  Thanks so much!!
 Yaay! Thx.  RT  Submit questions to our  makeup artists & you might see them answere… (cont) 
 Why you should be getting monthly microderms. 
 hahaha -> RT  "  I'll make something good!" you guys planning a feast? I'll be on the 3:10 to Yuma )
  YES! haha classic.
 Get ready for another Summer contest! Visit our FB page for details! 
 Thanks for the post! --->RT  New Amanda Compares vid!!!   Be Still My Heart. WATCH!!!
 Easy post-workout recovery drink. go bananas! 
 Easy Post-workout recovery drink! 
   Will do!
 ReveaIed: Is Sunless Tanning Better For You Than UV Tanning? 
 RT  Nutrition over Medicine: Why Diet is Most Important 
 Sausage and Peach Pancake Casserole?  Sounds delicious! Thanks for the recipe! 
 Tomorrow we start our summer contest series! 5 weeks of contests! We CANT WAIT!
  Yes! ready for the meeting on Thursday!
 Summer Contest Series! 5 Weeks of Giveaways! 
  awesome!!! We are excited to get involved, and help make  
 MUST READ -----> RT  How are GMOs affecting your health? Get the facts! 
   
      
  No Prob! ;)
  Do you have a list of events/happenings going on this month?
  Are you getting what you think you are buying? New  labeling.
 YUM! RT   white chocolate Mocha 
  How was your holiday weekend, What was your favorite part?
 what did you get? RT    ;)
  Thanks!
 How was everyone's Weekend? What are you doing to jumpstart you short week?!   
 THANKS VERO! you too!  RT   Hi beautiful people have a great day!
 I LOVE  This is what Im like on caffeine too! ;) 
 I LOVE   This is what Im like on caffeine too! ;) 
    xXMUAHXx        
 We slove Sweet Potatos!  RT  What kind of french fries do you prefer: sweet potato or classic… (cont) 
 Healthy Summer Cookout Ideas! 
  aww boo.........i tweeted from the wrong account.... haha!
  Thanks Sachin! MUAH! 
   FOUND IT! MUAH xoxo Love you too!
 VERY TRUE ---->RT  You choose happiness. It doesn’t choose you.
 Thats Great!!  RT   To succeed and grow.  Feeling very motivated today!
 Foods with the highest antioxidant levels! 
 Need some motivation today! What is your 
 A little of both! RT  Earthworms: Anti-Aging Skin Care Miracle or Super Gross? 
  haha. identity crisis?
  We would love to! Dm or email me the details!
 Chabela time!! ( Brewers) [pic]: 
 Has anyone heard the new  song with  S? I LOVE IT   Let me know whatcha'll think!
  did you get your  figured out?
   aww boo! go to you computer and log in.... have them send you a temp password, via the email you registered with! 
  haha!
   How did you do that?
 I'm at Starbucks "Big Curve" (3115 S. Fourth Ave, Catalina, Yuma) 
 I'm at Burgers and Beer w/  [pic]: 
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym w/  
   NICE.
   YES! We noticed that! It makes sense, what going in the body, shows up on the    
 Did you unlock the Newbie Special? If so, we owe you a Free Eminence Travel Sized Product! Stop by and pic… (cont) 
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym (300 W. 22nd Street, Yuma) 
  and think about how great life is. Take a step back.
  YUM! send me one!
 Yes, neither one is that great, but i prefer the burts bees whitening paste RT   hav… (cont) 
 Slow down the aging process with Interval Training 
   I AM IN LOVE with your mixes GENIOUS! Where can i purchase some new material?
 OH MY! hahaha. Its AMAZING what you can find under there! RT   glad I looke… (cont) 
 No Prob Sachin, it gets stuck there with all the loose change!  lol!  RT  Often times, Inspir… (cont) 
 haha ;) RT   well not yet, will do !
   Nope but I can do one for you! :)
 Seriously, with a cool breeze and everything!  lol.  RT   I need one of those rel… (cont) 
  maybe heading to  not for sure. It seems like a great weekend to relax....
 Awesome! Just let me know, and we can book you asap!  RT   awesome! Went to  (cont) 
   that was suppose to be HEAR that......typo!
   AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!!!!!!!! Did you heat that? wink wink ;)
 We are! Whats on your agenda for the weekend?RT  Who's gonna have a good day today? It's Friday!
 Doing great! How are you? RT  Good morning  how are u today?
   Did you look for it under the couch cushion? Sometimes it hides under there :)
  lol!
   hahaha ive seen that before! 
  Did you hear about nature's express?
 3 Anti-Aging Products to Use This Summer. 
  got back last night! It was a blast!!
  thanks sachin! Hows it going?!
  glad we could help!
 RT   LOVE amanda compares  vids! guide 2 natural lipsticks ->
  thanks so much for your support!
  hahaha!
  hahaha!
 Is Your Favorite Restaurant Making you Fat? 
 I'm at Fabulous Downtown Las Vegas 
 I'm at Hooters Casino Hotel Pool (115 E Tropicana Ave, at Duke Ellington Way, Las Vegas) 
 I'm at The Palms Pool (4321 W Flamingo Rd,  The Palms, Las Vegas) w/ 4 others 
 I'm at Las Vegas (Las Vegas) 
 I'm at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport (PHX) (3400 E Sky Harbor Blvd, btwn S 24th & S 44th, Phoenix) 
 I'm at Yuma International Airport (YUM) (2191  E 32nd St, Yuma) 
   ya i think you are right, but i think was live footage on google or youtube
 NO did you? ! RT   did u see the 
 NO! do you? RT  Just read an article that put Hornitos,  and 1800 as some of the best  Do you agree? :-/
 I'm at Main street cinemas w/  [pic]: 
 Good luck  RT  Final dress rehearsal. Here we go people..... -Britney
  thanks for the info!
 Margarita time!!! ( Burgers and Beer w/  [pic]: 
 "One should never rejoice in another one's sorrows"
 let you beauty shine girl! RT   now that my  is so much better I hate putting  on it lol!
 I JUST READ THIS -----> NO WAY! THATS AWESOME! RT   no, it's my hair it took about 3 hrs to curl all of it
 Great one Vero! RT   is far more important than using  take care of ur  don't plaster it with  !
   YES! we cannot wait!
  Yes! We are excited to take some classes and network!
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym (300 W. 22nd Street, Yuma) 
 I'm at Starbucks (2383 W 24th St, Ave B, Yuma) 
 A Wrinkle in Time. 
   I love that pic of you, so was it a wig?
  :)
 Laser Hair Removal for $99 - 3 days ONLY 
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym (300 W. 22nd Street, Yuma) 
   Sounds interesting!
   True that! its seems kinda backwards, huh!
 Great Observation Vero! :) RT   men seem to be more addicted to  than  
   are you ladies going to be at the  event in  this weekend?
  It was great to meet you at the  event a few weeks ago. How is your week going?
 Its VERY important for  to use  creams too! SHARE this with your man :) 
  YES!
 Great Quote, Thanks! RT  Embrace healthy living with the clear intention of increasing the length and beauty of your life.
  to ban Styrofoam packaging! GO CALI! 
   Thats awesome! We saw you perform in San Diego a few summers ago, you were AWESOME!
   Good for you! :)
 Do you need an exercise intervention?    
   38%?
  Nope I havent, Ill have to check it ou!
   Thats AWESOME!
   the Eminence VitaSkin Vitamins?
   We do not! but we need to, Thanks!
  thanks vero!! We r so glad we could help!
 RT   I am do glad I went to get that deep tissue  I can physically see a big difference! U rock!
 I'm at Quechan Casino Resort w/  [pic]: 
 I'm at Algadones, Mexico 
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym (300 W. 22nd Street, Yuma) 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of 4th Avenue Gym on  
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym w/  
   Hello This is Amanda Barton, I just chatted wtih you on your facebook pages and you requested I DM you my info!
 were in too!   
 RT  We're in...RT     yep! New peeps new follows!
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym w/  
  ya ur making me hungry too! Mmm
  mmm sounds  !
   Aww darn, they are my fave too. I havent tried EAT, ill have to check it out. Have you  tried  ?
   Your Very Welcome Sachin We <3 you!
   where did you go for  today?
   hahaha i love sushi.
  HAHA, oh and I like that we are having to different conversations here ;)
   We are so glad it helped!
   haha really! I cant remember where i found that image, but i'ts  freaky huh!?
   Hey Vero our Therapist's last massage is 6pm. Let me know if you wanna get in!
 Foods That Should Be Eaten Organic. 
 Amanda's New Favorite Mascara 
   :)
     what's the challenge?
   Thats great Vero! Hard work pays off.
   at least 96!
  I hear ya! Sometimes there isnt enough time in a day! :)
  Thats awesome!
   Thanks Vero, I just saw this tweet!
   Me too!
   good morning Vero! Whats new?
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym (300 W. 22nd Street, Yuma) 
   we <3 your blog! Keep bloggin' :)
   Thanks for the guide! we love Flax oil!
 Must-Do, Summer Treatment List 
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym (300 W. 22nd Street, Yuma) 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of 4th Avenue Gym on  
  what style of hat is your fav right now? Mine is big, floppy!
  Sounds amazing! I need to go to a game soon!
  its Therman Merman! from Bad Santa?!
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym w/  
  mmm that sounds amazing~
 How is everyone's day going? Are you making it thru another  ?
   mmmm!! yes it does!
  thanks vero! We <3 makeovers too!
  lol, haven't seen any yet. I'll keep you posted. :)
 I'm at La Conga 2 w/  
 I just ousted  as the mayor of 4th Avenue Gym on  
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym (300 W. 22nd Street, Yuma) 
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym w/  
   Thanks! Wishing we were there not for 3 dollar drinks :)
  and so sad :(
   YIKES whats wrong with people?  
  MMM that sounds amazing! Thanks:)
  :)
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym w/  
 Ch-Ch-Ch-Ch-Cherries (are the) BOMB! 
 Amanda's tips on choosing the Best Health and Beauty Magazines 
   changes to look for: size, shape, if it becomes bumpy, crusty or changes color.  Seek a dermatologist for any of those symptoms
   thanks!
   needless to say the guy was not very enthused about this similarity! HA!
   HAHA, yes, he had the same haircut as  
  So glad to hear Vero!! How is your day going?
  no Bueno! Haha. I worked hard for that. It's on 
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym w/  
  hahahah for some reason I thought your drove a smart car. I was waaaaay off
   do  you drive a smart car? if so how do you like it?
   sounds amazing, i think i need me some butt lifting!
   what is the brazilian butt lift, now im curious! :)
  Have you gone to the public pool by Kofa High? Its super nice and has quite a few lap lanes, we love going there in the summer!
   gluten (basically found in anything that has wheat in it) causes my tummy to be upset :(
   How did your diet/weightloss go for last week?! I see you have been working hard!
   I have had that one! it is good :) but i gotta stay away from the gluten, so I usually  do it as a salad! :)
   Thanks! We had a blast. High fives to all your bouncers, man they have thick skin!
   AWESOME! good for you :)
   hahaha, how am i NOT surprised ;)
  Party at Cheekie Boutique this  Saturday! Super excited :) Who's coming?
   Im glad you had a great time. Welcome back!
  me too! So beautiful.
 I'm at La Jolla Cove (la Jolla) 
 I'm at The Village La Jolla 
 I'm at Desert Garden (2525 Park Blvd, in Balboa Park, San Diego) 
 I just unlocked the "Great Outdoors" badge on  
 I'm at The Silver Fox Lounge w/  
 I'm at RT's Longboard Grill (1466 Garnet Ave, Haines St., San Diego) w/ 3 others 
 I'm at South Mission Beach Jetty w/  
   start with 20-30 mins and see how that goes,
  squirt, lime, saladita and tajin :)
   do intervals of a high speed and a low speed, that always gets the sweat going! Cant wait to hear your thoughts.
   Awesome! If you try out the  let me know what you think, it always makes me sweat buckets too :)
   AWESOME! What kind of cardio? I love the stairmaster there.
 I guess this answers my question! :) ----->RT  Some days I don't want to leave the 
 Great Tip! RT  “ If ur out in he sun all day don't forget to take some water!” and sunblock every 3 hours
   Yes she is!  Did you get your workout in yet today? :)
    sad :(
  Its great! Love the 4days of 24hours, plus I love working out with my ladies, Kim DeAnda and Amanda Butz!
  who?
 hahahaha! RT  Where did everyone go it's so dead I'm dancing in the store with no shoes!!! Doing the macarena as fast as I can
  Which organic  have you tried? We Like  its really good,  blanco is kinda harsh, not my fav
   PS i posted your popsicle article on my  page  THANKS!
 Thanks for this great recipe! RT  The New Frozen Treat: Veggie Popsicles 
  BOO, but you are making me hungry, maybe ill stop by there for lunch!
   haha Awesome!
   Again!?! haha bring me some!
   and dont forget to add more  if you  especially here in 
   Thanks! You too!
   REST! I wish I knew what that wasy! ;) Not sure probably heading to San Diego for some surfing, running and beach fun!
   Thanks for the info! What are your plans for the long weekend?
 Was going to World Gym, then Snap, Now 4th Ave!  I guess Im a gym rat too ;)
   AWESOME! Keep up the good work!
   GYM RAT! love it! How many  do you have a  to?!
   Tell me more!
    in
 What movie should we watch?   or 
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym (300 W. 22nd Street, Yuma) 
 I just became the mayor of Staples on  
 I just became the mayor of La Posada Apts on  
   I love this! Thanks for helping me stay  at the 
   I havent checked them out either, if you do, let me know what you think!
   YIKES!
 Get Fitter with Twitter! 
 Thanks! RT  Check out the recipes we posted on Facebookcourtesy of 
   your're welcome!
 Very Busy! Which is great! How bout you?
 RT   have u seen chocolate facials? Lol it seemed interesting;  we have a chocolat… (cont) 
 Great  Quote! RT  "If you worry about what might be, and wonder what might have been, you will ignore what is." - Anonymous
  Have fun in Austin!
   I love  !! haha, keep practicing....I wanna hear it!
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym (300 W. 22nd Street, Yuma) 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of 4th Avenue Gym on  
  this is Amanda BTW! I hope your having a great day at Mission Beach!
   me too, I bought an American Agave a few weeks ago. Lets see how long it lasts!
 Hahaha thats awesome, gotta love  :) RT   I'm the mayor at lowes!
 Laser Hair Removal Just Got More Convenient at Nouveau Beauty 
   We just heard about  and a Kale chip recipe on  with her new   stuff, what do you think?
  How is your day going Sachin?
   sounds amazing I gotta check it out!
  haha,  This is great!
   Here are some great  we adopted from  and they are  and  
   what did you get 
   Thats awesome Vero! Congrats, keep up the good work!
  ceviche!
 RT  Your lipstick will last longer when u apply it w/a natural hair brush. The bristles absorb excess oil & deposit more pigment
   Thats awesome!
 I'm at Starbucks (2383 W 24th St, Ave B, Yuma) 
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym w/  
 Amanda's Favorite Natural Concealers 
   YAAY! Enjoy every minute!
   :)
  you're welcome!
   it is like a dream! Have you participated in the hunt yet?  
 Has an airline lost your  before? Is it easy to get back?
   How is your day going? Is it  Whats the update on the   stuff?
 I'm at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport Gate B22 
 I'm at Denver International Airport (DEN) (8500 Peña Blvd, Denver) w/ 78 others 
 I'm at Omaha Eppley Airfield (OMA) (4501 Abbott Dr, Omaha) w/ 10 others 
 I just became the mayor of Red Oak on  
  nice! Personally, it's genius. People are gonna go  over this. Great  ideas.
  your ousting me in 
  did your heard about  and  teaming up, thoughts?
  We love those too! Mmm! Have your heard about  team up with  Thoughts?
  I agree this team up is odd, what are the prizes anyway?  
  and  team up today, thoughts?
 I'm at La Fuente (217 S Duff Ave, Ames) 
 I'm at Alegent Health Fitness Center (Corning) 
 I just unlocked the "Swarm" badge on  
 I'm at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport (PHX) (3400 E Sky Harbor Blvd, btwn S 24th & S 44th, Phoenix) 
 I'm at Yuma International Airport (YUM) w/   [pic]: 
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym w/  
   hahaha good one!
 Natural looking injectables, and what to watch out for. 
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym w/  
 I just became the mayor of Super suds on  
 I'm at Top of the Kress (284 South Main Street, Yuma) 
   Pics to come!
 Amanda had a great time networking at the  The cheekie Boutique fashion show was bomb! Did anyone watch? 
   Thanks for the  tip!
 RT  By the time you hit 50, your skin can take 40 days or more to regenerate. This results in rough, uneven, older-looking c ...
   I like your thinking :)
  Great!  The expo was fun, how is your weekend going?
 Amanda's Favorite Natural Lipstick! 
 Healthy, but Delicious meals under 500 Calories (Meal  
 Wishes kombucha tastes more, because it's so good for you!!    
 Amanda is on her way to the Q to get her hair and makeup done for the Cheekie  show at    
 I just unlocked the "Overshare" badge on  
 I'm at Mission Valley Farmers Market (San Diego) 
 I'm at Whole Foods Market (711 University Ave, at 7th, San Diego) 
 I'm at Starbucks (2383 W 24th St, Ave B, Yuma) 
 I'm at Wells Fargo (2507 S. Avenue B, Yuma) 
 I'm at Albertsons (24th street and Avenue B) 
 I'm at Sephora (1331 S Yuma Palms Pkwy, Yuma) 
 I'm at Starbucks  Yuma Palms 
 I'm at Ninja Sushi (1400 E 16th st., Yuma) 
 I just became the mayor of 4th Avenue Gym on  
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym (300 W. 22nd Street, Yuma) 
   Cant wait to see you there! Have a great day.
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym w/  
 Healthy, but Delicious Meals Under 500 Calories (Meal  
 I'm at Sunshine Herbs and More (Fortuna Road, Yuma) 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Sunshine Herbs and More on  
 I'm at Lotus Day Spa & Salon (11274 S. Fortuna Rd. Suite B4, S. Frontage Rd., Yuma) 
 Our Favorite Gluten-Free Pizza Crust! 
 Tie breaker in "the momshell contest" on Facebook! Cast your vote now until Wed at  6pm     
 I'm at Chalet 
 I'm at Starbucks Plaza Lienzo w/  
 I'm at Asadero El Nuevo Tecolote w/  
 I'm at Take Five Plaza San Pedro w/  
 I'm at Sakura w/  
 Fight! And enjoying some beer! ( La Conga 2) 
 I'm at U.S/Mexico Border (147 S Imperial Ave, Calexico) 
 I'm at burgers&beer (321 w 20th, yuma) 
   Thanks for the 
 I'm at Buffalo Wild Wings 
 Just finished up a great workout! Good morning everyone! 
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym (300 W. 22nd Street, Yuma) 
 RT   Remember a nude lip shouldn't be skin tone which can make you look wiped out… (cont) 
  Thanks for the RT~
   Great tip, thanks!
 Insulated cups are in, and the ventis are already gone! ( Starbucks) [pic]: 
  good luck! Break a leg... Or don't in your case! ;)
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym (300 W. 22nd Street, Yuma) 
  will help erase sun damage, fine lines and wrinkles,   
 Melanoma Monday: Protect and Detect for Skin Cancer 
 skin cancer detection and prevention mo.  tip of the day: if you like tan skin, try a self tanner and wear an spf 30 over it!
   Holy Moly 4hours....and you found out nothing? whats your next step?
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym (300 W. 22nd Street, Yuma) 
 Its Melanoma Monday! Its Skin Cancer Protection and Dectection Month,    
   I hope everything goes good! how many bottles you at now?
   this is my favorite part " increasing health, nutrition and physical education in schools" it all starts with education
  Great quote! Thanks 
  exfoliating the body is  important too! Use an organic body scrub, the oils in it will hydrate & also great for a shaving medium!
   That's one of my fav. snacks! 
   our weekend was great!
   Thanks for the book tip! How was your weekend?
 I'm at Yuma Palms Regional Center (1305 S. Yuma Palms Parkway, at NE corner of 16th St & I-8, Yuma) 
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym (300 W. 22nd Street, Yuma) 
 I'm at Mexico California Border Crossing 
 I'm at Nouveau Beauty Cosmetic Center (2144 W. 24th st ste. 2, Yuma) 
 I'm at Wells Fargo (2507 S. Avenue B, Yuma) 
 I'm at Lotus Day Spa & Salon (11274 S. Fortuna Rd. Suite B4, S. Frontage Rd., Yuma) 
   Gracias Vero ;) 
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym (300 W. 22nd Street, Yuma) 
   Nice! I havent tried that one.
   Thanks vero!
 I'm at Starbucks (2383 W 24th St, Ave B, Yuma) 
   great tip! Gotta get that beauty rest 
  eat lots of fruits and veggies for great skin!
  -Easy anti-aging tips!     
 Easy Anti-aging Tricks 
   I hear you are there! Yes I will be joining Lotus tomorrow, how is it going?
   No prob! How is your Wednesday going?
 I'm at Starbucks (2383 W 24th St, Ave B, Yuma) 
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym (300 W. 22nd Street, Yuma) 
 I just unlocked the "School Night" badge on  
  when using organic/natural products make sure to use a q tip or a spatula, as bacteria from your hand can contaminate the product
  How is the knee doing today?
   Sounds great!  What activities are y'all doing for young adults with out families?!  I gotta keep in the loop!
 I'm at 4th Avenue Gym (300 W. 22nd Street, Yuma) 
  MMM! whatcha gonna cook?! 
  Yes that is a great article,  we have been researching/trying natural lipsticks for our next video, what nat. lipstick do u like?
 What a beautiful day! How are you going to spend it 
   good night!
  bed rest! Oh my! I hope u get better soon!
   Thats no good! Are you doing any corrective exercise to help strengthen it?
   Oh haha I thought maybe thats what you did on Easter.
   Great anti-aging tips! Thanks 
   What was the photo shoot for  today? 
   OMG those pics are soo cute!
   YIkes! what happened to your knee?
 What is your secret to looking young?   tip
