 This is stellar. MT  The new structure of stories: a reading list 
 RT  . and I have a lot to say about the  redesign  
  Thank you! I'm happy you like it.
  The National Portrait Gallery - atrium at off-hours or one of the permanent galleries. It's beautiful and often quiet.
 RT  Last Call: Webbmedia Group is hiring! See  First round of informational interviews will start next we ...
 BTW, I'm rebranding myself "Xe." MT  Xe will announce later this AM that it's moving its corporate HQ to Arlington.
 "Happy birthday, Hemingway! Love, Agile." Greatness from  
 RT  Neat example from  on rethinking the story format:  Love how  story pieces change as you scro ...
 The ultimate '90s boy band collaboration. Boyz II MeNKOTBSB sing "End of the Road":  (via 
 7 common mistakes in stories about the debt ceiling debate:  Solid piece from 
 When parents don't approve of your interracial romance, from   ( 
  Especially don't miss the comment where  talks about the difference between books and fandoms.
  Agreed, sharp analysis. But I've got to emphasize, the real goodness comes in the thread below Robin's post.
 Also, not just about the closing of Borders, but about what's happening to reading. Do not miss: 
 Public service announcement: if you didn't see it, this is a REALLY terrific thread about the closing of Borders: 
 It's very true. MT  I'm not sure which is sadder: shocking deaths or completely non-shocking ones.
 Man. I started my run this morning with "Rehab" and ended with "He Can Only Hold Her." Sad, sad news.
 Jon Stewart's best media criticism moments (from  
  Also - drinks!
  Well, that was belated. :)
 RT  RT  NPR's Michel Martin interviewed President Obama. Listen here: 
 What makes a restaurant authentic?  (from  w/ thoughts from  
  Are you sure it doesn't end with the ULTIMATE Coach Taylor pep talk?     
      Is there an FNL-ish equivalent of ComicCon? If not, we should totally start one.
 'To which McLuhan whispers, ominously: “No, Paul, no. No, we may not….”' SO GOOD. READ NOW. 
  ... which companion includes an essay by the always-excellent  btw.
  Not only did I devour that awesome essay, but I also purchased the Kindle edition of the FNL companion: 
 RT  I am retiring now. MT  You guys  has retweeted  via  on McLuhan. We can call  ...
 RT  We have THREE StateImpact openings in TX. Two in Austin   One in Houston: 
  Nice!
 Finally read the stellar Paul Ford essay on "an end to endings." Almost  
 "Work in public. Reveal nothing." Instant  classic, coming soon to a t-shirt near you: 
 RT  Flickr photo owner finder, brilliant  And 7 more ingenious image search tools  (HT  ...
 Read through the remarks on hyperlocal business and advertising ethics. Fascinating. 
 Ooh, the  report on the new ethics of local journalism is out at last! I got a sneak preview; it's excellent: 
  We've gotta stick together. See this exchange w/  
 Some interesting thoughts on how productivity is changing poverty, from   | More: 
  I'd take "Tom Thompson III" in a heartbeat. I'd insist ppl call me "T3."
  True. I'm just defensive about the probability that there are 2,500 other guys w/ my name trying to steal my PageRank.
  Careful. "Matt Thompson" could also be accused of minor characterdom.
 RT  This is awesome! Congrats to  - one of NY Mag's New Media Innovators! 
 And it's true! I feel more innovative just working near  one of  21 New Media Innovators - 
 In today's edition of Awesome News Daily,  is a new fixture at  
  Thought you'd find this post on cheating interesting:  (via 
 "Yes, there are vampire bacteria living inside the worms."  
 RT  Happy birthday to Twin Cities NABJ chapter pres 
  Ahh.
  Not sure if there's an iOs equivalent.
  The Google Authenticator Android app makes it a little easier.
  Oh believe me, I PORED over that oral history. :) Thanks for the link!
 Watched the FNL finale. Blubbered like the colic. Then watched the episode "The Son." I'm going to miss that universe SO MUCH. 
  Switched it to riesling on your recommendation.
  I saw this. I believe I saw it summarized as "Shirtless Tim Riggins saves Martian colony."
 Now: cleaning. Tonight: Bottle of red, box of tissue, Friday Night Lights finale. I'll miss you, Tami Taylor. 
  Just try to resist the power of the listicle.
  YES. Don't hate me cuz this girl's a 10.
 Read it, love it, live it:  on the power of "declaration and validation":  (via 
 RT  Have debt you can't repay? Help inform our new series: Tweet the amount you owe, type of loan & interest rate to the hashtag ...
  My Scott McCloud interview isn't completely lost to history: 
 "The software is wrong, not the people."  (via 
 RT  Want to help design & drive the next generation of Twitter TV integrations? Know someone who'd be perfect? We're hirin ...
 This is my gym: 
 Today I used an  custom map to show an apt-hunting friend what the day-to-day was like in a neighborhood they were considering.
 I defined a custom map for myself in  months ago. I get a daily digest of news for my neighborhood, and it's pretty awesome.
 RT  Becoming increasingly convinced your "Coexist" bumper sticker doesn't include your car and my bike.
 "We have a bias: things can be better." Great stuff from  and the VOSD crew: 
    I heard  is releasing "How to Be Black" as an iPhone app only, cuz Android owners already know.
  Race traitor!
 Like 26% of my black, cell-phone-owning demographic peers, I'm on Android. 
 RT  Who uses which kind of  the demographics of different platforms 
 "As The Guardian has shown, the steady accretion of fact [...] can have a profound effect." 
 RT  AGREED. RT  Pretty much. RT  Jake Gyllenhaal wins the universe today 
 40 years after the disturbing Stanford Prison Experiment, the participants reflect:  (via 
  We went to WD50 yesterday and it was fantastic. Thanks again for the recommendation!
 RT  Wow! My colleagues outdid themselves for my birthday today: 
  I picture you as a reluctant nerd. I didn't realize you had nerd dreams.
 RT  Investigation by  shows 911 calls have spiked in 7 of 8 top drilling counties: 
 The last bastion of true Chinatown in DC - really interesting story from  (via  
 RT  "Optimize your choices for things that will affect you every day, not someday or hardly ever."  
 Why you've heard of Caylee, but not Brisenia - a Q&A w/   
 Used Google to translate a page written in French. The translation is shockingly good. 
  Very sad. Mary Ellen was a character, and a real trove of knowledge at the Strib. She will definitely be missed.
 RT  Mary Ellen Smith, longtime Twin Cities arts editor,leg wrestler to be reckoned with and wisest cracker around, died last nit ...
 Last week, the Nat'l Climatic Data Center announced "new normal" temps around the US. What this means: 
  Many, many differences. Just an under-noticed story, I thought.
  I was just surprised how few people I mentioned it to had heard about Marchella, whose death highlighted systemic failures.
 If you're wrenched by the death of Caylee Anthony, give a thought to the gothic tragedy that befell Marchella Pierce: 
 RT  Still looking for two reporters in TX for our local-national StateImpact project...  
 RT    is a celebrity here.
 RT  Fantastic new feature up   Data on 55,000 schools nationwide
 MT  Today is the last day to submit entries for the Online Journalism Awards  
    Thanks for the suggestsions!
  
 I'm seeking the best cat videos ever posted to the Web. Videos only, no photos. Stuff like this:  Please help!
 RT  Delicious  mangoes finally make their way to US: CNN  report: 
  I vote for  They'd have gotten the Venn diagram right.
 This  article on middlebrow culture is the worst. And that's *not* actually how a Venn diagram works: 
 Criminal. RT  C'mon... who moves a wire story about animals BUT DOESN"T GET CUTE ANIMAL PHOTOS TO GO WITH IT?!?!?!?!?
 Blue lobsters! 
 When I say it's impossible to live in Mpls during June and not know it's Pride Month, this is what I mean: 
 Email just landed announcing that Online Journalism Awards deadline is now midnight Thursday (6/30)!  
 I especially liked this rant:  
 Universal hate for the mood-wrecking closing-credits music of the West Wing on Google. No argument here.
  Years ago, I wanted to register the domain NoMoMoDo.com. Still do, sometimes.
 The official 2011 West Wing Wisdom Tooth Recovery Marathon is underway.  Look for me at the base of the hill, I'm 
  Another thing Wikipedia more or less figured out that we still have trouble with.
  Hasn't been written yet? If you can get some sucker to take that bet, I'll happily write it for you.
 It might be the Percocet talking, but I wonder: how come the LGBT pride rainbow is straight?
 Towel-wrapped pillow? Check. Ice pack? Check. Adorable boyfriend fetching Percocet? Check. Protein shakes? Check. Netflix queue? Check.
 Wisdom tooth removal went well.  Don't look totally like a Chipmunk yet. Thanks again for your tips. Percocet is on the way.
  Oh, my Netflix queue is ON POINT, believe me! :)
  Does this mean you're a more evolved being?
  Thanks for the tip! I'm planning on asking for a stronger/different pain reliever. I seem to tend to be less susceptible to Vicodin.
  Thanks!
  :) Duly noted.
  Thank you! I consider myself a trouper, so I'm not too worried. But I like to be a well-prepared trouper! :)
  Heh. Is there a fun personal story here, sir?
 Found out today that the wisdom tooth extraction that I thought was canceled tomorrow is actually happening. Any recovery tips, Twitterfolk?
  We had a problem with viruses earlier this year, but totally wiped the site clean. Any chance the errors could be cached?
  That's really strange. On that same page, here's what I see, and what a colleague sees on Safari. 
  Awesome!
  Hmm. That shouldn't be! We've done some vigorous virus-stomping. Where are you seeing it?
    I've seen this house (online) before. It's ridiculous.
 RT  WATCH: Why is the federal system for gun background checks full of loopholes? 
 The thought experiment at the end of this post about fair use by  is fascinating: 
 RT  Blargh,  had to pay $32,500 to settle a copyright claim over appropriating the "Kind of Blue" cover art  ...
  Correction on Waxy's links: "Jose Antonio Vargas," not "Antonio Michael Vargas."
 More analysis of the decision to come out as undocumented, from  
 Turns out  isn't the only Pulitzer winner whose undocumented status was revealed this year: 
 Hearty congrats to   and all the other  winners today.
 This demo of the space-age  shoot-now-focus-later camera will blow your mind:  
 RT  Happy birthday to our fantastic supervising producer and huge twittervangelist Tracy Wahl! 
 The article by  is pegged to the launch of a campaign - "a real conversation about immigration": 
 For more on the coming out undocumented movement, see  
 The coming-out movement for undocumented immigrants has a new, high-profile champion:  Powerful stuff: 
  I know. Was very surprised to hear that, considering even the NYTimes had an article.
  Always my pleasure.
 Have had Nicki Minaj's "Super Bass" in my head for two days. Tweeting this in hopes of passing the earworm on to you.
  Good! How are you?
  I know! I was amused and maddened to find this concept is already in play.
 I predict  Mr. Penumbra book is going to be huge. And wonderful.
 RT  My first novel, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour-Bookstore, is going to be published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux! Third item: htt ...
 One more week to submit entries for the Online Journalism Awards!  
 Also excellent is  related column, asking whether our responses to plagiarism/fabrication have relaxed: 
 Take a look at  roundup of recent plagiarism/fabrication incidents in journalism: 
  I am so right there with you.
 RT  had to try it. 2 cool. RT  If you google "transgender" the search button grows a rainbow  ( ...
  I think I might want to read this thesis ...
  Looking forward to it!
  +1 intriguing!
  Thx! That (more aggregationy) was my assumption. Didn't know whether it was signaling something else, tho.
  this ? came up in a design talk: what's the diff. btw. posts on your site w/ big heds & no indent v. small heds & slight indent?
 RT  Missing Mad Men this summer? Fill the void with Sterling's Gold, the brilliant fictional memoir 
 Someone at  totally needs to enter this timeline for   
 RT  Which news site best used  to tell a story & serve a community? Tweet suggestions to    ...
 RT  Last year  won the Online Commentary/Blogging award, small. Tweet suggestions for 2011 entries to  
  It sounds like there might already be a bidding war for your critical math class.
  :) That's what I'm here for. Here being LAX. (Was at KPCC yesterday and today.)
  
  Provocative! And problematic!
      Thanks! Glad you liked the piece.
 Why we're shifting to content management ECOsystems rather than classic CMSes: 
 RT  A CMS should be a beautiful, iterative 'content management ecosystem' that clears the open-source bar, says  http:/ ...
 RT   just threw the most spectacular after party for  She is a gracious, lovely hostess!!! Huge <3 ...
  Heh. Have lots of fun!
  What's going on at 7am at H&M? Sounds exciting!
 . is going to lead us all to the Promised Land. And you can be his acolyte. Act now: 
 RT  Please help me spread this: The Wall Street Journal seeks a social-media editor to join our growing team 
 +π RT  Goddamn you,  and your wonderful words: 
 RT  Throw a quarter in the Iver Jar, people: We've got the long-awaited new  streaming at NPR Music, 12 days ea ...
 RT  Read  tremendous NYT debut on history, revisionist history, and X-Men. It will give you chills. . ...
 RT  SEXTINAR! RT  The word "sext" burns my eyes every time I see it. Like the word "webinar."
 The 5 greatest threats facing the ocean on World Ocean Day 2011:   
  SQUICK.
 I HAVE EATEN AT SPARKY'S. Excuse me while I go wash my tongue with bleach. 
 I will be squicked out for the rest of my life. Sparky's in CoMo made cicada ice cream in honor of the Cicadapocalypse: 
 RT  .L’an dernier  a gagné prix du meilleur site de news en langue non anglaise. Twittez suggestions pour 2011   ...
 For World Ocean Day, a "State of the Ocean" report: 
 RT  Saying goodbye today to  our web and social media editor. Best of luck, Anna!
 Don't miss  interview with outgoing American Public Media chief Bill Kling: 
  MT  RT  15 Stunning public health infographics 
  I take it you're already all over "Perth" from  
 RT  My first post for Fast Company! Check it! "New Google R&D Team Charged With Making Renewable Energy Work For The Market" h ...
 What are the most beautiful multimedia presentations you've seen from news orgs this year? Tell them to enter  
 RT  Last year  won the Multimedia Feature award for large sites. Tweet suggested entries to  
 Do prison inmates spend all their time lifting weights? (cc  
 RT  NPR's 'The Picture Show' a winner of LIFE.com's 2011 Photo Blog Awards.  via 
 RT  Wrote about how a rape victim's tweets presented news orgs with challenge of figuring out what info to publish: http: ...
  keeps timing out on me, for some reason (OS X, Chrome 12). Sad to have to use Orbitz/Kayak.
 Also biased on which niche site covered a single topic the best; I think several of the Argo sites are contenders.  
 RT  Which affiliated niche site provided the best coverage of a single topic? Tweet suggestions to    ...
 I know I'm biased, but I think  should enter  for an  Breaking News award. 
 RT  Last year  won a Breaking News award. Who should enter this year? Tweet your suggestions for large sites w   ...
 RT  Huge favor to ask. Watch my entry in the Paul McCartney cover contest and click YouTube's Like button if you like it ...
 (BTW, actual federal spending on public media is less than .01%.)
 10 mistaken beliefs Americans hold about themselves: 
 Wow. 7% of respondents to a CNN poll think public media funding makes up >50% of the federal budget:  (via 
     Glad I could join you guys today! Thanks for having me!
 RT  RT  Abramason has been clear Keller successor at NYT for a while. Good 2010 NY Mag profile from  h ...
 RT  Jill Abramson succeeds Bill Keller as Executive Editor of the New York Times. Wow.    This is big  ...
 Less than a quarter of Oregon's 5000 MW of wind energy is actually used in Oregon. 
 Fascinating explainer on why Oregon is exporting renewable (wind) power while importing coal power: 
    If   came to  it wld violate the rule that Snarkmasters can't all be in the same place.
  I feel like I have no sense of whether my media habits (all Netflix/Amazon streams) are costing or making networks money.
  Can you tell me how much relative profit per-show networks make from TV vs. DVD vs. Hulu vs. Netflix vs. paid AMZ streams?
  And this is coming from someone who had the temerity to name a site "Vita.mn."
  Altly? ALTLY? Post-Web 2.0 naming has gone too far. That's the 3rd most inelegant and 5th most meaningless word I've ever heard.
 Amen. RT  I didn't know it was National  Whoever picked this date clearly has never run in DC in early June.
 RT  One Reclined Seat Leads To Jet Turning Around, Fighters Being Scrambled 
 RT  Last year  won a General Excellence award, medium. Who should enter this year? Tweet your suggestions to  ...
  Between "Strawman's Law" and "link ambivalence," I'm all about the term coinage these days.
 RT  Get the new Explosions in the Sky album today on Amazon (MP3) for $2.99:  
  I really had to hunt for that link. I'm ambivalent about the link's destination, though.
 RT  "Page One" book includes essays from         ...
 RT  Some EDGE responses are thoughtful, solid, general: double-blind experiments, focusing bias, etc. Then there are people pe ...
  I think that's known as "Strawman's Law."
 RT  Law: When there's an imbalance between the demand to debunk a thinker who believes X and the supply, X will be imputed ...
  It's hard for me to think of a satisfying 2-ep plot arc from The Wire. The payoff was often over dozens of eps.
  Definitely! But a movie brings pressure to start and resolve various plot threads. The Wire rarely did that in the span of 2 hrs!
 20 rounds against the NYT's veteran rock-ppr-scssrs computer gave me 8 wins, 6 ties, 6 losses:  (via 
  I suspect a Wire movie would be profoundly unsatisfying.
 "At least 6 in 10 [Americans] say pornography and cloning animals are each morally wrong." 
 Four things to know about immigrants in the military: 
 Have you launched an innovative media project in the past year? Enter  Knight-Batten Awards: 
   I've looked at this tool with some eagerness before; but it seems pretty opinionated about content presentation.
 RT  The deadline to submit Knight-Batten award applications is in one week! Check out the submission guidelines: 
 The Atlantic's  commenter (and occasional contributor)  seems like a pretty awesome guy: 
 jim brady
 This  webinar with  on lessons from  is certain to be enlightening: 
 This is amazing. RT  Eight-noun BBC headline 
  One day I might forgive you for that pun.
 I also hope   and  enter. Who else?  
  Agreed! I'm pretty sure  will enter; I hope  does.
 RT  Which large news sites represent the highest journalistic standards? Tweet your suggestions to    ...
  Yeah, today's an elliptical day.
 RT  Wrote about 5 small steps you can take to build big traffic. + tips from      ...
  Yep! Toronto.
 He's got a terrific singing voice, and fronts a stellar band called Dead Man's Bones:  
 He was in the fantastic Nickelodeon (Snick) show "Are You Afraid of the Dark." 
 We were each born a week apart in Ontario. 
  Congrats! Safe travels.
 A terrific explainer on why the Supreme Court made CA dramatically decrease its prison population, from  
 The "Disney visa": How Disney World gets foreign employees to work the World Showcase. Enlightening: 
  Your Jay-Z profile in Sky was stellar. Want more. There's gotta be tons of material on the cutting room floor ... online extra?
 RT  Awesome new blog of the day:  all about what the internet means to the rest of the world. Not the  ...
 Getting to sleep late after finishing Michael Cunningham's By Nightfall. LOVED it. Surprised myself.
 RT  Entries now are being accepted for the 2011 Online Journalism Awards from the Online News Association   ...
 Why home births are becoming more popular: 
 Great tips for anyone stepping into the ombudsman chair: 
  I don't understand. What were they protesting?
 Parenting and weight might be the two things people feel most comfortable not minding their own business about.
 This thread about the parents who keep their baby's sex a secret is fascinatingly polarized: 
 Parents decide to let their baby express gender when/how it wants to. They keep mum about the kid's sex to others: 
  Are you keeping an eye on what's happening w/ the BPA and wind/hydropower in the NW right now? Fascinating.
  "Lake of the Loons" is gorgeous. I could get behind that.
  A high school friend of mine even has the middle name 'Calhoun' in his honor.
  J.C.Calhoun's name is all over everything in the South. Still don't know how a lake in Mpls was named after him.
  How about John B. Calhoun, noted ecologist?
 I had no idea Mpls' beautiful Lake Calhoun was named after notorious slavery proponent John C. Calhoun.  via 
 Very cool idea: Anyone can send  a ‘public DM’ on Twitter, even if he doesn’t follow you. 
  Thanks much. Excellent deck.
 RT  Really beautiful piece on Reid Hoffman from  Writers like her really elevate  
  (That last  quote was from this:  .)
 I especially love how  thinks about trolling. It might just be a bad day. Model response: "I'm just going to ignore it. Watch me."
 No matter how much we may like or respect the perpetrator, trolling is still trolling. And we know it's usually not worth engaging trolls.
 L.A. Noire arrives at my house Thursday. CANNOT WAIT. 
  I also finished BSG last weekend. Synergy!
 "It's not about making the complex simple. ... It's about making the complex clear." - Richard Grefe, 
 Wonderful Tufte profile in Washington Monthly: 
  Excellent, thank you. When that's posted, will you shoot me a link?
  No imminent need for it, but was talking w/ one of my NPR colleagues abt how awesome it was, and wanted to show it to them.
  The fiddle player from the Belleville Outfit was in today's Tiny Desk Concert.
 Beyond the backchannel:  explores how to foment "processed reaction." Great short read: 
   Are y'all's slides from your  preso on the secret language of things online anywhere?
 RT  Great conversation taking place in the comments of  tech press story 
  I like it. Clean and simple. Resume TK?
  Hoped to make it last night; regret that I couldn't; sounded awesome. I have to get you to somehow sign my e-copy.
 RT  Congrats to  as new  product manager for APIs. Onward and upward but -- most importantly for APIs -- outward.
  Glee's version of RITD was pretty bad. John Legend's was amazing. I want him and Adele to duet on it.
   Finally, I'm a part of the lamestream media elite! I've been waiting for this day for so long ...
  You saw this, right? 
 Watch "The Fracking Song." Trust me. A fine piece of work from the folks at  (via  
  OMG, Water Babies ...
 RT  Beta no more: Today we officially launch iWatch News, our new website for investigative journalism! 
 RT  Interesting read on the evolution of a NY Times magazine cover. Well... interesting to ME anyway.   ...
 Correction - via  here's Gilt Groupe's new site by former TMZ editor Ben Widdicombe: 
 D'oh!  that is.
 RT  Media/advertising convergence. Gilt Groupe hires Ben Widdicombe to start its own editorial product (3rd item):  ...
 RT   40 years ago, our fair network went on the air with the first edition of  Here's to the next 40!
 "Fast Five is the socially progressive, post-racial superhero event movie you didn't know you wanted." 
   "An increasing number of universities are now using [wikis] as a teaching tool." 
   That last tweet was basically for you. :)
 The tilapia story that was going to lead today's NYTimes: 
  I had that exact thought.
 There won't be any executions in CA in 2011, reports  
  Do you feel any worse off for having received the news 12 hours later?
  What would you like to take away from it?
  Yes, one. It was excellent. But it depends on the strength of the Wordpress community in the area.
 RT  $15/day hotel WiFi, please meet my iPhone 4 Personal Hotspot. We won't require your services.
 Could this be the first crowd-sourced clinical drug trial? 
 RT  Ouch: 
 A worthy cause: my friend Cristi is training 16 women from around the world to report on climate change: 
  Almost! Will be back in town tomorrow!
  I can't believe how easy y'all are making this for me. Brought & done - Don't Stop Til U Get Enough.  
 RT  Tuning in late to see, with a mix of admiration and horror, that Zuck is interviewing the president dressed in basicall ...
 I've been seeing this essay from  everywhere for days, with good reason: . Highly worth your time.
 LOVE THIS. MT  More on  New Pledge-Free Stream  After you pledge, you don't have to hear more begging!
    I can dig that, Courtney. We each get our choice of an OTW - Thriller-era MJ song for the dance-off.
    OK so this is on, right? Epic danceoff next time we're in meatspace? Everyone OK w/ 1978-era Michael?
   Sexual preference mistaken identity party? Sign me up!
 The inverse of Sturgeon's Law: 10% of every pile of crap is a morsel of easily-overlooked genius: .
  Ditto. Tell me when you're DC-bound!
 Porno4Pyros 
 Money4Nothing 
 Anyone who wants to read the stream-of-consciousness notes from the  convo, they're here:  
 I'm a big fan of DavisWiki:  
 Mobile computer labs run by libraries in rural communities also played a starring role in the Knight Commission findings.  
  See? Give everybody a microphone, and you unlock the power of the community. :)  
 RT  I love that  already mocked-up the community hub for rural communities:  
 The best: Secrets of the Armenian-American grocery store, from  
 RT  . nicely distills the controversy around philanthropist, 'Three Cups of Tea' author, Greg Mortenson.  ...
  Make sure we can get a refund on the custom Catsignal socks. 
  Just because of the surfeit of hype going into Team Catsignal's presentation, I hereby promise it will be lame. (cc 
 A lot of professors are actually incorporating Wikipedia into their curricula:    
 A bunch of awesome j-ppl are presenting ideas riffing off the KnightComm rept on community info needs, & you can watch: 
 Mpls folks: I'll be in town next weekend, talking with the newly-formed  group! 
 RT  zomg. video teaser for the new  album: 
  Woke up frustratingly early one morning, started reading it, and couldn't put it down.
  If you really want DFW-related sadness, read this: . Fair warning - the piece also feels like a violation.
    Also totally Team Taylor. FNL turns me into a blubbery mess, episode after episode.
 6 ways to eat seafood responsibly, from  and  
    If you really want to see me scramble, make it a benjamin. :)
 The Speakularity approaches, suggests   // cf. 
  Your FIRST VISIT to JetSet? Color me shocked. That place was also one of my faves.
  Trying to track you down. What's your email address?
 RT   I don't know how to respond ..... Show here is an attempt at a goatee emoticon   :-{>
 Wonderful: Photojournalism and the construction of reality at press conferences:  (via 
  That was a wonderful little piece. Thanks for passing that along.
  Heh, I can imagine. Reminds me of Sedaris in Paris: 
 Bicultural folks: What have been your most awkward language moments in the US?    
  Yep. Me and all of Team Argo!
  Just got alerted to this by  
  You came to DC and I missed you? Sad!
 RT  Journalism job openings. I have some. Apply. Spread the word. 
 RT  Seriously, though, all you people talking about aggregation should read my paper. It's good, I promise ;-).  ...
  I want chocolate-covered espresso beans.
  Do you know  and 
 RT  The Center for Public Integrity is launching iWatch, a new investigative reporting site 
 RT  Email updates for Chinatown street food tours: jennifer8lee.com/chinatown (powered by tinyletter.com)
 It's 1987. Do you know what your children are?   
 Just learned a new word: tmesis - when one word is split in two by another, a la "Legen-wait for it-dary." 
 RT  Congrats to  for taking the top research paper award at 
 RT  ███████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████ Thank you. Very Truly Yours, ███████████  ...
  So annoyed, perhaps, that you might yell at them to get out and get in *my* car?
  Partying w/ my Vita-men & women, of course.
 RT  Young, Black women the fastest growing prison population 
  It offends my sensibilities to hear cortex say "Meh-Fie." Otherwise, love the Comics Digest, hope u add 4 Btr or 4 Wrs.
  Ooh! Ooh! Flush your Twitter followers next, and insist that everyone re-follow you one by one. :)
 Wow. Spiders fleeing from flooding in Pakistan took to the trees to spin their webs; crazy images: 
   I especially love the guy on the Segway in the "Line pack" add-on: 
 I predict that the PlayMobil Apple Store model will come true. And that you will buy it. 
  Hee!
  Also works if you search for Comic Sans. Switches back if you search for "Times New Roman," "Garamond," "Courier," others.
 +2 RT  BEST. RT  Search for Helvetica on google.com (doesn't work on the search bar). Ouch
 RT  Schiller: "The browser may be the single most powerful app on your smartphone...and it is still the best way to acquire ...
 RT  Ever wonder how Jim Naughton has navigated such an extraordinary ride in journalism? Answers via 46 Frogs:  ...
 RT  Now you can control Gmail w/ your body.  I tried it; a little buggy. It didn't do proper email rep ...
  I say no caps. It's not a proper noun. I think we only capitalize Google the verb cuz it's the same word as Google the noun.
 RT  "Cooleyhighharmony" is $5 on  in April. Alas, no deals on "The Bodyguard" soundtrack or Vanilla Ice's "To the Extreme."
  I'm just saying, Google had better bring it tomorrow.
 RT  5 Teachable Lessons From the Washington Post's Mistake | MediaShift  by 
  BTW, I use Dreamhost for actual hosting, and I haven't had much trouble. Used to be hard to deploy Django.
  I've seen lots of recommendations for NameCheap.
 Priceless:  (don't click if you can't stand to read another thing abt Rebecca Black)
 "I was writing different songs all night and was like, 'Wow, I've been up a long time and it's Friday.' And I was like, wow, it is Friday!"
     Is there a V.mn 5th anniv. party in the works? If so, am I invited? :)
  Nice! And I didn't even notice your shirt was a data viz! Lots of layers in that one.
 Oh, here it is: For  CJR profile, he got a pretty awesome illustrated portrait: 
  Liked the image that accompanied this in the magazine. At least in my issue it was like a WSJ hedcut.
  Enjoyable, informative, and thought-provoking. Hope there are follow-ups.
 Heh.  in all his wonkish glory is still funny: "The purpose of this second strand of analysis isn't simply ethnographic masochism."
 Excited to read  paper about "what aggregators do":  (pdf)
  If Google had called "+1" "Holla," I would be so all over it right now.
 RT  Alternate names considered for Google's new "+1": "Yes";"I know, right?";"<3";"THIS";"Holla";"And a Bag of Chips";"Inde ...
  Aw, that warms my heart! Tell Mr. HDK I say hi, and good karma to him!
 Right now,  "materia" is feeling pretty good to me. Lovely word. Curious w/o being artificial. Awesome FF7 resonances.
  Also a key quest object in the Final Fantasy video game series - bonus!
  Love my navel, and enjoy gazing upon it from time to time.
  "Content" is merely anything that fills a container. "Material" is a substance of its own.
  Totally an aesthetic thing. "Material" to me is just a lovelier word. And it underscores the idea that it's a made thing.
  "Curate" is a perfectly pleasant word, slightly tarnished from overuse. :)
  Oh, feel no shame. I use the word all the time despite my dislike of it. It's a useful word. Just ugly. To me, uglier than blog.
 My problem with "content" is mostly aesthetic. It sounds fugly, soulless, inorganic. I often try substituting "material."
 +2 RT  The quest for a word to replace the inane and commodified "content" is reaching its crisis point, people.
  I love both versions! Legend's version also makes me appreciate the original more.
 Since  introduced me to John Legend's cover of "Rolling in the Deep," I'm pretty much obsessed: 
 12 member stations, 3 time zones, 1 network. How we communicate with  
  & it's cute how they stick to it! Even in the  about desc, they're like, "Oh, it's nice you think this is media!"
  Re: brand journalism - .
  And they've recently described their search algorithm as an articulation of their editorial judgment.
  I misspoke! I've purchased three West Wing seasons on Amazon Instant.
 RT    All so stark! How about something that truly embraces the majesty of cyberspace   ...
  I APPROACH YOUR BROKEN NEWS PARADIGM WITH BEAUTIFUL COMPS OF RUBBER CEMENT.
 My entry into the  Olympics. 
 Think we can trend  RT  Fine. I'll redesign the New York Times. Minimalist, bitches.  
