 Cheers to  new followers!     
   &  cheers from      
  cheers from        
 RT: Wondering what to pair with  &  Try sharing time w/GR8 peeps!     ~Nice one!
 Moonshine at  - EAT BEAT:  via  Was here for first time last night. Delish!   
  Thx for the mention, Scott--hope you have a great   Cheers!
 Happy          Cheers to sunshine!
 Happy          
 RT  Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     
 Had some delicious  &  last night at  in  sister to  Who wants to take me on in shuffleboard?
 Wishing a  filled  to new followers      Cheers!
 Cabernet Franc?  From Dumas Station!?!  Oh yes.  About 40 cases were bottled last month, along with the new... 
 At  in  having some  Merlot (of course) and fave new  Tete de Moine. Have u tried this cheese?!? Wow!
  Had a blast tasting with you today. Thanks for finding my manila folder!
 RT  Wine Word of the Week: En primeur, a French term for wine sold as futures before being bottled 
 Today's word of the day comes from Wine Peeps... En Primeur: En primeur is a wine trade term, French in origin,... 
  neat new profile pic btw...so Retro...love it!
 Enjoying a  from  Definitely miss living over there! 
  Bday drink is on me next time I see you!
  Has Gordon told us when his party is yet...??? Not sure when next trip to Prosser is. I miss  tho--that's for sure.
 RT   happy early birthday. ~Happy early bday from me too! We'll have to cheers IRL w/a glass!
  FYI - Your account has been hacked, and someone is sending out spam direct messages & tweets under the name OMSI.
 Cheers to new followers      Hope u have a great week!
 Cheers to new followers      Hope u have a great week!
  Thx for coming out for a visit, and glad you enjoyed the Syrah. I'm pretty excited about that one too! Have a great week
 RT  I'm drinking Krug. Out of a trash can. In the middle of a park in New Orleans. And it is awesome :)   ~Nice!
 RT   I stopped by today and tried the latest 4. Oh, yum! ~That's awesome! Thx for keeping Pete company too :-)
  Thanks for the mention! Cheers, and hope you have a fabulous weekend!
 RT  Must open a bottle of wine this weekend.  Find out more here:    
  Life is good! In Salem tonight. Found some sunshine! You? Grupo Vino tmrw?
  Nice name, Ali. Sounds like we also have the  connection.  It's a small town, after all...
  From a  ry to an  ry Happy 
 Happy  to new followers      
 Thanks for the  follow  We love family-owned businesses. Thank you for carrying our  in 
 Happy  to new followers      
  Hey Viv, how are you!?! Hope to see you for some  Saturday evening... Happy 
  We love your book! Great piece on one of our fave places for  and  in   Cheers!
  Cheers to sunshine in  indeed!
 Speaking of...some friends were in  last week & had lunch  Said it was the juciest  they'd ever had.
 Just received a postcard from  in  advertising their  Sounds delicious!
 It's the time of year to enjoy a wonderful "Evening at the Depot" in Dayton, WA, supporting our local historic... 
  Not sure when I'm back in Prosser. We need to get Gordon  to have a party though...I know that for sure!
   juice       
 More  cheers        
  cheers out to         
 Thank you for the  love  Cheers to Dumas and to 
  voted "friendliest small town in America" in USA today. Sweet!  
 Walla Walla was voted the friendliest small town in America, in USA today. Sweet! 
  If we drink more rose, with the sun come out?  
 RT  Very excited to be speaking  The Red Flags of Greenwashing: A Regenerating Solutions Salon 8/18 7-9p  EcologyCenter ~Nice!
 Thx for the  mentions. Happy Thurs!      
   Where did our sun go???
 Teaching a class on vineyards at   &  Festival Aug 6.  Did anyone go last year?
 Ali was asked to teach a class at the Gig Harbor Wine & Food Festival this year, on August 6th.  Being an Estate... 
 RT  Dumas Station Winery because it just sounds nice :)
 RT   nad enjoy the sun in PDX 
  Thx for the WA  Daily inclusion w/  sweet onion recipes from  
  Sweet Onion recipes  Anyone else try reducing w/ balsamic vinegar to spread on toast.  pairing sugg?
 One of Ali's favorite things to do with Wall Walla Sweet Oninos is slice them, then reduce on the stove with... 
 RT   opens new  tasting center - Mid Columbia Tri City Herald  
 RT  9 hours from Newberg to Portland. Definitely going to be late.  ~Maybe includes stops to taste 
 RT   Real men drink pink. ~Love it! Made me giggle, but it's so true!
 So... &  was  on Sat? We missed u at the   fest. So fun.
  Thx for the RT Scott. And love the quote "Real men drink pink"!
  Thx for asking! We have bottles at a few new spots in  Blacksmith has Merlot and 10 Below has both Cab & Merlot.
 Thanks for the "thanks"   We look forward to featuring the '07  again on your website! 
 Happy Monday to new followers     
 Thx  for listing our '07  as one of the Top Wines of the Quarter! 
 Our 2007 Cabernet was rated one of the "Top Wines of the Quarter" by WineMatch!  
   We have  tattoos and are missing you. Hope u have a Good night!
   You ready...? Sporting our  tattoos and ready for some  
 Heading to the   &  walk...but not going to spit tonight. 
 RT   Do you have your Tweet on tonight? ~thinking about it... :-) How are things at 
 Happy     Look forward to seeing you at   &  walk tmrw!
  Paris...really? Can you feel the jealousy across the pond?
 RT  My new tasting room opens this weekend in Woodinville! WMChurchWinery ~Congrats!! How is prep going?
  new followers       
  new tweeps!        
 Thanks  Hope you enjoy the  Sounds like we'll pass eachother on the highway from 
 Sweet!     We'll see u Sat    walk! I'm bringing 3 friends from PDX. :-)
  If you don't go camping, come hang out with us! I'm bringing 3 friends from PDX. If u camp, have a smores for me, will ya?
    Wow, sounds like all the cool people will be  on Sat. Bummer! Have fun though. Sounds awesome.
  In the  tasting room at 
  Good luck on the road, 
 Wine term of the day: CORDON - The outward extensions or "arms" of a grapevine extending from the trunk which... 
 Coming to town for Prosser  & art walk on Sat. Anyone else?   
 Coming to town for Prosser  & art walk on Sat. Anyone else?     
 Coming to town for Prosser  & art walk on Sat. Anyone else?      
  cheers before the night's over!       
 Anyone in  tomorrow? I'll be pouring our  at Portello's 5 year anniversary party. 
 Ali's heading to Bend to pour for Portello Winecafe's 5 year anniversary party tomorrow night.  Festivities are... 
 RT  Agreed. Cheers with a big glas of      ~& a little glass of  :-)
 RT  "If your heart is warm with happiness, you'll need a glass - if sorrow chills your heart, have two!" -Hannu 
 RT  New blog posting! Wine Shop Interview: Wild  Wine Woman -  
 Neat interview with local Walla Walla wine shop owner Catie, on the "Terroirist" (read that closely...) national... 
  cheers your way       
  cheers!        
 Happy  to new followers      
 Just stopped by The Olive & The Grape in  to see their beautiful new bar! Now which wine to pair w/ it...  
  Thanks for the shout out in your Washington Winery Daily  
 Cheers to new followers      ~Happy Tues!
 RT  Great blog post on state of wine politics, sales & distribution from   ~Right on David!!!
 RT  Red blends are big for Northwest wineries  
 RT  Impressed that I know some soms who will be at  this yr. That means I've succeeded in drinking a lot of wine ~Lol
 RT  RT  5 Wineries/Wine Retailers that 'Get' the Web  
 RT  See your favorite wine in stock? Thank a hawk!  ~Falcons and hawks as pest control, nice! 
 RT   was featured on  Grillin' & Chillin' show this week;    
 Cute video from the Rand McNally's (maps) visit to Walla Walla, Washington, dubbed "one of the Friendliest small... 
 RT   ry Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    
  Thx for getting my back on book club. Ur right--it doubles as an awesome  tasting club!  ur just jealous...
  new fave  ries       
 Are U following these  tweeps?         
  some fave  tweeps        
 Are U following these tweeps?         
 Our friends  just launched a new website incorporating their awesome  tasting room downtown  
 Our friends over at Thirst Wine Bar & Bistro have a new website that showcases their new tasting room in Portland,... 
 RT  FREE  tasting tonight in the Bistro 5-8 pm. Columbia Gorge Wineries. Such a great AVA!   
 Two  restaurants included in  Top 100 Restaurants:  & Beast    
 Short & sweet interview w/  Grill chef from     
 RT  I'll host  on 7/11!       
  Thx for the summer wishes. Cheers to that! 
 RT  IMO, the chief problem with  is it often does not reveal terroir. ~Maybe we need to hunt/taste a little more... ;-)
 Congrats to  Grill for being listed in  Top 100 Restaurants! Esp w/3  wines on their list 
 RT  As a wine sales rep, I see more of  than I ever could have imagined. What a beautiful state we have! ~Here here!
 Want a taste of our unreleased Syrah?  Ali will be pouring Cabernet & Merlot at The Wine Studio in Gig Harbor, WA... 
 Want a taste of our unreleased Syrah?  Ali will be pouring Cabernet & Merlot at  in Gig Harbor, WA... 
 RT  interesting piece on what to do about Syrah's image problem on Palate Press by Scott Wadlow 
 What a tattoo artist has to teach   by Steve Heimoff
 RT  Why the French have fallen out of love with wine  
 Wine term of the day: CANOPY: the parts of the grape vine above ground, in particular the shoots and leaves
 Wine term of the day: CANOPY - n. the parts of the grape vine above ground, in particular the shoots and leaves.... 
 Hope your  is full of tasty        Cheers!
 Happy  indeed!        
 At Dumas Station we love trains, but we also respect the positive economic impact that trains have made in the US.... 
 RT  RT  Folks I know it's not  but give a follow to  home  maker new to Twitter ~Done x 2!
 Cheers to new followers     Hope u have a great  filled week!
 RT  Francis Ford Coppola's second career as a winemaker   ~“All this eating and drinking is hard” Ha!
 RT   Do wineries have to pay to feature wines on  ~Nope, just neat service they offer if u send samples
  Thx for featuring our  Walla  this week!
 RT  Red of the Week!  2007 Estate Cabernet Sauvignon  
 RT   Everyone! Nothing better than having it off! Unless you also have the next 5 days off!  ~Nice River! ;-)
 Thx  Hope u enjoy the weekend with some red, white, or pink!
 RT   Ate at Whitehouse Crawford. Splurged! Yum. Thx for the recommendations. ~Yum indeed! May catch u in PDX...
  new followers   Hope it's a great one!
  great  wineries       
   tweeps       
  wine peeps         
  w/more fave wine tweeps        
  w/some fave wine peeps!        
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "Best of the NW Wine Auction & Dinner" 
  We arrive late tmrw night, but working at our winery in Dayton Sat 1-5 and wine tasting Sunday if u want to combine forces..
  Bar at Marcus Whitman Hotel also fab. Whitehouse Crawford is fancy, but great burger. Defnte Vintage Cellars for wine.
 RT   rolling into W2 in 30. Where should I eat? ~Brasserie Four at Main & 2nd is a fave... 
 I'll be at our winery/tasting room in Dayton this Sat 1-5 p.m. Stop by for some  to go with your bbq!  
 Ali will be at the winery/tasting room this Saturday from 1-5 p.m.  If you're in town, we invite you to stop by... 
  Great story about  and the power of Twitter. Thx for sharing!   
 RT  It's Thursday and that means "A Bottle Among Friends"   ~We ate here on Monday. Yum!
 Cheers to new followers      
 Cheers to new followers        
 Cheers to new followers!      
 RT  WA Winery Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today    
 RT  5 Tools That Help Measure Your Social Media Influence -  from   
 RT:  RT  Who has the best  list by the glass in Tacoma? ~Pour at Four. HUGE glass list, and great prices!
  Would love to see you participate in  's next  tweetup!
 James Dumas' family, who started the Pomona Ranch apple orchard, where our winery is located, circa 1898 
 RT  Would u like to have another session re distribution & direct sales? ~Yes. You have great insight--thank you for your time!
 RT  Working w/  clients looking to streamline their online retail solutions. Any recommendations??? 
 RT  Another Twitter best practice. Filter your follower list. Block the spammers, etc. They hurt u on Twitter. 
 You may have already seen this, but the town of Waitsburg got a great shout-out from The Seattle Times at the... 
 We don't use Foursquare. 
  Only 30% listed on getlisted.org. Looks like i have some work to do... thx for the website. 
 RT   My vote is to push on. 
 Good question,  Or how can you convert? (loaded question.) 
 Yup, we're good. Thx  and  
  For some reason not all of your tweets are showing up in my feed for  thou on ur profile. Anyone else have same prob?
  We don't really have a strategy for online wine sales in place besides our retail website. Working on it thou...u? 
 Ali's here for  insights. Small Walla Walla winery. Living in Portland, managing our WC and Oregon sales.
 Have any burning  marketing questions?  is organizing a Marketing & Sales Tweet-up at Noon today.  
 RT  Are people still planning to attend the first wine marketing & sales Tweet-up at noon today?  ~You betcha!
  cheers going out to        
 RT  Featured  follower  . Follow  we'll feature your Winery too! 
 Thank u for the  love. Hope u have a great wknd!      
 Overheard yesterday at Jake's Grill in Portland, while dropping off the 2007 Cabernet for their glass pour... 
 Done pouring, now we get to relax...  look at those handsome  pouring gentleman! 
 That pic was a sign created by the chef for our tasting tonight at Pour at Four tonight in Tacoma. What a nice welcome!
 All aboard!!!  
 Happy  from Tacoma!        
 RT  The And Beyond Daily is out!  Top stories today by    
 Getting ready to enjoy  by pouring some of our wine at Pour at Four in Tacoma. If ur in the area, swing on in!
 Hope u enjoy  w/some nice summer       
 Hope u enjoy  w/some nice summer       
 Hope u enjoy  w/some nice summer        
  Good call on this being the 1st  of summer!
 Hope u enjoy  w/some nice summer       
 Did you know that the Walla Walla Valley was the 2nd AVA (American Viticulture Area) to be established in... 
 Nice new blog post by  about the wonderful wines of  on a  (Try saying that 10 times fast!) 
 RT  Which do you prefer using? a) aerator b) decanter c) neither d) both  ~a) OR b) but not both. Depends on the wine...
 RT  This is ironic...   ~Lemme guess...those are all screw cap... In-store marketing at its finest!
  has opened has opened a  room on the  Waterfront, and they're pouring our 2007 Cabernet!  
  Weds 6/29 noon - 2 is my vote. :-) Thx!
