  You're welcome! So glad they arrived safely and I hope you enjoy. :)
 Sudden, startling thought: if I leave to pick up my daughter now, I will actually NOT BE LATE. *is off*
  I remember that scene with crystal clarity even though I watched it last in the original episode. So. Awesome.
 “I think you have a CD of mine.” “Which one?” “Uh, the one with a crazy-looking chick on it?” 
 I have been on a red lentils kick lately. Especially with stew. I have yet to go wrong with a red-lentils-containing stew. 
 “I am your editor, not your mother. If you’re having a bad day, find a ledge.” 
  Thank you!
  My aim is to cause that impression among people... and yes, you do!
   If by that you mean the pictures are good, & the cover is AWFUL, then yes...
 “When we leave, we always keep the radio on. Rush Limbaugh, of course, so they know we have guns in the house.” 
 Thanks to  for reversing my horror over the Gale & Peeta Hunger Games cover: 
 “Okay, let’s move on to the [wedding] dress. Any thoughts?” “Um… there should be one.” 
 “I can’t believe you’re living with Paris again.” “It was either that or a cardboard box.” “Yes, but how big a cardboard box?” 
 The 4-year-old just proudly informed me that she taught the 2-year-old how to climb out of her crib.  
 . I guess "suspiciously quiet" is kind of redundant!
  I suspect (a) will preclude the possibility of (b).
 Things are suspiciously quiet in the other room. Should I (a) go find out what my kids are destroying, or (b) work on this draft? 
 Polynesian gods, sisters, & sports: the Enchanted Inkpot's interview with  (author of WILDEFIRE) - 
   Thanks for tweeting about the chat!
  Try it again.... it should work now.
 Ten minutes until my Inkpop chat! All questions will be answered, & HC will send 4 free copies of NIGHTSPELL & MISTWOOD: bit.ly/pvTw35
 Dentist appt in 1/2 an hour. Just 2 hours b4 my inkpop chat! Perhaps I will need meds, & then the chat will be REALLY fun... bit.ly/pvTw35
 TODAY, at 5 pm EST, I will be doing a live chat at the Inkpop! Come ask about fantasy, worldbuilding, MISTWOOD, NIGHTSPELL...: bit.ly/pvTw35
  Typo. You wrote "before" when you meant "if". ;)
 I am not sure how my "clean out the clutter" plan has resulted in so much more clutter.
 And that's 5 PM EST. Thanks, 
  Yes! Agh, thanks for the reminder.
 Tomorrow at 5 pm, I will be at the HC inkpop site! Ask me about world-building, MISTWOOD, NIGHTSPELL, or... well, a/t: 
 Please note, I am not ignoring my daughter, I am "modeling reading behavior."
 RT  Have    et al ever have an extreme fan moment? Find out who they fangirled over ...
  Ugh. Sorry.
 Wow, Craigslist now requires you to have a phone number (which they will call!) in order to post. I think I approve.
 Word, why do you keep capitalizing “Cliff” for me? There are many cliffs in this scene. There is no one named Cliff. 
  If you only raised your eyebrow, you're not really a New Yorker yet... ;)
  Awesome! And a great cover, too. Congratulations.
  Me, neither! Though I am often the person who "forgot to buy/make food to eat."
 This Wed, 5 pm, I will be doing a Q&A chat at the HC inkpop site! You can submit questions NOW if you want, at 
 Woohoo! RT In my PJs w/ hot cocoa ready to watch Gilmore Girls. Let domination begin!
 “When are you coming over, Luke?” “Some time after I’m drugged and lobotomized.” 
  In many ways. I really dislike what they did to her character.
  So true - he made much more sense for her.
 Sorry. I know I'm being very opinionated in my Gilmore Girls watching tonight. Back to quoting...
 Zack has always been an annoying loser. I don’t get why they thought his character would work as Lane’s love interest.
 “It doesn’t make me want to be violently ill.” “High praise.” 
  Aha, my plan for Gilmore world domination comes to fruition...    
  Yeah, but they are TOTALLY "versions b" of Lorelai & Rory. No?
 Don’t get me wrong, I love Lorelai & Rory. But there *are* other types of women in the world. 
 Oh, look, it’s Anna & April! A/k/a Lorelai & Rory lite. 
  It's a re-watch, but I'm doing it in order. Currently on Season 6.   
  Yay! I have spread happiness in the world. And coincidentally, guess what I'm about to do...   
 Signed copies of NIGHTSPELL & MISTWOOD today at Book Ends (Winchester), The Concord Bookshop (Concord) (duh) & B&N Chestnut Hill.
 A belated  - The House at Riverton by Kate Morton. I prescribe it for
  I'm glad to hear that at least you made it home in a still-solid state!
  Me, too. But today's going to be a challenge.
 Usually the subways are what I miss about NYC. But just the thought of the subway platforms today makes me cry in sympathy for NYers.
  They've been getting very offbeat with their truffles lately. It was bound to happen eventually.
  When I did this last year, the Staples employees were definitely considering whether they should just kick me out.
 But these things are IMPORTANT! How can you write down unrealistic goals for yourself in the wrong color calendar?
 OK, maybe not hours. Certainly long enough for my stroller-restrained toddler to get very impatient with me.
 After hours of consideration, have decided upon navy as the color for next year's dayminder calendar. 
 I am very grateful for the “undo” function in word. 
 Me: It's lunch time! Do you want yogurt? Two-year-old: I want ice-cream and chocolate. 
  Thanks! I just called & you're right, so prob I'll pop by next week. If I can manage it on the weekend, I'll see u then!
  (I can also just call them, if you don't know offhand.)
  Cool! I'm going to be doing stock-signings around Boston for the next few weeks-do u know if they have Nightspell in stock?
  Hey - are you still working at Book Ends too?
  It's supposed to go up to 99 degrees F (37 degrees C) tomorrow. Enjoy your chilly rain!
 I have definitely provided fodder for that game...
 RT  One of my favorite games while editing is spotting the phrase the writer latches onto. There's always one & it's dif ...
  Hot chocolate. Wow. Clearly you are living in a different weather pattern than I am...
 This scene I’m writing is simultaneously making me want to go rappelling again, and making me wonder how on earth I did it the first time.
  Thank you!
  You can email me - LCypess - or dm me, whichever is easiest.
 There’s n/t really quotable here, but Paris’s spouting Marxism dogma now that she’s a waitress is completely cracking me up. 
 “Man, you bought a lot of stuff.” “All stuff I need. Or want. Or think I might someday need or want.” 
  You're welcome! And let me know if you'd like the signatures personalized.
 And now, so that my new followers know what they've signed up for... it's Gilmore Girls time!
 Thanks e/o else for entering! And BTW, there are currently giveaways for both books on goodreads, so hope is not lost...
 And the winner of the 2222 followers giveaway is...  Congratulations, & please dm me your address so I can send your books!
 OK. Random.org, here I come...
 Um, there are a lot of entries. Perhaps more than a moment. 
  I hadn't forgotten! But thanks. ;)
 And the 2222 followers contest comes to an end! One minute while I tally entries...
 RT    BEST. SELLER. RIGHT. HERE → 
   Me, too. That is awesome! Thanks.
   Also, I am overwhelmed by our cutting-edgedness.
   And there it is, the PERFECT ending line! (plus good set-up for a sequel)
   "That, & the fact that we're both extraordinarily hot for high school students. Or, you know, human beings."
   "It certainly explains our instantaneous & irresistable attraction to each other."
   "But it was thought that if we ever met, the space-time continuum wld explode! So certainly we cannot make out."
   "I come from a parallel universe," he explained, "so when someone follows you, their alternate follows me."
  LOL. We should write this book!
  Sure!
  I knew my incessant Gilmore Girls tweeting would come in handy someday. ;)
  OK. If you are interested in the 20-minute free skype visit, just let me know! Or if you think they'd like signed bookmarks
  I did a whirlwind of stock-signing when I was in NYC in early July. There may be not be an unsigned copy left in the city. ;)
  Ha! Thanks. That would definitely call for another giveaway.
  Yup!
  You just have to tweet with the hashtag  or  So, you're already entered. :)
  If you want more detail, feel free to email me -- LCypess
  That's awesome, and thanks! I do skype visits - a 20 minute Q&A for free, or a longer full presentation for $100.
 And thanks   &  for seeking 2 more followers AND not mentioning my weirdness in the process.
 2222 followers giveaway! RT to win a copy of  &  by  Ends 9:30 p.m. EST.
 If you want, you can just retweet my next tweet...
 And the giveaway: for the next 2 hours (until 9:30), tweet a/t with the hashtag  or  & be entered to win both books!
 We got it! 2222 followers!
  Another idea for the list... ;)
 And I'll run the giveaway for two hours. And... um... type the results with two hands? 
 OK, works for me. So when I hit 2222 followers, I will give away two books. (MISTWOOD & NIGHTSPELL. In case you were wondering.)
  We should! Like, sit on the couch and revise simultaneously.
 OK, so so far we have "party," "giveaway," & "chicken dance." Since I know me, I think giveaway is going to win.
 . coming soon: Twitter Twins, a novel in which a girl discovers a mysterious boy who always has the same  of followers as her..
 . That is awesome!
 Note I didn't say WHICH list. 
 Um, yeah. I'll put that one on the list. RT  Make a video of yourself doing the chicken dance for 2222 seconds.
 I just realized I have 2,220 twitter followers. Cool! What should I do when I hit 2,222?
  Thank you! :)
  Thank you! I'm honored to be on it.
 (Though to be fair, in a lot less pain. I would never want to be one of my own heroines.)
 Just wrote a very long scene in which many, many things happened. I'm as exhausted as if I did them all myself.  
 RT  GIVEAWAY at The Violet Hour: Mistwood AND Nightspell by  Ends August 10, 2011  RT pleas ...
  But... SORTING. Also, one more laundry basket in the bedroom and we will all be sleeping on the porch.
  I knew I would get support for this on twitter.
 S/ts I wonder if folding laundry might be more efficient than digging through the basket of clean laundry every morning... 
 “You can’t yell fire!” “That’s only in movie theaters. Crowded ones. If you’re watching a Sunday (cont) 
 4-year-old: "Mommy, watch me and don't look at your computer again until I say you can!"  
 “O, please. Why else would you have lunch with me?” “There are many, many reasons. And…they will come to me in just a second.” 
 “I was interviewing roommates, and all I can say is: Build an ark, because it’s definitely time for a flood.” 
 “Someone will need to be here to greet them at midnight. I would do it, but I don’t want to.” 
 (Mine is The Night of the Solstice by L.J. Smith. Which has been reprinted thanks to TVD!)
 RT  Check out our list of Little Known Fantasy Gems 
  One of the B&Ns in NYC - I don't remember exactly which one.
 NIGHTSPELL keeping very good company! (Including 2 other Greenwillow books, ENTWINED & SHADOWCRY) 
  You'll have to be here tomorrow morning. Before 7 a.m. I can't promise it will last past that.
  And I love that people beside me get the reference!
 By which I mean "all the things in a certain defined section of the apartment." So really about 15% of the things. 
 I just CLEANED ALL THE THINGS!!!!!
 “Lorelai, you scared me half to death.” “Yes, well, follow-up has always been my problem.” 
 “Rory’s my only friend! She stays in the room until I’m completely finished talking.” 
  LOL! That's hysterical.
  Wanting to take a nap. Or sneak into the bathroom with a book.. e/o is too polite to ask what's taking so long in the bathroom.
 “You are a very smart, determined, talented girl. You can be anything you want. Except a diplomat.” 
 What  Didn't Know About Samurai Swords, until she asked!  At the  !
  This happens to me at every type of party...
  I'm not sure if it's a parent-thing, but this was the funniest line I've read all day.
 RT  Check out our interview with the lovely  about her debut The Near Witch 
 “Do I have to spell it out for you?” “That would be helpful, yes.” 
  OK, I'll give you that one!
  Well, that's certainly the story I'm going to stick to...
  Oh, I'm sure that's not true! 
  I actually just found a good description in a British medical journal, but it makes a cut throat sound boring. ;)
  Thank you! I will look that up.
  But how can I be sure that's ACCURATE? I need the internet for that. Oh wait...
 OK, I admit it's a little disturbing that I find most of these answers so humorous...
 On yahoo answers, a respone to "What exactly happens when you cut someones' throat?": "I'll tell you if you don't plan on doing it." 
  Now I'm tempted to write a story about the FBI infiltrating a writing retreat under false assumptions...
  I bet their (hypothetical) files on most writers are VERY interesting.
 If the govmnt is secretly keeping track of peoples' search terms, they prob have me pegged as "possible serial killer" right now. 
 Google Images, sometimes you are even better than youtube. 
 “We’re getting married! Luke Table-for-One Danes and Lorelai Can-I-Have-a-Forklift-For-My-Emotional-Baggage Gilmore.”
 And this will qualify as my vacation for the summer. A good plan, if slightly pathetic....
 Very excited about my library stash! I haven't been very productive this week anyhow; maybe I'll convert all my work time into reading time.
  I used to think of that as the fun part. Now I think of it as the terrifying part. Alas.
  Well, not yet. She still accepts my answers. ;)
  I dodged the question with an explanation of how when ppl yell at you in the street, it's best to ignore them.
  I'm officially intrigued. Of course, how many of those will get to stay...
  I am with you on this one.
  We passed Planned Parenthood. She wanted to what "the people on the sidewalk" were talking about.
  It's been an intense day!
 Also on her mind: "Why do birds talk and not butterflies?" and "Why don't dogs have to wear seatbelts?"
 Things my 4-year-old has asked me about today: death, God, reincarnation, humanity, abortion. 
 RT  New topic of the Week: Writing Totems 
 The winner of the Nightspell giveaway is Ilona, whose favorite ghost book is The Canterville Ghost by Oscar Wilde. Congratulations!
 Everything Lorelai feared when she made that first fateful decision to go to her parents for money has come to pass… 
 The end of Season 5 of Gilmore Girls is SO poignant. Even though I hate it, it's perfect.
 Two hours left! Share your favorite ghost book, and enter to win a personalized signed copy of NIGHTSPELL! 
  That's one way to describe it...
  If I were a delivery boy, I would love losers who couldn't cook. Just saying.
 Ah, NOW I get it. The ultimate explanation of google+ (via David Goldman): 
  Ugh, so sorry. Good luck!
  That is... not at all disturbing.
  It was great meeting you too! I hope you're recovering from the tour. :)
 12 hours left: share your favorite ghost book, and enter to win a personalized signed copy of NIGHTSPELL! 
  Thank you!!
  Yay, I'm so glad! Thank you.
 Great. Now I can be distracted by how twitter just did s/t really weird with that tweet... no, no. GOODNIGHT EVERYONE.
 Dear Self, instead of searching the web for s/t to distract you from how tired you are, perhaps you should GO TO SLEEP. 
 “Doctor? Excuse me? You’re not off to save a life, are you? Okay, quick question…” 
  There may be one. But I am in the dark.
 Me: Maybe we should just chop some of the other vegetables until Daddy brings onions. Daughter: But that won't be fun! 
 How, with all my hours of shopping today, did I forget to buy onions? So much for my cooking ambitions...
 For the evening crowd: share your favorite ghost book, and enter to win a personalized signed copy of NIGHTSPELL! 
  No, just somewhat confused by what makes today duck-day.
 There are a lot of new book deals on twitter today! So exciting. Also a lot of ducks, which is less exciting, but still cool I guess.
  Revolution; Me, The Missing, & The Dead; The Cardturner.
 Getting too ambitious about cooking while making my shopping list. Always a bad idea.
  And awesome!
 Ditto! RT  Had an awesome night out with   and...  It was great to meet you guys!
   Am waiting outside bar! So, um, if you're inside, let me know...
  Yay, congratulations!
  Yay, see you there!
  That's the plan! Are you?
 The problem with fruit fly traps: I will not be able to eat anything with a balsamic dressing for at least a month.
  We all feel like that. But look, the abyss has tweeted back!
 RT  librarians & bloggers! have you seen the 50+ novels you can win in the DiYA reading challenge? too rad for words.  ...
  Nope, I'll give it a try. But I'm pretty picky with my TV shows.
  Sorry. I think I tried a bunch of sorbet recipes that also turned out good, but unfortunately I don't know where I put them.
 4-year-old daughter: "Okay, Mommy, I'll lie down in bed with you for ONE minute, and then you have to get up and make me breakfast."
  That WAS my evil goal in signing them. And thank you!
  Nope. But you know who probably does? The internet.
 “As far as perverted phone calls go, this is a very poor one.” 
 You know how s/ts you type a word & suddenly can't convince yourself it's actually spelled that way? Today that word is "would."
 “We have boyfriends! This is better than any mood-stabilizer I’ve ever been on.” 
  I can tell. ;) And I'm wondering if the third sister will turn out to be a dark horse...  
  Sshh, I'm only at the beginning! But I'm completely hooked.
 So, my Gilmore Girls re-watching has been a little derailed lately by my Downton Abbey fixation. But tonight I feel the need for a break.
  Reminds me, I should take mine out of storage. Also, want a recipe for vegan banana ice-cream?
  It IS a scam! And even when the ink starts fading, if you take the toner out and shake it, it will work again.
 . Thank you! I'm so glad you enjoyed it. And also that my whirlwind day of stock signing in NYC had some benefit. :)
  If you are, so are about a million people on facebook.:) Thank you!
 “I don’t want to see you cry either,” Nick said.
  Thank you!
  Yay! I wonder why they don't use "autographed copy" stickers? And I will see  tomorrow!
 Dear Twitter, the ppl. who saw my 8 a.m. tweet might not be the same people who will see my 3 p.m. tweet, & why am I explaining myself to u?
 ...and twitter just scolded me for tweeting something I'd already tweeted. 
 RT  July 4, 1776: the day that we “unfollowed” King George. 
  Oops, yes! I'll go add that.
  :)
 Share your favorite ghost book, and enter to win a personalized signed copy of NIGHTSPELL! 
 This is AWESOME. Thank u! RT  Need to drive a route for research, & can't get there in person? Try this: 
 RT  Topic of the Week: Creating Holidays in Your Fantasy World 
  Hmm. I read those too but am not sure they'd stand up to a re-read!
 Last visit it was The Ogre Downstairs by Diana Wynne Jones. This time, it's A Semester in the Life of a Garbage Bag by Gordon Korman.
 One of the fun things about visiting my parents: re-reading books I really loved as a kid.
 And now they keep calling them "snottites" in these very serious scientific voices.
 Watching a documentary about caves. The explorers found mucous-like stalactites and called them "snottites."
 RT  Check out our interview with  author of the new YA novel, LUMINOUS: 
  Thanks! I am pretty fond of it myself. ;)
 NIGHTSPELL at the Columbia University bookstore! 
  They outnumbered me.
 Things that annoy me: people who meander slowly down the subway steps as the train is IN THE STATION.
 Not that I am obsessed with this subject or anything.
 Why are NY bagels so superior? Slate investigates: 
  I have been warned, I mean, advised!
  No worries, I am filling up Boston with signed copies as well.
 Currently searching youtube for videos of... oh, WAIT, I can't say. It would be a major spoiler. 
  Oh,no! I'm so sorry!
  If it helps... it is really hot and humid here. :)
  I'm kind of jealous of people who are only just starting this series!
 New Yorkers, you can now also get signed copies of NIGHTSPELL at  and 
 Um, yes. Wow. RT  Check out the gorgeous cover of  UNDER THE NEVER SKY: 
 Younger child asleep. Older child with a grandparent. Ready, set... NAP!
  You're brave. For me it's the season of "stuffing them in a bin just in case even though we have no space."
 Oh, awesome! RT  Cover Reveal! (Re-reveal? RECOVERY?) for THE GIRL OF FIRE AND THORNS! 
 They ALSO have the limited edition hardcover of The Demon's Covenant by  (w/ the new cover). Though they now have one less.
 Actually, I was having fun. And signed a zillion copies of Mistwood & Nightspell, if a/o was wondering where to get a signed copy!
 Wow. I look SO serious. RT  Photoset: This past Sunday, we enjoyed Fantastic Fiction For Teens... 
 RT  Last day to enter the giveaway for an ARC of PRIZED. The wasteland beckons. 
 Waiting on line to cross Fifth Ave! Will be at  soon... I hope...
  It's fresh in Boston too. It's a NYC thing. ;) Say hi to Rebecca for me!
  Really? Yay! And you're welcome/thank you again for all the cave knowledge!
 And at 1:00 I'll be at  w     & Carmen Ferrioro-Esteban! 
 In NYC. Where the bagels are bagels, but the milk is spoiled.
  Yay! Thank you for sharing.
  Aside from my own chagrin, I always feel so guilty at making the library do unnecessary work.
  I didn't do it quite on time, though! There are 2 books that are going to arrive & then get sent back while I'm away. 
  I'm working on it! (Well, I'm packing. But somewhere my subconscious is working on it.) And hey, what about YOUR ms? 
 Pre-trip preparations: My husband puts the mail on hold. I put my library requests on hold.
  Thank you!
  Yum. That is all.
 So now Twitter is sending me threatening messages about New Twitter.... 
  Looks perfect - & ordered! Thank you.
  As much as is necessary so I can accurately describe what happens when someone gets wounded.
   Awesome! If we get all the authors we know together, I bet we can accomplish EVERYTHING. (Except "write manuscript.)
 This is what comes, btw, of marrying the WRONG kind of doctor. If you're planning to write high fantasy, stay away from endocrinologists.
 Twitter, I really need a book about wounds and how they work. Any recommendations? 
  Whereas I... have gone to the post office. And that's my accomplishment for the morning.
 It is incredible what I will put up with in the morning, not even to go back to sleep, but just to remain horizontal with my eyes closed.
 “Sick people freak me out.” “You’re pre-med!” “I’m really tired of having that constantly thrown in my face.” 
 “So what can I do to help?” “Nothing.” “Perfect answer.” 
  I join in the chorus of recommendations!
 “She’s done with her doctor’s appt.” “Did she say how she is?” “I’m sure she would have, to s/o who had asked her.” 
  Ditto! Although the first season of Veronica Mars gave it a run for its money.
 “I put my soul into this place. My heart. Also my liver, a kidney…” 
  Or of the VEGETARIAN shepherds pie I sometimes make (with cheese, too!)
 This is pretty hysterical. How to insult people through recipes. (via  
  But then the babysitter will leave. Just as they start to transition from "hungry" to "hungry & tired." 
 Psychics, Cape Cod, & Veronica Mars! Check out the  interview with  author of CLARITY: 
  I'm not really worried that they'll starve. I'm more worried that they'll whine. 
  And it's awesome placement too, right next to the information desk! :)
 So not in the mood of making dinner. But I believe starving your kids is frowned upon. 
 RT  Feast your eyes on this: signed copies of Feast and Afterlife, sample chapters, secret website and more!  ...
 Also, attn  check out KAT, INCORRIGIBLE  at the Harvard Coop Bookstore! 
 Attn Cambridge ppl: Signed copies of NIGHTSPELL now available at the Harvard Coop, Harvard Bookstore, Porter Square Books, & Pandemonium.
  Which, BTW, I am now doing. *delivers self-righteous disdainful look over twitter, hastily shuts laptop.* 
  Actually, I'm remembering who told me on FB TWENTY MINUTES AGO that she was going to sleep. 
 “You’re sure you’re not mad?” “Well, you’ll never truly know until you read my memoir.” 
 “Why yes, of course I’ll hold. I thought you’d never ask.” 
  Awesome! I can send them out this week.
  If you want, & you dm or em me your address, I'll send you a bunch of signed bookmarks & postcards.
  The thing is, the hardcover is out in the US, so I can't give ARCs out here. I'd love to send you signed swag, though!
   Wow. So many snarky things to say about the alternate personality possibility. Cannot possibly fit them all on twitter.
 I think I will tackle my desk first, b/c most of it is garbage-so that will allow me to watch Gilmore Girls while cleaning. 
 Question is not so much "what to do first" as "what to be overwhelmed by first."
 This Sunday, I'll be at  w     & Carmen Ferrioro-Esteban! 
  Cool! Do you run an international blog tour?
  ( I spent the whole train ride back worrying about whether I had misspelled "emissary" in your book. Luckily I got it right!)
  No problem! Thank you so much for sending your mom!
  I'm excited too - there will be at least one person there! :) Looking forward to meeting you.
 “You made him feel unwelcome!” “He *was* unwelcome.” 
 “So where are the cool kids’ tables?” “This is Yale. There are no cool kids.” 
 “I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t be talking about love or sex when you…” “When I what?” “When you don’t have any.” 
  Er..... *runs through several possible answers in mind, settles on:* Yes.
  Don't we all, sometimes...
 Reminder - tomorrow night, 7-8 pm, I will be signing copies of NIGHTSPELL & MISTWOOD at Pandemonium Books & Games in Cambridge.
 My daughter just put her pacifier in a time out. I'm... not really sure how to interpret that. 
  You're welcome! :)
  I know, me too! And I just took one out from the library & I was like, I know what that is!
  I'll mark it as Thing  I don't understand about publishing.
  The publisher is listed as "turtleback" - so maybe they license it out?
  Yes, it's cool! I'm told it's mainly for library use... Amazon was totally confused when I ordered my own copy.
 I've seen other books like these at libraries, but never knew what they were. Now I do! And that is the end of this show-and-tell.
 Basically, it's the paperback converted into a hard-cardboard back.
 Remember when I said I'd share a pic of the turtleback edition of Mistwood when I got it? Here it is: 
 RT  Topic of the Week: Sub-genres in fantasy defined 
 RT  Just comment to enter! RT Last day to enter for drawing  of THE GIRL OF FIRE AND THORNS!  ...
  Yes, I only have a few so I'm going to send them to tours.
  Oops, sorry! Do you run an int'l tour?
 My doubts about the efficacy of time-outs are somewhat increased when my daughter refuses to come out of hers.
 I have a few NIGHTSPELL ARCs available for INT'L blog tours ONLY. If you run an int'l tour & are interested, dm or em me! (Feel free to RT.)
  My daughter never really got into dairy foods, unfortunately. With exceptions - i.e. Ice cream.
  Or: I just live with lumps and the fear of your nonna. ;)
  By the time I get my spoon in there, it is already lumped.
 Also, re the "why skip cheese," said by the person whose daughter was allergic to dairy for 2 yrs? I'm not insensitive, really. Just dumb.
 Um. She knows me well. RT   Burning four pots at once, you mean? That IS impressive.
 Also presumably for comic relief: "cheese optional." Why would you NOT add cheese? 
  Definitely. But you know, you're still not up to FOUR.
  Tell her to head over, then. I have never successfully kept it from lumping.
 I assume the phrase "to keep the polenta from lumping" in a recipe is just there for comic relief?
 Though possibly I should be holding off on the pride until the results are in.
 Currently cooking four things at once. This is a proud, proud moment for me.
  Thank you! I hope you both enjoy. :) 
  No, she was very matter-of-fact about it. She's not so GOOD at deception. 
  Yours have a head start. Both in terms of summer vacation and craziness.
 I'd be concerned, but apparently her throat WILL let her taunt her sister about who's going to finish their oatmeal first. 
 And now: "I want to ask you a question but my throat won't let me."
 Daughter: Mommy, I can't eat breakfast. The spoon is too heavy. 
  But... then what do you call the stuff with chocolate in it?
  The standard Ashkenazi ones. Noodle, squash, carrot, sweet potato... 
 That previous post, by the way, is mostly about book covers I like. But since I am overly-analytical, there are categories and stuff. Fun!
 RT  PR Special Edition (--): Leah Cypess Guest Post! 
  APPLE CRISP IS A SIDE DISH. How can it be dessert when it's healthier than kugel?  
  Just CALL it babka and the problem is solved.    
  And, um, safe travels! I hope you enjoy your trip.
  Wait - for you, this requires exhaustion?
  Me too. And I'm usually good with chocolate chip ANYTHING.
 First day of older daughter being home while younger daughter naps. Trying valiantly to establish the concept of "quiet time." 
 For a panicky moment there, I thought the bagel place was out of kiwi strawberry snapples. But it's ok now. 
  Really? *hums innocently*
 I hear distant cheering. So I gather the Bruins won. 
  Jess is an awesome source of one-liners. Second only to... Emily.
 “I’ll work on a better retort and get back to you.” 
  Though in the last 2 seasons, both Lorelai and Rory kind of downgraded as characters for me. (But still witty!)
  I am confusing everyone! This is breakup  where Luke broke up with her. I'm not technically up to breakup  yet.
  OK, but to be fair, THAT time he was acting like a jerk. She shouldn't have been so precipitous but I could see it coming.
 “That pathetic boat you’re in? I’m first oarsman.” 
  In the last episode it was implied that they would.
  It was something like that, yeah. It was weird. I didn't mean to insult all Mensa members, though!
  True! But this one was Luke's decision.
 So I know this Luke-Lorelai breakup is necessary for dramatic tension, but… it makes no sense.  (This is breakup  BTW)
 Now that I rewrote this entire section, I've decided that the first version flows better.  
  I think it's fine if it's in a bio - I meant more re leading off with it when you introduce yourself to ppl. (Also, cool!)
 I'm just saying, maybe this is s/t you should let people discover on their own.
 That's not entirely true. It also tells me they feel the need to tell ppl. about it.
 So when s/o tells me they're a member of Mensa, the main thing it tells me about them is that they bothered to become a member of Mensa.
 RT  Check out our interview with Hilari Bell, author of TRICKSTER'S GIRL: 
  While you're there, you should tweet random things so we all have to wonder which ms you're talking about.  
 RT  What do SHIVER by  SUPERNATURALLY by  NIGHTSPELL by  have in common??  ...
 RT  On the blog guest post from  author of Mistwood and Nightspell  
  Thank you!
  Ha, I love that that's the new descriptor. "Like he stepped out of a YA novel."
 “I already saw 30 ppl I know whose names I can’t remember, & 40 ppl I don’t know but who will expect me to know them anyhow.” 
 “Focus, please.” “I am a camera.” 
  It's definitely their main strength. :)
 “Isn’t she hilarious? I never have any idea what she’s talking about, but she’s always entertaining.” 
 “You’re building a boat?” “Yes.” “Does it float?” “Well, not yet.” “Aren’t boats supposed to?” 
 “Trying to figure out what you see in me?” “Yes.” “Wait till you see me in the boots.” 
 “I thought you were going to spend the morning figuring out how to fling yourself down the stairs just hard (cont) 
 Signed copies of NIGHTSPELL & MISTWOOD now available at the Boston Prudential Center B&N & the downtown Boston Borders.
 I think my kids have caught on that if they become suddenly low-maintenance around bedtime, bedtime may be delayed.
 Did my 2-year-old really just say, "I crashed Daddy's computer?" 
 *is grateful to  for her judicious editing*   
  OK, now I'm a little scared. But I will come anyhow!   
  I CAN! So excited! Also, email me deets & I can ask to put it up on the New England fantasy events listserve.
 . *checks calendar frantically. realizes how silly this is b/c my calendar is empty - I have no life*
  See, I give up anyhow. I figure if the home is clean this time, they'll just expect it for the next playdate.
  Wait, what Boston signing? When, where?
  They are: . But like I said, the shipping is expensive!
  Oh, um, I don't do much yoga. I just... talk about it with people who do. 
 RT  On the blog: Leah Cypess - Top Five Guilty Book Secrets 
