  I went to Cafe Polonia! Great place!
 RT  Looking for assistant pastry chef at Flour! Come join our awesome group. Apply to info w resume, cover letter.
 RT   27th Annual Mass. Tomato Contest Aug 22 at Boston City Hall Farmers Market 
 Where are your favorite lunch places in Salem MA? I need some recs!
  Thanks for reading my blog! I can't stop talking about Juggle - a must-read for everyone passionate about anything.
 We need a Julie Kim in Boston. What Happens When You Put a Coffee Table at a Bus Stop?  ( stuff)
 Can't wait! RT  Big BFB news: relaunch in progress - full-fledged social network in the works!
 Staying passionate as a working professional 
 Lots of Monday positivity on Twitter. Feeling optimistic as well. I think it's the much-appreciated cool air!
 RT  Love is an ice cream sundae, with all the marvelous coverings & YOU my dear are the cherry on top."~Jimmy Dean
 Already missing crepes at Ravenous. On my list of breakfasts for the week: crepes 
 Did you know lobstermen/women put 'V' notch in egg-laying females' tails so other people won't kill it? Thanks PBS.
 Thanks  for featuring my Ravenous review in the newsletter this morning! www.eatingplaces.wordpress.com
 Men who eat mangoes, avocados have stronger sperm: study  via 
 Agreed! RT   lists Boston's Best Guide to Cooking Classes In the Hub. Topping the list  
 RT  Use color as a guide to wine pairing: Pair reds with red meats, whites with fish, and rose wines with undercooked chic ...
  Gazpacho! Doesn't taste much like cucumbers once you combine everything.
  I'm loving your blog! I somehow JUST found your April post from Cupcake Camp & I look forward to following.
 RT  Looking for some Brazilian treats that are budget friendly? Check out Bom Cafe in Inman Square! 
  15 new food trucks in  announced. Super excited, but where are the tacos?!
 Excellent! RT  Steps to a safer home: Plastic Free Cooking and Food Storage: 
 Thank you  peach yogurt for being full of protein, non-fat, and completely delicious
 On Google+...let's get some collaboration going!
  Thanks for the 
 Crepes & Pommes Frites at Ravenous 
 RT  10 Awesome Places To Eat Outside in Boston [Images] 
 First  experience! Plain Eurotart & Lavender Honey w mochi & toasted coconut 
 Vegetarian night on MasterChef. This Is my challenge!
 Ew. RT  Infographic: Americans will consume 155 million hot dogs this 4th of July weekend 
 I just took the   Pledge and hope you will too. 
 RT  Nothing says July 4th in Boston like Chowderfest! Get over to City Hall Plaza today to help pick the city's best cho ...
 Slowly enjoying Molly O'Neill's 'Mostly True'. I'm so mature- when I was young I'd stop reading if I didn't love the first 15 pgs.
 Def right :) RT  I just had ice cream for lunch at 7:10 PM. I'm either doing it extremely right or extremely wrong.
 RT  MOVIE FOOD SHOCKER: An 8-oz bag of Reese's Pieces has 1107 calories, 2 days of saturated fat & 29 spoonfuls of sugar!
 RT  Guess what we learned yesterday? Free acupuncture on Thursday evenings! 
 RT  NEWS: Food stamp usage doubles in Cambridge in recent years 
  So true! But maybe a delicious fruit salad would win a few?
 I just want to get home and eat fish & risotto. So many unhealthy temptations in the world!
  I still need to make it over there. What's your favorite dish?
 Brined the chicken before baking with a tomato chipotle sauce...such a difference, so moist!
 RT  Come to "Cocktail Cupcake Happy Hour" Monday, June 27 from 5-8 
 Maybe Sunday night won't end if I keep cooking and snacking...I love weekends.
 Job Searching Takes Time 
 RT  Love food trucks & Twitter? Get to know these 16 food trucks that serve tweetable eats - 
 RT  Best. Summer. Ever: Check out the fests going down this weekend 
 RT  Grubwithus Boston: Launch Party Tomorrow Night at Vintage Lounge 
 RT  Win 2 tix to drink wine at  A Night in Lisbon this Thursday. RT to enter - drawing 8pm 
 Can't wait! RT   Let's Talk About Food Festival at   (via 
 RT  see you this saturday at  Let's Talk About Food Festival at   (via  ...
 RT  Organic farming guru's daughter shares story 
 RT  Between now and 9:40PM EST, all of the GO LOCAL WEEK   will be released!  Search the  hash ...
 Making time for some early exercise before another interview. Having a job & applying for one = two jobs!
 RT  Freedgood: 30% of farm operators are 65 or older. An aging rural population. 
 RT  Just in time for strawberries: The Pick-Your-Own guides are here:  
 RT   TONIGHT burrito & beer pairing to FIGHT CANCER. $25=2 hours of eating & drinking 
 Sustainability AND local food, perfect combo RT  Small Farm Tourism  
 How many calories in a Mike's canolli? ...all in my stomach right now, so good.
 Sometimes it's good to be a tourist in your own city!  
  Not at the conference, just enjoying the article. Hope it's a great time though!
 RT  Great perspective from  on the importance of food writers & the need for balanced reporting.  ...
 RT  Find a farmers' market wherever you are in Mass. this season. Bookmark our 2011 Massachusetts Farmers' Markets guide: ht ...
 RT  One more reason to only buy from those you trust: Up to 25% of fish is mislabeled 
 RT  TONIGHT! Meet awesome folks who care about youth  Lir, 6-10pm  Use  during event
 Dangerous! RT  Smolak Farms NAndover celebrates Doughnut Day Festival June 3-5  
 Great, discovered another delish limited batch flavor of ben & jerry's ice cream. Why?! 
 Pulled pork tonight. Hardest part: waiting for the slow cooker while my whole apartment smells amazing.
 Second time to Curry Thai in Cambridge this week...addicted to drunken noodles.
 Found clover at south station!  
 RT  Are you registered to ‘Have a Beer at Lir’ on 5/26? Support youth mentoring!  
 Finally had dessert at Max Brenner. That's a lot of chocolate.
 Good to be on my way home from Mexico, but already miss drinks, chips & guac on the beach. Back to the grind tm!
 RT  Just announced: Benefit for youth mentoring  Lir Pub on Boylston, 5/26, 6-10pm  
 RT  Wonton soup success! 
 Dinner tonight: Wonton Soup. Wish me luck, this is uncharted territory.
  :) Everyone seems so nice from the town meeting I watched online
  Mayfair WAS a great time - my first one - fun day!
 Love that show RT  on "Los Angeles" episode of Food(ography)   TONIGHT! /via 
 So excited to eat lots of food at the Mayfair Fest in Harvard Square today:12-6. It's a beautiful day!
 Putting chia seed gel in everything, including plain Greek yogurt w/ blueberries & honey. How do you use chia seeds?
 RT  Hey all, today were open from 11-4.  Serving up everyone celebrating MIT 150, stop by if your in the area.
  LOVE the butterfish 
 A year ago on EatingPlaces: Scottish Cranberry Scones 
 Horseradish is so easy & inexpensive to make! Anyone have a good recipe that uses some horseradish?
  every time I eat it I dislike it for the first bite and then I like it again. So weird!
 Made smoothie w mixed frozen berries, splash of oj, and CHIA seed gel. So good. Froze some for sorbet tm.
 RT  It's spring! Ie event season. Serving up Mama Chang's dumplings to benefit Rosies Place tonite at Symphony Hall. Grea ...
 RT  Good paddy harvest expected in  but inflation keep prices high: 50% of incomes to food 
 RT  Well done  ARMY! new  superintendent announces no more chocolate milk in schools 
 RT  Pretzels are so underrated! RT  National Pretzel Day! Did you know  were invented by monks?
 RT  It's time to make friends with the produce aisle....Heart Disease death rate drops w/ each Fruit & Veggie Serving htt ...
  Excellent question, I'm looking for a job!
 FREE Jamba Juice energy drink giveaway at Harvard Sq right now!
 Lots of talk about  mag shutting down  via  I want to move to Mill Valley! 
 RT  Snow gone. Grass green. Sun shining. Radiant Easter morning. Pink deviled eggs, fluffy saffron yolks, set on a bright tu ...
  Good idea! Thank you!
 Make that sauteed...
 Making beer bread tonight with a chocolate stout. Do you have a rec on add-ins? Sauted veggies, cheese, herb combos?
  I LOVE those eggs. I can't wait to hear how it comes out!
 Full-bodied oysters, juicy scallops...can't stop thinking about dinner  last night!
 RT  Easter Treats & Recipes From Around The World  via 
 Sad sad day RT  Northeastern students vote Dunkin' Donuts best coffee on campus 
 RT  Dim Sum 101, another excellent primer from  with appetizing slideshow: 
 RT  Next HarpoonFest starts one month from today, Friday May 2oth at 5 PM. Great beer, live bands, and all of your frie ...
  Thanks for tweeting this! Looks like a great event, can't wait to go.
 Second Course: Patricia Yeo's Om  via 
 Cooking with kids & contributions to positive physical development: 
 Follow the leader: Menu development for kids  via 
 Via  Harnessing The Senses To Trick The Palate And Improve Health | 
 Part 2: When Kids Cook 
  I do! Acorn Squash & Lentil Soup: 
 Soup tip: make HUGE pot & freeze half. Just broke into my curried lentil soup from last month - tastes like I made it this morning!
 RT  TOMORROW: Watch an all new No Reservations in Boston at 9PM E/P and chat with Tony LIVE on Twitter! 
 Successful trip to  bought chia seeds (thanks  quinoa, Pink Lady apples...healthy week coming up!
 Can't wait! RT  American Craft  Fest (June 3 & 4,    
 Love food event pics RT  Read my recap of Taste of the Nation: Great Food, Great Drink, Greater Cause 
 Watching  on Arthur. Best episode ever.
  Thank you!
 I'm on the search for chia seeds in the Boston area. Where should I go?
 These are great - a few new ones for me! RT  Gorgeous stuff: 5 Beautifully Photographed Food Blogs 
  Great to see you at  Can't wait to see your pics!
  Great to meet you at 
 Thanks for the cupcakes!     
 RT  Excited for  tonight with     and   ...
  is getting busy! Smells delish!
 RT  Great article about CupcakeCamp today in the Somerville News!  
  I look forward to sampling the cupcakes tm!
 Baking Nigella's 'Night and Day'  for  tomorrow. Can't wait!!
 RT  (love this... Bourdain in possible food coma next to Adria)  
 RT  Beginners guide to Belgian beer  
 My kind of dish RT  Blood sausage cake, egg & oysters!!  
  Thanks for the  have a great weekend!
 YES! RT Can you help get the word out on  Kickstarter campaign?  via 
 Reading   at the beach. This is a good food week.
 RT  Check out my recap of last Friday's  event! 
 RT    Cooking For A Cause 2011 
 RT  I just got Gwyneth Paltrow's new cookbook, and I have to say it's very illuminating. That's because I set it on fire.
 RT  Pinkberry serving free swirls tonight for Harvard Square opening - 
 Picked up   today. Love it already.
 Ate about 4 dozen steamed oysters. Reason to love South Carolina: I can see where oysters are farmed from restaurant window.
 Grab your calendar! Ben & Jerry’s Free Ice Cream Cone Day on Tuesday, April 12!  via 
 RT  Making some progress! RT SNAP gets SNAPier:  /via 
 RT  Morons: NYC Health Department cracks down on French fries 
 Rice pudding is kind of healthy. It's in that almost-a-meal category...rice & milk is healthy...
 Dosas are perfect for on-the-go RT  More trucks to be zipping around come June, including our  truck! /via 
  Looks awesome, thank you!
 Appreciating food origins -> Making chocolate a conscious choice in my diet    /
 RT  All-Star Chefs Create Digital Cookbook to Help  - 
 Majorly craving oysters...raw (super fresh) oysters. Where in the Myrtle Beach area should I go?
  Loved learning about cala on Food(ography) tonight!
  Cupcake Wars is SO GOOD! I just watched it for the first time tonight.
  Where is the ricotta gnocchi recipe? I need to try that!!
 Cupcake Wars makes me want to work at a bakery, and go cupcake tasting!
  Thanks for the pics of Cooking for a Cause. I always have my camera at events like this, so I was glad you had it covered!
 Overview of  from  (w/ lots of pics!) 
 RT  Great info RT  Blog Post: What's so crafty about craft beer? 
 RT  New 4 piece chicken tender from BK for only $1. And therein, my friends, lies the problem with the world.
 Hey   folks: what are some good  in the area?
 A year ago today on EatingPlaces: 
 I could watch   for days, but come on chefs,  is awesome.
 Great night at  - amazing people in the  /  areas. Wish I could have met EVERYONE!
 RT  Pictures from  - Boston, MA  
 Can't wait to see some wonderful folks at  tonight!
 Reasons to encourage your (or any) kids in the kitchen: www.eatingplaces.wordpress.com
 I just complained about my 63-minute-late post and, without any of my doing, it posted 1 min later. WHAT?!
 When Kids Cook: Part 1 
  Where's my blog post I so perfectly scheduled for 7:30? Where's my twitter post?! 
  Finally found a replacement for the Upper Crust... thank goodness for Otto in Harvard Square!
  Congrats! How exciting!
 Hey foodies: want to review a restaurant w/  on  Check out the  
 Good tips to remember RT  Today's Kitchen Query: too soft biscotti 
 Love the vid, love  Flour: The Story of the Sweetness Behind the Treats  (video  /
 I'm not one to brag...but these matzo balls are looking quite yummy! 
 These look delish. The Daily Dish: Hot and Spicy Wings from Ming Tsai.  /via 
 Plans for matzo ball soup tonight & forgot to thaw chicken for stock. Any meat-thawing tricks out there? 
 RT  Today is the last day to register to bring cupcakes. Bringing cupcakes gains you immediate entry to the event.  http ...
  This is officially a  reunion! See you 
 Friday is going to be a PARTY.  AND  attending  Can't wait to see you!
 RT  Make your own lightbox at home! 
 Come to   & win Iron Chef-style comp  w/  &  
 RT  Hurry and register! We're extending the deadline by just two days. You now have till Wed to register to bring cupcak ...
 Best way to escape  cold? Win  vacation at   
 Win 2 tix  vs  game, dinner  AND night  at   
 Last day to register for  on 4/13 
 Win tickets to  from    
  Mmm that sounds awesome. I love a big Sunday night meal that I can bring to work during the week!
  me too!! I couldn't hold back the tears.
 Registered for  & bringing  Night-and-Day Cupcakes 
 RT  Win 1 of 4 $10  for coffee and pastries at Athan's Bakery. RT to enter - drawing at 9pm. 
 Slow-cooked chili 
 Slow-cooker chili smells SO good. Does it really need to cook for 2 more hours? 
 RT  Last day to win! Twitter GIVEAWAY! Follow  and RT to win a Signed Copy of Our Book   
 Mmm, if I'm ever in Barcelona - Federal Café by Barbara Appolloni  via 
 RT  {New Post at A Thought For Food} Silent Sunday:Island Creek Oyster Bar   
 Another reason I can't wait to visit Mexico RT  Me happy breakfast : Sopa, Chile rellanos  
 Most-zen fast-food restaurant I've ever seen - Wienerwald restaurant by Ippolito Fleitz Group  via 
 RT  30 to go! Twitter-only GIVEAWAY! Follow  and RT this to win a Signed Copy of Our Book  
 RT  Fellow foodies! Enter my spring   $25 Gift Card & featured blog post for winner 
  Thanks for the  & see you at  next week!
  Thanks for the  have a great weekend!
  Sounds like an awesome weekend!!   AND 
