  Thanks for the kind words!
   thanks for the  RT!
  did you come on by for 
 The cure for sweltering heat? Sangria Sunday. $3 a glass. All day. Come in and cool down.
 Happy weekend! Come by for a light lunch or coffee! We are here to serve you. (and we cater well to whims!)
 It's Fierce Friday! Join Fierce Fire Brands today in store from 11 AM-2 PM for a tasting that will knock your... 
 This Just In: Oakville to Host $5 Pasta Dinner! Join us for Monsoon Monday on August 1! $5 for pasta, garlic bread and wine!
 Rise and Shine Phoenix! We're curious--do you drink hot coffee/tea in this heat?
 It's easy being green--check out our EPA award! Thanks for the article  
 Local and delish! Try China Mist bottled Iced Tea with your lunch today! 
 These adorable bow-tie pastas from M5 International Fine Foods bring new meaning to the phrase "Black Tie Dinner."... 
 Thanks for the kind write-up CenPho Food! 
 Join us for Sangria Sunday in the wine bar! $3 a glass, all day! You know you're thirsty!
 What day of the week do you typically grocery shop? (ps. It's Saturday! Hooray!)
 Congrats on your official launch  We are so glad to be working with you and your awesome product!
 Check out this after school snack...goes great with a "juice box" of Pinot Grigio in this weather...Happy Hour in... 
  we're sending you an espresso scented air kiss! :) Sorry we can't text or DM you a cappuccino. :)
 Say hello to our mini cappuccino friend. HAPPY FRIDAY! 
 I posted 10 photos on Facebook in the album "CityScape Store: A View from the Inside!" 
 Keep in touch! Sign up for our email newsletter for specials and delicious tidbits of joy! Click here! 
 Hey-o! We are 3 fans away from 1000 on Facebook. Help a bunny out! Like us on Facebook. We'll love you back! Facebook.com/oakvillegroceryaz
  handcrafted by our friends at  ! We promise they are worth every penny!
 Parched? Come in for an iced tea flavored with our newest Monin Syrup--Lemongrass. We're inventive over here. Stop... 
 Dinner plans tonight? Make some ready risotto for 1 or a crowd! Either way bask in the deliciousness! 
 Ole! Our Friends from T & D Salsa will sample their spicy goodness tomorrow in-store from 11AM-2PM. Come join us! 
 Monday morning blahs? Let this baby work for you.... 
 Need a coffee? Come in this morning for our wide array of beverages! Think of us as a caffeination station.
 Thought this photo was worth resharing!  
 Saturday grocery shopping? We've got the basics, specialty items and more! Plus you can sip the bubbly while you shop!
 Who's thirsty? Is it 5 yet? Come on by the wine bar for the happiest hour of the week for great specials!
 Don't forget the milk again! Stop into Oakville Grocery after work and stock up on grocery essentials (and maybe a... 
 Feelin' cheesy? Come in tomorrow between 10 AM- 2 PM to sample Copper Creek Cheesecake! Local! Artisan! Delish! 
 This Pepsi is calling your name and for only $6.99 for a 36 pack, you can afford to answer the call! 
 DEAL ALERT: 36-pack Pepsi or Diet Pepsi for $6.99--it's SMOKIN'! Come on down!
 Did you know we carry some amazing local products? Stop in and check them out!
 PHOENIX FREE FOOD ALERT: Come by tomorrow from 3-6 PM for a free sample of Pop Chips! 
  I find rose as beneficial in this heat as H20...
 Ahhhh....rose. 
 Come on in for our chocolate moose!! 
 Friday Friday FriDAY! What beverage of choice will you sample come 5 pm!?
 Thanks  for spying. We spied you too...but are glad you came by! 
 We're thinking it's a rose kind of day...stop in for one by the glass!
 A big thank you to ONE Community for a fabulous event tonight! We are here to support you and your efforts!
 Do you like blue cheese?
 RT  What are the best, most affordable transportation options to get you to and from events for All Star weekend?
 Happy Day! It's hot and humid! Cool down with an iced tea or lemonade! We are here for you downtown Phoenix!
 Happy 4th of July everyone!! Cheers to a great day and our independence!
 Want local products? Pick up a bottle of Fierce Fire Brands,  spice mix,  macarons and over 200 more!
 Happy Saturday! What's on the menu today?
  Thank you!! We appreciate you!
  we're working on the cheese description thing! :)
 RT  I posted 30 photos on Facebook in the album "Oakville Grocery Co.'s Grand Opening" 
  Great to meet you today!!!
  Thanks RJ!!
  glad you made it in!!
 Awesome photos from our friends at CityScape!!! 
 Happy Friday! The store is hopping just like our bunny! Cool off with cold pasta salad, hummus and iced tea!
  nice. I'm a big fan of the  pink. Big fan.
 We appreciate all the support, media and feedback! Thanks for making our opening day a smashing success!!!! Hugs from the Bunny!
  Thanks for coming in! Hope you enjoyed!
  we agree! We're working hard on it! Thx for feedback and patience!
  Thank you!
  send us any suggestions! We are open to hearing it all!
  thank you!
  your flowers are absolutely stunning and made a great opening day splash. Thanks!
 RT  I spy...   &  wine  
  Thanks for the TP pic. 
  come on in Rhonni and meet Paul our wine guy! He ordered all the AZ wine and is fabulous!! 
  SO GLAD! Thanks for coming in!
 A very comprehensive write up from  on our opening! 
 Thanks for the write-up  Come back and indulge in sweets very soon! 
 A first look at our opening from Chow Bella! Thanks for the coverage.  
 Thank you to everyone who has come in so far today!! It's been great!
        Thanks for the well wishes!
 It's official! We are NOW OPEN! Come one, come all!
 T-12 Hours until we are open for biz! Slight error on AZ Republic story--we open at 10 am! See you then!
 Thanks for the coverage  Glad you liked our sense of humor regarding um....TP...! 
 Mayor Gordon Announces Our Big Day! via Phoenix Biz Journal 
 Come in this Thursday at 10 AM to check out the store! Free parking underground--enter garage off Jefferson! Bring ticket to validate!
 So exited to launch new local product Fierce Fire Brands Fire Fruit Nectar in store! Check it out! 
 Mayor Phil Gordon and GM Victoria during the press conference today! 
 It feels pretty rad to be a trending topic today! Thanks everyone for the love!
  Hooray! We'll see you then!
   THANKS!
  Oh no mocking meant! We're just jigged up!!
 Thanks for the RT  !
  our downtown Phoenix location will open this Thursday!
  come on down Thursday and check us out!
 RT  Downtown success stories  
 BREAKING NEWS: We will be open for business this Thursday, June 30 at 10 AM! Come on down! Thanks  for... 
  The recap will be on 5, 10, 15 and Channel 3. Also look for stories in the AZ republic and online!
 Looking forward to  's big announcement at 12 noon!
    will announce at 12 noon!
 Join us for a summer water drive to benefit St. Mary's Food Bank! 
 A lovely selection of local wine... 
 We've got TOILET PAPER! ooooo ahhhhhh!!!!! 
 We've got gourmet chips! 
 We've got Fritos... 
 We are very excited to make a special announcement on Monday, June 27th with Mayor Phil Gordon! Stay tuned...
 The store looks fabulous--almost stocked completely! We can't wait for you all to see what we've been up to! Soon!!
  We'd love to have you swing by and say hello once we are open...thanks for the well wishes.
  Actually we've done some major planning, research, demographic studies etc. I'd say we're quite ready. 
 We're gearing up for some exciting news....hint, hint.
 What is your favorite summer wine?
 What's the father in your life's favorite meal?
 Breakfast battle: Chocolate chip pancakes or banana bread?
 What organic products do you buy?
 As the sun beats down: Do you prefer water, gatorade or other drinks to stay hydrated?
 Do you purchase pre-made sushi rolls at the grocery store or do you prefer fresh made in front of you?
  you are the 2nd person to tell me about  tapenade!
  if you were stranded on a remote island and could only have one or the other...
  you hate olives eh?
 Happy Monday friends! Burning question: chocolate chip or peanut butter cookie?
 Do you like olive tapanade or pesto better?
    Thanks for the tweets! I want a wrap!
  Thanks for kind 
 Grab & Go Lunch Question: Cold Wrap or Salad?
 Do you prefer ranch or Italian salad dressing?
 I posted 12 photos on Facebook in the album "CityScape Construction: Final Phase" 
 The store looks great! Photos this afternoon!!
 .  OH ! We can't wait to carry your product in store!
  Thanks! We hope to see you there!
 Do you use more olive oil or balsamic vinegar in your cooking?
  we are actually going to carry Cahill's Irish Whiskey Cheddar & a Port. Perhaps Kerrygold down the road!
  Thanks Ty. We'll make sure to invite you in for cheese and other tempting treats.
  diff price points, products and we have done massive research on our target demos. Nothing like Scottsdale.
  do we think downtown is a better demographic for us you mean? Our downtown location will be very diff from Scottsdale
 What's your favorite pizza toppings? (Our pizza oven is now installed hooray!)
  Sources say you are in the market for some cheese? We open this month and will have a wide array for you to choose from.
 Would you rather have eggs Benedict or a frittata!?
 Ever been to Oakville in Napa? Here's a little about our history! 
 Are you more of a muffin or croissant person?
 Oh, my!! Your bunny is SO cute!! (healthy, too)RT   I'm also a bunny freak! I adopted one :)  
  Bunnies ARE pretty awesome!! Love that you're a mustard freak!
  Yellow mustard or spicy mustard?
 What is the one condiment you cannot live without?
 We find ourselves dreaming of macarons... What's your favorite flavor? 
 Happy Memorial Day!
  Thanks for the  back at you! Have a great weekend!
 Happy Memorial Day weekend! What will you be throwing on the grill this weekend?
 If you could only eat one kind of cheese for the rest of your life, what would it be?
  We appreciate the heads-up! Let us know if there are any local  items you like! 
  Wow. That's not good!  
 What are some of your favorite  products?  
 Do you like sandwiches on regular sliced bread; thick, crusty bread; or a wrap?
 Craving something sweet... Cookies or cake?
 Sunday funday! Mimosa or bloody mary?
 You have crackers--what do you top them with?
  Haha, we will! (& some other stuff, too!)
  At the end of the month--we're excited to have you come check us out!
  Sounds delicious! You're making me hungry!
  How do you like to prepare your regular pasta?
  Wow! That salad sounds delicious!
 Do you enjoy regular or whole-wheat pasta?
 What are some of your favorite salad ingredients & dressing?
 Your stomach is growling & you don't have much time--what do you grab for lunch?
 How do you usually take your morning coffee? (Black, cream & sugar, or non-dairy creamer?)
 It's National Apple Pie Day--what is your favorite kind of pie?
 We are expecting to open our doors in downtown  by June 1, not by May 20th as had been reported earlier today.
 MEDIA: We have not set a firm opening date yet but are nearing completion. Stay tuned!
 The end of a long day. What's for dinner?
 Getting close to lunchtime... What will you have for lunch today?
  So delicious!
 Happy Monday! Are there any snacks that you rely on to help make your Monday a little brighter?
 Did you watch the Kentucky Derby today? Even if you didn't, we hope you enjoyed a mint julep (responsibly, of course)!
 Do you like to grab a snack with your morning coffee? What grab-n-go breakfast items do you enjoy most?
 Do you like to grab a snack with your morning  What grab-n-go  items do you enjoy most? 
 Thanks for helping us reach 800 likes on Facebook!! Join our family and follow us on twitter 
  Of course!
 Do you enjoy 'stinky' cheeses like bleu cheese, gouda, etc.? What do you eat with it?
  Sounds delicious!
  Any specific flavors, or do you just enjoy ice cream in general? :-) 
 Do you stop by the store on your way home from work? What are some items you seem to need the most?
    Thanks for all the support--we can't wait to open!
  Thank you--we look forward to seeing you when we open!
 We are! RT  Who's excited about  coming to downtown phx?!
 RT  Shooting a story with  for 12 News &  local product search! 
  You can get 'sneak peek' info here or on our FB page: ! 
  That would be great! We're planning to open a little later this month, actually! 
  Cheese with crackers or bread is always a good option to pair with 
  We agree--cheese is always a good choice!
  Do you prefer any specific kind of cheese?
 We seem to have a lot of wine lovers! What do you like to pair with your wine (as a snack)? 
 What are some of your favorite foods for an afternoon snack?
  Good criteria! What about if the wine is just for you?
 What is the average price you are willing to pay when you purchase a bottle of wine to take home?
 For those of you in a hurry, what kinds of foods do you like for a 'grab & go' lunch?
 We're hiring TODAY at our Job Fair. 50 W. Jefferson until 3 PM! Come on down!
    Thanks for the cheeseback er...feedback. :)
  noted!
 Shelf stocking research: What's your favorite type or brand of cheese?
 Great coverage on Fox 10 evening news tonight! Thanks  
 Love from  on our local product campaign! 
 What's your favorite coffee drink?
 For those of you following us on Oakville Grocery - Arizona, please follow us here at Oakville Grocery Company... 
 We're planning to go to a couple more farmer's markets this wknd to find some great local vendors! Who are some of your favorite vendors?
 Thanks  for the coverage on our local product initiative! 
  Yes, we like  too!
  Before it gets too hot here's a list of Valley farmers markets  via 
 Friends following our page at Oakville Grocery - Arizona: Please 'like' Oakville Grocery Company Arizona for the... 
 What is your favorite farmer's market in the  area?
 Had a great time today  meeting w/ some local food vendors--hoping to meet more next week when the weather is clear!
 We've ordering food for the store! Exciting!
 We're downtown Phoenix today for D'Backs opening day tailgate party! Come try a delicious grilled treat! We'll be here all night!
 RT  Baseball fever?  Opening Day & festivities begin at 11a  Game time is 6:40. 
 Seeking  food products for our new store! Email product info to info to be considered! Plz RT! 
   cured meats make life at least 10% better. No lap jumping necessary.
  things are picking up speed. Hope to announce a date very soon!  
  barolo, wild boar, tartufo and others...yum!
 Ask and you shall receive  order for some  meat goodness this week!
 We're loving our new slick website! Check it out! 
 working on our new website! Fun times for everyone!
 Got a great product? We want to sample it! Check this out! 
 There's still time to submit your amazing local product for a spot on our store shelves! Make your own cheese?... 
  we are looking at the last week of April currently.
 Check out Dave this morning on Sonoran Living! Great segment! 
 We'll be on Sonoran Living tomorrow between 11-12 talking local products! Check us out ABC 15 in Phoenix!... 
  we are excited!!
  we are relocating downtown and very excited for the change!
 We are super excited about our new store in downtown. Local focus, Farmer's Market feel.
 Got a great local food product? Want to sell it on our shelves? Send us your product info and contact info! info
  duly noted.  has a new line of stuff we tasted at the Fancy Food Show...mmm...wild boar sausage.
   and a plethora of cheese. We love cheese. :)
   we'll offer produce, eggs, milk, toilet paper etc. at the new location. And much more.
   we are sensitive to downtown's need 4 an actual grocery store. I think you'll be pleasantly surprised by product mix.
 We are excited for our spring debut at City Scape! Thanks  for the coverage! 
  send us a DM and we'll see what we can do!
 construction is moving along! We are so excited!
 Went by the store Today..looking great
 We laid the floor at Oakville Grocery at Cityscape in downtown Phoenix Today. Construction is goingright according to plan
 3 Hour Oakville Grocery Clearance Sale 16th  via 
 FINAL DAY Oakville Grocery Clearance Sale 15th  via 
 FINAL DAY Oakville Grocery Clearance Sale 15th  via 
 Come in for 40% off clearance sale at Oakville on all grocery including olive oil, cheese, charcuterie,... 
 Come join us for awesome deals on wine, cheese, charcuterie, and grocery! 
 Oakville Grocery Clearance Sale 13th, 14th, and 15th  via 
   funny..have not heard that yet?
   thats news to us!
 The incomprable music stylings of Mike in the store tomorrow..Steely Dan never sounded so good. Also, bring the... 
 Portabello Foods, Simply Bread, and local-made gourmet 2 daughters 1 dad horseradish will be sampling in-store... 
 Kelly and David will be catering fare and wine and singing Christmas Carols at the new awesome Boutique in... 
 Order your Holiday Foods from Oakville Grocery and take it easy this year  via 
 Last chance to RSVP with David Johnson for Jerry Comfort cheese wine matching class Dec 7 at 6... 
 Dont miss Jerry Comfort cheese wine matching class on Thuesday at 6 PM. RSVP with djohnson 
 Last call for Jerry Comfort Wine - Cheese Matching Class  via 
 Vote for for us for Best wine bar online! 
 vote Oakville Best Wine Bar  via 
 Vote for Oakville Grocery as best wine bar in AZ Foothills M...  via 
 Get your Thanksgiving Pies at Oakville Grocery....Pecan, Pumpkin and Apple from our pâtissière, Heather..her pies... 
 It's not too late to let us handle Thanksgiving Dinner!!  via 
 We love Eastern European wines at Oakville! Goes great with Thanksgiving! 
 Eastern European wines newest drinking trend in the Valley  via 
 Vote for Oakville Grocery as best wine bar in AZ Foothills M...  via 
 Thanksgiving Dinner from our kitchen to your table! 
 Thanksgiving Dinner: From our kitchen to your table!  via 
 Wine School with Dave on Chow Bella! 
 Hey since you are in the mood to vote Today..how about you cast a ballot for the winebar with the Bunny - Oakville... 
 vote for Oakville Grocery at 
 Please vote for us as best wine bar 
 Please vote for us in the new Arizona Foothills Magazine poll for best wine bar! We could use some more print... 
  I cannot wait to turn your hubby into an enophile
 I posted 11 photos on Facebook in the album "Wine Tasting Events" 
 Check out my tasting with Sokol Blosser
 Toffee and Wine events in this week's newsletter! 
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "Wine Tasting Events" 
 Great stuff in this weeks' newsletter! Check it out! 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Inaugural Men's Wild Hare Wine Club Event" 
 is excited to host Brenda Boychuk from J. Lohr Vineyards at Wine Tasting class on Thursday, September 2 at 6:00... 
 I posted 18 photos on Facebook in the album "Wine Tasting Events" 
 
 Dave's recipes I used for white sangria recipes on Sonoran Living this morning! 
 See David make his famous white sangrias Sonoran Living on ABC 15 in Phoenix between 11AM and 12PM!
 Catch us live tomorrow on Sonoran Living on ABC 15 in Phoenix between 11AM and 12PM! Makin' Sangria!
 Come have a "Eureka Moment" with wine at Oakville with Dave! 
 RT  Wine Talk: David Johnson of Oakville Grocery Co. 
 RT  Chef Walter Sterling's Chilled Avocado and Lime Soup 
 Thank you  for the awesome write up on Chef Walter Sterling and for the recipe inclusion! 
 Chef Walter Interview with Chow Bella 
 
 RT  Chef Talk: Walter Sterling of Oakville Grocery Co., Part Two 
 RT  Chef Talk: Walter Sterling of Oakville Grocery Co. 
 Arizona wine school filling up fast...RSVP to djohnson for tomorrow nights tasting at 6 PM
 I posted 7 photos on Facebook in the album "Wine Tasting Events" 
 Great Northern Arizona wine tasting at OG Wine Scool on Thurday...see you there!
 We always carry authentic Extra Virgin Olive Oil brands from producers with integrity. Make your next olive oil... 
 Our first Aussie/Kiwi wine tasting of the will be this tomorrow at 6 PM at Oakville Grocery in Scottsdale. Hope to see you there!
 Barbara beyond the looking glass...a wine glass! 
 I posted 11 photos on Facebook in the album "Wine Tasting Events" 
 Check out this week's newsletter! Great wine school tomorrow night! Don't miss it! 
 David hosts legendary sommelier Dale Sparks on Thursday wine school featuring German and Austrian wines. RSVP... 
 Plenty of delicious Pork products at Oakville Grocery! 
 Enjoy the history of the Sommelier by our sommelier, David M. Johnson 
 Check out this week's Oakville Newsletter! Great recipes and events! 
 I posted 79 photos on Facebook in the album "Wine Tasting Events" 
 Cannot wait until Sandra Kush presents her Paso Robles wines to us on Thursday at Summer wine school at 6 PM. If... 
 Come join Dave in the wine bar tonight for the Top Chef viewing party at 6 PM. Chef Carlos is making us various... 
 I posted 19 photos on Facebook in the album "Food yum!" 
 This was last week's Wine Summer School class on Spanish Wine taught by our Sommelier, David Johnson. This week,... 
 Join us on Wednesday for Top Chef at 6 to 8, and Southern Arizona Wines will be feature of Summer Wine School on... 
 Join David for Summer Wine School for Spanish Wines and Paella at 6 PM on Thurday, July 8
 TOP CHEF viewing party, tonight, 6 p.m. with DJ! Terlato Pinot Grigio and Seven Daugters Red...Come See Us!
 Summer School? The BEST kind: WINE! Check out this week's newsletter! 
 Cheese Delivery! Some favorites just landed: Crescenza, Picandou, St. Marcellin, Widmer 10-Year & Raclette to name drop a few...
 Let us do the cookin'! Happy 4th of July Weekend! 
 Italian wine and Lasagna tonight at David's Italian Wine Class at 6:00 PM at Oakville Grocery. Hope to see you then!
 Bummed.....treat yourself to Heather's Truffles 
 Goooooooooooaaaaaaaaaalllllll........................USA! USA! USA! USA! 
 One More half to go, come cheer on the USA and drink some great South African wine 
 Another half to go...come join Simon and I and try some great South African Wines and Piri Piri chicken 
 Come watch the USA defeat Ghana tomorrow at 11:30 AM and drink great South African wines! 
 Come be a part of this exciting celebration at Oakville Grocery as we cheer on the USA to beat Ghana in the match... 
 
 The iPhone revolution has come to the Scottsdale Quarter! We're providing sliders, smoothies, and bites to all of... 
 South African Wine School 6 to 8 PM on Thursday from 6:00 to 8:00 PM RSVP with David Johnson at... 
 Saturday: We're Grilling Out for Dad! $2 Burgers, Hot Dogs & Sausage outside on the patio! Beer Tasting inside! 
 Join us for Summer School, this Thursday, 6 - 8 p.m. with David Johnson. This week's subject: Summer Ales. 
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "Speck and Italian Beer" 
 They're Back! 
 
 Summer School Starts Tonight  6 p.m., featuring South American Wines from Uruguay, Argentina & Chile! 
 Tonight: Arizona's Finest for Cystic Fibrosis is at the store, 5:30 - 7 p.m. 
 This Thursday, Summer School Begins with DJ! This Week: South American Wines! 
 
 
 is very excited to host ONE Community tomorrow night for First Monday at Oakville Grocery  !! 
 Get your customized wine gift box at Oakville Grocery at Scottsdale Quarter
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Food yum!" 
 Catering two summer parties next weekend - when is yours? 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Food yum!" 
 I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "Food yum!" 
 
 ... 
 Do not miss Becca Cherry of Bouchaine Vineyards on May 27, Thursday between 6 and 8 PM. RSVP Today! 
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "Brie Torts" 
 Just in: Burrata, Petit Billy, Fleur Vert, Stinking Bishop, all Cowgirl Creamery! 
 I posted 17 photos on Facebook in the album "Scooped, Sprinkled & Served" 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Oakville Staff" 
 We congratulate  on their People's Choice and Overall Grand Champion prizes! Thanks to all the great... 
 Sweet stuff!!! 
 The judges have the samples!! Ohhh feel the intensity!! 
 Ice cream mania today til 3 pm!! Yum!! Come on by!! 
 Please help us rebuild our fan base on our new and improved Facebook page! Please ask your friends to "like" us.... 
 will be on Channel 12 NBC in Phoenix this morning at 8:15 AM doing a segment on Ice Cream!! Tune in!!! 
 Our Wine Director, David M. Johnson 
 I posted 29 photos on Facebook in the album "Food yum!" 
 What's your favorite ice cream flavor? 
 I posted 18 photos on Facebook in the album "Food yum!" 
 loves  's macarons! Have you had one today? 
 Cannot wait for our Ice Cream Social tomorrow from 12-3 at our store! Taste Ice Cream from   Tracy Dempsey and more
 BIG  LOVE TO     
 Wine-based popsicles...coming up! 
 thank you  and  for 2 great events in our store today! It was our pleasure to welcome you... 
 Are you coming to our bomb-diggity Ice Cream Social this Saturday May 15 from 12-3?? 
 
  
 Come taste these Italian wines with me on Wedsnesday the 12th at 6 to 8 PM at Oakville Grocery.....RSVP at... 
 Ice Cream Sundae or Ice Cream Sandwich? 
 
 
 
 What U.S. president served ice cream at his 2nd inauguration? 
 Join me on Wednesday the 12th at 6:00 PM to taste Italian Vino's....RSVP asap as this one will sell out! 
 Italian wine tasting from 6 to 8 PM on Tuesday, May 12th....RSVP ASAP..filling up quickly 
 Hmmm....I'm thinking Ice Cream...what is your favorite? 
 Dave Johnson on the air live with Culinary Confessions! Come in for our yummy lunch special and get on the radio! 
 Mom, I want to be your favorite daughter and for you to like me more than "brother." Shopping  Oakville today! 
 Culinary Confessions Kim & Don will be live today at Oakville Grocery! Come have lunch and chat! 1/2 Sandwich and... 
 Come share a birthday glass of wine with our44 year old sommelier and wine director Taurus, David M. Johnson 
 Come in for a glass of Tannat! 
 RT  One week from today: The APRO T-30 breakfast mixer at  in Scottsdale! Details:  
 Have you spoiled your Mom yet? Check out  on TV talking about our great take out options for Mother's... 
 People we love!! Thanks Jennifer from the Oakville team! 
 Relaxing Sunday at Oakville Grocery..come join us for some cheese and wine!
 Come have a wine based mint julep and watch the Kentucky Derby with me! Plenty of Southern treats and cuisine to... 
 The Italian wine event is on a Wednesday, instead of Tuesday evening..please RSVP and we will see you there! 
 The wine tasting on the 12th is obviously a Wenesday evening. RSVP and we will see you there! 
  Trust us Tim..our Fromagere is a total trip!
 She's back! 
 I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "Galante Wine Tasting" 
 Jack Galante regaling a captive audience with wine and stories of the Carmel valley! 
 No ice cream should be w/out the salted caramel () from San Diego's Le Caramel (via 
 We took First Place at Tempe Salsa Challenge Today..our winning recipe will be at the store starting Monday...delish 
 I posted 10 photos on Facebook in the album "2010 Nana's Salsa Champions" 
  and we offer FREE WiFi..Wha?
 Thanks for the         
  I know that many red wines have high levels of the sleep hormone melatonin in the skin of the wine.
 Going to My Nana's Salsa Challenge in Tempe with Chef Walter Sterling tomorrow...come see us at our booth for a taste of our OG Salsa
 Sign says it all I think! Bring your nexium! 
 Hey salsa fans! Look for us tomorrow at My Nana's Salsa Challenge at Tempe Beach park! We're competing!  
 Just getting started at the Quintessa/Veramonte this evening. Great turnout despite the weather!! 
 Vote for me on 944 Picks 
 RSVP for Thursday evening Quintessa/Vermonte tasting Thursday and Galante of Carmel next week! 
  have you tried Andrew Lane Nouveau? 
 Just added myself to the  directory as 'Retailers'. Check out my profile: 
 OMG..so many sample treats at OG Today! I have eaten 10 beer/pretzel caramels in the last 30 minutes..I cannot stop!
 Wow!! 
  does it have to be a restaurant, Tram..what about a great gourmet grocery store and market with lovable David Johnson ;)
  no cup o' tea either, Chef!
  I would rather be Fright!
  Thanks for the FF AZCityFest
