 So, in case you missed it - Welcome, Michael Matthews. 
 Check out our newest roster addition to the DC office - 
  Harnesses the Power of Social Media 
 RBSC VP Bench holds court at HKS speaking on Foreign Investment Promotion Best Practices to commerce ministers & c 
 If data breaches are the name of the game, don't be played...be prepared 
 Larry Rasky on VP Biden & fundraising in yesterday’s great Politico piece. Check it out. 
 Great minds think alike! Coke’s new Freestyle machine similar in concept to  Ice Creamery Machine. 
 RBSC CEO, Ann Carter, reflects on most recent media interview. Check out RBlog to see what she has to say... 
 Can modest state initiatives help drive national climate change policy? We think so. Check out RBlog to see why 
 This morning the RBSC DC Office hosted a fundraiser for Sen. Robert Menedez (D-NJ). Check out some event photos 
 RT  On CBSBoston.com: CEO Of Rasky Baerlein Ann Carter On Mentoring Young Women 
 Today: RBSC CEO Ann Carter on WBZ Radio's "Women’s Watch" talking about her career path and advice to young women entering the workforce.
 See this week's National Journal Political Insiders Poll to hear from Larry Rasky and other Political Insiders 
 This morning RBSC hosted breakfast with Croatian President Ivo Josipovic. See RBlog to check out photos. 
  profile of our newest hire, Andy Izquierdo. A true Renaissance man.  
 Ann Carter on Publicity vs. Strategic Communications.  
 Our newest hire, Andy Izquierdo, in   today. 
 RT  Top 10 Reasons Why Boston is a Cleantech City (my client  is     
 RT  Money manager aims to stay connected to real people, real world.  
 RT  Deval Patrick unveils Massachusetts budget plan   
 RT  fav MA Legislature bill title so far:"Act Relative to Throwing Missiles at Vehicles." Is this a problem?  
 Thrilled to welcome Andy Izquierdo to our Washington DC office. 
 Would you pay a price slightly lower than $20 for a monthly subscription to NYT online? 
 Truly a miracle. RT  "Intensive rehabilitation" is next for Giffords, her new doctor says. 
  launches Social Code, its own  marketing agency for businesses. 
 Please vote for our client  as a  Company to Watch in 2011 
 We've redesigned our website! Check it out at www.rasky.com.
  approval rating up 5 points after Tuscon speech. 
 NJ Gov. Christie (R) calls Obama's Tuscon speech "excellent" and "exactly what a leader should do." We agree. 
 Check out Ann Carter's comments in yesterday's  profile of  CEO Laura Sen 
 Conflicting reports on Rep.  condition remind us of importance of getting facts str8. Who cares if you're first if you're wrong?
 Downtown Crossing Business Improvement District to launch in April.   
 RT  Breaking: Boston.com reporting BIDMC chief Paul Levy resigning. Huge.
 Amid partisan focus in House,  MA-D Niki Tsongas quietly helps pass important military sexual harassment legislation. 
 Joe Baerlein blogs about his recent trade mission to  and his new love for  
 Catherine Peterson, Exec Director of  in today's Globe for her work as part of Globe Santa program.  
 Photos from our Holiday Party up on our FB page. Thanks  for amazing food and a fun night! 
 RBSC came in at  this morning at  Top 100 Women-Led Businesses in MA Awards. Congrats to our CEO, Ann Carter! 
 RT  Hillary today: "I think I'll serve as secretary of state as my last public position, then probably go back to advocacy work."
 RBSC's  on "International Platter for Local Economies" panel tonight at Harvard's  
 RT  Anne Finucane of  speaking  bfast says need to engage in social media.  Listen to her speech on 
 Our wonderful client  just launched cool Facebook campaign for reopening of its Planetarium  
 Like a real life Twix commercial. "Official avoids press by eating cookie."   
 Recommended reading from Larry Rasky: NYT Opinion - "Do Farm Subsidies Protect Nat'l Secutiry?"  
 RT  State regulators approve Cape Wind power deal  
 Well done. RT  Great video/article from  on new "Art of the Americas" wing  
 Sen. Scott Brown at our event for him yesterday: "I will seek reelection."    
 Congrats to our client, MooBella! RT  MooBella closes $9M  round.   
 Gentry Collins: "if left on its current path, the RNC will not be a productive force in the 2012 campaign." 
 RT  Here's how  is putting people to work.   made here.  
 "Honoring the True Heroes" by  Still rings true a year later.  
 RT  Who knew R luv of ice cream was scientific?  Behind y We luv Ice Cream 
 RT  Kudos, American Student Assistance on again ranking as a Top Place to Work in  by    h ...
 Thank you, Richard!! RT  Insightful election analysis from Rasky Baerlein  
 Lots of post-election insight from Larry Rasky, our Public Affairs team and our DC office. www.rasky.com   
 RT  Galvin: Boston's suburbs leading in voter turnout    
 RT  I am seeing/hearing reports of strong turnout in cities but really strong turnout in burbs. Could be big for Baker. 
 RT  No on 2 says callers confused that Q's are on back of ballots. Galvin's office says ballots notate "Vote on Both Sides."
 RT  Fake Accounts AstroTurf Twitter:  
 Joe Baerlein had great seats for last night's   game. TNT cameras caught him cheering on the C's. 
 RT  One of the craziest  ads you’ll see this year -    
 Here we go with the ballot questions...  
 Great Twitter stream on  and  tonight. Really enhances the experience.  
 RT  Unemployment rate drops to 8.4 percent 
 Check out the latest post on RBlog, "NE & Renewable Energy Technology."   
 New poll out on MA Governor's race has Patrick in lead RT  Politics - Deval Patrick leads in new poll  
 RT  Here we go... RT  Cahill files suit against ex-aides; alleges Baker sought internal info 
 RT  "Use your peace time wisely  and become a part of the convo before crisis hits." 
 RBSC's Kelly Lynch w/ PR News Platinum Honorable Mention Award for work w/ Citizens GreenSense Campaign 
 RT  Panel at  agrees that geolocation is the next wave of social media.
 RT   talking about moving her PR team to include social media roles. lesson: changing the mentality of PR 
 Waiting for  to start. Supposed to be a full house.
 RT  Cahill staying in race, calls departure of running mate Paul Loscocco to Charlie Baker a 'backroom deal'
 Thoughts, anyone? RT  Tim Cahill has called a news conference for 2pm today - NECN & NECN.com will carry it live. 
 RT  Cool video by our  partner Reed & Reed on the construction of our Stetson Wind project. 
 RT  Rahm announcement will be 1105 am ET in East Room
 RT  New housing coming to Washington St. near Chinatown, next to China Trade bldg. Great for the area. 
 Congrats! RT  Another  farm backed up with a battery for   HUGE!  
 RT  On ballot questions, Cahill and Baker, yes on 1, no on 2 & 3, Patrick and Stein, no on all 3.  
 RBSC's busy week continues with  conference at MIT.  
 Larry Rasky & Nancy Hood of ArborGen after Ortiz's homer in the 4th.   
 Vice President Biden addressing the crowd - and quoting Larry Rasky!  
 V.P. Biden: "As my friend Larry Rasky says,'They're not going to compare us to the perfect, they're going to compare us to the alternative."
 If you're wondering about increased police presence in dntwn Boston today, we're cohosting an event for V.P. Biden. Photos to come! 
 Our busy week continued Tuesday w/ Boston AntiDefamation League's Women of Valor Luncheon honoring Carol Fulp.  
 RBSC's big week continued last night w/ DSCC fundraiser in NJ. Larry Rasky & Dave Tamasi w/  
 Big congrats to RBSC client  on celebrating their 50th Anniversary.
 RT  Listening to Una Ryan from Diagnostics For All  50th bday reception at  Museum. Talk is on Lab to Market
 Kicked off big week at RBSC w/ fundraiser for  seen here with Larry Rasky & Ann Carter.   
 RT  Rational people to gather on Nat'l Mall in DC 2 spread timeless msg - take it down a notch 4 America. 
 Don't forget -  tomorrow. Check the Secretary of State's  poll locator to find out where you vote.  
 From  Zakaria: Raise My Taxes, Mr. President! We Can't Afford the Bush Tax Cuts Anymore 
 RT  Kelly's in Allston is giving out free MooBella ice cream today with any food purchase. Yum!  
 "Islam in America: Earning a Place at the Table" - the latest post on RBlog.    
 First 'Flying Cars' to be built in Massachusetts  
 RT  More journalists should livetweet debates. This is a venue where credibility matters.  
 RT  BREAKING: Mayor Richard Daley will not seek re-election. 
 RT  The Future of Ad Agencies and Social Media  /via  
 The end of cell phone chargers is near - hooray for the environment!   
 Larry Rasky hosted on  last night. Playlist included Beatles, Cars, Talking Heads & Dylan to name a few.  
 RT  Boston's 250,000 college students contribute $4.8 billion/year to the city's economy. Welcome Back!!
  shares great crisis PR article (and her insights) from  writer  on RBlog. 
 RT  Today is Women’s Equality Day & 90th anniversary of the 19th amendment which gave women the right to vote & hold office. 
 RT  White House announces Obama is not Muslim.  Fail to clarify if he is also a man, straight, black , not Hitler & indeed President.
 Interesting read. "18 Words You Should Never Ever Use: Words that Scream 'I AM AN IDIOT'" 
  We've used Meltwater for over 2 yrs for client news and been very happy with it.
 Congrats to RBSC's    &  on their promotions! 
 RT  Baker & Patrick campaigns have strong issues to drive today - DP on Big Dig Baker and CB on Lantigua Bailout. 
 RT  Great piece includes our client  A Spark of Success | R&D Mag - 
 RBSC's  analysis of Apple's response to  PR crisis.   
 RT  Check out  on MSN's  Delish.com. 1 of 15 unusual food vending machines around the world! 
 RT  Making Haiti Safe for Women Through the Light of a Lamp ( . Go 
 RBSC's Jim Coppersmith in today's Globe. "Jewish donors give Catholic Schools a lift." 
 RT  "Within the next five years, Downtown Xing is going to be a much different place"  
 Great post by  on  "Energy Efficiency is Sexy if You're Wearing Carbon Goggles." 
 RT  Mass. casino deal: 3 casinos, slot parlors at 2/4 tracks.   via 
 RT  ok.  1 day, 14 hours, 56 mins.  We can do this MA Legislature.
 Have fun! RT  Getting excited about tonight's 5k benefiting Camp Harbor View w/  peeps 
 RT  Wind Drives Growing Use of Batteries 
 Forgive and forget? Not on the Internet.  
 RT   on   bill passes "it's not going to just start raining tools & repair info"
 RT  topics:Tim Cahill; Howard Bryant's on Henry Aaron & Moobella ice cream.   
 Great post up on RBlog by  on whether or not nonprofits should return $ from questionable donors. 
 RT  ATTN DC MEDIA Last day to reg. for cleanenergyministerial.org  incl Sandalow & Secys from  &  DM if interested
 On today's  on Politico.com: RBSC selected to lead Nat'l Flea Market Assoc's fed. public affairs efforts 
 Check out  on  Greater Boston tonight at 7. Vending machine making fresh ice cream  
 Check out RBSC's  in his first post for  The 1603lb Gorilla in the Room   
 RT  MooBella make your own ice cream machines have landed at BOS Terminal C in time for summer! 
 RBSC crisis expert  weighs in on  demise.  
 Check out photos from the  launch party.  
 Very excited to host launch party for  in  tonight. Amazing (free) platform for civic engagement.  
 Go Jackson!  RT  My boss' poodle is top Celtics fan according to Boston.com  
 Agreed!! RT  Great talk by Ellen Alemany, Chair & CEO of Citizens Bank  on rebuilding consumer trust.
 Company mascot Jackson Baerlein ready for tonight's game.  
 Excellent post on RBlog entitled "Give me your tired, your poor...as long as they're documented."  
 RT  Go  RT  5.9 earthquake in SoCal. Early reports indicate cause:  fans jumping off the bandwagon
 RT  Today is  Mass Non-Profit Awareness Day. How do you recognize & support MA nonprofits?
 Check out Jeff Terrey's breakdown of  handling of  vs Obama's of  spill. 
 Anywhere in Downtown Crossing! RT  Hey New Englanders! What's your vote for the next MooBella location?  
   at the MA Dem Convention w/ Senator Kerry.       
   at the MA Dem Convention w/ Senator Kerry.      
 RT  Great post by  on her experience at MA Dem Convention.     
 RT  In honor of the most popular ice cream flavor, this week's scoop combo is premium + vanilla + m&m's. Try one!! 
  starts at noon today at City Hall Plaza. Head on over to support  
 Fingers Crossed! RT  Coast Guard: BP crews successfully cut off pipe in latest attempt to contain Gulf oil.
 RBSC's Jim Cabot: American Power Act Needs Cooperation From Green Tech, Energy  Blog  
 RT  No such thing as an Air Spill.  Check out this video about Milford Wind Project from  
 RBlog has SVP Jim Cabot's take on the American Power Act.    
 Our client MooBella is on tonight's "Sliced" on History Channel  10. Find out how they make fresh ice cream in a vending machine. 
 RBSC CEO Ann Carter tackles what is (and isn't) appropriate summer workplace attire.   
 RBSC's  with Shaikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa of the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
 A big congrats to RBSC's  on her promotion to Associate Vice President!   
 RT  At the  Awards celebrating  award for public affairs agency of the year!
 RT  Woohoo!  Check out   Award!  Celebrating at Cipriani in NYC! 
 Our thoughts and prayers go out to Beau Biden for a speedy recovery.
 New post on RBlog by  on job hunting and   
 Larry Rasky tracked down in D.C. RT  Tracked Down:   Krista Ference & more: 
 Our fantastic client in the news. Best ice cream ever.RT MA hospitals deploy MooBella ice cream machines 
 Follow Friday - Other Rasky tweeps:  &  
 RBSC President Joe Baerlein with  at last week's New England Council dinner in D.C. 
 RBSC employees volunteering for  Great organization helping women in Boston. 
 Our client,  is hosting Front End of Innovation Boston. Cool stuff. Check out photos here:  
 RT  "No child should feel threatened or unsafe in our schools." Governor Patrick signs anti bullying bill 
 RT  Listening to Mara Liasson (NPR) & Gerald Seib (WSJ) speak abt America's changing political landscape 
 A big congrats to  and family on the birth of their new baby girl! Love new additions to the Rasky Baerlein family!
 RT  Enjoyed the thoughtful panelists at Mass Lawyers Weekly Business & Law Bfast Forum sponsored by  BDO ...
 RT  RT 5 Boston Social Media Tragedies 
 RT  Shared some thoughts on our blog about the possibility of news orgs not allowing anonymous comments on their websites  ...
 Big congrats to RBSC's  and Graham Shalgian for running the 2010 Boston Marathon!
 A big congrats our own  who was elected the next President of the Boston Irish Business Association. 
  was at BU last night acting out crisis scenarios w/PR grad students; she's happy to report that future is very bright!
 The Holmes Report announced today that Rasky Baerlein has been named "Public Affairs Agency of the Year."  
 Cool/Useful tool - RT  iPad Peek: See How Your Website Looks on the iPad 
 Check out Joe Pantoliano on Chronicle. Promoting his fantastic new documentary "No Kidding, Me Too!" on mental disease.
  is at Curry College tonight talking crisis and reputation management with  students. 
 Attention all  Former  reporter Chris Cooper loves you. Read his latest blog entry to find out why. 
  filing provides cautionary tale to all businesses: bad press can destroy value.   
 Politico's  highlights two of our new hires.    
 Latest RBlog entry from Zach Stanley: This Tea Party is Invite Only and Republicans Aren't on the List 
 Jon Carlisle sounds off on Obama administration's response to Central Falls, RI education crisis.   
 Imprisoned Congressman Jefferson's attorney Robert Trout leads aptly named panel "Cash in Freezer."   WhiteCollarCrime
 Supreme Crt 2 rule soon on Theft of Honest Services. If overturns, prior convictions in question.  panel thinks good chance of happening
 Lanny Bruner: Justice Dept will "insist on corporate guilty pleas if behavior is egregious & willful."  
 Asst US Atty Gen Lanny Bruer's keynote highlights government priority prosecution of financial fraud of individuals not corporations. 
 Just spoke with former DOJ criminal lawyer who spent 12yrs under Clinton & W. Says no diff btwn how 2 approached  
 Legendary lawyer Roy Black has a thousand litigators mesmerized with war stories.  
 At  White Collar Crime summit in Miami, to drum up crisis communications work for firm. Session on Madoff case is mobbed.
 Yay, PJ! Congrats on all your hard work! RT  Holding the PR news award recognizing RBSC for crisis work. Pretty cool.
 Congrats to  &  on winning PR News Crisis Response Award for Zoo New England!  
 Getting ready for our event at  White Collar Crime Conf. in Miami tonight featuring legal comic Paul D'Angelo. 
 RT  In a dog-eat-dog world  wholesale ceo gave refreshing speech on value add & team appreciation at Boston Chamber  ...
 Larry Rasky's take on Evan Bayh.   
 RT  Can E-readers and Tablets Save the News? 
 Our D.C. office shares their  perspective. 
 St. Mary's Women & Children's Shelter benefit Sat. night in Boston 
  - Check out  for live tweeting from  
 RT  NFL Films reduces its carbon footprint just in time for Super Bowl Sunday, thanks to Veolia Energy:  ...
 RT  RT:  Listening to Kristina Johnson, Undersecretary for DOE, explain DOE's FY 11 budget at RETECH. Lots of new R& ...
 Rasky Baerlein jumps 7 spots in  listing of Top 25 Massachusetts lobbying firms. 
 Newest practice group Twitter account:  - Insights & Info from Energy & Environment team at Rasky Baerlein   
 Welcome!! RT  Hello world! Rasky Baerlein GreentechPR is Live!! Tell Your Friends.   
  has a new post on RBlog on International trade. Check it out.   
 RT  Send us followers!  Followers  1500 and 1501 get a  t-shirt!
 RT  Boston City Councillor John Tobin has been renamed Chair of the Committee on  Film, Humanities and Tourism.
 RT  A fitting tribute: The New Yorker just made all of J.D. Salinger's short stories available online. RIP. Enjoy.  ...
 RT  It's true, MA is the tech innovation capital! Here's proof, a local co. named finalist for global award . ...
 RT  RT  Support Solar powered lamps for   fundraiser in DC tomorrow    ...
  extends the run of Harry Potter: The Exhibition through Feb. 28 - just in time for school vacation!  
 Enjoyed new segment on  last night - "Up In Your Business" 
 Another great post on RBlog by our resident political insider, Larry Rasky, on what the Senate Dems need to do next. 
 RT  RT  EarthSpark brings solar lighting for Haiti earthquake victims 
 RT  Good insights! ;) RT  My latest,  Great insights from  Office on Using   ...
 RBSC wins PR News Legal PR Award (Crisis Response) for Zoo New England. Congrats to  &  
 Rasky Baerlein's Chris Cooper: Effect of Supreme Court ruling in Citizens United vs FEC   
 Larry Rasky: What Should Obama And Democrats Do Now? 
 Don't forget to vote today! 
 Just added myself to the  twitter directory under:      
 Vote for  200MW Milford Wind Corridor for  's Project of the Year! 
 RBlog's latest post: Role of social media in Haiti earthquake aftermath.   
 RT  Catholic Charities Boston has news, contacts & donation info on their site for Haiti Earthquake Relief  ...
 RT  Amazed at ways social media is being used for news and donations around Haiti. Very interesting case study in viral  ...
 RBlog's got a new post by Beth Bresnahan: "Is 15 Minutes of Fame Worth 90 Days in Jail?" 
 Great time at Hot Stove Cool Music event on Friday. Check out our Facebook page for pics. 
 RBlog has a new post from SVP George Cronin about Boston's political divides.  
 RT  This Saturday is Hot Stove Cool Music, with a sports roundtable and concert , benefits  ...
 Globe on Coakley's public absence & lack of debates. What do you think of likely next Senator's choice to lay low? 
 Happy New Year! Joe Baerlein said goodbye to 2009 at a swanky party that hit the Globe gossip column. 
 RT  Timely & funny entry from my boss, Larry Rasky, for New Year's. Check it out. 
 As the year winds down, what was your favorite news story of '09?
