 RT    Perspectives: Texas Insurer of Last Resort Charts Course Through Reform Law 
 RT  Texas sales tax-free weekend set for Aug. 19-21  
 RT  The New Normal: Billion-Dollar  
 RT  Austin Water is responding to a 12-inch water main leak at Burnet Rd. and Anderson Lane in North Austin.
 RT  Worker Dies in Central Texas Industrial Accident 
 RT    Allstate reports 2nd-quarter loss of $620 million 
 RT  Reports: Teen charged in hit-and-run death of toddler  
 RT  The Austin Digest: Homes & Culture is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    ...
 RT  Sorry, Republicans, but you don't get credit for finding an antidote if you're the one who administered the poison.
 RT   2-alarm fire in East Austin put out | Several crews fought the apartment fire
 RT  BREAKING: AFD is investigating an apt. fire at Clayton Ln and I-35. KVUE has a crew heading to the scene. Almost 30 people dis ...
 RT  KTRK: Pedestrian struck by police cruiser in NE Houston  
 RT  Six killed in China's Xinjiang after explosions: reports 
 RT  Realist Info. for Travis County, Austin, TX... Check this out! 
 RT  Lost pets:
 RT  Getting pre-approved before you start your house hunt provides you with an edge over other prospective buyers: http: ...
 RT  The National Bike Registry estimates that one million bicycles are stolen each year–tips to help keep yours safe http ...
 RT  KTRK: Man injured in fall down elevator shaft at Katy hotel  
 RT  Another  for y'all RT  Delayed Rainey Street Hotel Plans Finalized  by 
 RT  Lubbock HAZMAT team responds to acid spill in Slaton: By Michael Slother at KCBD News, Lubbock The Lubbock Fire ... ...
 RT  Grilling tonight? Wear an apron & oven mitt, store propane outside, no gas on charcoal grills, water-soak your used c ...
 RT  Who's 6'5", should've won the Heisman & is apparently set to back up Michael Vick? .. Booo Eagles!!
 RT  Breaking: U.S. economy grew at just a 1.3% rate in the second quarter; first quarter GDP was revised down sharply  ...
 RT    Bomb blast hits oil pipeline in western Syria 
 RT  Tropical Storm Don update: Winds 50 mph, pressure 29.53 inches, moving WNW at 14 mph about 290 mi SE of Corpus Christi ...
 RT  Austin Energy sees a record July  
 RT  WEATHER: latest on tropical storm Don at 
 RT  You know what's fun?   You know what's not fun? Paying  &   Let us hel… (cont) h ...
 RT  Residents evacuated from subdivision during fire return at 9 a.m.: By Claudia Grisales in The Austin American-St... ...
 RT  Are you part of an organization that would benefit from SmartChange, our  & interactive  tha… (cont) ...
 RT  Exxon Mobil profit surges 41% to $10.7 billion ... So thats why gas is so high.. Greed!
 RT  KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) -- Afghan official: 17 killed in suicide attacks on government compound in southern Afghanistan.
 RT  Woman killed as she tries to cross Houston road; driver flees 
 RT  KVUE is on scene of the 600-acre brush fire in Travis County, off Hamilton Pool Road.  May be a little more than 50% contained ...
 RT  Landfall timing of Tropical Storm  night on TX Gulf Coast, per   Map dashboard:  http:// ...
 RT  Sobering info-graphic on the US debt ...
 RT  Tropical Storm Don forms in the Gulf, forecasters say it will likely head towards Texas and is not expected to be... http ...
 RT  Report: Wells Fargo investigated over allegations of discriminatory lending 
 RT  How Zynga got into China without Facebook: 
 RT  “Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.”—Winston Churchill
 RT  Friends don't let friends cook drunk...Man jailed after drunken cooking led to fire 
 RT  Shriners sign catches fire in Galveston: By Chris Paschenko in The Galveston County Daily News A brief fire Tues... ...
 RT  Firefighters prevent Conroe kitchen fire from destroying home: By Anna Waugh in The Courier of Montgomery County... ...
 RT  How to avoid being a sales pest:    ^FL
 RT  Major accident on I-35 SB at Grand Avenue.  Traffic is being re-routed to Grand Avenue for accident involving motorcycle.  Hug ...
 RT  Police are on the scene of a shooting in southwest Austin. We'll update when we get more info 
 RT  Travis County settles lawsuit against deputy constable accused of beating woman outside school 
 RT  WEATHER: could a tropical depression or tropical storm arrive in TX this weekend?  Looks possible... 
 RT  $28 for a 1-hour massage?!? Yes, please! Check out today's Yollar deal for the best way possible to pamper yourself ww ...
 RT  On the auction block this Thursday a 372-bed private prison that nearly bankrupted a small town in Texas  . ...
 RT  $20 For 2 Full Games Of Bowling For Up To 4 People ($45 Value) at Dart Bowl, Westgate Lanes, And Highland La.. http:/ ...
 RT  Analysts: Expect Mexican cartel violence along Texas border to continue    
  (junking) haha RT  I've been junking  non-stop for the last couple of days & I'm still dehydrated..
 RT  Oops! Forklift Smashes $1M Worth of Australian Wine 
 RT  Texas bucks construction slump, adds 26,000 jobs in past year  via 
 RT  It's hot out there! Family Eldercare is still collecting donations for their fan drive to help folks stay cool! http ...
 RT  Success comes from persistently improving and inventing, not from persistently promoting what is not working. ~ Derek Sivers
 RT  See? This is why you don't jump on the bed! Girl survives jump off bed, out window and onto car. 
 RT  Victim in Deadly Pennsylvania Hit-and-Run Sues Bar 
 RT  San Marcos passes solar and wind incentives  via 
 RT  Jul 25: 9 residential  (non-arson) fatalities were reported by the Nation's news media. 
 RT  KTRK: 2 men stab each other in northwest-side bar  
 RT  Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is now renting and streaming movies online, many the same day they come out on DVD.
 RT  Man missing for days found alive in manhole 
 RT  ”To get something you’ve never had, you’ve got to do something you’ve never done.”—Unknown
 RT  Bringing  to work saves so much  
   I know, it was a suprize...  P & G have a stay-at-home dad blog devoted to trend..
 RT  Rollover accident: Slaughter Ln at Escarpment. Look for slow traffic with crews on the scene.
 RT  One in five American men don't work: Where's the outrage? 
 RT  4 Morals from MySpace's Fall 
 RT  4 injured by gunman at Houston game room 
 RT  Enthusiasm is the greatest asset in the world. It beats money and power and influence. Henry Chester
 RT  Had to share this photo 
 RT  12 without a home after Temple apartment fire: From KCEN News, Waco Temple A devastating fire at a Temple apartm... ...
 RT  Police arrest one, seek another in fatal car wash shooting  
 RT  KHOU: Shooter sought after Spring Branch party turns deadly  
 RT  Tragic accident: San Antonio girl, 6, dies in backyard microwave  
 RT   Lady Bird honored at wildflower center | Annual tradition honors legislation she inspired
 RT  Do you know the difference between your  report & your credit score?   
 RT  Formula One coming to Austin? $25 million in state funds? Our latest  story: 
 RT  72 Chinese millionaires had premature deaths  
 RT  Two men robbed at gunpoint at apartment  
 RT  Grand Prairie Police confirm five people dead in shooting at the Forum Roller World.
 RT  Dozens Homeless After Fire Tears Through Northwest Side Apartment  
 RT  How Free Content can Quickly Build Your Business:  ^FL
 RT  “The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.”—Vidal Sassoon
 RT  Headlines: Police: Singer Amy Winehouse dies 
 RT  Police: Robbers use stolen car to flee Dickinson bank 
 RT  When life gives u lemons, drink coffee & you'll feel like making lemonade 
 RT  Apple Laptops Vulnerable To Hack That Kills Or Corrupts Batteries 
 RT  A man was stabbed to death early this morning in Round Rock. Police don't have suspects. If you have info. contact... htt ...
 RT   Police investigate Round Rock homicide | Man found dead at 4:00 a.m. Saturday
 RT  Death toll in Norway rises to 80 at camp and seven in a blast. 
 RT  Two charged in L.A. in brutal beating of Giants fan 
 Thank U!! RT   pet friends      
  checkd everyday        
 RT  This year we will be able to watch ACL streamed live on YouTube! 
 RT  Astronomers find largest, farthest reservoir of water seen in space, around black hole 12 billion light-years away  ...
 RT  U.S. government sells final stake in Chrysler to Fiat 
 RT  Conroe driver gets 55 years in prison on 8th DWI conviction 
 RT  I'm using my facebook to promote my google+, and it makes me feel like a dirty, dirty boy... 
 RT  It's noteworthy that in the whole of this major American fiscal debate no one has proposed taxing carbon 
 RT  Developer says he will build convention hotel in Austin even if another developer builds one, too: 
 RT  More young people moving to  than any other city! (ages 25-35) 
 RT  Rich Segal has updates on our unchanging weather, a Cat 5 hurricane and the oppressive heat in the east at . ...
 RT  Nationwide assault against Mexican Cartels exposes Austin as command and control center.  I'm headed to find out more t ...
 RT  Hurricane Dora Strengthens off Mexican Coast 
 RT  This is sad...and a little strange...12 chickens were left in a hot car in a Kentucky Wal Mart parking lot  ...
 RT  Teen driver using cell phone killed in Harris Co. wreck 
 RT  Sony Insurer, Zurich, Files Suit to Deny Data Breach Coverage 
 RT  Something free, something fun, something for the family! Nature Nights at the Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center -- . ...
 Ever wonder why insurance reviews are important? 
 RT  Austin home sales up 9 percent in June  via  Listings down 18% Apartments full. Lot supply  ...
 RT  Man jumps from 2nd floor of Hollister apartments to escape fire 
 RT  Last space shuttle lands in Florida, closing out a three-decade NASA program
 RT  Powerful earthquake hits Central Asian valley 
 RT  American Airlines $AMR plans to spin off American Eagle and places biggest order for new planes ever - 
 RT  3 HPD officers hurt when squad cars wreck near station 
 RT  To all scouts and adventurers - if cycling,wear a helmet. Always. My friend James Cracknell has made this short film: ht ...
 RT  Rockets' Yao makes it official, retires from basketball 
 You just never know... 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "July 20, 2011" 
 RT  Check out the latest drawings of downtown  's Park Plaza project ..   
 RT  Recovery efforts at Lake Travis for what could be the 7th drowning victim.
 RT       Drinking for a good cause, we're in. Pups Pub Cr ...
 RT  Austin-area home sales were up 9 percent in June: 
 RT  Rumor mills now say new  will be on all carriers ..     
 RT  NHC Tracking Tropical Storm Bret 
 RT  July 18 - We're closely monitoring tropical activity in the Atlantic & Pacific, including tropical storm  
 RT  Harris County DA's investigator charged with DWI 
 RT  Remodeling remains robust in ailing real estate market 
 RT  RT  Have a great week everyone and as always eat 'em UP cats!!!! 
 RT  BP pipeline leaks oily mixture onto Alaskan tundra 
 RT  2 Dead, Driver Injured in Texas Taxi Crash 
 RT  Austonian developer plans S. Austin project at Cumberland Road and South Fifth Street  via 
 RT  You don’t fight fire w fire; you fight fire w water. Don’t go 2 their level. Either bring them up 2 yours or stay above
 RT  Construction of flyovers at 290/MoPac halted after contractor goes bankrupt, walks off job: 
 RT  John Wiley Price, Dallas County commissioner under FBI investigation, attends "Justice for John" rally at church http: ...
 RT  Rangers president Nolan Ryan hospitalized:  
 RT  4-vehicle crash on   Hwy 123 claims man's life. www.sanmarcostx.gov/news
 RT  RT  The Unforgettable, Agonizing, Totally Worth It Heartbreak of the Women's World Cup Final 
 RT  Today in 1940: Democratic National Convention nominates Pres. Franklin D. Roosevelt for unprecedented 3rd term.
 RT  "I learned to embrace  as long as it was well thought out and, in a worst-case scenario, I’d still land on my feet. ...
 RT  Probe Into Montana Oil Spill Cause to Take Months 
 RT  EA Sports creating 300 jobs in Austin  via 
 RT  Why does the U.S. have such crummy cell service? You can get a hi-def phone in Uganda, but not in the U.S.  ...
 RT  Jul 15: 6 residential  (non-arson) fatalities were reported by the Nation's news media. 
 RT  A car crashed into a West Campus building early Monday morning. One person was transported to the hospital with... http:/ ...
 RT  Tropical Storm Bret update: 50 mph winds, 1001 mb, moving NE at 3 mph 65 mi NNW of Great Abaco Island 
 RT  Hurricane hunters are now flying out to the low east of Florida. We'll see if this thing becomes a Tropical Depression. 
 RT  RT  HCSO deputy struck by car in hit-and-run accident: 
 RT  RT  Firefighters rescue man impaled on metal fence near the Heights 
 RT  Former Longhorn Cedric Benson being held on a misdemeanor charge of assault causing bodily injury to a family member: htt ...
 RT  *ALERT* Early reports of stadium roof collapse in Netherlands with mass casualties.  NFI
 RT  5 Tips to Cut Your Electricity Bill With Energy Efficiency Expert David Johnston: 
 RT  KTRK: Driver flees after major accident in SW Houston  
 RT  Consulate warms cartels may target border ports 
 RT  KHOU: Blown tire leads to multi-car crash on SW Freeway  
 RT  Everyone is a genius. But if you judge a fish on its ability to climb a tree, it will spend its whole life believing  ...
 RT  Here's an update on the two bodies found in Georgetown... 
 RT  Suspected Mexican Mafia members, associates nabbed in Austin drug sting: 
 RT  Northwest Austin one of worst areas in the nation for urban wildfire threats, officials say: By Ryan Loyd at KEY... ...
 RT  Two die in fiery crash nort of Electra: From KAUZ News, Wichita Falls Electra police say the highway is back ope... ...
 Good Video from our Owner/Principal Agent..  Thank you Tony & Emery!!! 
    - Domino's Sued After Texas Deliveryman's Death 
 RT  Police are investigating two suspicious deaths Friday morning near Georgetown by state highways 29 and 130.  ...
    - Online Auto Insurance Quote 
 RT  12 strategies to help you feel happier— Eat seafood! 
 RT  New crime fighting APP now offered by APD.  Send a text or photo to police if you see crime happening. Who'se gonna dow ...
 RT  How To Include Frequent Flyer Miles In Your Will 
 RT  F1 To Get More Building Permits Today: Planners for the proposed Formula One in Southeast Travis County are a st... http: ...
 RT  County expected to approve building at Formula One site on Wednesday  via 
 RT  Allstate Warns of Big Losses 
 RT  Galveston News: Beach parks’ progress 3 years after Ike  
 RT  1 of the greatest discoveries a man makes,1 of his great surprises, is to find he can do what he was afraid he couldn't d ...
 RT  SWAT situation in South Austin has ended.  A man is in the back of a police car. 
 RT  Register for the 5th Annual  MECA Career & Opportunities Expo!  8/3 
 RT  FREE luncheon & learn on how to become an Austin Green Biz Leader! 7/21 Crown Plaza Hotel 
 RT  Four Dallas firefighters injured when one of them falls through roof of burning Oak Cliff home 
 RT  Here's an update on this morning's SWAT situation in the Saddlebrook Estates neighborhood of South Austin  ...
 RT  The fact that Ronald Reagan raised taxes in the 80s challenges the current Republican belief system.  ...
 RT  Update:  Media briefing happening in moments in South Austin on SWAT situation.
 RT  A commander with APD dispatch says they have two units on scene assisting, but the fire is not near any homes. Just a simple g ...
 RT  Texas economy ranks No. 2 in the nation 
 RT  Methuselah, A Well-Loved Tortoise, Dies At 130 In South Dakota 
 RT  Turns out, caffeinated  protects against Alzheimer’s. Ideal=4 cups/day. The research: 
 RT  APD says Rockabilly musician Chadd Thomas was killed by blunt force trauma. His death is the 13th homicide in Austin th ...
 RT  U.S. employers had 3 million job openings in May, a dismal figure that hasn't budged since February 
 RT  Rice University: Houston fastest-growing Metro area in U.S.  
 RT  How many people have to be killed before we "get it"? Texting while driving is crazy. On interstate is INSANE.
 RT  Being driven  to L.A.  just saw a mother driving on the 101texting with her 2 kids in front seat. Really bad. Where is COMMON ...
 RT   Half Price Books puts $100 gift card up for grabs! Could you yours!   
 RT  35 percent of Americans own smart phones, says Pew survey 
 RT  The Rich Are Now Richer Than Before The 2008 Credit Meltdown 
 RT  DYK? TxDOT is 1 of the largest users of compost in the nation & uses recycled materials 2 improve/stabilize soil.  ...
 IF you have Progressive Insurance with us!!  we encourage you to take a look at this moble app.  It has some... 
 IF you have Travelers Insurance with us!!  we encourage you to take a look at this app.  It can help you ask the... 
 RT  Five everyday cleaning products that can cause you harm 
 RT  4-year-old girl reported missing, found dead in SUV parked outside family's home near Cleburne 
 RT  Thurman Bend at Bee Creek: Rollover accident reported.
