 Off to Punta Cana for our honeymoon! ( Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) w/ 5 others) 
 I just unlocked the "School Night" badge on  
 Absolutely LOVED your wedding Mad Libs,  Will definitely be sharing it in the social medias soon :o)
   Haha -- too funny. I still don't know what the Dougie dance is ... I was at the bar :o)
 Hands and feet with mom and the 'maids :o) ( Golden Fingernails) 
 ran 4.71 mi
  Glad you like it!
 New Video: Stop pushing. Start attracting. Stop interrupting. Start engaging. Learn how  works. 
 11 Must-Subscribe Marketing News Blogs and Websites  via 
 12 Eye-Opening Daily Deal Site Statistics [Data]  via 
 Where you gonna be in September? Biggest. Marketing. Event. Ever.  & IMS Boston 
 Introduce your business for a shot at great prizes, including  Inbound Marketing book!  via 
 Vote for  rockstars in the Small Business Influencer Awards! 
 ran 8 mi
 Ugh. USA just broke my heart in the 
  Awesome! Let's chat tomorrow!
  Good to know! Thoughts,  ;o)
 In the market for a new phone & would like to stick w/ the Droid operating system. What do folks think of the Incredible 2? Others you like?
  Thanks and congrats to you, too! I'm going to be crossing my fingers & doing many, many rain dances before then.
 The first look at my wedding day weather forecast. NOOOO!!!!! Mother Nature, please be good to me... 
  Haha yup! Twitter feedback to the rescue. Thanks though!
 Now if only  would fix the problems I'm having with THAT ...
  FIXED! Go to Account Settings and edit the multiple sign-on option to turn it on :o)
  Sweet!  Thanks!
  Thanks! Glad you like the article!
 HATE that I can't have my personal gmail & my  email open on different tabs in the same browser anymore. Grrr 
 20 Expert Tips for Better Facebook Marketing  via 
 Join  at  for a night of dancing and learn about  
 GO USA!
 LinkedIn Surpasses MySpace as 2nd Most Popular Online Social Network [Data]  via 
 Can you "archive" tweets on  in your stream after you've read them so they no longer appear in your stream?
 Our account hasn't been loading tweets for the past few days. Any way this is going to get fixed, 
 How to Deal With Negative Nancy's Comments in Social Media  via 
  Thanks for letting me know. Are you currently working on getting it resolved?
 Any other  users having problems? My tweets won't lead!
 ran 8 mi
 2nd dress fitting! ( Cristina's Bridal) 
 Excited for my second wedding dress fitting tomorrow. Hoping it fits like a glove and I can take it home!
  You must just be too popular for your own good ;o)
 ran 6.01 mi
    Petrified for no good reason, I say :o)
 The Secret to Generating Blog Leads Over the Weekend  via 
 10 Helpful Title Tips From Top-Viewed Blog Posts  via 
 I'm at Fenway Park w/  
 40 Brilliant Work Hacks to Improve Your Marketing Productivity  via 
 Food before the Sox game ( Audubon Circle Restaurant & Bar) 
 Looking forward to attending the Sox game tonight with 
 Facebook Partners With Skype to Unveil "Awesome" New Video Calling Feature  via 
 Duck tour with the HubSpot marketing team! ( Boston Duck Tour (Museum Of Science)) 
 I just unlocked the "I'm on a boat!" badge on  
 10 Great Ideas for Valuable Curated Content  via 
 ran 4.66 mi
  Thanks! Glad you like 'em!
 10 Terrific New Twitter Infographics in 2011  via 
 Check it out! We released our new  ebook, "How to Use Twitter for Business: An Introductory Guide" for 2011 
 Emmett is letting me get a huge jump-start on my week by still sleeping. Guess that's what happens you keep a 2-yr. old up for fireworks!
 Marketing Advice From Our Founding Fathers (Happy 4th!)  via 
 ran 6.07 mi
 ran 6 mi
 Top 5 Metrics for Auditing Your Social Media Marketing ROI  via 
 July 1. Pandora is back!
 Great month  Sales/marketing quotas hit, team happy. Hooray!
 6 Ways to Instantly Improve Facebook Fan Engagement  via 
  Ha! That tip would've been more useful back on May 13 when I was being attacked by flying helicopters.. :o)
 The Ultimate 8-Point Checklist for Remarkable Content  via 
  Me, please! :o)
  Hmm not sure who's representing. Tell them hi and that you know me!
 The Simple Anatomy of a Conversion-Optimized Blog  via 
 Are you an app developer interested in learning new platforms? Come to the  Hackathon next week! 
 Honestly, who gets a cold in the summer? Ugh.
  Feel free to DM me. I help manage the HubSpot account.
  Gotcha. And what was your question?
  What request are you referring to?
 5 Amazing Foursquare Stats [Infographic]  via 
 ran 7.64 mi
 ran 6 mi
  Good thing  is cute, right? I'm convinced that's the only reason babies manage to survive.
 LinkedIn Launches Personalized Ad Platform, Makes Ads Even Sexier  via 
 Seeking some marketing inspiration? Download  New eBook: 101 Marketing Quotes:  
  Ugh -- and still a full week to go!
  Thanks! Glad you liked it!
 Hit my free Pandora limit for the month already. Bummer :o(
 Set It and Forget It: 3 Tips for Generating Leads on Vacation  via 
 ran 4.8 mi
 The Quintessential Summer Reading List for Inbound Marketers [Free Ebooks]  via 
 How to Write and Launch an Ebook That Generates Leads  via 
 10 Fantastic Marketing Presentations To Watch Today  via 
 We're still hiring  Apply to come work for the  best place to work in Boston named by the  
 Beer before noon with my bachelorette ladies :o) ( Samuel Adams Brew House) 
 Being a bachelorette this weekend with some fabulous ladies. Next activity: tour of the Sam Adams brewery!
 5 Foolproof Ways to Generate Leads From Facebook  via 
 Excited to learn about all our new  friends whom we can now call HubSpotters! Welcome!
 Why  Acquired Marketing Automation Company Performable 
 RT  RT  Breaking News: HubSpot acquires marketing automation company Performable -  
  Same! Taking tom. off for wedding stuff & my bachelorette w/e, so trying to squeeze in as much as possible. Thanks for asking!
 Play to win free tickets or a chance to get 20% off to  & HUGS. Have fun! 
 8 Ways to Think More Like a Publisher & Less Like a Marketer  via 
 My new  ebook launched today! The Essential Step-by-Step Guide to Internet Marketing [Free Ebook] 
 Don't miss out on your chance to work for the best place to work in Boston, as named by the BBJ. We're hiring  
  Thanks, Pete!
  Congrats on the new little ones, Dan -- they're adorable! 
 Just posted photos from our family photo shoot with  Check 'em out: 
 HubSpot is hiring! Check out our open positions and apply today! 
 HubSpot Wins BBJ Best Places To Work Award For the 2nd Year In a Row  via 
 ran 4.76 mi
 First time candlepin bowling. Feel like a true New Englander now! ( Lanes and Games w/ 3 others) 
 RT  WE WON!!!!  Yay! RT   wins  to work second year in a row!
 (Yay! Wish I could be there!) RT   beat Google again as a  to work. Top 6 now!!
 ran 4.75 mi
  Great to meet you, too!
 Swimming in a sea of content!
  Thanks a lot! Glad you liked it :o)
 The Key to More Leads? Create More Targeted Conversion Opportunities! [Data]  via 
 Facebook Dominates Social Sharing With 38% of Shares on the Web [Data]  via 
 ran 7.73 mi
 Beautiful weekend!
 AWESOME. RT  Becky Garber from  getting iced at her desk! Fantastic!  we got her good
 1/3 of Marketers Believe Personalized Campaigns Are Highly Effective [Data]  via 
 Twitter Rolls Out Improved Search Functionality With Photos & Videos  via 
 Google Introduces +1 Button for Websites  via 
 Enter  Marketing Library Sweepstakes to win a collection of the best marketing books & an iPad!  (Please RT)
 ran 6.78 mi
 Twitter Launches New Follow Button for Websites  via 
  Haha -- I know; it's amazing! It entertained Emmett for at least an hour.
 Last day of the month and loving all the  DINGs flowing through my inbox :o)
 New Data Proves 'Please ReTweet' Generates 4x More ReTweets [Data]   via 
 YouTube Celebrates 6th Birthday With 3 Billion Views Per Day  via 
 ran 8.02 mi
 Emmett's favorite "toy" of the day: bubble wrap. 
 Congrats to  RT  Glad I was born in time to watch  You only get audio in the womb. 
 Lovin' the 10-day weather forecast! Nice to see no clouds or rain tampering with it (knock on wood)...
 ran 4.69 mi
 ran 6.04 mi
 8 Steps to a Killer Social Media Newsroom for Inbound PR 
 Marketing Lessons From Mom’s Best Advice  (via 
  Haha -- thanks!
 So happy for sun! For once, the 10-day forecast is looking promising :o)
 ran 5.02 mi
 A Small Business Marketer's Guide to Group Deal Sites  (via 
 Amazon's Ebook Sales Now Exceed Printed Book Sales  (via 
 Mystery Solved! How an Events Company Expanded Business Nationwide with  
 For the love of god, gloomy weather ... GO AWAY ALREADY!
 Boston Globe Honors  Co-Founders As Top Massachusetts Innovators 
  Haha - yes, it's my idea of fun. But I do also have my wedding in a couple of months, so that's definitely added motivation.
 ran 8.01 mi
 BU School of Medicine Commencement. Congrats, Nannan! ( Agganis Arena w/ 6 others) 
  Haha -- THANK YOU. Mind you, these two pedestrians didn't seem very "fashion forward."
  I'm scared.
  Gosh, I hope so...
 Saw two pedestrians wearing fanny packs on my drive to work this morning. Please don't tell me they're coming back...
 60% of Social Media Messages are Links to Published Content [Data]  (via 
  Haha -- "good times" it is. Sounds great - glad to hear. In the final throes of wedding planning, too -- 2 months away!
 Infographic: The Changing Scope of Advertising (from  
 RT  Be sure to tune in to  The Morning Show ( tomorrow at 7:45 AM!  will be live, discussing i ...
 How to Get Promoted to Chief Marketing Officer  (via 
 Get Agile: Running a Marketing Team Like a Startup  (via 
  Hiya...great! We're currently tackling potty training. Ick. How've you been?
  Yikes -- thanks for the heads up. We'll get that fixed pronto!
 Just got an email from a casting agent for TLC's Strange Addiction looking for new show subjects. Are they trying to tell me something?
 Cold Calling Cruelty! Second Episode of "Captain Inbound" Animation [Video]  (via 
  Hey! How can I help? Realize I may be getting to you too late. Let me know!
 Early Bird Tickets Now Available for HUG Summit 2011! 
 Why Your Marketing Team Must Have the "Get [Stuff] Done" Attitude  (via 
 Feeling gloomy because it won't stop raining? Cheer up by grading your website and a chance to win some cool stuff - 
 Please answer a 5 minute survey on websites & maybe win $500 at Amazon:    (Pls RT)
 Lessons in Viral Marketing From the Sh*t My Dad Says  (via 
 RT  HubSpot's own  contributed to  small business week series/giveaway. Guess which post is his at http:// ...
 I just unlocked the "Swarm" badge on  
 Go Sox! ( Fenway Park w/ 53 others) 
 FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, NO MORE RAIN!!!
 ran 4.8 mi
  That helicopter almost gave me a bad haircut about 5 times today ;o)
 HubSpotter Takes Fame as Fenway Park's Official Red Sox DJ  (via 
 According to weather.com, rain is in the forecast for 8 straight days -- ick! 
 ran 6.01 mi
  Haha -- awesome reference. Yes, one who plays the Inbound Marketing Drinking Game is bound to get  ;o)
 Oh yeah .... The Inbound Marketing Drinking Game  (via 
 This lady can teach you a thing or two: Marketing Lessons From Lady Gaga  via 
 The Facebook Marketing Guide Straight From the Horse's Mouth  (via 
 The hilarity that ensues from internal HubSpotter email threads definitely makes up for all the email spam :o)
 ran 6 mi
 Daymond John: From FUBU to Business Marketing Mogul  (via 
 ran 8.02 mi
 Mother's Day brunch with my boys ( Sunset Grill & Tap) 
 Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow moms out there. Hope you have a fabulous day!
 ran 8.01 mi
 For Facebook Marketing, 'Being Fresh' is Key  (via 
 RT  Awesome example: Using video, facebook and landing pages together: 
 BBJ Names  a Best Place to Work for 2nd Year in a Row 
 The Times They Are a Changin’ [Marketing Song]  (via  and the musical stylings of  & 
 ran 4.12 mi
 "What would life be like without Twitter?," featuring  latest infographic! 
 Check out  May 2011 HubSpotter of the Month:  
 BBJ announces 75 Best Places to Work winners... Go team   via 
 Quarterly seat shuffle winding down  Happy to be in a well lit room now.
  Yeah -- forget about Segways. Unicycles FTW!
 Hey Boston PR job seekers! We're seeking a media relations specialist  Let me know if you're interested! 
 Saw a man riding a unicycle to work today. Definitely impressive.
 Inflexion-Point Acquires 50% of New Customers Using Inbound Marketing and  
 Enjoying a lazy Easter Sunday and noshing on stale Peeps
 New Inbound Marketing Music Video!  via  (So sad I had to move during this shoot!)
  Lemme hear it! ;o)
  Haha -- wow, I'm a horrible tweeter lately. That invite is totally awesome!
 Want to learn about the science of analytics? Help by taking this quick survey: 
 New  Case Study: International Industrial Company  Improves Web Traffic & Reach in 3 Months 
 New  Case Study!  Dramatically Increases Organic Traffic With Business Blogging 
 Learn Inbound Marketing by  Examples! 
 Car Dealer Increases Traffic, Sales With  &  of 1SmartPuppy 
 ran 7.55 mi
 Love!  has a case study on how  uses us  & now they have one on how we use them! 
 ran 3.94 mi
 So jealous I'm not in the office the day  drops off some of their yummy goods. Enjoy 'em, 
 RT  WOW!  Phenomenal first HubSpot User Group in Atlanta! Congrats MLT Creative  
 Excuses, Excuses. Top Marketing Transformation Myths Debunked!  (via  
 April 2011 HubSpotter of the Month:   (via 
  Yes!
 Introducing the Top 10  Customer Blogs! 
 ran 4 mi
 One of the best Grader.com tools to come out of  yet! 
 Ready to  Marketing Transformation Week is Coming!  (via 
 Happy to see my alma mater,  made the list! Top 100 social media colleges from  at 
 5 days. 50 prizes. 500 tips. Next week is Marketing Transformation Week!  
 ran 6.8 mi
 SEO: Are Nofollow Links Still Valuable?  via 
 AWESOME webinar today on the Science of Timing from  and  Did you attend? What did you think? 
  Thanks, Niki!  We're mostly unpacked at this point; just have some decorating to do. It's been an exhausting week!
 Marketing Lessons From the SEO Rapper  (via 
 A Look at a  Political Candidate: Product Manager Dan Dunn 
 When are you most likely to get re-tweeted? Check out !
 Mike Volpe of  to Speak About the Personalization of Marketing 
  Haha OMG this is one of the reasons why I wish I could spend more time at the office. Who is that?!
 ran 4.08 mi
 Now  Has Mobile Optimized Sites - Get Yours Now!  (via 
 Nice!  made the 2011  OnDemand 100 Top Private Companies list 
 Attention  Customers! You're Invited to Q2 HUG Meetup on April 21 
 Back to Work! Life After  $32M Investment Buzz 
 Home Improvement Company  Uses Marketing Analytics to Test Campaigns & Increase Conversion Rates  (
 3 Reasons to Stop Buying Leads & Start Generating Your Own  (via 
 ran 4.24 mi
 ran 4.15 mi
 March 2011 HubSpotter of the Month: Yoav Shapira  (via 
  Okay -- just forwarded the email to your address. Let me know if you still don't receive it!
 RT  Absolutely! RT  So proud to be a HubSpotter today. 
 BIG NEWS! We just announced the $32 M Series D investment from Sequoia, Google & Salesforce into  
 HubSpot Customer CBCI Telecom Experiences the Power of Social Networks  (via 
  Replied to your original email, which was sent from intern
  Did you get my email?
 Cool! A  fan just released a HubSpot jingle! Check it out: 
 How to Use Analytics to Achieve Your Next Blog Article's Goals  (via 
 Cake tasting! ( Lyndell's Bakery) 
 ran 3.02 mi on 3/1/2011 at 7:32 PM 
 Happy birthday to my awesome boss   Wish him well!
 I just ousted Andrew as the mayor of Newton Indoor Sports Center on  
 Last day of the month -- let's bring in those DINGS,  Sales Team! :o)
 OMG this autotuning  montage is phenomenal! LoL
 Friday already? Gotta love 4-day work weeks!
 New  Leads Application Now Available for Android Users 
 Is Your Business Prepared for the Mobile Browsing Takeover?  (via 
 Attention developers: You, too, can defend Princess Becky of  [video] 
 HubSpot Integrates With NetSuite CRM and NetSuite Ecommerce  (via 
  Thanks -- I can't wait either! :o)
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Lollipop From Aunt Niki 
 ran 4.26 mi on 2/18/2011 at 7:14 PM 
 Gotta love the SEO Rapper: 
 Watching The Social Network with  ... finally.
 Need More HUGS? Join Us This Fall in Boston for the  User Group Summit 2011! 
 8 Marketing Lessons From Online Dating  via  & the fabulous 
 Our new software engineer hiring strategy  was mentioned on CBS Boston News!  Come work for us!
 HubSpot CEO  to Join Massachusetts Innovation Economy Mission to Israel, UK 
 RT  A great review of  from customer & friend,  "Eight reasons I love HubSpot"  Thnx for ...
 5 Reasons to Encourage Your Sales Team to Blog 
 Happy Valentine's Day, Twittersphere! Ask out a prospect today! [Infographic] 
 Commercial Signage Company  Doubles Leads With  
 ran 3.69 mi on 2/13/2011 at 7:11 PM 
 Wishing my little man would just get rid of his eye infection already. Pool guy looks miserable :o(
 Companies that earned top marks from workers still look to improve -  (via 
  Check out this blog post! 'Facebook Announces New Design and Upgrades to Fan Pages' 
 Nice chapstick,  
 Paranoid that I'm going to catch Emmett's conjunctivitis. Is my eye sticky?
 3 Marketing Lessons From Drug Dealers  (via 
 RT  I should create a fake FB name called Nobody, so when I see stupid stuff, I can "like" it & it'll say "Nobody likes this"
 Had a great time at the  marketing team dinner in Beacon Hill. Headed home on the T -- it's been a while!
 Medical Device Marketers: Learn 6 Steps to Grow Your Business at Boston Event  (via 
 Who Are the Most Popular Silicon Valley CEOs?  via  
 RT  HubSpot is hiring - Like consulting? Hate your job? HubSpot might just be the change you need 
 Marketing Grader is launching soon and I'm one of the first in line! Join me.   via 
  Yeah. Allstate did a study about which astrological sign has the worst drivers. I was (jokingly) making a Dreamforce reference ;o)
 ran 3.42 mi on 2/6/2011 at 1:52 PM 
 ran 4.36 mi on 1/20/2011 at 8:04 PM 
 Hope you have your Terrible Towel handy,  
 Haha -- wonder what  astrological sign is...? ;o) 
 Thanks for the shout-out,  
 Loving the audience shots and fabulous views of  and  in the front row at 
 Watching  with  &  You can watch it, too! 
 Professional Services Company Improves Lead Capture & Nurturing With  
 RT  How To AMP Your Engineers: Ideas For Energizing Your Best 
 How to Leverage Your Inbound Links for More Referrals  (via 
  No prob. Glad you like it!
  Aaah, but  does! Self-guided tour  or recorded live demo . Enjoy!
 Vvia   Emphasizes Social, Mobile Tools 
 Hi JohnZajaros: Saw your tweet  Here's the link to the release  & to the blog post 
 Ugghhh --  Realized my address is wrong on my temp license. Who can I talk to to make sure it gets fixed & my license gets to me?
 HubSpot Unveils Innovations to Make SMB Marketing More Mobile & Social in 2011 
 Getting Em's hair cut ( Snip-Its: hair cuts for kids) 
 Finally got around to blogging on LittleBabyLump.com after quite a long hiatus: "A Long Overdue Update" 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Matching With Aunt Lulu 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Yes! 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- First Time Sledding 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Toddler Touchdown Dance 
 Getting ready to tune into  live in 10 minutes at 
 What a  MeetUp Looks Like 
 Happy to have painlessly survived my trip to the RMV this morning. Phew!
 HubSpot Continues Rapid Growth & Helps 4,000 Businesses Achieve Inbound Marketing Success  (via 
 HubSpot Announces Integration With SugarCRM  via 
 11 PM games are rough... ( Newton Indoor Sports Center) 
 HubSpot Fires First Shot in Boston Battle For Talent: $10,000 Bounty 
 HubSpot Marketing - Is It Changing Internet Marketing?  (via 
 ran 4 mi on 1/19/2011 at 7:56 PM 
 Dallas  User Group Celebrates 1 Year of Collaboration 
 How to Use Social Media Intel to Prep for a Sales Call  (via 
 HubSpot's  Releases The Facebook Marketing Book 
 Next Monday, join    and  for a  MeetUp in Las Vegas: 
 Snow AGAIN? Really? The sidewalks were just getting clear enough for me to run on them :o(
 My team  is awesome and buys me cheesecake for my 25th birthday :o) (Special thanks to   & 
  Birthday  is the best kind of dessert! (Cc 
 RT  The Technology Age Myth: Why Being Old is No Excuse Not to Embrace Internet Marketing 
 Haha -- too funny! Colleague just shared with me possibly the most awesome URL shortener ever, 
   sent me. A good book tour doesn't skip Boston! We'd love to have Mr Oats on www.HubSpot.tv!
 Hi  Saw your tweet to  re: bit.ly/experts2010. Can you email me more info? My contact info is at 
 Presenting the January 2011 HubSpotter of the Month, Christopher Haddad! 
  Right here: . Enjoy!
 New  case study! SRS Crisafulli Drops PPC & Attracts Higher Quality Leads: 
 DemandGen Review Praises  Inbound Marketing Software 
 Yay! My new  ebook is out: 13 Business Blogging Mistakes and Their Easy Fixes. Download it at 
 HubSpotters Can Ask Co-Founder  Anything 
 RT  What happens if one of your developers gets hit by a bus?  Find out with "Git by a Bus"  
 Are you a top-notch software engineer looking for a new job?  is hiring developers. Contact me if you're interested!
 ran 4.29 mi on 1/2/2011 at 10:29 AM 
 11 Essential Business Blogging Software Features 
 Time is running out to win a pre-loaded iPod Touch in  New Year's Countdown raffle. Don't miss your chance! 
  Thanks for the heads up! Can you DM more details? (Cc 
  Haha -- no iPad, but an iPod Touch is today's final prize 
 More prizes in the Countdown to 2011: Today, win tickets to  &  from  
  will be airing in 10 minutes. Tune in at !
 Today's Countdown to 2011 prize from  A marketing strategy session w/  Win it at 
 The Countdown to 2011 from  continues w/ the chance to win 1 of 5 marketing book bundles. Enter today! 
 Heading back to Boston from Maine ( Maine Turnpike (I-95)) 
 The New Year is coming! Play  2011 Countdown to win some awesome marketing prizes. 
 ran 4.21 mi on 12/24/2010 at 2:42 PM 
 Last day working before a nice, long, 5-day holiday break. Let's give it up for productivity today!
 HubSpot Parties at the MIT Museum to Celebrate the Holiday Season 
 3 Metrics to Prove to Your Boss That Social Media Marketing is Working 
 Wow -- it's turning into a real winter wonderland out there ...
 Happy Holidays From  [Video Card] 
 HubSpot holiday party! ( MIT Museum) 
 December 2010 HubSpotter of the Month:  
 First there were DeadHeads -- then there were 'HubSpotHeads' :o)  (via 
  Treadmills bore me. It's not so bad if you bundle up right! :o)
 Still time to register for today's Press Release Optimization Webinar at 4 PM ET w/  & yours truly! 
 ran 4.21 mi on 12/14/2010 at 8:10 PM 
 Ecommerce Website  Increases Online Sales by 40 Percent With  
 Just finished my fabulous massage. Thanks Allie and Cara! ( Bella Sante The SPA on Newbury) 
 ran 4.26 mi on 12/9/2010 at 8:16 PM 
 16 Reasons NOT to Use Google Analytics for Inbound Marketing 
   Walked me through it and I'm good to go now :o) Thanks for chiming in!
  You on gchat?
  It's actually a .mov file...?
 RT  All friends of  at Dreamforce, you're invited to a reception at 6-8pm at the W Hotel, 2nd floor. Join us! 
   I added audio to my timeline and am trying to render so I can edit
  -- Do you know what it means when I get a "General Error" message in Final Cut Express when I'm trying to render?
 'What's Next DC' Marketing Conference to Feature Keynote From  
 StudioPMG Achieves 1,047 Percent ROI With SmartBug Media and  
 Hi   forwarded me your DM re: having him as a speaker. Can you email me details to pseiple [at] hubspot [dot] com?
 ran 4.32 mi on 12/6/2010 at 8:22 PM 
 Trying out the new Facebook profiles ...
 Connect With  at Dreamforce! 
 Got our Christmas tree! ( Boston Christmas Trees) 
 Ridiculous (and gross): Women Accused of Hiding Stolen Goods Under Body Fat 
 Looks like the fam and I will be heading over to  for our tree today. Looking forward to doing some holiday decorating!
 Check out  CEO  guest article on  "10 Keys to Creating a Great Company Culture" 
 Truly looking forward to the weekend. Has this work-week been particularly long and exhausting for anyone else?
 RT  Congrats to HubSpot customer  which recently ranked  for Business Products & Services in the Inc.5000! ht ...
 Too much to do -- no time to tweet!
 ran 4.28 mi on 11/30/2010 at 8:06 PM 
  Just read your article. Congrats on your first true blog post!  ;o)
  pseiple [at] hubspot [dot] com
 Hi   forwarded me your DM about the opportunity on Focus.com. Can you DM me details?
 Samurai Lincoln :-) ( Crossroads w/ 2 others) 
 Let the eating begin! Gobble gobble
 ran 4.94 mi on 11/24/2010 at 4:50 PM 
 En route to New Jersey! ( I-84) 
 Crazy busy workday today. Looking forward to relaxing with my family for the rest of the week!
 Congratulations to the November 2010 HubSpotter of the Month:   (via 
 Short week for me. Today's my last working day before taking a few days off for Thanksgiving. Have a great one, everyone!
 I just ousted Kevin as the mayor of Newton Indoor Sports Center on  
  Had a great time - you guys had some great questions! Send me the link to that blog post if it materializes :o)
 David Meerman Scott to Become Marketer in Residence  
 Heading to  to speak to a bunch of new PR students about public relations and social media. Should be fun!
 ran 3.73 mi on 11/21/2010 at 7:21 PM 
  59 degrees & you're breaking out the Under Armor? You've turned into a left coast wimp. Remember when you lived in New England?
