   Yep! My husband and I are running the 5K as well! We'll be there until Wednesday the 5th! ;)
   Are you going for  in October? I'll be there!!
 RT  Huge numbers for our Live Request Hour on Magical Mouse Radio! Thank you so much!  Join us! 
 I am watching Brickyard 400 w/113 others   
 Woot!! RT  And I jsut got my picture with  Yay!
 RT  Ends today! Save 80% on Restaurant.com Certificates with promo code SAVE. Get yours before it's too late!  ...
 I'm at Target in Fishers, IN 
 I'm at The Original Pancake House in Fishers, IN 
 I am watching Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets w/109 others   
 Jersey Cafe, Carmel IN!   
 I'm trying to score cash in a Serve account. You can too.  NoPurNec 18+ 
 Hey  my answer is Victoria 
  It was really a huge splurge for us! My mom passed away from skin cancer and I try not to stay in the sun too long.
  We splurged for the cabana at Typhoon Lagoon when we were there a few weeks ago. It was pure heaven!!
 Never coming here again!!!  Marco's Pizza 
 Haircut for the guys   V's Barbershop 
  How long will you be there Chris?
 RT  Come help me feed starving african families at the kids against hunger tent at flavor of fishers!
 RT  Calling all Disney Vinylmation Collectors! Vinylmation giveaway from DisneyUnited coming soon! TELL YOUR FRIENDS! RT!  ...
 RT  DYK?: Both Tony Stewart and Ryan Newman are running brand-new racecars for the Brickyard 400. They've only been win ...
 <3 Tony!!! RT  Good morning Tony  
 RT  Follow  or Like on Facebook  for more information about Indiana's Pete Dye Golf Trail  ...
  &  Thanks for the  !! Have a great weekend!!
  Thanks for the  Todd! Hope you and  have a wonderful weekend!!
  I agree!!
  You too Jason!!
 Will do!! RT   Have fun at the scramble today.  Concentrate on your putting! :)
  Woot! Welcome  and  !!
 RT  RT Re-tweet this message to Win this Custom Vinylmation Urban 7 Grey Alien Artist Proof by Evilos 1 Winner Monday http:// ...
 RT  Marvel and Disney have released the first few clips, a mere 12 seconds, from The Avengers... check it out. . ...
 I am watching Antiques Roadshow   
  You're very welcome!!
 RT  Friday is almost here! Start the party early with dinner out and 80% off Restaurant.com Certs using promo code SAVE. ...
 I gave  +K about disney on  
 I gave  +K about disney on  
 I gave  +K about disney on  
 I gave  +K about humor on  
 I gave  +K about wine on  
  sign up for Klout and see how we compare! 
 RT  Flavor of  July 30, noon-10 p.m. 30+ area restaurants and plenty of family-friendly activities  ...
 RT  Golfers, we've got a giveaway just for you. Enter by Aug. 3 for a chance to win a round of golf on us .
 I'm at Flirt in Fishers, IN 
 Wow! RT  Bob Bradley has been relieved of his duties as the head coach of the  More info: 
 Yay!!  RT  Wow!  I leave in 2 months for Epic October!
 Me too! RT   "Retro WDW" is my favorite  show!
  You're very welcome!! ;)
 Ariel! RT  If you could spend a day with a Disney princess, which would you choose?
 RT  Golf legend Pete Dye at the podium, reflecting, cracking jokes about his courses.   
 RT  Governor Mitch Daniels just awarded both Pete and Alice Dye the Sagamore Of The Wabash award. 
 I'll be there!! RT  Who will visit  during food and wine festival?
 RT  $40 for one round of golf for two plus cart at Deer Creek Golf Club (up to $84 value) 
  That looks fun! I haven't picked up a club in 6 or 7 yrs. I'm on the team to balance a scratch golfer!!
  I'm "playing" tomorrow afternoon in my husband's company's scramble! LOL!!
  Interesting, I wonder why?
  You're coming to the Super Bowl!! 
 RT  Indiana unveils 'Pete Dye Golf Trail' today. Will highlight 7 Dye tracks in 5 areas of the state. From Culver to French Lick.
 RT  Crown Royal Whiskey will be announced as title sponsor of the Brickyard 400 at an 11:30 news conference. Multi year deal  ...
  Love when I can get away to the spa and get my pedicure!!! 
 RT  With just 200 calories in a portion,  Calorie Portions balance great taste w/ portion control! 
 RT  Did you know that  Calorie Portions can be prepared in your oven, toaster oven, or microwave?
  I have lost 15 now on Jenny Craig and   would fit in nicely!!
  totally dinner! My kids love Digiorno! Perfect portions!  
    Getting off work and making sure everyone gets where they need to be!!!
    I treat myself with a great pedicure!!
  I am losing weight on Jenny Craig and   would be great for me!! 
    My secret is a great pedicure!!!
    Time fir me!
 RT  Participants have five minutes after each question and then winner will be chosen for that giveaway period.  Good lu ...
    Woot!!
 RT  Kicking off the  Twitter Party with host  Join & follow us 4 a chance 2 win $1000 in gift ...
 RT  For tonight's party please follow our sponsor tonight,  RT please? 
  YAY!!!!
  come on you can do it!
 Very nice! RT  Epcot week continues on Flickr.  Today's  photo: Triangularities 
 Amen! RT  Action: Don't forget to praise the accomplishments of the children in your life.
  Thanks for sharing that post!! I'm sad I never met him! Prayers to both his family and Disney family!
 Yummy!! RT  Cheers ladies!! RT  Enjoying Rosa Regale in Italy.   
 Thanks!!  I received my card today!! 
 You're very welcome! Hope you feel better!! RT   Thanks T!!! =D
 Welcome Home!! RT  Day 13 of  contest!  
 I gave  +K about travel and tourism on  
 I gave  +K about moms on  
 I gave  +K about social media giveaways on  
 I gave  +K about travel and tourism on  
 I gave  +K about moms on  
 RT  Who wants to win a $200  I've teamed up with Golden Ears Travel to give one away! Enter HERE: http:/ ...
 RT  RT  NEWS!! 2011 Epcot Food and Wine Festival FULL BOOTH MENUS! 
  Somehow I need to get to the Top of the World Lounge!  ;(
  You're welcome!!
 RT  NEWS!! 2011 Epcot Food and Wine Festival FULL BOOTH MENUS! 
 RT  If you missed it yesterday: Ever wonder what the VIP lounge in Epcot's Wonders of Life looks like? Here ya go:  ...
 RT  One Ticket to See Def Leppard and Heart at Verizon Wireless Music Center in Noblesville on August 12 at 7:30 p.m. (Up.. ...
 RT  Mini Golf, Arcade Games, Pizza, and Drinks at Ben and Ari's and Marco's Pizza in Fishers. Two Options Available. http:/ ...
 RT  RT  NEWS!! 2011 Epcot Food and Wine Festival FULL BOOTH MENUS!!! Woo!!! 
 I just got one of the first US Spotify accounts because I have Klout!    Find out if you're eligible:  
 I gave  +K about movies on  
 I gave  +K about disney on  
 I gave  +K about tokyo on  
 I gave  +K about health on  
 RT   &  are giving away the Ultimate Mediterranean Escape! Details:  NoPurN ...
   Yay!! I am so excited! Paige will be well ahead of me I'm sure. 
  Yep! My husband  and I will be in our very first 5K!!
  That is so awesome!!! I'm so excited!!
 I am watching Star Trek: First Contact   
 RT  Tomorrow from 1pm EDT until 3pm EDT we will have a Facebook-only 50% off sale -  (Please retweet)
 RT  Every new follower of  till we get 300 will receive a free Campo Azul Tequila shot next time they vis ...
 Hey  I want to win a Mediterranean escape aboard   
 I love the pictures this week Dennis!!  RT  Today's  Epcot photo on Flickr: Service a la carte 
 RT  Follow & RT to win: We’re giving away a Banana Boat® gift package with a $25 iTunes® gift card!  US 18+
 RT  Be sure to enter to win a 3 Night Stay in a 3 BR LUXURY villa at  Resort Orlando just minutes from  ...
 RT  Who doesn't need extra Disney smackaroos? I'm giving away a $200 Disney Gift Card! Have you entered? 
 Sounds familiar! RT  "SHIT! SHIT! SHIT! FUUU-- FUUU-- Guuhhh..." -Ryan, who is playing Amnesia: Dark Descent in the room down the hall.
 RT  Oh boy!  There's an empty seat! :) 
 You'll love this  !! RT  Main Engineering -- Special Exhibit at NASA KSC Visitor Center 
 RT  The next  starts in just a few weeks. Check out all of the special menus here:  
  You're very welcome!
 RT  Remember our contest!  If we get 250 followers by Friday we'll give away a prize! Please RT!
 RT  Learn more about Taste of Downtown, one of Indy’s favorite food and wine events: . Retweet this post  ...
  I'm not a big comic book fan, but I loved Captain America!!
 RT  7 days, 7 chances 2 win 1 of 7 Samsung Galaxy Tablets w/ Serve from  Like us on FB to enter!  ...
 RT  Groupon is on ya'll! $15 for $30 at our store - valid for anything in our store! Share with your friends! =) =) http ...
  Thanks so much!!
  I see your avatar has changed!!
 RT   Alert! Use the code SAVE at Restaurant.com to for 80% off your purchase.
 RT  Today in Geek History: Stanley Kubrick is born, and we all soon become wary of red lights with soothing voices. Isn’t tha ...
  Do you have any coupons for  painters?
 RT  RT  (via  Don't forget to make plans to be at Flavor of  Sat. JULY 30, Noon - 10 p.m ...
 RT  Woke up in the middle of night thinking. Its been six months since I hit somebody! (Major Payne voice) 
 RT  Find out what gas prices are around the country 
  Use the promo code "save" when checking out on restaurant.com You'll get 80% off the cost of the certificate!
 Life is good! RT  Sitting on the Poly Beach, enjoying a drink, waiting for Fireworks...the entire world is at peace right now...
 My Disney vacation starts in 66 days, 2 hours and 36 minutes! To get your own countdown clock go to 
 Loved it!!! Stay after the credits!! RT  Captain America!  Harkins Fashion Square 7 
 Anyone catch the text code for  giveaway of Gen Con tickets? Trying to win for some kids I know!
 For the boys! $1 hot fudge sundaes today!!  Culver's 
 I've made plans for WDW Foodie Fest Snack Attack Illuminations Dessert Party 
 I'm at Target in Fishers, IN 
    Check on Restaurant.com for some great deals on Indy restaurants!
  That's great David!!
 RT  Be sure to LIKE our facebook page! 
 I am watching Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   
  What a great show!!
 RT   now has Twitter account for broadcast and race info.  Please follow! 
 RT  Come join me at the Beverly Binge, Sunday October 2, 3:00pm: 
 I am watching Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   
 OMG!! RT  Just booked a 2br club level suite at GF for two nights including 2 day ph tix - $5900
 I am watching Captain America: The First Avenger   
 I unlocked the Opening Week sticker on  
 Captain America!  AMC Theatre Castleton 
 RT  The Cent-Saving Daily is out! 
 Free earbuds with free shipping! I'm loving today's deal  
 Wow! Very nice app!! RT  For those who missed it, download a free Indiana Winery Guide iphone app at itunes. 
 Such a cute couple!! RT  Brian and i 
 I am watching Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull   
 LOL! My husband would agree! RT  Another reason to love  
  Really happy for you! My husband and I are married 26 yrs on Aug. 18! We married a year before we graduated from college!
 You know, I think that would be pretty good!! RT   How about  &  show!
 Woot!!! Congrats!! RT  Guess who bought her wedding dress today???!
 He is so adorable!! RT  It's...a boy!!!! ;)  
 I unlocked the Lone Wolf sticker on  
 I am watching Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade   
 I'm at Lowe's in Indianapolis, IN 
 I'm at Golden Corral in Indianapolis, IN 
 Great! RT   We might have a monkey or two there, but I'm not sure. Will tweet if they're on premises!
 RT  Retweet this for a chance to win our LE Winnie the Pooh Plush Set! 
  Will you be going to Gen Con Indy? it would be great to see you there!
 Happy birthday  !! Hope you have a wonderful day!! ;)
  That looks very "cool"!!
  Lots of prayers coming her way!!! So sorry to hear!
          Thanks for the  s today!!
  Shabbat Shalom  and   and all my Jewish friends!!
 Kilimanjaro Safaris! RT  What is your favorite attraction at Disney's Animal Kingdom?
 Congrats Betsy!! RT   I earned my ears today!
 Cool! RT  1976 pic of Comic-Con fans watching Star Wars for the 1st time 
 Woot!!! I just won $25 from  for  !!!! Just like  last week!! Thanks  !!!
 Woot!! RT  don't forget you can now listen to  on stitcher - produced by me!
 RT  Don't forget -- the WDW Dolphin is offering a special room rate and free upgrade to those attending   ...
   I'm so with you about Karamel Kuche!!! BOGP meet w/o  ;( Love the podcast!!
  Yes, everywhere!! Have you had the chance to try any of Williamsburg Winery wines? We Went a couple years ago! Yumm!
 RT  At 1,307 wonderful followers! Will you RT so we can make it to 1,400 this weekend!?! Everyone should have GREAT health ...
  Where is  taking place?
 RT  Who wants to win a $200  I've teamed up with Golden Ears Travel to give one away! Enter HERE: http:/ ...
 RT  You’ve got until noon to enter 4 a chance to win  Follow us and tweet ur plans w/   ...
 Now listening to Magical Mouse Radio on Live365:
  Thanks Mike! Have a great weekend!
 RT  I'm giving away a 4/day-3/night stay at  Orlando, a luxury villas resort minutes from  Enter here ...
 I'll take a margarita, on the rocks, no salt please!! RT  The 2nd annual Cosmic meet!! 
 Going to movies RT  Follow  &Tweet  for a chance to win a little extra $$$ for the weekend. 
 I am watching WALL-E   
 RT  Who wants to win a $200  I've teamed up with Golden Ears Travel to give one away! Enter HERE: http:/ ...
 I just entered to win a 3 night stay at  Resort Orlando from  
  We need an all Space music hour in honor of Atlantis and the whole space program!! 
 Yep! It's hot here too!! 
  Wow! Pretty productive!! I've been working on reports all day! 
  how are you doing today?? It's almost Friday!!
  Thanks!! I'll keep that in mind!!
  Awesome benefit!! It's also our anniversary!!
  You really are just snorkeling but with a supply of air. They loved it. I'm going to try it next time!
  Have you done the Aqua Tours in The Living Seas? My husband and younger son did that! So cool you get to "snuba" in there!
  My oldest son and I did the Segway Around the World Showcase!! Awesome tour!! Highly recommend!!
   We are going to see  !
 RT  Oh wow.......  
 RT  Retweet this post if you’re heading to  for  2011, a four-day event at the Indianapolis Convention Center!
  An Adventures by Disney trip to Australia!! 
  You're very welcome!!
 Now listening to Magical Mouse Radio on Live365:
 RT  I've lived through the first moon landing, the last moon landing, the first shuttle flight, and now the last shuttle  ...
 RT  Please vote for Steve H. Our Yards Went Disney!  VOTE NOW!!:  via 
 RT  Here's a photo of the memorial to Gus Grissom in his home town of Mitchell, Indiana: 
 RT  While we're all waxing nostalgic about space travel, recall that 50 years ago today Gus Grissom was the second American in space
 RT  RT  "Thank you Challenger, Columbia, Endeavour, Discovery & Atlantis." Thank you 
 RT  From inside the cockpit of Atlantis, "We're not going to stop exploring... God bless America!"
 RT  WELCOME HOME ATLANTIS!
 So very sad!! :( RT  Tonight is the last night ever that we will go to bed with a Space Shuttle in orbit.. :(
 I agree! RT  Soooo...2+ hours in SuperTarget is a very dangerous thing.   
 So cute!! RT  So glad to meet  &   
  Thanks so much!!
 Those look yummy!! RT  I'm having  favorite tomatoes.  
   seriously needs to plan better and follow some of us  people!!
 Awesome!! See you in October!! RT  Ice Cold Tequila Herradura shots now available at the Margarita Kiosk!
 Very Cool!! RT   woohoo! I have some coming up from DTD and MK tonight :)
  You're very welcome!! Love your instagrams!!
 I just entered to win a $200  from  and Golden Ears Travel  
  You're very welcome! I really look forward to your tweets!!
 Oh yeah! I'll tweet from  RT  Now you're talking! I'd love to shoot cosplay.
 LOL! RT  If Calgon could REALLY take me away, I wouldn't be bathing in it -- I'd be doing shots of it.
  I will! You'll have a field day with the pictures you can take  !!
  You are an influence to other people about Disney with your Tweets!! It's a good thing!!
 I just gave  +K about science and technology on  
 I just gave  +K about disney on  
 I just gave  +K about money on  
 I just gave  +K about jewish on  
 I just gave  +K about disney on  
 ;( Maybe next year!  It's fun! RT  I'd make plans to go this year, but there are already five other things going on that weekend. :(
 I completely agree!! RT  I have all the patience in the world for children. I have none for bad parents.
  My favorite scene (which is very hard to choose!!) is when Mrs Weasley takes out Bellatrix!!  
  Is this the one he cheated on??  LOL ;)
 RT  Watch & chat LIVE from Walt Disney World about this week's Disney news tonight at 7:30pm ET at 
 October! RT  Thanks Theresa!  Now we have to meet so you can help me figure this out ;). I know a spot near Orlando that may work..
  I am a  veteran! My brother's best friend in H.S. owns AEG (Legend of the 5 Rings) My boys love Gen Con!!! I people watch.
  Also the architecture is visually stunning!
  Sound definitely but my mouth starts to salivate thinking of all the great food and drinks around the World Showcase!!
 Now listening to Magical Mouse Radio on Live365:
  Dennis, do you ever go to Gen Con?
 RT  Enjoy "Christmas ini July!" all day long on Magical Mouse Radio! Cool off with great WDW Holiday audio!  ...
 Me too! RT  Me too. Live365 RT  I'm listening to Christmas in July on Magical Mouse Radio!
 RT  It's Christmas all day today with   &  .  ...
  Love the Straight No Chaser music!!!
 NO!! RT  Random space thought:  42 years ago we could put a man on the moon.  Today we can't even get to low earth orbit. Progress?
 RT  Anyone interested in getting a  autograph? If so, RT & click here 4 more info: .
  So sorry!! I'll try to get it to speed up!
 RT  Enter to win a new Canon 5D MK II camera body & 1 yr  from Scott Bourne. Please RT. Info at:  ...
  I hope you have a better day today!! 
 RT  Today in Geek History: In 1969, Armstrong takes mankind's 1st steps on the moon. They do not find Michael Bay or Decepticons.
 Now listening to Magical Mouse Radio on Live365:
 RT  Are you ready for Christmas in July? We're celebrating  along with   ...
  I really enjoy watching The Sorcerer's Apprentice every time it comes on TV!! Thanks!
 I am watching The Sorcerer's Apprentice   
 I unlocked the Check-in Rookie sticker on  
 Hey ladies, I am sharing my Klout Perk - a one year supply of Secret Clinical Strength Waterproof protection. Get it at: 
  OK great! Thanks!
  Can you enter more than 1 picture. Not sure I saw that on the info page.
 Yay! RT  Change of plans for next week's  - we'll be discussing Bedknobs and Broomsticks 
 This is a very cool give away! Check it out!! RT  We're giving away a $50 Disney Gift Card! For real realz! 
  Very cool contest Randy!!
  You're welcome Jackie!
  Adorable! RT  Walking into WL, a little girl said to her mom "its good to be back here" soooo cute!! 
 RT  BONUS: We'll  an extra VIP Coupon if you help us get to 9,350 Facebook fans. We're at 9,341 right now  ...
 RT  BONUS: We'll  an extra VIP Coupon if you help us get to 2,350 Facebook fans. We're at 2,341 right now  ...
 Lol! RT   lol well...NOT spinach and feta (picking her teeth) Maybe grilled cheese. Warm and familiar 
  Thanks!!
  Thanks  !!
  Twisted, curvy good!
  yes, You can find   at Marsh in the freezer section.
  Twisted, curvy good!
  I only tried the pizza kind. What should I try next?
  Love the pretzels!!
 RT  Pretzel fans: Have you tried our pretzels yet? If so, what's your favorite flavor? 
  Yes, please don't get into  ! I must admit it's fun having your tweets to see the Magic of Disney & Orlando!!
 Epcot!! RT  What is your favorite Disney Park? Vote now  or reply with your answer.
 Yes, please!! RT   Chocolate lolipops...The breakfast of champions
 Listening to Be Our Guest WDW Podcast - 
  Hope you have a magical day today Jackie!! Happy birthday!!
 RT  Orlando Groupon: Disney character dinner for half off 
 RT  When the Space Shuttle lands, everybody wear ape suits, pass it on.
 RT  Rumor is WDW is a great place for fams. Of course it's even better with a Whole Family Touring Plan! ^Josh . ...
  Wow 2 of my favorites in a row playing on www.magicalmouseradio.com !!
  Awesome!! Thx!!
  Great to hear you live while I'm still at work! How about some Off Kilter? Thx ;)
  You're taunting me aren't you? LOL ;)
 RT  Don't miss  with his All-Request Cafe today at 1:00 EDT on Magical Mouse Radio! Tons of fun!  ...
  Congrats Andrew!! Glad you're here!!
 RT  Whole Family Touring Plans 
 RT   fans! We're live at 1pm Eastern at www.CosmicReid.com! Hear Cosmic Reid's pre-trip report to  great music,  ...
  I totally understand that! I haven't been to WWOHP yet. I'm too cheap. Don't want to go to the rest of Universal.
  *did
  So cool!!!! Dud you get to go in to WWOHP after?
 Come chat with us now live at www.beourguestpodcast.com ! Fun time tonight 
 RT  Getting ready to DJ Live for a bit before the Be Our Guest Podcast Live Show tonight! Come join us! 
 RT  My love to Japan today. If USA had to loose WORLD CUP, I'm glad it was to japan. Like watching New Orleans win Super  ...
  it's on Syfy right now!
 I am watching Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest w/64 others   
  USA scores!!! 2-1 at the end of 1st OT!! 15 min to go!
  Tied 1-1 at the End of regulation!! Into OT now.
  Me too!
 I am watching 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup w/782 others   
 I am watching 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup w/78 others   
 I'm at Chatham Tap in Fishers, IN 
 Go Phil!!   
   Great job getting all that info out already!
 RT  Keep your eyes on  cause  is at the 2011 Epcot Food & Wine TablesInWonderland Preview taking  ...
 Woot!!   
 I unlocked the Opening Week sticker on  
 IMAX Harry Potter 3D!!  Hamilton 16 IMAX  
 I'm at Hamilton Town Center in IN 
 RT  I know we can do better than 44 votes. Please vote for   Our Yards Went Disney!  via  ...
  That was really cool of  to do that for your family!! Hope to meet him during Epic October!
   Hey Steve, voted for your "Our Yard went Disney!" We live in Fishers IN! So happy to see the Disney magic in IN!
 Beautiful!! RT  Look at the amazing painting of Epcot my wife made for me. Awesome 
  The Brazilians were wall to wall last week also!
 I am watching Good Morning America w/1190 others   
 I am watching Good Morning America w/1183 others   
 I unlocked the Team USA on GMA on July 16! sticker on  
         "Believe in Paradise"
 Yummy!   
 I unlocked the iPhoner sticker on  
  OMG I would so love to be there right now!! Have a wonderful dinner!!
 Yes please!! RT  It's Friday night, are you ready for some Rosa Regale?
  We had lunch there last week. I had the steak and potato skillet. It was good not filet great! 
   Cheryl and Todd!
 Very cool!!! RT  woot I won $25 from Serve !!
 RT         
  Thanks for the  Have a great weekend!!
 RT  Tweet  for a chance to win a little extra $$$ for the weekend. Accepting tweets till 5PM 
   Definitely Epic Oct/Foodie Fest!! 
  Good to see you too! Hope everything is well for you and you're family! We just got back from WDW on Saturday! Great trip!!
  You're welcome!!
 Yay!! Have fun!! RT  I'm at Magic Kingdom Park w/  
 Morrocco!! RT  Anyone want to guess where I am right now?  
  Got mine!! So excited!
  Thanks for the  Jeff!! Right back at you!!
 Me too! RT  Seeing "Mrs Weasley" and "Neville Longbottom" trend over "Harry Potter" makes me happy
  ThanksKelly!!
  Getting ready to pay my son's college tuition for the Fall Semester!! 
  You're welcome!!
  Hi Dodie! I didn't know you were on twitter!! Hope to get together again soon!
   Have a wonderful trip!! 
  Twitter is like your pensieve for  Keep them coming! I can't wait to see it tomorrow in IMAX 3D!!
  I love your  tweets!!
  You're welcome!!
  Reality is I'm home with a cold today!! My eyes will be closed a lot, so I'll be very happy!! ;)
  Well, I have to confess it's been tough coming back to reality!! My magical week with my 6 yr old niece (princess) was great!!
          (via 
            (via 
            (via 
           (via 
 I just gave  +K about disney on  
 I just gave  +K about disney on  
 I just gave  +K about movies on  
 I just gave  +K about disney on  
  Thanks Todd!! Have a great weekend!!
 RT  Hey Harry Potter AND Sirius/XM fans - check out channel 141 from today through Sunday for the LeakyCon channel!!
 RT  Hey Harry Potter AND Sirius/XM fans - check out channel 141 from today through Sunday for the LeakyCon channel!!
 I love that view!! RT  The view from our table at California Grill  
 Great!! RT   I know.. We are planning the Epic October Meet for the BOGP as we speak.. :)  Checking venues.. ;)
  MMR is sounding wonderful tonight!! 77 days until Foodie Fest/Epic October!! ;D
  We were  last week. I wore my arm band the whole week. Averaged 13,000 steps per day park hopping!!
 RT  A brilliant mind without faith is like a beautiful face without eyes. - Shalom Cohen
 RT  A brilliant mind without faith is like a beautiful face without eyes. - Shalom Cohen
  Come to Indianapolis!!
 RT  You MUST check out  "egg" luggage available only at  Hoosier Motor Club's Carmel office. 
  Love Retro Thursdays!! You too Mike! ;)
 Now listening to Magical Mouse Radio on Live365:
  I can't wait to see it this weekend!! Did you see it in 3D?
 Woot! RT  Looks like the  is heading to Indianapolis
 RT  Remember, please tweet your caption to  and include  to enter for a Royal Stay!
   This is why I spent so much money on my college education!!
 RT  FACT: People who walk briskly are, on average, 548% more successful than slow-walkers. 
 I just connected my  account with Foursquare. Connect and see how your  improves! 
   Those are some of the most beautiful pictures I've ever seen!!
 RT  Still looking for dads for a compensated research study! Email Melanie for details!
  That's awesome!! 
  Have a great time and hope the sushi was great!!
 Oh how I was there now!! RT   ready
  Those are so cute! Wish I could come to the party!! 
  Very good news!! Congrats!!
   So jealous right now!!
 RT  You Go Girls! USA women's footie rocks!
 Go USA!!!!! RT  Alex Morgan makes it 3-1! Great chip!!!! 
 LOL! RT   I have a Brazil futbol jersey you can have so you can fit right in.
  You've very welcome Kristen!!
 Absolutely!! RT  Everyone follow  - his recipes are awesome & he has the best celebrity tweets ever
 So cute!! RT  Oh, in case you were wondering: The gorgeous lady in my new avatar is 
  You're very welcome!!
  You're very welcome Jackie!!
 I just gave  +K about orlando on  
 I just gave  +K about disney moms on  
 I just gave  +K about disney moms on  
 I just gave  +K about wine on  
 I just gave  +K about walt disney world resort on  
