 Make sure to check out this exciting workship at the Cornell research farm next Thursday. 
 Listen to Sally Fallon Morell defend Raw Milk on NPR today at 12:06. 
 www.nofany.org/directory RT  Hello! Can you direct me to where I can find farmers in NY that supply restaurants? Thanks!
 Have you read The Dirty Life by Kristin Kimball? NOFA-NY and Essex Farm are hosting An Introduction to Farming... 
 Plant ID quiz  of the day: what is this very sweet-tasting plant, which is given as a treat to animals?  Bonus... 
 Plant ID quiz time!  Can you name this plant that can be used for many things, including as a sore-muscle... 
 I posted 82 photos on Facebook in the album "Between a Chicken and a Cow (Raising Medium-Sized Animals)" 
 Capacity is limited for Sunday's Permaculture Principles to Enhance a Diverse Market Farm, but there is still room... 
 What are you picking in your home garden? The NOFA-NY staffers are picking summer squash, cucumbers, tomatoes,... 
 Have you signed up for the NOFA-NY Locavore Challenge yet? You know you want to! 
 Fresh News, 7/20/11 
 The Brooklyn Food Coalition is having their first membership drive. Give them some love! 
 I want 10 more registrants before we're back in the office tomorrow-so REGISTER NOW for the  Challenge. 
 Hey, we're hiring! Check it out....  
 Hey, we're hiring! Check it out.... 
 We love seeing our member farms Kilpatrick Family Farm and Denison Farm CSA get this kind of press.  Cheers, farmers! 
 Warning: it's pretty addictive to look through menus in this collection: .  An interesting... 
 Who's ready to rock the Locavore Challenge? Registration is live NOW! 
 Photos from Thompson-Finch Farm field day are up on Flickr:  
 When the sun goes down, the fun is just beginning at the NOFA Summer Conference.  Friday Evening, August 12th, we... 
 Sign-On Letter to DEC Commissioner Martens for the DEC to Conduct a Full Agricultural Impact Study on Hydro-Fracking 
 Sign onto our letter urging the DEC to conduct a full ag impact study on hydrofracking. Email policy 
 National Ice Cream Day is Sunday! Drag out that ice cream maker, hit up the farmers' markets for some local cream,... 
 Help out our friends at Milk Not Jails and support their Kickstarter campaign. 
 Sheep and pigs and turkeys, oh my! Tour this amazing heritage breed livestock farm and learn how to incorporate... 
 I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album "Managing Pests and Weeds in the Urban Garden" 
 Buy Local Week: There’s An App For That. « Farmshed Nation 
 Our friends at the Brooklyn Food Coalition are now accepting members! It's only $25 and the list of membership... 
 Don't forget to check out our Organic Grain webinar next Tuesday. 
 Fresh News  
 Another strike against GMOs.  Butterfly decline.  What a shocker-loss of biodiversity begets further loss of... 
 Find all of the organic food you can eat through our newly improved searchable directory. 
 seems true!  Need to prioritize fruit picking based on what's expiring when. Raspberries & cherries 1st, blueberries not as urgent?
 Urban Gardening, Raw Milk, Berries...take your pick, we've got a workshop this week for you! 
 Whew! Lucky for us, Early-Bird Registration is still available for the NOFA Summer Conference…but only ‘til... 
 A few more reasons to make sure your food is produced a little closer to home than say-China. 
 Interesting! RT  Rolling greenhouse to start cross-country tour 
 This Sunday, Organic Berries and Apples at Thompson-Finch Farm (Columbia County).   Learn from... 
 We've got some AMAZING field days coming up-which one(s) are you going to? 
 If you are in NYC this week check out a screening of Farmageddon. 
 This year, the NOFA Summer Conference will feature a great Silent Auction. Thank you to our Donors!! Check out all... 
 Come out Monday night for a tour of Makinajian farm & the NYC/LI chapter meeting. 
 Weekly Fresh News "" .... tell us what you like!
 Help us educate consumers about the importance of organic farming in NY. We are seeking $20,000 for outreach. 
 Don’t miss the NOFA Summer Conference Early-Bird discount. Register by July 11th! Go to www.nofasummerconference.org! 
 Help us meet our mission of making organic food available to all. Our Food Justice program is in need of $7,500. 
 Save time when you go to a field day--register ahead of time!  
 Help us fund policy work to actively fight against GMOs- fight for RawMilk & for a fairer FarmBill. Need: $10,000 
 Help us fund a staff person assigned to providing one-on-one technical assistance to our farmers. Need: $8,000 
 Why woudn't you support NOFA-NY ?  We'll show you 10 reasons you should make a donation of ANY amount today! 
 Go buy a bottle (or two!)of Red Newt Wine and toast the memory of Deb Whiting: chef, locavore, and leader in... 
 What do you suppose this contraption (seen recently at Amawalk Farm in Katonah) is for? .  And... 
 Our Beginning Farmer Coordinator is very excited about the upcoming trips she's going to take to the Hudson Valley... 
 Dear Chipotle Mexican Grill, we love that you're going even more Locavore! A big thanks to GOOD for this great... 
 Dear Chipolte, We love that you're going even more locavore. 
 Check out NOFA Interstate's new website--it's a great way to connect to each state and their programs. 
 NOFA-NY is hosting an Organic Dairy & Field Conference this Novemeber 4th at the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Syrcause,... 
 Did you know The Great New York State Fair is now offering ORGANIC vegetable and fruit competitions? Maybe there's... 
 Check out this awesome hike this weekend with Frost Valley YMCA.  It's FREE & has a cool tour guide!  
 Fresh News  
 Listen to this great interview of Ben Grosscup, Summer Conference Coordinator, on "What's for Dinner?" 
 Big Red’s Chicken Shed in Palmyra, NY has more than 50 available frozen birds and is processing 25 new Certified... 
 You can sign up for any of our summer field days at any time!  See the full list of topics and locations at... 
 Who's been participating in Eat Drink Local week? There are events all across the state! 
 Hoping farmers in the  listening area know about our Organic Berry Growing workshop on July 17! Details: 
 Anyone attending a Day of Action Against Fracking event tomorrow? 
 Five beginning farmers from New York have been awarded NOFA conference summer scholarships!  If you, a farmer with... 
 What's better than a locavore? A fly-fishing locavore! Learn how this Saturday  Frost Valley YMCA 
  Kristin, contact our office, we have heard of a few insurance companies who (so far) are OK with raw milk. It's getting ugly.
 Harvard prof on urban ag as HARMFUL not helpful!Shortsighted? Doesn't consider re-purposing of non-res spaces etc 
 This article is about traditional plant breeding and how it differs from GMO development. It has a great... 
 Hey NY-CT border farmers, check this out! 
 Have you heard about The Greenhorns Midsummer Mixer in Essex, NY? Check it out... You could use the NOFA-NY Ride... 
 "Polenta is a gateway grain" for chefs incorporating NY grains into their menus.  Other whole grains as side... 
 Hooray for Brooklyn Grange renewing their membership at the farm level! Interested in being a part of our diverse... 
 Wishing everyone a sunny and productive first day of summer!  What are you doing to welcome the season?... 
 We host field days all over the state.... have you checked out the field days in your region?! On Wednesday,... 
 "Weird, icky, gross, strange"...what other words would you use to describe GE cows milk to substitute for human milk? 
 Semi-regular plant ID quiz!  Can you identify it before it blossoms and fruits?  Related to much more well-known... 
 I posted 36 photos on Facebook in the album "Producing Quality Food and a Green Community through Urban Farmin" 
 We love heritage grains & so will your customers! Learn about markeing organic grains during our next webinar on... 
 We LOVE Jerry Dell Farm Store's new website.  Check 'em out & add them on FB. 
 Fresh News - 
 Sign up NOW for Monday's workshop on organic fruit production at GrowNYC market vendor Gorzinski Ornery Farm.
 With all our upcoming field days across NYS, we're surprised that more people haven't posted to our... 
 Here's our REAL Happy Birthday to Rachel, NOFA-NY's Beginning Farmer Coordinator!
 There is still some time left to register for the June 16th Field Day at Amawalk Farm! Join us as we take a look... 
 we missed you but we'll get you all the info :) RT  Think I might be missing today's  field day at 
 We had a great crowd of about 20 people, all with unique reasons for attending, at our Urban Farming workshop at... 
 Congressman Hanna (Co-Chair of Organic Caucus) tours NOFA-NY organic dairy farm --NOFA in the News!   
 Our very own Kate Mendenhall seen here.  Thanks Congressman Hanna for taking the lead here:  
 Our very own Kate Mendenhall seen here:  Thanks, Rep. Hanna for the initiative!  
 NOFA in the news!! Congressman Hanna --Co-Chair of House Organic Caucus-- tours organic dairy farm in Herkimer County -- 
 A big happy birthday to our Beginning Farmer Coordinator from the NOFA-NY team! We <3 you, and all the good work... 
 We received about 50 boxes this morning: NOFA-NY 2011 Organic Field Days, 2011 Organic Food Guides, Summer 2011... 
 Fresh News - 
  Liz Henderson's CSA book  Powells Books in Portland (vacation pic) a little piece of NOFA on the west coast!
 RT  If every JF twitter pal donates $2 we will be able to help 4 communities build coops this year. Let's do this!...
 Contact our office if interested! RT  Got some extra space on your city rooftop? Why not farm it… (cont) 
 Speak up for small farms & voice your concern over the resurrected USDA Leafy Greens Marketing Act. 
 Happy Monday! Check out this video (relevant to farmers and advocates): . The last minute is a... 
 Make sure to register for our upcoming workships including this one on safe greens harvesting & handling. 
 We love that you like us, but we hope you'll consider joining us as a member! Check out all the benefits on our... 
 We love that you like, so we hope you consider joining NOFA-NY as a member. See the benefits of supporting... 
 It's the last day to sign up for the Safe Produce Harvest and Handling for Organic Producers at Pedersen Farms in... 
 Fresh News - 
 Still a few spots open for urban aggies looking to learn and network on June 12th in Queens:  
 TIME magazine article on kids' Farm Camps, featuring member Stone Barns. 
 REGISTER NOW!
 Former NOFA-NY Exec. Dir., Greg Swartz on why food and fuel don't mix. 
 
 Our on-farm Field Days are now avaialble to register for through August. We'll be adding our event pictures during... 
 Meet Carl Russell, a horse-logger, forestry consultant, and timberland owner from Bethel, Vermont. He has operated... 
 Need a summer job? Love kids AND farming/gardening, contact Andy at Frost Valley YMCA Farm Camp to apply today! 
 We are going to be sharing presenters from the NOFA Summer Conference every day or so.  If you haven't signed up... 
 Thx!  RT         
 Did you know that NOFA-NY is hosting more than 40 workshops this summer/fall?  Check out this one on goats! 
 Wondering how to spend your holiday weekend?  The Finger Lakes Cheese Trail kicks off the summer season on... 
 "Some people worry that artificial intelligence will make us feel inferior, but then, anybody in his right mind... 
 Register now for the NOFA Summer Conference! Keynote speakers are Eric Toensmeier & Dr. Ignacio Chapela.... 
 Call Your Senators TODAY & tell them to reject the House Agricultural Appropriations Bill.   
 Call Your Senators TODAY or TOMORROW and tell them to reject the House Agricultural Appropriations Bill. Tell them... 
 if you were at our May 16th season extension workshop, please let us know what you thought (we have received... 
 Fresh News - 
 Wow! We have over 50 Exhibitors signed up for the NOFA Summer Conference in August. Check them out:... 
 And now, for something a little lighter (but with some serious save-the-environment appeal)  
 WAMC: Study highlights links between civic engagement, local agriculture --CSA!!!    (2011-05-23)    
 Listen to NOFA-NY Farmer & Policy Co-Chair Mark Dunau talk about hydo-fracking. 
 Take THAT Monsanto! Court of Appeals dismisses GE Sugar Beet case ruling in favor of farmers and  
 Check out our upcoming organic dairy workshop on June 3rd. 
 Mark Winne introduces elected officials who have taken a lead on food policy. 
 Multnomah County Food Action Plan has a comprehensive planning vision for a sustainable anhealthy food system.  
 Check out The Seattle Farm Bill Principles:  www.seattlefarmbillprinciples.org. 
 Oregon grows food! Which is why it receives less agricultural subsidy than North Dakota. 
 Have you tried a crop mob yet? Check out this one next weekend in Bedford Hills! 
 Sugar is 2% of US ag. output and 17% of political contributions.  
 Oregon congressional reprentative talks about building coalition beyond the beltway thru food. 
 Sign up today for our June 3rd workshop on Safe Produce Harvest & Handling! 
 Garlic is our early leader for nominations for an organic New York State vegetable.  Have you voted?... 
 Down with GMOs!   Discovery of Bt insecticide in human blood proves GMO toxin a threat to human health, study finds 
 We can't all sit in plenaries & conference rooms all the time. At the end of the day you have to *build* the alternative.  SWOP 
 If you go back far enough, we are all agrarian.  We were all responsible for food and for each other.  R. Rodriguez S.W.O.P 
 POWER links the resource of land at schools with community groups to make urban gardens. 
 Jaren Brown - POWER. People Oganized to Win Employment rights.  Describes the " Right to Thrive" initiative - linking schools... 
 Americans under the age of 30 are majority minority. Build campaigns that build their leadership.  - Kolu Zigby 
 Good policy comes when those effectedby policy set the agenda and hold leaders accountable. Need a broad base movement. 
 Kolu Zigby is plenary speaker convening panel on food justice and diversity. 
 Portland's mayor dug up grass to plant food at City Hall. Harvest goes to shelters. 
 Portland's mayor gardens, keeps bees, and has chickens. Mentions that there are 100s on waiting lists for community gardens. 
 Follow the CFSC Neighborhood to Nation Conference at  Glad to be here.
 We're at CFSC Food Policy  Conference.  Live tweeting on efforts to create sustainable food systems to follow.  
 Weekly Fresh News :) 
 Fresh News - 
 Pop quiz: identify the spring edible that this flower (not edible) belongs to.  Extra credit if you can ID a... 
 I posted 22 photos on Facebook in the album "Shiitake Mushroom Production: Spawn, Soup and Everything in Betwe" 
 This seems like a hopeful story about rethinking ag subsidies. 
  showcase- agsquared software looks like it will be an amazing resource to our farmers! Please sign up today! It's FREE!
  showcase-listening to NOFA-NY member,Cayuga Pure Organics.They're the largest supplier of organic beans & grains in NY state!
 We're heading over soon to set-up!  Tickets Will Be Available at the Door Starting at 1 pm! Please come out.
 Is barley the missing link to getting more local organic brews in NY state? Join our May 17th webinar on how your... 
 It's not too late! Join  for a vineyard walk & wine tasting at Shinn Estates this afternoon from... 
 Fresh News - 
 Now you can drink Horizon organic milk and be sure you are supporting NY state farmers and drinking NY state milk. 
 If you are in  tonight make sure to check out the  movie/fundraiser at Anthology Film Archives 
 Member Taliaferro Farms is featured in this article on CSA preserving small farms and farmland in the Hudson Valley. 
 Tell us: What is your favorite memory from the 2011 Winter Conference?
 Inspired for the work we do at NOFA by my breakfast this AM. Homemade organic quiche and a message from  CEO inside my yogurt cup
 NOFA/Mass has announced the procedure for applying for Beginning Farmer Scholarships to the NOFA Summer... 
 TeamSave Rochester goes organic today! CR Zornow, certified organic by NOFA-NY, is the deal of the day. If you're... 
 Any great  gifts being gifted today for moms day? I'm giving my mom a share in an organic flower csa- chicory blue gardens in 
 Check out Greenmarket's first local beer vendor! We're looking forward to visiting the market this summer, picking... 
 Our Beginning Farmer Coordinator can't wait for our Shiitake Shroom Workshop tomorrow.  She's crossing her fingers... 
 CoFed (Cooperative Food Empowerment Directive) will empower college students to incubate and launch a new wave of... 
 Make sure to sign up for our Ithaca workshop on Season Extension.  Spaces are limited and running out! 
 "You never change things by fighting the existing reality. 
 The daily email from Food News Journal linked us to an article called "The Non-Organic Future." We're curious to... 
 Happy Fresh News day! Tell us what you like about this week's edition.... 
 Fresh News - 
 We're excited about the 15 people who have signed up for our Shiitake Production workshop (this Sat.).  Pre-reg... 
 We're excited about the 15 people who have signed up for our Shiitake Production workshop (this Sat.).  Pre-reg... 
 It's raining in Rochester AGAIN today... the farmers aren't going to like this. What's the weather like where you are?
 Tell us: What was your favorite ORGANIC moment this weekend?
 It was a beautiful Saturday in Western New York. Here is hoping that all our fans had the opportunity to enjoy it!
 Tomorrow is the LAST day to use the drive-2011 discount code to get your $10 membership! Have you taken the step... 
 Tell us: what's the one thing you always buy organic?!
 What field day planning looks like in our Education office!  Tough to stay organized, but worth it! 
 Don't forget to sign up for our Shiitake Production Workshop! Pre-reg deadline May 3rd!  
 Happy Wednesday, fans! Check out our weekly e-news :) 
 Fresh News - 
 Here's a little lunch time reading for y'all.  For our upcoming Locavore Challenge we're considering hosting some... 
 One more week to pre-register for our Shiitake workshop (on May 7th in Western NY).  Hop to it!  
 Have you crowd-sourced yet? Help out our friend Marty push his very cool local business Small Potatoes get to the... 
 Check out "Water Fight! Fracking, Food, Art & Economy "  via  ---We'll be there!
 NY wineries are "greening" up. 
 People are coming from far parts of NY to attend our Shiitake workshop.  Your $10 membership (hurry-the deal ends... 
 Have you gotten your $10 membership in the month of April? NEW members get 75% off. Don't wait long... this deal... 
 Parsons The New School for Design and The Baum Forum (co-sponsored by NOFA-NY) present an action-oriented... 
 Prenatal pesticide exposure tied to lower IQ in children, study finds.  Recommends Organic.  
 Shiitake Mushroom Production is May 7th, Season Extension Workshop is May 16th! Sign up now, spots are filling:... 
 As a 1% for the Planet partner NOFA-NY works every day on behalf of the planet we all call home. This Earth Day we... 
 Hey farm apprentices/young farmers/new farmers! If you want to receive updates on NOFA-NY programs just for you,... 
 Upstate Niagara Cooperative, NOFA-NY business member, effective April 1, no longer sells milk from cows treated... 
 Help eradicate feral swine from NY!  Feral swine are a real problem in CA and add to farm food safety risks.  
  If you still want a set of ours, we'll send them to you!
 Fresh News - 
 Sweet corn wins poll to be the NY state vegetable. Will it become official? 
 Passing along this questionnaire.  Click to help identify reasons to save farmland:  
 See, hear, learn, ask 3 farms about their season extension specs & your farm 4-season prod goals (Ithaca, 5/16)... 
 Memberships are rolling in! We are up to 240 new members....are you a member yet? 
 998....today we will hit 1,000 FB fans! But we only have 120 new members.  Join for just $10 today!
 This weekend NOFA-NY will have $10 membership tables in Syracuse on Saturday, April 16 at the Syracuse Real Food... 
 Have you been wondering how to grow Shiitake Mushrooms as a high-value farm product? Join us May... 
 We're 13 people away from 1000! Can we make it happen?
 Don't forget tomorrow is the LI Small Farm Summit! You can get a $10 NOFA-NY membership if you're there. Come out... 
 Pennsylvania Association for Sustainable Agriculture (PASA) and NOFA-NY are coming together to host "Transitioning... 
 Inoculating logs with mushroom spawn is fun! Join us at the May 7th Shiitake 'shroom workshop--the more the... 
 Help shape the 2nd NY Locavore Challenge! We're seeking committee members, potluck hosts & recruitment captains.  Contact us for more info!
 Coming soon, to a city near you: open-source agriculture  via 
 Fresh News - 
 Register NOW for next week's Organic Food Grain Marketing Webinar on 4/19. 
 Urban farm featured in NY Daily News:  
 "If I teach three people to farm, then maybe they will teach three people how to farm" 
 Cornell Prof finds natural gas extraction to be dirtier than coal or oil. 
 Once Again Nut Butter, NOFA-NY business member, is getting national attention! Read the article to see why Men's... 
 Spring means many things.  Among them, warm weather and shiitake mushroom inoculation, so register for the... 
 We're almost to 1000 fans! Help support sustainable agriculture by suggesting this page to friends, and check out... 
 Go lady farmers!  U.S. Sees More Female Farmers Cropping Up | 
 Join NOFA-NY for $10 this Sat.  Abundance in Roch. or Sun.  Park Slope Food Coop in Bkln. Or join online now! 
 Rainbeau Ridge, NOFA-NY farm member, is featured on Martha Stewart's blog today and we hope you'll enjoy the... 
 Do your CSA members/FM customers ask you about mushrooms? Consider signing up for our Shiitake workshop:... 
 Have you voted for the NY state vegetable? Check out New York Farm Bureau to voice your opinion!
 What do power drills, wax and microscopic cells have in common?  Find out at our Mushroom Production Workshop on... 
 What is YOUR vote for the NY State Vegetable? 
 Join NOFA-NY for $10 this Sat.  Abundance in Roch. or Sun.  Park Slope Food Coop in Bkln. Or join online now! 
 We're always on the lookout for quality farm- and food-related books for kids.  Any other suggestions from the... 
 Loving this infographic on US calorie consumption (past 40 yrs)-look at the explosion of grains & added fats! 
 Fresh News - 
 NY Urban Homesteaders---featured in the NY Post   via 
 Senate confirms Darrel Aubertine as NYS Agriculture Commissioner 
 We're hiring (7) part-time regional reps for the summer.  Apply by the 22nd! 
 NOFA-NY to hire 7 Regional Representatives to energize local organic regional activity!  Apply: 
 This article on round-up ready food is getting a lot of buzz on our go-nofa forum this morning. 
 Help support organic farming for ONLY $10-become a NOFA-NY member during our April Membership drive! 
 Did you know NY has an organic dairy princess? Awesome! 
 Gillibrand named Ag Sub-Committee chair. Time to push her on what she can do for organic ag! 
   Lawns are for Sheep, Yards are for Gardens - Check this out NY... down with the snow!   www.y2g.org    
 Resorted to walking the neighborhood with my phone scanning for unsecured networks ..
 Fresh News - 
 RT   Richard Ball from Schoharie Valley Farms talking a/b  protection from producers perspective.
 Delicious deviled eggs from  at the  rally lunch!
 Great seeing so many friends at the rally!     
 In Albany speaking with legislators today ay the AFT Lobby Day 
 Oh SFO!  Everyone is so hip. And you have Peets...  Nice to be home.
 In Albany? Come out to  tonight (from 5- 8pm) & join NOFA-NY for just $10 during our membership drive at... 
 Trying to remember the name of a vendor or presenter from the NOFA-NY Winter Conference? Find a downloadable... 
 The Atlantic on the future of Raw Milk Cheese.... 
 Check out one of NOFA-NY's Farmer's Pledge farms, Clover Road Farm in the Democrat & Chronicle today! 
 
 Our 1st Membership Drive! Sign up as a consumer or gardener member for the 1st time before 4/30 for only $10 (75%... 
 Wow!  What a great slice of the Just Food <CSA in NYC> Conference from earlier this month.  It's not too late to... 
 Join the virtual rally for your right to know; tell Congress to label genetically engineered food! 
 A thoughtful look at the chemical changes in our food systems and why organic matters... 
 Don't forget to come out tomorrow to the Rochester CSA Fair in the Village Gate from 1-4pm!
 Check out our newest pages for NOFA-New York's Long Island and NYC Chapter and NOFA-New York's Susquenango... 
 J’ai publié 8 photos sur Facebook, dans l’album Capital Region CSA Fair 
 The Rochester CSA Fair is in the Village Gate this Saturday (March 26) from 1-4pm!  Stop by and say hi to your... 
 Earlier today I was just saying, why don't CSAs offer coffee shares as an add-on? Then lo-and-behold I see one of... 
 Fresh News - 
 Wednesday afternoon, 3:30pm: we hear the farmers' trucks pulling up behind the building for Highland Winter Farmers Market! 
 Food: Six Things to Feel Good About - Check out this great article by Mark Bittman.  It will make a snowy day (in... 
 Are you a student or grad who is interested in helping the organic movement? If yes, then check out our summer... 
 More women farmers! 
 Check out this great blog post about Larry Siegel and Kathy Morris from our NOFA-NY member Marty Rosen! 
 Glad for all the great Local Foods Folks who came out!  Check out Small Potatoes innovative fundraising campaign... 
 A wonderful CSA Fair in Syracuse today!  7 farms, Slow Food CNY, and the Food Bank of CNY doing food stamp... 
 Only 30 minutes left at the SYR CSA fair!  920 Euclid  Westcott.  Come find your farmer!
  seasonal food tasting at SYR CSA fair.  920 Euclid  Westcott. C'mon down!
 Choosing a CSA at the SYR CSA fair.  Now at 920 Euclid Ave! 
 NOFA-NY CSA fair at Erwin United Methodist church in SYR!! 920 Euclid at Westcott! Come meet farmers and sign up :: 1pm - 4pm
 RT  Talking 2 the bd of the adirondack park agency this PM. ADK  what do you want the APA to know? How can they help u?
 Audobon's Top 10 List of Sustainable Food Books. Thoughts? Additions? 
 RT  A beautiful day for starting seeds. First flats of leeks and onions going in the greenhouse today. The growing season begins!
 Fresh News - 
 NY State Assembly and Senate vote to restore state agricultural funding. 
 $10 plus a potluck dish gets you in to a farmer-educator event! our Beginning Farmer Coord. will b there!... 
 Attn Farmer-educators in the Ithaca/Finger Lakes: Training of trainers at Groundswell TOMORROW:  
 RT  has special  Barn Raising Brown 22oz-ers   to benefit  ...
 Direct Link to the Grain Marketing Webinar that begins in less than 10 minutes (12pm-1pm):... 
 Rochester-area community supported agriculture programs give consumers a taste of the farm 
 You can sign up for a CSA today in Troy!  Winter FM NOFANY csa fair.
 NOFANY CSA Fair is about to begin at Troy Farmers Market. Come on down amd meet the owner eof this shirt! 
 We are so proud of our LI chapter for the great work they are doing! 
 Capital Area folks--we better see you tomorrow at the CSA Fair! 12-3 at the Troy Winter Farmers Mkt. 
 Thought provoking article on GMOs and why they won't save us. 
 2 Wonderful Days of Grain!  Grain Marketing Webinar on 3/15 
 2 Wonderful Days of Grain!  to Bakery Training on 3/14 
 Wendell Berry receives humanities medal from Obama 
 This week's edition of Fresh News (our weekly e-newsletter).  Check it out! 
 Fresh News - 
 UN report demonstrates that agroecology, if sufficiently supported, can double food production in entire regions... 
 One (or two) year from today, your community could be eating their Shrove Tuesday pancakes with your farm's... 
 Happy Women's Day, Happy Pancake Tuesday: shout-outs to the women farmers and grain/dairy/egg/maple farmers in NY, nationally & worldwide!
 Ok Homesteaders:  this is a fun and inspiring link. If anyone goes out to Oakland, you should visit! 
 brings up points 2 agree w/ & 2question: RT  In New Food Culture, a Young Generation of Farmers Emerges 
  have you checked the NY Maple Weekend listings?  
 RT  Jean-Paul Courtens, "Grassfed animals are not only good for your health.  They're good for the planet as well." 
 RT  Standing room in An Overview of Racism in the Food System session   // RightOn!
 We're sorry to miss the   conference today. Will be following the twitter feed from afar.
 we've been planning our year's work 2day. something 4 every1 starting, well, NOW!  GAPs training 3.23-24, first outdoor field days in April!
 No Farms No Food Rally & Lobby Day on March 30th, 2011. 
 Here's a shoutout to our newest NOFA-NY, Inc. Board President, Jamie Edelstein! 
 Please urge your Members of Congress to attend the screening of Pig Business, a film exploring the impacts from... 
 c our proj:  RT  Our culture abounds with images of farmers. Sadly, many of them are insulting 
 Cayuga County farmer heads NOFA-NY promoting organic and local food | syracuse.com 
 Fresh News - 
 Check out this article on NOFA-NY's new Board President Jamie Edelstein! 
 rather we build supportive networks for our own organic farmers RT  Organic Monitor predict… (cont) 
 Take 1 min and tell MSNBC that you think GM Foods should be labeled. 
 Some of us will be on WIOX farm hour tonight (about 6:35pm): listen at  
 And we should mention our platform for farms to post open apprenticeship jobs:  
 Learning to be a better farmer-educator event at Groundswell Center--something to consider if you are going to be... 
 The organic community needs to focus on consumer education about GE.  What role for nonprofits in this? 
 Is it time for a march in DC? tractors on the mall?  
 Need to assail the argument:  biotech can fees the world. Peer reviewed studies show transition to organic can incrse yield 150%.
 RT  Letters to Obama against GE alfalfa deregulation were noticed. DC insiders say keep the noise level up.  
 Apparently it is very difficult to run an anti-gmo op/ed because chemical - biotech is one of the top newspaper advertisers.   
 Update on GMO alfalfa ,
 RT  "We invented a broken food system, so it's up to us to fix it." 
 RT   Interviewed 2young farmers here, each w/ their own operations. Will post on www.farmfoodandhealth.com later.
 RT   Also interviewing some other young farmers in a little bit. More on that later.
 Baby wants to talk to keynote. Guess it's time to hit the rest of the trade show!   
 Tom notes that rather than social mission asadd-on to biz, many young farmers and bizfolk have social mission driven biznez. 
 Just said, "hi" to  - former Earlham College Coop volunteer! Now farming at City Farm - 1 acre urban farm in Chicago!  
 Faye Jones, cochair of conference  recognized large  of young folk at  Indeed! The future of farming.
 Next up Tom Stearns from  in VT. Building whole food systems. 
 What is the future of  Folks should check out  - whole diet year round CSA. Read _Dirty Life_ by  
 Will we move CSA from niche to norm if low income folk can only access donation shares?  How many  take EBT? 
  Thanks! Will call those folks. Eat well.
 One farm membership option  is "veggie free" allowing folks to support farm and stay connected - support lo income shares. MOSES2011
 Farm has donation option at sign up. Now with money set aside - how to identify low income members for  Ask members to refer. MOSES2011
 Is anyone collecting data on  membership and wellness? Is it needed? Can we use general data on eating fruits and vegetables? 
 HMO has brought in many members.  Can it move  CSA from niche to norm? 
 Do insurance subsidies bring in substantial  members?   Are they truly committed to the model? 
 All farmers talk of importance of the direct investment of consumer.  How to talk about shared risk of   MOSES2011
 One farmer talks about scaling back: dropping members for greater intimacy in the  Wants members to be community.   MOSES2011
 Looking forward - issues of transparency in  as more buy & distribute off-farm products.  When does is become wholesale?  
 Dave Perkins (WI) talks abt the leap to farm  people want meaningful opportunity to connect w/ the farm. That's why it works 
 First up: Roundtable Reflections on the CSA Movement.  
 Light dusting of snow overnight in LaCross! Last day of   Lots to see and do. First: a brisk walk before all those sessions.
 RT  RT  Roundup Ready alfalfa is a "bad solution to a problem that doesn't exist." -Michael Pollan 
  ...young organic stewards track focus on 18-25 yos: beg farmers, finding land, education for farming & social events. 
  Lots of young farmers (doesn't always = bfs).  hear that many are taking parent's farms!  Also college folk!  2011...
  Ah! "enough other *farming* exper" - before jumping into CSA's complex crop planning, delivery & social arrangements. 
 In North Dakota there's lots of research on organic cover crop systems - with an emphasis on no-till.  
 Lack of resources allocated to organic research engender cross-state collaborations.  
 Bridging academy and farm: how to increase organic research and get results for and to farmers. 
 Your search for recipes just got even easier...google takes over recipe navigation. 
 Are your CSA members overwhelmed?  Consider a smaller standard share for less money = more members  
 Talking to members about improvements on the farm? talk in "shares" eg: A small tractor costs"12 shares/year" for 7 years.  
 Advice to new CSA farmers: get enough other experience that you can deliver 24 weeks of diverse produce to members.  T Blomgren 
 Winter shares growing in popularity.  4 months of winter greens from tunnel plus roots, cider.  Is this true for others? 
 The successful CSA with Ted Blomgren of Wildflower Farm. - 1100 member, diverse CSA -- from Upstate NY!  
  Tuesday was National Margarita day, and today is Tortila Chip day...did I miss Guacamole Day?
 Already seen friends from  and  
 Check out this blogger and NOFA-NY member, Marty Rosen!  Connecting good food and good people through her blogs. 
 Made it to MSP!  One more leg to La Cross WI...
 RT  is going to  Conference. What other Tweeps will be there?  Reply or dm and we can meet up!    
  is going to  Conference. What other Tweeps will be there?  Reply or dm and we should meet up!     
  will be live tweeting from Midwest Organic & Sustainability Education Service (MOSES)  Conference Thu-Sat!!   
 Fresh News - 
 CSA is making the news everywhere! Are you planning on coming to one of NOFA's CSA Fairs this March? 
 Hey! Our raw milk post is getting more attention than info on hands-on cow-milking, and veggie-growing etc... 
 Actual facts and figures on illnesses from raw milk & raw milk cheeses mirror those in pasteurized milk. 
   C_McMahon77 so right! we work on both, so perhaps that's the confusion.  prez's were about comm service too, so it still fits?
 wanna learn to  this  step one, sign up to use our online  directory!  
 That would be Joel Salatin...the Droid clearly isn't as hip to local food in its spell check as it should be!
 We are at the Field and Fork Conference in Buffalo listening to Joel Saluting this morning.
 want brains and brawn for your     teach the next generation of farmers! 
 wanna  and grow  
 Happy but quiet drumroll for the launch of our apprentice program web functions (still some bugs, but works!):... 
 Recruiting summer interns at U of Roch career fair this afternoon...glad NOFA's display is bigger than Microsoft's!
 We're ready to call it a weekend... What kind of foodie things are going on in your area?!
  NOFA-NY can help hook you up with great local farmers!   Give us a holler!   Www.NOFANY.org
 Folk in Albany-Troy-Rensselaer: Compare CSA's in the Capital Region & sign up for the 2011 season on March 12 at Troy FM: 
 Everyone is interested in food these days...how do organizations like NOFA and Slow Food get more members (ie:... 
 Thank you    & Stolor Oil for donating to our NY organic foods display  Taste of NY--you rock!
 "America’s Food Sweatshops and the Workers of Color Who Feed Us"  
 RT  Check out my  interview w/  ---> Gardening Gloves You Will Love  cc 
 gr8 4  or localsm RT  9 Winter Vegetables You Could Be Eating Right Now - plus how to cook them! 
 Had a waffle with  Maple Pecan Butter & a cupcake with  peanut butter frosting for bkfst. In organic nut heaven!
 If you are reading this, you are on a computer with an internet connection, so why not check out the Diversified... 
 Farmer's would you be able/interested in providing data on which restaurants purchase the most product to make a... 
 Fresh News - 
 We think it's lunchtime!  What are you having?  And while you are having lunch, give this a thought.... 
 Undocumented women are among the most vulnerable workers in our society today. Read this sobering report by the SPLC. 
 Hooray for the launch of: 
 Don't miss this opportunity to learn about marketing organic grains! 
 Bio-fuels and rising world food prices...what is your take? 
 Tell Obama you love your farmer and ask him to implement fair livestock marketing rules! 
 Thank you God for Henri Nouwen. 
