 Ugh everytime I try to throw something out the window the shit comes right bk in...
 My*
 These tight curls in the back of mt head aint playin no games...perm Saturday...
 Thinking about moving to another state...time to change somethings....
  nails....i love em...but this trick didnt do it right...
  girl I aint go
  did u go c jeezy??
  yup money is the motive!!!!
 Bday around the corner I need bday plans!!!!!! ::::>any suggestions<:::::
 RT  Blk party. Soufmoe blk!!!!!
  lol nothin much I dnt even b on here that much kuz I wk all the damn time....
  def an upgrade kuz this shit gets on my nerve...long time no shit talkin whats good??
 I swear I hate calling ppl kids ugly...but........got damn!!!
 Bout to leave t mobile ragedy ass n go to sprint
 Been gettin a lot if random ass friend request on facebook why tho???
 RT  now following  .. It was love at first bio... lol<lol now 
 RT  Scared the heck out of me! Yucky!RT  RT  Eat it or beat it? <WTF????
  me too lmfao
 RT  I spit you something off the dome Julia I never make a fool of ya<lmfao...u kno 50¢ they call me 40¢
 RT  RT  Every girl has that 1 guy she goes back to, heartbreak after heartbreak & nobody kno y, not even her & s ...
  already here girl...boop!!! And where r u???
 RT  More time at wrk mean less bullshit I gotta deal wit on da streets
 RT  Ion want a perfect relationship I jus want someone who I can act silly wit someone who treats me well&loves bein wit me
  lol girl this hoe here mayne im gone hv to line this bitch up for real
 Paige please dont go the fuck off on thos trout mouth hoe!!!
  if I get off in time I sholl will!!!
  my lacie!!!!!!!!!
 Sleeeepy af!!!!!!!
  !!!!!!
  I need to b doin the samething!!!! Lol
  nothing much wkin all day eceryday foibg bk to school in Jan... whats good with u???
  yep it should b here or at least heavy rain by friday night or sat
 idk y ppl b shocked when I tell them I dnt hv a bf...
 Def. didnt know a hurricane was coming this way...
  lmao girl im like wtf every 5mins they emailin me
  girl yess!!!!!
 Who tha hell gave my email address to just fab.com...yall play too much lol
 How childish playing on my phone like wtf ugh!!!
  okie dokie
  im tryin to get where your are
 soo I hv a date sarurday ayyyeee!!!!  Finally :)
 Sleepy!!!
  yesterday just got ur tweet
  stfu jack ass thx
 Earth has no sorrow, that Heaven cannot heal....
 RIP Sey...this just seems so unreal...one day youre here next youre gone....;-(
 ;-(
  lmao whatever!!
 Sex is on my mind.....idk y tho lol...FYI thirsties no dm's or rt's are needed...u r NOT wanted--thx mgmt
  u not kidding lol
 The bodyguard always makes me cry
  :-)
  whore bag I just texted u
 Bored out my mind...
 
 RT  Stayin to myself like I've been doing
   is a 
 ...i could b shoping right now!!! Ugh
 Just sing a beautiful song to  can't nobody tell me i don't have them vocals
 Really don't want to go to work...ugh this is for the birds....
 I wont b able to make it to church but for those wbo are there please pray for a gee!!!!-thanks
 HAPPY BDAY BRANDY MICHON WALKER-BROWN 
  where you coming from
 I tweet peep and idgf...shit im nosey
 RT  I some know much about rap buuut I know I don't wanna see this<mama I made it and I aint talkin bout makin my bed....lmfao
 RT  This shit is ISANE
 RT  RT  A woman who knows her value will only put up with a mans nonsense for so long. You either get righ ...
 RT  2 into URSELF 
 RT  Love a man in a suit!
 RT   my cousin  too
 Damn an 18wheeler ran over and completely smashed a car 
 I love making money but I hate that I seldom get to c my friends...i really miss them *tear*
  Giving him something he can feel...
 I love going thru my old pics :-)
 Cant wait to start back voluntering next weekend...;-)
 RT   10 seconds -- Jazmine Sullivan
 Im sooooo sleepy
 Its amazing how u knock me off my feet....everytime u come around me I get weak...
 HAPPY BDAY  !!!!!!!!!!!
 .....waiting.....
 That nigga big ass moe....
 If you knew what I've been through then you would know why I am the way I am now...numb to a lot of things...
 RT  Blessed thru it all
 If the  never does anything else for me he's done enough
 A woman falling out of love....
 My freakin ankle still swollen from my fall the other day....
 RT  Eating banana pudding ice cream! Yummmms>sou.ds good im going to make some bannana pudding tomorrow
 ...check out that year round christmas tree lmfao   
 RT  So one of my best friends wants to fuck me...she is crazy,bold ass hell<lmfao whoooooo????
 Soo im bored....clearly since im lookin at wendy williams
 Wendy must not have had any body else to interview...latoya jackson??? Really...
 Ppl and thier pointLESS info...who really gives a fuck tho
 RT   hi, haven't spoke to you in a while<heyy hw are u
 RT  Morning dipshits<lmao
 Handsome...yes he is....omg!!!!
 So freakin sleepy omg!!!!
  j. Sullivan
  yep bout to hone get this masters then ph d or j.d.
 Its final school in 2012....;-) bk to pv killin 2birds with 1stone you will find out what I mean...Soo excited!!!
 Here twitter go with this bull shit
 My bently is in the shop :(...wtf am I going to do with out my Bently-bu
 RT  Tcap killing me of laughter
 RT  PAIGE LMFAO I'm serious tho< I know thats y im lmfao
 Lmfao did he say he wants to work under cover for the police lol dumb ass 
 Chinese freak...
  dont chuckle lol this shit hurt
  lmfao jermaine u r killing me lmfao lololol
  I fell and bust my ass standin on the edge of the tub with heels and slipped
  o lawd lmfao
 My freakin ankle really hurts omg!! I need to b sleep but... is crackin me up chris is a damn fool
  lmfao lolol *cracking up* I hv 2now lololol
  lmfao I do it all the time lol
 Party bus and trip to tha boat for my bday...i think...might hv a dinner first!!!  :-) so far but soo close 
  lmfao not lil leviticus nem lololol
  thats what im sayin just Ugly!
   u ugly muthfuckas omg stop that shit man!!! Y
 RT  Ok if I see 1 more avi with someone's face scrunched up IMMA SCREAM!!!!!<for real got damn...not cute!!!
 I shouldnt hv been standin up on my tub in heels I just need to stop being cheap and get a body mirror...glad my heel didnt break!!!
 Just bust my ass fell straight off the tub my ankle hurts sooo bad...y
 I cant wait for my hs reunion I still look the same....but some of yall ooo lawd I hv no words and it hasnt even been 10yrs
 Sooo I didnt know the 5heart beats was just a movie I thought it was a real group...smh
 ...and I found out trying to change u only changed me....in my feelings....i suppose
 ive learned u cnt change ppl u can voice ur opinions but its up to them for the change and up 2u if u want2 put up w/it or leave
 I don’t wanna control you, fix you, change you, or make you do things my way…I just wanna love you, and be there when you need me 
 When you love someone you just done treat them bad...
 RT   playing hookie from church!!!!<lol by accident
 When I see and hear things it reminds me that I have made the right decision!
 Man ive missed church..knocked out :( ..i never miss
 My actions confirm what I say!
 RT  RT  I observe everything
  come to me!!!
 :::>bitch made nigga<::: u hv def earned it!! Oooo lawd u tickle me!
 Lmfao....the shit I see is pure comedy!!!! No really it is!!!!! Lmao lololol
 NOT THIS  ROCKET JERSEY!!!! Lmfao lolol
 RT  If its fuck me then its fuck u too....
 Ain't nothin sweet but the swisha
 Lawd my mama and daddy drunk!!!!!
 RT   lmao...they are crazy but gotta luv our daddy's
 My daddy and his friends on his bday...too kool for me   
 Up...y...idk...ugh 
 This phone has been uploadin pics and I didnt even know wtf...i hv to get a new phone
 My beautiful god daughter!!! 
  oooo wow thats wuz up
 RT  RT  Don't tell me u miss me... Mf show me
  girl makin this money n gettin bk in school for my masters what abt????
  lmfao screw u.. Tramp!!!
  heyyyyyyyyy!!!!!! :)
  go to sleep hoe...
 What is ":s"???
 RT  Sex Is A Stress Reliever.!!!!!!!!!!
  lmfao at that avi
 RT   u look exactly the same!!!! Lol
  17
  lol I wasnt I got that way after high school...
  I didnt know what it meant ....
 Omg I asked my niece what was rolling up she said u mean basically hvin sex or weed....omg!
  omg!!!!!
  nah lol...ok yes I am lololol
 
 Make your enimies your footstools
 RT  Men need to realize that you can't come at an independent woman, the same way you come at a broke bitch.. Be smart. 
  *as I wait for my invite*
 RT  COMPLETE THE SENTENCE: If I could spend an entire day with  we would.....b goin in 
  soo did mamakat tell u when?
 RT  RT  <~~ needs to find that One!
 Today is flying by!!!!!....
  lmfao girl it will b doin tooo much
  toooo much lmfao
  heyyy girl...just wkin about to go bk to school in jan...hows mother hood? r u in houston?
 Umm these brownies are not comin out right...
 Makin brownies yummy!!!!
 Lmfao I love makin ppl feel important!!! >pure comedy<
 RT   I have one!  <im soo jealous soo cute
 I want a white maltese!!!
  lmfao
 Fashion house models??? 
 Im very observant borderline nosey!!
 RT  Sneaky Shit Will Always Come Out...
 ::::>  <::::
 Text line DEAD!!!!!!!!!!!! I need some entertainment
 RT  I'm bored. I wish I was at wrk<damn u must really b bored
 I hate giving directions to ppl....especially slow ppl
 Sleepy as hell!!!
 Good morning ppl!!!! Lets be productive to day :-)
 I thought tomorrow was friday.. Ugh
 RT  Bored beyond measures..
  kuz im at wk
 Soooo bored!!!!
  dont get slapped!!! lol
 Man I AM NOT PREGGO!!!!!! idk y ppl  tryin to jinx me
 ...but u still using my sources though...
 Praise is how I say thanks
 Im not entertained by drama that shit is for the birds...grow up!!!
  go girl!!!!!!!!!!
 U may find that the older u get the less friends u hv...bc ull surround urself w/ppl that want as much out of life as u do...
 I rather have  than silver or gold!!!...material things dont mean much to me
  yall had fun on yall trip
 So much on my mind...
 I cant stand meeka and suzie trout mouth asses
 Sooooo sleepy!!!!!!!!!!!
 "..its so cold in tha D..." Lmfao
 RT  It's messed up when someone you look out for when no one else would, stabs you in the back.
 RT  RT  I don't need a certain number of friends.. Just a number of friends I'm certain of.
 Does  come on tonight??
 You dont deserve my tears I guess thats why they're not there.. 
 RT  When things seem to be going perfect, that's when the Devil sneak up on u. Be careful y'all. Nigga done tagged me t ...
 HAPPY BDAY TO MY FRIEND  ily
 I pray for those that are ignorant to reality
 Who is this lost sweaty sack of shit
 
 Its not even worth it...
 Lmao keep trying to impress twitter...
  very cute girl
 Who is this white lady changin the words to amazing grace...
 
 Do u see this spray painted shirt?????
 Lmao jesus is on the main line *happy dance*  "i cant lose with the stuff I use"
  wish my daddy would stop tlkin throughout the whole thing
 ... No more days of being your fool
 yep im done
   OMG LMFAO
   lmao yall dont jinx me
 I really feel sick this morning..
 Broken now im healed-byron cage
 What  has for me it is for me...
 I think im going to volunteer my services and do a solo "Precious Lord" I better use my gift of singing before it goes away
 RT  With my hands gripped.. Praise the lord shit.. Our father..<what?
 Changed ny mind again im hittin  one deep
 Change of plans...
  in that thang
  yes maam
  lol
 I dont believe hes brought me this far to leave me
 Lmfao...fb comedy 
  where you going
  whatever u straight forgot about me smh
  lol nah shes kicked me to the curb...but ive never been I want to go...shouldve been there fourth of july wkend
  *on
 Hehe I play too much :-)
  lmao all caps simone...yikes!!!
  lmao she aint write that she has forgotten about me...but imy david we need to go amon another road trip!!!!!
 Lmao
 RT    I miss you friend ily....<aww miss u n ily2 simone
 Back massage needed!!!!!
 O fuckin well!!!
 RT  I  a guy with a sense of humor (:
  hey I was asked 2do americas next top model auditions but im 2short if youre interested theyre casting at n.w.mall frm 2-8 2mrw
 I stay up every other thursday and wait for 12am good ole direct deposit :-)
 U just committed a 5-10... whats a 5-1 0 im about to whoop his ass for 5-10mins.. Lol 
 RT  RT  RT    ::: ummm she fine...
  r u fasting?
  who cares though?
 RT  Last hour
 RT  RT  There is no explanation for people who can't spell...there are just too many resources!
 3:00 come to me im ready to go eat
 RT  RT  Help please yes or no ???  -HELL YEA<those are sooo cute
 Damn I shouldve brought my hot fries
 Open your eyes and see whos really there for u and weed the fake and temp. out!!!
  :-( you dnt call me or want to hang with me....my feelings hurt...
 Omg I thought I was going to die I was in the elevator with a musty man who smelled like a bag of cig. smoke YUCK!!!!
 Really dont feel good this morning...
 RT  Im blessed
  ok thx
 How do I unzip somebody I accidently zipped them trying to c what zip was??
 I miss my  friends :-( *tear* they are one of a kind love them all!!!
 Cant wait to get home to eat my spagetti n corn bread...
 But im still cheap as hell....lol
  hey kuz ;-)
  yep :-)
  yes in deed!! I thank  every day
  lmao hell yea or start at 10 and end up at 20 lol
  el paso energy and a live cooking show...
 72k/year...i love my life....
  lmfao I am...kuz his smell is killing me
 How do I tell my boss he needs to invest in deoderant???!!!
 Man its only 10:35 wtf...
 RT  women put in too much effort to be with a man while they put in none
 Bored!!
 Yall want comedy??? Check out RT DESIGNS on fb if yall know them idgf the shit is hilarious!7
 Like bow can they select 12 of the dumbest ppl to serve on the jury...not even guilty of child abuse wtf after 31days
 Oj got away with murder so did casey anthony...smh
  idk I stay dwn town so im gone just stand on my patio..i think ir stsrt at 945
  im at my kuz house now im just going bk to my house n look at the fire wks prob...what abt u
  lmfao screw u!!!!!
 Omg...i cant wait for my wedding!!!!
 If you take your love away i'll go crazy...
 RT      [Pictures] ---->   <-----[RT] 
 Dang cant even go to church without somebody breakin I  ur car
 NOT THEM CORN ROWS omg ...with them training heels onnoooooo!!! This girl is all wrong!!
  to white shoes tho...
 Thia lame nigga need to stay off the mic....
 RT  Peepin from the bar w/  &&  
  where yall ass at
 ummmmm.....im thinkin bout stickin my foot up this dj ass...ugh!!!
 This dj gettin on my nerves stfu abt this damn sushi dont nobody want that shit
 At 
  sushi bar but a lot of ppl throwin parties
 Im just got in line and already see hot ass messes!!!!
    lol come to
   ITS GOIN DIINE!!!
 RT     lounge tonight!!!!!!!!! 
 RT   Host  at  lounge tonight 21+ RSVP FOR 1/2 off B4 11:30 NOW--->  http: ...
 RT  my skin is so sensitive. ugh.
  sorry im still at wk :-(
 Bitch made nigga...smh!!!!!
 They need to let me off so I can hit my kuz bday dinner and stevo bday bash!!!
 You proved me right about u...
 I think im bout to straight walk out this bitch!
 Sooo fuckin pissed....
 I will b at  bday party tonight...tomorrow  alumni party and  n marquisha bday bash at  it goes diinne!
 RT  I miss you guys         me2
 Gettin a big tat on my back...kuz I was too childish when I got this baby phat cat...tryna b grown n shit...it has to gooooo!!
 This man just said mel(yet another 1givin me a nickname) u hv 2do my budget expenses today..umm sir im a supervisor u might wanna look me up
 If a nigga act like its a chore to spend time with you, our like they're helping u out just to come around u its a problem....
 When a person shows u the real them believe them...
 HAPPY BDAY  !!!!!
 HAPPY BDAY COUSIN ASIA 
 RT   this Saturday  hosted by   RSVP HERE----->    < b there!
  trickin to get shoutouts on twitter n shit
 RT  Oh snizap its my sisters 22nd bday! Happy Birthday  , dang you getting old!
  girl im not u got 10 on me lol
  girl idk I might get 2 more kuz I want something big and something on my collar bone
  lmfao nah im gone get all my kids name on me....lol shut up slut bucket
 RT  i need to get famous like now. lmao<like right NOW!!!
  lol girl...im tryna see whats next for me...i want somethin though hvnt had one in min.
 One more tat and im good!!!
 Prayer still works!!! :-)
 You hv to know the difference between the two..
 When "friends" become more important than friends...its a problem...
  thats a bet!!!
  yup...
 Ugh time move a lil faster
 RT  Chris Hansen got caught cheating on his wife on video! Lmao hahahahahaha<lmfao lololololol
 RT  " I have dreams money can't buy"
 RT  The devil don't like me and the feeling is mutual!
  lol shut up *jealous*
  trust I am
 My bed is needed right now!!!!
  trust me they know already...but this bitch I guess tryna test me or some shit but fails to realize I dont give a fuck!!!
  lol thats my thought process!!!!  That hoe just irritates me soooo bad!!!!!
 RT   girl go yo hood ass home<lol shut up glenn
 I hv a feeling im going to go off when I get to my 2nd j....i hope I can keep my kool...
 I hv a strong feeling im gone slide this hoe real shit..im tryin to b kool on her ass but yall kno me so umnm yea ass whoopin will b issued
  wtf r u and sade talkin abt? All these secetet codes
  me too lmao
 Lol what a name!! 
 Y are these in my wallet still?? 
 RT   this Saturday  hosted by   RSVP HERE----->   
 RT       July 2nd RSVP here ----> ((TOKU.eventbrite.com ))  
 RT   this Saturday  hosted by   RSVP HERE----->   
 This week flying by...YES!!!
  hey ill b there girl I took off :-)
  did u call them
 I remember when i was a child I said when i grow up I'm getting all my kids names on me... and 
 RT  FFFFUUUUCCCCKKKKK I would love to be in New Orleans this weekend
 Morning nap shortly...:-)
 RT  Happy bday to da fam   at republika...
 HAPPY BDAY!!!!!! 
 RT              ...
 RT       July 2nd RSVP here ----> ((TOKU.eventbrite.com ))  
 Ugh this day has truly been dragging
 Hmm what shall I do..
 Loooong weekend ahead of me...
 This man wears a 54 OMG I cant see myself dippin in the double digits...
 RT  RT  Be careful with your words. Once they’re said, they can only be forgiven, NOT forgotten.
    hehehe
   soooo...what happen to u showing us how to __________ kay o? Lol
 RT  Time goin a lil too slowz<man forreal
 Back on this wwf beautiful_p_
 Soo sleepy!!! Omg!
 RT  white people are funny AF
 Got pissed off early this morning don't take my kindness for a weakness you will get cut off!!  bitch
 Im so throwed in tha game southside playaz screwed up click mayne...
 Even dudes complimenting me on my shoes...shoe game on point!!!
 I was asked to b a lip model...lol that was flattering but im allergic to damn near every thing
 Accept what God allows...
 Damn its 1...
 Did I say "smack" lmfao lololol...i play too much
  man my memory od bad ive been gettin a lot of smack from ppl I really b forgettin im going to put it in my calendar :-)
 RT  RT  who gotta see my crutches twin  ? -- lol. you calm dwn.<lmfao lololol Asia u dumb
 RT  Get the same results dealing with old habits....
 Sometimes I put on a new orleans accent...lmao idk y...pretty comical to me
  lmfao
 RT   ah that aint nothin to celebrate<screw u nigga
 RT  *rubs head and soufsides*
  lmfao seriously tho damn tay bust my bubble
  ...but y I thought he tweeted me bk when my twitter alert went off...ugh
  lmfao lololol
  HTOWN!!!!!
 Alright lady from tha H
 Lmao this man on this sneak peak...smh
  so was her ass showin?
 RT  Who???   <but he look like a bum..sick n on crack or some shit
 Sneak peek 
 RT  Meagan Good has NEVER had style
 Whoa b only got 13% lol...kelly did her thang
 It was a fight on the bet awards? If so what happen
 Everybody loved it   
 RT  O her hair badd!
 My side is hurting lololololol
