 Our high transparency screens let in more light than traditional ones: Come by our showroom to see the difference! 
 Infinity from Marvin has more hardware options than any other fiberglass windows on the market. 
 Infinity from Marvin's glider window is new and improved! 
 Only Infinity from Marvin has an EasyWash hinge, making cleaning your windows a breeze! 
 Are full frame or insert replacement windows right for you? Let us help you decide! 
 Environmental stewardship is important to us! That's why we are Houston's exclusive dealer of Infinity from Marvin. 
 Save the planet and your budget! Infinity from Marvin is a green way to qualify for up to a $500 tax credit. 
 Did you know we're the only window company in Houston that offers a LIFETIME WARRANTY on your installation? 
 COMING SOON-The Infinity Installation Warranty from Renaissance Windows & Doors: A new lifetime warranty our fiberglass window installations
 Stop by our showroom to see Jeld-Wen's Aurora line of luxury fiberglass entry doors! 
 Save up to $1500 on your next project! 
 How to Spice Up your Sliding Doors 
 Choosing the Perfect Patio Door Blinds 
 How to Measure for Replacement Windows 
 Window Treatment Ideas  
 Don't miss the 2011 Tax Credits! 
 Brighten up your Room With Patio Doors! 
 We offer several financing plans, discover which works best for you! 
 Federal Energy Tax Credit and Other Benefits of Energy Efficient Windows 
 See our energy efficient windows on Yolanda Green's show! 
 How to Choose a New Front Door for Your Home 
 Infinity windows are made of superior material, find out more! 
 Special Offers Update!  Save up to $1500 on Infinity from Marvin products! 
 How to Buy a Storm Door That's Energy Efficient 
 Visit us this weekend at the Cy-Fair Home & Garden show! 
 Are you familiar with the Infinity Warranty? 
 Why Fiberglass doors are a better investment! 
 Have window and/or door questions?  Contacts us! 
 How to to Find a Window (or Door) Replacement Contractor 
 A Guide to Buying Patio Doors 
 Tips for Choosing the Right Replacement Window 
 Learn more about our Jeld-Wen Custom Fiberglass Doors - built to last a lifetime! 
 Understanding the benefits of Single vs. Double hung windows 
 Tips to Make Your Door Energy Efficient 
 Learn more about our installation process 
 Energy Efficient Glass Options 
 Not sure what to do about window treatments?  Find inspiration here... 
 What makes our Warranty Different 
 Get financing FAST! 
 You Know You Need Energy Efficient Window Treatments When... 
 Energy Saving Window Treatments 
 May the luck of the irish be with you - Happy St. Paddy's Day!
 Learn about what new windows & doors can do for your home! 
 French Patio Door Window Treatment Ideas 
 Financial Considerations when buying new windows! 
 How To Save Energy With Replacement Windows 
 Bay Window Treatment Ideas 
 Seeing is believing... 
 We want to express our sorrow 4 the  affecting  & we join people all over the world in deep solidarity.
 How to Shop For Window Replacements 
 Exterior French Patio Doors  Add Elegance to your Home! 
 It's all about the entrance! 
 Ideas for Window Treatments for French Doors 
 Tips on Buying Replacement Windows 
 All you wanted to know about Energy Efficient Doors! 
 Don't miss out on the 2011 Tax Credits! 
 Important industry links! 
 French Doors - Brings Elegance into any Room 
 Jeld-Wen is a 2010 Energy Star Partner of the Year! 
 Do You Know Your Window Treatments? Quiz Yourself! 
 Interesting Window Treatment Ideas For Your Home 
 Save up to $1000 on your next purchase! 
 How to Choose a Bay Window 
 Energy Efficient Windows for Big Energy Savings 
 Window Treatments Ideas for Bay Windows 
 Types of Sliding Glass Doors 
 Fast, Simple, & Smart Financing! 
 Why industry links are important 
 Information on Different Door Types and Styles 
 Advantages of Sliding Double Hung Windows 
 Infinity WIndows are made of Ultrex, a fiberglass material that outperforms & outlasts all other window materials. 
 Why You Should Start Using French Patio Doors 
 Selecting Windows & Doors for Your Home 
 Sliding Patio Door Types 
 Our Jeld-Wen fiberglass doors are the "high-tech" doors of the industry w/ no warping or cracking, & 0 finish worries! 
 An Introduction to Window Styles 
 How to Choose Windows for a House 
 15 Windows/$350* per month! 
 Benefits of Adding French Doors to Your Home 
 Ideas on Bow Window Treatments 
 The Ultimate Guide To Selecting House Windows! 
 No interest for 60 months! 
 How to Clean Double-Hung Windows 
 Simple Things About Replacement Windows 
 Check out our Special Offers! 
 Environmental Impact of Energy Efficient Windows 
 Five Ideas for Bay Window Treatments 
 Window Treatment Ideas for a Child's Room 
 Let Renaissance help you find the best Infinity windows for your needs 
 How to Buy Energy Efficient Windows 
 What Are Bay and Bow Windows? 
 9 Ways to Make Your Home More Energy Efficient: Check Out  2! 
 Make Your Front Door Stand Out! 
 The Ultimate Guide to Window Treatments 
 With a Texas Spring Coming Up - Lower the Temperature of Your Home AND Your Energy Bill 
 Easy Window Treatments YOU can do! 
 Need windows for your home or construction project?  Check out our Special Offer! 
 How to Choose Window Replacements 
 Bay Window Treatment Ideas 
 Features to Consider When Buying New or Replacement Windows 
 Energy-Efficient Window Treatments 
 The Advantages of Sliding Patio Doors 
 Types of Replacement Windows - Picture Windows 
 Save up to $1000!!! 
 Six-Step Guide to Buying Window Treatments 
 How to Choose Energy Efficient Windows 
 Tips to Decorate a Patio Door With Window Treatments 
 Fast. Simple. Smart.  Check out our financing plans! 
 Door Styles 
 Picking Out the Right Window Treatments 
 How to Select Energy Efficient Windows 
 Do you need to replace your windows?  Consider Infinity! 
 A Guide to Windows 
 Style Options for Replacement Windows 
 Special offer from Renaissance Windows & Doors:  Save up to $1000! 
 The Benefits of Replacement Windows 
 How Does a Sliding Door Work? 
 Thank YOU to those patrons who visited us this past weekend at   & Garden Show at the Woodlands. 
 Are Double-Hung the Cheapest Replacement Windows? 
 Superior products so your windows last a lifetime! 
 Visit us at the show TODAY from 10am - 6pm! 
 Improve the Value and Livability of Your Home with Energy Efficient Windows 
 Tips for Dressing Up Your Bay Windows 
 Curtains for French Doors 
 Visit us THIS WEEKEND  & Garden Show at the Woodlands!  We will be there Saturday from 9-7 & Sunday from 10-6! 
 Where to begin when Choosing Replacement Windows 
 Exterior French Patio Doors - All You Wanted to Know 
 How to Measure Replacement Windows Easily 
 Choosing Window Treatments that Are Energy Efficient 
 Styles of Bay Windows 
 Fiberglass Replacement Windows are Well Worth the Investment! 
 Special Offer:  Save up to $1000! 
 How to Choose the Right Replacement Window 
 Bay Window Treatments Ideas 
 Financing plans galore!  Pick the one that best suits you! 
 Tips to Choose the Right Replacement Window 
 What to Know About Replacing your Old Windows 
 Happy Valentine's Day from the team at Renaissance Windows & Doors! 
  Thanks for the RT!
  Thanks for the mention!
 How to Choose Doors for Your Home 
 Different Styles of Patio Doors 
 Special Offer from Renaissance Windows & Doors! 
 A  Guide to Bay Window Curtain Ideas! 
 Schedule an appointment to discuss your window & door needs with one of our specialists! 
 Five Ways to Choose Updated or Replacement Windows for Your Home 
 About Patio Doors - All You Wanted to Know! 
 Why do You Need Awning Windows? 
 Special Offer:  $1000 OFF your purchase of 10+ Windows! 
 How to Choose Energy Efficient Door 
 What makes our warranty different... 
 9 Reasons to Replace Your Windows 
 Check out the look of our new homepage! 
 No interest if paid in full within 12 months! 
 About Door Installation - All You Wanted to Know! 
 Stylish Types of Windows for the Home 
 Replacement Windows - A Definitive Guide 
 Experience Nature The Way It Was Intended 
 Want new windows with an energy star rating?  Check out our collection of Infinity! 
 9 Ways to Make Your Home More Energy Efficient: Check Out  2! 
 Choosing the Right Doors and Windows for your Home 
 Replacement Windows Make a Great Investment! 
 Windows & Doors - Variety of Types and Styles 
 No Interest for 6 months! 
 Tips for Picking Out the Right Patio Doors for Your Home 
 Bay Window Design Plans 
 Glossary of Home Window Styles 
 Infinity windows from Marvin are exceptional products from an industry leader! 
 How to Buy Patio Doors 
 Install Tilt Sash Single Hung, To Beautifully Withstand Life’s Little Ups and Downs! 
 Let one of our financing plans help you get the replacement windows of your dreams! 
 Types of House Windows 
 Infinity from Marvin offers a GREAT variety of styles, stop in our showroom and check them out! 
 Hurd has been at the forefront of designing and building energy-efficient windows and patio doors! 
 Replacement Windows for your Home 
 Get to know your window terms! 
 How to wash your windows like a pro! 
 With summer quickly approaching: Lower the Temperature of Your Home AND Your Energy Bill 
 Design the perfect pantry - We can help! 
 What a wonderful day for window shopping! 
 Feel The Breeze on a Spring Day With Casement Windows 
 Windows, A clear choice! 
 To Infinity & Beyond! 
 WIndow treatment trends you'll love! 
 Renaissance offers several different financing options to help you get the doors and windows your home deserves. 
 Fake a high ceiling with strategic window treatments! 
 Could Low E Windows Become a Must-Have for Home Construction? We Hope So! 
 Quiz:  Do you know your window treatments? 
 Don't Lift a Finger - We Do Even the Most Complex Installations 
 Renaissance Windows & Doors offers No interest for 60 months! 
 LIght up your rooms with colorful window shades! 
 The Ultimate Guide to Window Treatments 
 Interesting News from the Congressional Energy Efficiency Expo 
 Infinity, from Marvin, is a revolutionary line of exceptional products from an industry leader. 
 Brighten Up a Room With Colorful Window Shades! 
 Thinking about new windows or doors?  Talk to one of our representatives, our showroom is open today from 10am-2pm. 
 The Benefits of Cellular Shades! 
 Fast. Simple. Smart.  Check out our GREAT financing plans! 
 Window Washing Trick! 
 What kind of wood is best for your blinds 
 Can Houston Become Greener? 
 What is LoE2? 
 How to install a swing valance 
 Treat your windows with textured cotton! 
 Infinity windows are attractive, durable, virtually maintenance free, and professionally installed. 
 What can replacement windows do for your home? 
 Treat your windows with textured cotton! 
 Have you read our latest blog?  Hurd Goes Green! 
 7.99% APR until paid in FULL! 
 Clean your house with out damaging the planet 
 Get your Jeld-Wen Custom Fiberglass exterior doors at Renaissance! 
 Renaissance Windows & Doors at the Sugar Land Home & Garden Show! 
 We will be at the Sugar Land Home & Garden show today from 10am-6pm!  Hope to see y'all there! 
 Visit us at the Sugar Land Home & Garden Show TODAY from 9am-7pm! 
 How to choose the right windows 
 Are you familiar with Ultrex (Infinity from Marvin)? 
 Join us this weekend at the Sugar Land Home & Garden Show! 
 Is it time to replace your windows?? 
 No Interest if paid in full within 12 months! 
 Choose the BEST when it comes to your home! 
 How to choose the right replacement windows 
 Have you seen our showroom? 
 Check out Renaissance Windows & Doors latest blog! 
 Clean your windows like a pro! 
 Renaissance wants to help you get the windows of your dreams, which is why we have a no interest for 60 months! 
 Contact us if you have any questions or would like to set up an appointment to speak with one of our representatives! 
 5 signs that it is time to replace your windows 
 Have an energy efficient new year... 
 The 10 top window treatment trends of 2011 
 Visit us at the Sugar Land Home & Garden Show this Saturday & Sunday! 
 Interested in receiving our newsletter?  Sign up here! 
 Worried about installation?  Don't be! 
 Fast, Simple, & Smart Financing Plans! Find out more! 
 Are you signed up for our newsletter?  If not, join here! 
 A Green Infinity - Marvin 
 How to pick a front door! 
 Financing made easy! 
 Thinking about a renovation but not sure where to start?  Visit our design center for ideas! 
 Are your windows a bit drafty?  Contact us about Infinity Replacement Windows! 
 Personalize your window treatments 
 Unusual Doors & Decor 
 Bragging rights! 
 Learn about our financing options1 
 Update your home with new windows and/or doors! 
 Window Treatment Ideas on a Budget 
 Energy saving ideas! 
 Update the exterior look of your home with a Jeld-Wen custom fiberglass panel door! 
 We carry a wide variety of doors and would love to help you find the perfect "fit" for your home 
 Easy to Make Window Shades 
 Start the New Year with some New Designs! 
 Happy New Year from your friends at Renaissance Windows & Doors! 
 Window treatment trends for 2011 
 Simple Tailored Valances 
 Top 10 Window treatment trends! 
 Dress Up Your Windows 
 Check out our design center! 
 Great industry links for those considering door or window replacement! 
 Camouflage your windows 
 Need new windows but not sure of the cost, check out our financing plans! 
 Creative Curtain Rods YOU can make! 
 Why Choose Renaissance? 
 Dress up your windows with Drapes! 
  has  Custom Exterior Fiberglass Door! 
 Window Treatments on a Budget 
 Follow this link, and click "schedule and appointment" in the top right to speak with one of our representatives! 
 Personalize your Curtain Panels 
 Get your Infinity replacement windows from Renaissance Windows & Doors! 
 Ask the builder:  Fiberglass Doors 
 Contact us at 713-863-9988 to find out more about our financing programs! 
 Client Testimonials! 
 Make sure you understand the benefits of single and double-hung windows! 
 Renaissance Frequently Asked Questions 
 High-tech, reasonably priced windows from Hurd! 
 Tilt & Turn Custom Windows 
 Just for fun! 
 Merry Christmas & Happy Holidays! 
 The stockings were hung by the chimney with care... 
 Visit us  ! 
 Learn about the many benefits of replacing your windows! 
 An Oldie but a Goodie! What does your tree look like this year?
 Are you familiar with our installation process?  
 Is your installer EPA Lead certified? 
 Jeld-Wen Won 2010 Green Award 
 Windows: A Clear Choice 
 A nice holiday reminder:  Less is More! 
 Learn more about Infinity Replacement Windows  
 Add Value to Your Home with a Sunroom 
 Energy Saving Doors 
 Superior Installation! 
 Renaissance Windows & Doors offers GREAT financing plans:  No Interest if Paid in Full within 12 Months* Plan 312 
 Enhance your home for the holidays! 
 Important info to consider when choosing an exterior door 
 Let your house make an Impression 
 Financing made easy! 
 Custom Exterior Doors are a great accent to any home! 
 Showcase:  Limited Lifetime Warranty 
 Come Visit our Showroom! 
 Know when to replace your doors 
 kitchen window treatments 
 Home remodeling: wishes vs. needs 
 You CAN afford new windows!  Check out our amazing financing plans! 
 Get your Infinity Windows from Renaissance Windows & Doors! 
 What makes our Warranty DIFFERENT! 
 Should You Replace Your Own Windows? 
 Visit our Learning Center to see how easily you could transform your home! 
 Small Home Style Tips Have Big Impacts 
 Get the Total Value from your Windows! 
 Celebrity Entertaining Tricks 
 Beautify your home with one of  SELECT FIBERGLASS PANEL EXTERIOR DOORS, available EXCLUSIVELY  
 How to Clean Up Home Energy Consumption 
 5 iPhone Apps for your next home remodeling project 
 Be sure to check out our financing plans! No interest for 60 months! 
 Benefits of Fiberglass Windows 
 Advantages to Sliding Glass Doors. 
 Looking to renew the interior and/or exterior look of your home, don't miss Renaissance Windows & Doors  ! 
 How to Choose Windows that Suit Your Home 
 Dress Up Your Blinds 
 Window Treatments from A-Z 
 The Many Benefits of Installing Energy-Efficient Windows 
 Looking to renew the interior &/or exterior look of your home? Don't miss Renaissance Windows & Doors   
 Kitchen Fire Extinguishers Put To The Test 
 5 Eco-Friendly Crimes to Try Today! 
 The Ultimate Guide to Window Treatments 
 Diversity of Window Shades 
 Bold Window Treatments for Your Living Room 
 Renaissance WIndows & Doors - "World Class Products, Old World Craftsmanship" 
 Project for the kids:  Make Stained Glass Window Art! 
 7.99% APR until Paid in Full* Financing 
 Project:  Stencil a Lovely Window Shade 
 Add Some Curb Appeal To Your Home This Holiday Season! 
 Squeegee, fun to say and even more fun to use! 
 Check out our awesome financing plans!  No Interest for 60 Months* 
 Look out your windows & like what you see! 
 Bring Tranquility to a Room With Neutral Window Treatments 
 Meet the Renaissance Windows & Doors team! 
 Loose Drapery Can Dress Up Your Windows 
 Choose a glass that passes the test! 
 Can Houston Become Greener? 
 Save Money on Home Energy. Tips and Guidelines 
 Benefits of Glass Block Windows 
 Window treatment quiz 
 Glass Block Windows add an artistic touch to any home 
 Speed Cleaning: Make Your Home Look Presentable in 20 Minutes or Less 
 Eco Friendly Decorating Tips 
 Tips For Creating the Perfect Window Treatments for Your Home 
 No Interest if Paid in Full within 12 Months* 
 Tips to Green Your Home 
 Drapery Panels Can Dress Up Your Windows 
 Spruce Up Your Entryway! 
 Sheer Window Treatments 
 Entry Doors that Excite 
 Double Hung Windows Defined 
 Are You Looking For A New Way of Life: Energy Efficiency Starts at Home 
 Renaissance Window & Doors:  A Company You Can Turn to With Confidence 
 Should you repair or replace?
 Helpful Industry Links 
 Great Window Treatments Tips 
 Why Should you Choose Casement Windows? 
 The Beauty of Hurd Patio Doors 
 10 Window Treatment Trends 
 Renaissance Windows & Doors offers a variety of options to discerning homeowners. 
 Visit the beauty of Hurd Patio Doors 
 Our Windows Deflect 99% of the Suns Damaging UV Rays, Resulting in Less Glare & Less Fading. 
 Renaissance Windows & Doors TV Commercial 
 Would you like more Curb Appeal? 
 Decorating Ideas for Bay Windows 
 Fast, Simple, & Smart Financing Plans! 
 Nature The Way It Was Intended 
 Myths About Green Remodeling 
 EnviroShield: An Energy Saving Glass System from Showcase 
 Bragging Rights 
 Skylight Solutions for your home 
 Match Wood Color With Ease 
 Winter Window Chill 
 Give Your Home Individuality 
 Ready to Replace? 
 Learned About "The Most Innovative Window of the Year"  
 Are your windows overwhelmed? 
 Hurd: High-End, High-Performance, Mid-Priced 
 Superior Installation=Products that last a lifetime 
 Happy Thanksgiving!  From your friends at Renaissance Windows & Doors. 
 Give Your Child Have the Coolest Room on the Block 
 Do you need to replace your windows? 
 Jeld-Wen is a 2010 Energy Star Partner of the Year! 
 Things to Remember when Measuring a Bay Window for Curtains 
 Are You Energy-Wise? 
 Do you know the different types of glass? 
 Ways to Make Your Home Energy Efficient 
 How Green is the US Compared to the Rest of the World? 
 Does Your Home Qualify for a Tax Credit? 
 Spruce Up the Exterior of Your Home 
 Toyota Center is the First Professional Sports Facility in Texas to Earn LEED Certification 
 Why Should You Buy Vinyl? 
 Increase The Value of Your Home! 
 FYI:  Hurd Was The Most Innovative Window of 2009? 
 Are You Familiar With the Lingo? 
 Perfection, Just One Click Away 
 What's the Color of Your Windows? 
 Get Inspired! 
 Thanks Infinity (from Marvin) for your Replacement Window Reassurance 
