  WTF? Wow...
  Years ago, I was bs'd once by  after a security flaw. I never went back. I only use  now. 
  makes sense… Glad to hear that you're staying the course!
  Why not just find a dude like that in person?
  I swear, she's amazing.
  Talk to my therapist:  Maybe see what she can do for you...
  Perfect… You've learned the role well.
  Magic. They clearly recognize you as a superior power.
  I'm sorry to hear you're having to deal with this… Our prayers are with you from Chicago.
  Prove it!
  I never understood that either.
  At my place, I AM the director of content. Hell, I'm the director of EVERYTHING.
  Thank you, sir. I forgot that  needed a rebuttal.
 If you haven't already bought it, do it now! RT  OMG! I is now Up on  
  ROCK ON!
  LOL! 
  Of course, it will all be sorted out in the end - and this move is a very positive thing overall!
  I watched a bit today. It seemed like every show recorded today was nerve wracking to some degree.
  Everybody does Twitter wrong, when they're starting out. Hell, some "oldies" still do!   
  Really wish I could be there. Rock it for me!   
  Please, meet up with my friend  while you're there! 
  Twitter is more a network of connections, than a status message to us.   
  If you're frying, she adds, only cook until they float.  knows much more about this than I.
  Cook until they reach 145. Not a moment more.
 Everybody always told me to use Python, Ruby was slow.
  Your first 100 tweets are better than mine, I'm sure.
  Have fun!
  "Yes, and they were tasty."
  Woohoo!
  I suppose that is true...
  America's Dog?
     Honest: I rarely pass judgment on anything before seeing it-but I'm skeptical about C&A
  That I don't know. However, this isn't the first time I've heard of that happening.
  sounds relatively normal to me. We've had some weird encounters at the grocery store.
  What? Are you afraid of a little dirt in the food? It's organic! 
  Outdoors cooking FTW! 
 The healthcare system in our country is a huge, steaming turd. I'm learning that firsthand at the moment. Pardon me.
  Yay!
  wtf. that's weird.
  Yuck.
  You got it! If you're ever out in Chicago, make sure to touch base.
  That's the one thing I appreciate most. Everyone sticks together. 
  Sure, go ahead and DM.  just sent me Dave Pleger, but more contacts never hurt.
  Will do, Tom! Thanks!
  Hey, you wouldn't be able to recommend a solid Chicago accountant, would you? I need someone to answer a few questions.
  Dude - I just opened iCal. This is beautiful.
  I'm sure she had a good weekend.
 Now taking suggestions for a solid  accountant.
  I just heard from  Even though I only knew him because of the film, there's an obvious void. May he rest in peace.
 Great call with the folks at  this morning - they're going to make the  studio sound even better!
  They're only cool until it gets hot.
  Had I known you were going to include that, I would've tweeted a better link… Y'know, one with music.
  sounds like you need a drink
   This conversation is hilarious to bystanders, like me.
 Fuck you tinnitus. I'm awake, and I don't want to be. 
  Yum. Rooibos.
  Dog's aren't man's best friend… Cats are.
  At least this isn't the norm. As long as it isn't, I'm cool.
  How's the coffee?
  My bet is on the left.
  Whoa.
  All that for a McD's chicken sandwich? Seriously?
  I hope he has 5 shirts, or that he's washed that one...
  I've gotta follow. I love the sound of The She's...
 Groovin' to  2006 independent release, "Summer Girl." Have you heard it?  
  "Captain Fantasy" is amazing. If you were lucky enough to get a growler full, you know I'm right.
  If you can't stand, there's always the bus. But, if it encourages you any, that tweet's spelling was perfect.
  I'll accept that answer.
  Why is that?
    :) Today was a good day.
  It sounds like we're at similar places.
  Congratulations. It sounds like you've made a great discovery.
  Sounds like you have a great evening ahead...
 Brunch at Yolk was tasty, and even though I'm generally not a fan of superhero movies, Captain America was pretty damn awesome.
 I really enjoyed meeting  and  today - you guys are great! Thanks to  for the introduction.
  what?
 Off to bed now. Tomorrow, brunch with    , and  - then  America!
  Congratulations. Mine went off long ago.
  Ah, but I like to hear it from you...
   Thankfully, my college nor high school classes hold reunions. I feel fairly safe.
  Hey! Welcome aboard.
  Go french press. 
  But I wouldn't change a thing - and I bet, neither would you. The work is worth it.
  This time around, I'm not using anything but bare languages. All frameworks are custom.
  You mean, Chicago is losing you?
   That's good to hear.
  Sweet...
  peeps - my pal Rex Paul, a modern-day guitar hero, is playing  live! 12th and Porter - Aug 1, 8pm. Be there! 
  …and the ones I haven't personally worked on, I've talked through the process. Each time is different.
  The thing is, I've bootstrapped a bunch of different companies. This one is different-I'm building 100% of the infrastructure
 I have to say, the  network is coming together much more slowly than I had imagined.
  If you like vodka, I can also highly recommend Desiree (they're a newly formed brand from Indiana): 
  I drank Bombay for a while, then slowly moved away. I'm glad to I did. Artisan spirits, like the two I mentioned are best.
  I hear that.
  OH YEAH. Including an acoustic visit to the Machine.FM studio too, I hope?
  You should try  gin:  or    
  I can't drink Bombay Sapphire anymore… It's neutral grain spirit based. Only artisan gin now.   
  You guys know I'm a huge fan. :)
  I love the synths on the chorus of "Miss You". A great buildup.
 Easily one of the best tracks I've heard this year -  "Miss You":   
  I certainly saw that today. You know, I don't care about sports at all, but I could watch MU play and enjoy it profusely.
  I wasn't sympathetic towards Seattle at all - I realized from the first move that MU was a far better team.
  It doesn't sound like the power is holding up where you are...
  Those sound like valuable life lessons.
  I get that they've gotta eat, but that's a little nuts.
  Ooh, Andy's is so tasty.
 I'm glad to see Ruby VMs like  start to pick up speed. While developer happiness is very important, execution speed is too.
  They've got to make a living, too! I'm happy with my 2GB.
  It's going to be a fun time. I'm looking forward to meeting you   and 
  I passed along your email address. I expect Philip will be in touch shortly.
  That's the spirit!
  Bugger.
  lol.
  Wow. It had to be pretty hot in there.
  We would welcome you in Chicago.
  That can certainly be arranged… What's your email?
  Will you be staying in CA, or looking elsewhere?
  I do. He used to work at the same restaurant as my wife.
  Moom… what does that do?
  That's awesome! By the way, are you familiar with Philip Saxby? He's another incredible artist from Nashville: 
  I'm MachineFM on Skype. It sounds like this could be fun.
  Would you be good to host over Skype? We could do an interview, plus spin a few tunes, and I'll run the show from here.
 Really digging'  new single, "Whistleblower". Turn the volume up, and hit play!  
  Maybe just one show… I'd like to showcase an independent artist from Hawaii...
  I know that feeling so well.
  "This tastes good." I guarantee I'm right.
  You snob. :p
  Speaking of soccer, I caught part of the Manchester United vs Seattle game. Seattle should've just walked off the field.
    Make sure you catch my friends  during their Sept. NYC residency: 
  Show 'em who's boss!
  lol
  Hopefully, this will make my life as a developer easier, and give more horsepower to Rubyists who care about speed.
  Second, on top of what I'm calling "beast" (the handler framework), I'm working on a minimalistic and very fast framework w/o Rack.
  Two things. First, a Mongrel-handler framework for Ruby. Basically, offer a maintainable interface for Rack - or use on it's own.
  Thank you sir. I hereby designate you the official ambassador from the  staff. :) 
  Sounds good to me.   
 Are you in  If so, you must go see  show at 12th and Porter tonight for me. 9:30. Be there. 
  Bahahaha! "Killer". Everything is a "killer" in that arena.
  How true. Those are truly the most frustrating people I've ever met.
  Oh, gotcha. I always just point them to the source. Most times, it's on GitHub, so they can download under a MIT license.
  Nice. I'm glad you got it to work!
  Yeah, that's worth a shot - although in my experience, SIMBL never worked. (Tho it was OK on regular Leopard, I think.) 
  I'm glad you at least found an answer. Maybe it's not _the_ answer, but it'll do for now. 
  Not sure what you're talking about exactly…
   "An error has occurred: blog not currently available", it says.
  I'm not sure why, but there's something almost magical about topless vehicles...
  Isn't it addictive? I could get used to a convertible.
  I've been told in the past that if I used iTerm that it does color. I never got it to work, though. 
  I'm not sure about anything  specific, but the base terminal provided with OS X doesn't support color - period.
  I don't think so. Few things can't be automated - and I'm not thinking spam detection and suspension is one of them. 
  There's plenty of shit out there in the music industry, that's the truth.
  I just upgraded to Lion, but haven't tried to enable color, so no reports of whether it's changed or not yet… 
  OS-X Terminal on Snow Leopard doesn't support 256 colors (like most everything else!). That's probably your issue. 
  Often, I find for-profit recording venues are less about the equip, and more about the attitude.
  Are you on Snow Leopard or Lion? 
 But, speaking of good audio… Have I mentioned that I can't wait for  sophomore record? They're totally today's  suggestion.
 Tonight's rant () is brought to you by a local radio station (who shall remain nameless).
  As far as I'm concerned, he can have it!
 Some studios and radio stations have a shit-ton of microphones, mixers, and cables, but don't have a clue about recording good audio.
  Got it. We see it Sunday with friends here in Chicago.
  Congratulations!
  It seems to be halfway between us and you, Kate. Plus, there's  theater close by   
  After a bit of googling, I came across . Thoughts?   
 Spent the day working on some Mongrel2 adapter stuff. I'll release it soon. That was fun.
  You know where we are… just pick something central…   
  That's why I just let  do most of my stuff. She's far better at it than me!
  It would seen that you the  have a lot in common.
  Ouch! It sounds like you've had a helluva time.
  I don't doubt it.
   I tried gisting the logs - they were too big. Here they are zipped, though: 
  Nope. 194GB free. I got that error, then tried again after a restart, assuming it was my fault. No dice. 
  Bugger - I tried installing jruby-head, and it failed. Here are the logs: 
  …any tips on how to do that quickly, and simply?
  I probably don't have the newest Java runtime. (Although, I just downloaded one as part of my OSX Lion upgrade.) I need to check...
  bah. it's nothing that really matters… Except, that  totally kicks MRI and Python's asses, & can compete with node.js.
  You're the boss. Spell it however you want.
  It sounds like we're both tinkering tonight. I'm benchmarking various rubies and shit: 
 Lies come in many forms, but benchmarks are a favorite of the programming crowd: 
  Cool! Well, we'd love to have you next month. DM me your email adds, and I'll make sure you get the announcement 
  Busy, but well. You?
  I'm not sure why I wasn't following you before. Go figure.
  bugger. I'm 40 minutes away, so we wouldn't have much time to spend.
  It truly is.  and I have been tweeting for a while now.
  How goes it (in this insane heat), and how did you bump into me?
  Yessir. Only virtually at the moment, but hopefully, it won't stay that way for long. 
  Ring me if you want - I can help you figure everything out. 312-685-2109.
  hey - You've been hacked. You'll want to change your password, and revoke any oauth app authorizations.
  keep me posted. What are you looking to do?
  What do you suggest? We're on the north side, and would love to do something.
  Hey there!
  Nope. It's this morning.
  in the morning. Don't forget! 
 Reading up on the Mongrel2 web server. It looks bad ass. 
   Rock on!
  Do you like it? I'll probably get one (or more) of those for our studio. It seems to have a but more high end than the 40.
  A PR-30? :)
  Here's a great remedy that was passed along from a friend, and works well:
  …Uh, what I meant to say was, harass  for me.
  Make sure to say hi to  He's out there from Chicago.
  Just out of curiosity, have you tried an external mouse? I'm guessing it would work ok. (Not a solution, though.) 
  That's cool. Thanks for sharing.
  What type of machine are you running (Mac/Windows/Linux), what form factor (Tower/Laptop), and do you have a link on the mic?
  Interesting. So the mic isn't receiving any outside power or connections from anywhere - except the USB port.
 Watch  - these guys are going to explode in late 2011 - 2012:  
 Apparently, upgrading to Lion removes your C compiler. Lovely.
 I'm rocking with   room with   and  Come join us?  
  Are you in town? We should meet up for drinks - beer, coffee, whatever. Both are very good in this city.
  It's a mess, and from my experience, most of them are scammers. They promise the world, waste your time, and provide nothing.
  Yeah, these are trying to pitch me on a job at one of their companies. You're the company.
  Most of the contacts I get are cold-calls (or cold-emails, I guess) - when will they learn that doesn't provide a decent return?
  I'm listed as unavailable, and running a company on all of the various networks. Somehow, they still hit me on a weekly basis.
  I'm attached to my email. Let's rock it old-skool.
  Nice... On that note, have you heard 
  Amen to that.
  That's what makes your comment unique. If I said something like that, it wouldn't have worked, no matter how well-intended.
  Good morning to you, sir. How goes it?
  Please, don't let that phrase catch on.
  Thanks for that. I'm glad you said it.
 RT  Dear Chicago: I need a cute, fuzzy puppy for a shoot tomorrow. Can anyone lend one to me for a half hour?
 Y'know those recruiters who don't take no for an answer? I take great pride in marking their emails as spam.  
  What did you think of the new HP film? No spoilers, please, as we haven't seen it yet. General thoughts?
  Hey. :)
  That, I saved for today. My brain is actually awake, and firing all on all cylinders... I'll beat that secure_link module today!
  I actually tweeted something along those lines this morning: 
  After unsuccessfully beating my head on a certain nginx config all day, I'll celebrate any indicators of progress with anyone!
 I rocked with  during the day, but tonight,  is all I want to hear.  
  Good call. (or a nice chardonnay would work too.)
  I'm guessing something mild... White or red? I'm guessing white...
  good catch!
  holy crap. And I thought I subscribed to a bunch of stuff.
  They all represent different mindsets.
  oh, bugger.
  in the  studio -  "The Coast is Clear". 
  Basically, digging up interesting events, and writing about them. Email me and we'll discuss more: nicholas at nicholaswyoung.com
  What do you need to rhyme? Crowdsource that sucker!
  Smart kids.
  ...and critical listening is the most expensive part, I would imagine. That, and genuine responses. 
 I need to find a loving, new home for the  project. Is anyone that I know interested in adopting it, or helping write?
  Sadly, that is true.
 I'm tired of the "will Google+ kill..." comments. Whatever you're talking about may become grossly unpopular, but nothing just dies.
  :)
  Everybody (except me, apparently) has a follower count of zero.
  Thanks for backing me up on this. 
  She'll be sure to get you once you're back in town, then. 
  Oh, and hey... Where's your RSVP?  
 Hey  you promised to attend this month's   will kick your ass if you don't. 
  Bummer. Well, at least send one of your friends. :) 
  His ideas for restructuring the Rack API specifically intrigued me: 
  Agreed. On another subject, but still Rails related, did you see Aaron Patterson's video from RailsConf?
  That sounds really bad. 
  Rails 3.1 has pissed me off in a number of ways. That is one of them.
  ...and while it's still the best framework for projects of any real size, I'm actively looking for a replacement framework.
  Of course. I'm crazy, what did you expect?
  Has the day improved any?
  You have to just cut the cord completely. Turn it all of. 
  I assume you're in a city where dumping the car isn't feasible...
 Hey! The  is happening this Thursday. Be there, or be square:  
  bummer. Sending some of my good luck your way. Today is full of WIN for me.
  Ha, awesome! 
  How nice!
  ...and I believe, among that subset of broadcasters, there's something shared, but we all approach the medium differently.
  Perhaps *all* isn't the right word there. There are some, like you and me, who love the music...
  I loved your first single. :)  
  Tell me, isn't there this common thread that runs between all broadcasters and lovers of good music?
 Jammin' out with an episode of my bud  podcast: 
  Totally!
  Likewise. I'm really glad that  invited us. :) You can find Susan on Twitter - 
  Oh crap. What happened?
  We'll have to hang out again in the future.
  It was! I felt like we were well acquainted before thanks to Twitter, but meeting IRL made it so much more awesome.
 Also, a shout out to the new folks I met tonight:  and  Let's keep in touch! 
 Had a great time tonight at the  fundraiser for the  It was good see  & 
  You should totally do the first episode live on 
  I'm listening to  Today's top pick? Probably the title track from 2010's, "Summer House": 
  Well said.
  You should meet  I think some of your softer stuff might fit in her playlists. :)
 Need some groove in your afternoon? Straight from SoCal,  brings you episode 274 of her famous "Chillcast": 
  Is that her title?
  :opens up iTunes, and presses "update":
  I would say so.
  (So much, in fact, that we're building the whole  studio around them.) 
  Give 'em a try. They're made just a few miles from me in Fairview Heights, IL. I've been seriously impressed. 
  Agreed. When raisins are disguised, that is cause for alarm.
  Cat .GIFs make the internet worth browsing.
  I bought a PR 40 for broadcast, and I've been seriously impressed.
  Have you tried the PR 20/22 from  I've heard that many producers prefer them even over the 57.
  Whoa. 
  Classy. 
  While I don't like most raisin cookies, I wouldn't go that far...
  Re: freelancers - I assume you've discussed this with 
  Why is that?
  I figured. Yeah, you need to dig into Greta's newer stuff. I've been following GM pretty much since day one.
  The calculations (which, of course, will need to change based on gas prices) will be the most difficult part.
  You've heard  right? (That's the suggestion I made to  
  Thanks!
  Crazy isn't it? 
  You've gotta have some  
  Bummer. I tried to listen to that station a few months ago and couldn't stand it.
  Also, is this local to you? Because a number of cities, include have a "Q101".
  Not that I know of. Shoutcast is full of that sorta thing.
  Make sure to hit me up. We'll have to grab coffee or something.
  Cab driver. I leave that up to 
  Hm, my map says ~20 miles. With that established, I want you to meet   & my buds at  They're cool.
  Hey Dave, how far are you from Detroit? Jut curious.
  I'm already using them for most of my server needs, and I haven't had but a few small problems in 2 years.
  If I remember, we picked up a bottle of it at Schaefer's annual wine sale:  
  Isn't it delicious? 
  Have all of the rumor sites aligned? The last I saw, each one was reporting different details on tomorrow's "release".
  rackspace sells basic imap boxes for like $3/mo. I may move over there.
 Reia (the programming language) has the potential to be very popular: 
  Will do.
  My google groups were all borked, and I couldn't unsubscribe... It sucked bigtime.
  I just fixed that on my domain. Gimme a sec, and I'll see if I can show you how...
 RT  Today's  pick comes from the   "Cold Shoulders" -  
  I really want my tri-fold back... and may still go get one.
  I have, and I didn't like it one bit.
  I've moaned about this very topic for years. I'm glad to hear I'm not the only one!
  Yes. I recently switched from a tri-fold to a "standard" wallet I was given for Christmas. It's difficult.
  That's not to say I'm giving up on finding an alternative. On the contrary - I'm actively looking on at least a weekly basis.
  I mostly just whine on Twitter (which perhaps I shouldn't do) to elicit responses from members of the community.
  Sadly, I need internet, and they're the only choice. Chicago has virtually one internet provider, and they're it.
  I wish I could ditch comcast...
  I don't expect it to have any.
 I will not help you find the ideal candidate. That isn't my job, as a recruiter, it IS yours. Pls do it. (Cont'd from: )
 I'm only going to say this once: I'm not a recruiter, nor will I ever be. Please don't fill up my inbox with requests for my network.
  Ouch! I considered signing up just a few days ago. I guess I won't, now.
  I've seen lots of people complaining about  today. What happened?
  I believe either we go pro, or we go home. Professional sound isn't optional.
  Good! I certainly hope you approve. :) There is still much work to be done, but we're making progress towards the launch.
  But... it will never be Willis Tower to me... and I'm not even a native!
  Both   are in Hilo.
 Can I shamelessly ask once more for one (or more) of you to like  on Facebook? Yes, I believe I can: 
  Hopefully it went well!
  nice! That was just what I was looking for.
  Thanks! We look forward to many more years together. 
  The answer could span several tweets, so I should probably just suggest you watch the about video: 
  That's with MongoMapper 0.8.0, I believe. Machine stats: 2.8 ghz Intel Core 2 Duo, 4gb RAM, OSX.  
  After Googling, that's what I figured... but I still felt it was ok to ask.
  One thing I've been telling myself recently: the process of recovery, while unpleasant, is less so than living like I am now.
  Recovery isn't fun. (It never is.) But you can beat the disease. I believe it.
  I still haven't figured out how to vote. I tried several times, but it didn't seem to work any of the times I tried.
  I'm curious... Why the name Padrino? (Maybe this should be in the documentation...?)
  :)
  I believe you can not only do, but rock this.
  I once had the same fear. Get on stage, take the mic, and be yourself. The audience will appreciate that.
  Neat. I have friends in Hawaii - or virtual ones anyway, though I'm sure they'd vouch for me. Hi   and  :)
  One thing I've had to learn recently: you're the only one who notices most of your faux pas. 
  90ish. I'm originally from Alabama, but spent a few years in Tenn. before moving to Chicago. Yes, it's hot, but I feel wimpy.
  ...and if you're in any way saying I'm a "rock star", I disagree. (Perhaps I read that wrong?)
  You have all the confidence I can give. :) Blow 'em away!
  How's the weather down there? Hot?
  You'll rock it, I know.
  I'm so disconnected from that world. I didn't know  had been redesigned until your tweet.
  That said, if I could figure out how to build pretty, controller-based, multi-file Sinatra applications without it, I would.
  That makes sense. For my main project, I think  is going to be a perfect fit... but it's not for everyone.
  Gotcha. So you just went back to Rails?
  Thanks! I appreciate your support!
 If you haven't "liked"  on facebook, do me a favor and do so. I need a few more people to to get a custom URL: 
  What do I see sitting on the table to your right?
  nicholas at originalmachine.com . I should be able to make it happen.
  Hit me. Let's talk tomorrow.
  I'm happy for you. Have a great time with your 
 I want to give a hearty "fuck you" to Google. Thanks to this account migration shit, I can't unsubscribe from any Google groups lists.
 Oh, and if you need a reason to check out 
  Is that... Golden Grahams?
 When I buy a disc, I wish it came with the 96khz WAV files. 44.1khz just isn't cutting it anymore. 
  I take it that isn't a good thing? I'm curious... what point are you attempting to make? 
   Will do! Also, maybe you two can help me get to 25 "likers" on my page for  
 Yesterday, I started building an application with the  framework, and so far, I love it.
 Also, a big thanks and I love you to  She not only puts up with, but loves me on a daily basis, and deserves some praise!
  and I spent our 2nd anniversary with (what feels like) our big, extended Italian family at La Villa restaurant. I'm happy now.
  when is likemind? I forget... 
  welcome back. Where have ya been?
  it's 90 or so where I am, and it seems so hot. 
  I seriously doubt that it will continue to, but for your sake, hope that it continues to work.
  In the end, WP's old, somewhat brittle codebase, gave way. It wasn't designed with our purposes in mind.
  I ended up needing to do lots of custom work on top of WP to support the features we needed...
  Thanks! 
  Thanks! We're having a pretty chilled out day, then headed to our favorite Italian restaurant. :) 
  Ooh, I did that a few years ago and regretted it.
  We had some noise in our area today. I thought the 4th was supposed to be over...
  How true.
 For the late night crowd, my farewell episode of the Mothpod, 224 (Tea and Cake) has been posted:   
  What about 12 Angry Men?
  The Matrix In My Pants 
 I'm pretty excited about this webinar on July 21 - The  Platform Throwdown:  vs.  vs.  - 
  Seriously?
 I've enjoyed being away from the 'net for most of the day. This afternoon was spent in real-life with  and  :)
 Plans have been made to hang out with  today. :)
 DJing a few of my favorite tracks. Wanna hear (or share your faves)? Come hang in the  room at  
 Thanks to  I'll be attending  TechWeek conference: 
  or, "what? you didn't see the lightshow?"
  Earlier today, I was handed a JW pamphlet about the coming end of the world. I wanted to say, "WTF? aren't you already gone?"
  alright! Way to go classic!
  rules were made to be broken.
   If you're open to working virtually (which I've did successfully before with many other clients) we can talk.
 Thankfully, they're on the bus behind us, or it would be the second time I've been hit on this trip.
 Jehovah's Witnesses on public transit. This could end badly.
 Building a JSON API with  This gem will make your life much easier:  
  I haven't read the article yet, but that's kinda laughable. I guess I should go read it now, though.
  Got it. :) thanks!
  In any case, thanks for responding with suggestions. 
  Hey! I actually met with the guy who I think will be my new CPA yesterday (before your tweet) but I'll keep  in mind
  Gotcha. Is that something you enjoy? (It seems like it.)
  I'm just catching up. Know you have our thoughts from Chicago.
  After years with the classic FCP version, I'll probably be in the same position. Do you mind sharing?
 Really enjoying this video of  and  "All Your Lies" accompanied only by the cello -  
   How was the crowd last night?
  I see...
  Ignore the haters.
  Convenience. Or, most at least perceive them as convenient.
  Is this for FCP-X or the classic version?
  Whoa. What's he so freaked out about?
     - you guys are my  Thanks for all of the encouragement recently.
  Howdy. So, tell me… what is it that you do?
 Yep, and I enjoyed doing it. RT   DAMMIT! Blew my cover!
 Happy birthday to my amazing wife 
  You're most welcome!
  
  WTF? Wow...
