 Now playing on the pink iPod:  "All I Can Do." Brand new fan. Love, love, love it. :)
  Thank you so much!! :) It's pretttttty bad!  
 SO CUTE!  RT  Ma! Please give me the ball! Pretty please. 
 Sweltering on  (another bus with NO air-delightful!) On the pink iPod: Gaelic Storm & Madcon & Sia & ABBA & 
 burned 361 calories doing 27 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog" 
 Wondering how  first night at camp went! Bet she'll have a lot of fun today. Sure do miss her a lot, though.
  We hated it too. Managed to stick out one "assigned seating" show, but we were uncomfortable and hated every second. :(
  It's true. We went tonight to see "Friends W/Benefits" & they had signs posted. "You asked, we listened-no more assigned seats"
 Missing  so badly right now. The house feels so empty. I know she's having a blast at camp...just hard to be so far away. :(
 RT  Maintain faith not only when things are going good but when things are going bad. Do this & all things will be fixed...
 Our favorite summertime bistro for the tastiest salad in town. :) ( Ingredient) 
 "Friends With Benefits" was wonderful. Laughed and cried. Thought it was great! 
 Here to see "Friends With Benefits" with my hubby. :)  ( AMC Town Center 20 w/ 11 others) 
 I'm at Paciugo Gelato w/  
  Thanks :) Hope your son is having a blast at camp! :) How cool that you get to go visit!
 My beautiful camper  and  at camp. 
  and her camp counselors Bubbles and Shutterbug. :) 
 Just dropped  off at camp. Made it to the car before I promptly burst in to tears.  
  It only works for iPhone and Android. Drat! :(
 Heartbreakingly horrible rollover accident on Highway 71. Life Flight landed right in the middle of the road. 
 This is *incredibly* hard. Trying not to cry in the car. 
 And we're off. Dropping  off at Girl Scout camp. Already feel sad. I know she will have a blast, but I'll miss her *so* much.
 Send me an invite? :) RT  Wordfeud with random opponents is FUN! 
  Thank you so much! I needed to hear that!! :)
 Two days of emotional eating + not walking for two days = my first weight gain (!!) since my journey began. Will work harder next week! :(
 Happy birthday  :)
 The more I read about what happened in  the more my heart just breaks. :(
    Ha!  :)
 Ha! I beat  twice at  trivia! :)
 I *heart* chicken wings!  ( Buffalo Wild Wings w/ 2 others) 
 RT  Praying for those in Norway affected by these terrorist attacks. So sad. Let's send wishes and prayers for peace...
 Yikes!!! RT  Gardner WX 07/23/11 2:00 PM | 105F, 32% Humidity, Feels Like 113F | Alerts: Alert | 
 Taking a shopping break for a sub at Planet Sub.  
 Wow, how sad. She was so talented. :( RT  R.I.P. Amy Winehouse.    You had a short sad life (27) and I dearly loved your music.
  & I are shoppingshoppingshopping! She leavtes for Girl Scout camp tomorrow (sad momma!) & we're getting last-second stuff!
  & I are shoppingshoppingshopping! She leaves for Girl Scout camp tomorrow (sad momma!) & we're getting last-second stuff!
  Thanks Ryan. :)
 We're at Oak Park Village gawking at the fire damage from today's explosion. Sad. :( Glad  &  &  are OK!!
 You can say *that* again!!! :) RT   Woooohoooo
 I feel *so* much better. :)
  Absolutely loved your blog post about Easton's (almost) sleep over. 3 is such an amazing age and Easton is adorable. :)
  Today's emotional mess really threw me. I think maybe I am just sad that she is growing up so fast. Wish I could stop time.
  *sigh* I am so afraid. A total mess. Me, the one who never shuts UP can't speak. I feel like such an idiot...and a bad mom.
 burned 420 calories doing 30 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog" 
 Longer walk today... 
 *sigh* I wish I hadn't waited so long/chickened out every.single.night.this.week.  :(
 The older I get, the less tolerant I am of the "entitled" mentality. Would never *occur* to me to ask a bus to wait 25 minutes for me.
 (Seriously? Who the <deleted> is so important that the rest of us have to wait?)
 Not thrilled to be sitting idle for 25 minutes on  at Oak Park Mall. I'm "acting boss" today and kinda need to get to the office.
  and her friend Emily, who she hasn't seen since second grade! 
 From the frying pan into the fire... 
 Note to  Driver - It's  350°  outside. That handy "air conditioner" button? PUSH IT. Best, Your Sweaty Passengers  
 Walked a little bit longer today. No speed record, but that's OK. :) 
  Hey, I'm a giver. What can I say? ;)
  I have *no* idea. ;)   
  I know! Can't get it out of my head! :)
 "You could get with *this*, or you could get with *that*." 
 It didn't really bother me at first, but *now*? Now I'm pissed. 
 Wow, this is *so* much more difficult than I thought it would be.
 burned 263 calories doing 20 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog" 
 "Never was a Cornflake Girl..." 
 Boss  and I are busting out. A little lunch followed by some supply shopping.
 Morning soundtrack on the pink iPod: "The Dance" by Fleetwood Mac. 
 DFAS girls' night out! :) ( Smashburger) 
  and I are treating ourselves to some faboo  :)
 Adorable! How can you say no? :) RT  Ok, now they're really ramping up the pressue. Must. Say. No! 
 Just a little toasty in the jalopy. 
 Ready to put a very emotional and difficult day to rest. Tonight, it's GIRLS' NIGHT with my beautiful   
 How can I become one of those don't-give-a-damn sorts that let everything roll off their backs? I let insignificant crap make me *so* mad..
 That was like taking a bullet...to my left fucking ventricle.
  Nope. :( Popsicle Jen.
 It's completely unnecessary for my JO bus to be 50 degrees at 7:30 in the morning. It's not even 80 out yet. 
 "These feelings won't go away. They've been knockin' me sideways..." 
   Thank you! She was so excited! :)
 Also incredibly proud of  who made his daughter's evening by agreeing to be her date for the  concert in September!
 So incredibly proud of my  who bridged from Brownies to Junior Girl Scouts tonight! :-)
  Thanks Laura.  :-)
  is over the moon. She's getting ready for her Junior Girl Scout bridging & an old friend who moved away is coming to visit!
  Feeling pretty good. Hanging in there. :)
  Thanks Nicole! :)
 lost 1.2 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 53 pounds so far. 
  showed us an adorable vid called "Crazy Frog" on YouTube. It had an updated "Axel F" as a background song. Cute :) 
  Nice to know I'm not the only mom out there facing this "big challenge." I actually am a little ... 
 *sigh* Time for "the talk" is looming and I'm scared to death. :(   
   Hiiii Laura! :) How are you? :)
 YUM!!! ( Paciugo Gelato w/ 2 others) 
 Our favorite summertime restaurant! ( Ingredient w/  
 OMG - Trader Joe's is *packed*! Hmmm, think I'll come back in a few weeks when it's old news.
 The traffic on I-35 inbound is *insane*. Can't even get to 119th Street.
  It was really nice! Started too late tho. We all dozed off! :) DM question. :)
 Good seeing you guys too! :) RT  Nice to see   and  tonight at the park!
 Checking out the first-ever free movie in the park. :) ( Cornerstone Park w/  
  And we love y'all too. Lots-n-lots. :)
  You are quite possibly the sweetest tweet in all of Twitterville. (re: 
  I am so sorry for your loss, Hollie. Your family is in our thoughts and prayers.
 burned 288 calories doing 21 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog" 
  Epic win! I.wanna.see! :)
 Wishin' I was with my kiddos and watching them get their splash on at the pool! cc:  &   :)
 Sweatin' at work!. Much cooler *inside* than out. My poor sweaty    
  Stop by 2PS and get a quick smooch from your wife, why dontcha? :)   :)
  Amen to that! Have our people call his people...or something. Hahaha! :)
  Ha! I Love it! We need ppl on the inside so we can get celebrities to do that kinda stuff for us! Dying to sing w/  !
  He really does! I love "All That I Am" :) cc: 
 I've got  on the brain tonight. Can't stop singin' his songs!  
 Adorbs!! RT  The Stellaluna. How freakin' cute is she? 
 At Brownies. One more practice before  and her Brownie sisters bridge to Juniors! :)
 burned 274 calories doing 20 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog" 
 I *love* our nurse at our National Office. Absolutely love her!
  Thank you so much! :) :)
  I bought the skirt and may buy a new dress this weekend. Wooooot! :)
 So, I dropped a skirt size (almost 2). Good diet rejuvenation juju.
 Dinner :) ( Buffalo Wild Wings w/  
  :) :) :)
  You make me happy. Thank you Paige. It's not that we fall, but how we pick ourselves up, right? 
 Emotional mess. Hormones + work stress = unhappy Jennifer. An unhappy Jennifer who blew her diet by eating her weight in Sun Chips. 
  Thank you :) *hugs*
 God almighty, I need a makeover in the worst possible way. 
  Stat! Symphony on the Prairie? Or something indoors and cool? :)
 Ha! :) RT  Happy Hump Day Tweeps! Life is short. Go hump someone you love!
  :) Howya be, KayOfMyHeart(tm)? I miss you.
 I *heart* thunderstorms!
 Need a new charger. ( T-Mobile) 
 burned 276 calories doing 20 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog" 
 I-r-r-i-t-a-t-e-d.  Not a good afternoon.
 RT  Everyone send good vibes  way. He's a great person and needs all the support he can get!
  Ha! I'm such a badass. TheJO passengers near and far fear me.  :)
 I continue to remain astonished at just how unbelievably rude some  riders are. Yeah 4:02 "L" bus, I'm talkin' to you.
  Thanks Love. I think Ill go Bennie for night-time. I can't have another night like I had last ... 
  Same exact virus (varicella). It lies dormant in your nerves and can be triggered by stress or a low immune system. :(
  Thank you. I am so, so itchy post-shingles. Can't take it anymore. It's driving me bonkers. :(
 Just got a call-back from the doctor. Zyrtec or Allegra for the post-shingles itchyness. Benadryl at night. Which of these 3 work best?
 Damn you, Def Leppard!
 Dessert! :) ( Paciugo Gelato) 
 I laughed so hard! :) RT   Monkey steals camera to snap himself in a variety of vain poses. 
 Scared the hell out of me. Just saw police draw weapons and arrest someone. Wasn't sure if he had a weapon too. :(
 Thinking of  and  and sending you both lots of love!
 Havin' dinner with   and G'ma & G'pa Smith. :) ( Applebee's Neighborhood Grill & Bar) 
 Zoikes! RT  Gardner WX 07/10/11 4:00 PM | 101F, 41% Humidity, Feels Like 113F | Alerts: Alert | 
 "I'm drowning in your eyes. I'm floating out to sea. Helpless on the restless tide that flows between you and me..."
 RT  Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose. ~Tom Krause via 
  Thanks Jean!! :) *hugs*
 lost 2.2 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 51.8 pounds so far. 
 Date night. :) ( Margarita's) 
 Date night with my handsome hubby. :)
  True! :) Plus, they're the ones that went to medical school. All I did was research shingles online. ... 
  *nods* I think you're right. I'll call Monday and talk to the nurse. Thanks for thinking of me. :)
  Not yet. It just started happening. It feels tingly and weird. Almost itchy. Maybe it's good, though? ... 
 The whole left side of my face is tingly like crazy. I think the nerves are trying to regenerate themselves post-shingles. It feels yicky.
 Philisophy Hope In A Jar, please! ( Beauty Brands) 
 Guess who's sleepy and snuggling with Mommy's sweatshirt?  :) 
 It's tearful song morning! "I Won't Let Go" by Rascal Flatts. Absolutely beautiful., and deeply personal and meaningful to me.
  HA! :) Some Waterloo or Dancing Queen would make me smile about now!! :)
 "That I Would Be Good" by Alanis Morissette - makes me cry every.single.time I hear it.
  I like the better privacy (circles). I guess I just have to play around with it until I get the hang of it. :)
 OK, so I am trying to figure out this Google + thing,  I don't see how it's any different than Facebook.  What am I missing?  
 Having a *wonderful* time at GNO. New friends and old friends and lots of laughter! Thanks  Jill Shera Yolonda and Sonya! <3
 GIRLS NIGHT OUT! ( Austin's Bar and Grill II) 
 Aaack! Is it awful that I am running (so very) late to the girls' night out event I planned? :(  
  I am good. Getting better one day at a time. Still have some residual ick from the shingles, but its manageable. Miss you lots!
  Thank you my pretty. *hug* Howya been?
 burned 287 calories doing 20 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog" 
  Could be *nod* I've got Firefox at home. Will give that a try. I really want to see what all the buzz is about. :)
  Computer. It says my browser is incompatible. (It's IE, so I don't know why). Last night, it just said ... 
  Yeah. :( D&C (the second one this year). :(
  Hmm. Sure wish it'd hurry up and work the kinks out. I am dying to give it a try!
  Thanks :) Are you on there? Do you like it? Kinda looks like an overly-glorified Facebook.
  Yep. Still no go. :(
 Still can't get in to Google+ ... Trying to reschedule my 7/27 surgery date ... Avoiding a nasty Lean Cuisine ... 
  Have a good run sweetie. Get photos of the (luft) balloons. :)
 burned 310 calories doing 22 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog" 
 Late night walk. No goal-breaking tonight. It's been 2 weeks...working on getting my stride back. 
   :) :) :)
 Not really a Sheryl Crow fan, but "100 Miles From Memphis" is *great*. "Sign Your Name" w/  & "Sideways" w/Citizen Cope - GOOD!
 ("Look kids! Big Ben! Parliament!") 
 My  driver is an imbecile. First, he gets us exceptionally lost in Gardner, and now he's driving in circles around the Great Mall.
 HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my first Twitter friend and dear sis  :) Hope today is wonderful and amazing! <3
   Thanks Katy. :) I just got one as a gift and I have suspicions. :(  can I send you a photo?
 Just watched a video of the girls when they were Daisy Girl Scouts back in kindergarten. Promptly cried like a baby. :)  :(
 Homemade invites made by  :) 
  & her Brownie sisters & 2 "junior Brownies" clowning around in front of the bridge they made. 
 At Girl Scouts with  planning the bridging to Juniors ceremony. Lots to do and lots going on!
 Does anyone know how to verify if a Louis Vuitton bag is indeed a Louis Vuitton bag and not a cheap knock-off?
  I *love* that logic!!! :)
  Thanks sis *hugs*
  :) :) :)
 My doctor is running *so* late. :( Hate it when this happens.
 I'm at Womens Clinic of Johnson County 
  You make my heart happy in a great big way! *hugs* Thank you so much!! :)
 New blog post: "The Forgotten Path" - - 
 Awwwww - so cute! :)  RT  Found this great plate at PolkaDot Pottery. 
  Totally confused....one the description doesn't apply to? :) LOL
 I *heart* Minskys! ( Minsky's Pizza w/  
 YUM! ( Paciugo Gelato) 
 And game  also goes to Daddy! Congrats  :) 
 And round  goes to  Yay Daddy! 
 We're catching up to you,  :) 
 Mommy isn't a good bowler! :) 
 Family bowling shenanigans!  ( AMF College Lanes) 
 Doing a little bitta  work this morning, and then it's off to fun and frolic avec ma famille  and   :)
  I will! :)
 Please join my new  page on  and give me a "like"! :)  BIG July 4th sales!  is the place to be.  Plz RT!
 SCENT-sational Special! Happy 4th, all!  To celebrate the stars and stripes, I am offering several great specials... 
  I will. :)
 Relaxing night. Just put down my book about Dewey, the library cat to snuggle with Maggy, the world's most amazing Boston Terrier. :)
      Very soon! :)
  Awwww! Congratulations on your new addition. :) I miss you! Need to go for drinks the next time I come home! :)
  WU TANG! Hey you! Howya been? ("I got Jizza, Rizza, Ol' Dirty Bastard!" - remember Chappelle & WuTang on "Crank Yankers"?) LOL
 Confirmed by  :) RT  Pisces have enough energy to light up a city.&will shine light on even the darkest places.
 Also read the first few chapters of "Dewey," about the Spencer, Iowa library cat. Sad beginning but a heartwarming story so far. 
  has commandeered the pink laptop to play an online game w/a friend. Made homemade crockpot BBQ chicken. House smells GOOD!!!
 Missing my ladies tonight. Happy 4th you guys! XOXO     
  Thanks Heather! :)
   Thanks so much you guys! :)
 lost 3.8 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 49.6 pounds so far. 
 <3  RT   rockin the karaoke mic 
   Hahaha! Tang, only better. Slight enhancement of the liquor kind? :)
   Hahaha!  :) Have fun (& some of that delicious orange drinky) for me! :)  
  Glad to hear all is going well for you guys! We'll miss everyone tonight! Send photos! :)
  I will check in to him. Thank you!  :)
 Seriously, Michaels? Christmas stuff? It's not even the 4th of July yet! 
  
 Picking up our CFC "Shop For A Cause" tickets! ( Macy's) 
 So far, I've downloaded Tori Amos, Toni Braxton, & Sheryl Crow. Looking for some sensual, jazzy trumpet (a la Chris Botti). Recommendations?
 "Cornflake Girl" by Tori Amos and "Punk Rock Girl" by the Dead Milkmen.......similar, but completely different. :) 
 "China" by Tori Amos - reminds me of a horrible breakup just after college, and how it changed my life in so many ways for the better.
  I love Tori-thanks for the suggestion. :) Just looked up Playing For Change on iTunes. :)
 Looking for ideas for new music to download on the pink iPod. Any suggestions? Likes: new age, jazz, soul singers, coffeehouse-esque stuff.
 Thanks to my  &  for my "Celebrate Moma's Going Back To Work" evening. Eats at Ingredient & gelato at Paciugo!
 Sea salt caramel gelato FTW! ( Paciugo Gelato w/   
 Salad! ( Ingredient) 
 It is estimated that one in every 110 children is diagnosed with autism, making it more common than childhood... 
 I have a new  Facebook page!  Stop by, give me a "like," and let's be friends!  (please RT - thanks so much!)
 All of the delicious with none of the calories!  Happy Birthday is Scentsy's YUMMY fragrance of the month for... 
 Check out Cupcake, July's adorable warmer of the month for July, 2011!  A rich, chocolate-brown warmer dish is... 
 It's back!  Bring Back My Bar returns 20 of Scentsy's most loved fragrances to the regular product line, but only... 
 Happy Birthday, Scentsy!  July 1, 2011 is Scentsy's seventh birthday.  To celebrate, all my Scentsy friends, fans,... 
 Hello Scentsy fans and friends! I am closing down my "Scentsy With Jennifer Smith" group, and will be using this... 
  3 weeks! Wow! :) I bet they are over the moon! How is  feeling?
  ;-) *whistles innocently*
  Ah, the joys of bus life. :) Feeling *much* better. Went back to work today, which was *so* great! :). How are you guys doing? :)
 Our  bus has *no* air & the loud people have moved up to the front by me. Residual shingles headache + hot as hell = unhappy Jen.
 Shut *up* lady. If I can hear you over the pink iPod blaring Madcon's "Beggin," we have a problem.  
  Ha!!!! You know who said that, don't you? ;-)
  WOO HOO!! Foxy momma! :)
 *Also* OH at dinner: "Don't you tweet that, God dammit!!!"
 OH at dinner: "I'm making children happy, God dammit!"
  Yes plz. :)
 Dinner avec ma famille. :) ( Austin's Bar and Grill II w/  
 I just unlocked the "Ten Hundred" badge on  
  Pic plz! :)
 Just got an EMAIL from boss  "Thanks Jennifer. What would I do without you? WAIT DON'T ANSWER THAT :) "  Happy. :)
  We :*heart* Smashy! Nutter Butter shakes for the win! :)
  Thanks Seth :) I am *so* happy!  :)
 My "Get Out Of Hell Free Card" :)  
 I just became the mayor of Arbor Creek Family Care on  
 Please tell me my  nightmare is over! ( Arbor Creek Family Care) 
 Felt *so good* to get OUT of the house tonight with my family! Hoping to get a clean bill of health at the doctor's office tomorrow!
  :) Miss you guys. Sorry I couldn't help last weekend. Shingles sucks! :( How is the new place?
  Are you over here? I thought you guys were out by Oak Park. :)
 Having a SmashSalad at SMASHY!  :) ( Smashburger) 
 Throwing this out to the masses in the hopes that someone can help.  Has anyone recovered from  only to get postherpetic neuralgia?
 Just saw the trailer for "Friends With Benefits" with  and Mila Kunis. Looks like high quality giggity. :)
  Thanks Nic! *hug* :)
 I have a doctor's appointment Thursday at 10:15! PLEASE God, let them clear me to go back to work. I'm going NUTS here! 
 Maggy, mommy loves you so much.  
 I gotta say...working at home and being cooped up here because of my shingles has been made so much less awful because of my amazing puppeh.
 Sad heart. :( RT  Please RT!!    named Monkey from   
 *Wow*. Bitch much?
  *Muuuch* better! Night and day difference. Still have the bumps and some mild headaches, but other than that, good. How are you?
 burned 80 calories doing 8 minutes of "Bicycling, <10 mph, leisure (cycling, biking, bike riding)" 
 RT  "You will never realize how strong you are until you have no other choice but to be strong."
 :( RT  Yesterday Shannon Bauer spent another  without her brother Shane.   
  Thanks Paige!! :) *hugs*
 lost 2.6 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 45.8 pounds so far. 
 Need some laughs! Going to see "Bad Teacher" with my handsome hubby! ( AMC Studio 30 w/ 7 others) 
 I just unlocked the "Zoetrope" badge on  
  Ha! Sign me up, please! 
 Suppose it'd be OK for me to chase 2 Vicodin with a box of wine?
 What an *unbelievable* douchebag. Some people just don't get it. *shaking her head*
 Hurting. Hurting. Hurting. How much longer is this gonna go on?
  Thank you so much!
 Violent  headache is returning, but it's *so* worth it. This night with my husband was *so* incredibly needed after the awful week.
 Richard Elliott doing "When A Man Loves A Woman" as I snuggle my man beneath the stars at Jazz in the Woods = sexah!
 Now on stage at Jazz on the Woods: Richard Elliott! Snuggling with  and enjoying the beautiful night.
  Thanks. :)
 Jazz in the Woods with my baby. ( Corporate Woods Office Park) 
 Treating myself after a *horrible* week.  
 Can't *believe* I'm going out in public looking like I do. :( I hate shingles, but I hate being cooped up in the house too!
 This *sucks*. :(
 Phone call from bosses  and  Still banished from the office. Need clearance letter from my doctor stating I'm no longer contagious.
 C-l-i-m-b-i-n-g the w-a-l-l-s! I hate working from home. I miss my office! I miss instant access to all my files! I miss my coworkers! Ugh!
  Thanks for the  Feeling good today. Working at home & going crazy. Need to get outta the house! ... 
 Wish I was there! RT  Here with the kid to watch a play - "Beauty and the Beast" ( Gardner Edgerton High School)
 Miss Maggy, not at *all* helpful as Mommy works from home today. Zzzzzz..... :) 
 RT  THIS! RT  Voting for Event and Communication Chair begins now!  Voting ends on Wednesday.   
 Miss Maggy, my coworker as I work from home (in bed) today! She's helping me write my Des Moines audit. :) 
 VI-o-lent headache. 2 Vicodin down. Ready for this to be *over*.
  A little better, thanks. Stayed home again today. The bumps are more red & pronounced. Eye isn't so sensitive. Hope it's over soon.
  I stayed home today from work but will probably go back tomorrow. They gave me Vicodin for the pain, which is *great*!
 Dear Vicodin: I love you. Truly, madly, and deeply. Leave me never. Yours, Jennifer 
  Mine is around my eye, too. It's a pain like I've never experienced. Stabbing and sharp and violent. :( Glad you are better now.
 Ugh!
  Ha! I miss it. Wish I could have gone. I *heart*  :(
  Thank you. Hope you feel better soon.
  Thank you. The cold against my skin definitely feels good. I was so exhausted yesterday and slept&slept. Felt good. Shingles suck!
 Hoping  is having fun judging the notebook competition over at  & wishing I was there too. First year I'm missing it.
 Shingles,day 3. Pain subsiding but not gone altogether. Eye swollen. Hard to open. Blisters itchy. Look like an ogre who's just been beaten.
  Thanks April. :) It kinda hit out of nowhere and it hit me hard. I have good meds and I am hoping to get past it soon.
  *big hug* Thank you so, so much my sweet friend! I needed that! :)
  I have shingles around my eye and on my forehead :(
  :) :)
  And lots of drugs and time. I am just not very patient sometimes. :(
  A little. :(
  *hug* You make my heart happy. Thank you. :)
 Quarantined in my office. Feel *completely* alone. Wish unafraid colleague or 2 would come in and say hello. Feeling bad inside and out. :(
  Thank you Love.
  I have Shingles around my eye and on my forehead. The medication is disorienting me. :(
 Disoriented and dizzy. :(
 Exhausted and sore, but heading back to work today. Hoping for a (MUCH) better day today than yesterday.  
 The Vicodin is kicking in and I hurt less right in this moment than I have in days. 
 Shingles. So unbelievably painful. Eye dialated & checked to ensure I wouldn't go blind. One of the most scary ... 
 I'm at Family Eye Care (15052 S Blackbob Roas, 159th Streer, Olathe) 
 I'm at Arbor Creek Family Care (16538 West 159th Terrace, Olathe) 
  Gee, so do I!
 Leaving the office to go see my doctor. Theories abound. Shingles, conjunctivitis, etc. My eye hurts *so badly* :(
 Hoping it's just a sty and not orbital cellulitis. The doctor wants me to come in this afternoon. My eye hurts *so badly*. :(
 Missing my ladies this morning      Have a great week ladies!
 RT  Inspiration is too polite to come & thwap you on the noggin', it's a fragrance that wafts by & hopes you'll notice <3
 Well I'll.be.damned. Who knew? Rubbing 14k gold over a sty helps alleviate the pain! First time my eye hasn't hurt in *days*. 
 My eye is so *unbelievably* sore. :(
  Thank you!!! :)
 43.2 - still can't believe it!  
       and all the dads out there!
  Thank you. :) I feel good. Kinda can't believe it! :)
 lost 3.6 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 43.2 pounds so far. 
 My eye is *killing* me. :(
 burned 758 calories doing 90 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog" 
 Sad. RIP. :( "All my life...you're a friend of mine..." RT  Saxophonist Clarence Clemons has died: 
 Mmmmm saaaaaaaaalad! ( Ingredient) 
 Ingredient makes me happy. :) 
 Welcome to the Kansas City Zoo! :) 
 Family day at the KC ZOO! :) ( KC Zoo) 
 Ow, ow, owww! I think I'm developing a sty at the very edge of my left eye. It *hurts*. :( Other than warm compresses, what can I do? 
 Thanks  for my pretty French manicure! :) 
 Getting my pretty on with  :) ( Bebe Nails) 
 And now my dumbass  driver just passed TradeNet. Hey jerk, some of us get off there!
 RT  We're  3 followers away from 600!  us! We help  centers,  offices,    halosofhope.org
 And we're sitting idle at Oak Park Mall on a 20-degree, icicles-are-formin'  bus *why* exactly? 
  I don't either. He does it all the time, too. And it's wrong. I guess Johnson County Transit is desperate for drivers. :(
 Whoa!  driver deliberately passed someone by and was an ass about it and a passenger took him *down*. It was hilarious. 
 Just ate *2* chocolate chip cookies. I feel so bad. :(
 burned 279 calories doing 20 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog" 
  I usually take 2, but it hurt so badly today that I felt I had no choice. :(
  Just took 3 (bad, I know) Advil. Hoping it'll kick in soon.
  :) Thank you :)
 Big. Assed. Headache. :(
  Weird people abound on my public transit system. There's allllways someone who's a little off or weird! :)
  HA!!!!! She's SUPER and that's just how she rolls! Love it! :)
  Could be!!
  No, *I* was blind after seeing her! Hee hee! :) She was *so* bright!
 Why would someone wear a bright pink vest with neon/hot pink nail polish and BRIGHT red shoes?
 Gin rummy! :) 
 burned 290 calories doing 20 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog" 
  Hey love! Let me know what  fragrance(s) you want so I can turn in your order. :)
 RT  Wanna help a child in foster care? RT this tweet and  will send 50¢ to the   
 Love! RT  Check out these quatrefoil inspired bridal shoes at... 
  Often! :)
  "...Hulk the fuck out." Love it!
 burned 279 calories doing 20 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog" 
 Hey  I love you!  :)
  Agreed!!!!! :) 
 "But the sun is stealing the sky and shining above you. Let me hear you sing once more, like you did before....sing a new song Chiquitita."
 "And I wonder if I ever cross your mind. For me, it happens all the time..."    
 Rock on, sister! :) RT  lost 0.6 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 15.4 pounds so far. 
 burned 289 calories doing 20 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog" 
 Post-workout beauty disaster. Slight mishap with the black eyeliner = Jen looks like she got punched in the eye!
 A little sore and crampy today. No new records, but I did still average out in the 17s. :)  
 Having a girls' night with  Shopped for  for Dad's Day, had dinner, did drawings, and now, gin rummy! :)
 burned 128 calories doing 20 minutes of "Walking, 2.0 mph, slow pace" 
 On an e-a-r-l-y  this morning. Hoping for a quick and busy and productive day. :)
 RT  The child has been found in the Kansas City  | Suspect still sought. Updates here: 
 RT  UPDATE: Suspect vehicle located in Kansas City  suspect and child still sought 
 Zzzz. Just waking up from an amazing nap.
 RT  The farther behind I leave the past, the closer I am to forging my own character ~ Isabella Eberhardt via 
 Not really hungry, but we promised  we'd do dinner at her favorite place. ( Olive Garden) 
 Momma needs some yummy, smelly stuff.  ( Bath & Body Works) 
 1 hour and 6 minutes! So proud of 
 Aaaaand he's off! Proud of my baby running in the 10K! cc:  :)
  and  before Brent Bays! I'm on TeamSmith! 
 Cheering on  at the Brent Bays 5K/10K! ( Celebration Park) 
  Thanks sister! :) :) How have you been?
 Only 39.6 pounds. *sigh* Was hoping for a bigger number. Like 50! (Ha!) Oh well. At least it's a loss and not a gain. 
 lost 2.6 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 39.6 pounds so far. 
 Up before the sun. Not sure if the weather's gonna cause the Brent Bays 5K/10K to be cancelled. Looks dark out there.
  Maddy's so adorable! :)
 Momma and daughter at Gardner's Festival on the Trails. :) 
 Festival on the Trails! ( Johnson County Fairgrounds) 
 YUM! ( Minsky's Pizza w/ 2 others) 
  No thanks necessary.  *HUGS*  Love you.
 I am blessed with so many amazing friends here on Twitter, including my wonderful TwitterFamily(tm). Love you guys muchly.
  WOW! You're at the  show! JEALOUS!!!!! :) :)
  I needed to hear that in the worst way. Thank you so much. *big hugs*
 Missing  so badly it hurts.
 Thanks  and  :)
  "...no Monica Lewinsky cigar" You crack me up! :)
 burned 283 calories doing 22 minutes of "Walking, 2.0 mph, slow pace" 
