 Have you had the chance yet to check out Circus! Science Under the Big Top?  Today is the last day, don't miss out!
 How is everyone's weekend so far? Stay entertained and stop by our Concierge desk and learn about even more things to do! 
 Start your weekend off by celebrating Smurfs Week! Stop by Regal Cinemas E-Walk 13 and meet the smurfs themselves! 
 Planning any foodie trips? See if your favorite Food Trek makes Grub Street's list of best foodie destinations! 
 Our Gotham Ballroom is the perfect spot to celebrate that special occasion!  We'd love to make your event a memorable one!
 We may not be hidden deep in the countryside, but here at  we have our own kind of serenity.  
  We would love to be of assistance while you plan your trip. When will you be traveling?
  If you are still searching for a hotel in Times Square we would love to be of assistance. Please tweet us with any questions.
 Continue celebrating Smurfs Week and create your very own Smurfs digital animation at Sony Wonder Technology Lab! 
 The Lounge at  is shaking up some refreshing cocktails for tonight. Won't you join us? 
 Make this Sunday the highlight of your week! Join us at 8PM for the Museum of Modern Art's annual summer music series. 
 Don't hesitate to ask our Concierge team where to go and what to see! Stop in anytime, they're always ready with ideas! 
 Don't let the whole summer slip away without taking a visit to NYC! You'll love the view from our Corner Room 
  Sounds like you have a few exciting trips coming up. Let us know if we can be of any help in planning your trip to New York.
 In honor of Smurfs week, walk the blue carpet at Build-a-Bear Workshop and make your very own Smurf! 
 How are you celebrating Smurfs Week? Stop by the Museum of Comic and Cartoon Art!   Kids 12 and under get in for free!
 New York Restaurant Week has been extended! Even more time for you to try the delicious menu at  Yum! 
 Give the kids lessons in history, science and more! A day at one of these best museums for kids is great family fun. 
  We look forward to your visit! Please tweet us if we can be of any assistance.
 Sounds delicious! RT  Great list via  12 Tourist Spots in NY That Are Actually Good 
 Congratulations to everyone! RT  Congrats to all of the newlyweds!! Images from yesterday's gay weddings in NY..
  What brings you to New York? September is a great time to visit!
  Our Sky View Corner Rooms provide an amazing view of the city. Let us know if we can be of any assistance! 
 Great photo! RT    awsome NYC lights! 
  Thank you! Happy Friday to you.
 It sure does! RT  Ninth Avenue Festival in  This photo exudes the uniqueness of New York:  
 RT   Congrats to all the happy couples!
 A record-breaking 823 couples will say “I do” this Sunday at City Hall. We're proud to offer 2 new packages to celebrate! 
  Thanks!
  Thank you for the kind words. It's our pleasure.
 RT  Thoughtful little touches of surprise and delight - see this post from a guest at  
  Thank you! We wish you were here, too!
 Enjoy great films under the stars every Monday this summer at the Bryant Park Film Festival!  
 Thanks! RT  Staying at the Intercontinental Times Square beds are like cloud puffs so comfy, great location.  
  Safe travels, let us know if we can do anything before your departure.
 We love the photo! RT  I love new york   Times Square 
  Trish, if you are still searching for a hotel in NYC we would love to be of assistance. Please tweet us if you have any questions.
 Exciting! RT  Breaking: Shake Shack's Next Stop May Be Grand Central  via 
 Last week we celebrated the hotel's 1st anniversary at  We invite you to browse photos from the party. 
  Safe travels! We hope you have a great weekend in Manhattan.
  Let us know if we can be of any assistance in your search, we know it can be a tough decision. 
 We hear  has a free concert this Friday for the  Concert Series! Are you heading over to see him? 
  We would love to assist in making your birthday a special one! You can view our Special Offers here: 
  We'd love to assist in planning your trip to NYC! Tweet us if we can help.
  That's the spirit! There is nothing like a weekend in Times Square! Please tweet us if we can assist in planning your trip.
  How exciting! What are you interested in doing while here?
  A New York birthday does sound like fun! When would you be traveling?
  Great idea! Is there anything special you want to do while you are here?
 Fun! RT  BREAKING: The  theme is FESTIVALS/FAIRS. I'll even include carnivals! Please RT & spread the word!
  How exciting! What do you plan on doing while you are here?
 Great tip! RT  Tonight: free outdoor music at the Washington Square Music Festival. 
 With slushies!  RT  Good morning,  Already 82 degrees & humid. How are you staying cool?
  Thanks! Happy  to you!
 There isn't much time left to enter the  sweepstakes! You could win dinner & tickets to a Broadway show! 
  Very exciting! Let us know if we can be of assistance as you plan your trip.
 Sounds great! RT  The 5 Best Free Summer Events In New York City For Families « CBS New York 
  Welcome! Please tweet us if we can be of any assistance while you're here.
  Thanks!
 Make this Sunday the highlight of your week! The  annual summer music series is back. 
  Beautfiul  Thanks for sharing.
 RT  My first  Proof that summer can be beautiful and serene, even in the middle of  
 Very nice! RT  Summer: Day at the park :)   
  Thanks! We hope you can join us soon to see it.
  We've been celebrating  at  If you're looking for a good meal, we highly recommend it! 
 There is nothing like clear skies at the top of  on a summer night. Don't you agree?  
 Did you catch that Flash Mob in  Here's a video in case you missed it! 
  We are glad you enjoyed yourself!
  What a great photo! Times Square is so beautiful at night.
  It sure is beautiful. What a great day for a morning workout!
  It sure is! But considering we are over 300 feet tall, we need a big cake!
  We're so glad you enjoyed it!
  Isn't this weather great? We hope you're able to get outdoors and enjoy it!
  Safe travels! What brings you to New York?
 Happy  We hope to see you at  for 20% off any bottle of French wine this evening to celebrate! 
 Looking forward to tomorrow! RT  1 day from  SUMMER theme. To get the fun going share your fave summer destination!
  Thank you for the kind words!
 That's quite a cake! RT  Cake cutting  Anniversary by   
 Thank you! RT  A happy 1 yr anniversary to the  at  Delicious Dishes in 
 RT   1st Anniversary party is fabulous  & amazing food by  
 Thank you for the wishes! RT  Happy 1st Anniversary to  
 Gotham Ballroom is the perfect spot for your special occasion!  We'd love to make your celebration a memorable one!
  We'd love to assist in planning your visit to New York. Tweet us if we can help! 
  It sure was a hot one yesterday! Sounds like you hit a lot of important places though. We hope you enjoyed your day!
 Thank you! RT  Happy belated to 
 Our corner sky view rooms feature dramatic views of the city, Times Square, and the Hudson River 
  Thank you for the birthday wishes!
 We know you have a busy schedule. Feel free to use our fitness center when it's convenient for you!  Open 24 hours a day!
 Thanks so much! RT   Saw it is your birthday today!! Happy 1st Birthday :)
 Thank you! We wish for many more great years in NYC. RT  Happy First Birthday to  What is your birthday wish? 
  We miss you!
  Thank you for sharing!
 RT  Happy 1st Birthday to  Pic of my awesome suite from a stay in Feb 2011. 
 Nice picture! RT     Intercontinental New York Times Square 
 RT   A very happy 1st birthday and sorry I couldn't make it there to celebrate and taste the cake! 
  Thanks! You will be missed!
 Thank you for the kind words! RT   Congratulations on your 1st Year!  You have an amazing hotel!
  Thank you!
 Today is our 1st Birthday and we wanted to thank all of our guests & staff for making this past year so memorable! 
  We hope you have a great day! Which sightseeing spots will you be visiting today?
 We love it too! RT  Love this video! Say hello to Jeff and his buddy - two of our doormen at  
 Our doormen are always waiting to greet you as you pass by! They also have plenty of great recommendations for you. 
  has officially begun! We hope you join us at  for an inventive three-course menu. 
  How often are you able to make it out to New York, Alex? We'd love to have you stay with us! Tweet us if we can be of assistance.
  Thanks for sharing! We really enjoyed tweeting with 
  What brings you to New York? We'd love to assist in planning your visit! 
 Are you aware that all guestrooms have a workstation, wireless internet options, and technological amenities? 
  We've just sent you a direct message to clarify the charge. Let us know if you have any other questions!
  We're glad you like them! Please tweet us if we can be of any assistance during your stay.
 RT  Staying at the Intercontinental Times Square beds are like cloud puffs so comfy, great location.  
 We'd love to make your stay a memorable one! Have you seen our Manhattan Suite?  What a view!
 Hope everyone's enjoying their weekend! Stop by  for some coffee this morning! 
 Hope everyone's having a fun weekend so far! We'd love to hear about it over dinner at  
  Hi Hanna, we are taking a look into it. Can you please DM us your last name, email & phone so that we may follow up?Thanks
 Check out our Business Sense deal  We know you can't resist our meeting facilities! 
 Have you seen our Penthouse?  Can't beat that view! Book your stay today!
 Happy Friday everyone! Looking for plans this weekend? Stop by our Concierge desk!  Our team has plenty of suggestions!
 Make a splash in the Big Apple with a kayak trip down the Hudson River! 
 Enjoy this photo of a "bird's" eye view of the beautiful city from the top of our hotel.  
    We're happy to hear you like it! We'll be sure to pass your compliments along to "the voice."
 RT   your elevator voice for "Lobby" is very saucy.  guests are lovin' it. thank you...
  We're so happy to hear that. It's our pleasure!
 It's almost the weekend! Our Concierge team can help you plan tons of things to do and see!  We'd love to help!
  Thanks! We love tweeting with our guests. We hope you join us in New York soon!
    As long as there are tweets in the taxi, we can fit!
  We're always watching... the tweets, that is!
  Glad to hear it!
  We hope you're enjoying yourself! Please tweet us if you need anything.
 Great photo! Thanks for sharing. RT  The lovely lobby     
 Summer is flying by! Treat yourself to a weekend getaway with our Leisure Escape deal! 
 You can't beat that view! Our corner sky view rooms feature dramatic views of the city, Times Square, & the Hudson River. 
  Welcome! We hope you enjoy your stay. Please tweet us if we can be of any assistance.
  Thanks for the kind words! We hope to see you again soon.
 Looking to explore the beauty of Central Park at your own pace? Try one of the self-guided walking tours! 
 RT  Free in NYC tonight: See "The Social Network" at Hudson River Park's new Pier 63 Lawn. 8:30pm screening. 
  We look forward to having you stay with us! Please tweet us if we can be of any assistance before you arrive.
 RT  Staying at the hotel where Glee stayed for there Glee Season 2 Season Ending: New York....staying at 
  Sounds like a great way to spend your last day in NYC!
  may be stuck in reruns, but you can relive the trip to Nationals yourself! Get the details on our Gleekend Package. 
 RT  Have you entered to win dinner and tickets to a Broadway show? Don't miss your chance! 
  We're happy to hear you're enjoying yourself!
 Love the photo! Thanks for sharing. RT  New York city   Intercontinental New York Times Square 
 RT  Just checked in  , such an awesome hotel! Everyone on the  is in for a treat! 
  Welcome! Please tweet us if we can be of assistance while you're here. We hope you enjoy your stay!
  What brings you to New York? We'd love to assist in planning! 
 Creative! RT  BREAKING: This week's  theme is ANIMALS (open to interpretation). Spread the word & please RT!
 You'll leave New York feeling like a real New Yorker after you talk to our Concierge Team about the best places to see! 
 Sounds like fun! RT  New York Classical Theater presents Shakespeare on a Boat - 
  Thank you! Happy 
  Thanks!
 New York's finest twinkle toes are tapping their way into Tap City 2011. Brush up on this catchy dance style this week! 
 RT  View from my  window... Impressive huh? 
 Happy 4th of July! Celebrate Independence Day at  Fireworks. It's America's biggest birthday bash! 
  It sure is. We are looking forward to having you stay with us!
 We're just steps away from Fifth Avenue, Central Park, Broadway Theaters and Restaurant Row. What more could you need? 
 In the mood for some fireworks tomorrow? Get the details about  4th of July bash! 
 The bright lights of Broadway are calling! You could win 2 tickets to a Broadway show plus dinner from  
 Take a tour of Times Square & its many surrounding theaters. These insider’s tips give you a show-stopping experience! 
 We hope everyone has a great holiday weekend! Safe travels to those of you headed somewhere!
  We look forward to having you here! Our Concierge Team has lots of tips about the best sights and activities: 
  Glad to hear you're coming to the Big Apple. Let us know if we can be of any assistance in planning your trip!
 Did you know that Times Square used to be called Longacre Square? It was given it's current name in 1904.  
 Play ball, New York! The  and the  are going head to head this weekend. Who's side are you on? 
  Thanks!
 Love the photo!  RT  Cool Cosmo in nyc  
 We really enjoyed this photo snapped by one of our Facebook fans. The view from the Penthouse Suite! 
    Sounds like a great way to spend the day! 
  Happy Social Media Day! How are you celebrating today?
 Now through September 30, earn 10,000 bonus Priority Club® points for every two-consecutive-night stay! 
 Today is Social Media Day! Check-in on  at Ça Va Marché to get a free pastry with your coffee!  
 RT  Check-in on  at Ça Va Marché to get a FREE pastry with your coffee purchase!  
  We hope you enjoy your stay in New York! Tweet us if we can be of any assistance.
 Great photo! RT  Having a Manhattan in Manhattan   
  We're so glad to hear that! Please let us know if we can be of any assistance while you are planning.
 Sounds like fun! RT  Off to Coney Island for some minor league baseball. Let's go Cyclones!
 Give our 24-hour Fitness Center a try while you're here. It features state-of-the-art cardio equipment. 
 RT  Enter to win dinner for two and tickets to a Broadway show! It's a show-stopping New York experience. 
  Our pleasure! We always look forward to 
  we'd love to have you for dinner one night at   Hope you're feeling better!
  We've checked into your reservation, and you're all set! We look forward to your arrival.
  How fun! What have you missed the most?
 We're intrigued! Looking forward to everyone's photos. RT  This week's  theme is HISTORY.
  Sounds like a great idea! Any sights in particular you have in mind?
  How fun! Any big plans?
  How fun! What's bringing you to New York?
  wonderful! We'd love to help make your trip a memorable one! 
  how exciting! Let us know if we can help! 
 Happy  Is anyone heading to NYC for the upcoming holiday weekend?
 Celebrate Service! Last week was dedicated to our 330,000 colleagues who work in our hotels and corporate offices. 
 Thank you! RT  If you followed my tweets this week this should come as no surprise. Just added  
 The Lounge at  is always a cozy experience. 
  Sounds great! We're in the heart of New York's Theatre District and love all things theatre.
  Exciting! New York is fabulous over the holidays. Let us know if we can be of any assistance as you plan your trip.
  What brings you to New York in August? We'd love to assist in your planning! 
 We hope everyone's Monday is off to a great start! Looks like it's going to be a beautiful day in New York.
  We hope to see you again soon!
  Welcome! Tweet us if we can be of any assistance while you're here!
 We look forward to having you here! RT  Just booked 2 nights  next month - can't wait!!!  
  Welcome! We are excited to have you with us. Tweet us if we can be of any assistance!
 RT  Join us for the perfect New York evening - dinner and a show! Enter for your chance to win. 
  Thanks!
