 Maggie sees a bird.  
 RT  Happy 500th birthday, Giorgio Vasari! Art history wouldn't be the same without you.   ...
 RT  Libraries are important.  Pass it on:  
  ...brown paper packages tied-up with string...
 Maggie notices a bird.  
 New post up on YDA: 
  Check out my friend's beautiful graphite artwork! Such amazing detail.
 RT  Mark Rothko (1903-1970) - Entrance to Subway (Subway Station / Subway Scene), 1938  
 RT  “  Picasso or Monet ?”
 RT  Stage 1 is the cure!   
  You're welcome. Any open flames and I would have been toast (literally). 
 RT  Warms my heart – iconic designer Eva Zeisel, 105 years young, releases new collection of Leucos  (via ...
 "Brick by Chance and Fortune" a documentary via  <St.Louis is losing old buildings because bricks are being stolen for resale.
 RT  Venice Grand Canal -     
 RT  Just discovered site dedicated to women artists throughout history! Excited to explore this site in depth  ...
 RT  Orchestrated Version of the Nyan Cat Song  by 
  We went with the $7.99 streaming. I think they have a PR nightmare on their hands.
 Realized that I don't care if these people buy a house in Nicaragua or not. 
 RT  Cleveland Museum of Art Acquires Painting by Alice Neel at Sotheby's Auction   
 RT  Paul Klee - Cat And Bird   <got to love Klee as in clay.
 RT  It only took two hours and lots of research but here's my   themed  entry: http ...
  Good. Have a great trip and see you soon.
  Mail and/or newspapers?
  thanks for the 
  I am having a hard time seeing the point of it - goggle+ this is. Seems like having to do Facebook twice.
 opinion. Best, Martha
  I respectfully disagree. You put something out in the world you have to be able to take the negative with the positive.
 RT  wow, these trees coated in spider's webs in Pakistan are amazing  via  < cool but also scary
 RT  Microscopic Study of the Ghent Altarpiece: A new website allows microscopic study of Jan van Eyck’s Ghent Altarp... http ...
 RT  Jamie Wyeth - "Portrait of Pig", 1970   < a favorite.
  What do u think is the best book on the history of comics?
 RT  Art: For Florence, Vasari Was a Man of All Talents 
 RT  Takashi Murakami thinks his art is overpriced 
 RT  William Hogarth - "Marriage à-la-mode : The Marriage Contract"  
 RT  Three Pipe Problem: Authorship and the dangers of consensus 
 Cathedral with Star Destroyers  via 
 Come for an early dinner  and my random nametag is "tweet," so I am.
 RT  Albrecht Dürer (1471-1528) was the most important artist of the Northern Renaissance  
 RT  New post! Some thoughts on Bosch's strawberries in the "Garden of Earthly Delights" altarpiece:  ...
 RT  WOW. Gorgeous shot of the Atlantis launch today:  (via  & 
 Today's Pictures: Women Artists -   via 
 RT  RIP cy twombly 
 RT  At  Kid from a tour group: "Yo check out this pipe! Aw man, it says this is not a pipe. That just ruined my who ...
 RT  Rare early photos of Warhol - 
 Another 20x200 Edition | sweet juniper! 
 RT  Tate Britain Shows Major William Hogarth Exhibition  
 Happy 4th of July! 
 RT  Henri Matisse - "The Horse, the Horsewoman, and the Clown from Jazz", 1943    
 RT  Test your sills with 800 years of Art History, take the art history quizz here:  
 Miss Violette Heymann by Odilon Redon, CMA 
 RT  "Every block of stone has a statue inside it and it is the task of the sculptor to discover it." Michelangelo Buonarroti
 RT  Piazza San Marco   <Beautiful photo of a beautiful place - having a great time, I'm sure.
  Congrats on the photo of your work in the WSJ!
 Thank you, love your site. I'll link to it on my blog, Your Daily Art.
 RT  This is why I love my Fairy Thistledown comforter! The Fairy Feller’s Master-Stroke by Richard Dadd:  ...
 RT  From the BibliOdyssey archives: Original Winnie The Pooh Drawings 
 RT  Romare Bearden, Cattle of the Sun God, 1977  
 RT  The three hares in  ’s Dürer’s Holy Family with Three Hares are both symbolic and sweet: 
  I have a museum for your to add to the list. The Museum of Divine Statues in Lakewood, OH. 
 RT  This lovingly wrought study, Sunset Sky  by John Frederick Kensett, was never developed into a finis ...
  that person should fit right in.
 RT  Nice, levelheaded post by  on the Fake or Fortune "Monet":  
 MISFITS & HEROES by Kathleen Flanagan Rollins | Kirkus Book Reviews  < Perfect for those who enjoy an epic adventure.
 RT  And here is a Lalique pendant from our collection (artwork of the day)  <Beautiful!
   Have a great time in London - girls united! Love, Jerry & Martha
 RT  Antoni Gaudi - Birthday - June 25, 1852 - June 7, 1926 | Daily Art Fixx 
 RT  An Inside look at the guards of the Metropolitan Museum of Art     ...
 RT  BBC News - Video camera reveals secrets of ancient Maya tomb - 
 RT  The Zee Stone Gallery Shows Le Thong's Beautiful Women Oil Paintings  
 RT  Paul Gauguin - "Sister of Charity", 1902 
 yfrog Photo :  Shared by  via 
 RT  This Father's Day, let's all stop being friends with that one guy who adds "...that I KNOW OF!" after he tells you ho ...
 RT  Jacques-Louis David - "Oath of the Horatii"   
 RT  : Help transform the Detroit-Superior Bridge! 
 RT  17 World Famous Museums Are Participating in Google's New Art Project    
 RT  Off to Basel in the morning...can't WAIT to see Richard Serra X Brancusi show at the Beyeler  it ...
 RT  Nice technical piece from the NGL on the restoration of van Eyck's portrait of his wife 
 RT  Timelines: Sources from History (British Library)  | it's a rich production; ?too many bells & whi ...
 RT  Modern art is more popular than any other kind of art:  WHICH we already knew. 
 RT  The Cultural Calculation: Museum Fees 
  Had a great time at the sale (in spite of the heat). I got the field tile I needed for my vestibule. Thanks for having it.
 RT  We need infrastructure - desperately, we have been ignoring it for too long!
  Can't wait for the sale tomorrow - I am coming up from Cleveland.
  what is up with 
 Print Club of Cleveland now has a Facebook page it is the best location to keep up w/ Fine Print Fair info: 
 Cleveland Museum of Art exhibits four Jacob van Ruisdael landscapes together for the 1st time in years| cleveland.com 
 RT  20 amazing artist inspired tattoos. 
 RT  "  Watching Aboriginal  being made beside  :) 
 RT  BLOG POST: Falconry  (beautiful mid-19th c. lithos of raptors/hoods)
 RT  John Singer Sargent Virtual Gallery 
 RT  Happy birthday to acclaimed painter and printmaker Mary Cassatt! Learn more about this remarkable artist:  ...
 RT  New post: From Pompeii to Cyberpsace - Transcending barriers with Twitter 
 RT  What do people want from Museums on Twitter?  
 RT  RT  These rare color  of the Great Depression blew me away. Like an old photo album coming to lif ...
  I think others were feeling your pain. Don't worry about it too much.
  Definitely don't be mortified it just reflects your fame outside the realm of 
 Giving the final for my class The Art of the Comic which looks at the influence of comics and cartoons on fine art.
 New post on YDA: 
 Edmund Dulac, Princess Badoura, 1913  Photo stream with wonderful reproductions of art and advertising.
 Biography of Austin Osman Spare, occultist and artist: 
 Art Can Provoke Same Brain Response as Being in Love (via  
 You are welcome.
  
 RT  Did you know that Hitler created a Modern Art exhibition "Degenerate Art" that toured 11 cities? see pics   ...
  Pedialyte Frozen Pops for when the chemo bothers her. Set-up Netflix delivery for her. My best wishes to you all.
 RT  Somehow these old dog photos are very touching 
 New post on YDA: 
 RT  Garbo bought herself a ring w/ 10-carat diamond at VC&A in NYC. Talk about an impulse buy!  
 RT  RT  Please read and use the Top Ten Tips to Sell your Art: 
 RT  For new follower  a day dreaming scene to welcome you: "A day at the seaside" 
 RT  Little shit doesn't want to be a lifeguard this summer: 
 RT  Simon Doonan on SLATE.com: Kate's Dress! That Queen! Those H...  via 
 RT  Royal weddings pretty tame now.. the 1589 Medici wedding had a mock sea battle in the courtyard of the Palazzo Pitti http: ...
 RT  Heh. Modernising medieval manuscripts: Exposicion de Nimo 
 I remember when I was a tutor for college athletes - the day after the draft, big new cars for everyone!
 RT  Our marathon concert raised $88K for  recovery in   Thanks to everyone who came out and tuned in!
 New iPhone what are the best art apps?
 RT  OMG! So excited to see 3PP turn up on first page of google search for 'art history blog' along with    ...
 RT  Happy Birthday J.M.W. Turner, born Apr. 23, 1775! Find his and more artist's birthdays:
 RT  Inside Manchester Cathedral.  
  It's cute! How about white jeans?
 RT  Happy Birthday Elizabeth Catlett, who turns 96 years old tomorrow, April 15 
 RT  MAN: The FY2011 federal budget deal announced on Friday includes these cuts to federal arts spending: 
 Check out this site:  - a working artist.
 RT  Hummingbird 1830  
 RT   saved my life by finding pre-cancerous cells, while uninsured.  
 RT  LumaSmart Sheds Light on Earth-Friendly Technology 
 RT  The Window, by Henri Matisse, was the first Matisse to enter a US museum! 
 RT  El Greco, 'The Greek', known for his intense, colourful Mannerist style, died on this date in 1614. See his paintin ...
  Stay off Shoreway westbound it is backed up!
 RT  Happy birthday to Raphael, born 6 April 1483! See his development under the influence of the High Renaissance maste ...
 RT  Finally, check out what an amazing photographer Stanley Kubrick was in 1949.  Holy crimoli. 
 RT  Great Website - Rijksmuseum Amsterdam - National Museum for Art and History 
 How Ayn Rand ruined my childhood  - A father's devotion to Ayn Rand philosophy, ruined his relationship with his family.
  Good luck!
 RT  Skeptical about this "first ever portrait of Jesus" business:    
 RT  Photo: lostinhistory: 
 RT  By the 1930s Sonia had trademarked her textile designs under 'Tissus Delaunay.'  
 RT  Palace of Fine Arts 
 RT  Health-related Japanese woodblock print collectin at UCSF  v/   | can't believe I'd not s ...
 The Barnes Foundation and the Death of Fun | The Awl 
 RT  RT  We r so excited 2 check out the "Infinite Variety" exhibition by  Quilt heaven! http:/ ...
   I can't believe I didn't get enough tiger milk the first time! 
 RT  A Closer Look: J.M.W. Turner's "Modern Rome" at the Getty Center  
 RT  Understanding Illuminated Manuscripts: A Guide to Technical Terms  (British Library MSS glossary)
 RT  Great summary by  of evidence regarding Hungarian work allegedly by the Scuola of Filippo Lippi/Botticelli ht ...
  Chicken Paprikash - never had it until I moved here (obvs I'm not Hungarian).
 The Triangle Shirtwaist Fire, 100 Years Later (via    - in light of the recent Labor Union backlash.
  BTW looking forward to the Mackinac Island show. A fort & 200 year old bldgs - how can it not be haunted!
  Weather effects reception - rain,snow,thunder storms. Now we have Uverse, not perfect but fewer reception problems.
 RT  Great article summarizing history of Isenheim Altarpiece. That work has flirted with danger many times! . ...
  Next week's investigation on Mackinac Island, MI - totally haunted!
 RT  Discover Edward S. Curtis, known for documenting the history, spirituality, culture of Native American tribal groups 
 RT  What is your review of the 'Picasso to Julie Mehretu' exhibition in Room 90?  gives it 4 stars! http:// ...
 RT  Cacoffeeny - the sound of everyone talking at once in a coffee shop.
 RT  RT  top 10 rudest museum exhibits 
 Speaking of  my tree and my husband's trees crossed - like I expected they would, but not through the lines I thought they would.
  I use those databases regularly and really appreciate them. 
 RT  Database for over 2000 cemeteries in NS for which tombstone data has been transcribed/filed  the  . ...
  Looks like the sharing of artwork btwn Russia and US is in jeopardy. It's a shame, considering the advantages for both.
 RT  Diplomacy and art collide at the Museum! For now, the loaned icons are still on view, and beautiful.   ...
 RT   
 RT  Ive officially made Jan van Eyck the second person I would visit were I to happen across a time machine.Emily Dickins ...
 The unofficial results of my West Cleveland cupcake sampling: the winner is, Great Scott's on Wooster in Rocky River. They are delish.
 RT  Art history resources on the web.
 RT  I wish my Art History class was all day long. Everyday. 
 RT  A positive take on History of Art kinda blog...  ...
 RT  Meet the William G. Allman, White House Chief Curator.... 
 RT  Say what!?  Surprised  Museum Finds Lost Anthony Van Dyck Madonna and Child in Its Basement:  
 RT  RT  Why do Art Historians choose the topics they do? What's the point? My writing over  
 Japan Society, New York - Earthquake  via  - Please consider a donation.
 You can make a relief donation for Japan via  website - please consider it.
 Just made a donation for relief to Japan through  society website: 
 RT  Lovely Giorgionesque work in little known 'Room A' at National Gallery in London. Story via The Art Tribune . ...
  talks about Warhol: 
 RT  Gauguin as printmaker: The Volpini Suite. Excellent post. 
 RT  Exhibition: Marcel Breuer and Postwar America  
 Midterm for Art of the Comic  they better have read you book Understanding Comics carefully.
 Check out the Art History Blog Carnival hosted by  
 New post on YDA:    - you're featured!
  I saw who you are looking for last Sunday on the tee vee and thankfully, he found his family.
 RT  Great vid exploring a Vermeer masterpiece  via 
 RT  Julia Margaret Cameron - pioneer of art photography - image of Agnes Weld from 1864  
 RT  Started with a blue Monday image today, thought I'd end with a blue Monday image too  Burne-Jones  ...
 RT        cheers for super blog carnival entries! h ...
 RT    Greek archaeologists find long-lost marble friezes in the walls of the Acropolis -  ...
  is now on Twitter - maybe we can get the rest of the Print Club to tweet! Welcome!
  Unfortunately, it is a thing of the past as the airlines contemplate even smaller seats.
 RT  Podcast of Jessica Beck's talk on Andy Warhol's "Marilyn Monroe's Lips." 
 New post up on YDA about portraitist John White Alexander: 
 RT  The term Arts & Crafts implied different things in the late 19th century than it does today, find out more next Thu ...
 RT  Robert Henri's beautiful 1904 portrait of a "Young Woman in White" is a recent addition to the WB American galleries: http:// ...
  You looked great on  The suit is gorgeous.
 RT  About Michelangelo and those bathhouses 
 Yay Mitzie!  
 Cast my  vote for best restaurant 2011 for 
 That's him, the one with the grandma. Josh.
  Is that the one that always looks like he is exhausted and/or strung-out?
 New trompe l'oeil post up on YDA 
