 I miss all my girls
  I miss you too you better come see me soon I ain't playing
  Lol nowhere
 I just dyed my hair.
 I'm pissed off!
 I didnt know eve show still came on.
 Happy birthday 
 Wendy Williams dumb
 Bitches so going!
 They need to get they ass in the damn hze.
 RT  Fuck Pandora got commercials for !!
 I said I would look up some brandy songs
 5 more!
 Oh that's who that is lol hell no
 Who is this guy..let me find out
 Time went by fast today!
 Lol she know she need to stop
 What's wrong with that girl
 RT  I don't care if you're short, tall, fat, skinny, rich, poor, straight, gay, lesbian, blk or white If u r nice to me t ...
 Wonder what he gone do
 RT  We need oscars cause these niggas actresses!!
 This light bright as hell!
 Everybdy be like that's nun new.
 My head hurt so bad
 That damn game need to blow up!
 This mane need to text me back..playing the game and shit.
 S/o to my new followers
 Headache
 Bullshit I'm never gonna talk to him after this.
 Jenn hasn't really been on this episode
 Wtf is wrong with Royce hair!
 Meeka need to get out the circle because she still trying to make friends..its not working!
 What she has on is cute.
 Evelyn has some pretty hair!
 Royce bf was cute!
 Royce boyfriend seems nice like he really likes her
 
 I was doing my nails for about 2 hours..
 She got a son mm..RT  I just found out why Royce from  don't have her son on the show.
 I always thought he was dumb af
 He always tells me when he's not going to work!
 I need to go to the mall!
 My room would be dark if I closed my curtains.
 I want my hair done!
 Tattoo's on the wrist are cute but I'll never get one.
  '03 bonnie and clyde
 Silly bitch in love.
 I need to lose my stomach its big as hell ugh!
 Songs back in the day was funny.
 You be like et you come home!
 This song funny af
 Yall remember ice cream paint job Lmao..
  tweet-oops (oh my)
 Birds ugly!
 Wayne a damn fool!
 I'm the type of girl you wanna take to ya mama hze.
 My mama fake!
   TYPE OF GIRL
 Why when I was trying to talk to her she had nun to say!
 Just call me up whenever you need me.
 RT  Ok the storm ova yall can quit cryin
 The business was the song lol..
 It's like you caught up in a maze.
 Hell nall what this hoe got on!
 I never have convo's on here lol.
 Everybdy hate Miami because of lebron he gotta get off my team lol.
 Can we go to Target now!
 Slow grind lmao
 RT  Sometimes parents can be so ungrateful and selfish
 Random: what if me and all my old friends from middle school hang out.that would be some!
 It seems as if I don't care about anything now..
 Ugh this song is boring!
 If you was my baby!
 RT  accepting random people on facebook. 
 RT  Wakinq me up out my sleep 
 I feel better than yesterday
 Pandora time!
 RT  3 Things that I learned in school : Text without looking, Sleeping without getting caught, Teamwork on tests.
 I need new hair products..
 People will never understand me and that's fine!
 I never tell people my business because its mine.
 That's crazy RT  Lol its raining on one side of my house
 Some people should just mind their own business
 I wonder why the people next door all in my business.
 I'm hot!
  everybody hates Chris
 I need some company I'm bored as ever.
 Today is gonna be boring!
 RT  Plz dnt cum to me with the bullshit today! B/c u knw wht?....IM NOT HAVIN IT
 I follow what you say and you ain't gotta Twitter shit!
 RT  When ppl shut their ear.  Shut ur mouth.   Go where they're lovin ya
 Not putting up with bullshit today!
 Shut up already
 I still can hear these fools talk
 And clean up my room
 About to listen to Pandora.
 Keep your circle small!
 William getting over on those people on girlfriends
 I need some more dresses.
 I want to wear a bun today.
 How you gone go to church and talk bad about the people when you get home smh.
 They are so annoying
 These folks too loud and they door closed.
 Guess I'll clean up!
 Good afternoon
 my job is done bye
 RT  Twitter/Facebook is the leading cause to cell phone battery deaths.
 RT  Dear Bruno Mars, dont die for that bitch, obviously if someones throwing grenades at her she's involved in some illeg ...
 I love Trina lol
 i want to take a shot!
 these basketball wives always have on dresses
 Now i'm mad!
 This jasmine sullivan song i need you bad reminds me of the worst summer ever
  lol ikr, it's a shame how i know the date but don't fuck with him at all
 usher fine af old ass
  i know my followers dont lol
 I am not a people person
 Nobody know's when father's day is lol
 RT  if you dont have a twitter then... 
  cause we don't like eachother well i don't like her she's annoying!
 im ready to move out
 lil kim nasty
  i think we would be fighting lol she'll been had put my ass out
 Gucci Mane ugly af
 somebody need to call me back
 folks don't know how to text back
 She never say nun to me
 In this song trina sound bored
 I need my nails done
 This music on pandora bores me
 i'm trying to get to 7,000
 I'm hot in this room
 Get me the fuck up out this house
 I like leopard print its all cute
 did he really just say that
 ugh
 lol whs
 He probably don't know what the hell he be doing
 I wonder is anybdy laptop missing the letters..i'll be mad af
 It looked like it was about to storm
 Idk why he acting like a df
 Her hat big as hell i swear
 my head hurt
 That movie is boring
 Say my name say my name
 trey songz getting back fine
 ugh I don't want to be up all night/morning
 That's a lie because i took a nap today
 I think ima go to sleep early
 He might be my lover
 these folks trying to act so holy smh they only been to church 2 times
 ugh
 she just pissed me off
 I remember i use to watch south park!
 that fool was twerking this morning i was like bay sit down that shit was funny af he dumb
 omg that fool was dancing this morning it was so funny
 <3
 This hoe gone get his feelings hurt
 Me: what guy don't want a cell phone.. Him: what nigga don't want two cell phones! lmao
 why do people say it's plenty of fish in the sea..that line been used so much
 really really nall foreal real..lmao
 matter a fact ya friend look better so bye
 Men be falling like the rain so we aint running out
 baby baby baby baby babyyy..ashanti was a damn fool
 yes 
 He's like the lighter to my cigarette watch me smoke (ashanti voice)
 lol omg!
 Ion remember feeling like this!
 If he ain't making me mad ugh
 This nigga better text me back hell
 aw shit this my song lol
 I want some new glasses lol
 I can't believe my little cousin said my name she is 1..it was so funny to her lol
 I need to change my background its not fun lol
 okay this song can go off now!
 What you gone do when she wants you back? (mya voice)
 RT  
 It's about to be 11
 I better get my sandals tomorrow!
 I feel like listening to some Beyonce'
 I'm bored
 RT   if you read this trend as you dumb a shell
 RT   if you fighting over 1 dude when there are over 79862896286229929 in this world
 RT   if you still on myspace.
 RT   if you 40 and still got braids
 RT  if you get a tattoo of your boyfriend/girlfriend's name, then end up breaking up a while after. 
 RT   if you get pregnant so you can keep your man
 My phone doesn't show my followers ugh
  no I haven't been drinking!
 Im getting mad!
 Lord my head hurt ugh.
 Compared to yesterday
 I swear today is so boring.
 Why do I feel so sick!
 I'm bored.
 My head is starting to hurt!
 I want me some damn sandals.
  I know girl! I miss you too!
