  I been hearing rumors then I seen it on bloomberg tv. Not a fact till the conference in sept
  iPhone 5 in Oct
 iPhone 5 in Oct, that's my birthday month, just sayin.
  good didn't do much but watch old movies, the usual. You ever get to emerald pointe?
  good morning homie how was your weekend
 guess I'm getting in the bed now
 hell I'll watch 2 hours of her do anything.
 Columbiana 2 hours of Zoey Saldana running around in nothing shooting stuff, count me in.
  Love you too sis
  i think so
  well keep me posted, you know I'll be there
  whats the bday plans this year ma'am!
  well no need to frown, just smile! it'll be ok
  why? SMILE!!
 to bad you a minority with that RT  I rather be single then committing to a nigha & it's clear to see I'm getting played
 I like this instagram app
 forgot Leverage come on tonight
 Who got the hook up on panthers tickets tho?
 The Wire still greatest show ever
 I keep hearing trueblood is good, but I'm already seasons behind so I'll catch the next HBO series
  knew it was a catch smh
  thought they said it was free on the commercial?
 RT  Durham Public Schools increase graduation rates  
  yeah he is.
  yep yep he got his daddy head lol
 My nephew  
 Killing this food.  
  lol if I leave anything. I'm starving.
 Going to have Sunday dinner with the fam.
 Lmao damn RT  I'd probably join a gang before a frat. But that's just me.
  yep its funny as hell too. reruns on all the time
  yeah that's the original show about nothing, lol you gotta get familiar with that show
 Time for food. not sure from where tho
 in fact if throwing parties is your main source of income after lets say 25, then you have failed at life.
 hope you party promoters thinking bout down the line, cause throwing parties at 40 ain't a life choice you want.
  yeah like the black version of seinfeld lol
  lol dang you wanna kick me before you throw me under the bus lol
 me and  going to start  a show about nothing. both of us mastered it lol
  my bad lol
  you right *passes you the mic* rant on than homie
  I'm bored as hell too
 lmfao  choya
  you ain't gotta be airing the nigga all out like that lol
 RT  *screams & pulls out tracks in frustration* <- wooo sah wooo sah
 RT  I'll just blame that lame dude <- easy now lol
  yep think positive! :-)
 I don't feel like driving, who wanna bring me something to eat.
  maybe that'll be the fairy tale moment
  think bout it like this no matter how bad it is you only have to get 1 relationship right and thatll be who you marry
  they make it look sooo easy, found out the hard way it won't
  damn sounds painful
 getting some tips from goldie,  the Mack
  what?
  no problem sis
  download mapquest they got free gps on that app
 I think this youth voting group I'm trying to start got the potential to be big in the city. still working on the layout for it
 the threat of a storm keeping me grounded tonight. guess I'll catch up on some Richard Pryor stand up
  guess i should explain, that giving up the ass comes with that too, these good seats lol
 got tickets to adele, who trying to roll
 Movie night
 RT  RT  Outkast...greatest group ever
 guess I'm on instragram now dejuanh
 My peoples  
 ppl sleep on in my lifetime, vol. 1, but that was 3 tracks away from being classic
  dynasty if you consider that his album, either that or kingdom come
 Hell yeah RT  Panthers need to pick up Derrick Mason
 This movie funny as hell.
 Hahaha RT  RT  ESPN NCAAB Duke looks into possible NCAA violation 
  yeah man, I'm ashamed lol
 Bout to watch pulp fiction for the first time.
  Never Felt This Way ♪ Brian McKnight.
  Return Of The "G" ♪ Outkast
 Wish they had juice on instant watch on Netflix.
 Pei Wei it is.
 RT  RT  Durham hoes got problems. Thats why all yall single, heart broken or depressed and in nightlife every  ...
 Reading all these hot tweets, I ain't trying to go outside.
  hell no lol
 Thinking bout this MS in mathematical finance. Only thing it's at UNCC and my job here
  that shit thick bruh
  good luck with that lol
 late night text huh, ya'll know what that mean lol
  yeah lol
  haha we need to talk then lol
  lol what you doing different, girl i mess with always catch feelings
  don't do it, never works
 RT  RT  Free  Free  Free  Free  Free  and 
 catching up on all that for the week
  yeah depends, I got ones that I wear to work only, and others for dates. then i got spring and fall fragrances too
 "that Jean Paul Gaultier, cologne fill the air, yea." I say that every time i put it on lol
  nah got bout 4 more, lol showing my versatility lol
 I need a new fall fragrance.
 Always taking suggestion from the ladies, what fragrances do y'all like on dudes?
 Mont blanc, reaction, enternity, bvlgari gaultier, truefit & hill, d&g light blue RT  What kind of cologne do yall niggas use?
 Lot of fashion on my TL tonight. Remember fellas how you smell is just as important as how you look.
 No point in having braids in 2011. Just seen a crew of Dudes walking with braids. Keyword walking.
 It is RT  Hall Pass is funny as hell!!!! Ahahahahaha
 RT  Hall Pass is funny as hell!!!! Ahahahahaha
 RT  Closer to my dreams
  lmao
  haha sound like my experience.
  haha I knew that girl looked familiar! Lol
 I kno i cant afford it  lol RT  WHO WEAR DAT PURPLE LABEL THO?? 
 My mom and sister  
 2 of my favorite ladies on earth  
 My baby sister  
  DM
 Charlotte in 2 weeks what up 
 Consequence said Pusha can't compete lyrically?
 RT  RT  PANTHERS...... BIOTCH
 RT  Now if you're the Jets you go to A.Cromartie and say..We was just playing mannnn..we wanted u all along..come on back home
  congrats bruh, ya'll in the super bowl this year
  probably, that'll be a mean secondary with him tho
  yeah ain't no passing on them this year
 dang forgot they got cromartie, Samuels, and nnamdi, smh
  I'm sure Luck rather stay in school even longer than go to the skins.
 yo Superbad still funny as hell, I watched this movie least 100 times
  samuels
 RT  Next weekend gone be crazy <- hell yeah
  that might have clinch a trip to the superbowl
 RT  Nnamdi looks headed to the...Eagles. <- damn
  maybe last year I think.
  yeah I heard he in this movie cedar rapids that's pretty funny.
  I think I'm a rock with that one. That shit classic lol
 Got 3 fantasy team suggestions. "Lucy in the sky with diamonds" "Chris Browns rage" and "The Clay Davis Experience" which one should I pick?
 Neither RT   cheddar biscuits or Olive Garden bread sticks
 Chipotle >
 Smh RT  Not encouraging:  Apple has more cash on hand than the U.S. Treasury.   $AAPL 
  I didn't know, I might go down depends on who driving.
  nah what's happening?
 Baseball was big summer time in the bull RT  Baseball was more exciting when I was growing up...
  what happened to your twitter.
  forgot bout that place
  yo reg, what's the plan for the weekend?
  gotcha
  I'm trying to get tickets to that packers game.
  lol nah just getting my message out there.
 Wow republicans think pell grants are a form of welfare, and wanna cut them. That's crazy.
 goodnight
  oh ok I might have to get that tomorrow then
 going to get dame's chicken and waffles this weekend
  whats new bout it?
 like Miami
 whats the point in Vince Young going to philly. plenty of other teams he could start for. like SF
  you got it?
  Lebron 52 dre team 37
 this nigga  averaging 40pts a game with  on 2k
 Resigned Johnson, Williams, and Beason, traded for Olsen. Smitty wanna be there, we got potential.
 Panthers made hella moves, we going to be way better next year. Gotta see the roster to give my record prediction.
  you know it's a cheat app niggas be using. Found that out when someone beat me
  lol exactly, I'm doing something wrong
 RT  Yo...my man kobe is looking to get 1 million a month overseas on a Turkish team < damn must be nice
  lol ok, at least come to the victory party
  i kno lol just make sure you move up here to vote for me lol
  think me and  bout to put something big together
  that's cool.
 <----- going to change Durham.
 RT  Suits might be the best show on tv.
 Pointless to sit around complaining about Durham and not be willing to change it.
 If you wanna see a better Durham, we have to change it. I'm taking the first step to improve my city.
 Provide information on candidates, help young voters register, etc.
 To many ppl in Durham have no idea who or why they voting for a certain candidate, what we wanna do is provide information on their stance
 We going to make a difference.
 Starting a project to increase voting among Durham youth 18-26. If you want more information or wanna help out hit my DM for more info.
 I need a trip out of Durham. Need a new car first.
 Paying bills, is the most annoying, yet most satisfying feeling.
 They traded ocho to the pats!? Damn
  it's good.
  what's stopping you?
  you gotta go.
 Really RT  Um hmmm more never had zaxbys RTs!
 We made some good moves RT  Don't be surprise if Carolina tops their division this year. 
 RT  OMGDUVALFACT: All the good women on twitter that's worth settling down wit have less than 500 followers
 Who know how to do logarithms?
  Idk I'm a see what dre trying to do.
  you going to the pro am tonight
  been waiting on you to wake up lol
  how things been?
  nothin at work, working hard. What's up with you?
  morning homie
 Uh oh RT  Planned Parenthood May Close North Carolina Center After De-Funding  
 Good morning
 RT  Why can't u trust Fox News? Because  will lie, & IGNORE the surplus Clinton left & that Bush turned into  ...
 RT  RT  "Cause women that play hard to get, don't get got"
 This has been a real productive day at work.
 Get the ball rolling RT  We are getting old tho somebody need to get married........and invite me......
 RT  
 Lmao RT   Yo tell ya Artist take that shit outta his head! He might listen to you  
 RT  Hearing DeAngelo Williams has agreed to re-sign with the Panthers.
 So how ya'll day going?
 Lunch time.
 <--- don't need haters or negativity to motivate me, I got this.
 I see on my TL all day " Haters motivate me" if negativity motivate you to succeed you got the game messed up.
 I don't get ya'll, you need to haters? You need negativity For motivation?
 Walmart taking over everything.
  think is launch later this year. Its going to be a lot cheaper than Netflix.
 I need a lunch box too.
 I don't drink coffee might start tho.
 Walmart going after Netflix now, they started an online movie streaming service.
 Good morning to all.
  I was thinking that too. Guess more commercials mean less show.
 Who use jamster?
 RT   black people love VH1 for the same shows they'd call coonery if it aired on BET
 Got big plans for durham.
 Still doing math.
  how much?
 I can respect that RT   nope...honorable mention for them & kings of leon tho
  no coldplay?
 RT  BlackBerry maker is laying off 2,000 more employees. R.I.P. BlackBerry
 When? RT  Bowling Night tho...whats up?
 Smh damn RT  Nnamdi in talks with the Jets???? With him and Revis on the other side....sheeeeessshhhhhhh
 RT  Just a thought: if an African American receiver were doing same thing as Carson Palmer would there be so many people defen ...
  oh ok. Lol
  like a bike bike? Lol
   skits and interludes too
 DPAC getting a lot of good shows.
 O_o RT  RT  SWAT in McDougald Terrace smh
 And rosario too RT   I'd take Rice...but dnt need Heap since we got Shockey
 RT  Jus like Carolina vs Duke RT  Football season on Twitter will test friendships... lmao. 
  try changing your password
  damn Me either
  together or a piece?
  morning
 goodnight ya'll
 RT  niggas on here going thru the basic cable struggle... lol
  haha hell yeah my mom worked at a day care she use to steal them from work.
 Doug a simp
 RT  Lmfao. “ Doug is brought to you by the 96 count box of crayola crayons .”
 to hype bout doug right now
 can't believe I'm still up
 RT  Who is ready for some Doug Funnie? Did you know Doug was the first Nicktoon?
 RT  My favorite angry bird black one...he does damage
 RT  Can't believe I'm watching all that I went to mickey d's n bought some chicken nuggets to make it feel right lol < lmao
  i know right
 I can make it to 2
  I give you Mandy 
 RT  RT  1 9 8 7
 lol
 RT  I need to be sleep
 RT  Maaaaaaaaaaan I'm sleepy.
 man this 3rd shift thing ain't me mon-fri
 pudding face lol
 I need to sleep!
 RT  thats a link to see what Kenan's sister looks like now... < she bad
 RT  Lord knows I miss childhood...life was so carefree!
 RT  My hometown nickelodeon was & still is on channel 43 < BET was 17 and MTV was 35 back then
  lol damn
 this dude kenan got on lime green boots tho
  classic 90 shows like all that kenan and kel, doug clarissa explain it all coming back on
 RT  Channel 21> Teen Nick < hell, you watchin my nigga
 he mushed her
 RT  I love how my whole TL is tuned in to nick.......
 RT  RT  Nickelodeon> CartoonNetwork.
  hope forever
 RT  Now if they show My Brother and Me it is a wrap
 RT  Coolio when he was relevant <- haha
 RT  what  happen to  the  performance they  cheated ussssssssssssss
 RT  Its ear boy its ear boy his ears are really bigggggg  lol
 RT  All That was like the kid version of In Living Color. great concept. genius.
 no nick slander on my TL take yo ass to sleep
 Patty Mayonnaise
 RT  catdog...ren &stimpy...rockos modern life ect all come on regularly on nick toon.... stop playing with me Nickelodeon.
 RT  Where is Mandy now?  < good question *search google*
 RT  I  wanted  to  go  on  double  dare  sooooo  bad  
 forgot bout catdog
  hahaha
  yeah on ustream
 I wanted to be on this show so bad, me and my sister use to act out the skits 
  thats true I'm to hype to sleep tho
 RT  I feel sorry for the kids now-uh-days cause the shit they watch on nickelodeon ain't nowh… (cont) 
 whats the point of the DVR if I stay up to watch it any way lol
 damn this going to kill me in the morning
  don't even matter lol
 wonder if they showing ahhhh real monster
 yeah I am going to tweet all the jokes
 lmao
  nah these four on all week
 going to be up till 2 like forget work lol
 RT   All That
 damn this taking me back
  it's on teen nick
 forgot this intro was dope
 fresh out the box!
  i know, i hope they changing them weekly or something
 90s nick >
 should've went to sleep now I'm up
 can't believe how old we are now thats crazy
  i think they going to change the shows weekly
 man this 90s nick got me to hype
 they going to be showing hey arnold, are you afraid of the dark, and double dare
 you can tell the real jeezy fans on TL  to  and  them niggas hype
 if you ain't got DVR sound like you going to be up till 4 am
 Bun B the OG
 RT  I'm basically recording everything tonight. <- same here all week too
 haha summer eve called the vagina a vertical smile
 got it on the DVR RT  man  everybody over  20  gonna  be  on  that  Teen  Nick  Hard  tonight!
 I'm going to change my city for the best. Building a strong team who wanna do the same.
 all that at 12 might not make it
 Colbert killing tonight
 <---- glad i got DVR cause i can't stay up to watch these 90s nick shows
 Weeds tonight at 10
  you spamming man.
 My heart, My baby sister, turning 12 today.  
  gotcha
 My baby sister today her birthday.  
  teen nick it come on from midnight to 4am. Think it's 308 or 208
  Oh ok I'll check the guide later
  lol
  they showing more on different nights
  tape em? Like VHS? Lol
 Only shows I seen was all that, clarissa explains it all kenan and Kel and Doug, what else suppose to be coming on?
 Got all my 90s cartoon shows on the DVR tonight. Can't wait.
 Smh RT  O_o RT  X___X RT  RT if I look like 
  I got ya
 I got a great idea for black youth voters in Durham. Soon as I get the plan together  I'll let you know.
  when you moving here?
 Just saw on bloomberg, that your employer can even check erased material on social networks.
  lol terrible.
 Thats it RT  Mcdnalds donates 1 penny to the Ronald Mcdonald founation for every Happy Meal sold.  how nice
 Where girls get the notion that their box special lol had a few girls say I'll never find another, probably will tho.
  exactly. Same thing they did with Moore
 To early for playoff predictions?
  heard he been putting in work tho, so hopefully he ready.
 Lol RT  Yea RT  am i the only one who wouldn't pay $5 and a jar a pickles to see Jay-Z?
 No doubt Cam will start, just not sure it'll be game 1. New coach new system Jimmy gets at least 1 game.
  nah I wanna win but we got the second hardest schedule this season.
 Just found out time Warner don't have a football package. Smh
  haha I feel you.
 I'm a diehard panthers fan, but do the math. Saints gonna win 10 ATL going to win 10, Bucs going to win 9. We not making the playoffs.
  I still ain't got no interest in preseason. Lol maybe it'll be better cause players going to need it.
 RT  *deep sigh* just looked at the panthers schedule...this gonna be a long season
 The NFL is back! When the first game? Sept? Thought so.
 RT  If you're flexible about location, here's a great deal for your small business:  
  hell yeah, we too competitive not too.
  a little bit, I really took it to beat my cousins, cause we went bowling once a week. Cause we got dollar bowling here
  Oh ok, I prefer Howards tho.
  yep it was went from 97 to bout 165-170
  why?
 RT  RT  Obama: Rich should pay 'fair share' to reduce nation's debt -  
  I'm the best bowler ever
   let me guess ya'll got to A&T
 So what ya'll doing?
 RT  Exactly.... RT  "Uncle Otis," a cry for attention from a dwindling artist, smh....
  same thing with all guys. we not like y'all. Even if we mad we'll still hit.
  that's good. You can do it.
  that's a good idea, in Durham right?
  trying to. Then it's on to politics. Trying to run for city council in 15 yrs. And I got you.
  lol I feel you. Guess it's different for everybody.
  smh
  that true.
  you must go to A&T
  true probably gotta add in venue cost too.
  yeah it suck. So move on up.
  I ain't saying it don't pop it kill centrals, just jay and ye once in a life time deal. Gotta fuck wit that.
  that make sense,
  I been to both always had a better time in dc
  not at all. Been to a few homecomings tho
 Anybody saying A&T is the  never been to Howard.
  you crazy man lol, jay and ye would kill any concert A&T lined up. Who you think the coliseum would go too.
  that's real tho. I don't get why it is tho.
 Welcome RT  Durham RT   u movin to raleigh?
  i don't get it either seems like more money would be in Charlotte.
  haha that's the main reason I went to a show in jersey thinking he was done. Fool'd me
 Hov concert no question RT  Will nccu and unc students and alum  go to their homecoming or the hov concert ?? Lmao !!
  same here, but gotta do it I seen jay like 2 times, never ye.
  we all going. I'm trying to get good seats tho.
 Even Durham get better concerts than Charlotte hahaha 
  who does?
  haha
 Lol RT   lol RT  The Carolina Panthers will be super bowl champions this season!!
  haha my nigga did that but they found his ass quick.
  damn, don't worry homie, I'm a bootleg that shit, start selling DVDs from the concert.
  guess I need to get into that pre sale category.
 If  don't get that cowboy shit off my TL, we going to have a problem. Lol
 I'm hearing different dates, I heard tickets go on sale aug 8th then aug 12th which is it?
  dang
 RT  I so need 2 be in my bed right now!
 Dont get me started RT  as i say every year.....this is the cowboys year to get back on top!!!
 RT  Happy Birthday  !
  I know right
  guess kolb outta there
 O_o to who? RT  Told yall Favre was coming back
  hahaha my bad I couldn't control my excitement
  hell yeah.
  hell yeah that shit going to be crazy
  I feel you, I'm bout to go back to school in Jan.
 Tickets for the fall shows go on sale aug 12
  they on tour, idk if it's with homecoming.
  the coliseum tickets go on sale aug 12
  yessir. I think the link I posted got some info on it.
  yeah they coming back on teen nick like 12 am to 4
  let's go, we gotta get good seats too.
  Idk I just rt a link with the info I haven't looked at it yet
  really!? Won't argue that lol
 Jay and Kanye in the boro Oct 30 I'm in there.
 RT  KANYE & JAYZ CONCERT/TOUR COMING TO GREENSBORO!!! READ MORE 
  good morning homie
 Just added All That, Doug, Kenan and Kel and Clarissa explains it all to the DVR,  to teen nick
  pretty good just working, that's bout it, how you?
  hahaha I'm just playing. I'd knew you find that funny
  you only talk to me, when your friend mad lol
