 RT  Today in 1945, at Edwards AFB, Calif., prototype YP-80As displayed their ability to attack bombers, even when outnumbere ...
  did Florida proud imo. Course that will all change for me if he votes no esta Dia.
  Escuchaste a su compañero cubano Marco Rubio desde el Senado?
 Up and sooo would love not to be. Not sticking around work long today that is for sure.
  lol there is nothing wrong with that! Sounds even better since I am way tired and ready to sleep :)
 Adobe Edge: completing the Flash/HTML cycle 
  u have any fruit juice dripping on u at this hour?
 RT  Video: Upton on not being traded, and hugging it out: Tampa Bay Rays CF B.J. Upton shares his relief on not bein... htt ...
  congrats on ur transfer! seriously hope things go well over at TSG
   < some good back and forth with Sen. Kerry in it.
  Jay you should tweet his 14 minutes from the senate floor yesterday. Some great stuff.
 RT  RT  National Inventor's Month begins tomorrow! Discover your inner inventor w/ resources  ...
  yeah, Isabelle still isn't big on the ocean though. Sure she will one day.
  gave u a 5. Def worth it.
  Gingers are evil, need some type of way to distinguish them. Red Head sounds way to nice :P
  I have a rule, if I am swimmin in the ocean i stay in front of the line of surfers using them as a human shield.
 watching mad men with  on the xbox 360. Would just watch it on the Vizio but once again the vizio remote not acting right.
  tiger sharks are no joke.
 In non political news I have probably 5 more hours of work to go. Happy I got a nap in today.
  just listened to Marco's speech from yesterday. Makes me feel good for voting for him.
 The junior Senator from Florida  yesterday addressing debt ceiling issue >  < 14 minutes worth a watch.
   Nothing wrong with being relaxed and enjoying it. *Putting down my pitch fork and joining in.*
 RT  There has never been a nation like  or a people like  It is an inspiration to all the world.   ...
  please say you will vote for the compromise deal put in place.
 RT  Success. The pork was top notch. yfrog.com/gybwbhmj < can't go wrong with comida Cubano
   Repubs should be happy that cuts were put in place. Lots of happiness to go around. If someones not happy that on them
   Dems should be happy ceiling was raised and no ear marked cuts were made.
   POTUS should be happy he was able to get two governing bodies that oppose each other to work and make a deal.
  number 2 hard to pass up a pic that shows ur sexy face
   both far sides of the isle want what they want and not give an inch. not how things ever get done.
   people that realize that you got to give to get. That you can't use ur own personal stance to cripple the nation.
 RT  Ladies and gentlemen, I give you: Samuel L. Jackson reading a children's book. Audio NSFW. 
  we are far from perfect, but what I see from DC makes Tallahassee look like a diamond sometimes.
  FL has a very diverse tax base, has a sales tax and a balanced budget. Fed government should take notes.
  not sure, whatever keeps the revenue close to the same. I am far from the person to know that kind of detail.
  I honestly believe lots of the tax the rich stuff is blatant class warfare garbage and it's sad.
  totally agree, but of course I am for the fair tax too so that is not shocking.
  ok as an RM fan I have been very leery of Neymar, but that was def worth a GOOOLAAAAZOOOO!
  wife and I will watch it at 10 on hbogo. Kids still to awake to watch it on the big tv in living room.
  I vote for nap
  My girl Rebkah knowin the half baked joke. *hand clap*
  WP showing those against it > 
  winner winner. Btw only ones complaining about deal are super lefts libs and tea partiers. So Middle wins thankfully.
  50 cool points if u know what movie that is from.
  hope u bought when everyone thought the world was about to crumble
 Can't have your cake and eat it too.
 If people want to maintain the taxes they pay to the federal government they really should think about what programs they want to see gone.
 Not the deal I would have wanted. But it's a start. We need to stop making budgets are asses can't cash. Cut spending Raise taxes on erbody
 President Obama Senator Reid and Speaker Boehner went against their parties to get this deal done. Should be commended.
 And AUS level it at one with minutes to spare!!!
 lol  the reporter who asked a question at the empty podium. Just shut up guy
 ABC News Live Stream Coverage POTUS address | Video - ABC News  (via 
 RT  Debt ceiling deal struck. No word yet if it includes a hardcap or a midlevel exception.<hope it allows the larry bird rule
  It's gona always be hard passing anything with a divided congress. Glad it looks like it is done. Both compromised.
  I have to for work. If it wasn't for that I never even open it up.
  enjoy ur time down here in CFL.
  and that was a fantastic video of you and 
  baseball , soccer, and xgames are all on.
  as always great clip.
 RT  A few thoughts on Plaxico Burress:  
  hope it keeps up
 RT  4,162 in Phily. All six  markets have now seen at least one game with a large increase in attendance.
  will def have to do that. How bout the Va Tech game? No can do on the Maryland game cause gotta work next morning.
 booo AUS down 1 - 0
  yellow rice and black beans is one amazing combination
  do you know if goltv have the rights to the supercopa?
 Will cheer for the young socceroos while I work
  will the wps finally just take that team away from the owner. He doesn't deserve such a great squad.
  any luck of that weather heading over to brevard?
 If ur website opens up to the tomcat administration page, you might wanna host that ish somewhere else.
  Russ you go to the broken barrel ever down in PB? Was thinking we could watch a canes away game there maybe.
 RT  For those ’Canes fans who are unable to travel to Miami Hurricanes football games, hook up with fellow Canes here:
 Having a real number pad on your laptop is a great thing. thank you 
 RT  Holy ^& Check out Brad Rusin's Maradonaesque 60 yd goal today. You won't see a better goal from a Yank in a long tim ...
  it was my very first night in Canada(just turned 19 ;) ) so I had no clue. I know way better now.
  turned out i gave him like 5 Toonies. I was more then slightly pissed when i figured that out.
  i had an issue in canada where tryin to be nice i gave a guy on the street some Canadian coins.
  to lose the cup because of an own goal, and cause u couldn't put away ur billion chances sure doesn't deserve cheering.
 Arsenal might not win their own cup. That is pretty sad.
 Great marking there lmao
  its an espn uk crew. can def tell they are use to broadcasting for british audiences.
    of all pro sports its the one I care about the least.
    I follow the one team I like in the nfl, and watch the rest to see former canes.
 Quite curious how fsc got this match. All the other Emirates cup matches have been on espn3. And espn uk is actually broadcasting the match
 RT  Wearing my Lebron Miami Heat jersey right now in the Cleveland airport. So if you hear about a riot at the airport....
  he was a steal last transfer window. best get by the reds in a while
  something good to think about no matter how much it really doesn't relate to the club. :)
  awww damn. It's funny cause it's true though. Preseason hasn't been a fun one. Well least Suarez got to raise a cup.
  surprised ur network is working ;P
 Clean cars should and will come, but that day isn't here and sustainable way to produce fuel is needed now.
 Super grean people will say that algea producing ethanol and diesel still is bad for the environment. Least it could make gas prices dive.
 RT  Oozing Biofuel: Algae Could Solve World's Fuel Crisis 
  its the gunners so it will be the only trophy they will get to lift.  ;)
 RT     u know  has the rosters for NCAA12 so u can download from him for your ...
    I have always liked NCAA more than madden
  get a vizio with the via apps. Great TV's at really good prices. Lots of extras with the via apps.
 RT  Fact check: Have We Been in Default 'Danger' Before? 
 RT  At Indianapolis Motor Speedway with some girl that plays soccer. 
 One episode of mad men with  then off too bed. Late night ahead for me tomorrow.
   will always be my fav mls player
  like i said it's cool. Totally understand.
 RT  mourinho "adebayor es d los nuestros lo llevamos en el corazon" al final no lo comemos ya veras
 Sarah's butter cream camo cake 3  
 Sarah's butter cream camo cake 2  
 Sarah's butter cream camo cake 1  
 RT  Adebayor watching  game!  via 
  set up Benz I mean
  who set him up?
 Kaka looking so much better this preseason.
 RT  Leicester City - Real Madrid [stream] 1 - 
 That gunners crest is GIGANTIC
 Julian's team playing really well only having one sub. Coaches doin a nice job makin sure they slow down each trip up the court.
 Julian's team only has 6 players that showed up so far. He might be really tired after this one.
 gotta get up and ready to take julian to basketball.
  Happy Birthday. Hope it's a great one.
 RT  Liverpool’s Pepe Reina says he’s 3 days away from being fit  <- 
  Captain America. Yeah going to walmart is one of my least fav things.
 Andy Katz talks with new Miami basketball head coach Jim Larranaga   
 There is nothing open but walmart. 
 Thought I was going to the movies tonight. Didnt pan out. No biggie. Now need to run to the store so I can get some AA for my xbox controler
  TY Cindy
 RT  Holy Sabbath blessings! Selena Gomez like you have never seen her before. 
 RT  GOOOL de penalty de Morata. 5-0 y Álvaro ya lleva 6 goles en 3 partidos
 RT  Schaerlaeckens: Juergen Klinsmann's daunting to-do list - 
 RT  USA appoint Juergen Klinsmann as new national coach. This has obviously been in the pipeline since Gold Cup Final defe ...
 Just done w/ a meeting and  was there. Saw she was a lefty. Thankfully she wasn't a ginger or I would have been worried 4 my safety
 RT  Giuseppe Rossi's agent has confirmed that Villarreal have taken the player off the market and is likely to stay in Spain ...
  sorry Eric but ur such a handsome man I find it hard to control myself
  congrats miss Amy
 RT  Good morning, last day in Brazil...Tomorrow I am going back to Liverpool 
  you can blur the line a lot but there will always be a line.
  I still think physical interaction will always be seen as the best way to relate to another person.
   and I were debating that very idea up to how we live from day to day.
 RT  Virtual vs. Physical Interactions  by  
 I am all in on webm, but webp is a joke. Hope Google really don't do anything further to promote the format.
 RT  Twelve organizations say VP8 infringes patents  < not a good thing
  TY guy. Have a great weekend.
  TY 
  TY for the  Hope things are goin well.
 Julian and I shot around. Had a nice time. Now watchin the xgames and he is actually flippin to wnba game(and I thought I liked sports)
  ahh ok. Have a safe trip down.
  enjoy ur time in cfl :)
  thanx Adam.
  just gotta keep them from being all over her.
  kids were deciding between the hamster and Guinea Pig, and picked the Guinea Pig. It's real cute.
 Peanut the new member of the house  
 RT   Knock knock knock mr klinsman, are u out there?
 RT  Idealist fans/media: College sports is about name on front of jersey. Coaches/ADs: College sports is about name on my pay ...
  doin ok, knocked out 1 project so far. Next one has not started well lol
  how are u doin miss Jenny?
   once qnx gets on bbs it will be a game changer. OS is great.
   For work I will take a bb over anything anyday. personal IMO wp7(mango) > android > bb(not qnx) > IOS > webos
  hey u
 RIM releases BBM 6, makes your mobile messaging dreams come true  via 
 Facebook 2.0 for bb is really good.
  very hot photo!
 Former Rockledge High star ready for breakout season in NFL now lockout is over >    
  yeah sounds like the first one was a tanker. I would make sure u make that foil hat snug. who knows the next thing u will see :P
  my HS in Japan was basically across the street from a Jet runway. That made for some long breaks in lectures.
  I live pretty far from the AFB now and we some times see planes going back and forth for touch and goes.
  yeah gotta agree with u on that one
  if it was my boys from anfield u know i be watching :)
  If it wasn't for the fact I seen how bad CONMEBOL and UEFA are I would swear CONCACAF is the worst run sports organization.
  maybe if it wasn't the red devils again.  wants to watch mad men on netflix anyways so easy non fight about it :)
  Depending on the exercise they might need a ton of air space to complete it. Did you get a good look at the air craft?
 MLS All star game. I love soccer, I could care less about this. Last years was less than entertaining.
  surprised they scheduled it same night as mls all star game.
 0 love lost for Butch. 
  tweet to ur hearts content. Course I care more about the meaningless friendlies more than the all star game.
  That is horrible. kids are all worried which makes it worse. Hopefully no other break ins happen around here.
 Lovely come home from picking up snacks for the fam, and their are 4 cop cars on my street. Someone next door had their house broke in.
  tinfoil hat being fed exed ur way
 Julian havin a hoop already payin dividends.
  A
 RT  Did you know Microsoft donates software to nonprofit organizations? Learn more:  
 RT  U-18  v MEX at 3pm ET today in N. Ireland. A win puts the U.S. into the Milk Cup final for the 2nd straight year (vi ...
  wish I could watch(damn work)
 RT  33' Hertha Berlin 1-2 Real Madrid (17' Ebert | 28' Ronaldo, 32' Benzema)
  A player should really judge his skills though, because if they aren't pro material they are better served in college.
  think players are better server in terms of going to the NHL playin in the CHL though.
  agree being upfront is always better, players should be honest with their intentions.
  not totally buying it's a personal honor thing. Kids leave school to transfer for a billion reasons. Going to chl no different
  should follow  could get a lil movie trinket out of the deal :)
  u don't think he will be loaned out again?
 RT  CSS Summit Slides from yesterday : CSS3 and Selectors  
 off to accounting report land. there is no analogy good enough that could describe how evil of a land that is.
 RT  Urgent need: Japanese/English translators for our team in Japan. If you speak fluent Japanese, apply here:  ...
 'Mad Men' makes its way to Netflix streaming  via  < guess i will finally see why everyone likes it so much
  that was classic!
 RT  Going to McDonald's to get a salad is like going to a brothel for a hug. No thanks, I rather have a southern style ad ...
  nope can't say drunk you is a bad thing either. Course drunk  is pretty entertaining as well lol
 Verizon accidentally reveals Bold 9930  via  includes link to video from  < by 
  hyper u is never a bad thing :)
 RT  [Video]: BlackBerry Bold 9900 Shows Off Facebook 2.0 
  whats the max you would give up for him?
 RT  Today in 1972, Test pilot Irving L. Burrows took the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle up for its 1st flight at Edwards AFB,  ...
 Lite Rock station billowing from the work room. <  It seems I will be dozing at my desk today.
  that would be a huge get for the fins
 RT  FRONTARMY blog: THE "LIKKI BLOWS" PIC OF THE DAY 
  I actually liked the theater operator storyline more than the bastards part. Both are good.
 my boy  is gona spend the night makin me wish i was at the broken barrel.
 RT  5 course craft beer paired dinner tonight at  woot
  how were the scallops?
  way to communicate with servers.
 RT  Mark Herzlich goes to the New York Giants. If you haven't, read his story.  
         I leave for a few minutes you guys go nuts.
 another day another ssh client now trying ssh explorer... its good. Still might try to get to reflections. Actually downloading that now.
  nah guy, Shields and james last year proved in the NFL talent was there, just not coached. AG has 2 - 3 wins in him easy.
 Mozilla to Build Mobile OS for the Web 
  yes bridge is buggy. But that doesn't make me say the playbook is bad. Far from it. It is good. Just needs to get more fixes.
  will check in morning. ty
 RT  oh, and please spread the word: 
  all in favor say aye, AYE. The ayes have it. Motion passes unanimously. Always will end debate with truth about how bad OSU is!
  end on a point of agreement > OSU sux  ;)
 RT  The behavior of  security forces, including barbaric shootings and wide-scale arrests, is reprehensible.  ...
   sorry for fillin up ur guys TL's
   like i said i want it fixed. Both sides need to give more. If they do we will be in a better place. Both sides win.
   Market would bounce back higher if issue resolved correctly.
   putting off debt issue till later will only exacerbate the issue.
   The entire economic structure of the US was flawed. The depression was signaled by the wall street collapse.
   black Thursday was a market correction that should never have happened. Would not happen again.
  at least not in an open forum I have yet to see. Or anything close to a revised tax system(what I would love.)
  But POTUS have never once mentioned raising taxes on anyone other than the rich.
   I think people use them as a crutch to often or as cheap pats on the back from their base. Or go overboard > tea party.
  Social issues are important regardless of your stance.
   sayin that the guys need to get the deal done because for America as a whole we need to have it done and right.
   No president R D or whatever should ever base their economic policies on how the stock market might act the next day
   Market taking / rebounding really should be the least of anyone concerns unless they are cashing out tomorrow.
  I will always be for a fair tax.
  and niche interest is where we need to cut first.
  and repubs exact opposite. Outside of their niche special interest they would cut everything before they raise anyones taxes.
  My big issue with Dems during budget time is that they want to cut as little as possible and raise taxes faster.
  but the idea u can tax the "rich" and no one else is not sound policy it is more or less class warfare imo.
  but to do that he sacrificed way too much without raising revenue(bush 2) I am never for no taxes or cuts for just cuts sake.
  that is a great thing. I never had to worry about world ending at any second really any of my life.
  never thought Reagan was end all and be all of GOP presidents. He did somethings well. Cold war ending a lot of his doing.
  at a national level in forever. Most states have balanced budgets so they have too. Time national governments steps up 4 a change
  no bush era cut taxes keep spending(some out of his control some not) lead to this. True cut taxes cut spending hasn't been done
  also some of the surplus of late 90s early 2000s were fools gold if the mid 2000s proved anything.(Dot bust then real estate)
  reagen got stuck with a bad economy(carter administration) like current POTUS. Can't be denied.
  cause lord knows current crop of gop hopefuls still haven't made me scream ***** in 2012.
  if repubs / Obama can figure this out the right way I will remember that shit next nov. Even for the Potus.
  surplus was under a repub congress miss rebkah. Fact need not forgotten.
 U-Verse  - 
  without raising debt limit. Taxes raised need to be across the board imo.
  one could also they you should learn from your mistakes. Saying that both sides need to figure out how much more to tax / cut
  sweet dreams
  since I have an att bb with work, will prob keep  always att just so we will always have mobile to mobile.
  the phone is the phone no issues, but its nothing special. The extra on uverse tv are nice, but data cap is a no no for me.
  internet is great(outside the cap which is gona make me switch) and tv is great when its working. Sux that is hit or miss lately
 Whenever u resort to name calling, there is no way the other side is going to listen, even if you have a valid point.
 U verse tv not working. Both recievers stuck in this circle of loading. Think we are gona miss weeds.
 RT  This ---> RT  Dems think Obama did well. Rs think Boehner did well. And in a nutshell there's the problem.
 RT  Looks like former  RB Damien Berry will sign with the     
 RT  Miami (FL) RB Graig Cooper signing with the   One of my favorite underrated prospects.  Early round talent b ...
 really like my bb playbook, butbridge software still buggy. causes it to crash way more often then any app should.
  i have stopped playin fantasy football. just rather just watch games not worrying about if my 3rd rb is doing well.
  NP, have a great week!
  exactly. I don't think anyone really thinks he wouldn't be an asset.
  I would be all for him playing, if he stop retiring every season and sayin he is done. If he wants to play just play.
 RT  RT  RT  NFLPA Shares Details of $610M Legacy Fund with Retired Players  ...
 .  was not dying cause i didn't get any hot ota issues to hear about.
 RT  Hoping the lockout ends today - I can't live without football any longer!  < what football did anyone miss?
 RT  I cannot believe this photo was taken with a Blackberry 
 RT   fans - how would you feel about acquiring Plaxico? Let's discuss. < Not a fan, but think it would be a great add.
  everyone wants their cake and eat it to, and hope they can tax richer people then themselves and it be all ok.
  If people would let some things go the tax cuts could stay and deficit issue wouldn't be, no one wants to be told no.
  Added programs from current administration and death grip of not letting social security reform happen add to issue.
  let me concede you this, lot's of banks took advantage and let quick dollars cloud their judgment when it came to that though.
  policies and programs set up to give home loans when they shouldn't have did way more damage then they helped.
 RT  The only NFL related topic trending in the US on Twitter right now: Brett Favre. I hate you, America.
  Tax cuts had 0 to do with the real estate issue that caused a lot of this mess.
   repubs? Didn't u just tweet something saying people blame W for economy still?
   demonizing a whole section workforce is far from fair and very short sited. Are their bad cooperations yes.
   unless you want them to burn cash so they have to fire more people.
   If they aren't making money less money or losing money, sitting on the piles of money makes perfect sense.
 RT  National Geographic's most unforgettable space shuttle photos 
  you too Tommy!
 RT  Which striker should José Mourinho sign? - tinyurl.com/4y6vena  < Resign Manolito keep Morata on Castilla
  hope everything goes great!
 With the last retweet the innuendo and jokes right themselves.
 RT  Kinect-driven tactile bodysuit makes you tingle in eight different places 
  U too guy!
  hope so. Have a big project I gotta get done so can't go by too fast lmao
 Ok gotta get up. I so don't want to. Today def feels like a Monday.
  sorry for ur loss
 congrats  ! 
 Putting a basketball hoop up is an experience.
 RT   Kaka: "Mourinho wants me to stay at Real Madrid" 
 RM's worst match of the preseason easily. Philly seemed to out work RM in the final 15 of the match. Thankfully more preseason matches comin
  very boring. All the HT subs killed a great flowing game. Philly just had a hell of a goal though.
  respect where respect is do on that one.
 Good job for Philly deserved goal.
 RT  RT  YAAAAAWN! Thats how the second half has been. < This
 Kaka not having a great day.
 RT  Coentrao también entra en esta 2da parte... || 
 That's good royal white soccer right there.
 CR7 and Kaka on the pitch! Time to put this one away. 
  hopefully CR7 and Kaka show ur boys some better footballing in the second half.
  def respect. Interplay in the mid field for RM was not ideal. Philly took advantage. Showed they weren't backing down.
 Philly def makin RM work. Could the Union could def had a goal durin the half. But San Iker would have none of that.
 RT  RT  Blonde stunner 
  if he hits it with his left would have been 3
 SAN IKER!
 RT  ORLANDO CITY WINS!!! 1-0 over Newcastle United!!!!
 RT  OZIL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Some bad play in the back early for RM. Need to get that out of their system quick.
 Callejon puts it away nicely after a perfect ball over the top from   y 
 If I was ever happy to have an xbox it's right now. Watching the  match on the vizio.
 The linc is packed! RM gona put on a show. 
 Isabelle loves playing games on my "big screen" aka my playbook
 RT  Another balanced look at the debt ceiling talks 
 Yannick  from Sporting with a strike worth a golazo!
 RT  RT  African American Civil War Memorial Praised:  via The Washington Informer
 Tommy Smythe and  calling the Sporting and Juventus. One of my fav pair to listen to during the season on ESPN3
 RT  Super useful site if you're looking to spruce up your website with HTML/CSS.  v  ...
 Nice start for call up Desmond Jennings. Triple and a run scored in the first.
  lol Look at u go Adam. Yeah it's theirs can't knock them for being them.
  agree. Norway has to do what they think fits best with their culture. That guy is lucky he isn't here that is undeniable.
  seems like you would want some type of exception for extra egregious crimes.
  don't knock fleshbot 
 RT  Heres a link to the kick off of the 2011 Canes football season!
 RT  RM Castilla striker Morata hat-trick eases Spain into semis  
  u make it. But not siting that claim does not make much sense. I will def concede that.
  even the bbc and al jaazera(sp?) Were stating the same thing. Unless every news agency turned poor overnight it's not as bad
  an islamic group took responsibility for attacks and norway was a target last year. Dont think that is jumping to conclusions
 RT   Spain XI vs Serbia: Badia, Aurtenetxe, Ignasi Miquel, Sergi Gomez, Carvajal, R. Pardo, Campaña, Sarabia, Juanm ...
 glad  is ok
   Russian space agency is putting it to us cause right now we have no viable solution.
   gotta agree with russ on this one. Constellation was already tested then it was scrapped with no plan.
  lmao no comment other than I am sure u would hold ur own :)
 and after all that great possession we concede another. 3 - 0 in the tigers favor
 so much better movement this half. Balls into the box have been not so great though.
  NP
  lmao i was about to say i bet I know where Tatiana is gona be soon > UM pool party
   flying cars russ, we need flying cars and star trek communicators ;)
  hopefully when the new shuttle exhibit opens up they will make a bigger push.
 LFC back 4 showing why I am worried about them this season. down 2 - 0 to Hull City
 ok thats better for Ngog.
  I am sure like with everything they cold do more.
  I think so. Least in central FL. always see billboards over past Orlando and good amount of commercials.
 come on, David's give away leads to a Hull goal.
 RT  Decent stream of  v Hull for non-LFC TV Online subscribers: 
 RT  PM told a story of a kid who swam from Utøya across to the mainland dragging a wounded mate across. One of many heroes to  ...
 all ur great intentions come to a screeching halt when a transaction logs fills a drive up.
   yeap 21 years for a guy who was convicted of killing 22 people > 
 RT  RT  Volunteers are maintaining and updating a list of people who are safe and sound 
   doesn't seem like it I read a tweet(trying to verify) that a Norwegian serial killer was released after only 21yrs
 RT  can the amazing happen and one of the old firm not win it all?!?!?! >   No :-) < a guys gotta try lol
  can the amazing happen and one of the old firm not win it all?!?!?!
   yeah I am shocked as anyone.
  Murder has same sentence but, what I read in the WSJ is that is gona be the charge.
  I can't believe that is the max. Some how I think public sentiment might push to get that changes. Such a horrible tragedy.
 RT  Mario Bros in HTML5 Canvas 
 Not here telling them how to run their country, but I would be amending that law before he goes to trial.
 The Norway bomber is being brought up on charges of terrorism. Norway law the max sentence is 21 years.
 RT  There's been no announcement of anything, but  OF prospect Desmond Jennings was pulled from Durham lineup - health ...
 RT   ~ at least 80 killed rt
  damn girl... u dont mess around. Well I am getting sleepy. Hope u have a nice relaxing nite. TTYL
 RT  Full summary of ESPN the Weekend cancellation    
  can't see them canceling the star wars weekends. they seem too popular.
  what kinda rum u enjoying?
 RT  This drinks to you Atlantis. We will miss you in action. And your sisters too. To the end of an amazing error. **raises g ...
  no one, but doesn't seem like your denying it :P lol
  lies not one tweet of ur top coming off yet ;P :)
  course having them does not hurt Paraguay in the eyes of the broadcasters.
  nope nope she is not > 
  what's some missing info. Who wants to give the whole story nowadays.
  drunk tweets coming up!
  Gaby Wolscham doing what she can to get all neutrals to cheer for Paraguay during the Copa America Final > bit.ly/qxmXYa
   Sweden had terror attacks last December so that should have woke some people up.
  really like them too. Head and shoulders better than the last one.
   that is one great 
 RT    because she's hot, sexy, awesome, has nice boobs, AND one day she and I will make out!! ;) *Giggles*
   Island name is  Guess it has some youth camp there.
 watching The Office on  Always and easy way to put mind at ease so you can get some rest.
 RT  Before and after pic: 
 RT  Police statement: "It is now clear that the events have a larger scope than previously thought." Still waiting for press con ...
  NP John have a great weekend.
 Debt ceiling debate and nfl labor talks are sadly all too similar right now. 
 RT  Gloria Borger making good point,  agreed to $800B in tax hikes b4 talks broke off
  *cough* fedora *cough*
 RT  The new Winnipeg Jets logo is awesome! A tribute to the Canadian Air Force  VIA 
 Lego star wars on cartoon network right now
  TY Neil!
  congrats Jorge!
  TY :)
   JOHNNY
  Thank you senora!
  TY Cindy! have a great weekend
  except Islamic terrorist have claimed responsibility
  an Islamist group has taken responsibility for the attacks.
  um that in no way doesn't mean he wasn't a Muslim extremist. Race has 0 to do with Religion.
   yes they have > 
 RT  SDCC 2011: A Live Action VOLTRON Movie Is In Development! 
 RT  Disney-fied: Jon Favreau Talks 'Magic Kingdom' & Guillermo Del Toro Discusses 'Haunted Mansion' 
  if you read the tweets from  it will give you a lot of info on what's happening.
  TY guy
 stuff happening in Oslo puts a lot of "news stories" in proper context. Thoughts and prayers for everyone who is in or has family in Norway.
 RT  VIDEO - Man vs Food: ESPN edition - 3 ESPNers take on the Sliders' Hall of Famer challenge (12in tall burger). http:// ...
