  ur in my hood. If u see "the coffee guy" tell em ted said hi.
  they make me want a cocktail.
 Storyland... Day 2. 
 My little buddy getting loopy in the Loopy Lab at Storyland. 
 A "Foxy Lady"          ... 
  How about a beer bus at the Moon Tower?  I can't think of a better incentive.
  whoop whoop!
 Heading back from Springfield. Pockets of damage from the storm but nothing like the June 1st tornado.
  could u hear me talking?
 RT  I do NOT like how this storm looks near Southampton, MA. Looks like it has rotation. NOT a tornado, but dangerous.
  Hey Steve - Do u have any police activity in Wellesley?
 I have the feeling this could be a Springeresque day.
  very kind, thank you!
 Good Morning from Newport, RI.  Kayaking beside my brother as he does the Save the Bay Swim. 
 That was either a large fox or coyote.
 Love turning on the car a/c close to midnight. Homeward bound.
  congrats on new gig -
 BoltBus responds to complaints of NO AC on 5 hour ride to BOS. "We would not transport passengers on a bus where a/c is not available"
  No the Bolt
 Passengers describe bus ride "from hell". Five hours from NYC to BOS w/ out AC. The story at 10 and 11.
  we will c u when u arrive.
  u on the bus coming to Boston?
  are u on the bus that gets into south station around 6:15?
  yes, but probably the only person who will admit it.
  that looks like fun!
  Good thoughts to ur mom.
 Grandmother of 7 week old boy allegedly "slammed" by father says boy is experiencing swelling in the brain. Father in custody.
 A father accused of slamming 7 week old baby to the ground in Malden.  Child in intensive care.  We will have full report at 10 and 11.
  that's just wrong!
  keep up the PMA!  U will rock it!
  My girl! How are u?
 Thanks to  for providing an informative interview.
 Overhead on BPD Scanner: You're going to need your toolbox b/c the caller needs a serious attitude adjustment.
  I never said I didn't like it.
 Picture of Josh Thibodeau. The 12 year old Holden Boy who collapsed and died playing soccer. So sad   
 Police I.D. 12 year old boy who collapsed and died at a Holden youth soccer camp as Josh Thibodeau.
 I know you are in the NFL but you are a back up quarterback and that's why we didn't recognize you. 
 RT  Reports of a plane collision on the runway at Boston Logan Airport. No injuries. 
  thanks Ted! 
 AMBER ALERT IS OVERBaby is Safe - Father is in custody.  
 BREAKING amber alert update: a woman and baby escorted out of home by police NO CONFIRMATION from police 
 Amber Alert Update: NH police are working under the assumption abducted child IS somewhere in Gilsum, NH. Swat here.
 AMBERT ALERT UPDATE: Police, FBI surrounding house in Gilsum, NH believed to be a relative of Matthew Slocum  
 FBI now in Gilsum, NH at the scene where Amber Alert car was discovered.
 RT  BREAKING: AMBER ALERT Police Seeking Suspect, Girlfriend and their Child – Last Seen in Adams, ... 
  thanks for the heads up!
  a wordsmith you are -  Agreed.
 We played trivia in the news room tonight. I won second prize. An "As Seen on TV" teeth whitening system.  
 Before taking a 9 yr old on  "drunk joy ride" a local off-duty cop crashes into a Fitchburg man. Hear from him after All-Star game. 
 "Draino subject" has been located.
 Overheard on police scanner: Man drank a bottle of Draino and ran into the woods.
  thanks sharmaine.  Long time no see!
 It's not supposed to be this hot in Maine.
  does that include berwick?
 We hear   have been spotted in Edgartown.
  if that's the rationale why would you include anything in the lead?
 RT  Airplane at Logan has landed safely.
  It is an important fact in the story. Why wouldn't you include that?
  thanks bro
 RT  With Romney the front-runner, one conservative tells me "we're not looking.  We're shopping" for ... 
  maybe I should start carrying around a giant check.  
  Poor Paul Stein. He just started 2 days ago!
 I would jump out the window! RT   It's kind of like your secretary buzzing you and ... 
  what's up my lady? 
 Unless you have just won the lottery you probably don't want me doing a live shot outside of your home.
 Casey Anthony should call O.J. for golf game.
 It is Florida...
 RT  she may burst into flames “ Nancy Grace is probably breaking things right now.”
 Nancy Grace is probably breaking things right now.
 Back atcha y'all RT  Happy 4th of July to  and 
 RT  Many people couldn't believe it, but an autopsy shows the woman in the Fall River pool died of accidental drowning. So sad.
  u picked a good spot. Will be at 2nd beach tmrw
 Haven't spent this much time in Fall River since that year at Bishop Connolly High School. 
  I wish I knew
  Congrats sean.  Thanks for the offer. Good luck in the job hunt.
  more possible than u may think. Trust me 
  watch at 11. Bizzare.
 Woman drowns in F. River pool Sunday. Body found Tuesday night. Pool open for two days with dead body!! How does that happen? 
  are u buying?  
 Or a stunt double! RT   You should recruit an intern via Twitter. ;)
 Finally coming up for air.   Dinner would be nice!
  U r a too kind!Thanks much.
 Hey 
 Honored to speak w/ family of U.S. Army Spc. Matthew Gallagher of Falmouth.  Gallagher killed in Iraq.    
 Police looking for two males who fled on dirt bikes after child was shot in Dorchester. Child in stable per BPD 
 Reports of a "child shot to the back" in city.  Talbot and Wales. On our way.   
 Runner's HIGH.
  hopefully the dentist will be next.
 Sorry, did I call at a bad time? RT  Extremely drunk caller trying to convince me I ought to do a story ... 
 Fmr. Senate Pres. Billy Bulger  released a statement expressing sympathy to Whitey's victims. 
 RT  One reporter asked asst us attney if Whitey said anything about the 'horrible accents in the Departed' 
 RT  BREAKING: Property managers say Bulger was at apartment for 15 years 
 There were reports of a guy who looked like Whitey robbing banks in California a few years back. 
 RT  Today is a great day in Southie. Bulger bagged. Couldn't be happier & i think most lifelong ... 
 RT  Concord, NH: MVA on Loudon Rd involving a police car, 2 officers reported to be gravely injured. 
 Honored to speak w/Calvin Van De Giesen tonight. His son Kyle died while serving in Afghanistan. His thoughts on draw down at 10 and 11.
  thank you for your comment.
 Have u or loved one served in Afghanistan and agree w POTUS to bring troops home?  Responses may end up on air. 
 RT  If I worked for 9 straight months at the highest level with no break then won some sort of award I'd probably party, too.
  the Steve Bosel pitch was fantastic!  He needs to do that one.
 RT  Announced crowd of 38,422 is largest at Fenway since World War II  
 Caught me w/ my evil look. RT   standing by for the  at 10pm 
  dude we have arrived!  We got retweeted by Phil.
  what what what?  Get out and enjoy it.
  Not sure  is on in BOS anymore.  More reason to keep handing my money over to Phil for my BSP.  7 years now!
 RT  Hit and Run 6/18 at 3am: seeking a gray/silver Chevy Impala w/ front damage.  victim critical. ... 
 What a day! 
 Lots of G and R on the radio tnt.
  I believe it's pronounced pick-a-nick basket
  I want that tree!
  didn't see u - did the bear get u? 
  I'm breaking it wide open tnt!
  are those pictures of the bear from today?
  Can you take some pictures for us?
 Thanks for all great bear suggestions.
 We are going bear hunting w/ a camera NOT a gun. Anybody know any good bear calls?  
 RT  Response to 3 Nira Ave. in Jamaica Plain at 9:05 pm for a rear porch collapse. Confirmed at least ... 
 Mother talks about escalator failure before Bruins parade at Back Bay MBTA station. She says she and son injured
  thanks for the reply.
  Not sure u can answer but what happened to Sbucks and Tassimo?  That's the only reason we bought T machine.
 Time to double down... RT  The Stanley Cup at Foxwoods.   
 Nice pic JB RT  Who has two thumbs and got his picture taken with the Stanley Cup. THIS GUY!!!! 
 Bruins Parade Saturday at 11 am
  we will take the blame and the Stanley Cup.  Thank you
 RT   would have made that save    
  have to disagree. If you liked 1 there's no way you couldn't like two "bitches".
  a winning 2 dollar scratch ticket and throw around some furniture for added effect.
  no thanks!
  ha! the reporter. They told me u had made calls.
  and it could have been you.  
  u will need to check it out online
  thanks Shannon! Jennifer says hi.  
 A dragnet for a group of drag queens.  Surveillance vids of the "ladies" ripping off a local boutique. Yes, this is my story tnt. 
 Nice! Have a good trip.   RT  Heading 2  w/  to root, cheer, & cover the  ... 
  feel better! 
 The GO B's light bright on the Pru is well done. Tried to take a pic but I am rockin a bberry and u know how that goes...
  
 RT   Confirmed Steven Lake shot/killed wife, 2 kids. Charged last year with holding ... 
 In Maine... RT  State police confirm two children, one man, and one woman dead after a standoff in Dexter this morning
  I hope u were singing!
 Not a bad prize considering how bad I played!  Thanks to the folks at the Peter K. Golf tournament.  
  thanks for the heads up! I will email my desk to see if they are interested. Please say hi to our other twitter star 
 The little ones are wild today but they are cracking me up.
 Yes, but I will miss the dark knotty pine cabinets from 1972.  RT   congrats Ted! Great ... 
 Countertop arrives today.  Only a week away from having a kitchen again.   
 RT  Woman found dead at  festival.     
   a little disappointed at the lack of Chimp tweets from both of you.   There are developments.
  Ok, I feel old. Did the same walk at PHS 20 years ago!
 You don't bean Ortiz...
 A game I can actually watch and it's against the Yankees. 
 It's one thing I don't miss about the south but it's also been hot up here RT  Taking live shots from ... 
  thanks dude. That one call was insane!
  pipe down in that little cubicle of yours ;).
  Keep trying kid!  You will get there someday :) 
  a tornado actually has to hit the town for it to count big boy! Better luck next time.  
   
 Only On Fox: Meet the Springfield Police dispatchers who worked the tornado and hear the 911 calls.  They are amazing!  
 Excited to go shoot a great story today with  Hope to have it for you tonight at 6. 
  did u have as much fun as us last night? It's always when ur in the hotseat. Lol
 Getting ready to eat dinner on the roadYes, it was one of those nights!
 People in tornado ravaged Monson can't catch a break. Graduation delayed b/c of suspicious pkg. 
  is on a roll again! 
  I call it like I see it. When u say u r hacked that is the defense u r using. Maybe u should hold a news conference.
  oh, ur pulling a wiener?
  deep thoughts - or so it appears!
  thanks ed. I rebooted and it works.  
 I know that punk! Photo taken in Monson the night of Tornado by  aka aronwilleyphotography.com  
  it's working again but after that I kind of wish it was still stuck.
 What's wrong with "the" Twitter. It won't refresh. I have been looking at the same  tweet for 3 hours.  
 Met this little guy at the Red Cross shelter in Springfield.  At least 200 still homeless.   
  very kind, thanks. Nice to c u and glad u are doing so well!
  thanks for the shout out!  That's my man Aron Willey.
 I have no idea what she is talking about.  Total bizzaro world.
 RT   is almost in  TOP 5 local TV stations on Twitter - Help  get on the list! ... 
 RT  Breaking nws John Edwards indicted. Couldn't have happened to nicer guy 
 Lol RT  Goodmorning Twitches!
 More from Brimfield, MA 
 Wow - Brimfield, MA 
 RT  First Church of Monson needs volunteers to bring gas grills & help serve food at the church.  Lots of food..please spread word!
 RT  How to help tornado victims  
 RT  My assignment today is talin' Palin. If you see  around Boston, give me a tweet! ... 
  are u staying in Springfield?
 New Info: 1 person still "unaccounted for" in Monson, Ma. Town Info officer says they r hopeful  
 First Church of Monson, Ma 
 In Monson, Ma. Pouring rain now. Multiple injuries and active search and rescue from possible Tornado. 
 RT  Dramatic scanner traffic coming out of Springfield, MA area. All area emergency operations in crisis ... 
 Police Scanner indicating confirmed Tornado in Brookfield.
  u should get a refund! Lol
 Boston Police confirm for us BPD Commissioner Ed Davis also questions State Police account at Carson Beach.
 Thanks for talking... RT  Thanks to  and  for coming by the BostInno office today!
 Witnesses: Girls fighting not "gangs" trigger the disturbance Monday at Carson Beach.
 What really happened at Carson Beach and why so many teens were there. Story at 10 and 11
  Hi saw ur tweet on universal hub. Would it be possible to speak with u by phone or email. Thanks!
  Hi, saw ur post on Carson Beach.  Is the social media aspect something you would be able to talk about in a tv interview?
  Thanks for input. You may want to watch story again. We never said 1k people were fighting.
 State Police say this is third day in a row they have responded to Carson Beach for disturbances. 
  I would say yes,but not that many people involved in actual fighting.  
 Officers told to bring their batons to a large disturbance this evening at Carson Beach. Story at 10 and 11 
  my all time favorite was the "Penis for Lunch" sign.  Flashing for 8 hours on Rt 1 in Dedham before they re-set.
  they are on every corner in the Northeast. Good ice coffee.
 It was nice... RT  Rock star lighting at Beacon Hill Studio    
 Just saw  do a full sprint to the camera. Haven't seen a moment like that since that scene in "Broadcast News"
  that's my buddy. She knows what's up.  
  enjoyed the Gingrich story. Well done!
  Of course, but seems contrived to me.   Overseas espresso comes in 1 size. Also, "tall" is english word.It's good marketing.
  yes, but in Seattle not Italy :)
   When at Starbucks instead of "tall" I tell it like it is and say small. I refuse to play the grande game.
   Very nice work Ladies!  Come on home!
 BPD: Woman hit by runaway car on Beacon Hill today suffered life threatening injuries. 
 I think he may have low T.  
   thank you -  We had good intv subjects!
 CNBC Anchor Mark Haines dead at 65.
 Back to Cali for our favorite California girl... RT  RT Behind the scenes at ... 
  will you be hanging with Lance?
 18 months in jail and 20 years of probation for Antonio Carneiro, the former MBTA k-9 cop who starved his dog to death.
 Former MBTA K-9 officer charged with felony animal cruelty sentenced today.  It's a harsh one. Details at 10 and 11.  
 Attn:  a walk in. RT  Person shot to the hand..walk-in to emergency room
 I don't make it to Lawrence as much as I should.  This guy has got skills.  
 Who can I speak with about getting the rapture postponed to at least Tuesday?
  cracking me up today little lady.  
 RT  PHOTO: A makeshift memorial has sprung up at the remote scene where a still unidentified boy's body ... 
  C'mon Ari the Rolling Stones song! "You can't always get what you want."
  thank you Mick Jagger :)
  it's dedham.
 Weston Observatory reports MINOR 1.3 tremor tonight in Nantucket sound. Apparently it was the 2nd tonight.
 Pediatric dental hygientist accused of drug possession on the job. More at 10 and 11 
  Hey Brian,All good here!  Best to u.
 Ok, you got me. RT    hahaha you tell em!
 Robert Nester Marley is telling me there is so much trouble in the world as I drive to work.
  thanks, rockin Goblin right now.
  all good - thanks 
  did u know who tyler the creator was? 
  very kind - thks! 
  greetings!
  thanks - he was a good boy
 U would have loved this oneRT  Looks like  pioneered the tour bus door knock on Newbury Street today.
 I may be getting to old for this :)
  thanks jody.
 R.I.P. to our fat cat Henry.  In the words of James Taylor...It was a lovely ride.
  congrats!
 Rt. 9 west at 128 in Wellesley is closed for a roll over.  Looks bad.
  that worries me - I never got one!
 Pondering a Tetanus shot before this visit to Chucky E. Cheese's.
 Phoebe Prince's mom says defendant Ashley Longe was the only one to acknowledge wrong doing. She says she showed courage.
  my twitter buddy :)
  Yes, a glass of Tampa water.
 Warning: this story will not make you any smarter: RT  This guy doesn't care if you think he's an idiot ... 
  thanks Paul!
 Score one for Sox Security. Guard lays out fan who ran on field. See the hit - hear from fan.  Yes, he talked. ... 
  Twitter blew up with his comment about our day being the 4rth of July. Guy is a wordsmith.
  I liked the thomas friedman intv.
  I needed that laugh
  yes, and Isabelle Masceranas was representing WTSP at that event
 "Celebration" has moved to Common. It's getting loud.
  yes, they are. Mostly college students.
 All heading down Comm Ave
 Kenmore Now 
 Several hundred students in Kenmore shouting "U.S.A.". Many holding American Flags.
 Thoughts and Prayers to all 9/11 families. 
  I think there will be backlash but we can't let that stop us.
 Wikipedia already has Bin Laden as dead (no joke).  They r quick.
  I figure it's safer to put out only first name in case I am wrong.
  let's just hope it's good news!
 Osama?
 Overheard on State Police Scanner Troop E, "Party is driving erratically and towing a large smoking grill".
  Time to get out the peanut butter.
 Home... Finally!
 Krista Dittmeyer's mother, sister and 14 month old baby at tnt's vigil.
 Vigil for Krista Dittmeyer in Bridgton, ME. More tonight at 10 and 11  
 RT  RT  Holy buckets. RT  The Ringgold Tornado!! Unreal picture!!  ... 
 RT  The hearse that pulled into Cranmore Mountain drove up to search scene & parked for 5 minutes then ... 
 Our crew in Conway, NH tells me they just brought a hearse to the area where they were searching for missing mother.
  thanks Steve, I thought that might be the case b/c I work for a local television station.
  I will get u the same thing u got me on national reporters day.
 Nice view of the city from the room where our interview is taking place.  
  hang in there John.
  anyone? anyone?
 "Side shows and carnival barkers" - I think he's talking about the media and Trump.
  I thought u guys did the show out of LA?
 RT  RT  So, it looks like that 'Entourage' movie is a go 
  Hi Chip. Happy Easter.
 Going to see the new Tornado movie at the MOS - Love the Omni Theatre.   
  using that at 11 - thks :)
  I bet she would.
   thanks guys!
 No way. I don't want that job! RT   is going to referee between Bailey and his neighbor!!! LOL
  this has been an interesting night. :)
 don't be sorry. I had a feeling all that back and forth may lead to a little chuckling  
 A senior housing turf war you have to see at 10 and 11. 
  my bad -
  don't have a yearly pass at Darque tan in Revere?
  I am still chuckling over this one
 "The only true currency in this bankrupt world... is what you share with someone else when you're uncool." - Lester Bangs in "Almost Famous"
  cupcakes
 RT  TPD responding to area near ROW on Providence/Stoughton CR line in Canton on report of a body ... 
  I bet Frank is happy "his" section is complete. 
  where have you been? 
 Heard on Boston Police scanner:"She's been dating him for 6 months but only knows him as Smokey."
 FAA tells me it was a catering truck that clipped the wing of Jetblue 464 at Logan today. 
 Anyone on Jetblue 464, the plane clipped by a truck this afternoon at Logan? Please dm or tweet at me. 
  RT  . beef lawsuit dropped 
  Enjoy Pete!
 Boston Marathon near the halfway mark.  Only 13 more to go! 
  Hi there stranger, have a good week!
 Always nice to see the city filled with runners. Good luck tomorrow. 
  congratulations.  
 Princess b-day party for Maggie Velasquez.   
 Yes, I do own a Garden Weasel.  
 There are 7 people walking around my neighborhood carrying "invitations" and holding Bibles.
  that sounds like fun!
 That's exactly what his lawyer brought up in court. 
 Prosecutor on MBTA bus attack suspect Garcia: He was trapped under the bus smoking a cigarette threatening to sue. 
 Good morning  This is like the middle of the night for a guy who normally works in the evening.
  Oh, sweet Jesus.
 Ok, Ok - I am up!
  should have said hi...now go and get dry
 RT  MSP, Medford PD searching door-to-door in Fellsway area for missing 13-year-old boy. Anyone ... 
  love that show 
  says he wants u to walk behind him at 11.  RT  I had the urge to walk up the hill and ... 
  Nice. Do you know DJ Scratch Nutz?  His wi-fi is protected.  
 Looking at all the available WI-FI where I am at. My favorite so far is DJ SCRATCH NUTZ.
  OMG great job!
  If ur serious we would like to speak with u.
  disarmed and disrobed.  Nice guy!
 Anyone on the MBTA bus that crashed on Dudley?  Please DM or tweet at me. 
 RT  Boston, MA: Technical rescue being requested for 370 Dudley St. for a MBTA bus into a building w/ people trapped. 
 RT  Today is the first day back on Entourage for out last season, will hit u guys with stuff ( as much as they let me)...
  that's great! Congrats
 Hoped to catch the end of the Sox game after work but it's over! We needed that.  
 RT   PLEASE help by retweeting my non profit! www.photosforcures.com 100% to st ... 
 Back at work and back on the twitta. Hope everyone had a nice weekend.  
 I would love to but my door knock hand is a little sore from holding my cocktail. Next time though... RT ... 
  U know it well down here. Hung with a few WTSP'ers during the trip.
 Waiting for what should be a nice sunset.  
 RT  Just in! We're giving away a set of 4 tix to Sat's Sox-Yankees game to a FB Friday skier! Chk the ... 
  like it 
  suggestions?
 That's the next line in the BM song u have in twitter bio. RT  “  so hit ... 
  so hit me with music..... 
 Still flying his colors in Fl.  despite the rough start.  
  Sarasota, FL. Today is a nice one!
 Sorry, Couldn't resist.  
 Ortiz.
   Without them we would be a radio station.
  Appreciated, have a good weekend
 Good night and Good luck. This guy has some time off!
  You are on a roll tonight!
 Another hypodermic needle brought to another elementary  school. Details at 10 and 11. 
 4 minutes away from live. 
  My older brother and his friends used to make me eat ABC gum. 
  maybe for virtual burgers and beers? Yummy.
  thanks, hope you enjoyed it.  
 Just made by  appearance but I didn't even get to see it.
 Supt: 2nd Grader brings hypodermic needle to school. Pricks himself and classmate. More on F25 at 10 and 11
  RT  65 Sprague St, HP, Caller received grenades via UPS. Bomb Squad responding.
 RT  What does panicking about snow do? You can't clear the roads or shovel your walks or not go to work in advance... :)
  1602 - nice mano
  that trial was especially tough due to the circumstances.
 More from the foreman of the Christopher Gribble jury tonight at 10 and 11. 
  can I get one of those? 
  thanks Craig. Appreciate it.  
  thanks Mark. Seemed like a very decent guy.
  many thanks 
 Thanks  - Have to thank  for laying the ground work for the interview.
 Gribble jury foreman: "If I saw David Cates on the street I would give him a hug."
 For the first time hear from a juror on the Christopher Gribble trial. It will be worth ur time. Fox 25 - 10 and 11. 
  cyclobenzaprine  cyclobenzaprine 
 "Dignified and graceful" - so true ...RT  Extremely moving impact statement by David Cates.
  it's automatic 
  Family is amazing and so are the people in Mont Vernon who wrapped up them up in love in Support.
  Guilty on all counts 
 Bye, Bye Christopher Gribble
 Crime scene techs arrive at Webster home where woman suffered fatal injuries earlier today. Full report at 10 and 11
 RT  Air traffic controller back on the job   
 Controller who let his kids talk with pilots in JFK tower is back at work. FAA not saying what if any disciplinary action taken. 
 Reports of a tour bus roll over in Littleton, NH. Multiple ambulances requested.   
 At the Gypsy Cafe after some nice spring skiing. Thanks for the tip 
  diet soda of all things.  It was just a script read but I will be interested in seeing how it's put together.
 Ok, the holidays are officially over! I am taking down my Christmas lights today. 
 RT  RT  0130Z update: Malta ACC reporting that Tripoli ACC is not accepting any further traffic UFN 
 Just in case ur working inside today. And u can feel it 
  I am not sure if I replied about media tweet-up. Let me know if u do it
 I am not a doctor - and I don't play one on tv - but I did just tape a segment for the  show 
 RT  Dr Oz need to cut his mess with them psychics
  I was already made aware by Ward. It's been noted 
  U as well.
  U could have included  in ur Rockefeller tweet but u didn't. No boo for you.
 Looks like Lifetime will have to do an alternate ending for the "Clark Rockefeller" tv movie.
 "Clark Rockefeller" charged in California murder in 1985. 
  thanks Jenny.  I passed your info on to the booker who is planning the segment.   
 Thanks! I am forwarding this info to   He will be booking. RT   didn't ... 
  do u know anyone who went to sxsw who can be live guest on our news Fri to talk about all the cool stuff they saw. Did u go?
  thanks! Glad u liked it.  
   RT  Boston, MA: u/d US Air flight landed safely, alert canceled, units clearing.
   RT  Boston, MA: Alert at Logan for inbound US Air Flight with a reverse ... 
 FOX 25 News at 6:30 launches tonight. Come on over!
  thanks jim 
 Middleton FD: No environmental or airborne threat from explosion at Bostik plant. STILL monitoring   
 Mass State Police say 4 injured at Bostik explosion. No word on how serious.
 Radio Reports: At least 3 patients taken to Beverly Hospital from Bostik explosion
