 RT  Basics of wine tasting...great article...    RT 
  Color 
  The influence of French and US made barrels 
 RT  ♬ Merle Haggard - Little Old Wine Drinker Me ♬  
 RT  The  Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via  
 RT  10   Where the View Is as Good as the  -    
 RT   Bloggers Conference Selects  To Host 2012 Event - State Has 850  , 420  - . ...
 RT  First  le 24.09:  et   via  NdR: I´ll be there for  ...
 See my  post about  and my Southern Oregon Wine Map at  Thanks.
 RT  Wine Blogger will meet in Portland Oregon next year. Will be good to get exposure for Northwest wines. 
 RT  Curry County Fair in Gold Beach this weekend.  Oregon wine tasting all day Saturday. 
 RT  Inside the caves with Kelly Fleming of Calistoga's Kelly Fleming Wines. 
 RT  Next Friday and every Friday this summer for the Grower's Market from 4-7pm at RoxyAnn. Live music.   ...
 Southern Oregon Wine Tasting with Dr. Adesman 
 RT   Coasters shouldn't miss a drive inland to the Southern Oregon World of Wine Festival, Aug 24-27: http:/ ...
 RT   Come celebrate southern Oregon's wine industry beating the recession! 
 RT  Getting really excited about the Southern Oregon Tweetup tomorrow! 
 RT  TapIn Bets Google Maps Can Save Local News  
 Kasmir-Led Zeppelin 
 Foxy Lady-Jimi 
 Brick House- The Commodores 
 Shining Star-Earth,Wind,and Fire 
 Good Day Sunshine- The  
 I'm Only Sleeping- The  
 And Your Bird Can Sing-The  
 Girl-The Beatles 
 RT  Oregonians...July 19th  Britt Festival, Jacksonville  ,   tix on sale now ...
 RT  download our Live in the Studio session   here:
 RT  perform tonight  with  and  ...9:30pm, nice nice nice
 RT  this WED at the Tin House:  ! Watch them here: 
 RT  The "Farm-to-school" bill passes the Senate this morning.  It now heads to Governor Kitzhaber's desk...  
 RT  Noreen Connolly's win-a-trip blog on African veggie gardens to battle malnutrition: 
 RT  QR Code Business Card Inspiration: 40 Great QR Code Business Cards 
 RT  OK, this is just going too far: New Dutch Coins to Get QR Codes 
 RT  The September/October issue of Northwest Travel will feature Rogue Valley wines.  
 RT  Until 2001, the Applegate Valley was just part of the Rogue Valley AVA, but now it's an AVA of its own.   ...
 RT  Gilroy Hot Springs and geothermal energy - Gilroy Dispatch  
 RT  Collaboration Among Industry Participants is Critical to the Success of Electric Vehicles  
 RT  2011 OSF Green Shows (schedule, times, dates): Green Shows, across the street from the Oregon Shakespeare Festiv... ht ...
 RT  Please support our troops, friends. Rolling Thunder tribute here   New pics nxt wk, I promise.
 RT  We're off to DC for Rolling Thunder.  Please support our troops, friends.  BLESS'EM ALL!
 RT  Google Maps 5.5 for Android Fixes things and Adds Features  
 RT  50 yrs. ago, Pres. Kennedy put NASA on a bold path, challenging the nation to do what was then impossible:  ...
 New Blondie video  Awesome as ever!
 RT  Google Maps updated for Android, iPhone  
 RT  Solar plane's first international flight Video 
 RT  Clever use of a QR code > Interactive Resume with QR Code 
 RT  Crowdsourcing Street Trees: A new online tool uses the power of crowdsourcing to "map, inventory, and preserve t...  ...
 RT  RT  Haley Barbour not running in 2012 after a poll shows only 6% name recognition among members of his i ...
 Tom Petty live on Sirius XM now XM Deep Tracks Ch 40 !
 RT  RT  Air Force Reservists Called To Fight Mexico Wildfire  
 Monty Python - Always Look on the Bright Side of Life 
 Jimi Hendrix-Little Wing  
 Craig Chaquico- Sunset Alter  
 Jimi Hendrix- May This Be Love 
 Sade - Cherish the Day 
 Sade-Kiss of Life (live) 
 RT  the last  president to balance the  was Eisenhower, the top tax rate was 91%, top tax rate today is 31%
  History of deficits  Hmm, seems to be a pattern there.
 RT  The Lucas Cates Band has a show coming up on 04/10/2011 at 05:00 PM  JEST... in SCOTTSDALE, AZ 
 RT  TLCB plays at the Jester Room at Pranksters Too in Scottsdale AZ THE NEXT TWO NIGHTS! TONIGHT 830-1030 tomoro 5-7ish ...
 David Linden's new book exploring the biology of vice & virtue  Very interesting blog!
 RT  Ashland Independent Film Festival: the roguish Harry Shearer, the ... 
 RT  There are several 1000 extra people in our little town of Ashland for  Writers, directors, actors, all spending ...
 RT  The importance of Twitter in healthcare communications by   (via 
 RT  So much shooting this week with full choir, band, lighting effects. My new movie Joyful Noise is going to be Amazing!
 Cafe Carnival -Craig Chaquico   Mardi Gras
 Take me to the Mardi Gras - Bob James 
 RT  daily reminder: Boycott Koch ➜ Georgia-Pacific products: Vanity Fair, Quilted Northern, Angel Soft, Sparkle, Brawny, Mardi  ...
 RT  Pictures of world's largest LGBT parade Mardi Gras in Sydney and Rio's first night of the Carnival   ...
 Southern Oregon 
  Oregon online business directory of Farmer'sMarkets,farms and local producers.
 RT  RT  Michelle Obama's anti-obesity campaign riles up conservatives 
   Monterey  -Rock me  Baby  
   Monterey -Wind Cries Mary 
  -Manic Depression  
    -3rd  Stone  
   - Bold as Love  
   - Boots  
   -If 6 was 9   
    -If 6 Was 9  From Easy Rider 
  's BD! The interview with Weird Al 
  's BD! Smother's Bros appearance 
  's BD!  Wilbury's She's My Baby 
  's BD! Wilbury's Handle With Care 
  's BD! What is life? 
  BD! Got my Mind Set on You 
  's 68th BD ! Beware of Darkness live w Leon Russel  (still good advice)
 RT  George Harrison would have been 68 today. Read Rolling Stone's cover story on his 1987 comeback. 
 RT  The "Concert for George Harrison" is streaming NOW (and for the next 24 hours).  Go here to watch:   ...
 RT  CNN - Deep Crimes Against Humanity in Libya (     RT
 RT   ENGLISH LPC: "Head of security joined protesters, left vacuum in security."    . ...
 RT  IbnOmar2005  news from  he will translate in english too 
 RT  Audioboo: ENGLISH LPC: "Head of security joined protesters, left vacuum in security."      ...
 RT  RT  :o)  RT    =) RT  ReTweet unto others as u would have them ReTweet unto u!!! :-)
 RT  RT  The Big Picture scores again: a brilliant photo gallery from events in Egypt:  [agree ...
 RT  Power to the people of  who have taught us once again what courage and freedom are all about. Welcome to democra ...
 RT  By conservative estimate just over 300 people died for this moment of change in 
 RT  The world only gets better because people risk something to make it better. Congrats Egypt
 RT  just had a chilling moment watching the crowds celebrate in Tahrir - remembering we watched people fight and die there  ...
 RT  “Brothers & sisters of  you have given the world the most precious gift: the belief that ultimately right will pre ...
 RT  Jimmy Carter: What next for    
  Sam the Sham & the Pharaohs "Ring,dang, do"   is a great blessing
 RT  Power to the people of  who have taught us once again what courage and freedom are all about. Welcome to democra ...
 RT  Egypt Today is a free and proud nation. God bless
 RT  Obama finally gets it right. Pitch perfect speech embracing people power in  while acknowledging challenges.
  celebrates  via  
 RT  "Welcome back Egypt"-  (the Google exec,key organizer of online campaign that sparked the protests) 
 RT  NBCNews: Mubarak resigned under military pressure say US officials. Senior military turned on Mubarak last (cont)  ...
 RT  :) everything changes " Egyptian state TV is broadcasting Aljazeera instead of its usual programming.   ...
 RT  America's revolution was improbable, disorganized, uncertain, fractious, incremental — and successful. 
 RT  Reuters: Obama to make statement on Egypt at 3 p.m. EST   
 RT  In his next deluded attempt to win public support, Mubarak will send shirtless photos of himself to all Egyptians.
  have you seen this? You predicted this hours ago    You were right,didn't work! 
 The Federalist Papers  
 This wasn't easy but thank God it's still working pretty well (United_States) 
 RT  Egypt will explode. Army must save the country now
 RT  The Best Egyptian Protest Signs.  "Who's afraid of Twitter?!"  via 
 RT  SPOT Connect device: potentially a great scaffold technology for social media in disaster. . 
 RT   Did a back country test in CO w/great results. SPOT Connect is awesome.  Stop by our s ...
 RT  Make your smartphone a satellite transmitter of texts,emails, SOS calls with your lat/long with SPOT Connect http:/ ...
 RT  Also 2nite! RT  Playing a show in Portland, OR at 8:00 PM today at Mt. Tabor Theatre 
 New DHS threat level changing from color code this April  
 RT  President Obama in  speech: 'This is our generation's Sputnik moment' - more updates, images at Breaking News htt ...
  Accepted, thank you Mr. Mike.
 RT   warnings are mainly due to brief spin-ups along the leading edge of this squall line:    
 RT  Tornado outbreak unfolding over the Florida peninsula:  
  I've heard it's only polite to attribute where you get the information you Tweet sir.
 RT   Orlando,Florida NOAA radar poss tornadoes   
 RT    NOAA Orlando,Florida weather forecast / warnings 
 RT    Weatherunderground radar Orlando,Florida area   
 RT     current Lightningstorm map 
 RT  Healthy snack at the White City Club. 
  Rainbow of Hope Concert 4 Boys &Girls Clubs with Gentle Thunder  Pictures from moonlit evening 8-21-10
 RT  We're approaching 65% lake level!!
 RT  Film grads moving back to Ashland as industry grows: "As far as small towns in Oregon go, it's definitely the mo... http: ...
 Bob Marley-Iron Lion Zion 
 RT  YES. I have waited forever for one of these. RT  Oh God. Please no.. >>  DIY bacon candle h ...
 RT  The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes... Everyone have a good ...
  Finally! US renews contract with spotted ground squirrels 
 RT  I believe in miracles, do you?
 RT  While My Guitar Gently Weeps - George Harrison 
 I subscribed to blofeld39's channel on YouTube. 
 Taco-Putting on the Ritz  Very cool video with Fred Astaire and Young Frankenstein crew
 I liked a YouTube video -- Puttin' on the Ritz 
 Harry Nilsson-Driving Along 
 Harry Nilsson-Coconut 
 RT  For The Love of Harry, a web site devoted to all things Harry Nilsson, who we lost 17 yrs ago today. 
 RT  January is Mt. Ashland Mocha month here at Noble, with .50 from every mocha going to kids' programs at Mt. A... http:// ...
 RT  Excited to be packing up the rig to bring some Noble Coffee goodness to SF and the  
 RT  here we go...winners to be announced tomorrow! 
 RT  Sneak peak at presenters tonight - Sandor Katz, June Taylor, and more! 
 RT  Here we are in the Ferry Building in SF for the first ever  
 RT  Ducks lose but bars win big  
 RT  why is QUACK QUACK QUACK trending? it reminds me of  prayer circle before every show :p
 RT  The only person I know who's cheering for Auburn actually went to Auburn.  
 RT   agree
 RT  Raise your hand if you're surprised that Auburn's playing dirty... Nobody? 
 RT  Now I gotta go listen to this "All In", "We are Family", "Lean on Me", garbage from Coach Chizik.  Freak'n broken recor ...
 RT  Between Auburn's safety orange and Oregon's neon yellow, I'm predicting no players get hit by cars tonight. 
 RT   needs to find a way to communicate over  extremely loud uniforms  
 RT  2nd Quarter: Offenses come to life, just like OSN predicted.  
 RT  Oregon 11, Auburn 7 with 11 minutes left in the first half.   
 11-7 DUCKS 
 RT  Oregon outgaining Auburn 125-21...
 RT  WooHoo  RT  Oregon strikes first with field goal. Auburn 0, Oregon 3
 RT  First quarter time of possession... Oregon 9:56 to Auburn 5:04. I wouldn't have predicted that.  
 USA Today live blog of Oregon vs Auburn  must refresh often 
 Cam Newton has -1 yards of total offense. He is2-4 for 12 yards. 4 carries for -13 yards. USA Today 
 :48 left, 1st: Oregon's fast-paced offense is terrorizing Auburn's defense at the moment.  ESPN
 RT  first photo gallery posted from     
 RT  BCS Championship game tonight at 8:30! Go Ducks! Quack Quack!
  Donald Duck-Blame it on the Samba 
  Donald Duck Meets the Gorilla in french 
 RT  Yesterday's fast is today's slow.  This is what speed looks like.    
 RT  BEST DAY OF MY LIFE. just performed in front of 25,000 people. People were on parking garage rooftops watching!  ...
 Yesterday's Fast is Today's Slow 1 -10-11  Nike's next add  
 RT  Everyone follow  she's done a great job reporting on the  the past year and is a good friend of mine.  ...
 RT  RT  "If you believe in karma, it's the Tostitos bowl and my name is Chip." -Chip Kelly LMAO! 
 RT  Hanging out in a dive bar near hotel. 50/50 Ducks and Tigers. Fun! 
 RT  Backstage with Nick & Otis Day & the Nights at University of Oregon Pep Rally ! 
 RT  Hanging out today with the University of Oregon Cheerleeders ! Life does not suck 
 RT  "Irish" Micky Ward 
 RT  “ Got a high five and a "Don't fuck with the ducks." from Sebastian Bach!  -- Legendary.
  Really Big O on Camelback Mtn in Phoenix  
  Camelback Mtn has the biggest swoosh ever  
 RT  Canzano: It's time for the Ducks to quiet the War Eagle cries: Oregon's fast-paced offense will be too much for ...  ...
  Just Do It  seen on Camelback Mtn tonight in Phoenix   
 RT  Tons of National Championship hype on ESPN. Call me bias, but it's all about the DUCKS! 
 RT   2011 was huge and amazing. So 2011 is Android's year! 
 RT   you'd like this John  Check out this really cool pizza cutter from   cc/   ...
 RT  RT  Customers: people you need to start treating like ROCK STARS, since they currently possess ur futur ...
 RT  RT  Listen to customers as intently as you listen to Pink Floyd’s “Dark Side of the Moon”.    ...
 RT  TLCB just added a Chicago show this week-- grab your friends, jump in the car and meet us at The Elbo Room on Thursd ...
 RT   Google Maps is your friend...always.
 Robert Johnson=Sweet Home Chicago  
 Blues Brothers-Sweet Home Chicago  In 1977 Belushi said his dream was to be a singer
 David Bowie-Fame  Soul Train
 Johnnie Taylor- Disco Lady   from Soul Train
 The Cars-Shake It Up  
