 RT  We’re declaring the BIGGEST EA GAMES SALE EVER this weekend. Massive deals. Multiple platforms.  
 Happy National Chocolate Covered Raisin Day! - 
 $25 for a $50 Membership to  Public Radio - 
 RT  Homeless man w/ golden radio voice - 
 RT  Stop  from shutting down the Hollywood Farmers' Market! -   - Please RT
  Best Cookbook Photography 
   ANSWER:   
 RT: Great Review!  Thanks   --> RT this & follow  for chance 2 win dinner for 2 at Cleo
 Celebrate Mystère's 8,000th Show with 8,000 Messages of Love.  
 Jst had 2 deal w/ em yesterday. THEY ARE THE WORST! RT    thanx 4 keeping me on hold longer than any other cust.serv
 RT  Win dinner & wine for 2 at The Bazaar  on 10/9 courtesy of   RT this message to win! (rules: )
 RT  Did U know a $25 receipt can get U in   AFTERPARTY  Industry? New outfit & FREE party? Yes Please!
 RT w/  & follow  2 enter 2 win a pair of front row tix to Fashion's Night Out LA opening ceremony and fashion show
 RT  Follow  & RT this w/  to get 30% off our best available rate. [stays arriving btwn 9/2 – 9/6]
 RT  The Bazaar will be  ! RT this & follow  for a chance to win a pair of tix to The Taste of BH by  
 RT  Redbury hotel getting dolled up Hollywood-style! Scheduled to open by end of the month. - 
 RT  SimCity Deluxe Scavenger Hunt -   -RT 4 chance 2 win  for iphone/ipod! -US Only
 RT  Update: Zelda - Essence of Melon (Girlz Melon)  ...
 Eminem is on a whole other level... Come back city. God Bless America!
 RT  Movie Trailer: "Piranha 3D" | See it here: 
 RT   Juelz Santana über Lil Wayne, Reagan Era <b>Mixtape</b> und neues Album <b>...</b> htt ...
 Great FILMS in the Toronto Film Festival. Check em out.. 
 RT  Cheat on your partner & get busted,, even if they stay,, they're pretty much gone.. 
 Laugh your way through the week.
 Check out Nas and Damien Marley! Man they put on a funky show.. TRUE KNOCKIN!
 What a woman can do to a man...... ahem Mel.
 They call me Mr. A to Z, they say I'm all about the wordplay.
 May the wind always be at your back, the sun shine on your face, and may the winds of destiny carry you aloft to dance with the stars.
 I WANT TO WIN! RT  Win Hot Tub Time Machine on DVD Follow/RT  !
 haha!  Shelley Oceans looks into Kim Kardashian's cooter!  
 Was Memorial Day BBQ a success? My body says it was.
 Want to know what its like trying to be an actor in this town... well this is pretty dead on  
 Sumatran 2-Year Old Smokes 40 Cigarettes A Day 
 RT  Check out the trailer to the only official World Cup game for iPhone & iPod touch, FIFA WORLD CUP! 
  is AMAZING! Best dogs in Hollywood! 
  Sign up with Luck Strike Hollywood & get a secret phrase for free bowling, free shoes, free food, and more
 Hey  I want you to  put my name in the game!  
 I love TETRIS!  What is the  ?
 RT  Check out the Robin Hood Lionhearts Initiative . $$ for folks that help worthy causes.
 'LA Flowers'  by  
  ID 3414 
 RT  Follow  and RT to receive a FREE MP3 download of the title track to Jimi Hendrix' "Valleys Of Neptune."
  can't follow everyone, but i sure do catch some really interesting tweets!  Lists help follow specific groups! =)
 Universal is giving away a total of $40,000 to a “Lionheart” and their charity 
 this is going be a long day... breakfast burrito, check.  2 cups of coffee, check.
 RT  Check out Chris Dreyer, Product Manager at EA Mobile, talking about the Human Tetris Project on ABC News: 
 RT  Follow  and RT this for a chance to win one of 15 iTunes gift cards (US Store Only)!  
 RT  Follow  and RT this for a chance to win one of 15 iTunes gift cards today! 
 if i don't use it... will i lose it?   I hope not.
 RT  To the woman with magnificent breasts who just walked by: Please let me know when you plan to go to a pool. - haha!
  -    My new Spore Creature!
 RT  head over to  to bid on the County's single members.  Ooo lala 
  are you guys doing anything for Valentine's Day? =)
 RT  RT this for a chance to win a free lap dance at our Chinese New Year Celebration this Sat Feb 13th 
 anyone see that rainbow over LA yesterday?  pretty cool to see it from different part of the city:  
 RT  Wanna learn how to drift? Check out the exclusive NFS: SHIFT Tips video on our Facebook Page 
 RT  RT this with  to be entered for a chance to win a MADDEN 10 game for the console of your choice!
  haha! the freedom is nice... but I've had it for too long.  Last year I called my mom she told to me to go get a girlfriend..
  it hard to dismiss it... i mean everywhere you go... pink hearts, chocolate boxes, flowers, couples...
 What should I do on Valentine's Day Weekend?  
 What should a single guy like myself do on such a dreaded day as Valentine's Day?
  interesting... I might check  out Pride & Prejudice... isn't it a movie also?
  "if this girl is willing to be with this guy, he must be worth something" - that makes sense...
  haha!  I like that!
 so many more girls wanna talk to you when they see you with another girl... i don't get it...
  haha!  Yeah I'll be posting on how that goes...
  ugh thats so unfair!
 These guys are great with advice!      
  I like the church choir idea.. not doing internet dating.  i'd rather not face the possibility of getting rejected online.
  hmmm I was hoping that dancing/singing would not be required to meet girls. Is that what guys really have to do these days?
  haha thanks!  unfortunately i can't sing or dance.  i need to find another niche.
  haha!  okay... what you got?
  would i have to use hair product... cause that might not work for me...
  boy band... oh boy! I was hoping it wouldn't come to this
  no, but i'm on FB 
  having all those options won't help.... i need places that work.  Library?  Yoga Class?  Gym? Gym doesn't really work...
 someone told me that not trying and not looking for a girl will get you girls... i've tried that for the last 6 months.  didn't work.
 where and how is the best way to meet SINGLE girls?
  yes if she's with her man that makes sense... but I see these girls all the time going out all dolled up but in relationships
  Avatar was fantastic!  Agreed love the 'smurfette' haha!
  haha! Thanks!
 I apologize for that last tweet... i'm a little frustrated after last night...
 Why is it so difficult to meet girls at a bar?  If you're in a relationship why are you wearing that short skirt and dancing like a hoe?
   red
 RT  Brain scans of Tetris players show the game trains people to use their brains more efficiently
 People say its easier to meet people when you're by yourself... don't think thats the case.  They just think something's wrong with you.
  I saw Up in The Air.  Great movie!... Just not much fun watching it by yourself.... but an interesting experience
 Went to see a movie at a theater this weekend by myself... not so much fun going by yourself. ugh.
 ugh rain all week...
 listen to Maino - TigerWoods on  
  mmm throwing up a burrito....
  haha. LOL!
  Up in the Air - fantastic film!
  37 - 21 bama win
 Nominate yourself or a friend for a Fame Award and win a trip to NYC! 
 Way to go EA! - Tiger Woods and EA Sports Stay Friends to Stay Profitable: 
  haha! I agree
 "The suspicious material that shut down the Bakersfield airport was 5 soft drink bottles filled with honey" - seriously?
 What if you could drink endlessly and stay buzzed but never get sloppy?: 
 2011 Ford Mustang GT Officially Rolls With A 5.0 V8: 
 RT  SnapTax From TurboTax Will Let You File Your Taxes From Your iPhone (If You Live In CA) 
 Top 10 iPhone apps for getting fit 
 Just overheard in SF: "That sign says 'DNA Lounge.' That's what I'm going to call my underwear." I laughed. I'm not ashamed to say I laughed
 RT  We still have a few Hangover prizes left over 2 giveaway.  RT this message for your chance to win exclusive Hangover prizes
 Happy New Year!
 I can't believe it's taken me THIS long to get into How I Met Your Mother. Who knew a CBS 3-camera sitcom could be so fucking great?
 so bored at work, even the internet has exhausted itself in entertainment value.
 "Exercise increases energy levels and increases serotonin in the brain, which leads to improved mental clarity"
