 What can NZT do for you? 
 RT     for having the best sale ever!
 RT  We’re declaring the BIGGEST EA GAMES SALE EVER this weekend. Massive deals. Multiple platforms.  
 Happy National Chocolate Covered Raisin Day! - 
 $25 for a $50 Membership to  Public Radio - 
 RT  Homeless man w/ golden radio voice - 
 Sometimes you just have to ask yourself... What Would Machete Do?? 
 jingle bells, jingle bells, lets all get drunk 
 FUCK THIS RAIN!!!!   I'm still raging the  tonight!
 RT  Stop  from shutting down the Hollywood Farmers' Market! -   - Please RT
  Best Cookbook Photography 
 RT  CONTEST ALERT: Win dinner for 2 at XIV-  Twitter Trivia Tournament starts tomorrow! - 
 RT  Great review   - RT this & follow  for chance 2 WIN dinner for 2 at Cleo!
 RT: Great Review!  Thanks   --> RT this & follow  for chance 2 win dinner for 2 at Cleo
 RT  We have 5 pairs of tickets to the  to giveaway! First 5 FOLLOWERS to RT this WIN!  Use 
 RT  Win Tickets to the LA Auto Show! - Tonight  The COLONY -  -  
 Celebrate Mystère's 8,000th Show with 8,000 Messages of Love.  
  So how do I get into the lounge?
 RT  Win dinner & wine for 2 at The Bazaar  on 10/9 courtesy of   RT this message to win! (rules: )
 RT  Did U know a $25 receipt can get U in   AFTERPARTY  Industry? New outfit & FREE party? Yes Please!
 RT w/  & follow  2 enter 2 win a pair of front row tix to Fashion's Night Out LA opening ceremony and fashion show
 RT  Follow  & RT this w/  to get 30% off our best available rate. [stays arriving btwn 9/2 – 9/6]
 RT  Follow  and RT this to receive $50 off tickets to The Taste of Beverly Hills!   
 RT  The Bazaar will be  ! RT this & follow  for a chance to win a pair of tix to The Taste of BH by  
 RT  Redbury hotel getting dolled up Hollywood-style! Scheduled to open by end of the month. - 
 RT  SimCity Deluxe Scavenger Hunt -   -RT 4 chance 2 win  for iphone/ipod! -US Only
 RT  RT  Just remember, when you think all is lost, the future remains. B. Goddard     ...
 You're able to deposit checks via Iphone...I see a bad moon risin...
 Had myself a nice Mad Men Friday.... hello weekend
 RT  Denton Ramsey: Roy Oswalt Traded to Phillies: Who Wins Now, Who Wins Later?[...] 
 RT  Kanye West Finally Has A F*cking Twitter  
 RT  Gilliam to direct Arcade Fire webcast - 
  Those who rise to the challenge, will challenge those who refuse to rise.   True knockin.
 We can't change the world, unless we change ourselves..
 Home run derby and All-Star Game we're great! Saw Big Papi take it home, then saw my NL brethren get some work done! Good days in Anaheim!
 Dodgers! Way to end the first half of the season in winning fashion. Go BLUE!
 Mountain biking today. Summon my core to succeed!
 Looking forward to see what is the result of the violently brilliant film that is "Predators"!!
 Eminem tops the charts 2 weeks in a row! Don't call it a comeback, call it a Recovery. My boy!
 Hope is a good thing. Maybe the best of things. And no good thing ever dies..
 It's been quite the disappointing summer for movies. With all hopes, Christopher Nolan will wipe away my flopping tears.
 I WANT TO WIN! RT  Win Hot Tub Time Machine on DVD Follow/RT  !
  USA! 
 RT  MADDEN NFL 11 will include NFL's new OT rules: 
 Having a short work week is the second best part of a long weekend.
 Best breakfast in Hollywood!  Ponchik Factory! 
 RT  Check out the trailer to the only official World Cup game for iPhone & iPod touch, FIFA WORLD CUP! 
 Farm Animals on Acid  
  the iPhone!
  Sign up with Luck Strike Hollywood & get a secret phrase for free bowling, free shoes, free food, and more
 Hey  I want you to  put my name in the game!  
 I love TETRIS!  What is the  ?
 RT  Check out the Robin Hood Lionhearts Initiative . $$ for folks that help worthy causes.
 'LA Flowers'  by  
 RT  Follow  and RT to receive a FREE MP3 download of the title track to Jimi Hendrix' "Valleys Of Neptune."
 Universal is giving away a total of $40,000 to a “Lionheart” and their charity 
 CALLING ALL LIONHEARTS! We're helping spread the word about the ROBIN HOOD: LIONHEARTS program!  
 RT  2010 FIFA WORLD CUP coming to iPhone and iPod touch!  Check out a few screenshots: 
 RT  Follow  and RT this for a chance to win one of 15 iTunes gift cards (US Store Only)!  
 RT  Follow  and RT this for a chance to win one of 15 iTunes gift cards today! 
  thats interesting... didn't see any cops.  just 'futbol' fans
 RT  Looks like Rock Band is in the lead for Best EA Mobile game of 2009:  >>> My vote is for MADDEN!
 going to the Cat and Fiddle for lunch.  Stop by for a drink if you're in the area.
 RT  Dont forget to twitpic your Spore Creatures for chance to win MASS EFFECT 2 & THE SIMS 3 WA. Include  &  ...
  -    Fat Spotted Devil!
    - love the blog guys!
 RT  head over to  to bid on the County's single members.  Ooo lala 
 RT  RT this for a chance to win a free lap dance at our Chinese New Year Celebration this Sat Feb 13th 
  haha!  okay.... deal!
  Is it a free lap dance for any time... or for an event?
 RT  RT this with  to be entered for a chance to win FREE LAP DANCES!!
 awesome compilation of pics of yesterday's rainbow from different part of LA: 
 RT  Wanna learn how to drift? Check out the exclusive NFS: SHIFT Tips video on our Facebook Page 
 some people are just not very nice on twitter...
  fine I guess I won't follow you cause 
  its nice for a few minutes...haha... but everyone gets so weird in LA when it rains.
 this rain seriously needs to end
   RED!
 RT  Did you know playing Tetris can lead to more efficient brain activity?
 It feels like everyone is watching Idol right now...
  mochi is so good.  love the mango!
 What are good substitutes for smoking cigs at social events?
  mochi ice cream from Trader Joes?!?!?!
  Just get in the habit of going to the gym every day.  Then it'll be like brushing your teeth... not a big deal.
 To really fight off pounds, you need at least 12 minutes of continuously moderate to high-intensity activity each time you workout
 Gym. Tan. Laundry.
 RT  Calls for Haiti donations spread thru social Web - WJLA: NEW YORK - Calls for donations spread through social medi. ...
 Ketchup and Mustard: The Most Epic Condiment Story Ever Told 
  12:27pm... dont know if that helps. i prolly should have have replied earlier! =)
 Crank up the incline to firm up your derriere and rev up your calorie burn by up to 60 percent.
  yeah its nice.  the weather is great. but other than that its really like living anywhere else once you're busy with work
 Research finds that exercisers burn 10 percent more calories when they walk or run outdoors than they do on a treadmill at the same speed.
 Nominate yourself or a friend for a Fame Award and win a trip to NYC! 
  that's awesome!  What you moving out here for?
 Way to go EA! - Tiger Woods and EA Sports Stay Friends to Stay Profitable: 
 RT  45 Manly Hobbies: 
  yeah its not far from calabasas. 30 mins without traffic... but usually its almost an hour to get to hollywood.  where u from?
 "Heavy weights create more protein breakdown in the muscle, so your body has to use more energy to repair and recover" - A.Caterisano, PhD
 Nexus One vs Droid vs iPhone [Comparison Chart] - 
 "Im addicted 2 success. The one problem though is there's no rehab for success. So I want 2 stay on top as long as possble before my demise"
  thanks for following back!
  its pretty much a different city... just outside of LA
 chilled water both before and during exercise may help keep your body temperature down and your energy up for maximum calorie burn.
 
 Why is going to the DMV always such a terrible experience!?!?
 Top 10 iPhone apps for getting fit 
 RT  We still have a few Hangover prizes left over 2 giveaway.  RT this message for your chance to win exclusive Hangover prizes
 Love this N.A.S.A vid 
 Starting off the New Year right! Going on a 5k run!
 Happy New Year!
 ill be at the HAHA cafe in North Hollywood tonight
 Really want to go on an REI adventure trip!
 Can't wait for New Years! Finally have plans this year!
 6 Ways to Keep the Pounds Off This Winter 
 7 Foods You Have to Stop Ignoring 
 Going up to Big Bear for New Years!  Hope they get some fresh powder!
