 Does anyone want a Google+ invite? Send me a message in the next 30 minutes with your gmail account and I will invite you right now.
 I love Dropbox because It makes my life so much easier. I use it for work, for backing up files, and for quick transfer 
 RT  Rest In Peace, Armen Gilliam, a Number 2 Overall Pick of the Phoenix Suns in 1987. The Hammer will be missed.
 RT  Boy it's been a while since I posted on good old twitter. Check out my blog, I'm usually using that. 
 RT  Hey guys, I really think you will like my new blog. Please check it out. 
 RT  Hey guys, you should check out this new blog I've been reading 
 RT  Here's something that you're going to wish you though of first: 
 RT  My blog, Cool Stuff I Found On The Internet, is pretty cool. you should check it you. 
 RT  Shot glasses made of ice? Find out how you can make them: 
 If you guys don't have DropBox, you need to sign up right now! Get your important files anywhere, even on your phone! 
 RT  As a special promotion, we would like to offer Twitter users a 10% discount at our website! www.showtimecards.com pro ...
 Hey guys! Please be kind enough to take my short survey! 
 Sitting in on the 2011 Internet Retailer conference in Orlando, Florida. There's a lot to be learned here.
   To any of the panel members answering questions, what have YOU done TODAY, to better our Nation?
 So poking fun at Bush in Harold and Kumar 2 gives Kumar the right to host political events??? wtf? 
  it was a rough ending but it had to be that way. The movie wouldn't have been as powerful otherwise.
 RT  <<<<<<<<<<<<<follow  >>>>>>>>>>>>> ...
  saw you in the search stream. I literally just finished Buried. Best ending ever.
 Just saw the movie Buried. Wow.
 I've begun the slow journey of writing again. Maybe this time it will go better.
 I had a pretty fun night all in all
 RT  Hey everyone! If you're local to Arizona and need a website, check out  He designed ou ...
 Here's a review I wrote on the game Just Cause 2 for PC: 
  no prob. I look forward to hearing from you
 Check out my photoshop skills: 
  hey if you know of any Tucson businesses looking for a website, send them my way!
 Have you ever turned a fan off only to immediately want it back on? 
 What if suddenly you awoke to find your whole life was just a dream and you were still in kindergarten?
 I did some more work on my site yesterday.  if you haven't seen it.
 RT  It's too early for me to be awake...
 RT  4GB Authentic Kingston Flash Drive with 5 Year Warranty - $6.99 Free Shipping - 
 Bedtime in robland
 The Big Bang Theory and cake...the American Dream
 You guys should check out damnyouautocorrect.com I'm laughing so hard it hurts
 Hello new followers!
 Well I'm home for the weekend finally. It was a long day. Who else is ready to kick back and enjoy Saturday???
 Ahhhhhh why am I still awake??
 Just did some more work on the site -   NOW it's bedtime :)
 Tucson Website Guy - A Web Designer YOU Can Afford     on eBay Classifieds Tucson  
  I noticed that your website is down. Do you need help getting a new one set up? Check out my site www.tucsonwebsiteguy.com
 hey guys I just got my website going. tell me what you think. 
 RT    Showtime’s New Blog - Check it out. It's actually pretty cool
 RT  hey everyone! please follow my new friend,  !!! you will be followed back!
 RT  120 Gigabyte Pocket-sized external hard drive! Keep all your data safe with the one-touch backup feature!  ...
  wow that is a ridiculous deal. I just may have to get my wallet out --->  <--
 RT  Please follow  This man's story of cancer survival is truly amazing. Follow him if you support the st ...
 RT  About ten minutes left for this deal. We must be crazy to let this go at such a great price  ...
 RT  Thanks to all of our followers for supporting us! RETWEET TO SHOW YOUR FOLLOWERS YOU CARE ABOUT THEM!!!
  you dont realize there are cuts on your hands until you put on hand sanitizer
 RT  retweet this if you love your followers! IF YOU SEE THIS AND DONT RETWEET ITS A SIGN YOU DONT CARE ABOUT THEM!
 RT  Retweet this if you are on the internet more than 1 hour a day :P
 RT  Do you have a Dell computer? Retweet if you do!
 RT   own an AUTHENTIC Microsoft Laser mouse for less than $7! FREE SHIPPING! Ends in l ...
 RT  retweet if you can't stand high humidity!!!
 RT   just bought one of these. pretty good deal. Hope I get it pretty quickly. I'll keep you ...
 RT  follow  he's a new guy and needs some help to get going here on twitter =) 
 RT  Retweet if you want followers! Must be following  
 So, all in all, how was everyone's holiday weekend? Mine was ok.
 RT  DEAL OF THE DAY:  UNBEATABLE LOW PRICE FOR CARD SLEEVES!!!
 RT  80 GB External Hard Drive  PLENTY OF SPACE FOR  ALL YOUR MUSIC, MOVIES, PICTURES,  ...
 RT   Need sleeves to protect your   or  cards? Look no further. 1000 slee ...
 this day is dragging on. I hate thursdays
 RT  follow  if you need advice on your computer, or just a great deal on a new one.  
 RT  RETWEET THIS MESSAGE FOR A CHANCE TO GET 20-50 FOLLOWERS! YOU MUST BE FOLLOWING ME! 
 RT  HOLY CRAP!!!!! 
 RT  I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS!!! 
 Can you believe this? WTF???? 
 RT   just bought this. Hoping my computer will finally be running fast like it's supposed to ^^
 RT  Need storage space or a way to take data with you? How about an external hard drive? 750 GB for less than $75 http: ...
 RT   these guys are definitely legit. Got me fixed up in no time. Follow and retweet
 
  Celebrate 420 w/20% Off till 4/21- Vaporizers+Rolling Papers+More  
 
 
 Top 5 world cup teams 
 
 
 RT Make sure to follow  for the very best in FREE online games. Anyone want to Crush a Castle?? 
 
 Check out  on 
 www.showtimecards.com is a great site
 CHECK OUT MY WEBSITES! www.showtimecards.com  www.apartmentsarizona.com
