 It has been said that federal judge and Civil Rights pioneer Matthew Perry passed away at age 89. All respect and rest in paradise, sir.
  lol I know right
  lmaoo
 "you tols Harpo to beats me?!" 
 RT  Damn she bad! RT  if it was night time, you could forget it. I wouldn't even see her coming 
 RT  REDRUM!! RT  what you think her first words were as a baby though? 
 if it was night time, you could forget it. I wouldn't even see her coming 
 what you think her first were as a baby though?  
 RT   this the type of girls you fuck with?    + lmao, what the ?!
 thank you God for blessing me with a lovely morning.. :)
 and the crazy part about it is that .. i'll never have the guts to tell you
 I just tend to draw a question mark whenever it comes to you.. and I just don't understand why you do the things you do
 I wish I could read you like a book, because the look in your eyes and the feeling of your touch just isn't enough ...
 RT  RT    smile is amazing! + thank you :)
 if you don't like something, change it. if you can't change it, change your attitude towards it.
 RT  Grudges are a waste of perfect happiness. Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you can't ch ...
  lol how?
 I'm a very private person .
  you need to come to FAU!
 the way you bitin' on your lip just gave me confirmation
  chillin, you?
 RT   Damn, its been FOREVER since I've seen you ! lol + lol we need a reunion!
 RT   i 4got wat uve look lik its been over a year + aww I knoww, are you home?
 RT   ;) + ^.^ bebehhh
 RT  RT  everyday i'm shufflin'<< *begins spazzing and dancing all over the place* + lmao!
 everyday i'm shufflin'
 this wine isn't good at all, but I finished it out of respect
 RT  rt  last week I was in my other other Benz- well, let me hold one of em O.o lol + lol I got you!
  lol don't make me tear up!
 RT  RT   I'm not saying it's me...but  is a girl that really deserves a good woman + aw!
 turnin' heads like a coin toss
 last week I was in my other other Benz
 ion give af who you run with, tote guns with
 RT   lmao leave her alone..you know grown folks have they days + lol nah sh
  lol it's over for her
 lol my mother is slow. marvin's room came on "are u drunk right now?" she picks up her phone and goes "hello?" lmfaoo
 I thought this was hilarious lol 
 RT  RT  wild thing x Tone Loc LMAO I PLAY THIS DAILY + lol you and I both !
  lol I frigging love her
 that's what happens when bodies start slappin' ...from doin' the wild thang
 RT  bless your soul you've got your head in the clouds. you made a fool out of YOU and boy she's bringing you down.
 need someone to sing me a lullaby and rock me to sleep
  lol totally different song babe :/ haha
 wild thing x Tone Loc
 I got it goin' on baby doll
 it's like fire, when you touch me in the dark
 still up. I remember when I used to wait up all night JUST to see the sunrise .
 I swear you won't forget me, you'd be happy that you let me lay you down .. down ... down
 take those heels off it's worth it girl, nothin' is what i can picture you in
 what can I do to make you stay? I know it's getting late, but girl I don't want you to leave ..
 the way i'm feelin', things I say, all just happen when you pass my way
 say baby, I had to mention ...that if you were a star you'd be the one i'm searchin for
 you shut it down ..down .. down
 RT  I think I might start modeling again. It's time to make moves, I've been complacent for way too long. + <3
  lol thank you..but just up I guess..wyd?
  still sore :-/
 !!! RT   Who kills the vibe.
  lmao i'm sorry, okay i'm gone
  lmao i'm clocking out, I quit !
 that's it, i'm done .. give me my rope and toss it over a tree branch, imma hang out for a while . LMFAO
 grab somebody sexy tell em' HEY
 I want all of you tonight, give me everything tonight
  lmao yes yes YES!!!
 RT   lol n she's still silly as i remembered. + always the same Erica, nothing more nothing less ;)
  no you don't MOB !
 *gouges BOTH of my eye balls out* lmfaooo
 lmaooo  be knowin !
  lol well..I was watching the stars and the clouds ..but no beach *shrugs*
  lol ^.^
 ...umm .... I think I just threw up in my mouth .
 RT  yoda
  bite me
  no, I don't go out much ..I like walking the beach at night and watching the stars better .. :)
  I know but I knew you was gon' get fed up with that b.s. ! smh ..you know how I feel bout that lol
 you make my heart beat faster
 if I die young, bury me in satin, lay me down on a bed of roses, sink me in the river at dawn, send me away with the words of a love song
 RT  Man I'm fed up + hmph! what I said? .. hit me up though .
 pretty pretty please, if you ever ever feel, like you're nothing ..you are perfect to me
  thanks!
 RT   your twiticon tho + lol whattt :)
  lol you'd have to be here first .
  thanks luv
 waiting ... just waiting ..
 Clash of the Titans
 I want to see a movie tonight ..and maybe walk the beach afterwards
 RT   I miss you man...  + lol, I miss you too!
 man I remember I used to be at Tuscany 24/7 .. lol 
 RT   Tell them to play "Otis" by Jay Z & Kanye. Lol + they're gone lol
 RT   love your avi boo. + thanks mami :))
 RT   avi > + thankyou ^.^
 S/o to this band in Pembroke mall playing Rolling in The Deep lol
 Pembroke Lakes mall w/ tha bro
 *exhales deeply*  ... I like x Jeremih
 you really and truly do disgust me, I don't think i'd even be able to look at you in your face .
 RT  I have big plans for this semester coming up
  lol woman up ! ;)
  yesss :) , haha . make sure you try Dragon Roll <3
 RT    aye bitch do me a favor and have a cold glass of bleach on me +  L M A O *diesss*
  lol this means war
  lol , broaden your horizons :)
  lol why ? :/
 RT  RT  I love cushi . + lmfao ! wth is that? don't try me !!
 I love Sushi .
 guess what? IDGAF .
 show me the money i'll put this brick in ya face, if you ain't got my money i'll put this trap in ya face
  lol right !!
  welcome :) keep it up
 damn homie, in highschool you was the man homie, tf happened to you ?
 !!!! RT  I need someone to make me a time machine so I can replay the moments in my life that I enjoy the most
 feel like goin' to Aventura Mall
  that's good :) i'm proud .. which campus?
 I want to wake up to soft kisses on my shoulders, fingertips stroking my back .. wishful thinking ..
 RT  s'o to my new follower badd ass  :) + ^.^ gorgeousss . How is the life of a high school graduate?
 now tell me what you like, i'm likin' what you tell me..if you can understand me, then you can overwhelm me
  like what?
 lol this girl is killin me right now
 I should have kissed you, I should have told you, told you just how I feeeel
 South Beach traffic <
 RT   I'n a drop top wit a paper tag ? + uhh, idk ..i didn't look ? lol
  me? you! ily babes <3
 South Beach <3
 ridin in the Bently <3
 Shut It Down still ... does something to me .
 you can be sure i'll give you what you want & need .
 and out of all these other people I can say .. I ..want .. you .
 none of these chicks can't fugg with my bay-beh
 i'll be your publisher you could be my centerfold, long as you treat me right, show me how i'm edible
 i'm ready and i'm not afraid to say it, i'm tired of the game, already played it
 imma be the reason you not sleepin' baby, imma invade the thoughts that you're keepin' baby
 girl I want you to know, I can't get you out of my head .. my headd *sings*
 RT  i wanna sit on my roof and watch the sunset like they do in the movies. =)
  lol I tweeted I was comin down thursday
  lol, nothin.. :)
  yeah I been here since yesterday
  hmm
 is Reebok really back? like forreal forreal, keep it real with me lol
 this sun? I can't, it's way too hott. no wonder i'm always pale
 THIS !!!! RT  I'm not makin any moves until the sun goes down a lil more... it's HOT .
 shoutout to the lovely  in Yo Gotti's vid, she's so gorgeous
 Estelle got her bottom teeth fixed. HEEEYYYY, alright now girl I see ya!
 Moby's ^.^
 lol Tyra is a fool
  lol ohh! probably
 RT  I feel like  and I having the exact same feelings towards someone . lol + lol no I just RT what I like
 RT  Once you stop talking to them, you become the topic of their conversation.
 NY Nails on Ives Dairy is the beattt
 RT  RT  RT  she ain't real if she ain't there for the ups and downs...
 excrutiating pain
  wassup?
 I don't care to retrace my footsteps, unless i've misplaced my car keys
 come take my hand, I won't let you go, i'll be your friend, I will love you so ...deeply
 RT  U miss me already :( RT  UGH, I need to be held :/ + *clocks out of life*
 UGH, I need to be held :/
 Wilton Manors with auntie. Oww ! ;)
  lol whatever
 RT  dont you dare remember ME , once youve started to forget HER
  lol!
 RT  RT  who run the world ? girls ^.^ <<<< nope! LOL + Pshh !
  lol forget him!
 RT   Iwish.. lol " Like a good neighbor, StateFarm is THERE ..with Kerry Washington ." + me too!
  lol with Kerry? yes ^.^ ohhh yes
 Listen to "Kiss My Sass Intro. Fun Flirty Taboo En..." hosted by KISSMYSASS on    Call (323)443-7242 
 *looks around* ..no ? man screw this .
 Like a good neighbor, StateFarm is THERE ..with Kerry Washington .
 who run the world ? girls ^.^
 RT  Don't Forget To Follow The APM Team       ...
 Tune in tonight at 8PM est on  to win a free Sex Toy from  Miami's new fun, flirty online talk show. RT!
 RT  Thursday is our first show at 8pm est.! We are giving away a sassy sex toy to the 10th caller!!! <3
 if it doesn't pertain to nor concern me, then I have no interest for it.
  lol ohhh! I feel you..shoot idk!
  yesss <3 where you wanna go?
  lol i'd be right there bih!
  wow, what the heck -__- screw them
  lol what happened with Nordstrom?
 address me as Your Majesty
 currently cooking. whoop !  .
 RT   I miss you. + miss you too homie.
 s/o to  though ..
 gyal yuh punani match mi car
 Bumba raaaass! ah weh dis raggamuffin come from? 
 RT  I called the love of my life n she did not answer -_- + 
  killin em' live on www.RiddimsTV.com right now tune in leggo !
 RT  I'm too focused on the future to dwell on the past .
 but remember who always had your back
  I text and called you multiple times. I KNOW you seen them . and I saw you at the mall, I think. smh I guess .
  smfh !
 it's a real shame how much time I wasted on certain people
 if everybody had you, then I sure as hell don't want you
 Burlesque Show tonight ^.^
 I was in great like ..but ever since I saw She Hate Me, I fell IN love . lol
 Kerry Washington is that baby .
 Hate when people hit me with the "you've changed." So in order to pursue my dreams I have to be a different person? I'm still the same ol me
  Love You More ^.^
  yesss! ABOUT TIME
  lol don't be takin' my phrase though !
  lol blow me you jerk !!
 Tune in tonight at 8PM est on  to win a free Sex Toy from  Miami's new fun, flirty online talk show. RT!
 Home sweet Home ^.^
  lol let me stop idk who that is
 95south. Hot 105 goin in!
 gonna head out in a little
 s/o to 
 RT   To  !!!!! + s/o to you too!
  lol ayee I got you good though ain't it ? haha :)
  lol I felt it was the perfect time
 RT  Check your DMs ladies RT  RT  RT  Sleeping alone+ here you go  
 RT  RT  RT  Sleepingg alonee is NO funn > rechargable battery pack $12.88  + nasty! Lol
  man I need a sleeping pill
 RT  Sleepingg alonee is NO funn .
 sleeping pattern all screwed up .
  heyyy :)
  grrr , no :p
 RT  I'm still optimistic about everything!
 do the unusual, encounter different people, something EXCITING
 I want to do something different when I come back home to Miami later today for the rest of the week/weekend ..
  lol! yes ma'am :) i've been working there for a few months now. and what is your wardrobe rental place?
 RT  LoveEricaNicole the necklace in ur avi where did u get it from or who makes it? + we sell them, at Aldo .
 addictive x Truth Hurts ft. Rakim
 the heroine analogy creates the perfect personification
 how could you deny me so vehemently? now your body is shakin' tryin' to free it of me
 you'll never be down, I know where your peak is .
 that black rain that take away your pain, just for one night baby take me in vein
 Bonita applebum I gotta put you on, if I didn't when we cuttin the feelin' would be too strong
 cold sweats occur when i'm not with her
 she likes me, she fiends for me nightly she leans for me, morning she rush for my touch
 she wants that old thing back
 RT  Almost had a relapse lol
 RT  I can't keep waiting for you to have an epiphany & divine intervention, you have to realize it on your own. I tried my best
 with my skin tanned and my hair long
 RT  lol i love how extremely open we're being with each other
 RT  Laqwantanice is by far the most ghetto-est name i've ever seen + ... soo , what you tryna say about my cousin though?
  > Planking
  lol whateva shawty :)
  lmao it's an epidemic
 i'm so done . lol this is ridiculous
 High Fashion owling . lmfao 
 "The sun will come out... tomorrow" Owling 
 Section 8 Owling 
 "I bust my ass but I bet you can't notice" Owling 
 Owling for your stereo 
  lol 
 RT  Whts owling?  + 
 Owling is the new planking . lmao
  lol !! ^.^ hehe just a tad
 rhythm and blues, funk, soul ..
 and i'd do anything just to see your face, but you're far far awaayyy
  goin' in though !! 
  .  lol
  you've got it bub .
 RT  Sorry but when it comes to the kitchen, I don't see no one. Especially in the baking department.+ you've got competition
  lol ahh, okay well friday it is <3
 i'm the selfish kid in the sandbox. You touch my toy, and I will f^%k you up .
  lol i'm coming home later today so hushh -__-. i'll swing by if you work ^.^
 I don't want nothing that's being shared . -_____-
  you betterrrr <3 i might come visit you at work :) if you're still there ..
 RT  RT  there ain't no rest for the wicked+ you put the whole darn song ! LmFao !!!! + lol you know I did!
 I seriously miss  <3
 RT  RT  love is a losing game x Amy Winehouse--memories, my, my, my. love is a fate resigned.
 RT   TBR if I was a lesbo I woulda had to have you + lol !! 
 RT  rt for a TBR + ^.^
 there ain't no rest for the wicked until we close our eyes for good .
 RT   caught my attention. + oh, cool .
 There ain't no rest for the wicked, money don't grow on trees, I got pills to pay, I got mouths to feed ain't nothin' in this world for free
 I said you're such a sweet thing why'd you do this to yourself and this is what she said to me
 If you pay the right price your evening will be nice, or you can go and send me on my way
 she said I never seen a man that looks so all alone, could you use a little company?
 I was walkin' down the street when out the corner of my eye I saw a pretty little thing approachin' me
  lol ! the Shirelles sung that! wow I had no idea
 love is a losing game x Amy Winehouse
 you too fine to be layin' down in bed alone .
  chillin and you?
  "onli ze let nyte menyewwwww!!" lmao I was so dead
  hey hunn, what's up?
 RT   you should surprise the man at mcdonalds lmao!! + screw him! his long titty no nipple havin ass
 just surprised the KFC lady with flowers and a card as a token of appreciation. Glad she liked it :)
 hiding in the back lol 
 RT  Praises && Thanks To The Most High For Another Unpromised Day 
 Rest In Paradise Isaiah Laurencin
 RT  . Your The Only Image In My Mind So I Still See You , Why Is That ? .
 some of them want to abuse you, some of them want to be abused
 hopefully this movie puts me to sleep since nothing else can
 RT  I can appreciate people that I can have discussions and debates with. Higher thinking & reasoning.
  imy too :)
  over here handin' out followers for free . where  at ?
  lmao they will work wonders too, smh !
  lmao gon' and  her !
 RT  Royce tell Evelyn I got her boyfriend lol  + lmao ! a mess
  lol you went in though !! haha
 RT  RT  RT  rt  RT  RT  RT  
  lmao lahd hammercy Marcus what she thought this was?
 RT  Yo comebacks dry as fuck .. Just like them dry ass tracks  !!! + *Home Alone Face* :-O
  yes ma'am :)
 she said get her bathtub water ready? i'm out ! *logs out of life* el oh el .
 this tweef is so funny, i'm about to pee on myself !
 RT   nice avi  and  + thanks :)
  :)))) noo you don'ttt
  I believe so ! imma find out how to make em'
 wait!! i'm over here dyin' y'all! lmfaooo somebody get me the paramedics !
 RT  RT  lmaoooo The Best TWEEF EVER lol•-- ever ever everrrrrr lol + lmao oh damn!
 "Stay Gold"
  lol 
  heyy i'll try it lol
 arrogance and cockiness are clearly facades put on by those who have insecurities that manifest within them
  what is that!? girl i've never seen that before lol
  i've had one ..and at first I was like bleh but I ended up liking it and there were no more left :-/
  I come home thursday ! :))
 RT   Me too, with some cheese & crackers! + right , or.... some fried oreos ^.^
  make us some fried oreos too ..lol
  let's go! lol
 I want some fine wine, right now .
 RT   your gorgeous too! + thank you miss! :)
 I have some gorgeous followers though ... s/o to you all
 RT  Ay on a side note my dawg  was shiney as shit today!!!! + lmao, you a fool bf!
  lol straight suey !
  anything, they are randomly searching phones without any specifics as to what they are looking for. Now that is preposterous to me
  cause in which a warrant is present or an oath and there must be a specific thing to be seized..however they are not seizing
  no I believe it is called Search and Seizure.. people have the right to be secured in their persons and etc. but upon probable
  lol how?
  imy too luv!
 RT  RT    carries himself/herself very well...I respect that! + why thank you! ^.^
 if a teacher had the audacity to even think about confiscating AND searching through my phone, I would gladly read Amendment 4 to him/her.
 violation of our own Constitution, Casey Anthony masks for sale, and innocent animals abandoned in dumpsters.. what is our world coming to?
 RT  Never assume what you truly don't know
 I just want to lay up with you for the rest of the night while we listen to slow jams
 RT  Remember when we first started talking?
 I do it better when i'm alone
  thanks ^.^ yeah I said it to my homeboy while we were walking the beach and he made me swear to tweet it soon as I got back lol
 RT   -- lol, I forgive you. No, giving your all when it would just be ignored. But I love how you wrote the me ...
 RT  People are forever changing. + Nah, you just get to know them better .
 RT   -- this is amazing + what is love ? forgive me if i'm a little slow lol
 I could lay it all out on the table for you ..arrange the napkins and the cutlery.. but you'd just end up clearing it off anyway
 keep running as if you can't stop
 oh wait, the lightning ..duh. I always get them mixed up.
 walking along the shore, warm breeze, watching the thunder, thoughts in the ocean, footprints in the sand...
 RT  life is good. miss me with all that negativity
 Hiatus.
       I love you girls <3
 these are the pieces of me
 "You don't date nobody till you Facebook stalk them first" Lmaooo
 RT   this is your auntie Sammie!! Love you boo! Check out my new show <3 + Love you more, I sure will! :)
 Dragon Roll Sushi ^.^ 
 RT  RT  Reunion with Ashanti <3 <<< awww the imitators;) + Lol, I said Ashanti, Not A Psi Poo..woops I mean Q
 RT   We need an entire AVA reunion + we do! you KNOW i'd be there
  what's up ?
 Reunion with the Ladies of Ashanti <3
  there's nothing in there
 how to love x Lil Wayne
 you ain't no saint we all a sinner..but you put ya good foot down and make ya soul the winner
  lol you're out of your frigging mind
 Wtf! Mann i'm out smh RT  Yes we do!!!! ;) RT  All my bitches love me
  good, that's exactly what you're gonna gulp down :)
 a conversation needed alway seems to be unexpected, and that's when you should take heed
  lol yeah i'll fix u somethin good alright, you like Clorox with some ice?
 I just had an unexpected heart to heart with my manager ..wow
  lol heffa I was bein nice, now come have another drink at my house, i'll fix you something SPECIAL.
  lol I love ALL old school, I vibe more to it
 RT   luv dat necklace! + thank you :)
 I funk so hard to old school
 and when i'm feelin' lonely, she comes as no surprise turns me on with her love..takes me to paradiseeee. do you love me mary jane ?
 i'm in love with Mary Jane she's my main thang, she makes me feel alright she makes my heart sangg
 do dooo dooo, Mary Jaa-anneeee
  lmaoo I knowww,  that's my jam :))
  what is ?
 come into my bedroom honey what I got will make you spend money, all nighttt longg
  :)
 oohh baby not tonight, I don't wanna fuss and fight, I just wanna make it right
 Mary Jane x Mary J. Blige
  lol! haha what a smooth talker
  lmao smh
 RT   smart ☑ beautiful ☑ and a sense of humor ☑ + awwww, I try :) why thank you ma'am !
  lmao where tf did you come from ? O.o
   what ?
  fine with me .. :)
  ain't sh*t ! lmao
  lmaoo! oh look at you calling shots now ?
 RT  Broke females....here u go. 
  lol oh yeahh, you far af lol .. I stay near aventura area I guess
 it takes two, right? forgive me, I must have forgotten since I keep running into so much selfishness.
  thanks ^.^
  that is ridiculously far lol i've never even been there I think anyway
 RT   the lord woke me up this morning not the weed. plus he made it for us to smoke... + lmaoo I am DYING !!
  woo :) *blush* your background is hella tight btw
  whattt, what mall ?
  :) s/o to you too hunn!
  <3 call me
  ok
  lol not all that.. what else you do besides school?
  lol nah not really ...okay maybe just a lil :)
 s/o to Diamond Girl in Lauderdale for not carrying a 16inch though . -____-
  :) s/o to you miss
  lol these girls came in my store yesterday and we were having a debate about it, I mean it's true so hey! :)
 RT  I feel it! Negativity too! RT  can't deal with immaturity, you can miss me with that though .
 can't deal with immaturity, you can miss me with that though .
 those who never communicate will never get their ideas across nor receive feedback, speak up.
  ohh! nicee..it's all about FAU though lol :)
 RT  Need 2 females for this music video shoot on Monday... hit me up 
  cool, same here..except im not from BK lol i'm in Boca for now though. you must have moved recently cus i've never seen u
  lol ilyyy <3
 *sigh* -_________-
