 What He says IS, even when what I see ISN'T....
 GRACE will take you places hustling can't.......
 Some conversations aren't worth your time. Don't talk away... walk away....
 Don't discourage the other man's plans unless you have better ones to offer......
 The NFL... I can breathe again. Aaaahhhhh!GO COWBOYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!LOL
 If the conversation isn't going somewhere... I am....
 There may be days you feel it's easier to walk on water than to have a conversation with your teenager. Don't give up!...
 Its Crazy when someone doesn't like you for no reason but you keep being nice to them anyway... That's gotta drive them nuts! LOL!
 There's always somebody around who knows how you ought to do it. Trouble is, they never do it themselves!!!
 Real friends CHECK on you when you're down, CHECK you when you're wrong & write you a CHECK when you're broke.-(CASH works too!)LOL
 Putting up walls builds a house, but tears down a marriage,and a house is not a HOME,and when Momma's not happy then NO ONE is!!Lol
 A messed up marriage impacts other parts of your life. Fix the marriage, and other areas start to work better....
 Good marriages don't just appear out of thin air. Somebody's got to do some work!...
 eww,I always see people picking their nose while they're drivingor at a red light;just cuz you're in your car doesn't make you invisible!LOL
 Whenever I lose my phone it's always on silent...Lol
 If you ever get caught sleeping on the job… slowly raise your head and say, “In Jesus name, amen."...LOL!!!!
 When somebody says “Expect the unexpected” slap them in the face and say ” You didn’t expect that did you.”-JUST A JOKE-DO NOT ATTEMPT!LOL
 We all make mistakes. Some have just learned to apologize(and/or repent), grow from them, & move on. Don't let an error paralyze you...
 I refuse to allow ppl who have no direction in their own lives to tell me the way I should be going....
 Before some people crash they sometimes run through a dozen roadblocks.....
 We can live side by side and never communicate heart to heart.....
 I tried running away from home once.I  Slammed the door & my mom locked it behind me. She locked the front door, too!-LOL
 If your kids are perfect, please write a book. We of the ignorant masses would like to know how you do it!....
 Some think-"if ur in childrens ministry",it's cause u can't cut it anywhere else. Bull! We're the Navy SEALS of the church!
 They say a new broom sweeps clean? Yeah, but the old one knows where the dirt is!LOL!!!
 Man can live about 40 days without food, about 3 days without water, about 8 minutes without air, but not 1 second without hope...
 Ever notice how people who don't know whether they are coming or going are usually in the biggest hurry to get there...lol
 A Minister- A man who is the soul support of his family....
 There are days so tough you wish you had never gotten out of bed until you run into someone who couldn't!
 Why do we beg God for a way out, but when He reveals the exit strategy- we stay any way?....
 Ever notice how nowadays.. "cool" means " i really dont care.".?....
 There is always a little truth behind every “Just kidding” A little knowledge behind “I don’t know” A Little emotion behind “I don’t care.”
 I wish people were like money. so you could hold them up to the light to see which ones are real and which ones are fake;SHEEPvs.WOLVES-LOL
 First pride, then the crash—the bigger the ego, the harder the fall. (Pro 16:18 MSG)
 To find out someone's real opinion of you, make them mad-(Just playing-DONT DO IT!)Yet,if it happens-YOU'll FIND OUT...LOL
 If you're willing to admit you're wrong when you're wrong, you're all right.....lol
 Can't have a lot of "table talk" about where we have been but not enough about where we are going.....
 RT  When u r angry and frustrated ,what comes out indicates what u r made of.
 people love honest people, they just don't want honest people in their life because they will have to hear the truth....
 A disagreement doesn't have to be a war.......
 Whenever I feel that i need to exercise, I lie down until it goes away....lol
 Its been in the 100s for days in TEXAS!-Its Okay cause whatever is born in the FIRE won't wilt in the sun!
 Never whine about your church not doing something that the Lord convicted YOU to do!.....
 Telling it like it is isn't always necessary. If its not edifying, Don't say it......
 You ask honestly. I answer honestly. Now, you're mad at me....LOL
 The fact is whatever you do, good or bad, people will always have something negative to say...
 Second chance isn't an easy thing to get. Once you got it, use it well..
 If you know you're not going to do it then don't say you will....
 Ablity is the poor man's wealth.AmericanProverb
 I read in the paper today about a dwarf that got pick-pocketed. How could anyone stoop so low?-JOKE!-LOL
 Strength is for service, not status. {Romans 15:1b}msg bible
 Anyone can say they have the truth;yet,There is a difference between truth on ice and truth on fire....
 People who spend lots of time in other people's lives are trying to avoid dealing with their own....
 Ohio weather was nice!Heading back to TEXAS where the Farmers feed chickens crushed ice to keep'um from laying hard boiled eggs!...lol
 Most people can read the writing on the wall; they just assume it's addressed to someone else?...
 Most people are willing to change, not because they see the light, but because they feel the heat.-lol
 The way out of "worse" is worship!
 Ever notice that whenever  you get hot coffee, your boss will give you  a task that lasts until the coffee is cold....
 I test drove the world and Jesus is the best.....
 He stood me up on a solid rock to make sure I wouldn't slip. He taught me how to sing the latest God-song, a praise-song to our God. Ps.40:2
 what you might view as a trial God May view as a wake up call "that you might know He is the Lord your God" Deut. 29:1-6
 If it always has to go their way......it's a slave ship not a friend ship! ...
 I'm so glad, so glad that He gave me, one more chance...
 Don't create your own set of answers.....
 Don't be a  2nd-story person;a 2nd-story person is a person that No one ever believes your first story....
 Most marital graves are dug with a lot of little digs...its time to toss the shovel!
 It's better to be alone than in bad company....Hello SOMEBODY.
 you can be really good at what you do but really bad at who you are....
 Our character deficiencies can make life much more challenging than it needs to be.....
 An excuse is the thin skin of fear, stretched over a bald-faced lie!Lol-just read this-and its FUNNY/TRUE!
 On my way to Dallas;couldn't help but to think about the Lakers-Boastful in victory-pathetic in a loss.LOL
 Being overly deep doesn't make you anointed. It makes you annoying. Jesus came down 2earth. You should try it.LOL
 "You have a choice. You can throw in the towel, or you can use it to wipe the sweat off of your face." - (Gatorade Ad)-i Like it!
 If some of you really knew that you are gonna end up in the pulpit, you really wouldn't do so much criticizing while you're in the pews..lol
 If some of you really knew that you are going to lead sheep, you really wouldn't spend as much time being a goat..lol
 The hardest part of growth is letting go of what you were used to, and moving on with something you're not!....
 Most people really do have a heart of Gold, but like most Gold, its hidden under all the dirt they've been thru. Love is a shovel..
 Learn to admit your mistakes before someone exaggerates the story!-LoL
 No one is immune to problems--even the lion has to fight off flies.
 Prayerlessness is often a form of hiding from God...
 The difference between iron and steel is the amount of fire....
 Don't allow jealousy to make an enemy out of a friend. Saul did and it didn't end well for him...
 If you're BURNING UP in anger then STOP, DROP and PRAY!!
 Two are better than one . . . if united. Two are less than one if divided...
 Remember 3 things: you're not God. This ain't heaven. Don't act like a jerk! Itll save you lots of pain!
 Just because someone has fancy sneakers, doesn't mean they can run faster...lol
 Its Crazy how many people are still surprised when they sow the same seed & keep reaping the same harvest. Duh?
 Some people will quit everything but their bad habits...
 Your temper will get you into trouble. Your pride will keep you there...
 It is easier to swallow angry words than to have to eat them.
 Don't get cocky & think people are trying to get to you when they're really trying to get to Jesus...
 Just because Jesus uses you to hand food to the multitudes doesn't mean you deserve any credit. He's the one that fed them...
 In an immature season, we can misread & refuse the rebuke of God. Wherever you refuse His rebuke, you will eventually need His rescue...
 He was pierced for our transgressions, crushed for our iniquities...by his wounds we are healed. Isa 53:5
 We all make plans, but the Lord has the final word. (Proverbs 16:1)
 Don't let your wants separate you from what God wants....
 When someone says it isn't the money but the principle of the thing...It's the money..lol-joke
 With the price of gas, if they add more taxes, our take-home pay won't be enough to get us there...lol
 Make sure you are confessing what God’s will (Word) is saying, not your own...
 Life is too short not to tell the people we love how much they mean to us. ..
 The four most important words in any marriage…”I’ll do the dishes.”Lol-JOKE
 We make our friends; we can even make enemies; but God makes our next-door neighbor!
 Catching a grenade for someone you love is impressive. However, carrying a cross for those who hate you, now that's incredible.
 The war in your soul over flesh issues is not only about you. It’s about the next generation....
 No matter what u have endured in your marriage,God has not left the room. He is able to salvage your wrecked marriage.1st hand witness..
 Your marriage can't survive without you, and won't thrive without you being all-in.I'm ALL IN!
 Sometimes God will ask us for things that we can't understand and the only way to understand is to obey...
 Would your marriage be better if you talked less? If yes, shhhh! Yet,Some of us need to talk a little more..lol
 It's pointless to try to make a point to someone who makes a point of pointing out things pointless about things with no point..lol
 It is hard to transfer a vision, especially to men who can barely see beyond their blistered feet...
 If a person walks up 2you & starts their sentence off with, "No disrespect...", PREPARE 2BE DISRESPECTED! LOLOL!!!
 Don't expect God to give you favor and set you upstairs if he can't trust you to behave in the basement...
 Sometimes the people who act the strongest are the most fragile!
 Sometimes God will give you a glimpse of the future so you'll know how to behave in the present....
 Lord, help me to never dress the part publicly but fall a part privately. I want to be real with you & people...
 There's no reason to waste time trying to prove who you are to people that don't even know who they are....
 A real friend won't endorse anything harmful you're in. They'll call you out in it because they want 2see you come out of it...
 Just because a person is in front of you doesn't necessarily mean they're leading you. They could be blocking you....
 When you flee temptation, be sure you don't leave a forwarding address...
 We have never given to get. We give to give. We believe we are blessed to bless.
 Allowing money to make decisions for your family is dangerous...
 Selfishness disguised as love drives people to sacrifice other human lives on the altar of personal gain...
 God is the One who provides us with what matters and what lasts...
 Trust God to weave together the events of your life for your good, even when you can't see the overall pattern...
 God never sends us more than we can handle, but we often pick up more than we can carry..
 Ignoring issues, closing people out, and shutting down only temporarily numbs the pain of the past, it never fixes it...
 The platform is an altar not a stage. It is a place to sacrifice not perform..
 Backsliding does not begin when u go back into the world but when God says "go forward" and u go back.
 To "get even" with someone u have to come down to their level. Is it worth it?
 What you can tolerate, you'll never change. You'll just complain. But you like it or you'd do something to change it!...
 In order to receive the direction of God, you must be able to receive the correction of God.....
 RT  If you really want to do something, you'll find a way; if you don't, you'll find an excuse..;)
 Mediocre men want authority without accountability!
 it is important for you to come to grips with the fact that your life will not get straightened out until your mind does....
 Men do not drown by falling in the water; they drown by staying there...
 There is always something to be thankful for. If you can't pay your bills, you can be thankful you are not one of your creditors.lol-joke
 Anytime you put pressure on your flesh it will always scream LEGALISM! The flesh never agrees with the SPIRIT.
 If you find yourself toning down a message because it seems a little harsh, you need to be sure your censorship is from the Spirit..
 God is so good!! Just gotta tell somebody!!
 Think it’s over because you’ve got problems? God redeemed you. What won't He do for you now??
 You can claim to be surprised once; after that you're unprepared...
 Don't expect everyone to understand your approach, once you make your mark you'll attract erasers...
 Grace teaches us that God does for others what we'd never do for them....
 Think it’s over because you’ve got problems? God redeemed you. What won't He do for you now?
 Think it’s over because you’ve got problems? God redeemed you. What won't He do for you now??
 Grace teaches us that God does for others what we'd never do for them.....
 Grace teaches us that God does for others what we'd never do for them..
 Pride turns simple misunderstandings into long-term problems...
 Sin wouldn't be so attractive, if the wages were paid immediately.
 We don't change so we can Worship God; We are Changed as we Worship God!!!! Worship is an act of will. Gotta push thru to get thru!
 I'm glad the outcome of my tomorrow is not entirely up to me. My Father is already there, prepared and awaiting my arrival..
 In heaven, it will not be those who knew the most, but those who loved the most that will receive the reward...
 you never become holy by criticizing nor is any one ever brought nearer to God by fault finding...
 "If you crave attention, you can always toss a rock at a hornets' nest." ~Anonymous-Lol
 Do you know the theme song/anthem of HELL, I repeat, H-E-L-L is "I Did It My Way"?
 Pride will keep two people, who love each other, not talking for weeks. Life is too short to give pride that much authority over your life.
 Don't let the old thing stop the new thing God is doing in you...
 No one who understands the beauty of the word "holy" would ever follow it with the word "crap."
 It is great to know that God ALWAYS has a plan!
 Hunt for the good points in people. Remember, they are having to do the same in you.lol
 You start cutting your wisdom teeth the 1st time you bite off more than you can chew.LOL-joke
 Isn't it strange that in our prayers we seldom ask for a change in character, but always a change in circumstances?
 Life has no remote, get up and change it yourself!
 If the title "child of God" isn't enough for you, you will constantly seek titles in the earth that never satisfy...
 Spiritual maturity is measured by your capacity to look forward with HOPE, despite past disappointments...
 The devil is a better theologian than any of us and is a devil still. - A. W. Tozer
 No obstacle will ever leave you the way it found you! You'll get better or worse! Choose to grow!
 If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?
 When people say I'm not lying to you more than once, it always makes me suspicious...lol
 Leadership is a cross you carry, a calling you steward, a gifting you value, & a way of life you accept!
 Tough times will come. Question is, will you react to them as an eagle or as a rooster?--soar above it or scratch around in it?
 KNEELING is the proper posture for putting seeds into the ground.
 A Christian on his knees sees more than the world on its tiptoes...
 Never be so poor that you cannot pay attention.
 Christian, you are a NEW CREATION, not a rebuilt sinner.
 In seasons of severe trial, the hypocrite flies to the world and finds a sort of comfort there. - Spurgeon
 If it matters little, make little of the matter.
 Grace was never intended to comfort you in your sin. Grace was intended to lift you up out of your sin.
 Great churches are not built on the gifts and talents of a few, but on the sacrifices of many!
 When it's all said and done, I pray there is more done than said!
 If in your mind you're too big for the small thing. Then in God's mind you're too small for the big thing.
 If in your mind you're too big for the small thing. Then in God's mind you're too small for the big thing....
 If God seems far away, guess who moved?
 RT  RT  If God seems far away, guess who moved?
 “To keep our hand on the plow while wiping away our tears – THAT is Christianity!” ~ Watchman Nee
 The Bible will be the same every time you read it. But you will be different...
 If God asks that you bend, bend & do not complain. He is making you more flexible & for this be thankful...
 If you dont want it repeated- dont tell it!!
 Two fundamental truths: There is a God, and it ain't you!!
 Note: in the eyes of average people average is considered outstanding!
 I am reminded again that; "what I am a part of, is so much greater than the part I play"...
 It's a foolish person who takes everything he hears into his heart. Not everyone has a right to speak into your life.
 If we could forget our troubles as easily as we forget our blessings, how different things would be.
 When God gives you A WORD, don't make a paragraph out of it.
 People who blame their circumstances for what they are now, will never be who God ordained them to be.
 Don't devote to much ot your time & resources to things that are never going to be productive in your life.
 You will always get lost by trying to find an alternate route for the "straight and narrow".
 Life can be unthinkably cruel & lonely if you try to do it all by yourself. I need you; & you need me, and we all need Jesus.
 Lessons learned from bees:  Keep busy & don't sting anyone....lol
 O God of Second Chances and new Beginnings, here I am again.~Nancy Spiegelberg
 Mountain tops inspire leaders, but valleys mature them...
 leaders who refuse to listen will eventually surround themselves with people who have nothing important to say..
 communicating Biblical truth is loved by the humble, hated by the proud, & ignored by the apathetic- speak the truth
 when preparing the next gen. keep in mind it is more powerful to hold their hand & walk with them than point & tell them where to go...
 Complainers have spiritual bad breath. "Do everything without complaining!" Phil 2:14-Cant say"HALLELUJAH with HALITOSiS"!
 Leadedship is not determined by how much you know but by how much you can take.lol
 The best way to fail is to never try!  Now get with it!...see ya on the other side...
 The Bible says a friend loves at ALL times, So if you couldn't last thru out ALL the seasons of my life you weren't a friend....
 If you watch what you think you won't have to watch what you say.
 When God seems to be distant, there is "almost" always something to repent of....
 God always publicly rewards seasons of private obedience.  Just stay faithful...
 Someone, who has it worse than you, is doing more with it....
 There is so much more in you than you're letting out.  Quit holding back!  The world needs what you have to offer.
 Every morning I wake up, roll over and see my beautiful wife and think "there is a God & He must love me!"
 If you teach your kids they came from apes, don't be shocked when they act like animals.Now that's funny!
 The throne of popularity is short lived for those who refuse to walk in humility.- Amen!
 Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn’t matter. Going to bed at night saying we’ve done something wonderful- that matters.
 Be determined to mend fences, repair broken bridges, build necessary gates, and tear down inappropriate walls...
 This year we will experience 4 unusual dates.... 1/1/11, 1/11/11, 11/1/11, & 11/11/11
 NOW check this out...take the last 2 digits of the year u were born + plus the age u WILL be this year & it WILL =111!
 It doesn't take a multitude to feed a multitude. It takes one boy willing to give everything he has to Jesus...
 "Bitterness eats away from the goodness that God has given to us in marriage." ~Paul Buckness
 getting married is easy~ staying happily married takes work!
 In Marriage, respect is very bit as important as affection....
 Truth I have observed: U can get to anywhere U need/want 2 go, if U R willing 2 admit where U R at.Not easy 2 do, but absolutely vital.
 If you aren't willing to ask questions, don't expect to find many answers....
 Your story is not destined to be a cautionary tale of what could have been....
 Prayer is not a "spare wheel" that you pull out when in trouble; it is a "steering wheel" that directs us in the right path throughout life.
 Don't spend a dollar's worth of time for ten cent's worth of results!
 Funny we spend half our lives recovering from the effects of the other half?
 When God stretches you-you never snap back to your original shape!
 Jesus didn't teach us how to make a living-He taught us how to live!
 People are funny.Will spend money they don't have,to buy what they don't need,to impress folks they don't like??
 Leaders goal: If it's NOT happening in you, it can't happen THROUGH you, so a fresh spirit, & Tender heart is the goal!
 Never measure your success by what others have or haven't done. You do what God has put in your heart and spirit. Fullfill that&you succeed.
 Being the best is not my goal, because life is not a competition. But giving my best is my goal because life is a gift to be given..
 Good advice: Don't throw your tongue into high gear before your brain starts turning over...LOL
 Man does not live by bread alone--even whole wheat, multi-grain...ect..lol
 Watch constantly against those things which are thought to be no temptations.  - Spurgeon
 You can be both a good father and a good minister.. but being a good minister should never come before being a good father.
 When God says "do this" and you respond "but I" .. Your big ole BUT just got in the way again.
 Please excuse me while I laugh, love and live like never before.. I've made up my mind, no matter what, God is good!!!!!!
 When you comfort others, even though your heart has been broken, then you have conquered bitterness & unforgiveness..
 Don't give up! “By perseverance the snail reached the ark.” Spurgeon
 Faith makes a Christian. Life proves a Christian. Trial confirms a Christian. Death crowns a Christian. Anonymous
 Complaining Israelites angered God & kept them from the Promise Land. "Do everything w/o complaining." Phil 2:14
 Whenever I feel fear overtaking me I close my eyes & thank God that He is still on the throne. John Wesley
 Many of us crucify ourselves between two thieves: regret for the past & fear of the future. Fulton Oursler
 "Obstacles in life are like logs in ur path. U can step over it or move it out of the way.Or U could cut it up and make firewood. ~Unknown
 The devil is willing for you to confess faith as long as you don't practice it!
 When we forget what God has done for us in the past, we forget what He is able to do for us in the future!
 Don't allow your comfort zone to become your coffin! Be willing to change.
 Stop complaining. No where in scripture does God promise life will be fair...
 some people drink from a glass, i drink from a fountain....lol
 If you walk around with a huge chip on your shoulder, it can cause you to lose your balance...
 You will either live by faith or you won't live at all. If it does not take faith to do it, it's probably not worth doing anyway...
 A man can't ride your back unless it's bent. -MLKjr
 Never remain where God has not sent you!
 It takes less time to do something right than it takes to explain why you did it wrong?
 Some people listen and read in order to learn. Others do so to reveal their -"yeah but."
 Some people talk in their sleep. preachers talk while other people sleep.LOL
 When you are outside of the right timing, you will sow hurry & reap frustration. What benefit is running if you're on the wrong road.
 When a man sings his own praises, he invariably gets the tune too high.LOL!
 If you stay too busy to worry all day, at night you'll be too sleepy to worry.-lol
 MaxLucado: Slay the desire to be noticed.Stir the desire to serve God.Don't make a theater production out of your faith.
 Grace is meant to be a power that takes away our excuses. Instead, we've made it an excuse that takes away our power.
 When you've messed up, God's grace and mercy is available to you. No more pity parties, its time to make things right.
 God created marriage. Go to him for EXPERT help.
 Any concern too small to be turned into a prayer is too small to be made into a burden. ~Corrie Ten Boom
 Better to be in a lion’s den in His will, than on Easy Street out of it!
 It's better to DO more than you say, than to say more than you do!
 If you judge me by my past you're behind schedule.
 The crew must work well together before new seas can be reached.
 1881 copyrighted "Holy Bible" 
 Some of the most disappointed people in the world are people who get what's coming to them.
 Love looks thru a telescope; envy, thru a microscope!
 The greatest ability is-Dependability!
 Life's detours are sometimes God's highway to success!
 Your struggle may be lasting, but it's not everlasting!Thank you JESUS!!!
 Have you noticed that people who admit they're wrong get a lot further than people who always try to prove they're right?
 Success has made failures of many people......
 Two distinct times when a person is most likely to quit: after a mistake, and after a victory.Don't let it be you...PRESS ON!
 Great Church Giving Quote from Pastor Mike Glenn - "The Living Water is free, but the pipes cost money."
 A title doesn't make you a good leader any more than having a child makes you a good parent.
 Humility shows UP ; Pride shows OFF
 (Husbands)- "Being heard is so close to being loved that for the average person, they are almost indistinguishable." ~David Augsburger
 Be a river of God's love; not just a reservoir of it.
 Don't let people who aren't moving convince you that movement is impossible.
 Men-You may have "won" the argument, but does it matter since you and your Wife still aren't talking to one another?
 Men-Our primary ministry is to our spouse & children. You take care of your bride, Jesus can take care of His!
 Don't compromise obedience for convenience.
 When people claim a leader is too demanding & controlling, sometimes it's true. Other times, it's code for: "I'm lazy & disobedient."
 Prayer...When life gets too hard to stand...Kneel.
 A diet changes the way you look. A fast changes the way you see!
 An understanding wife is one who has the steak ready when you come home from fishing.lol
 Sin to a believer is horrible, because it crucified the Saviour; he sees in every iniquity the nails and spear - Spurgeon
 Medicine is like advise, easy to give, hard to take.
 A real leader faces the music, even when he doesn't like the tune.
 Find a need and fill it. - As seen on a cement truck
 The exact words u use r far less important than the energy, intensity & conviction with which u use them. ~ Jules Rose
 The older I get the less I listen to what people say and the more I look at what they do. ~ Andrew Carnegie
 Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes... but no plans. ~ Peter Drucker
 Keep your words soft and tender because tomorrow you may have to eat them. ~ Unknown
 Use your special talents: "Frank Sinatra didn't move pianos." ~ Dan Sullivan
 I forgot to shake hands and be friendly. It was an important lesson about leadership. ~ Lee Iacocca
 A leader leads by example, whether he wants to or not. ~ Anonymous
 First rule of leadership: Everything is your fault.lol
 How you spend your time is the single clearest indicator, especially to other people, about what's important to you.
 A good way to measure the success in ministry is to ask," How many men have gone from infancy to manhood"
 At the beginning of His ministry He said "Follow Me." At the end of His ministry He said, "Follow Me." Any questions?
 Some believe ministry is about alluring and catching men others have trained. This is "parasitical."
 If you're a bird, be an early bird.....but if you're a worm, sleep late!lol
 If Christ has died for me -  I cannot trifle with the evil that killed my best Friend. - Spugeon
 If we give God service it must be because He gives us grace. We work for Him because He works in us. - Spurgeon
 God will not go forth with that man who marches in his own strength. - Spurgeon
 God whispers in our  success but shouts in our pain.   -C.S Lewis
 It's so true. Eyes that look are common. Eyes that see are rare!
 Nations + churches are always in danger when those who have never learned to obey, R given right to command!
 Pray for Christians with influence;as size, talent or success don't trouble the devil to much-but influence does!
 Great leaders often encounter noisy opposition from mediocre minds.
 Loved this bumper sticker: "If you love Jesus, tithe! Any fool can honk."
 critics are legless men who teach running.-joke;lol
 A hard job is the easy job you didn't do yesterday.
 A mistake proves that someone stopped talking long enough to actually do something.lol
 Build your failing marriage on God's unfailng word.
 Never include anyone in a problem that cannot be a part of the solution!
 Confront gently. If a truth is worth addressing, it deserves to be done in love.
 To stay connected with your spouse, stay connected with God.
 Pride is a credit hog;Pride is also an interrupter.
 Japanese Proverb: When the character of a man is not clear to you, look at his friends.
 Looking back only guarantees that you will get a pain in the neck!lol
 It is possible to flip the page on your calendar and still be the same old you.
 D.E.B.T.  Doing Everything But Tithing-lol
 There is a time to quit begging and whining and crying and say, "Lord I receive what you have designed for my life now."
 Faith is the ability to carry on when you dont know whats going on.
 If you pray for God to move a mountain and it is still there in the morning "Climb it."
 "For last year's words belong to last year's language and next year's words await another voice." ~TS Eliot
 Still true. Jealousy digs the mud that envy throws at success!
 Excuses are crutches of the uncommited. Make 2011 yr of No Excuses!
 Last years home runs won't win today's games!
 Don't get to the end of your life only to find you've had your ladder against the wrong building.
 A New Year's resolution is something that goes in one Year and out the other.-joke,lol
 Sometimes we get so busy rowing the boat, we  don't take the time to stop and see where  we're going ... or what we are becoming.
 SIGN IN A PODIATRIST'S OFFICE: "Time wounds all heels."Lol
 Its difficult when someone you know turns into someone you knew.Unless that person is you;(the one holding you back)-Have a Happy New Year!
 You must not allow circumstances around you make you loose sight of what God's Word says about YOU.
 "Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up." Jesse Jackson
 Do unto others as you would if you were the others...
 The only difference between stumbling blocks and stepping stones is the way in which we use them!
 A lot of open minds need to be closed for repairs!Lol
 Good relationships are like the hands on a clock, they only meet some'time's but always stay connected! -Jen Lancaster
 Never try to stabilize what God is shaking.
 God doesn’t want just visiting hours with his children.  He wants full custody !
 The storm does not come to destroy the house, but to reveal it's foundation!
 Money can make you wealthy but great friends make you rich!
 Leaders goal: ENABLE people to "own" the vision, rather than EXPECT people to "get behind" the vision!
 I was just thinking of my only brother,and how we used to plan out our alibis;"Alright, now IF we get caught here's the story"... Lol
 Sometimes, the smallest things take up most of the room in your heart. ~ Winnie The Pooh
 Remember When Facebook/Myspace/Caller I.D./Twitter/Ect. didn't exist, and we just had to talk and answer our home phones..lol
 Fence-sitting is pretty uncomfortable.  Eventually, you will either jump off in one direction or the other.
 Strong ropes secure the ship to the pier; peace comes from a relationship with God that holds despite the beating of the wind and waves.
 Patience preserves the best things in life by teaching you not to grab the immature, the unfinished and the undeveloped things.
 The greatest teaching in the world cannot overcome an unprepared ear.
 Attitudes, whether negative or positive, affect other people.  Remember, if you show it, you sow it!
 It's always better to be the criticized than the critic.  The one promotes, the other demotes.
 If we lose all biblical morality in our culture, the consequences will be just as grave as suspending the law of gravity.
 We can stand shoulder to shoulder without seeing eye to eye.
 Neglected issues become the seed for repetition. The rug can only hide so much dirt.
 Maturity ISNT measured by how high you raise your hands when you FEEL God, but by how straight you walk in obedience when you dont.
 Don't let the magnitude of a storm today cause you to forget that Jesus can walk on water and get in your boat.
 The joy Jesus gives is not circumstantial happiness. It's a joy that endures through turmoil and testing.
 Anything worth  complaining about is worth praying about.
 The healthiest part of the donut is the hole. Unfortunately, you have to eat through the rest of the donut to get there.Lol
 "Many have failed God while working for Him, but no one has ever failed God while walking with Him." T W Barnes
 God is preparing you for what He has already prepared for you!
 Opportunity paged me, tweeted me, linked me, e-mailed me, poked me, faxed me and spammed me... but I was expecting it to knock.Lol
 Wayne Cordeiro: "God turned your ears forward so you'd listen to His promises for your future not what people are saying behind your back."
 The most effective leaders are aware of the whole room, not just their front row fans.
 If u have never stepped foot out of the boat, be careful not to criticize those who walk on the water & sink...
 Consider the end of a path before flirting with it's beginning. If you don't want its end, then don't flirt with its beginning.
 A bulldog can whip a skunk any day but some fights arent worth it.lol
 I'm convinced whenever you're about to go to a new level the warfare intensifies. Be battle wise and not battle weary.
 We must embrace pain and  burn it as fuel for our journey!
 The pain of discipline weighs 1lb-the pain of regret weighs a ton!
 Speak when you're angry and it will be the best speech you'll ever regret!!
 A sharp tongue sometimes cuts it's own throat!
 Education is when you read the fine print. Experience is what you get if you don't!Lol
 It's the man who waits 4 his ship to come in who's always missing the boat!
 Prayer is exhaling the spirit of man + inhaling the Spirit of God!
 Q: How do sheep in Mexico say Merry Christmas? A: Fleece Navidad!
 Stealing someone's coffee is called 'mugging'.
 Don't try to fit God into your tiny plan for your life, instead pray that He will make room for you in His master plan.
 Jealousy is such an ignorant outlook. There's more than enough blessing, favor & opportunity to go around.
 Never doubt in the dark what God told you in the light!
 Never let your memories be stronger than your vision or else you will get stuck in your past!
 Jesus paid it all, but has He gotten everything He paid for In our lives?
 One taste of Jesus, and you're forever ruin for the taste of this world.
 Storms reveal who is a disciple and who's just in the crowd.
 Some record history and follow maps, others make history and seize new frontiers.
 "Remember this December; That love weighs more than gold." ~Josephine D. Bacon
