  congradulations! Praise God from whom all blessings flow!
 I am currently brainstorming domain names for my design portfolio site. Those of you who know me, any ideas? 
  sorry to make your joke all theological, but I wonder how many of us are genuinely faux in our honesty with eachother.
 Um.. was that thunder? It set off car alarms.
 TRUTH// RT  Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is knowing not to put a tomato in a fruit salad. - Anonymous
 So I think our car is going kaput.  
  FREEEEEEEDDDDOOOOMMMMMMM
  whoot whoot as all the cool kids say!
 I posted a few questions I want your thoughts on: 
 New at the blog:: Theology Questions 
  Great way of saying it! I wonder how many of us Xians do that via social Media profiles...
  Isn't an org's mission statement an underpinning part of their story? I agree with you, just asking out loud.
 Theology Questions 
  I feel the same way. How would you rather see people talk/write about this topic?
 RT  Maybe your website would be less "full of assholes" if you avoided linkbait headlines.
 Wow! I've spent 2 days, 17 hours and 14 minutes of my life sending tweets. What about you? Find out at 
 New blog post ||: Theology Questions 
 Writing code in the afternoon always makes me tired.
  Yep. It's a rebranding fail. Just as disconnected as it has been.
  So true. Jesus is our savior, not our faith our belief, or anything else. Jesus Saves.
 Break from web work. Need something to watch and clear my head... What's on Hulu?
  Yes! and the gchat integration.
  Have you seen photos over there? It's great. I would rather use that than twitpic or whatever.
  So far, Twitter is my sound bite station, G+ more unpacked ideas/comments, more media on G+ for sure.
  Differnet feeds for different needs... or soemthing witty like that.
  Things will change when the API comes out. Even then, I may keep my Twitter and G+ sharing separate.
  You can always send the message to just yourself. Then no one see's it.
 More coffee needed
  And now i'll be spending all my time on G+. Google owns my soul.
  Sweet! I hadn't seen the update of this plugin! (replying from my G+ page)
 Who's fixing web sitesand creating <div> categories? This guy. 
  Wuss. Sleep is for the weak!
 RT  social justice and fetishizing politics - I had an interesting conversation online today about the... 
  or send a triad into a community to find the people already in the community to form a mission team
  yes! I'm trying to say the same thing. Plant a group of elders (to pastor) and others in a community
 New at the blog:: What would you invest in? 
  Pastors=Elders. They model community to the larger community, just as the Trinity models it to humanity.
  Right. For me, inherent in the idea of pastors is plurality and the "5 fold" from Eph 4.11-16
  It's justification for taking a cab home from work due to your sloshed state.
  Just thought of this: I want to plant pastors in communities, not churches in cities. Your thoughts?
  Yes. It breaks my hearts that many pastors want to trade their shepherd staff for a "life coach" hand book
  Everybody needs them a handful of those folks... Didn't they used to be called "pastors"?
  Well shoot, if it's gonna make me cool...
 What would you invest in? 
 New blog post ||: What would you invest in? 
    is becoming one of the JR's like some initiation in to  ;)
 Sleep now. More to code and design tomorrow... 
  MIddle of the night and im still awake. I might as well be in the east cost.
  Nope. Still the middle of the night. That's why Im drinking coffee.
  Thanks for turning me on to the Cults. My ears thank you.
  I just want to be one of the cool kids. ;)
  if this turn out to be a big joke, I blame you. :)
 more early adopter action anyone?// I just reserved my MoreFrom.me username. Grab yours now  via  
  That would actually be a sin. Jesus would not approve.
  That's just the late adopters and the people who can't let go of the weekend.
 Dear clients site: you may be covered in needless php, but I'm about to own you. Welcome to your upgrade.
  Cool beans.
  That's 'cause she had vodka.
  Cool. Let me check my work sched, and maybe early next week?
  What do your weeks usually look like?
  I'm just really hungering to see/be a part of good church planting happening... with Apostolic imagination (ht 
  That's rad. Deffinatly want to hear more about your story, and the larger idea. Maybe partner as I can.
  Aren't  and  hooked up with Ecclesia too? I dig that network. Hard.
  Rob work with you and 
  Awe man. We had some sickness in the house. Stayed home. We gotta get together some time soon!
  havent been in a few weeks, but we go to the Quimby gathering.
   with great power comes great responsibility...
 Testing out  I blame 
 "Technology's a killer, right"
  Wait, what? Really? we are still having these debates?
 Yep, Dryve is still one of my go to bands for good music. 
  Nope. Pin as in .
  Dude, so glad your getting back to your peoples! And boob sweat
  Ha ha... you said tooter. 
 Alright: I'm ready to start using pinterest like a mofo. Tips on best ways to pin like a said mofo. And go!   
 RT  The less religious I get, the more I love God.
    You all are some kinda whack! It's awesome, but still, whack.
  Im just glad we aren't suffering alone. 
  So ya, the 3 days of summer we have here in PDX have now been rained out. THERE IS NO HOPE ONLY CHILLS AND MORE RAIN!
 New blog post ||: On the Verge: Review 
 New at the blog:: On the Verge: Review 
  Needs... you have them.
 On the Verge: Review 
 New blog post ||: On the Verge: Review 
 I now have more Deftones and Daft Punk in my world. I blame Spotify. Oh look, the Cars are on...
 So, I now have a Spotify account. What music should I be listening to?
 I just got one of the first US Spotify accounts because I have Klout!    Find out if you're eligible:  
  I think you should embrace the fro as long as the wife will let you.
  I ment, even if he does look all nuts.
  I love Watts, even if he dies
  ultimately, isn't that just a nice way of saying crazy homeless dude ;)
  I blogged another this a bit ago. Maybe this will help you out: Color not truth 
   o
  Thanks man. I appreciate it!
    also looks to have some good hosting solution.
  Talk to  He's been a great hosting service for me.
  Huge props right there. My work has been mainly in WP. Time to lead the nest, and make the code & design all mine.
  Right now, wanting to get some hard core portfolio action going on so I can present my skill/experience to an employer.
  Then, php/javascript, and lastly, CGI
  right now starting to recode 100000words into a portfolio site. Gotta nail down a clean CSS/HTML like a hammer.
 Im gonna start hand coding websites. Sort of over whelmed at this idea, but it has to be done. I need a stable job.
  Honey Badger don't give a shit
  Not boring at all. I'm excited for this discussion.
 Photo: johnthelutheran: 
 Currently: My boy is dancing to "The Rockafella Skank", banana in hand.
  LOL! awesome. :)
   Sweet! I have achieved awesome!
   Only if I get my own head band thingy, ninja stars, and a hawk.
   maybe we should use the word "survivor" instead? IE: blogging survivor, parenting survivor, Social Media survivor...
 Have you gotten Google+ fever yet? 
  Praying you get some rest despite the buggy interruption.
 Time for some coffee and some late night creativity. Who's with me?
  we want you in us... wait that came out awkward. Let me try again: I want to be on you.  
 RT  We don't get to hold God to the Westminster Standards.
  Hooray!
   Either way, my mac coveting will remain unfulfilled. They are just so damn expensive!
   highly tempted to turn my one windows into a ubuntu beast. Haven't used vim or Emacs though. Gonna have to learn
  Well, that and margaritas.
 Crap. I have a feeling that if I'm going to get serious about hand coding websites, I'm going to start wanting a mac.
  That's ok. Just put them in a "I like you, but I don't really want to talk to you" circle, and call it good.
  I feel weird knowing what comes out of a celebrities vagina.  
  Who what now? Man, I am so not in the hip about celebrity sexy times, babies, and drug binges these days.
   Yes. You can block any user from their profile page.
  If that's the path you need to take, do it with gusto!
  Sorry to hear that. Should we just burn the mother down?
  {insert vodka}
  Whoot whoot!
  PS invite sent.
  I don't know about that... But I did save 15% by switching to Geico.
  Invite sent. :)
  Sweet! DM me your email, and I'm on it!
 I have invites to Google+. Who wants one?
 Alright... time for bed. See you cats in about 4 hours.
 New header and some changes to the site lay out at . Got any feedback for me? I love that stuff!!  
  Thanks. Good to "meet" you. :)
  er, make that 
  just connected with you via Google+. You can find  me at gplus.to/culturalsavage
 Currently: working on some (re)branding for my design site as I move towards creating a kick ass online portfolio.  
  632
  :) I only speak the truth! Wine, Beer, coffee... it's like heaven only more rain and hippies than you would have imagined.
  Yes it is. And, we have crazy good beer.
   and for this we praise God richly!
   I think that seeimg missio dei as preceding, proceeding from, and leading back to the table fights the trendy.
   I still see the table put forth as important when Churches are Jesus obsessed, rather than cause driven.
   Agreed, mostly. However, I am waiting to see what the next *trend* that will over shadow it will be.
   This is why you are john*THE LUTHERAN* ;) Seriously though, you are correct.
  You Tube vs the Table of Jesus: it's a classic fight. *gah*
  I don't doubt it. It breaks my heart, but i know its true.
  Somewhere, some pastor is using that clip for his sermon illustration/outline
   UGH! Nuts to that!
  BOO! So Eustice "gets saved" instead of receiving death and new life from Jesus. How fantastic and deadly to the spirit.
   Stupid hollywood messing with literary pictures of new birth.
   Only thrown in? What about the *nature* change Eustice can't manage? He can clean himself, but it's not enough.
  Ah. Never saw the new film. The old BBC one, yes! Where does the film take it?
   Wait, what? Why does that passage lose baptismal symbolism?
  Like steals it from you (content and all) or does writes their own exactly like yours?
  Skull Candy has some nice ones. They are my go to head phones. Boise has some good ones as well.
  That was so bad... so bad and awesome :) How is he doing state side w/ your sister?
  Bwahahahaha!... wait, did you get a cow?
  Are you feeling better at all? Do you now have a robot hand? DID THE ALIENS TAKE YOUR BABY!?!?!
  turducken is proof of God's common grace and an argument for universal salvation.
  No you are awesome... and I win at the internet so I know my awesome. ;)
  You, my friend... you win.
  How are you today girl? Been thinking/praying about you.
  YES!!! THIS!!!
 4(ish) days to finish and review  My head is swimming with these ideas already.
  Punch them in the spleen!
 RT  Google+ is now open to anyone with a Google account.  and sign up! 
 Mere Churchianity – Chapter 4 
 New at the blog:: First words of a larger missional conversation 
  anything I can do for you? (I'm praying for you anyways)
  yes. (And now I go back to work)
  Hooray! So happy for your family!
  meh... probably for some cool hipster kids somewhere.
  Oasis or the original lounge singer dude that wrote it?
  Crap Detecting FTMFW right there! "I call bull shit! Jesus Said I could!"
  I'm an ass. It's like my spiritual gift or something.
  This website I found one time about a bad missionary in Costa Rica... ;)
 First words of a larger missional conversation 
 Does anyone want to pay me to think & write things all day? I have too many ideas that need working out, & not nearly enough time to do it
  add to it some reading I'm doing from  and I have some things to write about very soon. Thanks again.
  Remember that conversation about mission we had weeks back? Just letting you know, I have been percolating w/ it for a while now
  my favorite part about that tweet is how proud you sound about it.
 Thanks to  I now realize that I am reading too many books at once.
 Enter to win a new Canon 5D MK II camera body & 1 yr  Pro membership from Scott Bourne. Please RT. Info at: 
  We got it for xmas, but haven't watched it. Worth the time I take it?
 Church Designers League is launching soon and I'm one of the first in line! Join me.   via 
 RT  “The entrance of the Son of God into the world means the spiritual conflict will be intensified.” Lane
 Everyday I'm shufflin...
  *clap clap*
  Personally, I feel tumblr makes a blog a presentation instead of a platform.
  Easy to post many different ways, Don't have to worry about the back end, (usually) clean UI
  It won't be hard to beat Wave or Buzz ;) I think in the end it's going to be a contender though.
 Face book and twitter is sooooo 2011. In the future, we have google plus. And jetpacks. 
 RT  In case someone hasn't seen it yet, & isn't out at a cookout, The Google+ 50: 50 ideas and speculations- 
  HOORAY I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE!!!!
  LOVE that book, and that series.
 Just added Google+1 button (with a custom location) to all my  posts. I win at the internet. 
 According to my toddler,  everything tastes better with a little floor on it.
  "Have any of you people actually seen a chicken?"
  Fyi, I miss GOB.
  Its like "The Love Boat" had a love child with Jareth and "Where's Waldo"
 Yes, I really just found this. And yes, I will watch it. 
  Built space ships and space epics w/ Legos, read lots, played Nintendo, pretended to be a wizard in the back yard.
  Just use a back pack. Easier to carry, and more useful over all.
  thanks. I'm just glad it was coherent.
  Still? Bwah ha ha ha! I got that for like 3 days after my initial invite.
  What is your email address? (DM me)
  Not yet anyways... he hasn't figured out how to open the lid yet. ;)
 I just got some FREE music from Sandra McCracken on   Download it here: 
 Found my phone. It was in the toy box. 
  The Pr 31 post?
 It's official: Google owns the internet.
 Can anyone help a brother out? RT  anyone have the book: Beyond Church Planting by Bob Logan & Neil Cole  they would loan me?
  its nice that your profile is your Google profile, so you don't have to spend too much time filling in info
  I got an invite earlier thus week and couldn't log on till today.
 Yep, I'm all up on the google+. No where in the internet is safe from me! 
  And if you do have any thoughts about that post I sent you, I would love to hear them.
  Same here. We will have to do this more regularly.
  here is that post I mentioned to you today about measuring our fruit. 
   Turning it into a goal for all Christian wives just feels like requiring all women to conform to one shape (imo)
   I don't think that's wrong, only that it is incomplete.
  Doesn't the Law then describe Jesus (the righteous one)? He can live this out b/c he embodies the Law of Love/good of God.
   Man, this is a conversation that is too big for twitter. Good push back though. I need it.
  Doesn't that turn pr 31 into a prescription for godly women then? And who can accomplish that?
  Will do that. What is your reservation with Pr 31? Just curious.
  ouch. If it was under full copyright, then ya.
  That sounds more like non-disclosure on the web-guy's part. Bad business and gets the client in trouble.
  I would like to see a place called pho faux... they serve chicken noodle soup and burgers.
  there is a chinese place in PDX called "Hung Far Low". I giggle lots.
 Lookie: its a gust post i did. RT  Proverbs Chapter 31 by  
 RT  Proverbs Chapter 31 by  
  Truth
  No it's not. It's my normal, sucka.
  DMed unto you.
  Yep. I'm on. Hit me.
    Yes. The circles are a smart move. We have many internet connections. the Circles are a good filter.
  Eat, then sleep.
    IT"S FROM GOOGLE!!! what more reason do you need?
  I do hope this can be my reason to let my FB die
 Now on Google+. No where in the internet is safe.
 Making Disciples 
 Proverbs 31 paints a picture of Jesus as the king *and* queen of heaven. To make it about some ideal woman is to rob Jesus of glory.
 I have a statement I want to say, but i'm actually nervous about the reaction. Do I nut up and say it, or keep my theology speak tame?
  yes. yes I am.
  Having a heart love does alter one's perspective.
  I understand. Having to work with other people is frustrating. Why can't they just all be as awesome as me? ;)
  You could always make a pseudonym to post from... Just saying.
  Ender is my son, and yes he was named after Ender's game.
  I think that's where authentic/missional campaigns fail. People want to see results, not invest in lives.
 Ender is currently playing drums to Foo Fighters. He rocks.
  Related: authentic community has no agenda. It has to time to take it slow b/c its about people, not results.
  Do they come in my size?
 Wow. TSA treats American Citizens like assumed terrorists, but a foreigner w/ an expired, stolen boarding pass he's good. 
 Happy birthday to  She's my favorite thong from the land of internet!
  Very much praying with you today. Let me know whats up.
 Alright sleep. You win this round. But tomorrow, I'm ignoring you with a fresh vengeance.
 Proverbs 31 is a trip when read through the lens of "Jesus all the way down".
 One project down, one (maybe two) to go tonight.
 Ugh, I hate size limitations for emails! So Frustrating!
 Shit. There went a half hour worth of work. Starting again...
 So, who's gonna be up with me for another late night in the candy factory? (I *may* be losing it due to sleep deprivation)
   I'm learning (over and over) that it's Jesus all the way down. Everything is about him, otherwise i'm reading it wrong.
  Don't be fooled. Smoking is cool.
  LOL! As a mutt americain writer, I still use it. Always will. Rules be damned! ;)
  Ever read "Walking on Water" by Madline L'Engle? She says the discipline of writing makes us ready for the inspiration.
 RT   Praise God from whom all first words flow, praise Him for columns which grow, Praise Father, Son & Holy Ghost
  I love that! Easily applicable to us bloggers as well.
  That is brilliant. Truly.
  Stick with what works. I usually have coffee, water, and the music in my headphones. Even then, they are elusive.
  Can't say that I have. Enlighten me, please. :)
 Starting is always the hardest part of writing. No matter how many times I do it.
  "Your Jesus is too safe" is the book your book could smell like... if it was Jesus obsessed and Gospel awake. ;)
 2 days left to enter this month's book givaway from  
  LOL!
  its a fb app I use to post my blog links to fb. Just set it up to post links to twitter as well.
  just start sacrificing sleep. Works for me and some of my projects.
  I think its a bit of mythos placed by the priests. Not that its untrue or wrong, but more lore and ritual.
  It does feel somewhat out of flow with the rest of the literature in that section. Probably just a source thing.
  lol... well thanks.
  I totally get that. Lucky for me, I'm a nobody in real life so I get to say what I want. ;)
 Syndicating my blog content to Twitter using 
  With as tired as I am, I would probably en up stabbing my eye. I need professional help with this.
  brilliant!  Now, I just need a home care nurse to put the line in...
 I do wish I had the mental space and discipline to be a more regular blogger.
 Buh... tired. Where's the coffee again?
  Is that how you start off all your dates?
 "It's Jesus all the way down" has become my mantra. I blame 
  Or at least a clause that allows one to punch people like that in the throat. I think there is something in Leviticus...
 Tired... must keep coding... need coffee... must write still... NEED COFFEE
  Yes it does. The science of it all makes sense. I'm excited to see them in action.
  Yes. I.love.it.indeed! That is so awesome. Thanks for passing that on to me man.
 Hey  have you seen this from  Looks interesting/enticing. 
 Tonight's to do list: HTML edits to a home page for a client, finish a graphic for  write a blog post for 
 RT  What The Beatles would look like If record executives got their hands on them today. (pic) 
  yes, I am glad for the effort,  and I pray the spirit would move and xform it into a Gospel movement for both sides.
  nit saying they are doing it with malice or anything.
  not at all, especaly if they are your neighbors. Segregation is never Gospel or missional.
  I'm bothered by that on so many levels. Glad God uses the efforts, but what that says about underlying thoughts troubles me.
  wow, I'm in conversations with the mom. I'm homered. :)
  that is sad. In ways, it's like making ethnic minestry something for "second class" people.
  oh snap! Ya that is bad.
   great point.
  maybe... but we do for sure have crappy, canned marketing!
 Challenging (and much needed) call from  to stop fundung church plants, and start funding missionaries. 
  If you want to be all hip and cool, wait till late night and hit up the food carts down town.
  Mexican food: La Calaca Comelona  
  Greek food: Alexis Restaurant  
  Dragonfish or Mio Sushi are good sushi places.
  Also, google map search "McMinnimans" Any of their places are great. Pub food, good beer.
  Oh wait, You should check out the Montage :301 se Morrison, Portland, OR
  How fancy are you looking to go? Like is a brew-pub too "underbelly" for you?
  What part of down town PDX are you in?
  I do as well. But that Article did raise some great cultural indicators, and some thoughts on early church practice.
 RT  RT  "My mission is to introduce Christianity into Christendom." -Kierkegaard via  
   ya. Pics or it didn't happen.
 As long as you are looking for traditional qualifications, you're going to get traditional results, even in "emerging media".
  you should have kneed him in the nuts and said, "I've never done that before".
  Why are the evangelists always so creep-ish and/or trying to be hip and cool?
  Now if I could just get this if/ifeither php querry to pick up the links I want it to I could rule the world.
  Some really meaningful conversations did happen b/c of those encounters, but ya, so awkward and uncomfortable.
  I used to love when friends and i would get evangelized to while smoking at the coffee shop.
  Saran wrap. That is all.
  you should get a parrot to sit on your left shoulder and warn you of those serial killers.
  Use it as a new form of discipline: Go poop in the potty or so help me i will make you watch Nanny McPhee!
  And you win. Have a dilly bar.
  noted.
 And Candlebox just transported me back to the 90's.
  Lately, I've been obsessed with "Christ in you, the hope of glory" (from Colossians 1.3-27).
 Reading the whole sweep of Scripture -NT Wright (Video) 
  It's no longer I who live, but now Christ lives in me.
  India? Mexico? Antartica?
  Africa?
  WTF is that!?!?!? Are you now photographing demons with your iphone?
 Great thoughts from  about why Pheobe's mention in the bible is a strong argument for women leadership in church 
  This... yes!!!!!!
  At least your not crossing out pants.
 45 min past midnight. A perfect time for coffee and writing.
 RT  Cookie Dough Ice Cream is literally the most genius invention of all time.  Kicks the iPad's ass.
  Sorry if my words aren't clear.
  I'm saying that the Bible doesn't start the conversation of Justice with Hell and punishment. We shouldn't either.
  when we people start the conversation about justice from the topic of hell, we have already gotten it wrong.
  part of the biblical conversation yes, but not the defining word on the matter.
  It talks about justice, punishment, and the result of our life (fruit). Hell isn't the final word about justice or punishment.
  our existence starts, thus our experience of eternity. This is what I meant.
  Tthey are not equal. Then again, they aren't really separate either. Eternity starts now. Here caries through the vale of death.
  Didn't mean to preach, It's just all related in my head.
  So when we start using hell and punishment to talk about justice, I think we are asking the wrong questions.
  if we don't accept his offer of forgiveness, healing, acceptance, etc... we remain broken in our relation w/God, thus separation.
  I see it this way: Jesus paid for our moral failure, provided forgiveness and made the way for us to start becoming whole.
  The concept of Hell is about that eternal separation, not about some divine wrathful God who needs to punish.
  it says we are broken and full of sin-sickness. That is what keeps us separate from God.
  Right. I don't think hell really is about god's justice. The bible doesn't say we have to pay for our bad deeds (that's karma).
  Could it be that our concept of justice is simply incomplete? Not totally wrong, but lacking in understanding perfect justice?
  So, justice is served then how?
  Lord, hear our prayers
 RT  In the event there is a rapture: there needs to be a BOGO Free Sale at Krispy Kreme!
 Thinking about  challenge to "pass the peace", and what that means in a field full of "wheat and tares".
  True... but then I have to meet people and be all social. *shudder*
 If I keep running into people that are part of the same circle, is it a hint that I should join with that circle of people in their mission?
  Only if you understand of hell is based on karma.
  No I haven't
  My prayer tonight is that the Spirit would interrupt with real Gospel tomorrow morning.
  How many Sunday morning services will try and make Christianity look good & hip tomorrow? How many crappy stories will we tell?
  HA! Yes!
  But we don;t need a marketable story: we need love and renewed hearts that still bleed.
  I think we try to make faith/gospel too marketable some times. We want to "sell" it well.
  yes! a real Gospel (good news) for real people, with a real hero/savior. Good storys of honesty and hurt, filled with Grace
  Otherwise, our kids will grow up thinking Jar Jar Binks is a great character (so to speak)
  I was just thinking about this today: how we tell the true story of Gospel in our own lives needs to have substance not glitter
  Lesson for Christians/Church here: you cannot expect past greatness to carry you. You must have great stories for here & now.
  It feel the same way the new Star Wars did: a cheap knock off and no story at all.
  I feel you on that one. Raiders was defiantly (by far) the best of them all.
  Raders of the Lost Ark and Last Crusade are both good imo. Temple of doom is jsut fun. This one, is stupid
 Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is a dumb movie.
  I (still) think we need to re-understand what it means to be the Church, and re-think  what we do because of tradition.
  Shouldn't fellowship (sharing life) happen outside a formal gathering?
  True, but is that the real reason for our coming together as believers?
   That is awesome! Such a blessing! So glad to hear that!
  yes. Those two questions are highly connected, and telling of how we identify ourselves as the church.
 please answer the following question: Why are we having a gathering (church) tomorrow morning?
  Tell her, "I only promise not to drop a double deuce in their bathroom. Beyond that, it's out of my control."
 Sudden mean snark/hot anger at christian language/talk proves it: I'm still a recovering angry young Christian.
  It's been since about '03 for me. I used to find all sorts of gems in there.
  That old stuff is great. I used to use Rad Rocker to find CD's of old stuff, but even those sell out after a while.
  Dang. Ya, I had like 4 albums. I wasn't nearly as in debt to them as you. Someday, we will free all your music.
  Ya, when that started, I cut my losses and jumped ship. I can't handle something requiring me to use it alone for what I buy.
 If we keep bumping into "God's justice vs fairness" when talking about sin &"hell", we are probably asking the wrong questions.
  I understand that. It's hard to break away from the old systems sometimes.
  Name it and claim it brother.
  Your right... if the issue was just about actions done. But sin is a sickness. Unless we are made well we remain separate from God.
  than we start asking different questions and see God's actions in a different light.
  The issue of hell revolves around sin. If sin is about actions, then yes God is not just. If it's more about condition & sickness..
  I agree that justice that is one sided is not justice. But is that really the case with "hell"?
   As I sai, fairness is subjective to experience; Justice is an appeal to reality to true good. We don't see that all the time here
  If justice is about the rightness of something, then "fair" or not it remains justice.
  The reparations I am required to make for a DUII might as well bankrupt my family. Is that fair? No. Just? Maybe.
  It's just as much about our personal choices & heart orientation as it is about God's justice/fairness.
  I'm suggesting we are asking the wrong questions if this is where the conversation goes.
  Fairness & justice are not interchangeable. Justice appeals to reality. Fairness, to our experience. That is all I'm saying.
 Tired... must finish (at least) the html for this page...
  Lean in hard!
 Dear headache: it's been a full two days now. you can stop any time now. Love, me. 
 No. I was wondering for the budget piece. But I forgot, you are in the great North.
  What service are you with?
  I had the same things happening to me. Switched to an android, and never looked back.
  ya. I hate them to.
  smoking radiator leak, oil leak...
 I am attempting to fix our car. Pray for me.
  In more ways than you know. (I'm thinking back into the OT Laws of taking care of your neighbor)
