 RT  Repeat this in your mind at any moment of stress or upset: Nothing has any meaning save the meaning I give it. -  ...
 Get positive energy at the beach! RT  Feng Shui Your Beach Day! by  - 
   Will do! We look forward to a relaxing day at your hotel after a busy week in and around Marrakech.Thanks!
  How about Feng Shui'ing your office at OWN in LA? I've shui'd many people you know. It would be my joy! www.jaymebarrett.com
 Detach from trying to control outcomes of the people in your lives. It frees up your energy to plan YOUR life and manifest YOUR goals.
  Looking forward to buying 4 spa passes for Friday, Sept 23! Any specials for 4 of us coming to enjoy a special birthday?
 Amazing Ted talk! Amy Purdy tells how our lives are not determined by what happens to us, but by the choices we make.   
 RT  The attitude of faith is to let go, & become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be: Alan Watts
 RT  Do you want to increase your productivity? It's not too late to sign-up for my recording w/   ...
  That would be great! Perhaps you can direct message me your name and email address so I can contact you when I'm there. Thanks!
 "I've never been a millionaire but I just know I'd be darling at it." Dorothy Parker  
 Dreaming of Marrakech? Only 2 spots left on my yoga & feng shui retreat in Morocco! Details   via 
  Great! I'm leading a retreat in Sept & we are staying at a riad in the medina. Would love to check out the hotel at that time!
 Are your weekends fun & relaxing? Feng Shui Your Weekend with these tips! 
 Thanks! Hope to tour your hotel in Sept when I'm there. Good feng shui? RT  Hi Jayme ... Nice blog! 
 Feng Shui Your Kid's Rooms by   via 
 4 sure! RT  Sounds like  had quite the impact. I would do well to spruce up my work station.
 Happy my tips worked for you! RT A mini desk makeover thanks to  tips and now I'm ready to write and create!
 On my Morocco retreat, eating here 1 night!  The Magic of the Jemaa el Fna Market in Marrakech - Morocco: 
 Start the day with a prayer or intention before turning on your computer. Your sweet intention sets the tone for a successful day!
 It's about Love. It's about Compassion. It's about Kindness & Faith. It has nothing to do with Luck. You get what you give so Give Good!
 "Feel the fear and do it anyway." One of my mottos & a title of a book by Susan Jeffers. Didn't read the book but the title says it all!
  Thanks! I appreciate you too!
 RT  Only 2 spots left on  Magical Marrakech Retreat ! Details at  
 RT  Know well what leads you forward & what holds you back, & choose the path that leads to wisdom: Buddha
 I'll be at my first pro soccer game tonight! Real Madrid vs new dad David Beckham in LA. Wish me luck in the crowds!
 Wealth now! RT  Are u stuck in a money drought? Listen to my free call with  to get unstuck. 
 Thanks for RT Love!!  
  Love peonies!! Check out my pink bouquet I got for my wedding anniversary.  
 Thanks for the RT Love!       
  Love your Marrakech posts! Leading a retreat there in Sept. Do you remember the name of the French shop in Gueliz? Or street?
 Put toilet seat down & bathroom door closed to keep water (money energy) from being flushed down the toilet! See pic 
  5 Natural Stress Busters for Your Home from  !     
 Amazon's Jayme Barrett Page. Learn about her book "Feng Shui Your LIfe" and more!  via 
 These pink peonies make me so happy! Pink flowers are great for bringing the energy of love & gratitude into the home. 
  Thank you! Wishing you the same. :)
 Begin each day with a prayer, an intention, or a dedication. It connects u to a deeper purpose as u go about your day. 
  You're welcome Sadie! Appreciate your kind words. :)
 Don't envy others. It wastes time & energy. Be grateful for what u have & take actions to manifest what is right for u. 
  Yes, kids take energy. Make time at night to de-stress & replenish your energy with a sea salt bath. 
 "When you go to a garden, do you look at thorns or flowers? Spend more time with roses and jasmine." Rumi  
 If u need more energy, spend quality time with people u experience a positive energy exchange with & limit those where u feel depleted.
  Luv ur pics! Join my Morocco retreat in Sept!  RT  Morocco anyone? Images to inspire 
 "Feng Shui creates a space that supports ur vision for ur life, so that u feel happy, healthy & motivated." Via   
 RT  To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself. - Thich ...
 Loving doing yoga in the morning at home! Anyone have a favorite DVD to recommend?  
 Inspiring post from a woman who used feng shui to rebuild her home & life after her house exploded & she was inside. 
 YUM! RT Sometimes the absolute best way to eat an avocado with simply on a fork with a bit of sea salt. 
 We're visiting these on my Morocco retreat Sept 16! RT  The most beautiful places to visit in Marrakech 
 "It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." Henry David Thoreau   
 Crazy good as is your french toast! YUM! RT  COOKIES!! We bake 'em fresh all day long...yummmmy! 
 Thanks for RTs & FF -     
 Thanks for RTs & FF!!       
 On July 4th, liberate yourself! Free yourself from clutter, negative thinking & unhealthy habits!     
  Alecia - What are your favorite hammams in Marrakech? Need recs to send my retreat ladies on arrival day. Thanks! Jayme
 People in Morocco greet each other by touching their heart & saying "Peace be unto you." How do you greet people? 
  How about coming to Marrakech with us in Sept? :) A Moroccan cooking class & review awaits you! xo  
 So true! RT  Love is a journey, not a destination ♡
 Thanks!!  With Love and Gratitude~     
 Cultivate curiosity, optimism & perseverance! Expect the best from the Universe!  
  Nice article at  . I used to host women's salons much like their Thursday dinners. Loved the girl time!
 Love her budget finds! Good feng shui too! RT  A gorgeous beach house on a budget!  via 
 Jayme Barrett's June Newsletter - 5 Natural Stress Busters for your Home!     
 A good friend is cheaper than therapy! Today, send a friend an unexpected "thanks for always being there!" 
 Happy Photos = Happy Memories! Throw out pics u feel are not flattering or ones taken when u weren't happy.  
 RT  “Before you can win, you have to believe you are worthy.” ~ Mike Ditka
  I agree! Kindness is universal and we can all agree that it's the best way to navigate in this world.
 "Oh my lord! Verily the bath is the Paradise of this world." A Thousand and One Nights. Check out this luscious tub! 
 My religion is very simple, my religion is kindness. - The Dalai Lama
 Thx for RTs!    
  Love it! I've got DiamondBarratta pics in my book "Feng Shui Your Life" Their colors bring such joy! 
  Thanks so much! I didn't know my book is used at Mt. Royal College as a manual. Putting out an updated 2nd edition in 2012.
 RT   Feng Shui Your Life by Jayme Barrett  is easy to read with beautiful photos. Mt Royal Co ...
 Happy 8th Anniversary to my book "Feng Shui Your Life!   (On Amazon  ) 2nd edition coming in 2012!
 Love it & all their patterns! RT   Owl pillow I made out of an  dish towel.
 Do you have a dog, cat or bird? Read Jayme Barrett's tips to Feng Shui Your Pet (via  ) 
 Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life!  
   Love the views in Tangier Morocco! Excited to go back in Sept. Leading a retreat in Marrakech! 
  Thanks much! I loved my bouquet with a picture of my angel mom fixing my hair as a little girl. She was with me! xo
  Peonies are my favorite flower! I used pink & red ones in my wedding bouquet! Good feng shui 4 love! 
 "Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it. " Ferris Bueller
  RT  (Jayme Barrett) Join my 8 day Feng Shui, Yoga, Shopping & Sightseeing Trip to Morocco 
 RT  Get by with a little help from my friends ... 
 RT  - 8 Feng Shui Tips for Travel Keepsakes by  !     
 2 spots left! Join my 8 day Feng Shui, Yoga, Shopping & Sightseeing Trip to  Sept 16-23rd -   
  Have you seen The Energy of Flowers video? See how Flowers Fuel the Soul & Create Inspiring Spaces!  
 Happy Father's Day to all the fabulous, loving, supportive fathers in the world! 
 It's a New Day! Each morning you wake is a chance to begin a new way of thinking, a new behavior, a new dream! 
  Thanks for the RT! Love your recipe for Oreo Stuffed Chocolate Chip Cookies | Momtastic: 
 Join Jayme Barrett's expanded conversation on Facebook with daily tips on  for your mind, spirit and spaces! 
 Clutter can affect your physical health. I worked with 2 women whose clutter has created mental & emotional stress... 
 "The hero is no braver than the ordinary man (or woman), but he is brave five minutes longer." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
 How exciting! What are the dates?  Organising TEDx Marrakech - so many inspirational speakers to choose from..
  Love the re-design of your new offices in NYC! Lots of great feng shui & the colors are fabulous. Job well done!
 Thanks M'Kaela!   authors I recommend are Jayme Barrett, Denise Linn & Karen Kingston & Nancy SantoPietro.
 5 Easy Feng Shui Tips to Boost Romance in the Bedroom. Written by Jayme Barrett for     
 RT   - yum! 
 Simple  tips to DE-STRESS from Jayme Barrett  Also, video for calming entrance rituals & colors. 
 Cheerfulness keeps up a kind of daylight in the mind, filling it with a steady and perpetual serenity. Joseph Addison 
 RT  It's not too late to listen to our SheBrand Superstar call with feng shui expert  
  - Glad you like the topic! I did a make-over on The Today Show a few years back. See here 
  Hi! In NYC until Friday. If u need a "healthy office" or "nursery" segment on Fox News, let me know. :) www.jaymebarrett.com
 Thnx! RT Jayme Barrett  on  Met Jayme when she came to my office to discuss her website 
 NYC bound! Happy to be feng shui'ing in the city! 2 appt. times available if u want to  your life/home/office! www.jaymebarrett.com
 Inspiring!  producing an Arabic song in  called "Tomorrow/Bokra" to bring hope to  
  I'll be in NYC/Village next week! Any design/decor stores you highly recommend?  is always a must when I'm there.
  Love all your recipes! They are delicious and it's so helpful that you always give gluten-free options!
 RT  Discover how to increase your energy, productivity and cash with best-selling author,  . ...
 RT  Happy  new tweeties buds!        ...
 Thanks for RTs & FF!         
 Zen Charging Station! Nice green, grassy way to recharge your electronics.  
  Absolutely! Intention is the beginning of all manifestation.
 Writing at a coffeehouse is great  for me. Here I can focus & creativity flows. I tune out everything & get good work done. Ahhh:)
 Don't give up on your dreams and innovative ideas! Keep them alive in a journal or make a manifestation board! Then, take action!
 I really hope so! RT  Is the Earth balancing and nourishing herself in ways we can't see? ~Will Taegel
 Feng Shui Your Friends by  ! - 
 On   lavishly decorated  apt in 3 days! What would u buy if money wasn't an object?  
 Calling all New Yorkers who need Feng Shui!  Jayme will be consulting next week in the city. www.jaymebarrett.com
 When going on an exercise walk, say affirmations. It becomes a walking meditation that positively energizes your body, mind & spirit!
 “You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.” ~Buddha (via 
 RT  6 Feng Shui Tips to Improve Your Health, Happiness, and Vitality from  
 Hope you are energizing your spirit and enjoying your family/friends this Memorial Day weekend!
  Love your designs! If your clients want feng shui, I'd love to help! I work with celebs, Bouchon BH etc. Like to connect.
  Love the Moroccan Wedding Blanket in Brooklyn Collection pic! I got one in Morocco - wrote about it here 
 May Newsletter! Shop "Shui-fully" on your Travels. Bring home items that add positive energy to your home & life! 
 Join my feng shui discussion on creating positive energy in your space & life on Facebook here! 
 Loved what  said in her last show! "We are responsible for the energy we put out into the world" 
 RT  Twitter hugs!        ...
  I'll be in NYC June 7-11 feng shui consulting. Feel free to message me if you or a friend needs a boost of energy!
 You're welcome! Glad to have you on the call! RT   Love the call and your book.   Thank you!
  Mantra - "People Love to Give Me Money for a Job Well Done." 
 I so enjoyed giving my 10 Feng Shui Tips for Prosperity tonight! Thanks to  for inviting me to be her Shebrand Superstar!
 RT  Life is movement. Movement is change. Every time a sub molecular particle swings through time and space, something is ...
 Don't miss my call 2nite at 5pm PST with  where I'll share (at least!) ten tips for life & biz prosperity: 
 Join Jayme in Marrakech Sept 16-23! Retreat includes 7 nights hotel, most meals, daily yoga, daily  class.. 
 So true! RT  The future depends on what we do in the present. - Gandhi 
 RT  Are you in a money drought? Don't miss my call with  to learn 10 tips for prosperity: 
 RT  Today's Good Thing: Display jewelry as art while keeping it organized with this simple craft project. 
 RT  There's enough on this planet for everyone's needs but not for everyone's greed. ~ Gandhi
 RT  I'm in!  How to use feng shui to thrive in your biz - don't miss my call with  on 5/24: ht ...
 Glad you will join our call! RT Esp with what I do! Love the whole energy & arranging things to flow. 
 Jayme  Consulting in NYC area, NJ & CT. June 7-11th Email www.jaymebarrett.com to set up appointment. More  
 Looking forward to sharing my secret 10 Feng Shui Tips to Prosperity on a call with  Sign up here  
 RT  10 Tips to Feng Shui Your Way to Prosperity:  Don't miss my SheBrand Superstar call w/ 
 Today is the most powerful full moon of the year! Meditate & send blessings of love, light & peace to all.  
 Flameless candles are good  They're great for the office, baby's room or to energize a space where ...
 Happy Photos = Happy Memories! Throw out pics you feel are not flattering or ones taken when you weren't happy.  
 Happiness is like a kiss! You must share it to enjoy it! Let's share our happiness today and watch the ripple effect. :)
 Every night before bed, write  that happened during the day. It helps you focus on the positive. 
 If u can't sleep at night, put your headboard on a solid wall (not under a window), & limit the amount of books in the room. No mirrors!
 Wonderful! RT  - YouTube - The Power of Words 
 "U don't need to add anything or do anything to be more special than u already are. Just because u are "you" is why the world smiles on u.
 ‎"This Is Your Life, Do What You Love, Stop Over Analyzing, Live Your Dream, Wear Your Passion!" 
 Follow your heart today!
 Saw the author of  on The Today Show. Looks like a great book to make you remember the awesome little things in life.
 Peace on earth is our wish; a place where we can practice our own faith, respect other faiths & treat each other as we wish to be treated.
 Loved the royal wedding! They looked very much in love. I thought the speeches were quite meaningful about what marriage stands for.
 RT  Perhaps love is the process of my leading you gently back to yourself. -- Antoine de Saint-Exupery
 Cut yourself some slack and lighten up. My mom used to tell me “Angels fly because they take themselves lightly.” (GK Chesterton)
 As we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.- Nelson Mandela 
 Happy Easter! Hope your day is joyous. Eggs symbolize new life so let's discover new projects to birth this year full of sweet surprises!
 If u need more energy, spend quality time with people u experience a positive energy exchange with & limit those where u feel depleted.
 Celebrate  Day by taking at least 1 new action to preserve our earth. Buy local foods, ride bike/walk, use sustainable products.
 Humankind has not woven the web of life. We are but one thread within it. Whatever we do to the web, we do to ourselves. Chief Seattle 1855
 If you live outside of CA, you can still get my personalized feng shui advice for your home or office by phone consult. www.jaymebarrett.com
 Feng Shui Means, 'Make More Money' by Mike Rogers - Great ideas don't come from filth! Recommends Jayme Barrett's book 
 Happy Passover! Let's gain freedom from things that enslave us. No more clutter, negative self-talk, unhealthy friendships/situations!
 Happy to write for you! RT  Feng Shui Your Friends by  ! 
 Are your friends positive & supportive or are they sucking your energy dry? Learn how to feng shui your friends here - 
 RT  Simple de-stressing at home tips video from my friend, Jayme Barrett - Feng Shui Your Life.  My favorite one:... http ...
 So important! RT Volunteer.Help Others. It's the Right Thing to Do, & It Will Boost Your Happiness. 
  Thanks for all your positive comments! Affirmations & decluttering so important! Maybe you can come to Morocco next year?
 RT   vertical organization is especially great for smaller spaces. Very true. De-cluttering is very uplifting!
 RT  Try these celeb feng shui tips from  to slim down your house: 
 You're welcome! RT  THANK YOU for your help!
 Simple  tips to DE-STRESS from Jayme Barrett   Also, video for calming entrance rituals & colors. 
 Interesting since people always want me to sign their book! RT Would You Sign My Kindle? 
 Email if you live in the NYC area & want a feng shui consultation! Jayme Barrett will be there in the next 2 months. www.jaymebarrett.com
 "There is more to life than increasing its speed." - Mahatma  
  Great colors for increasing health in your bathroom are yellow and green. Blue for serenity. Lavender for spirituality!
 Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover."  
 RT  Discover this SheBrand Superstar's  marketing tip for female entrepreneurs  
 Thanks for sharing Antony! RT Amazon.com: Feng Shui Your Life, Jayme Barrett, Mary Steenburgen: Books 
 Thanks Liz!  Check out this week's results-oriented SheBrand Superstar  
 Info & Pricing about my   retreat Sept 16-23! Only 4 spots left! 
 Fantastic Charles! Hope she likes it! RT   I gave my mum your book for mothers day! 
  Loved hearing you are letting go of the collections that make you sad & don't move you toward your fab future! Congrats!
 Keep your  from accumulating on the floor or else you'll be depleted & stuck. Get proper storage to get your stuff UP & organized.
 Are your collections taking over your space or life? Do they keep you stuck in the past or do you feel they enhance your daily life?
  You can find it in your local library. Energize your wealth center of your living room and bedroom. Chapter 5 & 6
 RT  Cut not the wings of your dreams, for they are the heartbeat and the freedom of your soul. ~ Flavia Weedn ∞*˚°•.❤.•°˚*∞
  Your Wealth Center is missing! Buy "Feng Shui Your Life" at Amazon to learn how to remedy! 
 Bonnie - Thnx for sharing!! RT   Reading (and using) your book and loving it. Just wanted you to know.
 When going on an exercise walk, I say my affirmations. It becomes a walking meditation that positively energizes your body, mind & spirit!
 "Follow Your Bliss" today! Spend time with a loved one, do something fun, express your creativity!  
 Set realistic goals! If your goal is to get in shape, start with small action steps like - I'll cook a new healthy recipe once a week!
 "Don't give in to your fears. If you do, you won't be able to talk to your heart." Paul Coehlo via 
 I'm so happy you are feeling happy & peacful! RT  gives me peace :)
 For energy, stand by a tree with arms up & deep breath for 5-6 min. Envision the healing energy going into your hands to fill your body.
 RT The LA Bake Sale for Japan is this Saturday. Check the site for a bakesale near you! 
 Remember to take sea salt baths with lavender essential oil when you feel stressed, had an argument or need to release tension. body 
 Projecting a positive thought to someone across the globe not only benefits the receiver spiritually, but materially as well. - Frierdicke
 Read 25 pages of the book " Your Life" free & see the beautiful interior design photos. Great Gift! 
 "When I first open my eyes upon the morning meadows and look out upon the beautiful world, I thank God I am alive." Ralph Waldo Emerson
 If an idea comes into your mind over and over, it's your higher intuition calling your name. Listen, ask for guidance and take action!
 Do something today that makes you & somebody else happy! A kiss, a hug, a compliment for them & something fabulous for yourself! TGIF
 Info & Pricing about my   retreat Sept 16-23! Only 4 spots left! 
 RT  You have an umbilical cord with your soul during your life, & your soul has one with God during its existence. -JN
 RT  Read up on how to make the most of space in a small garden 
 Thanks Amanda! Happy it's helping you! RT  Hi Jayme, I love, love, love, love, love your book. LOVE it.
 Want to come to Morocco Wendy? :) RT RT  Come 2 Morocco w/ Jayme Barrett Sept 16-23rd! 
 ‎"The great virtue in life is real courage that knows how to face facts and live beyond them." D. H. Lawrence
 Come to Morocco with Jayme Barrett Sept 16-23rd! Flyer out next week. Email me to get the details sent to you early. 
 "I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious." -- Albert Einstein
 Thanks  for a great interview on  Glad you were inspired to clear clutter & open up to all new possibilities!
 Jayme Barrett today discusses  Cleaning with  on  show at 2:40pm EST, 11:40PST. On Sirius 112/XM 157
 RT  Text 90999 to send $10 to Japan.
 "She who cherishes a beautiful vision, a lofty ideal in her heart, will one day realize it. " James Allen
 Something good is going to happen! Let's just know and expect it. Magical surprises are coming our way!
 Let's send our strongest prayers and pink light to all those people in Japan who are suffering from last night's earthquake and tsunami.
 "Our job in this lifetime is not to shape ourselves into some ideal we imagine we ought to b, but to find out who we already r." Pressfield
 Reading "The War of Art" by Steven Pressfield. Love it! Recommend for those who get beaten by their inner resistance. 
 "I write only when inspiration strikes. Fortunately it strikes every morning at 9:00am sharp." Somerset Maugham 
 RT  -Your desk is mess of chaos and confusion.  expert Jayme Barrett  tells us how. 
 Secrets to Good Money Karma by Jayme Barrett    via   
 RT  - Jamie Oliver Launches The Food Revolution Truck (Is this thing cool or what?!) 
 Pat yourself on the back, be kind & practice self-compassion! It will lead to a happier, more optimistic you! 
 RT  Where the Toxins Are in Our Homes 
 Our hearts can feel 2 opposing emotions simultaneously. You can feel  &  along with compassion/sadness for others.
 Want to create more  Read "Secrets to Good  Karma!" Also, more info on my retreat to Morocco. 
 Check out "The Happy Movie" coming to a theater near you.  is a learned trait so good news for all! 
 Red is a power color in  - good for Fame,  &  but be careful not to use too much in the bedroom! It will keep you up!
 Excited about my Feng Shui Your Life Retreat in Morocco in Sept! More details coming soon!!
 ‎"Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
 Love is the master key which opens the gates of happiness. ~ Oliver Wendell Holmes
 RT   great folks to follow        ...
 A loving heart, an intelligent mind & a powerful physical will can create the life you desire & help you be a force for good in the world!
 ‎"Believe you can and you're halfway there." Theodore Roosevelt
 If you live outside of CA, you can still get my personalized feng shui advice for your home or office by phone consult. www.jaymebarrett.com
 In  water represents money so put the toilet seat down & keep the bathroom door closed so money isn't flushed out of your house!
 If you place a mirror behind a plant, you are doubling living energy. However, if a mirror reflects garbage, you are doubling the trash.
 “When two people relate to each other authentically and humanly, God is the electricity that surges between them." - Martin Buber
 Tuesday  Your Life tips - 1) Create & Envision 2) Cultivate Flexibility 3) Serve & Contribute 4) Celebrate & Appreciate!
 RT  It's a wonderful truth that when one brings light to others, it always comes back to brighten a path for the giver a ...
 RT  Close your eyes and see in your mind's eye angels roaming through Cairo, calming all hearts.
 Happy  of the Rabbit! - A gentle time to heal, transform, use diplomacy, be kind & pure with each other - S Levitt
 Don't hang a mirror directly opposite your front entrance because you will push back the positive energy entering your home. 
 RT  You cannot be successful in the way you have dreamed of if you are stuck in the quicksand of clutter. 
 RT  -  Your 2011 Vision by  !    
 For me, one of the most touching, exquisite, inspiring, healing love stories! On DVD  Watch trailer 
 Read these tips to Manifest a Powerful 2011 and join Jayme on a  Your Life Retreat in Magical  
 15% Savings on Phone Consultations thru Feb 10! Email if you live outside of LA & want to feng shui your home/office. www.jaymebarrett.com
  Thanks for sharing! RT Feng Shui Tips of The Day is out!  Top stories today by 
 Make your bed, clean the kitchen sink, eat on your fancy dishes & take a long bath so you feel calm & luxurious tonight! 
 May you feel happy, content & fulfilled today. May you feel peaceful & at ease, may you manifest all that you want, need and aspire to.
 Desk Feng Shui - Learn how to create success on your desk by using the  map.  Good job 
 RT  "You cannot be successful in the way you have dreamed of if you are stuck in the quicksand of clutter." — Jayme Barret ...
 Remember to take sea salt baths with lavender essential oil when you feel stressed, had an argument or need to release tension. body 
 Clearing  Follow this family's example & try some of their Zero Waste techniques! 
 Full moon tomorrow. Perfect time to meditate & send blessings to friends, colleagues & the world. Use this time to energize the positive!
 The greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our dispositions, and not on our circumstances." - Martha Washington
 Loved these 25 quick Energy Boosters from  
 Check out my article about Feng Shui at Work in Whole Living Magazine this month! Desk enhancements! Page 126
 15% Savings on Phone Consultations thru Feb 1st! Email if you live outside of LA & want to feng shui your home/office. www.jaymebarrett.com
 Do a space clearing in your home, bedroom and office to start the New Year with fresh energy. Use dried sage or sandalwood incense.
 "Be here now" - Ram Dass. Relinquish past regrets & future worries to marinate in the fullness of this very moment. Hope it's a good one!
 To manifest your wishes for the new year, go have tea today in a prosperity hotel while writing your 2011 intentions!
 Good 2011 morning! Set the tone for your new year! Eat healthy food, clean out 1 drawer of clutter, kiss your loved ones and have fun!
 As we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.- Nelson Mandela
 Here's a dining room make-over I did on The Today Show for a family welcoming their son home from Iraq 
 Holiday Cheer coming ur way! Wishing you a beautiful holiday full of happiness, laughter, fun, yummy food & relaxa 
 Check out your local Home Goods store for great, colorful decor & feng shui finds! I bought 2 beautiful lamps there yesterday! Gifts too!
 Now is a great time to buy or give a gift of a Red or Gold wallet to increase prosperity & abundance! Here's a bunch! 
 Dreaming of Morocco & working on putting together an amazing retreat in Marrakesh. Want to shop in the ancient souk & learn feng shui?
 Thanks to all the fab women I met at my feng shui seminar in Boca Raton. Loved consulting with women entrepreneurs all over South Florida!
  Get the massage Julie! It's good feng shui for your body, mind and spirit! I have a spa certificate too. It's time to relax!
 RT  New Blog Post by  7 Clutter Clearing Tips for Packrats 
  Thanks for the tip on your photo books! Always like to have more photo resources!
  Glad you liked the inspiring video ( ) and happy holidays to you both!
 Read 25 pages of the book "Feng Shui Your Life" free & see the beautiful interior design photos. Great Holiday Gift! 
 Being of service is so important. Gives us purpose, generates good karma & opens our hearts!You'll be inspired by this 
 Creating photobooks at online stores like www.kodakgallery.com are a great way to keep photo clutter to a minimum! Give one as a gift!
 Use Flowers to Fuel the Soul & Create Inspiring Spaces! Here are Inspiration, Gratitude & Wellness bouquets. 
 ‎"Be grateful for whoever comes, because each has been sent as a guide from beyond." Rumi
 Dec 10-12th: Jayme in South Florida giving Feng Shui Consultations for your home, office & business! Email Jayme www.jaymebarrett.com
 "We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures." ~Thornton Wilder
 ‎"We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures." ~Thornton Wilder
 “Let's be grateful for those who give us happiness; they are the charming gardeners who make our soul bloom.” - Marcel Proust
 Feng Shui Your Purses, Briefcases & Wallets! Don't let mobile clutter stop the flow of prosperity! 
 RT - 5 Tips to Feng Shui Your Money Holders by  
 Be content with what u have; rejoice in the way things are. When u realize that nothing is lacking, the whole world belongs to u!  Lao Tzu
 Thanks  !!  Happy Birthday!! Positive Energy back at ya....;)
 It's my birthday and I'm accepting all Positive Energy!! Wishing you a fabulous weekend filled with good feng shui!
 Thanks!! RT  Congrats on selling 104,000 copies! Easy, practical  with pics 
 Thnx Cindy! RT Congrats, Jayme! Nice post  Just became a blogger for  
 My book "Feng Shui Your Life" has just sold 104,000 copies! Learn easy, practical  & see beautiful pics!  
 Just became a blogger for  and here's my first post on Why You Should Care about  
 RT   Thanks for the shout out Jayme! WE love Jayme Barrett and all her awesome Feng Shui tips! See: JaymeBarre ...
 RT  New Blog Post: Feng Shui 101: What It Is and Why You Should Care 
 Feng Shui Your Pocketbook! Clean out clutter. Buy a RED wallet to boost ur money! Buy a purse holder to keep $ off floor www.luxelink.com
 Sherwin Williams paint and supplies sale tomorrow Nov 14th only! 30-40% off.  Check it out!
 Feeling low energy? Go outside & sit by a thriving tree. Do deep breathing  Imagine energy from the tree coming into your hands & body.
 ‎"Life is too short to wake up with regrets. So love the people who treat you right. Pray for the ones who don't."
 Complete your unfinished projects! Make a list, priortize, and make a realistic schedule to complete them. Your energy will soar! 
 To feng shui your blah walls, energize them with nature art like these  
 Enjoyed  CEO Tony Hsieh's talk this morning about his book . Thanks 
 RT  Check this video out -- Jayme Barrett on Modern Girls' Guide to Life  via 
 Today, write 1 thank you note to someone whose been loving, inspiring, given their time, support, advice, hospitality, money or a job.
 You don't get to choose how you're going to die. Or when. You can only decide how you're going to live. Now." - Joan Baez
 Is much of your furniture hand me downs? When u r surrounded by other's choices, you can feel a lack of control or unsure of your own power.
 Jayme's Feng Shui seminar in Fairfield CT this Thursday, Oct 21st from 6:30p - 8:30pm. Click here for info! 
 Jayme Barrett in NYC - Oct 25 & 26 for feng shui consultations for home, office & business. Click for info on appts 
 RT  "Remember there's no such thing as a small act of kindness. Every act creates a ripple with no logical end." Scott A ...
 Meditation is the art of being still, connecting to your spiritual self, & giving full attention to your inner life. Feng shui your insides!
 Article in Fairfield, CT newspaper about my upcoming Feng Shui workshop next Thursday, Oct 21st from 6:30p-8:30pm. 
 As we head into fall & winter, we get less natural sunlight. Try full-spectrum light bulbs for "indoor sunshine" to feng shui your mood!
 Each day you connect with a loved one is precious. Let's not let small annoyances get in the way of loving fully. Each moment is a gift.
 Let your light shine and may it shine on as many people as possible! Let's all glow together and send out pink light to all who need it.
 Feng Shui your job search with your desires on a Vision Board, water fountain in your Career center & read this 
 What I have come to realize is that asking to be delivered to my passion is the only thing worth praying for. - Sarah Ban Breathnach
 RT  RT  An article I wrote for WholeLiving: Create a Simpler Space that's welcoming, energized & cheerful!  ...
  Feng Shui'ing your body can be making positive choices for what you eat, drink, breathe and how you move your body!
 Happiness takes place when the soul reaches out & touches another soul with gentleness, profundity, and sublimely. - Laibl Wolf
 Feeling stressed? Intense day at work? Take a sea salt bath with lavender essential oil. 2 cups of salt for 20 min to clean your energy!
 Top tips from 10 Successful Women Entrepreneurs that spill over to all areas of life. 
 feng shui in my bathroom last night was me on a stool washing the ceiling & walls with Seventh Generation non-toxic cleaner. looks great!
 RT  The world is full of genies waiting to grant your wishes! ~ Percy Ross ♡
 Here's an article I wrote for  Create a Simpler Space that is welcoming, energized and cheerful! 
 Had a great meeting with a fab editor from  magazine today in NYC! Happy to be working with them again. Wonderful mag!
 Choosing good feng shui in a situation is an awareness of what feels right & what doesn't. Each person or situation energizes or depletes u.
 In NYC on a very interesting job! Working with creative people makes me happy and energized! Feng shui in the big apple!
 Check out this fantastic feng shui on the side of a building! I feel beautiful each time I walk by it! 
 RT  A person can succeed at almost anything for which they have unlimited enthusiasm. - Charles M. Schwab
 RT  Everyone can be great, because everyone can serve." - Martin Luther King Jr
 RT  The 10 best foods for your looks 
 Good feng shui!! RT Growing An Indoor Herb Garden Is Easy, Read Now at  via 
 RT  Given human beings' love of truth, justice, peace, and freedom, creating a better, more compassionate world is a genuine  ...
 RT  Want Positive Tweeters?          ...
 Put a swing in your step, a smile on your face & be grateful for all the wonderful things in your life. Feng shui your life!
 The 3 main feng shui energizers for a room are live plants, water fountains and light/lamps. Place them in corners for optimum results!
 RT  Rumi: Your soul intelligence is always overseeing your body, even though you may not be aware of it.
 Let go / Forgive / Accept / Cultivate flexibility / Give thanks / Surrender / Trust / Love
 Nature inspired removable wall decals for good feng shui in your home! Love these flowers & plants from  
 RT  On Finding Yourself 100 Years Old | Simple. Organized. Life. 
 Cool site to make an inspiration board & print it out! Click on "Create a mood board" under Design Tools. 
 Gently push yourself to take 1 risk, large or small, each day. Once you've done it, you'll go to bed feeling triumphant!
 RT  8 Tips for Detoxifying Your Home by  ! - 
 For a vision board, ask 1) If I had either faith, money or was 20 years old again, I'd try.... List 5 desires and 5 adventures!
 RT  Check out my Q&A with  Jayme Barrett, best-selling author and feng shui consultant to the stars www.th ...
 Shana Tova to all my Jewish friends! May you be inscribed for the sweetest and roundest of years - full of many, many blessings.
 6 happiness tips from most popular teacher at Harvard!  
 Love Anne Lamott's book "Bird by Bird - Instructions on Writing and Life." Reading it again. :) 
 Thx for RT's!        
 Thx for RT's!!        
 “The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.” ~Confucius
 Check out House Beautiful's 500 Favorite Paint colors by top designers! 
 RT  8 Tips for Creating a Sacred Space to Replenish Your Spirit by  ! 
  It's perfectly fine to put a desk in the Knowledge center & keep your bills in a blue folder to calm outgoing $.
 Your welcome!!   Good one! thanks for your tips :)
 Green is a wonderful color (bringing in nature's healing energy & new opportunities) to paint any room for good feng shui.
 Meditated on the beach this morning. Watched two dolphins playing by the shore. Nature brings me so much balance, strength and happiness.
  Joyful Living Tips - 1) Write Down Your Blessings 2) Create alone time to just "Be." 3) Ask for Guidance 4) Trust your Instincts
 "Imagination is more important than knowledge" Albert Einstein
  Dining Tip- At a restaurant, avoid sitting with your back to the door, in direct line with a staircase or outside the restroom.
 RT  Shui, Pray, Love! 6 Ways to Start Your Own Journey by  ! 
 "Shui, Pray, Love" gives tips on igniting your passions/dreams in your city & creating a  meditation space. 
 America's healthiest pleasures: 10 'vices' that are good for you - from Health.com  
 Bring nature indoors for harmony & healing. Studies prove that plants produce oxygen & remove carbon dioxide, helping people feel better!
 Love, love, love, love....crazy love!
 Namaste- "The light (divinity) in me honors the light in you. When you are in that place in you, and I am in that place in me, we are One.”
 One of my favorite feng shui mottos is "Don't Push the River, it flows by itself." Create your vision, take action and let it go!
 RT  Feng Shui... for Your Pet! awesome post from  - 
 RT  Serenity Now! Senior Editor Terri Trespicio shows Kathie Lee & Hoda how to relax (here's the link in case you missed it ...
 RT  jayme barrett  is the best feng shui expert in los angeles,her book feng shui your life changed my life
 Thanks!  RT Feng Shui Your Life by Jayme Barrett . Turned my mediocre home remodel into a fantastic one!
 Patience acts as a powerful antidote to the affliction of anger - the greatest threat to our inner peace & our happiness. Dalai Lama
 20 Ways to Eliminate Daily Stress via  
 Thnx for RT!         
 Create good feng shui with plants! Here are the best air-filtering indoor house plants according to NASA! 
 Have nothing in your homes that you do not know to be useful and believe to be beautiful. - William Morris  
 RT   What we eat determines how we look. What we think determines how we act. Simple phrases that make a big difference.
 Have your kids create a vision board with schools they want to attend, countries  to visit, sports/music goals & positive role models.
 RT   -  20 beginner meditation tips! 
  Need Help!  - Not getting replies or mentions. Tried help section but "Help Comments" not working.
 I'm feng shui'ing my health! On Day 11 of eating beautiful healthy foods. No sugar. No white flour. Made lentil veggie soup today! YUM!
 Success is the knowledge to get whatever you want from life without violating the rights of others & helping others to acquire it. N. Hill
 Your home transmits positive energy to you, your family  & all who visit you if it is  free,  & has good 
 One of my favorite mottos is the name of Susan Jeffer's book "Feel the Fear & Do it Anyway." When you have fears, say it to yourself!
 RT  "You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestation of your own blessings." -Elizabeth Gilbert
 To calm the mind & open your heart, try this 20 minute free meditation. Click audio file. 
 Slow down & clear clutter from your mind. Meditate to hear the whisperings of your soul. Sit quietly. Breathe. Ask, Pray & Listen.
 RT  What Kind of Messenger Are You? Be Aware of the Messages You're Delivering; Your POV... 
 Silent offerings of your love, caring, kindness, affection & appreciation are more powerful than buying presents. Send a blessing too!
 Bless a thing and it will bless you. Curse it and it will curse you...If you bless a situation, it has no power to hurt you. Emmet Fox
  Living Tips 1) Create alone time to just “be” 2) Sit quietly under a tree to absorb it's healing energy 3) Don't rush!
 Thnx for RTs & FF!         
 10 Feng Shui Tips to Rekindle Passion in your life and bedroom! 
 Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it. - Buddha 
 Saturday Feng Shui Joyful Living Tips - 1) Rejuvenate your body with loads of water 2) Stay present 3) Move your body...dance and sing!
 3 Joyful Living Feng Shui Tips - 1) Forgive yourself and others 2) Let go of expectations 3) Try being loving instead of being right.
