 The most effective way for  to continue their great work is by telling their story   
 Providing nourishment, education, hope, & love - but must send them back to the streets every day    
   Help crowdfund our Story of the Month: A Home for Haiti's Orphans & be listed as producer 
   While in  help crowdfund our Story of the Month:A Home for Haiti's Orphans, A Film to Help it Grow 
 Providing nourishment, education, hope, & love...but must send them back to the streets every day    
 A Home for Haiti's Orphans, A Film to Help it Grow   - only $13 needed to reach 20% funded!  Help us  to get there!
  we did a video for them in Cambodia so I must have ended up in a picture. can't wait to her about your presentation!
     Many thanks for the RTs - much appreciated!
    Thank you so much for the RTs - always appreciated!
 Take this brief survey about your news gathering habits & apply 5 free dollars for the Jacmel Orphange in Haiti film 
 Help Haiti Orphanage Tell Their Story! -         
 Boston Area Friends! Anyone want to nominate a unique, inspiring nonprofit to present at our event August 20th... 
 Help Storytellers for Good  tell the inspiring story of a Haiti orphanage helping earthquake victims!   
 Providing nourishment, education, hope, & love....but must send them back to the streets every day.   
 The most effective way for  to continue their great work is by telling their story    
  Pleasure, Lindsay - anytime!
 Help crowdfund our Story of the Month:A Home for Haiti's Orphans, A Film to Help it Grow    
 Take a brief survey about your news gathering habits  & apply 5 free dollars for the Jacmel Orphange in Haiti film 
 Hi Friends of SFG! You can help us win 5 free dollars for our Story of the Month in just a few minutes! Simply... 
  Hi Lindsay, Jasper ( here, I do the SocMed for  - did you get a reply from Cara? If not will chase.
   Happy to, Duane - we appreciate your appreciation!
 How to Get Started in Storytelling for Fundraising – Cara Jones Interview - CauseVox:  via   
 Over $800 raised so far on 'A Home for Haiti's Orphans, A Film to Help it Grow  - Just 400 ppl  $10 & we'll get there!
 Cara's interview with Rob Wu, Founder of causevox.com - How to Get Started in Storytelling for Fundraising. 
   Providing nourishment, education, hope, & love...but must send them back to the streets ...   
 Help Haiti Orphanage Tell Their Story!            
  Many thanks for the RT, Fred - Spreading the word helps a lot - donations are always welcome!   Thx, Cara
  Help crowdfund our Story of the Month film: A Home for Haiti's Orphans & be listed as a producer 
  Appreciate the follow, Jonathan Help crowdfund our Story of the Month film: A Home for Haiti's Orphans   http:://t.co/KbpMal7
  Hi Les, Help crowdfund our Story of the Month: A Home for Haiti's Orphans & be listed as producer 
 Check out "The Storytellers for Good Boston Launch/Fundraiser!"  via   
 Check out "The Storytellers for Good Boston Launch/Fundraiser!"  via  20th August 
   Help crowdfund our Story of the Month film: A Home for Haiti's Orphans & be listed as a producer 
   Help crowdfund our Story of the Month film: A Home for Haiti's Orphans & be listed as a producer 
  Hi Dan, Saw yr Hamptons for Haiti story & thought u might be interested in helping crowdfun… (cont) 
 Have just subscribed to  for Nonprofits Daily on 
 They get nourishment, education, hope, & love...but must go back to the streets every day.    
 The most effective way for  to continue their great work is by telling their story.    
   The most effective way for  to continue their great work is by telling their story. 
 Make a difference - Help crowdfund our Story of the Month film: A Home for Haiti's Orphans & be listed as a producer 
 Providing nourishment, education, hope, & love...but must send them back to the streets every day.   
  Thanks so much for the RT - we greatly appreciate it!  have such a great story to tell!
   Help crowdfund our Story of the Month film: A Home for Haiti's Orphans & be listed as a producer 
  Help crowdfund our Story of the Month film: A Home for Haiti's Orphans & be listed as a producer 
  The only problem is that the funding needs to go thru Spot.us -  - & so cannot supply a PayPal email ...
 The most effective way for  to continue their great work is by telling their story.     
  Help crowdfund our Story of the Month film: A Home for Haiti's Orphans  & be listed as a producer 
   Story of the Month: A Home for Haiti's Orphans, A Film to Help it Grow  via  
  Thx 4 the follow, Joshua! Assume you've seen our Story of the Month  ? You can get a Producer credit for $100+
    Story of the Month: A Home for Haiti's Orphans, A Film to Help it Grow  via   
 Help crowdfund our Story of the Month film & be listed as a producer  via    
 Story of the Month: A Home for Haiti's Orphans, A Film to Help it Grow  via    
 RT  Storytellers For Good: Story of the Month: How one good story can raise thousands...  <Thx  for RTing!
 Story of the Month: Jacmel Children's Center, A Film to Help it Grow  via     
 Our first Story of the Month! This is a great story and great project, and a worthy runner-up at our March event... 
 How CrowdFlower powers crowdsourced labor  via 
 Thx  for letting us know that Mama Hope received 8k hits as Video of the Week Jun 17! Thx  &  for RTing!
 We had a nice piece of news yesterday which I wanted to share with you all - KarmaTube Coordinator, Yoo-Mi Lee... 
 Tonight FREE EVENT: Re-writing Your Story: Confessions of a former TV News Reporter     
 How nonprofits can use crowdsourcing to work smarter and save money  via  < & fundraise, like us!
  happy to do an interview. please email cara to set up!
 FREE EVENT:  Thurs: Re-writing Your Story: Confessions of a former TV News Reporter     
 Unleash your nonprofit’s fundraising potential  via  - w/    
  Founder  waxing lyrical on the importance of storytelling in nonprofit fundraising  [VIDEO] 
    Thanks so much for the RTs - appreciated!
 FREE EVENT: Re-writing Your Story: Confessions of a former TV News Reporter   Thurs    
   Thank you so much - we appreciate it!
   Pleasure - and appreciate you spreading the word! 
  Re: Couldn't pull up the link re   - You can see the video at 
 Thx > RT  Wow! Amazing video and story from  about nonprofit   Pls RT 
 RT  Spot.us - Pitch: Help Storytellers For Good Tell The Inspiring Stories of Local Nonprofits  - Embed This
 EVENT: Re-writing Your Story: Confessions of a former TV News Reporter    Jun 30 FREE   
    Thanks so much for your   - much appreciated!
 Confessions of an Emmy Award Winning (Ex) TV News Reporter  A Talk by Cara Jones   Thurs, Jun 30, 6.30 - 7.30pm
  Thanks so much for the   - much appreciated!
 RT  Spot.us - Pitch: Help Storytellers For Good Tell The Inspiring Stories of Local Nonprofits  - Embed This
 RE-WRITING YOUR STORY    A Talk by Emmy Award Winning (Ex) TV News Reporter, Cara Jones   Thurs, Jun 30, 6.30 - 7.30pm
 For all San Francisco based fans - and any local nonprofits interested in learning more about the inspiration... 
 Crowdsourcing vs Community-sourcing: What’s the difference and the opportunity?  via 
 SocialBrite: Social Media for Nonprofits conference series kicks off in SF   - 29th June. 
 Application process coming for new     looking to apply for our 'Story of the Month'  
 RT  Why Sharing  Brings People Together -  - a new study may explain why telling  buil ...
 This is a great story from CNN - Amy Seiffert was shocked to learn her home town of Toledo, OH ranked 4th in sex... 
   Yes - great idea to share stories! Am adding yr FB page to our favorites - good place to swap stories.
   Thanks so much for the  Paulo!  Check out our 'Story of the Month' Campaign   if you haven't already
 RT  Reason  for  - the amazing work of   <-Thx so much Cathryn, &   for RT
 Thx so much for sharing> RT  We love this idea! Introducing our 'Story of the Month' Campaign   
 Introducing our 'Story of the Month' Campaign         
 Introducing our new 'Story of the Month' Campaign - each month we will introduce a new nonprofit with a great... 
  Re 1001 reasons for hope - look forward to reading - happy to RT! Much appreciated!
     Thanks for your shout outs &  - we appreciate it!  Story of the Month announcement tomorrow!
 New  'Story of the Month' feature - announce Monday! Opportunities for     
 New series of monthly S4G crowdfunding promotions start next week w/ some very deserving nonprofits - watch for your chance to participate!
 The first in a series of monthly crowdfunding promotions is set to start next week with some very deserving... 
 Book: We First: How Brands & Consumers Use Social Media To Build A Better World | Beth’s Blog   
   Thank you so much - we appreciate  the follow!  Just about to start a series of fundraisers for new nonprofit story-videos.
 Don't Let Congress Hurt American Charities:  Take action - sign this petition & RT!   
 Social Video and Cause Marketing: How Nonprofits Are Doing Viral Video  via   
 RT  Hands of Action   RT 2 show support for  & combat    &   ...
 [VIDEO]  - one small group's effort to help orphans & combat extreme poverty and HIV/AIDS in Uganda   
   SF to Sac'to a good couple of hours. Can email  events to cara - but avail depends on teaching schedule!
   Indeed! Interesting to see some traditional methods being used again - like the adobe, & the teepee designs.
 PEYA Winners - EcoMacs - Local Kids Making a Global Difference       < Great story!
 Love this story of a group of young women from Mother McAuley Liberal Arts High School in Chicago who use the... 
 Those whose lives have been smashed by last weekend's tornadoes are counting on help from the kind of people who... 
 Can a $300 House Save 2 Billion People Living in Poverty? [PICS]   
   Thanks so much for your  - appreciated!
 RT  You can earn us $8 just for taking a survey on Spot.Us right now-only till Sat. Click 'free credits 
 6 ways YouTube is helping out nonprofits  via     
 Storytelling:  Up Close and Personal     
 You can earn us $8 just for taking a survey on Spot.Us right now - only till Sat. Click 'free credits.    
 You can earn us $8 just for taking a survey on Spot.Us right now - only be up till Saturday.
 Neat idea! 
 Donation meters in Salt Lake City let folks donate to homeless causes rather than panhandlers on the street.  Neat idea!
 SocialBrite: 15 ways to crowdfund your startup or project      
 Storytelling Project Gives Voice to Voiceless  inspired & assisted by nonprofit Voice of  Witness 
 Looks like a great project - First-Person Stories draws its inspiration--and technical assistance--from a... 
 RT  We made a great international video about the need for peace!  < Spot on! Happy to RT!  We Are One!
 New Book: The Future of Nonprofits | Beth’s Blog 
 ReaWriteWeb:  Curation Tool Storify Opens To The Public  
 RT  Empowerment of Women: Project Inspire Video Contest 2011   Must be aged 18 - 35 to enter, 35K prize
 WildApricot:  200  Online Tools for Non-Profits – ( Parts 1 & 2 )    
 LawForChange - Unique online legal service supports social entrepreneurs and nonprofits      
 SocialBrite:  8 great examples of nonprofit storytelling   incl us  in the high-end category ! 
   Appreciate the shout out!
 SocialBrite: Help enhance sustainability in the world - The e Pack makes it easier     
          Thx 4 the shout outs & RTs!
 25 Jawdropping YouTube Video Facts, Figures, and Statistics  via 
 RT  RT  100 Ways to Serve Others | Learn>>  /via    
 LikeMinded: A new platform to connect leaders w/ ideas for local change  via  Share your story, get involved!
 Tubemogul Revamps Look, Opens Self-Serve Video Ad Platform  via 
    Thanks for the shout outs - and the blog post, Cathryn - always appreciated!
 Mutual Frontiers: Social Change, Storytelling and the Blogosphere  :  | via   
    Thanks so much for the shout outs!
     Thank you for your RTs - always appreciated!
 MIT Scientists Create Artificial Solar Leaf That Can Power Homes  Love this!    
 WidApricot: Google for Nonprofits    latest version of this program  offers several new benefits  
 Congratulations to our Film Festival Fundraising winner, Project Grace!
           Thx for your shout outs & mentions!
          Thx for your shout outs & mentions!
 Congrats to Project Grace for winning the next Storytellers For Good pro bono video. Full report on the evening coming Monday!
 Congrats to Project Grace who will receive the next S4G pro bono video!
 Set up & ready to go at Minna Street Gallery - see pic attched! 
 Yay - at the Minna Street Gallery - everything almost set up for our 2011 Film Festival fundraiser! Great venue - should be a good night!
 We wanted to give a special shout out to all the wonderful Bay Area businesses who have supported our event by... 
 A Big Thank You to All Our  Area   Sponsors for our Film Festival Fundraising Event on Fri   
 Jacmel Children’s Center present their case to win a pro bono  video Fri   Yr vote decides!  
 Project Grace present their case to win a pro bono  video Fri [EVENT]   Your vote decides!  
     Thnaks so much for your RTs - always appreciated!
 Curry Without Worry present their case to win a pro bono  video Fri   Your vote decides!  
 Creativity Explored present their case to win a pro bono  video Fri   Your vote decides!  
 Volunteer Collects 100,000 Cans For Children's Charity     (via 
 Thx to Sprout Organic Children's Store & The Press Club for yr silent auction & raffle donation! Still lookin… (cont) 
 Threshold Choir present their case to win a pro bono Storytellers For Good video on Fri [EVENT]  Your vote decides! 
 Thx to Benefit Cosmetics for yr silent auction & raffle donation! Still looking [     (cont) 
   Appreciate the RT, Joseph!
 Presenters for our 2011 Film Festival Fundraiser!    Who would you vote to get a free video?    
 Thx to Treasury Wine Estates for yr silent auction & raffle donation! Still looking [    (cont) 
 Check out the 5 nonprofits who will be presenting at our film festival fundraiser on Friday (25th) - all very... 
 Ashoka’s Changemakers multilingual  on Twitter, 3/29  2 - 4pm (EST),   inspiring future changemakeHERS
 Thx to ODC Dance for yr silent auction & raffle donation! Still looking [     (cont) 
   Thanks - you were one of David Hutchens' recommended follows!
   We loved this as well when we saw it - appreciate the RT!
   Thx!  Was following most of them - have now followed the couple I was missing!
 A story-driven Web platform - “Welcome to Shelbyville” project a prototype for communities   via  
 Thx to Samovar Tea Lounge for yr silent auction & raffle donation! Still looking [     (cont) 
 Thx to Philz Coffee for yr silent auction & raffle donation! Still looking [     (cont) 
 PepsiCo Unveils World's First, 100% Renewable Food-Based PET Bottle | Inhabitat - Green Design Will Save the World  
 Thx to AHA Yoga for yr silent auction & raffle donation! Still looking [     … (cont) 
 NewLife  - homes give education & health support to ophans in India -  VIDEO 'Puthithai pirappom' in 4 parts 
 Thx to ODE Magazine for yr silent auction & raffle donation! Still looking [     (cont) 
 Top 12 Online Fundraising Platforms for Donors & Non-Profits  via    
 Thx to The Hub & Milvali Salon for yr silent auction & raffle donation! Still looking [    (cont) 
  Appreciate the shoutout for  Joe! Glad you liked it - more to come!
   Thanks for the RT, Brooke! Always appreciated!
 Thx to The Sports Basement for yr silent auction & raffle donation! Still looking [    (cont) 
 Inspiring & ongoing story of one person who wanted to create positive change in a world; one person who wanted to... 
 365 DAYS 365 GIVES  One person giving back every day - & inspiring other to do the same!   
 BloombergBizEx:change:  10 Social Entrepreneur Blogs To Follow in 2011     Useful resource!
 Thanks for all your        Much appreciated!
 Thx to Krav Maga Fitness for yr silent auction & raffle donation! Still looking [     (cont) 
 LinkTV:  [VIDEO] Youth Producing Change   powerful stories from young filmmakers across the globe.
 Thx Saison Restaurant for yr silent auction & raffle donation! Still looking [       (cont) 
 1 hour documentary in which young people across the globe are bravely exposing human rights issues faced by... 
 Always happy to support initiatives that encourage nonprofits in their visual storytelling! Nice offer by... 
 PhotoPhilanthropy: grants to photography students so non-profit storytelling may be advanced through visual imagery. 
 AARP Create the Good: Which Story Inspires You? Raise your hand and vote now.   Help one charity win $20,000!
      Thanks for the RTs - greatly appreciated!
   Thanks you both so much for the donations - they are greatly appreciated!
 RT  Three Stories Every Nonprofit Should Tell  Webinar
 Craigslist Founder Heads Into Non-Profit & Public Service Sector  via   
 Still looking for  silent auction & raffle items for fundraiser on 25th  -      
 One last spot for an Inspiring   to enter to win a Pro Bono Video!  By Fri (EVENT 25th) 
   Thanks so much for the RT!
 Allyson Townsend tried to explain to a deaf friend what pop music was all about. She turned to her sign language... 
 RT  soon we'll accept all charities for our site. contact us if interested:     ...
 Need more silent auction & raffle items for fundraiser on 25th  - Any   businesses like to donate? Good cause
 The storytellingpractitioners Daily ▸ today's top stories via     and   ▸ 
    Thanks so much for the RTs!
     Many thanks for the RTs! Appreciate helping to spread the word!
 Nominate an Inspiring Nonprofit for a Pro Bono Video!   By 11th (EVENT 25th)    
 Last chance for nominations for your Bay Area nonprofit to receive a free professional Storytellers For Good video... 
   Appreciate the shout out!
 Tweet Viewer Worm Crawling Around Twitter [WARNING]  via  
  Appreciate the shout out for our Mama Hope video - more on our website 
 RREAL is an award-winning 501c(3) non-profit based in Minnesota with the mission of “Making solar energy available... 
 Spot.us - Pitch: Help Storytellers For Good Tell The Inspiring Stories of Local Nonprofits  via 
 How we’ll fund innovation   via     
 Comic Strip Fans Team Up to Fight Parkinson's Disease - Tonic  
 What a great way to promote a cause! 
 Help our friends at SelflessTee promote selfless acts by watching their video by 5pm PST today!... 
 Lots of interesting things being done with social games that have a socially good theme. Its like being in your... 
    a game where  students complete real-world missions, win prizes, & connect the… (cont) 
 ConversationAgent:  Does Your Story Convey a Point of View?  What will help you stand out?
   Thanks so much Robin! Your  donation is greatly appreciated!
 Spot.us - Pitch: Help Storytellers For Good Tell Inspiring Stories of Local Nonprofits - … (cont) 
 "Change through Food" is the theme of our latest video. We hope you are as inspired by these young people as we... 
 Check out our new and improved website: www.storytellersforgood.com and stay tuned for details on our film... 
 JustMeans: Video contest on    Showcase a piece of unsustainable pkging that can be replaced w/ biodeg plastic. $1k
 DarynKagan.com:   An inspiring 94-yr-old who can teach us all a lesson about aging!    [VIDEO]   
 One happy chap! And living proof of the old adage that "you should never give up on your dream!" 
 WebInkNow:  Show - Don't Tell   [VIDEO]  
 Thank you notes changed a man's life, proving that being grateful even for little things in your life comes back... 
 RT  Thank you notes changed a man's life  [VIDEO]    
   Thanks for the shout out!
 New Company Crowdsources Location-Based Talk Radio [INVITES]  via  local stories, walking tours, history etc
 Nice story about the difference we can make when we help each other. Herman who, having lost his job, uses his... 
 This looks very interesting! "The Engage Network forwards change on a human scale. We help everyday people create... 
 A new daily email called Milkshake presents people, places and products that are giving back. 
 You've Got Mail — and the Opportunity to Do Good - Tonic  
 RT  Imaginative use of arts & culture w/ online technology to make a difference garners a MacArthur  
 Do a little good with each online purchase  via  Brilliant idea!
 Such a simple idea, but with huge potential! Love it! 
 Love this story - "One day I was walking along saying the Serenity Prayer, hating all the litter, and I said to... 
 Tonic:  The Trash Whisperer: A True Pick-Up Artist  What a great story! 
 RT  Spot.Us Donation: I have just donated to  -  <- Thank you so much! Always appreciated!
    Thanks so much for the mentions - always appreciated!
   Thanks for the follow back - I voted for you in the Dell Social Innovation Competition! 
 This is to all you nonprofit (or social enterprise) organizations out there - TechSoup Global and a number of... 
 Storytelling goes digital with TechSoup’s help  via  
     Thanks so much for the  and RT!
 Readers Bypass Big Newspapers To Set News Agendas:  with Spot.us - encouraging citizen jouranalism!
 Vivanista: Live well & do good  via 
 Saturday Night Storytelling Festival to revisit art of storytelling, listening | al.com  Fairhope, Alabama 7pm, free
    Thanks so much for the mentions! Always appreciated!
     Thanks so much for the mentions - and hugs! Very much appreciated!
 Justmeans:  $16,000 Sustainable Packaging Challenge  video comp - find a non recyclable packaging problem , $1k prize
 An inspiring local story of 3 preschoolers who said "Yes We Can" - and did! Helping to raise money for thousands... 
   Thanks for the shout out! Always appreciated!
 Toan Lam writes about how he found his storytelling voice after losing his job with a TV network, and went on to... 
 RT   Loooove what you're up to! :) <-- Thx so much Tammi - gr8 2 connect w/ you!
 RT  Spot.Us Donation: I have just donated to  -  <-- Very much appreciated, Rick!
 FYI - A couple of ppl have asked us for our 'Storytellers For Good' Facebook page - you can find it  at 
 How  uses video to get to heart of your organization’s story  via    
 Positive Impact Magazine, whose premier issue published in January 2010,
 11 Holiday Gift Programs That Benefit Nonprofits and Make the World A Better Place :: 2010 Edition
    to you JD for the post - & Happy Thanksgiving to all at Socialbrite - great work!
 Plant the seeds of hope wherever you can  via   's Mama Hope Video   
 There are a lot of really great stories coming out of the new social enterprise culture that is rapidly expanding,... 
   You need to follow us so I can DM you the info u asked for - not sending email addr over   messages. Thx.
 Viewchange.org's Film Contest's $20,000 Grand Prize Winner: New York director and communications consultant Aaron... 
 RT  The ViewChange.org Grand Prize Winning Film: Kakenya 
 RT  Storytellers for Good: The 93 Dollar Club  <-- Appreciate the tweet!
 Thank you   - appreciate the love!
 I just voted - FWD: pls VOTE   4 STL Youth Volunteers  women of worth Thnk U! Simone
 Simone Bernstein reached out to me via Twitter and asked me to vote for her in the L'Oreal Women of Worth Awards.... 
 Real Video Marketing Power Lies In Community Participation   via  Applies whether u are  or for-profit.
 How to Turn Video Views Into Life-Saving Dollars
 The Reinvention Summit - Nov 11 - 22 - A virtual summit on the future of storytelling   - 4 broadcasts a day.
  Appreciate the follow, Pamela. If you ever need any help with some storytelling ...
 Check out  to see great videos about real progress being made in the developing world!  
 Check out ViewChange.org,
 Check out lifetimes worth of wisdom in a 5 minute video!
 A short but inspiring story about Emily Cummins who, while still at school, invented a solar-powered fridge that... 
 How to Turn Video Views Into Life-Saving Dollars | Beth’s Blog   
 According to a study published this week by goodpurpose, a division of Edelman focused on socially responsible... 
 RT  11 Holiday Gift Programs that Benefit  and Make the World A Better Place  
 [VIDEOS] from the Communications Network Conf. LA 2010  Flipcam interviews of conf-goers having their say. 
 I posted 10 photos on Facebook in the album "Chicago Launch" 
 Our latest video -made for the Random Acts of Kindness Foundation - has just been released on their website (2... 
 RT  23 Year Old Invents Solar-Power Fridge Being Used In Africa | The Good Human   
 Philanthropic Ventures Foundation's Blog   20 Years of Grassroots Grantmaking in 2 Minute Videos - Nicely done!
 RT  Just discovered  - watch this video to see what they do     
  Thank you for the 
 7th Annual Conference of Social Entrepreneurs: Measuring Social Impact  Nov 5th    
 Tonic:  [STUDY] Americans increasingly demand social responsibility from the brands they buy.    
 3 amazing Chicago nonprofits will be competing (Sat) to win a PRO BONO promo video produced by Storytellers for Good 
 [EVENT] Storytellers for Good & Skattered Moments Fundraiser Launch Party, Nov 6, 6.30pm Chicago, Colombia Yacht Club  
 If you're in Chicago this weekend, check our our launch party with Skattered Moments!... 
 Congrats to 3 amazing Chicago non-profits who will be competing to win one pro-bono project at our Chicago launch... 
 Network for Excellence in Teaching (NExT)  has online video contest to showcase the stories of inspirational educators  
 PRNewswire: Great teachers do much more than educate – they motivate and inspire. The Network for Excellence in... 
 PRNewswire: Great teachers do much more than educate – they motivate 
 How To Get Your Videos On Google TV - One More Benefit Of Video Sitemaps  via 
  Thx for the follow! Great idea - there's a group who does this in New York. Hope you can show us round Moscow in the future!
 Please feel free to post your own positive news stories to our wall - we'd love to hear about the good things... 
 Video Will Be Top Of The New Media Food Chain - Says Blogworld CEO, Rick Calvert  via 
 We connected with Chris Gelkin in Hong Kong this week - via Twitter. Chris shares a passion very similar to our... 
   Thanks for the heads-up! Now successfully subscribed to yr newsletter!
 Great example of using storytelling skills to improve young people's writing skills, from Life Academy, Oakland,... 
 Learn the new storytelling models for social innovation at Reinvention Summit  Nov 11 for 2 wks  
 Hillary Clinton Expands Support for Social Enterprise  ( stuff)   
   Tried to sign up for yr newsletter but confirnation link says "not a valid url" - let me know when fixed & I'll try again!
 Discovered a new blog you may be interested in - their goal is to "raise awareness for the many causes,... 
 Signed up 4 the   raising awareness of people  using the web to make a positive impact on the world.
 IdeaexChange: Cultural Tunnel Vision:   African photojournalism needs a desire to tell new, contextualized stories.
 RT   News: Actress Lindsay Price is on a mission to tell a story & Send the Orphans Back ... 
 RT  Just finished filming w/  in downtown  What is   to you?! pq
 RT  Thank you, Diesa, for your kind tweets! Glad to be of help!
 Tell your friends and help us earn some Spot$! There are so many great nonprofits and social enterprises who have... 
 RT  Spot.us - Pitch: Help Storytellers For Good Tell The Inspiring Stories of Local Nonprof..   
 Here is an uplifting story about an innovative plan that a Pennsylvania man has put together to spur hiring for... 
 [VIDEO] Great example of corporate social responsibility in  by  w/  KaBOOM   
 REVIEW REDEUX: Heartland Film Festival, Indianapolis, showcases independent films telling positive & uplifting stories  
 PhotoPhilanthropy: Activist Awards Live Judging in San Francisco, November 6 & 7      
 IdeaexChange:Thru passionate storytelling Chetna Sinha shares tales of impact & change for impoverished women in India. 
 Socialbrite:  How to make your   more social  
 Amazing and inspiring story of one family that discovered the 'Power of Half' and have written a book about their... 
 PFJ:   Brands that advertise around stories find their recommendations boosted by 19% [SURVEY}   What's your story?
 [workshop]  Storytelling for  Harnessing the Power of  and Print to Promote Your Stories  28th Oct 
 A great little story about a brother and sister team who have found a way to divert some of the billions of... 
 From Communications Network 2010 Conf - [VIDEO}   Suzana Grego from the Firelight Foundation on Storytelling 
 Save the Waves Film Festival [EVENT]  Nov. 12th, 7pm    
 Internet to Surpass 2 Billion Users This Year  via   Your audience is amongst them!
 3 Things Any Video Needs to Go Viral  via   -  can learn from this as well!
 World Challenge Voting has opened for World Challenge 2010. You can vote for your favourite project at the website... 
 [workshop]  Storytelling for  Harnessing the Power of  and Print to Promote Your Stories  28th Oct 
 Video Can Help Boost Donations in End-Of-The-Year Fundraising | Beth’s Blog     We certainly agree!
  Thank you for your kind words and  Diesa - always appreciated!
 Tonic:  People talk about  Some dream about it. Others take action and ARE the change [VIDEO]  
 Five free and easy web tools for better online storytelling 
 3 Creative Social Good Campaigns that Will Make You Smile  via     
 LinkTV:  TED Talks: Chimamanda Adichie - The danger of a single story   TV Oct 20 & 25 or online at this link.
 "ONCE upon a time in Chicago, there lived a man named Abe" - so begins a great story in the NY Times Business... 
 NYTimes:Business:  Turning Business Owners Into Stars of Their Own Stories  This is what new media is all about!
 [workshop]  Storytelling for  Harnessing the Power of  and Print to Promote Your Stories  28th Oct 
 FoundationCenter:  Echoing Green to Award $1 Million to Emerging Social Entrepreneurs    Apply by Nov 12th.
 Google Video Sitemaps Best Practices - Webinar Video  via 
 ConversationAgent:  Why Visual Stories Resonate   w/ respect to presentations, but principles apply universally.
 RT  Excited to have Cara Jones fr  present workshop on storytelling for nonprofits on Oct 28 
 "Remember — each little “hmmmm” is a gift. It’s a clue on the treasure map to your inspired life".  Daryn Kagan's... 
 Grow Food, Grow Hope - a Wilmington College sponsored project which seeks to raise awareness of the benefits of... 
 Forward Ever Media, LLC officially announces the launch of the 2025 Game Changers Project – a national media... 
 Palm Gives 500 Pre Plus Phones to Good Causes  via     
 CalDoSomething.org:  Social E-Panel, Hub Bay Area   Fri 8th, Barrows Hall, Rm170  Grt lineup w/ grt insights  
 Global Happiness Summit on USS-Hornet - Where Will You Be 10-10-10? | Online Press Release | News ..  
 [workshop]  Storytelling for  Harnessing the Power of  and Print to Promote Your Stories  28th Oct 
 Cara is presenting 'Storytelling for Nonprofits: Harnessing the Power of Video and Print to Promote Your Stories'... 
 Twitter Micro-Video Marketing Strategies for Business – The TwitVid Interview  via  Mmm..must think more on this.
 Improve your online social good campaigns [EBook]  via      
 2025 Game Changers Project     a series of micro-documentaries that will redefine the image of African American males.
 Five very good examples of the power of storytelling in video for socially good causes. What a great tool YouTube... 
 5 YouTube Projects That Are Making a Difference  via    The power of storytelling in 
   Many thanks for the  suggestion! They look great - will definitely connect with them! Appreciate the thought.
 Watch Cara's ( interview w/ Lloyd Nimetz of Blitz Bazzar, Live on JustGoodTV    Now!
 More great stories  when Cara interviews Lloyd Nimetz of Blitz Bazzar coming up, Live on JustGoodTV   
 Cara's interview w/ Abby Falik of Global Citizen Year is about to start Live on JustGoodTV   
 RT  RT  the future of news will be social and will be semantic - wendy hanamura from link.tv 
 RT  "Trust is the new black" Wendy Hanamura quoting Craig Newmark  
 Cara interviewing Abby Falik/Global Citizen Year & Lloyd Nimetz/Blitz Bazzar - Live on JustGoodTV at 4pm on  
 RT  The critical element of networks is trust, not control. 
 Arabella contunues - More great people & stories w/ Cara Jones in the Dynamic Dialogue Lounge at 4pm on  
 Coming up - Cara's interview w/ Simon Griffiths of 'Who Gives A Crap', in the Dynamic Dialogue Lounge!   
 Watch Cara's interviews w/ Abby Falik of Global Citizen Year & Lloyd Nimetz of Blitz Bazzar starting 4pm on  
 Cara's interview w/ Colin Mutchler of LoudSauce is about to start in the Dynamic Dialogue Lounge!   
 Coming up - Cara's interview w/ Simon Griffiths of Who Gives A Crap in the Dynamic Dialogue Lounge!   
 coming up - Cara's interviews w/ Colin Mutchler of LoudSauce & Simon Griffiths of Who Gives A Crap  for 
 Cara Jones is about to interview Daniel Kaufman of the One Percent Foundation on   - now! 
 Cara  currently interviewing  Liz Alderman of the Aldeman Foundation  
 Cara will be interviewing a variety of people from the SOCAP10 conference in San Francisco today, broadcasting... 
 Cara from  will be interviewing from the Dynamic Dialogue Lounge at  from noon PST Tune in to 
 Cara from Storytellers For Good scheduled to be broadcasting at  from noon-1pm and 4-4:30pm 
 SOCAP10http://www.livestream.com/socap10SOCAP10
 RT   Livestream kicks off  PST.  Tune into the Kickoff w/  & Margaret McGovern - 
 Cara will be interviewing various people at the SOCAP10 event in San Francisco today! More info on who and when... 
 RT  RT  hashtag for   tracks are        
 Cara will be at  today - watch the livestream from 10am PST  Its gonna be an interesting day!  
 Net Neutrality for Networked Nonprofits: Guest Post by Vince Stehle | Beth’s Blog    
 Philanthropy411Blog: From the Social Media Toolbag:  on Twitter  How SocMed extends yr event beyond the venue.
 Have just signed up to  - The place to share, sell & find  and  tools / templates / resources of all types.
 Convinced you have the entrepreneurial mettle to define progress in our time? Accelerate your high-impact venture... 
 Accelerate yr venture: 60 mentors, 24 world-class peers, 100s of investors, 5 cities.  now  
 RT  Do you care about Women's rights? Please watch this video & retweet! A real unheard story   ...
 I’m betting $10 Social Media Wins … | Beth’s Blog  Help raise $1937 for good cause TODAY and prove  works!
 Philanthropy411Blog: Tell me a story   'In a networked age ... a good story can be powerful medicine". 
 9 Creative Social Good Campaigns Worth Recognizing [Mashable Awards]  via    
 Philanthropy411Blog:  The Search for Wisdom    "How can foundations not jump in"?
 Appreciate the follow, Stefan. Trust comnet010 is as good as it sounds from the tweets! Hope to be able to get there in person next year!
 RT  "Tell yr story, be fresh about it, be smart about how, recognize message is owned by audience"-   
 RT  Tracy Gary says in the foundation world that it's our job to tell new stories in new ways, a pattern heard at the 
 RT  It's one thing to inspire people, it's another to inspire action:  - use stories to foment social change! 
 RT  Neal Baer: use data to understand issues, tell stories to foment social change. 
 RT   we are like story vampires, sucking life out of our great stories > U need to talk to Cara 'Van Helsing' Jones!
 RT  RT  Why can't foundations be publishers of stories that move people? the future? Phaps w/ the right help?
 RT  "A woman with a video camera in her hands is a powerful voice!"  ~ via 
 RT  Nathaniel Ayers (the soloist) humanized LA's Skid Row & mental illness. Fine example of  at its best. 
 RT  So true! RT  It only takes one person's story to humanize an issue that afflicts millions.  esp on film
 We're working on some "corporate kindness" video ideas for a client. Any  based businesses that are especially encouraging of this? 
 When Dallas Jessup started Just Yell Fire to help girls fight back 
 RT  Spot.Us Post: 3 clicks for a free $6 for Storytellers for Good!! -  > thx - every little helps! 
