  a reliable record shop in providence would be Round Again Records
   meerrrrrr nice seeing u Saturday :)
 HeadPhoneHOME: Album: The Black Keys Various Rappers - BlakRoc (2009) - HOT ALBUM….i found out about when i... 
  HAPPY BDAY POOPY :)
 man & MACHINE: Peter Leadbeater | Hypebeast - dope video 
 Seoul Trick Jam | Hypebeast - FIXIES IN SEOUL….MOST DOPE 
 Grove Bamboo iPhone & iPad Cases - LOVING THESE CASES 
 Only Time Will Tell - REVOK IS BACK ! 
 Hello! - Hey tumblr fam….will be posting music,art,photograph,fashion…etc 
  ohhh reallooo...sounds like a plan meowwww
  or else what? Sry be super busy..next week ill be out and about tho :)
   hey i miss your face :)
          Simone  
  hey u don't say that..lol
  k I know what happen I sent the tweet to myself...oops ..lol
   hey poop..this work?
  tonight we takin mad shots
  ok ur a poop then...ewwwwwy
  your sweet like a super pop :)
  thanks brother
  how can i get those dms slipmats?
  Lollipops?????
 Anybody got 3rd base...stepping to the am..acap?????
 Lmao super gangsta..RT     Buhahaha RT   ninjaturtles menace to society
  I knew I should have wore the sponge
  ohhh WOW...u just got me in the mood for pickles..no homo..lol
  should we say it in a (Mickey mouse voice)???
  that's a new one ???
 That a new one..hahaha
  ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh meeerrr
 Super awesome  is following me..that just made my day
 Anybody else having trouble logging into Facebook????
  woooooooooohoooooooo
  hey poopy pants
 check it out...new one coming soon..NELB3 x WOWZERS x HI:SOCIETY by NELB3 via  
 Very nice :)RT   when I  I learn some people are just not worth my light, my love or my effort
  I've had the flu for the whole week..couldn't get outta bed for 2days..shit suxs
  ;) I need some snacks to make me feel better ....I'm super sick :(
 RT  iPhone 5 shipping in September sources say, better 8mp camera and faster processor
 I've been waiting for this moment... all my life... But it don't seem right
 this  pools mix is super smooth...big influence on how i dj
  u lier..u said u ate them all...ill take them of ur hands...but the time I get home...they will be gone..
  :( I'm hungry..u meanie
  I'm still waiting for my snacks
 LmaoRT  "Boob" is the perfect word. The B looks like an aerial view of them, the 2 o's look like a ... 
  greedy person u
  I want some!!!!
 check it out...feedback welcomed NELB3 x WOWZERS x HI:SOCIETY by NELB3 via  
 new mix :) 
  whats good homie
 check out my mix  
 This hydrocodone(liquid form)...is bananas..shouldn't have taken it at work..oppss
 Rise N Grind..soundtrack of the day  mixtape...
 theres nothing like  mixes
 RT  RT  "I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not." - RIP Kurt Cobain. 
 RT  RT         4eva ... 
 RT  Anxiety,fear and sadness are self created.   
   Practice loving everything, and everybody.  But only hang in places and w/people that lift u up
 RT  "Good artists copy ,,, Great artists Steal!!" Great quote from picasso !!!!
 feedback,feedback,feedback...
 new mix check it out...NELB3 x WOWZERS x HI:SOCIETY by NELB3 via  
  follow some my homies   
 new mix...feedback please NELB3 by NELB3 via  
 any feedback is good feedback...thanks...NELB3 x WOWZERS x HI:SOCIETY by NELB3 via  
 check out my new mix...feedback please..
 DOWNLOAD + FEED BACK////  NELB3 x WOWZERS x HI:SOCIETY by NELB3 via  
 NELB3 x WOWZERS x HI:SOCIETY by NELB3 via  
  verryy verrrdd ove deeyyy
  I don't know..maybe I'm not that important :)
  the future of southern hip hop...this mixtape is super dope..keep doin your thing homie
  this New fortune mix is redonk..keep smashin homie
  meeerrr meoowww woffffff,shammoonnn miss drank drink
 Happy bday to some of my influences   and can't forget  a mix down today too..what a great day
  BDAY..YOU ARE TRULY MISSED..RIP HOMIE
  I agree..next time eat soo u can keep up..ok thank you..lol
  happy bday hun...you the bestest bestest...:)
  u should have some chesse and crackers wit the wine...lmao
  lol..u loved it...lightweight..lmao
  VIEW  slingin them drinks..I HEART U :)
  VIEW  strict killing it.... is being missed..hope rocky is fist pumpin cause I am :)
  next time ill sink in ur purse
  I was suppose to go then went to saints first..and someone told me view wasn't lettin anybody in ... 
 Woffff..how u been..I didn't get to see u this weekendRT   not much big doggie
 What's up kitten?  RT  Yeaaaaaa kidddddd RT    meerrrrrr
   meerrrrrr
  For real son
  im the future..robot voice
 ??? In what way?
 Headin to VIEW lounge to rage wit 
  RT  Life is a strange dance, unscripted, blindfolded & bound by chance more than by choice..
 I pride myself on not watching the news...cause pretty much all news is bad..and they have one good piece..woke up ... 
 Yea sonny.. DO WORK..lookin forward to it..RT  woohoo  RT  New site in few days... ... 
  i think someone hijacked your blog son
 RIP BIGGIE, YOU CHANGED THE MUSIC INDUSTRY WIT ILL SWAG
  No Ideas V2 hella dope...everytime I listen to it..I find something new
 EVERYBODY DONT FORGET GO GET   GOOD MUSIC..ONE OF MY FAV RAPPERS
 DailyHoroscope for Leo Mar 8 2011 Old rules may no longer apply to a new and thrilling situation. Don't be held ... 
  nice meeting u last nite bro..keep smashin them out there
   naughty tried to get in last night.....no go????????
  no prob...I need to get u down to new england area..
  thanks homie..ill check it out when I get chance
   mix is redonkalicous wofffffffff big influence on my djing..keep dropping that ishhhhh
 Black Man in the White House...I call that Formal Attire
 DailyHoroscope for Leo Feb 24 2011 Explore new horizons in education, business, or for generally broadening your ... 
 RT  RT  Don't forget to dvr  on David Letterman tonight w/ the homie  on the decks. LA all ...
 Bangin jointRT  Good morning y'all. What you guys listening to this morning? I'm bumpin Saigon's "The Greatest Story Never Told"
 RT  RT  Smoke good. Fuck better. Count money. What's better?
 Track name?? Stairs of soundRT  This is happening right now....(-:   
 LmaoRT  What did the egg say to the boiling water? It's going to take a while to get me hard, I just got laid last night.
 For some reason car chargers hate my car...either I lose them or the break...5 one this year
 I LUV MCD'S ORANGE JUICE
 Ahh good ... 
 Then they spill a drink and bounce...RT  Dear Douchebags, no u cannot come in the dj booth and fist pump.
 RT  Rare treat provided by  who may be dead RT  Abe Froman Showmen slipmats ... 
 RT  Wowwwww klo hacked my phone damn!!! I'm about to go ove dey and hack double dragon karate chops 
 At VIEW... Gettin shitty  
 RT  TNT - Hot Gyal (Carl Arm! Remix) IS DA SHITTTTTTT!!!!! 
  thanks hun
 sometimes i luv when im not understood, other times i hate it 
 RT  SINDEN PRESENTS: FREE GUCCI 2 drops for free tomorrow.  New music by Hudson Mohawke, Rustie Rus ... 
 Listenin to P.A  
 RT  If you have not done it, get over to  and download my mix with   Notorious Party B ...
  changed the dj game and that will always be installed in me.RT  Happy Birthday Jam Master Jay. I We Miss You!!
 DoubleWORDRT  Word. RT  If you appreciate music and are passionate about it all around, the money is just a bonus...
 That is a good idea..I need to talk to the rite people now.RT   Now that's an ad idea we can co-sign.
 Can't wait to hear it when I get home..is it dope?RT  Timbaland Previews 'Timbaland Thursday' Leak ... 
 LMAO RT  I just saved a bunch of money on car insurance by switching... my car into reverse and ... 
 RT  RT  “Gymnasium” comes from the Greek word “gymnazein”: to exercise naked.
 Only if it was a tub full of vitamin water. RT  Kevin Durant Says He'd Drink Scarlett Johansson's Bath ... 
 I just realized I forgot to put one BO/STICK...stay away...lol
  RT  In 1903, a German company produced a phonograph that played records made of CHOCOLATE! ... 
  lmao...its goin worldwide now
  damn your beast..cosign by 
  sweet ..should I bring the shake weight?
  are u goin to be at shrine friday?
 I'm the man ,and u know this!!!... I got flavor..
 DailyHoroscope for Leo Jan 14 2011 Efforts you put forth in 2010 are about to pay off, Leo. You began to work on ... 
 what i wouldnt do to meet  and chop it up wit her...she soo dope
 RT  get this new  mixtape mixed by  =  - its ...
 Bumpin  this mixtape goes H.A.M..ILUVURSTYLE
 once randy savage told me to snap into a slim jim....not good advice if your obese
 RT  Im my Happiest when im around Music
 DAYQUIL n TEA...COME ON EVERYBODY FUNK IT UP
 I gots that sweatySWAG..stop sweating me..lmao.RT  online shopping + treadmill = sweat equity
  Most people have BIG EGOS..and little personality
 This should be interesting...RT  NecoleBitchie.com: Lil Kim Brings Mary J Blige & Keyshia Cole ... 
  you smashed it last night at shrine.....FINAL
 RT + follow  for a chance at a free BlackBerry smartphone every day for the next 6 days
 RT  RT  Kanye West ft. Rick Ross, Bon Iver & Nicki Minaj - Monster (Superix re-edit) ... 
 GOALLLLLLLRT  When I get excited about an idea, I don't just kill it. I kill it, rape it and then ... 
 Listening to  set on  
 RT  Daft Punk: a video history - Resident Advisor tipped us off to this concise video history of (cont) 
 LmaoRT  Why do bigger girls wear the least clothes?! 
  good man..talk to u on the phone earlier today..i will deff be callin you friday.. thanks for the help
 Yup those are the joints..thanks bro..keep smashin them...RT   the eric Bennett & Sunshine Anderson?
  my bad..what where the two last RnB songs you played?..shit was dope
  what RnB was that? With the chicks sing?
 Woooff what a amazing dayRT  Having sex with the fantastic lily lebeau today with  (cont) 
 DopeRT  Truthfully: The sun is out to remind you to shine throughout the day!
 Lmao..maybe one day he will set up to colored pencils one day..doubt it  RT  Bout to ghostwrite (cont) 
 LmaoRT   when any man gets into a Smart Car their virginity is given back to them
 Its nerf or nothing
 RT  If you havent had a chance to download my latest Mix Cd "The Game Changer" please go to www.djheadhoncho.com & get it, ...
 RT  for all my DJ'S im going to be posting dj info, new turntables, new cd players, new mixers and new types of needles  ...
   get the skullcandy mixmastermike joints...look real dope
 RT   if you look into an alligators mouth you can see Steve Irwin waiving back at you
 RT  Music is the meaning of Life
  good sunday morning cartoons
  Like this one :)RT  I got to pull a rabbit out of a hat today. I (cont) 
 RT  RT  You can't wait for something to happen, u gotta get moving & make it happen!
 Lmao..I would just say your boriedRT  Just got done rearranging my cabinets...I'm old
 White chicks part duexRT  I drive a Prius because I heard being a pretentious white bitch is good for the environment.
 Happy birthday to your BUM..cause u should get a cake for it everyday..its amazing :)RT  Happy (cont) 
 Fo sho RT  World needs less autotune and more great rappers
 RT  lets say a snowman does come to life like frosty...would his ass melt if he farted? lmfao
   but if you where a visual guest on a xmas show I most deff wouldn't change it :)
  geeks..yesss..soo your sayin i have a chance?lol
 RT   life before twitter/facebook. when being social meant actually showing up in person.
 RT  Wow that is funny haha RT  HOV is an STD virus only Jay-z can get.
  i hate that too ..cause they play the same 5 songs for like 3 hours...ughhhhhhhhh
 ok i just found the wonderful world of BREAKBEATS...YESSSSS!!!!!!
  where can cop that?
  Cock sock
 The C's doin work...the celtics make me happy
 Thanks for the nice mental picture;)RT  I had so many orgasms today on fuckingmachines LIVE I couldn't ... 
 He most have hella gems RIP RT  DJ AM Memorial Fund Record Sale this weekend.  Thanks to  ... 
  your newest mix is 
 Scam artistRT  today you can vote for the asshole that's going to take all your money or the idiot who ... 
  Like wise..ill send my info soon..keep grindin sonny
 PEARL  rockin it ..woooffffff
 RT  RT  Dub Floyd's 'Screamixx Two' with  
 Damn son..did someone throw a discounted 1200...RT  I hurt myself 
 VIEW....rockin out the urkel costume...heyyyy
  thanks brah
 the C's are lookin awesome..this season is goin to be bananas
 women take a shower...after they get off the phone wit me
 RT  My parents insist on driving me to my reunion since ill be drinking. I can't turn that down, but maybe they can drop me aro ...
 RT   congrats to you ... The first dj in the worl for everything. All us djs have allot to thank you for ! U did it all
 What's my GPA? Did I pass?RT   Test
  that dude and the chick should hook up...she will be breast feeding twins...lmao
   WOW i just went from 6 to 12.. than you for that ;)
  no doubt..mad love
 RT  Please don't get it confused. I'm a hip hop DJ who happens to be able to play anything 
 Monet ..about to throw some back with  goin to see the view at  dropin bombs
 Listening to  july  mix...hella dope...haven't taken it out my car for a month now
 Hos be the same......only thang change is the outfit
 RT   You should appreciate what you have, before it becomes what you had....
 Ok...if u still wear NwO tshirts in public..u should get worlds greatest whitetrash award 
 bangin out to jigmastas_infectious lp....real dope album..real hiphop
 Last nite was hella dope at monet thanks too  and  straight killed it...I wish I didn't leave early..
 Monet ..  and  goin to kill it..real djs doing real djs
  yea mang i got u....ill try too get them today..if not then tomorrow
 anybody have the Holy Ghost _Hold On- Instrumental?????
  I'm the same way..don't wanna be late..then everything gets messed up
  that's good tho..gets them outta the way
  pure mix is redic....plain and simple
  I hate that..soo much time spent for 3 joints
   where can I get that tee? That's dope
  i never got to see u play live and never meet you..i really regret that..but deff changed my life..i see music in a diff light now.
  just came up wit a idea for screenwerks..mtv video mixtape ( the good years)..wordplay..lol..that be dope
  I wanna hear..wut u doin tonite homie?
  dj_scooby wuts up mang..thanks for the follow..its crazy my cuz just movied down there..how the dj scene over there?
  inception ..i heard real good
  Get Right SUM2010 is hella dope
  Youtube has it..just rip it off there..I think I have it..ill look when I get home...
  u guys raped lopez tonite stage...wow!
 It was well put together I think.RT  Update:  Three tracks into "Thank Me Later" and I feel (cont) 
  where can I get that challah mixtape that you and AM did...I would love to hear..
  ur dirty south dance V2..is soo dope..do work..
 Soo true..do work son..u killin them..RT  Fashion's not about what ever it is that you're wearing, but (cont) 
 Soo true..do work son..u killin them..RT  Fashion's not about what ever it is that you're (cont) 
 new uffie  remix is real dope  gotta drop one..or  collabo
 RT  Y'all talkin about showin love to those while they still with- Well legendary DJ Premier is on NOW  ( live  ...
  miami 2010 vids ...are off the chain..good work guys..keep grindin
 You did a lot for the hip hop world..u will live with me thur your music...
 RT  Check out Toni Braxton - So yesterday (Chuckie Remix) 
 just heard some  tracks...they be killin it..keep grindin
  biggie & 2pac was still alive..would they be doing electro tracks???
  nice blog son..well made
  djm 400..not really good for scratchin tho...or rane ttm56..better for scratchin..no effects tho
  how much u wanna spend?
  depends wut ur lookin for in a mixer
  thanks for that blog..checkin out today..good looks
 Foo shoo finally some heatRT   shutterbug is the joint!
 RT   comp: re-tweet the above message for a chance to win a cap and t-shirt hook-up of your choice from the SS1 ...
 WOW!!!!!RT  Now that's a bud! 
 Lmao..RT  I need a "reggaeton" nap (quick and forgotten)
 Check it !!!!!RT  FREE Download - David Guetta - Memories (Dj Gigahurtz Edit) -  (Pls RT)
 Deff mang..its hard to keep up..RT  DJs... there's a ton of new stuff on djcity.com. I'm downloading my heart out right now
 anybody got "blackstreet ft foxy brown /get me home remix /acapella?????
 RT  Happy B-Day  We were blessed with 2 Incredible Dj's on This Day!
 Happy brithday adam "dj am" goldstein...hope u MJ, biggie are throwin a banger up there....shammoooon
 RT  Today, March 30, is the birthday of Adam "DJ AM" Goldstein, one of the greatest & most talented people to walk the Earth.
 Ill bring the spilter...lolRT  Agenda for Turtles gang meeting Tue  8 in the library: the (cont) 
 Sooo true..RT  The DJ game is like jail now. If you don't link with a crew, there's a slim chance you'll survive.
 Shit mang do work???
  Damn really? For y???
  SB10 mix is hot
  blog search on dms is dope
 Shizz is bangin..RT  RT  "Kings & Queens Of The Club" features sets from : (cont) 
  do work sonny delight
 RT   who will have ya back but you got 1 time to disrespect me  and it will be a wrap for you... I PROMISE!!!!
 RT  RT  you tell me you're a DJ. cool. so WHY THE F*CK ARE YOU IN MY EAR REQUESTING (cont) 
 RT  RT  Hahaha! RT   it is soooo hard bein at a club when ur not (cont) 
  just checked out remix report..nice site homie..a lot of good stuff in there
 Can't wait RT  Tonight! As per request ill be dropping an all old skool hip hop and breaks set on the (cont) 
 RT  creativity is like a muscle.  you've gotta build it up to get stronger.  and give it some time to rest in between.
 RT  Happy BIG Day!!!!!! We miss you BIG!!!!!! Let's gooooo!!!!...
 RT  Whatever happened to genre nights? Every night at every club is literally the same.
 Have a safe trip mang..powwww.RT  Headed to acapulco to spin  playa suites for spring break.. Anyone going to be down there?
 RT  Shout outs to DJs who spend as much (if not more) time on their DJing as they do on their brand.
  wuts good homie
  damnn son..irs be killin mofos
 Ooooo how I hate ri dmv...mad mofoss ova hayyy
  u got mail
 RT  DJ'S!!! 3 NEW JAMS UP NOW INCLUDING THE **LONG AWAITED** JAY-Z REGGAE CHOP!!! www.crooklynclan.net/dannydiggz RT & REPOS ...
  wuts ur email..i gots
  u got hacked buddy..change ur password
  get it in...lol
  just wanted to say u killed it sat at view..I was on the stage watchin u..ur cuts where soo clean
 RT  Imagine nyc had an olympic challenge for the "100 dollar" dj.......
 RT    PROMOTERS SUCK!!!!   Lying cheating stingy bastards.
 RT  Speaking of awesome parties, Serato X was amazing. DJ AM's set from that night:  - we miss you ...
 Shout outs to the serato fam for lookin out
 Thanks to everyone that let me know that my shizz got hacked..everything straight now...my bad..
 RT  he's making real ppls coming together and weeding out the fake ones.. he still doing it and he aint here...I hear u son
  same here sweetheart..would like to take this time to say ..u are beautiful..and ur accent is wicked sexy ;)
  microwave djs
  good looks homie
 RT  If u single and proud on this Valentines Day....Retweet this!!
 RT  RIP Larry Levan
 About to watch DISTRICT 9
 Wtf...really..celtics lost by one point again..need to give that shit to house
  why is beezo down?
 RT  Am I at a pitbull concert or listening to the opening dj?
 RT  So true! RT  I hate having to wait on people when I'm on a schedule!!
 Sarah u crazy...lol..RT  RT  All girls with fake boobs have dogs named after either liquor or cars.
 RT  Hey Apple... die. You get no more of my money until you release the iSlut....lmao
 RT  If ur tired of DJ's yelling on the mic like Ralph Kramden cuz they can't mix the next record in.. Join www.ScratchVision.com
 
  can't stop listenin to Super 7 vol 3..shit is bananas..hype on another level...woooffff
  Is this the real zooey..or just a fan twitter?
  wut?...u talkin about the vid? His deff a mcdousch..
  You need to come too the east coast and rock it..
  White light mix is crazy..its soo smooth man...good work
  you need your own show..everyone one else is boring
 RT  People are wondering what Pauly D wants for a show... I just got the E Mail from CEG since I do bookings in SF... Its 10 ...
 EPIC dj fail..lol.. 
  i talked to u on mikidz's show board..u said u make dj drops..was wondering if u still up for it
  when is the sure shot on again?
 Nothin beats some pink floyd in tha morning 
 RT  go DL  's Super 7 mixtape and learn something  shizz Is bangin
  ....shit is hella funny 
  it ....dooo work.. 
  ...happy braaaafffday....yeeeeaaaahhhhhh 
 I think I'm turning japanese , I think I'm turning japanese ,I really think sooo 
 RT  how confusing is it gonna be to dj with 3 decks on the new serato when your drunk?...lmao.. 
 RT  most djs are shy naturally .... we need masks, patron, and other things to get us out of our shells 
   ...bangers has always..do work son
 listenin>>daft punks  live vegoose mix...i cant wait for new album
 RT  RT Who gives a Fuck?  What time is PAULY D on  wish they streamed soo I could laugh
 Writing the date is soo werid now...doesn't look rite...I always write zero first..then I'm like fack ...soo I have to sneak that one in.lol
  ...thanks
  really ...how we go about it..u got a website or something? 
  much for drops? 
 ...just got the wanna rock remixs...wit jay z..clean and dirty...shammooonn
 lmao...ask them if they got custom CV nails 
 RT  Snoop Dogg Feat Jay-Z - I Wanna Rock (Official Remix): 
 RT  if you are serious about being a dj, you gotta do more than just play music (networking, marketing, etc...) 
 Celtics game is pretty nutty rite now
 RT  DJs: Serato 2.0 has 3 deck support. Its been confirmed. 
 Come Get Me is Hot like a volcano taco...good shizz
 RT  No one ever tried to stop me from learning how to DJ, so I will never discourage anyone from learning either.
 RT  Sneak peak! Scratch session w    at Nike x DJ AM event last Sat. 
 Celtics Game 
  ...good looks
 listenin to pay dues and break even mix.... shit is banana sandwich  wait for saturday at monet
 RT   - you gotta check out TRACY MORGAN like right now! - nigga is crazy!!!! 
 ...Chillen at the crib..tryin to spit wit O...mad instrumentals...lol 
 Where can I get the dj am x dj premo rival pack...in the new england area???? 
  where can i get the accapella and instrumental for dirty girl?
 RT  GET US TO 4K DOWNLOADS!!!  GET THE NEW SINGLE "DIRTY GIRL" HERE  HOMIES RETWEET!!
