 Sendoff brunch for Danny. ( Inn at Bay Pointe) 
 RT  Overtweeting by  lost a half percent of followers…but increased his Klout score: 
 Welcome aboard. RT  OchoCinco 2.0
 RT  Fact: Ed Hardy means "douchebag" in 250+ languages.
 Squeeze box.  
 I'm at Uno Chicago Grill (250 Granite Street, at Stone Plaza Rd, Braintree) 
 Pernikoff Brothers!  ( The Red Parrot) [pic]: 
 FACT. RT  OPPOSITION to Boehner's Default Bill was bi-partisan  Lol RT  DC Dems prove how ...
 Listening to  on  - Boehner knew his plan wouldn't pass and wasted a day to posture a failed plan. 
 Well, that was a nice surprise.  
 I'm at MBTA Quincy Adams Station (Burgin Pkwy at Centre St, Quincy) w/ 3 others 
   please compromise on a balanced deficit solution.   please RT
 Yeah! I just got one of the first  accounts in the U.S. Sign up for an invite here to get Spotify for free: 
  she's out of her effing mind if she thinks her husband's "pray the gay away" bullshit isn't relevant.
 SHENANIGANS. RT  Bachmann: Questions about my husband, children, business are off limits 
   seriously - does that make the mission of "It Gets Better" any less valid or important?
 RT  In 2001,   told the Globe a lesbian couple's decision to have twins was "not normal."  ...
  obvs yes. Especially because it was clearly Kraft mac & cheese on that pizza. Foodie = sophistication.
 I'm at Flash's Cocktails (310 Stuart St, at Arlington St, Boston) 
 I just unlocked the "Foodie" badge on  
 RT  To defend Scott Brown, Senate GOP campaign committee attacks Dan Savage 
 RT  To defend  Senate GOP campaign committee attacks Dan Savage   
  Youth Leadership Summit. ( Boston Convention & Exhibition Center w/ 5 others) [pic]: 
 I'm at The Boston Foundation (75 Arlington Street, Providence Street, Boston) 
 I just ousted Bill C. as the mayor of The Boston Foundation on  
 RT  Dunkin Donuts IPO today - does that qualify as a Massachusetts state holiday?
 "Every man cannot have his will in all things." Hey  - are you listening?
  Kennedy/Kerry didn't try and sell themselves as working class, blue-collar guys. Completely different.
  Kennedy/Kerry didn't try and sell themselves as working class, blue-collar guys. Completely different.
 OMG. The bass upstairs. I have heartburn. ( Central Kitchen) 
 I'm at The Middle East Upstairs w/  
 I just unlocked the "VH1 Fanatic" badge on  
 Pre-show dinner. ( The Phoenix Landing) 
 RT  Sarah Palin speaks as if autocorrect keeps inserting the wrong words in her sentences.
 Little Britain USA - funniest show ever. EVER.
 RT  Question overheard tonight: "What happened to Scott Brown's plan to go to Afghanistan?" good question.    ...
 Hah - noted. RT  Airplane! RT  Is there anything worse than a screaming toddler at the hair salon?
 Is there anything worse than a screaming toddler at the hair salon?
 Love getting my hair done. ( Arona Salon) 
 Second. It was a bit much MT  Women in skirts might want to avoid the escalator at the Arlington  stop 
 Is he kidding?  BREAKING:  votes with Republican extremists for Cut, Cap and Kill Medicare bill.  
 The T is extra fun today. ( Heatpocalypse (Boston Edition) w/ 56 others) 
 RT  . | Scott Brown: The Caboose of the      
 Dammit  - stop sending trains through that aren't taking passengers!
   - a little long, but it'll work
 I'm at Ray & Joan KROC Community Center- Fitness Center (650 Dudley Street, Roxbury) [pic]: 
  hahaha - actually, not the loudest person here, I guess. I think "the loudest" title goes to your former boss.
 Daily my loudest colleague camps out in the hall and has a shrill 20+ minute conversation.  
 Director of PR, Communications Asst positions open at      
 I'm at The Boston Foundation (75 Arlington Street, Providence Street, Boston) 
 Ruh roh - McGrory's lost it. RT  Make Boston bicycle-free 
  or, frankly, ride the T. Those are Brookline moms.
  are you kidding? Beacon Hill moms would hop on the T w/ their strollers and converge in a protest on what's left of the Common!
  thought youd like RT  RT  public Google calendar with all farmers markets in eastern MA. bit.ly/qkX76f
 Slowest line ever. ( Dunkin Donuts) 
 I'm at Verndale Boston 
 RT  RT  5.5% MA residents are millionaires + Scott Brown voted for them today. Think the other 94.5% will reme ...
 I'm at MBTA Park Street Station (Park St, at Tremont St, Boston) w/ 5 others 
 Some1 just drove by me on Arlington St - didn't have my glasses on & was distracted on the phone! Who were you? I didnt mean to be rude!
 RT  More on  PSY from Boston dance company   opens tonight at  . ...
 LOVED it!! RT  Didja know  was named Boston's Best 2011 Touring Production by  
 WORST  ride. A kids field trip of foreigners - a woman with a HUGE ass sitting on me - then leaning over me w/ hairy armpits. Kill me.
 Just left  - show was AMAZING. 2 more weeks at the Cutler Majestic, check it out:  
 I'm at Cutler Majestic Theatre (219 Tremont St, btw Stuart & Boylston, Boston) w/ 5 others 
 Gahhh - I've been doing this ALL WRONG! Sun protection infographic: 
 Dear Doug Bennett: You and your candidacy are a joke. Stop emailing me. I've asked nicely many times, but now you're spam. Beat it. 
  why are events disappearing from my calendar? I have it synched w/ iPhone and stuff literally just disappears on both.
 Red Line - you're killing me today. 
 Yes. It took YEARS to get human trafficking laws passed in MA. RT  Caylee's Law - Really? Do something that matters. 
 I'll 2d that "wow" RT  Wow! RT  More US adults have a smartphone than a college degree 
 Very psyched for  tonight at the Cutler Majestic Theater: . 
 Most baffling story of the week. RT  Coheed & Cambria bassist faces the music for alleged drug heist: 
  you're welcome!
 Dear maintenance guy: Are you kidding me with the volume on your walkie-talkie?
 Who wants a Google+ invite?
 RT  Teens in region say they and their friends are too young for intensity seen in Wayland case 
 I'm at Ninety Nine Restaurant (250 Granite Street, South Shore Plaza, Braintree) 
 AHHH! LOVE! RT  wait, how did I not know these existed. GIANT JUICE BOXES! 
 Goddammit. I need a super computer.
 Dems. hit Brown for dearth of town hall meetings  via    
 Did I just see the guy from Memento in a Lotrimin commercial?
  ahhh! What is he doing on Beacon Hill?! He looks shorter than I imagined.
 RT  Rally planned tomo against  refusal 2 display paid ad on  oppo to enviro reg  
 RT  Since  won't hold open town halls, what would you like to  ?    
   what have you done for women lately?
 Co-sign!! RT  Steinman sista!  so proud of your dedication + amazing coverage of this trial.  at 9
 I'm at Stop and Shop (300 Grove St, Braintree) 
 Was enjoying this conversation, especially when it got to this point: RT   hipster.
 RT  No, snack food industry. Too soon. RT  Who's  about eating all the tasty treats they want?!
 Jury finds  not guilty of murder  via 
 Love the shots of the fireworks over  landmarks - nicely done, CBS.
 Bohemian Rhapsody? A bold choice, Mr. Lockhart. 
 I'm at Wessagusset Beach (Wessagusset St, North Street, Weymouth) w/ 7 others 
  if you don't get any takers, you can unload used CDs at Newbury Comics also.
 I'm at Mimosa Nail (655 Gallivan Boulevard, Boston) 
 Love this!!! RT  Red Sox say: It gets better 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of The Boston Foundation on  
 I'm at The Boston Foundation (75 Arlington Street, Providence Street, Boston) 
 Thank you! Very happy to be a part of such a vital organization! RT  Please to welcome our newest board member, 
 Jigga wha?  RT  propose lobbyists wear ID badges. House Dem likens that to Nazis tattooing Jews 
  hey BBQ queen - did you see today's  Half off at Red Bones: 
 RT  The problem with Bachmann is not her gaffes. It is that she systematically crafts lies that are attacks on her opponents.
 You must not read this regularly... RT  Dem Blog asks if  in trouble with MLB   
  RT  What was  baseball card missing? We're happy to fill in missing stats:  
 Love this - wish i had been there!! RT  Fantastic turnout  event! So inspiring and energizing!  
 Sorry to miss this! RT  Great  event. Nice to see    too! 
   agreed. Joyce wins that title a lot.
 RT    Joyce wins for witty tweet of the day.
  have you guys done a beta announcement yet? Would love to check this out.
  and what the heck - are you at a Bennett event?
   laughing aloud at this conversation. And Doug Bennett's candidac(ies).
 RT  Search on for missing JP woman 
 Outstanding post by  on  Scott Brown is NOT Barack Obama on Gay Marriage   
 HAH!  Can't she be both? RT  talking Michele Bachmann tonite  6pm. A "flake" or just rly bad at history?
 Norton, exit stage "get me the eff out of this"  
 Ruh roh ... dueling   Twitters:  
 That didn't take long: Michele Bachmann Accidentally Compares Herself To John Wayne Gacy   
 Jury convicts ex-Ill. Gov. Blagojevich at retrial 
 SO sick of Howie Carr's face. He's completely insufferable. 
 Susie's wedding reception! ( New England Aquarium w/ 2 others) [pic]: 
 Watching the  rolling rally replay on  & playoff highlights - I could watch this every day for the rest of my life. 
  citation? Where/when?
 RT  RT  Wait, is Howie Carr happy or mad right now? Is this like Shaughnessy and the Red Sox curse?
 Oct/Nov when the Sox win the World Series RT  date of next Herald with no Whitey-related mention/photo on cover?
 Second. RT  My  reading will be from the Boston Globe. The Boston Herald along with Howie Carr are trash coverage.
 RT  Whitey captured; Boston bad-news-dump alert level HIGH -- journos monitor email accordingly.
 RT  RT  I have this image of the Feds blasting "Tessie" as they led Whitey out in Santa Monica.
 I think you missed a part here - "continue to be" RT  Howie Carr is going to be insufferable for a long time.
 RT  I like how Bristol Palin has put her darkest secrets in a place her mom will never find. A book.
  I saw that - wow. Another product of Whitey's legacy.
 RT  I won't believe they really caught Whitey until Scott Brown tells me he's seen the secret FBI proof.   ...
 I'm completely stunned. I truly thought they'd never catch Whitey. 
 The  Foundation is now on Twitter:   
 RT  I created a Twitter list of all  speakers  & Google Reader bundle w all the live-bloggers http:/ ...
  yes! Though quality in the Millenial Research breakout is pretty good.
 I'm at Comcast Center (885 S. Main St., Mansfield) w/ 32 others 
 I just unlocked the "Sounds So Good" badge on  
 I'm at Jimmy Buffet Tailgate 2011 (Mansfield) w/ 18 others 
 Second - thanks Brad! RT   Thanks again for the  to  Looking forward to getting her involved!
  good call - I started to do w/ Google, but wanted to see what else might be out there more tailored to this. Thank you!
  great suggestion - I'll def check it out. Thank you!
 Anyone have suggestions for editorial calendar technology? Currently using Outlook and Excel. 
 RT   will be at Tia's Boston until approximately 6:30 tonight; head down if you want to see it in person  ...
  RT  The Stanley Cup is being wheeled down Commercial Street towards Faneuil Hall on  a hand cart right now!
 RT  The Stanley Cup is being wheeled down Commercial Street towards Faneuil Hall on  a hand cart right now!
 Zing! RT  Insiders- facebook has a new secret project. We'll hear about it soon - they're terrible at keeping things private.
 RT   parade set to start at Garden at 11am Saturday and end at Copley Square
 RT  Boston trends right now:  Stanley Cup Champions Dear Vancouver   Black & Yellow ...
 RT   PARADE is Saturday 11am 
 RT  I can't believe I missed the obvious line:  pulls out.
 In 5+ yrs as a Verizon customer, just ran into my second bad reception area. 1st was St. Croix. 2d is the Boston Federal Reserve. Not bad.
 RT  I'd like to grab Mitt Romney's ass.  And by ass I mean face.  And by grab I mean punch.
 RT  I think Canadians riot extra hard because they know if shit goes down, they have universal healthcare.
 LaWare forum hosted by the Boston Foundation. ( Federal Reserve Bank of Boston w/ 3 others) [pic]: 
 MT  B's "fan" Tweeted lame "nobody can like the Bruins but ME"-shit. Ew. 
  their hockey teams are dirty and their fans are worse than Philly sports nuts. Canada is lovely otherwise.
 RT  Vancouver Police should send Tim Thomas onto the streets to stop the  He's stopped everything that was thrown  ...
 RT  Hospital ER and Intensive Care declared a Code Orange Major for multiple admissions. Man with severe stabbing in neck admit ...
 RT  Dear Vancouver, thanks for making us look like angels.  With love, Philly
 RT  Hey Vancouver... act like you been there before! Oh wait... I guess you haven't. Carry on, then.
 Dad: "When Chara lifts that cup, that's the highest it's ever been off the ground. Ever." 
 Stupid French press conference. 
 Co-sign RT  Fuck You. You blamed Boston for pedophile priests. RT  Bruins looking strong-go black and gold! 
 Wow. RT  Breaking: Vancouver Fans Riot as Canucks Lose Stanley Cup [TWITPICS] - 
 I am totally astounded by what's happening in Vancouver right now. 
 He's old enough to drink in Canada. RT   
  we broke twitter. Vancouver, however, is actually burning down.
  fireworks in Braintree
 "We didn't lose to the British, and we weren't going to lose to British Columbia either." 
  no air on red line to Braintree - car 01506. A million degrees.
 RT  WTF? Local Transit Authority won't allow us to post this ad:     
 Tonight  is hosting a food & wine pairing event at Griffin Museum of Photography in Winchester  
  thank you!
  what is the name of the food market near Dudley Square with the great murals on the walls outside? I'm pulling a blank!
 Must be productive today. Must try to stay focused on something other than Bruins. Must leave office at 5pm.
 Like. RT  To keep  happy - GO BRUINS!!!!  
 Game Day!! Bruins!! Game Day!! Bruins!!
 RT  Dear Howie Carr: Saying that Rhonda Nyman only won because of sympathy and mocking her husband's death on your show is u ...
 This is the most offensive thing I've ever seen. Via  - Most Offensive Political Ad Ever 
     - via  good resource for out of towners 
 Testing shout! 
 Hah - how's THAT for a hashtag game!  = ___     ... i.e.,  loves candidate debates
 Somewhere between  and  RT  At what point does someone take  to hashtag rehab? 
   good Lord, there's a million. What kind of event? Organization? Group of friends? Booze/food?
  good Lord, there's a million. What kind of event? Organization? Group of friends? Booze/food?
  $1.00
 Thomas is legit like a brick wall in front of the net. 
 RT   20% of the time, Luongo saves it every time.
  the best part was NBC showing his quote slamming Thomas... As he was getting pulled. Luongo sucks.
 RT  Luongo: Italian-Canadian for road choke artist. 
 Hey Luongo - I guess playing close into the net isn't working for you after all. 
 Rene is amazing. 
 Sign the petition today - Silence Undocumented Rape Victims? Don’t Let  Get Away With It!  
    He. Is. On. Twitter.  - plus his wife, 
 Is Larry Kramer wearing a snuggie? 
  yes - until 10pm
    Ruh roh - looks like Davecat bought another rubber wife and is dealing with jealousy issues.
    "My Strange Addiction: Still Addicted?" on TLC right now!
  My Strange Addiction reunion show on right now!!!
 RT  Rain in New Hampshire. Better change my remarks for  wedding, so I don't say "as I look out on this mag ...
