 Don't lean in for a kiss after the Garlic and Onion Fest - that would be a no-no - THE LOOP  
 Watch the current Loop to find out who's rocking the Fox for FREE this   
 If you like everything French – and who doesn’t enjoy their kissing style – check out Le Petit Carnaval  
 You won’t have to cancel your Fri. night playing video games in mom's basement whilst drinking pop and eating Funions 
 RT  All new edition of D-Town:  featuring Arroyo Design, Telegram, The Book Stop, Preen &  ...
 "Do you like to look at bodies? Don't worry, it's not for creeps or anything." - Jeanie B.  
 Space Day, Summer on Stage  ZaBoomBa, Sacred Machine   
 RT  20 hours of music, dance, and entertainment ?! We're in! 25th Annual Folk Festival rocks downtown THIS weekend!  ...
 Do you have any community events that you'd like to promote during May on Cox 12 - Comcast 75? Tweet us  ! 
  We are glad you enjoyed the show!
  2 tickets r being held under your name at the Temple of Music and Art downtown pick them up at Will Call by 7:30 show at 8!
  Please follow us so I can send u a direct message with the info
  You've won two tickets to Second City Does Arizona for tomorrow night! Let us know if u can go and we'll put u on the list
 We are going to have an exciting TICKET GIVEAWAY on next week's episode! Stay tuned! ;)
 Rock N' Stroll, Patty Griffin  ,Save the Boobies, Women in Biz  
 Huge thank you 2 Elements in Balance Salon & Spa in  for providing services for DTOWN & The Loop! The salon is awesome! So relaxing!
 The City will accept applications for public housing for the elderly and disabled in the new MLK bldg. downtown April 6th! Info: 791-4742
  TMA Wine Fest, César Chávez March, Electronics Recycling, UMC Maternity Ward Tours 
  - The City Channel is now on Twitter! :)
 RT  Tucson epilepsy walk this weekend - 
 Tucson 12 - The City Channel's Facebook Fan page: 
 RT   New DTOWN! Corey and I visit The Lost Barrio, M.A.S.T., Beowulf Alley Theatre, & meet Tumbledown House!  htt ...
 The big 1-0-0! Packrat "mittens", Solar Rock  Brown Bag Concert, Rattlesnake Awareness 
 Beat Cancer Boot Camp Challenge, Community Garden Plots, ACTion for Animals, Live Music   
 RT  Shot the 98th episode of The Loop today! Wonder what we should do for the big 1-0-0! :)
  Thanks for the shout out AZFilmFest!  We'll be sure to promote the festival on The Loop when the date nears!
  Congrats! You've won 2 tickets to the AZ Renaissance Fest & VIP Parking! Send us a direct message with your mailing info! - JB
 Fiddler on the Roof  Summer Jobs at Parks and Rec., OSCAR NIGHT at The FOX! Watch THE LOOP for details! 
 Watch DTOWN! Yoga Oasis, Xoom Juice, Jimmy John's & A Steak in the Neighhorhood! Plus, Trevor Hall performs! 
 RT  It's official! Tucson lands $63 million in fed stim money for urban streetcar! 
 Are you in The Loop?  Watch to find out how to win tickets to the Arizona Renaissance Festival! :) Week of Feb. 15 - 21
 Check out THE UPSIDE! Bringing you good news stories that highlight our great city! 
 New show! Match Play, Green Your Business Wksp., Sr. Valentine's Day Tea, Walking with Dinos The Loop:  via 
 Do you have a local event that you would like to see on The Loop? Tweet us! :)
 Summer Job Openings, Pet Safety & First Aid Classes, 2010 Gem Show, Woo at the Zoo...  via 
 This weeks episode! :) Tucson 12 Programs - The Loop:  via 
 Legally Blonde  the TCC Jan. 19th - 24th! Broadway in Tucson donated free ITUNES gift cards to download 12 show tunes! Tweet us for one!
