 Hurry, someone buy something!  I'm stuck on sale  666!!  :-)  
 Last day to order for a while as I will be on vacation to southern California for ten days!! If you order now,... 
 Last day to order for a while as I will be on vacation to southern California for ten days!! If you order now,... 
 This cute honeybee handstamped necklace is only $12.80 with coupon code CIJSALE!!  
 Use  code CIJSALE to get 20% off anything in my   shop! Great time to get  gifts :) 
 Vacation bound on Saturday to  and an   to celebrate!!! 
 Sundrop Blossom  with cute rose cabochons - get 20% off with  CIJSALE 
 Amour  - simple vintage style antiqued brass with pearl dangle:  Get 20% off with  CIJSALE
 Christmas in July  20% off everything using  CIJSALE  Handstamped  is as low as $11! 
 Vacation! 
 HUGE 20% off Christmas in July sale going on now! Use coupon code CIJSALE on anything!  
   going on now - everything 20% off with  code CIJSALE! 
    are here -->  Some are as low as $14!   
 Finally... a new  post! 
 Surprise a  with this cute   
 Brand new Locket Necklace - love the patina on this pendant!  
 Vote for me on  - three votes away! 
 Vote for me on  and get 60% all   
 Want a  code?  Use TWEET15 to get 15% off your entire purchase!    
 Happy 4th! 
 Vote for me on   I have   that will be 60% off! 
 Vote for me on  to get 60% off   
 Follow my  and I'll follow you back!  Hope you had an awesome 4th: 
    - has birthstone crystals for all her kiddos! 
 Vote for me on Heartsy!    at  70% off!!
 Vote for me on Heartsy!  Handstamped  at great prices!
 Buy one get one 1/2 off BOGO sale going on now- happy 4th!!   
 Happy holiday weekend! BOGO  going on in my  shop - 
 Love an asymmetric design to your  These have gorgeous rose cabochons for   
 Everything is on a BOGO  this weekend! Buy one, get one 1/2 off:    are as low as $7.50!
 Having a huge BOGO sale this weekend!! That would make this necklace only $6.50 :)  Have a great holiday everyone!... 
 Gorgeous  Color Asymmetrical Rose  - cute design and color full of  BOGO  now... 
 BOGO  in my   shop.. buy 1 get 1 half off..lots of great priced   pieces! 
 BOGO  going on now in my  shop: 
 BOGO   - Buy 1, get 1 half off all weekend! This   would be $7.50 :) 
 Lights, Camera, Action! 
 Love pink? This    has a beautiful asymmetrical design with large rose cabochon --> 
 Field of Flowers Cabochon     great   
    - super cute mini camera! 
 Brand   - Chartreuse  Aymmetrical necklace; beautiful rose cabochon! 
 Pretty  Asymmetrical  with gorgeous large white rose: 
 Inexpensive   listed here!! --> 
    here... all in a beautiful asymmetrical design with large rose! 
 Need a  FAST? This  handstamped  ships in 1 business day! 
 Lovin' these   in gorgeous turquoise! 
 Going the the  anytime soon? 
 Adjustable Flower  in gorgeous seafoam - great   
 Handstamped  Wife  - great gift for those with loved ones overseas: 
 Cute whimsical Hot Air Balloon  -     
 Romantic Black Rose and Seafoam beaded asymmetric   - great for  
   with custom stamping just went on  $13.50 --> 
 I posted 32 photos on Facebook in the album "Necklaces" 
 Brand new necklace - check the listing for earrings that match too!  
 R u or do u know a  wife? This   would make a beautiful  
 Make a  statement! Black Rose and Seafoam   
  Name  - great for   - only $15! 
 Let  show off all her grandkids with this cute   
 Love neon colors? This hot pink rose  makes a great  
 Tuesday Treasury - Birdies 
   only $11?!  Are you kidding? 
 Love   I think they make great  
 15% off everything in my shop!    necklaces are as low as $11!
   Sets for those hard to buy for inlaws: 
 Looking for a    Look no further! They ship out in 1 business day: 
  -  15% off everything:   necklaces are as low as $11!
 Silver   for the  business: 
 Land of the Free  15% off for $11.56! Ships in 1 business day: 
 15% off  going on now to celebrate 1500  likers! 
 Little Mustard   - only $5.42 on  now! 
 I Need My   - great  for the  or waitress!  
   Wife  - can be stamped with Army Wife, Navy Wife - whatever fits you! 
 15% off  going on in my shop now!  Check my   section for custom pieces! 
 Sale is still going on but not much longer! Get 15% off anything in my shop... prices have been discounted so... 
 Pink Bridal Bouquet Ring 
 Everything reduced 15% in my shop -   in my avatar is $11.56!!
 Come like me at  and I'll return the favor!
 15% off everything in my shop!  That makes this   only $11.56! 
 Everything is 15% in my   shop! No  code needed: 
 Turquoise   only $11.56 on  now! 
 Land of the Free Necklace - only $11.56 now with my 15% off 
 O  Maple Leaf  - 15% off  in my shop today! These are only $8.67 
 Everything is 15% off now - including this    
 Brand new in my shop: Starfish Beach Rhinestone Earrings - great to wear on vacation! 
 15% off  going on in my   shop now to celebrate 1500 Facebook likers! No  code necessary: 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Handstamped Jewelry" 
 Summer Flowers and a SALE! 
 NEW  post on Summer Flowers and a SALE!  Don't miss it: 
 15% off sale going on now! Use coupon code 1500WKD; this necklace would only be $13.60!  
  going on now! 15% off using  code 1500WKD - 
 Use  code 1500WKD to get 15% off your purchase in my shop! 
 RT  Congrats to  - won the $15GC to  
 Celebrating 1500 likers with a  Use  code 1500WKD for 15% off your purchase!  
 LAST DAY - $15 Gift Card Giveaway 
 Sold and relisted: Handstamped Bride and Groom Name  customized with date: 
  Initial  = great for your  or sweetheart! 
 Songbird in a Tree  - on  only $9.50! 
 Land of the Free  - just in time for July 4th; ships in 1 business day:  
  lots of  
 Something    - cute adjustable antiqued ring with blue floral cabochon: 
 Need a    This handstamped  will be sent out in 1 business day! 
    - cute tags with childrens names on them and pearl in between: 
 Great   at great quality - I do custom   too! 
 Chartreuse   in asymetrical design - love this color! 
 Anyone doing a Christmas in July   I haven't before but I think I'm going to try it!
 Just sold and relisted this handstamped  leaf  - r u  
 4th of July  on  Ships in 1 business day so it'll get to you in time! 
 Last day to enter my $15 gift card  winners will be drawn tonight, 8 PM PST! 
  ends tonight at 8 PM PST.  Go here to find out how to enter - 
  Thx!!         
 Last chance to get   from DistinctlyIvy - ships in 1 business day! 
 Do you love stars? These  are for you! 
 LAST DAY to enter to  a $15 GC from my  shop! Go here -->   
  Petite Initial  - great to brag about your kids :) 
  Thanks!!        
 9 away from 1500 likers!!  We're definitely having a sale when we get there :)
 Handstamped  - great personalized     
 Need a  FAST?  I ship out in 1 business day! 
 Just sold and relisted - simple  hoop  great for casual everyday! 
 Need a last minute  shower  This is perfect -->  Custom made for the bride and groom
 Lovely   in lilac color: 
    - your clients will think it's so cute! Great  if you know a photographer: 
 RT  Now listing  from     & more   
 Cute    - great for   or  
 Use TWEET15  code to get 15% off your purchase in my  shop! 
 All   listed here:  Awesome personalized 
 Just put this cute  on  for $6! 
  Thx for the RT!
 Six summer  in my  shop - great  
 Love pastels? This  white   has an asymetrical design with gorgeous pearls: 
 Great     Inexpensive too...   
 Summer  listed here - don't miss 'em! 
 Cute USA  for the 4th! 
 Need a last minute   I can make this custom with a pearl if you'd like... has their date and names stamped! 
 Don't forget to enter the $15 GC  for my shop going on now - last day for entry is tomorrow!! 
 Giveaway for a $15 gift card to my shop ends Friday!! Don't forget to enter:  
 Tuesday Treasury - Years of Fashion 
  Thanks for the RT!
 Handstamped  for  - ships in 1 business day for a great last minute  
  sales, lots of sales!!   
 Chartreuse   - asymetrical design - great   
 Need a last minute   This handstamped custom  is perfect! 
 Ready for July 4th?  These  are!  :) 
   - makes a great   
 Flower  that are sweet and perfect for your bridesmaids!     
 New ring in my shop! I can make these in green, yellow, or pink.  Brides, contact me if you'd like multiples for... 
 Etsy Craft Party 
 RT  FOLLOWERS ARE THE BEST! 25% off in my Etsy Stationery Shop w/coupon code TWITTER25-Feel free to share it with your friends!
 Orange  Pom Pom  - super cute and trendy too! :)  
 Put your  name on it and make it a keepsake! 
 Ok, I LOVE chartreuse.  Didn't used to but I do now 
 RT  go go GO ---> RT  BLOG GIVEAWAY: $50 shop credit to Gussy Sews! Head on over to enter :) 
 Just listed these gorgeous soft turquoise   
  Thanks for the RT!
 Celebrate  4th with these cute USA  :   
 Know a  This   would make the perfect  (or treat for yourself :) ) 
  style   with cute coral flower cabochon: -->    
 Brand  Tropical Orange Tree  made with gorgeous orange cotton  
  sales, lots of summer sales!     
 July 4th is right around the corner and this Land of the Free  is perfect! 
 Handstamped    - ships in 1 business day... perfect last minute  
 Chartreuse Rose  - gorgeous asymmetrical design!    
 Ok, I'm learning to LOVE chartreuse!!    
 Read about our  team craft party this weekend!!  Anyone else get together with their team? 
 Brand new Black Tulle Rose Asymmetrical  - beautiful fabric rose and carved resin beads: 
 I love this pom pom  - the colors this  are just gorgeous! 
 Patriotic July 4th USA Earrings 
 Brand  necklace - I can make this in whatever color you'd like!!  
 Handstamped   with silver dragonfly charm - totally customized for your  or a great  
 Don't you love cameos??  I'm so glad they're in style - they're so sweet! 
 Become a  follower and enter a  for a   in my shop! 
    for every occasion!    
 R u a   Your clients would think this is so cute!! 
 Stars and Stripes  - cute silver charms; great for 4th of July; ships in 1 business day! 
  sets for those hard-to-find-gifts-for relatives :) 
 Pretty  white   - asymetrical design - super fashionable! 
 Honey Hive  in antiqued brass with gorgeous wire wrapped orange briolette 
 Pink Posy  - great   - ships out in 1 business day! 
   silver   - in the shape of a cute little book! 
 Last days to  a $15 gift card to my shop!    
 Spring  listed here!!!  -->       
 Sold and relisted: Land of the Free   - great for the 4th of July! Ships out in 1 business day: 
 Enter to  a $15 GC to my   shop! 
 RT  giving away 2 bags today! Winners choice. Just follow me & RT this to enter. Ends  5pm(cst) 6/20 www.kellymoorebag.com
 Handstamped   only $15 and ships out in 1 business day! 
 Sunny Yellow Sparkles  set - super cute  and  and  
 Just updated this cute   with a bright coral colored  
 This    is on      
 Need a  for a  Do you love your  
 R U ready for July 4th?  These USA  are a great     
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Necklaces" 
 I posted 11 photos on Facebook in the album "Necklaces" 
 Last week of the $15 GC  in my  shop! Go here and enter to  -->   
 Necklace Giveaway - from Poland! 
 Welcome to my new likers from the DistinctlyIvy necklace giveaway in Poland!
   for  sister or friend! 
 Trying to decide if I should add more tags to my descriptions... I don't like 'em that long but it's all about SEO!
 New  post on a  going on with my shop and a  in Poland!!  Enter to  
  Thanks for the RT!
  Thanks!!
 RT          
 Woohoo - check it out!  I have a  that's   :)  Enter to  a great  
 Fun   in bright colors! 
 Need a last minute        
   Use TWEET15 to get 15% off your purchase: 
 i love the flower cabochon on this   matches with anything! 
 Ready for the 4th??     
 Updating all my  tags - phew... takes forever!
    listed here -->  2nd item ships free to US!
 Want to  a $15 GC  to my shop?  Enter here!!  --> 
 Love   These little Japanese  are so dainty and pretty: 
 Cute whimsical  with lots of  sets! 
 Come see the new   I bought!!   
 Need a last minute    Here's a cute custom   with names and dates! 
 Brand NEW Honey Hive  - cute,  and unique! 
   for anyone  full of luck! 
 I'm 1 away from 600 sales - why does it always come to a halt right there??  c(: 
 Springtime is Here cute   with flower and   
 Last minute   here... customized with name and date; ships in 1 business day! 
 Ready for July 4th? Cute Land of the Free  -    
 Become a subscriber to my monthly  and find out first about  and discounts! 
 Need a last minute    I got it here... ships out in 1 business day: 
 Cute Honey Hive  - brand     
 Love small, petite earrings? These are for you! Vintage Japanese rose cabochons are sitting in beautiful silver... 
 Purchase: Running Shoes 
 Relax Treasury 
 Etsy is so quiet today!
 Sunshine on My Face   - great for  
 Ornately Elegant Lilac  style  :    Comes  wrapped!
 Stacked   would make a great  or treat for yourself. ;-D  
 Need a last minute   I ship in 1 business day! 
 RT  Earth baby....  Super cute diaper bag!!
 Follow me on  and I'll follow back! 
   with name engraved and cute flower cabochon - you pick the color! 
 Don't forget to enter my  here!!!  My shop's full of fun things that $15 would buy :)
 Want a   I got one just for you... TWEET15 for 15% off your purchase in my shop! 
 Visit my  and find out how to enter a  
 I need my   It's about that time in the workday :)  Great  
 I wonder how many  teams you should be a part of.  I'm a part of 3 now... too many?  1 hardly does anything and another is a trade team
 Busy Little Honeybee  - cute silver charm and bright orange bead - great for summer! 
 Do you love   I think it's such a  color... 
 A couple of  items listed here! 
 A couple of  listed here! 
 Do you   I'd love to follow you!  
 Ready for July 4th?        
 I love 
   - simple cute charm, perfect for a       
 NEW  post on my newest purchase - running shoes! Check them out - you'll love the tread!  
 Use  code TWEET15 to get 15% off anything in my shop! 
 Pretty  large white rose  - 
 Little Silver    - opens for a cute  to hold pictures of loved ones: 
 Great little No Bake Chocolate Fudge Cookie  posted on my  Perfect for those afternoon cravings: 
 Check out Groupon's daily deal - huge discounts on the coolest stuff in your city... 
 Celebrate  Day with this red maple leaf  
 Last minute   ships in 1 business day! 
 Wanta   :)  I'm giving away a $15 GC here through Princess Mom 3's blog!  
 Last minute   ships in one business day! 
 Last minute   ships in one business day! 
 Just renewed this cute   - great for the barista or server! 
 Need  for your  These cute flower rings are just the thing.  Contact me for multiples! 
 Wanta   :)  I'm giving away a $15 GC here through Princess Mom 3's blog!  
    are a great   - for the new mommy or the experienced one! 
 See all kinds of   (inexpensive  sets too!) at 
 Romantic Rose Flower  - great  or party accessory! 
 Just a little longer to enter a  for a $15 GC to my   shop!! Go here: -->   
 NEW in my shop - cute little birdie earrings! 
 NEW in my shop - cute little birdie earrings! 
 NEW in my shop - cute little birdie earrings! 
 Do you like the new  of asymetrical design with a large rose to one side? 
 Want me to host a  for you on my   Contact me! 
 Love  This   is sure to be your favorite :) 
    - custom made for your family! 
 New  post on learning to RELAX :) 
 I so need to RELAX!!! - new   
 Need a  These sets are so cute and come gift wrapped too! 
 Do you like PINK?  :) 
 Sunshine on My Face asymetrical design with large mustard colored rose - trendy and cute! 
 Need a last minute   This  is only $16! 
 Stacked    - great for a mom! 
 Sweet   - great  accessory for bridesmaids! 
  Custom Name  - great   Ships in 1 business day! 
 Know a  This   is so cute... 
 Celebrate  Day with this cute red maple leaf  
  Style Silver Locket  - cute design with pink flower on top: 
 Sweet Little Pink Birdie  with antiqued brass findings: 
  Thanks for the RT!
 I Need My    Great  for the barista or coffee addict :)
 Visit this  for a chance to win a $15 GC in my   shop!  
 3 away from 600 sales!! To celebrate, use TWEET15 and get 15% off your purchase! 
 Need a personalized  These   are custom made and inexpensive too! 
 Romantic Rose  - cute   
 NEW O   - red maple leaf pendant; great for July 1st! 
 NEW  post with a  included for No-Bake Chocolate Fudge Cookies.  Yumm!! 
 Perfect for the  - these beautiful rings are a great  
 Fabulous   sets for birthdays or anniversaries... 
 Like me on Facebook and I'll like you back! 
 Handstamped  in my  shop - great   I have stacked necklaces, flower necklaces, and dragonflies 
 
 Enter a  for a $15 GC in my   shop! 
    listed here -->   Pieces cost between $15-$20
 Brand NEW Stacked Family Name necklace!  
 Brand NEW Stacked Family Name necklace!   
 Need a  for a  able  maxi dress? This one's perfect and so trendy: 
  going on now... entries will not be taken much long! You could win a $15 GC! 
 Need a last minute  for a   Today's probably the last safe day to order to receive in time! 
 NEW  post... I have some  sets in my shop now :) 
 NEW in my shop - a section of   Sets!   and  that match... great for birthday: 
 I posted 12 photos on Facebook in the album "Necklaces" 
 And finally... Passionately Pink Rose  - asymetric design with matching earrings in hot pink - a must have! 
 I'm starting to incorporate  sets in my  shop.  Here are a couple I have...
 Pink Magnolia  and matching    Great 
 Love yellow? Sunny Yellow Sparkles  and matching    Great for the  teenager!
 Have you entered our $15 GC  yet?  
 Handstamped  name  - just sold and relisted - personalized for your  
 Looking for a personal wedding gift? This handstamped necklace is just the thing :)  
 Sunshine on My Face  - beautiful mustard yellow beads with large rose; cute and trendy! 
 R U ready for July 4th?  Cute USA  here --> 
 Follow my  here  and I'll follow you back!
   here -->   Ships in 1 business day - perfect for a last minute 
 Follow me on Facebook and find out about a  going on now! 
 RT  Created with Love by bombshellbettiesvint  via 
 Japanese Blue Rose  -  cabochons on cute silver leverbacks: 
 Bold   at great prices from DistinctlyIvy on  
 NEW  with a gorgeous large white rose cabochon and beaded pink pearls  - simply lovely and full of fashion too! 
 New  post on Summer   don't miss it! 
 Need matching   This is perfect and can easily be created in multiples    
 Brand  Summer  necklace - dark purple rose and bright turquoise beads - brilliant combo! 
 Brand  Ocean Waves Asymmetrical  - great summer  piece! 
 Love bold fashion??  This summer necklace is perfect! 
 NEW Blue Japanese Rose  - petite, sweet, and so cute! 
 Just went on  - $3.50 for this leather bracelet!! 
 Brand     - handstamped necklace with bride & grooms name and date! 
 Follow my  and I'll follow you back! 
 Would you like to be the first to hear about new products and of course special sales, just for subscribers?? Sign... 
 $15 gift card is being given away here -->  Don't miss your chance!!    
 I posted 7 photos on Facebook in the album "Earrings" 
 I need your opinion... do you like to  
   listed here -->    Some are as low as $15!
 I'm Proud to Be An American!  Get your July 4th on with these cute little things: 
 Follow my  at  and find out about a  for a $15 GC going on now!
 DistinctlyIvy News and Discounts - 
 I Need My   - great for your favorite barista! 
 Visit my  at  to find out about a  going on now!
 I'm setting up a newsletter on MailChimp.  Has anyone ever used it?
 Awww... love this one! Very bright and cheery! 
 I love my new  account... didn't know what it was all about at first but now I love it! 
 I need your opinion on something... there's  details here too! 
 Want some simple  for a great price... like $4?  Try these! 
 Just sold and relisted:    - I can customize with any name or names you'd like: 
 Become a  follower and enter my  going on now! 
 Fun, fanciful, whimsical  by DistinctlyIvy on   Use TWEET15 to get 15% off your purchase
  Thanks for the RT!!
 Brand  carved bone flower beaded  - organic, natural, unique!   
 Be the first to comment here and get a great prize!! 
 Happy Thursday!
 Give Me  
 You could almost have your purchase by  I shop out in 1 business day - 
 RT  New   today, with  
  Hoop  - great for casual everyday wear; only $6! 
 Need a    These cute little rings are so cute! I can make them in multiples - just ask! 
  sales, lots of springtime sales!!  See them here --> 
 Just sold and relisted this cute    
 New   featuring our favorite -  
  Welcome!  I just joined too!  :)
   listed here: -->  Some are as low as $15, customized for your 
 Fun, Fashionable  at !
 Woohoo - it's here!  I've been dreaming of this necklace for so long and now it's in my shop :)  Thank you, Etsy... 
 Oh baby, what a   Jewelry  listed right here --> 
 I Need My   - coffee cup charm and coffee bean bead - super cute for the coffee addict! 
   necklaces listed here:    Some are as low as $15!
 NEW Listing - I Need My   :) I'm definitely making one for myself --> 
 RT  ALICE in Wonderland DRINK ME tile photo Pendant  via  Please RT, thanks
  is hosting a  for me!! Enter here:  $15 GC to my shop... deadline is June 24th!
  awww thanks!!  :)
 NEW "I Need My Coffee"  - great  for the barista or  addict! 
 Just renewed in my shop -  Look Secret Garden   
 Just Listed:   childrens name  only $16!! 
  Girl in Teal  - sweet little bows with blue beads... super cute! 
 My entire collection of   listed here --> 
 NEW  post discussing "A Fern Dances With Sunshine" 
 RT  Sassy zebra stripe beach tote 
 Had a great Tuesday! Good day at work and got to visit with my sister and niece and nephew tonight :)
   listed here:  All are between $15 and $20!!
 I've posted details on a $15 GC  on my  
 Brilliantly Blue   - casual, pretty, perfect for everyday! 
 Love a  look to your   These turquoise wire wrapped stone beads are casual and gorgeous! 
 Beach   - beaded with beautiful turquoise pearls and starfish charms - cute for a day at the beach! 
 Sweet little  childrens names  great for a   :) 
 Just relisted...  Teal  - cute antiqued brass charms with bright glass beads 
  necklaces as low as $15, listed here!! 
    - let her show of all her grandkids! I can add as many birthstone crystals as you need 
 Beautiful yellow Sunshine on My Face  - asymmetrical design with large flower cabochon - simply gorgeous! 
 RT  New! Vintage Flower Seed Packets by InaMaeVintage  via 
 Bright Mustard Colored    antiqued bronze chain - super cute    
 Great  for the   I can make it with regular silver chain too if you like at no extra charge! 
 Field of Flowers Bib  with beautiful  flowers in all different springtime colors! 
  Style   - beautiful silver pendant with blue flowers; great for   
 Need some   These beautiful flower rings would make great   contact for multiples 
 I just think this   Pendant  is gorgeous!  Beautiful layered flower on black linen cord: 
  sales, lots and lots of sales listed here!!  --> 
 Just sold and relisted! Land of the Free  - great for  
