 Did anybody hear Presiden'ts Obama speech last night ?
 Oh those poor jets
 Hell have no fury ...
 Doesn anyone remember this song ?
 "If I have seen further it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants."
 Tiger Woods is in Sexual Rehab.  Hopefully he'll get himself back together and return to Golf.
 Al Pacino is such a great actor.  Love this scene Check this video out -- Al Pacino's Inspirational Speech 
 What an upset in Massachusetts. It just shows you that in anything in life, you can't take anything for granted.
 Lunch time. Does anyone remember eating peanut butter & jelly sandwiches as a kid.
 Does anyone watch "The Biggest Loser". I am always amazed by how much weight these people can lose with the right guidance.
 Did anyne see Oprah's show yesterday. It was about the dangers of Texting and Driving.
 Golden Globes should be exciting tonight
 This stuff between Jay Leno and Conan is really heating up.
 What day it was for football today
 I have cable, but I was wondering if Satellite is better.
 I wonder if Sarah Palin will run for President in 2012.   Should be very interesting if she does.
 Law & Order are such great shows.  Probably my favorite Law & Order series is Law & Order SVU
 Checking out: 
 I haven't had a candy bar in so long.  Milky way is probably my old time favorite.
 I have always like the quote from T. Harv Eker "How you do anything is how you do everything."
 I wonder how the Retail stores did this Holiday season.  Hopefully they had a profitable Holiday season.
 I heard today, January 2nd is the busy day for people to go to gyms.  People are going because of their New Year's Resolution.
 I just saw a new show on CBS called "I get that a lot".  They have a celebrities pretend to be regular people in places like stores.
 I have been reading up on the Sedona Method.  It's very interesting.
 Does anyone remember the "Fresh Prince of Bel-aire.   I loved Carlton and his famous "Carlton Dance"
 Holidays are over now.  I will officially be returning to my diet on Monday.
 This is one of my favorites from 2009 -- Sound of Music | Central Station Antwerp (Belgium) 
  Huffpost - The Dumbest Quotes Of The 2000s
 Tonight, I am writing my goals for 2010.   2010 is my year !!!!!!
 Saturday's are usually the time that I set aside for stuff that I didn't have time to do all week.
 I have asthma and I've been considering moving to Arizona.  I wonder how well I would adjust to Arizona.
 Co writer of the Chicken Soup books is Jack Canfield.  He also wrote an excellent book called the Success principles.
 Anyone read "Chicken Soup For The Soul".  Some of the most inspirational stories are in there.
 I liked the movie "Hair Spray".  It's a shame that they don't make movie versions of Broadway Musicals as often as they use to make them.
 Probably my favorite type of food is Italian.
 If I do go to Las Vegas, I will stay at the Bellagio.  Beautiful Hotel
 I love Las Vegas.  I especially like to go to Magic shows.   I might go there next year
 Has anyone taken the H1N1 Virus ? It will be a cold winter.  I've taken it and I have no problems with it.
 Does anyone remember having to type a report on a typewritter.  How did we function
 Is anyone old enough to have gone to their High School reunion.  My 25th is coming up in a few years.
 Did anyone else have to read "Of Mice and Men" in High School.  Great Book and it became a Great Movie.
 I usually don't watch Saturday Night Live, but ever since they had Tina Fey with her impression of Sarah Palin, I have started watching it.
 Before we know it, the 2012 Summer Olympics in London will be here.  I would really love to attend.
 Kodak Gallery, Shutterfly and Snapfish what a great way to share pictures.   Facebook is becoming a more popular way to share pictures.
 "Seinfeld" was such a great show.  I don't think they'll be another show quite like it on Network TV.
 College kids don't know how lucky they have it with simpicity of registering with computers
 Remember what a nightmare it use to be to register for classes for college.  We had to wait online to go table to table to register
 Going to comedy clubs has lost its popularity do to the popularity of Comedy Central.
 I wonder if the Yankees will win the World Series next year.
 I wonder if Satellite radio will survive.
 Security people at the Airports can be quite annoying, but I guess we have to remember that it's for everyone's protection in the long run
 I haven't traveled outside the U.S. in over 10 years.  My next vacation I am going to go to Greece
 Does anyone remember the show "The Honeymooners".   They were timeless classics.
 Is anyone a fan of the Donald Trump's "Apprentice".   The 3rd "Celebrity Apprentice" should be coming out in the Spring of 2010
 Rod Serling was an absolute genious.
 I've been watching a lot of Twilight Zone rerunsbecause of the marathon that they are having on Syfy.   Anyone remember that show ?
 Anyone watching the Sugar ?  It should be a good game
 2010 is here and I'm Psyched
 Just think another decade coming up
 Haven't had a chance to see the movie Avatar.  Did anyone see it ?
 Has anyone made any New Year's Resolutions and does any one plan to keep them ?
 Is it just cold here in New York.  Or is it freezing where you are also ?
 Are there are a lot of people who went off their diets this Holiday ?  I cheated a little, but have been good consideing my temptation.
 I recently started working out using Taebo.  Does anyone remember the commercials with Billy Blanks years ago ?
