  Heyy Now lol
 RT  I hope this semester goes by fast
  awww that's so good cuzzo, i need to get like you
 lauryn hill startn to look like oprah
  omg its like dat wit me too!
 RT   me too girl, my house is only enjoyable when im there for a short break..after the second week everyone an ...
  yea they might, im so excited for school :)
 RT  that is so cute “ Dat woulda got me guhh ”
  yea i think ima move in on the 28th too
   followback :D
 man i need to tweet more on a daily basis lol
  is full of themself for that last tweet
 RT   basic ass bxtches.
  awww thanks my dear. yess see ya, do you kno what day you moving back in?
 RT  RT   big azz head <  
  u over every social network lol
 RT   Yay 8)
 RT   I miss you 2!!!! =D
  damn thats not good
 RT  My sleeping pattern TOO fuckedd up !
  i know, it made me laugh tho.. :D
 i miss my girl 
  ohhh lmao you guys are too funny, i sure do miss yall!
  lmao really
 soooo its august, my bday is next month
  lmao oh damn, u missn out its good!
 Lil head went to sleep :(
 damn im bored now
  CTFU wat u kno bout dat kara lolz!
 McDonalds is now nasty to me, with the exception of their fries.. frappe be good sometimes
  what taco bell b bomb on the regular lol i always get da chicken Chalupa
  nooo dont delete it!
 RT  Nothing is promised
 blah
  that video was so touching i was like omg!
 chillin
 its not on da calendar
 so is UMES not havn welcome back week?
 We jus had a heated convo.
 Man oh man..
 Umes need to let me kno wen i need to get back to school,the earlier the better!
 RT  Dey Got Like 5 Pics Of Me On Google Smh
 RT  I'm ready to go back to school, I love the college scene :)
 RT  Has anyone ever used a female condom?
 RT  My kind of weather comin n bout 2 3 months
 Jus spoke to my bro for like a hr,bout to eat now
 RT  Going to church dont make u a Christian 
  got u
 Since they woke me up i can't sleep anymore, my eyes are red n they burn
 I refuse to end up like them, i have a attitude like tejan,thats y we so close.
 This by far has been the worst summer for me, Thank God im still alive tho.
 My mom never speaks her mind to them,smh
 Blown.
 I need to unlink my facebook n twitter cuz my sister b twatching my tweets n shit
 When yall had the opportunities yall aint go for it, smdh. This is just sad.
 Thats why yhey goin thru what they goin thru.
 Not going to stop going to school untill i get my degree,i believe i'm the only child that cares bout my folks money makn use.
 Where is tejan when i need him
 Im not gon have no ride,
 N this semester,once i leave im not stepping foot back into this house till november,
 Man,i've had enough,so ready to go bac to UMES.
 Urggg
  up early
 RT  Family Matters My Shit
 Im up now thnx to my momz
 Wtf really
 I been home since like 1somethn,my mother swears i just got home,n i was fake sleep
 Pissed
  where is it at?
  plankin is out,owling is on now lol
 RT  I do it *Big Sean voice
 Had a good time.
  i was whoppin ur ass,i let you win
 Goin home now, :D
 Did not plan for this to happen
 Yea i guess im bout to go home,
 He's sick :(
 RT  I need more canvas shoes..
 Chilling, with my mom and dad :D
  is it who i think ot is,the one i warned yu bout
  wassup wit u.
 Chris brown n kelly Rowland pose to be coming tho,ima def go when i find da date!
 Soo jayz n kanye comin to dc Sept.29 on a thursday the day b4 my bday,yea i wont b going i got class friday morning
 RT  The hate on Diggy is really outrageous, let the young boy live!
  moochie!
  damn,was they Africans?
 RT  Jarren Is Awake ^__^!! :)
  ugggg!
 RT  I never sleep on time
 hot, bout force myself to sleep! dueces ctfu
  okay Delgado..n u r
  stfu rico,i dnt got a bed time,u better take ur ass to sleep before ur peeps come get u lol
  im not tryna play victim mr. rico
  im not, u dnt care bout me, you stop clling me n txtn me:(
  ctfu, u stop bangin wit me first! lol
  yess, its givin me somthin to do since dominique fell asleep on me lol
 
  smh dis is ratchedness!
  look boo 
  um wtf dis dude on crack lls
 wonder what im wearing tomorrw, or should i say today!
 RT  WIDE AWAKE
 RT  I still can't go to sleep.
  im late but ok im bout to do it lol
  they too funny man
  my lil sis 
 RT  I give great advice , I want to have a talk show
 Words with friends ppl?
  need to freakin continue our words with friends game!
 Gona take my tracks out soon
 RT  Parents make you buy everything when they know you have money
 Jus had a bagel n drank some tea.
 RT  If you don't know me don't say shid about me.
  im not gona b home tomorrw sis,we can do sunday tho
 I hated it on myspace n facebook dont bother me as much on twitter
 Ppl b promoting like shit.
 Chilln like shyt
 RT  Ghetto word of the day:"Cologne" I asked my homie if he cologne me a few dollars...
 My brother be tweetin some true shit
 RT  TRUST is the key word in every relationship...show me one without it
 RT  Dont let the ppl on the side determine ur relationship...in the end they jus want u for themselves 
  soo tru Brother!
  yay!
 RT  I won't be appearing or performing at The Lab in Brooklyn on August 5th...This is not an official event. Please RT!!!
 chilln on my bed
 hello!
 RT  I hate Suite Life On Deck ! Not funny
 Ppl stay puttn dey business on twitter now
 Ladies,if you cut ur hair tryna go natural then add color to ur fro,you are No Longer Natural!
 RT  I don't get females y cut ur hair then regret cutting it n try n grow it back
 Still blown i gave my sis my mytouch to use then she gave it to some random person, 
 But baby got me my phone in december so it need to last for atleast a yr!
 I want the new T-Mobile Side Kick!
 Im bout to play Angry Birds Rio, its way better than the regular one
 Dang
 Im bored!
 RT  Androids can do a whole lot BUT their biggest downfall is battery life & that shidd is a BLOWER!!!
 RT   for Laurel and Greenbelt mall
  how is Amir cutie self wafaa!?!
 Att first reginae did not look like toya but now she growin up n lookn jus like her
 RT  What is the meaning of family ? Because these days family even betray you ! That's some messed up stuff !! 
  aww i remember jelly sandals! N the overalls too
  fake as shit
 RT  Death is so sad :(
  thanx
 My bestfriend fell asleep on me :/ im bored now
 Wish i couldve traveled this summer, i think After college my summers are going to be good,cause ima have it up!
 RT  Orange soda was like crack to Kel.
 RT  RT  Sun drop commercial .. Everytime it comes on I have the urge to drop it like it's hot.
 RT  How you goin call someone a football head and than hide in a corner with a picture of him and sayin how much you love him ...
  so much for my phone call after washing ur ass! Smh -_- dnt call now
 RT  Your relationship with God is more important than anything because you know for sure that's a relationship that WILL l ...
 Saturday is gona b on n poppin ctfu 
 RT  The Eagles have released FB Leonard Weaver and four other players. Weaver's contract was terminated after he failed a ...
 RT  Damn shawty fall back
 RT  I'm tired of baby boy
 I love my ipod, my headphones make it better! Thanks to my boo!
 RT  i am ready for school to start.
  ok devil,
  u da witch. Fly on ur broom.
  yess she is
  i dont need ur diseased love,n u cant tlk about him.
 Ima start doin dat shit
 I been too nice,when females call my brother phone n idk them i normally curse dem out or simply hang up lls
  sooo, he is my brother double twwww nah u back side
 RT  I really be on some Loner shyt lately... Alot of things are irrelevant to me these days
  stfu my brother is my business,
 RT  Kill I Can't Stand Homewreckers 
 RT  Just for an education , the things i go through smh
  leave him alone
 My head hurts,i need some sleep
  heyyyy Poochie! Lol
 Just went for a early morning walk with my grandma
  girl thats nothing new to me,Family is famous for doing that!!
  thNks,why are you upset?
  morning! Lol
 Thank You God for waking me today
 Cant wait for this day to go by..n tomorrw then saturday lol
 Good Morning
 So some of yall dnt sleep
  Dijah-Salone
  sooo,what are they like promoters or somethn
 RT   goals are to smoke, fuck, smoke, fuck and sell weed to 14 year olds.
 RT   " Download my Mixtape at * ( insert link here ) . "
 RT   Groupons (500 Maggi cube for 500 Naira)
  wats ur name  on it
 RT  Trey songz rap better then chris brown lol"<< Naw i don't think so
 All i see is you
 RT  SOME  Boys Are On The Next step To UNKS
  lmao damn..
 August is like next week
 full
  ohhh lls my bad, yall funny...!
 RT  If yur bio has  dis  Dat . Ur Corny ..  seriously
  or its jus u n leslie
  ctfu
  lls wait its u, leslie, n amber??
 jus had spme cookies lls
 damn
 somebody need to tweet for me, i be lazy ctfu
 My bestfriend  got everybody tweetn for him lol
  what now im confused??
 i wana do something, should i go for it??
 listening to dat Maybach music
  lls i see!
  i kno i was returnin ur call wen i woke up
 waiting for my ipod to charge
  i calld u bitch!
  the same
 Have no social life,smh
 RT  B R O W N N D A R K S K I N N E D F E M A L E S A R E B E A U T I F U L
  chipotle is much better in taste but its basically the same thing
 I need a car 
 RT  Damn my ass is leavin in a month.
 Sooo i went to Qdoba yesterday, it was iight i guess
 Smh
 So she need an intervention ASAP
 One missed call. Damn
 I need to go to sleep,have to wake my boo up for work soon
 Just another non factor
 Wow,people really do grow apart.
  i cant sleep lol
 Talkn to my love now, 
  lls i kno,
  lol yes you can, but i loved the skins for a min, they turned me down lls
 RT  My love will drive you crazyyyy
  somewhat lls more of an eagles fan.
 Love...
  it had burned down,so they say
  thats def the boys..
  lls i remember bryne manor
 Lil head on my mind!
 socks and sandals, lls i b singing that shit thanks to my nieces
  i use to think kell from keenan & kel was cute lol
 watching teen neick tonight
 chillll
  that use to b my movie
 blahhhh
 family guy is not funny to me
 RT  Stewie is gay on the low
 my bestfriend gotta twitter now 
 RT  If only chipotle delivered...
 RT  Cus Im Bringin Back , . Sock With Sandals , . WHAT WHAT WHAT , . . Socks With Sandals Llss
 Soo tired,jus woke up.
 RT  What was in  cup? Some Good Stuff!
  yess you need to girl,ASAP!
 I know what we should do this saturday
 He probably bored at work
 Thinkn bout Lil head..<3 
 How rude of me. good morning Followers
 Im bored
 hungry!
  i kno
 Wale's   via  yessss!
 RT   if i hate you. there's a reason.
 not every female can color in their eyebrows, i juss seen a horrible pic on fb
  
 RT  Official Video   WonderWoman produced by   Click here->  RT
 RT  Mixtape coming August 5th  "BoY in DeTention"
 urg!
 RT   you support  forreal 
 RT  Dear 90's kids, Teen Nick is bringing our 90's shows back tonight at midnight! Be sure to turn your TVs on and watch!
 RT  RT if your excited about TEEN NICK bringing back all the 90's show tonight at midnight! (ALL THAT, KENAN & KEL ETC...)
 im bored, somebody needs to come keep me company
 chilln
 RT  “  this girl has on ur dress i think,or somethn close to it, scroll down lol ”<- haha ...
  this girl has on ur dress i think,or somethn close to it, scroll down lol 
 RT  Fuck 
  heyyyy now! no one be like you!
  you watch african movies lol
  what do you do with them?
 RT   do you see the judges and lawyers wearing white wigs in court.
 RT  I swear 16 and pregnant is the dumb shit on tv yet gurls watch it. Dats sad smh
 RT   Is it normal to see a scene like this ()
 RT   will you see lightning coming out of the sky and striking a villain dead.
   what, ain't no curfew,you come in n out wateva time u want..
  okay lil tay lolz
  what? Why
 Bout to play Angry Birds. Rio to be exact lol
  mornin Jaz
  ctfu ewwww
 RT  Can't let no pussy come before my baby
 <<<<<New twitcon me n lil head of course.
 I hope these three years go by quick.
 I kno lil head tired as shit at work! Mybaby:(
  followback
  really boo lol
 Laying on my bed,bout to start off my day by cleaning
 Good Morning people!
 Thank you God for waking me today
 My twitter app dumb
 So i meed a new twitter app
 Lookin at my TL n i got some young ppl tlkn bout  everythng they say is like recent
 RT   We Was In Teams Nd Shyt
 RT  Disney had some cool shows until they made up new ones where every fucking actor can magically sing and dance.
  lmao! Ok
 So friday night my niece got a beed stuck in her ear lls went to the hpspital to get it out
 I need to call my bitch,Adora lol:D
 My boyfriend is my bestfriend! :D
  lol too late,she is
 RT  I wonder y  take pix while poking they lips out.. That shit ain't cute... Look like " real bait " forreal Gold ...
 RT  God is GOOD
  by who lol,i jus calld u call me asap bitch lol
 I need a new door
 I think thats soo rude
 Hate when im sleep n ppl come touch my stuff!
  babysitting
  waaaazzzzzzaaaaapppp lls
 But yet the nicest u will ever kno
 Sometimes lol
 I am really rude
 Ctfu got some nerve txtn me.
  i meant i need to go back
 N my mom still nt home.. Can August come any quicker,i need to ho bac to school
 So im upset..
 Been in this house all week! Only went out yesterday,to go to the hospital
 RT  That one person You see EVERYWHERE at  But don't know their name. lmao smh
 I feel like a mommy today lol
 Bout to wake naimah up,feed her change her then roll out,need some fresh air!
 Just woke,not feeling good,maybe i miss my boo to much,
  i calld.u
  lolz yea im mean. I dnt b caring lls
 Went to the hospital, my niece put a beed in her ear n it got stuck,boy was i mad i jus had to laugh
 Havent slept yet,baby gon b mad cuz  dnt:-) think ina go to the cookout i needa sleep
  lol not in my eyes de wife all man see nah "non muthfuckn factor" lls.i dnt kno about anybody lol
 Planking on my bed
  continues to spell maury wrong
  damn:(
  what kind of confrence
  morris chesnut is yummy lol! BET played that movie out playin it all yr long lol
  lol im sayin now weh norto u wan nah de boo.i geh for gee u de scoop say there are more boo's,so u get mate dem lol
 Is it gona b super hot tomorrw?
 You never kno what me n baby doin next,lol
  lls well u kno.say i geh for ge u de scoop lol
  Naimah comin over today
 Just got off the phone wit tejan
  lls dan deh nah all man eh boo lmao
 My grandma likes takers
 I wanna watch Stomp the yard!
 RT  Everyone isnt meant to be your friend. So why force a friendship?
 Somebody b twatchn my tweets frm facebook
 I was too mad the ova day,females runnin dey mouth bout Tejan
 I need a new door,i have no privacy in my room
 If i was 13 n 14 dressed how they was my mova will kill me lls
 I went to DCstar in december n it was 14 yr olds in line,they mova droppd dem off like it was school or somethn
 It amazes me,ppl still b in gogo. 18n ova is never really 18 n ova
  they doin that
  damn i feel dumb so u ws late for work?
 He tweetin now, FOLLOW my boo  
 So my boyfriend dnt neva tweet lol
  its cool
  no my brotha still get e juicee, plz marriage not anytime soon,
  lol i jus kno say e fine,u nor see way deh woman dem de fight for am lls. Me mama eh pikin dem all fine lol
 Thanks God for waking me up, i woke up earlier than i had anticipated but im grateful
 N its bout to get hot as shit!
 My sister cooking,the AC is off cuz shs got the door open n window up. That means more flies comin in!
 Its too hot
  hey my brother has one,he is far frm ugly lol
 RT   you are never too old for beatings and/or slaps
 Im mad at Tejan
  im sad.
   lol no   is the best wit da faces!
 Like bahamas,brazil,spain,london,Africa n the basics like florida,cali,canada! Ugh def gotta work hard
 When i start my own family we will go on trips every summer,we gon  b out dere lol
 My family never go on family trips
 I soo wish i could've gone somewhere nice this summer.
 RT  s/o to my lil ahk  follow my man
  bitch!
  miss yuuu!
 He knows how to make me smile.
  y wat?
  follow back!
 i really dnt like Amber Rose
 RT  RT  Thank GOD Da NFL LOCKOUT IS DONE! <--life wouldn't be the same without football
 i feel like its been a month
 i miss him
 chillin wit baby on saturday. can't wait!
 jus  unfollowed like 3 ppl that unfollowed me ctfu
 did you kno that bow wow was wearing a wig in johnson family vacation. google it if you in dis belief lol
 RT  If you say Trina is a better rapper than Lil Kim, You SMACKED out your mind.
 RT  NIGERIANS CAN'T COOK BETTER THAN SIERRA LEONEANS! LOL ; )
  last tweet
  following
 now follpwing 
 Hungry!
  lol
  u should move
  this neighbor is an asshole
 Been sleep since like 2,me nd the kids
 Just woke up
 Bored
  Thanks <3
 RT  RT   BARBER'S REVENGE....THAT ISH IS SOOO DAMN FUNNY LMAO!!! 
 Cant believe ppl still watch that!
 '---'
 Was watchn Takers but my sis wana watch bold &beautiful.
 If u in summer school n ride pgcps bus i kno u mad as shot cuz the buses have no air conditioner
 Now Following  FollowBack
 Ppl expect me to come meet them
 Dont chill with ppl only lil head n teetee,
