   HE'S MINE NOW!!! ... well until thursday when you get here - cwap i need to get to bed
 RT  Just met  and Duncan Rocks at Comic Con, and unlike Adam West, they didn't try charging me for a photo op 
  you can do better than this!!!
 We're coming out with a new hidden camera show... shot our first episode today... any name suggestions?
 Technicolor's Cinestyle just made me crap my pants.  finally loaded it on my camera & turned it into a completely different machine.
  in west Hollywood perhaps?
  marina del Rey, near Santa monica
 Anyone in LA have a lav mic I could borrow for a few hours today?  Gotta shoot some hidden cam stuff... Let me know, thanks!
  final cut pro ONLY if you're rocking v.7 ... final cut x is terrible
 stuck it out and finished The Fighter... yeah it's good - def picks up in the end.  
 Watching The Fighter... 35 minutes in, kinda wanna turn it off... Finish it or scrap it?
 man man MANNNN... back in LA.  Never thought raging with noobtrons would be so fun.  Comic Con wasssss DOPE!
 Mortal Kombat Finale... AWESOME!   
  gaslamp
 If you have AppleTV, go to YouTube... Looka 'dat!   
  oh jeez!  i guess not!  just checked it on my phone... yahh!  happy face!  haha
  i don't know what your last tweet was!  there was just a box!
  box?  :0
 Comic Con generates 70-100 million dollars for local businesses throughout the weekend... Thatssss crazy
  yup!  Let's try and meet up tonight
  yes, I'm just out of town and didn't have time to do it yet :0
  thanks mang
  thanks e-money
  thanks man!  See ya in a few days?
  thanks! :)
  I'm sending you an invoice...
 We're on the front page of YouTube today... never thought I'd see the day... thank you guys for getting us there!  
 DUDETRONS!  NEW Duncan Rocks at Comic Con!  Go check it out!  RT Plweez!  
  WOO!!!  Video came out AWESOME!  : )
  we posted it to machinima... Sorry about that.  If you follow me on twitter, you'll never miss an ep :)
 NEW DUNCAN ROCKS AT COMIC CON!!!!  
  party!! :)
 View from the 'telly  
  oh wait hold up!  2 videos in the last 2 weeks and a new one going up tomorrow!  Watch the vlogsworth for an update!  :0
  oh yeah!  Thanks man!
 Out and about with that dunka-roo  
  yup!  Were hear for a while!  :)
  on gas light right now
  ah thanks friend!!
  haven't seen him yet!
 At comic con with the dunker... Anyone else here??
  DM me with your number!
  I gotta get on that
  SNAP!  thanks homie!  : )
 RT  LOL  is crazy... go watch his Duncan Rocks on  
 RT  A good friend of ours,  gave Charlie a shoutout today on his YouTube channel. Check it out! 
 Going to Comic Con tonight!  NEW VLOGSWORTH VIDEO HURR!  
  better because of the flipout LCD, cheap SD cards.
  SMOOCHIES
 NEW DUNCAN ROCKS YO!  
  45 min wait?  BLAH!  and YES to Hibachi when you guys get in town!  stoked!  : )
  
  love it, get it
  French vanilla.. Yea!
 Coffee bean charges you 50 cents for a squirt of vanilla... Jerks
  haha
 Canon 60D has a new firmware update out... but it's not really worth updating unless you use a wireless flash
 LIFE DISSAPOINTMENT   Forgetting you had leftover Hibachi in your fridge...
  purchase? No... Torrent? Yeah one of these days :0
  great question
 Apple coming out with LION OS tomorrow... should be nice
 mega fun shoot with  &  today... woo!!!
 RT  Just finished filming a music video with  and  Can't wait to edit :D
   what, MacBook air or soccer? :0
  i would give anything in the world to play...
  you can't?!
 Apple is going to be updating Macbook Airs on weds... Thunderbolt, good Ram & Big harddrives...  GETTINNNN ONEEEEEE!!!
 405 is open yo! 
 this guys got life on lock 
 jetblue is offering 4 dollar flights from long beach to burbank this weekend incase you need to get around the traffic... haha
 CAMERA KIDS! Anyone hack the GH-2 yet? looks interesting!
  on netflix?
 finishing the Prison Break series tonight... kinda sad there's no more... IMO, the series is up there with Lost, Dexter, etc.
 New Duncan in case you missed the internet yesterday 
  haha thanks man
  thanks duder!
 just broke 35k subbers... woo!  thanks ya'll-tubers!!!  
 Writing allllll friggin' day... I feel like I'm in school
  :0
 ps.  it's DUNCAN NEW ROCKS  
  sweet!  thanks man!
 frontpage on machinima... and who do you see?!  OH NO!!!  
  dude, you're pretty awesome... come on the Duncan Rocks show sometime!  we'll fly you out to LA!
 NOBODY CAN CROSS IT!   
  yeah well, they're jackasses to begin with if they have a black berry
 According to a new survey, 34% of iPhone users are under the mistaken impression that they already have "4G" on their devices... 
  who do i talk to about licensing your music for a film?  thanks!  <3
  haha nice!
 We've been quiet on the Duncan Rocks front lately. We're working w/ Machinima right now & have weekly episodes planned starting this week
  YUP!!!
  hah thanks my man
 my face is better than your face ... 
  Interesting!  Thanks!
  thanks dawg!
  why?
 anyone out there using single serve coffee makers?  what brand, and where are you getting your k-cups from?
 Ultimate Frisbee today in Santa Monica at 3pm !   if anyone wants to join, Hit me up for details!
  yeah, its solid for slomo and for water stuff, but it's terrible in low light and really compressed
  still rocking fcp 7 for it
 Magically 18 again...   
  thanks D-Morg!
  hah word!  When you coming out next?  Vidcon?
  ha thanks man... Yeah - you're not the first one to say that!
  oh yeah!
 RT  Part 3 of QA series is up. Watch it!  If you missed ep  RT Please
 I just uploaded a video I directed for Pierce The Veil... Love those dudes - check the vid here!  
 If you guys want to see how I write music video treatments, here is how you do it:  
 2 Episodes of  in one week!  AW SNAP!  ENJOY!  
 New  episode out in like 30 minutes...
  thanks for the shouts!  it's 2011 and they can't upload the audio correctly... GREAT!
  
  hah that's pretty funny... although my stitches cost $4,000
 RT  NEW Sex Viking Episode   oh my god I'm on the Internet. Please RT spread the knowledge.
 RT  New video courtesy of  perfectly hilarious as always. Check iiiiit.  :)
 NEW Sex Viking Episode!  YES!  
  yeah they did... Same deal with tongue piercings
 Tracked a lot of sand and salt water into the bed last night... Smells like America
 Happy America to all, and to all a Happy America!
  cwap!  Where to this time?!
 RT  Was drinking at  the other day with my  on and some chick I didn't know recognized me. Need to upgrad ...
 Walked into starbucks... Girl was legit sleeping  
  you know it!! :)
 PICKLE SURPRISE!!!!
  nnnnnope, not yet. gonna ride out the FCP-7 train and see where it takes me!  most likely will be on it for AT LEAST another year
  Premiere took a lot of elements from FCP so in theory, it's just a windows version of FCP... but it works for mac too!
  like 50% of something... I prefer premiere over AVID, but if your on FCP 7, keep on that for as long as possible.
  questions will be answered soon... continue to rock FCP 7... they'll be some kind of come back i'm sure
  oh fo' sho!
  totally agree!  hah i was making a jokey-joke
 Adobe & Avid are now offering big time discounts to switch from FCP... I don't see why they don't just team up and take over the Pro market
  oh lucky lucky!  bring me back some "nnnnneighbor"  :0
  dunkin donuts?!  WHERE?!
  hah no doubt!  I appreciate you having a voice on the matter! Keep 'er going!
 just finished watching BIG FAN... good movie!  on netfilx instant so watch 'dat nut!
  hahah YUP!
  Community = meh... Parks n' Rec = AWESOMEEEEEE
  how dare you
 RT  so far I completely agree with Dan Dobi. I've been an Apple fan for a while. My support is fading after Final Cut Pro  ...
  fo sho!
  hey ron!  something you might be interested in to post on your blog?  
 If ya'll are late to the game, here's my FINAL CUT PRO X Review:  
  oh snap!  thanks for checking out the vid my friend!  and thanks for supporting fcp 7!!!
  really?  i can drag proxies in and play them back just fine?  doh!  thanks homie!
  your guys vids are awesome so if it's working, keep it going!  but imagine if there was an update that made it unusable :0
  Vegas was never an option for me, I literally started FCP in high school & continued with it ever since!  I hear good things tho!
  thanks duders!  : )
 My thoughts on the new FINAL CUT PRO X  
 My Final Cut Pro X review will be out shortly... it's more of an assault rather than a review, but I'll let you be the judge...
  hah crap, I thought they just started it... Did it disable the app?
  best of luck!!!
  good man
  it's TERRIBLE
 Apple is now allowing REFUNDS on Final Cut X ... it's going to be a shit storm from here on out people
  new ringtone right there
  no idea my friend :0
  hah, slept like a champion last night!
  
  yes... Huge mistakes were made
 So if you guys are on the fence with downloading the new Final Cut Pro, I strongly advise against it... Stick with v.7 it's WORLDS better
  yes yes, thanks for spreading the good word
 YouTube people!  don't do scheduled uploads... I just talked to someone at YouTube and this is what they said:  
  YO!  are you doing scheduled uploads?  Cause I just got an answer from YouTube 
 Going camping up in Santa Barbra for the weekend!  If bears attack, I'll show 'em my beard!  
  yeah man!  lets do it!  as long as you bring the bean!  :0
 Once again, another awesome video from   
 NEW DUNCAN ROCKS!  With   !!!   
  hahah : )
 ah man... the icon for the new episode is pretty friggin' bad ass  
 NEW  EPISODE... BEFORE MIDNIGHT... STAY UP N' SHUT UP... minus the shut up... I love you <3
 nooberts that missed Ep 7 of  ...  
  haha for sure!
   all good!  stoked that you're so close now!!
  FO SHO!
  keep on truckin!
     looka' dat shit!  copy and paste in the latest update of safari on macs isn't working JUST with twitter :/
  it's worth crying over man... the one program that i use to make a living is now just... a toy.  it's terrible :/
 New Final Cut Sucks, Twitter is broken w/ no Copy & Paste, & YouTube just added a shitty looking interface... WHAT THE FUCK INTERNET?!
  yes as a matter of fact, i did!
 mmk, so on Mac computers in Safari, the Copy and Paste thing is an issue, however in FireFox, it's totally fine... hmmm
  no - haven't seen that yet...
 I can't thank this mother trucker enough, but THANK YOU  FOR PUTTING DR IN YOUR VIDEO TODAY!!!  
  THANKS for FCP X!  : )
  crazy pants...
  okay!  Good to know I'm not alone!  :0
     YEAHHHH!!  WHAT THE 'HALL!
 kind of dumb question... is anyone having problems copying and pasting within twitter, or is my computer just retarded...
 New Link for  Episode... The old one we took down 'cause YouTube likes to break... 
  Hey! I'm having a problem with my YouTube channel.  NONE of my subscribers are seeing my video on their homepage. Can you help?
  make more videos!
 anyone out there know why some YouTube videos won't publish to subscribers??
 My  sub box is broken... friggin sucks... here's new Sex Viking 
  come to LA and come on the Duncan Rocks show already!  :0
 ah!  pretty good!  
  please come over and bring mortal kombat 3... DO IT NOW!!!
  hah crap, that's an awesome cover... as if i haven't heard the song enough as it is, haha
  hah yeah good call
  i knowww... me kinda wants too but i'm gonna sit on it... ALSO!  lemme shoot your next music video thingybabooper... kay?
 man, this whole FCP X thing is freaking me out... I've not heard ONE positive thing about it yet... cwap
 ALRIGHT!  She's up!  NEW  EPISODE!  WOO!   
  lez do it!
  eh not yet... just wait on it - something will happen
  one day my friend!
  haven't tried it yet but it doesn't look good for our heroes :/
 New  Episode within the hour... going to try and release 3 this week :0
  haha thanks yo!
  OH YOU BETTER BELIEVE IT!!!
  nice!  it wasn't cause of them that i subbed, but that's awesome to know!
  keeps me warm during these cold summer months!
  i'm camping this weekend!!!
  for sure yo!
 my beard is runnin' shit right now  
  I see... EVERYTHING : )
  hah thanks for hanging!! :)
 YO!  I'm LIVE on  right ANOWWAH!  Go watch!  Join the Party and ask questions and such!  
   motha fuckin' MONSTA!!  that's awesome... he deserves it!
 Ah!  Best Mix ever made folks!  
 Gonna be on HubarTV Live tonight at 7pm (PST) for an hour, talking shit, here's the link  stay tuned!
 RT  Today on the show we have director  Check out his channel so you have questions to ask him on skype  ...
  sure!  if you have a car and can get down there!  yeah?  email me
 Any good Doc Camera guys in New Jersey? Might have some consistent work for you. hit me up at dandobi w/ contact info & such
  you guys have to do something about the 30 second ads on EVERY ONE of your videos... it's a little too much :/
 played Duke Nukem for 10 minutes and had to turn it off and walk away... game sucks... right?
  ah, afraid I don't know of anyone going :/  sorwee!
  looking for editors all the time!  you heading out to LA anytime soon?
 gotta clean my garage, car, shower, dog... ehhhhh, maybe after a nap
 He figured out what pillows do...  
  ah shit!  wish i was there!  i love SD!  good to know you live down there... will be visiting hopefully shortly!
 DUNCAN ROCKS DELETED SCENES:  
 For the first time ever, we're putting up some  DELETED SCENES!  Uploading now!  Link to follow shortly : )
 My living room is now the board room  
    STOP IT!  YOU'RE RUINING THE MAGIC!!!
  what's your channel young lady?  : )
 New  episode soon... Gonna be a good one  
 33k Subscribers!  Nioce!  Gettin' there!  Thanks for the support/subs everyone!  
 Construction at 2:15AM... you gotta be kidding me?!?
  hah thanks man!
  thanks for the RT pro bros !!
 just posted my first chore to  ... anyone else use this?  Seems pretty awesome!
 last time i'll post this, but if you haven't seen the New Duncan Rocks, please check it out and RT!  
  WOOOO!!!  Thanks for the Duncan Rocks love my friend!
  hah there ya go
   I follow people that Tweet Duncan!! :)
 incase you were sleeping this morning... new DR!!  BOOM!  
  D-MONEY!  you see the New DR?!  
 yeah yeah, pay your quarterlies people...
  Hey DJ and Sabrina!  We just put out a NEW DR!  check it out when ya can!  
  Muzza!  New DR!  Figured I'd let you know cause the SUB BOX is broken :/  
 NEW DUNCAN ROCKS Episode!  Gay Pride Parade!  
 Uploading NEW  ... gonna be a good one!
 VLOGSWORTH update!  Go check it!  
 if all goes as planned, we'll have a new  episode out TODAY KIDS!!!
 Who do i know in Chicago?
  hah you're welcome!  : )
 Shooting with  today at the gay pride parade... Yup, get jealous, stay jealous
 whoa whoa whoa!  movies are 13 bucks now?!  when did this happen?
  haha!  best icon ever!  i thought it was him at first
  Hey!  We weren't able to get tickets!  Think you could sneak me and the  in?  plweeeeeze?  : )
  i personally like the smell of when the floors are just swiffered!
  hahah - you know it!
  I CAN'T, THIS IS A PRIME LENS!!!
 another appearance in a wheezy waiter video!  :0  
  looks good man!  i would suggest trying to keepin' them under 2:30 for a little bit, but yeah!  i like it!
 YO!   Mini Clip!  
 YOU JUST GOT BELLY PHONED!   MINI Episode with  YEAH!!! 
  ah thanks duder!
  I almost spilled my drink when I saw your new icon... Amazing
  you're too kind my friend, thanks!!!
 RT  yo youtuberz: if you aren't watching  now you are going to feel left out when he hits the top 100
   take that flight and join the party!
 YO!   leaves LA tomorrow!  we're going out in Venice!  who's rollin with the beards?!
  for sure dude!  Had a great time !
  aw thanks!  You're too kind :)
    OH YEAH!!
  Good meeting you too homie!  Check out my stuff at www.dandobi.com when ya can !
  WOO!  I had a great time!  Thanks for having me :)
  is that legal in America now?
   hah thanks!
  I'm aware!  Trying to figure something out to shoot with that involves this topic !!
  
  hah!  I live in Marina Del Rey!  I'm in town forever! And yes, I would play myself if need be :0
  haha - there ya go!  : )
  kids a noobtron!
  who's mitch?
 YO!  My brother  just released his new line of T-Shirts... Go check 'em out!  sexy n' shit!  
  let's hang!  i'm in Marina Del Rey
  this is a great idea!
  "you... DO know who I am, don't you?"  *dramatically takes off headphones*
 i make a guest appearance in the new wheezy waiter video... go check it  
  hah!  you know it!
 the  is making a video in my house... i feel so honored
 why isn't this kid robbing banks?  
  I can't get out there tonight!  Later this week?
  where's your warehouse ?!
 Who's in LA that wants to party with the  and myself right now?
  TARGET BROS!!!
 If you look close enough, this lady is actually buying THREE Tyler Perry movies... I'm not kidding  
  seems like it just completely changed the format... The flow is super weird :/
 Finally played the new Mortal Kombat... Man, they kinda raped the cat with that noise.  Disappointing :/
 Ah my delicious left overs... I'll say it again...NOTHING better  
  my favs for sure!
  YEAH?!  Let's do it!!!
  not true
  hah excellent!
 There is no better meal in this universe than corned beef and cabbage.
  yeahhh bruhh
  DUDE!  YES!  Thanks so much!  That's so rad!  I've been meaning to post a still of it to our fb wall!
  this is true...
  let's party
  let's hang out already
 I need a MacBook Pro that will run at Mac Pro speeds...
 previously... on balloon hunter 
  what's the story with the eye patch situation?
  haha thanks man!
  CLAY COOK!  good hangs in Mexico!  gimme some of your music already!  ps. hope your foot is better!
  my friend!  any word on that fs100?  : )
 MY GOODNESS!  Brand New  is now up!!  RT please!!  
 What's a good current Jam for EPIC MULLET GUY to cover?
 Post office is for retards... This line is an hour long  
  no such thing as a quick answer... Email me dandobi
 No ones really working today... Right?
 video we recently did with  ... pretty funny!  
 screen grab from an upcoming video i recently directed:  
  hah - there ya go!  good meeting you today dude!
  ha awesome!  :)
  hah!  Of course it's my real name!  Duhh! Hah... Hopefully we'll meet up soon to shoot more interviews and such
 RT  Check out the new prank call I animated for  
  HAY!  good meeting you last week!  had a blast!  : )
   oh SNAP... as in SNAP CRACKLE N' POP!
  ah thanks!  glad you're diggin Duncan Rocks!  : )
 RT  my brother  animated a prank call i made from two years ago 
 HAPPY MONDAY!  Enjoy the BRAND NEW STAR SIX SEVEN prank call!  
  crazy
 Working on a Sunday... Such a crime
  oh snap!  Demolition man n'shit?
 The poop chambers in Mexico are vasty different from what I'm used to... Hmm  
 RIP Macho Man... Friggin' sucks man :/
   I heard, Rogo told me... Sad day :/
 Just got challenged from the waiters at this resort to a game of 4 on 4 soccer... Get ready to get embarrassed by el americano blanco!
  nah, caracas... I guess not a lot of people know about it?  Seal and the Govenator have houses here I heard
 Dinner in Mexico with legends  and  ... COME ON!
  I stayed away from water but had several drinks with ice... Yup, got deathly ill for a minute
 So here's the pool, and that's the ocean that sits about 300 feet below us  
  pockets of Internet... Will upload new *67 when I get back!
 Place in Mexico where we're staying is built for champions  
 RT  Watch and pass the new DR around 
  hah oh yeah?
  business yo
  g2 or gh2?
   what's the question at hand?
  thanks!
  oh for sho my friend... Videos gonna be solid!
  in there right now!
 MEXICO!  See ya noobs!
 start to finish, 19 hour shoot day today... passing out, k byeeeee!
 RT  YOUTUBERS!!  WE'RE BACK!!!  PROM SPECIAL!!! 
     good shit today fellas... smooches!
 i don't know what this is, but I love this photo:  
  interesting marketing strategy, but I think you should go a route with a little less "spamage" to it :)
 LEMON BOOZE!!!  
  NIOCE!  glad you liked it!
  hah thanks man
 DUNCAN ROCKS RETURNS!!! PROM EDITION!!! 
 Sorry on the delay of the new  ... WILL be out later today!
  awesome thanks. a lot of the stuff i've been seeing has been from vloggers/bloggers and not actual filmmakers ya know?  : )
  Hey there!Dan Robb sent me over to see if you guys would let me test out the FS100 possibly? reel = 
  do you edit?  I'd keep the mouse ... I had both and now am just using an old school three button wired mouse.
  New Record is fucking KILLER!  Let's do a video!
 Leftover Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles is the best thing ever
  there ya go!  Keep it rockin!
 I love when I get SHITTY customer service & the next day get a web survey about the quality of the call... SOMEONES GETTIN' FIRED!
   AHAHA!  excellent!  glad you caught it!
  heard - might call ya about this shortly
 what's the best (piano) keyboard for mac/garageband... anyone?
  ha!  I saw it a few days ago!  I think I thanked you in tr comments!  Here's my thank you on twitter... THANKS BRAH!
 This new Mortal Kombat Legacy web series is seriously some next level shit... if you haven't seen it, go start watching it NOW
  yeah!
 Little overcast today... What's going on California?!  It's the weekend!!
  thanks ... Can't get back to my Mac to work ... I have MobileMe and everything :/
 What's the best free App to control your Mac via iPhone?
  NOPE, NOT HIM!! (wink!)
 lol flavored fuit the the foots!  
 LOVE this cover of "Rolling in the Deep" by   
  movie is terrible... i recently watched it... unreal how bad it is
  nah ya can't!  :0  funny video tho!  keep it up!
  ARH!  get the pre-ads off!  gross!  :0
  thanks P-LOL!
  okay, that'd be awesome!  how do we go about this!  :0
  blog = written ... vlog = video
  hey man!  any dice with that fs100?  :0
  you can follow first pal!
 hey - who do i know on here that does blogs n' such?  not video stuff... just blogs.
  nah I don't play it, my brother does and I guess he's pretty legit... He's a funny bitch
 WOWWWW DirectTV ... who is QC'ing your stuff!  
  sounds like a good plan!
  SARAH!  watch this, you'll love it!  
  You guys have to check out this Osama Sketch 
  achievement unlocked
  hah thanks!  :)
 In case ya'll took a break from the internet yesterday, go watch our new sketch!  
 So!  My BRAND NEW show will be out in the morning... I'm pretty excited about it.  Stay tuned!
  hey dude!  can you e-mail me at dandobi - I'm interested in possibly buying your twitter account!
 puppy vs. green monster 
  nioce
  ha there ya go
  yeah big time!
 DUDES!  Still looking for a name for our hidden camera show!  helps!
 The iPhone game "nuts!" is pretty cool.. Yet to see something like it.  Kinda makes you dizzy though
 new Duncan Rocks tomorrow!  we have guys from THE LEAGUE on this ep... woo!
  YO! we're gonna use that clip of you in the new Duncan Rocks ep... you cool with that?  hit me at dandobi to talk
 If you're in the DSLR market, I wouldn't wait for the 5D mark 3.  Sources say the EARLIEST it will be out will be Feb 2012
