 This just out: Q2 Stats on Social Login and Social Sharing Trends via  Lots of trendline graphs to tell the s... 
 How To Drive ROI from Facebook - new white paper from  on leveraging FB and your site. 
 I get that marketing is an art and a science, but financials too? Groupon's Accounting Lingo Gets Scrutiny 
 Troubled by zombies in your database? Learn how to fortify your site ! Webinar Wed- 7/27, 10am PT  
 Finally it feels like summer! 85 and sunny on the road to L Tahoe. Not missing 
 MadMen in the 70's RT  Silly, but funny:  Jumps The Shark' Imagines 10th Season:  cc: 
 Great news to share! Dr Pepper Snapple Group Selects Janrain Capture  to Power Campaigns Across Multiple Brands  
 56% of consumers have clicked thru to a retailers website due to FB post and more fun facts (infographic) 
 Yes, one more on the new kid, but do read: Google+, Digital Sneetches and Getting Real Value From A New Tool  via 
 Lego's brilliant free magazine and what it does for the brand: Content Marketing Like Lego® Does It:  via 
 Looking for ideas on how to use social? The ROI of Social Media: 10 Case Studies  via 
   Crema off SE 28th and Burnside.
 On-site actions still drive majority of purchase behavior - it's not an F-Commerce world yet. Read latest at eMarketer 
 The role of niche networks. FB can't compete. Slate piece on knitting social network Ravelry 
 Curious about Social Data? Demystifying the Social Database: A Tech Perspective on User Data Management (via Talk NYC): 
 Proving it's never too early to market to young crafters: Martha Stewart Launches Animated Web Series  
 The End of Demographics: How Marketers Are Going Deeper With Personal Data  via  
 If you didn't catch it this AM, good story from American Public Media on new Google+. Listen here: 
 Great new white paper from  7 Ways to Leverage Social Commerce on Your Site 
 Groupon Cedes Share of Daily Deals to LivingSocial, Yipit Says - BusinessWeek  via 
 The shape of true disruption: Square Closes That $100 Million Round, Mary Meeker Joins Board  via 
 RT  The science of surviving the zombie apocalypse   webinar coming soon on how to protect your data
 Long Live the Ad Agency - Just need to keep up with tech/digital/innovation (via DIGIDAY:DAILY) 
 Facebook And Social Media Marketing - Technorati Business 
 Key Distinctions Among CPG E-shoppers: Study 
 What did we do before these things were invented? 10 Beautiful Social Media Infographics  via  
 If you've ever gone through a logo exercise...Great logos layer meaning into the design.  via 
 Great research from  partner  Social Networking: It's not just for Facebook anymore  via 
 RT  Secrets of Social Media Revealed 50 Years Ago 
 Another good analysis of pros &cons of  the Groupon model -Socially-Driven Deals: 3 Ways They Help and 3 Ways They Hurt 
 Should marketers worry about a Facebook slowdown?  via 
 My answer on Quora to: Which sites are currently using Janrain Engage for social sharing? 
 interesting spin on how people are using social networks:LinkedIn Viewed As Most Valuable Social Network   
 The next ecommercetrend? P&G Tries Facebook Commerce Again With New Platform, Talks to Walmart About Joining
 Video: Groupon Was “The Single Worst Decision I Have Ever Made As A Business Owner”  via 
 Infographic: the new startup ecosystem 
 RT  Nick Schulz American Enterprise Institute reviews "Great Again" in Wall Street Journal Keeping Competitive  http:/ ...
  thanks for the feedback, and yep, those reg forms can be a problem.
 4 ways social has changed success metrics. My new post on  iMediaConnection.com -  
 LOL - worth a read and a watch. We've all been there. Computer Says No! 
 Check out the marketing spend - $6/offer. WOW. Groupon's IPO by the Numbers [STATS]  via  
 RT  Janrain's CEO talks metrics, social strategy, social solutions &  his top three tips:  (via 
 SEO + Social Media + Blogging: When Will Big Business Catch Up? | ClickZ 
 Good tips in here for the b2b marketer RT  Reporting Content Marketing ROI to the C-Level 
 Don't miss  11:30 Zombie User Apocalypse session today. **Beware** Imagery may not be for the faint of heart 
 'tis the season of graduation speeches - Amy Poehler at Harvard keeps it real  
 RT  Janrain Offers Digital and Social Media Strategy Services 
 Poll: What does the LinkedIn IPO signify? 
 Just ordered my friend David Kline's newest book - Great Again: Revitalizing America's Entrepreneurial Leadership.  
 Portland social networking companies stand to benefit from LinkedIn fervor |  OregonLive.com 
 RT  CDC warns people to prepare for zombie apocalypse - chicagotribune.com 
 Ota11 is great, but wondering where all the women tech execs are in OR.  Seriously. Not a single woman on stage from a tech company.
 Congratulations to elemental tech ota11 good to be in such fine company w/ Jama s/w too,
 10 seconds to 
 “ I am going to quote Charlie Sheen.  is  at the 
 RT  I am going to quote Charlie Sheen.  is  at the 
   is having a good time and looking forward to the awards. Fingers crossed.
 In a car full of janrainers on our way to the or tech awards!
 LinkedIn passes Tiffany, Hyatt, Hertz: How LinkedIn's $8.9 Billion Valuation Compares to Other Companies  via 
 LinkedIn's Road to IPO [INFOGRAPHIC]  via  
 RT  Content is totally queen! I have evidence:  See?  
 The Worst Startup in the World [VIDEO]  via  
 4 Reasons Your Web Site Sits at the Heart of Your Social Strategy - great post by   
 Our newest white paper written by  and sharing this via Janrain Engage sharing tool: The Future of Marketi... 
 RT  Hey, marketers! Got social data? Find out why you need it in my latest white paper for  
 Worth a read: Why Facebook Needs Sheryl Sandberg - BusinessWeek  via 
   yes, made it back after an hour on the tarmac. Great to meet you & let me know if you read Poser.
 YES! Or I picked up something on the plane. RT  Anyone else having a  hangover?
 At o'hare heading home from great  conf (thank you)- just saw a branded  united plane roll by - who knew?!
 thank you  for the thoughtful presentation on how the brand is engaging with consumers via social and the yummy snack break! 
 Why Do Affluent Consumers Connect with Brands on Social Networks? - eMarketer  via 
 Engagement is measured by the takeaway value. Meaningful engagement is now a market differentiator – it steers experiences.  
 People are the  5th P in marketing. Brands need to connect to the hearts & minds of the social consumer .  great start w/ brian solis
 How consumers manage data and marketers access it - thoughts on where we are headed via DIGIDAY:DAILY - Dyson on Data 
 RT  Facilitating the Foursquare factor:  partners with  to offer game mechanics 
 Amen. RT  Why brands need to build deeper engagement beyond facebook “likes” 
 The next stage of group buying? Cereal shipped to you: General Mills Offers Groupon Deal in Two Cities  via
 They aren't mailing CDs, but ...History Repeats - Facebook is the new AOL + good discussion in the comments  via 
 think about oppty to share along every point in the customer lifecycle   Digital breadcrumbs will be our shared path
   says  stop linking away from your site to the social networks - keep users on your site; aggregate on your site
 and we are off and running with  and  webinar with  and 
 Looking forward to an awesome webinar -Secrets to Engagement w/     [4/19, 10am PDT]
 Last day to sign up: Add Social to Your Site FREE Webinar this Tues with    
 Janrain: Facebook Has Eclipsed Google As Most Popular Sign-In Choice  via 
 From a music blog, but food for thought for all industries tks  The Dangers Of Facebook Over-Attachment... 
 Need ideas on how to integrate social on your site? Join    for free webinar    Register Now!
 kudos to  customer  best in class for social shopping per   read more 
 If you are tracking the daily deals space, good read: In Race With Groupon, LivingSocial Raises $400 Million - 
 RT  REGISTER: Upcoming Webinar with me: Integrating Social Into Your Website  with  and 
 24 cos public in '99 w/ valuation of $71B; 5 companies today w/ same pre IPO total $ value. Investing Like It's 1999 
 Must read for anyone who is in the digital distrib of entertainment - what film can learn from music:  via 
 Thanks for the  shout-out. B2B Social Media Lead Generation Explained Brian Solis  via 
 Social marketing budgets may be rising, but not all Fortune 100 CMOs are equally social. Infographic   via 
 Good post from  that reminds us to look to the internet of '99 as we consider what The Next Big Thing is... 
 People who sign in w/a social login spend more on site. Don't believe it? Join our webinar 3/17 for survey results 
 Sound advice for any SaaS marketers: Beware! SaaS Marketing Hazards Ahead | OpenView Labs  via 
 Probably not so angry any more...WSJ.com - Angry Birds Maker Raises $42 Million 
 Crazy Infographic (one can never have enough) on Facebook and how folks spend their time on it: 
 75% consumers give false info when signing into a site; 66% would prefer social login. Research Webinar 3/17. Register: 
 The Retail Store of the Future - TheStreet  via 
 Take a listen RT  30 years after defining “college rock,” R.E.M. has a new album, Collapse Into Now    
 RT  Insights On SaaS From The $32 million HubSpot Mega-VC Round 
  shows you the most typical face on the planet, for the next 20 years at least- Yahoo! News 
 Salesforce Debuts A More Social Service Cloud 3 With Chatter, Facebook And Twitter Integrations  via 
 RT  10 Ways Retailers Can Embrace Digital & Social, Takeaways From  2011    
 Good advice for PDX based start-ups: 8 Tips For Building An Internet Company Outside of San Francisco 
 Interesting project - watch the video and think about contributing $. Kickstarter - The Future of Facebook Project: 
 Report: Brands Pursue the Social Consumer Brian Solis  via 
 video catalog instead of print - brilliant.  
 are group buying sites breeding a customer who isn't brand loyal? Challenge for brands to build engagement  with users via  
 ah, pets.com reference at  i- mportant to keep everything in perspective and be objective via 
 Social media has made it easier to change faster  - speeds up the pace of innovation. 6 month testing cycles don't work via Buysight  
 RT   good advice from threadless.com "find the word of mouth engine in your business and make the most of it"
 look at your most frequent customer service questions and create videos to answer & then send  link.   via  
  prompts consumers to upload pics to FB right after printing in store. Good example of integrating on-line and off-line 
  preso at  now Michael Weston just nailed the point that sites ask for info from consumers w/o any thanks- nice roleplay
 Benefit Cosmetics is on the front line of making the most of social to engage with their consumers - great preso at 
 Exciting news from  customer Savings.com mashes every daily deal onto one site | VentureBeat 
 The human mind is hard wired to recognize a face - profile pics on the social networks gets your attention via Valerie from Benefit 
 how to bring the romance of the store online? if you can't prove ROI,  you tend to be conservative   at  AM panel 
 Social Sign-In Favored Over Traditional Web Registration : MarketingProfs  via 
 RT  Sarah Palin Has Secret ‘Lou Sarah’ Facebook Account To Praise Other Sarah Palin Faceb.. 
 off to the races at  good am w/   and  bostonproper. How to use social is running theme.
  wrote a great new paper for  re: socializing biz websites. add more ideas in the comments pls  
 Nordstrom Bets Big on Digital With $270 Million Acquisition of HauteLook  via 
 No surprises here. Why Consumers Quit Brands on Facebook, Twitter, E-mail | ClickZ  via 
 Pink Ponies: A Case Study  via 
 Coverage of recenty study by Janrain and Blue Research: Should You Make Consumers Register to Buy Online?  
 Social behaviors power change & tools assist. New view on today's tech.The Top 10 Social Tools for Starting Revolutions 
 Live from Social Media Week: The Suxorz picks the worst social media moves of 2010  via 
 What if Facebook Bought Twitter? The Companies Have Talked About It, Report Says by   via 
 As a recovering Barbie fan - love this: Mattel Launches Digital Campaign Aiming To Reunite Barbie & Ken  via  
 RT  How to Combat Abandonment with Social Sign-On - Janrain research study. 
 RT  The Malcolm Gladwell Book Generator. Enjoy: 
 Can you influence the influencer? Maybe not. RT  Twitter Topics and Why They Become Popular - 
 RT  Research Study: Consumer Perceptions of Online Registration and Social Sign-in 
 Content is king: AOL Buys Huffington Post for $315 Million in Cash, Appoints Huffington Editor-in-Chief 
 Who Won The Super Bowl - Groupon Or LivingSocial? I vote Living Social by a landslide. 
 Amen! RT  excited as you are to see the Superbowl ads right now, I promise you will hate them all in 3 months after 100th replay.
 wow - a chevy with FB real-time status updates?  
 The ROI of ROI: Does ROI Always Make Sense? Diff between tracking a campaign & a new business model via  
 RT  New Offering:  Engage for your iPad Apps for Social Login & Sharing!     
 RT  X-Cart Integrates  Engage to Add Social Login & Sharing to E-Commerce Shopping Cart Platform 
 Adding social login and sharing to your site this year? Check out Janrain Engage.  Quick demo - Thurs. Jan 27 9am PST 
 RT  KickApps uses Janrain Partner API to Extend User Engagement Features: 
 Retailers jumping on the social bandwagon in 2011 and more National Retail Federation - NRF/KPMG Report Finds 
 Lady Gaga's monster influence -  
 Success on the social web is based on user engagement and that starts with knowing your user   webinar
 A registered user opens a new world of possibilities   webinar
 The “True But Useless” Problem  via Jacob Morgan and Dan Heath, author of Switch.
 RT  Webinar Tomorrow: How to Improve Online Registration to Drive ROI  - 1/20, 2pm EST. Join us!
 Learn about Improving Online Registration to Drive Revenue from   &   
 Interesting interview with CEO of LivingSocial Via  At Deal Site LivingSocial, Fast Growth And High Risk | 
 Thank  you for passing this on - have heard much about it. RT  The entire first episode of Portlandia: 
 RT Drew McLellan - The Marketing Minute: YMCA, Starbucks & Children's Miracle Network all make logo changes 
 "snackable content", true brand meaning, RT  Behind Closed Doors:  CMOs planning to Accelerate Growth for 2011 
 1-1 relationships based on listener data by  Five trends for the future of radio | VentureBeat 
 Smart brand awareness move or waste of marketing $? Groupon Buys Super Bowl Pregame Ad  via 
 My  colleague, the southern CA transplant, just asked what freezing rain is - she'll soon find out .
 RT  is looking for a high-performing, creative Marketing Communications Manager:   
 Spot on preso from  - Eleven Digital Trends to Watch in 2011 
 RT  Interesting  deployment by Janrain "Capture"  see video.  SSO now stands for "Social Sign On"
 Forget the easy stuff - 2011 Social Media Predictions: Now Social Media Marketing Gets Tough | Forrester Blogs 
 WSJ.com - The Year Ahead for Media: Digital or Die 
 Check out this SlideShare presentation : JWT: 100 Things to Watch in 2011 
 Helpful for 2011 Planning: Best Social Media Stats and Market Research of 2010 (So Far)...   via 
 Thanks to Drew McLellan for resurfacing this favorite: . While good for a laugh, wonder if it was good for sales.
 RT Thinking Out Loud: What's Driving Groupon? 
 Considering adding social sharing to your site in 2011? RT  What Should You Look For in a Social Sharing Tool? 
 Check out Eloqua's Blog Tree. Original concept, and the discussion in comments is as interesting as the image. 
 RT I want my single sign on.  adds  Networks to their roster  
 RT  MTV Network Integrates Across Properties, Social: MTV Networks (MTVN) has implemented Janrain Engage to give...  ...
 RT  Google Still Rules as the Most Used Social Media Login  by  (via 
 thank you Sofa Table Chair in PDX for the most human shopping experience  today. Can't recommend you folks highly enough. NE Bway store
 What the Internet Killed - Newsweek  From phone books to privacy to 9-5 workday. I miss a well-written letter the most.
 RT  SaaS 101: 7 Simple Lessons From Inside HubSpot 
 RT  Janrain Engage for iPhone now supports sharing via Email and SMS 
 Larry Drebes ( will share panel w/ ( & Munidar P Singh ( on Social Media APIs  
 Food for thought tks  Social makes websites fashionable in 2011  Six Social Media Trends for 2011 
 Social Networking: The Future  via 
 no difference between social networks and email   blogger panel
 Personalization of content  served up on the fly when you login with FB. Check out Levis - Suggested shopping cart based on friends. 
 if you've invested in your corporate website, why send traffic away? Is this the wave of the future? how to balance where you engage? 
 just realized I haven't been outside since 11 AM yesterday when we checked in for  Living the vegas lifestyle can be rough.
 8 days to 2010 holiday shopping season - will santa be bringing social this year? Social Shopping For The Holidays...  
   live demo of dr.dre promo for new track. One click login to FB, listen to the track and auto posted it to FB page. 
  creates mini-marketing events that leverage social networks   Using  for Social logins to make it frictionless
 Need to go across all channels: website, FB, Twitter, email. They complement each other.   
 now talking about how often you can promote something on FB, Twitter. using example from a lady gaga  promotion.  Over 3 days w/ no drop off
 leverage power of social networking,but keep it under your brand where you have more control of it.  and   preso
 Best Practice - let consumers know what they are going to share with the brand if they  use social login   and 
 Social login across Interscope Geffen musician sites is spread across multiple social networks.  It is not all Facebook.
 social media is like teen sex.  everyone wants to do it, but no one knows how - tweet from last year, still relevant today
 Kicking off our presentation with Interscope Records at  Full room
 Love this, from writer Pat Conroy: A recipe is  just a good story with a meal at the end of it.  (thanks Kitchen Sisters)
 Day 2 of  summit. Listening to the Kitchen Sisters from  Your audience wants to be galvanized, to participate, to be on a mission
 Social CRM is far from being a fad. - even consulting firm McKinsey is talking about it.  
 Harvard Business Review current issue is dedicated to Social Media and the new rules of branding. 
  Summit getting started -  from Forrester up in a few minutes. Already had some great conversations. Happy to be here
 Happy to be headed to vegas and  summit.  preso with interscope geffen on customer acquisition with social media tomorrow.
 The ‘Path’ to Social Network Serenity Is Lined With 50 Friends | Epicenter |  
 Join me for the Future of Marketing -- 60 leading thinkers, 60 seconds each, 60 key insights:  
 Irrationality, Welcome Back to Silicon Valley  via 
 Check this out  RT  [Video] A Candid Conversation About  Engage  
 Great news! RT  Ning Integrates  Engage for Social Login and Inviting Friends (see examples) 
 I'm attending the  Summit 2010: Creating Talkable Brands Nov 17-19!  Register now: 
 RT  An exciting week in Internet Identity focusing on consumer initiated authentication transactions    ...
 RT   User management system for the social web: 
 RT  Great site member acquisition advice from  
 Another great post from  - The Marketing Minute: Marketing tip  71: How many hooks have you set? 
 RT  Local FOX Station Airs Hilarious Social Media Parody [VIDEO] - 
 Shared Janrain Engage WordPress Plugin for Login & Social Publishing on Try Engage on WordPress 
 "Improving online user registration to drive revenue" free webinar happening right now.  Join if you can. 
 Just nominated janrain  for Best Social Media Service for Small Business  
 Just nominated Janrain for Best Social Media Management Tool  
 How A Band Of Upstarts Are Challenging Facebook And Redefining The Social Web 
 Love this. RT  ING Direct Human Billboards . Thanks 
 Just nominated Janrain for Best Social Media Service for Small Business  
 Just nominated Janrain for Best Social Media Management Tool  
 CNN study on sharing. Powerful stats. 19% more likely to recommend brand, 27% more likely to favor the brand.  
 The Realize Movie from Tungle 
 Identifying — And Defeating — Social Clutter   (via  from 
 RT  Don't miss This Week in StartUps episode today  will be interviewing  founder, Larry Drebes   ...
 Use Janrain Engage to connect your website to the 75 million... 
 RT  Is Your Registration Process Scaring Away Users? - ReadWriteStart 
