 Reminder: Kline Science Library is closed for renovations in preparation for the Center for Science and Social... 
 Reminder: Kline Science Library will be closing for renovations in preparation for the Center for Science and... 
 Kline Science Library will be closing for renovations in preparation for the Center for Science and Social Science... 
 Kline Science Library will be closing for renovations in preparation for the Center for Science and Social Science... 
 The Sterling Chemistry Library will resume normal hours tomorrow, Thursday, April 14, 2011.
 Today, Wednesday, April 13, 2011 the Sterling Chemistry Library is closed due to the closure of the Sterling Chemistry Laboratory.
 Tomorrow (Thursday, 3/24/2011) there will be a power shutdown in Kline Biology Tower that will affect power in... 
 
 
 The Engineering & Applied Science Library will close at 6pm today, February 2, 2011.
 Kline Science Library will close at 5pm today, February 2, 2011.
 Due to the inclement weather and a shortage of staff the Geology Library is closed today, February 2, 2011.
 Because of current weather conditions, the Yale University Libraries will open to staff and users at noon, 12:00... 
 Due to the inclement weather and a shortage of staff the Engineering & Applied Science Library will close at 5pm today, January 27, 2011.
 Due to the inclement weather and a shortage of staff the Chemistry Library is closed today, January 27, 2011.
 Due to the inclement weather and a shortage of staff Kline Science Library will close at 5pm today, January 27, 2011.
 The Prospect Street entrance to Kline Science Library is not yet accessible, although the library is open.  Please... 
 Due to the inclement weather and a shortage of staff the Geology Library will be closed today, January 27, 2011.
 Due to the inclement weather the Yale Libraries will open at 10:30am today, January 27, 2011.
 Due to the inclement weather the Yale Libraries will not open until 10am.
 Due to the inclement weather and a shortage of staff Kline Science Library and the Engineering & Applied Science... 
 Due to the inclement weather and a shortage of staff Kline Science Library will close at 5pm today, January 18, 2011.
 In observance of the Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. holiday, the Science Libraries will be closed on Monday, January 17.
 The Science Libraries will open today at 10am.
 The Science Libraries will open at 10am tomorrow, Thursday, January 13.
 Kline Science Library will close today at 3:30pm
 Kline Science Library will close at 5pm today.
 Kline Science Library and the Engineering & Applied Science Library are OPEN.
 The Chemistry Library is CLOSED today. Normal hours will resume tomorrow.
 The Mathematics Library is CLOSED today.  Normal hours will resume tomorrow.
 The Geology Library is CLOSED today.  Normal hours will resume tomorrow.
 Please note: there will be no Eli Express deliveries today due to the inclement weather.  This means if you... 
 Yale Engineering Magazine - Digital Publication 
 All science libraries have reoppened and buildings on sceicne hill are safe to return to
 Acting University Librarian for Yale appointed 
 Kline science library and all of Kline biology tower had been evacuated due to the gas line break as of noon 11/22 
 Due to a building evacuation the Geology Library is closed today (Mon 11/22).  When access to the building is... 
 Memorial Service for Frank Turner 
 Levin: "shock and sadness" 
 Useful events from the Graduate Teaching Center including Higher Education & Science Education Journal Clubs 
 Teaching w/ Technology Tuesday - Digital Collections Tool 10/ 12 Bass Library L01 11-12   
 Teaching with Yale Special Collections Oct 5, 11- 12 Bass Lib L01 part of the Teaching w/ Technology Tuesdays series  
 Teaching w/ Technology Tuesday - Fall Schedule! 
 Teaching Resource Alert  - Understanding and Avoiding Plagiarism   (from The Yale Graduate Teaching Center)
 Learn about bibliography managers EndNote, RefWorks and Zotero  
 Free language tutoring in Bass Library, 7-9pm for French (Tues) Chinese (Wed) & Spanish  (Thurs) by The Center for Language Study 
 Forestry school relocates library collection  from  Thanks 
 New exhibit: "Superheroes in Court! Lawyers, Law and Comic Books"  RT  at the Yale Law Library
 From Yale ITS - Welcome (back) to campus  about Yale IT
 Former provost appointed Univ. librarian  from the Yale Daily News  a bit of library news
 Thank you for the retweets   
 Temple Street Block Party Sunday 9/12 11:30am-2:30 -parking lot in front of International Center 421 Temple St See you there for fun & food
 Frank Turner has been appointed as University Librarian for Yale (for a 5 year term).  Frank Turner formerly... 
 Stephen Hawking: God did not create Universe 
 Tours of Sterling Memorial & Bass Libraries for incoming graduate students & new faculty Thurs 9/9 3:30-4:30pm &... 
 iPhone app for the Yale Shuttle  w/ real-time location of all buses. Gr8 for zipping up and... 
 Big changes in the works  We are making room for the F&ES library that is moving into Kline & rearranging some collection space
 Teaching at Yale Day Monday, 8/30 HGS 119. Not to be missed. 
 Looking for a job in the library? Start here  
 See you today  the Info Fair for incoming grad & professional students till 4 in HGS courtyard. Get a preview of libraries’ value for you
 Inside Neurosurgery’s Rise  The brains of Yale’s Cushing medical Center
 ScienceDirect & Scopus will be unavailable this Saturday 8/28 due to scheduled maintenance & upgrades 7:30AM to 4:30PM EST
 New & improved Borrow Direct service: now request books not held at a Yale Library even easier and quicker 
 We've been a bit slow this summer but gearing up for more as we near the start of the year. Neat changes in the works & excited to c u soon
 Four F&ES Students from Developing Countries Named Compton Fellows 
 Yale’s Rothman Wins 2010 Kavli Prize for Neuroscience 
 Mobile web page for ChemSpider (chemistry structure searching) 
 New Digital Collections cross search  for images in  Library Digital Collections
 Watch Yale's 309th Commencement live at   RT 
 With summer time comes summer hours for the Yale science libraries 
 6 Free Websites for Learning and Teaching Science 
 Research Roundup from the Yale Bulletin  Neat science updates
 History of the Book Series- Bookishness & Digital Literature w/ Jessica Pressman Thurs 4/29 4pm Beinecke Library 
 10 Free iPhone Apps to Help You Go Green for Earth Day: 
 Chinua Achebe, Author of “Things Fall Apart,” Will Deliver Chubb Lecture at Yale April 14 
 Yale Student Poetry Reading Wedn 4/7 at 4 in the Beinecke Library 
 Introduction to GIS Mapping and ESRI’s ArcGIS Software. Bass Library L06a Tmw April 6, 1-4pm
 Kindles & other Reading Machines. teaching W/ tech Tuesday event April 6 11-12 Bass Library L01
 Open lecture by Prof Thomas Steitz, winner of the 2009 Nobel Prize for Chemistry, Thurs 4/1  Law School Levinson Auditorium 4:30
 RT   Schedule for the Environmental Film Festival at Yale, April 6-11 
 Free event- Basking w/ Humpbacks: Tracking Threatened Marine Life in New England.. / Todd McLeish Thurs 3/25 5:30 Yale Peabody Museum Aud
 West Campus Delivery Service 
 Teaching w/ Tech Tuesdays Next week at  ‘Directed Studies Timeline’ March 23 11-12 Bass Library L01
 Have  library items delivered to West Campus! 
 RT  St. Patrick's Parade Committee Announces Parade Day Plans 
 President Bill Clinton to Speak at Class Day  Sunday May 23
 Some great upcoming Library research Workshops at   
 Focus Group Lunch Series For Scientists by GTC Thurs 3/18 1-2 PM KBT 1202. Scientific Teaching: Why do we need to teach scientists to teach?
 Program- Preparing Future Science Faculty: Teaching Your Own Course Wed 3/24–4/21 11:30-1 in Hope 110  lunch served 
 Check out the CAS Colors of Chemistry Calendar iPhone app 
 For timely updates on GIS at  sign up for the Gis-l mailing list  From the Yale Library Map dept
 Some really great upcoming events for the sciences and more from the  Graduate Teaching Center  
 RT   Cosmologist Sean Carroll on understanding time. Absolutely, utterly awesome 
 Bill Gates's talk from 2010 TED  RT 
 Teaching w/ Technology Tuesdays - Google Earth & ARTstor. Next Tues Feb 23, 11-12 Bass Library L01 
 NPR: An Alien View Of Earth. Photograph made famous by Carl Sagan, valentines day 20 yrs ago-More at 
 Great  teaching events, resources, and more from the Graduate Teaching Center  
 Current Issue of  Bulletin & Calendar 
 Teaching W/ Tech Tuesdays next week - E-Portfolios.   Feb 16, 11 – 12 in Bass Library L01 
 The libraries are open today, and warm :)  
 Yes  Here are free online Yale courses mobile:  or  for PC . Does that help?
 Astronaut Tweets Beautiful Earth Images From Space 
 ‘Student Created Video’ featured in next week’s Teaching w/ Technology Tuesdays session Feb 9 11AM Bass Library L01
 Great workshop - EndNote Demonstration this Fri (Feb 5) 11Am Engineering Library 1st flr Becton Center 15 Prospect st 
 Google Wave workshop today , part of Teaching W/ Tech Tuesdays series 11AM Bass Library L01 w/  &  
 NYTimes: One On One: T.J. Creamer, Astronaut (Currently In Space) 
 Nature.com iPhone application   More info 
 Nikki Giovanni at Yale , 5:30 Feb 24. Free reading & book signing. Yale Law School Auditorium
 Great content from the Open Yale Courses is available on yr phone Oyc.Yale.edu
 Suspect in Yale killing pleads not guilty.  RT 
 Yale Immunobiologist Wins Prestigious Rosenstiel Award For Pioneering Studies of Innate Immune System 
 Nobel-winning scientist Nirenberg dies at 82 Discovered way genetic information in DNA is translated into proteins 
 Internet access has been restored to Kline Science Library
 Internet access in the Kline Science Library is temporarily down. Should be fixed asap.
 In today's Science Times:  Why we postpone having fun. And, new ways to edit DNA  RT  
  astronomer Debra Fischer weighs in on the science behind the new movie Avatar  RT 
 The  science libraries are open till 4:45PM thru Wed this week. Closed Thurs 24th – Jan 4   
 Use foursquare? check in at a science library and maybe become mayor! 
 Use foursquare? Check in while at any of the  science libraries & become Mayor! 
 Working while you are away from  campus 
 Online video from The  Fortunoff Video Archive for Holocaust Testimonies  (streaming Youtube)
 Special talk and planetarium show tonight, "Celebrate the Solstice"  RT  
 RT  Einstein’s biggest mistake? Find out in “Frontiers + Controversies in Astrophysics”…free + online at Open Yale Courses. http:/ ...
 School of forestry  is selling sustainably grown xmas trees $7/ft tonight till 6 & 10-2 sat. Prospect st. RT
 Digital Collections resources from  University Library  Search for images across collections
 “Twittering in Libraries” live presentation   Sterling Memorial Library LectureHall Mon 12/7  
 Maximizing library research w/ bibliographic software  Creating Bibliographies workshops at 
 Nota Bene "News form the Yale Library" newsletter Fall 2009 issue online  
 Yale Library mobile page 
 World Development Report 2010: Development and Climate Change  RT   
 ThanksGiving hours: Kline Science Library closed Thurs 11/26, open Fri 8:30- 4:45   for all  lib hours
 “Reading and Identity” Talk by  University Librarian Alice Prochaska 12/1 4pm Beinecke Library  
 Rare Copy Of Darwin's 'On The Origin Of Species' Found In Bathroom  RT 
 Place items on reserve at a science library - Electronic and print Course Reserves options 
 It’s not too early to submit requests to place items on reserves!  Try our electronic reserves options 
 It’s not too early to submit requests to place  course items on reserve at the sci library! Electronic reserves 
  University Library food drive 11/16-12/16 Drop off items at a science lib (KSL, Eng, F&ES) or donate online 
 Yale Engineering:
 2009 Rhodes scholars from Yale - Congrats to Matthew Baum (Yale graduate from molecular, cellular, and... 
 Two Yale students chosen as Rhodes Scholars  RT  
 Inaugural School Publication, Yale Engineering, will be released this Monday. Have you subscribed?  RT 
 FES student Justin Elicker wins a spot on the New Haven Board of Aldermen  RT  Congrats Justin!
 RT  Yale computer science prof and "Judaism: A Way of Being” author David Gelernter talks ebooks and cloud comps in NYT http: ...
 RT  Doc's Book Makes Much Ado About Poo: Yale doc and San Fran writer team up to tackle potty humor and body science.
 New hours for the  Library Map Dept M-F 1 PM - 4PM and Map dept is no longer accepting digitization orders
 RT  NASA Says Crash Turned Up Evidence Of Water In Moon Crater 
 Useful Online Library Tutorials  from the  libraries
 Great graphic! CELL SIZE AND SCALE 
 Harvard Medical School Launches Swine Flu iphone App - Washington Post  RT  
 Tweet your favourite element   RT 
 Biology, Botany, & Zoology Resources: The best info tools for the life sciences Tues 11/3 Kline Science Library  
 Yale Engineer Wins Packard Fellowship for Harnessing Power of Light  Congratulations Hong Tang!
  Library's Diane Turner Brings a Lifetime of ‘Giving Back’ to Her Role as Head of the Regional United Way Campaign 
 Freshman Organic Chemistry taught by Professor J. Michael McBride is available free from Open Yale Courses 
 RT  statlab Introduction to SPSS workshop tmw 10/23 1:30-3:30 in Main StatLab Register  
 Congrats to Marla Geha,  Astronomy Dept! RT  Look who's in Popular Science's "Brilliant 10" 
 Yale students call for Open Access  And Yale Daily news story 
 Follow The Yale Daily News  on Twitter for real-time Yale news
 A new digital environment for exploring cultural connections 10/27 11AM Bass Library Teaching w/ Tech Tues  
 RT  Frm climate change 2 human rts: Yale convenes forum of emerging global leaders 2 debate critical wrld issues 
 iPhone apps every biologist needs 
 RT  Lots more planets found outside solar system 
 Yale engineer wins prestigious Packard Fellowship for harnessing power of light.  RT 
 When Being a Cuckold Makes Evolutionary Sense  Research from 
 Transatlantic Research and Healthcare Alliance Announced Among Yale University, UCL and Yale-New Haven Hospital 
  Steitz Wins Nobel Prize in Chemistry 
 NASA invites Twitterers to next shuttle launch 
 Earth Science Rocks! Program at the Yale Peabody Museum this Sat, Oct 17 10am - 2pm 
 Twitter & higher education workshop tmw Wed Oct 14 1PM Bass library taught by  &    
 Two Good Reasons To Always Read the Methods Section of a Scientific Paper - Boing Boing 
 5 Sites Your Undergrads Need to Know -  RT  useful sites
 Brown bag event TODAY: "Mobile Medical Information: View from the Medical Library" Noon Sterling memorial Library lecture hall  
 RT  "Neglected Tropical Diseases: The Case for African Sleeping Sickness" with Dr. Aksoy TODAY at 5:30 in TAC Auditorium
 Wikipedia Co-Founder Jimmy Wales Interviewed by Yale Daily News   RT 
 RT  Memorial for  tonight in  
 Nine faculty just elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (AAAS). Congrats to all!  (via 
 Join Steven Koonin, U.S. Dept Of Energy’s Undersecretary for Science, for “Energy (& other) Sustainability Challenges” Noon Kroon RT 
 RT  Everything's noble about this Nobel prize winner, right here in   
 Audio of today's press conference for Nobel Prize winner Professor Thomas Steitz now online:  RT 
 Professor Thomas Steitz shares 2009 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for work on structure & function of the ribosome  RT 
 Tom Steitz,  Sterling Professor of Molecular Biophysics & Biochemistry & Prof of Chem awarded the 2009 Nobel Prize in Chemistry!
 2 Americans, 1 Israeli win Nobel chemistry prize 
 Papers & resources of & about the 2009 Nobel Laureates available free online courtesy of  
 RT   News: 2009 Nobel Prize in Physics awarded to Kao, Boyle and Smith 
 Free talk David Levy “A Nightwatchman's Journey: My Adventures as a Comet Discoverer and Skywatcher” Oct 8 7pm  Peabody Museum Aud
 RT  A TORNADO WARNING REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 600 PM EDT FOR SOUTH CENTRAL NEW HAVEN AND FAIRFIELD COUNTIES...
  alumni can now keep and access  RefWorks accounts after leaving Yale 
 Lunchtime lecture  Yale School of Forestry  "Tsunamis: Planning for Low Probability Catastrophes" Kroon Hall 12-1:30 RT 
 Sat 10/3 Yale Science Saturdays "Fantastic Fossils" 10:30am Davies Auditorium 15 Prospect St www.sciencesaturdays.org RT 
 The  Whiffenpoofs  will perform tonight (10/1) in the Sterling Memorial Library 5:15
 Rocket readied at Kazakh steppe for ISS mission 
 Tomorrow: Finding & Working w/ Data Sources Workshop co-taught by the Social Science Data Librarian.  RT 
 Benny Goodman Celebrations at Yale  RT 
 It's not lunacy, probes find water in moon dirt 
 Two Yale Faculty named fellows of the prestigious MacArthur Foundation 
 Two  faculty members receive MacArthur Foundation genius grant!   Congrats Professors Prum & Tinetti
 The Yale School of Engineering & Applied Science- a small school w/ grand ambitions  RT 
 If you missed Her Majesty Queen Rania Al Abdullah of Jordan yesterday, her speech has been posted on YouTube  RT 
 RT  FES Professor Shiela Olmstead op-ed, "The essential pillars of a new climate pact," in the Boston Globe: 
 RT  In 2008 Yale had 2744 white faculty membrs; 120 black, 93 Latino. 606 Asian & 1 Native Amer. Now they have 2 
 Whats the most impt number on Earth? Environmentalist Bill McKibben explains in a video posted to YaleYouTube  RT 
 RT  Despite weak economy recent physics bachelors receiving among the highest starting salaries  
 RT  Yale Endowment Posts 25% Loss 
 The science behind   (via 
 Access to ScienceDirect journals has been restored.
 ScienceDirect journals temporarily unavailable due to technical difficulties.  The problem has been reported to Elsevier.
 Presentation of research on  waste audits by Forestry & Environmental Science students 9/22 3pm Sterling memorial Library lecture Hall
 Conversation w/ Contemporary Book Artist Didier Mutel Thurs 9/24 4pm  Beinecke Rare Book & Manuscript Library 
 Friend, follow Uganda's gorillas on Facebook, Twitter 
 Yale honors the King of Swing with an exhibit at the Gilmore Music Library.   RT 
 Coldest place in the solar system? Right nearby 
 Finding Peer Review Articles, a video tutorial from the  Library in 2 Mins series 
 EndNote Demonstration, using EndNote to organize yr refs & create bibliographies wrkshp tmw at  Engineering Library 
 Mellon Grant to support a survey of Yale’s collections of photographs.  (via 
 today marks 40 yrs of co-education at  college (frm print  (via 
 RT  From the tables  Mory's to Sterling Memorial Library: exhibit celebrates the Whiffenpoof's first 100 years 
 Suzanna, you can request "Bringing Up Boys" via ILL or request that the Yale library purchase it  
 Body in Yale building ID'd as that of grad student Annie Le, calling death a homicide. Updates: www.apnews.com (via 
 Not be missed today! Tom Peter's Keynote "Mobility & Singularity" Sterling Memorial Library Lecture Hall noon 
 From the tables at Mory's to Sterling Memorial Library: exhibit celebrates the Whiffenpoof's first 100 years  RT 
 Handheld Librarian conference at  Facebook page  Mobile devices in education & research 
 SpaceFellowship.com: Damage caused by the Los Angeles Fires seen from space  Full  RT 
 Yale will rebroadcast Handheld Librarian conf at weekly lunch discussions; sessions start this Mon 9/14!  RT 
 Feeling under the weather? Swine flu cases at Yale have doubled this week:  (via 
 Anyone w/ information on missing Yale-student Annie Le is asked to call (203) 432-4400 More deatails at WTNH.com (via 
  grad student missing, university says:  (via 
 Kari Swanson (kari.swanson Director of Science Libraries is now the selector and Librarian for the  Geology Library.
 Yale criticized for nixing Muslim cartoons in book   RT 
 RT  GeekCQ From Terabytes to Petabytes: New Hybrid  System Developed      
 The business of health- Yale Library's healthcare business research guide  RT 
 Firefighters, on Chapel St. in New Haven, continue to monitor a ... - Hartford Courant:  RT 
 RT  Fmr U.N. ambassador John Bolton on the Yale Press' decision not to publish the Danish cartoons 
 Some neat upcomig events at the Whitney Humanities Center  including American Beauty Sat 9/12
 Come see the brand new StatLab clssrm in Rosenkranz Hall rm 01 Featuring all yr favorite statistical software & group-study area RT 
 Text messaging isnt just for LOLZ  RT  Answers by SMS from the  library 
 Workshop tmw- How to Find Journal Articles 2PM in Engineering Lib 1st flr Becton Center 
 CUPCAKE TRUCK PARKING 
 RT   Yale sticks to demolition plans - Yale Daily News: 
 RT  Yale researchers identifiy 'addiction gene' in women of European origin.    
 Info for the  campus about swine flu (H1N1) and responses at Yale 
 "Men's Soccer vs. Quinnipiac" Saturday Sept 5 7pm to 9pm 
 Of possible interest: Business resources   SOM & SocialSci library Thx 
 Catch highlights of the Class of 2013 moving into Old Campus:  (via 
 Tour of  Kline Science Library today at 4 bottom level of KBT 219 Prospect St 
 RT   will be at  September 8, 1:15pm to talk about Google Book Settlement and other G-stuff
  reports Yale scientists use fossil feathers to find true color of dinosaurs.  (via 
 RT visitnewhaven 7 & 8pm Leitner Family Observatory & Planetarium show Weather permitting viewing thru the telescopes in the observatory
 Huge chest of drawers hoisted aboard space station 
 Come to "Tour of Kline Science Library" Thursday, September 3 from 1:30 pm to 2:00 pm. Tour of Kline Science... 
 Come to "Orbis and YUfind: Yale's Online Library Catalog" Tuesday, September 15 from 10:00 am to 10:30 am. Orbis... 
 Come to "Biology, Botany, and Zoology Resources" Tuesday, November 3 from 10:00 am to 10:30 pm. Biology, Botany,... 
 Come to "Orbis and YUfind: Yale's Online Library Catalog" Thursday, September 10 from 11:00 am to 11:30 pm. Orbis... 
 Come to "RefWorks Demonstration" Friday, September 25 from 1:00 pm to 2:00 pm. RefWorks Demonstration
 Come to "EndNote Demonstration" Friday, September 18 from 1:00 pm to 2:00 pm. EndNote Demonstration
 Come to "Find Cited References" Wednesday, September 9 from 3:30 pm to 4:30 pm. Find Cited References
 Top tips for new Yale students: maps and info about the (physical) libraries 
 Top tips for new students: contact librarians by SMS, Twitter, IM, email, & Facebook 
 Welcome new Yale Physics Students! It was great to meet the new grad students in the Phys dept at orientation this morning.
 Come to "Engineering Library Tour" Tuesday, September 1 from 3:30 pm to 4:30 pm. Tour: Engineering Library.
 Come to "How to Find Journal Articles" Friday, September 4 from 2:00 pm to 3:00 pm. How to Find Journal... 
 Come to "Tour: Engineering Library" Tomorrow from 1:00 pm to 2:00 pm. Tour: Engineering Library. 
 Yale welcomes the Class of 2013 to campus. 1,308 freshmen chosen from a record number of applicants 26,000  RT 
 Scientists find evidence of iridescence in 40-million-year-old feather fossil.    RT 
 The   will be at the Peabody Museum this Saturday
 BIGWORDS -A NYT App of the week for finding cheap textbooks 
 Engineering library tours: this Fri 8/28 1pm AND Tue 9/1 3:30 Short intros to lib services & collections 
 Tours of Kline Science Library Tue 9/2 4-4:30  & Wed 9/3 1:30-2 Meet in the library lobby. Bio chem physics botany zoology & general sci
 Poster for Teaching  Yale Day 
 Yale Grad students on NPR Technology podcast 8/12 
 Special Teaching at Yale Day program offered for new TFs in BBS departments Wed 8/26 11:30-1:30 SHM-C103 lunch included www.yale.edu/teach
 Teaching at Yale Day for all new TFs & PTAIs in the Sciences Math & Engineering Monday morning 8/31 Register at www.yale.edu/teach
 Mtg new yale grad students and giving out info about the science libraries right now at HGS
 RT  Exhibit at Sterling Memorial Library celebrates Islamic art and architecture. 
 The Social Science Library book drop is now at the front of 140 Prospect St 
 RT   lists Yale among Top 10 Greenest Colleges in the U.S. 
 University Science Writing Competition abt applying science & communicating it effectively  Via  polycatt & 
 For Yale Science Faculty: Creating Reserve Reading Lists 
 Yale Science Libraries Letter to Faculty 
 Great astro image site 
 Are you or do you know someone on Twitter involved in science at Yale  that we can recommend for  ? let us know
 2009 UNIDO Industrial Stats data now avail  Yale  (via SocSci-Data ) (via 
 Academic genealogy, family tree of scientists based on dissertation relationships 
 RT   Best iPhone Apps For Creativity [Article by Josh Clark]   (via 
 YSN Professor Ruth McCorkle receives an international Psycho-Oncology Award in Vienna, Austria.  http://찪.sl.pt (via 
 Australian Students Twitter Parkes Telescope Takeover  (via 
 Happy Info Overload Awareness Day   (via  See a librarian for help managing 2 much info
 RT  Yale Rep announces 09-10 season including new whodunit musical "Pop!" & Ibsen's classic "The Master Builder" 
 Anyone using , any thoughts on its lack of review etc? Is this a useful alternative to complement arXiv.org ?
 Msg from Chief Perrotti: Street robbery near Church St S. Extension Bridge outside the Medical School area earlier today (8/7/09) 11:15am
 Text "fan yalescilib" to 32665 (FBOOK) from your mobile phone & you will be instantly added as a fan of the Yale Science Libraries FB page
 RT   Yale Yale researchers find key to keeping cells in shape. 
 Yale Lib folks: The Handheld Librarian conf  to b shown tmw 7/30 Sterling Mem Lib contact   for info 
 RT  RT  researchers identify 1st known tree-dwelling mammal, lived 260 MM years ago:  (Awsome.)
 RT   Yale researchers find predator-prey interactions are the “conductors” of synchronicity in living organisms. 
 All  library web pages are back up and available !
 All  library web pages are temporarily unavailable this morning. They will be back up ASAP
 You can now order a print copy of SpringerLink ebooks held by  Libraries for $24.95 More info at www.springer.com/mycopy
 RT  coffee tricycle at SOM sachem and prospect
 RT  What goes up must come down! Prof. Shankar teaches Newton's Laws of Motion on Open Yale Courses. 
 The current issue of the Chemical Information Bulletin is the last available in print. The Bulletin will be online only from now on 
 “Vinland Map of America no forgery, expert says”  Historic map held by Yale
  Yes looks like the Leitner Obs still offers Tues night viewings  is that correct  ?
 Dept of Astro presnts Apollo 13: A discussion w/ "Dr. Flush" Tonight 7/16 7pm FREE Leitner Family Observatory & Planetarium www.yale.edu/iya
 Effective immediately: the Reference desk in Kline Science Library is now open 10AM-4pm Mon-Fri. SMS reference still available 9-5 
 Yale Alert Message - 25 Science Park evacuated due to a gas leak www.yale.edu/secretary/emergency
 RT  The hashtag for the 2009 ACS (American Chemical Society) meeting in DC will be   
  Keep your eye on open positions, you never know : ) 
 The Yale Science Libraries are Closed Friday July 3
 Yale, Second Life, and Virtual field trips 
 Yale “Scientists Create First Electronic Quantum Processor” 
 SkyMax Mobile Weather Lab will visit Peabody Wed July 1 at 10AM - 11:15 with WTNH meteorologist Gil Simmons & News Channel 8
 “Conn. officials find foot long alligator in lake” 
 ScienceDirect & Scopus will be unavailable due to scheduled maintenance 8AM Sat 6/20 to 12AM Sun 6/21
 “Sum Help: Search Engine for Mathletes”  Wolfram Alpha can also give math & sci info
 “Leak At Yale Lab Sends 7 To Hospital”  Spill in Yale Medical School being cleaned up 
 Yale University Librarian takes new post at Oxford 
  Try contacting ITS Support Services for help with VPN 203-432-9000 helpdesk 
 “Connecticut Science Center opening Friday” in Hartford 
 Studying abroad? Check out these “Tips to Take the Library With You”  
 Tech tips from Yale ITS for connecting over the summer & while traveling  Thanks 
 Wireless now available for guests to Yale.  Non-Yale affiliates look for the ‘YaleGuest’ wireless network around campus.
  thanks for the mention !
  That's an important app, we love that Pubmed is searchable on the iPhone
  Those are great apps, thanks for sharing!
 Whats your favorite science related iPhone app?  reply us to share good mobile apps for science!
 RT  "Swine flu death in New Haven County, first in state: www.nhregister.com "
 Protect yr intellectual property on Facebook. See  ’s review of the Creative Commons Facebook app on 
 More info abt Yale essay prize winners awarded by Manuscripts & Archives
 History of Sci & Med major Jennifer Lin wins "outstanding essay on Yale prize" for her essay "From Chemical Terror to Clinical Trial…"
 The small fire in the KBT courtyard has been put out by the fire dept. No evacuations needed. Still smells a bit smokey though.
 Got a question, or need info? Get an answer on Twitter: Send us a Direct Message or  
 "Astro_Mike: In space, everyone can hear you tweet"  
 New library hours for summer beginning today. See  for details
 "Yale Opens Ultra-Green Kroon Hall" 
  Thank you! great to know that we made it that high on the list
 thanks   isnt that great?!
 Yale's YouTube channel 
 goPubMed now enabled for 'yalelinks' 
 Bass Lib extended hrs, open nonstop Sat 5/2 - Tue 5/5 3AM 
 The Cambridge Structural Database via the ConQuest interface has been restored on the workstation in the Chemistry Library
 Google Profile page for the Yale Science Libraries 
 Starry Messenger Observing the Heavens in the Age of Galileo Exhibit Beinecke Lib www.library.yale.edu/beinecke/brblevents/brblexhibits.html
 Unofficial iPhone app for arxiv e-print server “arXiview” 
  thanks, its a great endeavor!
 Yale University Library contributes to The World Digital Library 
 RefWorks now has a mobile page – see  on yr iPhone etc to manage references on the go.
 Productivity software (full microsoft office) now on all comps in kline sci lib reading room!
 Scopus & ScienceDirect will be unavailable due to maintenance on Sat March 7 for about 12.5 hrs starting at 6pm
 Extended hours for SMS Reference. Now Get answers by text message 9-5 Mon-Fri! 
 Online journals are briefly unavailable during short-term maintenance this morning, 2/16 Connection will be restored very shortly.
 New version of SciFinder Scholar for PCs and Macs OS 10.5 is now available for download.
 The Life and Works of Charles Darwin on display in Kline Science Library 
 Interruption to Wiley InterScience for maintenance & updates this Sat   2/7/09 9am for up to 12hrs
 Watch the Presidential Inauguration live on a large screen TV in Kline Science Library! www.library.yale.edu/science/library/kline.html
 Hours for the science libraries
 Hours 
 Fire alarm in Kline Science Lib is over now (1:20pm Jan 8) and we can re enter the building. Thnx
 Due to site maintenance, there will be a short interruption in online access to Wiley InterScience on Sat 12/27/08 st 9am for abt 4 hrs
 Holiday hours for the Science Libraries 
 New resource - “Henry Stewart Talks” www.hstalks.com Biomedical & Life Sciences Collection, audiovisual presentations by leading scientists
 Kline Science Library will be closed for the evening of Thursday October 9 after 4:30pm.
 We enthusiastically applaud the appointment of Kari Swanson (kari.swanson as Director of the Science Libraries. CONGRATULATIONS!
 Glassblowing Exhibit also on Facebook as a photo album  & shared with a Note
 Glass Blowing at Yale exhibit, at Kline Science Library and online at 
 Retweet  Yale StatLab workshps “New "Introduction to Stata Fall 2008" handouts are up: 
 Temporary problem resolved: access to Web of Knowledge databases has been restored.
 Temporary problem: sporadic access to Web of Knowledge databases (BIOSIS, Web of Science, Zoological Record, etc) because of a server issue
 WorldCat for iPhone/iPod Touch  Search WorldCat (database of books in libs around the world) from anywhere
 Lrn to use Orbis & YUfind, Yale’s Online Library Catalog like a pro! Tue 9/23 10am Kline Sci Lib www.library.yale.edu/science/learning.html
 Workshop “Find Cited References” in the Engineering Library Monday 9/22 3-4pm 
 EndNote Demonstration this Fri 9/19/08 in the Engineering Library 
 Tour of Kline Science Library this Fri 9/19/2008 at 10am meet in Lobby 
 More info on Dr Fortey’s talk at the Peabody Museum 
 See Dr Fortey’s “Dry Storeroom No. 1: the secret life of the Natural History Museum”  the Geo Library srvc desk b4 his talk this Thurs 9/11
  - Ask a Yale Science Librarian from anywhere! 
 New features added to OvidSP (Medline + AGRICOLA etc), details at 
 Online Tutorial about using Orbis, the Online Library Catalog now on flickr 
  - Get answers from a librarian by IM or SMS www.library.yale.edu/science/services/reference.html
 New Physics ebooks from Oxford Scholarship Online!  
 Yale Daily News Historical Archive available online 
 thanks  and   !
  - Virtual Reference at Yale Science Libraries see
  - more on flickr 
  - Kline Science library on science hill
 Summer hours for the Science Libraries  Chem mon-fri 9:30-5. Geo, Math, FES, & Engn mon-fri 8:30-4:45
 Kline Library summer hours =   Mon-Thur 8:30-7:45  Fri 8:30-4:45  Sat 10-4:45 Sun noon-7:45pm
 All science libraries closed for Memorial Day Monday May 26! 
 Reception to celebrate the completion of our new circulation desk. Please join us Mon 5/12 btween 3 + 5pm in Kline Sci Lib. Hope to c u here
 Bass Library (old Cross Campus Library) open continuously Sun May 4 noon -Wed May 7 3am info at 
 “Creating Bibliographies with EndNote” Mon 5/5 2-3:30pm in Bass Library (former CCL 110 High St) Electronic Classroom, room L06
 Academic Writing for Non-native Speakers of English by the McDougal Grad Writing Center Thursdays June 5, 12, 19, 26 12-1:30pm Mason Lab 107
 Second Life, last Teaching with Technology Tuesday of the semester! 4/29 11am-noon  Bass Lib L01 old Cross Campus Lib
 New circulation desk in KSL! Please pardon our appearance & noise as the desk is installed. All services r available during construction.
 Digital Primary Sources in the Library, Teaching w/ Tech Tues 4/22 11am-noon  Bass Lib L01 old Cross Campus lib
 Teaching w/ Tech Tues, instructional apps of tech 4/15 *Custom Google Maps 11am-noon  Bass Lib L06 old Cross Campus lib
 Science Direct will b unavailable for ~30 mins between 10 + 11pm Fri 4/11 for maintenance We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause
 temp access to Kline Sci Library from Prospect St has changed, c 
 Religion & the Big Bang Shulman Lectures in Sci & the Humanities  Aprl Whtny Humnities Cntr 5pm
 Teaching w/ Tech Tue, instructional apps of tech 4/1 on Zotero to org & share sources online  Bass Lib old Cross Campus
 Research Clinics & Drop-In Hrs Bass Library rmL01 former CCL  30min informal sessions for students
 Reminder: Kline Science Library is closed for renovations in preparation for the Center for Science and Social... 
 Reminder: Kline Science Library will be closing for renovations in preparation for the Center for Science and... 
 Kline Science Library will be closing for renovations in preparation for the Center for Science and Social Science... 
 Kline Science Library will be closing for renovations in preparation for the Center for Science and Social Science... 
 The Sterling Chemistry Library will resume normal hours tomorrow, Thursday, April 14, 2011.
 Today, Wednesday, April 13, 2011 the Sterling Chemistry Library is closed due to the closure of the Sterling Chemistry Laboratory.
 Tomorrow (Thursday, 3/24/2011) there will be a power shutdown in Kline Biology Tower that will affect power in... 
 
 
 The Engineering & Applied Science Library will close at 6pm today, February 2, 2011.
 Kline Science Library will close at 5pm today, February 2, 2011.
 Due to the inclement weather and a shortage of staff the Geology Library is closed today, February 2, 2011.
 Because of current weather conditions, the Yale University Libraries will open to staff and users at noon, 12:00... 
 Due to the inclement weather and a shortage of staff the Engineering & Applied Science Library will close at 5pm today, January 27, 2011.
 Due to the inclement weather and a shortage of staff the Chemistry Library is closed today, January 27, 2011.
 Due to the inclement weather and a shortage of staff Kline Science Library will close at 5pm today, January 27, 2011.
 The Prospect Street entrance to Kline Science Library is not yet accessible, although the library is open.  Please... 
 Due to the inclement weather and a shortage of staff the Geology Library will be closed today, January 27, 2011.
 Due to the inclement weather the Yale Libraries will open at 10:30am today, January 27, 2011.
 Due to the inclement weather the Yale Libraries will not open until 10am.
