  Shout out to my buddy Derrick who is working hard in Afghanistan to keep us in the USA safe.
 RT  Please sign & ReTweet! RT  Urgent! Soldier Being Fired (Forced Retired) By Army for Being    ...
 Money doesn't make you happy, but its a lot easier to be happy when you don't have to choose between food & electricity
 Finally getting to watch the new  Kick ass Joan!!
 Anybody else eat Lean Cuisine because they taste better than other frozen dinners?
 Is there any show more annoying than Ancient Aliens? Seriously morons, give the genius of your fellow man some credit
  I also had to spend over a month after surgery before I could even shower by myself. But it came finally
  Not a problem! I'm going through a similar thing & may have a cane forever to help balance as (cont) 
  Give it time and it will come. It will be frustrating, but eventually it will come. Just don't (cont) 
  I hope things don't get worse, but I'm happy to hear you have something to help you out just in case.
  I'm sorry to hear that. Is there anything medicinal or otherwise that can help?
  How are you doing Wayne? I hope things are working out well for you
 RT  "Just because she was promiscuous didn't give you the right to rape her!" That's right, bitch. Now eat a bullet.  
  Major jackass! I was big so people made fun of that much more than my glasses
  Yep! I also remember broken glasses in grade school & then not being able to see the rest of the day.
  I'm not fat because I have a problem with food I'm "fat" because I was born that way, & I'm fine with it. Healthy too
  I've been proud to be a nerd since before being a nerd was cool.
  I love your new pic! The glasses are seriously sexy!
  Chronic pain really sucks but in away you do adjust to it. My Dr is really good to work w/ me
  I know I cried the whole way home because the jerks there locked the doors early then wouldn't let adopt anything but a dog.
  Slowly. I am going to have pain for the rest of my life. The goal is to make it as small ad possible
  Yep. I went to the shelter to Foster a dog and found my baby
 Finally found my kitty that's been gone for almost a year! I'm so excited!
 Top 5 LOL Reasons to Ban Gay Marriage! Funny New Video F-bombs Homo H8ers. Watch it:  via 
 I'm a fat ass (__!__) and a smart ass (_e=mc2_) and if you don't like it you can kiss my ass (_*_)
 RT  (_!_) regular ass, (__!__) fat ass, (!) tight ass, (_*_) sore ass, (_e=mc2_) smart ass, (_x_) kiss my ass!
  Very funny
 RT  If U R Uncircumcised & would choose 2 stay that way, Please RT for the babies who can't say NO to   
 RT  Why Christians dislike abortion yet see nothing wrong with god drowning everybody in a flood is baffling.   ...
 RT  Camping: "May21 was spiritual  Shit; now we have Christian Zombies walking the Earth! Oh wait, no change there  ...
  I'm 98.9% German, so I guess I know have an excuse for occasional murderous thoughts.
 Where's Ray Comfort? --> RT  Croc Dog: Species of ancient crocodile had dog-shaped head. 
  I've been doing a lot of reading, it makes a better escape for me than TV
  I'm sorry that really sucks. I had my first anxiety attack since surgery today but it was a very small one
  Hey Wayne! I'm doing well, going through physical therapy for this month. How are you?
  Brisket! 
 RT  Just saw Cameron's film Titanic on "We" network. What I think of the sinking ship's night sky: 
  I understand your feeling, my maturity level means I make friends w/ people 10-20 yrs older than me
 I don't think I can watch this episode of Most Shocking, to many back injuries that I can feel by watching
 So much for the, if thr earth were 5ft closer or further we wouldn't be here argument RT  Depending on (cont) 
 RT  Depending on the time of year, the Earth’s distance from the Sun can vary more than 3 million miles.
 Is it all men, or just my dad, who play rough with a cat & then get pissed when they get scratched?
 RT   for sending our soldiers on 6, 7, 8 tours to combat zones yet thinking it's too much to ask the richest t ...
 Fucking assholes -->RT   worked like charm this diet plan,lost 18lb in 7days www.runt.in/tbyc
  Totally in agreement but that does seem to be too much. I'll stick to books & the internet
  News is either stupid or depressing. And mags are all about how to please your man or lose weight. None interest me
  I stopped reading the New York Times when they thought that President Obama's hair turning gray was front page news
  True
  I think people are people & no 2 are the same but generalizations & statistics can help us navigate the world
   My second tweet was about accepting this life as being important because who knows what's next
   There's a big difference between the insanity of WBC & general Christian but atheists see both as pointless
  Don't have the exact sources but I'll admit free pop was voluntary & prison is a slightly old study.
  Its 10% of free population that's non religious, and 1% of the prison population. All people are individuals though not statistics
  And my best friend is Catholic, however, statistically more religious commit crime than atheists. That I think was his point
  I never said that did I? But most religious people think this life is nothing compared to what happens next 
  I understand your original point, I like to make sarcastic comments too. So many assume atheists are evil b/c we're atheists & diff
 I think its more of a, I'm forgiven in the next world so fuck everyone & everything in the here & now  
   I haven't murdered anyone in over 20 years. I must have missed an atheist memo
   Oh I know. I'm so sick of the, they can be together, oh wait no they can't, thing
  I think the whole cast is sexy and Booth is like my dream man
   The Glades is awesome too! Callie and Jim are sooooo hot together
  Yes, much more character development. And if you like the forensics its one of the best shows in that area
  Bring it on! I am not afraid of a fictional character
  Well if I sold it on eBay I may have got lots of money but I still wouldn't have grilled tortilla chips
 I found Jesus on my tortilla today, and ate it anyways. Does that make me an evil person?
 RT  They kill me w/ these weight ctrl "healthy snack" commercials w/ a bunch of borderline anorexic women worrying abt th ...
  Really love the new format of the show! You guys kick ass!  
 RT  Humans are the only creature in this world, who cut the trees, made paper from it and then wrote, "SAVE TREES" on it.
 RT  Men are the best cooks; because with 2 nuts 1 sausage & a little bit milk, he can fill a woman tummy for 9 months!
 So I saw a piece of Facebook flair I want to make into a T-shirt. It had a banana on it & said "Atheists beware!"
 Just watched, The God That Wasn't There by Brian Fleming. Very good documentary about the harm & nativity surrounding the Christian faith.
 "Tomorrow's just your future yesterday"
 I love Craig Ferguson! The perfect way to end the day & start my insomnia fueled night
 Just a warning, if I don't know you and you send me a link with no description, you are going to be blocked & reported as spam
 RT       
  Yeah my dog just got me tonight so I don't know what my Dr is going to say but at least I'm moving
  I'm doing ok. I was actually doing really well before I tripped over my cat & got knocked down by my dog, but so goes life
  Been thinking of me my dear Wayne? (I fancy myself as a forensic version of Garcia)
 Jesse James vs Al Capone! My favorite  episode!
 Dad came home in a self absorbed mood swearing & throwing things. Oh yeah, it's great living w/ someone w/ borderline personality disorder
  so are you my dear :)
  Twitter hug being sent in the direction of one very beautiful lady!
 RT  Hate when men try to tell me how to act because they FEEL that's how women should respond to a situation. 
  That sucks! Glad to hear you and your mom are (mostly) ok though
 Thank you sir RT  FF      
 RT   top class          ...
   I like the, I have to hump the podium/pee dance going on the whole time.
  Sweet!!
 Looking to unleash some mayhem! Anybody got a Dillon mini gun I can borrow?
 "Well I'm a gentleman! I haven't shown anyone porn today!"
  Me either. July 20th can not possibly get here fast enough!
  Hell to the yeah! I was suffering from withdrawals
  are you near a TV? Cuz you should be! Spike is airing a Deadliest Warrior Marathon like nows!
 Thank you  for dishing out a kick ass Deadliest Warrior Marathon!!!
   Its also a matter of hindsight being 20/20 if something did happen people would wonder why she didn't do anything
   Sadly I can, but I was raised in the country (so to speak), so trusting people is something you're supposed to do
   I'm a much larger woman, but I still know that I can be overpowered (I was 1 of the guys for a long time)
 We have a lovely little thunderstorm going on outside :) its so peaceful
   It is hard to believe. I think the real problem w/ society is that people have too (cont) 
    Probably should do some research first cuz I missed it all so can't really say anything
   I can move about with a small brace on but can't bend or squat so that limits me a lot
   Dawkins wouldn't surprise me. He's older & his generation sexist behavior is the norm.
   I've been doing well,have a stitch deciding to poke out in my back but other than that not much
   Hey guys! Anything exciting other than Ponk's twitter getting hacked?
  All the misery makes me determined to wait for a great thing myself
  I enjoy seeing happy/healthy relationships. I've only seen destructive/miserable ones in my own life.
 RT  You don't have to be anti-man to be pro-woman. Jane Galvin Lewis
  Oh what joy! (still think twitter needs a sarcasm font)
  Who the hell crop dusts inside?!
  I'm online almost everyday for a reasonable chunk of the day I just usually don't have anything to say
  Yeah I'm happy too. I'll be happier though when I don't have to have everything done for me.
 I forgot one other super nice guy,  
  Hey Ponk! I'm doing well and healing nicely. It seems to be taking forever but I'm healing well all the same.
  Hey Wayne! I'm doing really well. Healing is slow but it is coming along nicely.
  Apparently so :-)
  I'm doing well got 4 more books of my series down 17 more to go
 Wanna meet some of the nicest coolest guys online?      
 RT  I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word,  ...
 RT  Church complains - ‘Good without God’ billboard removed!  Support a Secular Society PLS RT!  ...
 "Ah its like I've died and gone to heaven, but then they realized it wasn't my time so the sent me to a brewery." Peter Griffin
  It goes really fast and unbelievable slow at the same time
  4 to 6 more weeks and I should be mostly healed and able to return to normal functionality
  Its been fun ;-)
  I'm doing pretty good, handsome. Spending lots of time reading and watching stuff like Family Guy & Shawn of the Dead.
  I think the word "the" is the only thing that might not attract bots, maybe.
 Spent the day listening to my dad's racist anti-government spiel. Now all I want is a chance to unwind w/ a book
 "2000 years ago, a carpenter, a prostitute, & 12 other outcasts started a cult" History Channel program
 RT  If you want anything said, ask a man. If you want something done, ask a woman. Margaret Thatcher
 Supremely pissed at my cousin who felt drinking was more important than taking care of her family
 Is it overtly strange that I'm jealous of my friend who got to watch an autopsy?
 "Hehe did you just say big meat?" ~Family Guy 
 I love how my aunt who claims she gave her children religious options instead of indoctrination asks me about the beliefs of other religions
 RT  
 Am I the only one who thinks that "the most interesting man in the world" should meet the worlds greatest sniper?
 Im too fat 4 a cheerleader but go girl go! RT  cheerlead much? RT   get'em!!
 RT  .  PLEASE remove  twitter account! His tweets are sickening and I don't see how it's legal in anyway!
  They do have their moments
  I could see knocking them all off for room or 1 off for attention, but he just wanted to be naughty
 My cat felt it was a good idea to knock everything off my nightstand 1 by 1 so that he could lay there & get attention.
 Watching Cars & Man v. Food during a thunderstorm with tornado sirens blaring in the background. Yep I'm from Nebraska
 I just noticed the "overly dramatic dramatization" label on the 1-800-contacts commercials ;-)
  When I'm at school, it's only 43 miles away, now its more like 275.
  Yeah my grandma is the same except her husband died 15 yrs ago. We're worried she might be giving up.
  She's 86 and the last of her family still alive
  Its hard as we were just getting her healed from a broken hip
 I think every effing church in this town has a float in this parade! Grrrrr
  I guess it took 3 syringes of morphine before she even started to feel relief
 Feeling a little better today though its a small victory as I just found out my grandma broke her back today :-\
  June 20! Hell-to-the-yeah!
        Just to let you know I'm (cont) 
 RT  when you miss a spot shaving but don't realize it until you're on the beach. (
 RT   When I'm just about to fall asleep and someone wakes me up (
  No I trashed them cutting paper strips for a customer to use for scrapbooks & 2hrs of constant bending=not good
  Yep. I've had 3 bulged & degenerating for 5 years & the bottom 1 decided to really go about the start of this year.
  Me too! I'm looking forward to being mostly normal again! (At least physically (-;)
  I had a discectomy to help get rid of my back and leg pain & prevent any permanent nerve damage
  It went really well, the nerve pain in my leg is gone, the pain in my hip is minimized the only real pain is from the surgery
 I'll spend 24hrs in the hospital&then 2weeks of very light activity so the incision can heal then build up tolerance in the next 2/4 weeks
  It went really well. The pain in my leg is gone!
  Yeah I'm doing pretty good. I just had surgery tofix my back
        I made it out of surgery! (cont) 
 My friend after finding out I was lost driving w/ another friend in a park she visited yesterday: "don't die! That place is rape central!"
 RT  Rant - Why is my weight so fucking important to you? I’m 5’ 3.25” (and that quarter of an inch is very...  ...
 The world may well be coming to an end! I just watched a news story where many Midwest churches signed a statement saying LGBT is not a sin.
  Thank you Wayne I'm ready to get this over with. I will be sure to update you as soon as I can
  Thanks Wayne
        I'll be in Immanuel hospital in Omaha, NE
  Yeah I'm trying to
  Thanks Vonnie, I have a great surgeon the only concern is that the nerve may be too damaged to repair
  Thanks Dee, I feel pretty comfortable with the idea as my surgeon is one of the best in the country.
  Dee! I'm sorry I missed you. I love the pic you look great!
        Thanks Lee. Love you guys!
 RT  Donate what you can to help the 16 year old highschooler who now owes her school $45,000 in legal fees after... http:// ...
        1st I'm sure I (cont) 
 Support NOH8 campaign, add a  now! -  - Create one here - 
 Support  add a  now! -  - Create one here - 
 I am so happy that I will be out of town for the "Christian comedy duo" performing for family night at Nebraskaland Days
 The show Real Story on the Smithsonian Channel is AWESOME!!
 No wonder liberals are seen as criminals in US today 1st to promote equal rights democracy & health care were pirates (criminals)
 RT   because we are more than our ability to procreate.
 RT  He never says cut. Because there is no fucking director of LIFE so why the fuck is everybody acting?
  I've been pretty good, getting ready for surgery in a week to hopefully get my back normal again
  Love your pic and your tattoo! Hows my favorite demonic goddess?
 dolphins are atheist -   via 
 Missed Hug an Atheist Day :( Was so looking forward to making some people uncomfortable
 RT  What if your mother had had a headache that night?  bc you celebrate the day you were BORN not the day yr mom ...
  Though hopefully some of the pain will be eliminated
  True but not everyone spends all their time on twitter cuz they can't leave bed. For a week I can't even sit up :'(
 Parents both at the races tonight I'm at home laying on a heat pad&wishing there was something on TV. Not looking forward to 2 week recovery
  I was willing to let it be until my best friend came out as gay & the "good" Christians opened their mouths
  That IS religion "We're fantastic but anyone that is different or doesn't agree, they DESERVE eternal torture in both lives
 Ok no longer able to process stupid, I'm going to bed now. Good night twitter world
   Well the just bumped ass to nose. Wait… damn! I did it again! I don't seem to be good at this game
   Yep kinky as two crashing cars with a straight woman and a gay man can get. Wait…that sounds dirtier ;-)
  All it did was put a small crack in my grill and a tiny scratch in his bumper. It was too funny
  My best friend backed into my car back in the high school days. I found it hilarious, he went into panic mode
 The pic makes me laugh-->RT  Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi's bodyguards are all virgin females! Why? ---> 
  Very true.
  Why thank you my darling! I was going to comment on your pic too. I love the sexy hair
 RT  Number one App is Fox News for iPad? I think I need a prescription for Zoloft now.
