 "Could not put the book down!" - latest review on Amazon. 
 RT  The catastrophic debt ceiling debate   
 Update on Insurgent: Just wanted to post a quick update that I’m hard at work on the second draft and expe... 
 Georgia HOA Blocks New Home for Disabled  
  yes! Was the first movie my wife and I saw while leaving the kid with a babysitter
 Awesome video: 29 Ways to Stay Creative : 
 How is the economy effecting your book buying decisions?   
 The Eyeborgs Are Out to Get You 
 Finally. Republic available in the Sony Ebook store. . 
 5 of 5 stars to The Last Pendragon by Sarah Woodbury 
 RT   I think I should be allowed to attend  because I'm an addict who wrote a (soontobepublished) n ...
 Ooh cool! For first time, Republic makes "Top rated" in political fiction list on  
  thanks!
 Insurgent: First draft is: completed. It’s rough, disorganized, messy, full of typos, unreadable.  But fin... 
 First draft: completed. 
 Review: Tommy Nightmare by JL Bryan: Not long ago I read J.L. Bryan’s Dominion, which for quite a long tim... 
 What’s up with Insurgent?: Just wanted to post a quick update to let folks know what is happening with pro... 
 What's up with Insurgent?  
 New  of Republic. "This is a riveting book" 
 what's next? Oh yeah, sleep. 
 4 of 5 stars to Tommy Nightmare by J.L. Bryan 
 Marked as to-read: Tommy Nightmare by J.L. Bryan 
 liked J.L. Bryan'... 
 RT  Republican Eric Cantor to Poor and Middle Class: Die.   ...
 A primer for the  on  Worth reading!    
 That IS a nice a review, congrats! Looks like an interesting book! “    ”
   That's because it's the tea party's fault
  Nice, congrats! where's the link?
 RT  RT  Why Do People Act Against Their Own Interest?       
 2 new  s of Republic today! That makes 65 mostly 4 and 5 stars. You know you want to check it out :p 
 RT  RT  It really just happened...my paycheck is HALF right now. They really just cut my pay! 
 RT  More craziness./RT   unbelievable--if govt shuts down--no death benefits paid to militar ...
 Know anyone looking for  west of Atlanta? Restaurant chain looking for managers. Contact Charles RT or tell friends!
  Saddled with Trouble by Michelle Scott. Enjoyable read, 99 cents on  
 Living west if Atlanta (Paulding, Hiram, Douglasville) and looking for  Restaurant looking for managers. Email Charles
 "An original and thought provoking tale"  
 For the anxiety prone writer. 
 RT  The Ubiquitous, Wandering It:  
 RT  RT  Third riddle: Why are top 1% taking home twice the share of income & wealth they did 3 decades ago, & at ...
  Cats are evil. Mine are plotting to take over the country.
 RT  Random reminder: FREE 13 Little Blue Envelopes. This is a Kindle download. More forms coming. FREE BOOK!  ...
  Insurgent Chapter 6.1 if u like pls RT 
 RT  If, when, and until the  gets better;  and  need to see that working together is the only  ...
 “ My friend Charles' WIP:  ” Thanks so much for the tweet!
 RT  I'm hoping to sell 100 copies of my dystopian noir tale by the end of the month. Only need a few more sales  ...
  is holding contest to promote new book Dead Demon Walking. Prizes and stuffs.    
  Thanks for the mention!
 Thanks for the awesome review!      
  It was probably 
 State Funded ‘Sarah Palin’s Alaska’ 
 Insurgent Chapter 6.1: The razor didn’t precisely shake in Jim Turville’s hands as he carefully shaved in ... 
 Insurgent Chapter 6.1 now online, check it out. 
  You might have better luck at a bookstore? Lots of places to curl up and relax.   
 RT  Getting on the ferry to Ellis Island. Let's hope this goes better than that time on the plane. 
  They couldn't be much worse than the people currently running the world.
  That's awesome, let's email with details. Charles
 Putting together small group (10-20) of  to cross-promote our work. SF, fantasy, alt-history, political thrillers/dystopias. DM me.
  Yes... Someone else wrote first draft based on the book, then I edited into second draft, now it's back to him for final
  Well, holding my fingers.... It's still a long way from a done deal.
  Can't talk details, but moving on it. Finished editing screenplay this morning.
  Hey there! you still offering editing services these days? I'm going to be shopping for a good editor in a couple months.
 Edits on Republic screenplay completed this morning yay! 
 “ Jenny Pox by JL Bryan  via  Finished tonight. excellent read wasn't it?
 RT   I got ice for scotch & rocks and heard hissing in freezer. WTF? 
 RT  FYI: When writing a YA novel, misspelling "the ship" with a rogue "t" is a more significant typo than normal.
 Gah...tapping stars to rate something on Goodreads with an iPad is um...imprecise. Should have said 5.  goodreads.com/review/show/157584363
 3 of 5 stars to Jenny Pox by J.L. Bryan 
 Shrinking word count!: I know a couple weeks ago I posted a note here that Insurgent was 60,000 words, whi... 
 "I was riveted by this novel, drawn to its intensity and frightened by its premise." New  of Republic. 
 Everybody's got to eat.       
      The executives did an awesome job increasing company profits and growing market share. Oh... well...um
   After reading the dozens of Amazon reviews, I just feel sad for her. She was rude & unprofessional, but responses vicious
 RT  A novel in one sentence - part three  via  Check it out!!!  Please RT
 LOL! RT  When do cloud servers make sense? Usually after the fourth beer, I'd say.
 Shrinking word count!  
 Recommending Dominion by  Excellent dystopian thriller.  
 5 of 5 stars to Dominion by J.L. Bryan 
  Hope you enjoy it, let me know what you think!
  If it's your cup if tea, try Republic. Dystopian thriller, gobs of positive reviews. Kindle, Nook, etc www.Sheehanmiles.com
 How do I write an essay for class about  My words will have no meaning.   
 Nice new  of Republic 
 I'm  Dominion by J.L. Bryan 
  yep, it was good reading
  agree in terms of not duplicating between paper/hardcover, but ebooks must these days. I sell about 50 ebooks for every print
  Thanks but I don't really want any spam
 Hey  are you also planning to do Kindle edition of 'Annie, the Doll, its Thief and her Lover? I want to read it!
  You are scaring me. Mostly because I keep following your links about the holiday special. *shudders*
 Too big to prosecute. Appalling. 
 Major injustice. NYTimes: In Prison for Taking a Liar Loan 
   Yeah I miss you guys
   /me runs and hides. If 2008-2009 taught me anything, it's roleplaying <> writing!  
   Stalkers can be fun!
  Hey there! It's great to hear from you! I've been busy and overwhelmed! Surprised? 
  Looks very interesting adding to my to-read list! Book Review: SO MUCH PRETTY by Cara Hoffman su.pr/3TLsxa
 Just did something hideously mean to one of my main characters. New direction for the story, yay!   
  I think lots of Yankees must have moved there.
 RT    a wonderful writer is brand new to twitter as of today! Make her feel welcome.
 RT  Republicans are seriously working on ending pension plans for public employees while keeping same plans for themselves.
 RT  What everyone needs to wake up and realize is it's no longer  vs  it's The People vs Corporations. L ...
 RT  Fact: Governments everywhere see  just as  as  Or they'd give more  to  ever ...
 RT  "Never date a writer... She’ll write about things you have done to her or things you never did for her." Alex Stephe ...
 RT  My 1st Broadway audition reel is coming out next week on the YouTube. Will you help spread me wide? RT for GT! 
  We used to traverse the turrets of our tanks when I was in the Army. Not sure I've used the term since, except in fiction
 RT  RT  A no-nonsense guide to sharing and promoting content on Twitter 
 RT  Write With A Day Job  New blog post!    Please RT!
 RT  How being a writer is a lot like being clinically depressed:   
 Insurgent Chapter 5.4: 1998 Mandy Mays accepted her diploma from the Principal, and smiled so wide her che... 
 New chapter from Insurgent online.  
 Nice new review of Republic on Amazon.co.uk.   "It was an emotional rollercoaster throughout" 
  Ooooh.  /me encourages you to go write awesome reviews on Amazon and Goodreads and such! 
  Thx for the mention, hope you enjoy the book!
 RT  started reading Republic, by Charles Sheehan-Miles. Gripping 0.o
 RT   Republic:A Novel of America's Future by  Forsee PJ day - can't put it down!  ...
 Editing Republic screenplay and resting up from the LONGEST WEEK EVER. Next up a nap and finish essay for Lit Theory class.
  Thanks for the mention Joel, hope you are enjoying the book!
  Thanks for the mention, can't wait to hear what you think of the book!
 2 of 5 stars to Indivisible by Troy Grice 
 Awesome new reviews: Just a note on some awesome new reviews of Republic: “I cared for a lot of the charac... 
 Some awesome new reviews.     
 Republic now free on iBooks.    
 Check out my shelves on Goodreads: 
 Check out my shelves on Goodreads: 
 RT  Aircraft crashes into four buildings 
 Thanks you for the rating! Glad you enjoyed the book! “ 5 of 5 stars to Republic ”
 5 of 5 stars to Going After Cacciato by Tim O'Brien 
 Political suspense thriller, free. "I cried my eyes out by the time I finished reading this book"   
 MobiPocket, Amazon, and Why I’m not Dooooomed!: So here’s what happened. Way back in January 2008, I hit a... 
   and Why I’m not Dooooomed! 
 MobiPocket, Amazon, and Why I’m not Dooooomed! 
 Wow: "I cried my eyes out by the time I finished reading this book." 
 New Librarything Review of Republic: Just posting a quick update: new review of Republic up at LibraryThing 
  It's our cat Pi. He is the proof that aliens are secretly invading the earth. We're trying to turn him into a double agent
  Yes! I had a group of people I worked with in a virtual online world, and I LOVED it when we had conference calls.
  It's definately sexier. But not what I would call English :P
 Republic Chapter One ( If you are wondering what  is, see this post. Chapter O... 
 Republic Chapter One.   
 60,000 words….: Milestone of sorts. Insurgent is now 60,000 words.  Long way to go still, but the bulk of ... 
 Apple iBooks: Good news here, Republic is now available from the Apple iBookstore. Check it out here: http... 
 RT  Should we give it away before they can pirate it? The Truth About  Piracy.    ...
  Sounds intriguing. What's a band or song name I can key off to check it out?
 RT  Oh my, can you imagine what would happen to ebook market? Self-pub now! | Why Amazon would be smart to give away Kindl ...
 So weird to read someone else's screenplay adaptation of Republic. But it's really good, they got it. Now I have to do draft 2. 
 Republic now available in Apple iBookStore: 
 Oh nice a review I hadn't seen before.     
  Thanks! I'm running some ads there now, but virtually no clicks thus far. Will report on results when there are any
 Question for writer friends. Anyone used Goodreads ads? Experiences? Worthwhile?    
  Funny. I just cancelled my largely non-effective Facebook ads in favor of Goodreads. Hoping that will be better targeted.
 Ministry of Truth. Oh so true hahaha 
 Goodreads giveaway of Republic finished shipping the books today. Keeping  price at 99 cents for a while  
   Alex Congrats that is awesome! 
 Check engine light in my car has been on. For a year. I wonder if it's time to check it? 
  When I'm not on twitter. Oh... yeah time to go write now.
  Chapter 17 of Republic.     
 RT  Video: Wis Gov Busted for Illegal Campaign Coordination w/Koch (& Doing it on the Taxpayer's Dime)  
 4 of 5 stars to Thirteen Reasons Why by Jay Asher 
 RT  "Writer's block: when your imaginary friends won't talk to you." Anonymous
 I'm  The Awakening by Kate Chopin 
 Check out my shelves on Goodreads: 
 “ ” Alex great stuff! I can't wait to be able to tell people "I remember Alex when he was 4 feet tall...
 Eating a 
 “ If I ever become stupefyingly rich, I'm building a full-scale AT-AT replica in my backyard.” full of awesome! Do it! Do it!
 Ooh good news! Republic now available on the Nook: 
 My  is The Awakening by Kate Chopin. If you haven't picked yours yet, reply for   of Republic. 
 It's always nice to be appreciated. 
 Sometimes Twitter is a gigantic waste of time. 
 Republic  now listed for only 99 cents. .    edition to 1st to email me Charles
 RT  Uh-oh. RT  When novelists and book bloggers met -  (via 
 Giving away 6 copies of Republic: A Novel of America's Future at Goodreads! 
 RT  This is fun. THE ROOKIE eBook ( is No. 1 "Sports Fiction" book on Amazon: 
 Republic  now listed for only 99 cents. .    edition to 1st to email me Charles
  I'm game. The teenager broke his school computer, so my macbook pro is now in the hands of a child! This could save my Mac!
 “ Cthulhu's thirst is sated at 1 dwarf, people. You can't vote for them all.  Oh.... in that case, Sneezy
  Why not all of them?
 I'm convinced. “ Another great self-publishing ebook sales success story  via 
 Price drop: Changing my e-books to 99 cents. .  Let's see how that changes things.   
 RT  "What is          
 RT  Op-ed: What's your share of the national debt? Don't ask 
 Prologue of Insurgent. . Whoops that was 
 Sunday samples: Prologue of Insurgent. . 
 Now giving 100 copies of Kindle edition of Republic. . Email Charles for yours. Please retweet! 
 Update on Insurgent, and new formats available for Republic. 
 13 Reasons Why by Jay Asher. Powerful.  
 Promoting Kindle edition of Republic . Email Charles for free copy. Please RT!
 Congrats Alex! “ My script, MEMORY made the finals at   ”
 I'm giving away 20 free copies of the Kindle edition of Republic to the first 20 people who email me charles Please RT!
 Can't get into details yet, but film option for Republic is a go.  I'm insanely excited.
  Went very well.  Details will follow soon!
 RT  "Sony Sends A Dangerous Message to Researchers"  Please read and RT
  I still use my MBP for heavy lifting like Photoshop. For the keyboard 
  I absolutely love it. But for heavy duty writing I use an external Bluetooth keyboard built into the case.
  Thx, hoping it works out
 Going to dinner tonight to discuss possible film option for Republic. Send warm and fuzzy thoughts and lots of luck please!
 RT  Sen Webb's retirement leaves void for  in Congress.   spoke w   ...
 Just loaded Prayer at Rumayla in multiple ebooks formats at  
 RT  At  How NOT to keep your Craigslist trolling on the DL 
  Thanks for the mention! For the record: giving the book away resulted in a LOT more sales over time!  
  Pondering whether I should start writing paranormal romance. Except well, not. Amazing what she is accomplishing.
 Working with Smashwords to make Republic available in ebook formats in addition to Kindle.  
 INSURGENT has reached 54,000 words. Looking to have final draft completed in... March. Hopefully of 2011....
 RT  Fraught topic, essential read. If you write, click. RT  On Bad Reviews: 
 is at first job fair since my early 20s. Hundreds of ppl. 20ish jobs?
 is home
 is now in Washington's rush hour.
 noticed that the entire population of Baltimore left the city at the same time.
 Going home,first stop: coffee
 Yep it's Monday. Stuck in traffic.
 Checking out available Coldfusion/SQL jobs.
 Remastering Ep 1 of Republic. Audio is so bad I had to re-record this one from scratch. Podcasting underwater sounds like crap.
 Just uploaded chapter 4 of Insurgent.
 Trying to record my new podcast episode in between coughing and gagging from Spring allergies
 checking twitter
 We were going camping next weekend, but 30 degrees and a new statewide campfire ban don't mix. Ah, well.
 Call from the office at noon onSunday, stuff to do.
 Trying to get our list with ConstantContact.com sorted out.  I think this might be the most irritating Friday night ever.
 working
 Word just blew up, and not only blew up but unrecoverably corrupted my work.  Restored from backup, lost three hours.  Grunt.   :-/
 "Could not put the book down!" - latest review on Amazon. 
 RT  The catastrophic debt ceiling debate   
 Update on Insurgent: Just wanted to post a quick update that I’m hard at work on the second draft and expe... 
 Georgia HOA Blocks New Home for Disabled  
  yes! Was the first movie my wife and I saw while leaving the kid with a babysitter
 Awesome video: 29 Ways to Stay Creative : 
 How is the economy effecting your book buying decisions?   
 The Eyeborgs Are Out to Get You 
 Finally. Republic available in the Sony Ebook store. . 
 5 of 5 stars to The Last Pendragon by Sarah Woodbury 
 RT   I think I should be allowed to attend  because I'm an addict who wrote a (soontobepublished) n ...
 Ooh cool! For first time, Republic makes "Top rated" in political fiction list on  
  thanks!
 Insurgent: First draft is: completed. It’s rough, disorganized, messy, full of typos, unreadable.  But fin... 
 First draft: completed. 
 Review: Tommy Nightmare by JL Bryan: Not long ago I read J.L. Bryan’s Dominion, which for quite a long tim... 
 What’s up with Insurgent?: Just wanted to post a quick update to let folks know what is happening with pro... 
 What's up with Insurgent?  
 New  of Republic. "This is a riveting book" 
 what's next? Oh yeah, sleep. 
