 Dormition and Dominion 
 RT  Listen: They Might Be Giants, Tiny Desk Concert  
 
 Can't keep  down.. not that they were ever down. Anyway, just watch. 
 RT  Even though I selected the Old Testament only option my phone still autocorrects like to Luke
 RT  Now available for Android ! The Daily Readings App is the easiest way to access the day's Scripture readings...  ...
 
 
 Just found Alexander Schmemann's "Church, World, Mission" at Goodwill for $2.99. <3 Portland
 RT  Wik-Bee Leaks: EPA Document Shows It Knowingly Allowed Pesticide That Kills Honey Bees  
 RT  Audio: It gets really big, but only right at the end. Cracking tune though.   ...
 RT  Man In Mickey Mouse Suit Obviously Attempted To Eat Ribs 
 YES. 
 RT  R.I.P. El Chupacabra (1995-2011) 
 RT  Portland, Oregon must be in the top tier when it comes to strange devices used by people who don't want to hold their ...
 RT  Cool!  using  for distribution. On    for 3.99 &  homepage ht ...
 RT  Are tattoos of wings & feathers the answer to anchors & anvils?
 RT  New Half-handed Cloud Tour / Facebook / EP!! Click on the link and get the full scoop!  
 RT  In Africa, Bob Seger is world music.
 RT  waiting at the apple store, wondering if being a member of  will expedite service   ...
 RT  Homework done. But missed first 10 mins of ABC TGIF!!! 
 RT  David Byrne is the house band of any given Chipotle
 RT  Revisiting Hey Dude and seeing if it's still "a little wild and a little strange” 
 Yes. 
 RT  Ukuleles: "The official instrument of commercials"™.
 RT  the oldest thing in day-to-day America that's not historically protected are the iced tea dispensers in fast food res ...
 RT  Breaking news: New TMF record via  coming in 2012. Obscurities available for preorder. Out next month. ht ...
 RT  Today’s Google doodle commemorates the 450th anniversary of the consecration of St Basil’s Cathedral in Moscow:  ...
 RT  Human history is the long terrible story of man trying to find something other than God which will make him happy 
 RT  Fr. Stephen Freeman examines Orthodox conversion within the context of modern American culture: 
 RT  Krill for dinner again. Mom never gets me CHunKz. Fed it to Crumbles when she wasnt lookin. He jiggles when he slurps  ...
 RT  God has infinite attention to spare for each one of us. You are as much alone with Him as if you were the only being H ...
 RT  97-Year-Old Dies Unaware Of Being Violin Prodigy  
 RT  Be oppressed, rather than the oppressor. Be gentle, rather than zealous. Lay hold of goodness, rather than justice. - ...
 RT  The surprising history of prayer in space, from CNN:  
 RT  Everyone feels benevolent if nothing happens to be annoying him at the moment-CSLewis
 RT  Kind, Bearded Christian Has Guitar, Story To Tell  
 RT  Watch Sufjan Stevens' technicolor stop-motion video for "Get Real Get Right", directed by Sufjan himself  ...
 RT  Radiohead Denies Influencing Local Band  
 RT  Music streaming site Spotify readies U.S. launch 
 RT  Photo: Sure am glad that this exists. 
 RT  Same Americans Who Made Taylor Swift Popular Polled On Constitutionality Of Health Care Reform   ...
 Whoever mows the grass in Kansas does good work.
 RT  Aaron Leitko on the reissue of Lungfish's 1999 LP The Unanimous Hour: "otherworldly inspiration" 
 RT  Hippie Will Tell You What The Real Crime Is  
 RT  Grandaddy's The Sophtware Slump gets deluxe reissue, plus two other albums also reissued on vinyl p4k.in/m5NUuZ
 RT  Bus Passenger Stops Trying To Enjoy Kansas Scenery  
 The chlorine smell of the fountain in front of Five Guys finally made me feel like it's summer.  
 RT  Disney World Mascot Could Use A Fucking Vacation Himself  
  
 RT  This guy in front of me at the grocery store with a handlebar mustache is really taking it to the next level by payin ...
 Guaranteed emotional impact: lyrics beginning with "I remember" / "Do you remember"    
 RT  Michele Bachmann Announces Bid To Be Discussed More Than She Deserves In 2012  
 RT  Piglet noticed that even though he had a very small heart, it could hold a rather large amount of gratitude. 
 RT  Hotel Bar Really Hopping Tonight, Says Hotel Bartender  
 RT  Indie Music Blog, Independent Music Blog, Album Reviews, New Music, Band Interviews | Syffal.com:   ...
 Better get the Blasto out... 
 Yessss. 
       
 RT  We have had enough, once & for all, of Hedonism-the gloomy philosophy which says that Pleasure is the only good-CSLewis
 RT  This weeks featured artist and album is David Thomas Broughton - Outbreeding... 
 RT  So many cool ways to consume music. Too few ways for musicians to earn enough money to consume things like food.
 RT  Every man should keep a fair-sized cemetery in which to bury the faults of his friends-CSLewis
 Welcoming the summer sun on the  
 Love  love loving  new album! Perfect way to start the summer...
 
 RT  Why haven't Sparks been awarded the Presidental Medal of Freedom?
 RT  God Bless Weird Al 
      
 RT  Buddhists continue 3-yr-long meditation, despite approaching wildfires in AZ. 
 Forget  it's all about  
 Cult classic in search of a cult: 
 RT  All Saints' Sunday reflection by Fr. Paisius McGrath:  (English)  (Ukrainian)
 RT  Remember the March '11 New York Shows by watching them here: 
 "See the light. Follow."  
 RT  There ought to be things we should like to do and cannot because our charitable expenditure excludes them
 "Free bee" week is almost over! D/L the new album, tell your friends. Tell your enemies too... 
 RT  www.davidthomasbroughton.co.uk... ...Is being populated by the videos for each track on the new album. See it.
 RT  Trackback: 2011 (70). ▼ June (7). The Fire of the Spirit · Writers Are Haunted Creatures: Making Sense of the......  ...
   
 I  hope this album comes out in the U.S. sometime soon...  
 RT  The reissue of Mercury Rev's Deserter's Songs is named Best New Reissue: "intimate, romantic" 
 RT  Faith is the art of holding on to things your reason has once accepted in spite of your changing moods-CSLewis
 RT  Ritalin Cures Next Picasso  
 RT  A new G-G posted: Try the book, it’s wise.: Try the book, it’s wise. 
 RT  Roger Waters hated rock stardom so much he made a double album and theatrical spectacle about it   ...
 YES.  
 RT  Stephen Merritt is perfect for morning television. I'm not kidding, he's great at it. (via   ...
   D/L new album "Consider the bees." for FREE this week only. Call it a "free bee"   
  
   New album "Consider the bees." is FREE this week. Consider it a "free bee"   
   This week only, d/l the new album "Consider the bees." for FREE:    
 RT  Parish, family and friends Celebrate Fr. Robert Holet's Anniversary of Ordination: 
 Viriditas 
 This week only, download the new album "Consider the bees." for FREE: 
 Post-rock Animal Collective? Whatever it is, it's brilliant... 
   
 RT  You can now preorder MAKE, the film that inspired Sufjan Stevens' Age of Adz: 
 0:45 = high point in YouTube history... 
 "The only thing I have to say..."  
 RT  The longsuffering and forgiving,even though they may have sinned much in the past,will be crowned...like the holy martyrs.- ...
 Totally psyched about this album...  
 "TO THE MAX!" 
 RT  Bad people know very little about badness. They have lived a sheltered life by always giving in-CSLewis
 "Does Lady Gaga write her own material? If she didn't, I would just DIE." 
 "YES, I'll Supersize that.. (idiot)." 
  
 RT  Handmade Anti-Obama Sign Currently Frontrunner For Republican Presidential Nomination 
 Ah,   are still the only kind of weird that counts. Loving the new album... Get it. DO IT.
 RT  The Lonely Teenager CD goes legit today as the album is released into records stores. Yes there are still record stores.
   
 RT  First Listen: BOBBY, 'BOBBY' 
 Free  EP to get you through another Monday: 
 YES. 
 Free 15-track Honorable Worm Sampler:  
 RT  Radiohead's Amnesiac Turns 10! Hear its tracks covered by Flaming Lips, David Bazan, John Frusciante and others... http:/ ...
 RT  Trackback: Second, I believe that a journey begun in 2004 is coming to an end. Conversion can have its less plea...  ...
 Classic. 
 RT  New, free  single 'Walking on Eggshells'.  Play/download here:  Buy the album here: h ...
 Ascension 
 RT  It is God who effects within us all virtue; we contribute nothing at all but a disposition that desires what is good  ...
 
 Yesss... 
 Awesome cover/collab... 
 RT  Sun Goes Out For A Few Seconds  
  Some acoustic aloe for that Memorial Day sunburn... 
 RT  Heaviest bee suit world record - in pictures  via   
  Quiet psychedelia for that post-holiday weekend sunburn... 
  
 RT  Join TV Club Classic and revisit the first season of Six Feet Under, on the eve of its 10th anniversary. 
  Get into summer with some sunburnt psych-folk... 
  Psychedelic soundtrack for the first sunburn of the season... 
 RT  Photo: Umm, well. Yes. 
  Sunburnt psychedelia for the post-BBQ playlist... 
 From "Eyes (10th Anniversary)" free digital reissue... 
  
 "Clay lies still but blood's a rover." -Walker Percy, _Love in the Ruins_
 "Sometimes it seems as if the Light's gone out / But It's only filtered through the doubt." 
 RT  Burn me not my Creator but instead enter into my members, my veins, my heart and burn all the thorns of my sins. -St  ...
 "God awaits from us a creative act." -Nikolai Berdyaev
 RT  Gil Scott-Heron R.I.P. - he was 62  
 RT  There are no ordinary people. You have never talked to a mere mortal-CSLewis
 RT  Wow!  Louisville and  Charlottesville added Can't Keep Johnny Down to their playlist! We thank them and hope yo ...
  
 Yessss. 
      
   
 RT  We In Golden Age Of Thing, Guy Who Likes Thing Reports 
 RT  Pride gets no pleasure out of having something, only out of having more of it than the next man-CSLewis
 2nd release in this year's trilogy of (free) 10th anniv reissues is imminent. Till then, here's the 1st 
      
 RT  Stephin Merritt – “Forever And A Day” 
   singing a Lewis Carroll poem?? Oh dear, it's all too much for an aging nerd to handle... 
 "There are those who hate Christianity and call their hatred an all-embracing love for all religions." -G.K. Chesterton
      
 In the year 2000... 
  
 RT  Virtue - even attempted virtue - brings light; indulgence brings fog-CSLewis
 Matt. 24:36; Mark 13:32; Acts 1:7
 RT  In his way to union with God, man leaves no creature aside, but gathers together in his love the whole cosmos. -Vladi ...
 Moving to Portland next month. Biggest decision: compiling 3,600-mile playlist...
 Loving the new Sea Oleena album (of course)... 
 Working on a "live" solo acoustic arrangement... 
 RT  Opinion: Fiscally I'm A Right-Wing Nutjob, But On Social Issues I'm Fucking Insanely Liberal 
 Why haven't I heard anyone mention this?? 
      
 RT  Song of the Day: Withered Hand: A Ruler Across The Knuckles 
 RT  The instrument through which you see God is your whole self & if it's not kept clean, your glimpse of God will be blurred
  
 RT  All joy emphasizes our pilgrim status; always reminds, beckons, awakens desire. Our best havings are wantings-CSLewis
 RT  Video: Buy album here:  
 Yesss. 
 RT  The cross comes before the crown, and tomorrow is a Monday morning-CSLewis
 RT  Speech is the organ of this present world. Silence is a mystery of the world to come. -St. Isaac the Syrian
 RT   Daytrotter Random tunes from the Android App!
 RT  Our Special All Paper Salute To The Envoirnment  
 RT  Evil is a parasite. It is there only because good is there for it to spoil and confuse-CSLewis
 Just tried to type "married" into my phone and it auto-filled "martyred." Hmmmm...
 RT  New on Toad: Lady Lazarus - Mantic 
 Richard Youngs - "Soon It Will Be Fire" This really defies words, but here's one: LISTEN! 
 RT  Video: This is a cracking album - buy here:  
 RT  Huzzah! Can't Keep Johnny Down is the song of the day! 
 RT  A few of us have returned from visiting the World's Fair. Now to resume the monotony of every-day existence. LA1885
 RT  A talk with Charanjit Singh, accidental inventor of acid house (via  
 RT  Library of Congress and Sony Music team for 'National Jukebox' free streaming of vintage recordings 
 Have I mentioned... 
 RT  Love is the great conqueror of lust. Being in love is far better than either common sensuality or cold self-centeredness
 RT  The idea which shuts out the Second Coming from our minds, the idea of the world slowly ripening to perfection, is a myth
 "Behind the invisible hedges, into the unimaginable fields..."   
 RT  Attempt To Recreate Incredible Night Out From Youth Works Perfectly 
 "To understand is not more wonderful than to love." -George MacDonald, _Lilith_
 RT  Via  A Nephew's Quest: Who Was Brother Claude Ely? | 
 NEW VIDEO from "Consider the bees."   
 
 RT  Charlottesville News on The Welcome Wagon: . "
 Video for "Wouldn't Mind Dying"  From NEW album CONSIDER THE BEES! 
 RT  Bap-tizum - Load of Gospel 33-45-78's 
 RT  I do not doubt that whatever misery God permits will be for our good unless, by rebellious will, we convert it to evil
 "All that is not music is silence." -George MacDonald
 Finally returning to "Lilith"... Oh, George MacDonald, how I've missed you!
