 Thank you to everyone who donated to the Fund this year! 
 Reminder to those who filed extensions on your income tax forms, you can still donate to MHCDF!  You can drive... 
 State Income Tax Forms are due TODAY! Thank you to everyone who "Checked the Box" and for those of you who are... 
 
 One more day to “Check the Box”!: 
 Kalamazoo Gazette supports MHCDF: 
 The MHCDF supports dozens of projects across the state. One such project
 Muskegon County woman gets new home, thanks to MHCDF: 
 We've updated our blog on projects we helped fund during 2008. Don't forget, the April 15th deadline for filing tax... 
 Don’t Forget to “Check the Box!”: 
 It's the last weekend before taxes are due! Don't forget to check the box on your state tax form to donate to... 
 MHCDF featured in the Lansing State Journal: 
 Check out the op-ed from our co-chairs Angie Gaabo and Ken Bensen that ran in the Lansing State Journal today... 
 Check out the op-ed from our co-chairs Angie Gaabo and Ken Bensen that ran in the Lansing State Journal today... 
 You can drive money straight into your local communities this tax season
 Check out our new blog post specific to Southeast Michigan. Stay tuned for information on MHCDF projects funded in... 
 Less than 10 days left to “Check the Box” for your community!: 
 It's time to get a good return on your investment when you file your state income taxes!  In FY 2008, MHCDF... 
 It’s time to get a good return on your investment. The Mich. Housing & Community Development Fund leveraged $11 per $1 invested in...
 There are only 10 days left to make a difference in Michigan! "Check the Box" on Line 24 of your Michigan income... 
 Thanks so much to all our Friends and Fans who've already donated to MHCDF on their 2009 Michigan Income Tax Form.... 
 Help us spread the word by becoming a fan of Living in Michigan and joining our event "Check The Box" to promote... 
 Thanks so much for becoming of fan of MHCDF! Make sure you take a minute to visit our website to learn about some... 
 Residents in Western Michigan are Encouraged to “Check the Box”,Continue Helping Their Communities. : 
 We've got billboards up across the state promoting our check-off! Have you seen one yet? 
 I just saw my first "check the box" billboard yesterday.  They look great. 
 Don't forget taxes are due April 15. Here is a link to the Voluntary Contributions form, the second step to make... 
 MHCDF is a program that helps Michigan cities and communities to
 It’s tax time and time for you to invest in Michigan’s economic future! Check line 24 of your MI-1040 to donate $5... 
 Thank you for becoming a fan! Please keep inviting friends to become fans and "Check the Box" on line 24 of your... 
 The April 15th deadline is quickly approaching. Don’t forget to “Check the Box” on line 24 of your income tax form... 
 Dont forget to tell your tax preparer that you  want to "check the box" and donate to Michigan's Housing &... 
 Thank you for becoming a fan! Please keep inviting friends to become fans and make donations on their tax returns.... 
 Fans of the Fund: Please invite your friends to "check the box" and donate on their state tax returns. 
 State income taxes are due in a few weeks, there's still time 2 donate 2 MHCDF 2 help make Michigan a better place to live for all residents
 Check out our new blog post! Don't forget to donate to Michigan's Housing and Community Development Fund on your... 
 Have you "Checked the Box?": 
 Dont forget to tell your tax preparer that you want to "check the box" and donate to Michigan's Housing & Community... 
 It's tax time.  Don't forget to check the box and donate $5 or more to Michigan's Housing and Community Development... 
 Here is a link to the Voluntary Contributions form, the second step to make sure you correctly donate to MHCDF... 
 Here is a link to the MI-1040 Individual Income Tax Form, the first step in donating to MHCDF on Line 24 of your... 
 
 Come to "Check The Box!" Today at 3:10 pm until <br />Thursday, April 15 at 6:10 pm. Investing in Michigan’s... 
 Our new 2010 Public Service Announcement promoting our 2009 Individual Income Tax Check-off Opportunity to drive... 
 I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "MHCDF invests in our Communities" 
 REMINDER: Taxes are due April 15! You can drive $ straight into your community this tax season 
 Former Rivals Team Up to Promote Michigan’s Housing and Community Development Fund Income Tax Check-Off: 
 Welcome to the MHCDF Blog: 
