 We made it! ( Bayside Church) 
 Running late to  in  Starts in 3 minutes!
 I have been so tired today I took two thirty minute naps & have been sleeping off & on since 6:45. Not like me, hope I'm not getting sick.
  Thank you!
 My wife is awesome! She is still not 100% feeling better but still took care of my son by herself so I could speak at an event. Love my wife
 Speaking in a few minutes on Growing your business with Social Media. Stop by, FREE! Food here too.( Umpqua Bank) 
 My 1st week  is almost over. It has been an amazing week! Very blessed! Check us out at www.KLOVE.com & listen online.
  LOL! I meant sick...thanks for catching the error.
 Some very interesting points about Facebook made by   for  Great job!
 Here  for  learning from  &  about Facebook & Twitter. Great speakers.
  We should get together some time next week.
  Yes please follow them.
  I am the  Social Media Producer.
  No show. I am the  Social Media Producer.
  Thank you!
 Getting ready for my first day  Nervous but excited. A new season in my life. Tremendous blessing!
 The Lord does not test us to build strength bit to expose weakness. In our weakness He is made strong...when we depend & lean on Him....
 What a crazy night! My wife is worse now! Woke me up around 2:15 with a fever & more! Out of Tylenol, went to Safeway - closed, then...
  thanks. She is much better but not 100%.
 Home at last, thank God Almighty we are home at last! Wifey is doing better, all tests were good and she is staying home tomorrow.
 Had to take my wife to the ER. Fever, cold chills, aches & pains. Waiting on Dr. now.( Kaiser Emergency Room) 
 Reflecting on the great message I heard  from  "What are your weakness? What are you hiding behind?" Challenging!
 Just completed a 1.75 mi walk - My ankle is feeling much better. Almost back to normal.  
 It amazes me the lessons I learn from my son. How he forgives and loves after being hurt. He is amazing! I can't imagine life w/o him!
 You can now find me in Style Magazine, July 2011, or here 
 Being motivated by  to blog & be the best!
 Social Media at  Learning from  &  ( Bayside Church) 
 This is crazy!! Mashable - Borders Will Likely Shut Its Doors This Week 
 Having fun with Zaya, cousins & family. ( Chuck E. Cheese's) 
 Tyler is leading an awesome worship time. Looking forward to the message! ( Bayside Church) 
 At the Video Cafe, saw  And cjalvarado. ( Bayside Church) 
 RT  Fun idea for your Church! - Host a Free  Night w/  learn more - 
 Hope everyone had a great 4th of July!
 Just completed a 2.12 mi walk - Very long but fast paced walk. I'm really out of shape!  
 It's nice and cool here. Awesome worship with Tyler! Looking forward to the message. ( Bayside Church) 
  thanks!
  I want a sticker! How do I get one?
 RT  Happy Friday! Giving away free  stickers today. Want one? 
 RT  How about Follow Friday on Facebook? Which Facebook page is your favorite?
 I cannot believe it is July tomorrow. With the weather it has been a little like Junuary! It just makes this year more unique than last year
 What does social influence mean to you? I see it as being able to share a topic with everyone and it having some kind of impact.
 Happy Social Media Day Everyone! What are you doing today? Celebrating?
  You are not missing much here, other than it went from 90's to rainy and cold today.
 What happened to summer?
 I just unlocked the "Warm Up" badge on  
 Just finished writing 3 great blog posts. Now time for my 2nd cup of coffee and then editing. They will be up shortly on 
  everything ok? Have not seen a tweet from you in a while.
  it was an honor to have been invited. I appreciate the time you put into people. It's very inspiring, hero like.
 Here to see social media's greatest  speak about  ( KXTV) 
 Finishing my registration for summer school at Epic Bible College today. Going to have a busy schedule with Mon, Wed & Thurs night classes.
  Hope you find someone soon!
 RT  Netflix Website And Streaming Services Go Down: 
 RT  "Never let what you cannot do stop you from doing what you CAN do!"  Stephen Pierce
 Love that place! “ Buzz for Chicago Fire Pizza:  - RT  John goosed the waiter at Chicago Fire Pizza.”
 RT  Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. (Mother Teresa) 
  How do you go after franchisees? Or a better way to ask. How do you determine if someone us good for franchising?
  When one comes to this area do you know if it will be Corp or franchise?
  Did the store di well in our  Just curious. Are the store franchised or Corp owned?
 Second fathers day and I'm having breakfast with family! ( Waffle Farm) 
  That is great news! Let me know if there is anything I can do to help. I know a lot of businesses in the area.
 Awesome! RT  An article about how I've used social media for Red Mango. 
  do you take interesting and out if the box professional photos?
  the price of being a good photographer! That must have hurt like....
  yeah I have heard they are not easy to work with. Good thing you were out before the fire. Will there b one here again?
  Yes it's close. We had one in the   but it closed. You are a local grad then! Awesome!
  I was shocked when   wrote me. It would be nice if there was a  near by.
  Hi! I really did not expect a response. Open a location near   or  I miss  Thanks!
 I have to say that it is very irritating to follow people who just post through RSS Feeds or somehow automate their Tweets. No Relationship!
 Very True! RT  Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Brian Tracy
  Yeah I wrote  about having a location near buy but got no where. Non-Responsive...Still great yogurt!
  oh that's a great reminder! I meant to tonight. I'll try online. Thanks!
  I just went and added my email. Thanks!
  oh you are lucky to have Red Mango! Ours closed a long time ago and I miss it!
  Change only happens when you start with yourself.
  That sounds good! I have never seen extra virgin coconut oil.
  Thanks for sharing the video! Not enough talk about blogging, mostly about Facebook & Twitter.
  thanks! Tell your hubby I said happy fathers day!
  Do you think social media bridges the gap between sales and marketing? Essentially linking the two.
  If we accomplish one big thing it is a life of many incompletes, but if we accomplish many small things it's a life of success.
  I would say they work better together than individually. Just my opinion.
  Where do you get organic espresso from? Do you make it lime coffee? I don't have the 411 on espresso. Please educate me.
  Are you a member 
  No problem.
 I just wanted to say Thank You to Char Altman at Staybridge Suites in Rocklin for the movie tickets we got to use last night!
 Doing sone grocery shopping thanks to Family Mission Center. You all blessed my family beyond words! ( Trader Joe's) 
 Awesome worship with Lincoln Brewster.( Bayside Church) 
 Cool! RT   Congrats! Your RunKeeper Rank has been updated!  
 Thank you  for always letting me know about the West Coast Daily!
  have you tried going to grader.com from  They have an amazing system from websites to social media.
 Just completed a 1.94 mi run - Wow! Next time I'm going down hill instead of all up hill! Trying to b ...  
 Interesting info. What do you think? Why Top Brands Are Investing So Much Time In a Social Media Leaderboard: 
 Going in to see XMen! I'm so excited! First movie since Soul Surfer.  ( Blue Oaks Cinema 16) 
 First date night in a long time! Going to see the new XMen movie. Lots of good reviews. Zaya is with his Nona!
 Should be on  News, "Facebook, Really, Really."  Facebook Hires President Clinton’s Former Press Secretary:
 Are you aware of Klout? LinkedIn Users: You’ve Got Klout:  New update, does this mean you will use it now?
 This guy is a Genius! Excited to see what he will do now. Apple Store Guru Leaves To Lead J.C. Penney: 
 Hey  this is for you! How Cities Are Using Web Video To Take Control of Their Public Image:
 Just completed a 1.46 mi run - Very hot! Tough trying to get back into shape, especially with a stroller!  
 Do you blog? This can help you! 3 Important Legal Considerations for Bloggers: 
 Something new coming from Facebook, check this out. Facebook Is Developing a Photo-Sharing App [REPORT]: 
 It was nice seeing you! RT  Good to see   at  mixer at Placer Insurance Agency
  Thanks for the RT and the map!
  Chamber Mixer tonight at Placer Insurance from 5:30-7pm. Who's going?
 My fav places on  ★ Johnson-Springview Park, Whitney Oaks Golf Course ★  
 Reading "The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People" by  Our map or paradigms influence our perspective 
 I endorsed Chris Dwyer on BranchOut, "your professional profile on Facebook" 
 According to   is influential about: internet marketing, marketing, and social media !!
 According to  I'm influential about: social media, california, and business  do you think about this?
 Dedicate your life to God, not just what is right and good!
 I endorsed Alejandro Reyes on BranchOut, "your professional profile on Facebook" 
  I'm watching my so best time this week is after 5pm or some time next week.
 Just added myself to the  twitter directory under:     
 I cannot believe that I have full signal at home!  gave us a free  We went from no bars to full bars. I can call people now!
  We should connect in person soon. I am starting to put some pieces together for a big social media event for Placer Co.
  How was the tournament? I did not get a chance to come out.
  Chamber Evening in the Park, Dads night! Hanging with Family! ( Johnson-Springview Park) 
 What information would you like to see posted about Social Media? I want my content that I post to be helpful and impacting to you.
  I enjoyed listening to you! I'd like to hear more! Let me know how I can do that.
  3 C's in Leadership: Character, Chemistry & Competence. Awesome talk this morning!
 Thanks David! RT   Congrats Gary!!!
 Rocklin Chamber Leadership Rocklin Graduation Breakfast! ( Whitney Oaks Golf Course) 
 I can't believe it's time to graduate from Leadership Rocklin already. It has been a very interesting time but overall a great experience.
 Apple Blesses Twitter, Makes It the Social Network on iOS Devices:
 Our truest intent, no matter what we say or do, is our Why. Digging deep and finding the why to the things or what we do. People buy our...
 Started reading 7 Habits of Highly Effective People by Steven Covey. He makes a great point at the start, people see our true intent. No...
 Winning Local Kickoff Video  via 
 At the new location on Blue Oaks & Foothills Blvd. ( Family Mission Center) 
 You Too! RT  Have a gr8 wknd RT        
 Thanks RT           
 Try the HootSuite dashboard to manage and monitor your social profiles 
 Selling my Golden Bear Golf Clubs, great starter set, on Craigslist.  Let me know if you are interested. = cleaning house 
 Selling my EVO 4G extended battery with backing on Craigslist. Let me know if you are interested. 
 Spin Cycle 
 Spin Cycle 
 Zaya playing with his wash cloth. 
 Zaya playing with his wash cloth. 
 Wow! Check this Groupon Out!! 
  Chamber Government Relations City Walk committee meeting this morning at 8:15am at William Jessup University.
 Pop Pop playing w/ Isaiah. 
 Pop Pop playing w/ Isaiah. 
 Zaya's paparazzi! 
 Zaya's paparazzi! 
  Chamber Mixer is tonight on Granite Drive at Manuel Joseph, Kitchen Mart & Gold River Flooring 5:30-7pm. I will miss it, sons bday!
 Isaiah is 1 years old today!  It is amazing how fast it goes by and how much they learn and grow!  Happy Birthday Isaiah!
 My son is turning 1 tomorrow! I cannot believe it has been a year since we first met him. 
 "21 Twitter Conversation Tips. There’s nothing like a good social media conversation.."  
  Great ribbon cutting today! Hope we can work with each other in the future.
 WinMar Solutions Sales & Marketing Newsletter  via 
 3 Reasons Why You Should Hire A Social Media Manager = Time, Knowledge & Success Over failure.  Article in WinMar eNews!
 WinMar Solutions Sales & Marketing eNews  some updates and changes to Social Media Management services w/ a discount.
  Anything specific that you would like them to do? This will help me present it to the Committee and/or Board.
  Chamber Membership Committee meeting this morning.  Any ideas on how we should obtain and retain members?
 Me. Music Man 
 Me. Music Man 
 Spin cycle anyone? 
 Spin cycle anyone? 
  Thank you! Is there a way to get more involved with 
 Zaya worshipping at home watching The Rock of Roseville Live. 
 Zaya worshipping at home watching The Rock of Roseville Live. 
 Zaya worshipping at home watching The Rock of Roseville Live. 
 Zaya worshipping at home watching The Rock of Roseville Live. 
 He keeps going and going...LOL! 
 He keeps going and going...LOL! 
 Zags falling asleep while spinning! He is so amazing!!!! 
 Zags falling asleep while spinning! He is so amazing!!!! 
 Zags falling asleep while spinning! He is so amazing!!!! 
  I did not know of any of the events but I will take a look & make it to the next one hopefully.
  Hi Krista! I noticed you were local and wanted to see if you would like to meet up so I can get to know you and your biz.
  Since we are so close in location I wanted to see if you would like to meet up for coffee to learn more about you & your biz.
  Hi! I am familiar with it. What did you want to discuss?
 Zachary & Tiffany's first meal! 
 Zachary & Tiffany's first meal! 
 Awesome meeting w/  Caught me quoting Brian Sharp. 
  Chamber Business Resource Committee meeting today at 4pm at the Chamber. Great way to help local business. 
 Thanks! RT  RT  When Do Personalized URLs Work in Direct Marketing Campaigns? 
 Facebook Starts Clipping Coupons 
 Be a ROCK STAR Presenter (Pt 3 of 3) 
 SOCIAL MEDIA NUMBERS KEEP GROWING… 
 Influence, awareness and measurement of conversation are becoming more important with the rise of the social web. 
 Social Media and Social Business: What's the difference? 
 The Future of Geolocation: What is Coming? 
 4 Ways Location-Based Apps Can Grow Your Business 
 It's that time again,   doing it different today. I'm recommending  he shines and is a great business man!
 Don’t Ignore Social Media’s Research Value 
 Watch out, Obama: Everyone else has caught up to everything you did in 2008 – all the tools are more sophisticated. 
 Loopt Qs offers real-time answers to common questions about locations around you 
 Anatomy of a Shared Link on Facebook 
 Social media, business and priorities: I don’t care how busy you are 
 4 Powerful Strategies for Managing Your Online Reputation 
 It's that time again,   doing it different today. I'm recommending  he shines and is a great business man!
 5 Tools to Be More Efficient on Twitter 
 When Do Personalized URLs Work in Direct Marketing Campaigns? 
 Visualize Your Social Customer 
 Video Marketing Lessons with Jesse Buckley of Daily Grommet 
 Thank you   I am going win! I was inspired by  I am all in bro!
 Great Advice! RT  Everyone needs a mentor. Find someone smarter than you and latch on. 
  I was inspired and incredibly surprised to hear your passion for God! Great job speaking 
 Great Stuff!! RT  Love it! "price is only an issue in the absence of value!" great statement from an attendee at 
 Welcome! RT  Thx for the RTs, MTs    
 3 Takeaways About Customer Relationship Magic 
 9 Companies Doing Social Media Right and Why 
 5 Tactics to Win Over the Other Side 
 How to Advertise a Small Business Using Online Video 
 QR codes are codes that allow you to tag on your mobile devices. 
 The customer. Their expectations shape your strategies. Their needs govern your road map. They speak; you listen. 
 Know any Non-Profits? Send this to them. How the NonProfit World Will Beat the Recession 
 Thanks for the RT  RT  Kenmore Looks to Get Moms Talking with Blogger Campaign 
 Good information to evaluate your website: 10 Words That Should Never Appear on Your Website 
 New hot topic = QR Codes = Quick Response Codes Bring Diners Back To Fire + Ice 
 One thing missing in business is Engagement. We need to Revisit The Meaning Of "Engagement" 
 How to Measure Your Facebook Engagement 
 Kenmore Looks to Get Moms Talking with Blogger Campaign 
 Be a ROCK STAR Presenter (Pt 1 of 3) 
 6 Ways Social Media Helps Your Presentation Resonate 
 How To Get Great Sales Leads 
 Are You Spending Too Much Time With Customers? 
 Four Simple Rules To Double Your Sales 
 RT  25 Examples of Creative Print Ads 
  RT  Facebook’s fastest growing demographic is 17-35 year olds – TIME
 RT  The Branded Content Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via  
 RT  If you feel headachy or tired, drink 1/2 your body weight in number of ounces of water without ... 
 RT  To the shock of no one, Katie Couric is expected to announce this week that she's leaving  ht... 
 Great job on ur competition last week! RT  Jetlagy, but sooo glad to be home!
 Importance of Context to Understanding the New Social Buyer Persona 
 Do Social Customers Really Want a Relationship with Your Brand? 
 Online Marketing Focus Series Session 1 Inter-Networking Your Business Online Presented By:  Gary Winchester  
 On LinkedIn, our written communication becomes a permanent component of our branded content. 
 I love that! So very true! RT  I think it's ok to be disappointed but not dwell on it.
 Is Your iPhone Stalking You? 
 Are you ready for the Google Network? 
 How Cisco Uses Social Media to Connect With Customers 
 Chili's is supporting the Scramble for Scholars in  by giving a percentage of sales on the 25th. Click to see. 
 7 Attributes of a Winning LinkedIn Profile 
 4 emotional strategies for getting your company to embrace social media 
 Defensive Branding 
 Two Ways to Use Twitter for Career Development 
 What's the Law on Fair Use with Online Content? 
 RT  The west-coast Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via   
 Thanks! RT  You’re Z best!    Thank you again for supporting   
 Excellent Etiquette Suggestions for Maintaining a Professional Image While Communicating Behind the Computer Screen 
 Do Social Customers Really Want a Relationship with Your Brand? 
 Natural, Organic, Social - That's Where CRM is Going 
 How to Use Geolocation in Your Marketing Initiatives 
 What Makes Videos Go Viral? 
 4 ways to find your fans 
 How To (Successfully) Break The First Rule Of Social Media 
 Social Media for Small Businesses: 6 Effective Strategies 
 YouTube Streams Live Video: 
  Chamber eNewsletter from Monday, April 19th. 
  Thanks for following me! Hope all is going well. Keep in touch. Have not heard from anyone about Vistage.
 “ Extra protection for man's best friend: RT  4 Antioch police dogs get bulletproof vests ”
 RT  Integrating Twitter Into the Zend Framework  
 RT  Speaking at  Twitter workshop &  1st event tonight! There's like... 
 awsm! U r a motivator! RT  Details 4 the  R hre: 
  Thanks for the RT. It was good seeing you at the mixer last night. See you next time!
 8 Ways to Successfully Sell Using Social Media 
 4 Steps to Make Google’s Panda Update Work for You 
 Social Media ROI: ROI Doesn’t Stand for Return on Ignorance 
 Small Businesses Benefit Most From Social Media, Study Reveals 
 How to Optimize Your Brand's Facebook Page For Search Engines 
 T-Mobile Launches Free Voice Calls Via Facebook 
 Lots of people at Wave Broadband for the  Chamber Mixer! Great turn out! 
 3-Minute WOM Lesson: 3 common mistakes with word of mouth topics 
 6 Steps to Expanding Your Network With LinkedIn Company Search 
 4 Most Common International Email Marketing Mistakes and How to Avoid Them 
  Chamber Mixer tonight at Wave Broadband in Rocklin from 5:30 - 7pm. 
 Is Electronic Communication Sapping Our Souls? 
 Email Timing: Consider Mailing on the Weekend 
 7 Outdated SEO Tactics and What You Should Do Instead 
 Digital Coupons Outperform Print Coupons But Cost More [REPORT]: 
 Startup Helps Local Businesses Serve Deals on Their Own Schedules: 
 Take & Share Interactive Panoramic Photos With New Bing iOS App: 
 Most Marketers Plan to Increase Social Media Spend This Year [STUDY]: 
 HOW TO: Make Your QR Codes More Beautiful: 
 Why Twitter Wants to Acquire TweetDeck: 
 HOW TO: Make Your QR Codes More Beautiful: 
 Taking my background of sales and marketing combining it with social media has been what makes me different. 
 Home with my son today with a cough & runny nose! Not going to get much work done today.
 The Big Search: DuckDuckGo Takes on Google
 Changing up my branding from  to branding me.  No longer working under a company name. 
 Live from  3 ways social media is changing journalism on  - 
 I believe I need to capitalize on the reputation I built over the last few years as a Social Media Marketing Expert 
  What do you prefer when meeting with prospects? I prefer face-to-face.
 Andy
 If we fail to adapt to our environment and overcome our obstacles we will never grow.   
 Facebook Comments System Could Be Huge for B2B Marketers on  - 
 Help Support Japan Earthquake and Pacific Tsunami Fund with the Purchase of Social Media Case Study Book 
 My focus will be on branding myself over a company as a Social Media Marketing Expert. New Blog Post here. 
  thank you!
  thanks, I will.
 TY RT  Some  love for some new friends from      
 Meeting with  and  today
 Hubspot webinar, running late to login.
 Small Group at  in  still at the beginning of  great group!
  I'm undecided but leaning towards just using my name, because I want to be an author and speaker.
  my son is almost 11 months old. He's better but still not himself. Thanks for asking!
  WinMar is a mash up of Winchester Marketing. I get winner all the time, which makes sense.
  there is a hockey player but I pop up over him on Google.
  Carry your values into the marketplace like a badge of honor.
 Thank u! RT   I've pre-approved your events for auto-retweet on  - please see...
  Just read your profile. You are a very interesting man and an inspiration. I look forward to getting to know u thru ur tweets
  thank you for the feedback. It's interesting to see the different responses I get when I ask people about it.
 How the Army Corps of Engineers, Charleston District uses social media on  - 
 Check out this video! Good for Social Media Marketers! 
 Is SEO Dead? On  - 
  Industrial Age - a time when values & personal relationships were the key ingredients to making sales, 
  Thanks.
  Thanks! He is better, at home sleeping right now.  Missed you at the breakfast.
  I saw you as well.  We should connect next time or before.  Thanks for writing me.  Like your username!
  Thanks for the RT!
  Thank you for the feedback and awesome advice.  At this point I doubt I will have employees so I should brand myself.  Thank you!
  I will begin with the intro then.  Thanks for the book, I am looking forward to reading it.
  Welcome! Thanks for the mentions.
  thank you for the heads up.  I have been having issues with  lately.  very disappointing.
 How to Create Content That Engages Prospects and Customers by  - 
  Chamber Ribbon Cutting today at JMS Industries at 11am - 
  Chamber Breakfast this morning at Whitney Oaks Golf Club - 
 Making me drool! “ Salmon...I need some Salmon.  Grilled with a nice lemon butter sauce.”
 Great choice! Love it! “ Tried some Red Velvet yogurt  today.  Very tasty stuff.”
 Question  Since I provide  services and educate clients, do you think I should brand myself or 
 Thanks  I will let you know once I read. I'm going to read your section first. Hope it's not in order!
 Thanks  I will check out  and  I enjoyed meeting you and had a great conversation at 
 It was great taking to    at  last night! Great group of people!  great place!
 My son was diagnosed with Croup. He took meds and now we are waiting for the dr to check him again. Should be ok but we shall see.
  thank you. He has croup. Just got meds and now waiting for a follow up from the dr.
 Taking my son Isaiah to the Kaiser emergency room after talking to the advice nurse. We are concerned with his temp & breathing.
 7 Organic Search Marketing Attributes on  - 
 7 Tips for Selling Executives on Social Media by  - 
 The Social Networking Monopoly by  - 
 The Backlink Debate: Should you focus on thousands of links or a few quality ones? By  - 
 Going to a Kaiser class to learn how to be a better parent, I am already the best dad so I hope this is not long.
 Got my book from  this morning! Thank you for your kind words. Recommend following her!  
 Meeting with Paul Stephan from Paramount Energy Solutions, fasting growing solar business in the US. - 
  meeting this morning, check out the Facebook Page here. - 
 That would be interesting. RT  Twitter competitor in the works?  
 Awesome video!!! RT  I Would Do Business With This Company  by  via  
 Have fun Hank! Wish i was there. RT  Speaking to CafeNet tomorrow morning on How to Rise Above the Crowd. 
  will do! I will see you soon! Thanks again for hosting the   last night!
 Missed u there!  sorry 2 miss it RT       Thx...
  Thanks! It was great meeting u & seeing your place! I'll b back soon! Glad u joined the  Chamber!
 U 2! RT  Enjoyed talking w/     during 
  thank u for hosting the  tonight! Great location and event by  
 5 Steps to Generate Demand with Content Marketing - 
 There is a  tonight  in  at 7pm. Stop by or sign up here. - 
 Meeting with Chris Dancy to go over my overall business process for 
  Matching your prospects needs to your product or service capabilities will help you close more sales.
 HubSpot Webinar this morning for agency training. - 
 Working with A Touch of Understanding's board tonight to help them Identify their Taget Audience. - 
  Be curious & fascinated by your prospect's business & dreams.   - 
 Twilight Game Scam Spreading on Facebook [WARNING] - 
 April eNewsletter! Awesome deal! April Showers Brings May Flowers  via 
 Going to the  class today to better my business,  - 
 Keep up on  by checking out  News page. - 
 Shopping with my family, preparing for healthy eating! ( Sprouts Farmers Market) 
 At home watching church! Not feeling well so we all stayed home to watch church, the Rock of Roseville 
 Just got Zaya's pic taken with the Easter Bunny! ( Sunrise Mall Food Court) 
 Wow! Just saw Soul Surfer. Awesome story about not giving up. Thank you for not quitting  You 
 RT  RT  gd  Tweeters!     (cont) 
 Thank u! RT  Thx Emmalia RT  Good  Tweeters!    
 Thank u! RT  Good  Tweeters!       
 Check out  book on Social Media Case Studies. Want to know if Social Media works. Buy it and support Japan. 
  you are very welcome. Hope it helped.
  Great job with all the multi-media for  If u can connect this week let me know.
  thanks for inviting us to  Had to go to the kids room. Let me know when u can meet up this week.
  we have connect this week. We had to take our son upstairs. Let me know when u r available this week.
 Have u ever had a day when u woke up late, ran late to everything and nothing works out the way u want? That's me 
 Thinking about holding Social Media Marketing workshops on Thursday nights covering 10 different professions. Interested?
  looking forward to the announcement.
  my last recommendation for today.  I don't know her other than on here but she seems to be active & has fun. Good people!
 Welcome. Looking forward to it! RT   thanks for  bud.  see you real soon
  You should all follow  She is the best hair stylist in  Cut my hair 2 weeks ago and I still get compliments.
  I would highly recommend you follow  He is a marketing guru for  Awesome man!
 My  recommendation is for  They are a non-profit in  working towards ending Sex Trafficking in 
 TY 2! RT  TY! RT   Rockin   &  Great to meet 
 TY!! RT   Rockin  yesterday put on by  &  Great to meet 
  Chamber Ambassador meeting 
 Small group this morning at  in  Covering the book of Romans.
  yes we will be there at the 9:45 service Sunday. 
 Thanks for inviting me. It was fun. Glad it was such a great turnout! RT  Best  yet!!!!!!!!!!
  I did not get a chance to meet you at the  but I read your about.me & would like to learn about your startup.
 Im going! RT  It's coming up soon, have you RSVP'd for the next  April 12th at  
 Just met an amazing photographer at the  Charlton Churchill. Check out his site 
 Wow! Lots of people  for the  Pretty cool place.
  Chamber  Brown Bag Seminar on April 7th, Marketing on a Shoestring Budget: Advertising, Networking and 
  Business Tweet Up today at 6pm at deVerde Irish Pub on L Street.
  blog post on Strategic Networking Plan, helping you with your offline networking.  check it out! 
 Meeting with Leannart Thronros from Leadership Management Insitute  in 
 New blog post for WinMar Solutions, posted every Wednesday.  New series today, Identify Your Target Audience. 
 Coaching meeting with Joye Satariano today at Old Soul in Sacramento.
 Just hear  talk about  at the  Business Summit.
 Just listened to  about  Great tips and info.
 6 Common Email Marketing Mistakes Small Businesses Make: 
 At the  Business Summit, listening to the Constant Contact Rep from  Are you using eMail Marketing for your business?
 Business Summit tomorrow from 10am to 1pm at Sunset Whitney Country Club in 
  Educational Excellence Foundation board meeting today.
  Zaya wearing daddy's hat.
  we did not get there until 11am. I did not wake my wife and son in time. We missed you by a little bit.
 Visited  in the Video Cafe, it was really a great relaxed atmosphere. Thanks   and  for inviting me!
 Check this out! RT  The west-coast Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via  
 Good ? RT  Is Marketing the New Customer Service or Is Customer Service the New Marketing? ...
