 Nothing that’s worthwhile is ever easy. Remember that.  .....---
 Great! (watching Catch Me If You Can) 
 Lol I know those shades are uglyRT   I'm dissing everything. Lol! You look a HOT mess.
 Lol u dissin my shades?RT   You couldn't get any lamer though. Lol! Smh.
 Lol 
 This is what it looks like Marilyn monroe's dress I was hoping for a thong though  
 I was just awarded the "Romance Rookie" badge at 
 Def a old movie (watching Gone With the Wind) 
 Nobody touch my boys lol 
 The Marilyn Monroe Statue! 
 Lol at my glasses 
 Around sulking because I miss youRT   where u been
 Fuckin ayeRT  I'm too fine to be laying Down in bed alone
  I can help
 RT  Every artist was first an amateur, so don't be frustrated that you aren't the person you want to be. Evolution takes time.
 RT  If you don't think, you can't make good decisions 
 Jameson on rocks..........
 Say "Matt Summers"  Soundbar tonight for 4 free drinks ea. Before 11:30 tonight, or just free cover all night!
  see..... smh
  back to you
 I am the only of my kind.
  follow me
  no one important
 One of our grammar school friends checked me about talking to you hahaRT   lmao thanks...
 Cmon lets get it ;)RT  I really want this robe from fredricks :(
  look at this super dime here
 RT  Some of the shit these niggas be tweeting be having me thinking a female runs their account...
 Can u whistle working on railroad? And im down!RT   lol it ain't nice!!  lol..  ok, lets go to the A!
 RT  Time is a great healer
 Nice!RT  Oh my fudge!!  My nose is whistling everytime I inhale!  ;(
 Take meRT  Yes, yes yall!! I see a trip to Atlanta real soon!  ;)
 My shitRT  family guy .. most deff waitin for " robot chicken next !!!!
 RT   lives for the life-long sex that marriage provides.
 If I look stupid.... Its just a look lol
 If something's broke, fix it. If you don't know how, learn. If you're not willing to learn, don't complain abo… (cont) 
 Would you rather go to the past and experience those memories again? Or go to the future and see what's to come?  .....---
 Lol what I do lame?RT  This is y u don't go to the club wit male family ughhhh choosing 
 I am watching The Adjustment Bureau. 
 All it takes is one hug.One simple hug can save someone's life. .....---
 Great great movie (watching A Shine of Rainbows) 
  lol lets go to fuze it be popping too.
 
  hey how are u i seen u on my website bonbog so I was just saying hi
 This Strawberry Lemonade from Jamba Juice is the shit right now
 Life is like a beautiful melody only the lyrics are messed up.....---
 Nice (watching Cedar Rapids) 
 "Dont leave something good to see if you found something better, because when you realize you had the best, th… (cont) 
 Cedar Rapids finally! I bet this shit is funny
 Be strong now, because things will get better. It may be stormy now, but it can't rain forever.  .....---
 RT  I rather have a lot of money and one friend than be broke wit a lot of friends
 Lucky him shitRT  I guess I*ll jus end his bday nite wit a lil play time n put him 2 bed lol
 RT   I didn't know
 Lol just take care of me next yearRT   lmao i*m sorry I need a 9 month heads up
 RT  A real relationship Is 
 My birthday in nov RT  I gave him a child so does that count as a bday gift? No? I guess not...
 RT  Mfs was about to go crazy cuz twitter wasnt working! Wonder how many ppl threw they phones, got irra or caught a BF cuz ...
 Follow me on twitter  ill follow u back
  lol u sound like a old lady
  hey babe u ok?
 RT  You know your grown when u no longer hold a grudge toward a person that hurt u instead u pray for them and their ways!
 Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save  .....Will Smith
 Character is what you are. Reputation is what people think you are.  .....---
 Ok movie (watching Red Riding Hood) 
  damn all of those followers! Share some lol
 Laughter is timeless. Imagination has no age. And dreams are forever.  .....---
  thought u werent coming stayed at fuze...
 Vision, V Live and Fuze! "dash" is your password
  say "dash" at v live door for no cover and vip entry
  beauty
 Proverbs 18:12 ()
  did u find your phone?
 RT  People are quick to tell you what your doing wrong but when you do good they are hesitant to pat you on your back!!
 Come to SoundBar (226 w. Ontario) tonight and get free drinks and entry when u say "matt summers"  door!
  u must be from ireland because my penis is dubling lol I dont have any jokes im not a comedian
 A day without laughter is a day wasted  .....---
 I love this f'n song 
 I f'n love this song! 
 Watched 3 times funny as hell (watching Hall Pass (2011)) 
 I live for better days, laugh louder & love more before it's too late......---
 RT  you chasing that nigga and his name aint Benjamin Franklin 
  you didnt call me!
 Everyone deserves a second chance, even the ones who didn't deserve the first. .....---
 the hard part is not making a decision, it is living with it.....Victoria Holt
  "you must be from Ireland because my penis is Dubling" -Hall Pass lol
 A truly blind person is not one who cannot see but one who chooses not to......Tony Santos
 Watching Hall Pass!
 Funny (watching Big Mommas: Like Father, Like Son) 
 Terrible movie horrible acting not so good story (watching N-Secure) 
 Regreting is only a waste of time. if something happened,accept that it happened and there is nothing that ca… (cont) 
 Very good (watching Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen) 
 RT  I love hard!! 
 "Im not a star, somebody lied I got a pistol in the car, a .45" 
 Life is about changing for the better, to become the best. If you have to let go of some people along the way, go right ahead......---
 
 
 Im up thinking.... when my ass should be sleep
 
 
 
  <3
 I am watching Black Death. 
  hope u enjoyed your self
 They say i'm changing, but i'm actually just doing better......---
 MMA training start next week cant wait!
 It's not what people call you, it's what you answer to......---
 
 Kill the Irishman my favorite movie Long live 
 Favorite movie, his legend to the irish part of me! (watching Kill the Irishman) 
 Today, history will repeat itself. But you know what? This time, I'm ready......---
 Nice (watching Sanctum) 
 So many nice lookong ladies On Michigan Ave. smh lol
 I am watching Elephant White. 
 Happy 4th to everybody!
 I am watching True Grit (2010). 
 The wicked flee when none Persueth
 I'll keep living my life like it was yesterday until someone gives me a reason to look forward to tommorow.....---
 I am watching Avatar. 
 RT  Sometimes u have to experience the worst in order to appreciate the best ;)
 I was just awarded the "Comedy Fan" badge at 
 Greeeeaaat movie (watching Love & Other Drugs) 
 I was just awarded the "Short 'n Sassy" badge at 
 Weeeeak! (watching Spinning Into Butter) 
 People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but they will never forget how you made them feel -maya angelou
 Its hot as fuck today damn
 Come to Soundbar and Say "Matt Summers" at door for free cover and free drinks before 11:30!
 John 3:16-17 ()
 Watching this! (watching Beastly (2011)) 
 I am watching Legion. 
 As a kid, you can't wait to grow up. As an adult, you wish you were a kid again.....---
 Don't go out there and search, because you won't find it. Don't go sit there and wait, because it won't com… (cont) 
 My puppy  
 My puppy  
 I am watching The Score. 
 Man let me take u saturday RT  I'm taking myself on a date today ;)
  my favorite girl
 Oh yeah! (watching The Rite) 
 You may not end up where you thought you were going....but you will always end up where you were meant to be......---
 The brave don't live forever,but the cautious don't live at all......---
 Cupid please hear my cry and let your arrows fly, right to my lovers heart for me! Lol 
  lol he snapped he the new mj
 Saying God is Good is a understatement.... God Is Great
 2 Samuel 22:31 ()
 BET Awards was great  this year very entertaining
 Patti still cold lol
 I am watching The Core via  
  lol chew some gum then offer him a piece lol I do that 
 I've finally realized that I have to just learn from the past and know that change isn't always bad thing eve… (cont) 
 LolRT  Women always think they have haters but maybe people talk about u b/c u really are a f mess! 
 Tell em as a friendRT  I wonder if this guy knows his breath smells like shit! 
  goodnight
 
 RT   aw made you look you the slave to a page in my rhyme book, getting big money playboy yo times up 
 Everybody have a nice day, and be sure to keep God 1st
 I am watching Biutiful via  
  good mission cuzzo
 2 Corinthians 7:1 ()
 Foreal 
 "Money can destroy a friendship."
 Rolling with Amko Logo this dude funny as hell lol
 Im at Evil Olive's porn an chicken.... Nice
 Just bought some.. Diesel clothes, they cost a fucking grip
 Ima paper  chaser, and I need paper chasers on my team, its def time for a new team  
  u can do a split?
 Good shitRT  Have a two year plan! yayy mee :) feels good to be goal oriented. I am my number one priority 
 Cant wait to see tgis Immortals movie
 Getting ready, hope its good (watching Green Lantern via  
 I am watching Bridesmaids  via  
  :) thanks
  hope I feel better
 Happy Fathers Day to me and all others!!
 Lol I just seen someone try the bronxtale reach over and open the door thing lol def didnt work ha ha
 V Live...... Nuts right now say "Dash" for vip to clearly the best club in the city ;-)
  lol why so giggly
  what  up cuzzo?
 "Niggas with money aint got no time, niggas with time aint got no money" -Akon
 "I just dont give a fuck" -Eminem
 Come to Soundbar tonight and gain free drinks and free entry when u say "matt summers" at door before 1130
 Never regret what made you smile. Just learn from the tears that followed......---
  what up trice how ya day? I texted u a lil while ago
  thanks
 I be on that paper route
 Let go of the past.Enjoy your present and Fight for your future.....---
  u still on michigan ave?
 Happy B Day to Pac
 I hear its nice (watching Battle: Los Angeles via  
 "u never lose women chasing money, but u lose money chasing women" -Nas
  ill call u tomorrow lil sis
  lol I hear u, thats prob why I cant get u to let me take u out, still no phone call
  lol,well we can do somethin
  lol what u doing fri? Lets go see x men im off
  man what u want lil sis im watching a movie
 Lol RT  All the women tweetin Kellz songs would have loved to been one of the lucky GOLDEN SHOWER recipients
 Lol I betRT  Some women really need to do better .. its no reason public restrooms should look an… (cont) 
 Nice RT  Just got some fabulous Ray Bans from the eye doc .... I might wear my glasses more often after all ;)
 I bet u got a,monster then again u could be wrong lolRT  <<----I can tell just by looking at yo… (cont) 
 I think I wanna get back into boxing
 I am watching The Resident via  
 Psalm 18:1-2 ()
 1 of my favs (watching .45 via  
  whats dead bruh?
  what up pimp
  yoooo
 I am watching The Switch via  
 Pissed my apple sauce is froze
 My cuz Dominique Jones stunting with the championship 1st year in NBA 
 My lil cuzzo thats bigger than me "Dominique Jones" got a ring 1st year in the nba 
 My surviving puppies 
 Go Mavericks! Fuck heat
 Sooo ready to get off work I shouldnt have went to the club smh
 Leviticus 20:7-8 ()
  fuze next sat we can go
  I can lol
 RT  Twitter buzz for V Live:  - RT  Say "Dash" at door for free cover at V Live  ...
 Say "Dash" at door for free cover at V Live and Vision tonight!
 My song! 
 Lol
 Come to Soundar and get free drinks and free entry when u say "matt summers" at door!
 1 John 3:2 ()
 Good morning America!
 I am watching City Island via  
 I love this "Casino Jack" Movie
  pit bull
 She had 6 so far RT   Super Cool!
 Yay my dog having the puppies now!
 "Same ole shit just a different day, out here tryna get it each and every way, mama need a house baby need som… (cont) 
 Let go of the past.Enjoy your present and Fight for your future.....---
 I am watching Casino Jack (2010) via  
 I was bored and took a pic of my self  
 I wanna see Cedar Rapids, looks funny, this Black Swan movie too might be good
 I am watching Cougars, Inc. via  
 life has a way of working things out for the best, but it takes its sweet time......
 "Hell yeah that cash is all a nigga bring up, what eva else out of tune like a bad singa (singa)"
 Real hustlers dont feel a vacation is needed til they are at the top, what a waste of time  lol
 Its hot as the devil's sauna outside
 "Everybody looking but blind to the fact" -Lil Wayne
 "Im really not impressed unless its about some dollar $igns" -Chamillionaire
 RT  You made your bed so lay in it!  ....
 Sometimes you have to be apart from the people you love, but that doesn't make you love them any less. Sometim… (cont) 
 Sometimes it takes being away from someone for a while to realize how much you really need them......---
 Lets see if this is hot! (watching La Mission via  
  just chillin play girl, laugh how to say hi more often
  lol yezzir, what up Samone
 I just want a person to come into my life and make me say Wow! instead of Why?.....---
  lol true ;-)
  get rich and marry  lol
 Lol I was most def the same wayRT   Barely LOL ...
 I am watching The Mechanic via  
  :) u getting the hang of it lol
  lol im almost possitive its me
 Everything happens for a reason. Maybe you don't see the reason right now, but when it is finally revealed..it will blow you away......---
 1st time I	been up this early with good energy since I was like 5
  eew
  u came up lol
  im about to type midgets on pornhub.com lol I wonder if anything comes up
 Call me RT   im going to vegas in two weeks for my best friend birthday I know its about to be just
  I still never been to miami or vegas im going to both this summer
 Plus im glad u had a greeeeaaattt time! RT   RT i got u but Miami was greatttttttttttttttt (tony tiger voice) lol
  lol  RT   RT i got u but Miami was greatttttttttttttttt (tony tiger voice) lol
 Call meRT   im good how r u?
  im cool how was miami?
  just making sure u good
  hey chocolate how u been?
 For vip entry at v live or vision tonight say "Dash"
 Sup lil cuz I been just working u?RT   wat u been up to man? I been chillin cuz u?
  yooooo whats good bro
 Goodmorning beautiful people!
 I should be sleep I have ti work at 7 grrrr
 I should be sleep and im not even home yet smh
  and I go to day job at 7 lol
 Soundbar tonight say "matt summers" for free cover!
 I am watching The Spy Next Door via  
 I know this will be good (watching The American via  
 "You dont have to call, its ok girl cause Im gone be alright tonight" -Usher
 Romans 5:8 ()
 I've been through a lot of crap in my life, but I've learned it's better to smile through it than frown upon it......---
 "i fill her bottom lips no conversation, I put it down and make her shake like she dehydrated (ceasure)"
 how did i become such an hypocrite? giving advice and telling people what they should do when i can't even fix my own life?.....--- goodone
 Had fun?
 I don't consider my past full of regrets, I consider it full of lessons I've learned......---
  I like it so far lol!
 I am watching Drive Angry via  
  lol but how was I slippin? Whats up?
 I am watching Chicago Overcoat via  
 RT  If you only do what you know you can do- you never do very much...
  how?
 Romans 5:1 ()
 I wanna see thatRT  We at king of diamnonds  lol u only live once right 
 Sometimes, the most important thing you'll need to know, is how to be your own best friend.....---
 I am watching I Am Number Four via  
 I am watching The Dilema via  
 "when I had her I dogged her betovened her, now that she gone I cant get over her" :-p
  I want to marry Britney Spears
 I've learned that life is a book, every day is a new page, every month is a new chapter, and every year is a new series......---
 Nice movie (watching Marmaduke via  
 I love you more retarded little sisterRT   Aha (: wteva I love you shaw-tayyy.
 "U dont have to be rich to be my girl, u dont have to be cool to rule my world" lol it came on this movie im watching
 I am watching Gulliver's Travels (2010) via  
  when I hit u, u will worry if your eye is ever going to open again
  im going to hit u in the eye
 Its hard to give up something you've always wanted.....---
 Take control of your emotions, before your emotions take control of you......Scott Dye
 I am watching Street Kings 2: Motor City  via  
 Hate life with aint right with out her, still love days but I hate nights with out her smh
 Is it me or does Facebook IM on Android suck? Every one that Imed me the last few days didnt ignore I just didnt know u sent em
 He who is not busy being born, is busy dying
 I am watching It's Kind of a Funny Story via  
 I am watching The Green Hornet via  
 Come to soundbar tonight and get free drinks and free entry when you say "matt summers" at door!
 I love my life. No matter it's good or bad, I know God is always with me, and that's more than enough!.....---
  lol whats your name?
  lol how?
 I am watching I Love You, Man via  
  yes
 So my cousin Dominique Jones and Dallas Mavericks, is going to kick heat ass! Fuck the bulls they fucked up my free championship tickets! jk
 I am watching RED via  
 2 Peter 3:9 ()
 
 Deuteronomy 32:4 ()
 "number 1 hustler, homes is about it" -Jay- Z
 Hebrews 12:1-2 ()
 When people disappoint you, just look at God. You'll find something you can't find from this world......Wilson Kanadi
 I am watching Roots via  
 Piece of shit movie (watching The Roommate via  
 And i'll never hesitate to keep on walking, because after every storm will always come the sun. .....---
 I am watching Roots via  
 You may kill the dreamer, but you will never destroy the dream .....---
 Come to Soundbar tonight! (226 w. Ontario) Say "Matt Summers" for free drinks and free cover before 11:30
 Whatever you do, good or bad, people will always have something negative to say......---
 After this im going to bed (watching My Best Friend's Girl via  
  when?
  call me
 Spend your time with who makes you happy, not who you have to impress......---
  do I have your number?
 WESTSIDE!
 RT  Bitches Fake Organisms, Like Niggas Can Fake A Whole Relationship!
 When you judge someone else, It doesn't define who they are, It defines who you are. .....---
  lol need to do dinner!
  lol its your fault smh
 "Honesty is Key"
 
 You know something is wrong, when you can't remember the last time you were truly happy.....---
 Romans 8:29 ()
 Forget about "what if" and pay attention to "what is." .....---
 Carry yourself like a queen and you'll attract a king. .....---
 Lol (watching No Strings Attached via  
 Don't judge a book by its cover. Because what you see on the outisde, could be a whole different story on the inside.....---
 Psalm 130:5 ()
 See yourself through the eyes of those that love you. You'll find those eyes are much less judgmental. .....---
 Wishing to change the past is only wishing to change who you are now.....---
 Matthew 5:23-24 ()
 You are what you are today, because of the decisions and the choices you made yesterday .....--- sad but true
 Cmon titty pop out!
 U should be at Soundbar rightnow! If not hurry up! Say "matt summers" for free entry! All night
 Every night,SOMEONE thinks about you before they go to sleep.....---
  what up with this twitter name
 A smile from you can bring happiness to anyone,even if they don't like you......---
 Talk slowly but think quickly.....---
 I am watching Oz, Losing Your Appeal (S02E04) via  
 Great and true record 
 I am watching Little Fockers via  
 John 14:2-3 ()
 I am watching My Own Love Song via  
 I am watching Chain Letter (2010) via  
 Life: Every second gives you a chance to turn it all around... and every second is a chance for it all to be taken away. .....---
 Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there
 RT             ...
 Love deeply and passionately. You might get hurt but it's the only way to live life completely......---
 Free Drinks and Free Entry tonight at Soundbar If you Say  "Matt Summers" before 11:30
 I am watching Sex Drive via  
 Give people more than they expect and do it cheerfully. .....---
 Psalm 135:5-7 ()
 I was just awarded the "Action Fan" badge on  
 Cant wait! (watching Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End  via  
  (cough cough) liar!
 Go Bulls!!
 Proverbs 18:10 ()
  yay!!
  tomorrow I'll get text?
  I would if I could, and same question goes for u
  u go to bed!!!
 Want to become a club promoter in the top club Chicago? Go to  and fill out app
 Don't believe all what you hear, spend all you have or sleep all you want......---
 We all have problems; the way we solve them is what makes us different. .....---
  well ignore insted of being disrespectful. Thank you
 You may shoot me with your words,You may cut me with your eyes,You may kill me with your hatefulness, But stil… (cont) 
 Want to become a club promoter in the top club Chicago? Go to  and fill out app
 RT  Can't get upset, just make tomorrow better.
 FREE ENTRY TO ALL OF MY PARTIES 
 I trust Lions gate with movies dont fuck it up! (watching Husk via  
  huh?
 Follow her»»»» 
 Hope its good smh (watching Jonah Hex via  
 Friends is not the people who act true to your face. Its  the people who remain true behind your back......---
 Isaiah 1:18 ()
 FREE ENTRY AT V LIVE!! TONIGHT!! SAY "DASH" AT DOOR FOR NO COVER!! 
 FREE ENTRY AT V LIVE!! TONIGHT!! SAY "DASH" AT DOOR FOR NO COVER!! 
 FREE ENTRY AT VLIVE! TONIGHT! CHECK 
 Want to become a club promoter in the top club Chicago? Go to  and fill out app
 I am watching The Wire, Took (S05E09) via  
 FREE ENTRY AT V LIVE!! TONIGHT!! SAY "DASH" AT DOOR FOR NO COVER!! 
