 We made it!  I am in the preregistration room for Comic-Con 2012, and just found out we will get a 4day pass!
 RT  No line for Hall H.  
 RT   We have more  T-Shirts for you! Win them now! The 20th-30th  will win! That's right, 11 WINNERS! 
 At one of my favorite restaurants  great food, fabulous value, and awesome service!
 Wishing the wonderful professionals  a great program this year! Look forward to working with you again soon.
 Find us.  Share us.  Like us.  We help you bring a better balance to life.  You can also visit our website... 
 Busy day today, scooter is back for Spring Training!  Then tonight we say goodbye to a great friend. Fun start...not so fun ending.
 RT  In a business setting, people may feel disrespected and perhaps think you don't value their time if you take calls  ...
 RT  Hubble Spots Oldest Galaxy Ever Seen  
 Wishing all a wonderful day, filled with loved ones and many moments of Thanks!
 RT  Bring a canned food item for charity on Tuesday 11/23 and get 50% off a single ICE! tix! 
 Congratulation  and welcome to Twitter!  Looking forward to your tweets.
 RT  Florida has the longest coastline in the contiguous United States encompassing approximately 1,350 miles
  My  guess for today's clue is: business.  Get your chance at Microsoft Office Pro from Staples!
  International Pin Expo today till 11 pm and tomorrow from 11 am to 11 pm.
 The International Pin Expo at the Ramada Orlando Resort  near  Collectibles, Pins, Artwork, Magic, Comics
  the International Pin Expo in the Ramada Orlando Resort on 192 across from  FREE ADMISSION!
 Welcome Florida Realtors to Rosen Shingle Creek!
 FREE ADMISSION to the www.InternationalPinExpo.com Stop by for a huge selection of collectibles and pins. 11am to 11pm thru Sunday.
 RT  Small Business Tax Deductions - Top 5 
 RT  Mark your calendars! Registration opens Aug. 24-25 for next  at Nov. 1 shuttle launch. 
 WDW has announced that the Main Street Electrical Parade has benn extended indefinately and Thursday prices increase - get your tkts now.
 Supporting the arts in Lake County, supports growth and opportunity for business. A quality way of life is what we can acheive with a balan…
 RT  Congrats to the Old Hickory Steakhouse winner of Wine Spectator Magazibne's 2010 Award of Excellence! 
 Happy Anniversary to the love of my life and best friend! 4 short years and a lifetime of memories! I Love You more each day!
  America Ranks No. 1 in Travel + Leisure's World's Best - fares from $33!   LET'S TRAVEL!!
 RT  The Downtown Arts District needs your vote to receive a grant from Chase Community Giving! Vote by 7/12  . ...
 Only one weekend left to catch the hilarious comedy Noises Off in Clermont  . Visit www.moonlightplayers.com for tickets.
 Only two weekends left to make it out to Clermont's  for a hearty laugh - Noises Off!
 RT  The 42nd different fan to tweet  to  gets a $50 gift certificate to  GO GO GO!!
 Happy Father's Day! Best wishes for wonderful memories today and always!
  Clermont - Great entertainment = Noises Off. See what happens when things don't go as planned or rehearsed! 352-319-1116
 RT  Educate yourself: Follow the link to read about the effects a tropical storm or hurricane can have on the Gulf Oil... http: ...
 For a great laugh, Moonlight Player's Production (Clermont) is a MUST SEE! (352) 319-1116 for ticket information.
 RT  Almost to 7000 followers. Probably last day to enter to win great Disney books - details here 
 Thank you  and  for a great event and entertainment tonight!
 Going to enjoy an evening at Hard Rock Live Orlando with 
 Congrats to Bryan Ehrenholm for his raisin pie at the APC Great American Pie Festival! www.thelunchpail.com
 It's Great American Pie weekend in Celebration. All you can buffet,, and much more - Sunday starting at noon.
 RT  Upcoming event: Sister Hazel - 4/24/2010  
 Under the weather, way too much pollen this year...but too much to do - no rest for the weary!
  Please  “Enter me in Disney’s California F&W Festival Sweepstakes.”
 Sharing Good Friday dinner with my sweetie  - we love this place!
  enjoy all the City Beautiful has to offer! Enjoy your visit!
 Need a good laugh this weekend? Come to Clermont for Neil Simon's The Odd Couple, see www.moonlightplayers.com for tickets & directions.
 Beautiful Fllorida Saturday! Winter Parks Arts Festival, Theme Parks, Spring Training, and Odd Couple in Clermont tonight! Get out & enjoy!
 A great new option for direct West Coast travel - Welcome Virgin America to Orlando 
 is very excited that the website is complete!  Check it out at www.ousleycs.com
  Great job Sunday night! I did miss the full song, but the flow and set made for a wonderful production. Party was big success
 Steel Magnolias audience participation, tonight at 7pm, Montverde, FL. See www.communityartsconnection.com for information and tickets.
 RT  MegaCon/ Hall Hours: Friday, 3/12 - 1 p.m. - 7 p.m.; Saturday, 3/13 - 10 a.m. - 6 p.m.; Sunday, 3/14 - 10a-5p
 RT  Are you hosting or attending an Oscar watching party tonight? We are hosting a viewing party tonight, best of luck!
 Great Date night in Montverde with South Lake Theatre Company's Steel tonight at 8pm & Sunday at 2pm!
 Alice in Wonderland is receiving great reactions at AMC Pleasure Island 24.
 Getting ready for Steel Magnolias presented by Community Arts Connection in Montverde, starting tomorrow at 7pm.
 How appropriate that opening day for  is the Anniversary of The Star Spangled Banner as our National Anthem. Good luck Braves!
 RT  “Come Celebrate With Us”. It’s our diamond anniversary celebration of Florida-grown strawberries, Mar 4-14.
 RT  Come to "Steel Magnolias" Thursday, March 4 at 7 pm through March 14 at 2 pm. The CAC of South... 
 RT  Question of the week: What's your favorite line from Steel Magnolias? 
 RT  On this day in 1819 Spain sold Florida to the United States for $5 million.
 RT  An official reopening date has been set for ‘Captain EO’ Featuring Michael Jackson 
 RT  Single Game Tix go on sale WED, FEB. 24 at 10 a.m.! Opening Day is April 5!  4 info!
 RT  Dale Carnegie tells us that the sweetest sound to a person's ear is the sound of their own name.
 RT  Lookin for somethin to do tonight? Visit  tonight in Downtown Disney to see Flogging Molly at 7pm!
 RT  Hidden Mickey in Florida Countryside - OK, you’ve heard of ‘em - Hidden Mickey’s that Disney... 
 RT  In less than 24 hours we have climbed 10 spots up the ladder - Please Vote!! 
 RT   STS-131 launch now targeted at 6:27a ET April 5. It will be a night launch before sunrise.
 RT  Festival of Chocolate coming to Orlando Science Center March 6-7 - chocolate tastings, workshops & more 
 RT  Sad: One less light: OS's Elizabeth Maupin calls it quits: 
 RT  New History Center exhibit features costumes from Star Trek, Wizard of Oz, Indiana Jones & Batman 
 RT  "WINEFEST XX!" Friday, 2/19 at 10:00 am until <br />Sunday, 2/21 at 5:00 pm. Friday, February... 
 Wishing you a Wonderful Valentine's Day!
 RT  will be giving away 3 sets of 2 tickets to the SLTC's Production of Steel Magnolias (March... 
 RT  People are like diamonds. We have a basic market value that increases whenever we are polished.
 RT  Ten Things Every Grown-Up Needs To Know: 
 I just changed my life using Digsby!  Check it out - 
