 Success is what I think about. .
 Been around the block a few times, have lifted all kinds of weights, and still no one uses me properly.. the life of an unused weight bench
 High key ish sis RT  Lol watching Sanford and Son...dis shyt low-key funny
  "That Good" by the big homie  and  (these two fellas inspired an incredible weekend) sniff sniff
 Por que?? Btw you get mad love in Canada brah RT  Dan Bought Me A Bong For This Last Week Of Tour. His Names Trey Bongs
 RT  Listening to this album makes me wanna smoke backwoods and sip lean all day with the ac on high 
  Roy better get something done here in chicago big moe, otherwise we might look pretty sorry
 No need to start now, keep your lungs pink as long as you can RT   I've never been high in my life >_<
 Woke up like a star, good morning world. . A good day is to come to my family and my girl
 ATL to Tdot RT  Taken my cousin to Tdot with me this nigga so hype...He has no idea what he about to see! stright Old Nat nigga..
 This is the life. . The high kind of life
  l i q u o r
 Heard Detroit has some decent fire water spots. So my michigan folks where they be at??
 Will do, next year you're coming with RT   be safe my dear! :-)
 Rollin to Toronto bumpin' that  Perfect riding music
 503.. 502 and I love it
 Where you gonna be at this weekend Uncle  and will I smell the stickiest of the ickiest close by?
  how about Scotty nooo :-)
  str8 up? for who??
 Done & Done! RT  Yeah Mon!! Bring Yo Lighter Flashlight To It!! We Might End Up Breaking The Law Breaking The Law lol
 yeah  It's about time for another, riii mon?
  is trending? I feel a  coming soon hmmmmm... .. .
 The first leg of the Toronto roadtrip is finished.. piece of cake 
 RT  Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
 RT  Check out my dude  rocking  right now!
 This will be the best cut I get for an extended time to come..  
 I never felt higher. . Today I'm in the mid-midwest, Champaign/Chicago. Tomorrow I'm in the north midwest, T.Dot, Canada.
 Let this  just play while I rest.. peace
 RT  Smoking some type of sticky shit with cuz 40 cal. Big ups 
 For the true purple/blue chiefers RT  Never Felt Higher feat Rich Hil (Produced By Chemist) by Shye  
 Lavish Dreams x Addictions (Hosted by DJ illl Will & DJ Rockstar)by   via  < For the self-determined
  young crescent!
 Notice those new songs you were humming today, thank the dj for spinnin' em!
 Watch those play counts rise in your itunes fuckin' around with 
 RT  I'm finally awake. OMG last night was great < < < Agreed, I witnessed you have a blast lol
 RT  Breaking The Law Breaking The Law!!!
 "Tell her to use her hands like she playin on the cello, booty bouncing, damn, like Im fuckin on some jello!" global like outstretched hands
  ill note your level of excitement when I tell her you said happy bday lipz lol
 Wish I was at the waterpark with moms right now, eating elephant ears and celebrating 52 strong years of life. Happy Bday to you ma!
 RT  Shye's mixtape is on  but it's also available for free download.   at noon pacific time for the  ...
 Nahhhh you gotta work bro! Carribana coming up sooner than you think cuz! RT  My bed calling me!! Damn its been a long day...mmmm
 Ima need a personal fif everytime I step foot in fat city. . Muggs ran out of my drank
  honestly I haven't been following much, so I'm not sure at the moment what their problem is right now hahaa
  I fuggs with the sox all day, I could careless for the cubs. But detroit finally giving somebody some competition?
  you know I try to keep it fresh, and unexpected when it comes to these foreign languages haha
 Mas Amigos con mis amigos
  hola poopook.f., how are you virtually doing?
 RT  RT   Shye - Global 
 drinkin' Coke n' Henny for  tonight since he can't make it to  at Fat City. . get out here boiy!
  you better pub my nigga  haha
 Get EXCITED!!    droppin' for my OG bday  supporters for life
 T.Dot in T -minus- 3 days
 Today has been a great kind of day, thanks to all who made it possible :-)
 God is truly amazing
 Taking a shit during a thunderstorm...  Good morning everyone!
 People talk plenty until they get in your presence.. then silence falls like the second after prayer starts
 Why thank you  RT  cool pic lol
 "I'm in the zone, they keep on getting offended.  But I aint' did nothing wrong, but tighten up on my business"
 I wish I had   back in fitted cap wearing days.. I've had too many girls wear my hats and not give me my hats back haa
 The race to the finish line is filled with many potholes.. Take the time to stop and fill a few for those new to the journey. Keep inspiring
 I've been up since 2am.. aiye-yi-yi today will be a long, but good one
 goodnight family/friends. . It's that perfect time to _____. peace
   - Only 3 days away! Closer than distant family is to a reunion
 RT  Some good as head would put me to sleep right now
 Part 2 of the IP Man series w/ 
 RT  naw u cant hit da drank hoe I cant go
 The world's 2nd hottest pepper will compliment the shit out of this chili today  T&T
 The rain was much needed.. let the earth drink
  have a safe flight and a balla ass trip CCC
  many great things!
 can't wait til' my old lady arrives :-).. been wait'n to see her pretty lil' self for a while
 RT  7 days until  
 Harveyworld, here I come!
 Finito
 7 days until  I'm getting stoked!
 I'm use to driving around trying to find the right sight.. and everytime I set out on a journey I find it
 You hung up the high top nikes??? Bout time boiii! RT  No Hoop Session Today Fo
 That sounds about righ lol RT  Tryna go skinny dippin!
 Funny how the conversations we (smokers) compose have so much more meaning than most of the dialogue I have with those that do not partake.
 If you knew it, would you make me one? RT  What the fuck is the krabby patty formula!
 Chan chan. . Yes I am C E W B A N
 Smoking out the wrong end of a stogie 
 Hottt ( son's voice) 
 RT  Bye bye champaign I shall be back next week! Lol Bump every Thursday... It's Every Monday! Hello?? Roll Tide!  ...
 She still makes my heart flutter. . . A lover's delight
 Good morning world! I had a nice time yesterday, let's keep the great times rolling as well as that other ish :-) chea
 You did good ant RT  Knicks Vs Heat series 2-0   what's good  u can't stop me even if u stopped me!!  Lol
 3 letters, 3 words interchangeable at times
 Happy as can be, I love kicking it with my peeps.
 Y'all come to party, I come to motivate. 
  v.2 of Sex On Fire - Kings Of Leon  ooh yea
 New, crispy phone on deck. Wonder how long before it hits the ground
 Vapir shit RT  Maugs was really tweakin last night.     and keiron cousin.
 Document it! RT  Food run.
 Patron Bros. Inc.
 RT   thank you budda!!! << my pleasure homie!
 Keep smoking good RT   I just smoked my Rocky Patel Cigar, consider this 
  Yoooo Happy Birthday duuuuude! (A. Kutcher voice)
 "This some smooth shit. .  As I light up the last of my Cohiba cigar, yea.."
 93K!
 Smoke well my friends, I know Cohiba will 
  I tell em time after time, that time don't wait for nobody.. we gotta shine
 You're the business baby RT  " If I needed a ride, who would give me one?" If its any consolation, I would :-)
 You're awesome sis RT  me of course RT“ If I needed a ride, who would give me one?”
 If I needed a ride, who would give me one?
 RT  Every Thursday!    
 Café y puros.. wish I had a beef sandwich to top off the hunger I'm experiencing (hint hint)  lol
 I don't need to go out or far away to have a good time. The things that are close to me tend to give me the most excitement in life.
  go to your account settings and upload a picture. you can swap the background too. I know you're tired of the egg by now lol
 2 weeks bro!  RT  14 days... 
  what you talkin bout cuzzo, a truck?
 As of right now for me 'no ceilings' has 'SFTW' by the nuts RT  "No Ceilings" or "Sorry For The Wait" ??
 Lighters and matches have failed me in my past, but never does the smoke envoke failure
 Have a great day mi familia. Relax and find yourself
 'seeing my angel fall fast asleep made my heart sing, dance, & leap' gn love
 I won't stop cleaning until everything smells like pinesol
 RT  I'm Somewhere Chilling, Staying Away From Fake Shit.
 This is some decent weather.. I can deal with this
 RT  Today will be a great day! I know it. :-)
 On a good night, I'm ending on a good note. Adios
 S/o to my bro  for the draft! I'm messy tonight hahaaha
 RT  All I need is good music and a drank shout out to  & 
 Chea chea chea RT  Is anyone even going out? Lol
 Sleepy
 This week is dedicated to Habanos
 work is knocked/kicked/shoved out of the way..  time to digress
 I'm at  at  tonight. What you on??  on the 1's & 2's boii
 2 trains!!
 I love knocking out work early in the morning, sets the day up so nicely.
 Slept half of the way, but I finally made it back. Goodnight
  I need to practice somemore shiddd lol
 Gracias amiga RT  Aye  to  Just cause he is a great friend :-)
 We hittin that dry air soon! RT   i have not given up on Canada! I'm soooo close to going! Lol
 See you soon Chambana
 I been laughin eva since boi RT  The Boi Say He Allergic To Onions But Wanna Order Onion Rings  
 At my local gas station bumping Maybach Music (Part III)   I love my life
 It's hot everywhere today except the morgue, homes with central air, the icebox, and luxury car owners with a/c infused seats
 I'm touching skies, no puffin' la
 RT  Let the good times roll... 
 WELCOME BACK!!! not like Ma$e though, but welcome back  ! ! ! we working! ( voice) 
 Yo brother  we have another Canada Lover! RT   I'm going to canada with you and keiron. Save room.
 A small piece of my soul just departed from me.. but it felt like awesomeness
  what up cuz?!
  Im on my 27th time saying Cohiba, still no show. I think you're all talk! Haha
  your threats leave me in laughter cuz
 It's the big Opus smoking, Henn dogg pouring. .
  don't hate, you're on vacation! We despise you a tad too right now lol
 Comedy, sheer comedy lol RT  Fell going up the stairs this morning. Hard. I think I broke my toe. Ooouucchhhh.
 Had me in tears my nigga RT   bro...  ain't never have us rolling like that yesterday tho hahaha
 My eyes look like slightly opened venetian blinds
 20 days left until I'm back on Canadian soil enjoying multiple cultures and endless festivities 
 Sí, mi amiga RT   in Tornonto?
 Slow Grind.. Great things takes time
 Or stronger and or wiser than before RT  RT  What doesn't kill you just leaves you hurt and or really pissed off.
 Toronto at the end of July Kimmster?? RT  Jux got my Passport. 
 Reggae bumping through my streets, wish I was with my  right now enjoying the breeze. That would be the bees knees
  
  The Maximum... Feeling good like I should
 I haven't laughed this hard in ages
 Spazzmatic shit   tune in!!!
 Yooo check my nigga  out on  if you in Chicago right now! 
   "The Maximum" in  good music in here tonight 
 How could I forget! we are thinktanks! RT   remember i made that hook for the maximum at your apt in champaign manye
 "so save all of that clever shit, just do as you're told.. now you on some clever shit"
 C  I  G  A  R  S    O  N  L  Y    S  M  O  K  E  D   H  E  R  E
 I can't wait for this joint to hit the streets! s/o   Shye x Rich Hil (Studio Footage)  via  rt!”
 Now light that bitch up, crank that bitch up & Let's Ride!   
 I light up the track, then react
 Thank God Almighty (MLK voice) RT  Free at last!!!!!
 talk that talk sis! RT  She doesn't use her love to make him weak, she uses love to keep him strong...
 RT   <<< are fuggin awesome! Right Uncle 
 RT  Im sorry but a woman that knows how to roll up is one of The Sexiest things to me....
  haha I won't miss anymore 20's today
  well I can't speak on the time changes cuz! Now that's just too much to ask for haha
 Cierto! RT   OMG you can't hoop.. cut it out
 Look at the time... make it do what it do
 Muh Fukka, I'm on
   23 days remaining to the date! It's going down
 I have some great friends.. Who I believe will end up doing great things.. but then there were the rest
  good call, I went to a sammie place next door instead. Half the sandwich and twice the quality at the same price
 I'm starting to ask more questions, even if people don't have answers.
 I'm in line now! SmhlolRT  Sometimes when u try to be cheap u aren't satisfied...S/O to the nasty subway that just ripped off my life
 How hot is shit? 94 degrees? RT  Hot as shit outside
 How about a footlong sammie followed by a footlong stogie
 Foriegn films until I get sleepy.. that's the move
  I'm in champaign, doing my get right thang. what you on playa
 this is an amazing feeling.. let's take it to the 10th power
 The fireworks have been sparkling long before today
 Big screen outside, 7 stogies lit, friends laughing.. I'm good
 any spanish wiz's in chambana? I could use one right about now
 Mom's bday! Aye RT  Oh I almost made a mistake and pasted the link to   July 26th
 Pullin into Chambana blowing good and bumping my nig  and Sir Michael Rocks "Picture Me" 
 I hope you step your game up! RT  Finna Hoop!
 Wish I could stay but there is work 2 bedoneRT  “ Adios Harvey, see you soon Chambana”<<NOOO DON'T LEAVE ME :(
 Adios Harvey, see you soon Chambana
 Today is a new day, the beginnings of a new week, and the start of a fresh life.  kind of spirit
 burning[1].4.every[1]
 Luckily I have a 5 point harness system for when it really gets crazy outchea..
 This weekend has been an emotional roller coaster.. extreme highs, twisting turns, and unexpected lows. That's the thrill of a coaster tho
 RT  cold towel.. old school
 I appreciate it mentee sir RT  Just passed the funeral home, shout to 
 But only lit half the black  RT   the one where he just bought that black cuz he was old enough? Lol
 Reminded of how I use to have fun.. I'm resorting back to that
 Lmfao looking at video from our trip to Carbondale back in 08  and 
 Good morning, time to wax the whip and take it for a Sunday morning spin
 Slammed some triple chocolate cake after an all out great meal.... enjoying the fam and this stogie in the midst of the sun's extremes
 Thank you for coming out to the parade 
 If you are in Harvey around 10 AM feel free to come check out 
  yesssssssss
 What about 2 or 3 cuzzz RT  Keep one roooooollllleeedddd
 Coffee and a stogie when all else fails, falls, or flees.
  aight BiG R.c. lol
 Family Reunion cracking off today.. This should be full of fun and laughs.
 Ooo weee, That felt good..
 RT  Lights just went out in harvey
  How much money will Illinois see? It doesn't seem like much with Gov. Quinn making such huge budget cuts.  Truly unbelievable
  gotcha!  RT  im followin u mr fall me bck
 storm is a brewing
 Out of classes early.. nearing that time to hit the road
 Red, green, yellow & black..
 May as well get up and stretch these legsticles
 goodnight ye good fellows, may the sun rise in you tomorrow as you wake even if tomorrow's forecast foresees some rain
 One inch ashes on these dutch masters
 IP Man 2: The Legend of the Grandmaster
 /Life is good\ /just like it should\ now I can build on that
 It will all be said and done soon.. then what? Life moves on
 The world does seem small when you are constantly making connections RT   the world is toooo small i tell ya
  nah, you got the right cat. That's my family til the end
  chea, that is the govt. name
  Instead of a good morning, I sent you gooood music :-) happy hump day fam
 Feels like I'm floating through time when I turn up Shye - 6AM all the way and vibe out.. incredible
 read, love, think, enjoy, speak, conquer, cherish, study, devote, encourage, listen, thrilll, be ahead of the curve, be strong, and stand!!!
 Lil porgys smelling good in my backseat.. let's try this bbq thing again
 RT  be the hardest working person that youve ever met...
  I bet that perry's version is killin lowkizzle
 HOW MANY times is the better question!  RT  Who all watched the 6AM video?
 Remember to say thank you, it helps keep the world in proper rotation
 Gimme these, Gimme these!!!
 I go soooo hard for my paper, don't worry about me homie I'm gone shine. . .  shit in the afternoon
 RT  6am (Produced By Adot) by Shye  via  
 RT  RT  Video: Shye – 6AM 
  we'll have something to do
  what day are you arriving?
 RT  Sleep in the nude. Why the clothes?
 Should I cool it down like 30 minutes after a workout cuz? RT   Ya tweets coming in too hot
 RT  “   ”--
 RT   lololololol RT    
 You how we do ish lol RT  You bored as hell??! Lbs RT  My neck hurts from  in ackward positions lol
 The old man still has a few new tricks! I tell ya
 My neck hurts from  in ackward positions lol
 Remember Mrs. Robinson taught us about those joe RT  Cardinals are kool as shit! 
 I need to get on my katy p. shiz and wake up in Vegas.. in need of another vaca
 Love Serenade for the red blooded souls
 Have a great morning peeps
 RT  Ok finally  Pacific Time  Shye - 6AM [Official Music Video]  via  
 Love, Peace, & Serenity.. Goodnight/Goodmorning
  at night
 Everything will be just fine.. We got our backs
 "Grandma has the hiccups" 
 Made an IHOP stop somewhere out in the country.. this should be quite interesting
 RT  Picnic Today!!!
 All I have to say is.. F * C K MY BRAINS OUT.. and I'm out
 Why speak feelings to people who don't listen.. why hurt inside and live a life that displays no feelings..
  keep it up my brother! Never can get too much
  just driving through the lovely state of winsconsin, how ya doing lighter skinned brother lol
 Even the water tower has a heart out here
 Rise and Shine, Free Your Mind 
 RIP Lt. Columbo
 Sometimes I just sit and chill with my thoughts and ponder about the wonders of thy innerself.. it places my objectives into perspective.
 The Dells are going to be splendid.. I can feel the excitement working its way up my bajo legs  lol
 I've been hurt. I know what pain feels like, but I also know the process which follows close behind. [Healing]
 It's a friggin mystery I tell ya!  RT  Y am I not following  and he not following me?? Pressing follow now!
 Like young bosses do RT  Relaxin in the lounge.....
 Montecristo Desde 1935
  we'll just have to wait and see what we can get into cuzzo!
 I made  change nationalities last night  lol
  you're right.. it's not bad at all
 Quis you missed the cohiba bus transit from chambana to harveyworld lol. RT   Harvey?<< Leggooo!!!! Im down
 About to attempt to listen to the whole racks remix straight through.. wish me luck
 Plotting a master plan
 It's 930 Central time  but it feels like 6AM.  I can't wait much longer
 RT  Love's Amazing Crazy
 RT  Worst draft since idk what lol
 extended sleep can wait until later, Good morning world
 Don't weigh it up, twirl it up
 Harvey?
 Loitering is fine when you own the spot
 RT  7000 goes to  as usual lol. He has to share with   and  though. Just a
 Funny part about it was, they were! RT  I'll never forget that phrase  used. "Today!? Them hoes workin!" lmfao
 Pure Avionics
 The roads of friendship have more than one lane... but far from many
 My favorite Westsidian! I miss you too homie! RT   ummm i miss my partner in crime just thought you should know
 Tell android to make me a cigar smoking emoticon.. I need in on that
 I said that 4 years ago after a freak accident occurred RT  Never will I ever attend another Taste of Chicago
 I was lucky enough to walk away last night.. some people couldn't stand.. let alone walk haha
 Open your mouth, your words have much meaning.
 Having someone to talk to.. that's the remedy for many common problems we face today
 She makes my day, everyday
 On spot welding the tip of this stogie while bumping   
 Goodnight
 Paul Wall was the man back when I was at Thornton.. Listened to the People's Champ every morning like a damn ritual
 Be safe partying tonight ladies & gents.. Enjoy yourselves responsibly
 My day is perfect now.
 On another planet. . Come meet me on Neptune
 Smooth sailing to the alternate home.. when Maxwell is playing time flies
  6:19! Happy Birthday!!!
  :-p x Sylvester the Cat!
  Stevie Wonder - Happy Birthday!! This song will cost you 4 Dolla! 1$ discount for birthday! :-) Have a great day babe!
 Let's do it all again today and laugh about it tomorrow
 Yo  murk that show in Nashville tonight big homie! 
 Just missed a bad accident near the beginning of the dan ryan
  6:19 H A P P Y  B I R T H D A Y !!!!
 I hope I did good, because it feels like I have.
 We gotta go 1dayRT  Looks good! never been there before RT   that's what I'm on 
  that's what I'm on 
  whah da hell ya yappin bout now mon? Lol
 RT  RT   lol RT   lol --I second that Cohiba!! Lol
  lol RT   lol
  
 Haven't had very much to smile about this morning, hopefully that all changes soon.
  :-) graciás amiga
 Goodbye Chambana
 RT  I can not wait until tomorrow.
 That Remy thang
 Everyday I repeat these very words among others.. "I'm too young to smoke this good."
  when my upcoming favorite artists' ablums and mixtapes drop. I'll just be lightly napping gaining energy for multiple listens
 Had a great day, and a even better night. Thanks to you :-)
 Hot Video to match a fly song >>> RT Cardigan Sweater: 
  "portable airconditioning" great invention for the apartment/small home dwellers
 I move to my own beat
   I got somethin for  today, but I opened it to see if it worked. My ma snapped like it was hers lol
 Smoke break on my lunch break
 Just laying back... on my satin sheets.. reflecting on a nice night out. Peace cruel world, you're no good
 RT  512 s third or 3rd n healey aftetparty cone thru
 I look to my left.. I look to my right.. everyone is having a nice time. That's how things should always be.
    Ape Piss?? Shiddd I fux with it!
  lol. I'm waiting on my class to start now.. spanish shouldn't be difficult at all.
 Seize the day little Caesar
 Back to the grind.
 Callin' it a night.. peace Chambana
 RT  Lmao u silly bro RT  J. Kidd hat on the last snap and it's still tight haha
 J. Kidd hat on the last snap and it's still tight haha
 Mas Amigos flow
  haha ok, you just make sure you tap those incisors before you begin to give praise. Don't want to disrupt the atmosphere sir
 yoo  I see you 'I Know You See It'.. but I digress, let's get back to the remy-trees
 I'm on my garbage disposing, fly kind of sh*t. Good morning to all!
 People that owe you go somewhere else.
 Let em know! RT  Yo Spread The Word Top Shottas Are Back And In Full Effect!!   
  wha gwan on mon?!
 Whipping the hearse this afternoon.. how many people in my TL can say that lol
 RT  Thankful this morning! << that you brushed your chompers?? Lol
 The first bite tells the tale of goodness, ever other bite pales in comparison lol RT  The last bite is always the best
 3 piece.. no wings though
 Didn't get much sleep last, but I did get some quality rest in..  to  for the new pillow.. it made my night light :-)
 Strawberry CheeseQuake!
 Thank you love, all my pokitos express gratitude to you! RT  My 6000th tweet goes to my old man  and his pokitos
 Trippy! Trippy! Trippy!  RT  We Trippy Mane! 
 I'm feeling the urge for some crab legs.. ill be grabbing some soon
 Hunger and sleep run in pairs
 Life is good
  don't forget to brush your teeth in the morning nooga
 soo so soo so soo so sour... 
 Was it twice as good than the first man?!?! RT  Ip Man 2.
 Twirl something, eat something, watching something.. all the while loving someone
 Almost time to close up my place of business.. that felt pretty awesome to say haha
 Wear a gas mask, it's all around you! Lol RT  I hate the smell of smoke
 I can't wait until all my niggas win.. dreaming of the day
 Start standing like you own something.. take pride in the good that you do
  Drake keeps coming with some cool music to vibe too.. Take Care should be a nice album
 this double bacon cheeseburger isn't a dollar.. but it's def. hittin the spot
  your Homewood location has a big sign posted on the door saying, "We are not participating in $1 subs"
 Jimmy Johns stopped the dollar subs early.. good deals never last, they just attract attention.
 I tried..
 YOOOOOOOOO what the fuck is up TWITTER?!
  Jimmy Johns, Chicago Locations, from 11 to 3, on premium sandwichs (heard it on the radio)
  what you know about toppin off the night with a bowl of Frosted Flakes with sliced delights.. Gotta up ya snack game Mac hahaaa
 Up. . .Up. . Up. Up. . Up. . .
 Just chillin, eating some Lays. . this rain can be an awesome thing if you let it take you there
 Approx. 30 seconds from being apart of a drive by/accident.. but altogether a beautiful night. :-)
 Currently tweeting with handcuffs on thanks to this pretty  maid.. my wrist aren't use to this kind of abuse
 Ooo woo-ooh, ooo woo-ooh lol RT  I gotta pocket, gotta pocket full a sunshine....now its stuck in my head...
  the chicken head x 40's combo!
  lmao ladonna shouldn't be in your current memory lipz! Hit that delete button on your mental memory card!
 Just had my first sundrop pop.  It didn't make me want to dance, but it was quite refreshing.
 By on* I mean one*
 In on of my favorite places to be..
  leaving sprint.. this dreaded place
 RT  I'm on my level yea I'm on my level yea
 ever listen to a song and your hands go straight up w/o any thought about it?? well that's what you call a 
  next time take me on the la fitness train cuz
  ;-) ooowww
 The L is gone.. hello, hi, goodbye
 Oiy oiy oiy! I'll be coming to my second home this Sunday 
  check your dm section
 Why is Jeezy so doggish... Damn
 Hey,  Can I be quite manish for a moment??
  Listening to  simultaneously with my itunes waiting on sprint to service my galaxy. You getting that sleeve done today?
  what up Ochee Juan-Conrad Smithsonian
 filling my timeline up w/ intellectual friends, favorite artists, comedians, & supporters.. Tired of everybody w/ the "F the world" attitude
 RT  why can't we all just get along?
