 From Barna: "The most carefully watched church-related statistic is adult attendance". Is this really the bes… (cont) 
 Heard  use the phrase "post racist" this week to describe the next generation of young folks. Good phrase. Hopeful.
 The view from our room.  
 The view from our room. 
 Huge day at the Perkins center. I'm beat. But the morning Bible study with John is phenomenal, and the work is good, hard, work.
 What I have to work with.
 RT  MuteMath fans rejoice. New song, new video, must mean a new album soon: 
 Medger Evers' home on the Jackson, MS tour today. 
 Just blessed with a morning bible study with  Thankful for his ministry of reconciliation.
 We can't just be a commuter church in the community. - John Perkins (2 of 2)
 If the church is going to offer some real good news in broken communities, it has to be committed to a place. (1 of 2)
 I'm at John Perkins Center (1803 Robinson, Jackson) 
 
 Headband? Check. Fanny pack? Check. Ready for trip.  
 Hey, Enterprise - hire some help. This is crazy! ( Enterprise Rental) 
 It's finally time. HP 7 part 2!  ( Malco - Stage Cinema) 
 Picking up the boy from basketball camp. ( Union university wellness center) 
 I'm at Starbucks (907 Vann Drive, Jackson) 
 RT  Urban Farms Market This Week: NOW OPEN FIVE DAYS A WEEK!  // great news for Memphis!
  go zeke! Watch em all!
  Harry Potter and The Deathly Hallows - Should Christians Watch The Movie? // why are we still having this discussion?
 It's incredibly difficult not going to the midnight showing of HP 7 tonight. Have to wait for my oldest to get home from camp tomorrow.
  welcome abby!
 Date with my wife before leaving for our mission trip Saturday. ( Osaka Japanese Cuisine) 
   I don't know, but it is a futile attempt. None can compare to me in geekdom.// that was true until u shaved.
 What is it about some techies that makes them attempt to intimidate you by how much geek they know?
 You can't hurry your way to peace.
 RT  RT  I'm at University of Tennessee - Chattanooga, go MOCS! My old school! // cue rockytop
 Sometimes there just isn't enough time to talk to all the people I know. I seems I can't go anywhere without meeting someone I know.
 Just 3 days until we head to the   foundation for reconciliation and development. Can't wait!  
 Watching SW Episode 1 again. Coppola - Spielberg - friends don't let friends do Jar Jar Binks.
 CIA used a fake vaccination campaign in hunt for Bin Laden  via 
  Was waiting for that.
 Why isn't there a Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon app?
 Today is Han Solo's birthday. I hope I look as good as he does when I'm 69.
 RT  Yep 100.3 °F pretty much sucks  
 I'm still living in denial the  will be no more. I would handle it better if they would come to Memphis on The 7 Tour.
 Happy birthday, Dr. Huxtable!
 I live in a cash culture. Which makes buying gas as the lone debit card holder frustrating. Everyone else pays at the window.
 Picked up my HP 7 (part 2) tickets today. I'll be easy to find in the theater. I'll be the guy crying his eyes out. 
 MythBusters Take on 6 Security Myths from Hollywood Movies  via 
 Lucinda langford
 I'm at Cordova Community Church (8505 Trinity Road, Cordova/Appling) 
 I have an idea for a documentary film. Anyone want it?
 RT  Does poverty beget itself? Brooks on the importance of more research into human behavior. (Hint: We're complicated.)  ...
 RT  UN Economic Report: Double Worldwide Agricultural Output With Small-Scale, Sustainable Agriculture 
  I will never forget the Challenger explosion. I watched it on big screen TV in the Ole Miss student center.
 Watching the shuttle launch. I remember the shuttle Enterprise's test flight as a kid.
 I love  Too much creativity in one place: 
  Let it go, man, let it go!
  I'm laughing really hard. With you, not at you.
  Thanks - this is a whole new world!
 I have 4 boys. Tonight we're keeping 3 girls. One is 4. Lord, Jesus help me.
  I get Bell's, you get Midnight. Oh, well...
 Starving. Time for Bell's diner.
   Thx for the RT yesterday!
 Blog Post: "First Fruits"    
 I'm at Orpheum Theater (203 S Main St, at Beale St, Memphis) 
 I'm at Cordova Community Church w/  
 Jk.
 Got about 2/3 of today's honey bottled. It's first come, first served, folks!  
 The extractor's ready, the knives are hot. It's time to bottle some honey!  
 But I might not be writing because I'm busy reading "Fidelity" by Wendell Berry...again. Marvelous storytelling.
 Would love to do some writing today.
 Lookie what I got.   
 Hoping the planets will align today so that I can pick up a few super's of honey from the hives.
 I'm at Celtic Crossing (Memphis) 
  Nice to have you aboard. I like what you guys are up to in Memphis.
  get the paddles - I think my heart stopped!
 Thanks to a late night and a recommendation from  i'll be eating at 'Chow Wagon' in Henderson, TN tonight.
 Driving through Jackson. Hello, 
 I'm at Starbucks (3706 Hillsboro Pike, btw Graybar Ln & Glen Echo Rd, Nashville) 
  will do, pal. Great hanging with you guys and  this weekend!
 I'm having fun today. ( The Fruit And Berry Patch) [pic]: 
  what part of town are u working in? We're in Farragut.
  Long day // come relax with  and me!
 RT  Visit our new splash page, get a glimpse into our new brand, & vote for us to win $50k! 
  Its  closing ceremonies at  // and I'm here! It's big!
 I'm at Farragut Church of Christ (Farragut) w/ 4 others 
  love to grab something caffeinated with you. Love to hear what's happening in your new gig. Not sure time will allow :(
  One day I will get to hang with you, brother Jim.
  we're at 254.
  where are you now?
  knoxville.
  On my way to K'ville. I'll wave when I get to town.
 Cruisin' through Murfreesboro. Hello, 
  better look over his shoulder. The Scotts will be sneaking up behind him soon!
 I'm at Centennial Park (2814 West End Avenue, 25th Ave, Nashville) 
 I'm having persistent feelings of awesomeness. 
 Some people are just too hard to please. I'm venting.
 I'm at Loyd auditorium 
 Muppets via   be sure to use closed captions 
 Some times I wish someone would do an objective autopsy on a ministry that has collapsed.
  I wouldn't be so sure!
  Wow. I've never noticed that the E and the X on "FEDEX" is supposed to be an arrow // dude I live in Memphis and didn't know it.
 It hurts to lay down. I might have overdone today's workout.
 Free Service helps companies keep Web browsers secure  via 
 I'm at Bioenergy Development Group (2227 Deadrick Avenue, Memphis) 
 Improvising In The 5th Act: scripture and the authority of God.  // excellent review
 I'm at Cordova Community Church (8505 Trinity Road, Cordova/Appling) 
 Great weekend. We picked up a used refrigerator from a friend, and dumpster dived a new TV for the kids' xbox.  
  thanks for the shout!
 RT  I deal with such fragile egos // Oh, sure, I KNOW you're talking about me!
 I'm at Starbucks (3603  S. Houston Levee, Collierville) 
 RT  Tiger fans remember this guy from the pep band! Marching Snare Drum Solo - Memphis Drum Shop - Isiah Rowser  ...
 RT  This is fascinating: Parenting advice from prison guards  
  counting on it, buddy!
 Looks like the storm last night washed out our honey harvest. Too wet to get in the fields today. 
  I love me some Muppets. Muppets From Space is my fav. Yours?
 New term for social media embarrassment: "He pulled a Weiner"
 Some times I wish there was a fool proof manual for what to do with your kid. A flow chart would be nice.
 Setting up a server for Highpoint Church Memphis. Great bunch of folks. 
 Ritalin Cures Next Picasso  via 
 PayPal vulnerability allows access to any account within 30 seconds  via 
 happy to be heading back to memphis.
 I'm at Freed-Hardeman University (158 E. Main St., Henderson) 
 We have power! Thanks, 
 Beautiful night here in the country.
 RT  Women love a man in uniform, but especially a uniform made from chocolate bars and $100 bills.
  thanks for the mention, and glad to make the connection!
  Wondering why Christian bands break up.  via 
 Memphis storm=no power tonight. Crashing at mother-in-law's, watching "Easy Rider". First time. Yeah, man, like - psychedelic.
  many thanks.
  thanks ;) do you guys have an outage map up somewhere?
 Dear  if I told you I loved you, would you fix my transformer?
 I'm at Cordova Community Church (8505 Trinity Road, Cordova/Appling) 
  cool. Try not to suck too bad.
 Thank you Jesus, there's thunder on the horizon. After the wet spring we had, its hard to believe we need rain this bad.
  are you playing tomorrow
 Now its time to get ready for a day of  tomorrow.
 Day of beekeeping and gardening. Lots of honey coming along, plants up and blooming. Looks like we're off to a summer of good food!
 RT  We tried 2 intentionally ruin tourist trap photo & then we ended up buying it.  // i like your invisible son
 Big time, busy week this week. Glad it's friday, but lots of catching up to do tomorrow.
  should be the week before we head your way...
 Got our first honey harvest coming next week. Already booked 8 folks for the event. FULL! 
 End your career with these Weiner-style social networking tips: 
 Gingrich's campaign staff quits. Nice to see there is some small bit of realism left in the republican party.
 The Art of The Commonplace by Wendell Berry, free for Kindle 
 Agenda for the afternoon? Read Jayber Crow until I pass out. I need an afternoon of rest!
 I'm at Starbucks (907 Vann Drive, Jackson) w/ 2 others 
 Today my teenaged sons each got a copy of 'Let Justice Roll Down' by John Perkins. They can't stop reading. 
 YouTube launches support for CC BY and a CC library featuring 10,000 videos  via 
 I'm one of the first in line for the "One Page Twitter Dashboard" from  Join me   via 
 Apparatus for facilitating the birth of a child by centrifugal force:  via 
 I have interesting friends. Last night my friend had to call the paramedics because he stabbed his son in the stomach with a catfish.
 I'm at Cordova Community Church (8505 Trinity Road, Cordova/Appling) 
 Heading down to the  market for coffee and fresh veggies this morning 
 Watching 'Oh Brother Where Art Thou?'. Again. Can't get enough of this movie.
 Lots of bee work today. Got to rob a little honey from my hive here at the house. YUM! 
  I have tried to get my Mac infected, but couldn't. But I know one person who has.
 Be mindful of what is good. Save the thought of it. As much as can be found is needed. -Wendell Berry
 Amazing clouds here in Memphis. 
 RT  Unraptured, Part II: The Rationalizationing  // crazy, huh? How about an apology?
 RT  RT  It's not exactly Rapture, I guess, but there are no credible Republican candidates left on Earth.
 Just paid $3.49 for gas at Express Gas on stage in Raleigh in Memphis.
 “the dining room table is the center of family life.” - Eugene Peterson
 Anyone know if Kirk Cameron is still here?
 RT  Was just raptured. Jesus was 8 minutes late. Heaven is nice. Like a really nice Cancun resort. Apostle Paul smells  ...
 RT  In final session at  Noel Castellanos  suggests two concepts the church needs to learn from Latino cu ...
 Well, 6 pm has come and gone and I'm still here.  Either I'm damned or it's a time-zone thing.
 I'm still here. Does that mean I didn't get raptured? Its amazingly quiet to be the end of the world.
 Big sigh. Just realized I'll be out of town when the  hit!
 In memory of the Freedom Riders of May 1961, try watching PBS' "Freedom Riders" online. 
 " Bought a copy of book 1 & 2 of the Faerie Queene for $4. // you're so butch
 Anyone know why the tornado sirens in Raleigh/Memphis keep going off?
  Monday used to be my one day off. After the all-day hustle of Sunday, I needed Monday to recuperate.
 RT  (I still) Believe Memphis -  // amen, sister.
 Awesome park! ( Woodland Discovery Playground  Shelby Farms) 
 Does an azalea get more beautiful than this?  
 Great morning at the  Market. Picked up some bacon, some greens, and salsa, even met some friends. 
 It's awesome sitting under a tree at sunset, breeze blowing, listening to the kids in the neighborhood play. Good life.
 Is it really breaking news that there was porn found in Bin Laden's hideout?
 OpenTable Founder Launches OhSoWe, A Network For Neighborhoods  via 
 Only in Memphis. 
 Obi-Wan Kenobi Is Dead, Vader Says  via 
 RT  If I was Vegan I would watch this cooking show....After I killed myself for being Vegan 
 I'll say it again...Newt...don't bother! (Guy must need the campaign money. There's no way he'll get near a nomination)
 Just changed my Facebook password. If I were you, I would, too. 
 Self directed effort is the best kind  via 
   - thanks for the RT!
 Perspective: Less than 1% of Memphis is under water.  
 Dear Newt: don't bother.
 RT  YEA!! Congrats! RT Booker T. Washington Wins Visit from President Obama  
 Apple Employees Tell the Secrets Behind Steve Jobs’ ‘Magic’  via 
 Just How Dangerous Is Sitting All Day? [INFOGRAPHIC]  via 
 Game developer David Braben creates a USB stick PC for $25  via 
 If you aren't using Zite on your iPad - why not? This is a fabulous app:  (via 
 Flood at Jackson Avenue neighborhood near Austin Peay in Raleigh.  
  let me know how it is. I've heard its beautiful.
 U of M graduation. ( FedExForum w/ 23 others) 
 I'm at Cordova Community Church (8505 Trinity Road, Cordova/Appling) 
 RT  Back to a different reality I just talked with EMA, between 20 & 22 thousand could be impacted and/or affected by flood ...
 Memphis, as the floods creep up, it's time for you to reach out. Invite someone to stay with you if they've been displaced.
 Memphis - do we have an official memphis flood hashtag yet? 
 It's hard to imagine the number of injuries a full day of rugby can bring. 
 The rain has stopped, the pitch is beautiful, its time for rugby!  
  thanks for RT 
  we're OK here, but Raleigh/Frayser along the wolf is in danger. We have friends who have already packed up.
  First game is at 10 a.m. 
 Just finished leading my last 4-H gardening group for the year. Looking at starting a new Memphis group in Orange Mound next year.
 Hey,  looking for something to do this weekend? State  championships are tomorrow at USA stadium in Millington! 
 I'm at Osaka Japanese Cuisine (8095 Macon Rd, Memphis) 
 Dating my smokin' hot wife tonight. Celebrating the 26th anniversary of our first kiss.
 GEEK ALERT - Do NOT click on those Osama images. LOTS of Fake anti-virus infections this week attached to Osama images. Resist!
 Busier than a one-armed paper hanger today.
 RT  Kidmin, the open source  curriculum project, is launching soon // details, brothah
 Our family discovered the ESPN rugby channel today. It..is..sucking..us..in..
 Nice to be home after a few days away. Love coming home to my bride, my kids, and my small group. All family.
 Bin Laden’s war against the U.S. economy  via 
 RT   I love that site. I use it more often than I should. // I am SO glad I'm not the only word-geek I know!
 Nerdy for me: The Online Etymology Dictionary - 
 Wow, just had some friends here leave their home because of approaching water from wolf river. 
 RT  "Do I take any pleasure in the death of the wicked? ... Rather, am I not pleased when they turn from their ways and live?"  ...
 RT  What If they have Laden body and his face is a mask that the president pulls off to reveal Its really old man Jones from  ...
 So Osama is dead. Now can we please get the h*** out of Afghanistan?
 Just saw the new trailer for HP7 pt. 2. Can say that I've never looked forward to a movie so much.
 And now its stopped. Crazy. 
 Incredible driving rain here in Raleigh. 
 West TN middle school JV conference champions. Spartan rugby!  
 The things our teens do for  
 Hiding in my hall, again. This is getting old. 
 Rugby! ( USA Baseball Stadium) 
 RT  NEWS: UPSET! Memphis Grizzlies topple No. 1 Spurs, 99-91 
  much envy of you at inhabit.
  nate, I thought soul surfer was excellent. And yes, I cried several times.
 Tomorrow is West TN rugby conference championships at USA stadium in Millington.    
  looks like its just going in and out on my Mac. Chrome and FireFox both.
 Is it just me, or is there no sound on the  game on espn3?
 Your mom's internet browser: 
 I'm at Boscos (2120 Madison Avenue, N Cooper, Memphis) 
 Pour Me Another Cup - Thoughts on Lent: 
 Nice - Tom Tom is selling user location data to law enforcement so they can beef up speed traps. 
 Lookie there, its  on makingoforange.com 
 Tuned in to makingoforange.com this morning, since I can't be there. So glad this is available. 
 Memphis morning sounds: water gently dripping, birds singing, and portable generators humming. 
 Power's out across the street, so  internet it out. Switching to  modem...
 Ok...getting tired of blinding rain every day.
 RT  Tim Keller on Sabbath: "to rest is to be so satisfied with your work, so utterly satisfied, that you can leave it alone."
  Wonderful cartoon. Exactly.
 The best thing about Trump as president is that he's used to running bankrupt organizations.
 Tobey is a mud pit today. Great day for rugby.
 Monday night=rugby night at Tobey. Go Spartans! ( Tobey Park) 
 Call me simple - but this is an incredibly helpful gmail search for me: "in:inbox is:unread"
 He is risen! Come celebrate with brunch and worship this morning. We start at 9! ( Cordova Community Church) 
 Had a wonderful, meaningful, passover meal with the family tonight. Truly one of the highlights of my year.
 It's a rugby Easter.  
 I'm at Cordova Community Church (8505 Trinity Road, Cordova/Appling) 
 My 11 year old decided to fast today until sundown to honor Jesus' death. I think he's pretty awesome.
 We have the only lights on the street, I think. It's very dark in the neighborhood.
 Stupid rain cancelled our rugby game :(
 RT  Get ready folks!  The outdoor farmers market opens THIS SATURDAY!  Come do your Easter shopping with a great bunch of ...
 You  bloggers and tweeps keep it going next week. I"ll be tuning in! 
 Seriously,  - I'm tired of not being able to get a cup of decaf coffee.
 Tax day=mom works late. Dad's cooking dinner. Question: Is there such a thing as too much butter or garlic?
 Confession: I really don't like Nathan's hotdogs.
 Are your tweets draining your brain? (via  
 Been an incredible (and long!) day. Great worship today, P.E.P. club, teen / parent mtg, and teen environment tonight.
 I'm at Asian Palace Restaurant (5266 summer ave, white station, Memphis) 
  - half pipe in the living room. 
 New Macbook Pro just arrived. My day's shot.
 The boys killed it on the rugby field tonight. GREAT game! 
 Spartan Rugby! ( Tobey Park w/ 4 others) 
 Heading home to Memphis for my kids' first rugby game for the season.
 I just got some FREE music from SLEEPING AT LAST. You can download it here: 
 Last class tonight, and I passed my Master Gardener test! 
 Had an AMAZING conversation with my kids last night re:spiritual/physical dualism, resurrection, non-violence. All after a birthday party.
 How is it that my BABY boy is 10 today? 
 Saw Soul Surfer tonight. Gotta give it props. Very well done. 
 I'm at Cordova Community Church (8505 Trinity Road, Cordova/Appling) 
 The Hebrew Hammer. Look it up. 
 Working the Tipton County Master Gardener plant sale all weekend. Got a sneak peek tonight. Lots of great plants! 
 The latest On Being podcast with Sherry Terkle (MIT) has some great insights on technology for parents:  
  Where were you today that you heard Boyd, Pinnock and Sanders?
 My geek brother will love this: the new Commodore 64 
 Tennessee ranked next-to-last in peacefulness:  Makes me wanna punch them in the throat!
 Back to the ole 6 am commute.
 I'm at Tipton Count Extension Office (111 W Washington Ave, Covington) 
  OK...uranus is full of methane gas. Now I dare you to read that to your boss.
  and its full of methane gas.
 Teaching homeschool science (astronomy) to my boys this morning. We're studying Uranus. Let the crude humor begin.
 Oh, boy - the Motor City Madman is coming to Memphis July 17!
 Covington Pike and Stanford in Memphis. 
 Remembering my day yesterday. I think its cool my 15 y/o wakes me up at 5:30 am so that he can get to church early.
 I'm at Cordova Community Church (8505 Trinity Road, Cordova/Appling) 
 It's OK Cal, this Final Four appearance probably won't count, either. 
  sorry man. Anyone but Cal.
 
 I'm at Lichterman Nature Center (5992 Quince Road, Memphis) 
 I'm at Malco Cinema 10 in Bartlett (2809 Bartlett Boulevard, Memphis) 
 I'm at Agricenter International (7777 Walnut Grove Rd, Haley Harvest Dr, Memphis) 
 Do NOT be manipulated by the agenda of the donkey nor the elephant, focus on the agenda of the Lamb - Samuel Rodriguez
 Grizzlies win! Nice game. 
 Griz!  
 I'm at Fedex Forum (Memphis) 
 Wow, rob bell answers all your questions this week on the Mars Hill podcast: 
  My thoughts exactly.
 Finally getting some use out of my kids. Paid my 15 y/o $5 to make me a batch of cookies.
 RT   um, think you read the chart wrong... MAD was 44, Shelby was 58, and lower is better... 1 being best.// crap.
 And yes, I just upgraded my Cloud Drive to 20 GB.
 Yes, Amazon CloudPlayer on Android works amazingly well.
 Great news for Memphis farmer's markets and their customers: 
 At least Shelby County ranks higher than Madison:  (via 
 RT  I have had Firefox 4 crash more than ever.. (via  // it's all chrome, baby
 Wendell Berry and the New Urbanism. Nice piece at FPR: 
 I'm at Tipton Count Extension Office (111 W Washington Ave, Covington) 
 Intuit's GoPayment for Android - accept credit card payments via your phone: 
 Thanks for the amazon cloud player tips, folks. But looks like the amazon mp3 app for Android does it!
 RT  So Sexy, So Soon – Book Review: by Emily Malone
 Love the amazon cloud drive idea. But can't seem to find an Android app. Anyone know if one has been released yet?
   Heat wrestling documentary continues with regular run this week // I saw this Sat. It was a lot of fun
 Taking the wife to work. 1 car family while my car's in the shop. Tough, man...
 Watched "Get Low" last night. Great movie - recommend.
 The feed is 
  It's a facebook feed. The feed posts to twitter, but the link it posts is broken.
 I'm at Cordova Community Church (8505 Trinity Road, Cordova/Appling) 
 Memphis Heat - bring on the wrasslin'! ( Malco Studio On The Square w/ 7 others) 
 Been waiting for this! ( Three Angels Diner) 
  I'm having trouble with the URL link being inserted into my twitter update. Can u help?
 It's friday, 6 pm. Time for sabbath. Signing off, folks. Have a good one!
 Hope this movie scares the heck out of a lot of parents: 
 RT  Tennessee named as the laziest U.S. state:  // what, u want me to click a link? That's so much work!
 I'd read this if I wasn't so darn lazy: 
 I'm at Starbucks (2955 Kirby Whitten Rd, Stage Rd, Bartlett) 
 Infographic: Where are the world's nuclear power plants? 
 Memphis' newest farmers market, the Urban Farm Market opens in THREE DAYS! Get the details here: 
  More the time it sucks from our family. It's too easy to stream one movie after another. And not always good (wholesome) ones.
 Just canceled my Netflix membership. Tough decision.
 Playing with all kinds of twitter/facebook pages integration stuff.  Gotta hit the sack.
 The bees are taking over today at the house. They've found last year's equipment and are licking it clean.   
 The bees are taking over today at the house. They've found last year's equipment and are licking it clean.  
 Back in town, back on the job. Lots of backed up work to do.
  The door just fell off the bus. Anybody have any duct tape? // classic. I just got in from AR. Should've swung by, huh?
 Ready for championships!  
 This has great potential for a Memphis neighborhood that needs it: 
 Both my teams lost today. MHEA Eagles and Memphis Tigers. 
  NEWS: Borders outlines additional 28 store closings; Memphis bookstore safe // yes!
 RT  More Funny Than Wrong  The Harry Potter Series Continues… 
  That is all.
 I'm at Krispy Kreme eating hot doughnuts. Where are you?  
 backtothefarm  RT  Microsoft IE9 available now. Please upgrade your browser by clicking here: 
 Very cool Google Docs updates as well: 
 New Google products for non-profits: 
 Just enabled https on all my twitter accounts. Have you?
  you're not a machine, you're a tool!
 What boys do on vacation.  
 RT  Memphis Urban Ministry is gearing up for the annual MUM Summer Camp.  // Great! Camp will be in my neighborhood!
  National home school basketball tournament.
 Crazy. It's snowing here in Missouri. 
  thanks a bunch!
  and I showing some courage in today's  production (via  
  M's in Ghana. Kids at grandmas. Can you say guy's week? // on my way
 Bugsy and Lola's love nest.  
  68% of divorce cases... // where did this stat come from?
 Cool. Turned on the the new Google Labs "Smart Labels" feature and - well, now I don't have gmail...
  How'd we end up with such nerdy kids? ;) Poor things - they don't have a chance, do they?
 My 15 year old is reading The Jews From Alexander To Herod by D. S. Russell. For fun.
  thanks, Doug. Let me get situated, and we can get the ball rolling.
 I'm at Highpoint Church Offices (Whitten, Kirby, Memphis) 
 Tonight was Story time with the fam. You should be reading THE story aloud with your kids. Mine love it.
  I will not purchase any ebook that costs more than the print book. That pricing makes no sense.// dude - aren't u in charge?
  Some are, some aren't. We're lucky so far.
 For my netsec geek friends - did you know that SANS has a daily podcast? 
  summer avenue
 I'm at Border's Bookstore (6685 Poplar Ave. Suite 100, Kirby, Memphis) w/ 2 others 
 RT  loved getting to watch  night before last rock the FedEx Forum. // they were really great
  Incredible 2.2
 RT   Just released footage of 9/11 WTC from helicopter POV, ugh: 
 My son brought his ear plugs to the concert. Safety first!  
  rockin the lip ring at Winterjam  
 At Winterjam in Memphis. I've never seen so many white, evangelical teenagers.
 Wow, great Word time during today's KidZone. 
 I'm at Cordova Community Church (8505 Trinity Road, Cordova/Appling) 
 Back online. GREAT weekend 
 Time for  See you tomorrow night.  
 Today's the day - going "dark" starting at 5 this evening. Who's with me? ( 
  Live the Sheen Dream    // my day is better because of this
 Nice little DNS tool from Google (thanks  
 Uninstalling DoubleTwist. I really, really, want to like this app, but it never syncs to my android effectively. Never.
 Stunning day today. Hoping to get to the bee yard today to check on my girls. 
 Had a great time with the teens in our home group tonight. Love hanging with them on wednesdays.
  I was just telling Stacey how much fun it is to bother u. I love Twitter.
  oh, and I like harding's new newspaper.
  quit being so judgmental.
 First time visit at Republic Coffee. ( Republic Coffee) 
 David Scott - "high priest Vatican assassin warlock". I'm totally ripping that off of Charlie Sheen.
 Looking forward to this Lenten series from  with emphasis on food/cooking/christianity: 
 RT  The 2012 National Urban Ministry Conference will be held in Memphis // that's great news!
 RT  I wish there was an app // there is. It's called a taser.
 This weekend I'll be participating in the National Day of Unplugging (from  How about you? 
  Will do. Really was wishing I had time to chat this weekend.
 Well, Jackson, TN, glad u could see me. Almost home to Memphis.
  wish I'd seen you, man. Already heading back to Memphis now.
 I'm at North Point Community Church (4350 North Point Pkwy, Alpharetta) w/ 8 others 
 Watching Happy Gilmore. Adam Sandler goodness.
 Uh, oh, gotta clean up my tweets. My senior pastor  is following me on Twitter now!
  - wish u were here! ( REI  
 Nice to know there are things you can count on. Like really crappy "high-speed" internet service at hotels and coffee shops.
 Atlanta tweeps: I'm in Kennesaw tonight. Where's a cheap, local, family-friendly eatery nearby?
 "Dad, do you know what u call those Mexicans who make meth? METHicans!" 
  way down south in dixie!
 From Barna: "The most carefully watched church-related statistic is adult attendance". Is this really the bes… (cont) 
 Heard  use the phrase "post racist" this week to describe the next generation of young folks. Good phrase. Hopeful.
 The view from our room.  
 The view from our room. 
 Huge day at the Perkins center. I'm beat. But the morning Bible study with John is phenomenal, and the work is good, hard, work.
 What I have to work with.
 RT  MuteMath fans rejoice. New song, new video, must mean a new album soon: 
 Medger Evers' home on the Jackson, MS tour today. 
 Just blessed with a morning bible study with  Thankful for his ministry of reconciliation.
 We can't just be a commuter church in the community. - John Perkins (2 of 2)
 If the church is going to offer some real good news in broken communities, it has to be committed to a place. (1 of 2)
 I'm at John Perkins Center (1803 Robinson, Jackson) 
 
 Headband? Check. Fanny pack? Check. Ready for trip.  
 Hey, Enterprise - hire some help. This is crazy! ( Enterprise Rental) 
 It's finally time. HP 7 part 2!  ( Malco - Stage Cinema) 
 Picking up the boy from basketball camp. ( Union university wellness center) 
 I'm at Starbucks (907 Vann Drive, Jackson) 
 RT  Urban Farms Market This Week: NOW OPEN FIVE DAYS A WEEK!  // great news for Memphis!
  go zeke! Watch em all!
