  ok i'll let u do that
  u better
  who's shawty?
  &why is that so
  i'll have to see what the hype is. lol but for real when it comes to sex, some folks do fake the funk
  lol oh true
  haa definitely not! looked like she got implants or something though her boobs were never plumped like they are now..
  i felt gay for staring. oh well if she looked good she looked good. lol
  u be ducked off! are u still in the metro area?
  who u tellin! i was lookin at her on the cover of vibe and was like DAAAAAMN! & said well this pic is hot! lol oops oh well
  i heard that. well do your thing i dont want to hold u up
  oh well i guess she gotta do what she feels she has to do to get herself where she wants to be! and thats in the lime light
  uhmmmmm where u been hiding out at? i asked about u.. did your sister tell you?
  what about NBA live? and 2k?
  hey you
  cuz maybe he's gay, or confused
  hahaa u crazy! ay sleep is the solution kelly just be wildin! she gettin freaky these days
  haa im listening to the radio! and u right im not
 No bite marks scratches or hickies
 -Shake that drop that throw cash go back..
 & When we're done......i wanna feel my legs baby!
 All these folks going to the brave's game. I wanna go too!
 ..it aint easy being me, though it may seem that way
 -as an artist im trying to paint the perfect picture
  thats amazing :)
 RT  LIGHT SKIN FEMALES ARE GORGEOUS :)
  hey hey! we should definitely link up sometime
 I take ya wife, give ha back, 9 months afta that? SIMILAC!
  congrats miss thang!! when is the starting day?
 Only you are responsible for developing your mind, spirit & your acumen socially.
  thats fine girl! ill be here when u do make a pit stop! tell me why i went home and ran into richard crazy ass lol
  what it do noonie!!  shout out to you!!
  :) yessss
 Im riding round& im gettin it..it's mine &i spend it.
 Strawberry limonade chiller from DQ!!!! yummm..
 HAHAAA ALL THAT IS SO HILARIOUS!! LOL I MISS NICKELODEON.. WELL THIS KIND OF NICKELODEON!
 RT  the 90's shows are on Teen Nick ppl ..
  lol hey boo!
 This storm is something else! glad only my pants and shoes are wet. Lol cuz boy if it was my hair... Mmm
 Shawty swing my wayyy....!!
 .....cramps...ugh
 ....meet people & then discard their ass...
  ooh we were at the art center. waiting on the bus... lol we did converse briefly. i msged her via FB to tell her thanks
 ....The girl from antm is sitting next to me ....alasia... Wow should i say something to her???
 What matters is how long you are going to be remembered by who and for what....
  yeah i love that dress in particular..but wuddup tho?
  well.......
  i wore a cute dress and some heels.. thats all. but i guess he was not approving of the fact that the dress was strapless
 Traffic is terrible on 285! Omg..
 This indian man is looking at me like whoa. I think i'm offending him with this outfit. Lord forgive thee
 Roman studies always captures my attention! Stonehenge, the architectures and thensome... Great day
  id give u the side eye. but hey i am about to go to class mmkay
 OAN:: i must go get Kelly's Album! i likey
 ...okay i must dash on out!!! cultural studies class!! yess
  lol oooh yeah? well yeah let me get it if its free AF
  yesss and when u make that mixtape..lemme get a copy mmmkay
  oh okay thank you!! or tell him to text my phone..'preciate that
  uhm not eboni best.. that was another eboni lol but u want my  thought u had it already?
  i got what u mean though! lol hows everything.. make these little 15min count too my class at 1
  in and out of class.. that whole shindig! hows everything?
  thats whats up
  what!!! okay i had to take a closer look. thats nice though on u
 RT  WAYANS BROS tonight! Last Night at Uptown Comedy Corner Atlanta, GA (404) 881-0200 www.uptowncomedy.net
  negro u said you would get at me.....ummmm
  did u cut your hair?
  why u got to say that?? good afternoon
   ...hey!!! just DM me...
 RT  SHOTOUT 2 THE SEXY FOLLOWERS ON MY TWITTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! KEEP DOING YA THING    ...
  interior design buddy! and thanks for tweeting me.. its been long overdue
 -First class is history of architecture and design :)
 ...school's about to be back in session with the kiddies, this is the best time to go shopping... SALE SALE SALE!!!!!
 My granny told me not to dress too sexy but a morning like this calls for a dress and some heels!
 ....this is the WORST thing ever...
 Its weird being in the same place with someone you kinda fell off with...kill me now..
 Watching how its made!!!! Gotta love the science channel :)
  i know im sorry
  child dont rush it! lol
  why not for u girl?
 ...class is back in session! yessssssss
  yup
  good
  nobody did i went to go pack and come back
  education, duhh lol
  yesssuh
  yeah i seen that too! u out in jax? thats whats up
  i been left from down there since monday. i went down there to help my mama pack
  oh yeah that grape be hittin hard too
  uhm boring but fun packing my stuff
  what it doobie
  sorry idk u were following i was just saying hello! :) thanks for the follow
  sup!
  burnin mary
  running for a cause..  running from the problem
  ::makin red Kool aid
  evenin
  right here
  girl no! lol i was just amped up the other day
  evenin
  whats good!
  oh yeah?
 Rickey Smiley is going in on the radio with these  Haaa! Plenty guys breakin the rules
 ..i just want a quicky no bite marks no scratch marks &no hickies
 ..my little brother trips me out. Lol he asked me if i was old enough to cuss haha!
 Buy a pound, break it down... Wake and bake suckas! Good morning
 Black ops with the little brother!! :)
  heyyyy
  hey i hope things are ok with you! im concerned & IMY..  <3 eb
 RT  LMao  Every1 Expecting  Quality on A Freestyle mixtape  S/o 2 Weezy Who Does this & Will Have ...
  hey girl!! idk u had a twitter page
  is not that bad...but i could have waited. The album better be worth the wait!!
  no need to alert kpd lol im ducked off and they wont find me
  hey good morning corey!
 ..good ol Camden co!
 Yum! This good ol brunswick air!
 ...How do u take 4morphines, 3zanax, and drink a whole bottle of whiskey with out an o.d???..TF O_o
 ..Do u believe in love& the promise that it gives, i wanna love u for life....!!!!!!!!!!!!  by myself
 The quiet storm on V1o3 is playing all the right songs!
  -understanding
 Dang beyonce's dad was stealing money from her! Thats shady. No wonder she discarded his ass.. SMH
 Everybody's rockin this gold color in their hair. Nine times outta ten, they were inspired by wiz
 ...a bunch of female dogs and garden tools...
  aight girl! :)
 ....waxin and relaxing...
 This lady is driving and has her ipad out... Thats worse than texting and driving!!!! Smh
  okay keep me in touch with that!! i;ll be ready and waiting lol
  hey there
  you know i luh you gal!!
 RT  Shout out to my friends      &   mad luv follow bk!!
 Good afternoon!
 They just dont make good tv shows anymore. I sure would love to watch reading rainbow and maybe even wishbone...
 This heat is pumpin
 I love the mcdonalds mango pineapple smoothie! Mmm..
  i hit puberty all over again! lol
  no i know so
 Its amazing how our mind can go to work without us having to try so hard
 You gotta get that money gotta get that.....!!
 My hips gettin alil wider lol
 Rockin my shirt with the holes in it! Yess today calls for that!
  freak is what i think of
 RT  I've seen more people convicted on  with a helluva lot less evidence than Casey Anthony had against her!
  splendid..
  hey love
 RT  Casey Anthony's theme song: Walk around the Court Room... FUCC EVERYBODY!!!
 RT  they need to give  a reality show now
 wowww i am not happy with this verdict. you can put michael vick in jail for dog fighting but its clear she's responsible!! NOT guilty?!?!?
 Not guilty? Dang!!...wow
 THE VERDICT IS IN!!!!!!!
  all i need--->>details. but dm me your number so i can text you
  thats great to hear. im about to watch this case, i'll hit you back later okay
  i got you! well im about to hop off okay :))
  haa no! just out here in this city im that way with people
  splendid! hows the baby?
  hmmmm well i been saying this..
  haa u crazY! how you been?
  mmmhmm!! well im about to watch this trial and hop offline. take it easy today
 -i be trying to throw hints but i dont think he'll ever get it
  i may be going back to the salon real soon..smh
  haaa keep talking cuz i hear you
  yeah until it started raining ...again lol
  well i left work and waited on the rain to stop. went out to eat and seen the fireworks downtown. it was nice
  thats whats up. did you do anything last night?
  yes ma'am same here for the next 2 days. its much needed after this weekend. they was about to kill me
  thank ya! sorry i responded so late i went downtown to see fireworks
  just for show.. because i look good...
  you working today?
  good morning jamal ^_^
  pancakes and turkey bacon. u down?
  hey:))
  im doing pretty good! are you still in the city? if so we should hang out sometime
  hey there! how are you?
  me tooo
 - In my dont wanna be bothered zone
  hey how are you...imy!
 RT  RT  I'll leave the same way I came, and I wasn't born a twin.
 I'll leave the same way I came, and I wasn't born a twin.
  how are you lady! :)
  hey whats good! thanks for the follow!!!
  hello schnookums!
 The po po's are hot out here on 75..
 Put a little umph in it...
 -time to clean up this stuff! be back in a jiffy
 i love jagged edge!! mmmm mmm mmm!
  i will lol
  true! whats your granny number so i can call u sometime
  well i wont be till i get home and see some packed boxes but yeah it will be dope though
 something bout you that makes me weak & knocks me off my feet
  yeah! im going home to pack lol
  oh yeah we shall catch up! my mama tryna move here
  yeah i seen that too and on FB neither. i hope everything is okay with her.i wished she called if anything. but dang..
  wow!! how is mush doing? and dyron tall like that. dang!! too much steroids in foods these days!
  oh i bet! my brothers taller than me! well sean is and the zay is bout tall as me.. smh.
  congrats!! well next time i go down we shall link up! have u spoken to chelle
  so whats up with you and camden.. is she taking care of you?
  well how is everyone? im sure the kiddies are big now.
  thats great!! yeah boredom sucks true story.. where are u headed?
  haa my gma bout 100% so maybe so. she's as tall as me
  i recently went back down there..same stuff i swear
 Truth is, everybodys gonna hurt you, you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.
  for good or for a spell
  welp im indian so that dont count lol
  haha maybe its bc im hardly on here. how are things going? :)
  how is everything, i havent seen u on my timeline in a lonnnnnng time
  yo!
  oh my bad
  thats beautiful! glad to hear that. i am actually just working and going to school.. story of my life. :) u still in camden
  yes you need to come back this way...asap.
  nothing what it doobie?
  hey there! how have you been?
  how u been. long time id say. im just chilling how are u?
  hey van! im following mmmkay :)
  its going really great!! how about yours..?? im so ready to get back in class lol
 Seeing how these teen mothers are out here, i'm proud to say that i can wait on children..
 Neato!
  hey girl..
 RT  Lmao u crazy RT  S/o    metropointe fools lol
 -I hope jesus has a hotline number because id like to dial him personally and talk about the recent events..
 Crazy am i to stay? -Foolish of me to not want to go..
 ....never in all 22 years of my life!! & I honestly dont know how i'll move past this
 I enjoy laying outside by my lonesome listening to the crickets
  hey girl hope everything's okay with u. Call me u need to!
 I want to try that insanity workout..
 HEY ITS NATIONAL HIV TESTING DAY
 Man i dont understand what busta sayin lol
 BET AWARDS!!!
  yes! see u tuesday lady
 RT           ...
 Michelle Obama's speech has me very motivated to become the ''it'' factor in this generation
 .If you strike a woman, you strike a rock
 Sometimes i wish i still lived in Camden...
 Stackin kudos.... 
 Man this rain be makin some folks smell too funny.. True story
 Good morning folks! I'm out on my daily extravaganza. Make today a great one!
  :: "you fool up"
 RT   Boi E Hottt Owt cha lol
   :: "ineknow..."
  ....did they not recognize its BEEN summer time! its called global warming.. smh lbs
 You Better Stop Letting People Piss You Off & Start Feeding Em` Outta A Long Handle Spoon"!"
 Somebody rockin that kush cologne right about now & boy i tell ya its loud....REAL LOUD...
 Some people just love to be petty and nit pick..SMH. They can go on somewhere with that
 My next move is to a zumba dance/workout class :))
 ..tired..
 ..my heart and my mind are at war with each other..  :(
 I would love to drive a kia soul!!! :)
 RT  Just saw my good friend 
 I may not be your favorite color, but this same color may just be what u need to complete the picture....
 Tonight has been THE WORST night in my life being most recent....Maybe this city life aint for me.
 Yay! I have new lip jewelry!!
 H&M has a nice lil sale going on. I may spend a yard quick
 I havent seen so many Ratchet females in my life. Like seriously though
 Dudes be so thirsty these days
 - Im not a player, i just crush alot
 Watching Dr. Oz :)
  i did today.. my badd
  who bipolar? not me... only u
  haha its gon be a fight then! :P
  most def bff
  wow! really lol waaaht! idk that
  gaye &chardonnay -big sean ft ye & dash :)
 It was blazing hot in midtown..now all of a sudden its dark and lightnin in cobb. SMH
 The next time trey songz come to atlanta i'm going to see him! 
 Truth tho...
  aight
  yeah that means no comment
  awww!! ily more
  hmm no comprende! lol
  that i need to get back down to camden
  i absolutely love the new name hahaa
  hmmm yeah so i heard
  i sure do
 ...Laws of attraction... The lord is seriously testing me.
  no way.. never got that
  hahaha true story
  oh okay im good how are u? u been duckin off mister
  hahaa why i seen this RT on FB?
 I’m searching for today instead I found tomorrow..
 Im so OVER you...you and all your LIES...you making me CRY...then APOLOGIZE......im so OVER you.... ♥ ....SN:lesson learned.... ♥
  prolly in a few weeks why whats up?
 These bitter sweet moments kill me bruh. its a must that i come back in three weeks for real for real
  oops
  word? i didnt know that! lol
  thats whats good! good luck girl! i bet youre happy to leave bama
 RT  Miami missing all kinds of free throws
  u startin in the summer session or fall?
  oh! yeah thats right! those schools are good for inspiration within the campus.
  i am out of town miss thangg
  been wonderful! how about U?
  oh okay okay i can see you over there. what will u major in?
  camden co
 Cookin plantains! These are about to be on smash!
 So my liddo brother whoopin me in this wii bowling game haha
 ...so maybe earlier i got heated! sorry if anyone got offended. we are entitled to our own feelings. I appologize
  not even
   hey there lady!
 RT    
 RT            ...
  hey handsome face
  hey corey!
  uhmm i dont do stripper parties unless its some men! hahaa
  thats so true girl! u be on it! lol
  no u text me lol
  home visitin mi madre y abuela
  yurp
  dang way out there in LA? lol great job. so youre in LA now
 ...Well give me ya numba & i'll call...
 Bouta go see my granny poo! I doubt she's expectin me haahaha that lady's somethin else
 Ugh...i hate it when someone has THE NERVE to speak to me when their breath's smellin like yesterdaY
 Dang! I cant even get comfortable enough to get the slightest bit cozy. SMH. Like 4 hours to go!
 Homeward bound!!  Dat is..
 Sometimes i wish that me being me never got in the way of things.. Apparently this is the umteenth time!
 Lord knows i try. but maybe it's not to my full potential.
 ... I am not a suspicious kind of person. But why am i being perceived that way? ...SMH
 ....So i pretty much have 14 hours to go. Ok
  okay! sho nuff aint. im headed down that way though for the weekend
  yes ma'am im still here! how are u ?
  did u really?
  oh wow. yeah well u gon have to hahaa
  chillin whats good wit u
  geeesh! really!! congrats on that! be careful though. u know where that school's situated at.
  i gotcha!!!
  corey corey boy
  whats good
  man between school work and no play, im good. just trying to hurry and be done with school. u not moving back up this way
 ...i buy a pound break it down & put it in a stogie...
  well i will if im not working late. i'll keep u in mind
  !! *in my bernie mac voice* :)
  very passionately by connecting on an intellectual note
  uhm next weekend the 17th? thats good. u going to bday bash or something
  hey crystal! how u been girl
  noonie boobie! :) whats goodie
  hey there! how are u?
  whats good dude?
  hey so whats the latest news on everything?
  treyyyyyyyyyyyyyyneasaurus!
  joe? lol my name is eb dante j. haha hows hinesville
  oh thats understandable! lol i understand that. i just didnt want to put alot on the web haa how are u?
  hey!!
 ..shorts lookin like a pants & ish.. >>
  ive been great too between working full time and being a full time student, idk which is better lol but ive been low key out here
 Sometimes i'd rather be a guy. That way i wouldnt have to deal with being a women....
 FAMOUS AMOS COOKIES!!!!...CHOCOLATE CHIP & THE OATMEAL RAISIN KIND! :)
 Watching ghosts in mississippi..
 These buildings have beautiful architecture
 It just seems like im in love with all the Acuras!
 Yeah.. So today shall be good. Im off and on the move. Just two days left!
 headed to sleep with a :) on my face thanks to  goodnight everyone!
 feeling some type of way because its so refreshing to hear from this familiar voice again! :)  always amazes me when the convo is set
  just til monday prolly
  this friday! hey call me..
  check your DM
  uhm yeah! somebody i know is at large with the police ! DUFUQQQ? so i mean its wildin out there. i just talked w/ them yday
 ..dang i swear camden be gettin worse and worse. do i really wanna go back to visit tho? dang!!
  family double dare, carmen san diego, guts, legends of the hidden temple, are you afraid of the dark, clarisa explains it all
 “Seduce my mind and you can have my body, find my soul and I'm yours forever...”
 I am in love with your mind::One of the many sublime i
  dang well they gon end up winning but u know finals have their twists
  lol i will who won that game the other night?
  no by then i will be tired
  watching MTV and HGTV ! yup im staying in tune with every thing. i missed the news fooling with these channels
  how are u? i see youre watching the game. im not even in the mood for that
  -dancing to TLC doing the butterfly then switchin it up to the shabba ranks dances lol
  sounds like u have homes everywhere lol
  hmmm well u just all up through the carolinas huh? lol
  hey stokes
  well i may be goin there this weekend lol
 *sighhh i sometimes wonder why i even be so nice. folks take that for granted though. true story. i need to fix that for real
  -climbing trees
  dont be stealin my hide and seek with hide & freak lol
 ..man this is the weirdest thing yet. u cut me off for quite some time & hit me up randomly. part of me is relieved the other say fck off
  pink promises,,
  charleston south carolina. hittin up the chillybear lady house! :)
  - hide -n go seek
  -playing outside til the street lights came on lol
  not at all. i was going through my thing here and idk u were following me, sorry i WILL do better. how have you been?
  hey :) eh why i gotta be that tho
 Someone has the window open while the ac is on!!! Get out of here....No wonder the place cant cool down!
 ...Its just something about the deadbeat fathers.. Mine wana hear from me but idk. Lord  me...
  :)
  thats whats up! but its so weird calling him brown. ugh, no he will always be deshawn tho i dont get down wit that military stuff
  im in the atlanta area for now :) u visiting bighead d.brown these days? he is in augusta
  girl...if only you knew lol we are good though suppose to be gettin some new ppl soon. have u left?
 From afar, i swear these dudes look good. Nice shoes, a fresh cut..but little did i know.. They're gay! O_o 
 Good morning to you all! ...another day, another dollar :)
  hey Ms Que
  hey girl! hows everything with u
  hey there :)
 All the sexy girls all across the world working hard to get they cash 
  im great! i didnt even realize you were following me on here! haa im so glad classes are done! what are u doing for summer?
  girl i have been splendid. been much better now that i can work and save money lol u in columbus tho right?
  thats whats up!
  hey steph! how are u?
  hey whats good! thank you so much for the follow
  hey thanks for the follow! tweet me sometimes
  yoooooo! idk you were on twitter ms lady! lol how are u?
  i went out to strip in atlantic station
 Strip is where im at, how bout u? This passion on the beach is workin me hard so yes, im feelin real good!! :)
 Good morning!! The early birds always catches the worm... I think i caught a fat one. :) OAN- i cant wait for tonight!
 RT   Tomorrow  (1919 Metropolitan Pkwy, Atl, Ga,) Hosted By:  ...
 RT  God grant me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change the courage to accept the things i can &  the wisdom to kn ...
  evening
 MY JOB IS HAVING A HIRING EVENT! INVITES ONLY SO IF U ARE IN A DIRE NEED HIT ME UP FOR DETAILS!..
