 The Duck-Rabbit Porter on the Growler list  
  Hmmm...not sure how to respond to that except...Cheers!
  Not at the moment.  Best to just be nice to your cousin for the time being. Cheers.
 Draft Magazine's reviewhttp://bit.ly/nESsxD of our deliciously HOPPY Brown Ale
 A video of the collaboration between three NC breweries! 
 RT  Like em dark and roasty? Start your Friday night off right with a free tasting with  6-8 at 2nd & Poplar ...
  Thanks for making 2  's two of your top six, my man!  Chop! Chop!
 Hey everyone!  It's almost   Just add it to the choices.  ?  
 We just topped 2000 followers! Woohoo!!! Thank you fans!! Hope you are enjoying a Rabid Duck!!!!
 RT  Want to help Tornado Victims by drinking beer?? Come by any Tyler's location tonight & drink   ...
 RT  $100  GIft Card to winner of  Tournament at Thirsty Monk, Monday 4/25 6-9pm!!!   
 RT  Rick's in Alexandria still has several 6 packs of the phenomenal  Baltic Porter at a good price. 
 Have you heard of  100% proceeds benefit Boys & Girls Club of SE Raleigh:  Check It Out!
 Enjoying staring at the Milk Stout tap and how many times it is pulled  in 
 Yes! Russian Imperial draught is at Tryon Distributing. You should see it soon at your favorite draught house!!!
 Barleywine 3rd Place Best Of Show! 
 Turning out to be a gorgeous day for a festival!  Come by for some Milk Stout!
 Carolina Championship of Beer Barleywine-Gold, Milk Stout-Gold, Wee-Heavy- Silver. Woohoo!
 Gearing up for a great  Come see us! 
         Thanks!! Good company!!
 Double Dry Hopped Brown Ale Cask  tonight! 
  Actually the Rabid Duck has been delayed and will hopefully be out next week. Will keep u posted!
  no snifters right now. Working on finding a supplier. Keep checking back.
  love ya Karen. Wish u were hanging out with the Divas tonight! We're having fun!- Mary Eliza
  Tweet! Tweet!:-)
 RT  close race in the NC Craft Beer Madness final four,  vs  neck & neck.  ...
 Thank you  It was a fun night!! Have to say that you have the nicest staff! Makes for a great time, always!!
 RT  Our  rep is here! Stop by and say hello!
 RT  it's only 9:15 and i'm already excited for  pint nite at Tap City!
 RT  Stop by for dinner & look out for great giveaways from  &  as well as the comeback perf ...
  Yes! I think so, too!
 RT  Headed to  tonight for some  Dbl Dry Hopped Brown Ale in a CASK.  Who's joining me? 
  He is like the wind...:) Glad you loved the Barleywine. I love it too!
 RT   Fest tix on sale now!   Sells out every year! GREAT FESTIVAL!!!!
        
 TONIGHT!!! Special End of Reason Cask  Come have some! You will not want to miss this!!
   Thank you!
  Sent you a text.
  Hello you! Did you get your bottles??
 RT  Elite 8         ...
 Enter DRAFT's March Beer Madness 2011 Contest!  via  GO Duck-Rabbit!!!
   Asheville's new all beer trivia tournament starting 4/4. Great prizes!!! Follow it!
 End Of Reason Cask  in  March 23!! I mean WOW!!!!  
 RT  Also, just got word on the beer for next Thursday's Tap Nite. Duck Rabbit Dbl Dry Hopped Brown Ale in a CASK. Firki ...
 Tonight in  for  Brewpalooza  . Paul's Chistmas Vacation!!!! 
 AND Wed Night-Brewpalooza  in  for  Paul's Christmas Vacation will be on hand!!!!
 Come out tomorrow night for a taste  4-7pm. Will be yummy!!!
 Twenty-Two tonight! Great time   
 Gearing up for beer dinner tonight  !   The menu sounds amazing!!!
 Great Day with  ,   and   at Duckworth's and Brixx Uptown in  Thanks CCBW!
   good to hang out with today in   Cheers!
 DR End of Reason Cask at Duckworth's on Park in Charlotte. WAY YUMMY!  charlottecraftbeerwk
 RT   Milk Stout is now on the growler station! 
 Great time   ! Thank you Michael Brawley!!!
  that is so great to have that at the AVL airport. Been a long time coming!
 Beer Madness 2011 VOTE for Duck-Rabbit!!  via 
 What a great night! ACC Tournament and a Milk Stout. Happiness!
 RT  more $3 specials:  Baltic Porter,  St. Victorious,  Fruh Bock  
 RT  American Craft Beer Week coming to your neighborhood   Getting it together in your neighborhood.  ...
  Done! Thx!
 RT   Beer Pairing  Baltic Porter and Beef Ribs    ...
  we are out of snifters right now. Currently looking for a new supplier. If you know of anyone, do tell!
  loved being there tonight! It's always a fun time 
 RT  Heading over to  soon--to see the Beer City Fest tix scramble and catch up w  
 RT  Drinking a Duck-Rabbit Milk Stout by   Zero's Sports Bar & Grill — 
 RT  Beef ribs and side of Old Mill of Guilford Grits. With fountain  or a  Milk Stout. Way too good! ...
 RT  Phil Farrell is this year's Beer Drinker of the Year! Congrats!
  Sorry, most likely not going to happen. The brewer that made that beer moved to Denmark.
 Toast to Don!
 RT  Robert from  will be pouring samples tonite at Once Upon a Vine North, 5-8pm, including Baltic Porter!  ...
  thanks!!!
  Yes! Very cool!!!!
  Thank you! With your help as well!!
 RT  Recipe for  Milk Stout Chili Braised Pork Cheeks:  from Rooster's Beak in Augusta, GA vi ...
  Peace St.Market and Harris Teeter on Oberlin.  Let me know if not.
  Thanks for coming out last night to  It was great seeing you and your husband!!
 Hey Charlie! We love your back drop!  via  
 Milk Stout Cask with  last night was fabulous. Thank you Escazu for the extra lusciousness.
  We are looking forward to some fine foods paired with some fine beers!! Thanks for having us!!!!
 .     
 Cheers!   Jonny  & Evan  Great night! Thanks  for a great time!
 RT  Here's that photobomb! Wrong link earlier!  (cc:   
 RT  To all my Maconite Tweeps---Mellow Mushroom off Bowman road with  Amber on draught in the next few days. G ...
 Yeah! DUCK-RABBIT!
 
 TUESDAY  7pm  AVL 5 CASKS        
  great! See you there!!!
 RT  Take a look at the menu for Wednesday nights dinner with  We're excited a now a bit hungry-   ...
 RT  Guess what kids? We just tapped  brown ale &  cappuccino stout! Who wants some?
 RT     & French Broad Draft Beer Pints $1off today! 
 Check this video out!! Craft Beer Profitability  via 
  yes! Someone from all the breweries will.
 RT   BEER         ...
  2/22  7pm  5 CASKS       
  thank you!!!
  in Knoxville tonight! Come and have a taste!!
  whoops! Knoxville. Maybe we can get something going there too!
  tasting Duck-Rabbit brews! Come on out!!! 
  tonight Kville!! Come have a taste!!!
 RT  3PM EST voting closes for the  Porter vs.  Milk Stout. Vote here: !
 MARK ur calendar! 2/22  7pm  5 CASKS       
 RT  We are now pouring the amazing Baltic Porter from our friends down  come on in and enjoy a pint on...  ...
 RT  Join us 2day for $3 NC btls.  Feat  Kolsch & Wit,  Gaelic,  Pale, &  ...
 Baltic Porter still available  Ales in 
 RT  Look forward to some draft and bottle changes next week! Hint:    !!
  will catch up!!!
 RT  Just ordered new bottles from    How does $3  bottles on Wednesdays ...
  what would what be? Seasonal? Barleywine hitting stores between now and early next week.
  thank you!
  Owner/ Brewmaster Paul Philippon will be there. Will bea great time, I am sure.
  looking forward to it!!
 Congrats       for Rate Beer 2011 Best Of.. List!
 RT  meeting with  .  We are going to schedule a  tasting. stay tuned....
  DUCK-RABBIT Seasonal....just sayin'
 RT  Poll: Which NC brew would like to see on draft  that you don't already see?    ...
  Thanks for the support! Get ur Duck-Rabbit there in 
 RT  Picked up some    & more at Whole Foods. Lovely  Old Horizontal  ...
  One can find us in Pennsy. Not sure exactly where in Pitt, etc.
 Winter Warming it up!!! 
 Wiinter Warmer warm up!! And World Beer in Columbia!! Come on out!!
  They might not be there tomorrow. Two beer Fest this weekend. Did you want to go tomorrow?
  try calling 252.753.7745. Leave a msg if no answer. Tell them Mary Eliza sent you. Have fun!!!
  Thank you so much for hosting such an event. We really appreciate the support!!
 Check this video out -- Duck-Rabbit Firkin tapping  AVL  via 
  Rabid Duck will be ready around the middle of March. Will keep you posted!
  hate to have missed u! Next time say Hello!
 Six new beer collaborations 
  Barrel-Aged Porter. WOW!
  where are you? Would love to say Hi!
 50 MINS 1 Duck-Rabbit Firkin Gone!! Thanks 
 Almost gone!    
 Come out to  tonight for a firkin of Barrel Aged Porter & keg of 2010 Barleywine, Milk Stout and Amber. 
 RT   dinner tonight in Cary; 8 seats just opened up; call now 919-233-1632 four beers; four courses; 40 bucks
 Beer Dinner Tonight   Come taste amazing creations of food paired with amazing creations of  Call 4 reservations!
 The end of the Marzen  in  This is it!
 Come out to  Thursday night for a firkin of Barrel Aged Porter and a keg of 2010 Barleywine, Milk Stout and Amber. YUM! 
 RT   Have you tried the  Baltic Porter?  On tap at the Fed, I drank one the other night and lov ...
 RT  First Taps & Tapas event at  featuring  for an  re vie 
 RT  Just tapped a keg of  Baltic Porter ...so, so good!!!
 RT  Just updated the Draft  list!  www.brickstorepub.com  Burton baton,  Curieux,  ...
 RT   thanks will! have you heard about our  beer dinner in feb?
 RT  Who's joining me  for the  Beer Dinner Jan 20?   
  You can stop at the Food Lion in Farmville. Or the Harris Teeter in Wilson. Nothing much in Rocky Mount, tho.
 Vote  .COM for your favorite beer of 2010! The DR Barrel Aged Milk Stout was/is VERY yummy!! Just saying.
 Tasting Wednesday  in  Then  on THURS for a cask of Barrel Aged Porter and 2010 Barleywine. YUM! 
 RT  For food/beer lovers, head over to  on Jan 17 for their Taps & Tapas Dinner:  featuring ...
  Thx for getting this together, Audra! I registered tonight. Looking forward to it!!! 
 Checkout "The North Carolina Brewers Guild & Asheville Brewers Alliance invite you to "An..."  via 
 RT   Taco Mac Marietta 
 RT  Join  (Cary) for the  "Don't Be Afraid of the Dark" beer dinner, Jan 20.  ...
  thanks! Cheers!
  working on it. Their system has had some bugs in it.
  not gonna make it. Live too far north. Road did not get scraped. Will try again. Cheers!
  will see if I can get away.
 RT  On tap 2nite  wee heavy  torch & hoppyum   smoking mans lunch   pe ...
 RT  It's Christmas in Jan and Feb all over again! Amazing events in the works, including a chocolatier & an awesome brewm ...
   dinner Cary 1/20 "
  yes!
 RT  Just added  Baltic Porter to the bottle list  We have two cases. Come get some!
 RT   RT  TheFredBar 
 RT  Just tested out the marshmallow w! Stout fondue for  dinner in Cary, Jan 20. Yum!
  thank you!
 RT  Just tapped: Duchesse de Bourgogne,  GUBNA,  Baltic Porter! 08 Horn Dog bottles here as w ...
 Brown and Milk Stout" Do you know you can find  at Ingles? 
 RT  The tap lineup for a few days  hog wild ipa  wee heavy  torch pils   ...
 RT  Just tapped  Baltic Porter!
 RT  Anyone know if they still have any  Pauls Xmas Vacation left at  Or anywhere else in 
 Happy New Year!
 RT  Just found out  has  Milk Stout bottles. Be still my heart!
  NY Strip...DR Amber... YUM!
 Get some before Avett!  update! Marzen  Mellow, Xmas Vacation  , Milk Stout  buy 'em 
     EXPLAIN NATE!
 Great Lakes v. Duck-Rabbit  via 
 RT  After some trouble back on track!  Edmund Fitzgerald vs.  Milk Stout voting closes at  ...
 RT  Don't miss local seasonals,  Baltic Porter and French Broad Wee-Heavy-est. 
 RT  Thirsty? It's time for a pint of  Milk Stout!  
  Or rather auto correct on Droid X. Tyler's instead of Rulers.
 Christmas Vacation Pint Night Rulers Durham! YUM!
 RT  Anyone interested in  Paul's Christmas Vacation   for pint night?
  Look forward to seeing you then! I'll come out for a beer!!!! Cheers! AND Happy Holidays!
   Heading East for Christmas. Stopping by Tyler's Durham for Christmas Vacation Pint Night. Will be there 4:30ish.
 RT  the link is up, the phone lines open; reserve a spot for our  dinner in Cary Jan 20 (we'll have s'mor ...
  Thank you!! We think of Christmas when the Baltic Porter comes out, too! Cheers!
 RT   and  at JCT Kitchen in Atlanta. 
 RT  Congrats 5,000 follower  And huge thanks to all of you for even caring a smidge about 
 RT  Ah,  Baltic Porter is out. It's the most wonderful time of the year!
 RT  picked up  Baltic Porter & some others in bombers ( Sam's Quik Shop) 
   Still working on this. Having some technical difficulty. Will let you know when it is approved through brewery.
  No, Sorry! Only in PA and points South. Maybe one day we will head that way, though. Thanks for the support!
 RT   Paul's Christmas Vacation is flowing downstairs. 
 RT  Happy Friday ...on tap  Wee Heavy   torch, hoppyum, & total eclipse  Carver
 RT  Both Mother Earth's Silent Night and the enviable Duck Rabbit's Pauls' xmas will be tapped this week. Stay tuned.  ...
   Sounds delicious. Tuna tartar.... YUM!
  HuH! Maybe the Heels might actually make it to 20 wins this season.
   Did the Heels win?
 DR Paul's Christmas Vaca at  on tap NOW! Run and get it while you can! RUN.. don't walk.
  thank you for thinking of us!
 RT  Just had many great beers at  chief among them  Paul's Christmas Vacation randalled through ...
 RT  putting the final touches on a menu for  beer dinner on Jan 20 in Cary; reserve your spot now.
 RT   Taco Mac Metropolis New on Draft  - Stone Old Guardian 2008 , Duck Rabbit Milk Stout, Dogfish Pangaea
 RT  6:30 tonight, FREE tasting! Tis the season for Scotch Ales, a fine assortment from  French Broad & Orkney
 RT  Blues N' Brews Feat.  Paul's Christmas Vacation on tap 12/8  Very ltd. release.   ...
 RT  Don't forget this Saturday  pint night with Paul's Christmas vacation, wee heavy, and doppelbock starts  ...
 RT  Sierra Nevada Celebration,  Wee Heavy Scotch and Catawba Valley Raspberry Stout on tap   ...
  No, we just stick to the normal CO2 sankey.
 RT  RT  Join us next Wed, Dec. 8  5:30pm for the 1st meeting of the  Beer Divas!  
   Duck-Rabbit is actually from Farmville, NC. About an hour east of Raleigh, just west of Greenville, NC.
 RT  Sat. Dec 11 join us for  Pint Night w/ kegs of Pauls Christmas Vacation, Wee Heavy, & Doppelbock..Party  ...
 If you missed Paul's Christmas Vaca  will b on draft by end of next week  Avl. ROUND 2! Ding! Ding!  
 RT  Nice! RT  RT  in Beer – Mary Eliza McRae    ...
 Women in Beer Series - Mary Eliza McRae  via  Cheers!
 Worth it!  Venturing out in the cold for  Christmas Vacation  Glad it's 10%. Gonna need it to warm up.
 RT  Now on draft:  Wee-Heavy,  Mach X,  Smoked Baltic Porter
 RT Thoughts and prayers to his family. RT  Flat Rock Wine Shoppe Owner David Brannock Dies At 53 
  Hope you can make it out tomorrow night for the release of Paul's Christmas Vacation  downtown.
  Hope to see you  tomorrow night. The Christmas Vacation beer will not be one that you want to miss!! Come have a beer!
 Paul's Christmas Vacation being tapped  downtown in Asheville on Wednesday evening. YUM!! 
 RT  As yeah,  Paul's Christmas Vacation   Damn fine stuff!
 RT  [HOLIDAY HRS] 12-8pm today; CLOSED Thanksgiving; 12-9pm Fri/Sat; 12-4pm Sun. And some T-giving beer rec's >  ...
  on Wade Hampton in Greenville, SC, WILL be open on Thanksgiving Day. If you need a delicious Duck-Rabbit!
 RT  We'd like to thank Mary Eliza from  for 2 great tasting sessions at the    ...
 RT  Duckworth's (CLT) in Nov/Dec  w/its top10 best selling beverages:  Rabid &   ...
  Don't think so.
  Tonight! Tasting of The Duck-Rabbit!!  
 Yeah Spike!! 
 RT  Great job Sam!  
 Great job Sam!  
 RT  Tweet using  +  during the premiere to enter our contest!  Just RT!
 RT  Carrying 2  beers - Milk Stout and Brown Ale.  MS was the 1st keg we ran out of   Maybe  ...
 RT   First keg of Wee-Heavy gets tapped at Taco Mac Prado.  Get it while it's COLD!
  Are you tying one on tonight? Or just doing inventory?
 Congratulations to you, NEW FOLLOWER!!! You know who you are!!! You are 
 JUST WENT OVER 1000 FOLLOWERS!!! Big night for the Duck-Rabbit!!!
  Maybe.. How would I get it to you? We don't carry much in the way of POS.
 Just enjoyed a DR Wee Heavy! WOW! The brewers rocked it!!
  Friggin, Friggin, Friggin... :)
  FYI- is hosting a Christmas Vacation Pint Night on the 1st downtown. YUM!  
 I have 999 followers. 999. Great number.
  Coming to   and Universal Joint in Asheville. Not sure when they will all tap, but ask 'em! CRAZY HOPPY!
 Christmas Vacation is on the truck! Get ready for here it comes! 
 Christmas Vacation is on the truck! Get ready for here it comes!!!!
 RT  Winter Seasonal Specialty   Wee Heavy Scotch Style Ale
 RT   Double Cream, De Molen Disputin,  Ten Fidy,  Black Chocolate,   ...
 RT  Mark your calenders for Sat December 11... Pint Night, kegs of wee heavy scotch ale and Pauls Christmas  ...
 RT   Stoutfest in Athens!  Milk Stout on draught.  
 Olde Rabbit's Foot night cap. YUM! And good night!!!
  Sent it to your blog. Check it out.
  Are you out of town this week??? Our talk will have to wait. Where are you going?
  Well, that would be me. I'm Mary Eliza McRae.  I have been in the industry since 2003. Member of Pink Boots, too. Does that work?
 RT   Nice meeting you yesterday! Check out my post about the release event!  ...
  ask Paul! Maybe some went home????
  sorry. I won't be in that area any time soon. However, there was a 4 btl limit.
  sorry. Olde Rabbit's Foot only was released today in bottles. One time, one day sale.
 RT  Behind the Brews summary       
  who are you looking for?
 Have a nice stash of Olde Rabbit's Foot to get me thru the year. Wow! It's good on tap, too. Benefit of being  
  think I have a personal bottle with your name on it. Will talk!
  not too bad of a line, yet. Look for me in DR hoodie.
 In line for some Olde Rabbit's Foot!!  
 Olde Rabbit's Foot Saturday!! And I've got New Glarus Raspberry Tart!! Woohoo!! 
  Thanks for the RT! It was a good time. I like radio!
 DR Podcast... Stouts... 
 Beer in Moderation= Health Benefits....
 Tasting tonight at Total Wine in Greenville, SC! Come out for some delicious Duck-Rabbit!!!
  I agree about the Brown being great. I serve it at my house consistently.
 RT  This  brown ale is great.
  so are you guys to include us in yours! Cheers!!
 RT  We have Beef Stew - perfect for rainy weather! On tap:  Brown,  IPA, and Pyramid Snow Cap.
  Nov 6  in Winston Salem.
 Monday 11/1  downtown Asheville The Beer Society " All Things Stout, featuring the Milk Stout" 6 pm. 
 RT  Beer dinner with  Oct 28 in Greensboro; 4 beers, 4 plates, 40 bucks!
 Paul's Christmas Vacation Double Brown Ale due out before Thanksgiving!! Keg only to a tap near you!!!
 DR Wee Heavy Scotch Ale coming out in the next couple of weeks! Get ready! If you love that Marzen, get it before it is gone!!!! 
 Olde Rabbit's Foot coming the 6th of Nov. in W-S   A 3 way YUM! DR+ Foothills+Olde Hickory!!! See you in line! 
 Ha!Ha!Ha! LOLHard! RT  If you ever see me drinking a Bud Lite Lime, I have been kidnapped and am trying to signal you!
 What a great day to be in Tennessee  
 Headed to Knoxville Brewer's Jam and Wilmington this weekend! Come see us at one of the Festivals! 
 Yes! It is true...Olde Rabbit's Foot is coming soon in 22oz bottles only. More to come. 
  Olde Rabbit's Foot...22oz btls. More to come..
  We'll have to wait and see! More to come... 
 Three words...Olde Rabbit's Foot. Coming soon...stay tuned for details.
 Getting ready DR and great food pairings at Ruka's Table in Highlands 2nite! Beautiful weather and beautiful leaves here!!! 
 Can't wait to do it more!RT    all left. Now I'm just the sad girl at 
  yes!  now drinking again. Will be primed when I see you!
 RT  Congrats to  USBTC Grand Champion Dark Lager/Dunkel for Schwarzbier! 
 RT  Now serving limited release  Marzen on tap
 Great weather to sit outside at Mellow Mushroom in Asheville and enjoy a DR Amber! Yum!  
 Yes, It is true! The Wee Heavy Scotch Ale is almost here! The Marzen will be gone for another year! Get it while you can!!!
 RT  Asheville Beer City Divas are coming alive! Stay tuned, Ladies, to see how you can join us!
 Is back online! New computers rock!!
  The Barrel Aged Milk Stout was a one time thing with very few kegs available. The last keg was/is at Tyler's in Durham. YUM!
 Thank you!RT   bourbon bbl milk stout is rock n roll! 
 Nice segment  on  about new tasting room. Looking forward to seeing it tomorrow.  
  thank you! We agree, our Marzen is "good stuff"!
 Looking forward 2 it! RT  n Greensboro.  Beer dinner with  on Oct 28. be here
  thank you for the support!!! DR Milk Stout, Amber, Porter and Marzen!!!  
  yes, indeed!
 Great article  in  Way to go 
 Yiks!!!RT  Structure Fire Biltmore Park, Brixx Pizza - 45 firefighters to control structure fire
  I thank you for this review, too! I am not Paul, but I will be sure to tell him.
 Curras Dom in Woodfin has the DR Marzen. What a fantastic eatery!!! Yum! Yum!  
 RT  The Duck-Rabbit Amber Ale:      One thing I love is when Craft Breweries send Representatives ... 
   Use the Mucinex nasal spray! It will make you feel amazing!!!!
   No, but thanks for asking. Our market just does not reach that far.
 Enjoying a wonderful lunch with  Tony Kiss.  
 RT All  line up  w/       
 D-R Brown on draft  The Vault on Rankin in Asheville!! One of my favorites! Hoppy bitterness with smoothness of Brown Ale. 
 My brain is fried after  weekend! Where am I?? I need a D-R Brown Ale.
 Trending on my timeline:      Find yours  
 I should become a food critic on the side.
 I think I agree! RT  Of all the beers I had  the  barrel-aged Milk Stout was by far my favorite.
 RT   We just did a dinner with  and made a delicious Candied Bacon Malted Milk Cake w/Milk S ...
 Barrel aged Milk Stout tapped  come by!!!
 Yeah Baby!RT  Oh Yeah!  Wee Heavy Scotch Style Ale.    
 With bells on! RT  Set up today went mahvelous. I guess I'll see all you peeps tomorrow.
 DR Marzen is amazing this year! Get it while you can!
 Drinking Amber at Barley's getting ready for BREWGRASS!!   
 Drinking Amber at Barley's getting ready for BREWGRASS!!
 Tomorrow night! D-R beer and food pairings with Frankie Bones group  High Vista CC! Few seats left!   
  Hey! I'll keep ya posted! Thinking start in Oct. Maybe at  Girls night out with good beer conversation! Whatcha think?
 Looking to join/start/find women in beer industry that would like to meet once a month and discuss/taste beer in Avl, NC.  
 RT   word has it that they are not. Too bad! I will miss an  Imperial!  
 Moe's Original BBQ in Biltmore/ Asheville! Yummy!!! Especialy with a Milk Stout!!!! Happy Monday to me!
  word has it that they are not. Too bad!
  LoL!!!
 Top of the Hops Festival in Charlottesville was a good one today. I'm sure the football games today were just as great!
  Thank you for the Duck-Rabbit support!!!
 Get your reservations now for DR beer dinner at High Vista Country Club, AVL. Tues. Sept 14!! Gonna be a good one!!!   
 Get your reservations now for DR beer dinner at High Vista Country Club, Asheville. Tues. Sept 14!! Gonna be a good one!!!
 Getting ready for DR Beer Dinner with Frankie Bones in South Asheville on the 14th!    
 It is a gorgeous day to be thinking beer!!!
 Gearing up for High Country Beer Fest this weekend! What a great weekend to be in Boone!   
  Very special thing that doesn't happen but a few times in a life time!! There might be something else that pops up for Brewgrass!
 RT   I got mine last week at Carrboro Beverage!
 Whoa! Just saw Distributor report showing so few cases left of the Schwarzbier. Better get some today!!! I'll be by 
  Great place in Greenville, SC to get AMAZING beer!!
  I believe there is a Barrel Aged Milk Stout being tapped today  Thirsty Fest!
 Hope everyone going to the Great North Carolina Beer Fest has a great time. Looking forward to hearing about it...
 What do you drink then? RT  LOL Awesome. RT   I have never spent $30 on beer 
  breathe!
  - After 16 4oz ales & bottomless food for $30. Good price!
  we had a great time last night! Thoroughly enjoyed our table, beers, and competition!!! Thanks!!
 Schwarzbier is almost gone until next year. If you want some more you better get it quickly!
  Happy late Birthday!! Hope yesterday was awesome for you!!!
 Schwarzbier on tap at Thirsty Monk downtown Asheville. Will soon be gone! Get it while you can....
 Amen! RT  “Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish, and he will (cont) 
  Happy Birthday, ya Leo!! My big day is the 28th! August birthdays are cool!!!
 RT  RT  [THURSDAY TASTING 8/12 5-7pm]  Beer lineup >>   
 RT  Drinking  draft Swarzbier at the  Uptown Umprella Market.  It's (cont) 
 Schwarzbier on tap at Barley's in Asheville!! Worth getting a sip of before it is gone!!!
  Cheers to you and the family!!!
 Watching the lightning with a Brown Ale from the top of my mountain is intense! Lightning everywhere!!!
 RT  [THURSDAY TASTING 8/12 5-7pm]  Beer lineup >>   
 Schwarzbier on tap now at Brick Store Pub in Decatur!! Thank you Brick Store!!!
 RT  [THURSDAY TASTING] 5-7pm 8/12  in the house! Come meet Mary Eliza.   
 Milk Stout on draught at the Salty Caper in Salisbury. What a menu!!! 
 RT  Just hooked up Duck Rabbit Scharwzbeir to the Draught Wall.     (cont) 
 Tasting the Milk Stout, Brown and Schwarzbier today, 5-7 at Hops and Vines in West Asheville!! Come on down!!!
  not sure about Cary..will get you an answer!
 Tomorrow night we are sampling three D-R brews  Hops and Vine in West Asheville!! Starting at 5!!!
 Yummy D-R Schwarzbier is on tap at Melton's App and Tap in Decatur, Ga! Yum! Yum!
 D-R Schwarzbier rated 96!!  
 Hey Georgia! D-R Schwarzbier is on tap  WestsideOctane /Atlanta! First chance to taste one of our lagers on draft in the area!!!
 Schwarzbier should be hitting the shelves by the beginning of next week in NC. Not sure of other places.
 Woohoo  Congrats on the next step completed!!!
 Pack's Tavern a great bar with Duck-Rabbit Brown on draft. Yummy!! Come here and get ur head on straight before Shindig On The Green on Sat.
 Get ready! It's coming! Schwarzbier!!!
 That's right! Thirsty Thursday  in Chapel Hill! Come taste Duck-Rabbit 'til 9!!!
 Double Dry-Hopped Brown Ale  in Winston!! yum! yum!
 Duck-Rabbit Double Dry Hopped Brown Ale Cask! Tonight  5 pm  in Winston-Salem!
 D-R is also appearing at a fest outside of DC in N. Virginia. Don't know name, but it starts at 11 and runs into the night. Say HI to Paul!!
 Brew Bern Fest today! Drop by and say HI to Matt! I am sure he will have something "wild" there to sip!
 Headed to Harrisburg, PA for Harrisburg Brewer's Fest. I love beer fests in PA.
 It's tapped and tasty! Come and get a taste of the Cask Conditioned Milk Stout at Peabody's in Boone!
 Cask-Conditioned Milk Stout tasting today  Peabody's Wine and Beer Merchants in Boone at 5!
 Milk Stout on Cask at Peabody's in Boone on the 15th at 5pm!!
  what r u tasting now?
  So Johnny is 29! Is that "an holding"? Or just 29?
 Partying  with 
 Starting the weekend off right with a Duck-Rabbit Milk Stout at the Corner Kitchen. Yum!
 Gearing up for Beer City Festival on Saturday. See you there!
 It is official... Full time Duck-Rabbit employee as of 6/1!
 Open House  the brewery! What a great day for some Duck-Rabbit!!
 Just had a few beers with the Mayor of Foothills Brewing  Yummy IPAs!!
  Oh well! Will have another beer sometime.
 Hey  We are on our way there. Ya gonna be there for an hour more?
 Getting ready to travel to the brewery for the weekend! Open House Time!!!
 Enjoying a night cap!
 Duck Rabbit Brown on draft  Pack's Tavern Asheville! Yummy!!
 Come find me  the trade show!
 May 8th Open House  the Brewery in Farmville! Everyone is invited! Come celebrate with us!!!
 News travels slowly... Milk Stout wins Best Of Show  Hickory Hops' Carolina Championship of Beer!
 May 8th Open House  brewery. Come on over to Farmville!!
 Hey  Did you get what you asked for?
 Hey!  check your facebook inbox.
 Long Awaited Duck-Rabbit Barleywine will be out next week. ASK for it!! Very limited release!
 RT love this! Happy Valentine's Day! Remember, "If you can't drink the beer you love, love the one you're drinking"
  Finished the night with a 2009 Duck-Rabbit Barleywine!
  It is coming to Bruisin Ales asap.
