 Goodnight everyone . 
 Now to hit the hay with   
 RT  Lmfaoooooooooooo Justin afraid to go to the bathroom !! Quien lo manda ablar de brujeria !! Lol
 Ended up having a crazy ass talk with everyone in this housee ! Talk about bonding 
 RT    Lmfaooooo ; you guys are weird love you :-*
 RT  Go ahead, try to rain on my parade. I'll dance in it.
 RT  I love how he keep my body screamin'!
 I got chu  RT  RT  Laying with  for now . Its nice and cold in heree . / touch her booty for me
 In a bit of pain .. Lower right side of my back to be exact .
 RT  We knocking out !!!!! Lol RT  Laying with  for now . Its nice and cold in heree .
 Laying with  for now . Its nice and cold in heree .
 RT  This hookah shit is fucking me up! But glad I can do O's only reason I keep doing it :P
 I would love nothing more thn to knock out in  's room and thn teleport back to the beach house early morn
 Legit . Im smelling good . I wanna lick myself ..
 I like my legs tanned . Makes me wanna feel em all the time
 Got some visits .. Love erboddyyy but im tired .
 26,800 .
 RT  "  notice EVERYTHING."
  and i  youu !  RT  S/o to my hot ass gf  !! I love youuuuuuuu :)
 Hitting the showers 
 RT  i do what i do and you do what you can do about it
 Lets practice eating out .. At a fancy restaurant 
 I love my mom. We just cant live together
 I feel like this seperation did mumsie and i justice .. When i move out , i know we will be like bffls
 Talked to my mommy earlier  she thought i forgot about her !
 Getting tiredddddd . . .
 RT  Life gets more complicated.
 RT  I dont wanna fight, i would rather kiss you.
 -_- shh ! Lol RT   how much ?
  Family Guy
 Milk and cookies 
 RT  I really really dislike when someone saids there going to do something , but don't end up doing it !
 RT  Ain't nobody gonna love you, like I'm gonna love you.
 "A family that kegals together , stays together"
  Keeping up with your kardashians
 RT  I better find your lovin , I better find your heart , with all my love .. Nothings gonna tear us apart .
 RT  Just respect me and Ill respect you .. That's all I ask for from anybody
 RT  
 And ur one of them . HA ! RT  My family has too many weird kids !
 RT  Clearly if they bother you that much to the point you cant see them on your TL you're the one with the issues lol. Yo ...
 Dont wanna go , dont wanna stay but i really need to get it together
 You used to say it'll be ok , suggest little nice things i should
 RT  RT  Mee likee . Very original RT   tat // Thanks jen jen
 Mee likee . Very original RT   tat
 Let me do what you want me to do tonightt
 Yay ! Tomorrow is MovieMonday at Hampton
 If you only knew what the future holds ...
 Own the night liek the fourth of July ! 
 Roses are red , violets are blue .. FUCK YOU WHOREEE ! 
 Me and my people do it big out in public , cuz if you dont do it big bitch you aint doing nothinggggggggg
 Yooooo but who is this dude ?!
  lmao , your too much ! 
 Let you put your hands on me in my skin tight jeans , be a teenage dream tonight 
 RT   Ahhh , ill bring him down , bring him downn downnnnnn // but i wanna be on top
 RT  Wakee me up & love me down
 Ahhh , ill bring him down , bring him downn downnnnnn
 A king with NO crownn
 RT  The truth is, I use to consider you a friend, but the moment I turned my back I found out you were just another knife.
 RT  I gotta huge heart yo
 RT  I'm his topnotch.
 RT  I be happy with you just around , I don't care about sex , I just want your comfort ..
 RT   there shouldnt be a reason , respect your female always no matter how much they piss you off
 Wakee up me up & love me down
 Popsiclessss !
 Baby please dont gooo , if i wake up tomorrow will you see be here ?
 Ill be there when your insecure , always let you know that your lovely
 Baby makin musiccc ! For the grown and sexy 
 RT  " Believe me  dont ask you a question for a fake answer."
 RT  I just wanna love you baby, I knew it from the very start.
 RT  Yeeaaaaaa, oh lets do it!
 Finallllllyyyyyyy ! Learned how to do O's ! Now im doing them constantly on point 
 Happy dance ! RT  Taught  how to do O's on the hookah
 Yes i said it . I said it . I said it cuz i can !
 RT  You can't change the past, and you don't know what the future holds. All you can do is cherish the gift that they call ...
 RT  At the arcades - lol we little kid at heart 
 RT  Dinner ; w-      &  :))  we a lilo family lmao j.k
  but try again in ten minutes
 Skype me in ten and / or try facetime RT  I NEED TO TALK TO  !!! FACETIMING WITH THIS BIOTCH IS IMPOSSIBLE!!!!!
 Its impossible for any of us to take a full on napp .. We too hyped here LOL 
 Woke up from my nap .. Out with everyone 
 RT  There are two reasons why people don't talk about things; either it doesn't mean anything to them, or it means everything.
 RT  Finally found the missing part of me.
 RT  RT if you only know when people's birthdays are because of FaceBook.
 RT  RT if you are terrible with remembering names.
 RT  RT if you hate when people stare at you.
 RT  RT if you overthink.
 RT  Just tell me you love me.
 RT  I love pink lemonade!
 RT  RT  A  female will stand by her man.
 I hope everyone comes to visit early today , i know by the night time ima be dead .
  goooooddddddddddddddd !
 Earlier today  
 Wish you would of stayd :( RT  Whaaa I miss the girls -______________-
 Lolll :P RT   in general Jenny don't chu start
 RT  At the kitchen table, smoking hookah B)
 Im gunna be reallyyyyyyy mad if my girld friend  and  dont come to the beaxh house like today ! 
 Awwww ! RT  Respect me as a boyfriend n Ull be happiest girlfriend alive 
 RT  I bet if I lick that spot then you won't act like that
 RT  Hookah hitting hard 
 All of us have been talking about taking a nap . Ask me if we've taken one yet lolll
 That shower was tooooo good !
 About to nap , im getting sleepy
 RT  “ Heading back to the beach house to eat and hangout ”
 RT  Its the simple things that make me smile .
 Heading back to the beach house to eat and hangout 
 RT  I hope  gets my green anklet since I can't get it
 RT  Girliessssss <3    & i  
 Laying on the beach . Water is on point !
 Quien te cambio ?
 Waiting for my turn to shower , wompp 
 Wafflleeeesssss !
 Feeling super energized , about to get ready to head to the beach with everyone in this beach house 
 GoodMorning Everyone ! 
  goodnighttttttt !
 RT  Goooodnight       
 Bed with 
 RT  Beachhouse coolin with       nd me   ...
 RT  que cute “ Awww  +    ”
 RT  Awww  +    
  ! 
 26,700
 Chill vibe ..
 RT  RT ok text me now O.O  Pass by the beach houseee ! We're on hampton close to the arcade place RT ... http ...
 I been craving everythinggg ! Im pregnant -.-
 Enjoying the beach weather w/     and  
 Love you too snookums !  RT    i love you guys =)
  cheaa . Celebrating  's bday 
 Come to the beach house with thw guys tonight !!! RT  Who wanna see me n  ?
 We miss youuuu TONS ! RT  I miss all my friends!
 Dkk  is on twitaaaa ?!!!
 Laxxinn 
  justin odcar and janery . Call me
 Ima have to spray this house again -_- our neighbors are smoking !
  I havee and nadaaaaaa
  yeaa that will doo
  lolll yea thatttt !
 RT  “ Does anyone have a radio and a plug to connect to the radio ? Lmkkkk” other words a receiver and an au ...
 RT  Someone help us out with music! ,
 Does anyone have a radio and a plug to connect to the radio ? Lmkkkk
 Pass by the beach houseee ! We're on hampton close to the arcade place RT  Beach tonight ... Doesn't sound bad at all
 If your noy bringing lq , bring food .. Esp home cooked meals :)
  lollll , mmk 
 Ughh i have a huge wedgie too and i cant pick it 
  ahh the worsttt . Im about to make domeone feed me !
 Oh mann my nails are wet and i wanna eat
 Yayy , mmk RT   lol tabien, ill bring it to you when i go tonight
 YES ! RT   lol do you really want it?
  give em to meeeeeeeee !!!!!!!!!
 RT  I wanna see people here tonight! & bring w.e LQ you got! :D
  i have noooo ideaaa ! Lol shes not here yet
  right now just us girls .
 Everyone should come thruuuuuuuuuu like nowwwwwww !
 Done unpacking . Now to shower 
 Finally at the beach house ! Woot wootttt !
 RT  i think i wanna go to the beach house tonight .. hmmm   - ill put $$ just for the night
 RT  Mine tooooo RT  “ You - Romeo ” my fav
 RT  “ You - Romeo ” my fav •• mine too ! Lol
 RT  Wooooo we getying chocolate waste !! RT  Happy Birthday  ! Woot woottttt !  !
 RT   who never Understands when they get rejected
 RT   thats on your significant others Dick just because you're with em
 They looking at you like you fell off .
 Fuck all these niggas and tell these bitches to kiss my ass
 Im smoking dope , im on my cellphone , im selling dope , straight off the iphone
 RT   will I get back with any of my EXs ..
 RT  Make time for what you want. Make sure you know what you want before asking for it.
 Soy adicta a tu sexo
 You - Romeo 
 Ready to go  
 Woke up from my nap . Had a dream with erbboodddyyyy and shitt
 RT  Most of my followers are making their profiles private  what's the point!?
 Nap with  
 Omg what a mission to brig down my luggage !
 My mom and i already going at it . THANK GOD im fucking out for a week .
 GoodMorning everyone 
 RT  mc'donalds timee ! missing my crew     , && 
 RT  I feel like I overpacked but I never know what I'm gonna wear so it's better to bring extra shit to just throw on.
 RT  RT  Beach house people! You gotta bring your own sheets and at least 20-30$ for food. RT RT
 RT  I just finished packing TWO suitcases -__- I'm on some shit lmao
 So many things i wanna say but im just going to bite my tongue once again . 
 Awesome talk with  and  
 Happy Birthday  ! Woot woottttt !  !
 Yess we will find a way to make this work idgaf ! RT   LMAO SERIOUSLY! but we WILLL TALK!
 I swear its like  and i arent meant to talk today wtf !
 Shaking my fucking headdddd
 Que cute ! RT  Me &  are kinda on the low, but I want everyone to know <3
 Ok , really getting up to finish packing . I still need to give myself a mini pedi :/
 RT  LQ is gonna be the death of me but I accept it.
 Yeah i like attention , but not just anyones attention .. I want YOUR attention !
 RT    thanks guys I appreciate it alot !!! 
 Yay ! Okk  RT   okay I will! Just text me. And yes we have to catch up! 
 Lol , good thing you reminded me ! RT   make sure you bring protection as in sunscreen lmao
 Im not even done  
   RT  New beat !!! 
 I wanna call  but my head hurts too much . Even looking at my phone bothers me 
  shhh . Lies ! You better come early tomorrow and hangout with me , we gots to catch up and enjoy some sun together 
  .. If you feed me , pack my clothes , and play with my hair 
 I love how  forgets about me . Leavn her be to see when she'll miss me .
 RT  Disrespect to anyone's parents is going way out of line ..
 RT  Ay quitate la ropa lentamente hoy quiero amanecer contigo.
 RT  This beat go to got damn hard RT if I should twitvid ?
 RT  I hate nights like these
 RT  Stay with the person who promises you nothing, but willing to value you like no other.
 Im tired and i have a headache .
 RT  Some people come in your life as blessings, and others come in your life as lessons.
 Hmmm ( dot dot dot )
 Seriously , go somewhere else with that negativity .
 RT  Beach house people! You gotta bring your own sheets and at least 20-30$ for food. RT RT
 My mom stays asking me questions about  , myy gaaaddddd !
  go to the app store and search for it .
 RT  Watching Jersey Shore.
  get the app bbg !
  you dont have skype ?
  idk why its not going thruu !! I tried calling back and nada -_-
  i always miss it when you call :/ call me again and again and again !
 Naaaa ima wait for  to come over so she could help me 
 I should start packing for the beach house right ?
 RT  I just wanna take a nap lol
 Mall with these bitches and hoes !
  call me .
 RT  One thing I love is when they just grab my face and kiss me. I'm a sucker for passionate kisses. (from my significant o ...
 RT  The longer you have to wait for something, the more you will appreciate it when it finally arrives.
 RT  RT  I know there's something beautiful in all my imperfections
 Went shopping for things we're gunna need tomoro and legittt its like hitting me .. We out in less thn 24 hours !!!!!!
 With  and her mumsie 
 RT   ALL MY FOLLWERS !
 RT           ...
 Woo !  RT  Let me shower and go to   house
 RT   doing my hurrrr 
 The color came out awesome ! 
 RT  I need to start exercising.
 RT  Waking up to morning sex is the best treat a person can receive lol
 RT  I love the smell of nail salons!
 No teasing , you waited long enough
 Breathing down my neck i could tell you wanna 
 Dont hold back. You know i like it rough
  Skin - Rihanna
 We both werent even ready but i like it lol 
  Cuanto Duele ..
  Jose - Aventura
 I wanna nap soooo badddddddd !
 My head is burning ! 
 I am soooooo hungryyy and craving DunkinDonuts 
 Currently in the dryer . Hairs retouched woot woot !
 But sooo much for  being at my place at 8 ! Lmaooooooo
 Im cold :/ and this hair dye is making my head itch
 Ok , attempting to go to bed . Foreal foreal foreal now 
 Im gunna soon be  's girlfriend  .. i feel it !
 Awesome talk with my boyfriend   .
 RT  I wish i could fall asleep without thinking about a million things :/
 Tvee till i knock .. Goodnight everyone 
 RT  Phone with 
 I wish i got one of those sweet goodnight texts  received ! Too cutee too cutteeeee tooo cuttteeeeeeeeeee
  i knowwwwwww ! I try to not think about it . I blame it on the soft stuff on the door lol
 I hate when my front door opens on its own sometimess 
  acting it . Smhh , pretty pathetic . 
  idk why are you ? How about yu accept that she makes her own decisions and doesnt need you controlling . And ur not ? Thn stop
  the fuck ? Im fam and i been here way before you for you to tell me what she and i could do together cuz ur THAT insecure
  see what we're doing ? Smhh , just cuz ur her bf doesnt mean u shud control everything she does .
  its Jennifer* .. Single or not wtf does it matter . Stop being so insecure . Do you need to be attached to the hip there too to
 Insecurity at its best ..
  mmk :)
  to probably back you off the subject . And what does it matter what we're doing , its us time .
  Its not happening why? Cuz she said it? Last i checked shes been the one telling me continuously telling me about .. Soo yeaa lol
 Cant wait to retouch my hair tomorrow ! Woo ! 
  lmaooooo! Bcuz you say so? Mnnnnnaaaaaaa, you need to pull back on the control thing. Cuz yu will be one upset bf when she comes
  :o ! Forealll ? Tear dropssssss
  i dont need the luck since its really going to occur :)
 So bored im just texting p-malicious and looking at a sex positions book
 RT  This the first thursday ina while that I stay in :O.
  have you gone to rise ?
  i cant wait for us to go just to rub it in yooo face !
  hmm , you sure ? Lol Cuz christine knows of one and i was gunna head to one that im pretty sure is in boston .
  welllllllllll thats what she told meeeeeeeeeeee ! So we heading over thurrrrr , ha ! :P
 Called her ass and she wasnt around -_- , but its all good . Now that shes 18 we hitting up Boston !!! Wooo 
 HappyBirthday to my smexxy prima  !!
 RT  Quote jenny: if all goes well, we should do a beach house next summer, when everyone's 21 :x
 RT   at a party turn from prude to slut in under one drink.
 RT  I have yet to pack too -__-
 RT  Have yet to use FaceTime since I got the iPhone .. I never use to use skype either
 RT  I wanna play the flipping cup drinking game ! W/ my friendssss
 RT  I wish my boyfriend came by to give me one last kiss/hug before we went to bed.
 We cant be friends because you dont know how to be one .
 Yeaa uhuhh ,  RT  besides  butthey know that already haha
 Had an awesome talk with  
 Ohh ur gunna deny me ?! RT  I do NOT have a girlfriend u fags
 Out of work . Woohoo ! Domt have to see that place for a week
 I need to twinkle soooo badd !
 RT  I'm crazy. I'm funny. I'm cute. I'm brave. I'm girly. I'm sweet. I'm cheerful. I'm annoying. I'm just me and I like it ...
 RT  I adore this. Let em know RT  You was just a piece of penis to me , you was never that serious 
 RT  I need a massage!
 RT  I love being Dominican
 Im gassed !   and   
 RT  Seeing my sexy gf  at work ;*
 RT  DYING to go home.
 RT   are totally intuitive and can easily tune into what other people are feeling.
 RT  I have my own life and it's good so why the hell would I waste my time worrying about yours?
 Heading back to work . Felt like i was out for ten minutes only
 Hour break . Running a few errands .
 I just wannna get out and relax ... I have a busy day with  tomorrow
 Lets see if today flies by .
 RT  If you don't want an honest opinion , don't even ask me .. I speak what's on my mind .
 Dreading this 12-9 shift today , BUTTT its my last day at work before my week vaca 
 Watching babe get ready . I wish we could sleep in 
 RT  Best sleeps are w/ my bf . I never wanna get up ! Lol
 RT  Showered now bed time wit 
 RT  when i think about funny shit i literally laugh out loud ;D
 RT  There comes a time in life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama & the people who create it.
 RT  That's why I fucking love Pisces <3
 Im giving you my trust . Fuck it up and handle the consequences .
 Hmmm 
 RT  If a  has been burned before, it's going to take effort to win them over.
  is something elsee ! Myy gaddd !!!
 RT  RT  Sometimes, I cant find a way to keep my tears from falling. No matter what i do.
 Heading home from work . As usuall my widdle feet hurt 
 RT  Following         ...
 RT  Lmao ! RT    its because he's a fairy on the low :P lmfao
 Hahaaa ! RT    lmfao !!!
  lolll , he loves being with all the girls and being the only guy . I think he feels like the don hahaaa
 RT  Behind every intelligent woman are all the L I E S she heard that made her smarter.
 RT  Cheating on your loved one is like saying, "F*ck my relationship. This is worth losing him/her."
 RT  Who's twitter beefing ? They obviously aint interesting if I aint following them ! Lol
 Im not happy im right , im disappointed you couldnt see the outcome of your decision from the beginning
 RT  The people I can really vent to right is my mom and 
 Im just gunna hold my tongue .
 If you cant control your child in public , dont bring em . Seen one get hurt and the mom is mad at the employeee ? Smhhh
 Into work i go .. Some texts would be nice
 I need a new case for my phone . I want the clear pink one thats soft .
 Watch me be late thanks to this idiot taking me to the other side of Lawrence .
 RT   cannot hide how they feel. Though they may try, the truth is written all over their face.
 Lolll  RT  Lmfao   is cute Haha she stressing my cake :)  
 RT  Don't let the unnecessary occur .. Yupp! Bonnie & Clyde 
   and 
 RT  Smiles are like band-aids, they cover up the wound but it still hurts.
 RT  When a girl is silent, she's either over thinking, tired of waiting, falling apart, crying inside or all of the above.
 RT  There always gonna be someone prettier than you, you just gotta find the one guy that doesn't care.
 RT  The fear of being hurt in a relationship usually causes you to get hurt.
 RT  Lemme start getting ready,
 Retouching my hair is a must . On that this fucking friday
 I seriously wanna start packing already . Saturday is supposed to be super sunny too 
 Seriously , i think  and i make a great team and are great leaders 
 Yay , ma gave me forty dollass ! And i guess Remy too -_- i hear him singing out of joy , fagget .
 That food was delicious ! Now back to laying down until i go into work
 RT  I love popsicles with a joke on them <3
 RT  Again! does anyone wanna spend a week at the beach house, $100 :D
 Hmm im waiting RT   no i dont lol. i just got my phone working again just now. im going to text you!
  you knowww whyyy !
 Dk shes alive ! RT  Just seen  , !!
 My mood is kinda not soo good right now . 
  ihy , dont talk to me -_-
 RT  Alot of males are inheriting female traits  .
 RT  You never see it coming you just get to see it go
 
  patty, maria, janery, stepha, justin, and i
  i knowww meee tooo , it feels like what we planned montys ago isnt going to happen as planned :/
  ofcourse nott ! Im just mia this week because i need to save up for the beachhouse stuff
 GoodNight 
 But im glad i moved on. And im happy with who im with now <3
 How can you love someone that would blind you and thn hurt you soo much .
 I lasted 2 1/2 yrs in my first relationship , and i dont think i was in love .
 Ughh , im hungryy
 RT  Theres only so much one person can take before they break
  hahaha , i bet you do . But yeaa do what they tell you on point . I wanna see you all goody in three months :)
  you dont wanna be a rebel ? Preparate cuz they tell you that for a reason ! How bout if your fucking it up more thn can never
  :O ! Ohhh myyy gadddddd , you do not listen do you lmaoo ! Watch them amputate it (however its spelled)
 
  loll wth kamell ?! Like what ?!
 RT  That nap i took earlier has me wide awakee
 Thay nap i took earlier has me wide awakee
  ohh damnnn :/ dont be fuckn around so you could get it off in time thn
  how long do you have to stay with the cast on?
  lmaoooooooooooo ! Ur too muchhhh
  stop itt ! But i gwamma write on it !
 3:14 . My time 
 
 
 This is how some girls get  
 
 
 RT  “ Ma's being a creep tryina spy on me . Woman  ! ” // I hate when my moms be doing that
 Customer: "Im just saying" , OtherCustomer: "Well Im just saying" , MyBoss: "Well it sounds like you both aint saying nuthn." walks awayy
 
 Saturday is looking 
 When ur used to sleeping with someone , thn you have a bed to yourself . 
 RT  ooo boy you had your chance && you blew it. now stand aside && watch a REALL MAN do it. ;)
 Ma's being a creep tryina spy on me . Woman  ! 
 Your supposed to love me now , why dont you love me now ?
 Kk , done with the music .
 If im the last thing on your mind , you'll be the last in mine 
 Im dancing like i am the only one
 Its taking me higher off the ground !
 Something bout this beat that got me hooked
 Here we go another nightt put , waited all week , just to get out
 Another night out , another dancefloor .
 RT  Cause one, your like a dream come true. Two, just wanna be with you. Three, girl its plain to see that you're the only  ...
 To hard for you to leave her , whos that chick ?
 Music is all i need 
 Stay fly , you could call me have a safe flight
 And im even bitchier when im on my menstral
 Give me my elbow room , time for me to come thru
 I like the way you touch me there , i like way you pull my hair , babe if i dont feel it , i aint faking no nooo
