 Fawn St Contraflow Bike Lane   
 2011 Charm City Cyclocross   
 Cycling Gets Ravens' Lewis in ‘Best Shape’ Ever  via 
 Charm City Garden Tour   
 Bike Detour Develops   
 RT  Some Baltimoreans have given up their cars - baltimoresun.com 
 RT  ZipCar Baltimore Drivers: Walking trips up 21%;  up 14%;  up 11% 
 RT   DC is really bike friendly, Baltimore is getting better and there is an increasing culture of cyclists
     
 Grand Prix Detours Begin   
 Mayor’s Bike Advisory Committee Seeks New Chair   
 Velocipede Summer “As Is” Sale   
 Loch Raven Work Day   
 Rockburn Skills Park Fundraiser   
 Tour du Port Registration Now Open   
 Mountain Bike Hearing Update   
   B'more bike shops are great! Avoid Target & Walmart
 Bike Art at Artscape   
 Bikes at Artscape   
 Trail Maintenance This Saturday   
 Cyclists in Woflpack Hustle beats Jet Blue  via 
 Mayor’s Bike Advisory Committee Tuesday   
 Artscape Bike Parking   
 Where do you stand with  &   game? Remember: more points means bigger prizes! - 
 2011 Moonlight Madness Review   
 I'm signed up to check out  with  and  Are you?  - 
 Moonlight Madness Ride This Wednesday   
 County 5th District Ped Bike Group Kicks Off   
 Federal Funds for Bike & Ped Projects In Danger!   
 I just signed up to be an ambassador for Urbanite Baltimore. Learn more and check out my disclosure page here - 
 The Great Baltimore Check-in   
 Happy Independence Day!   
 Talking Bikes with Marc Steiner   
 July 4th Bike Ride   
 Pittsburgh By Bike (IV)   
 Bike Commuter Workshop Today, Twenty20 Happy Hour Tomorrow   
 Pittsburgh By Bike (I)   
 Recent urban Girls’ Ride makes $2 profit   
 The Great Allegheny Passage Adventure (II)   
 Baltimore’s First ‘Crossbike’   
 The Great Allegheny Passage Adventure (I)   
 Cycle Maryland Survey   
 Girls’ Ride Tomorrow   
 Not Just Baltimore:  More Jobs Created With Bike/Ped Projects   
 What?  Remove a buff new bike lane in Baltimore?   
 The 2011 Bob Moore Memorial Moonlight Madness Ride   
 Bike Commuter Workshop   
 Don’t Bash Dundalk, Bike It!   
 “Ride Around the Reservoir” Getting Too Popular   
 Green Grows The Bike Lane   
 Bike Month Winner Gets His Cake!   
 East Coast Greenway Job Opening   
 A Special Thanks to Charm City Cakes   baltimore
 B’more Bike Month Video Recap   
 Bike Month Challenge Winners   baltimore
 Artscape Bike Parking Returns!   
 Bellemore Hill Climb Results   
 Bike Racks on the Circulator?   
 Bike Month Challenge Winners & Celebration   
 Ladies’ Ride Recap   
 Bike Month Challenge Winners Announced   baltimore
 Thanks to all Bike Month Challenge participants 
 Bike Month Ends – Time to Count Up Points   baltimore
 Sun Sculpture on B&A trail 
 Heat wave on last day 
 Commute from Cheswolde to Arnold 
 Last Day of Baltimore’s Inaugural Bike Month   
 Bike Stunt guys at Baltimore Bike Jam 2011 
 Bike commute through Lake Montebello 
 Snake!!! 
 Baltimore Bike Traffic Continues Upward Trend   
 Bike home from work with Golf Clubs and Laptop! 
 Carroll Park Pit Stop Group Photo 
 Bike Month Rolls With BIKE JAM   
 Bike to Work Day Winner   baltimore
 Bike to Work Day at Carroll Park Rally Point 
 bike to work day via light rail 
 Light Rail crossing Andover Rd 
 one hardy soul 
 Untitled 
 B2W Howard County Police 
 B2W SWAG unboxing 
 B2W Happy Hour   Looney's Maple Lawn 
 B2W Day Pics J. Pauls 
 Bike-to-Work at BWI 
 Usps thinks we're having too much fun 
 Bike to Work Day Part 1 
 Beyond Bike To Work Day 2011   
 B2WD - Carroll Park Pit Stop 
 B2WD - Camden Yards to Carroll Park 
 B2WD - Carroll Park Pit Stop 
 B2WD - Camden Yards Light Rail Bike Rack 
 B2WD - Montgomery Park Bike Rack 
 Bike to work day photos 
 Bike to Work Day 2011 - JHU/APL  APL 
 B2WD group commute 
 Bike to Work Day 2011 - JHU/APL 
 Jhpiego B2WD Crew at the Harbor East Pit Stop 
 Jhpiego B2WD Crew at the Harbor East Pit Stop 
 B2WD Harbor East 
 B2W Harbor East 
 B2W Pitstop  BBW 
 Untitled 
 Untitled 
 Untitled 
 Untitled 
 All Clear for Bike To Work Tomorrow   
 Untitled 
 Couple thoughts 
 Misty morning ride into work 
 Misty morning ride into work 
 Catonsville Rails to Trails Ride   
 Riding Partner = Enjoyable ride! 
 Ladies Ride Postponed!   
 Mapa Ciclista de Baltimore   
 To Late 
 Joe's Bike Shop Maintenance Clinic 
 Baltimore-Rotterdam sister city tour of the Netherlands (movie) 
 Baltimore-Rotterdam sister city tour of the Netherlands 
 MBAC Today & Ladies Ride Tomorrow   
 My Commute from one job to another 
 Waiting for the train at Camden Yards. 
 Evening ride, No rain! 
 Morning ride 
 Bike Month Points Tally and a New Prize   baltimore
 Bike To Work Day This Friday!   
 Some of my Ciclovia pics from Sunday  
 bike count 5/12/11 at Boston & Aliceanna 
 Getting ready to head out and ride 104 miles! 
 In Ocean City, before RFTF 
 RT  New Maryland law increases penalties after fatal car-bike crashes
 RT  my mom asked how to make baltimore a better place to commute by bike. What if I started wearing my helmet cam to ca ...
 Updates to Bike to Work Day pit stop locations (JHU/JHMI) 
  Thanks for bringing this to our attention :)
 Ride for the Feast 
 cyclovia on Roland Avenue 
 Ciclovia 
 Ciclovia 
 Untitled
 commuting to work 
 Kinetic Sculpture Video   
 GraySkyMorning 
 Zipcar and bikes are a match!   baltimore
 Commute from Pasadena to DC 
 My morning commute  
 Untitled 
 Bridges 
 B’more Bike Month Not Slowing Down   
 Bike Count 
 Ride Home 
 Iris at the John Overstreet Connector (End of B&A trail) 
 My trusty steed, first Bike Challenge commute 
 Waiting for the Light Rail at Mount Royal Station 
 RT  Bike To Work Day Organizers Seek 2-Wheel Commuters  
  Thanks for spreading the word!
 RT  I got counted at Falls and MD 
    Thanks for the retweets!
 Philly leading in Bicycle Commuting - 
 Jones Falls Trail at Parkdale Ave 
 LaFayette Contra flow Lane 
 Fw: IMG00169-20110507-0935.jpg 
 Kinetic Sculpture Start Line 
 My first post 
 Perfect Weather for Bike Counts   
 Bike commute by lake montebello 
 More nature pics 
 Nature Pics 
 Lots of rivers and creeks on the ride in to work 
 The Craziest, Slowest Bike Race In Town   
 Special Offer from Twenty20 Cycles   baltimore
 Mother's Day Bike Ride 
 Kinetic Sculpture race from Patterson Park. 
  thanks for the retweet :)
 Bike Month Challenge registration is closed. Good luck to all 175 participants!
 Carroll Park B2WD Convoys   baltimore
 KineticSculpture race 
 Kinetic sculpture race!  
 the new commuter bike 
 the new commuter bike 
 the new commuter bike 
 Robinson Nature Center on Commute Home 
 commute two days 
 Bike commute to Parkville Senior Center 
 Potapsco in the morning 
 Kinetic Sculpture Race Tomorrow!   
 Trains!! 
 Commuter Workshop at Race Pace cycles 
 Bike Shadow Lake Elkhorn PM Commute 
 Learn to bike  Ride Around the Reservoir 
 Twenty20 Cycling   
 Morning Commute on the Jones Falls Trail 
 Untitled 
 My Bike to Work  Gerstung via Roland Ave 
 Bike Month Begins, Registration Closes Saturday Night   baltimore
 Volunteer to lead walking school bus 
 Volunteer to lead "Walking School Bus" 
 Gwynns Falls Trail 
 Misconceptions of Business Cycle Chic   
 Columbia Path 
 Rt 32 
 Want a Free Bike?   
 RT  Baltimore DOT approves $25 million Charles Street redesign, will improve ped & bike safety and accommodate trolley . ...
     - thanks for the mentions!
 Biking through the Crowns 
 Win a free Trek bike   baltimore
 LaborStruggleHampden 
 LaborStruggle+ 
 Monument to Monument Ride   
 Book Review:  Joyride – Pedaling Toward A Healthier Planet   
 RT  Fantastic! Baltimore Orioles pitcher   and others commute to Camden Yards by  
 Cities embracing complete streets growing: 
 D.C. bike share considered expansion: 
 RT  RT  Baltimore could beat Portland in cycling, bike network cheaper than roads, transit . ...
  Thanks for spreading the word!
  Thanks for spreading the word!! as always!
  Baltimore is becoming more bike friendly, but still has a ways to go. A lot more people biking though!
    Thanks for the retweets!
 A Special Thanks to Baltimore Bicycle Works   baltimore
 Issues with City Paper’s “Bike Issue”   
  we should def ride sometime
 Beach Bikes   
 Bike Your Way Toward Making a Difference   baltimore
 American Visionary Art Museum needs you!: Wanted! The brave, the talented, the mediocre, the u...   baltimore
 RT  Marla Streb( and Baltimore :  Can't wait for her bike / c ...
 Bike Actors Wanted for Police Training Videos   
 Thanks    for spreading the word!
 Spread the Word, Win a Bike Month T-Shirt: It’s about two weeks until Bike Month and we’ve  go...   baltimore
 B’more Bike News for April 2011   
  - We're giving one away in our Bike to Work Day contest... check it out. 
 College Students Commute By Bike Too!: Guess what? We’re really excited about opening up our b...   baltimore
 RT  Also on tap  JHU (but organized by Bike UB) - the Baltimore Region Bicycle Update!  Mon 4/18 ...
 Thanks  - we're stoked about the thriving bike culture too!
 RT   Regional Transportation Board meeting -- Apr 20, 4:30p.  Agenda & Info on presenting public comments  htt ...
  Try Baltimore Bicycle Works :)
  Not quite sure, but she's got some friends!
   Sure did! She's helping us do the May 18th Ladies Ride around Bmore - its not just for ladies
 Bike Month Challenge: Not just for the city: We just got an e-mail from a Howard County bike c...   baltimore
 Let’s Count Bikes in May   
  answer the ad with the police present and proof that its yours
 Bicycle Economics of Baltimore   
  That really stinks... Hope things are better in Brooklyn...
  You're right about that :)
 Demographics on cyclists are changing: 
  The Downtown Baltimore Bike Network's study & design is pending task approval!!
  Happened to me on the first week I moved here. I'm now on bike  - don't give up, just bring it inside!
 What we need: more bike lanes downtown 
     thanks for the retweets!
 Dan Rodricks Should Ride His Bike To Work   
 Baltimore Needs A Grand Ciclovia 
 Gil Penalosa Speaks In B’more   
 What Makes a Street “Complete”? (Part 3 of 3)   
  Check out this: www.bmorebikes.com/map for the official city bike route map.
 What Makes a Street “Complete”? (Part 2 of 3)   
  Not quite sure about the Annapolis ride. I'd ask Bike Maryland: www.bikemd.org
  Try to get those to you...
 Bike To Work Day, 2011 Style   
 RT  The Hopkins student hit by a car on his bike isn't going to get better. :( Make Baltimore more bike-friendly!
 RT  City postponing baltimore bikeshare program! U cd discuss that w/ Baltimore Bike Czar Nate Evans WYPR today at noon 8 ...
 What Makes a Street “Complete”? (Part 1 of 3)   
 RT  Tuesday  -- Baltimore's biking culture in hour one;  AND WE'RE ON!
 “Envision Bike Friendly Baltimore”   
 RT  RT  Biking in Baltimore  on Midday WYPR Tuesday: 
  Awesome, also try the Bike Month Challenge (this May): http:://www.bmorebikemonth.com
  : If you're doing that kind of biking, you ought to participate in the Bike Month Challenge! 
  Thanks for the retweets!
 Local Cyclists Making Baltimore Better   
 Shout out to  for collecting bikes today at REI!
 Awesome turnout for today's Clean Stream.  Way to clean up the fisherman trash mtbrs!
 30 Days of Biking in April   
    thanks for the retweets
  - Thanks for the retweet. And thanks for sponsoring!
 B’more Bike Month Registration Open!   
 Registration for the Bike Month Challenge Opens: Woah! Registration for the Bike Month Challen...   baltimore
  Thanks for spreading the word!
  Thanks for the retweet - and I'm sorry you got doored :(
  Thanks for sneakin' the peak. Stay tuned for an opportunity for another shirt for "spreading the word
 Bike Month Events Calendar: We’ve launched our complete May 2011 Bike Month Events calendar he...   baltimore
 Where bike commuting happens: No Baltimore? 
 No Google fiber for Baltimore...  Booo... What could Google Fiber + Wi-Fi do for bike culture? Think about it.
  - Contact Bike Maryland  that's one way, another way is to meet with your ci… (cont) 
 Project Clean Stream 2011   
 Bike Month Challenge Prizes: We’re pleased to announce the official prizes for the 2011 Bike M...   baltimore
 RT  Just set up Joe's Bike Shop in Fell's Point Baltimore!  Fan them in Facebook please.  ;-)
  Thanks for spreading the word! We need more of that :)
 Winning Campaigns Coming to Baltimore   
 Baltimore County Fills Sidewalk Gaps   
 Sneak peak on Bike Month Challenge prizes: Endura rain jkt and pant $240, Chrome messenger bag $120 courtesy of Joe's Bike Shop!
 Don't be afraid to take a lane when there are no bike lanes on a street!  
 RT  How bikeable is Maryland - On NPR - Baltimore Spokes: Biking in Maryland A few weeks ago a 20-year-old Johns Hop...  ...
  Thanks for the shout out!
  Thanks, it was great meeting you (Paul)!
 RT  No mention of green bike box.  RT  'Getting There: Right turns and bikes mean danger'  ...
 RT  RT  Bike-sharing coming to Baltimore. 250-bikes to use at the swipe of a smartcard. 
 Bike Dictionary – The Social Sharrow   
 Manslaughter by Vehicle Passes House   
 Bike to Work Day Pit Stops: We just released our pit stop map for Bike to Work Day (May 20th)....   baltimore
   thanks for spreading the word about more bike lanes!
  Thanks for spreading the word on this, we really appreciate it!
 RT  More bike lanes for BALTIMORE. RT  Signing this petition makes you and Baltimore cooler.  ...
 Manslaughter by Vehicle Bill Advances in Annapolis   
 Film of Nathan’s Ride   
 RT  Comatose bicyclist's family sues motorist in accident near Hopkins campus 
 RT  Ever dreamed about riding a bike from Ocean City to Baltimore? Heres your chance to do it for charity! www.mfeast.or ...
 The Bike Month Challenge Introduction: Welcome to the official launch of the First Annual Bike...   baltimore
 Welcome to the New B’more Bikes Blog   
 Meals on Wheels By Bike   
 Bike Baltimore Post: BIKE MONTH IS COMING!   
 RT  Md. seeks high-speed rail money that Florida spurned: By Michael Dresser, The Baltimore Sun State transportation... ...
 Bike Baltimore Post: Tour dem Parks, Hon 2011   
 Bike Baltimore Post: NACTO Urban Bikeway Design Guide   
 Bike Baltimore Post: 2011 National Bike Summit   
 Bike Baltimore Post: New Artistic Bike Racks on Market Place   
 Bike Baltimore Post: Nathan’s Ride   
 Final Version of the Bus Stop Placement Service Standards now available   
 DOT Blog Post: Community Leadership Meetings for 25th Street Station  
  Not sure what you are referring to in either tweet :)
 DOT Blog Post: 25th Street Traffic Calming & Mitigation Matrix Update  
 Planetizen on the threat of gridlock: 
 2 New Zipcar Locations: South Side, Ostend Street, West of Light Street; North Side:,Portland Street, West of Greene Street
 Reminder for the Last Meeting of the Bus Stop Placement Work Group   
 RT  Empower refugees by donating your old bike! Baltimore   drive April 3 
   Agreed! Thanks for the heads up, I'll pass this onto folks to investigate.
  Thanks for the pic, I'm passing this onto our folks to take a look.
 Bike Baltimore Post: Police Update MBAC on Krasnopoler Investigation   
 DOT Blog Post: Downtown Construction Update  
 RT  Thanks for your interest in important transportation initiatives.  Baltimore County continues to be very...  ...
 RT  Green Commuting at the University of Maryland: Info: 
 RT  Want more jobs in your city? Invest in bicycling infrastructure. Listen to what's happening in Baltimore: . ...
 DOT Blog Post: Truck Route Meeting Rescheduled for March 31, 2011  
 Bike Baltimore Post: OK, Spring’s Here (pretty much)  It’s Time To Ride!   
 RT  Nice job Portland, More  Lessons from Portland via 
 RT  Neighborhood roads in Maryland fall into disrepair due to slashed infrastructure spending 
 RT  Baltimore mayor, at least 3 county execs expected to testify in favor of gas tax hike, transportation fund firewall ...
 Downtown Baltimore Open Space Plan: 
 Bike Baltimore Post: Thoughts and Prayers For Nathan Krasnopoler   
 Thanks   for the recent retweets
  Great article, thanks for the mention!
 Bike Baltimore Post: Consider Pedestrians and the Image of Cyclists   
 How to Market Public Transportation   
  Sorry, we were having some issues and lost some posts, try  
 DOT Blog Post: Pratt Street Lane Closures Start Monday  
 Final Draft for the Bus Stop Placement Service Standards is now available   
 Get your Maryland MTA CharmCard   
 RT  Networks, Sustainability, Transportation, & Placemaking: four guiding concepts of the Downtown Baltimore  ...
 Baltimore By Bus: I’ve got Orioles fever and I am taking the MTA to Opening Day!: Ah, yes, Opening...   
 Bike Baltimore Post: Bike Symposium Wrap-Up   
  That's a good idea. I'm told we have older data (2006). E-mail me: paul.day
  That's a great idea. We have fatality info, but not easy access to nonfatalities. Something to shoot for!
  Thank you! I don't know of such a project, but send your ideas to our project manager: mark.brown
 The push is on to require everyone in riding in your vehicle to wear seatbelts: 
 Moving stories about getting around Baltimore:   
 DOT Blog Post: Key Highway and Light Street Roundabout Design  
  I don't think it will be. Post your comments to our blog and we'll get back to you: 
  - There is another meeting on Thursday... Check out our public meetings calender for details.  
 DOT Blog Post: Tonight’s Truck Study Public Meeting Cancelled Due to Weather  
 RT  Maryland transportation crews work to clear roadways: The Maryland State Highway Administration... 
 On the Bicycle as Transportation: 
 Bike Baltimore Post: Bike Symposium is Still On!   
 Bike Baltimore Post: Promote Safe Cycling; Take the Crash Survey   
 Bike Baltimore Post: B’more Chilly Winter Biking King Announced!   
 RT  Baltimore Sun: Balto. Co. seeks to enhance bike, walking trails 
 RT  Baltimore Sun: Balto. Co. seeks to enhance bike, walking trails
 New study suggests that Americans want transportation projects, but not their costs: 
 Bike Baltimore Post: Baltimore Police Assist Local Cyclists   
 Breaking down the fed DOT's proposed 2012 budget: 
 thanks    ,   for recent retweets!
 Final Draft for the Bus Stop Placement Service Standards is now available   
 RT  Health Benefits of Active Transportation. Feb 15, 2pm. Register for webinar at... 
 RT  Health Benefits of Active Transportation. Feb 15, 2pm. Register for webinar at      ...
 DOT Blog Post: Belair Road Corridor Study  
 BRTB is looking for vteers to represent citizens on Bike and Ped issues. E-mail hstrassberger for more info. 
 RT  Roller Racing at Bike Jam this year. What other fun events would you like to see? 
 Almost 30 participants in our B'More Chilly Winter Biking Contest that ended yesterday. And we have a winner! Stay tuned.
 The best cities for public transportation: 
 Bike Baltimore Post: Wayfinding Signs in Southeast & Park Heights   
 Baltimore Region Bus Stop Placement Work Group Will Meet as Scheduled This Evening   
  The Van Hool's are a gap filler. We're ordering Hybrid Orion buses for the Green Route and future routes.
 So we're filling in the Orange and Purple Circulator routes with new buses to return to 10 minute headways. Yay! 
 RT  New Car Free Baltimore Post: Should Transit Be Free? 
 RT  Maryland Transit Administration does green upgrade including 638,000 kW solar PV: 
  Interactive maps would be nice (Google Mashup) where you can turn on-off routes. 
  - Regarding transit maps, I've played with it in Google Maps, but it's a complicated system. Tell 
  - No, probably breaking ground around 2015-2016. Contact your state representatives and tell them you're getting impatient.
  - The red line is still years away. It's worthwhile to invest in making buses operate more reliably.
 For the latest Fort Avenue Bridge Reconstruction Updates: . Will also be tweeted here. 
  Stay tuned for some web content on this bridge closure.
 Trains so fast they'll make your mama proud!! 
  Thanks for the tip!
 Baltimore Carpool Incentive Programs   
 Bike Baltimore Post: Stolen Bike Alert   
 Baltimore By Bus: I will be telling my transportation story this Thursday at the Walters Art Museu...   
 Bike Baltimore Post: County Council Passes Bill 2-11   
 A new report finds that stimulus spending on public transit produced 70% more jobs per dollar than road spending.  
 DOT Blog Post: West Baltimore Pedestrian/Bicycle Loop Concept Update  
 How does the MTA count a bus as on time: 
 The implications of transit lingo: 
 Baltimore By Bus: Line by Line:  As I have mentioned before, I think, I grew up on the East Si...   
 Bike Baltimore Post: Changes Are Afoot at Bike Baltimore   
 Just met with commuters in Harbor East. Some interesting transportation talk. Definitely need to improve reliability of transit systems.
