       
       
       
       
       
       
          
          
          
 RT  Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable - Plato, Greek author and philosopher in Athens
 RT  Justice is the constant and perpetual will to allot to every man his due - Domitus Ulpian, Roman jurist
 Blouse Ruffled Double Layered Collar Cinched Short Sleeves Top 4 Colors Toto Womens Blouses Shirts 
  Car and train jokes - What do you get when you put a car and a pet together? Carpet!
  Cannibal jokes - What did the cannibal say to the explorer? 'Nice to meat you'!
 Courage is the ladder on which all the other virtues mount - Clare Booth Luce, US diplomat, dramatist, journalist, and politician 
  Pig jokes - What did the pig say when his brother rolled on him? "Heavy!"
 Stretch Fitted Lace Hem White Leggings Cropped Pants KS803008 White Jacco Basic Leggings 
 The point on the lobe where the ear was pierced corresponds to the auricular acupuncture point controlling the eyes
 Why do waiters like Gorillas better than flies? Did you ever hear a customer complain 'Waiter, there's a Gorilla in my soup!'
 I find television very educationaL The minute somebody turns it on, I go to the library and read a good book - Groucho Marx  
 I thank my God for graciously granting me the opportunity of learning that death is the key which unlocks the door to our true happiness
  The distance between us is only as far apart as our hearts will let it be
 Jacco Fashion Beautiful Quirky Use Soft Tie Front Shoulder Black Leather Bag Jacco Satchels Backpacks 
  Trendy Pattern Detail Over Knee Socks L5515 BlackRed Toto Tights Socks 
  I have tried to stay reasonable with this, but I just can't anymore 
 Jacco Fashion Gorgeous Chiffon Mini Dress Studded Embellishments Rounded Collar 2 Colors Toto Strappy Sleeveless 
  RT  These boots would look great over jeans or with a dress! 
  RT  Studded Suede Platform Cowgirl Boots 
 RT  Calendars are for careful people, not passionate ones - Chuck, author of The World According to Chuck weblog
 The rings of a tree are always farther apart on the tree's southern side
  Monster jokes - Why did the monster take his nose apart? To see what made it run.
 Car and train jokes - What happens when a frog's car breaks down? It gets toad away. .
  BIRKENSTOCK Boston Womens Twill Clog Sandals 3 Colors Jacco Womens Flats 
 RT  Through faith man experiences the meaning of the world through action he is to give to it meaning - Leo Braeck
 Vintage Classic Purple Quilted Leather Metal Chain Handbag Jacco Bags Purses Totes 
  Pyramid Studded Cross Leather Strap Flat Sandal 3 Colors Jacco Womens Flats 
 He brought it home and placed the head with the body
  Face jokes - I don't know where you got your face from, but i hope you have the receipt.
 Stylish Patent Leather Leopard Lined Studded Wedge Slippers 4 Colors Jacco Fashion Heels 
  Pyramid Studded Cross Leather Strap Flat Sandal 3 Colors Jacco Womens Flats 
  Face jokes - I don't know where you got your face from, but i hope you have the receipt.
 Classic and Vintage Leather Open Toe Bootie Shoes 2 Colors Jacco Fashion Heels  Jacco Fashion
    - How do you plant dope? Bury a blonde.
  RT  The top of the bootie fits right at the bottom ankle 
 Happy valentin's day all! I wish you much love happiness peace and respect!   
 Happy Valentin      
 HAPPY VALENTIN'S DAY TO EVERYONE!!<3      
 RT  Sanity is a cozy lie - Susan Sontag, US author and critic
 RT  Its never too late to have a happy childhood - Tom Robbins, Still Life with Woodpecker, US novelist
 Quite frankly Ted, the very mention of the word 'republican' seems to have negative connotations for the Americans in our studio. 
  RT  These boots will go great with causal or dressier looks! 
  RT  Academic Leather Wedge Lace Up Side Zipper Ankle Boot 3 Colors 
  RT  Ankle Bootie Fringe Heel Western Boots Suede 
  Slick Cowgirl Boots Mid Calf Intricate Stitching Braided Rope Cut Outs 3 Colors 
  RT  Bibu Bibu Leisure Blue Ocean Pattern Large Messager Shoulder HandBag 
  RT  Bibu Bibu Checker Series RARE Japan White Hand Carry Purse 
  RT  Boots that hugs your leg all the way up to mid-thigh 
  RT  You can wear these kicks with pants, skirts, or dresses! 
 RETWEET       
 <33       
 ≈FAB≈waves≈       
  RT  Modern Military Style Lace-Up Rugged Soled Boots 
  RT  Versatile Fur-Lined Suede Boot Tasseled Rope Tie 
 It is unselfish; therefore it cannot exist alone, but requires all mankind to share it
 Electricity is really just organized lightning
  Vintage Laced Up Faux Leather Lace Up Bootie Ankle Boot 2 Colors 
  RT  These soft calf boots feature a soft outer shell with a grey zebra print 
 Happiness is secured through virtue; it is a good attained by man's own will
  RT  These cozy furry eskimo moccasins are the perfect winter accessory 
  RT  Stunning Faux Leather Lace Up Peer Toe Bootie 2 Colors 
 ★ ★       
  Happy New year to everyone!!!)))
  ♡ HAPPY NEW YEAR ♡
  Do you have your new year's goal!?
  Happy New Year guys, see you in 2011 ;)
  Be happy for the new year : )
  Happy New Year to all!
  tonight NEW YEAR EVE !!!!!!!! Where should i celebrate?
  OMG! we're 30 minutes into New Year Eve!! :)
  happy new year eve is coming..huhuhu!!any plan girls and boys?
  New. Year. Eve. Must. Be. Impressing
  I hope new year eve to be good night
  New year eve party at pe mod's condo.
    New Year 2011 Celebration
  RT  Leather Buckle Wedge Heel Ankle Bootie 
  Sweet Love Chiffon Blossom Lace Tie Ballet Flat 3 Colors Jacco Womens Flats 
 xox       
     ★ ★   
 luv you all       
 Enjoying children choir during sunset in the poolside. A nice Xmas Carole invitation.   
 Xmas now! Stay at home. Perfect. :/      
  Collected our pre ordered Xmas meal from M & S, looks amazing hmmmm, will need expandable waist tomorrow me thinks!
 wow my book form play.com arrived before xmas     
 A blessed Christmas to you all.      
 Wish You all my friends a Marry X'Mas      
 MERRY X~MAS EVERYONE       
 Turns out it was only my xmas present (new ipod) toby's bike and a giant bag of buds stolen. Everything is insured, bar the buds.
 Off home I go...a million bags and cat but sure :) merry xmas nowr    
 big hugs from the whole Beatles gang, and me!     
 It's Christmas time, there's no need to be afraid     
 Merry Christmas everyone! xoxo      
 funny <3       
  <<<<------ my xmas shirt HOLIDAY SPIRIT
  Egg nog, ginger bread men, xmas movies, tinsel and handmade xmas trees :) bring on midnight!
 Man, I've got things to do. It's Christmas Eve, gotta get things sorted for tomorrow. Scared of moving incase I miss Harry Styles's twitcam.
  Argh.. more less min Xmas shopping
  All i want for x-mas is you. Kram
 The United States Postal Service assures its customers that they will not get fat licking stamps
 BibuBibu Canvas Series Cute Skulls BigShopper Tote Bag Bibu Bibu Shopping Totes Shopper Bags 
  RT  Life is full of obstacle illusions - Grant Frazier   
 RT  The very spring and root of honesty and virtue lie in good education - Plutarch, Morals, Greek biographer and moralist
 RT  Vogue Canvas Polka Dots Rope Heels Sandal 3 Colors Toto Sandals 
 ML Grace Chic Jersey Flutter Sleeve Tunic Top 3 Colors Miss Milan Short Sleeve Fashion Tops 
  Cowboy jokes - What do you call a frog who wants to be a cowboy? Hoppalong Cassidy.
 If they died while abroad, these figures were sent back to Egypt for proxy burial
 Vicious Leather Buckled Denim T Strap Platform Sandal 2 Colors Jacco Fashion Heels 
 RT  George Washington as a boy was ignorant of the commonest accomplishments of youth - he could not even lie - Mark Twain
  Internet jokes - What do you get if you cross a giant ship with the Internet? The Site-anic.
 RT  Velvet 120D Stockings Tight Pants Leggings 3 Colors Toto Basic Leggings 
 Explanation separates us from astonishment, which is the only gateway to the incomprehensible - Eugene Ionesco, Decouvertes (1969) 
 Cat Print Rose Pink Wool Babydoll Dress JK2 Long Sleeve Dresses 
 Stylish Faux Leather Motorcycle Moto Jacket Zipper 2 Colors Toto Cropped Jacket Coat 
 Romantic Ancient Crochet Scoop Neck Orange Wool Mid-length Knit Top JK2 Long Sleeve Fashion Tops 
          
 The best teacher is the one who suggests rather than dogmatizes, and inspires his listener with the wish to teach himself.    
 Thin Jersey Hooded FRANKLIN MARSHALL Zipper Jacket 2 Colors Toto Ladies Hooded Sweaters 
 Style by Shez Daytrip Warm Wool Flannel Double Breasted Coat 2 Colors Style by Shez Patterned Blazer Jackets 
 Spicy Look THICK OR TREAT Hooded Long Length Black Sweatshirt Toto Ladies Hooded Sweaters 
           
 Glamour Sailor Crown Badge Stripe Cardigan Top 3 Colors Toto Long Sleeve Fashion Tops 
 Dots Tie Trim Beige Double Breasted Trenchcoat Style by Shez Trenches Long Coats 
 Vintage Gray Plaid Fleece Toggle Front Hooded Coat JK2 Jackets Coats 
 Happiness is not an ideal of reason but of imagination
 Excuse me - You were great in bed, but I can't stand you the rest of the time
 Hollywood Ankle Holes Cuff Black Strappy Faux Leather Sandal  Fashion Heels Jacco Fashion 
 Style by Shez Trendy Hoodie Patch Detail Zipper Jacket 2 Colors Style by Shez Ladies Hooded Sweaters 
 Designer Celebrity Black Lace D Orsay High Heels Pump Jacco Fashion Heels 
 Stylish Open Toe PVC Mary Jane Sandal 3 Colors Toto Mary Jane Pump 
 Elegant Gold Rhinestone Dressy Evening Sandal 2 Colors Jacco Fashion Heels 
 Cute Cartoon Lycra Skinny Legging Pants 2 Colors Toto Fashion Leggings 
 Style by Shez Elegant Zipper and Two Buttons Linen Blazer 2 Colors Style by Shez Patterned Blazer Jackets 
 Excuse me - Just to warn you, I have split personality disorder and the other me is nuts!
 Cute Lovely Suede Crochet Babydoll Pink Mini Dress Top J7052 Pink JK2 Short Sleeve Dresses 
 You'll break hearts too, so remember how it felt when yours was broken
 Style by shez Vintage Modern Ribbed Knit Muffle Shawl Wool Scarf - 4 Colors Style by Shez Scarves Ties Glove 
 Happiness and virtue rest upon each other; the best are not only the happiest, but the happiest are usually the best
 I guess I should have told him the truth - that most of us go to Hell and burn eternally - but I didn't want to upset him
 Delicious Faux Leather Cross Strappy Platform Wedge Sandal 2 Colors  Fashion Heels Jacco Fashion 
 Happiness is not searched or found but lived
 Basic Bow Tie Trim Short Puff Sleeve Pink Jersey Knit Top ML9006 Pink Miss Milan Ladies Short Sleeve Tees 
 JK2 Elegant Cocktail Party Evening Tie Belt Dress 3 Colors JK2 Strappy Sleeveless 
 Sing like no one's listening, love like you've never been hurt, dance like nobody's watching, and live like its heaven on earth
 MARC by MARC JACOBS Style Doll Striped Ballerina Flat Shoes - 4 Colors Govo Womens Flats 
 Wild Leopard Mary Jane Round Toe High Heel Pump 2 Colors Toto Fashion Heels 
 Urban Chic Constrast Bow Espadrille Wedges Sandal 3 Colors Jacco Fashion Fashion Heels 
 Barbie doll jokes - There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Barbie Brain in a Jar . . . an empty jar
 Blonde jokes - Q: Why do blondes hate MnMs? A: They're too hard to peel.
 Jacco Fashion Classified Gladiator Chain Studded Flat Sandal 3 Colors Womens Flats 
 Stretch Fitted Lace Hem Green Leggings Cropped Pants KS803008 Green Basic Leggings Jacco Fashion 
 Jacco Fashion Lace-Up Genuine Leather Ankle Boots - 2 colors Govo Ladies Boots 
 Bow Tie Trim Riding Knee Boots - 4colors Toto 
 E-mail jokes - What do robots put at the bottom of their e-mails? Yours tin-sincerely.
 Jacco Fashion Designer Black Blingstyle Shoes Studded Ankle Strap Sandal Fashion Heels 
 Dead and dying jokes - What's a zombie's favorite pop song? Dead sails in the sunset.
 Women jokes - Should I have a baby after 35? No, 35 children is enough.
 Internet jokes - What's O. J. Simpson's Internet address? Slash, slash, backslash, slash, slash, escape.
 Buckled Riding Black Knee Boots Toto Ladies Boots 
 Jacco Fashion Vintage Naning9 Faux Leather Knee Flats Boots - 2 colors Govo Ladies Boots 
 Monster jokes - Did you hear about the monster who had an extra pair of hands? Where did he keep them? In a handbag.
 Fantastic Intricate Lace-Up Style Pointed Wedge Detailed Stitching 3 Colors Jacco Ladies Boots 
 Black Ballet Flats Shoes Round Toe Detachable Clip Womens Flats 
 Spanx Slimming Tights Theme 7P Stretch Cropped Leggings Legging7P JK2 Basic Leggings Jacco Fashion 
 Cow jokes - Why do cows think cooks are mean? They whip cream!
 Purple Stiped Jersey Hoodie Tee Top  Toto Ladies Long Sleeve Tees Jacco Fashion 
 Christmas jokes - What do you get if you deep fry Santa Claus? Crisp Cringle.
 Zipper Black Loose Fit Knit Cardigan Top Style by Shez Long Cardigans Jacco Fashion 
 Vampire jokes - Why does Dracula always travel with his coffin? Because his life is at stake.
 Funny Distressed Stretch Denim Cropped White Jacket Top Qianna Jackets Coats 
 Print Drawstring Hooded Pullover Sweat Tops - 3 Colors Toto Ladies Hooded Sweaters 
 Style by Shez Cool Jeremy Dark Gray Oversized Belted Shawl Coat Style by Shez Trenches Long Coats 
 Animal jokes - What do you call someone who sticks his right hand in shark's mouths? Lefty!
 LOUIIANA Hoody Zip Up Black Sporty Thin Jacket  Toto Ladies Hooded Sweaters  Jacco Fashion
 What happened when the cannibal crossed the Atlantic on the QE2? He told the waiter to take the menu away and bring him the passenger list!
 Vampire jokes - What does Dracula say when you tell him a new fact? Well, fangcy that!
 Hooded Short Blue Wool Coat Hits at Hip Detailed Sleeves JK2 Trenches Long Coats 
 Short Sleeved Rib Knit Sweater Long Cardigan - 2 colors Toto Long Cardigans 
 Athletic SAN DIEGO Hoody Top and Shorts Suit L9771 Gray Toto Playsuits Jacco Fashion 
 Athletic SAN DIEGO Hoody Top and Shorts Suit L9771 Red Toto Playsuits Jacco Fashion 
 Bright Scene Cloth Blue Cropped Hoodie Sports Jacket  Toto Jackets Coats 
 Hit Vivid Cotton Ball Drawsting Black Hoody Tiered Sweatshirt Top Y526 Black QFM Long Sleeve Fashion Tops 
 Stylish Vintage Cotton One-Button Blazer L8296 Black Toto Womens Blazer Jackets  Jacco Fashion
 Happiness is an expression of the soul in considered actions
 In general my children refuse to eat anything that hasn't danced on television
 Sequins OMOW Logo Jersey Hooded Zipper Jacket 3 Colors Toto Ladies Hooded Sweaters 
 Adorable Tie Knot W/Pearl Puff Sleeve White Top Toto Long Sleeve Fashion Tops 
 Sweet Puff Sleeve Tye Dye Faux Denim Cropped Jacket Toto Cropped Jacket Coat 
 Contrast Color Cap Toe Classic Pumps Shoes 2 Colors Toto Fashion Heels 
 Causal Chic Double-breasted Faux Fur Neck Jacket Y28833 Gray 
 Whenever I get happy, I always have a terrible feeling
 To be happy with a woman you must love her a lot and not try to understand her at all
 Happiness is an expression of the soul in considered actions
 Dazzle Twill Wedge Pumps 2 colors Toto Fashion Heels  Jacco Fashion
 Happiness is like a cloud, if you stare at it long enough, it evaporates
 Ladies V Neck Tops Ed Hardy Ladies Ancient Japanese Print V-Neck Long Sleeve Tee Top ED2172 Black 
 Ladies Styles Moschino Ladies LONG SLEEVE Tee Top MC11752L Black 
 Happiness is like a sunbeam, which the least shadow intercepts, while adversity is often as the rain of spring
 Ladies Crewneck Tees John Galliano Ladies Designer Movie Poster Beige Short Sleeve Tee Top 
 Amazing Suede Fleece Hoody Cropped Jacket Coat Q20886 Brown 
 Funny Distressed Stretch Denim Cropped White Jacket Top 
 I wanna listen to the morning dove sing a heavenly song and hear the fish flop in the quiet serene pond
 White Quilted Hooded Cropped Jacket Coat 
 Thin MENTAL KEEP MIND Hoodie See Though Navy Jacket 
 Happiness in this world, when it comes, comes incidentally
 Falling in love for the first time, our first kiss, saying our first I love you's, finding more to love about each other every day
 Love is a game that two can play and both win
 You're so sweet; you make everything else seem sour
  I miss the ones from Dulcinea, its been helluva long time... 
  Fireworks are not just for the Fourth of July 
  key hole tie top adds a hint of sex appea 
 Love, love, love the quilted jacket !! i wouldnt mind one in a womans s petite :)
 Im wearin EdHardy shoes , purple pants, a black n red stripped T-shirt n a nightwish jacket! Pimp haha
  Enjoy a relaxing day sight-seeing in this great outfit 
  Adorable Loose Cotton Shirt Fashionable Black Buttons 3/4 Length Adjustable Sleeve 
  You really cant go wrong in this dress 
  They are comfortable enough for play, yet fashionable enough for the runway 
 Available in blue, taupe and black, these pointy toed, low-heeled fashionistas will complement any outfit 
 Blousy sleeves with a solid color elastic cuff and an adorable key hole closure at the back with a precious bow 
 This casual short-sleeved button up oxford dress offers simplistic style and beauty and ultimate comfort 
  This sizzling hot jumpsuit is perfect for any occasions 
 This frilly, flirty, floaty frock is perfect for a leisurely afternoon or a hot date with your sweetie 
  You will look exquisite with this vest added to any outfit 
  Available in two eye-popping color choices, you are sure to attract many compliments in these shoe 
 Classically shaped ribbed tank is anything but with its beautiful intricate lace straps and upper bodice 
  Cinched Waist This precious dress is ideal for any occasions 
  Retro Rock Star Style 80s Inspired Slogan 
 Get ready to flex your sexy muscles in this awe-inspiring top! Available in Blue, Black, Pink, or white 
  Sleeveless, single buttoned design allows for great movability and wear abilit 
 You can wear it casually with a t-shirt, to work with a blazer, or out on the town with a dressy shirt 
  Turn around, and youll find even more wonderful details 
 Replete with glitter covering every surface of the high stiletto heel and shoe, you will sparkle and shine 
 The refined basics we reach for every day? 
  You can accentuate your waist with a belt, or wear the dress loose and flowing 
  Belted waist features your natural waist Line 
 Sophisticated Daring Dress Fitted Sequined Bodice Spaghetti Straps Pleated Animal Print Skirt Empire Waist Bubble Hem 
 Fabulous new printed skirts, soft and sexy leggings , sweet skinnys and terrific tops for nights out with friends
  Intricate sheer lace pattern ending with a contrasting polka dot pattern in either pink or white tull 
  In order to create an intriguing look that diagonally flows to an uneven hem off to the side 
 Time for the season which mead time for shopping! Cute skirts and blazers are on my list  !
  Two Piece Appearance in one easy to wear piec 
 If you have a rectangle shape body, empire cuts should be avoided since they will only flow straight blocky down 
 Wild Animal Print Top Fitted Waist Dramatic Blousy Top Butterfly Sleeves Wide Scoop Neck Exotic Appeal 
  Available in Light Denim with Heather Gray Heel or Dark Denim with Purple heel 
  Soft, gathered features make this top easily transitionable between a more formal and casual look 
  Unique Ribbed Tank Dress Rouched Waistline White Collar Top Slanted Hemline Asymmetrical Waist 
  Rouched Crinkled Off-the-Shoulder Retro Rock Star Top 
 Tropical pattern and breathable cotton will make you feel as if you are on a vacation any time you wear it 
 If you have a pear shape body don't be afraid to draw attention to your waist. Try a belt or wrap 
 Versatile Sheer Peasant Style Top with Bubble Sleeves Crinkled Chiffon Detailing Low-Belted Waist and Tie Top 
 Got new flower dress and jeans legging
  Feel fabulous, as if you are about to float away, in this exotic pheasant style lace blouse 
  Casual Comfortable Striped Cotton Hooded Shirt 3/4 Length Sleeves Scoop Neck  
 never forget the secret shoes - and thank the lord for big bags being in fashion
  This fabulous romper is great for work or play! Button-Up 
 Fabulous new printed skirts, soft and sexy leggings , sweet skinnys and terrific tops for nights out with friends
  Elastic waist band, and pockets on the relaxed skirt 
  Sexy Sporty Outfit Contrasting Colors Tube Top Snug Fit comfortable 
  Available in Black or White Pointed Shoulder Pad 
  You can wear this top with anything and will look extremely trendy and fashionable 
  Cinched sides accentuate your figure and keep this from looking like an ordinary t-shirt 
  Wonderful Wrap Dress Sleeveless V-Neck Figure Flattering Belt Loop 
  gorgeous sweetheart neckline is held up by spaghetti width halter strap 
 Asymmetrical waist closure on opposite side of the rouching and a slightly slanted hemline along botton 
  Long flowing length and elegant draping fabric make this blouse truly specia 
  Perfect Cotton Shirt Off-the-Shoulder Rouching Sexy Fit 
  This adorably versatile top can double as a summer dress 
 keep yourselves warm with fabulous leg warmers 
  This elegant top is ideal for any occasions 
 Wanting to have a new bag for school. Kawawa nmn xa eh.. 
 The shipping cost is less than ten dollar, thats really a PLUS ! 
 Show your true colors in this rainbow inspired dress! 
 LOL my baby girl plays all the time...she just doesn
 This alluring sleeveless top contains so much detail in so little material! 
 Nvr shop in there, clothes were surprisingly nice 
 If you have an apple shape body, the key for dressing the apple shape is to take the focus off of the midsection 
 Correct pick of skirt or dress can accentuate your best body features and minimize your trouble spots 
 Bitches on a Budget. Sage Advice for Surviving Tough Times in Style by Catey Hill 
 I have little money but bad shopping tendencies... this little book helped me many times with a second thought 
 If you have an hourglass shape body, anything that draws the eye to your waistline works well for this shape 
 If you have a rectangle shape body, empire cuts should be avoided since they will only flow straight blocky down 
 Got my new creamy blouse  yeah! I can't wait to get ready for work tomorrow!!!
 Go on to live the lives they'd always wanted - young mom stories 
 Quality Used College Textbooks Fast, honest, and reliable service 
 got two new pairs of shoes  a dress and a cardigan. thank you mother!
 If you have a rectangle shape body, try a tulip or bell shaped skirt to add some flirtatious curves 
 oh boy another pair of shoes in the trash on WNTW that I have.  hey I *love* heels but you can't walk 40 blocks through the city in them!
 Each Disney Fine Jewelry item is packaged in a Walt Disney Fine Jewelry embossed gift box 
 tshirt..thick sweater..hooded jacket (n I keep hood on my head) 
