 Need to go to sleep but can't
  Lol
 Made this lemonade and I don't even want it
  Lol
 It's going to be a slow day at work today -__-
 Early for work
  Sounds like me and my sister
 I want a Smurf
  What shall that be?
 Thinking Hard
  I think I have a plan
 :)
 Ready to get off!
 I always wake up around 11 everyday 
 My hood rat dog ran away
 Decisions Decisions
 Huhh, she really annoys me
 Why is lightning everytime I get off work
 Wait, backup. Did I read that right?
 My mommy cooks, why do I need to learn
 RT  I miss my boyfriend
 I can't never RT  because its blocked
 RT  Naps are pre-school and college students best friends.
 Why can't life always be this easy
  Lol
 RT  Havent talked to him all day
  Money
 I don't think I'll be going back this semester :(
  Phone suck
 So much for those plans
  knocked out
  I'm watching that too
 Do people actually make money selling snow cones outside of their house 
 I have to use the bathroom and now its a train on Southwest Highway
 Getting some business done
 My little cousin got too much attitude for me
 RT  My Oakwood is messed up on my account so I can't see my financial awards for this year, I can only see last years
 What am I doing on my days off?
 I hate going in to work at this time, its too much damn traffic
  Hi Sunshine
 Retweet<Retweet with Comment
 RT  So glad I'm off tomorrow
 I like iCarly, Dove deodorant, and Raisin Bread
  Awww <3 I miss you 2
 All my polish makes me want to polish my nails <3 
  Me too
  What you be doing?
 You too cool to follow me back, I'll unfollow your ass
  Look at There...It's Kristen Lol
 Waiting for my nails to dry
 RT  I hate being home alone!
 We Can Do This 
 RT  I need to go to sleep
 My mommy bought one of those electric hand soap things, how cute
 RT  My daddy NEVER put his hands on me, I wish a nigga would
 Beyonce all the way home
  Can get chose any day!
 Its been a long day at work, just one hour to go
 I can't believe I locked myself out the house
 My mommy must get a kick out of waking me up in the morning
 Alright, its time to go to sleep
  Nothing really
  Right. Wyd?
  Yea I do have to work but not til 3:30
 I can't sleep
 So much going on in my head
 I be tired at work, but once I get home I'm wired up
 RT  I'm just trying to be the best!
 Which One Of Y'all?
 I complain when its hot, I complain when its cold
 I check my voice mail just so the icon won't be up there
 Forreal?
 RT  From now on I'm doin things the right way
 Dang, I didn't know I slept this long
 All perfume on magazine pages smell the same in my opinion
 Answer your phone 
 I want to do something tonight
 Lord knows it will take, another place, another time, another world, another life
  My window air condition serves its purpose well
  But do they get you drunk? I have one in fridge now
 I don't have air in my car and my mommy wants me to run errands for her, where is the sympathy
 Why would my mommy turn the air off
 Woke up hot as hell
 RT  What's on the agenda for today?
 It's time to re-up on some Benadryl
 Now my phone wants to send out text messages at 1 in the morning from days ago
 I finished my ice cream sandwich before I even found something good to watch ON DEMAND
 If you don't know something, Google it
   Follow Back
   Follow Back
 My TL should not be full of Tumblr post, keep that over there
 Why do people complain about other people's tweets so much, just unfollow them 
 Spent my day with  <3
 Catching up on Single Ladies
 Alright, its been 30 minutes
  Heck yea Lol
 I can't believe  won't put the air on
 How you want to take me out but don't even have a car?
 Did I mention iCarly is on
  Is a lady really combing her weave with a plastic fork? Lol
 I'm not even exclusive, everybody got this Galaxy phone
 I want to go swimming
  Yep, I'm off today and tomorrow
 I want to see you or something 
  I Love You
 My mommy not even here and she calling to wake me up for no reason
 Trying to cut my to make it all even but I can't even see in the back
 I'm not even tired
  Hit me up then
  O, you not in Chicago?
  Cool, you?
  Hey You
 I love Target but they've been slipping lately
 Time to cut stuff out of my magazines
 Two days off :)
 Why does OU Church keep calling my phone with these messages
 My nigga  Happy Birthday girle
 Happy Birthday to my sis 
 iCarly time
 Got on the computer to do something but now I can't remeber
 RT  So Twitter randomly favorites stuff for me though?
 Mango Pineapple smoothie :)
  I called, do you have a new number?
 Bad enough I call you, then you don't even answer
 I have a headache
 My nephew = The seed of Chuckie
 RT  In love
 Omg, it must have been a shooting on Ashland because police are flying everywhere
 My scarf always comes off at night
 RT  The Best Is Yet To Come
 I miss  <3
 I have two passes to go to The Factory tomorrow, who wants to go? Lol
 Yes, my mommy is going to perm my hair 
 Darwin Hoobs He's Able goes in any time
 I want to see the Marilyn Monroe sculpture
 God don't make mistakes, people do
 My stupid DVD player not working, I guess I'll have to use my laptop
 I Love Music!
 Big Time Rush >
 Washing my car took a lot of energy
 I hate when I fall asleep at night and forget to charge my phone up
 RT  These Kids Are Too Amp'd For The Zoo<<< Their just happy to see their relatives
 Woke up to an impressive phone call
 When I'm knocked out in the morning and my mommy wakes me up to ask me a question, I be tweaking saying crazy stuff Lol
 Do you konw how the rich stay richer and the poor stay poorer? I do!
 Thus is nothing but a game
  That's cool
 When we left school  had 300 tweets, now she has 2,616
 I live 4 blocks from  and still haven't seen her at all this summer :(
 I lose my train of thought quick
 I hate when I want to RT somebody's tweet but they have their stupid page blocked
 How can people just sit around and not be productive with their lives
 It's very clear
 I just laugh HAHA
 Its a very slow day at work today
 I'm not a patient driver
 On the road to riches
 Headed to work
 Downloading some music
 This paper cut is killing me
 It's time for me to go
 Idk if I'm going to like my 3:30 to 12 shift
 RT  Need a new twitcon
  I seen you today
 RT  College life > Home
 RT  When I need to spell "banana" I have to sing Gwen Stafani's "Hollaback Girl".
 When I get tired, I work hard
 Got my air working in my car 
 He fucking up already
 I need to go ahead and buy that stupid city sticker
  Aww, I miss my sunshine too
 RT  Why can't college books be free like in H.S.? And if you lose them, you replace them? 
 I need to make a hair appointment somewhere
 My dog thinks I like her
 I need to be nice so my mommy will perm my hair
 I think I'm going to just cut my hair off
 I know what that means then
 I just accidentally unfollowed 
  Everything! Paper work. Phones. Customers. More paper work.
  The Chicago Police Auto Pound
  I know. Nothing, just working
  Hey London! IMY!
 Too much tention
 Idk what I'm going to do with my hair
 My mommy think I always miss her phone calls on purpose
 I couldn't do nothing but laugh in his face
 Wait, I think I dropped my money 
 Have your own so you don't have to rely on no one else's
 Its always something
 It's my bedtime
 I hate the smell of cigarette smoke
 Its hot outside and having a car without air only makes matters worst
 I hate my allergies
 Slow Strut Like She Walking To The Altar
 Cooking breakfast
 I be at church an extra hour because my mommy be talking too much
 I just realized tuition went up 1,406.00 for this coming school year
 I don't like face piercings
 S/O to my newest followers   
 Only 59% of today's millionaires have attended college
 You don't have to go to college to be considered educated
  1+1
 Made it home just in time enough before my phone died
 RT  So blessed that I have him ....... <3
 I value every minute of my 30 minute break
  Yep
  Oakwood University
 I do not get enough sleep at night
 We've been busy all day
 RT  I cant stunt. I love Beyonce.
 You so lost, you don't even recognize the things changing around you
 I found a record in my grandma's closet of The OU Aeolians copyright 1959
  to my newest follower  Hey girle!!!
 I lost my lipgloss
 Going to make some plans  :)
 Alright, y'all can kill it now
 Good Morning lovely people
 When is my mommy talking about getting these plates for my car?
  Want to go to war?
 What's the difference between champagne and wine?
 This guy claim they have clear Remy in Atlanta
 RT  I hate when you can see moves being made over twitter that you weren't included in
 I do not like Root Beer
 Up, headed to work
  Were you being held captive in your twitcon?
 RT  Annoyed
 Wow!!
  Lol yea
 Watching Blue Crush makes we want to learn how to surf
  :) What's going on chicka?
 I downloaded the Dog Whistle app just to torture my dog 
 I drink water out of fancy glasses 
 My mommy has like 7 Facebook accounts because she always forget her passwords
 RT  Can Money Buy Happiness?<<< I'll let you know once I win the lottery
 Who's over 21, willing to do me a favour?
 Stop making excuses
 Don't want to be random, but hey....
 Hey 
 Umm, I hope you know the difference
 I'll cock an attitude quick once my feelings get hurt
 What are you doing with your life?
 I think  only texted me because she seen me on her TL, j/k, I love her
 Haven't seen my BFF   in a minute, it was a good night I shall say
 RT  I miss AYS at Oakwood
 People talk about weed on Twitter like it's not illegal
 I'm hungry
 Its doing something ugly outside
 The things you do that show your love 
  Fine, working like a slave. How are you?
 New Phone 
  Lol, Hey Bro
 Stop texting me
 Damn, that's fucked up
 These girls on My Sweet Sixteen got life twisted
  Lol no
 How the garbage man only dumped two trash can and left the other three full?
 I'm glad I was home today, the UPS man just came with my shoes :)
 I told my mommy the Beyonce CD comes out today, wonder if she catched my hint
  Hey!
 Been up early, now I'm ready to take a nap
 Off today 
  :) Hey Big Sis
 This guy curse every other word
 11 to 8 yesterday, 7 to 4 today
  The Chicago Police Auto Pound
 About to head out to work
  Just getting home from campmeeting
  Yea, you too cool to go?
 Why is this guy rolling around in a grocery cart on 87th street? Lol
 Did about 80 all the way home coming from Michigan
 So people don't stop at STOP signs anymore? NO COP NO STOP
 Does anyone else use Jewels parking lot on 87th street as a mutual meeting spot?
  mad that other ppl tweets be funny and hers don't
 Im surprised my canalope is still in the fridge
 You are an ON and OFF type person 
 This PINK VWagon 
 Boys wear capris?
 Was that a gun shot or a fire cracker?
 I'm On One
 This don't add up right
 I have had two cars, now I don't have shit
 I don't even have a bike, somebody stole that
 So close but in reality so far
 I prefer to be on break by myself
 RT  I love my job, but I hate waking up at 6 every morning. :(
 RT  Hope the time goes fast today
 Why are these Californians up so early on my TL   
 Because I have to wear closed toes shoes and pants to work everyday, it's no point in me havin summer close
 Dang, they didn't waste no time
 I wish I could tweet at work, it's so much to be said
 Going for a run  *Looks At Dark Sky*
 I'm going to make it regardless if you don't have faith 
 I need to buy my first pair off earrings now :)
 My mommy was finally able to take my earrings out 
 Had A Heart To Heart
 Off Work :)
 The phones are ringing off the hook at work 
 I knew it was too good to be true
 Setting my alarm for 5:00 *Sighs*
 My stupid dog runs away everytime I let her outside, not like I care though
 I think I'm goign to study ahead so I can be prepared for CalculusIII
 My nephew is trying to beat me up. Leave me alone!
 Why is  playing phone tag
 Glad its Friday, lets get these 8 hours over with!
 Working full time takes a lot out of me 
 I don't like being home by myself
 The cutes thing is when my nephew comes to me and kiss me just because :)
 Sometimes on Twitter I wish I could "Like" stuff and on Facebook I could "Retweet" stuff
 Tupac nose ring 
 I have a headache
 I didn't know rain and thunder was in the forecast for this morning
 RT  Don't say you miss me, when it's your fault I'm gone!
 What I Want Is So Close But Yet So Far Away
 RT  Finally watching single ladies (:
 RT  RT  wish my daddy was here more than ever !!
 I actually hold conversations with my dog
  She is crazy. I wish I could put a hit out on her ass -__-
 My mommy letting me drive her car to camp 
 Ok, I offically have an obsessed stalker 
 Sitting outside on my porch. Its a nice day!
  August
 What's up  miss ya!
 S/O 2 my followers that Ive seen n the course of a week      
 Look who's on twitter 
 My "Off Work" tweet didn't go through 2 hours ago
 You Live And You Learn
 That awkward moment when you have to drive extra slow just because the police is behind you
 No Bite Marks, No Scratches And No Hickies 
 RT  What a good night!
 Whats happening tonight?
 You can't  force it 
  You should get it professionally done, dont try to take them out yourself Lol
 I always seem to get sleepy once the sermon starts
 Congrats to the MP graduates
 As of June 1, 2011 there has been 762 shootings in the City of Chicago 
 Yay! My mommy bought me home some Chipotle
 I have an early morning ahead of me
 RT   When men wear suits that are not tailored properly. Is that your daddy's or...?
 
 I keep texting you but get no reply. Whatever then
 That's cool that these high schoolers from Memphis, TN get to have Obama speak at their graduation 
 RT  Heat = Aggravation .
 Seen  at the mall :)
 65 tomorrow
 I want to do something tonight
 I think it was a shooting on 79th street
 Just got a great call, I start work tomorrow!!
 I am not too fond of the hot heat outside
 I got a feeling that  will follow me on twitter :)
 Drinking some tea
 Dwayne chewing that gum 
 RT  Dwyane Wade > Lebron James
 "These Bills Cant Be Paid In Gum"
 I don't even have to watch the game, my TL keeps me up-to-date
  The Office
 About to go trade in this Back Flip and get that $49 iPhone 
 Talking to  I miss her <3
 Been at it all day 
 Up and out with my mommy
 It may not be your birthday in California yet but on Chicago time it is, So...HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
 I hope this job happens 
 RT  A good boyfriend will never wanna change anything about you... except your last name
 I hate the TV version of movies
  Really Lol? Wally Wally World 
 My leg hurts right now
 Hung out and chilled with my  today
 Wake Up Drunk, Go To Sleep Fucked Up  
 College, Graduated, She Educated 
  Merry Christmas trending in June
 Tryna get out of the house...What's there to do?
 RT  RT  Communication saves relationships
 Whatever it is, you're worth that sacrifice
 Trying to convince my mommy to get a pool in the backyard
 I Just Call Her Boo, I Don't Know Her Whole Name 
 I wish I had a pool in my backyard
 When You're Great, Its Not Murder, Its Assassinate
 Seeing Love The Way You Lie video for the first time
 We Ain't Going Steady
 You've Been Missed Informed
 Now Taylor Gang That
  Yea, cork wedge heels are an 
 Its 365 degrees in this church
 RT  If your baby is cryin in church, why are you still sitting here?! Go outside!<<< I know right
 Getting ready for church
 RT  Whhhhhhhy am I not asleep yet? Im def gonna fall asleep in church.
 Sprayed it with oil sheen, shoe cleaner, spritz, Lysol and leave-in conditioner. It should be dead now
 Just seen one of those bugs with all those legs, I'm scared of those
  >
 Wal-Mart is trending because...?
 When opportunities knock, if you don't answer...someone else will
 Excuses = Lies
 All About You > Others
 Let's stop subtweeting *clears throat*
 Just Stay At Home > Awkward Situation
 Happy Sabbath, I miss yall!       
 Happy Birthday to 
 About to take a drive
 Some people be too extra when they tweet 
 Haven't heard from my mommy all day
 I really don't feel like seeing nobody off
