 I heard that RT  I'm awake so .. I shall
  I'll wrap it for you and keep it in the oven
  you know I got you on promo, yo ass got ghost af on Saturday though lol
 W&B?
 Hit this bitch up!!! RT  Makeup artist at your service DM for contact information.
 RT  RT  You act like a bitch , you get treated like a bitch .
 Lol Dave? RT   I am on the way!, Dave me a plate lol
 RT  loyalty is important to me .
 Thats how you know they dont listen to my nigga even if they claim they do RT  K Dot = Kendrick Lamar .. dumb fucks. Smh
  come through there's a plate eleit yo name on it
 RT  If you want to fool these niggas, tell them the truth.
 RT  As quickly as it was given to us, it can also be be quickly taken away.
 RT  I want Roscoe's take out
 Well I guess I'm cookin, its looks like a potato eggs bacon oatmeal and toast morning
 Soo... Who cookin breakfast just like grandmama used to do it? I mos def want in on that
  well you mos def doin it, pleeaaase keep it goin all day
 S/O 
  I might be young but I'm wise beyond my years ;), good morning and have a good productive blessed day though
  that some grownfolk music, before yo time
  pssssh don't know nothin lol
  you follower of the day you got my TL all in high spirited and positive
 What you know bout that Sex EP RT  It' a  kinda morning! Groovin on my way to work...
 Goodmornin to you too be blessed RT  Goodmorning everybody :) another day, another blessing
 RT  RT if you follow someone who's tweets never seem to have a purpose and everytime they show up (cont) 
 RT  RT  God works in mysterious ways.
  goodmornin s/o to you
  don't be extrad
  you showin some?
 RT  Weak is the root. Fear is the tree. Hate is the fruit.
  lol iight G
 RT  Whatever you want to be known for, you need to be doing.
  I watch animal plant, I notice though the savannah in africa is like one big hood full of a bunch of different gangs
  never had the urge and its WILD out there I'm city folk
 RT  We do not have to visit a madhouse to find disordered minds; our planet is the mental institution of the universe
  nd me
  now see a nigga like me I'm good on africa lol I'm down wit learning my history and culture and (cont) 
  not being from africa makes me no less african than them just because ones line is more (cont) 
 Dr Wyne needs a twitter cus all the shit we talked about in class is on twitter daily, the worst is when blacks (cont) 
  go to sleep
  yeah you arwbyiu are REALLY black, no one here is purely connected to the african lineage but that (cont) 
  I'm good woooadie you the one feelin feisty as usual
  get yo weight then lil weak ass nigga, better toss that hoe
  yeah nigga I know lol
  you black wit flava that's even better
  idk what you mean I guess that's just white sex
  I was tryna turn you up and you tryna ball
 Cus yall dont know how RT  it really is . RT  Sex is fckn awkward.
 That dont matter, you sayin is menral illness RT  And its clear I'm not black. I don't match that crayola crayon.
  lol sontvtrip I ain't fuckin wit yo ass no more
  shit I figured we were startin right now
  lol that's hot
 Nope they get dropped RT   that one person who just CAN NOT grow up :(
  who says you cant
 Lol ima use that RT  If you were the new burger at McDonalds, you'd be the McGorgeous.
 RT  Kayla is a very beautiful girl. I hate when she down plays herself.
  turn you up?
  God bless bruh
  bruh take it somewhere else you gets no love from us. You're crooked and your message is (cont) 
 I know this sellout ass nigga aint pressin RT  RT   Do us all a favor.. (cont) 
 That is not how you spell my name RT  Paul ;)
 But i love it though RT  So let me stop being so political on twitter before someone tries to get me.
  pokemon really used to hit thoooooooooooough, I see you was up on game wit yo childhood
  that's some G migga shit, MFs ain't up on that
 Offtop and the movie RT  I need to buy the Sailor Moon DVD's before I leave
 She look like a G RT  Mom. 
  because what's whatever to you might be a whole lot and be important to someone else
  so you aimin to please, that's real thoughtful of you lol
 RT  Pimp C in my headphones
 Nigga aint nobody asked you, boof RT  jus FYI no I'm not of OF, I'm of GOD, good music & quality moments. remember me as ozy G.
  RT  I hate when people are too excited about something so little, calm your happy ass down
 RT  I want it to rain :/
 RT  RT  RT  Big shout out to Inglewood
  I feel it bro collateral, females be tryna get away wit shit like that ain't business
  what's the sexiest you ever said
 Or when the day over be like oh i only got 3 bro RT  DON'T TELL ME YOU GONNA GIVE ME $5 FOR GAS AND THEN SAY YOU NEED CHANGE
  a chokin/gasp for life while she throat it
  well where we gettin the other 5
  can we make this 2 grams happen lol
 5 RT  5
 Tryna get some booty calls i see you cip RT  DM's ONLY A= I want you. B= I have a secret to tell (cont) 
 5+5+5= 2gs, who wit that?
 RT  Inglewood,Ca
  ove you more
 Toni, To'ni
   I'll hook y'all up, I definitely get my chef on
 21 months
 Lol huh what you sayin? RT    yall homeee wqhgerw yall at ,,
 Not even hone yet, on the way to  house
 Driving home on the 405 and this nigga  passes upbthe crib 4 times smh da'fck
  lol don't be so serious remember lol
  lol don't be fake
 S/O 
  but what about me though
  RT  I hate flaking on people. That's not me, really.
  come chill nigga
  I'll be posted, ain't go shit to do. Now what!
 Smh RT  My nails are so raggedy right now 
  forreal... I'm omw to come fight you!
  stop bein mean, leave those girls alone
 RT  Wizard kelly was a mac lol..
  its not over
  ayeeeee you gone drop somethin for a burrito
  the shirt fool
 Twinies! RT  i want some contacts
  don't act like you don't know what that wendys life like, you a wingstop hoochie huh lol
 RT  i look at people and wonder what they'll look like once they're older. idk, i just do.
 RT  You can't achieve shit by just saying It , make the moves.
  wendys? Lol
  its them 5 dolla Mcnuggets and McChickens wit cheese
 Its already been done, blacks have the highest percentage of those who eat mickey dees RT  why (cont) 
 RT  I like good head. I like good reefa.
  family first I respect that mos def
 RT  Stop letting messy hoes mess with your business
  nigga I know you said if people don't believe you that you on but don't that mean you off cus no one believe you
 Nah dont that mean you OFF? RT  U kno you ONN! Out here when ppl dnt believe  Iz ur bRother!!!
  well I'm here
  morning 
  good morning :)
 1/3/07 always gone hit
 I think I finally swagged this cut
  lol like that?
  weirdo
  well I try to do wgat I can ti be as good of a look as possible
  better get over that
  yes ma'am every guy should know a lil somethin bout the ways ladies operate
  I know this girl its my job
  id gotta see em before id commit to that
  now young lady, go wrap yo hair get in yo pjs and get some rest you had a long exciting day
  SHANICE SADE WATKINS!!!!!
  they cute?
  take that ass inside before I tell mama on you
 I do the same shit RT  I've been sitting in the car for a minute now. I should probably get out, (cont) 
  RT   its not a habit, its a hobby lol
  y'all weak lol
  got a habit and it outta control lol
 RT  Im just saying you can do better
  im down to play
  period
 RT  girls and boys should be able to want the same kinda things pertaining to sex w.o girls being hoes or boys being weak ...
 Billy Dee Williams sho was cowboy Curtis on Pee Wee's Play Housr
  when you out in LA so I can roast you in person
  yeah I wanna know
  lol yoy know I been savin em up foe you
  you got bottles or a id?
  lol soery gma didn't mean to offend :)
  lol since yoy can't tweet it dm it to me
  smoke/pour up
  old ass lol
  wyd tonight
  better be comfy
  ok I'll just sit on you lol
 Id laugh if i saw that RT  RT  At my wedding, I want my husband to cry as I walk down the aisle. 
  scoot over
 I know mama taught you better than that but if not allow me
 Ugh why you so salty boo, that ain't hott
  lol mos def
  lol did you see the jefferey
 Let em know brotha RT  Dnt be mad at me because your not wavy, nd that got cho mood so bad you (cont) 
  lol watch out not
  NIGGA NIGGA!!
 Told you RT  Get Him to the Greek is a funny ass movie
  welp I'm waitin to see
  well show it, cus I can't tell
  its iight
 You do got my number, and forreal when you move back
  yeah mos ded
  the ones you forever tweetin about
  cus I cant be taking yo rants bout yo love life
  def has "swag" lol
  dont be tryna big dog me
 RT  I've got to be the only nigga that goes in a restaurant just to get a toothpick and walk out so I (cont) 
  I'm bout to be done wya
  barber shop
  smoke?
 RT  RT   is illegal but has never killed anyone. Cigarettes kill thousands (cont) 
  yo!
  smh I guess so lok
  when the close
 RT  I can't fuck w hoe niggas, I can't trust these hoes niether.
 Yeah cus yall stink RT  s/o to those single, we the shit! that's why we single
  I'm wonderin why you don't try
  is that wit the facial line up
   where it at and what they chargin
  who?
 Anybody know somebody who do cuts? And can do fades legitimately
 He can mos def be the best in tge west but ge got a long ways to go RT  The homies was sayin Kendrick (cont) 
 I'm up guess my day started at 3
  RT   ye produces and then shit's on the track that he produced and goes on other (cont) 
 RT  ladies cheating out of retaliation NEVER works. u just gon get beat up and kicked out.
  ell yeah some niggas give jay tooo much props, he is that nigga but ye is THAT NIGGA
 RT  dont go tryn to catch somebody cheating if u aint gon leave. you just gon make yo self more miserable
  ye goin  offtop
 Congrats to what jim and sally got but fuck that I want what's Rich's. I can't be mad at what someone else got (cont) 
 We all hate but some don't have the tf I'm hatin for mechanism, don't hate just get your own
  idk who to pick first though do we go for the new niggas or the legends
 Love what you do and do what you love
 Lol damn RT  I hate that my eyes water so much. When i laugh, hold in a laugh, fix my nose ring, rub (cont) 
 Everytime I hear Dom nowadays I get pissed off like this 98 and somebody stepped on my kicks
 Females want honesty but honestly they never like the truth
 Wit the first pick of the  rapper draft the westcoast chooses...
 Wit the first pick of the  rapper draft the westcoast chooses...
  niggas would come up like if we was on the commitee bro the west would be unstoppable
 Hunnits Back, Hunnits Black, can't see me over a Hunnit stacks
 When I'm eatin a feast best believe all my niggas and peoples who took an L for my sake gone dine fine wit me
 I'm on 12th but my hearts on Dern
 This how niggas get caught, when you murder someone DO NOT and I repeat DO NOT go to someone elses house and (cont) 
 The adlibs on Ronald Regan Era makes the song that much iller. " I had the yaaaper and I toor they ass up (cont) 
 Lol I juat seen  new twitcon and babygirl ain't looked shiiiiiiiiiiit like her previous ones lol had to cancel that, I felt bamboozled
 I can't stand riders, if you gone dickride have valid reasons. Don't make it so obvious that its because everyone else is
  he on his Luke Walton of LA rappers swag
 Worsy feelin is gettin paid and knowin that money really ain't yours but them bills must be handled
  I got mines at 2 and its bout to be gone
  his beats be chill but all his shit sounds exactly the same like his mixtape and album sounds like its the same album
  see I don't like using those all the time cus the weed be gone quick
 I started writtin to that ain't that a female dog the homies did and I gotta say my lil verse is "ok" (cont) 
  idk bout allat but its always chill to alternate
 I'm I the only one who think Dom is reaaal mediocre
  yeah I need to finish a pack of papers I been smokin too many bleezys
 Im bout to have the same feelon on like 4 hrs smh RT  there goes allll my money -_-
  i can get some
 Sessh later? RT  i really been thinking about smoking a doobie ALL day, smh.
 Some people just don't care or care to care, thats why im here and they're over there
 Legs and thighs are always nice on these chickidees
 Its kinda funny how life happens
 Finally back to the crib
 RT  Whatever you do, dont ask a nigga how he got so wavy...
 RT  when you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, that's when youll be successful.
  on me that shit made a nigga get the pad out
 That Female Dog is a hitta!!!
 RT  bless them that curse you,
 RT  Main goal for the season is to be better than the best
 Awwwwwwwwww RT  I can't lie, I miss David. =/
  your twitter name should be 
 Lol you got balls bruh? RT  $8 for shipping and handling? ship and handle deez nuts_-
  I clearly said you was lucky
 RT  Cops don't believe in these red lights.
 You can tell alor about a woman by her conversation, off top you'll realize how she actually views herself
 RT  RT  Wake up everyday stronger than yesterday, Face your fears &&'d wipe your tears.
  you sus ol non respondin ass
  sus
 He still weak RT  Reggie bush going to the dolphins
 Lol kel said "well you like kissin octapussy" Nick thought they was slick
 RT  skeet face ahaha
 LMAO, this nigga roger called Skeeter "Skeet-Face" lol say whaaat?
  is mos def patty mayonnaise
 She cant sing RT  Ashanti needs to make a comeback!
 Guess its just one of those nights
 You know niggas dont know who craig mack is but can tell me re'd up us the best album ever RT  New (cont) 
 Errythin there nasty RT  Sbarro pizza really isn't that good.
 Its funny how the ones claimin and reppin that they bitches and piss people off on purpose always the ones cryin (cont) 
 Get this shit outta here RT  COOTER HOLD THE POWER!
  lol right
  lol he was weak
 Yessss nigga you like 6 years late RT   he's gay
 RT  We gone make errbody who said we wasn't gone be shit below us
 Yeah til he came out the closet RT  lmao RT  Omg!  RT  I (cont) 
  im at the crib yosted
  you already know we gone make shit happen
 Bro we got thos you know that, keep ya head uo and keep movin forward RT  Seem like a nigga can't win man. Fuck
 more anime offtop RT  bring back the old adult swim too.
 RT  Too many women like the idea of marriage but don't understand what is means to submit or truly commit
 RT  RT  How can you be too weak to make the break, but strong enough to keep bearing the pain?
 Thats my soooooong RT  The Roots ft. Erykah - You Got Me
  RT  Who has weed brownies ?
 RT  Always willing to learn.
 Yeah them orange ones be MFs RT  Yellow? Lmfao. RT  Orange lights = green lights
 This nigga  gone be the first one of us to be a father. He got a car and 3 jobs, he ready
 RT   and me are really gonna make big moves soon. Watch out for us.
 I'm wiy my boy  on this shit, you can honestly say Usher is top 5 r&b of all time, nobody (cont) 
 RT  RT  People lack substance now a days.
 RT  less complaining - more grinding
 MOS DEF RT  so yea, when i get my phone back...session.   
 RT  A session would be lovely right now
 RT  my motto is if everybody loves you, u must be playing it too safe..
  have a good productive day and make sure to be the queen we know you are
 As you should be young nigga RT  Work today 12-5, this is day 7 in a row, Im on my  shit
 RT  TOP of The Morning, God has to put me to work.
 To make her happy RT  What satisfaction do you get after you get with the girl you always (cont) 
 RT  I can't wait to start school!
 RT  RT  Fear does not come from God. On the contrary, God gives His children a spirit of (cont) 
 RT  RT  goodmorning  new day, new opportunities and new blessings . . take advantage
 RT  too real to fake that,
  good morning
 RT  Progression
 Shit goes RT  Deadman's Wonderland.
 I remember I used to fooooorevvvvvver run into  at tbe bridge when I was in 9th and 10th grade
 RT  im feelin it - jayz
 I do i remember a few colors RT  remember when i had red individuals?
 PREEEEEEAAAAACCCCCHHHH RT  all these girls and boys need some home training 
  yeeaaah you on yo preeteen shit
 RT  I hate that some girls get soo sad and shit over not having a boyfriend. stop that shit and (cont) 
  lol nope still can't ball me
 This made me laugh RT  remember when that green tie tried to escape in 09 and just threw herself on the ground?
  that's onlybcus I'm unballable boo
 RT  this phase shall pass
  you ball me everytime we speak wit yo I still ain't followed Rich even though he funny and charmin
  key word GIRL where yo woman game at bruh lol
  HA and I'm light skin
  lol you said it
  you the youngin prolly don't even remember the 90s , when where born 02?
  i know what's up wit KP don't play me
  I really wanna screenshot this so I can ball you
  you such a liar lol, got me mixed cusbit wasn't sent to Rich
  What you say then maybe I'm trippin
  we gone see then, you over here gettin all fiesty rcus yo ass tipsy and shit we just playin dang
  got you dog
 RT  Never forget where you came from and who watched you grow up, a lot of people get brand new these days
  you never texted me lol
  lol mhmm be having that oregano
 Ladies let go of the fairytales and stop tryna make every nigga you feel somethin for "him" or the one (cont) 
 Kim possible -_- lol RT  Whenever you need me baby, call me, beep me, if you wanna reach me 8)
  ok how should I do you then, better yet how do you want me to do yo
  lol did I strike a nerve, I mean some people fuck wit stress I ain't knockin yall but that just ain't me
  mos def bro
  riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight you was just on yo lbc swag, I know how you do
  i was sayin since it won't be boof like you're used to smokin idk if you'll be able to hang
 RT  I don't see how people can just be mad 24/7. Cheer your unhappy ass up!
  nah I was finnavtect you earlier but I didnt and it was the same as before, you not replyin to my last text
  daaaamn i just seen that shit and it made no sense lol
  you nmaintbhit me in 2days the hell you talkin bout
 RT  Girls is really unsanitary out here smh
  I'm just keepin shit 800
  just about to text me
  sho
  I'm just sayin iy ajnt mo boof like you usrd tonsonidkbif you hangin or not
 I never forget
  well mary gone be wit me some you I'm havin a good time regardless
  you got to or else you'll fibd yourself here again, I really wanna spit sime truth to you but I (cont) 
  lol one of them thongs huh
 Like id honestly would be dead or have given up along time ago w/o her, like on her bdays now I always think (cont) 
  better have me wasted of I'm talkin ish
  its shit that we go through, can't avoid it, you accept learn grow and teach
  Saturday you better not let my cuo get empty
  damn moms is a cold one
  lol so what you rockin then kels?
 Lol somebody watchin the nanny RT  RT  All I want is a mr sheffield
 Ain't shit bout life changed the stage its presented on just might be different
  lol you been sippin huh cus you on
 RT  RT  Shoutout to the pain, that gave me understanding..
  lol idk how to do hugs over twitter, hug yourself though
 Will Ferrell has to be one of the funniest people alive
  it was the 90s and she old cut her some slack
 You good G RT  
 I take what I want and always keep what i need
 I can't and won't let anythin or one block me from my happiness
 If you wit it you wit it no half steps or lukewarms
 Styles? It was the same every episode lolRT  dee hairstyles were a fuckning mess on the wayne bros lmao!
 We gettin a lil bit older so its gone show more
 You can have it but you don't want it
  I mean can't have my niggas sad and shit that ain't cool
 You holdin back, ain't nobody ever win like that
 My bad?? RT  everytime i see  tweet i get sad for some reason o_O lmfao
 Today at work really pissed me off like ya boy is fed up
  yeah we gone see
 RT  RT  Too young for marriage, too old for games...
  that's my plot for the weekend you showin a nigga love?
  that's what happens when you don't be fuckin wit me lol
 S/o 
 S/O 
  you not BIG chillin though
  chill then homie
 RT  thankful, greatful.
 RT  RT  I love black love.
 Smh RT  PLEASE know the difference btwn "NO" and "KNOW"
 RT  A person you're truly meant to be with helps you through rough times, not puts you through rough times
 RT   come off as cold and detached...but they just control their emotions well.
 Century and 120th and crenshaw RT  I need to go too target. The closet one is fox hills ... But (cont) 
 RT  2 new tracks check♬ AList x baked goods
  so they hooked you up wit some fliggt boof then lol, but hit me bro im down for the session
 Lol this nigga smokin that boof RT    it's I district better then all cities lol
 RT   DJ's played the WHOLE song...
 Not even a city RT  “ RT  Ppl really just tweet "Inglewood" my city put on lol”Leimert Park >
 RT  Ppl really just tweet "Inglewood" my city put on lol
 RT  Inglewood
 A native american tribe fool RT  what's a navaho? lol
  shit workin and workin on findin better work, what's good wit you
  that be hott
 And that still dont make em shit RT  Just some high class hoes
 RT  These women on "single ladies" are hoes.
  5'8 well I'm 6'3
 Real shit RT  I have to many blessings to even worry about holding a grudge 
 RT  Bullshit replies get Bullshit answers
  that's exactly what happened if he wasnt gonna speak their message he wasn't gone speak one at all that's how they saw it
   RT  who has good red velvet cake other than susie's cakes ???
 RT  RT  I'm really obsessed with Big Boobs
 I love em too RT  I love shorts that cut low in between my thighs.. oowwwee!
 Just like i taught you RT  Yeah I beasted out that interview
 RT  When i see something i like i must get it
 Good day I'm ready for work
 Have pride in yourself in being BLACK and in being american, cus that's who you are
 Don't let anyone bring you down or make you feel as if you wrong for doing good in life, they just mad cus they're not willin to struggle
 Forreal though its time to level up
 S/O  he got these hoes haton cus he got 5 jobs lol
 I'm tryna get attention but of all the right kind
 Some of the pretty women carry themselves so ugly and the others just don't know how to act
 As I get older its not what she looks like or what she got on that's the  attractin feature but just they way she carry herself
 Yeah baby you fine but I lovin your demeanor
 Everyday can always be the first day or the rest of your life, remember the only one sayin its too hard is you
 Even when life is feedin you well you gotta stay hungry cus what's good right now may not be fresh later so gotta keep the meal coming
 The way I was yesterday and the way I am today 
