 Good morning and happy August! Hope everyone has a great Monday <3
 I am SO addicted to Pinterest! Thanks all of you who invited me last week or so ago :o)
 Just a reminder, if you comment on my photos, I don't always get notified. It is better to email me at... 
 Custom Puppy Hat for Carey White Photography!
 Sweet sweet photo!
 <3 Thanks for another fun OOAK night! There are still a few hats left. I have sent out invoices for all so far. Thanks again! <3
 I posted 7 photos on Facebook in the album "OOAK July 28, 2011" 
 2 min!
 <3 OOAK in 30 minutes! <3 
 Custom hat for a special someone! <3 
 Editing pictures for OOAK tonight! :)
 Happy hump day! Hope everyone is having a great week :) I will be working on OOAK hats all day for tomorrow's OOAK night!
 Adorable photo and pose of a sweet baby wearing an OOAK hat. I love it! 
 Cali Jenae Photography needs to get to 2600 likes by the 26th. I am pretty sure we all can help her! Please stop... 
 Fabulous giveaway going on over at Laura Brett Photography's page! Be sure to check it out. You can win a gift... 
 All invoices from last nights OOAK are out. If you haven't paid and would like yours shipped before Monday, please... 
 One lonely hat left from OOAK! It is ready to ship! 
 One lonely little hat left from OOAK! 
 There are still a few goodies left from OOAK. They are all READY TO SHIP and will be shipped out tomorrow if paid... 
 I posted 11 photos on Facebook in the album "OOAK July 21, 2011" 
 OOAK in less than 30 min! 18 hats and 4 headbands! :) Can't wait <3 
 Police Brim Hat! How sweet is this??
 Hmm what is Pinterest and how do I get an invite? I have been hearing people go crazy about it!
 Hope you all are ready for OOAK tonight! I have 4 headbands and 18 hats! I was a busy busy girl yesterday!
 I hope everyone is having an amazing week! <3
 Have you entered the FABULOUS giveaway going on over Laura Brett Photography?? Some amazing vendors include Baby... 
 Aww how sweet is this?! Love the pose and everything about it!
 If you have a just a small moment, please please vote for my good friend Jennifer's (from Jennifer Lea... 
 Have you seen the amazing Laura Brett Photography's work?! Check it out and while you are there enter in the... 
 Another amazing giveaway that ends tomorrow night is Laura Gordillo Photography's page! Many great prizes, so... 
 Make sure to stop by Splash of Color by Moonlight- digital props, backrops, and floors to enter in the great... 
 I am ordering sport logo appliques for a few custom mohawks. I know there were many people who wanted one. So, if... 
 For those late nighters, Laura Brett Photography's Birthday Blowout Giveaway just went live! Head on over to her... 
 Wow! I came to check out my page before going to bed and saw that I hit 8000 fans! I have the best fans in the WORLD! Thanks everyone <3
 There are still a bunch of hats left! Slow night! I am going to dinner now but I'll invoice the rest when I get... 
 I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "OOAK July 14, 2011" 
 OOAK in 30 minutes! Here are the rules <3 
 I am SO excited! Today we booked our wedding photography with PALOS STUDIO. Their work is stunning!
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "Previous OOAK/RTS Hats" 
 Some amazing amazing giveaways going on! Check them out and enter to win! :)
 University of Louisville custom mohawk hat! <3 
 Check out this great giveaway going on over at Laura Gordillo Photography! 
 Sweet sweet little pixie <3 
 Baby girl mohawk! <3 Lovin this photo by Jessica of Jessica Mitchell Photography.
 Head on over to Splash of Color by Moonlight- digital props, backrops, and floors for a chance to win a Heavenly... 
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "OOAK July 7, 2011" 
 OOAK in 10 minutes! Get ready, get set... <3 
 Couple days to enter in the giveaway thrown by Sharon Neves Photography! <3 
 I am going to have to push OOAK one hour early today to 5pm PST. Sorry about that but I forgot I have dinner... 
 Loving this pic! OOAK Mohawk hat <3
 This little giraffe is SO sweet <3 Love this photo!
 Sweet little baby wearing a OOAK chinstrap hat <3 
 Don't forget that tomorrow is OOAK night at 6pm PST! Also, if you have a free minute, please vote for Jennifer Lea... 
 Anyone know of GREAT wedding photogs down in Orange County, California? <3
 Molly Lyn Photography is amazing and she is having a GREAT giveaway! Please check her and her giveaway out! <3 So... 
 Today is the very LAST day to enter the giveaway hosted by the wonderful Amanda from After the Bump, please please... 
 Happy 4th of July! <3 Be safe and have fun!
 And the winners of the giveaway party with me and Jennifer Lea Photography are... 
 Winners of the GIVEAWAY party!: PACKAGE    JULIE ROTHROCK(Please email me at lovebycc within 48 hou... 
 Only a few more hours to enter into the giveaway! I will be picking the winners tomorrow. Thanks for entering!
 Today is the very last day to enter in Love By CC & Jennifer Lea Photography GIVEAWAY party!! <3 Some amazing... 
 Today and tomorrow are the last days to enter in our great giveaway! Please head on over and check it out :) There are some AMAZING prizes!
 We have an amazing line up of vendors for our GIVEAWAY Jennifer Lea Photography and I are hosting. Please drop by... 
 This hat is available and ready to ship! ($35+shipping) 
 I finally took a picture of my ring! I am so excited and since you all are a big part of my life I thought I'd... 
 Sunday is the last day to enter the giveaway party hosted by myself and Jennifer Lea Photography! 39 vendors, 3... 
 Want a chance to win an AMAZING prize package?! Head on over and enter in our gigantic giveaway party! 
 I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album "OOAK June 30, 2011" 
 10 minutes until <3 OOAK <3! Remember to type the number of the item you want with your paypal address. Also,... 
 Here are some great giveaways that we are in right now!
 Don't forget OOAK night is tonight at 6pm PST! I am sorry I haven't been posting sneak peeks, I just got engaged... 
 Please stop by and enter Jennifer Lea Photography & Love By CC's gigantic giveaway party! 39 VENDORS 3 WINNERS!... 
 Can you please help vote for Jennifer's (Jennifer Lea Photography) baby in a contest?! All you need to do is post... 
 Good Afternoon and Happy Wed! :) Hope everyone is having a great day. Please stop by our giveaway & enter to win... 
 Less than an hour to enter Warm Fuzzies by Cortney giveaway. There is only 40 entries so far! Go enter! 
 39 amazing vendors, 3 winners! Please stop by the blog and enter in our gigantic giveaway! We would love to have... 
 More wonderful vendors that are participating in our GIGANTIC giveaway party are: Charming Memories, Sugardoodle... 
 How ADORABLE is this picture of the snuggle bear hat on Jenna Lynn <3 Love it!
 How cute is this frog pic! I love these little froggie hats :) 
 Some more amazing vendors that are taking part in Jennifer Lea Photography and I's GIGANTIC giveaway PARTY are:... 
 Some more amazing vendors that are taking a part in our GIGANTIC giveaway PARTY are: Ali Bali Green, Fresh Outta... 
 Good morning to the new fans and the old! <3 I hope you all have seen the Gigantic Giveaway Party I am throwing... 
 Good afternoon/evening! Welcome to all the new fans. We are having a GIGANTIC giveaway PARTY going on right now!... 
 In case you missed it last night, today is the day for the start of the GIGANTIC giveaway PARTY celebration! Check... 
 For all you late nighters, I just opened up the giveaway for everyone to enter! <3 
 Please check out the amazing giveaways going on right now. Win a gift certificate to Love By CC. Here they are:... 
 GIGANTIC giveaway PARTY celebration with Jennifer Lea Photography: June has been an AMAZING month! It was my bir... 
 If you can spare just a minute, please help Jennifer Lea Photography win a contest that she entered her daughter... 
 Keep an eye out for our big big giveaway PARTY with Jennifer Lea Photography! This is bigger than the last giveaway and will be funnn! <3
 Love By CC is in two great giveaways! You can enter to win a gift certificate to our shop! <3 Check them out at... 
 All invoices have been sent out! If you would like your items shipped by tomorrow morning, please complete the... 
 How sweet and precious is this photo! This is an OOAK bowtop hat. Love this photo!
  here is still available as well. The colors are so girlie and it is very soft as well! 
 That was fast! We only have two OOAK hats left.  here is super super soft and the colors are great <3 
 I posted 8 photos on Facebook in the album "OOAK June 23, 2011" 
 Less than 20 minutes for OOAK tonight! I have some super cute hats and they are READY TO SHIP! :) 
 Look at that smile! Adorable baby and wonderful photography!
 OOAK is still on for tonight at 6pm PST! I have lots of fun hats <3 be there or be square :o)
  is available again! $35 + $3 shipping and it will ship out tomorrow. First to comment with paypal gets. Thanks! <3 
 Wooo hoo! We are on Day 3 of Warm Fuzzies by Cortney 500 fan giveaway! Head on over and check it out. Enter to... 
 Hey everyone! Please help my friend Jennifer Lea Photography choose which photo to use for a photo contest she is... 
 I've gotten many many people wanting to participate in the giveaway Jennifer Lea Photography and I are throwing. I... 
 Its Taggin Tuesday! These are a few WONDERFUL people that are going to participate in my joint big giveaway with... 
 Isn't she so so peaceful looking?! I adore this picture!
 Look at this sweetness wearing an OOAK chin strap hat! 
 Good morning! Wow 7000 fans! I am having a big giveaway PARTAY to celebrate my fans & to help out my good friend... 
 Good morning! Wow 7000 fans! I am having a big giveaway PARTAY to celebrate my fans & to help out my good friend... 
 This photo is so SWEET! I love everything about it!
 My good friend Jennifer from Jennifer Lea Photography (formerly Moments byJennifer) and I are going to be doing a... 
 Happy happy Father's Day to every father and father to be! Hope you all have a great day! <3
 Another great giveaway going on over Jennifer Morais Photography, you can win so many amazing prizes! Check it... 
 Please head on over to Tiny Feet Photography and enter to win a gift certificate to Love By CC plus much more! 
 This one hat is still available  
 This  is still available as well, super soft and lovely colors! 
  here is still available and is ready to ship! 
 There are two OOAK hats available still! Also, please check out my wonderful friend Jennifer's new photography... 
 I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album "OOAK June 16, 2011" 
 Few reminders before OOAK: Don't copy/paste, sometime the comments won't show up. Please put the  of the item you... 
 Less than 30 minutes until OOAK night! <3 Hope you are excited! I am! 
 Don't forget OOAK tonight at 6pm PST, we are back on schedule and I have a TON of hats! Including two mohawk... 
 LOVE! How CUTE are these twins sporting my OOAK mohawk! 
 Hope everyone is having a wonderful Wednesday! Don't forget tomorrow is OOAK night and I have a TON of hats that will be ready to ship! <3
 My good friend Jennifer from Moments byJennifer finally got a website and is changing her name! Please fan her new... 
 Some more of my favs for Tagging Tuesday LOVE <3 Jessica Mitchell Photography, Molly Lyn Photography, Janet Lanza... 
 I just bought a TON of OOAK yarns, mostly boy colors because my boy yarn is seriously lacking!
 It's time for some Tagging Tues LOVE! Please check out these wonderful people and leave them some lovin <3 Tiny... 
 It's time for some Tagging Tues LOVE! Please check out these wonderful people and leave them some lovin <3 Tiny... 
 Check out Tiny Feet Photography fro the wonderful giveaway going on right now! You can enter to win a gift... 
 Love By CC is in two GREAT giveaways right now! Check out Jennie Pyfferoen Photography and Tiny Feet Photography... 
 Love By CC is in TWO giveaways right now! Check out Jennie Pyfferoen Photography and Tiny Feet Photography to... 
 Oh my gosh! How cute is this little bear! This is Jenna Lynn modeling my bear OOAK hat from last week.
 I posted 43 photos on Facebook in the album "Vegas Birthday 2011 <3" 
 I just got home from Vegas! I am going through all emails and trying to respond by tonight :) hope everyone is having a fabulous weekend! <3
 Just a reminder that tomorrow there will be no OOAK, I will be in Vegas! Thanks <3
 OOAK hats are posted! I am going to invoice right away. If you want it shipped tomorrow, please pay asap. I am... 
 OOAK hats that are ready to ship. Pricing is listed on the pictures. The shipping is $3. First to put their paypal... 
 OOAK hats that are ready to ship. Pricing is listed on the pictures. The shipping is $3. First to put their paypal... 
 I am going to have 3 boy OOAK and 2 girl OOAK hats that are ready to ship in about an hour. Probably at 11 PST! :)
 I have going to have 3 boy OOAK and 2 girl OOAK hats up in about an hour or so :)
 Love By CC is in TWO giveaways right now. One from Elskan Baby and the other from Jennie Pyfferoen Photography.... 
 I got a new lens! I got the Tamron 28-75mm 2.8. I couldn't afford the Canon one but I heard that the Tamron is... 
 Jenna Lynn modeling one of my OOAK hats!
 Three OOAK hats that are ready to ship. Pricing is listed on the pictures. The shipping is $3. First to put their... 
 I have three more OOAK hats I will post in a few minutes :)
 Custom Police Brim Hat :) 
 Don't forget to check out this great giveaway by Elskan Baby! 
 Custom SWAT hat! How cute did this turn out?! I love it :) 
 SURPRISE three OOAK hats that are ready to ship. Pricing is listed on the pictures. The shipping is $3. First to... 
 Three OOAK hats that are ready to ship. Pricing is listed on the pictures. The shipping is $3. First to put their... 
 Few OOAK hats going to be posted in a min or two :)
 How CUTE is this photo of Jenna Lynn modeling an OOAK hat with pom poms. She is so tiny that the pom poms are... 
 Adorable picture of the brim hat with flower! <3
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Previous OOAK/RTS Hats" 
 How SWEET is this photo!? This is Miss Jenna Lynn modeling my new headband. 
 Isn't this photo so precious and pretty! I just LOVE it!
 Any recommendations on a good all around lens? I heard that the 24-70mm 2.8 is good and also the 17-55mm 2.8. I... 
 This hat is available again! $32 + $3 shipping and it is ready to ship. It will ship out first thing tomorrow.... 
 Next week I am going to VEGAS for my birthday so there will unfortunately not be an OOAK night. I will probably... 
 Just a reminder that the adoption auction over at Fresh Outta the Oven ends today! I have two OOAK hats in the... 
 I am going to be super busy this weekend so please bear with me. I will try to get to all emails but might not be... 
 Quick reminder! I have TWO OOAK hats for auction to help a fellow prop maker raise money for her adoption. Bowtop... 
 I sent out ALL invoices so far. If you want your hat shipped tomorrow then please pay by tonight or early tomorrow... 
 There are TWO hats available still! Click through and the ones with no names are the ones available (ex:  on... 
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "OOAK June 2, 2011" 
 Few reminders about OOAK! Please don't copy/paste paypal address, you have to TYPE it out otherwise Facebook won't... 
 I just got home from my test! One hour until OOAK, hope you are ready, I got some cute hats! <3
 Just a quick reminder that OOAK night isn't until 7 pm PST tonight (one hour later than normal). Now I am off to... 
 I am going to push OOAK night to 7pm PST (one hour later than normal) tomorrow night. I am taking my real estate... 
 Great giveaway going on over at Elskan Baby! 
 Here is another OOAK hat that Love By CC donated to the auction. The starting bid is only $15!... 
 OOAK BowTop in an auction to help raise money for an adoption! If you would like this please go here and bid. The... 
 The adoption auction over at Fresh Outta the Oven is now live! You just have to create an account to bid. Love By... 
 Congrats to Laura of Laura Gordillo Photography for winning the HUGE giveaway! Thank you to everyone who... 
 Winner of the HUGE giveaway: Thank you to everyone who participated and entered into this giveaway. It was a hug... 
 Don't miss our HUGE giveaway that ends tonight. Also, little moments by sarah is having a big giveaway too and... 
 Today is the LAST day to enter in our HUGE giveaway! Someone is going to be very happy with all the prizes they get :) 
 OOAK Mohawk
 Pixie Chin Strap Hat
 TAGGING TUESDAY! Please check out these wonderful people and leave some love, then go enter in our giveaway! Janet... 
 This hat just became available again and is ready to ship! I can ship it out today! $33 + $3 shipping. First to... 
 This hat just became available again and is ready to ship! I can ship it out today! 
 Hope everyone had a great Memorial Day! Tomorrow is the LAST day to enter in Love By CC HUGE giveaway, please head... 
 HAPPY MEMORIAL DAY! <3
 Two more days to enter in my HUGE giveaway! Good luck! :) 
 I have been SUPER busy plowing down orders and getting ready for my big real estate exam next week. Sorry I... 
 I just love this picture! So precious! 
 Only 3 more days to enter the HUGE giveaway and 3 more days before the winner is picked! Check it out and enter in... 
 Only 3 more days to enter the HUGE giveaway and 3 more days before the winner is picked! Check it out and enter in... 
 I hate to have to say this, but this is a friendly reminder that my business page is not for advertising. I don't... 
 Hope you all have entered in on the HUGE giveaway! If not, I would LOVE to have you enter! There are so many great... 
 Hope you all have entered in on the HUGE giveaway! If not, I would LOVE to have you enter! There are so many... 
 Hellllo! Thank you all for participating in my OOAK night last night. I have about 15 packages going out so far... 
 All invoices have been sent! Sorry it took me so long. We had some company over and then went out to dinner! If... 
 Everything is SOLD! Thanks for participating tonight <3 I am going out for dinner and when I get back I'll send... 
 Tonight is a slow night so far! Still have about 5 hats left and some of my favs are still left for grabbing! 
 I posted 11 photos on Facebook in the album "OOAK May 26, 2011" 
 Just a quick reminder for OOAK night...please don't copy/paste otherwise it doesn't show up. Also, please put the... 
 30 minutes until OOAK night! 
 Who is ready for OOAK night!? Starts in 1 hr 30 min! <3
 Good morning/afternoon! <3 Don't forget that tonight at 6pm PST is Love By CC's OOAK night! Also, please stop by... 
 Adorable picture of one of my OOAK hats!
 Two GREAT giveaways going on right now: 
 Two GREAT giveaways going on right now:
 Awww look at little baby Jenna! She is SO cute! 
 Congratulations to my wonderful friend Jennifer from Moments byJennifer on the birth of her ADORABLE baby girl Jenna! <3
 Hope everyone is having a great afternoon & Wed! Please enter our giveaway if you haven't already! There are many... 
 ★★ Sneak Peek for Thursday's OOAK! ★★
 ★★ Sneak Peek for Thursday's OOAK! ★★
 I just got back from watching American Idol! I was already on my way out the door when you all suggested making a... 
 I won't be answering any emails or anything until later today or tomorrow because I am going to AMERICAN IDOL! :)... 
 I am so excited for this giveaway! You all rock so much! <3 Thank you for celebrating with me and entering. Also... 
 I would love if you can help my friend Bridget from Noggins 2 Piggies and vote for her kids in a contest. The... 
 Thanks to Photo Prop Floors and Backdrops Fan Page, Pure Photoshop Actions, Donna's Hobby, Allie Kay Designs, The... 
 I am SO so so happy that you are all joining in on the giveaway! If you haven't checked it out yet, please do.... 
 Come check out and enter in Love By CC HUGE giveaway going on right now. Some of the amazing vendors include... 
 The HUGE giveaway is live! Head over, check out the vendors, and enter to win. Good luck! <3 
 The HUGE giveaway is live! Head on over, check out all the vendors, and enter! Good luck! <3 
 Just got done putting together the HUGE giveaway! I will post the link for everyone to start entering tomorrow.... 
 HUGE 5k Fan & Appreciation Giveaway: Wow! I can't believe how far LoveByCC has come and it is all thanks to YOU.... 
 This was a custom order for Archie N Chanda Muise. I just LOVE how it turned out. Angel Posadas-Miller spun the... 
 I am feeling motivated! I am going to work my butt off and get LOTS done today. What are you doing today?
 WOW! That was fast! Thank you all for participating, I'll be sending out invoices asap and they will be shipped... 
 I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album "OOAK May 19, 2011" 
 <3 OOAK night is about 30 min! <3 
 I hope you are having a WONDERFUL afternoon! I am getting excited for OOAK night tonight, some pretty colors and... 
 This hat just became available again! First to comment with their paypal will get. $32 + $3 shipping. Thanks! <3 
 ★★ Sneak Peek! ★★ 
 Adorable adorable photo of one of my mohawk hats. Thanks to Jessica Mitchell Photography for the wonderful picture! 
 Gooood morning! How is everyone? I want to share some of my fav people/shops/photogs. Check them out & leave some... 
 I have gotten a good response from vendors for the giveaway! Thank you all! It will be running from May 22nd-31st.... 
 Little sneak peek for this weeks coming OOAK/RTS night! <3 
 I am starting to set up for my big giveaway. If you would like to be a vendor or know of any good vendors, please... 
 Thanks to everyone who participated in the auction to help bring Ivy home over Ellie Bellie Design. We were able... 
 Please visit Ellie Bellie Design and participate in the auction for some adorable hats and props! The auction ends... 
 Wow just saw last night's Idol! I can't believe it...anyone else surprised?
 TGIF! Happy Friday the 13th! The only one in 2011 :) have fun!
 Please check out the wonderful auction over at Ellie Bellie Design! All the money is going to help her friend... 
 All invoices should be out! If not, please email me at lovebycc :) I will be shipping out tomorrow to... 
 Ok! Just one more left! That was fast :) thanks everyone <3 
 I posted 11 photos on Facebook in the album "OOAK/RTS May 12, 2011" 
 Four minutes! Hope you are all ready! :o)
 Anyone ready for OOAK night?! Less than an hour! 
 Don't forget to check out the wonderful giveaway going on right now at Naturally Playful, LLC!
 Just got done taking and editing all the photos for tonights OOAK night! I am excited for all the colorways and styles I have tonight!
 Don't forget to stop by Ellie Bellie Design for the wonderful auction going on right now! It is to help raise... 
 So very excited for tomorrow's OOAK/RTS night! Hope you are excited too! 
 Don't forget to stop by Ellie Bellie Design at 6pm PST for the AMAZING auction going on! There are a ton of... 
 Today is TUESDAY! Lets show some love to these amazing people and pages! Naturally Playful, LLC GREAT Mother's... 
  is available again! First person to comment with paypal address gets, and it can ship out this morning! 
 Hope all you Mother's had a GREAT Mother's Day! Did anyone do or get anything exciting!?
 This little chinstrap will be available on Thur May 12 for OOAK/RTS night! 
 If you have an iPhone 4 and love photography (I know most of you do!) check out Olloclip. I just found it, and it... 
 If you have an iPhone 4, check out this Olloclip! I just saw it and it looks pretty fun!
 "A mother is she who can take the place of all others but whose place no one else can take."- Cardinal Mermillod <3 HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY! <3
 Super gorgeous picture! This was an OOAK earflap hat and Leah added the flower.
 This little pixie is the last hat available from last night's RTS/OOAK night. Made with pretty sequined yarn and... 
 This little pixie hat is available READY TO SHIP to the first person to post with their paypal addy! 
 Good Morning! <3 Anyone have anything interesting/fun going on today?!
 Good morning! <3
 I *believe* all invoices were sent out! If you haven't received yours, please email me at lovebycc :)... 
 This lovely Pixie Chinstrap is READY TO SHIP! :) First to put their paypal address, gets it shipped tomorrow <3 
 Two hats still available! 
 I posted 13 photos on Facebook in the album "OOAK/RTS May 5, 2011" 
 Who is ready for OOAK/RTS night?!?! Less than 30 min! 
 ADORABLE picture of my dusty blue brim hat! 
 Hurry and head over to Confessions of a Prop Junkie so you can enter in on the giveaway! There will be 38 WINNERS... 
 Tonight is OOAK/RTS night at 6pm PST! Check out the "Sneak Peek" album to see a few of the hats that will be there... 
 I'd love to see everyone's photography! Would you mind posting your fan page under this comment so I can "like"... 
 Today is the LAST day to enter the Big Launch Giveaway over at Confessions of a Prop Junkie. Make sure you enter... 
 Brim Hat from RTS night!
 Mr. Froggie :) will be available this Thur at OOAK/RTS night with his little girlfriend Ms. Froggie! 
 Sneak peak for tomorrow's OOAK coming up in just a few minutes!
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Previous OOAK/RTS Hats" 
 Good morning! <3 I am working on more RTS/OOAK hats for tomorrow. Any specials types of hats you would like to see?
 Lisa over at Ellie Bellie Design put together an auction for an amazing cause! She is helping her best friend... 
 Sneak Peek! <3 
 I'm thinking about hosting a giveaway soon! Any vendors that would like to be a part of it, please email me at lovebycc thanks!
 HAPPY TUESDAY! <3 Link Love <3 Giveaways going on: Confessions of a Prop Junkie & Backdrops & Floordrops by... 
 Don't forget to enter into the HUGE giveaway going on at Confessions of a Prop Junkie! 
 Have I told you all lately how much I appreciate and love you all! I am so so so lucky to have such wonderful and amazing customers <3
 BowTop coming this Thursday for OOAK/RTS night! 
 Pretty little brim I made for my good friend Jennifer, for her little girl being born soon! <3 
 Look at that, 5400 fans! Thank you all for being so great! <3
 Wow! Thanks for all the orders, I took a little more than I was expecting to take. I am very excited to make all... 
 So many giveaways going on right now! Head on over to Confessions of a Prop Junkie and Backdrops & Floordrops by... 
 Thank you all for making my shop opening so successful! At the rate orders are coming, the shop will probably be... 
 More than halfway full on orders for the month of May! If you would like to get an order in, this is the time to... 
 Yay! Shop is opened! :) 
 The store is opening in about 30 minutes! 
 Shop opening in 3 hours! If you need a custom order please email me at lovebycc prior to my shop opening... 
 Here is the Ikea headband as a rolled rose. I made a few of these the other day trying to get the rose looking... 
 Can anyone guess what I made this headband out of (the bow part) and where I got the material?! First person to... 
 Can anyone guess what I made this headband out of (the bow part) and where I got the material?! First person to... 
 Good morning and welcome to all the new fans! Shop opening today is at 6pm PST and will stay open until I am full... 
 Tomorrow Love By CC will be opening for new orders at 6pm PST! If you want a custom order with different colors or... 
 Got my Starbucks and now I'm ready to work! It's amazing how a cup of Starbucks coffee can make my day. It is like... 
 Few reminders! Please pay your invoices within an hour if you want your hats to ship today. SHOP OPENING TOMORROW... 
 There are still a few hats available from last night! (One OOAK, Pixie, and 2 headbands!) They are available for... 
 Anyone staying up tonight to watch the Royal Wedding?!
 I *think* all invoices are sent out. Please check your email and if you didn't receive one email me at lovebycc :) Thanks! <3
 A few sweet headbands available and ready to ship! 
  is still available! 
 Thanks to everyone who participated tonight! The shop will be opening for orders this Saturday at 6pm PST! :)
 There are a few hats AND headbands still left from OOAK/RTS!!
 I posted 14 photos on Facebook in the album "OOAK/RTS April 28, 2011" 
 Less than one hour until OOAK/RTS! Don't know what OOAK/RTS is? Read below. Lots of hats coming up! 
 Anyone excited for OOAK/RTS night tonight? I sure am! <3
 Don't forget to head over to Olive to Sew to enter in the wonderful giveaway! 66 vendors! <3
 This is an owl hat I made for RTS night a few weeks back :)
 Don't forget the shop is opening this Saturday at 6pm PST! <3 
 OOAK BowTop Hat <3
 Good morning! Happy Wednesday day! Anyone doing anything fun today? I think we are heading to Disneyland for a few hours!
 This beauty is going to be up for grabs tomorrow at 6pm PST! <3 
 SNEAK PEEK! <3 
 SNEAK PEEK! <3 
 Happy Tuesday! <3 Please visit these pages and leave some <3LOVE<3 wonderful friend and photographer: Moments... 
 Oh my! Look a this adorable picture with my lion hat! Thanks Christine of Uncontained Photography! <3 
 Store Hours and Opening! 
 SNEAK PEAK for this week's coming up OOAK/RTS night! 
 Wow! Check out this giveaway by Olive to Sew! 66 amazing vendors! 
 Hope everyone had a WONDERFUL Easter! Only a few hours to enter the giveaway at Naturally Playful, LLC! Head on... 
 Happy Easter everyone! Hope you have a wonderful day <3
 Don't forget to enter in the Easter giveaway by Naturally Playful, LLC! 
 The majority of my amazing photos come from my wonderful friend and photographer Moments byJennifer. Please go fan... 
 Facebook is a little weird and sometimes doesn't send me notifications when you comment on a picture. If you would... 
 Love this picture of my owl hat!
 Good Morning and Happy Friday! :) I am doing a big shipment today. If you would like your OOAK/RTS items shipped... 
 Thank you all for participating tonight, that was fun and awesome! GUESS WHAT?! I am going to open my shop to new... 
 I sent out all invoices! Please pay by tonight or tomorrow morning and it'll be shipped tomorrow. If you haven't... 
 A few headbands left! These ones and the skinny bands as well. 
  is still available! 
 I posted 20 photos on Facebook in the album "OOAK/RTS April 21, 2011" 
 10 MINUTES until OOAK/RTS! Get your fingers ready. Please TYPE your paypal address and which item you want if... 
 10 MINUTES until OOAK/RTS! Get your fingers ready. Please TYPE your paypal address and which item you want if... 
 About an hour until OOAK/RTS night. PLEASE REMEMBER: Comments don't show up when they are copy/pasted for some... 
 I need book recommendations! What is a a great book  or series to read? What is your favorite book?
 Only 5 more fans until 5000! I am excited for tonights OOAK/RTS! I have a little bit of everything to be posted... 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 Welcome to all the new fans! Tomorrow is OOAK/RTS night. I will be posting lots of items that are ready to ship,... 
 It was 85 degrees on Saturday and now it is raining! The weather can't make up it's mind :P
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 Custom hat for Stacey! I had fun making this one :) The yarn has pretty little sparkles in it. 
 Morning!! It is TUESDAY! Please visit and leave love on these pages ♥ BIG giveaway going on right now Naturally... 
 Morning!! It is TUESDAY! Please visit and leave love on these pages <3 Naturally Playful, LLC <3 giveaway going on... 
 Sneak Peek for this Thursday. Little OOAK Bow Top hat <3 
 Today is the LAST day to enter the amazing giveaway over at After the Bump. Head on over and enter if you haven't... 
 The WONDERFUL giveaway by After the Bump ends tomorrow. Make sure you enter before it is over. Someone is going to... 
 Custom BumbleBee Hat for my wonderful friend Denni <3 
 I am going to be gone for the day! It is supposed to be 85 degrees here today. Hope you all have a great day :)... 
 I have a HUGE addiction to yarn. I need help! lol ... I am getting a big thing of yarn delivered tomorrow and I... 
 If you have entered already, then head over to After the Bump and enter in her AMAZING giveaway! Tons of vendors... 
 I am doing a big shipment today. If you won a hat last night and want it shipped today, you have about an hour to... 
 Thanks to everyone who participated tonight! That was fun and went much smoother than last week :o) I am going to... 
 There are still a few hats and wraps left! Come check them out <3 
 I posted 22 photos on Facebook in the album "OOAK/RTS April 14, 2011" 
 Ready for some fun?! OOAK/RTS starts in less than 30 min! Be here and be ready with your fast fingers! Last week... 
 Welcome to all the new fans! Tonight at 6pm PST we will be having OOAK/RTS. I have about 17 hats and a bunch of... 
 Good morning! Today is the day for OOAK/RTS. I am super excited and have tons of items to share with you all!... 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Animal Hats" 
 Sneak peak for a brim that will be available at this weeks OOAK/RTS night! Thursday, April 14th 6pm PST. 
 Welcome to all the new fans from After the Bump! I am having an OOAK/RTS night tomorrow night at 6pm PST. There... 
 If you haven't already, PLEASE please go to After the Bump and enter in her gigantic 5k fans/2 yr birthday... 
 This was a little mohawk I made for RTS a few weeks ago!
 <3 Good morning/afternoon/evening/night. Wherever you are in your day, I hope you're smiling. <3
 Just want to remind you all I ship to the address provided to me on Paypal! Please make sure this address is... 
 Get your FASTEST fingers ready! Here is another sneak peak for the upcoming OOAK/RTS this Thursday! 
 Tagging Tuesday! Check out After the Bump for the GREAT giveaway going on! Pocketful of Sunshine, amazing thank... 
 I was testing a monster pattern out for a pattern maker and this is what I came up with! "Miss Monster" :o) 
 How cute is this? My brim hat with a matching tie. Great photo by Moments by Jennifer... 
 Cutest photo of my new Gray Brim hat!
 Here is a sneak peak for this coming up Thursday's OOAK/RTS night! 
 HUGE giveaway going on at my friend, After the Bump's page, for her 5k fan/2 year anniversary celebration! You can... 
 Fourth of July custom brim hat! :) Hope you love it Carrie! 
 Good morning/afternoon! Hope everyone has had a great weekend so far! I want to get back into reading, anyone have... 
 Good morning! Has everyone had a good weekend so far? I hope so!
 There are a few invoices not paid from OOAK/RTS night. If you would like your items, please pay asap. I will be... 
 Hey! I have a favor to ask you all. Warm Fuzzies by Cortney is having a ready to ship night and she needs people... 
 TGIF! Thank you all for a wonderful OOAK/RTS night last night, I had a ton of fun despite the little bumps in the... 
 Thanks everyone for a wonderful night and sorry for any confusion! I think I sent out all the invoices :)
 We have ONE more hat left. This little orange/cream hat on the right! 
 I noticed a lot of people had questions about if I can remake certain hats. Please contact me through the... 
 There are just THREE hats left! Can you find them? :o) 
 Hmmm anyone know why on some pictures the comments don't show up to everyone and just to me? And why some people... 
 I posted 14 photos on Facebook in the album "OOAK/RTS April 7, 2011" 
 My facebook is freezing on me! There are more so please bare with me while I try to finish uploading!
 Only a few more minutes! I am excited to post these this week! :)
 A little less than an hour before OOAK/RTS night starts! Lots of cute boy and girl hats! 
 Here is another picture of the Pixie Chin Strap!
 I have this Pink Heavenly Angel Baby Blanket that is ready to ship. It is $45+$3 shipping. 
 Pixie Chin Strap Hat <3
 Good Morning!! :) I am already getting excited for our OOAK/RTS night tonight. It will start at 6pm PST and there will be tons of hats! <3
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "OOAK Hats" 
 Tomorrow at 6pm PST will be OOAK/RTS so have your fast fingers ready, I have some cute hats that will be there! <3
 Are you ready for OOAK/RTS tomorrow night? Here is another sneak peak! :) 
 Remember this Pixie Chin Strap with sequins? I have a picture of it on a real baby and not a doll! Love how this... 
 Only 2 more days until Thursday's OOAK/RTS! Here is another sneak peak <3 
 Good morning! Happy Tuesday :) Please check out and leave some love for these pages. Giveaway going on at Amanda... 
 Giveaway going on right now Amanda Rodgers Photography! Some great things being given away! Check it out <3 
 I've donated a Mohawk Hat for Caylee's Grace ~ Cure CF raffle to help raise money to find a cure for Cystic... 
