 RT  Scores decline again in Baltimore: 
  How has your summer been? I've been away from Twitter a while and thought I'd say hello
  Thanks :-)
  Hey glad to see you're still Tweeting about education in Baltimore. I disappeared for a while, but I'm getting ready to come back
  Make sure to like the facebook page  I'll be updating very soon
  I know...I've been missing all the great info and ideas that I get from people on Twitter...
 I hope everyone is having a great summer. I've been gone a while, but I do plan on returning to Twitter :-)
  Hmm I never read Bunnicula...I'll have to look it up on Amazon
  Thanks for the suggestions :-)
 Anyone know of any books about basketball that would be appropriate for a 7th/8th grader?
  Thanks for the suggestions. The kid seems to dislike reading but I'm hoping with an interesting book he'll get into it
 Anyone know any mystery books or series that would be appropriate for a third/fourth grader?
 I started tutoring an upcoming 8th grader who told me he has never read a book he enjoyed...so now I know my goal with him...
 Alonso signs on for four more years - baltimoresun.com 
 If anyone is looking for a summer reading tutor in Baltimore Co. I have a very open schedule this summer, so DM me :-) for children & adults
 Hope everyone is having a great summer...I know I sort of disappeared for a while. Had some personal drama.
 I like how they choose the summer to do fire alarm testing and major construction at CCBC. There are still some students in the building...
 ‎"One sometimes likes to hear the same compliment twice." T.S. Eliot
 I need something fun to do tonight...What is there to do?
 Hi Twitter folks. What's the good word? I've been sort of MIA from the Twitter scene for a while
 A student assumed that since summer semester is only 5 weeks, he wouldn't need to buy the textbook. Uhh yeah you need it
 I see I have been on hiatus from Twitter
 I'm back from Ocean City, with some seriously burned skin. Woops.
  I want Super 8 Passes!
 A third book that was recommended to me is Little Bee by Chris Cleave. I'm looking forward to reading those books.
 Book recommendations I received for the summer include Sarah's Key by Tatiana de Rosnay and The Story of Edgar Sawtelle by David Wroblewski
 I watched the movie, and am now reading the book Push by Sapphire. I just finished Sold by Patricia McCormick.
 RT         
 RT  Hereford HS class of 2011 graduates tonight at  - congratulations to all! Can't wait to see what you'll ac ...
 RT  Students with 3 or more A's on their report card gain FREE admission for themselves & an adult to  on 6/30 fr ...
 RT  On Inside Ed: City violence strikes school communities, very powerful interview with principal of Montebello Elem/  ...
 There's just about nothing worse than dishonesty
  parent remarks - "schools in this area were bad when I was in public school almost 20 years ago!"
 "I’m a fairly recent homeowner on the eastside of Baltimore County & I am absolutely terrified to send my child to middle school next year!"
 Best Summer Camps In Maryland « CBS Baltimore 
  Thanks for the RT :-)
 Any other college instructors on here already on summer break? It is nice...even though I'm teaching a summer class in 3 weeks
 My schedule is now very open, and I am offering reading tutoring for  residents. Read here for info 
  Relating to curriculum is important...if students don't see significance in what they're learning, why pay attention?
  The show  got me thinking about school food. I wonder what school lunch is like in Baltimore 
  For example, some parents don't think of things like having their child read a menu or having their kids write a grocery list
  Yeah, I think schools need to work on ways to get parents involved & teach them ways to educate their kids at home 
 What's a good topic for a Baltimore City Schools chat session?  ...what do you think parents? educators? students? community?
 "We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice." - Stephen Covey
 A bunch of my friends are going to the  in MD today.I'm going to the Eastern Shore to visit my dad but let them borrow my camera
 What to do with this beautiful day...
  Sorry to hear about your student. That is very sad.
 It's going to be 80 degrees and mostly sunny today in 
 Check out comment on summer camp here on Bmoreschool's facebook page: 
 Someone on my facebook page made good point that inexpensive camp may actually be "daycare" disguised as summer camp
 Baltimore parents: What summer plans do you have for your children? Is camp affordable? 
 Summer Plans? 
 I got a text earlier today that read "Is class today" signed "MRS.GRIM REAPER OF LUV." Yes, Mrs. Grim Reaper of LUV...come take your final.
 ‎"I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions." 
 “The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.” -Eleanor Roosevelt
  Thanks! I think there was an entire year in high school when I came home & watched Springer nearly every day...
 Help bring Baltimore's education community together&like bmoreschools on Facebook 
 RT  Man killed in Brooklyn today was a senior at Southside Academy, quarterback of football team 
 Grad school is over for me...it's a weird feeling not having any assignments to work on. Now I guess it's time to clean the house.
 My old policy was I would call the student to schedule a time for them to make it up...not doing that anymore.
 My new policy is...if student misses a final & doesn't contact me about it...he or she fails. I mentioned importance of final about 50 times
  Fun! I didn't register in time, so I'm not racing, but I think I'm riding there with some friends anyway.
 Anyone going to the Warrior Dash this Sunday?
 One more grad class to go, and then I'll get back into setting up www.bmoreschools.org Any suggestions for the site are appreciated
 I think I'm in the market for a summer job, so if anyone knows of anything, I have 30 masters credits towards a degree in Reading Education
 RT  Western students taking to Inside Ed:, saying principal is overreacting in canceling senior events aft ...
 Funny how tests are such a big deal in an undergrad education, yet as a grad student I have never taken a test.
 My graduate professors are so particular...
  Her topic was how to motivate readers
  She was in the Student Union
 Just listened to Linda Gambrell, a professor of Education from Clemson, speak at Towson University
 Prodigy, 15, among University of Baltimore graduates - baltimoresun.com 
 I'm buying 2 of these kayaks  Who wants to kayak down Middle River?
 Blue heron in my backyard :-) 
  I was in a kayak last summer, but I'm thinking of taking a lesson before actually buying one
  Hadn't heard them referred to as the divorce boat. Well I'm not married...so maybe I'm safe?
 I'm practicing night photography with my tripod. This is my second attempt. Shot from my back deck 
 I just read that under new proposal, "Bay Bridge fees would hit $8 in 2013 from the current $2.50" Visiting my dad's going to get expensive.
 Anyone have a 2 person kayak to sell? I really want one
 RT   my Education tweeps:          ...
 I just paid $4.05 for gas in Dundalk, for a total of a $45 fill-up. I can't exactly afford that with my adjunct paychecks.
 RT           <--  ...
  Yeah, I try to teach them how to paraphrase...that's a start
 And for those who don't know, I teach college students who have high school diplomas or GEDs (I teach developmental reading)
 Last week of semester, and I'm still trying to break students of the habit of copying and pasting info from Wikipedia into their PPT slides
  Good question. A lot of my students aren't very Internet savvy, so I can imagine them googling "poem" and selecting what they find
 I think my students need a separate course dedicated to how to use Internet resources without plagiarizing...
 Student: "Usually when I have to write a poem I just find one online that's not very popular and put my name on it." Plagiarism
 RT  OK, so I need my BCPSS folk to educate me: How is fair student funding not fair? I hear it a lot, but no one can give examp ...
 When I look at my students' phones, I think I'm the only one at the college who still uses a phone without a touchscreen
  Must be. One student told me she never looks at clocks on the wall. She just checks her phone.
 RT  Baltimore city to hire 15 new execs at six-figure salaries, even as schools face the loss of funds and teachers:  ...
 Guy writes "He was best known for raping and good music" in his Power Point. Miss a letter?
 I realized that a lot of my students can't tell time using the clock with hands in our room...
 Peel & Stick Collage Book=$19.99 at Lakeshore, $2.90 brand new at local thrift store. I love thrift stores.
 City school district to propose second buyout - baltimoresun.com  Here we go again...
 Mount Washington Elementary teacher named city's best - baltimoresun.com 
 The program in DC schools was called the Capital Gains Program. Did they stop that?
 Does anyone know if they pay middle schoolers in DC for attendance/good behavior? I know Rhee proposed that in 2008
 Student writes, " I take my cell phone into fitting rooms and listen to music." I never thought of spending that much time in there
 Happy Mother's Day!
 Boy mauled by leopard at Kansas zoo - US news - Life - msnbc.com  What a nightmare
  I've gotten advice overload on teaching reading to elementary students so I'm def more qualified now
  If you're still interested.I know we just talk about this forever,but my schedule will be open& not so stressful,so I can commit
  Well, I'm glad to hear you're alive. My grad school is pretty much over after next week. If u want to set a date for tutoring
  Nice. I didn't realize it was supposed to rain tonight. We've got thunderstorms now...but it was a nice day
 How is everyone in  doing? I feel like I haven't asked that in a while.
  So far in my graduate classes (taken by teachers), all of my classmates have been female. We def need more male teachers
 On bin Laden’s death, a Marine says let’s cheer for our troops - The Washington Post  Written by a friend of mine.
 Figured out how to put my camera on self-timer. That's me with my dogs 
    Follow official Twitter accounts for Baltimore Co Public Schools and Baltimore City Schools
 Happy Friday everyone :-)
 RT   awards scholarship loans to encourage students to become educators  ...
 When it comes to country music, I'm liking this guy...Jason Aldean - Dirt Road Anthem - ACM AWards 2011 
  Thanks for the suggestion. I'll try it out tomorrow night and see how it goes
  Good idea. I'll have to get out my manual to figure out how to do that (I have a lot to learn)
  I've probably had mine for about 3 years. I'm finally taking a class and just now bought a tripod
  Thanks. I'm learning how to use my SLR camera :-)
 Anyone have advice on how to take a night photo so the lights are crisp? My first attempt turned out like this 
 Almost time to play in the backyard with my new tripod :-)
 2 more weeks of school for me...then I can devote more time to developing site www.bmoreschools.org Any suggestions welcomed & appreciated
 RT  UMD's head basketball coach Gary Williams is retiring after 22 years with the Terps.
  Good move. Twitter is a great way to connect with educators & parents in 
 I just bought a Bogen/Manfrotto 3405 Junior Tripod for $8 at a thrift store. I think that's a good deal.
  I'd say you have a legit case against them
 Baltimore County Public Schools are now on Twitter --> 
 Free cab rides in Baltimore tonight from 4pm to 4am for Cinco De Mayo. 877-963-TAXI. Free up to a $50 limit.
 I just realized it's cinco de mayo
 RT  final hour. please vote for BCAC by midnight to help us win $25k for the work we do w abused kids.   ...
 Time for some Theraflu...then bedtime
 RT  Digital Harbor High School students hold peace summit, propose ideas to curb violence 
 RT  May 19-City Schools &  launches Pre-k at Play Day! All of our pre-k students visit cultural & educational  ...
 Phew...about 2 weeks left in my semester...busy busy
  Sure - just retweeted
 Baltimore Teachers win a paid Trip to ISTE 2011 – The premiere ed tech conference! - Mario Armstrong 
 “A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.” - Winston Churchill
 RT  We are ONLY 1 follower away from 200! Make our day! RT if you believe that girls have the power to change the world!
  Twitter was more effective at getting news to me last night than CNN or any other station
 I think I should have vacuumed my floor before taking pics of those books
 I'm selling children's and adult's books on my site. Check check it out. Support the site 
 I was just bit by a hopping cricket who was lurking in my bath towel. I'll never trust a bath towel again.
 So how many people learned first from Twitter that Osama Bin Laden was dead? Twitter's a great source for news.
 RT  Why do people keep calling into the radio talking about caves? Did you even see the news? He was in a mansion on a com ...
 RT  Got off phone with friend who is in special ops. Hes in complete tears. Impt to remember how much loss people have felt t ...
 We're all going to bed late tonight.
 Crazy...took almost 10 years to get him
 CNN says Osama Bin Laden is dead
 John King gave it away on CNN
 President Obama is making a statement at 10:30 about something "national security related"
  Hmm I hadn't heard Obama was coming on at 10:30. Now I'm curious...
 Squared Away: The Credit Card iPhone App | Kidult  <--Pretty cool.
 Spotted these guys while sitting on my deck. Fancy oars, huh? 
  I actually read them all...the last one is pretty funny...and the Lindsay M one was really funny
 [UPDATED] The 30 best obnoxious responses to misspellings on Facebook.  <-- Wow this is hilarious...and sad.
  Do you follow   It was also an eventful day in the world of Baltimore crime
  Yup when I flipped on the news tonight all I saw was the wedding coverage, but I always check ed news on Twitter
  It's crazy following everything that's going on -teacher buyouts, shady credentials...I wonder how many people are paying attention
 Does anyone else think it's sad that the media has to keep the school systems straight? I'm referring to bogus credentials of K Seawright
 RT  Killings swell murder total to 25 percent more than this time last year
 RT  Unusually high number of comments on story about city school official resigning praise Seawright: . Hmm ...
 I told my students, if I took a personal 3 week vacation from school when I felt like it, I wouldn't have made it to grad school... 
 One of my students said she had a nice 3 week break from her English class. I said, you got 3 weeks off? "No, I took my own vacation." Oh ok
 Wow, my students really lose their drive after coming back from spring break...
  I just read your story about Kevin Seawright resigning after you investigated his degrees. That's pretty crazy!
 Why did I just get an email saying: NOOK Color: The  gift this mother's day. I don't know about your mom, but mine's not getting a NOOK
 There are too many people in Middle River with pit bulls they can barely handle. Makes walking my dogs a little scary.
 Former US Secretary of Ed Terell Bell said in '88 “Not even the best classrooms can make up for failure in the family” Sounds like a cop-out
   You might possibly be right...but I read them all anyway
  What do you mean? Might not want to get into the topic of gang activity?
 Oh & don't forget to make your Thurs complete by liking Bmoreschools on Facebook 
 I'm waiting to see if anyone is going to comment about gang activity in Baltimore's school. Students? Teachers? 
  Welcome to Twitter and thanks for the follow. Looking forward to learning more about your goals
 I decided to start rereading On The Road by Jack Kerouac. I'm in one of those kinds of moods.
 This is what geese look like when they are protecting their babies 
 Gangs in Baltimore's schools? Have you noticed the presence of them?: 
 Gangs in schools? 
 Student told me when he went to Patterson High there was a hallway for crips and a hallway for bloods...wonder if that was exaggerated...
 RT  Baltimore hopes to bring back 1,000 students who have withdrawn: . Not considered "dropouts" until June ...
 One of my students can relate to reading about gangs b/c he used to be in one...interesting. If I could just get him to come to class more
 "“Only a life lived for others is a life worth while.” -Albert Einstein
 I think a paper cutter was the best gift my stepdad ever got me. Saves so much time when I'm chopping up activities
 Spring break is over...guess I can't complain after having 9 days off
 Gosling babies :-) 
    Thanks! I've never even heard of a cormorant
 Anyone know what this bird is? (Spotted him or her in my backyard) 
 Last day of spring break. Guess I should grade papers...get ready for these last 3 weeks of the semester
 Children with well-developed phonemic awareness "usually come from homes in which rhyming chants,jingles,&songs r part of daily experience"
 What a beautiful day, until those PM T-showers hit
 Anyone in Middle River cut grass? I don't have a lawnmower yet and my grass oh so needs to be cut
 Check out my photo blog. Check, check it out. 
 Geese and gosling swimming in Middle River. I love this time of year 
 RT  Accountability has created a mean-spirited regime of closing schools and firing teachers/principals. We are destroying ...
  I think the geese hid when it started raining, but I'm sure they'll be back
 Plus I bet some teachers don't like standardized testing playing such a big role in determining a teacher's success (what's parents role?)
 I hear that all the time in grad school from elementary & middle school teachers,that they can't implement a lot of what we're learning
 I think teachers know the best pedagogy but aren't able to implement what they know & that burns them out
 I'm thinking 1 reason teachers may have accepted early retirement is b/c of inefficient programs that r in place that they r forced to use
 I'm still curious about what people think about buying out teachers in   What made them choose to leave?
 "I must lose myself in action, lest I wither in despair." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
 Like bmoreschools on facebook  and give me suggestions for improvement of site!
 There are some little baby gosling in my backyard. I'll have to get out there later with my camera. I love this time of year
 It's Friday...but I've had off work all week, so every day has felt like Friday
 Presence of drugs in  schools...Are teachers vigilant at detecting drugs or do they look the other way?: 
 Presence of drugs in schools? 
 RT  Don't forget to bring your mug when/if you go to Starbucks. Free coffee with ur mug.  ...
 "82 percent of the country's top colleges report using Facebook as a recruiting tool" 
  So many parent-teacher relationships in PG county are lacking?
 RT  According to Sharon Darling of the National Center for Family Literacy The latest trend in educational excellence is p ...
 And here come the girls... 
 Shot I just took in my backyard of Middle River. What a perfect day :-) 
 iPads for all as Maryvale Prep adds tech to instruction - baltimoresun.com  Wow...
 “For everything you have missed, you have gained something else, and for everything you gain, you lose something else.” -Ralph W Emerson
 Sad news today about Phylicia Barnes...makes me take a moment to reflect on my own life & the life of those I care about
 RT  Crime Beat Blog: Body found yesterday in Susquehanna River determined to be Phylicia Barnes, sources say . ...
 RT  NYT article: 3 new studies show how exposure to pesticides in produce leads to significantly lower IQ in children:  ...
 Beautiful day. Took the pugs for a walk...now what?
 How well can your child read?:Your quick response is appreciated.  
 How well can your child read? 
  I love your traveling idea!
  With enough vocalization & attention from the community, the schools will change
  It's a little creepy, the control that schools have. That's why I think getting the community involved is so important
  No...the public knows something is really wrong when officials hide behind closed doors
  But I think a lot can be done if the community gets involved. Parents really need to get involved & be aware of what's going on
  The pedagogy is already out there. Sometimes educators are restricted by district guidelines as to what they can do
 Food Revolution in LA reminds me of the documentary Food, Inc. where Tyson wouldn't let filmers into any of their chicken houses
  If the education system was working properly, we wouldn't have "good" schools and "bad schools. I do like your blog
  I don't mind schools having different features, but I don't like that some schools get more attention than others.
 I'm watching  Love that show.
  I love this weather, where I can get the pugs outdoors  more :-)
 My pug, Bandit, outside in the nice weather. 
 Follow  for info on schools in Hampden
  I'm not a fan of school choice because there are always students left behind at "neighborhood" or inadequate schools
  Just read your post, "In My Neighborhood." That's interesting.I think it's a problem that "neighborhood" schools are poor quality
 Anyone know any good used bookstores in  I'm creating a list
 7th-10th graders can be reading volunteers this summer at Baltimore County Public Library branches 
 RT  when reading .. even if the sentences are long.. the punctuation tells you where to pause.. "Don't! Stop!" is different t ...
  True. I wonder what kinds of teachers decided to leave. Maybe some who are frustrated with the school system
 RT  If you oppose status quo in education, join Parents Across America
 I'm interested in what parents think of Dr.Alonso enticing experienced teachers to leave.Bring on inexperienced teachrs? 
 21 page graduate paper. done.
 Baltimore City to save $5mil by offering buyout to 300+ teachers:  What is your opinion? How does this affect students?
 Baltimore City Schools to save $5mil by offering buyout to 300+ teachers 
   Ok so maybe your Canadian public school experience was more like an American private school experience
  Hmm I wonder how different a Canadian education is from an American one...
 So looks like Baltimore is going through w/ early retirement incentive, losing 300+ experienced teachers. Saves $5 mil but at what cost?
 RT  Follow the Baltimore Sun's "Inside Ed" blog on Facebook: .
  I've heard South Carolina doesn't have the best rep as far as school reputations go
  Interesting. I was in public schools from K-12 in Anne Arundel Co., Maryland
 If anyone else wants to submit a guest blog to be posted on bmoreschools.org, send me a message. I have 3 takers so far
 Quick question: Did you go to private school or public school (or a combination of both)?
 RT  What do the nation's self-proclaimed education reformers have in common? All went to private school, according 2 NYT: http: ...
 I think I decided that synthesizing research studies is the most tedious/time-consuming part of grad school
 Phew. Writing a synthesis of theory and research is tedious and time consuming...(graduate school)
  Great! I'm looking forward to learning more about your programs. I will send you a message with my email
 If anyone wants to write a guest blog on my new site on your topic of choice (related to education in Baltimore), let me know
 RT  High school girls in need of a prom dress can attend the Creative Kids' Dress Giveaway on April 30 at 6 p.m. http:/ ...
 "Thirty percent to 70% of children diagnosed with ADHD continue to display
 In one instance, school bullying has decreased over the years. Is this true in other  schools? 
 Got a speeding ticket for going 51 in a 35. Woohoo!
 RT  Volunteers are needed for Spring Bike Counts in  City from May 10 - 12. Sign-up to help at 
 "Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down."  ~Ray Bradbury
 RT  Student Research and Scholarship Expo Thurs. 4/21, 11am - 2pm, 3rd fl. of UU. Variety of topics & presentations.  http: ...
 "Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly."  ~Robert F. Kennedy
  I've heard he's gotten some pretty bad reviews about his show, so I'm sure eventually he'll have a hard time filling $50 seats
 I see Charlie Sheen is coming to DAR Constitution Hall tonight...wonder how that will go. Tickets are $48-$88
 The last 2 purchases I made through Target.com have ended up being delayed by up to a month. Shouldn't they keep better track of inventory?
  Sounds exciting. I'll look forward to see how your plans progress
  Thanks for the RT. Just curious, what does TunnelVision do to help Baltimore's youth?
 The only way to have quality education for all students is for everyone at all schools to be on the same page...at least that's my opinion
 My vision with my new site is to bring people all over Baltimore together, because I don't think each school having its own agenda works
 "No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible." -Voltaire
  That's interesting. You'll have to keep me updated about how effective you think the facebook group is at meeting your goals
  Thanks for the Facebook like :-)
 Tip: Never go to a thrift store in Essex on their sale day (people everywhere, crying children, long lines) ~not worth it
 RT  See  for 2 great resources I just shared. While there, pls consider "liking" me if U ha ...
 Obituary: William Donald Schaefer, governor and mayor, dies - baltimoresun.com 
  Want to meet up this week? I'm free every night except tonight (I'm on spring break)
 I just finished reading Stink by Megan McDonald. That was a cute book...I think I can see 2nd grader I tutor liking it...
 Place for Baltimore community to come together and discuss education ~I wrote examiner article promoting my own site :-)
 RT  Baltimore city school system likely to move forward with early retirement plan; 332 teachers haved signed up:  ...
 RT  Body recovered from water under Bay Bridge in second person-overboard incident in single day. 
 RT  Come out Wed. 9 am to noon to help get plastic up on the hoophouse! The weather should be beautiful...
 RT  Confirmed: Alonso's not heading to Chicago: 
  I agree. The kids did a great job, but I wish it could have been for something more meaningful.
 MSA "My Pencil" Rap performed by George Washington Elementary students in Baltimore. Was it cute or sad? 
 "My Pencil" MSA rap: Do we like it? 
 “Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable.” -Franz Kafka
 "Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
 RT  Congrats to Cross Country, Hamilton, Woodhome and Bluford Drew Jemison for bringing home 12 trophies from the Natio ...
 Phew I'm tired. Enough obsessing over my new site for the night. Thanks to everyone for giving me ideas.
 Bmoreschools on Facebook Like it &acknowledge that Baltimore needs better schools 
 I'm reading Stink, The Incredible Shrinking Kid, before I go to bed
  Donate your favorite new or gently used  books May 7th at Poly Western High parking lot~for kids w/out books
  Sad that field trips aren't in the budget. Students need real life experiences where they can apply what they've learned
 RT  Kansas City terminates 115 teachers, plans to replace them with TFA: 
 There's a reason why I don't usually buy Zebra Cakes
 "Contentment is the drug of fools. I prefer truth." - Stephen Jeffreys
 If anyone wants to help a vision become a reality, check out how you can help   
 "I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand." -Confucius
 Book Giveaway  Junie B books  Who in  likes Junie B Jones?
 Time to head to Annapolis for dinner with my dad
 Bmoreschools on Facebook ?!!?  I think you want to "Like It." 
 Contest number 1 has a winner: Patrick  Promoting literacy in  :-)
  But I only know of a few accounts, & I don't work from the gov so I definitely don't have an expert opinion
  Plus traveling far to get to the conference & being paid regular day's pay. Seems over the top sometimes
  I think my point wasn't worded well. I've just seen new interns each given their own hotel room & a lot of spending money
 Anyone going to March for the Animals tomorrow at Druid Hill Park? I think I'm going with my 2 pugs
  Even on TFA website,says teaching for 2 years develops"skills essential for success in any field" What message does that send?
  Thanks!
  Hi. I'm glad to be connected with you. Do a lot of the parents have Internet access?
 I learned how to put together a steam cleaner, steam clean the carpet, & the couch...all thanks to my dogs
 Bullying in  Is your child being bullied? Or is your child the bully? Which schools have worst problem? 
  Thanks for the idea about school trips. I'm interested to know where schools are taking students
 What's a good topic to discuss about ed in Baltimore? Physical condition of schools? Bullying? How to motivate students? Another idea?
  lol no I'm pretty sure Thomas Jefferson was the first to ever use that sentence. We could never come up w/ that on our own.
 "The more that you read, the more things you will know.  The more that you learn, the more places you'll go." -Dr. Seuss
 "I cannot live without books." -Thomas Jefferson
 RT  Charters serve less than 4% of US kids. Anyone watching out for other 96%, their schools, their teachers, their princi ...
  When there is choice & schools r not equal, CEOs focus more on some schools than others. Unfair to students
  I think 1 prob w/ choice is people get too excited about particular schools & ignore others, like w/ Baltimore's Design School
 RT  Tornado Watch issued for our area (that's baltimore , n sht) until 9:00pm tonight! Be aware of rapidly changing conditions!
 RT  Reading levels on NAEP for DC 8th graders exactly the same in 2009 as in 2002. 48% basic or above; 52% below basic. Wh ...
  (cont.) businesses to help out
  Yeah I think that's a great idea.Hopefully I can draw some traffic to my site b/c that will probably increase odds of getting...
 I'm trying multiple tactics to get Baltimore community involved in education :-) I'm on spring break now, so this is my obsession
 Any students,educators,community members in  want creative artwork/poetry/writing displayed 
 RT  Man shot, critically wounded in Dundalk after parking in wrong driveway 
 Just realized I'm up to 1500 followers. Thanks for supporting the effort to reform school in 
 Any  students (from preK to college) want to submit artwork,stories,poetry to be displayed on bmoreschools.org DM me
 I hear many stories about govt employees staying in nice hotels,getting spending money for alcohol, etc. & there's not enough $ for schools?
 I don't believe that there isn't a way to help all schools across the district...I'm reading about the new Design School
 I think that's a big problem with education. Officials hone in on helping some schools while other schools are left to wait
 "If the standard becomes that we can't do it until we can do it for every child, we have a problem." -Alonso on renovating schools
 Bought a steam cleaner, put it together, and learned how to use it, and cleaned the carpet. Success.
 and of course the girls are in love with Junie B books...I have a few of those...maybe they'll be my next book giveaway
 I've also heard good things about Adventures of Taxi Dog by Barracca, but I'm not familiar with that author
 Other good books for struggling elementary school readers are Stink by McDonald & Black Lagoon books, but I don't have those to give away
 Captain Underpants are great books for unmotivated or struggling elementary school students
 To anyone in  , I'm seriously mailing out 4 free Captain Underpants books 
 I think I'm making a late night trip to Walmart to buy a Hoover Steamvac. Exciting Friday night!
 I'm thinking about putting an artwork section on  Any  students or teachers want their artwork showcased?
 Police say middle school fight led to triple shooting  Bullying at Dundalk Middle
 Check out my resources for parents page  link to educational websites, book recommendations..
 Places to get cheap/used and free books in   Any1 know of others, let me know.
  I saw your comment about Baltimore schools. It is a shame that students graduate w/out learning basic spelling rules 
  &  are interested in participating in  chat Any more  folks interested? Parents? Teachers?
 Who wants to chat about education in Baltimore City? Let's set up a day and time.  
 Documentaries that show an inside look into schools in   Pretty revealing that a lot is out of control?
 Spread word about your program that helps  students 
 RT    We have a total of 37 new and 79 recognized Baltimore (county and city) Carson Scholars for ...
 I'm spending $60 on flea med, going for vet visit tomorrow, then grooming appt...keep that in mind if thinking about getting a dog :-)
 Recommendations for  folks:   for news about crime &  for news about education
 I think I'll do an  today. Who wants to be in my 
 Tomorrow vet at 12:30 and grooming at 4. Looks like it's a dog day.
 I thought of an idea...parent blogs for schools. Any schools out there have a blog where parents can communicate w/each other or w/teachers?
 The documentary "The Learning" about Filipino teachers coming to  looks really interesting...trailer on Inside Ed's blog
 RT  Inside Ed blog now features trailor of new film "The Learning:" . Documentary about Filipino teachers  ...
 All I'm doing tomorrow is having conferences with my students. Happy spring break students :-)
  That's interesting. I wasn't sure how many schools had them in place...I'm sure they can make a huge difference.
 Can education reform ever overcome obstacles presented by background of poverty? Has much changed since 60s? 
 Did I say bmoreschools is on Facebook? Yes. About 5 times. 
  I've learned a lot of techniques to help students read, & I'm sure parents would benefit from knowing them
  Yes. I am taking a professional development course & I think focusing on providing instruction for parents would be helpful
  That's good to know they're available in Balt schools.The reading clinic where I teach works with parents, & I think it's great
 Are there workshops available to parents in any  schools? Like how to teach reading strategies to your children? Just curious.
 Earlier I was teaching adults. Now I'm learning how to play Creepy Cave Consonant Matching Game to play at grad school tonight
 We'll see how my plan of luring people to my blog by offering free books goes :-)
 I just walked by someone who said, "He's my sister's baby daddy."
 When the entire living room smells like urine and a steam cleaner doesn't fix the problem...drastic measures are needed.
 My dogs peeing on the floor has gotten so old. They have now lost their freedom & will be crated every second that I can't watch them.
 Book giveaway. Anyone in  interested in 4 free Captain Underpants books 
 I posted a blog for Autism Awareness Month. If you live in  & know about autism, please contribute 
 I'm showing my class part of the new  episode with Jamie Oliver. Goes along with what we've discussed this semester
 Anyone in  who is familiar with autism, please share a few thoughts at  to help spread awareness
 RT  Baltimore city school board debating buying a building down in Station North to house new design school.
 Generation Hope & The  Dance Crews Project are listed on  under the programs tab. Add your program!
  I teach developmental reading to community college students at CCBC
  Good point. I never shut out students, but they have to make an effort to get back to where they need to be.
 This evening I'm really headed to  for some ideas on how to help the second grader I'm working with
  I could look him up on this site  but I might not want to know...
  I like the idea of asking the student what his or her plan for missing up make-up work is rather than telling them what to do
  Yeah I agree. Being in jail is the consequence of one's actions & not an excusable reason for missing class
 Survived my observed lesson today and got a 20/20 on a grad assignment. Phew. Now on to the next task.
 What does one say when a student says he missed class because he was locked up? I'm sorry to hear that?
  My phone does that to me when I have too many texts on it. I delete all my texts & it's fine, although it's not an Iphone
  I'm looking through a book called Phonics They Use Words for Reading & Writing for ideas on teaching prefixes & suffixes
  I compromised by reading a book related to my lesson tomorrow out on my deck steps
 It's so nice out...and I have to force myself to write a lesson plan
 RT  Baltimore Teachers Union say that they've reached contract deal 4 paras and school related personnel; raises, holidays, and ...
  I pulled that quote from some research I was doing on teacher-parent relationships. It is sad & shows misconceptions
 Teachers hold negative views about attitudes of poor or minority parents. What do you have to say  
 I'm off to Lakeshore Learning in Towson to see if I can get any products or at least ideas to help w/ the 2nd grader I'm working with
  Cool logo :-)
 "My spelling is wobbly. It's good spelling, but it wobbles and the letters get in the wrong places." -A.A. Milne, Winnie the Pooh
 RT  Third Grade Reading Level Linked To Likelihood Of Dropping Out   
   Thanks for checking out the Facebook site and supporting Baltimore schools  
 Oh, did I mention it would be a great idea to like bmoreschools on Facebook at 
  Sounds like fun! I'm sure there are less productive ways to spend an hour
  Thanks! I'm hoping eventually the site I created will be a place where the Baltimore community can discuss education 
  What do u think of my site?  (It's brand new) Every city should have 1 where commun. can talk about ed
