 RT  A Google Plus Primer On Links & Rank 
  I recommend placing all breakable items either in a locked cabinet, or in the medicine chest.
   or putting the toilet paper out of reach.
 Facebook Profile Stalkers revealed to be rogue application 
 RT  To buy followers or fans is like buying a cheap hooker. Very risky and low quality.
  let me know if you need any help training your kits.
 RT  Nooooooo! My cats just discovered what toilet paper is. 
 RT  RT  How so many hijacked accounts gave away their passwords unknowingly: 
  no, but I live in San Diego. I am thinking of getting the Exhibitor's Pass
  when you are here in San Diego for BlogHer, can we meet F2F?
 RT  Who else is going to the  event this Saturday for  's book signing of 
  I'll be there!!
 RT  Start Your Own Food Truck 
 Nissan Americas is launching a Spanish language Facebook Page 
 Women’s News Bureau Launched to Help Businesswomen Attract More Female Clients.  via 
 RT  Congrats to the trucks named in San Diego Magazine's "best of" issue!! 
 RT  Numerous websites for House and Senate members down following speech from Obama 
 Online Travel stats 
 RT  8/3 San Diego: My  Book Party w/ &   on 
 Don't Abandon Yelp et al for Google Reviews 
  check out the website,  and the book by the same name.
 RT  Twitter Search Gets “New Twitter” Look & Feel  
  can you reserve the date of October 15th for a Geek Expo I am doing?
  best SEO Tools (both web and browser-based) are here 
  wave hello to the zebras for me!
  or do our SEO for me?
 RT  Draft picks and undrafted free agents can be signed beginning 7 a.m. (PDT) tomorrow.
 RT  In suspense over iPhone 5? Your Android might already have features iPhone 5 won’t.  via 
 RT  Google Plus Deleting Accounts En Masse: No Clear Answers 
 RT  Oslo Bombing Video Is a Facebook Scam, Infecting 1 User Per Second [WARNING] 
 RT  Why you need to understand why people join communities online: 
 RT   Oh, the 30th is the San Diego book launch party being put on by Social Media Club San Diego  ...
 It Begins with a Bag! Sponsor a student/athlete in   Goal 2700Kids-2700Bags PlzRT via 
 RT  Sign in men's room: "Please don't dump coffee in sink." Added Post-It: "It keeps the sink up at night!"
 RT  An eyewitness tells Norway's NRK broadcaster he saw more than 20 bodies at camp shooting.
 RT  News to put to work-  on how to tips for  Codes & how to use to build  &   
 RT  The Top 10 Marketing Sites for  Marketing Trends 
 It’s dangerous 
 RT  “ One person killed, several injured, in  explosion, Norwegian broadcaster NRK reports. Live:  ...
 RT  Google Retires Toolbar for Firefox 
 RT  lol Angry Birds plot global domination 
 RT  Oslo bomb scene pic:  Scooping tweets here: 
 RT  RT  Follow  - Oslo financial trader who's tweeting live from the scene there. via 
  it is automation without thought
 RT  Videos from Oslo attack  
 RT  Oslo blast update: Most windows blown out of building housing Prime Minister Stoltenberg's office; nearby oil ministry ...
  why is someone bombing Oslo?
 RT  China is the Land of Fake iPhones and Fake… Apple Stores? 
  I cannot believe that someone else didn't buy them like Amazon or Powell's.
 I'm in shock, all the Borders bookstores are closing!!
  George and Ira Gershwin were my cousins.
 Happy Hour Special: 
 Proceed. 
 The Hidden Power of Your Customers  ( 's new book is out! Come like her book page on FB)
 RT  Free Entrance into  Jazz Bar when u show us ure Comic Con badge! click 4 details!   
 RT   Stop by our sister restaurant   show your Comic Con badge, & receive 15% discount for lunch and dinner.
   Hi, Rick!
 RT  Please RT: Amber Naslund  confirmed as BlogWorld Los Angeles keynote speaker  
 Overstock.com's Marketplace is closing as of tomorrow, 7/21.
 I am going to the NARI San Diego Mixer on 7/21 at Bell'Agio
 RT   Warns Of Massive Malware Outbreak (NationalPost)   
 RT  Comic-Con 2011 Survival Guide  via 
  I may shut down my Meetups in August.
  only 1 person showed for Meetup. 8(
 TONITE! San Diego Social Media Marketing Meetup, Joe's Pizza, 7pm- 
 RT  8/3 San Diego: My  Book Party w/  &  
 Facebook bans Google+ ad - CNET News 
 Digital Life - Shoppers fume over Sears' $69 iPad ad mistake 
 Launching The Google+ Expert Training Course! Limited Availability  (humor) 
 Beware the Google+ Experts | Spin Sucks 
 RT  The unforseen impact of online “friendships” 
 San Diego Social Media Marketing Meetup is tonight, at Joe's Pizza, 7pm  (More crowdsourcing)
 RT  Details on the food trucks that will be at Comic-Con are here!! 
  you might want to change your permalinks type on your blog.
 RT  Turns out, social networks aren't sociable: Zynga's bid to raise $1 billion through an initial public stock offe... h ...
 I'm still recovering from Sat's Rockstar party and cleanup. Was a kick!
 Colonel Mustard 
 RT  Active-duty military march in Pride Parade 
  no, if FriendFeed had a brother it would be G+
 RT  Eric  Emerg Op Ctr: cyclist arrested riding on closed 405 -- jogger also stopped by cops. Happened around 10 a.m. 
 Don't forget ! ROCKSTAR COSTUME PARTY!!! - VisionPulseEvents (San Diego, CA) -  (Tonighht 7pm)
  G+ is a way of collaboration, but I'm not all that impressed. Reminds me of FriendFeed.
 Troublw with Google+: I am not an open networker (on there), so if I don't know you or you are not a peep, I will NOT add you.
 EA Buys PopCap Games in Deal Worth Up to $1.3 Billion  (ahhhhh! Electronic Arts bought PopCap. Oh nooooooo, Mr. Bill!)
 RT  Is it social media if they don’t act? Is it broadcasting with social tools that connect people to the 10%?  ...
  Thank you so much!
 RT  Cal Trans and company staging below us here at 405/101. Conway live in 5!   
 I submitted a proposal to speak at BlogWorld Expo in November!! 
 Klout Rides Spotify's Coattails. Or Should That Be Vice Versa? 
   does it work for non-contact forms? A client wants to do a complicated booking form.
 Google wipes all Co.cc subdomains from its Search results 
  I prefer Market Samurai for keyword research.
 Looking for best  plugin for making a customized form
  Google+ = FriendFeed
  what, in your opinion, is the best Wordpress plugin for creating custom forms? (NOT a contact form)
  Jason, what did you use last year to raise monies for BlogWorld Expo?
 Got a virtual event? Promote your virtual event for free! Here's how -  via  via 
 New to Google+? Here are some interesting things about privacy settings I’ve come across.  via 
 Why Netflix Raised Its Prices - NYTimes.com 
 12 Essential iPad Apps For Your Small Business  via 
 12 obvious signs you’re addicted to social media
 San Diego Social Media Marketing Meetup  is on Monday, July 18-   (we will be continuing our discussion on crowdsourcing)
  best email addy is pros (Twitter won't let me send a DM)
 RT  Google Docs Spreadsheet Offers Help in Wake of Mumbai Blasts 
 Get ready for 'Manhattanhenge' on July 13 - Holy Kaw! 
  I am sure we will see Amazon ads shortly
  Amazon offers a better deal than Netflix and with the price increase, I am sure they will start pointing that out
  are you planning to attend BlogWorld Expo in Los Angeles?
 RT  Netflix takes a beating from the Internet on new pricing structure. Thousands complain.  
 Twitter users More Engaged with TV Shows 
  when are you leaving??? I so wanted to talk to you...
 RT  Infographic: The Hard Knock Life of an Internet Troll (Social Studies Blog)  via  
 RT  Don't forget that Thursday night we have $2 beers 5pm to midnight!!
 RT  Will copyright/piracy issues kill the film industry? 
 RT   Basketball evolving in different ecosystems:   
 Measuring Facebook Effectiveness, an interview with Jay Baer (great interview). 
 And the privacy wars begin anew. 
   I have 2 faves: Tom Ham's Lighthouse and 94th Aero Squadron for Sunday Brunch
 RT  gd morn SD, who else is thinking bfast? whr's yr fav Sunday brunch spot? RT & answer 2 win gi… (cont) 
 Hitler rants about Carmageddon‏  (to all my Los Angeles peeps!)
 Yahoo Shutting Down Site Explorer This Year 
 The LinkedIn Profile  (great infographic)
 Google Will Delete Private Google+ Profiles on July 31st | WebProNews 
 RT  What Not to Do On  
 Watch out! Twitter spam is on the loose again. Do NOT click on "You're in this picture" or "funny blog you should see"
   Twitter has been doing that since it started.
   and what brought out the Little Mermaid in you??
 RT  Here is the SCOOP on new Warner Bros. autograph signings process at Comic-Con   
  do you really want to deal with the traffic hassles the Royal Couple would bring??
 Flickr: Robert Scoble's Photostream  ( photos of last shuttle launch)
 Rt   Main engine cutoff! Atlantis' has arrived safely in orbit after a spectacular - and bittersweet - final liftoff.
  since they are giving stars to cartoon characters, I wouldn't worry about no-talent real actors.
 Wonder if giving peeps a +K in Klout helps EmpireAvenue share prices.
 RT  Watch Out! Google’s Chrome Creeping Upward In Browser Share
   because Ken should read and use you book!
  actually a lot of the IM peeps are going over to Tobri.com 
  &   - meet each other. My work is done! 
  &   - meet each other. Ken, Aliza has just published a new book on crowdsourcing 
  &   - meet each other. My work is done! 
 RT  via  EBay buying mobile payments provider Zong for $240 million 
  I have several Easter Peeps from 2 years ago, and they are finally hard enuf to use in an art project
   &   - meet each other. My work is done! 
  &   - meet each other. My work is done! 
 RT  They're not just for dunking -- Impressive Oreo Cookie Art 
 RT  The News of the World is finally killed off 
  Absolutely! In fact, I just gave a talk about inbound link strategies and mentioned this.
 Ok, why is Facebook's new video chat plugin called "Peep"?
 Ross Mayfield's Visual Guide to Circles in Google Plus 
  only 6,000 of those were sold, but the chocolate covered corn dogs were a hit.
 RT  Remember When Twitter Was A Joke? No One Is Laughing Anymore.  via 
 San Diego Fair stats: In 3 weeks of the fair, 1.4 million people went and 40,000 deep-fried oreos were sold 
 San Diego peeps! Check out MOGUL, a cash back program for restaurants, from MojoPages: 
 RT  win a pair of badges to Comic-Con? visit   to register and watch the morning news
 RT  This G+ circles thing is like a whole Facebook friend, Twitter follow, LInkedIn connect do over
   other than providing another set of links, it is still not as useful as FriendFeed
 RT  Would you like an official  sticker? 
   YES!  sticker would be perfect for my collection!
 Why is it a "historic" dust storm???
 RT  Stunning images! Huge dust storm engulfs Phoenix Az. 
   so you will get to laugh at those early adopters (like me) when it goes wrong.
   Done!
 RT  The PR and marketing implications of Google+   (very important article about Google+)
   I do not know how to send an invite. Will ask others.
 Sharing Google+ to Evernote 
 Make Short Url for Google+ Profile 
 Yeehaa! Just got my copy of  's Complete Idiot's Guide to Crowdsourcing!!
 RT  Social Media’s Generation Gap - Great look at security and privacy concerns from  
   ex was doing archaeology in San Diego, and I was tired of over 10 years of heat (it hit 121 in Phoenix one year)
 RT  Dear Skype Browser Plug-in:  Do you know how to do anything except become "unresponsive"? 
   I no longer live in AZ, but while in Mesa, we had incredible dust storms.
  sign up for Klout and see how we compare! 
  sign up for Klout and see how we compare! 
  sign up for Klout and see how we compare! 
   you have such a way with words, 8-(
 RT  One Week In, Google+ Users Are Growing Followers, Getting Traffic 
  it started out as skirtz, a bookmarking site for women
 And kirtsy is also dead... 
 Mixx is gone  (it was like Digg) 
 My Yahoo Toolbar says it is only 82 degrees here in San Diego. Without air conditioning, it feels much hotter.
 San Diego Search Engine Optimization Meetup  (we meet TONIGHT at Joe's Pizza, 7pm, to talk about inbound link building)
 Why Google Has the Hammer To Make Businesses Use Google Plus - Convince & Convert 
 New blog posting, Discovering Microbrews - 
 Namecheap.com rocks  - give it a try!  - Enter for a chance to win $5000! 
  no, but I use DuckDuckGo.com as my search engine these days
 Any good places to park in downtown SD while waiting for a boat??
 RT  We are open for dinner! if Uncle Gus ate all the burgers, come have the pizza and salad buffet!!!
 RT  Twitter drops following requirement for DMs on Verified Accounts  (oh, no!)
 RT  Did you know you can invest in  accounts that aren't yet linked to Empire Avenue?  
 RT  Let's Play San Diego party at VisionPulse this Sat., 8pm. 
 RT  How To Find Your Lost Kindle, iPad, or NOOK {Infographic} 
  there are so many better collaborative tool on the web
  WTH is an organic donut? Vegan I get.
  reminds me of the Google Wave mania
 Spending the afternoon listening to the  rehearse at 
  with Amazon gone, Barnes & Noble and Buy.com are courting CA affiliates
 RT  When did the sixties become "mid century?" Hmm. Wasn't it just last week? <lol>
 RT  Let's Play San Diego party at VisionPulse this Sat., 8pm. 
 RT  Oh, look. Eight of my titles are available in the iTunes store: 
 RT  20 Professional Niche Social Networks You Should Know About 
 Vote for Joe's Pizza as BEST Pizza on the 10News.com A-List. Every vote counts! 
 Vote for The Best To You as BEST Gift Shop on the 10News.com A-List. Every vote counts! 
 Vote to make this nominee the BEST Pizza. Joe's Pizza: 
 Vote to make this nominee the BEST Gift Shop. The Best To You: 
 Am actually trying Google Plus...
 RT  Cyoot Kitteh of teh Day: O, Hao Interestin!  Plz 2 Tell Meh Moar! 
 RT  Make Google+ Look More Like Facebook 
 Say cheez 
  I know of a kickass auditorium you can rent, 
 RT  This Is What It's Like to Actually Use Google+, Google's New Social Network -   
 Ad Network Takes MySpace for $35M - MarketingVOX 
  then why won't your site let me buy a ticket?
 New blog posting, Alaskan Brewing Company - 
 Archaeology Dig in Progress - A Photo Essay 
 Update: Facebook Shuts Down Apps In Abrupt Policy Switch. Spartan Prelude? | mocoNews 
 Hiring a Social Media Agency? Read this First! | Social Media Explorer  (AMEN!!!)
 Where is everyone going to see fireworks in San Diego??
  is the Fireworks cruise sold out?
 RT  6/28 Free Tues.  Museums: (SD res. & active mil.) 10-4p Hall of Champions, Air & Space & Automotive. Pack a picnic!
 RT  Starting Friday, U.S. taxpayers can deduct $.55/mile of biz-related travel, up from $.51 
 RT  Measuring Social Media with  ~ Free Live Webinar June 30th ~ Details at:   
 Want to throw a Zombie party? Check out this awesome Zombie Party Planning Guide   via 
   I prefer Delicious for my bookmarks. Take a look at Conduit.com for creating a custom toolbar
  sign up for Klout and see how we compare! 
  google toolbar mines your data. Lots of better toilbars available
  have you tried the RockMelt browser?
 RT  Monster launches LinkedIn rival on Facebook   
 RT  Who from San Diego is going to  I need a car pool for 2 of my staff. I can offer some perks. Tweet me!
 Caring is for the birds 
 RT  7 Cool Car Parking Apps for iPhone 
 Best restaurant reservation app for Android: OpenTable  (It is also a great website for the same function)
 RT  The only excuse for making your Facebook event invite ALL-CAPS is if there is FREE BACON. Otherwise, stop it.
 RT  Remember  folks: if you get lost in the convention center just stop and hug a librarian until help arrives.  (inside joke)
 RT  Cartoon: RIP Peter Falk 
 SHE’S GOT a chicken  
 I'm trying out Twit Cleaner (), analysing who I'm following to find the good/bad & ugly!
 eBay Acquired Magento For Over $180 Million – But Not Everyone Is Smiling 
 Marketing Data RoundUp: Apps dominate Android user time | Consumers say Facebook pages influential - MarketingVOX 
 Demystifying cloud computing for consumers - USATODAY.com 
 Facebook Testing Home Page Design That Keeps Ads and Bookmarks Visible as You Scroll 
 BBC News - Jewish bodies found in medieval well in Norwich 
 Peter Falk Dead: 'Columbo' Star Dies At 83 
 RT  Mutant rabbit born near Fukushima plant  
 RT  Google Shuts Down Medical Records And Health Data Platform    
   what is 
   I had mine yesterday
 RT  Not pleased w/ Firefox 5? U cn go back 2 a previous version 
 RT  TGIF! 1st 3 people to register for Digital Media Dinners TODAY receive $20 off with code TGIFVIP   
 RT  Harry Potter E-Books Plan Worries Bookstore Owners | Techland - TIME.com 
 RT  Auto DMs on Twitter: Just Say NO! 
 RT  Whoa!!! Dictionary.com installs 234 trackers on your computer?!  What They Know
   I am disgusta-pated.
   but not fails. I was called Mrs. Malaprop for years as a kid, for using the wrong word
   you can't do a spelling Fail on a little kid. FailBlog FAIL
 RT  Did you read yesterday's consumer alert? BBB weighs the pros & cons of QR Codes... 
   we met years ago at a Mac conference. I will pass the word on.
 North County Arts & Culture in June - Poway, CA Patch 
 Airline Offers $9 Round-Trip Flights to Las Vegas - Poway, CA Patch 
  Next week is still somewhat free.
 I am ranked as a Manager on Empire Avenue's Marketing Index.  
   have you seen the Social Buzz Club yet? 
 RT  23 interesting Social Media stats and facts -  by  [Eye-opening!]
 RT  5 Signs You’re Throwing Leads in the Trash 
 RT  the BEAV! :) RT  Did you know The Beav' is on Twitter? :) 
   have you seen this yet?   (great network for getting word out)
 RT  The Nest Egg Wobbles - Distribution - Life & Health Insurance News 
 Why I am No Longer a LinkedIn LION 
 RT  New video: Regator cofounder Kimberly  walks you thru the Regator Breaking News desktop app 
  interesting, link works from HootSuite but not on TweetDeck
 RT  Dilbert Says "No" To Black Hat SEO  - awesome to see SEO in the strip!
 RT  For those interested in fair use & copyright,  story is a must-read:   /cc 
 RT  Are you marketing to the Boomerang generation?  --they have lots of disposable income. 
   the carrots link doesn't work...
 RT   brings down the hammer on outside social building networks   
 RT  And still has brass ring game! RT  The carousel in  is 101 years old  
 RT  BIG NEWS! Who is going to  You’ll be the first to see the exclusive world premiere of the new  trailer ...
 James Arthur Ray ("self-help guru") convicted of sweat lodge deaths (three counts of negligent homicide).
 RT  So gr8- if u haven't seen, check it out! RT   staff plays joke on GM by replacing car w/Lego V ...
 RT  Even I hadn't heard American citizens can be assassinated legally by US gov't until this video in Congress  ...
 RT  Marine Corps and Civilian Aircrews Replacing Maps With iPads 
 So cool!  share price is higher than  on 
 Yahoo Is Trying To Buy Hulu – Report 
 Social Media Refresh Tip  Own Your Friends' Contact Info | Almost Savvy 
 RT  Web Marketing Tip:
 Fixtures Living: The most incredible showroom I have ever seen!!  
 Has anyone heard of  ?
 RT  The Gourmet Experience is getting ready for another exciting extravaganza! This year we will be featuring a... http: ...
 RockStar Party  VisionPulse Sat. July 16, 2011  (Mark your Calendars!!)
 Potential Security Breach Forces WordPress.org To Reset Passwords  (from Mashable)
 Always a hazard with an open source program... 
 I'm one of the first in line for the "One Page Twitter Dashboard" from  Join me   via 
 Need social media tools for monitoring, content ideas, video blogging, twitter marketing and more?  via 
 It will be officially summer at 10:16 am Pacific Time (hope the June Gloom lifts in time)
 I'm the Guru of The Complete Idiot's Guide to Crowdsourcing on  
 Another incredible book by    
 I'm having linner at Joe's Pizza (
 RT  Dropp Combines Yelp Recommendations and FourSquare Check-Ins Into One App 
  was very nice yesterday here
 RT  Facebook Users Want Professional Networking: BranchOut Nears a Million New Users Within a Week 
 annoying pop-upz 
 The band ( let me sing on stage with them!!
 Listening to  live at  (VisionPulse) playing the James Bond/Secret Agent themes!!
   why, what's up? The Miss America Pagent?
  do people buy shares hoping that one returns the favor?
 THE HILLS HAVE EYES 
 When Batman villains mate 
 RT   Serious musicians learn how to get your videos viral for free  facebook.com/TalentHouseLive
 I've been on EmpireAvenue for 30 min and peeps are already buying shares? Spooky.
 RT  Hiring line cooks for north park and starting to accept applications for Encinitas. Spread the word please!!
   Will mostly need help with figuring out stock market aspect of EA
 I just unlocked the 'Truly Linked In!' Achievement on EmpireAvenue.com 
 RT  I'm creating a Facebook Fan Page. I need you to visit and give it a like so I can personalize it! 
   will you help?
 Uh-oh. Teetering on the edge of signing up for Empire Avenue...
   yes, you are nuts! July in PHX is hot, it reached 120 degrees F one summer
 RT  Is Google +1 Another Social Flop? » Social Media  via  (and the answer is YES!!)
 RT  Vancouver Riot Videos: More Proof The Future Of News Is Social Video 
 RT  8 Best Calendar Apps for Android 
 RT  Spectacular abstract backgrounds. 
 13 Crowdfunding Websites to Fund Your Business | Practical eCommerce 
 RT  Apple Patent Aims to Shut Down iPhone Camera Recording in Venues - 
 RT  Final trailer for Harry Potter finale [video] 
 RT  Sign up today for the  Blood Drive!    ~~ lori
 RT  Up Close With Google’s Search By Image: Hits, Misses & More 
 RT  Digital Media Dinners Sponsor  is serving Beach Mex Buffet & everyone gets FREE Taco Cards  ...
 Am now a member of the Social Buzz Club!! via 
 QR Codes: Dead End or On-Ramp? | ClickZ 
 Only 20% of Daily Deals Users Come Back for Full Purchases | ClickZ  (important stats for all those deals sites)
 Google Adds Reputation Management to Dashboard :: Small Business Marketing Blog from Duct Tape Marketing 
 RT  5 Creative Foursquare Campaigns 
 RT  O2 Dumps BlackBerry PlayBook Due To "Customer Experience Issues"  /via: 
  Blood sugar levels are always highest in the morning. Eat breakfast, wait 2 hours and test again.
  The PPC ads or the CPM ones?
 RT  Welcome back to all aboard the USS CARL VINSON and to all you wonderful sailors!
 RT  A lunar eclipse is now underway. If you're in N. America, you can't see it, but you can watch Google's live-stream: http:// ...
  I use Twitter to brand myself as an expert in SEO and social media for business
 RT  Pandora Puts The “P” In IPO — Our Talk With Them On The Big Day  via  
 Mobile Part of Weekend Shopping 06/15/2011 
 Welcome to the dot-anything age 
   I can't contact Nikki in Support since your system doesn't recognize me and refuses to let me login!!!
 Why Groupon Is Poised For Collapse  (a very important article for any merchant to read)
 Cyoot Kitteh of teh Day: Peek-a-Boo Champion  (my cuteness quota is filled)
  I cannot login, or even update my version of the program!!! HELP!!!
   you need to put in an avatar for your account.
   there is a LOT I am not happy about with FF 4.0.
   Thanks!!
 Where is the Refresh button on Firefox 4.0???
 RT  Speaking at the same  conf in Balt this week as  and  Most sarcastic line-up. Ever.
 Outrigger Canoe Adventures - San Diego  (I will be in outrigger tomorrow!)
   it is a study abroad program. She's been traveling since she was 3 months old!
   she just turned 20 last month
   I just did. Let's see how long it stays there. I do send her monthly notes and cards.
 RT  OH: "If you're going to have a war of the minds, you need to make sure the other person has one."
   definitely Hillcrest.
 I'm reading my kid's blog on her adventures in Nepal and becoming depressed. She hasn't talked to me in 3 years.
 For those of us asking, "Who is Cuppy?"- Where's Cuppy? 
   yes  and thanks. Am exploring now.
   yes, but some of us are not graphics saavy
 RT  10 Ways To Be More Likeable Online 
 RT  Magician Separates Lies & Truth With 3 iPods [VIDEO]   RT 
 My daughter is studying in Nepal and this is her blog. March to Kopan « Nepal 2011 
 RT  Let me just say that I truly hate Joomla as a CMS above all CMS's. :) It's such a pain.
 Chuao Chocolatier - Unusual, Unexpected & Delicious Chocolate 
 RT  10 Must-Follow Fake Twitter Celebs [PICS]   RT 
 RT  Amendment: 2 awesome black kitties, free to good home. DM.
  you are having problems with repeating tweets!!
   no, we are learning about SendOutCards
 RT  CafePress Files for $80M IPO:    Custom fashion and gifts site CafePress has just filed with the SEC for its ini... http:/ ...
 Learning about all the changes in SendOutCards with  and others at 
 RT  Awesome. Darth Vader goes to Disneyland...  /via:  
 RT  IBM Turns 100, Seeks New CEO 
 RT  Angie Schottmuller's [Case Study] How To * (QR codes Retail study)
 RT  Brian Wood is offering a free download of the entire 132-page artbook "Public Domain 2" 
   ion San marcos, check out 
   for coworking space, check out , VisionPulse is in Mira Mesa on the edge of Sorrento Valley.
  Fascinating peeps to follow         and 
      has all the makings of the Crazy Cat Lady  
 RT  10 Traits of Power Tweeps You Can Adopt ~  |   by  via 
   would like your opinion on a new theme for my website.  a magazine theme? I am looking at The Corporation theme by Elegant Themes
   it is a hoax, check out her other video
   it is obviously a hoax, her other video shows her as a siamese twin.
   How did Debbie ever get thru the MBA program????
 DOWNLOAD Go Google: Free Email & More On Your Domain  (from MakeUseOf)
 RT  Musicians: A 12-month plan on how to promote your new album.   
 RT  Free Ebook: Build Your LinkedIn Foundation:  (please retweet)
 RT  CLICS is closing for the final time today, June 10, 7pm. :(  
 RT  Ker-Ching! A Promoted Trend On Twitter Now Costs $120,000 A Day 
 
 LinkedIn Seen as Most Important SocNet 
   I would say it is harmful to the baby, especially if you roll on them, LOL
 How to Hire a Pay-Per-Click Manager; 10 Common Mistakes | Practical eCommerce 
 Are Likes Beating Links Now? - MarketingVOX 
 LawyerGator -  Law Firms Directory   (this is a neat website, and good directory)
   have you ever seen the Avenging Unicorn set from Archie McPhee? 
  in high school, our sci-fi club served soylent green cookies, and no one bought any!
 Having problems with reply function on Twitter main site. Is it just me?
 What’s Twitter’s Identity Now That It’s Apple’s Identity Provider? – AllThingsD 
 You Has mail  
 VIDEO: Civilized Kitteh Plays Chess  
 On the webinar,  is explaining EmpireAve and showing it. I think it is wayyyy too complex for me.
   um, I don't think he knows quite how to do that yet....I'll let you know if he has questions,
 RT  Ten Rude Twitter Habits to Break Today - 
  add me from California
  a content serf
 Come to "Aliza Sherman's Crowdsourcing Book Party " Wednesday, August 3 from 6:00 pm to 9:00 pm. Join Web pioneer... 
   No. Since I feel that G+ is a redo of FriendFeed, I still prefer Twitter.
   where on your page?
 RT  RT  10 amazing e-commerce infographics  via  
 Digital maps for historians 
  I think your Twitter account has been hacked!
