 Happy july 4th everyone! Enjoy your weekend!
 Have a good weekend everyone!
 What did they say?
 False
 Hope everyone has a safe fun weekend!
 N
 Happy Easter everyone!
  Good Luck! Hope you win! Will keep my fingers crossed!
 Yes
 the weekend is almost here, hope everyone has a great weekend. 
 Have a great weekend everyone
 Happy Valentine's Day Everyone!
 I entered the INSP:The Waltons DVD Sweepstakes for a chance to win The Waltons: Season Three DVD Box Set: 
 Hope everyone had a great day!
  where do I find my pin?
 Where do I find my pin?
  I want to bad
  I sure would give you one!
  hi, thanks for the add, you are very beautiful! And sexy
  I would love to lick that sweet shirt, bet it taste good
 I want to mr. Davey! It will be so sweet
  I will never judge you davey, I admire you and you are so sexy and beautiful!
 Tomorrow is Friday, hope everyone has a great weekend
  you are so right! I finally came out and it feels better. Thanks!
 I nominate  for a Shorty Award in  because... 
 Hope everyone has a good week
  not at all! I miss watching the Roloff family on tv, wonderful family
 Thank you! Looking forward to your tweets, Happy New Year!
 Happy New Year to all my Friends
 Merry christmas!
  Merry Christmas to the Roloffs!
 Merry Christmas to all my Friends! I feel rich to have you as my friends!
 ActuallyNPH:a great day in history! About time! Thank you!
  thanks for allowing me to follow you!
  Good Luck!
 :) hello!
 Hope everyone is having a great weekend!
 My Twitter value is $96.25, according to  ... What about yours? 
  is hot! Wish you could cum in my mouth! You are beautiful!
 Happy Thanksgiving to all my Friends, Hope you all have a great Thanksgiving!!
  happens to me every time! They always find i need  my oil flushed or new filter, it get's old. Thanks for the great text!
  you are one very beautiful and sexy man!
  thanks for allowing me to follow you!
 have a great weekend everyone and thanks for being my friend!
  I can't either davey!
 Hope everyone has a great weekend!
  I did Davey. I added him.
  don't be hard on yourself! You are very beautiful and sexy! Wish i was sexy as you are, i admire you. You have alot of fri ...
  that is wonderful!
  doing great! How are you?
  have a great weekend and a happy halloween!
 Happy Halloween everyone! :)
  so hot! Sexy!
 Hope everyone has a great weekend!
 GO RANGERS!!!
 I have been spamed, please don't click on the DM from me with a link, sorry about that
  hate damn spam. Thanks
  okay, I will thanks
  okay, will do. Thank you very much!
  I didn't send a DM. What can I do to get rid of the spam?
  hope you have a great weekend!
 two more days until the weekend
  i lick it up.:) :$
  but friends are there for you and will help when you need it, i will help, you are my friend :)
 Lol.alright! I would eat every drop, lol
  love your cum too, lol
  that is hot, you are hot as fuck :)
  true friends won't judge you, I don't. Good for you!
 Like
 hope everyone had a great day!!
  that's great! Wish I could get that lucky,but you very sexy and beautiful
  is very hot! Love your tweets! Good luck
  you are feeling better, if you need anything, all your friends are here for you!
 Hope everyone has a great weekend
 Happy Birthday! Hope you have a great Birthday and Have many more! God Bless You! You do a great job at KTRE!
  please take care of yourself! Hope you feel better soon
  good luck! Love your band! The best!
  hope you have a great time! Good luck
  lol. Sounds like some of the people I work with, they are the same way
  don't! I like that, better than being called a bad name
  are so beautiful!
  lol you are in love! :) glad you are happy! That is so great!
  I know, it does me too! Some people are just stupid
 y need to get a life!
  why do people have to judge? I hate that crap! All country's have their faults, including the USA! Don't it let it get yo ...
  happy for you! Good Luck to the both of you :)
  you will look sexy if you do! :)
  well, you deserve better! Don't worry, you will find someone a lot better, your true friends will always be here for you.
  I disagree! You are a very caring person and have a lot of friends who care for you!
  you are beautiful, but that doesn't give him a right to use your profile picture as his!
  should have never been voted in as president of the united states, makes us all look stupid
  I do too! He hasn't done anything for gay rights
  she will have my vote
 hope everyone had a good weekend! have a good week. :)
  so happy to follow you! Thanks
  I am so. Sorry to hear that! That is his loss! He lost the best boyfriend he will ever have! Your true friends will always ...
  Luck! You will be missed!
 Hello to all my friends
  is one lucky man! You are wonderful!
  happy for you! Good Luck
 hope everyone has a great week!
  I could have tasted it! Looks good and sweet!
 Wish I could have tasted it, look so good!
  I hope you feel better soon, all your friends are here for you!
 Hi! :)
 hope everyone has a great weekend!
 Hi, thanks for the add, the town I live in here in Texas, the tricks are no good. Maybe I should move! Lol.  Thanks
 f twitter!  David
 Please don't leave twitter! Those are stupid people! They have no life so they want to judge everyone! They need to get a life! They sho ...
 downloaded Berniesuperman's Videos  with  
 hope everyone is having a great weekend!!
  Happy Birthday! Hope you have many more!
  welcome to texas! It is an honor to have you in Texas
 it's friday! hope everyone has a great weekend
  Happy Birthday. hope you have many more!!
 That is a cool picture
 hope everyone is having a great day!
  I think I can sir
 Have a great weekend everyone, Happy Easter
  that is so hott!!
  you are one sexy and handsome man! Men should be fighting to see you. :)
  a great time!
  you are an Angel! I want to help! How can I donate to your chaity?
  to read your tweets! awesome!
 hope everyone has a good day!
 Damn dude, that is beautiful! You are hot!
 Very beautiful man!!
  you had a good time, well you are one sexy handsome nan!
 have a great weekend everyone!
 Thanks for the follow! Sexy man! A big wet kiss, :)
 Nice to meet you Jonathan! My name is David
 Jeremy_roloff: great! Thank you very much!
 Jeremy_roloff: when is it? I would love to take my wife and son the the game.
 Have a Great Weekend Everyone!
  the gradution, when you and Zac spoke. Very touching. We had to tape it so we can watch it again! Thank You!
  the best ever! I could watch that show all day!
  Birthday Jacob! Hope you have many more! They grow up fast! My son just had his 18th birthday
  that's great! That's why I love KTRE! Have a great weekend!
  no she shouldn't have to pay, it's not her fault, it's just another way for the Electric Company to make money.
 Shouldn't have to pay for it! Not her fault, another way for the electric company to make money
 Happy New Year!!
