  false.  My people were here first.  We just got hammered and couldn't figure out how to get back to the ... 
  whateva Yelawolf.  I knew your flow sounded familiar hahaha 
  white as in Beyonce white or white as in John Boehner white? 
  RT   my nigha said: I got eighty fos- pokin' aht, at the club ... 
 lessss go! RT  RT  See  live tonight at The Bitter End 147 Bleeker Street New ... 
  haha, well you'll be missed. We'll get some beers soon! 
  booooo!!!!! 
 Yayayayayayay RT   tonight!!!! 
  is like a zombie movie.  Lots of hype and action, but flash forward a week and its like the whole population has disappeared...
 Thank you terrential downpour for making that the least enjoyable walk to the subway everrrr.  At least I got my  for the train home!
 Less go! RT  RT  RT      ... 
 RT          ... 
 Every bar has some affinity for boxing, because drinkers and boxers both sit on stools, feel woozy and measure time in rounds 
 I got 99 problems...and the MTA is one 
   we're doing a special intimate acoustic set at  
  RT  PlayBeautifulNYC.com Suarez believes in Liverpool's title chances: After helping Uruguay ... 
 "The  are a party of no ideas, the  are a party of bad ideas" -  
   for sure!  You coming down saturday night? 
  I'm honored, I feel like I'm the next contestant on the price is right! 
   its basically a universal streaming version of itunes.  You should check it out! 
  shows up in  I'm definitely not mad at it, no clue how we're there though haha
 Very well put. RT  Why You Should Care That  Is Dead: 
 RT  Why Neil Patrick Harris is the coolest guy ever:  (Thank you,  
 It's no coincidence a door and a book open the same way.   
 Want. RT  One whole :) RT  RT  Photo: Two half lobster rolls from ... 
 Penny is snug as a bug... 
 Classyyyy  
  claimed another member.  RIP Amy Winehouse.  You're one of the truest talents of our time, and its a shame ... 
  haha yes we're "hunnying" it up tonight like you and your hunny.  We gotta bring you guys to Sushi Palace!
 How my girlfriend and I are spending our Friday night!    
  RT  Cracking a fire. hydrant to escape the heat in Harlem  via 
 RT          ... 
 Saw a fat white guy with a skinny black girl  
 Danke, danke! RT  Cant get this shit out of my head!  The Way I Like It! Check for the ... 
 A man's posture is his philosophy  
  RT  Just Posted: Jane's Addiction To Play 3D Concert For LG Thrill 4G In NYC  
 Just got off a conference call with Tim Armstrong, somewhere in a parallel universe 15 year old Nardo is sooo hatin on me!
 Anyone want to buy me a banjo?  I'll write and record a song for you w/ it  
 My diet officially consists of bodega iced coffee and $1 pizza...  
 Video: Ohhh, by the way…dig Mute Math - Odd Soul 
 Video: Ellie dig Goulding. 
 Video: Wish I was there…and dig. 
 This just made my day...1990s Nickelodeon Returns to the Airwaves  via  
  the apps going to take time.  Sites awesome though, could live without the ads though.  We getting bbq'd up next week?
 Lol RT  RT   Watching the Kardashians.  Banging the Kardashians.
 Shoelaces are awkward... 
 Every time drops from an airconditioner fall on my head I think its bird poop  
 Lol Bradley Cooper:  I'm really down man, my girlfriend broke up with me... Zack Galfianakas: why?  She saw Limitless?  
 Hey, its the guy from the end of  on  
  chuck norris doesn't need to be animated for  films 
 Ask  RT  Word is this weekend is going 2 B HOT in New York!! Tell us what do you ... 
 If you tag something  or  chance are I won't retweet you or follow you back...I know how it works. 
 Eddie Vedder's Ukelele Songs is a great monday morning album...still gotta get through the week, but this album ... 
 RT         ... 
 RT  Both teams playing a beautiful game with possession and attack as the focus. Its the way a final ... 
 RT  R2-D2 As A Graffiti Spray Painting Droid  by  
 Ehhh.  Ohhh.  Piscapo.  This guy!  
 This is one of the best soccer matches I've ever seen.  Not surprising considering how much fun this team has been ... 
 Yeahhh USA!!!!!  
 RT          ... 
  & Dos Caminos Wed,  last night and the Hamptons this weekend.  I'm tired already... 
  I can see that.  I think its more organized/user friendly than buzz was.  We shall see! 
  are you on it?  I'm starting to like it more than fb.  Also look into diaspora! 
 RT  I think it's time to vote on the the debt ceiling without strings attached. 
 First row for  if this were a concert we'd be set... 
 4 hours!!!!  
 I've been saying we should do this forever! Well played Incubus, well played!  
 I just got one of the first US Spotify accounts because I have Klout!    Find out if you're eligible:  
 I just got access to the Bre.ad beta! Check out the site! 
  thanks! That's nephew number 4, one more and my sis has a basketball squad haha 
 Such a shame. RT  RT  By selecting 450 ppm (not 350) as our climate target, "we've made an ... 
 My newest nephew Finn McGuigan!!  Already has the surfer mop, can't wait to get him in the water! 
 Still don't really get it yet lol. The  Cheat Sheet [PIC] 
 Win. RT  Hear and see some of Radiohead's Live In The Basement session:  
 Not sure if how stoked I am for Cowboys & Aliens is embarassing or something I'm proud of.  Either way I need ... 
  west hempstead. 
  I'll be in Connecticut all next weekend.  Maybe you can come chill w us at Dussel practice next week 
 Orange carrot juice...what the fuck was I thinking?  
  this coming? 
   I'll be in the Hamptons for a Bachelor Party Saturday, maybe next week?
 A man's life is all a matter of mountains and caves - mountains we climb, caves where we hide when we can't face our mountains 
 oSAMBA bin laden  
 That's what she said RT  I really tried to liquor these guys up and get em to loosen up. Unsuccessfully, I have to say..
   word, we can try to make that happen! 
  haha we'll figure it out she can get chicken teriyaki or some other  
  gotta go to a show for work.  Why you got big bday plans!? 
 Wow. RT  RT  I wanna be the first person I know to bang someone I meet on google +. 
  haha been going there since I was like 6.  Let me know when you're free for dinner, we'll go! 
  haha, and I'm taking advantage right now!  Sushi and  w/ Meg! 
 Sushi Palace in West Hempstead, best sushi on Long Island, learn about it!   
 If Chaminade had a Hagrid I probably wouldn't have hated high school so much...  
 Video: dig. 
 Yuss!!!   
 Gone fishin... 
 Who's this new Jeter character everyone keeps tallkin about?  Bet its just another all hype shortstop like Rey Ordonez...
 Lol Tommy Raildrinks still slayin em! RT  Rooftop gig cancelled even tho I was gonna make it rain anyways . 
 Bullethole stickers might be the single dumbest thing ever.  Its the equivalent of putting a tribal band tattoo on your car...
 RT  cool down w/ a cold kalik  in the bahamas 
 I just realized my bodega is 666 6th Ave clearly getting the deviled eggs next time... 
 You don't have to be smart to laugh at farts...but you have to be stupid not too.    
   We started working on a  banger last night that  wrote! Recording Friday night too! Get stoked!
 RT  Met with  So inspired and excited to collaborate. Mesha put together this video:  Love it!
  Trying to find the vid of you on MTV, where can I check that out?
 RT  Epic music from us Dussel Has Friends   The Way I Like It   
 RT  RT  'RapFix Live' With Beanie Sigel &  STARTS NOW!  
 Let's go!! RT  It's game day in Wolfsburg:  v. Sweden at 2:30 p.m. ET on ESPN and Galavision. First ... 
  RT  Captain America is totally made up, right? There's no way that actually happened. Right? 
 Happy  day!!! 
 RT  RT  Lady Gaga Kidnaps Commissioner Gordon   
  thanks Dani! 
  <333 thanks love! 
   love you. bree!! 
  we loooove youuuu! 
  Watch the Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 Premiere Live on YouTube 
  the Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 Premiere Live on YouTube 
 RT  share yr fav summertime antics w/ me like this kaws sculpture dominating the meatpacking district ... 
 Bushmills...in a parking lot...in Lake George...waiting for my friends to scoop me on the boat.  
 Doing the same! RT  im just gonna start drinking...fuxk it 
  mixtape was hot my dude, put it out there and start the takeover!  We'll get on a track soon! 
 RT  Hooray for New York! It's about time! RT  NYT NEWS ALERT: Gay Marriage Approved by New York Senate
 RT          ... 
  gobblin rebounds? 
 Ba' Tampte Pickles > 
  btw you were missed at Ricky's bday show!
   haha I haven't had it in over a mnth.  I was watching the History Ch Marijuana doc though and thought the tweet was funny.
 Facebook Analytics on Steroids, SM & Small Bus peeps get this!  U should signup for the private beta  
 What a dickbag - Here's What Utah Gunman Jason Valdez Posted to Facebook During Standoff 
 RT  LOL! ;-) RT  Seriously  - how did you miss buying ad spots during tonight's ... 
 RT    lives his life according to  (What Would Don Draper Do) 
  yup, gonna give a listen when I get home from work!
 This just made my day! UPDATE: Jon Hamm Locks Into  For 3 More Years With Fat 8-Figure Deal  via 
 Video: Going camping this weekend. This is happening… 
 Fellas remember "Be careful of the gap"  
  rjnardo
 Video: New  song…Thom’s looking quite dapper if I do say so myself! 
 RT  Watch/listen to a new Radiohead song, "Staircase" 
  Movie Discovery Engine Uses Music to Find Flicks You Might Like [INVITES]  via  
  should worry more about the fact he can't run a proper route to save his live and less about gay marriage 
 Photo: hahaha denied! 
 RT  "Meet Your Ghost" stream is up! RT  Band Crush:  break out with a new album, and we have it her ...
 RT  You're married to  
 About to start  by   The doodles on the inside cover already make it top 5 books of all time. 
 Yeahhh congrats B! RT  My brother  got his first radio spins today!!! Congrats to the homey 
  that's what she said... 
  btw happy father's day my dude! 
 Hahaaa ya'll are fucked! RT  Me and  own 20 cookaroos... 21 cookaroos... Y'all don't own 1!!! 
  RT  Remember when emcees use to freestyle?  Now only drunk white guys at house parties ... 
 Hate pointless self pity tweets but  right now...for serious 
 Video: Love Love Love Love. 
 Video: Can it be July 15th now? Pa pa pa please!!! 
 Back to the  best thing going 
 Can I borrow that tweet? RT  i said no simba, jeez.. .  
 Quote   "I'm "alt-ino" or alternative latino, being white is a birth defect."  Clearly not from Long Island...
 This is amazing, I'm going.  NYC can use more of this! High Hopes Turn Man-Made Structure Into Green City Retreat 
 On my way to the  social media seminar! 
 Photo: Pokemon’d up from the head to the toes… 
 RT  my albums first single dropped today! grrrab it here   ♨
 RT  Morning everybody! Just a reminder our new album "Meet Your Ghost" drops two weeks from today!
 RT  We posted our European tour dates! --> 
 RT  DHF rock the set fellas sorry imma miss it but be Legendary!!!    Let's get it!!
 Lesss go! RT  Come party with four5six Productions Dussel Has Friends and of course the birthday boy ... 
 Just saw two hispanic gentleman get pulled over in Garden City for going 40 in a 30... 
 RT         ... 
 RT  my single is finally dropping in USA this TUES! 
 Photo: Looking for some new tunes for the weekend? This mixtape by  + Beers + Grill it’s a... 
 Video: Greatest video of all time. I’m not even going to say anything else… 
 Video: Love this kid, I want this track. This band can roll out too, I’m into it. 
 The fact that Sony gave Kreayshawn a million dollars might have been the final straw, I've completely lost faith in the music industry.
 It's friggin hot in NYC today. Ha! Just beat 90% of you to your next tweet! 
 RT  RT  yo girl w/ terminal cancer wants to raise awareness 4 bone marrow donations ... 
 If you sit in a 3 seater on the LIRR and someone takes one of the other seats don't look pissed... 
    haha sadly I have no clue who either if them are, I guess I'm a [] 
    oh man if you pulled that off for Rickstar you'd probably oust me as his BFF...
 RT  " Just downloaded  new mix tape" and it features a brand new Hot As Sun reeeeemiiiiiixxxxx
  haha, I'll be registering tomorrow AM.  Its just been crazy at work! 
 [Mixtape]  :: Get It LIVE!   
  HANDS-ON: iTunes in the Cloud [PICS]  via  
 RT  Download "The Ghost Mixtape" for free from livemixtapes.com! --> 
  no worries, looking forward to it! 
 RT  Make sure to register in advance for our June 15th event in   Media Seminar! Please RT!  
  haha are you calling me a hipster??? 
  siiiick, wish I was with you dude! 
  haha I wish, are you going!? 
  lol I'm gonna start doing  just for you! 
 What a beautiful day to sit in the backyard with a beer and an acoustic guitar trying to capture it... 
 Who wants to be my partner? RT  How To Quit Your Job At 27, Drink All Day, And Still Make Lots Of Money 
 RT         ... 
 RT          ... 
 Solanum does not create life - it alters it  
  what up what up!  Still waitin for my first Limericks night haha 
 RT  Hey lottery players, if u want to throw ur hard earned money down the toilet, that's cool with me, just let me buy  ...
 RT  A Venn Diagram exploring the similarities between Hipsters, Drunks, and Indiana Jones. 
           
            
 "The head of the IMF trying to literally f*ck an african its like a live action metaphor"  hahahaha 
  haha dude needs to jump back on the drumline cus his stand-up game is straight up Toni Kukoc! 
 Nick Cannon's Stand up makes me wish the rapture really happened before I could have seen this... 
 RT  Have you checked out the special promotion we have going w/  There's a pretty sweet prize for the top do ...
 Just took part in the   campaign. These remixes are ridiculous! bit.ly/ipsbundle
 Video: This is well worth it. For $2 minimum donation you can get innerpartysystem’s latest EP Never Be... 
