 Save the date: Cotton Belt public meeting is Aug. 8: It was a major issue in the District 12 city council electi... 
 Restaurant talk: Coffee House Cafe: Coffee House Cafe may be the Oddfellows of Far North Dallas. Does that mean ... 
  Tweeting it up  
  Very much enjoyed the crack on a plate 
 Amazing orange juice with nothing in it but orange juice-a novel idea  
 Productivity killer: 5 reasons Facebook needs a ‘dislike’ button: So you see a not-so-fun Facebook status update... 
 TEA ratings drop for some RISD schools: The Texas Education Agency released its ratings today after the state ra... 
 Dallas Police offer training for Volunteers in Patrol: Dallas Police will be training community crime-fighters a... 
 Donate school supplies to Foster Kids Charity: Foster Kids Charity is calling for donations of school supplies f... 
 This weekend: Taste Dance, free crafts and Texas Reelers: The Dance Council of North Texas presents Taste Dance ... 
 Illegal for parents to board a school bus?: As moms prepare to flip the calendar to August and get the kids back... 
 Slurpees now available at Cinemark Theatres: Here’s a fun tidbit for you moviegoers. Plano-based Cinemark has te... 
 Car wash benefit Saturday for police officer in need: You may have heard the news about Dallas police officer An... 
 H&M to open Aug. 18 at NorthPark Center: Ok, it’s not exactly in Far North Dallas, but this coveted fashion stor... 
 Digital edition: August 2011: 
 Save the date: LBJ public meeting is Aug. 16: The LBJ Freeway reconstruction project that began at Luna Road has... 
 Mayborn Literary Nonfiction Writers Conference showcases national, local talent: The editor of Texas Monthly dub... 
 Restaurant talk: Late-night eats: Our August issue is hitting stands and doorknobs now. In it, we highlight some... 
  So many great things happening there!  
 Productivity killer: The Kaleidoskop: It’s been a long week, hasn’t it?
 Date Night Giveaway! Win 2 tickets to the Dallas Arboretum! (Guess a number (1-1000) here: )
 Q&A: ‘Marriage Ref’ contestants Jim & Jiab Wasserman: They ended up winning the grand prize — $25,000 and a bill... 
 The Quarter: “We have people from Louisiana come in and say, ‘Oh my gosh, I’m at home.’ It’s the real deal.” 
 Curfew crackdown begins this weekend: Dallas Police will be out in numbers this weekend and for the rest of the ... 
 Primrose School of Prestonwood coming in Spring 2012: A new early childhood education center is coming to Far No... 
 This weekend: ‘Little Shop of Horrors’, world music and art: Catch a show. WaterTower Theatre presents the class... 
 Weekly News Summary | Far North Dallas | Advocatemag.com 
 Burglar caught on tape in Valley View: This surveillance video caught a would-be burglar checking for unlocked c... 
 It’s official: Valley View Center will be demolished: The Dallas Business Journal reported last week that a grou... 
 Crime alert: Criminals targeting unlocked doors: Ask any neighborhood police officer, and they’ll tell you that ... 
 Wine review: Vinho verde: Vinho verde, the Portuguese white wine, is almost, in the right light, green. It’s oft... 
 Blue Goose Cantina offers quesadillas for charity: Blue Goose Cantina, which has a location at Midway and Belt L... 
 RT  TMRW is Twitter Tuesday! Between 3-9 pm 2 tacos and a fountain drink $5.99
 Leadership DISD to plug community members into school system: A new nonprofit is offering a two-semester long co... 
 Richardson Rotary Club offers reward for finding flag vandals: This isn’t exactly in Far North Dallas, but if yo... 
 RT  Brace yourselves   is making his way to  this Thurs-Sun! Get tix at Improv.com or call 972.40 ...
 RT  If a sentence starts with a proper noun like iPod, capitalize the I.  
 RHS summer volleyball camp starts July 25: It’s not too late to register for Richardson High School’s Eagle Voll... 
 Reservations open for KRLD Restaurant Week: The 2011 KRLD Restaurant Week is set for Aug. 15-21, and reservation... 
 Restaurant talk: Banatu Ethiopian Restaurant: It’s tucked away in the Promenade Shopping Center, and every windo... 
 Budget cuts are a matter of life and death: Those of you who think city government is a useless waste of time sh... 
 Could Valley View become the next Uptown or Arts District? 
 Valley View redevelopment plan has larger impact: The Dallas Business Journal reports that property owners aroun... 
 Productivity killer: Harry Potter madness: The legendary wizard saga that is Harry Potter has reached its end. D... 
 RHS wiz kid earns Texas Tech math award: Richardson High School sophomore Thabit Pulak and his team won the rese... 
 Former mayor Steve Bartlett: now the $2 million man: For those of you “whatever happened to” story fans, here’s ... 
 Keep your kids safe at the pool this summer: Swimming pools are difficult to avoid this time of year, especially... 
 Facebooking at city hall could be tough to regulate: Most of the Advocate editorial staff has worked social medi... 
 This weekend: Glass art, NSC happy hour and A Different Breed concert: Kittrell Riffkind glass art gallery prese... 
 Weekly News Summary | Far North Dallas | Advocatemag.com 
 Juice in the City expands to Far North Dallas: As if we don’t have enough daily deal providers to choose from th... 
 Wine review: Picada 15 2010: This wine is why I get such a kick writing about wine.
 More apartments planned for Noel and Spring Valley: An Ohio-based apartment developer is planning an expansion t... 
 Girl Scouts honor Gold Awardees: The Girl Scouts of Northeast Texas recently recognized its prestigious Gold Awa... 
 Restaurant talk: Yoshinoya: Our Live Local writer Meghan Riney told you about the Tokyo-based Yoshinoya, which j... 
 You know that streak of 100-degree days?: It’s going to get longer, and we’ll probably be in top 10 territory by... 
 Productivity killer: How well can you text and drive?: No, I’m not asking how good you are at breaking the law a... 
 Date Night Giveaway! Win 2 tickets to the Dallas Arboretum! (Guess a number (1-1000) here: )
 Grocery self-checkout lines on the way out?: If you are a fan of handling your own grocery item checkout, your l... 
 Yoshinoya now open at Preston and Beltline: As we mentioned in last month’s Live Local column, Tokyo-based fast ... 
 This weekend: Gallery opening, stand-up comedy and live music: The Artists’ Showplace Gallery hosts an opening r... 
 Weekly News Summary | Far North Dallas | Advocatemag.com 
 Coffeehouse Cafe to open at Preston and Frankford: A new breakfast and brunch spot, Coffeehouse Cafe, is coming ... 
 Cosmos for the Cure Thursday at BlackFinn: If you’re looking to have some cocktails while supporting a great cau... 
 Restaurant talk: Tin Star’s new menu: Tin Star has recently put together a new, healthier menu with the help of ... 
 We’ve had 10 100-degree days: If it seems like it has been unseasonably warm so far this year, that’s because it... 
 Cat mutilations not the work of humans, police say: Several days ago, at least two Far North Dallas residents – ... 
 Digital edition: July 2011: 
 We’ve had a few website problems this week: Earlier this week, the whole Advocatemag.com operation switched web ... 
 Oak Cliff Weekly News Summary (*corrected version) | Advocate... 
 Downing Hill Garden Studio is having a Margarita 101 tonight  7:00 pm. Learn to make the perfect margarita, sangria, and more!
 This weekend: Dolls, water party and improv: For a list of Fourth of July events, check out our previous post. H... 
 Weekly News Summary | Far North Dallas | Advocatemag.com 
 Fourth of July in Far North Dallas: Looking for ways to celebrate Independence Day this weekend? Here are some o... 
 Shopping cart cleanup begins this week: This week, plans to round up abandoned shopping carts, part of a citywid... 
 Downing Hill Garden Studio is having a Margarita 101 on June 30th  7:00 pm. Learn to make the perfect margarita, sangria, and more!
 Shopping-cart clean up underway around Dallas: This week, plans to round up abandoned shopping carts, part of a ... 
 Far North Dallas couple appears on ‘The Marriage Ref’: Sunday night’s episode of the NBC show “The Marriage Ref”... 
 Restaurant talk: Vitality House: One of the newest additions to the Far North Dallas restaurant scene is Vitalit... 
 Productivity killer: The heavenly Google workplace: Talk about company perks. Google treats its employees like r... 
 Girls Scouts receive $75,000 grant from Meadows Foundation: The Girl Scouts of Northeast Texas, which is headqua... 
 Keep your kids safe at the pool this summer: Swimming pools are difficult to avoid this time of year, especially... 
 Biz kids: Meet the neighborhood’s most enterprising youths. 
 Entrepreneurship means doing, not talking: Dreaming about building a business isn’t all that fulfilling; sooner ... 
 Read this week's neighborhood news summary, view weekend events, and enter the weekly news giveaway! 
 Ellen Terry Realtors celebrates 30th anniversary: This year, Ellen Terry Realtors celebrates 30 years in the rea... 
 This weekend: Theater, puppet show and music: It’s your last weekend to catch WaterTower Theatre’s production of... 
 Weekly News Summary | Far North Dallas | Advocatemag.com 
 Volunteer at the Mum Store: School is out for the summer, but that doesn’t mean you can’t still volunteer and me... 
 Wine review: House White 2008: I read one of those expert prognostications last week, reassuring the wine busine... 
 Eat for just $1.79 at Norma’s Cafe today: The comfort food institution Norma’s Cafe is celebrating its 55th anni... 
 In-and-Out to open in late July, early August; 2 more locations to come nearby: Construction on the In-and-Out B... 
 4 ways to stay cool in the neighborhood: Summer hasn’t even officially begun yet, and temperatures are already t... 
 Let the Advocate email the news to you: 
 Greyson wins District 12 council seat: Despite a close election May 14, Sandy Greyson kept a commanding lead ove... 
 Rawlings wins; what’s next?: There was an I Like Mike sign in front of a KFC-Long John Silver’s fast food restau... 
 Bruce Bradford named interim NDCC president: The North Dallas Chamber of Commerce board of directors has appoint... 
 Productivity killer: Most endangered historic sites: This week, National  Trust for Historic Preservation releas... 
 Get out and vote this Saturday: There’s still an election going on – two of them, actually. And while early voti... 
 Crime alert: Home burglaries up 7 percent: In contrast to the reductions seen over the past few years, residenti... 
 Father’s Day dining in Far North Dallas: Father’s Day is approaching quickly (it’s this Sunday, in case you forg... 
 Now open: Vitality House: The family-owned health food restaurant Vitality House is now open.
 This weekend: Theater, comedy and kids’ fashion show: “Guys & Dolls” opens Friday at the Promenade Theatre. (Cou... 
 Advocatemag.com Weekly News Summary | Far North Dallas 
 Construction to start on “Urban Living Laboratory” in November: A mixed-used development at Coit and Frankford w... 
 Wine review: Evodia 2009: A reader suggested that I try this Spanish red, so I bought it and brought it home. It... 
 ‘Love my Park’ video contest: What’s your favorite park? Think before you answer, because Dallas has more than 2... 
 Sunnyland Furniture nominated for award: A big congrats to Sunnyland Furniture, which has been nominated as a fi... 
 Rawlings tops $2.2 million in fund-raising; Kunkle at $242,000: As the mayoral race enters its final few days, t... 
 LBJ Express entering Phase 2; HOV lane closures will extend to Hillcrest: The LBJ Express construction will star... 
 More details on NDCC president’s condition: We reported Monday morning that North Dallas Chamber of Commerce pre... 
 Update: Mavs victory parade set for Thursday, Mark Cuban will pay: The Mavericks parade will happen on Thursday ... 
 Woody B’s BBQ video: © Christy Robinson for Advocate Magazine, 2011. |
 Restaurant talk: Q de Cheval: It has a weird name that’s kind of hard to say. It’s inside a five-star Addison ho... 
 NDCC president Steve Taylor in critical condition after car accident: Steve Taylor, long-time president of the N... 
 Later school start times for teens? We’re there: After reviewing an article by the National Sleep Foundation bas... 
 Budget update: Cops, street repairs, rec centers look to be gone: Enjoy the Mavericks, because the budget news i... 
 Mavericks victory parade: the time is now …:  
 Advocate podcast: Sandy Greyson, Donna Starnes square off in first debate: In their first public debate Thursday... 
 Productivity killer: The Ultimate Mavs Fan: When you go to a game you’ll see them right away because they’re alw... 
 Early voting locations you can go to for the Joint Runoff Election for Mayor today - 14th:  or as a map 
 Coming soon: Flippin’ Out Crepes & Coffee: Far North Dallas resident Carl Peterson, whose father created Blue Go... 
 Tell us how you’re going to celebrate July 4th weekend: Can you believe Fourth of July is just around the corner... 
 Calatrava bridge progress: Is the bridge really that cool?: This is not a complaint about the soon-to-be world f... 
 DMN admits being misled by Leppert over Tollroad: It’s a rare admission of error on the DMN‘s part: “This newspa... 
 This weekend: Glass art, Valley House exhibit and family concert: Kittrell/Riffkind Art Glass studio at Belt Lin... 
 Advocatemag.com Weekly News Summary | Far North Dallas 
 Is Rawlings a giant, or is our set just really small?: If you really want to get to know the mayoral candidates,... 
 District 12 candidate forum is Thursday, June 9:  
 Wine review: Pasa A Paso 2009: I needed two wines to go with paella that I was making (and which didn’t turn out... 
 Summer scams at your door: Summertime is prime time for door-to-door scams. Since becoming a   homeowner, I’ve s... 
 Townhouse Restaurant to fill former SushiSamba space at Galleria Dallas:  Galleria Dallas has announced that Tow... 
 New ranking puts RISD high schools in top 5%: The Washington Post has released a new list of America’s best high... 
 Rawlings vs. Kunkle: Watch the videos here: One of the most difficult aspects of any political campaign these da... 
 Advocate video: District 12 candidate Sandy Greyson, continued: 
 Council to approve Dallas Bike Plan Wednesday: City Council on Wednesday is expected to approve the Dallas Bike ... 
 Advocate video: Rawlings, Kunkle answer questions from readers: 
 Early voting for Dallas Mayor starts today! Check out the Advocate's Video Debate with the candidates before you vote: 
 Advocate video: District 12 candidate Sandy Greyson: 
 Hell freezes over: Morning News says Trinity debate wasn’t kosher: Yes, I almost fell down at Kroger when I saw ... 
 Trinity Tollroad: It looks like Leppert misled us by omission: Give the Dallas Morning News a little credit here... 
 Another fatal shooting — this time, a stand-off on Maham Road: Early Sunday morning, a shooting spurred a three-... 
 Advocate video: Rawlings, Kunkle continue city budget debate: 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidates debate the city budget — by the numbers: 
 Fatal shooting at Preston Valley Apartments: According to this report from the Dallas Morning News, a 28-year-ol... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidates debate city funding for neighborhood renewal: 
 Our June issue: Stories, video and a really tasty QR code: We sure got hungry putting together our June issue, w... 
 Addison’s Songwriter Saturdays begins June 4: The City of Addison is starting its summer event series with Songw... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidates debate the payoff of expensive city projects: 
 CANCELED - Ride the Rock Trail Ride, June 4 - Due to a equine virus that is spreading across the country, the Trail Ride has been canceled.
 RHS teacher to attend Siemens STEM Institute: George Hademenos of Richardson High School has been selected as on... 
 This weekend: Comedy, art exhibit and music: Comedian Richard Lewis of “Curb Your Enthusiasm” performs at the Ad... 
 Advocatemag.com Weekly News Summary | Far North Dallas 
 Leah Prager’s backyard carnival is June 5: In January, I wrote about neighborhood kid philanthropist Leah Prager... 
 Pearce alum plans Jam For Jackson: Drew Cotten was still in elementary school when his 10-year-old cousin, Jacks... 
 635 is most dangerous road for teen drivers: Monday marked the beginning of an anticipated influx of accidents i... 
 Bizarre Memorial Day accident in Far North Dallas: According to a report from the Dallas Morning News, a man die... 
 Productivity killer: Save the Words: Ninety percent of everything we write uses only 7,000 words, and each  year... 
 Sunstone offers free Memorial Day yoga classes: Sunstone Yoga will offer a free day of yoga this Memorial Day at... 
 Spring Creek to host 16th annual Memorial Day parade: The Spring Creek subdivision will hold its 16th annual Mem... 
 Digital edition: May 2011: Click here to read the May 2011 digital edition of the Far North Dallas Advocate.
 Mayor candidate questions: Have any?: Next week, the two mayoral runoff candidates — David Kunkle and Mike Rawli... 
 Council OKs 100 digital billboards over next 3 years: Despite objections by the North Dallas Neighborhood Allian... 
 This weekend: Theater, concert on the lawn and Memorial Day buffet: 
 There is no money — why won’t anyone at City Hall listen?: I’ve been writing about this since 2008. Outside expe... 
 Advocatemag.com Weekly News Summary | Far North Dallas 
 Scooter’s Coffeehouse coming to Dallas: The Omaha-based coffeehouse chain, Scooter’s Coffeehouse, has announced ... 
 Support REAL School Gardens at Blue Mesa Grill: Blue Mesa Grill has partnered with REAL School Gardens, an organ... 
 Oakley endorses Rawlings; does anyone care?: A better headline: Ed Oakley, a guy no one has ever heard of, endor... 
 Wine review: Toad Hollow Pinot Noir Rose 2010: The first time I tasted the Toad Hollow, in those long ago days o... 
 Congratulations to Rhonda Dugger (330) for guessing closest to the winning number 318! She found an easy way for her and a friend to...
 Advocate video: Culinary magnet students show kids how to prepare healthy snacks: 
 Don't miss  Barefoot at the Belmont with the Trishas & Deadman next Thursday! Get your tickets now: 
 Win 2 tickets to Hard Nights Day! Guess a number 1-1000 here: 
 Northwood Hills resident volunteers with relief effort in Joplin, his childhood home: We’ve all heard the news r... 
 Pearce women’s group, HGTV star redesign RISD Academy teacher’s lounge: If you haven’t seen it yet, check out la... 
 Don't miss  Barefoot at the Belmont with the Trishas & Deadman next Thursday! Get your tickets now: 
 Restaurant talk: Pho Que Huong: I know we’ve been talking about Pho recently, but there’s another restaurant tha... 
 Click here:  & guess 1-1000 to win 1 ticket to Kraig Parker's performance at the Dallas Arboretum on May 24th!
 Pearce Theater to perform ‘Zombie Prom’ May 24-28: Get ready for the last production of the school year from the... 
 The Trinity tollway: A matter of national security: One of the first rules of this business is professionalism. ... 
 Read this week's neighborhood news summary, view weekend events, and enter the weekly news giveaway! 
 Cottonwood Trail is now complete: Another segment of the Cottonwood Trail has been finished – from just north of... 
 Date Night Giveaway! Win 2 VIP tickets to the Taste of Addison! (Guess a number (1-1000) here: )
 Ethics reform and the mayor’s race: The question is not whether ethics reform, which former police chief David K... 
 This weekend: Wildflower Festival, Taste Addison and May Madness: The Wildflower Art and Music Festival opens at... 
 Budget cuts will mean fewer cops: Here’s something for the two remaining mayoral candidates to ponder: The lates... 
 Wine review: Domaine du Tariquet Classic 2009: The good news: This is still great cheap wine, and a member of th... 
 ‘Undercover Boss’ winner Igor Finkler – 1 year later: In October 2009, the sweet-spirited Kazakhstan immigrant I... 
 Repertory Company Theatre loses 2 grants, calls for community donations: (Courtesy photo)
 Ron Natinsky’s third-place finish: When the mayoral election campaign started this spring, Far North Dallas coun... 
 Dallas mayor election: Cost per vote so far: Mike Rawlings, the candidate with the most votes in Saturday’s mayo... 
 New Indian restaurant to open near Galleria in July: Village on the Green, a mixed-use development located on th... 
 Westwood Junior High receives $5,000 grant for landscaping updates: The landscaping in front of Westwood Junior ... 
 Restaurant talk: Taste Addison is May 20-22: If you’ve driven down Belt Line past the Dallas North Tollway recen... 
 Advocate video: Spring Butterfly Release: 
 Did voters tell City Hall “We’ve had enough?”: The temptation, in looking at yesterday’s council election result... 
 Productivity killer: It’s Friday the 13th: So far, it’s been a pretty ordinary day. But it’s only 2 p.m. on  Fri... 
 Date Night Giveaway! Win 2 tickets to Dallas Children’s Theater's ‘Giggle, Giggle, Quack’ (Guess a number (1-1000) here: )
 Fitness Factor Boot Camp on the Preston Ridge Trail: If you’re looking for a way to get in shape outside the gym... 
 Eat at Sonny Bryan’s tonight, support Brentfield Elementary: Brentfield Elementary‘s two Destination Imagination... 
 This weekend: Safety Fair, children’s show and Richardson Community Band: Check out all the fun characters at th... 
 Check out this week's Far North Dallas Advocate newsletter! 
 WFAA report questions mayoral candidate Mike Rawlings’ actions on Katy Trail initiative: Channel 8′s Brett Shipp... 
 Wine review: Hayman & Hill Cabernet Sauvignon 2007: During the Australian wine boom last decade, one of the big ... 
 Ever had a wacky summer job?: Have you ever had a wacky, messy, scary, exciting or embarrassing summer job? Have... 
 Performance Bicycle to open at Valley View Market: Performance Bicycle has announced plans to open a retail loca... 
 Longtime educator retires from RISD: Richardson ISD’s Jim Morrison will retire this month following 32 years as ... 
 Update: Zarandez to open at Addison Walk: We told you that Addison Walk is currently preparing for the arrival o... 
 Kathy’s Choice catering coming to Spring Creek Village: While new tenant announcements may still be on the horiz... 
 See where Dallas cops are fighting crime — right now: Here’s an interesting little tidbit offered for free (as o... 
 Advocate video: Cottonwood Art Festival: 
 Restaurant talk: Pho Colonial: Pho Colonial recently opened a location at Frankford and the Dallas North Tollway... 
 Trader Joe’s and Dallas: Robert Wilonsky at the Observer has been suffering greatly in the last week from someth... 
 All the neighborhood news. Advocatemag.com Newsletter | Far North Dallas  
 Productivity killer: Mother’s Day factoids: Yes, we all know that this Sunday is the day when we all honor our m... 
 The real issue in the mayoral race: The city is broke. Broke, as in busted. As in no money. As in tapped out. So... 
 Desperado director named to lead Highland Park drill team: Shannon Harty Carlton, director of Richardson High Sc... 
 This weekend: Gallery opening, Cottonwood Art Festival and orchestra concert: The Artists Showplace will  host i... 
 The Advocate is once again a proud sponsor of the Swiss Ave Mother's Day Home Tour. Get your tickets now & save $5! 
 Galleria to host free Baby Boot Camp for Mother’s Day: Moms, if you’re looking for a way to treat yourself for M... 
 Wine review: Casteller Brut Rose NV: The two most unappreciated wines in the wine world are rose and sparkling w... 
 Cancel sales tax holiday? State lawmakers say ‘maybe’: Every August for the past 12 years, Texans have flooded s... 
 JJ Pearce debuts ‘Crimes of the Heart’ May 5: The JJ Pearce High School theater department will perform its seco... 
 Valley View mall — prime redevelopment space?: The Observer reports that City Hall may be taking a closer look a... 
 Frankford Church receives Preservation Achievement Award: 
 Spring Valley Elementary students learn to cook healthy: Spring Valley Elementary School and Whole Foods teamed ... 
 Advocate video: Texas Reelers Square & Round Dance Club: Estates West held its neighborhood Bluebonnet Festival ... 
 Restaurant talk: Judy’s Burgers and Shake: About a month ago, we told you about the sudden change in ownership a... 
 This weekend: Art show, theater and stand-up comedy: 
 Score a free ticket to Taste Addison at the Quarter Bar & Grill: 
 Advocate video: Computers for the Blind: In our May issue, we profiled Computers for the Blind, a neighborhood n... 
 Wine review: Villa Maria Sauvignon Blanc 2010: • The one thing I didn’t like about the Villa Maria ($13, sample,... 
 Pho Colonial Vietnamese diner open: Restaurateur Khanh Dao (of Steel, Voltaire and Draelion fame) has opened an ... 
 Bowie Elementary spring auction is April 30: Bowie Elementary PTA hosts its annual spring auction and casino nig... 
 Northwood Hills Elementary re-launches televised announcements: KFLY is back at Northwood Hills Elementary. The ... 
 2011-12 Eaglette officers announced: The Richardson High School Eaglettes have a new line-up of dance and social... 
 Surprising results of RISD budget survey: Results are in from the Richardson ISD budget survey, and a few answer... 
 Camera captures dramatic motorcycle crash on the Tollway: The Dallas Morning News posted this surveillance video... 
 JJ Pearce teacher touched Prince William: With all the buzz about the Royal Wedding coming up this week, Advocat... 
 Restaurant talk: Mexico City the Gourmet Taco: Tucked away in a shopping center near Hillcrest and Arapaho, Mexi... 
 Neighborhood volunteer helps seniors go green: Sometimes, it’s the simple things that make a difference. And tha... 
 Productivity killer: NatGeo photography: National Geographic has posted the winners of its 2010 Photography Cont... 
 High school seniors push through tough times: These students didn’t let life’s blows keep them down. 
 High school alums return to their schools — as faculty: Read about what motivated these former students to reent... 
 Neighborhood recycling drive this weekend: If you’re looking to get into the spirit of Earth Day, stop by the II... 
 Suffering from eco-bag guilt: Tomorrow is Earth Day, and to some degree or another, all of us are trying to do o... 
 Free yoga classes at Galleria Dallas’ Lululemon: Come one, come all! Every Tuesday from 6–7 p.m., Lululemon Athl... 
 This weekend: Art exhibit, puppet show and theater: It’s your last chance to check out the latest exhibit at Val... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidate Mike Rawlings on city government as a business: As most voters know by... 
 HGTV star Vern Yip to visit I.O. Metro in May: Save the date: On Thursday, May 19, Vern Yip, star of HGTV’s “Des... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidate Mike Rawlings on public education: As Election Day approaches, we cont... 
 Wine review: Cline Cellars Zinfandel 2009: Regular visitors here know that I’m quite skeptical about what I call... 
 Renovations on Fretz Park Recreation Center to begin in May: The Fretz Park Recreation Center, which temporarily... 
 Photos: Northwood Hills Elementary Spring Auction: On Saturday night, parents, volunteers and community members ... 
 LBJ Express lane closures scheduled, open house April 21: You’ve probably noticed orange cones scattered around ... 
 Restaurant talk: Easter brunch: Easter Sunday is next week, so here’s a round-up of special April 24 brunch menu... 
 Productivity killer: Cute Roulette: There’s a new video-sharing system on the web, and it’s not dirty!
 Date Night Giveaway! Win 2 tickets to the White Rock Home Tour. (Guess a number (1-1000) here: )
 Mayoral candidates address Vickery Place homeowners: The “traveling circus” (as David Kunkle describes it) enter... 
 Support DFW Pug Rescue Club at Dirty Dawgs: Here’s an opportunity to help out those adorable, snorting, scrunchy... 
 This weekend: Pacesetters, VM Bandstand and ‘To Kill A Mockingbird’: The JJ Pearce Pacesetters will perform thei... 
 Biannual Cottonwood Art Festival is May 7-8, features student artists: The Cottonwood Art Festival has been bill... 
 Win prizes from our newsletter and Facebook contests: 
 Update: Judy’s Burgers replaces 12 Burgers: A couple of weeks ago, we reported on the new name and new look of w... 
 Anne Frank teacher a finalist for DISD Teacher of the Year: Dallas ISD announced the four finalists for the 2011... 
 Mighty Mustang garage sale is April 30: Whether you’re looking to shop, donate or sell your stuff, an opportunit... 
 Dallas goes wet, and Costco goes to Frisco: During last fall’s wet-dry election, we were told repeatedly — and e... 
 Restaurant talk: Free grilled cheese at Norma’s: To celebrate National Grilled Cheese Sandwich Day April 12, Nor... 
 RISD budget survey online through Wednesday: In the wake of the state budget deficit, RISD has been looking at w... 
 Go see the BlockCamp QR Code Project at the White Rock Centennial this weekend. 
 Productivity killer: 8 famous movies made by the last person you’d ever expect: Remember that movie “It’s Pat”? ... 
 Date Night Giveaway! Win 2 tickets to the Cavanaugh Flight Museum. (Guess a number (1-1000) here: )
 Texting while driving soon to be illegal in Texas?: Taking a break from figuring out how to balance the state’s ... 
 Lone Star Uke Fest begins today: If you’re looking to start the weekend early, the Lone Star Ukulele Festival op... 
 This weekend: ‘Traveling Lady’ and gallery openings: 
 RHS welcomes new head football coach: Brian Chandler will take the helm as area athletic coordinator and head fo... 
 The many ways to support Northwood Hills Elementary: Northwood Hills Elementary has a fundraiser going through A... 
 Wine review: Montecillo Rioja Crianza 2007: Let’s get the full disclosure out of the way first. Maria Martinez-S... 
 Free screening of ‘Waiting for Superman’ at UTD: If you’re looking for something free to do Wednesday night, UT ... 
 Urban Acres to open farm stand in West Richardson: The Oak Cliff-based organic market Urban Acres will expand to... 
 Food talk: Easter goodies at Brian Bakes: In our March issue, we wrote about neighborhood resident and Bowie Ele... 
 Productivity killer: April Fools roundup: You probably forgot what day it was until someone pranked you. Well,  ... 
 Another In-N-Out Burger heading to our neighborhood: According to a story in the DMN, the old CompUSA building o... 
 Pearce student’s original play debuts tonight: JJ Pearce senior Charlotte Ford wrote and directed an original pl... 
 Police seek help in identifying Galleria thieves: According to police reports, two men were caught on video Wedn... 
 Addison Walk renovation to yield 2 new restaurants: You’ve probably noticed the construction crews working on th... 
 Mayoral candidates speak to homeowners groups: A Lake Highlands homeowners group last night hosted a mayoral can... 
 Neighborhood resident to appear on HGTV: A Far North Dallas interior designer will get some screen time, appeari... 
 Our April 2011 issue is online, on stands: 
 12 Burgers to re-open as Judy’s Burger & Shake April 2: This must have happened overnight. I live down the stree... 
 Vitality House to open in late April at the Promenade: Some North Dallasites have teamed up to open a new health... 
 Plano mega-church expanding to our neighborhood: Well, it’s actually returning to its roots, according to a WFAA... 
 Support the Mustang Band tonight at Salado Wood Fire Salsa: Salado Wood Fire Salsa is hosting another fundraiser... 
 Restaurant talk: Burg-it: Finding a good burger in Far North Dallas isn’t too hard. Here on the blog, I’ve writt... 
 Donate $1 to children’s cancer research, receive a free sub sandwich: Jersey Mike’s Subs has partnered with Wipe... 
 Digital edition: April 2011: 
 Productivity killer: A house with a slide: Our April Home Design issue, which is hitting stands and doorknobs  t... 
 Pearce Theater opens ‘Playing for Time’ tonight: The JJ Pearce High School theater department opens its next sho... 
 This weekend: Shopping, jewelry, music and fashion: The North Dallas Mothers of Twins club is hosting a huge con... 
 Northwood Hills fifth-grader launches his own eco-program: Nicholas Chatto is trying to make his global ideas a ... 
 Local nonprofits offer paid summer internships for college students: It’s never too early to start thinking abou... 
 Pin Action Bowl to open near the neighborhood: We’ll soon have another option for bowling in Far North Dallas in... 
 Wine review: Notorius 2009: There is a flaw with this wine. It doesn’t have a screwcap. Otherwise, it’s pretty c... 
 Richardson High’s Kassidy Testut wins statewide film contest: Richardson High School’s Kassidy Testut has won th... 
 Country dancing is cool. See for yourself April 2: High school kids are into some pretty outrageous things these... 
 Richardson ISD announces possible budget cuts: Richardson ISD has released its list of possible budget cuts, wit... 
 Several tenants leave amid Spring Creek Village renovation: One of our neighborhood’s oldest shopping centers ha... 
 Neighborhood students advance to state in Destination Imagination: More than 60 Richardson ISD teams competed in... 
 Handicapping the mayor’s race: Voter apathy edition: I was doing some research for my May magazine column, and v... 
 Looks like Melody Caraway (109) is the winner of 2 tickets to The Frog Prince at the Dallas Children's Theater. 
 Date Night Giveaway! 2 tickets to The Frog Prince at the Dallas Children's Theater. (Guess a number (1-1000) here: )
 Productivity killer: By Year 2000, You Can Sit at Home: That’s what this Dallas Morning News article predicted i... 
 This weekend: Gallery opening, hula workshop and ballet: 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidate David Kunkle on the DPA and his opponents: We conclude our Advocate vi... 
 JJ Pearce vitamin drive tops 3,000 bottles: A couple of weeks ago, Advocate intern Emma Tiedemann told you about... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidate David Kunkle on his charisma — or lack thereof: David Kunkle said in a... 
 Wine review: Layer Cake Primitivo 2008: I’m never quite sure what to make of the Layer Cake wines. A year-old re... 
 JJ Pearce hosts Reliable Chevrolet Relays: Top athletes from across the Metroplex gathered at the Eagle-Mustang ... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidate David Kunkle on a ‘livable’ downtown and thriving neighborhoods: Today... 
 Restaurant talk: Goff’s Hamburgers: Most people, especially those have lived in Dallas all their lives, have pro... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidate David Kunkle on re-examining the budget: The Advocate video podcast se... 
 Handicapping the mayor’s race: Yard sign edition: Drove around Dallas north of Northwest Highway for 90 minutes ... 
 Buy your brick now to be part of the Pave The Way campaign for Comerica White Rock Lake Centennial Celebration: www.whiterockdallas.org
 Productivity killer: Best video games of all time: 
 Comerica White Rock Lake Centennial is kicking off- check out the website for ideas on what’s going on this weekend: whiterockdalls.org
 BoConcept moving to Dallas Design District: Modern furniture store, BoConcept is moving from its old location on... 
 Advocate video: RHS alumnus receives life-saving kidney transplant: Gustavo Pinedo didn’t sleep much last Wednes... 
 Looking for a gift that will last forever? Check out the Comerica White Rock Lake Centennial Celebration's 'Pave The Way' 
 This weekend: Gallery opening, theater festival, St. Paddy’s and symphony: The Artists’ Showplace at Coit and Ar... 
 Spring Break: Stay smart to stay safe: Spring Break has come a long way since Connie Francis sang “Where the Boy... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidate Ron Natinsky on his opponents and the city council: We continue our co... 
 JJ Pearce Mock Trial team finishes in top 10 at state competition: The JJ Pearce High School Mock Trial team adv... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidate Ron Natinsky on bringing major companies to Dallas: We continue our co... 
 Wine review: Bogle Sauvignon Blanc 2009: Bogle Vineyards has been, for more than a decade, perhaps the pre-emine... 
 Fajita Madness to support JJ Pearce all month: Fajita Pete’s at Preston and Campbell hosted a fundraiser for the... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidate Ron Natinsky on the budget crisis: As part of our coverage of the Dall... 
 Sandy Greyson will run for District 12 seat: Former District 12 councilwoman and neighborhood resident Sandy Gre... 
 Restaurant talk: Fat Tuesday: Tomorrow is all about splurging, and a few neighborhood restaurants (Addison in pa... 
 Update: Handicapping the mayor’s race:  There are less than two months until the mayoral election, and it has be... 
 Productivity killer: Who said it — Charlie Sheen or Muammar Qaddafi?: They are perhaps the two most popular men ... 
 Hey, city hall: Don’t forget to renew domain registration: This time last year, someone at City Hall — the offic... 
 This weekend: RHS 5K, Main Street Market and theater festival: The Richardson High School 5k begins at 9 a.m. wi... 
 Happy 'Texas Independence Day', an official Texas state holiday. 
 RHS submits videos for Dallas Film Festival contest: Each year, schools across the Metroplex compete in the Dall... 
 The Warren Center receives $10,000 grant: The Harold Simmons Foundation awarded a $10,000 grant to The Warren Ce... 
 Wine review: Campodelsole Durano 2009: The Italians continue to amaze. Much of the rest of their wine business m... 
 Out of the Loop Fringe Festival opens Thursday: WaterTower Theatre’s Out of the Loop Fringe Festival will kick o... 
 Read the stories, watch the videos: Our March 2011 issue: Our March magazine is here, and we’ve got some great s... 
 Bulk garbage pickup schedule: Let’s see — we have three mayoral candidates, a mayor, and an ex-mayor. Perhaps on... 
 Neighborhood Service Council begins annual flower sale: Neighborhood Service Council, an after-school program th... 
 Restaurant talk: School fundraisers: If you haven’t found an excuse to try the newly opened Salado Wood Fire Sal... 
 Leppert, hyprocisy, and the U.S. Senate: It’s not a surprise that former Mayor Park Cities, in his lust for high... 
 Productivity killer: 12 dystopian novels to ease our worries: With all the upheaval going on in the Middle East ... 
 JJ Pearce Mock Trial team headed to state competition: Our future lawyers at JJ Pearce High School competed in t... 
 Brian Kaner’s online bakery: This Bowie Elementary sixth-grader has customers all over our neighborhood 
 Construction on LBJ Freeway is finally about to begin: It appears that 2011 will indeed see the start of this 17... 
 JJ Pearce hosts drive for children’s vitamins: JJ Pearce Student Council has launched a service project, Strengt... 
 This weekend: Beatles tribute, gallery opeing and arts and crafts: The Classical Mystery Tour will perform A Tri... 
 Police address mall gangs rumor: Rumors about gang problems at NorthPark are unfounded, say police in a press re... 
 Just sent the March issue off to the printer. Look for it on  your doorstep, or a shop near you, early next week.
 Norma’s Celebrates Texas Independence Day: Texas turns 175 this year, and to celebrate the monumental occasion, ... 
 So long, Mr. Mayor: Apparently, Mayor Park Cities is resigning today to pursue a higher calling — to run for the... 
 Wine review: Falesco Est! Est! Est!!! 2009: Those of us who write professionally do not approve of exclamation m... 
 The world’s most most livable cities? Not Dallas: In fact, we were embarrassed by Pittsburgh, which was ranked a... 
 Rumors of gangs, curfews at NorthPark, and is the Galleria next?: Every weekend my 13-year old daughter begs me ... 
 KXT 91.7 FM brings you the best in acoustic, alt-country, indie rock, alternative & world music on the radio & online. 
 Update: RHS raises nearly $10,000 for alumnus’ transplant: In our February issue, we wrote about Richardson High... 
 J Dorian Chocolate to close Feb. 28: The owner of J Dorian Chocolate has decided to retire and close up shop by ... 
 Free program on learning disabilities Feb. 22: The Learning Disabilities Association of Richardson will host Rob... 
 Donate a prom dress to girls in need: The RISD Council of PTAs will sponsor a one-day event 10 a.m.-2 p.m. April... 
 Productivity killer: Adorable animals: It’s time for our Friday productivity killer, and this week, I’ve  come a... 
 Police arrest man suspected of robbing 40 area businesses: The DMN Crime blog reports that Dallas Police have ap... 
 JJ Pearce performs ‘Dirty Rotten Scoundrels’: Our Advocate intern Emma Tiedemann has another weekend tip for you... 
 This weekend: ‘Sex & War’, Bollywood dance workshop and stand-up comedy: The Stone Cottage Theatre in Addison pr... 
 Tree removal signifies beginning of LBJ Express construction: If neighbors weren’t paying attention to the massi... 
 Play ball! SVAA seeks umpires for youth baseball: If you have a love of baseball and a willingness to give back ... 
 Sandy Greyson considering running for District 12 council: Since councilman Ron Natinsky has set his sights on h... 
 RISD Used Book Fair opens Thursday: If you need to update your book collection or just help out a worthy cause, ... 
 Wine review: Coteaux d’Ancenis La Clotiere 2009: This is why wine is so much fun. I was cutting through the wine... 
 Visit www.artandseek.org each Wednesday to find out what the week’s Big Deal Giveaway is.  
 Natinsky files petitions for mayoral run: Ron Natinsky has kicked his mayoral campaign into high gear. He was th... 
 Support Parkhill Junior High at Sonny Bryan’s: The Parkhill Junior High Booster Club will host a fundraiser 5-9 ... 
 Restaurant talk: Fuzzy’s Taco Shop – pet friendly?: These days, most restaurants seem to allow pets on their pat... 
 Neighborhood schools receive statewide academic honor: The National Center for Educational Achievement released ... 
 Handicapping the mayor’s race: The three-candidate field looks to be set for May’s mayoral election, now that bu... 
 Families lose everything in fire; school counselors seek help: A fire ripped through two units at the Preston De... 
 Productivity killer: The United States of Shame: Humor site Pleated Jeans came out with this map of the U.S., pa... 
 Crime alert: ‘Grandparent scam’ hits nearby homes: The Richardson Police Department has sent out a notice to its... 
 Tomorrow & Monday - Valentine's Day Giveaway Extravaganza! Great prizes from local shops, restaurants & Dallas favorites. 
 Crave company recognizes neighborhood female business owners: Crave Dallas recently published a book, self-descr... 
 This weekend: Valley House opening, ‘The Philadelphia Story’ and live music: 
 Valentine’s Day events in Far North Dallas: Valentine’s Day falls on Monday, but local deals and events are comi... 
 Wine review: Cave de Lugny Macon-Villages 2009: The French may have many faults as a wine-producing nation, be i... 
 The Women’s Chorus of Dallas to hold auditions this month: So, you aspire to be on the big stage with fellow tal... 
 Icepocalypse: The Sequel?: I’m not as ready as I want to be — the winter boots I ordered from Amazon probably wo... 
 <3 British comedies on KERA TV? Read Bill Young’s BritCom blog & keep up with the latest news, schedules & more. 
 Storm leaves blood supply running low: Carter BloodCare and the Red Cross are urging people to give blood over t... 
 Advocate podcast: LBJ Express: You may have already seen crews out working on the first stages of the LBJ Expres... 
 New free KERA Public Radio App Listen to KERA 90.1 live, pause & rewind live audio, view program schedule and more. 
