 Just completed Week 3 - Day 2 of  with  
 TGIF!!! ( Swig w/ 2 others) [pic]: 
 Pretending my V-8 juice is a bloody mary to help me get through the afternoon... It's (fake) 5 o'clock somewhere!!!
 Forgot my apple at home on the counter. Gah! Bad form Molus bad form...
 Beauty and the Beast time! Sooo excited!!! ( Oriental Theater w/ 2 others) [pic]: 
 Best pizza in the world! ( Giordano's Pizza) 
 Just completed Week 3 - Day 1 of  with  
 West Town farmers market! ( Zeidler Union Square) 
 RT  Safety experts say the best place to be when a debt ceiling collapses is under the table.
  i posted pics to clarify... AND i have to wear a sweater to work because it's only like 50 degrees in the REPS office!
 Right side up sweater! 
 Upside down sweater! 
 AAAANNNNDDD I've been wearing my sweater upside down all day. 
  I fully embraced that label long ago...
 My new desktop background at work makes me smile a lot :) 
 I just became the mayor of Molus House on  
 RT  If you can "pray the gay away," can you "pray the gay onto someone?"
 RT  It feels like MacGruber is in charge of the debt ceiling crisis.
 RT  Happy Birthday to the sexy Josh Holloway! 
 Grabbing some lunch on my way back to work. ( Subway) 
 If you had to choose between putting cheese on your sandwich or mayo, which would you pick? Ah life's dilemmas!!!
 Celebrating another Sets on the Beach victory! Whoo hoo! ( Golden Lion) 
 NOT MY DAUGHTER, YOU BITCH!
 We did it, we bashed them, wee Potter's the one, & Voldy's gone moldy, so now let's have fun!- HPDH
 I just unlocked the "Harry Potter" badge on  
 It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more- HPHBP
 Youth cannot know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if they forget what it was to be young- HPOP
 Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike-HPOP
 We must all face the choice between what is right and what is easy -HPGF
 We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided-HPGF
 It is my belief... that the truth is generally preferable to lies-HPGF
 If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals-HPGF
 Nothing like a nighttime stroll to give you ideas-HPGF
 It's a strange thing but when you are dreading something & would give anything to slow down time it has a disobliging habit of speeding...
 Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain- HPCS
 It is our choices...that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities-HPCS
 Hearing voices no one else can hear isn't a good sign-HPCS
 I'm at EE-Sane Thai-Lao Cuisine (1806 N Farwell Ave, Milwaukee) 
 There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other-HPSS
 It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends- HPSS
 Last Mexican dinner with my best friend for awhile... ( El Fuego) 
 Back to the mothership!!! ( IKEA w/ 5 others) 
 I just unlocked the "7-10 Split" badge on  
 I just ousted Caroline as the mayor of UW Credit Union on  
  and by that I meant get well soon (but not too soon! lol)
  I prey on the weak, what can I say. NO MERCY!
 I just ousted  as the mayor of UWM Student Union on  
 Anniversary dinner <3 ( El Fuego w/ 5 others) [pic]: 
 Someone needs to give Pepples and BamBam from  a good, loving home! Look at those cute little faces! 
  i'm sorry! when i got it i showed emily right away. i feel bad because you can't even defend you turf!
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Golden Lion on  
 Picnic with the bf! ( Humboldt Park w/ 3 others) [pic]: 
 Pickin up my new kicks ( Payless ShoeSource) 
 Best way to spend a lazy tuesday 
 I'm at Off The Clock Bar & Grill (4301 S. Howell Avenue, at Bolivar, Milwaukee) w/ 2 others 
 You know I like my chicken fried... ( Popeye's) [pic]: 
  it's always slow when the regents R here. surprisingly i'm also getting a lot of work done though! btw it looks like rain on sun
 Can't think of something clever to go with this one...  
 Florabama to the Keys, Better keep your eye on me... I'll go coastal on ya!   
 I'll probably have to wear shoes and a shirt, but that won't be a problem. I'm seeing  tomorrow! 
 It will be a "genuine, different kind of fine" night. Can't wait for tomorrow!   
 I'm a sucker 4 cats w/ Disney names! I have 2! Simba is adorable and adoptable, so followers- check him out  
 "Don't" think I won't be enjoying   at  as well! 
 When the sun goes down tomorrow, I'll be watching  rock  
 Everybody wants to go to heaven, and I will be in heaven tomorrow night!   
 
 
 RT  This will give a new meaning to the Lambeau Leap -   
 AHHHHH TOMORROW!!! 
 Amazing dinner w/ bf  Mr.  last night. Amazing day w/ bf  tomorrrow. (& we're getting our new keys!) I am one lucky lady ♥
 Regents are in da house. Should be an interesting couple of days... ( UWM Union REPS) 
 Waiting out the storm with sam klam and an amaretto sour ( Golden Lion) [pic]: 
 I'm home! ( El Fuego w/ 3 others) 
 I just became the mayor of Rawson Softball Diamonds on  
  I'm always hiding in my office, that's why! Lol.
 The elevator is still broken? It's been three days!!! Katz properties suck  
 I'm pretty sure the only good thing about today is going to be El Fuego with  . This chica needs mucho 
 I wish every weekend was a four day weekend. Oh well back to I go... ( UWM Union REPS) 
 RT  RT  Urban Outfitters is about to have a fun little PR nightmare. Let's grab some popcorn and watch: ht ...
  thank you thank you! i think my biggest problem is that with all the options, i don't know where to start
 Four Ways to Make Your Battery Last Longer-Yahoo Finance 
 Trying to setup a  account. Still figuring things out. Anyone use it and have tips? 
 Worky work work! ( UWM Union REPS) 
 Who wants to get grass seats for  at  ? Anyone?
 Found on my desk this morning. Is REPS supporting or mocking my cat lady-ness? 
  Will u tune in or are u still buffy bitter? RT  Sarah Michelle Gellar returns to TV | 
 OMG  this is you! RT  I'm not a competitive eater unless someone orders French fries "for the table."
  oi. take a listen when u get a minute my love.  I would like 2 go 2 a taping in Chicago, so I hope u love it.
  I know ur an NPR fan, but do u listen to wait wait?
 RT  I'm conflicted about voter ID requirement. I understand the disenfranchising nature of it but people should also have t ...
 Napping erm I mean working (!)  REPS & then no plans for the evening. I think a well deserved night of not leaving my couch is in order :)
 techie/crazy-cat-lady must have! RT  Friskies Introduces iPad Games for Your Cat [VIDEO] - 
 RT  So if the end of the world IS Saturday, that makes  the greatest prophet ever. A sexy Nostradamus, if u will
 I just ousted Katelyn O. as the mayor of Golden Lion on  
 There's a hole in my leggings :( Why does this always happen?
 so excited for dinner with  we're going to el beso, so maybe tonight i'll get that kiss i've been waiting for for 16 years ;)
  straightener burns are the worst :(
 I just ousted David S. as the mayor of UWM Union REPS on  
 I just ousted Louie G. as the mayor of The Steakout on  
 OMG awesome   RT An iPhone app that tells you bathroom breaks during a movie is available for FREE! 
  COOOOORRRAAAAA i'll be there Sunday :)
  Just wishing everyone a good week, nothing specific :)
 RT  I hate it when people just throw random TTs on the backend of their tweets so people will see them. Boy Meets World S ...
 Was bummed when I missed the Cinco party, but this  Arabian Nights thing sounds fun too! Who want's to go? 
 Happy Monday! ( UWM Student Union w/ 6 others) 
 RT  Sen Kohl announces retirement.  Says "even though I continue to love this job, I have decided to give someone else a turn."
  the parkside lady said it kept ringin no vm. must have the wrong  & i def wouldve gone on a road trip if REPS gave me gas $$$ :)
  also the office says you should answer your cell phone b/c someone from parkside is trying to get a hold of you :)
  what equipment?
  so far it's given me dmb, carrie underwood, and some offspring... i trust my shuffle sir! haha
 Shuffle starts it off right! 
 I've got the trusty iPad on shuffle today. I let fate pick my music.
 Yay frickles!!! ( AJ Bombers w/ 8 others) [pic]: 
 Lunch w/   today! Gonna get a Frickle burger so excited!
 Hopefully this coffee and country music will help me concentrate...
  the 3GS is on sale right now for like $60. It'll give you an apple-fix w/o the price tag until the 5 comes out :)
  I would have to go a little earlier, at like 11:30. Does that work?
  hey!  has a new burger with fried pickles on it! lunch today?
  which home depot? Sounds like I need to stop in!
  I should probably mention that I do not have windows. How would an orchid do under fluorescents?
 I would like to get a nice plant for my office. Any recommendations?
 Time for work! ( UWM Union REPS) 
 I'm at Dunham's Sports (5656 South Packard Ave, Cudahy) 
 Mothers day breakfast! ( South Milwaukee City Hall) 
 A New Chick Crush is Born... 
  I REALLY should have come over Tuesday ;)
 When I grow up, I want to be Kate Middleton :)  
 Forgot my sandwich and easter candy at home :( Now what am I gonna do for lunch?
 Hipster Ariel 
 New Traditional Design 
 Beat Boxing Cellist 
 Tips for Keeping Your Space Tidy 
 Something Every Club-Going Girl Needs Immediately 
 I just ousted Neal M. as the mayor of UWM Union REPS on  
 I'm at UWM Student Union (2200 E Kenwood Blvd, btw Maryland and Downer, Milwaukee) w/ 5 others 
 Ok Thursday bring it on! Workin, replacing a shower curtain & turtle filter, softball practice and then Buckheads with my favs
 Miranda Kerr Already Modeling 
 Things You Should Know Are Happening: Raul Castro 
 Man + Candle = Mandle 
 Two Disappointing Songs and One Guilty Pleasure 
 Really wish I hadn't left my Seroogy's bar at home. Having a crazy chocolate craving right now...
 Zing! Nic Cage Burn 
 Honest Logos 
 Yay! Finally checked in! 
 An In Flight Video You Actually Want to Watch 
 Apparently driving a moped on the freeway is totally kosher in florida.
 3 April, 2011 10:04 
 Does the Middle Eastern Crisis Confuse You? 
 Shoes as Art 
 Tequila Tampax Anyone? How About A Kotex Kar Bomb? 
 Little Golden Book Dress 
 Real Estate Porn: Costa Rican Edition Part II 
 PINK Makes Brewers Apparel 
   also- i think "the influence" is a very "the situation"-esque nickname. just sayin.
   i miss living with the influence. now i'm just happy when i can snag the influence for dinner one per week.
  whoopsies. post edited.
 I Finally Saw the King's Speech 
 Scotty made lunch! 
 Let's Just Pretend the Last Month Didn't Happen Okay? 
 Eyeliner is missing 
 First day of softball classes went well... Now its shindig time :-)
 Veggie alfredo and sangria!!! 
 My babies <3 
 Green enchiladas!!! 
 I just tweeted the real deal. Now i have a degree, wanna hire me? :-)
 YES!!!! Finally!!!!!! 
 Its here! 
 listening to  makes me feel like i'm 14 again. does this look infected was the soundtrack to my life.
 I just unlocked the "Century Club" badge on  
 Mmm mmm dinner 
 Annnnnd goldfinger!
 On to from russia with love! So far bond has banged three chicks and has five kills...
 And it begins!!! Dr.no is on right now. 
 Song Stuck in my Head: Ave Maria 
 Anyone Want to See this Movie? 
 Eminem was robbed this year, are the Grammy's out of touch?...  via 
 Rally in spaights plaza at uwm 
  or you could just retweet me? but that's cool- be a tweet stealer...
 Hopefully residents of WI have learned their lesson. Your vote is your voice. Use it next time.
 Optimus Prime Gets A Parking Ticket 
 Real Estate Porn: Argentinian Edition 
 The Sad Truth Of What's Really In Your Inbox 
 Designer Hotels 
 Gaga 4 Gaga! 
 RT  “ Lindsay Lohan: 'I Was Not Raised to Lie, Cheat or Steal'” Right, I was 
   Listening to  on repeat all day today!!!  
 Real Estate Porn: St. Barts Edition 
 Hot Trend in Interiors: Dramatic and Intense Floral Prints 
 The Perfect Superbowl Dish!!! but it's almost a week late 
 Writer's Block 2 
 RT   SB XLV trophy
   Shakira- La Tortura
 The Science and Sweat Behind Your Stilletos 
 Song Stuck In My Head: Te Amo 
 Girl Scout's Cutting Cookie Lineup (Oh God Please Not the Thin Mints!!!) 
 How Do People Come Up With This Stuff? 
 Panic! Reboot is Neither A Sin Nor A Tragedy 
  Also there are certain blog posts that make me think of you. There's one tonight, I'm sure you'll know which one :)
 Roseanne is Latest to Play Hunger Incarnate 
  fingers crossed indeed. I'd like to know where I'm living in 6 months.
 Cool Intel Commercial 
  if you won't respond to my texts, maybe you'll respond to my tweets!!!
  is trending! love it! 
 RT   GREEN & YELLOW (FREESTYLE) -----> 
 Writers Block: 
  they are sopes! thick tortillas with chicken beans salsa sour cream avocado and cheese... delicious, but I need to practice!
 My first attempt at sopes! 
 Just shopped at el rey for the first time! It will not be the last time thats for sure!!!
 Birthday present from grandpa! 
 Happy sunday everyone 
 Real Estate Porn: Nicholas Cage Edition: 
 Zing! TV Pundit Burn: 
  AMEN to that!
 RT  Get ready: Oregon Trail, Carmen Sandiego are coming to Facebook 
 today's a country music kinda day...
  i'm proud of your twittering. not proud of your lack of kenny chesney love. I. AM. DETERMINED.
 Real Estate Porn: Hawaiian Edition: 
 Cute Animal Things: Illegal Growing Operation (Growing Guinea Pigs): 
 Facebook Issues?: 
 Real Estate Porn: Montana Edition: 
 Skyline Curtains: 
 Pac-Man Might Get His Own Reality Show: 
 Live is Dead: 
 GO PACK GO! GO PACK GO! GO PACK GO! part 2: 
 GO PACK GO! GO PACK GO! GO PACK GO!: 
 Im 23!: 
 Real Estate Porn: Latvia Edition: 
 A Ken Doll Reality Show: 
 Real Estate Porn: Austin Edition Part 2: 
 Cupcakes by Chanel: 
 Song (That Might Get) Stuck in My Head: Hold It Against Me: 
 High Heeled Nikes: 
 Not Your Mama's Dining Room: 
 Real Estate Porn: Australia Edition Part 3: 
 Zing!: 
 Real Estate Porn: Canadian Edition: 
 Real Estate Porn: King Midas Edition: 
 Song Stuck in My Head: Dog Days Are Over: 
 Aaahhhhh PACKERS!!!!!
 Watching the game at a packer bar in austin. Green and gold love is universal love.
 GO PACK GO! GO PACK GO!: 
 Real Estate Porn: Spanish Edition Part 2: 
 We're in Austin!
 I'm in Austin!!!: 
 Its official! I'm on vacation :-) 
 New Years Resolutions: 
 Safely landed in denver! Now to find some breakfast and figure out how to spend the 4 hour layover... Austin or bust!
 By some act of god we made the first flight! Today is lookin good!
 Real Estate Porn: Singapore Edition Part 2: 
 Mmm $400,000 Tuna Yummy Yummy: 
 Does morality matter in sports? Absolutely not...: 
 Cute Animal Things: Cyborg Turtle: 
   Thanks for the RT!
 To My Husband: 
 10 Food Trends to Watch: 
 Real Estate Porn: Ferris Bueller Edition: 
  Don't forget to ask for you teeth back. Maybe the tooth fairy will bring you Cristiano Ronaldo.
  Most of those requests are a joke. :( On a happy note you are the 1st person to wish me happy bday (Ur 12 days early) haha
 Happy Birthday to Me! 23 For 23!: 
 Real Estate Porn: Cayman Edition: 
 GO Pack GO! Part Deux: 
 Gorgeous Italian Furniture: 
 Song Stuck in my Head: Armada Latina: 
 I Wasn't Thinking Big Enough: 
  bogut sec 428 row p seat 3
  i know this is late, but thanks for the re-tweets lady!!!
  Sad lunch didn't work out. Hopefully I'll see you Sunday though!!!
 RT  New Starbucks logo relies on iconic siren’s call
 H*&^leberry Finn: 
 Real Estate Porn: Drew Barrymore Edition: 
 Cultural Cortisone Shot: 
 Snooki's Book Is As Terrible As Expected: 
 Photoshop Tutorial Rap: 
 Snow White Remixed: 
 The Nativity Told Through Social Media: 
 2010's Best and Worst Celebrity Baby Names: 
 United States of Pop 2010: 
 Fettuccine alfredo! 
 Cute and Colorful Furniture Set: 
 I was in the bathroom for the interception. Everyone in the bar just told me to go back :-(
 Go Pack Go!!!: 
 Real Estate Porn: Washington Edition: 
 Trailer Park: Pirates 4-On Stranger Tides: 
 Mango Tree: 2010 in review: 
  You are a slut. I hate you.
 Entertainment Center for sale $40 o.b.o. Fits up to 36" TV. Msg me for details/more pictures. 
 Real Estate Porn: Spanish Edition: 
 Go Badgers!: 
 Recap of 2010 Through Facebook Statuses: 
 Bright Start to the New Year: 
 Teach Your Mom How to Copy and Paste: 
 Is Your LinkedIn Profile Cliche?: 
 My New Years Foursquare Heroes: 
 Recap of 2010 Through Retweets: 
 Cute Animal Things: Surprised Kitty: 
 Recap of 2010 (Movies) : 
 Teach Me How to Jelly: 
 Song Stuck in my Head: What's My Name: 
 Recap of 2010 Through YouTube: 
 
 
 
 Blast From the Past: Mandy Moore: 
 Chocoholics Unite!: 
 Ja Rule is Going to Ja Jail: 
 Recap of 2010 Through Twitter: 
 Real Estate Porn: Austin Edition: 
 Auto/USB Heated Coffee Mug: 
 Wheee Wh Wh Wheee: 
 Personalized Twitter Handle Necklaces: 
 I didnt know tonight was vuvuzela night at the admirals game. Im gonna need a lot of beer to get through tonight.
 Confused by Wikileaks?: 
 Star Wars/ Adidas Mash Up: 
 Real Estate Porn: Ryan Phillippe Edition: 
  I accidentally added you to my "celebrity" twitter list. Then I realized it wasn't accidental as much as it was prophetic :)
 I've reached the point where  are necessary to effectively follow my followers. Is this some sort of passage into  adulthood?
  does paige have one of these yet? 
 Recap of 2010 Through Google: 
 Favorite Holiday Season Movie: Year Without a Santa Claus: 
 My Grown Up (ish) Christmas List Part 5!: 
 
 No parking at ottos at before 10 am. Haha love it!
 Pick n save, apartment, Kohl's, Walmart, apartment... as quickly as possible. Ready BREAK!!!
  it went as well as can be expected. i should prod send an email to explain that further haha. I hope Paige enjoys her 1st xmas!
 FACT: women become cat ladies because they realize their potential children would never love them as much as their cats do...
 My Grown Up (ish) Christmas List Part 4: 
 The Epic Sequel: C3PO Swimwear!: 
 Netflix Fanatic: Meet Joe Black: 
 Got $101.75 for selling back my books. Now I can finish Christmas shopping! Yay!
 Holiday Traditions that Make You Go WTF: 
 Holiday Traditions: 
  YAY you're a tweeter!
 BOOM: 
 BOOM 
 Ahhh we're so close!
  thank you!
  spoken like a true grad student
 Thanks! 
 We made it!: 
 We made it! 
 Chillin at the us cellular arena with cynthia piemeisel and jack talaska.
 19 December, 2010 11:12: 
 Well This is It...: 
 Snuggle time! 
 Netflixs Fanatic: How to Lose Friends and Alienate People: 
 Caffeinated Bliss: Perky Jerky: 
 My Grown Up (ish) Christmas List Part 3: 
 Alejandro is officially back in action!
 brain feels like mush. gut rot from all the sugar keeping me awake. it just wouldn't feel right graduating w/o pulling 1 last all nighter
 You should take my cell phone survey (if you haven't already!) Thanks followers :) 
 Heyyyy please take my survey about cell phones! It's for my final paper... PRETTY PLEASE :) 
  Good luck!
 Forgot my burts's bees at home. It's gonna be a rough day :(
 Uhhhh: 
 Stranded in the snow at uwm with mr. ian sweet. The brave and handsome brad knitter is on his way to rescue us :-)
 My Grown Up (ish) Christmas List Part 2!: 
 It's Beginning to Look a lot Like Christmas...: 
 RGB Wallpaper: 
 Trailer Park: Black Swan: 
 My 150th Post: 
 Happy holidays from the lil Beast 
 Does  look funny to anyone else? What's going on? 
 My Grown Up (ish) Christmas List!: 
 Forgot my grocery list at home. Managed to go shopping anyway and not forget anything. Badass.
 I'm at AJ Bombers (1247 N Water St, at Knapp St, Milwaukee). 
 Netflix Fanatic: District 9: 
 Trailer Park: Burlesque: 
 Fight Your Cold With Booze: 
 Real Estate Porn: Mexican Edition: 
 100 Reasons MKE Sucks: 
 Trailer Park: The Mechanic: 
 Friends Thanksgiving Episode Highlights!: 
 Five Holiday Cocktails: 
 Another Reason Why I Want an iPhone: 
 NPR in a Bind: 
 Trailer Park: Cowboys and Aliens: 
 Mom Calls in Bomb Threat to Prevent Her Daughter from Eloping: 
 Apparently Today's Theme is Things I'll Never Be Able to Afford: 
 Star Wars USB Drives: 
 My Engagement Ring: 
 Krazy Kitten Kuddling: 
 Putin's Prime Pooch: 
 Hmmm...: 
 Safe Sex According to Bristol Palin and The Situation: 
 Pretty Pillows: 
 Real Estate Porn: Nina Garcia Edition: 
 Things I Plan to do When I Graduate Part 2: 
 Real Estate Porn: Australia Edition Part 2: 
 harry potter premiere! ( Marcus South Shore Cinema w/ 9 others) 
 This is Not a Christmas Post: 
 Democrats Keep Up With the Kardashians: 
 Handmade Chandeliers: 
  Thanks! I had to reclaim some sort of UWM associated mayorship before graduation. I think Neal's gonna fight me on this one tho
 I just ousted Neal M. as the mayor of UWM Union REPS on  
 Spooning While Writing Has Never Been So Easy...: 
 Real Estate Porn: Brazil Edition: 
 Cute Animal Things: Cat in a Box: 
 Human Casteller Festival: 
 Update for "Damn You Auto Correct": 
 There are no Televisions in Design World: 
