 Please "Like" us on Facebook:  
 Listen to Yucca Rose and view her art - jazz vocalist and contemporary painter - 
 Listen to new music: Yucca Rose - smooth jazz, art and more - 
 Listening to cool jazz tracks by Yucca Rose - 
 Take a minute - listen to our friends - The Kings of England - Well worth a spin and a FB "like" 
 Age Garcia video for the rest of the night! 
 The Chuck Fesperman Group plays live jazz tonight at Delaney Vineyards in Grapevine, TX. 6pm-9:30pm   Join us for some great jazz and wine!
 S/O to The Jazz People! This new album is FIRE! Please friend and like. Thanks! 
 If you haven't already, please "Like" me on Facebook:  
 Jacqui Sutton's "What Is Frontier Jazz?" now live!  More great music at: 
 Can't stop listening to   
 FREE MUSIC PROMOTION On MyMelody Radio.
 NEWS FLASH !!!  The Collectors Edition - The CD "Corleone Montana Revealed" Now Available!  
 Go read some very VALUABLE tour tips from  on  at   
 Really diggin a jazzy vid by Da Phatfunk Clique! It's 1 min 12 sec and moves fast! Like them on FB! 
 A jazz/bluegrass mash-up? Jacqui Sutton's Frontier Jazz does it! Check "Those Memories of You"! 
 Hey! Check out Alberto Monnar's new CD "On The Move" at 
 Go read the  review of  feat    & more at 
 Studio 8 Records Netherlands is a Free Label for Independent Jazz, Funk & Experimental Musicians.  
 We're on a compilation album! Check out "GrooveTunez the Early Yearz" at  and click mystore
 Go read some very VALUABLE tour tips from  on  at   
 Go read part 2 of some VALUABLE tour tips from  on  at  
 "Like" Producingmind for great industry tips, news, insights & music from a professional! 
 Listening to the LaGrand.  "Like" the Facebook page. 
 Check out our new Facebook page!  
 Are you in a band and want to reach new fans free? Headliner.fm can hook you up. Check it out!  
 Mexico was fun. Back in Dallas now and it's too cold.
 This Thursday, April, 7th...The Chuck Fesperman Group at Town & Country Cigars in Euless, TX 8:30pm.  Come out and enjoy live jazz !
 Ready for a jazzy spring!
 Check out music from The Chuck Fesperman Group 
 Another late night recording session.
 Live jazz  Delaney Vineyards in Grapevine TX today 12 noon until 4pm!
 I hate it when gremlins wreck havoc with my electronics!
 Live jazz with our trio tonight - Town & Country Cigars, Euless, TX 8:30pm-midnight.
 I'm still trying to get rid of an awful cough. I think I just coughed up a lung!
 Finished a new song today. Hope to record it soon.
 Late night rehearsing....
 It's a beautiful, warm and sunny day here in Guadalajara, Mexico today!
 Enjoying sunny Guadalajara, Mexico
 Merry Chrismas!!!
 It feels like Christmas outside today.
 Wow...83 degrees here in Dallas today. Gotta love it
 Cool lunar eclipse going on outside.
  I bet it's beautiful there.
 Check this video out for a little Christmas tune...  
 All I Want For Christmas...is the winning Powerball ticket!!!
  Are you going to post it so we can listen?
 Listening to Peter White, Rick Braun and Mindi Abair on their Christmas CD!
 Late night woodshedding on the horn. Gotta love "Silent Brass"!
 Just finished a good practice session. The chops are feeling great!
  You miss that Texas Bbq already huh?
 A little Christmas tune...  
 What's your favorite jazz Christmas tune?
 I got to see Peter White, Mindi Abair and Rick Braun perform their smooth jazz Christmas show twice tonight...Fantastic!
 Ready to play some holiday gigs.  We have some nice jazz Christmas arrangements this year.
 It's a beautiful fall day in North Carolina. Home for Thanksgiving and then back to Dallas.
 I'm headed to NC for a few days. Should be fun!
 Spent most of the night transcribing and all morning woodshedding on the horn. Maybe I should go to sleep now!
 Enjoyed performing for the University of Texas - Dallas homecoming Saturday night.
 Let the holiday season begin!
 If you need a band for your holiday party, let us know. We have a couple of open dates for December   www.dallasjazzband.com
 I feel like composing some new music today.
 Some dates in December still available.  www.dallasjazzband.com
 We still have some available dates open for the holiday season. If you need a live band, let me know!
 I'm ready for the World Series. GO RANGERS!!!
 I'm feeling "Dizzy" today: 
 undefined The Chuck Fesperman Group video introduction.
 Please visit us on Reverbnation and click to become a fan. Thanks! 
 I love this time of year, but I sure miss all the trees and colorful leaves back in North Carolina.
 I've been working on a new song all night....time for bed!
 Dizzy Gillespie's birthday....He would have been 93 today. I still miss him.
 Just finished a great lesson with Rick Braun. Now for some woodshedding!
 Here's our new Twitter account. I'll keep you up to date on where we're playing as well as other tidbits of worthless knowledge.
