 Advocate slideshow: Sneak peek of the Overlook at C.C. Young 
 Productivity killer: 5 reasons Facebook needs a ‘dislike’ button 
 Dallas Police offer training for Volunteers in Patrol 
 Lawther-Goforth bridge is back 
 Video: building demolished in Lake Highlands 
 Illegal for parents to board a school bus? 
 Lake Highlands Weekly News Summary | Advocatemag.com 
 Two new businesses now open at Skillman and Royal 
 H&M to open Aug. 18 at NorthPark Center 
 It’s not too late for summer camp at Museum of Nature and Science 
 Shoot guns with Exchange Club LH (in the name of education and charity, of course) 
 LHHS welcomes new swim coach Kyle Horne 
 Digital edition: August 2011 
 She won't tweet it here herself ... editor  won 1st in personal essay at   Congrats! --
 Productivity killer: The Kaleidoskop 
 Movies: Captain, My Captain 
 Curfew crackdown begins this weekend 
 Where is Lake Highlands, Texas? 
 New restaurants for Skillman-Royal area: Moon Wok, Cowboy Style Philly’s 
 C.C. Young’s new building opens July 27 
 Lake Highlands Weekly News Summary | Advocatemag.com 
 Charming Charlie and Park Grill coming to The Shops at Park Lane 
 Trying new wines 
 Wine review: Vinho verde 
 LH Soccer’s new Leslie K. Rice Memorial Fund 
 Restaurant talk: picnic at the Arboretum 
 Leadership DISD course to plug community members into school system 
 Exchange Club announces Oktoberfest Lake Highlands 
 Budget cuts are a matter of life and death 
 Productivity killer: Harry Potter madness 
 Mr. Margarita, Mariano Martinez, featured on ABC’s Nightline 
 SPONSORED TWEET: Christmas in July! On Sat. Downing Hill, on Greenville, will deck the halls and clean out the stockroom.www.downinghill.com
 LHHS’s Yoel Zehaie tours Washington with Texas Leadership Forum 
 Movie Review: “Harry Potter and the Deathly Hollows: Part 2″ 
 Former mayor Steve Bartlett: now the $2 million man 
 Facebooking at city hall could be tough to regulate 
 LH’s Lindsay Toler helps distribute Roma boots in Moldova 
 Lake Highlands Weekly News Summary | Advocatemag.com 
 White Rock’s monk parakeet colony: the heat makes them happy 
 Wilshire Baptist to screen new movie: Heaven’s Rain 
 Wine review: Picada 15 2010 
 African Leadership Council offers educational luncheon 
 Pizzeria Venti taking legal action 
 Lake Highlands podcast: Skillman, the spine of Lake Highlands 
 East Lake Pet Orphanage opens video, photography studio 
 You know that streak of 100-degree days? 
 Productivity killer: How well can you text and drive? 
 Date Night Giveaway! Win 2 tickets to the Dallas Arboretum!  (Guess a number (1-1000) here: )
 Grocery self-checkout lines on the way out? 
 This weekend: shop, take the kids to a show, or run hot 
 Party at in-the-works White Rock area beer garden, Goodfriend, Sunday 
 Royal Oaks Country Club: Construction mystery solved 
 Lake Highlands Weekly News Summary | Advocatemag.com 
 Addressing Lake Highlands’ ‘culture of poverty’ 
 Rah! Cheer camp CEOs celebrate successful session 
 LH’s Julie Alexander calls for return of handwritten letters 
 Kent Shield named president, chief executive of C.C. Young 
 White Rock Lake event featured in national magazine 
 LH’s Ches Williams named Deputy Chief of DPD 
 We’ve had 10 100-degree days 
 Movie Review: “Transformers: Dark of the Moon” 
 Digital edition: July 2011 
 Digital edition: June 2011 
 Movie Review: “Transformers: Dark of the Moon” 
 Downing Hill Garden Studio is having a Margarita 101 tonight  7:00 pm. Learn to make the perfect margarita, sangria, and more!
 White Rock Lake area pot talk 
 Lake Highlands Weekly News Summary | Advocatemag.com 
 Lake Highlands Town Center: a fish story 
 Shopping cart cleanup begins this week 
 Wine review: Marietta Old Vine Red Lot Number 53 
 Downing Hill Garden Studio is having a Margarita 101 on June 30th  7:00 pm. Learn to make the perfect margarita, sangria, and more!
 Shopping-cart clean up underway around Dallas 
 Hebron’s Michele Massey hired as Wildcat volleyball coach 
 Lake Highlands podcast: The up-and-coming restaurants edition 
 LH Town Center developer sends out first press release in three years 
 Tukta Thai’s new sign 
 Productivity killer: The heavenly Google workplace 
 Is this old tree in trouble again? 
 Neighborhood activities to keep kids busy this summer 
 Lake Highlands Town Center Update: The latest news and reports on the Lake Highlands Town Center. 
 Biz kids 
 Read this week's neighborhood news summary, view weekend events, and enter the weekly news giveaway! 
 Lake Highlands Weekly News Summary | Advocatemag.com 
 Miss Johnson (and 9 LH boys) go to Washington 
 City approves changes to TIF agreement 
 Lake Highlands Town Center Update newsletter 
 Keep your kids safe at the pool this summer 
 Dallas Ballet’s Chris Koehl competes tonight on Fox 
 Wine review: House White 2008 
 Can the city put size limits on LH Town Center grocer? 
 Centennial Beach Party 
 Council to vote on LH Town Center changes 
 Lake Highlands podcast: A mayoral grand marshal and a TIF debate 
 Bath House tree has new life (sort of) as a table 
 Dot’s Cafe closed 
 Let Advocate newsletters bring the news to you 
 Rawlings wins; what’s next? 
 Productivity killer: Most endangered historic sites 
 Caught in the web: “mommymanders” 
 Movie Review: “Green Lantern” 
 This weekend: Pied Piper, book sale and E.T. outdoors 
 Advocatemag.com Weekly News Summary | Lake Highlands 
 Wine review: Evodia 2009 
 ‘Love my Park’ video contest 
 Lake Highlands Park to get new playground equipment 
 Lake Highlands Mavericks 
 Lake Highlands podcast: What to do? Where to eat? 
 Update: Mavs victory parade set for Thursday, Mark Cuban will pay 
 A facelift for Lake Highlands Plaza? 
 Later school start times for teens? We’re there 
 Budget update: Cops, street repairs, rec centers look to be gone 
 Mavericks victory parade: the time is now (or sometime around June 20) 
 Productivity killer: The Ultimate Mavs Fan 
 Movie Review: “Beginners” 
 Movie Review: “Super 8″ 
 Early voting locations you can go to for the Joint Runoff Election for Mayor today - 14th:  or as a map 
 Tell us how you’re celebrating July 4th this year 
 This weekend: shop local, ride the loop, find free family fun 
 Calatrava bridge progress: It seems kind of boring 
 LHHS’ Rama Hagos earns full ride to Amherst 
 Lake Highlands Town Center Update newsletter 
 Advocatemag.com Weekly News Summary | Lake Highlands 
 David Ringer indicted on charges of theft from Solar Soccer Club 
 Is Rawlings a giant, or is our set just really small? 
 Photos: Cat Classic Golf Tournament 
 Wine review: Pasa A Paso 2009 
 So, what do we do here for fun? 
 Goodfriend and a potential Casa Linda revival 
 Another school ranking, LHHS in top 5% 
 Council to approve Dallas Bike Plan Wednesday 
 Lake Highlands podcast: The Lake Highlands MUD edition 
 Advocate video: Rawlings, Kunkle answer questions from readers 
 Early voting for Dallas Mayor starts today! Check out the Advocate's Video Debate with the candidates before you vote: 
 Hell freezes over: Morning News says Trinity debate wasn’t kosher 
 Trinity Tollroad: It looks like Leppert misled us by omission 
 Advocate video: Rawlings, Kunkle continue city budget debate 
 Movie Review: “X-Men: First Class” 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidates debate the city budget — by the numbers 
 New yoga studio near Green Spot 
 Police presence keeps last day of school uneventful 
 Wildcat camp season in session 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidates debate the payoff of expensive city projects 
 Get ready for LH 4th of July parade, go for the prize! 
 Town Center is not a town center 
 CANCELED - Ride the Rock Trail Ride, June 4 - Due to a equine virus that is spreading across the country, the Trail Ride has been canceled.
 TIF Board okays more funds for LH Town Center 
 Advocatemag.com Weekly News Summary | Lake Highlands 
 Highlander alum plans Jam For Jackson - Drew Cotten was still a sixth grader at Highlander School in Lake Highlands ... 
 White Rock Boathouse and ‘Learn to Row’ day - If you read the June story about the White Rock rowers preparing for a... 
 Buy tickets early for Dallas Arboretum concerts - Most of the Dallas Arboretum's biweekly Concerts in the Garden hav... 
 Yoga event at NorthPark Center to raise money for Haitian earthquake victims 
 LH Town Center: Are you ready for some Yuppies? - They aren’t built yet, but the upscale apartment homes that Presco... 
 Video: Stults Road Elementary celebrates a big award - Richardson ISD’s Stults Road Elementary School in Lake Highla... 
 Productivity killer: Save the Words - Ninety percent of everything we write uses only 7,000 words, and each     year... 
 Movie Review: “The Hangover Part II” - When the 2009 sleeper hit The Hangover grossed a jaw-dropping $450 million wo... 
 The Rock registration opens June 1, National Running Day - Registration for the Dec. 4, 2011 MetroPCS White Rock Mar... 
 Digital edition: May 2011 - Click here to read the May 2011 issue of the Lake Highlands Advocate.  © Advocate Staff ... 
 Mayor candidate questions: Have any? - Next week, the two mayoral runoff candidates — David Kunkle and Mike Rawlings... 
 Q&A: Musician Cameron Ernst - Lake Highlands resident Ernst, 22, is a musician on a mission. 
 This weekend: bye bye tree, rowing races and memorial day happenings 
 There is no money — why won’t anyone at City Hall listen? - I've been writing about this since 2008. Outside experts... 
 Advocatemag.com Weekly News Summary | Lake Highlands  via 
 Scooter’s Coffeehouse coming to Dallas - The Omaha-based coffeehouse chain, Scooter's Coffeehouse, has announced it'... 
 Say ‘goodbye’ to the Bath House tree - Earth Rhythms, a White Rock-centered group that gathers for seasonal celebrat... 
 Observations on the Town Center meeting - My top ten observations from the Skillman Corridor TIF District Design Rev... 
 Oakley endorses Rawlings; does anyone care? - A better headline: Ed Oakley, a guy no one has ever heard of, endorses... 
 Wine review: Toad Hollow Pinot Noir Rose 2010 - The first time I tasted the Toad Hollow, in those long ago days of n... 
 Congratulations to Rhonda Dugger (330) for guessing closest to the winning number 318! She found an easy way for her and a friend to...
 Lake Highlands podcast: A tale of two unconfirmed grocers - We've penned many of the high points of this morning's m... 
 LH Town Center: No names, no signed agreements for grocery store 
 Don't miss  Barefoot at the Belmont with the Trishas & Deadman next Thursday! Get your tickets now: 
 Win 2 tickets to Hard Nights Day! Guess a number 1-1000 here: 
 LHHS softball fills up All-District group - Lake Highlands High finished the softball season with a District 9-5A Ch... 
 Marvelous Memorial Day Madness at Launa’s Little Library - Lake Highlands’ Launa’s Little Library, 9549 Spring Branc... 
 Carry the Load for real heroes - This Memorial Day, Carry the Load participants will walk around White Rock Lake for... 
 Don't miss  Barefoot at the Belmont with the Trishas & Deadman next Thursday! Get your tickets now: 
 LH Town Center: Tom Thumb landlord created, funded ‘concerned citizens’ effort 
 LHHS baseball players on the 9-5A All-District Team - Seven Lake Highlands High baseball players made it on the Dist... 
 Click here:  and guess 1-1000 to win 1 ticket to Kraig Parker's performance at the Dallas Arboretum on May 24th!
 LH’s Tuan Iang wins full scholarship - While I was on the Lake Highlands High School campus Friday, I happened upon ... 
 City initiates LH Town Center design changes; grocer appears larger 
 The Trinity tollway: A matter of national security - One of the first rules of this business is professionalism. Wha... 
 Meeting about Town Center’s “revised concept plans” Tuesday - Two public meetings regarding the development at Lake ... 
 Productivity killer: How to Survive the Apocalypse - In case you haven't heard, the world is going to end this Satur... 
 Read this week's neighborhood news summary, view weekend events, and enter the weekly news giveaway! 
 Local products from local vendors await you this weekend at the Deep Ellum Outdoor Market. This Saturday, 11am-5pm. 
 Date Night Giveaway! Win 2 tickets to the Taste of Addison!  (Guess a number (1-1000) here: )
 Author of mother/athlete book in Dallas this weekend - I told you that the sport of triathlon was trending these day... 
 Outdoor Family Movie Night tonight at LHE - Looking for some cheap family fun? The Lake Highlands Elementary PTA is ... 
 Ethics reform and the mayor’s race - The question is not whether ethics reform, which former police chief David Kunk... 
 This weekend: Centennial Regatta, Kids Safety Fair and White Rock Stock 
 Police safety fair set Saturday at Northeast substation - The Dallas Police Department presents its annual Kids Safe... 
 Triathlon training center will open at Hillside Village - A 5400-square-foot triathlon coaching and training facilit... 
 Dallas Cup ref makes a splash back home - While he was in town to referee soccer games for Dallas Cup, John Mulligan... 
 Budget cuts will mean fewer cops - Here's something for the two remaining mayoral candidates to ponder: The latest b... 
 Lake Highlands podcast: Mayor matters and restaurant revival 
 Artists & Musicians interested in showing your talents email Valda McClain of Emeritus at Vickery Towers: ⁰VickeryTowers-CRD4
 LHHS athletes prove successful in Fall and Spring - Lake Highlands High kept it in top gear throughout the 2010-2011... 
 RISD avoids teacher layoffs - Over the last few months, Richardson ISD trustees have worked and reworked their budge... 
 Ron Natinsky’s third-place finish - When the mayoral election campaign started this spring, Far North Dallas council... 
 Our very first Town Center newsletter! Video, photos, story: The new Watercrest ... 
 Dallas mayor election: Cost per vote so far - Mike Rawlings, the candidate with the most votes in Saturday's mayoral... 
 Update: Lake Highlands Plaza development - Regarding the retail-to-residential development of Lake Highlands Plaza a... 
 LHHS graduate who has Down syndrome makes the front page - A while back we wrote a story about Nancy Davenport, a La... 
 Seven Cats make All-City baseball list - Each year, baseball coaches from schools in the Richardson ISD nominate pla... 
 LH’s Wilson Gillespie and Trevor Atkins win state lacrosse title 
 UNT covers Dallas neighborhoods - University of North Texas has a reputable journalism program, and its North Texas ... 
 Did voters tell City Hall “We’ve had enough?” - The temptation, in looking at yesterday's council election results, ... 
 Productivity killer: It’s Friday the 13th - So far, it's been a pretty ordinary day. But it's only 2 p.m. on     Fri... 
 LH’s David Bott tapped into Texas Cowboys - Lake Highlands grad David Bott was recently inducted into Texas Cowboys,... 
 Date Night Giveaway! Win 2 tickets to Dallas Children’s Theater's ‘Giggle, Giggle, Quack’ (Guess a number (1-1000) here: )
 Butterfly release Sunday in memory of loved ones - This Sunday, May 15 marks the annual spring Butterfly Release at ... 
 Check out this week's LH Advocate newsletter! 
 Your weekly news summary and weekend calendar - Advocatemag.com Newsletter | Lake Highlands  
 The Advocate is once again a proud sponsor of the Swiss Ave Mother's Day Home Tour. Get your tickets now & save $5! 
 Date Night Giveaway! Win 2 tickets to the White Rock Home Tour. (Guess a number (1-1000) here: )
 Go see the BlockCamp QR Code Project at the White Rock Centennial this weekend. 
 Date Night Giveaway! Win 2 tickets to the Cavanaugh Flight Museum. (Guess a number (1-1000) here: )
 Looks like Melody Caraway (109) is the winner of 2 tickets to The Frog Prince at the Dallas Children's Theater. 
 Date Night Giveaway! Win 2 tickets to The Frog Prince at the Dallas Children's Theater. (Guess a number (1-1000) here: )
 Buy your brick now to be part of the Pave The Way campaign for Comerica White Rock Lake Centennial Celebration: www.whiterockdallas.org
 Comerica White Rock Lake Centennial is kicking off- check out the website for ideas on what’s going on this weekend: whiterockdalls.org
 Looking for a gift that will last forever? Check out the Comerica White Rock Lake Centennial Celebration's 'Pave The Way' 
 Happy 'Texas Independence Day', an official Texas state holiday. 
 LHHS wrestlers make date with State | Advocate Magazine  via 
 VIDEO | COVER STORY: Read/watch the redemption stories of three LH neighbors in our cover story: 
 Just sent the March issue off to the printer. Look for it on  your doorstep, or a shop near you, early next week.
 Wildcats boys basketball has tall task against Lakeview Centennial | Advocate Magazine  via 
 KXT 91.7 FM brings you the best in acoustic, alt-country, indie rock, alternative & world music on the radio & online. 
 LHHS boys basketball elevates game for play-in win | Advocate Magazine  via 
 Wildcats win 95-57. Check out the blog for playoff match-ups and more!
 LH has been up by as many as 42, they lead 85-47 due to two big rainbow 3's by Richardson's Malcolm Oaks.
 LH leads 74-36 heading into the fourth quarter. Impressive work in the play-in game. What can they do in a playoff against a number 1?
 LH leads by 36 in the third quarter. Is it safe yet to say it?
 Even LH fans are shaking their heads in amazement at how Bingham scores, he's scored 6 of the last eight, Cats up 58-32.
 LH's been shooting around since a minute after half started. Wylie must have said "you know what to do" when the went to the locker room.
 Wildcats lead 44-27 at halftime. They look very good defensively right now.
 Richardson's Torrance Carr just shook the house with a rim-rockin two-hand jam, Wildcats lead 44-27 though.
 The Wildcats and Eagles are playing in Ram Country...my son says "it's kinda like a zoo in here"
 LHHS getting huge play from it's stars. Wildcats lead 35-17 with 5:24 left in the first half.
 Tony Pikes has the hot hand from 3...all black uni's on LHHS looks sweet.
 Wildcats take a 25-12 lead into 2nd qtr. Huge defensive effort at the end of the first! Wildcats look confident.
 Tony Pikes and Trey Bingham hit back-to-back 3's to push the lead to 8, then Bingham went open to the rack, James Lonergan with a huge block
 Richardson had already missed a few from the charity stripe, LH up 14-12. Wildcats are struggling to find easy shots late in the first qtr
 LHHS controlling the boards early, Bungham has 3 and Stell has 2 points Wildcats lead Eagles 11-5
 This is Cory Mageors out at Berkner High. We have LHHS and Richardson pairing up for the final 9-5A playoff spot. I'll have frequent updates
 Lake Highlands High and Richardson High square off at Berkner for the final 9-5A playoff spot tonight. Cory Mageors will tweet all the goods
 Visit www.artandseek.org each Wednesday to find out what the week’s Big Deal Giveaway is.  
 Tomorrow & Monday - Valentine's Day Giveaway Extravaganza! Great prizes from local shops, restaurants & Dallas favorites. 
 <3 British comedies on KERA TV? Read Bill Young’s BritCom blog & keep up with the latest news, schedules & more. 
 New free KERA Public Radio App Listen to KERA 90.1 live, pause & rewind live audio, view program schedule and more. 
 DISD will be closed tomorrow (Friday).
 Immunity from old age? Susan Jacoby discusses her new book on Boomers & aging Thurs 2/3  noon on KERA 90.1-Think. 
 Visit www.artandseek.org each Wednesday to find out what the week’s Big Deal Giveaway is.
 New free KERA Public Radio App Listen to KERA 90.1 live, pause & rewind live audio, view program schedule and more. 
 It's Wednesday Wineday! Click here:  and guess 1-1000 to win this vin!
 List your event for FREE & search for awesome local events that you never knew were happening. 
 A new Advocate Facebook page just for Lake Highlands! www.facebook.com/lakehighlandsadvocate
 Visit www.artandseek.org each Wednesday to find out what the week’s Big Deal Giveaway is.
 Attention Photographers: White Rock Lake Conservancy is holding Photo Contest to Celebrate
 Do you get the Advocate weekly e-newsletter? Get a summary of the week's neighborhood news & the new weekly contest. 
 Stop by the Advocate Headquarters (8th floor of the Wells Fargo building in Lakewood) and donate your adult & kids coats to Family Gateway.
 FREE KXT Public Music Radio App - Listen to KXT 91.7 live, pause and rewind live audio, view the program schedule & more. 
 Clowns, pony rides & dogs OH MY! Just part of the family fun at the 43rd Capital One Bank Dallas YMCA Turkey Trot. Sign up www.thetrot.org
 Pilgrims, Indians, dogs dressed as turkeys – where else but the 43rd Capital One Bank Dallas YMCA Turkey Trot. Run it! www.thetrot.org
 Your news fix for the day - Tune to 90.1  for Morning Edition. Late-risers, don’t fret. All Things Considered  
 Biggest Thanksgiving party in town? Gather the gang and run the 43rd Capital One Bank Dallas YMCA Turkey Trot. Sign up now www.thetrot.org
 Do you like Etsy? Then don't miss this event TODAY! 
 Whether 8 miles or 5K - round up the fam & register for Thanksgiving fun.
 Two Stars tickets and a parking pass for tonight's game being given away to a lucky reader. 
 Do you like Etsy? Then don't miss this event! 
 Grab Grandma,the kids & the dog - register now for the 43rd Capital One Bank Dallas YMCA Turkey Trot. Don’t miss family fun! www.thetrot.org
 OPEN HOUSE - THE LAB  LH - "Get Your Geek On" party NOV 18, 4-8PM - Kids explore science in a real laboratory! www.thelabdallas.com
 2011 Advocate Foundation Ornament Contest - Local Painters Only | All Ages Welcome - 
 Mish-Mash Monday Giveaway starts now by offering up a $20 giftcard to T.Hee Greetings & Gifts. - 
 Sign up for the free Art&Seek newsletter and enter to win museum memberships and concert and theater tickets: 
 Spend Thanksgiving w/ your 40,000 closest friends! Join the fun - 43rd Capital One Bank Dallas YMCA Turkey Trot. Sign up now www.thetrot.org
 FREE Concert - Mu Phi Epsilon at the Dallas Public Library 1515 Young St, Dallas Saturday 3pm, First Floor Auditorium. - 
 Question of the Month for the Dec issue! Go to our FB page and tell us: What was your favorite 'hood event of 2010? 
 What the  is a TurDucHen? - TONIGHT, Answer this question plus Sampling, Sangria & Savings. 1-9pm. 8530 Abrams Royal behind Starbucks.
 OPEN HOUSE - THE LAB  LH - "Get Your Geek On" party NOV 18, 4-8PM - Kids explore science in a real laboratory! www.thelabdallas.com
 Start ur Thanksgiving right – join the fun with the running of the 43rd Capital One Bank Dallas YMCA Turkey Trot  Sign up www.thetrot.org.
 FREE Concert - Mu Phi Epsilon at the Dallas Public Library 1515 Young St, Dallas Saturday 3pm, First Floor Auditorium. - 
 TrueBeautyRx hosts SkinMedica Open House Thurs, Nov 9th 5:30-8:30, benefiting North Texas Food bank. Bring 4 canned goods. 6224 La Vist Dr.
 43rd Capital One Bank Dallas YMCA Turkey Trot, turkey with the fam & the Cowboys, what a better way to spent Thanksgiving? www.thetrot.org
 Mel Brooks' Young Frankenstein at the Winspear Opera House. Use the code "ADVOCATE" to get any ticket for $50! 
 Sneak peek for TONIGHT's William Lipscomb Elementary PTA annual silent auction — 7pm  Times Ten Cellars (6324 Prospect). 
 Want to advertise in the Advocate's December issue? We hand deliver to 200,000 homes + racks & businesses DEADLINE 11/9 - 
 What’s ur Thanksgiving plans?  Join the fun at the 43rd Capital One Bank Dallas YMCA Turkey Trot. Don’t wait sign up now www.thetrot.org
 FREE Concert - Mu Phi Epsilon at the Dallas Public Library 1515 Young St, Dallas Saturday 3pm, First Floor Auditorium. - 
 Our November issue is out! Click here for the latest stories, videos and photos: 
 Counting calories?  Eat what you want after joining the 43rd Capital One Bank Dallas YMCA Turkey Trot. Sign up now www.thetrot.org
 Wednesday Wineday Giveaway today on Advocate Facebook! - 
 <3 British television comedies on KERA TV? Read Bill Young’s BritCom blog - keep up on the latest news, schedules & more 
 Relatives in town- what to do?  Join the fun at City Plaza for the 43rd Capital One Bank Dallas YMCA Turkey Trot. www.thetrot.org
 Thanks to Capital One Bank. Great Title Sponsor & community partner for the Y Turkey Trot. Be sure to Check them out. www.Capitalonebank.com
 5th International Book Fair on Saturday, Oct 23rd from 10 - 5 p.m. FREE event promotes love for books, reading & writing. 
 FREE Concert - Mu Phi Epsilon at the Dallas Public Library 1515 Young St, Dallas Saturday 3pm, Fourth Floor Gallery. - 
 Looking for something to do? Walk Wag and Run TOMORROW from 8 am to noon at Doctors Hospital at White Rock Lake.  walkwagandrun.org
 This week's LHHS Q&A and video profile is David Green: ; read the LHHS vs. Jesuit game preview here: 
 Oct 23 at 7pm, join KXT 91.7’s Paul Slavens at Art Conspiracy 6. Live music and art from 150 area artists. 
 Dallas’ way to begin Thanksgiving day- Capital One Bank Dallas YMCA Turkey Trot. Sign up now  www.thetrot.org
 You have til 9 tonight to vote for highlights of Friday's LHHS vs. Jesuit matchup to air on FOX 4 Sports! 
 Get an extra wear out of your kids' Halloween costumes! Walk Wag and Run on Oct 23rd from 8 am to noon.  walkwagandrun.org
 5 more weeks & 40,000+ people will take off at the 43rd Capital One Bank Dallas YMCA Turkey Trot. Don’t be left at the line. www.thetrot.org
 Did you know that you can get a weekly summery of all of the neighborhood news delivered to your inbox? Just click here 
 Check out video highlights, crowd shots & interviews from Friday night's close Berkner vs. LHHS game here: .
 Start a family tradition! Sign up 4 the 43rd Capital One Bank Dallas YMCA Turkey Trot.  www.thetrot.org . Dallas’ way 2 begin Thanksgiving.
 New free KERA Public Radio App allows you to listen to KERA 90.1 live, pause & rewind live audio, see schedules & more - 
 FREE Concert - Mu Phi Epsilon at the Dallas Public Library 1515 Young St, Dallas Saturday 3pm, First Floor Auditorium. - 
 Neighborhood Ebby Halliday offices celebrate their 65th year with a collection of quirky videos. Be sure to view & vote! 
 Triple-shot: Check out video & a fun Q&A with LHHS player Tre Stewart, along w/ links to game preview & live chat: 
 Have your Halloween costume yet? Show it off! Adults, kids & dogs!  Walk Wag &Run on Oct 23. Use WWRTWEET for a discount. walkwagandrun.org
 Tried World Piece Cafe? This deal found online - $10 for $20 worth of food  Watel’s WORLD PIECE Café on Greenville -  
 ADVOCATE FRIDAY DATE NIGHT GIVEAWAY TIME! - 2 tickets to the Stars vs. St. Louis Blues this Sat. 7pm. Guess a number here 
 I.b.C. 1 year anniversary party tonight! Wine, INCREDIBLE home decor & fabrics, food from the Grape, drawings & everything is 40% off!!!!
 Have u and ur family registered yet for the 43rd Capital One Bank Dallas YMCA Turkey Trot? Don’t be left out of the fun.  www.thetrot.org
 Bike to City Hall is this Friday. Meet  Union Station by 8:10AM leave for City Hall  8:25AM. More info at 
 LHHS Theatre presents Les Miserables Oct. 14. Thurs. at 7 p.m., Sat. at 2 p.m. & 7 p.m. Tickets at door: General $8, Student $5
 Friday nite is the rival Bernker vs. LHHS smackdown! Join us for our high school football live chat during the game here: 
 Fun for you and your four-legged friends! Walk Wag and Run dog agility course on Oct 23rd. Use WWRTWEET for a discount. walkwagandrun.org
 Check out video, post-game analysis and the chat transcript from LHHS' 62-0 blowout against Sunset High: 
 Search for awesome neighborhood events or list your own local event for FREE on AdvocateMag.com. 
 Interested in know what’s going on in the local arts scene? Visit artandseek.org, an amazing site devoted to the arts. 
 Happy 10/10/10! Hope you have a perfect day!
 Join Cory on the blog starting at 7ish for a live chat during the LHHS vs. Sunset High game: .
 FREE Concert - Mu Phi Epsilon at the Dallas Public Library 1515 Young St, Dallas Saturday 3pm, First Floor Auditorium. - 
 Find out what's going on in the neighborhood this weekend. AdvocateMag.com lists 100's of events right in your back yard. 
 Walk Wag and Run in two weeks! Have you registered? Use WWRTWEET for a discount. walkwagandrun.org
 Register for the 2010 YMCA Turkey Trot 5K and 8 mile race on the blog, right here: .
 Find out what's going on in the neighborhood this weekend. AdvocateMag.com lists 100's of events right in your back yard. 
 Don't miss the I.b.C 1 Year Anniversary Party on Greenville. RSVP by Friday: isabellacollection - 
 5K and 10K at White Rock Lake for a great cause! Walk Wag and Run on Oct 23rd! Use WWRTWEET for a discount. walkwagandrun.org
 Check out Cory & Ben's video highlights of LHHS homecoming night: 
 Art&Seek has a new e-newsletter packed with giveaways. Sign up here: 
 FREE Concert - Mu Phi Epsilon at the Dallas Public Library 1515 Young St, Dallas Saturday 3pm, First Floor Auditorium. - 
 Fun for you and your four-legged friends! Walk Wag and Run dog agility course on Oct 23rd. Use WWRTWEET for a discount. walkwagandrun.org
 It's LHHS homecoming weekend! Join Cory for his live chat during the game against W.T. White tonight at 7:30: .
 Check out Ben & Cory's video interview with injured LHHS senior linebacker Roderick Mackey: .
 Still time to train for the Walk Wag and Run races on Oct 23rd! Use WWRTWEET for a discount. walkwagandrun.org
 Early registration for the 2010 Long Run on Thursday October 7th, ends TODAY Sept 28th! Register today! -   or at Run On.
 Lake Highlands Plaza is now under contract: .
 Get LHHS Homecoming info right here: .
 Video: Watch scenes from Thursday night's LHHS vs. Samuell High football game: .
 Interested in know what’s going on in the local arts scene? Visit artandseek.org, an amazing site devoted to the arts. 
 Check out Ben's video from the LHHS vs. Samuell football game this past Thursday: 
 FREE Concert - Mu Phi Epsilon at the Dallas Public Library 1515 Young St, Dallas Saturday 3pm, First Floor Auditorium. - 
 Sept 26 - Free cooking class at Williams-Sonoma - 'Fall Baking'  RSVP: 
 FREE classes butterflies, chickens, daylilies, fall color & container gardens. North Haven Garden's Fabulous Fall Event Sat & Sun - nhg.com
 Museum Day - Sept 25. Free Entry to museums in Dallas with a Museum Day Ticket. Get yours free here - 
 LHHS football won last night's game vs. Samuell High! Read Cory's post-game wrap-up here: . We'll have video Monday.
 Check out our Wine Curmudgeon, Jeff, on Channel 11 news at 6:14 p.m. this evening talking about Texas wines at the State Fair.
 Night Out  Central Library in downtown Dallas: "Vampire's Realm of Darkness" Thurs, Sept 23, 6:30 PM - 
 FREE Acting Workshops - ages 13 -19. Sept 25, 1-3 pm - Intro to Acting, Basic Performance Skills, Scene & performance - 
 October magazine is here! Read the digital issue or the online stories: 
 Walk Wag and Run is 1 month away! Running, dogs, families, fun! Use WWRTWEET for a discount. walkwagandrun.org
 New video of LHHS football offensive line: , & join us for the live chat during tonight's game here: .
 Early registration for the 2010 Long Run on Thursday October 7th, ends Sept 28th! Register today! -   or at Run On.
 Thursday October 7th, 2010 gives you the opportunity to get in a run & help your neighborhood school at the Long Run. - .
 Art&Seek has a new e-newsletter packed with giveaways. Sign up here: 
 FYI: Our video interview with LHHS football defensive end & head coach posts early Mon morn on the blog: . Happy weekend!
 Sept 19 - Free cooking class at Williams-Sonoma - 'Indoor Grilling'  RSVP: 
 Hey! If you need to register to vote come by the Advocate Office and pick up a registration form. They are free for the taking!
 FREE Acting Workshops - ages 13 -19. Sept 18, 1-3 pm - Intro to Acting, Basic Performance Skills, Scene & performance - 
 Night Out  Central Library in downtown Dallas: Hooray for Hollywood-Dallas' Historic Theaters Thurs, Sept 16, 6:30 PM  - 
 Happy 55th! Get your FREE waffle at your local Waffle House! Print out the coupon here -   (good until Sept. 17)
 DFW residents can recycle their used electronic devices for free in Lewisville on Sat, Sept. 11. Receive a coupon for $25 off LG products.
 Free “For Your Health” Event at Dallas Farmers Market – Sept 11, 9am-1pm  Get the skinny on healthy eating for the whole family.
 LHHS sports summary: Volleyball wins home opener ; football loses home opener . Analysis Monday.
 September Everything Market 8am-1 at the Green Spot  702 N. Buckner Blvd. From food to clothes, they really do sell everything.
 Football live chat tonight  7pm during the LHHS Wildcats' first home game! 2 bits, 4 bits, rah rah rah! 
 Sept 12 - Free cooking class at Williams-Sonoma - 'How to make Risotto' RSVP: 
 It's Advocate Date Night Giveaway time. Enjoy some of this amazing weather with a $20 Free Play Card from Speed Zone! 
 Come out from 6–8pm, bring your blanket, and enjoy some great free jazz concerts at the Dallas Museum of Art. Tonight: John Lewis Trio
 Deadline week. Hustle bustle! Every one is moving. People going in and out, reporters having interviews, people typing, phones ringing...
 Are you ready for some LHHS football!! Live-chat with Cory during the 1st home game of the season this Friday  7 pm: 
 It is Wednesday Wineday, and because our readers are the sweetest, we have a Cupcake Shiraz to give away today. Go to FB 
 Interested in know what’s going on in the local arts scene? Visit artandseek.org, an amazing site devoted to the arts. 
 Pop those laptops, Lake Highlands. Cory starts the Friday night football chat at 7 p.m. and kickoff is at 7:30. 
 Advocate Friday Date Night Giveaway! $20 gift cards to Asian Mint! (3 winners) Go to  and guess to win!
 It's Friday night football again! Join Cory tomorrow at 7 for live-chatting during the LHHS vs. Mesquite Horn game here: 
 Gotten your news fix today? Tune in to 90.1 - 5am for Morning Edition. Late-risers don’t fret. All Things Considered 4pm. 
 Cory begins live-chatting from the LHHS vs. Mesquite ftball game at 7 p.m. here: . Woot!
 Join us for live-blogging and -chatting during the LHHS vs Mesquite game Friday night at 7:30 right here: 
 Don't forget tonight is the True Beauty Rx Open House 5-8pm. Come for the food & wine stay for the raffles & giveaways! 
 45min left to guess a number for today's Wednesday Wineday FB Giveaway.
 Join our wine guy, Jeff Siegel, for a live wine chat today at 3 p.m. here: . He'll chat about - eek! - screwcap wines.
 In school? Need an internship? Social media, web development, event planning, & marketing internships. 2 openings. mmoore
 Special Advocate Reader Discount for True Beauty Rx in Lakewood: . Also don't forget the open house party this Wed. 5-9pm.
 Art&Seek has a new e-newsletter packed with giveaways. Sign up here: 
 FINAL TALLY: 6,1,9,3,10,7,4,2,5,8 Congratulations to all of the finalists! Have a great weekend and you can pick up your prizes on Monday.
 UPDATE: One more hour to go before the end of the T-Shirt Contest. Vote Now!  Stats here: 
 T-Shirt Contest Update: 6,1,9,3,10,7,2,4,5,8 The votes are so close they squeak! 
 Suspect with stolen car has been apprehended by police after crashing through a gate at Love Field. 
 UPDATE: There has been an upset in the voting! New standings are as follows: 6,1,3+9(tie),7,10,4,2,5+8(tie) Voting is very close...
 T-shirt contest update-In ranking order, starting with the leader: 1,6,3,9,4,7,2,10,5&8 tie. Places are separated by just a few points....
 REVISION! T-shirt contest update-In ranking order, starting with the leader: 1,6,9,3,2,7,10,5,4,8. Be sure to vote for your favorite...
 Shop Local - TrueBeautyRx Obagi Open House Aug 25th - Advocate Exclusive -15% off any Obagi purchase - Skin Brightening Peel $100...
 T-shirt contest update-In ranking order, starting with the leader: 1, 6,3,2,7,10,5,4,8. Be sure to vote for your favorite t-shirts before...
 The Advocate T-shirt Contest Top Ten Finalists are up and ready for your vote. 
