 Cute idea!  take note RT   had a skinnygirl bar at our last party w sign: drink these & u can have dessert
 So much eating  BLU!       Love it!
 Who's ready for  BLU event?!  
 RT  "before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing o ...
 Could this weather be any more perfect?  
     Good idea!! See you in a few hours :)
 In between meetings calls for some quality pool time with 
 You're checking Twitter which gives me hope that you're alive 
   such a cute pic!
 Champagne and great people watching 
 Drinks  Perfect night under the "stars"  
 Front row seat  with  
 Literally ate the entire menu  Now onto 
 Pre dinner 
  so nice meeting you yesterday! Hope the rest of your restaurant hopping afternoon went well :)
  is looking for a PR Intern. DM me for details!
  onion dip gets me everytime.
 Hope we get a night like this on Thursday!     
  Have fun! Day drinking is the best :)
  Those are  fav chips! We buy at least one bag a week.
 Bolognese is in the oven! Can't wait for dinner tonight.
  Have fun! Napa is life changing.
   Great neighborhood spot (even in a monsoon) and even better to see you! Xo
 Ready to brunch it up this morning with   Red velvet pancakes here we come!
 I could win a profiterole eating contest at Francesca's North.
  you have so many choices ;)
   Making the sangria as we speak! 
 Just cost me $6 to park on the street in River North 
 Hoping the weather stays clear for our picnic tonight!  
  safe travels! Wow I'd be popping Xanax right about now!
 Spent my day at two Mexican restaurants so that would explain my craving for dinner  
 This run is not going to be pretty... 
 Enjoying music into the evening- Brad Cole and Dick Prall.   
 Vittles just keep in coming out- BBQ brisket and jalapeño Mac and cheese. YUM. 
 On to the BBQ pork sandwich another  vittle
 Quesadillas and shrimp po boy  The food just keeps getting better.
 Loving the sweet potato fries with seasoned sour cream 
 Can't wait for the opening event  tonight! Beer, bands and barbeque in our near future 
 Can't wait! RT  Quick trip to Milwaukee tonight for opening of  So excited to see  and my Mom! 
 Funny to see that Subway now had a BBQ pulled pork sandwich 
    Sorry I missed you gals. Hope we can reschedule soon!!
 Finishing dinner with berry trifle, chocolate cream pie, mint chocolate chip ice cream and cookie dough ice cream  
 Steak tartare, burrata and shrimp cocktail  All incredible as always.
 Family dinner  Ready to order it up Joseph style.
 RT  Help us get to 100 followers before we open on Thursday! Please RT!
  me too! Can't wait for Fri.
  love the new pic! Miss your face.
  Yes. We were actually just talking about you.
 Enjoying a fresh piece of salmon with avocado, spinach and tomatoes on the gorgeous patio at Fred's.
 Sitting outside having lunch at Fred's at Barney's. Gorgeous day and feeling very posh.
  Stripburger
 Is anyone else's Twitter not working? I can only send :)
 Great way to finish off some crab legs is with key lime pie, cherry cobbler and raspberry pie 
  I'll take care of your mother if you take care of the American flag.
 Pound and a half of king crab legs  on the way...!
 Spicy rock shrimp po boy and short rib sandwich at Sable. All washed down with a grapefruit pomegranate lemonade!
 Watch out Chicago- The Miller Josephs are in for 48 hrs of eating and shopping! Let the games begin.  
  a very exciting week indeed! Can't wait for MKE! 
 Ordered way too much food but loving everything  Shredded pork with chives, fish soup, Lo mein, crunchy garlic shrimp...Mmm
 Roadtrip to Barrington with good friends! Dinner  and then the movies.
  it was pretty hilarious :) see you Wed!
 Ha! Love the Pedal Pub on Division. Great idea.
 Who knew lunch could have such gorgeous presentations!   
 So hungry! Ready to eat up  Mexican brunch style.
 Couldn't decide btwn the vanilla pound cake and the chocolate mint mousse so our server brought out both. Thanks 
 Literally licking the plates  The scallops and beef loin are incredible. Love all the fresh and local produce.
 Ordered and amazing!! RT   make sure you have the crispy carnaroli rice tonight!!!
  has always been a fav spot of mine. Excited to check it out Vivrant style. Any menu recs?
 Just made a reso at the new Hugo's Frog Bar at the Rivers Casino. Excited to check out the space and play some slots!
 Can't wait for dinner tonight  Thanks  for making my day...well, week :*
 Sounds like a fun night to me!! I'll be in Mon for din!  RT  Back  expecting maybe too many people for dinner. Love it!
 Time to hike up the AC and turn the oven on for a few hours. Braised pork shoulder carnitas here we come!
 Congrats to The Good Wife on all their Emmy noms!
 Good thing the ESPYs are on :)  RT  This is one of the only few days of the year that is no major sport being played.
  good choice Bri! Love  Hope you guys had a delic bday dinner!
 Always have rice krispies, marshmallows and butter handy so u can whip up a batch of rice krispie treats upon craving 
  You should probably get on this... :) RT  We still have 2 dozen vanilla and 1 dozen chestnut. No line
 Happy birthday to a fellow foodie and sun devil  Can't wait to celebrate over red velvet pancakes!
  congrats!
 Ever since I had the mango lassi  I've been craving it! Made my own version w mango puree, vanilla yogurt and ice. YUM
   wish we would've ordered dessert tonight. I'm about to dig into my freezer for some ice cream! 
   you too! Such a fun night and so great meeting you. Looking forward to what's ahead!
 Loving the salmon teriyaki  I could drink the teriyaki sauce! LOL
 Ha love it! RT  Check out the "Lobster Art" RT  Chef ur spoiling us rotten   yfrog.com/klzfwoij
 Getting spoiled  Lobster tempura with wasabi aioli and Yuzu  
 I'm so picky about ginger salads and  officially has my favorite one in the city.
 Cabbies, it's 95 in Chicago. Turn your AC on!!!!  
 Still thinking about lunch  Loved the samosas, grilled eggplant and chickpea ceviche. Can't wait to go back!
 Excited for a healthy gals catch up lunch  with  and 
 Glad to be home and excited for a big pasta dinner with  
  Here I come! Vanilla milkshake in minus 10 miles.
 RT   and  announce they will be live tweeting from their grand openings tomorrow Monday, July 11
 My trip to Indy is now complete- late night pizza and breadsticks from Hot Box Pizza!
 RT   features what to drink at Roka Akor: 
 On to DQ. Another fav.  
 I can't get enough of hibachi dinner- lobster, steak, shrimp, scallops and chicken. Plus fried rice, ginger salad....oh man...
  Aren't they gorgeous restos?!? Hope you can stop by soon to dine. Ttys!
  have fun tonight! I won't be there but lookout for 
 Still thinking about the beef tataki with truffles and the ribeye with truffle and wasabi aioli from  last night. Killer meal.
 Just had the meal of the year 
 Who's ready for a shochu cocktail   
 Incredible lunch at the new  The lamb chops, chili shrimp, and tandori wings are musts!
 Crazy day means crazy yummy dinner at Marcello's. Yep fried chicken and pizza.
 Who knew 6:30 would be rush hour at FedEx Office 
 Love that I can sit out on my balcony and watch hundreds of firework shows 
 Best Chinese Chicken Salad at Stir Crazy. Gotta add the roasted cashews...Mmm.
 Thanks  for coming to the rescue! Last minute cake and iced cookies for the fam. Can't wait.
 Pool party and taco lunch with    
 The captain says come hang out if u bring pie! RT   Do I need to boat over and deliver a Shaw's Key Lime Pie?!?
 On a boat eating  cherry pie and fireworks are about to begin!! 
   
 Perfect day to open a bottle of Franciscan Limited Edition Fountain Court right from Napa  
 Picking up my favorite cherry pie  for a boat outing tonight!!
  Happy Birthday!!!! So much to celebrate this year! Have a great day and see you poolside tomorrow :)
  Boo is right. Well hope your plan b works out even better!
  Aw! Reminds me of last summer ;)
 Still thinking about that soft shell crab sandwich.... RT  Tried  for the first time. Amazing food! Back soon!
 Don't know how I've never been to Big & Little's. Amaze soft shell crab sand, truffle fries, crab tostada and fish taco  
 Anyone been to Big & Little's? Excited to check out this River North gem I've been hearing about.
 I have a feeling my holiday weekend wont start until tomorrow.
   You are going to have a happy wife tonight!!
 Can't believe it's July 1!!! 
  are you back in Chi?!
 Hard to tell the difference between the lightening and everyone taking pictures of the lightening from their condos 
 Hail storm!!!  
 Wow crazy summer storm hitting downtown Chicago
  I may never look at you the same!
  have a great trip!! Are you coming back?
  the iced sugar cookies  are the BEST!
 Making ahi tuna steak sandwiches with ginger mayo and stir fried veggies!
 So is it safe to say I can bring my winter coats to the dry cleaner?
  It was fabulous! Great carne asada tacos. Thanks for the tweet.
 My leftover taco from Botanas in Milwaukee is starring me in the face! Loving Mexican restaurant central in MKE!
 RT  Follow MJPR's new client  opening soon in the historic Walker's Point in Milwaukee. Booze, Bands and BBQ!
 Tuned into Irv Miller  with all the updates 
 An after  yearly tradition- dinner at Sushi Toro!!
  still going! 3 hours later! Best party in the city!  
 Amazing day for the  And best view ever!  
 This drive back to the city just got a whole lot better   
 Build your own burger gets me everytime! Went with bison and all the fixins'  in Deerfield.
 Ahh a few hours of quiet to play a round of golf with 
 Cookie dough ice cream and warm brownies to complete this delicious dinner 
 Having an amazing dinner  Steak tartare, burrata, beet salad, ribeye, gnocchi, roast chicken, frites, blackened cauliflower....OMG
 Thunder From Down Under...wow...that's all I have to say is wow!
 Getting ready to see Thunder Down Under tonight...ow ow! Feel like it's my bahelorette party all over again. 
 Look at my nephew at Cars 2 today. We are SO related! Xo  RT  JuJu is ready for Cars 2. twitpic.com/5g7oeq
  how did the boys like Cars 2? Were they sooo cute?
 Thx! Lv u guys!  RT  Badass Customer         
 Congrats to the BEST hotdogs in the country! RT  wanted to announce this ourselves  beat us to it. tinyurl.com/5tztz4q
  how was your lunch?! Good to see you. Love 
 Whew! Busy Friday. Off to  for a boost!
 Thx! LOL RT  It's Friiiiday (singing)         
 TY! RT           
 Great pics from  bday!       
  ha! Cute pic. Were you at the Cell last night? We should've met up for a snack!
  is hoppin. Perfect night for the windows that open up to the bar. 
 Ok last course  and it's delicious- Chicken mole w rice and potatoes and both are covered w queso fresco! 
 Check out the strawberry mole next to the chile relleno  Delicious!  
 Hot date with   enjoying a gorgeous taco flight!  
 Scallop and shrimp ceviche over guacamole  is amazing!!! Topped with an edible orchid!
 ME! Can't wait for dinner! RT  2 hours till our tequila extravaganza begins! Who's joining us for our tequila dinner tonight?!
  I was thinking that last night with my huge waffle cone and soft serve! :)
   LOVE that pic! Aw thanks for sending!
 RT  Join  and  for a gala event with  and  Visit...  ...
  Dysons are AMAZING! I'm never going back to any others. 
 Wow lots of rivalry at the Cubs/Sox game! Glad I opted with a white shirt! 
 Getting dirty with  over a brisket cheesesteak sandwich and Corona at Bacardi on the Park.
 RT  Announcing our Opening Charity Gala with  and  Tickets on sale now: 
 LOL   RT  did that before i went yesterday RT:  Googled concessions at the Cell. Carny food at the game tnight.
  I was hoping you'd be at the Cell this year! Yippee!
 Yes, I just Googled concessions at the Cell. Can't wait for carny food at the game tonight. 
 Can't wait! Fingers crossed! RT  Cubs/Sox game tonight with  I hope it doesn't rain...again!
 Loved both!  RT   don't you just LOVE the Beet and Goat Cheese Salad? :) gotta have the Chopped Salad though!
   SO good seeing you! Can't wait for our grill out. Xo
  Ah! Cute profile pic. Hope you had fuuunn.
 Mmm can't wait for  tonight! Excited to try the roasted beet and goat cheese salad...with a side of chopped salad :)
 RT  Announcing Roka Akor and Bombay Spice Charity Gala with the CharitaBulls and Greater Chicago Food Depository!  ...
 Watching  highlight two of my favs- Kuma's Mac and cheese and Michael's cheese fries. This is so unfair!!!...mmm
  great meeting you on Saturday finally! You are so sweet!!
 Parents grilling up porterhouses for the family. Can't wait to dig in!  
 Mmm love me some 
  had the BEST time. You are a rockstar. Xo
 O what a night!          
 Wow  is PACKED!!
 Sixteen Candles playing at Studio Paris and this crowd is going crazy!!! 80's fun!! 
   how fabulous is this?! Nice meeting you.
 Studio Paris is incredible! Beautiful space, so chic and even better rose bubbly. 
  they look like the perfect KU red!
  my guess is, if there good, you'll be getting them again within the month.
 OMG please save me one. RT  Anyone tried these off brand red velvet twinkies? twitpic.com/5di7rn
 Perfect night for cocktails on my balcony with friends before heading to Studio Paris for  birthday bash!!
   yes, it's delicious!! Sushi and entrees are all really good.
  miss you at the pool (aka Cancun) lately!
 Touchdown  Career change?
 Up early to watch  play in Charles Tillman's celeb football game w  I'm eyeing Kim & Scott's pretzels on the sideline!
 Chicken sandwich and spicy chicken wrap mediocre  but the waffle fries and vanilla milkshake are killer!
 Anyone know how the line is now  My hubby is taking me there for dinner tonight. Yes I can be a  once in awhile ;)
 Wow just walked through  and  Absolutely stunning restaurants. Can't wait for the openings in a few weeks.
   ha, I remember that!! Oh Jen...
 Wow what a day and it's only 10:30...
