 RT  Stocks rally at the open, with the Dow surging more than 120 points, as investors await a final vote on the debt ceiling deal.
 RT  What a great weekend in the sun! Catch up on your Mon AM headlines, latest on  ceiling & weather forecast  ...
 RT  TRAFFIC ALERT: 2 car crash on Hwy. 20 at Old Bend-Redmond - injuries reported.
 Hwy. 20 will remain closed in both direction until 8:00 this morning. A 26 year old  man crashed into a power pole around 12:30AM
 TRAFFIC ALERT: Hwy. 20 to remain closed east of Pilot Butte until 8AM. A crash sent power lines across the highway. Details on 
 RT  BREAKING: Hwy. 20 closed in Both directions on the east side off Pilot Butte. Car has taken out a power pole. Catch the  ...
 Fire crews have arrived on scene on NW Ithaca - reporting nothing showing will be investigating - we have a reporter on the way.
 BREAKING: Structure fire at Ithaca and 13th  - Report of a woodstove on fire - hearing flames reaching the ceiling.
 NEW POLL:  Who do you feel made their case better on resolving the deficit stalemate? Let us know this morning www.ktvz.com
 RT  The NFL and players have reached a deal to end the lockout, AP says, citing two people familiar with the talks
 We are live this morning from the Old Mill for Balloons over  Bob Shaw has your launch forecast live this morning on 
 RT  Bombshell news:  fires his caddy of 13 yrs, Steve Williams. KTVZ sat down w/ Williams in  overn ...
 RT  Caddie Steve Williams, part-time Sunriver resident, talks about his firing by Tiger Woods 
 A lot going on this AM! Hear more from Tiger Woods caddy after he was fired, search resumes for missing man on the Deschutes, & Sunny WX!
 BREAKING: Deschutes, Jefferson, & Wasco Co. now under a small stream flood advisory until 8:15 this morning.
 Lower Deschutes Searched As Fearful Family Waits 
 Bend Transient Sentenced in 2008 Stabbing 
 RT  Team set out amazing adventure in the Washington and Oregon Cascades details on  
 Good Morning Central Oregon! We're ready to rock this morning! See you in a few min on 
 Casey Anthony due in court for sentencing on 4 counts of lying to police. Watch live NOW AT SUNRISE
 RT  NEW AT SUNRISE: Just coming in to the newsroom - we now know the names of the two men killed in separate crashes  ...
 New details after a deadly crash S. of Sisters & Warm temps in the forecast as crews battle several wildfires. The latest on 
 New video coming into the newsroom as two fires burn near  - More coming on 
 BREAKING: Man found dead following car crash 5.5 miles south of  on Three Creeks Rd. - Details coming to KTVZ.COM soon.
 We want to know what you think this morning... What do you think about the government scrubbing the NASA Space Program?
 RT  New video coming into the newsroom as several brush fires break out across Central Oregon. Latest on 
 RT  And it has it's own  page...  RT  Update on the injured Bald Eagle, you can do ...
 RT  It's great to be back  with you all today     Trying to get used   ...
 RT   the team is back together today!  Welcome back 
 Rescue near Hosmer Lake overnight - 
 UPDATE: One of the rescued hikers is said to have mild hypothermia and another injury. Rescue workers are currently getting the 2 to safety.
 BREAKING NEWS: Search & Rescue found a pair of hikers in the Cascade Lakes area just before 7AM near Hosmer Lake... missing about 13 hours.
 RT  85 degrees today in  it's time to turn on the air conditioner.
 We want to know what you think this morning...Are you ready for fire season? Are you doing anything different this year? Let us know!
 A 1980's mountain bike turns commuter bike thanks to Bend Velo, a bike shop on Bends west side that's going green! 
 RT  Fire rips through a home in NE Bend. Details on   
 RT  U.S. stocks fall sharply at Thursday's open; Dow industrials off 150 points 
 We want to know what you think this morning... Is President Obama doing the right thing by pulling troops from Afghanistan? Let us know!
 Fish are crossing the road in flooded Missouri!  We have video you can't miss coming up.
 BREAKING NEWS: Police in Arlington have arrested one person in connection with a suspicious vehicle found near the Pentagon. 
 RT  BREAKING NEWS: NY Rep.  will resign after lewd photo scandal, plans to make the announcement today. Do you t ...
 RT  Hmm... It's June 16th, and you're waking up to a Freeze Warning until 10am in central OR! Catch your chilly forecas ...
 RT  BREAKING: Reported home invasion robbery south of  - Several guns possibly taken from a home. Details on 
 CRIME STOPPERS ALERT:  Bend police looking for suspects in the graffiti of two churches  If you know anything, call 1-877-876-TIPS.
 BREAKING: Hearing reports of a string of car break-ins  - working on details.
 RT  Good morning everyone, bear with us today   Working on some tech issues, but still bringing you your A ...
 Programming tonight: We have  game 5 at 5:00 PM. So no 5pm and 6pm news today. Stay tuned instead for NewsChannel 21 at 8:00 PM.
 RT  Some crazy video on  aerials of AZ wildfire, 8 alarm blaze in RI, thieves grab 75 sticks of deodorant  ...
 BREAKING: Two arrested overnight after break-in at Cash Connection on Greenwood  - Two face theft and robbery charges.
 Rivers and streams rise slightly overnight  - Officials say they're watching them as more rain and snow melt is in the forecast.
 RT  NEW AT SUNRISE: 5 US military members killed in rocket explosion in Baghdad; death toll rises  & warm but ...
 RT  NBC News confirms: Jack Kevorkian has died in Royal Oak, Michigan at the age of 83.
 RT  BREAKING: Darrell Middlekauff sentenced to life in prison with no poss of parole for wife Brenda's 2002 murder.
 Our sister station  is live this morning after a Black Bear is seen at an elementary school near PDX. 
 We want to know what you think this morning... Should Ohio State Coach Jim Tressel have resigned? What do you think about it?
 We have an update on breaking news... a semi carrying a load of cars on fire  on HWY 20 near Costco this morning... that fire is out.
 In about 8 minutes, we have a preview of local Memorial Day events coming up   &  this morning.
 We've got the latest from a deadly crash just north of La Pine last night on HWY 97.
 Our friends from  join us in 3 minutes with a dog and a look at Cat-a-palooza.  
 Watch it in 7 minutes! RT  ... there was a minor league ball game on Monday  that went 23 innings...
 Coming up in about 5 minutes... we'll interview Lynn Edwards  from Bethlehem Inn.  She'll talk about how Days of Caring went.
 We want to know what you think... Should schools be allowed to fine student athletes who break the rules and are unsportsmanlike?
 RT  Joplin, Mo. tornado, killing at least 89, is single deadliest U.S. tornado since Worcester, Mass. 1953 tornado-NOAA ht ...
 Humane Society of Redmond has joined the world of social media! You can become a fan on Facebook or follow on twitter  
 RT  Turn on  2nd case of equine herpes now, 2nd wolf shot in NE OR, live from  spacewalk, and we've g ...
 A man in Michigan still uses food stamps after winning $2 million.  Hear why, he's OK with it in about 7 minutes.
 RT  More than 30,000 sand bags in place on a levee in Burns. Hear from residents tonight on   
 RT  Flooding in Burns is crazy! Hear from residents tonight on  Here is a pic of Hwy. 20!  
 RT  About to head to  this morning to cover flooding, sandbagging and other preps now underway. Know someone affe ...
 Heavy rain is causing some small flooding and standing water across  Especially south of Bend near Lava Butte
 RT  Minnesota Twins say slugger Harmon Killebrew has died of cancer in Scottsdale, Ariz. 
 Deadly Virus Has Central Oregon Horse Owners on Alert: 
 We are getting pics from Sunriver as snow is falling there - a viewer just sent this in! 
 HAPPENING NOW: Snow falling on the west side of Awbrey Butte and snow accumulating in La Pine! Send us your snowy pics! Stories
 High Cascade camp grounds still snowed in... are you changing your Memorial Day plans? What do you plan to do instead? Let us know!
 Central Oregon woman watches from Cape Canaveral as Endeavour blasts off! Tweets live pics of the event! Story tonight on 
 RT  Hello  and  from KSC and the  
  We are all so excited for you to be at the launch! Hope it was  Thanks for sharing the pic's!
 RT  Exciting morning here  we'll be bringing you live coverage of  Shuttle Endeavor's lift-off at 5:5 ...
 Motorcyclist dies when cycle runs off the Bend Parkway off-ramp at Butler Market Road, into rocks, rider thrown: 
 RT  Oregon man found dead after being stuck in the snow since February found near Marion Forks 
 Furry Friends is coming up! Say hello to Daisy, a terrior mix, in about 5 minutes.
 We'd also like to hear from you this morning about those recent cougar sightings... What do you think should be done? Are they too close?
 We want to know what you think... Is the federal government doing enough to keep gas prices low? Do you think leaders should do something?
 TODAY AT SUNRISE: Two more cougar sightings last night in Deschutes River Woods, plus the clean up continues after a Redmond house fire.
 RT  Here's proof the morning crew  is nocturnal... I came in at 4am to find the lights off and our produce  ...
 RT  What do you think of the proposed cell phone tower  Let us know by replying to 
 BREAKING: A shooting at San Jose State University kills three. Police say the third person, who died at the hospital, may be the shooter.
 We want to know what you think this morning... should the cellular tower be built   Do you think it would lower property value?
 Know of any business or person who are doing  / Eco-Friendly things? Let us know!
 RT  BREAKING: Chase ends in arrest on Bend's east side. Driver found hiding in a tree off 27th St. Details on 
 RT  BREAKING: Chase ends in arrest on Bend's east side. Driver found hiding in a tree off 27th St. Details on 
 RT  BREAKING: Stabbing at the West Side Tavern. 31-Year old man with a puncture wound below his left arm. Details on  ...
 RT  BREAKING: Two cougars spotted in DRW overnight off Baker Rd. One was trying to get into a home. Details on 
 RT  NOW AT SUNRISE: City of Bend cutting 14 jobs, do cllimbing gas prices change your driving habits? Plus, why did PA  ...
 We want to know what you think this morning... with rising fuel prices, are you changing your driving habits? Give us a tweet!
 Bend is being defeated by Ashville, NC for BeerCity USA 2011? How could this be? Go vote, guys! 
 We want to know what you think! Should OR lawmakers change the hands free law to include not using cell phones in the car at work?
 RT  Happy Tuesday! Waking up to a chilly start to the day  some frost out there, but a beautiful sunny day ahea ...
 RT  Do you know anyone who was affected by the 9/11 attacks? We'd like to hear from you today! Stories or 541-617-6231
 Viewer Tweet! Thanks 4 the reply! RT   It's nice to know that this morning we're waking up to a post-Osama world
 We're talking about Osama Bin Laden's death this morning. We want to know what you think. Give us a tweet!
 Glad you stayed up! RT   had a fun night watching the wedding.  I don't usually watch tv news this time of day!
 RT  More deaths reported in Tennessee (14 total), Virginia (8 total). Toll from storm system stands at 193, by AP's count  ...
 RT  Alabama, Mississippi report more storm deaths; toll now 173 across 5 states - AP 
 RT  White House releases long form of Obama birth certificate; see it 
 RT  Arkansas storm update: 7 deaths now attributed to severe weather, 4 from tornado, 3 from flash floods 
 RT  RT   US officials tell NBC NEWS qaddafi NOT target of tripoli attack..
 UPDATE: Police say they think the overnight fire  is an arson. Searchers now say six people are dead.
 RT  Six in Wash. die as fire sweeps through home; no cause given yet STORY: 
 RT  NEW AT SUNRISE: Bend LaPine schools cutting 8 positions - 7 elem. vice principals & 1 chief academic officer to sav ...
 RT  PLEASE RT: If you're commuting b/w  &  this AM, avoid Hwy 97.  Serious motorcycle crash has highway sh ...
  has the details on the overnight stand off near La Pine... coming up in 8 minutes.
 RT  BREAKING NEWS: Standoff with police north of  overnight, man shot after firing at deputies, taken to hosp, s ...
 Our  is following the stand off for us this morning. The suspect has gone to the hospital. More information is still ahead.
 We are following  this morning, after a man is in stand off with police overnight near  Details coming up.
 RT  NEW AT SUNRISE: Hear why a 6yo boy  took out the family van, birds attack outside Florida bank in tr ...
 RT  BREAKING: High Speed chase ends near  around 4:45 this morning. Details coming up on 
 BREAKING NEWS: High-speed chase  on HWY 126 this morning leads to a stop with spike strips near Cloverdale. Details in 10 mintues.
 RT  BREAKING: 1 Lane of Hwy. 97 S. of Hwy. 58 is open. The road was closed after several semi's crashed - possibly one roll over.
 RT  Cold morning  but will be colder tomorrow - Bob says 1-2 inches of  expected tomorrow AM. Forecast now ...
 RT  Waking up to rain  and snow in higher elevations, like toward  & in the mtns. Drive carefully if head ...
 Coming up... we have the latest on the storms in the  And hear why searchers say they are no longer looking for Sandra Meyer.
 RT  We've got our Blue Ribbons on!  Do you?  For Natl Child Abuse Prevention month, thru  locally. Get   ...
 BREAKING: President Obama says yes, he will run for re-election in 
 RT  CNBC: March Nonfarm Payrolls up 216,000, Unemployment Rate Falls to 8.8%.
 Coming up on your Friday... the latest from Libya, our Representative Greg Walden, and could we see a tax on electric cars?
 RT  We have an EARLY interview  for  Blue Ribbon Campaign kickoff to prevent child abuse.  ...
 RT  Good morning out there! A lot of stories coming up at 5am, including breaking news of house fire on 27th  n ...
 RT  NEW PIC: Avalanche near the summit of Mt. Bachelor Monday afternoon! Be Safe! 
 JH: Good Morning! A lot going on this  - Latest on  Two Swans Shot & Killed in Burns, & a house fire  overnight.
 We're seeing snow on the ground  and  this morning. Drive safe on those slick streets.
 Coming up... we'll take a look at what to expect from the President's upcoming speech and another earthquake from Japan causes tsunami waves
 Coming up... We have the latest on the U.S. and NATO's involvement  and  the library hours are changing...
 RT  Whoo hoo!  New pictures for everyone   Here's the  crew, Bob Shaw, Matt McDonald & I.  ...
 RT  Sleeping air traffic controllers...seriously.  Find out where it happened on  starting in 13 minutes.
 RT  UPDATE: Car being removed from scene.  
 RT  NBC News confirms: Elizabeth Taylor has died in Los Angeles at the age of 79.
 RT  UPDATE: Someone has been removed from the car and is being loaded into the ambulance.
 RT  UPDATE: The road is dry, no ice. There are swerving tire tracks on the side of the road in the gravel for about 150 yrds ...
 RT  UPDATE: Being kept back from the scene about 200 yrds. They are removing someone from the car right now.
 We have a reporter at the scene of a vechile rollover on Knott Rd. Police say a driver passing by found a woman trapped. The road is closed.
 We have the latest from  where a U.S. fighter jet recently went down.
 RT  BREAKING NEWS UPDATE: 22 year old  man shot by  police officer during traffic stop. Possibly dea ...
 RT  Happy Monday! Waking up to thick fog  frozen in spots so be careful.  in for Bob w our ear ...
 BREAKING NEWS: Libya is declaring a "cease-fire" and stopping military operations. This is a response to the no-fly zone.
 RT  Chilling to think it's now been one week since disaster struck  - death toll now 6,500+, 1/2 million homele ...
 Coming up ... the latest on the nuclear situation in  and the search for missing Bend woman Sandra Meyer.
 We have the latest this morning on the earthquakes and radiation continuing to affect 
 RT  Plus, the  hockey team hosts 'Charlie Sheen' night.. we all know where this story is heading! Catch it  ...
 RT  Dow falls more than 250 points at market's opening as Japan's crisis worsens 
 The previously 8.9 earthquake that rocked Japan was upgraded to a 9.0 quake overnight.
 RT  NOW AT SUNRISE: Waking up to a very  AM  latest from Japan & 3rd  explosion overnight, more o ...
 RT  Hantavirus death confirmed in Deschutes Co - only 4th since 1993 here. Carried by rodents, progresses quickly, no c ...
 RT   man swept to sea in Calif. sought new beginning. 
 RT  Stricken  nuclear plant rocked by 2nd blast. 
 Be sure to stick with KTVZ.com today and  tonight for the latest on 
 If you know anyone in Japan affected by the Tsunami please call the newsroom 541-617-6231 or email stories
 RT  Just talked with some  If you want to donate $10 to the American Redcross text: REDCROSS to 90999
 RT  Just saw some stuff from Oregon buoys showing just a rise of 1/2 a foot to 2 feet up and down the OR coast.
 NEW VIDEO: Shows fires burning in  after the  
  here... Check this out!  Aerials from  
 RT  Japan earthquake: Finding family, info resources 
 RT  PORT ORFORD, Ore. (AP) - First waves from tsunami reach US mainland along Oregon coast.
 LIVE ON KFXO FOX CENTRAL OREGON RIGHT NOW... WE'LL CONTINUE TO GET YOU UPDATES ON THE TSUNAMIS ALL MORNING.
 Last major tsunami to strike Oregon was March 27, 1964 triggered by a 9.2 quake off Alaska. It killed 4 children. 
 RT  Water has receded out of Diamond Head beach in Hawaii, revealing the reef - Hawaii News Now 
 BREAKING: AP - 200-300 bodies found on Northeastern Japan coastal area.
 1,600 people in Tillamook County have received a reverse 9-1-1 call warning to head for higher ground.
 JUST IN: Waves have begun to hit a retaining wall near Kauai - Very close to topping the wall.
 The very latest on the  is just minutes away on 
 RT  RT  Water currently receding in Kauai, according to witnesses.
 Lincoln County, Warrenton-Hammond, Seaside school districts all closed on the Oregon Coast this morning.
 AP is reporting that Hawaii is seeing Tsunami waves - Just now hitting the Island
 2,800 people ordered to evacuate in  this morning after nuclear cooling system fails
 Tillamook County Oregon - Voluntary evacuation within a 1/2 mile of the beach is underway - expecting 3 to 5 foot waves around 7:15AM
 50 Countries and Terrioties across the world on under a watch or warning for tsunami this AM.
 Police raise death toll from Japan earthquake to 60, with 56 missing.
 Good Morning Central Oregon!  here - Woke up early to keep you up to speed on the  - Working in the Valley this AM
 RT  RT  Update: Police raise death toll from Japan earthquake to 60, with 56 missing - AP
 RT  NWS Tsunami Watch issued for Oregon and Washington coasts with an expected arrival around 7:30 a.m. Friday.
 NEW TODAY: A truck crashes into a house  overnight. And an earthquake in  leaves several dead and hundreds injured.
 RT  Happy Wednesday everyone! Waking up to a warm morning - already in 40's at 4:30am  Shoule be 55 & a little  ...
 NEW TODAY: The latest on the no-fly zone in  and in 4 minutes, don't miss a story from  about a 911 call from a robber.
 Think the balloon house from the movie "Up" is impossible? Watch  in about 5 minutes.
 There's a dusting of  out  to start your day. Drive safe!
 NEW THIS MORNING: Gas prices are skyrocketing. We'll tell you what the government might do. Also,  is facing another tuition hike.
 NEW AT SUNRISE: The U.S.  rate drops to 8.9%. That's the lowest since April 2009.
 Coming up in about 7 minutes... It's Furry Friends!
 RT  Happy Friday everyone!  Not waking up to any weather surprises  - it's clear and dry out there this AM!  Hea ...
 NEW:  says Interstate 84 is now open. Hear what happened that kept the freeway closed overnight in about 5 minutes.
 NEW TODAY: The latest on the federal spending bill, Libya, gas prices, and is the NFL going to avoid a lockout for next season?
 RT  And by breakfast I mean they're making us Chocolate Cornets with  Strawberry Mousse...   ...
 Some surprise guests from  join us this morning in about an hour on  It's going to be quite the treat...
 Coming up next on the  catch a one-on-one with Charlie Sheen. Hear his response to CBS shutting down his show.
 RT  I love seeing a OSU Beaver football player shattering an NFL record on our show 
 We'll be talking about the possibility of more snow coming our way this morning, plus the latest on gas prices and the HWY 26 crash.
 Coming up in 10 mintues... we have new snow video from overnight  all across the west coast, and throughout Oregon.
 It's getting cold today. Stick with us, as Bob Shaw takes a look at what you can expect this weekend.
 RT  Chains requirements in effect in Cascade mountain passes, especially for trucks or those towing. www.tripcheck.com 
  None so far...
 Culver school buses are running on snow routes this morning. 
 NEW AT SUNRISE:  is LIVE  this morning for a look at what you can expect on the roads to start your day!
 NEW AT SUNRISE: We pepare for more snow here in the Northwest, and rising prices at the pump, as unrest continues in the Middle East.
 RT  As search continues for survivors  Central Oregon families await word from loved ones. Story tonight on NC21.
 RT  Know anyone or have family in  New Zealand? We would love to talk to them! stories  541-617-6231
 An earthquake in New Zealand, snow coming to the Cascades, and the latest on a search and rescue from Mount Hood.  That's all coming up!
 RT  BREAKING: Deschutes County SAR headed to Mt. Hood to help search for a missing 26-year old snowboarder from North Carolina.
 RT  Rockin' it solo again this morning! Seeing cold temps and a few light snow showers  - Drive Safe!
 Bend Area Transit on normal routes and schedules. Be aware many bus stops and sidewalks are treacherous with snow and ice and use caution.
 No school closures to report so far this morning but roads are pretty icy! Drive safe!
 RT  We've had a lot of pictures come in, check them out! 
 RT  Have pics of damage caused by today's high winds? Send them to stories We'll get them on in the AM!
 RT  Lotsa news coming up  in 35 minutes... Body of missing man found in Marion Co, latest from   ...
 BREAKING:  leaves Cairo. Now he says he considers himself a former president. Stick with  for the latest as we get it.
 Furry Friends is coming up!
 The new high school  is down to 3 name choices, and now, hear who gets to pick the school colors and mascot... coming up...
 RT  Live feed coming in from Cairo this morning! Tune to NC21 at 5AM for complete coverage. Only on 
 RT  Number of people applying for U.S. unemployment benefits drops to lowest level in nearly 3 years 
 RT  Could concealed weapons holders ID's be kept private? Details on 
 RT  Feel the love in the air? We've got a group from Bend High Dynamics singing Valograms in the studio! Tune in  ...
 Good morning! An overnight crash, the latest on national weather, and a couple court updates  to bring you.
 Three court appearances to tell you about this morning  Plus, a memorial yesterday for the teens who died off the Oregon coast.
  and  are a little sad about the Steelers'  loss yesterday. Where was Troy Polamalu?
 RT  NOW AT SUNRISE: Two  teens killed by ocean wave on  coast, latest from  and of course  ...
 RT  Russ: Husband of Congresswoman Giffords WILL fly his shuttle mission in April.
 A dog from the Redmond Humane Society joins us on Furry Friends in about 5 minutes this morning.
 News this morning on the murder trial of the man accused of killing his wife and burying her body. Hear what the judge is investigating.
 Bob has a new device to show you for weather forecasting this morning. It's called "Futurecast"... coming up in about 5 minutes.
 TODAY AT SUNRISE: Darrell Middlekauff and Steven Blaylock appear in court today  Stay with  for these stories as they develop.
 RT  What does Phil know?  It's 12 degrees outside our studio...sure feels like winter to me.
 TODAY AT SUNRISE: Live updates from Egypt, Bob Shaw has a look at weather across the U.S. & here  plus groundhog says early spring?
 RT  Punxsutawney Phil doesn't see his shadow, he says early spring
 RT  Dallas-Fortworth Airport Closed - 20 Flights have been canceled out of PDX today. Everything on schedule at Roberts Fiel ...
 RT  BREAKING: State department orders evacuation of all non-emergency U.S. government officials from Egypt.
 Happy first day of February! Stick with us on the latest for flight delays and cancelations, as snow slams the nation.
  Very true... very true. Maybe they should produce a little more often? ;)
 Continuing Coverage this morning: We have the latest on the situaition  Egypt.
 Thanks to  and  for producing most of today's show! Great job!
 Today at Sunrise: The unrest and protest in Egypt... we'll hear from someone here on the High Desert  and 
 An update on the hectic protests in Egypt is coming up in about 5 minutes...
 Coming up on the show... A look back at the day the Challenger exploded, Bob Shaw has your weather, and Furry Friends!  
 We just saw the DOW break the 12,000 mark live in the control room... just read S&P reached 1,300 for the 1st time since Sept. 2008.
 RT  BREAKING NEWS UPDATE: Man hit and killed while crossing street overnight  now identified as Anthony John Mar ...
 Coming up in 3 mintues... the latest on a hit and run  that left one man killed overnight.
 RT  Bend Man killed overnight following a hit and run at 3rd and Revere - details on 
 An update on yesterday morning's fire at the Tillamook Cheese Factory is coming up in less than 10 minutes. 
 NEW KTVZ.COM POLL -- How much of the President's State of the Union Address did you watch last night? Go to our homepage and tell us!
 BREAKING: Fire at the Tilamook Cheese Factory this morning... we'll have the details in 10 minutes.
 Coming up in about 15 minutes... we take a look at the newly annouced Academy Award nominations this morning. 
 RT  NOW  Manhunt underway along  coast for suspect in police shooting, State of the Union preview,  ...
 RT  BREAKING: Lincoln City police officer in critical condition after being shot, Hwy 101 is closed near  as p ...
 Its Monday... so we know Packers vs. Steelers for Super Bowl 45... tell us who you think will win. The general consensus here is Steelers.
 RT  Gotta love  creativity!  We're trying something new at 5:30 & 6:30am  this morning... can  ...
 Coming your way this morning... the latest on the search for Lori Blaylock, changes to your taxes, and your Friday furry friends!
 RT  Good morning! Don't be caught off guard like I was this AM, we're waking up to snow on the ground  slick dr ...
 RT  As of 9:30am, one lane of Conant Basin Road is back open east of  as crews dealt with this all night:   ...
 RT  Regis Philbin says he's retiring from his weekday talk show
 High water and ice flows  this morning caused a road closure: Conant Basin Road, halfway between Prineville and Post.
 Coming up in five minutes, don't miss an inspiring story of a man named James, who turned his life around thanks to a program 
 RT  BREAKING: Hwy. 20 has been closed between  and  due to high water - use alternate route.
 Bob Shaw has more this morning on the crazy weather around the state... plus those windy condition on the High Desert.  
 Stay tuned  this morning for  inspriring story about a local program helping teens in need 
 Happy Martin Luther King, Jr. Day! We have updates this morning of the flooding across the state and your road conditions.
 RT  Stay tuned  Monday & Tuesday   I'm working on an inspriring story about a local progr ...
 Join us for Furry Friends... coming up in 6 minutes!
 RT  Sad day here at  You've never seen him on the air, but this is our director Jeff Wrensen's last day at ...
 RT  Happy Anniversary TODAY....59 years ago today, our show first hit the air! 
 Coming up... Bob Shaw tells us which states have snowfall right now. Although, the bigger question is, which don't have snow.
 NEW AT SUNRISE: Redmond High School plans a change to it's academic schedule next year. We have details this morning. 
 RT  Russ: Landslide is blocking several lanes of Hwy 47 near Vernonia.
 RT  UPDATE: Hwy. 97 now clear after wreck blocked two lanes just south of  this morning: No serious injuries.
 Sisters School District on 2hr delay, no AM kin. Also, Jefferson County Schools on 2hr delay, Culver on regular sched. 
 RT  School Snow delays for 2 hours  And kindergarten there is canceled.  schools are on a 2 ho ...
 RT  We need more caffeine  after staying up for the  game! NEW AT SUNRISE: Game wrap up, IPhone comin ...
 RT  Struggling to get up early after the big game.  Wake up with NewsChannel 21 at Sunrise.  We've got reaction to the ga ...
 RT  Bob Shaw brought in just about every  nik-nak he could think of...  
 RT  Two things to mention: Welcome  to twitter and welcome him to  as he joins us now every morning!
  JH: We agree! When you find someone to write it let us know we could use one as well!
 We're starting something new at NewsChannel 21 today, an inside look at our news coverage daily via FB. Feedback? 
 FLIGHT NEWS: From  Roberts Field canceled 2 flights this morning for freezing fog. All remaining flights today are on time.
 Bob Shaw tells us some areas on the  are below zero this morning. -5  right now, for example.
 RT  For those of you who missed it, our big announcement is... Matt McDonald is my new permanent co-anchor  ...
 Who's that at the desk today?  Someone new... watch all morning to find out more about the new guy. :)
 RT  Time for a  unofficial Twitter poll... Have you already broken your New Year resolution(s)?
 We're happy to have Bob Shaw and  back with us this morning! Happy New Year!
 UPDATE: What we reported as a carjacking, police are calling a robbery... and three happened overnight.  police look for a suspect.
 FROM OVERNIGHT: Search crews on Mount Bachelor found the missing 14-year-old skier. We have details at 6:30 this morning.
 FROM OVERNIGHT: Carjacking near the Arco on Greenwood  around 10:30 last night kept police busy.  We're working on getting details.
 RT  Update: KBND, monitoring scanner reports, says missing skier reported found on Mt. Bachelor, cold but apparently in good shape ...
 We'll have another live look at 6:30am... RT  Live look outside our studio at 5:30... 
 Lots of breaking news this morning... stay with us all morning, as we follow an earthquake  plus a car fire 
 ODOT is telling you to expect delays of up to 20 minutes if you're headed east on Highway 380  Flooding is reported.
 Flooding  overnight. Sheriff's Deputies came in to help with rising waters off Paulina Highway near Juniper Canyon.
 RT  RT  Morning.  JFK, LaGuardia, Newark airports not expected to reopen until noon EST today.
 Good morning!  and  join us today.  Great job, ladies!
 Good Morning! There's a dusting of snow on the ground outside our studios  and plenty of snow in the cascades. Drive safe!
 Merry Christmas Eve morning!  joins us at the desk today for the first time. Great job!
 We have an update on that crazy and dangerous weather  this morning.
 UPDATE: Our  shot new video where the RVs  were reportedly broken into.  Catch  for updates on this today.
 RT  President Obama has signed the repeal of "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" into law.
 BREAKING NEWS: Police are investigating, after several RV's are reportedly broken into in the area of SE 9th & Woodland Blvd. 
 Our  and  were there, after an elk was rescued from a freezing pond. That story is coming up  in 5 minutes.
 Be sure to check out all the viewer pictures you sent in of the latest snow storm. www.ktvz.com
  JH - We have a few icy spots here and there - all of the news cars are pretty well frosted over.
 We've gotten a couple lunar eclipse pix, feel free to share yours at stories (Please include your name and where you took it;-)
  Enjoying the cold temps and what's left of our latest snow storm!
 If you missed the lunar eclipse last night, we'll show you the spectacle this morning.
 Chains or traction tires are required on ALL vehicles traveling over   and  this morning.
 RT  Newark airport given 'all clear'; passengers being allowed back into terminal after suspicious package scare - NBC
 RT  Good morning! Waking up to more snow flurries    And LaPine has 1 1/2 ft. in some spo ...
  has your weather forecast all week. She's telling us how long this snow will stick with us.
 RT  President Obama to sign the middle-class tax cut bill at 3:50 p.m. today - NBC
 RT  NEW AT SUNRISE: Dramatic video of 4 alarm fire  Sen. Wyden having surgery for cancer, latest on shooting ...
 RT  Good morning!  Waking up to a COLD Friday... 17 outside our studio  Bob says single digits in many places t ...
 RT  Good morning!  Waking up to a dry - but cold - morning.  Get your coats, gloves and ice scrapers out as you head to ...
 RT  We are working to learn more this morning after two bodies are found in NW  last night.
 RT  RT  AP- WikiLeaks' founder Julian Assange to be freed pending extradition hearing, U.K. judge rules. htt ...
 RT  Complete coverage the morning after the Tornado in Aumsville, hear from survivors, see the damage & what's next all ...
 Our  Weekend Reporter  joins us on the show this morning. Great job!
 WEATHER: Snowfall has stopped  a small cover on the ground, but some of C.O. have a couple inches...temps are back above freezing.
 BREAKING: Bend is waking up to snowfall this morning with below freezing temps.
 Flooding and mudslides in Washington state, snow in the midwest, and your local alert weather forecast... Bob Shaw has that this morning.
  has a partner again... our usual  joins us in front of the camera this week.
 RT  NEW AT SUNRISE: Police looking for suspect(s) who shot out 3 car windows  last night, black ice still on the ...
 RT  Fatal Traffic Crash - Highway 97 about six miles south of Biggs Junction - All lanes blocked indefinitely - Reportedl ...
 Nala joins us this morning! See how you can adopt this hero. Read her story at KTVZ.com 
 RT   jurors weigh death penalty for father, son.
 RT  Who hoo!  Daytime highs  are expected to be in the mid 40s to low 50s every day for the next 7 days!  Finall ...
 The Cyclo-Cross National Championships begin  at the Old Mill District today. There's still time to register for it!
 FLIGHT ALERT: Roberts Field  canceled two flights this morning, but Horizon flight 2034 to  is scheduled for 7:50am.
 RT  UPDATE: I-84 Eastbound lanes closed 20 miles east of The Dalles due to rock slide - Westbound lanes being used as detour.
 RT  UPDATE: Culver School Buses on snow routes this AM!
 FLIGHT ALERTS: This morning, Roberts Field  canceled 2 flights: Horizon flight 2294 to Seattle & Delta flight 4551 to Salt Lake.
 RT  Court rules Continental 'criminally responsible' for Concorde crash that killed 113 people in France in 2000 - AFP via ...
 SCHOOL ALERT: School Buses are taking snow routes  this morning.
 RT  It's snowing across the  this AM! Here's what our news cars are looking like!  
 RT  UPDATE: Snow has begun to fall again this morning, with the combination of that and freezing fog drive with caution this ...
  Thanks for the pic!! 
 RT  Bend teen arrested after burglary at an apartment on NE Forum Dr.  - Police say they found computer equip near by.
 RT  UPDATE: Jefferson Co. Schools on 2hr delay this morning. Icy roads out there!
 BREAKING NEWS FROM OVERNIGHT  and in  Both area police chased suspects last night. We're working on details this morning.
 RT  NEW AT SUNRISE: Latest on Portland bomb plot, Woodburn bomb trial & you're waking up to warmer temps, already 37 ou ...
 We're down to our final 15 minutes of  final show with us this morning.  Tune in to say goodbye 
 RT  Don't forget to vote for  Kenny Dailey for the "2010 High School Rudy Award." 
  for 5 1/2 years, and more than 2 1/2 years as one of our hosts,  final day on our show is tomorrow at 5. Don't miss it.
 RT  DRIVE WITH CAUTION: Fed Ex Semi blocking part of Hwy 26 on the  8 Miles north of Ka Nee Tah Turn off - MP81
 RT  Good morning!  We're waking up to a dusting of overnight snow  just enough to cover the icy roads.  Drive c ...
 RT  Just stepped out the back door and the snow has returned!  
 RT  Hear from an OSU student who lived down the street and had class with  suspect tonight at 5 on 
 RT  Fire rips through building  overnight destroying it completely. No word on a cause or damage estimate.
 Centennial Park  could be getting an ice skating rink before the end of December. City council meets with Urban Renewal tomorrow.
 RT  Anybody like tubing? WELL... Hoodoo's amazing AUTOBAHN TUBING PARK will be open THIS SATURDAY, Nov. 27 from 10... http:// ...
 RT  HOODOO SKI AREA commences its 2010-2011 season TODAY at 9 a.m.!!! Who's heading up to join us for all this crazy,... http ...
 Kudos to  for filling in today and to  again. Great job you guys!
 Check out the line at Target this morning!  
 Good to have our some new faces filling-in today...  and Kim Tobin!
 Happy Thanksgiving from all of us here 
 RT  3 hrs to go! Due to major snow, we've got 10 park features - 3 boxes, 2 wall rides, flat rail, jump line & a corrugated  ...
 BREAKING NEWS: Power restored to 4,000 residents  this morning... they were without power for two hours after lines broke.
 Brrr... it's hovering around 0 degrees at our studios  this morning. Bundle up! We don't expect to get above freezing today.
 BREAKING NEWS: Power lines break  4,000 are without power this morning. Pacific Power estimates 9am for power to return.
 COCC is open  today. Only St. Francis School  and Sisters Christian Academy  are closed today. 
 RT  Here's a look outside our studio of what we're waking up to  this morning. Be really careful driving today!  ...
  Thanks for the pic! Beautiful!
 RT  Update: Hwy 26 still closed in both directions west of Warm Springs due to a tanker truck accident.  for th ...
 RT   and it continues to fall  La Pine at 5:25 a.m.
 We're hearing reports of 34 inches of snow on Santiam Pass this morning. You must carry chains and traction tires and drive CAREFULLY.
 RT  MSNBC: N. Korea reportedly fires artillery at island in South, prompting Seoul to return fire and scramble fighter  ...
   : St. Francis School, and  Sisters Christian Academy.   Enjoy your snow day!
 Weather today... snow snow and more snow      Stay warm, as we expect highs below 20.
 RT  BREAKING: Hwy 26 CLOSED at  after a tanker truck rolls - fuel leak has been stopped - Use alternate route.
 RT  This is why  is asking drivers to avoid  ... Picture says it all!  
 RT  TSA chief tells NBC that agency is rethinking screening procedures - TODAY Video 
 RT  Good Monday morning everyone! Waking up to snow in the ground  & many surrounding areas, mtn passes are nast ...
 RT   congrats! >>> 10 top ski deals  (via 
 RT  Here's a look at what we're waking up to outside our studio  this morning... the snow is starting to fall! h ...
 We've got  falling   and  this morning! The winter storm warning extended in the mountains until midnight.
 RT  Search and rescue teams are searching for F-22 Raptor and pilot that went missing during flight over Alaska - U.S. off ...
 RT  RT  The British Monarchy has also posted the news of Prince William's engagement on   ...
 RT  BREAKING NEWS: Police  investigating death on 1st street overnight - May stem from stabbing near Taco Time.
 RT  New KTVZ.COM Poll: Do you consider the TSA's new 'full-body sanners' an invasion of privacy? Please visit and vote!
 For those north of Bend, there is a Veterans Day parade  this morning at 11:00 as well.
 Happy Veterans Day!  Don't forget, the Veteran's Day Parade is this morning at 11:00 downtown 
 RT  MT  Pres. Bush talks to Matt about economy,  Tea Party, mosque controversy in NYC and more: . ...
 Bob Shaw's outside today to give you a look at this winter weather 
 RT  Slick roads this morning: South of Bend on Hwy. 97 reports of a few slideoffs this morning. Leave early and drive safe t ...
  is falling across  We would love to share your pictures in the morning! stories
 We may see some snow on the  tomorrow AM - Stick with  for the latest conditions as we welcome winter!
 RT  Amanda Knox indicted on charges she slandered police during 2007 questioning - AP
 RT  Death toll from Indonesia volcano pushes above 122 - National Disaster Management Agency 
 RT  UPDATE: Next opportunity for the shuttle launch is 48 hours away.
 RT  CNN- Nasa officials say that the shuttle launch is scrubbed today due to a gaseous leak.
 RT   to make  acceptance speech at 10am in Portland... Catch updates on election news, including  ...
 RT  Turn on  right now for video you may never see again - salmon swimming across a flooded road in WA!  It ...
 RT  Catch all of your local, county, state, and national election coverage this morning on     ...
 RT  Some election races still too close to call, like OR Governor!  Tune in at 5am for  on KTVZ for the lat ...
 RT  Wearing purple today for  It's a shout out to both blue and red. Don't forget to drop off your ballots!
 RT  Blazers legend Maurice Lucas has passed Sunday at the age of 58. Lucas battled bladder cancer. God bless to The Enforcer.
 RT  How come I become obsessed with every dog we have on Furry Friends? Gwen, a pretty little pom needs adopting! Humane So ...
