 Restaurant talk: Sno cones at Doc’s Food Store: All this triple-digit heat probably has you hankering for a sno ... 
 Productivity killer: 5 reasons Facebook needs a ‘dislike’ button: So you see a not-so-fun Facebook status update... 
 TEA ratings drop for some Preston Hollow schools: The Texas Education Agency released its ratings today, and the... 
 Dallas Police offer training for Volunteers in Patrol: Dallas Police will be training community crime-fighters a... 
 Donate school supplies to Foster Kids Charity: Foster Kids Charity is calling for donations of school supplies f... 
 Weekly News Summary | Preston Hollow | Advocatemag.com 
 Preston Hollow volunteer honored with service award: MassMutual awarded at $25,000 grant to the Crohn’s and Coli... 
 This weekend: Knitting, children’s comedy show and art exhibits: Let’s try to avoid spending time outside, shall... 
 RT   $15 for $30 worth of kids clothes from Chocolate Soup. 
 Preston Hollow Little Gym owner receives President’s Circle Award: Congrats to Preston Hollow Little Gym owner J... 
 H&M to open Aug. 18 at NorthPark Center: We’ve seen the massive sign for months outside the storefront in NorthP... 
 Medical City hosts free health program Thursday: Medical City Hospital and the Spirit of Women will host a free ... 
 Digital edition: August 2011: 
 Mayborn Literary Nonfiction Writers Conference showcases national, local talent: The editor of Texas Monthly dub... 
 Restaurant talk: Neighborhood dives: Our August issue is hitting stands and doorknobs now, and this month’s dini... 
 Productivity killer: The Kaleidoskop: It’s been a long week, hasn’t it?
 Live local: The lowdown on neighborhood businesses: This month, news and updates from Tin Star, Cultured Cup, Me... 
 Curfew crackdown begins this weekend: Dallas Police will be out in numbers this weekend and for the rest of the ... 
 RT  Plants that Thrive in the Heat (but will get you Fall-ready)  via 
 Happy Friday, Preston Hollow! Got plans this weekend? Luckily, these events are indoors: 
 RT  July is National Park and Recreation Month - Enjoy a Dallas Park today! 
 Weekly News Summary | Preston Hollow | Advocatemag.com 
 Vanilla Ice surprises Preston Hollow couple with a DIY Network home remodel: Sean and Erica Heatley live in Pres... 
 RT  Free screenings tonight:30 Mins or Less  Movie Grill Dallas,Friends w/ Benefits  Northpark,Captain America ...
 Charming Charlie and Park Grill coming to The Shops at Park Lane: The Shops at Park Lane has announced that Char... 
 Organizers, runners gear up for White Rock Marathon: Yes, it is tough to think about running a marathon when it’... 
 Kidville to host benefit for tragedy-stricken family: The story made national headlines over Fourth of July week... 
 Crime at all-time low in Midway Hollow: Before the Midway Hollow Crime Watch launched its Expanded Neighborhood ... 
  Had a great time meeting everyone last night and spreading the word about ENP 
 Meso Maya restaurant coming to Preston and Forest: This August, Meso Maya will open its doors at Preston and For... 
 Hey Preston Hollow peeps, anybody know of some great dog-friendly restaurants in the neighborhood?
 Video game creation camps start Aug. 8: In our July issue, we wrote about kid entrepreneurs in the neighborhood ... 
 Leadership DISD course to plug community members into school system: A new nonprofit is offering a two-semester ... 
 Preston Hollow resident sworn in as Dallas CASA volunteer: Suzy Cox set out to make a difference in the lives of... 
 Tootsies summer bash benefits Young Texas Against Cancer: Tootsies fashion boutique in the Plaza at Preston Cent... 
 Reservations open for KRLD Restaurant Week: The 2011 KRLD Restaurant Week is set for Aug. 15-21, and reservation... 
 Budget cuts are a matter of life and death: Those of you who think city government is a useless waste of time sh... 
 Advocate slideshow: Northaven Trail groundbreaking: 
 Productivity killer: Harry Potter madness: The legendary wizard saga that is Harry Potter has reached its end. D... 
 SPONSORED TWEET: Christmas in July! On Sat. Downing Hill, on Greenville, will deck the halls and clean out the stockroom.www.downinghill.com
 Preston Hollow public schools among highest-performing on AP exams: The Texas Education Agency released it resul... 
 Former mayor Steve Bartlett: now the $2 million man: For those of you “whatever happened to” story fans, here’s ... 
 This weekend: Art exhibit, Summer Fun Day and kids triathlon: It’s your last chance to see the current exhibit a... 
 King James Bible exhibit features rare collection: To celebrate the 400th birthday of the King James Bible, the ... 
 Weekly News Summary | Preston Hollow | Advocatemag.com 
 Girl Scouts honor Preston Hollow Gold Award winners: The Girl Scouts of Northeast Texas recently recognized its ... 
 Wine review: Picada 15 2010: This wine is why I get such a kick writing about wine.
 Storyteller performs at Park Forest Library Wednesday morning: Melody “Afi” Bell, a griot (West African storytel... 
 Cooking class with Chef Abraham Salum at DUO: Tracy Rathbun and Lynae Fearing’s DUO kitchen store has announced ... 
 Run On grand opening this Saturday: The new Run On store at Preston and Forest is having its grand opening this ... 
 Film series begins this week at Temple Emanu-El: Temple Emanu-El hosts its summer film series Cinema Emanu-El on... 
 You know that streak of 100-degree days?: It’s going to get longer, and we’ll probably be in top 10 territory by... 
 Productivity killer: How well can you text and drive?: No, I’m not asking how good you are at breaking the law a... 
 Date Night Giveaway! Win 2 tickets to the Dallas Arboretum! (Guess a number (1-1000) here )
 Ursuline grad Micaela White in dire need of blood donation: You may remember hearing Micaela White’s story on th... 
 Authors, concerts and sales at the Dallas Public Library: Bibliophiles have plenty to celebrate in July as Dalla... 
 This weekend: Folk festival, ‘Kung Fu Panda’ and Bookmarks show: Uncle Calvin’s Coffeehouse, located inside Nort... 
 Weekly News Summary | Preston Hollow | Advocatemag.com 
 Biz kids: McAllister and Brodie Hobbs: If you’ve seen the cover of this month’s Preston Hollow Advocate, then yo... 
 W.T. White football camps start this week: If you’re still looking to get the kids out of the house this summer,... 
 Photos: Hillcrest Forest Fourth of July Parade: 
 Restaurant talk: Tin Star’s new menu: Tin Star has recently put together a new, healthier menu with the help of ... 
 We’ve had 10 100-degree days: If it seems like it has been unseasonably warm so far this year, that’s because it... 
 Neighbor Abel Gonzales Jr. to appear on “The View” Monday: If you’re at home in the air conditioning Monday, Jul... 
 Digital edition: July 2011: 
 We’ve had a few website problems this week: Earlier this week, the whole Advocatemag.com operation switched web ... 
 Downing Hill Garden Studio is having a Margarita 101 tonight  7:00 pm. Learn to make the perfect margarita, sangria, and more!
 This weekend: Uncle Sam, Bonsai and kids show: Renowned juggler, unicyclist, clown, stilt walker, magician and e... 
 Weekly News Summary | Preston Hollow | Advocatemag.com 
 Shopping cart cleanup begins this week: This week, plans to round up abandoned shopping carts, part of a citywid... 
 Wine review: Marietta Old Vine Red Lot Number 53: Twenty years ago, when I started writing about cheap wine, the... 
 Downing Hill Garden Studio is having a Margarita 101 on June 30th  7:00 pm. Learn to make the perfect margarita, sangria, and more!
 Shopping-cart clean up underway around Dallas: This week, plans to round up abandoned shopping carts, part of a ... 
 North Haven launches Ugly Garden Contest: North Haven Gardens is calling for entries to its first Ugly Garden Co... 
 Restaurant talk: Patio at Stratos Greek Tavern: I know, it may seem as though patio weather has come and gone  -... 
 Productivity killer: The heavenly Google workplace: Talk about company perks. Google treats its employees like r... 
 Message to college grads: Strive to make a difference: The message — not only directed to new graduates, but all... 
 Ellen Terry Realtors celebrates 30th anniversary: This year, Ellen Terry Realtors celebrates 30 years in the rea... 
 Read this week's neighborhood news summary, view weekend events, and enter the weekly news giveaway! 
 How Spongebob Squarepants ended up on the Forest Lane mural: If you’ve driven past the iconic Forest Lane mural ... 
 This weekend: Folk music, magic show and visual art: Two exhibits are on view at Norwood Flynn Gallery, featurin... 
 Weekly News Summary | Preston Hollow | Advocatemag.com 
 Keep your kids safe at the pool this summer: Swimming pools are difficult to avoid this time of year, especially... 
 Wine review: House White 2008: I read one of those expert prognostications last week, reassuring the wine busine... 
 Love for Kids benefit is June 22: The local nonprofit, Love for Kids, will host a fundraising event Art and Wine... 
 4 ways to stay cool in the neighborhood: Summer hasn’t even officially begun yet, and temperatures are already  ... 
 Jewish Federation, JCC to host annual meetings: Two prominent, neighborhood Jewish organizations are gearing up ... 
 Let Advocate newsletters bring the news to you: 
 Rawlings wins; what’s next?: There was an I Like Mike sign in front of a KFC-Long John Silver’s fast food restau... 
 Bruce Bradford named interim NDCC president: The North Dallas Chamber of Commerce board of directors has appoint... 
 Productivity killer: Most endangered historic sites: This week, National  Trust for Historic Preservation releas... 
 Crime alert: Home burglaries up 7 percent: In contrast to the reductions seen over the past few years,  resident... 
 Update: Northaven Trail groundbreaking is July 16: As we reported last week, construction on the Northaven Trail... 
 This weekend: Bookmarks anniversary, salsa party and crafts: Bookmarks Library celebrates its third anniversary ... 
 Father’s Day dining in Preston Hollow: Father’s Day is approaching quickly (it’s this Sunday, in case you forgot... 
 Advocatemag.com Weekly News Summary | Preston Hollow  via
 Tin Star has moved out of Preston Center: Amid all the changes happening at the Plaza at Preston Center to accom... 
 Neighborhood seniors bond over art, creativity: Most people in the neighborhood know that the Jewish Community C... 
 Wine review: Evodia 2009: A reader suggested that I try this Spanish red, so I bought it and brought it home. It... 
 ‘Love my Park’ video contest: What’s your favorite park? Think before you answer, because Dallas has more than 2... 
 Changes at The Plaza at Preston Center: Quite a few changes are taking place at The Plaza at Preston Center. Bot... 
 Rawlings tops $2.2 million in fund-raising; Kunkle at $242,000: As the mayoral race enters its final few days, t... 
 LBJ Express entering Phase 2; HOV lane closures will extend to Hillcrest: The LBJ Express construction will star... 
 More details on NDCC president’s condition: We reported Monday morning that North Dallas Chamber of Commerce pre... 
 Update: Mavs victory parade set for Thursday, Mark Cuban will pay: The Mavericks parade will happen on Thursday ... 
 Restaurant talk: New summer menu at Ristorante Nicola: The weather’s heating up, and that means that some neighb... 
 Last minute Father’s Day gift: grilling class at The Mercury: The Mercury’s executive chef, Chris Ward, is holdi... 
 NDCC president Steve Taylor in critical condition after car accident: Steve Taylor, long-time president of the N... 
 Budget update: Cops, street repairs, rec centers look to be gone: Enjoy the Mavericks, because the budget news i... 
 Mavericks victory parade: the time is now …:  
 Productivity killer: The Ultimate Mavs Fan: When you go to a game you’ll see them right away because they’re  al... 
 Early voting locations you can go to for the Joint Runoff Election for Mayor today - 14th:  or as a map 
 New summer special at Bread Winners: Bread Winners has introduced a “peachy” summer special.
 Tell us how you’re celebrating July 4th weekend: Can you believe Fourth of July is just around the corner? It’s ... 
 Calatrava bridge progress: Is the bridge really that cool?: This is not a complaint about the soon-to-be world f... 
 Preston Hollow Elementary celebrates a successful school year: It’s been quite a year for Preston Hollow Element... 
 This weekend: Parents’ Night Out, art show, children’s program and violets: If you need a break from the kids, S... 
 Advocatemag.com Weekly News Summary | Preston Hollow 
 Is Rawlings a giant, or is our set just really small?: If you really want to get to know the mayoral candidates,... 
 Wine review: Pasa A Paso 2009: I needed two wines to go with paella that I was making (and which didn’t turn out... 
 Free outdoor movie this Friday at The Shops at Park Lane: This Friday — and every Friday evening in June — The S... 
 Rawlings vs. Kunkle: Watch the videos here: One of the most difficult aspects of any political campaign these da... 
 Summer scams at your door: Summertime is prime time for door-to-door scams. Since becoming a  homeowner, I’ve se... 
 Council to approve Dallas Bike Plan Wednesday: City Council on Wednesday is expected to approve the Dallas Bike ... 
 Lucky Dog Barkery grand re-opening is June 7-11: Lucky Dog Barkery has moved two doors down from its original sp... 
 Advocate video: Rawlings, Kunkle answer questions from readers: 
 Early voting for Dallas Mayor starts today! Check out the Advocate's Video Debate with the candidates before you vote: 
 Hell freezes over: Morning News says Trinity debate wasn’t kosher: Yes, I almost fell down at Kroger when I saw ... 
 Trinity Tollroad: It looks like Leppert misled us by omission: Give the Dallas Morning News a little credit here... 
 Advocate video: Rawlings, Kunkle continue city budget debate: 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidates debate the city budget — by the numbers: 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidates debate city funding for neighborhood renewal: 
 Our June issue: Stories, video and one delicious QR code: We sure got hungry putting together our June issue, wh... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidates debate the payoff of expensive city projects: 
 CANCELED - Ride the Rock Trail Ride, June 4 - Due to a equine virus that is spreading across the country, the Trail Ride has been canceled.
 This weekend: Outdoor film, Inwood Tavern anniversary, Plant the Town Pink and health fair: Starting this week a... 
 Advocatemag.com Weekly News Summary | Preston Hollow 
 Le Creuset to host grand opening June 3: A new tenant moved into Inwood Village near the Inwood Theatre last wee... 
 Ann Margolin endorses Mike Rawlings for mayor: The DMN City Hall blog reports that our District 13 councilman An... 
 W.T. White choir wins awards at state competition: Nineteen students from the W.T. White High School choir compe... 
 Yoga event at NorthPark Center to raise money for Haitian earthquake victims: On June 11, more than 300 yoga stu... 
 635 is most dangerous road for teen drivers: Monday marked the beginning of an anticipated influx of accidents  ... 
 JCC golf tournament fundraiser is June 13: Save the date for the Jewish Community Center‘s 24th annual Erwin Wal... 
 Productivity killer: Save the Words: Ninety percent of everything we write uses only 7,000 words, and each year ... 
 Franklin Middle School student places at Texas National History Day competition: Will Wakefield of Franklin Midd... 
 Digital edition: May 2011: Click here to read the May 2011 digital edition of the Preston Hollow Advocate.
 Mayor candidate questions: Have any?: Next week, the two mayoral runoff candidates — David Kunkle and Mike Rawli... 
 True crime: ‘I put that purse in a hammer lock’: Louise Reeves had gone out to run a few errands, and was coming... 
 Council OKs 100 digital billboards over next 3 years: Despite objections by the North Dallas Neighborhood Allian... 
 This weekend: King James Bible Exhibit, cheesemaker tour and Memorial Day party: The Biblical Arts Center presen... 
 There is no money — why won’t anyone at City Hall listen?: I’ve been writing about this since 2008. Outside expe... 
 Advocatemag.com Weekly News Summary | Preston Hollow 
 Scooter’s Coffeehouse coming to Dallas: The Omaha-based coffeehouse chain, Scooter’s Coffeehouse, has announced ... 
 Burger joint on wheels to roll out next week: A new food truck is expected to start parking at Inwood Tavern som... 
 Oakley endorses Rawlings; does anyone care?: A better headline: Ed Oakley, a guy no one has ever heard of, endor... 
 Wine review: Toad Hollow Pinot Noir Rose 2010: The first time I tasted the Toad Hollow, in those long ago days o... 
 Congratulations to Rhonda Dugger (330) for guessing closest to the winning number 318! She found an easy way for her and a friend to...
 Aboca’s Italian Grill now open at Meadow and Central: The Richardson-based Italian restaurant Aboca’s Italian Gr... 
 Don't miss  Barefoot at the Belmont with the Trishas & Deadman next Thursday! Get your tickets now: 
 Win 2 tickets to Hard Nights Day! Guess a number 1-1000 here: 
 Hillcrest student wins ‘Retail as Art’ photography contest: Barrett Cole of Hillcrest High School won first plac... 
 Don't miss  Barefoot at the Belmont with the Trishas & Deadman next Thursday! Get your tickets now: 
 Preston Hollow resident named One Man Dallas: Preston Hollow resident Raul Magdaleno is the best representation ... 
 Click here:  and guess 1-1000 to win 1 ticket to Kraig Parker's performance at the Dallas Arboretum on May 24th!
 W.T. White, Hillcrest make national list of top-performing schools: W.T. White and Hillcrest are included in the... 
 The Trinity tollway: A matter of national security: One of the first rules of this business is professionalism. ... 
 Read this week's neighborhood news summary, view weekend events, and enter the weekly news giveaway! 
 Productivity killer: How to Survive the Apocalypse: In case you haven’t heard, the world is going to end this Sa... 
 Local family aims to raise awareness about cerebral palsy: Maximus Xavier Nady was born on August 11, 2008. Just... 
 Date Night Giveaway! Win 2 VIP tickets to the Taste of Addison! (Guess a number (1-1000) here )
 Neighbors voice ideas, concerns about new Preston Royal Library: People love their Preston Royal Library. And af... 
 Ethics reform and the mayor’s race: The question is not whether ethics reform, which former police chief David K... 
 Michael Hinojosa tapped for Georgia job; vows to stay through DISD budget approval: In Sept., Dallas Supt. Micha... 
 Michael Hinojosa may be Georgia school superintendent finalist: The DMN is reporting that DISD Supt. Michael Hin... 
 Parish Episcopal student receives prestigious UT scholarship: This spring, Connor Healy, a senior at Parish Epis... 
 TJ’s Market closing Saturday for renovations: TJ’s Seafood Market has been serving up fresh-from-the-ocean grub ... 
 Allie-Coosh to host ‘Wigs, Wardrobes and Wine’ party tonight: Long-time Snider Plaza fashion boutique Allie-Coos... 
 This weekend: W.T. White Dance Explosion, crawfish party and Jubilee Celebration: Check out all the W.T. White H... 
 A solution to summer boredom? Day camp.: In the minds of children, summer is a time to live footloose and fancy-... 
 Budget cuts will mean fewer cops: Here’s something for the two remaining mayoral candidates to ponder: The lates... 
 Wine review: Domaine du Tariquet Classic 2009: The good news: This is still great cheap wine, and a member of th... 
 W.T. White choirs receive UIL Sweepstakes awards: Earlier in the week, all W. T. White High School choirs perfor... 
 Community meeting May 19 to discuss Preston Royal Library design: Councilman Ann Margolin will host a community ... 
 Preston Hollow moms group donates $6,000 to community: The Preston Hollow Early Childhood PTA has had quite a ye... 
 St. Rita to celebrate 50th anniversary: The St. Rita Catholic Community will celebrate 50 years during its Jubil... 
 Duct tape couple wins Prom King and Queen at Cambridge School: Cambridge School of Dallas seniors, Allie Rogers ... 
 Ron Natinsky’s third-place finish: When the mayoral election campaign started this spring, Far North Dallas coun... 
 Dallas mayor election: Cost per vote so far: Mike Rawlings, the candidate with the most votes in Saturday’s mayo... 
 5-year-old hosts bike rally for Red Cross: We often see children riding their bicycles around the neighborhood f... 
 UNT covers Dallas neighborhoods, food: University of North Texas has a reputable journalism program, and its Nor... 
 Did voters tell City Hall “We’ve had enough?”: The temptation, in looking at yesterday’s council election result... 
 Productivity killer: It’s Friday the 13th: So far, it’s been a pretty ordinary day. But it’s only 2 p.m. on Frid... 
 Date Night Giveaway! Win 2 tickets to Dallas Children’s Theater's ‘Giggle, Giggle, Quack’. (Guess a number (1-1000) here )
 Relay for Life begins today – join or donate: Forty-one teams, including neighborhood groups like the W.T. White... 
 Preston Hollow’s Pete Chapasko on Principal of the Year award: ‘It’s not about me’: On Wednesday, we reported th... 
 This weekend: Rebecca Loebe concert, Tiff’s Treats grand opening and JCC Bagel Run: Award-winning indie folk sin... 
 Check out this week's Preston Hollow Advocate newsletter! 
 WFAA report questions mayoral candidate Mike Rawlings’ actions on Katy Trail initiative: Channel 8′s Brett Shipp... 
 Top five reasons to attend Central Market’s Passport Spain: Did you hear that our neighborhood is getting its ow... 
 Chapasko is DISD Principal of the Year: Our neighborhood public schools received some high recognition from the ... 
 See W.T. White fine arts in action tonight: Come tonight for a glimpse of DISD’s newest Fine Arts Academy housed... 
 Wine review: Hayman & Hill Cabernet Sauvignon 2007: During the Australian wine boom last decade, one of the big ... 
 Ever had a wacky summer job?: Have you ever had a wacky, messy, scary, exciting or embarrassing summer job? Have... 
 Hillcrest Lacrosse wins State Championship: You’ve been hearing a lot about the Hillcrest Lacrosse team here on ... 
 JCC celebrates Israel’s Independence Day tonight: The nation of Israel turns 63 this year, and the Jewish Federa... 
 Jen Rosie Designs launches “Apron of the Month” club: In June, Jennifer Carr of Jen Rosie Designs and the Hot Ma... 
 See where Dallas cops are fighting crime — right now: Here’s an interesting little tidbit offered for free (as o... 
 Mi Escuelita camp teaches kids about Mexican culture: If you’re still looking for summer activities for the litt... 
 Trader Joe’s and Dallas: Robert Wilonsky at the Observer has been suffering greatly in the last week from someth... 
 Your weekly news summary and weekend calendar - Advocatemag.com Newsletter | Preston Hollow  
 Productivity killer: Mother’s Day factoids: Yes, we all know that this Sunday is the day when we all honor our m... 
 Students can learn from renowned architects during summer workshop: Ever wonder about the stories and skills beh... 
 The real issue in the mayoral race: The city is broke. Broke, as in busted. As in no money. As in tapped out. So... 
 Calypso St. Barth Home now open in The Plaza at Preston Center: The Plaza at Preston Center recently welcomed Ca... 
 W.T. White senior receives Eric Louis Brown Scholarship: Antonio Abundes of W.T. White High School has been awar... 
 This weekend: Baseball Parade, Plaza Days and midnight movie: Town North YMCA hosts its Baseball Parade 6-8 p.m.... 
 Time is running out to register for Katy 5k: The Katy 5k is set for 6-9 p.m. May 12 in Reverchon Park, and regis... 
 The Advocate is once again a proud sponsor of the Swiss Ave Mother's Day Home Tour. Get your tickets now & save $5! 
 Good Shepherd students help raise awareness about cerebral palsy: Students at Good Shepherd Episcopal School ban... 
 Wine review: Casteller Brut Rose NV: The two most unappreciated wines in the wine world are rose and sparkling w... 
 Cancel sales tax holiday? State lawmakers say ‘maybe’: Every August for the past 12 years, Texans have flooded s... 
 Jack Wallace’s 1,000 books challenge pays off for Marsh students: In our May issue, we profiled Marsh Middle Sch... 
 Neighborhood Youth Summit to tackle bullying: The Family Place will host the Be Project 2011 Youth Summitt for t... 
 Hillcrest Lacrosse headed to state finals: 
 Advocate video: St. Alcuin Montessori School International Festival: St. Alcuin Montessori School celebrated its... 
 Restaurant talk: Fernando’s: A recent book club gathering was my first time to try this Mexican restaurant in th... 
 Hillcrest alum Brent Stein, a.ka. Stoney Burns dies at 68: Brent Stein, a 1960 graduate of Hillcrest High School... 
 Mooyah coming soon to Northwest Hwy. and Hillcrest: The beloved burger and grilled cheese joint, Mooyah Burgers ... 
 Tootie Pie Co. on Food Network: San Antonio-based and Dallas-bound, the Tootie Pie Co. just released details abo... 
 E.D. Walker girls are 3-time City Champions: The E.D. Walker Middle School girls’ sports program has another Dal... 
 This weekend: International Festival, North Dallas Studio Art Tour and Habima Theatre: 
 Mayoral candidates to speak Thursday at neighborhood forum: There’s another chance to hear from the Dallas mayor... 
 Wine review: Villa Maria Sauvignon Blanc 2010: • The one thing I didn’t like about the Villa Maria ($13, sample,... 
 Hillcrest, W.T. White debaters compete at national championship: The National Urban Debate League tournament bro... 
 DPD, Schreiber Crime Watch to host event deterring vehicle theft: Protecting your car from thieves could be as s... 
 North Dallas Young Life camp fundraiser is Friday: Last Saturday at the Chick-fil-A at Inwood and Forest, about ... 
 Photo: Large bobcat spotted on neighbor’s patio: News about bobcat sightings in the neighborhood is nothing out ... 
 Breast cancer fundraiser Tuesday at Cantina Laredo: If you’re looking to support a great cause Tuesday night, he... 
 Restaurant talk: Dough Pizzeria featured on Food Network’s ‘Diners, Drive-ins and Dives’: You’ve probably heard ... 
 E.D. Walker celebrates Earth Day, planting new garden: Students at E.D. Walker Middle School got their hands dir... 
 High school seniors push through tough times: These students didn’t let life’s blows keep them down. 
 Gio’s Café & New York Deli: Gio’s has become a breakfast hotspot, serving homemade corned beef hash delivered st... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidate Mike Rawlings the budget and the southern sector: In our last Advocate... 
 Moms groups hosting spring programs: If you’re looking to socialize with other young mommies in the neighborhood... 
 Suffering from eco-bag guilt: Tomorrow is Earth Day, and to some degree or another, all of us are trying to do o... 
 This weekend: Bubbles 101, Earth Day at the JCC and Midnight Madness: Whole Foods at Preston and Forest will hos... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidate Mike Rawlings on city government as a business: As most voters know by... 
 Tiff’s Treats coming to Hillcrest Crossing: The corner of Hillcrest and Northwest Highway has seen a lot of chan... 
 Hillcrest Alumni Association still hasn’t picked up steam — how you can help: The vision for a Hillcrest Alumni ... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidate Mike Rawlings on public education: As Election Day approaches, we cont... 
 Wine review: Cline Cellars Zinfandel 2009: Regular visitors here know that I’m quite skeptical about what I call... 
 Despite state and local budget cuts, Marsh Middle School library thrives: While most campus administrators are l... 
 Earth Day in Preston Hollow: Earth Day is this Friday, April 22, and here’s how neighborhood schools, community ... 
 LBJ Express lane closures scheduled, open house April 21: You’ve probably noticed orange cones scattered around ... 
 Artist in residence: Jason Chalker: If you picked up the latest issue of the Observer with the headline, “Welcom... 
 Restaurant talk: Easter brunch: Easter Sunday next week, so here’s a round-up of special April 24 brunch menus i... 
 Productivity killer: Cute Roulette: There’s a new video-sharing system on the web, and it’s not dirty!
 W.T. White grad appears in ‘The Conspirator’: If you’re heading to the movie theater this weekend, take note tha... 
 Date Night Giveaway! Win 2 tickets to the White Rock Home Tour. (Guess a number (1-1000) here )
 Mayoral candidates address Vickery Place homeowners: The “traveling circus” (as David Kunkle describes it) enter... 
 This weekend: Preston Royal Sidewalk Sale, children’s book signing and bilingual storytelling: Stop by Preston R... 
 Near Preston and Forest, why there are eye holes in David Kunkle’s campaign sign: Campaign signs for mayoral can... 
 Win prizes from our newsletter and Facebook contests: 
 Hillcrest teacher a finalist for DISD Teacher Assistant of the Year: Dallas ISD announced its five finalists for... 
 Local student writers to perform poetry Wednesday: WordSpace, a local nonprofit literary arts group that serves ... 
 Dallas goes wet, and Costco goes to Frisco: During last fall’s wet-dry election, we were told repeatedly — and e... 
 Restaurant talk: Celebration to open farmers’ market April 30: It’s about time for some open air produce shoppin... 
 Empowered principal helps NYC public school turn around: This is admittedly a long story, and you have to be int... 
 Go see the BlockCamp QR Code Project at the White Rock Centennial this weekend. 
 Productivity killer: 8 famous movies made by the last person you’d ever expect: Remember that movie “It’s Pat”? ... 
 Date Night Giveaway! Win 2 tickets to the Cavanaugh Flight Museum. (Guess a number (1-1000) here )
 Citizens, employees offer DISD budget-cut ideas: Michael MacNaughton, an appointed member of DISD’s Citizens Bud... 
 Texting while driving soon to be illegal in Texas?: Taking a break from figuring out how to balance the state’s ... 
 Marsh ROTC to establish its own military museum, calling for war memorabilia: Marsh Middle School’s three-time n... 
 Neighborhood musician is part of ‘Booker 3′: You may have already seen him behind a keyboard at Neuhaus Cafe in ... 
 This weekend: Chefs on Fire, ‘Jews and Baseball’ and coffee house jams: The Shops at Park Lane will host Chefs o... 
 Tootie Pie Co. to open at Preston and Royal: A San Antonio-based cafe and bakery will soon move into the space f... 
 Police investigating woman’s death on LBJ overpass: At about 6 p.m. during rush hour Tuesday, a woman believed t... 
 Wine review: Montecillo Rioja Crianza 2007: Let’s get the full disclosure out of the way first. Maria Martinez-S... 
 W.T. White assistant prinicpal passes away: Terry Durr was a big guy, standing at least 6 feet tall. But the sof... 
 Paleontologist visits Good Shepherd Episcopal School: Middle school students at Good Shepherd Episcopal School g... 
 Taste of the Neighborhood to benefit Withers April 9: Sparkman Club Estates will host the second annual Taste of... 
 Productivity killer: April Fools roundup: You probably forgot what day it was until someone pranked you. Well, h... 
 Stratos Greek Tavern to host Japan relief fundraiser: In our April issue, we featured neighborhoods spots for au... 
 This weekend: W.T. White street fair, Dallas Loves Animals and ‘SLANT 45 The Movie’: The W.T. White Street Fair ... 
 Mayoral candidates speak to homeowners groups: Lake Highlands homeowners group last night hosted a mayoral candi... 
 Hillcrest earns top spots at UIL competition: Hillcrest High School competed in the District 12A UIL Tournament ... 
 The April 2011 issue is online, on stands: 
 Hillcrest Biomedical Group expands laboratory: The Hillcrest Biomedical Group now has essential tools at their f... 
 How DISD’s budget slashing can be the opportunity of a generation: One way or the other, the Texas legislature i... 
 Plano mega-church expanding to our neighborhood: Well, it’s actually returning to its roots, according to a WFAA... 
 Photo gallery: Rock ‘n’ Roll Dallas 1/2 Marathon: The Competitor Group of California did a great job of organizi... 
 Friends of Katy Trail to host happy hour mixer: You can find out the latest news regarding the Katy Trail during... 
 Love your animals this weekend: We all need to soak up some positive energy every now and then. And most of the ... 
 Mike Morath likely to DISD trustee job without an election: It’s almost over but the swearing-in for DISD truste... 
 Donate $1 to children’s cancer research, receive a free sub sandwich: Jersey Mike’s Subs has partnered with Wipe... 
 Digital edition: April 2011: 
 Productivity killer: A house with a slide: Our April Home Design issue, which is hitting stands and doorknobs th... 
 Mayoral candidate forum March 28 at Thomas Jefferson: The Dallas Chapter of the Republican National Hispanic Ass... 
 Dough Pizzeria to open in May: Many months ago, news surfaced about a San Antonio-based pizza place expanding to... 
 This weekend: ArtsPark, Super Sunday Phone-a-thon and a makeover: NorthPark Center will host the second annual  ... 
 Newspaper paywalls: How will they impact local journalism?: Beginning March 28, The New York Times will implemen... 
 Local nonprofits offer paid summer internships for college students: It’s never too early to start thinking abou... 
 Tasti-D-Lite to open at Hillcrest Crossing: And the fro-yo wars rage on. A new competitor, Tasti-D-Lite, will mo... 
 Wine review: Notorius 2009: There is a flaw with this wine. It doesn’t have a screwcap. Otherwise, it’s pretty c... 
 Dallas Cowboy Dez Bryant banned from NorthPark: A couple of weeks ago, we talked about the apparently unfounded ... 
 Wellness Week deals in our neighborhood: Costs aside, we all need to take care of ourselves every now and then. ... 
 Trade in a suit at Ken’s, receive a special deal: The guys with Ken’s Man’s Shop and Larry North Fitness have te... 
 No Tie Dinner to benefit AIDS Services March 26: The sixth annual No Tie Dinner and Dessert Party is coming up M... 
 Handicapping the mayor’s race: Voter apathy edition: I was doing some research for my May magazine column, and v... 
 OrangeCup temporarily closes Preston Center, NorthPark locations: OrangeCup frozen yogurt shop has temporarily c... 
 Looks like Melody Caraway (109) is the winner of 2 tickets to The Frog Prince at the Dallas Children's Theater. 
 Date Night Giveaway! Win 2 tickets to The Frog Prince at the Dallas Children's Theater. (Guess a number (1-1000) here )
 Productivity killer: By Year 2000, You Can Sit at Home: That’s what this Dallas Morning News article predicted i... 
 This weekend: Cooking demo, organic festival and hula workshop: TJ’s Seafood Market will host free seafood grill... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidate David Kunkle on the DPA and his opponents: We conclude our Advocate vi... 
 Friends of Hillcrest, Franklin launch annual fundraising campaign: The Friends of Hillcrest High School and Fran... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidate David Kunkle on his charisma — or lack thereof: David Kunkle said in a... 
 Wine review: Layer Cake Primitivo 2008: I’m never quite sure what to make of the Layer Cake wines. A year-old re... 
 Kidville, Lemons to Aid support Japan relief effort: If you’re looking for ways to do your part in aiding the vi... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidate David Kunkle on a ‘livable’ downtown and thriving neighborhoods: Today... 
 Restaurant talk: Goff’s Hamburgers: Most people, especially those have lived in Dallas all their lives, have pro... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidate David Kunkle on re-examining the budget: The Advocate video podcast se... 
 Handicapping the mayor’s race: Yard sign edition: Drove around Dallas north of Northwest Highway for 90 minutes ... 
 Buy your brick now to be part of the Pave The Way campaign for Comerica White Rock Lake Centennial Celebration: www.whiterockdallas.org
 Productivity killer: Best video games of all time: You may have heard that the Smithsonian is presenting, “The A... 
 Comerica White Rock Lake Centennial is kicking off- check out the website for ideas on what’s going on this weekend: whiterockdalls.org
 Jesuit names new prinicpal, Thomas E. Garrison: Jesuit College Preparatory School‘s president-elect, Mike Earsin... 
 Looking for a gift that will last forever? Check out the Comerica White Rock Lake Centennial Celebration's 'Pave The Way' 
 This weekend: Children’s show, Midnight Madness, folk and flower show: Professor Brainus performs at NorthPark C... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidate Ron Natinsky on his opponents and the city council: We continue our co... 
 2 E.D. Walker students among 37 area scholarship recipients: Brooke England and Carlyn Shockley of E.D. Walker M... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidate Ron Natinsky on bringing major companies to Dallas: We continue our co... 
 Wine review: Bogle Sauvignon Blanc 2009: Bogle Vineyards has been, for more than a decade, perhaps the pre-emine... 
 Marsh Cadet Corps short on fundraising for national competition: The Marsh Middle School Cadet Corps is, yet aga... 
 Advocate video podcast: Mayoral candidate Ron Natinsky on the budget crisis: As part of our coverage of the Dall... 
 Preston Hollow Elementary raises more than $3,500 for diabetes: On Friday, students and teachers at Preston Holl... 
 Restaurant talk: Try these desserts: We have no shortage of sweet shops in Preston Hollow, and if you haven’t tr... 
 Update: Handicapping the mayor’s race:  There are less than two months until the mayoral election, and it has be... 
 Productivity killer: Who said it — Charlie Sheen or Muammar Qaddafi?: They are perhaps the two most popular men ... 
 Hey, city hall: Don’t forget to renew domain registration: This time last year, someone at City Hall — the offic... 
 Avance helps struggling DISD families, Vickery Meadow residents: In the March Lake Highlands Advocate we wrote a... 
 This weekend: Rose Festival, health fair and Dallas String Quartet: As rose is a rose is a rose. So, you might a... 
 Happy 'Texas Independence Day', an official Texas state holiday. 
 Hillcrest students earn top debating honors: Last week, the Hillcrest Debate Team attended the Dallas Urban Deba... 
 Wine review: Campodelsole Durano 2009: The Italians continue to amaze. Much of the rest of their wine business m... 
 H&M reveals NorthPark flagship store location: As I was walking toward the NorthPark Center food court, there it... 
 ABC World News invades Disney Streets home: One neighborhood family is receiving national exposure for the amoun... 
 Bulk garbage pickup schedule: Let’s see — we have three mayoral candidates, a mayor, and an ex-mayor. Perhaps on... 
 Read the stories, watch the videos: Our March 2011 issue: 
 Swoozie’s celebrates 10 years in business: Swoozie’s in The Plaza at Preston Center will celebrate it’s 10th ann... 
 District 1 DISD budget meeting is March 3: District 1 Dallas ISD trustee Edwin Flores will hold a community foru... 
 Leppert, hyprocisy, and the U.S. Senate: It’s not a surprise that former Mayor Park Cities, in his lust for high... 
 Productivity killer: 12 dystopian novels to ease our worries: With all the upheaval going on in the Middle East ... 
 Dallas Capoeria offers classes for food: Dallas Capoeria, the Brazilian martial arts school, has partnered with ... 
 Volunteers needed to help E.D. Walker to plant new garden: Earlier this year, E.D. Walker Middle School received... 
 March issue is here! Check out our cover story and videos about neighbors who've come back from rock bottom: 
 True Food Kitchen, Zinburger coming to NorthPark: True Food Kitchen, a self-described “sustainable” restaurant, ... 
 Coming back from rock bottom: These true tales of redemption are being lived, and touching lives, right here in ... 
 DISD asks for budget-cutting ideas: While staring down a potentially $200 million-plus shortfall in state educat... 
 Students participate in Hillcrest’s first-ever Ethics Fair: Hillcrest High School, in partnership with the Rotar... 
 This weekend: ‘Sound of Music’, Day of Dance and folk: The Jewish Community Center presents “The Sound of Music”... 
 UCR Realty hosts student photography contest: Any high school students in Dallas ISD are invited to submit retai... 
 Police address NorthPark gangs, curfew rumors: Rumors about gang problems at NorthPark are unfounded, say police... 
 Just sent the March issue off to the printer. Look for it on  your doorstep, or a shop near you, early next week.
 So long, Mr. Mayor: Apparently, Mayor Park Cities is resigning today to pursue a higher calling — to run for the... 
 Wine review: Falesco Est! Est! Est!!! 2009: Those of us who write professionally do not approve of exclamation m... 
 The world’s most most livable cities? Not Dallas: In fact, we were embarrassed by Pittsburgh, which was ranked a... 
 Rumors of gangs, curfews at NorthPark: Every weekend my 13-year old daughter begs me to drop her off at “the mal... 
 KXT 91.7 FM brings you the best in acoustic, alt-country, indie rock, alternative & world music on the radio & online. 
 Massive DISD campus personnel cuts considered; read the school-by-school list here: I don’t want to bury the lea... 
 Bill Lively reflects on Super Bowl failures: When I interviewed Bill Lively for our January issue, about a month... 
 Restaurant talk: Pie bites at Rosebuds: No matter how fast and furious our lives become, there will always be a ... 
 Productivity killer: Adorable animals: It’s time for our Friday productivity killer, and this week, I’ve come ac... 
 Let some really smart kids wash your car: If your car is still covered in dirt and soot from all the aftermath o... 
 Neighborhood moms open Mom Corps Dallas: Cindy Yared and Amy Steurer recently opened Mom Corps Dallas, a home bu... 
 Tree removal signifies beginning of LBJ Express construction: If neighbors weren’t paying attention to the massi... 
 This weekend: Bingo Thursday, magic show and backyard chickens: Town North YMCA hosts its Family Fun Night 5:30-... 
 Borders to close Preston Royal location: After struggling to compete in the digital market, the bookseller Borde... 
 Preston Hollow native exhibits artwork at area galleries: A local artist’s work is popping up around town quite ... 
 Wine review: Coteaux d’Ancenis La Clotiere 2009: This is why wine is so much fun. I was cutting through the wine... 
 Visit www.artandseek.org each Wednesday to find out what the week’s Big Deal Giveaway is.  
 Kramer Elementary looking for Career Day speakers: Kramer Elementary will present Career Day to its students on ... 
 E.D. Walker, Dealey Montessori receive statewide academic honor: The National Center for Educational Achievement... 
 Neighborhood student advances to Dallas County Private Schools Spelling Bee: Nine spelling champions, fifth to e... 
 Adrift Float Spa opens today at Preston Center: Here’s a concept for you – floating to relieve stress. That’s th... 
 Restaurant talk: Zoe’s Kitchen: 
 Handicapping the mayor’s race: The three-candidate field looks to be set for May’s mayoral election, now that bu... 
 Families lose everything in fire; school counselors seek help: A fire ripped through two units at the Preston De... 
 Productivity killer: The United States of Shame: Humor site Pleated Jeans came out with this map of the U.S., pa... 
 Turtletique closing for renovation: The Inwood Village fashion boutique, Turtletique, will close for a few weeks... 
 Tomorrow & Monday - Valentine's Day Giveaway Extravaganza! Great prizes from local shops, restaurants & Dallas favorites 
 Crave company recognizes neighborhood female business owners: Crave Dallas recently published a book, self-descr... 
 Crime alert: Woman robbed at gunpoint at NorthPark Center: On Tuesday night, a man approached a wealthy 77-year-... 
 This weekend: Art exhibit, ‘Race to Nowhere’: Find some peace and love through children’s art on display now thr... 
 Valentine’s Day events in Preston Hollow: Valentine’s Day falls on Monday, but local deals and events are coming... 
 Photos from W.T. White’s Super Bowl performance: The W.T. White Cabarellas, along with the Thomas Jefferson Libe... 
 Wine review: Cave de Lugny Macon-Villages 2009: The French may have many faults as a wine-producing nation, be i... 
 The Women’s Chorus of Dallas to hold auditions this month: So, you aspire to be on the big stage with fellow tal... 
 Icepocalypse: The Sequel?: I’m not as ready as I want to be — the winter boots I ordered from Amazon probably wo... 
