 Its gettin hot in heeerrrrr ( Heatpocalypse NYC w/ 385 others) 
 Harry Potter! ( Regal UA & IMAX w/ 6 others) 
 I just unlocked the "Harry Potter" badge on  
 Philly bound! ( Megabus Bustop w/ 7 others) 
 I'm at Rooftop at Patroon (160 East 46th, Lexington, New York) 
 Mongolian BBQ!! ( Pergola - 39th St) 
 I'm at Ava Lounge (210 W 55th St (Dream Hotel), b/w Broadway & 7th Ave, New York) w/ 2 others 
 I'm at Smith Point Beach (William Floyd Pkwy, Smith Point) w/ 6 others 
 Irish lads :) ( Trinity Pub) 
 I'm in love. UH-Mazing food! ( Candle Cafe) 
 RT  Advice of Day: when Googling way to buy nice new  scent "Sensuous Nude" for cheap, choose ur words carefully!
 Finally! Drinks with my loves :) ( 'Disiac Lounge w/  
  Guys-so sad about this.Friend & I waited 45mins, went to 2 locals to find u & her veg bowl is all wrong!Shes sad & disappointed
 Highlight of my day. ( Korilla BBQ w/ 11 others) 
 RT  New location!!! Korilla 2.0 will be in the Garment District today! Well be opening near the diamond district! Broadway b ...
 Happy 4th of July! 
  me too. You have no idea.
 Need I say more? 
 Yes, please. ( Ocean Beach w/ 16 others) 
 I just unlocked the "Swimmies" badge on  
 Zarkana! ( Radio City Music Hall w/ 8 others) 
 Best. Lunch. EVER! ( Korilla BBQ) 
 I'm at Westville Chelsea (246 W 18th St, 7th & 8th Ave, New York) 
 I'm at Don's Bogam BBQ & Wine Bar (17 E 32nd St, btw 5th and Madison, New York) w/ 2 others 
 I'm at R/GA Friday Food Truck Fantastico (350 W 39TH ST, 8th and 9th Ave, New York) 
 I'm at PointRoll New York Headquarters (520 8th Avenue, 37th Street, New York) w/ 2 others 
 BRING IT ON. New seasons of WEEDS and THE BIG C premiere Monday 6/27 staring at 10PM ET/PT only on SHOWTIME! 
 Life is good. Love it up people...love it up.
  love it! Thanks for the treat stupid!
 I'm at Upstairs 
  let's pay for lunch in pennies everyday.
  morning! Looking gorgeous out today! Aren't you coming to the big city soon?
  Its like Easter. Its like a BOOBY Easter.
   - welcome to NYC!
  they were all out of apples! Oddly enough your picture was on the walls calling you the apple bandit. Howd the find out?
 I'm at The Standard Biergarten (848 Washington St, btwn Little W. 12th & 13th Sts., New York) w/ 2 others 
 I'm at Pop Burger (60 9th Ave., btwn 14th & 15th, New York) 
 I'm at The Standard Biergarten (848 Washington St, btwn Little W. 12th & 13th Sts., New York) w/ 7 others 
 Checking out the new office! Drinking beers and selecting desks :) ( Ripple6 Global HQ) 
 I'm at Rare View (303 Lexington Ave, 37th st, New York) w/ 4 others 
  Thanks for the info!  I will be sure to check 'em out :-)
  Thanks for the recommendation! 
 Thank you   You are wonderful!
 Can I anyone recommend a venue for  upstate  Deets:180ppl; quality food, bright rooms, unique setting, CA style  
 Can I anyone recommend a venue for  in  Deets:180ppl; quality food, bright rooms, unique setting, CA style. 
 Can I anyone recommend a venue for weddings in the  Deets:180ppl; quality food, bright rooms, unique setting, CA style 
 I'm at Molly Pitcher's Ale House (1641 2nd Ave, at 85th, New York) 
 I'm at Central Park (59th St to 110th St, 8th Ave to 5th Ave, New York) w/ 51 others 
 I'm at Abe & Arthur's (409 West 14th Street, 9th ave, New York) w/ 3 others 
  I'm pretty sure that's me AND my city's way of saying, 'Get your ass here. Now. Thanks.'
  I know, I've been so absent on Twitter. Sad face. When are u in town? Would love to connect!
  walking home from work and thinking of you!! 
 I'm at PointRoll, Inc. (51 E. 42nd St., New York) 
  lol. Have checked the mail in days. But I will tmw!!
 I'm at Midnight Blue (1640 2nd Ave, 85 st, New York) 
 Happy birthday Mom! / Rapture part-tay. ( Cool Water Grill) 
  I had the Asada tacos and they were UH-MAZING! :)
 I'm at Dos Caminos Park Avenue (373 Park Ave S, at 27th St, New York) 
 I'm at Baker Street Pub (1152 1st Ave, at 63rd St., New York) 
 I'm at Kati Roll (49 W 39th St, btw 5th & 6th, New York) w/ 3 others 
 Yay for PB & J time! ( Vapiano) 
 I'm at Quaker Steak And Lube 
  Yaaaay!!!!!!! You just made my day :)
  my Prada is falling aparta! I miss you!!!!!!!!!!
 Happy 30th Birthday Nicky!! ( Mount Airy Golf Club - Mount Airy Course) 
 New  fries are I LOVE FRIES!  GIMMMMEEE.  
  far too kind coming from the Father of  himself!
  with you? UM, HELL YES!! When?!
 I'm at Flex Mussels (172 E 82nd St, btw Lexington & 3rd Ave, New York) 
 I'm at Lavo Restaurant and Nightclub (39 E 58th St, at Madison Ave, New York) w/ 13 others 
  c'mon girl! U know that's soooo me ;)
 I'm at Tao (42 E 58th St, Madison & Park Ave, New York) w/ 3 others 
 I just unlocked the "Lookin' for Love" badge on  
 I'm at Nobu 57 (40 W 57th St, btw 5th & 6th, New York) 
 I'm at Bryant Park (btw 40th & 42nd St, btw 5th & 6th Ave, New York) w/ 52 others 
 Lunch outside. Yum. ( Bryant Park w/ 28 others) 
 Brunch with Mama :) ( Nice Matin w/ 4 others) 
 Hell.yes. ( Boat Basin Café w/ 17 others) 
 RT  A List of NYC Street Fairs This Weekend 
 I'm at New York Penn Station (1-2 Penn Plz., btwn 31st & 33rd St., New York) w/ 83 others 
 I'm at 30th Street Station (2955 Market St, at 30th St, Philadelphia) w/ 10 others 
 LOVE!! RT  Listenin 2 Fleetwood Mac's Gypsy & thinking of   Wish u were here at   
  I struggled to, but yes, we finally did :)
 Orange infused ice water may just be the best thing about my day 
 I'm at Plaza Azteca (351 Plymouth Rd, Plymouth Meeting) 
 Seriously hate suburbia. Takes WAY too long for a cab. 
 I'm at Dolce HoteL (301 W Dekalb Pk, King of Prussia) 
  it was! And with the PR crew to boot! Wish you were here :)
 I'm at The Gypsy Saloon (128 Ford Street, near Route 23, West Conshohocken) 
 I'm at 30th Street Station (2955 Market St, at 30th St, Philadelphia) w/ 10 others 
  I am! Having dinner with Mom when I get in. Is 10 too late or tmw better? Miss you!
 I'm at New York Penn Station (1-2 Penn Plz., btwn 31st & 33rd St., New York) w/ 72 others 
 I'm at BLT Prime (111 E 22nd St, btw Park Ave & Lexington, New York) 
 I'm at PointRoll, Inc. (51 E. 42nd St., New York) 
 2 RT tix  long island =$47. I feel robbed! For that price they should install cup holders per seat so I don't have to hold my coffee.
 I'm at New York Penn Station (1-2 Penn Plz., btwn 31st & 33rd St., New York) w/ 43 others 
 Happy Easter! ( St. Monica R.C. Church) 
 Can you find the Bean? 
     Nice!  Group  hug. :-)
 Ditto. --> RT  I need a nap
 I'm at PointRoll, Inc. (51 E. 42nd St., New York) 
 Little disappointed that my lace Easter eggs did not turn out like Martha Stewart's did. I followed the video tutorial exactly! What gives?
    You girls are awesome!  HEARTS! Cant wait to get together all at the same time in DeTROIT! XOXO
 I'm at PointRoll, Inc. (51 E. 42nd St., New York) 
 I'm at Chipotle Mexican Grill (150 E 44th, btw 3rd & Lexington, New York) 
 I'm at PointRoll, Inc. (51 E. 42nd St., New York) 
 I'm at Kobe Sushi 
  I had to play catch up as well.  But the series became like candy to me and I would blow through 3-4 episodes a night.
 There's no snow in NYC!  60's, sunny & Spring! Just sayin ;-) RT  Snow!!!???? That's it! I'm moving back down south.
  Well?!  Did you watch?  And if so, are you officially addicted? ;-)
 I'm at Pottery On 2nd (1566 2nd ave, New York) 
  start on the Dexter series? (If u haven't already watched of course)
 Dinner with the fam :) ( Vespa) 
 I just unlocked the "4sqDay 2011" badge on  
  Italian tonight, not sure about tmw yet. My 10 yr old sis can be a little picky  times. We'll see what shes in the mood 4.
 RT  I've officially declared 4/16  Day in NYC  
  Museums, parks, crafts, movies, shopping and EATING!  I like to think I am a Foodie.  Does that count? ;-)
 I'm at PointRoll, Inc. (51 E. 42nd St., New York) 
  Nice!! I do actually! My lil sister is coming in to spend the weekend with me and we have a LOT on the agenda :) You?
  hahah! Not really, but I was a little intimidated by all the choices & you should order by color of container not by size. :-)
  Do you have a Hale & Hearty in Portland?  When you (ever!) visit NYC, we will def go.  They are great!
  Doing pretty fantastical John!  The Sabar food truck was parked outside my building - FREE HUMMUS!  How bout you?
 Free Humus! ( Sabra Truck) 
 I'm at Avanti Nail & Spa (888 8th Ave, Between 52 and 53, New York) 
 This Curry Butternut Squash with Chicken soup from Hale & Hearty is to die for. No wonder they have limited quantities.
 Using Facebook Effectively in Your Marketing Mix
  Its been rainy and cold here since Monday!  Maybe I was just spoiled by a few days in sunny FL. ;-)
 5 Ways to Use Facebook Effectively in Your Marketing Mix  via     
 Hello Sun! So great to finally see you. You have been missed terribly! With love, Amanda from 
  check it out! A whole article dedicated to your favorite. Martha rocks. Nuff said. 
  OMG You didn't have to do that!! Thank U!! Sheesh I kinda owe u my 1st born at this rate :) Can't wait to get the 1st issue!
 I'm at PointRoll, Inc. (51 E. 42nd St., New York) 
  I don't. Just 'living'. Do you?
  morning!! Guilty. ;) Do you 4sq?
  OK, as a 4sq junkie, THIS I love.  
  lmao!  Nice one.
  AWE! So cute!!!!  
  Im stumped! Do Not Tweets? Drink Nice Teas?
  Do share!
    Oh boy...hope it wasnt "It" Poor kiddo will never want to go to the circus again
  ALWAYS!  Nite!
  HA!  I think its the big hair ;-) 
  Great chatting with you too - hope to meet you IRL soon before you make the big move to a land that calls us Yankees! ;-)
  LOL!  Fashionably late means less cause for mayhem ;-)   
  It is nice, but I sure do miss the high 80's and sunny, been cold and raining here all day.
  Whish we could have chatted more!  Where you from on LI? I grew up in East Islip. 
  LOL!  Whoops!  Wow - I am REALLY out of  chat practice. 
    That she does!  A woman of many talents that 
  Thursday works for sure.  Say 9pm ET?
  Awe!  So sweet! 
  BTW - we still on to chat tmw?  Or was it Thursday? 
  Thanks Jeff! Just realzied its 10pm and I am just now getting off the phone to join :-( Another missed week of 
 Trying to catch up on the  convo. I realize I'm being a brat by asking but where are we w/the topic tonight? Late & feeling lost :/
  Cocktail needed, FOR SURE!  
  Hey Marsha!  Good to see you too.  Been missing the tribe for weeks! 
  Hi Linda!  How are you?   is jammin tonight, eh?
  LOL! Yes, I am very much alive...but barely keeping my head above water! Many new things on here at  
  You have a new twitter, Roy!  Man oh man, I have missed A LOT! 
  Hi lady! I'm not MTing too well. My eyeballs aren't as trained to keep up anymore, been out of practice too long Miss u 2 
   Helllooooooo!!!!  Im on the phone and trying to MultiTask and follow the  steam...
 Its always a glorious day when I open my mail box to see that my Martha Stewart magazine has arrived. Joy!
 I just unlocked the "Barista" badge on  
 If I could mainline  straight to the jugular, that would be great.
  Right now, rainy! Yuk! Def miss beautiful blue skies and high 80's.
  nevermind. Just read an article. Boo hoo. :(
  me too! What happened?!
 Seeing buds on these  trees makes me so happy. 
 Morning  Let me know if you still want to talk metrics stuff today. Hope you had a great weekend!
 These 4 beers in my fridge look way too good for a Monday night.
 Hello  I've missed you my love.
  Wow! That's close to my hood. Philly is gr8 town too. Have some friends there. Agree, FL weather for most the year is gr8!
 I'm at Dr. Giordano Dentist (2171 Jericho Turnpike, Commack) 
  what part of town did you work in in NYC? My family gets down much more often then I. I probably go 2x a year.
  indeed! Great people watching! Where are u now in FL?
  it was marvelous, simply MARVELOUS! ;)
  have you been down there lately? So many new restaurants opened on Atlantic Ave.
  my family has a place down there so we come down often to recharge the batteries. ;) Mom lives in NY too.
 Hello NY! ( Long Island MacArthur Airport (ISP)) 
 I'm at Im On A Plane (west palm) 
  hey John! It was fabulous! Thx! Perfect weather, great food, spa treatments, beach lounging and QT with Mom..total bliss :)
 I'm at Palm Beach International Airport (PBI) (1000 Turnage Blvd, West Palm Beach) 
 Last dinner in FL before we head back. Boo. :( ( City Oyster and Sushi Bar) 
 I'm at The Beach  Delray Beach (1 North Ocean Boulevard, Atlantic Ave., Delray Beach) w/ 6 others 
 Brunch and bloodys on the beach! ( Prime-steak-sushi-seafood) 
 I'm at Caliente Kitchen (8 E Atlantic Ave, Swinton, Delray Beach) 
 Spa with Ma ( eden day spa) 
 I'm at Crepes By The Sea 
 RT  Free yoga begins at 11am in Brooklyn! 
 I'm at Cupcake Couture (327 E Atlantic Avenue, Delray Beach) 
 I just unlocked the "Just Desserts" badge on  
 I'm at Lemongrass Asian Bistro (420 E Atlantic Avenue, Delray Beach) 
 Spending time with my mom is seriously the best thing ever. 
 Beach time baby! ( The Beach  Delray Beach w/ 2 others) 
 I'm at Boston's Of Delray Beach (Delray Beach) 
  thanks!!
 I'm at Palm Beach International Airport (PBI) (1000 Turnage Blvd, West Palm Beach) w/ 8 others 
 I just unlocked the "JetSetter" badge on  
  PS. Thank you!!! I LOVE my job :)
  showed mom your tweet. She wants u to know that she is proud of & happy 4 u b/c u are doing so well! & wants to C u nxt time.
  thanks!!!
 FL bound with Mama! ( Long Island MacArthur Airport (ISP)) 
 The fact that Mumford & Sons is trending on  right now makes me really happy.
 Another earthquake hits Japan. What is going on here?! 
   lingo can be confusing.This glossary of terms will get U "in the know" for the wave of the future 
 As a "Shopaholic" myself and a lover of brand engagement, your post hits dead on Daryn!    cc 
 I knew me and my current employer were a match made in heaven. Can you say tattoo fun?!  CC:  
 I just ousted Sophia J. as the mayor of Chang's Nails on  
 One last meal with  before she heads out. Sad :( ( Osha Thai Kitchen) 
 How does  make its money? (Am I the only one that doesn't know this?)
 RT  Brooklyn Flea Market Opens In Williamsburg Location: NY1 
 Tapas, Spanish Red, MJ and  spells perfection.
 A wine stop amongst our shopping adventures? You bet! ( Mambo 'taliano) 
 Knock off bag shopping with  is the best.time.EVER. Can't wait to celebrate these fine purchases over a glass of vintage vino.
 Brunch with my favorite lady! ( Yorkville Creperie) 
 Happies! ( PS 450) 
  that sounds so disgusting....but I have a mug here...and willing to try. ;)
  its the MOST surreal thing isn't it?!?! Ok, is it play time yet?! :) xoxox
  wait what? When?
 I'm at Cask Bar + Kitchen (167 E 33 St., at 3rd Ave., New York) 
  um, you're not reading the right book then.
  Sally!! Unacceptable! Here I was all ready to talk HP with you this weekend.  I'll whip her into shape in no time.
 I'm at La Biblioteca de Tequila (622 Third Ave at 40th St, New York) 
  thanks Abs! And likewise :) how IS the new gig going?!  
 I'm at PointRoll, Inc. (51 E. 42nd St., New York) 
  can't wait to see you in a few days!! PS- cats are at grannys!
  thanks girl!
 New decade. New job. New do. New perspective. Feeling great and ready to rock these 30's. Beyond excited!
 Beerfest 2011! ( Shadowbrook) 
 I'm at Metro North - Tarrytown Train Station (1 Depot Road, Tarrytown) 
 Taco Tuesdays! ( Pepe Patron) 
 I just ousted Al L. as the mayor of Pepe Patron on  
 I'm at Equinox (203 E 85th St, at 3rd Ave, New York) w/ 3 others 
  I would dare to say that is your best decision of 2011! Thanks  for making her see the light! How'd ya do it?
  awe! Thanks girl. I feel the exact same about you. Oh the many celebrations this year, I love it! Nothing but gr8 times ahead
 Picking up the cc! ( Rare View w/ 2 others) 
 I'm at Finnigan's Wake (537 N Third St, at Spring Garden St, Philadelphia) w/ 4 others 
 Saw Doctors!! ( Theatre of the Living Arts (TLA) w/ 4 others) 
 I'm at The Blarney South (328 South St, Philadelphia) 
 I'm at Jim's Steaks (400 South St, S 4th St, Philadelphia) 
 Happy St. Patrick's Day! Cheers all. Grab yourself a pint and toast to the Irish! ( Slainte Pub & Grill) 
 I'm at 30th Street Station (2955 Market St, at 29th St, Philadelphia) w/ 15 others 
 Officially off to see my girls! ( Megabus to/from Philadelphia) 
 About to celebrate my Irish heritage for the 2nd time in 4 days. Hip hip hooray for corned beef and cabbage!!
 I'm at Backyard Ale House w/  
 Happy St. Patricks Day!! ( Scranton St. Patrick's Day Parade w/ 21 others) 
 Vote Tom Borthwick for Scranton School Board! ( Kilcoyne's w/  
 RT  For  vision AND action,      and  ...
 I'm at New York Penn Station (1-2 Penn Plz, btwn 31st St & 33rd St, New York) w/ 82 others 
 I'm at Madison Square Garden (4 Penn Plaza, btw 7th & 8th Ave, New York) w/ 46 others 
 I'm at 30th Street Station (2955 Market St, at 29th St, Philadelphia) w/ 11 others 
 I'm at Piv's Pub (9811 York Rd, Cockeysville) 
 I'm at Baltimore Marriott Hunt Valley Inn (245 Shawan Rd, at I-83, Hunt Valley) 
   I chose yellow! ;) thanks for the warm welcome!! 
 I'm at Baltimore Marriott Hunt Valley Inn (245 Shawan Rd, at I-83, Hunt Valley) 
 I'm at G&M Restaurant & Lounge (804 N Hammonds Ferry Rd, at Nursery Road, Linthicum Heights) 
 Getting off light rail now. Thank you for such a warm welcome  Looking forward to engaging with this awesome group of peeps!!
  thank you!! 
  Thanks! So looking fwd to it :) 
  closer to baltimore. Hunts Valley actually 
  thanks so much. Honored by the warm welcome. Heard amazing things about this group, very much looking fwd to the convos. 
  one day biz trip to meet with a client for dinner and small team meeting tmw morning. 
       Fabulous! Looking fwd to playing in the sandbox w/ ya'll!  
     oops! He may have actual said business man. Was nvr good   the whole listening thing 
       You guys are cracking me up already!! Boob grabs and all.  
     Yes! It is German...means 'salesman.' Or so my dad says. ;)
  You in the Baltimore area? 
  haha! Thank you!! And I'll take yellow please :) Happy to be here. 
  YOU ROCK!   
     WOW!! Thank you all! Feeling like a major group hug right now :)  
  travel to a client dinner and team meeting. Too many trains for one Panda!
  thanks for the mention Tristan!   
 RT  Social  101: Embrace  in the   via 
   do they have subways here? Or is it stage coaches only? 
 I'm at Baltimore Washington Airport 
 1/2 way to MD. ( 30th Street Station w/ 5 others) 
 MD bound. ( New York Penn Station w/ 39 others) 
 I'm at Kobe Sushi 
   sorry! I meant no offense gents. Honest!  Got caught up with the day job. Zoinks!
 I'm at Chang's Nails (401 E 78th Street, New York) 
 My heart pitter-patters for Football.
 I'm at The Shops at Columbus Circle (10 Columbus Circle, 58th & 60th St, New York) 
 I'm at Rue 57 (60 W 57th St, 6th Ave, New York) 
  Thank you for your awesomeness!  
 RT  For stellar service wisdom, I         and  ...
 The Back Room or bOb Bar tonight for birthday shenanigans?  help me decide!  Please and thank you :-)
 I'm at La Mela (167 Mulberry St., btw Broome St. & Grand St., New York) 
 1/2 days are so naaaace. Especially on a Friday. Yay for early weekend play time!
 RT      Thanks for helping to spread my madness, guys.  It's a real tweet to know you ...
 SOCIAL CUSTOMER CARE 101: Embrace  in the  or Learn to Fake It  via    <brilliant!
  Thanks for the RT Dubs!
  you too!
  Thanks for the mention via  !
 RT  The Customer Service Weekly is out!  ▸ Top stories today via   
  Hey B2 - we had to use your post again :-) Check out the latest -->  
 4 tips to PRO-actively get positive feedback from customers through  VS. RE-acting to social media warfare  
  Missed you all and the  chat as well.  I was SO hoping to join this week but got caught up in a work deadline. :(
 WOW, was this badge made for U or what?! RT  I just unlocked the "Fresh Brew" badge on  
 Love this! RT  Do you hear that? That's the sound of YOUR customers, tweeting THEIR truths! 
 Crazy unexpected morning = massive afternoon headache. Wah. Ok I'm done.
 In  we are v. good at measuring stuff, especially stuff about agents! But are U measuring the wrong things? 
  Christina is one of  the MANY who are lucky to know you and you have you in their lives.  Myself included.
  Ty, what an awesome post & truly inspiring story. Thank you for sharing (& for making me a bit teary).  Cont... (1 of 2)
 RT  My New Post Teach Your Children Well: Business Mentoring      
 RT  RT  Instead of an annual review, how about an ongoing conversation?    
 RT  Are your call center scripts working for or against you? (blog)    
 I just unlocked the "Bender" badge on  
 Buy 1 get 1 50% off on Jeans, woot!! ( Express) 
 Food coma from lunch...this is not good for post-noon productivity (on a Friday no less).
 I'll 2nd  that! RT  In case I haven't said it lately,  is the man.   ...    
 I just unlocked the "Crunked" badge on  
 V TRUE! RT  Make HUMOR a key metric in ur  Laughing matters - to reps AND customers. Think Zappos & Southwest. 
 RT  The Customer Service Weekly is out!  stories today via    
 RT  3 Top secret call center tips for budget friendly alternatives to Virtual Queuing Technology  
 RT  Honoring, Dad Tim Sullivan this wk w/his pic as my Twitter avi. He passed away this wk 4 yrs ago. Miss ya Pop! 
 RT   will save your soul. Another wise mantra from  
  Thanks for the post and for sharing.
 Dinner w/  :) ( Pepe Patron) 
 I just unlocked the "Local" badge on  
 I just ousted  as the mayor of TPR Headquarters on  
 I'm at Starbucks (1631 1st Ave, at 85th St, New York) 
 I'm at McAleer's Pub & Restaurant (425 Amsterdam Ave, btw 80th & 81st, New York) 
 I just unlocked the "Animal House" badge on  
 Day with the fam :) ( American Museum of Natural History w/ 6 others) 
 I just unlocked the "Photogenic" badge on  
 Thanks :) RT   the A Team        ..
  My poll just closed! Check out the results -->   PS - Hope you had a great birthday!
 I'm at Grand Central Terminal (87 E 42nd St, New York) w/ 22 others 
 I'm at Knitty City (208 West 79th St, New York) 
 Life is short, even in your longest days. ~ John Mellencamp
 Brunch with Mama! ( Yorkville Creperie) 
 John Mellencamp's, "Save some time to dream" might just be my new fave song. 
 John Mellencamp! Woot! ( Radio City Music Hall) 
 Sooo, I found out today that I am ruled by the full moon.  This explains SO much.
 I just unlocked the "Historian" badge on  
  peeps! Its gorgeous outside today! Do yourselves a favor and take a lunch outside. Jacket not required.
  Understand. Its just hard to follow convos or see true content. Curious, why was it part of ur mktg in the 1st place? 
 I may be late to the game, but its REALLY starting to annoy me now. Anyone know how to get this  ad OUT of the  stream?
  Happy Birthday!!  Hope you have a great time tonight :-) 
 I'm at Burger 1 NY (1150 Lexington Ave, 79th St & 80th St, New York) 
 Busy day! Just eating lunch now...at 4:07pm.
 Thanks to everyone who participated in my  and  poll. Looking to create a blog with the results! 
 Thanks to everyone who participated in my   &  poll. Looking to create a blog with the results!  
  Thanks and same to you! Its almost Friday, woot!
  Teleportation is my favorite mode of transportation. (and most desired super power) ;-)
 Absolutely! RT  Good service starts w/a great attitude. It's hard to be upset when someone smiles at you -and means it. 
  Thanks for the RT yesterday, Part 3 in our Virtual Queuing will post today!
  Thanks for the RT yesterday on Part 2 of our Virtual Queuing blog series :-) Posting Part 3 today!
 Thanks for the mention Skip!       Review is out! 
  Thanks, Barry!  You rock!! :-)
  "Neither" was on my 1st poll & on that one many wanted "both!"  I'll put together a follow up question :-) w/more details
 Mind taking my 3 second poll on social media? Thank you in advance :-)     
 How to calculate pulling the trigger on long call center wait times. (New Blog)      
 RT  Words to live by per  |  | In  we ALL live in glass houses ... 
 Holy needing to break for lunch Batman.
 This is why I cant' go near Times Square!  Finally, I am diagnosed.  
 How to calculate pulling the trigger on long call center wait times.  via  and   
 RT  New Post Twitterville Etiquette Quote THIS!   
 Congratulations to 2011 Elite Customer Experience Award Winners for their 365 day commitment to  excellence! 
 Congratulations to 2011 Elite Customer Experience Award Winners for their 365 day commitment to customer-centricity! 
   Happy Birthday to a fab  lady! Enjoy the slopes! :-)
 When would U be MORE likely to use  social media to talk about your customer service experience?  
 Vday is whack unless its with BFFs :) ( Brasserie Julien) 
 Holy gorgeous day for a walk in  Woot! AND the Christmas tree grave yard from my street was taken away. Double woot!
  Thank YOU for participating :-)
  Once the scientific data has been compiled I'll let you know the results.  ;-)  Blog post will follow too, I am sure :-)
  Mix of both. Would love to turn the results into a blog post or a topic to discuss w/our biz partners. But also just very curious.
  When would U be MORE likely to use twitter/other forms of social media to talk about your  experience? 
  Cute new pic!  How you feeling?
 RT  Treasure those U luv everyday, not just on 2day. This is just a Hallmark Holiday. Luv is an everyday gift & right 
 Charlie's (aka  Christening ( St Lucy's Church) 
 A night of poker with the loves of my life. It doesn't get any better. Nope, it doesn't.
 Getting it started! ( Mount Airy Casino w/ 3 others) 
  MMM, Heineken is also a good staple. In fact, its almost that time, isnt' it? Join me? I've had Sam Adams Cherry but never KL
  Thanks for the RT on this blog! 
  Are you a beer fan too?
   I love darker brews, lagers, reds. I haven't had a Belgium beer I didn't like. But an everyday beer for me would be Becks.
  U? A grinch? Naahh, never.  Just doesn't make much sense for B2B biz, IMO. Fav beer...tough TOUGH question...
  You gave me food for thought to do the same with our business FB page.  My personal one, is just too near and dear to me :-)
 Nice post! Why  is leaving Facebook. Check it out -->  
 Processes, strategies & steps to turn customer feedback into action & avoid social media attacks   
 THX! RT  RT  Here's part 2 of the blog. Action plans? Yes, please!  <fantastic follow up post!
  How are you feeling buddy?
 Egypt is FREE!! Woot!
 Back atcha Richard! RT   of great people       ..
 U 2 B1!! RT  long-lost  buds       .... 
  Happy Friday, B2. Here's part 2 of the blog.  Action plans?...Yes, please! 
  Meant every word. Seriously, I look fwd to it every Fri. Nice little LOL moments w/the self. Have yourself a great weekend too!
 The Call Center Glossary. Another homerun blog post by     
  Thanks!  And thank you for the feedback.  Great idea for a follow up poll too. 
 RT   When would you be more likely to use twitter or other  to talk about your  experience? 
  2 words. H.O.T & CLASSY!  Thats how we do. ;-) Happy Friday, Jen. Cheers!
  Right?!  I thought so too, just need some validation.  Still OK if in public, yes?
  Totally would have, but was on the train. Damn public transportation inconveniences. :-P
    U guys rock & make me feel better about my rationale Unfort, I I left corkscrew in other purse 
  Awesome, thanks so much! 
  thanks! Where is the Savannah House located?
  wow! Thx for reaching out. We'll be heading up in May, would luv some insights on what's going on then! (special events etc.) :)
 How tacky is it to drink wine from the bottle? I mean, you can drink beer from the bottle and no one says boo. Just askin...
  You crack me up, Jay! Its comforting to know I'm not the only one who talks to random objects. Wait...you do too, right? ;)
   110% agree with you!!
