 I just finished day 1 of the Why Does God Love Me? Bible reading plan from  Check it out here: 
 Early dinner of pasta and wine. Now I 
  thanks, Kat!
 Time to work. 2 weeks this will all be behind me.
 I lost my best boy - my sweet & precious orange cat Opie.  He's no longer suffering but my heart aches.  Love forever. <3
 I hate how much I love  
 fingers crossed the wine helps my writer's block. Note to self: don't submit assignment tonight.
 I am clearly not getting any work done today. 
 RT  New episode of Giuliana & Bill tmrw (monday) at 8/7c on Style network. Retweet to win autographed 4pack of our books ...
  that's awesome. I have a diabetic cat so there's a place in my heart for the "special" ones.
 The things we do for our pets. Just scooped cold wet food with my finger and shoved it in his mouth. Ish.
 My homework gets done more slowly when I sing along to  while working but it makes me happy.
 RT  People will hate you, rate you, break you and shake you. How strong you stand is what makes you.
 RT  I want to be the girl your ex will hate, your mom will love, and the one you're never going to forget.
 Yesterday I received 3 gorgeous dresses for back-to-school time from  and then maybe ordered 2 cardigans last night.
 Today I will dedicate myself to checking off as many school assignments as I can.  Goal: 5
 RT  "You know it's hot when Matt Lauer breaks out seersucker." -
 Just bought   by   on Nook for iPad for $2.99!
   But the US women are awesome!
 RT  Facebook: a place where people announce their problems to the world but not to the person they have a problem with.
 I need  to give me a lesson in 
 RT  Watch season premiere of Giuliana & Bill!!! Monday at 8/7c on Style network. Retweet to win autographed 4pack of our books:)
 RT  Watch season premiere of Giuliana & Bill!!! Monday at 8/7c on Style network. Retweet to win autographed 4pack of our ...
 RT  ♥ Fancy a RedRock goody bag worth £25? All you have to do is 'Follow Us' & Retweet this msg to be in with a chance  ...
 I love an afternoon thunderstorm. 
 QOTD from my dad: use your tools to figure it out instead of playing guessing games. 
 RT  Getting over someone doesn't mean you stop loving them. It simply means you started loving yourself more. 
 One Day and Smokin' Seventeen  fiction weekend
 I desperately need a pool boy. I hate that I have to go buy chlorine myself.
 just started the GAP-tastic cowl 
 I like this  yarn by 
 I think today is best suited to watching  and knitting something squishy.
       
  wow. I'm so sorry.
 Sometimes it's the friends you forget you have that say the kindest words.
  Rachel, Finn, & Kurt better go to college near Lima!
 Chocolate malt ice cream. 
 RT  RT  Breaking: Black Dude tells large contingent of old white men that they have to pay their fucking bills.   ...
 You danced like a whore and ... I LOVED it! 
 RT  You can't make the same mistake twice, the second time you make it, it's no longer a mistake, it's a choice.
 Wonders if  is up late or early.
 RT  SINGLE is NOT a status. It's a word that best describes a person who is strong enough to live and enjoy life without d ...
 RT  Tom Hanks plays a knitting joke on Julia Roberts. Love this video! RT  LOL! (via  http ...
 RT  Open wounds never heal if you keep reopening them. Leave the people that are hurting you out of your life.
 Pretty excited to get my new sandals from  
 RT  Go where you are adored, not where you are ignored.
 Was that Ms Credential? 
 I thought I heard they were getting a painter. How did she spill all that white paint! 
 I think it is safe to say I'd never watch that reporter's show. Bitchy bossy! 
  ortho? I thought you were talking retainers and braces! Ha! 
 I still dream of being  kissing  or 
  I wonder if we're sisters because my dad's sock lines are just as funny!
  I've preordered   
 RT  *Pretty please* RETWEET this to help me win a walk-on role on the show Falling Skies  (In 2nd place& shame ...
 I wish it would start raining again so I'd feel less guilty about eating popcorn in bed whilst watching  on the DVR.
  I love Little House! I longed to be Mary. Well, until the fire and blindness.
 Great giveaway!   is having a  where you could  jewelry from   
 In love with   Now I want to move to France.
 RT  If u heard the rumor that Jerry Springer offered Casey Anthony 1mill to come on his show...happy to report Springer  ...
 I think it is perfectly normal to have pets as my children. 
 I've used my heating pad a lot lately.  
 I may have to bring a "travel mug" to class tonight.
 July 13th?  Wow. 
 feeling the burn(out).
  "Anger dwells only in the bosom of ducks (fools)." paraphrased Einstein.
 I don't think I can put off walking the dog in the rain any longer.
 I love that my dog sleeps on my lap when I'm doing homework on the computer.
 I'm stalking UPS waiting for my  order to arrive with my 
 Just ordered three dresses from  - can't wait! 
  I'm poised and ready to shop  too!
 I cast on for this  shrug. 
 Watching Julie & Julia makes me want to roast a chicken and eat chocolate cake and drink lots of wine. 
 RT  Somewhere on Death Row in California, Scott Peterson is wishing he had lived in Florida. 
 What will take up all my daytime hours now? 
 Amen.  Sick to my stomach over Anthony ruling. God let that poor little baby rest in peace.
 Damn.
 Waiting for verdict to be read before 2:30 conf call. 
 RT  15% OFF Sale 
 Red White & Blue! 
 Watching a show on cheese and maybe just set DVR. 
 One class ends.  Another begins.  
 Am I brave enough for a Multnomah? 
  omg! me too! 
 my hand hurts. 
 RT  Want to knit or crochet for chemo patients, others facing life-threatening illnesses?Check out Knots-of-Love: http: ...
 “I will praise the Lord at all times. I will constantly speak His praises”
 The Best Daily Deals in Ft. Lauderdale: Bike Tune-Up or $20 to Spend on Merchandise:  via 
 I'm no longer the hillbilly of the neighborhood!  
 Cup of love makes laundry day more tolerable. 
 Pipsqueak and Petunia, My Dog & A Pet Lover Giveaway 
 So appropriate!  how-to-say-no-at-work-forbes: Personal Finance News from Yahoo! Finance  via 
 I'm using  to scan & choose healthy groceries. FREE app:   or  
 My mean little dog.  So possessive!  via 
 $10 for $20 Worth of Graphic Tees, Dresses, and Summer Apparel at Old Navy -  
  never too early for cupcakes!  :)
 Remembering today that no matter what I tell myself, God says yes.  So I'll quit saying I'm stressed and instead say I'm blessed. 
 How blessed I am to spend my  as I want because of the sacrifices of others. 
 RT  On this Memorial Day, I call on all Americans to come together to honor the men and women who gave their lives so that  ...
 RT   I really am not just proud but LUCKY and grateful to be an American! Thanks to all of our troops!
 RT  happy 100th birthday 
  hug
 RT  just 5 sales away from my 1500 mark! if you mention twitter at checkout, i'll throw in a surprise little gift, too :) h ...
 I just bought this great piece from JewelMint! 
 bubble bath frother.  Ha! 
 Help my animal shelter win $15,000 in America's Favorite Animal Shelter Contest from  
 Vote for  for best shelter.   
 Dad is flying into Indy today.  Hope he's already there! 
 How many days left of school? 
 loving it already and don't want it to end!   
 I have work to do but I think a pedicure is way more important. 
 When I workout and sweat, I feel like I can conquer the world. 
 Oh, and I'm still here. 
 Just started my last semester of grad school. 
 RT  A friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself. ~Jim Morrison via 
 RT  If you can't think of a good rapture joke don't worry, it's not the end of the world. - Todd Sullivan
 RT  If u are feeling sad & want to call ur ex for answers on what went wrong, DON'T! Pray on it instead & the ...  ...
 $25 for $50 Worth of Custom T-shirts and Gifts from CafePress -  
 Keep your color treated hair vibrant with new TRESemme Color Revitalize Shampoo & Conditioner. I am b/c  
 RT  Dear world, flash mobs are so over. Please stop! Thank you. xoxo
 RT  I love snickers.
 RT  If you are competing for your man's affections with another woman...stop! There is no competition in love, only wasted ...
 I'm using  iPhone app to scan & choose healthy groceries. Get it FREE: 
 I'm using  iPhone app to scan & choose healthy groceries. Get it FREE: 
 Heartbreaking. It's official! No more 'Mad Men' until 2012  via 
 Perfect beach day on   
 Wee  dog.  
 Every dog is an Irish Setter today. 
 New favorite show 
 Watching Real Time w  before bed riles me up. Why can't everyone think like me?
 RT  Target $7.99. Get them while they are hot!    
 Inspired by Footloose. 
 totally plan on getting the new   Can I get by w/ just wireless and no 3G monthly plan since I have an iPhone?
 Had no idea how much I'd love my new Hoover FloorMate 
 school law is melting my brain. 
 cleaning the bathroom drawers out instead of watching the Super Bowl.  I did catch some Puppy Bowl though.
 the game of yellow pants!
 So ballsy - I'm going to knit socks.  My first time.
   when will the Colin Firth interview be aired?
 Updating the blog... 
 Try something new blog post. 
 Check out and comment on this cute treasury featuring my cupcake pincushion. 
 Last call to enter the giveaway! Enter tonight's drawing for a free fiber-friendly lotion sampler! 
 Last call to enter the giveaway!  Enter tonight's drawing for a free fiber-friendly lotion sampler! 
 can.not.concentrate!
 Still time to enter the  for a  lotion sampler.  tonight! 
 do y'all want me to beg you to enter a giveaway for some great lotion? PLEASE!! 
 shout out to  on the  post on my blog. 
 Hey knitters & fiber artists! Giveaway! 
 Mama's got a brand new bag. by 3sweetpeasjewelry on  
 Think Spring Giveaway!  
 Remembering Haiti blog post 
 Yarn Snob blog post 
 1-11-11 
 My ivory hipster slouchy is featured in this treasury.  Give it some <3! 
 Bring on the color treasury featuring my handknit beanie. 
 God bless us, every one. Merry Christmas!! 
 Seeking fab photog to exchange services. Want some cute knit accessory props?
 Books, knitting, and TV - oh, what a night! 
 Making resolutions and getting started. 
 Back to how it should be: warmer outside than in the house. Welcome back (for now) South Florida winter!
 Happy New Year! 
 Oh, reality TV, how I love thee. 
 God bless us, every one. Merry Christmas!! 
 'Twas the Night Before Christmas blog post 
 New blog post cheering last minute Christmas shopping. 
 Vacation blog post: 
 Last chance! Order today and I'll upgrade your shipping to Priority for no extra charge. 
 Excited to know a child in need will receive a pair of new shoes because I just purchased TOMS Shoes. Join the mvmt: 
 Something in Green by knittedtreasure on  
 Sassy striped beanie ready for shipping. 
 Order this unique beanie today for Christmas delivery. 
 One of a kind wool hat - order today for Christmas delivery. 
 Great hostess gift.  Order today! 
 Order this set of felted nesting bowls.  Makes a great hostess gift! 
 Great gift for a guy.  Order this beanie today for Christmas delivery. 
 Order this blue beanie today for a man or woman for Christmas delivery. 
 Order this slouchy green tam today for Christmas delivery. 
 Order this ivory embellished beanie today for Christmas delivery. 
 Order today for Christmas delivery. 
 Get it today for Christmas delivery!  
 Cute marshmallow treasury! 
 You know you want something warm today.  My biggest sellers:   & 
 Still taking Christmas orders.... 
 RT  Fab tweets from        
 RT  RT  Fab tweets from        
 Sold & relisted black and gold fringed scarf. 
 Sold and now relisted this candycane red & white thick fringed scarf. IU, OSU, Roll Tide? 
 RT          
  thanks for the FF mention!
  so pretty!
 Keep your baby warm and brighten up the day with this rainbow striped hand knit hat. 
 Candy Cane by CutesyBootsie on  
 Brrrrr!  New blog post. 
 Time to shop!  Free domestic first-class shipping for one item, free domestic PRIORITY shipping for orders of two or more items!...
 RT   great peeps!       
 RT  RT   great peeps!      
 Tam just listed hand knit with Noro 
 Just listed funky chunky slouchy hat. 
 Show your school or holiday spirit with this just listed scarf in red & white. 
  I love that!  And now I love Boots.
