  - The  reform dilemma by DRK
 Read history about Documentaries to Inspire Social Change, NFP (  ) :
  is not the absence of war but the presence of 
  Some still skeptical after new  policy
 Who's making    Check out their story.
 In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends. 
  'Mugabe and the White African,' Farmers Struggle Against Brutal  Reforms
  (We Want What's Ours) is an evocative and visually captivating  film 
  and power must be brought together, so that whatever is just may be powerful, and whatever is powerful may be just.
  should lease farms to black farmers
 Why This Film  Is Important?       
 We must use time wisely and forever realize that the time is always ripe to do right. 
  -- Analysis: Valuing land - the next frontier
 Support this Project 
 A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus. 
 RT  What you are will show in what you do. ~ Thomas Edison
 RT  The  Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    
 Sifuna Okwethu (We Want What's Ours) will be an evocative and visually captivating  film, releasing soon.
 There's no one to punish the  if it fails to deliver  reform-BernadetteAtuahene
  Reform Minister Gugile Nkwinti suggesting land expropriation without compensation was a possibility...
 What's Eliminating the Legacy of  in 
 My  is bound up in yours, for we can only be human together. 
 Will this man rule  one day? By Gabriel Manyati
 What's in documentary Sifuna Okwethu?Find out 
 A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. 
 Thru  Restitution Program  majority has received some compensation for past  dispossession
 Just as with the blacks, the whites, too, are currently overcoming a psychological barrier. Joe Slovo
 Are  Farmers Losing Their  Is It a Good Idea?
 Do you know what Sifuna Okwethu means in Zulu? Check here 
 A nation or civilization continues to produce soft-minded men purchases its own spiritual death on the installment plan 
  most influential man has whites running scared
 DISC was created to educate people through documentary film&curricula about social injustices 
 No matter what vision one has of South Africa, the first thing that must be done is to destroy racism~ Joe Slovo
 . Zuma urged to clarify land policy 
 Books only reach few ppl, and there're stories the world needs to hearThis is what inspired DISC produce documentary
 Access to  is necessary for the survival of many poor families in  BernadetteAtuahene
  thanks!!!!!!!!!
  You are so right!!!!!!!!
  reform is the elephant in the room for  Countries 
  now to help us finish telling this very important story: Post-  Property Struggle 
 85% of black  believe that “most  in SA was taken unfairly by white settlers, and they therefore have no right to the land today”
   Deals Raise Food Security Hopes 
 Foreign Affairs:   Reform Crisis Read at 
 SouthAfrica new govt upheld only one side of the liberation bargain: SA whites kept their property, but blacks... 
 SA whites kept their property, but blacks still haven’t received theirs.-BernadetteAtuahene
  new govt upheld only one side of the liberation bargain:-
  Govt allays farmers' ' grab' fears 
 At the center of non-violence stands the principle of love~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
 'Bringing Democracy' to South Africa's Ruling Party  
 'Bringing Democracy' to  Ruling Party 
 Watch the video of DISC's First Fundraiser! 
   : No opposition, no reform ~ BernadetteAtuahene
  to embark on  reform . . . but 
 Check out this short video on  The completed film’s releasing soon!
 Continue-creating major political turmoil down the road. 
   reform:proceed slowly on the grounds that some justice must be sacrificed for the sake of stability risks
   Reform Is A Debate, Farm Murders Are A Disgrace 
 Get to know more about   issue here: 
 The ANC must realize that aggressive land reform would be far less destabilizing than a violent revolt. ~BernadetteAtuahene
  Tougher land laws coming 
 Check out info about our boardmembers here: 
 There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living~ 
   reform must be in line with constitution: Zuma 
 You can help us to publicize Sifuna Okwethu and DISC by posting www.discwebsite.org on your Facebook or sending the link to ur friends
 Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase~ 
  Zuma's new  trajectory is nothing new, say experts 
 DISC wishes everyone a happy 4th of july！
 DISC's first film is about the failure of land restitution in  
  Political apartheid may have ended, but economic apartheid lives on. Read more  
 For to be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others ~Nelson Mandela
  Business People Worried Over Malema's Comments on  Reforms 
 MeetOurFilmaker Joe Nudelman, Editor 
 I look to a day when people will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character ~Martin Luther King, Jr.
 As Reforms Stall, Calls Rise to Seize  Farms 
 MeetOurFilmaker Themba Boikanyo, Cameraman 
 Why pay for  -  By Gabriel Manyati 
 I was commissioned by Foreign Affairs magazine to write an essay on South African land reform. Check it out 
 SifunaOkwethu discusses understanding of dynamics in dealing with the present-day consequences of past land theft More
 Just as with the blacks, the whites, too, are currently overcoming a psychological barrier ~Joe Slovo
 We are of the opinion that an important and irreversible process is taking place among the white population.
 This  is my land...this land is your land by Jay Bee 
 Get to know one of the most outrageous injustices of the 21st century happening in  visit: 
 I think it's tragic that justice on any side are killed.But it's almost a cliche to say it's unavoidable and not unique to us
  The Reality Behind Malema's 'Radicalism' - And the Cost of Failure 
 Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be
  the  war continues By Gabriel Manyati 
 Richard is developing this film project and raising awareness of the challenges of  restitution in  www.discwebsite.org
 Meet our filmmakers Richard Watkins, Producer, an intellectual property law attorney
 If an elephant has its foot on the tail of a mouse and you say that you are neutral,the mouse won't appreciate your neutrality
  DOCUMENTARY FESTIVAL- a feast of Documentaries! 
  grabs no solution for  
 MeetOurFilmmaker1:Bernadette Atuahene,Executive Producer&Director,expert in how new democracies deal with consequences of past displacements
 We need to respond to the mood of the people, that we must take the lives of the other side as well ~Joe Slovo
 Restricting foreign  ownership in  gives a negative message 
 Watch sneak peak  
 Sifuna Okwethu, a documentary about loss,resistance,identity of justice as experienced by the Ndolila family & their quest to get back land.
 Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will~ 
  reform:  burdensome evergreen 
  till now majority of Africans remain landless and impoverished. Read more  www.discwebsite.org
 During Colonialism and Apartheid the white minority brutally stole land from the African in  --
 Do your little bit of good where you are; its those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world~ Desmond Tutu
  ANC youth: Time has come for  reform 
 DISC is using documentaries to inspire social change in  on  restitution issue. www.discwebsite.org
 A nation or civilization that continues to produce soft-minded men purchases its own spiritual death on installment plan
  to miss  claims target 
 Visit www.discwebsite.org to get information about  restitution in  ~DISC
 The fight for freedom must go on until it is won; until our country is free and happy and peaceful, we cannot rest ~Oliver Tambo
   Reform Farms Should Be Fully Productive – Nkwinti 
 Your ReTweet can help landless  www.discwebsite.org
 It always seems impossible until its done ~ 
 CONGO   deals raise food security hopes 
  can inspire social change, you can help inspire  change in  by RT this story
 Some may seek revenge, but this is not our policy ~ Joe Slovo
 Claims of African 'land grab' spark controversy CNN news video 
 What’s happening in  related to  restitution? Check out here www.discwebsite.org
 What’s black empowerment when it seems to benefit not the vast majority but an elite that tends to be recycled? ~Desmond Tutu
 In a shantytown near Johannesburg, an angry mob committed a horrifying crime that was caught on video. 
 Please help RT this story to help landless  www.discwebsite.org
 I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it ~ 
  Peasants will benefit by recent dissolution by SADC, nullifying existing and planned land reform program 
 DISC is producing  and is aiming at educate people about social  happening in the world
 It has been demonstrated that no system, not even the most inhuman, can continue to exist without an ideology ~ Joe Slovo
 Why our farmers are getting out of  
 Please RT this meaningful video about landless  
 We have a vision of  in which black&white shall live&work together as equals in conditions of peace and prosperity~ Oliver Tambo
 Sowing seeds to feed more people   policy is an attempt to diversify farmers. 
 Visit and enjoy this highlighted short video about  land conflict. 
 If there're dream about beautiful  there're also roads lead to the goal,two of them are Goodness&Forgiveness 
 FW de Klerk attacks Jacob Zuma for 'unacceptable' racial divisions 
 We have information about   issue. www.discwebsite.org
 A nation or civilization continues to produce soft-minded men purchases its own spiritual death on the installment plan 
 Rugby: Double dose of despair for Scots as   sevens title 
  to Inspire SocialChange educates people about  our first film shows  in 
 When you are right you cannot be too radical; when you are wrong, you cannot be too conservative~  Jr.
  Food Insecurity - Who Will Save U, the Smallholder Or Large-Scale Farmer? 
  can change the world. Check out our effort to make a better world. www.discwebite.org
 If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor~ 
 Concerns about land acquisition must be addressed, says PM 
 Please RT this story about a  who lost land during  
  to remake our part of the world into a corner of the globe on which all - of which all of humanity can be proud ~ 
 Using the power you derive from the discovery of the truth about  in  you will help us
 Mayor warns against land grabbing - by Alvine Kapitako
 Welcome to our website www.discwebite.org to explore stories about  restitution in 
 To be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the  of others ~ 
  joins SADC in protecting unlawful land reform
 A  lover? Check out this short documentary video: 
 All labor that uplifts  has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence ~ Luther King, Jr.
  pistol remains a hidden treasure decades later -CNN news
 Do you think  is essential for people to survive? There are lots of  struggling without land. www.discwebsite.com
 A person is a person because he recognizes others as persons ~Desmond Tutu
  Sexwale stresses importance of  
 A story about   you need to share! www.discwebsite.com
 Racial   economic power its oppression and exploitation of all the black peoples are the same thing~OliverTambo
  farmers buying freehold  in  
 . Simple way to help out   click on this link: www.discwebsite.com
 I detest racialism, because I regard it as a barbaric thing, whether it comes from a black man or a white man ~
  Hacking at foundations of national  
 Welcome to our website www.discwebsite.com to get information about  restitution in 
 Ways out of the crisis are being searched at all levels-ways,which,however,aims to maintain the whites' control over the country~Joe Slovo
 Check out BBC news video:  disputed  
 You can help landless  Visit & Retweet this website: www.discwebsite.org
 An individual's not started living till he rises above his individualistic concern to broader concern of all humanity~ 
 Sexwale speaks on  issue at annual convention of  Property Owners Association ( in 
 Retweet this tweet to help educate people on  restitution’s failure in  www.discwebsite.org
 I stand for justice,EqualOpportunity and HumanRights,the indispensable elements in democratic society&well worth fighting for~HelenSuzman
  government will reopen land claims to compensate those who were removed from their land under white rule
 Watch sneak peak of “We Want What’s Ours” here: www.discwebsite.org
 If you are neutral in situations of  you have chosen the side of the oppressor. ~ 
   grabs not the answer 
 Check out readings on  restitution in  
 There is no such thing as part freedom. ~ 
 Malema upstages Zuma
 DISC- to Inspire  We have a  website! Join us here: 
  Prof Stephen Hawking today met with    to discuss the Next Einstein initiative
 You can help landless  Get more detailed information at www.discwebsite.org
  repeats itself, first as  second as farce  ~ 
 The world factbook:  
 Join us to help  who lost land during  
 Does anybody really think that they didn't get what they had because they didn't have the talent,strength,endurance,commitment
 More than 80 percent of farming  in  remains in the hands of white farmers. 
 All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word:   honor, duty, mercy, hope~ 
  calls for  nationalization in  
 Visit www.discwebsite.org to get information about  restitution in  ~DISC
  calls for "massive"  grab in   
 DISC is attending  Activism EXPO 2011. Check out more information about DISC here. www.discwebsite.com
 “I am not interested in picking up crumbs of compassion thrown from the table of someone... I want the full menu of rights.” ~ Desmond Tutu
 An issue about Land ownership
 You may help South Africans by tweeting to share this land based story. 
 “A right delayed is a right denied.” ~ Martin Luther King, Jr
 Zimbabwean government hopes SouthAfrican High Court will consider its diplomatic immunity in this case. 
 “Never, never and never again shall it be that this beautiful land will again experience the oppression of one by another.” ~ Nelson Mandela
 Global Activism EXPO 2011 is coming this Saturday  Forum. Meet you there! 
 Land Tenure Bill just furthers the rot -- Land reform 
 Follow our YouTube channel, we have South African land related videos. 
 “... apartheid brings stupendous economic advantages to countries, would sooner have apartheid than permit its destruction.”~Oliver Tambo
 land reform should be 'without compensation' on BBC HARDtalk 
 Please help us share this story about land restitution’s failure in South Africa by retweeting this link. www.discwebsite.com
 “No matter what vision one has of South Africa, the first thing that must be done is to destroy racism.” ~ Joe Slovo
 ANC Youth League wants more land policy 
 You may read " Property and Transitional Justice" by Bernadette 
 Together we have travelled a long road to be where we are today, a road of struggle against colonial and apartheid oppression. ~ Thabo Mbeki
 Great speech by Thabo Mbeki “I am African”
 Do you know about DISC? Click to find out more 
 We believe that the world, too, can destroy apartheid, firstly by striking at the economy of South Africa. ~Oliver Tambo
 Land is the base of a country, read “The great African land rush” written by Drew Hinshaw  
 You may find out more about land injustice in South Africa by visiting our website 
 "The people have given clear orders that we move forward faster, to build a non-racial and non-sexist society."~ Thabo Mbeki
 If you care about Africa ,you may like this music“ The 21st-century African Land Grab”  
 Do you know we have a facebook page? Follow us
 Never, never and never again shall it be that this beautiful land will again experience the oppression of one by another. 
 Access to land is one of the fundamental issues in South Africa, watch this to get to know more... 
 Access to land is one of the fundamental issues in South Africa, watch this
  You might be interested in this short video showing land restitution failure in SouthAfrica
 You may help by sharing this story
 We must use time wisely and forever realize that the time is always ripe to do right. 
 RT  VIDEO: Trial puts spotlight on SA tensions 
 RT  Another Reason Social Media is Important for Nonprofits  via 
 “Land Reform - Running Out Of Time” written by Danielle Owen 
 Have you ever seen a video showing a real life struggle in  after the end of  
 Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle. --  Jr.
  video “Euvin Naidoo on investing in  Euvin Naidoo is  investment banker 
 Your care matters! Please come visit us on www.discwebsite.com to show you care about land based injustice in... 
 Your care matters! Please come visit us on www.discwebsite.com to show you care about land based  in 
      We closed our eyes. When we opened them, we had the Bible and they had the land.” – Desmond Tutu
 When the missionaries came to Africa they had the Bible and we had the land. They said Let's pray. Guess what happened?
 Brief introduction to the book South Africa: No Land! No House! No Vote! , in which the writer describes how... 
 Brief intro to book  :No Land! No House! No Vote! in which the writer describes how  is remaining.
 Let’s tweet together to make a difference in South Africa. Come visit and follow us on twitter!... 
 Let’s tweet together to make a difference in  ! Come visit and follow us on  
  must recall terrible past so that we can deal with it, forgive where forgiveness is necessary but never forget 
 “Nationalise mines call finds fans” An article by Brendan Boyle -- ANC Youth League leader Julius Malema has made... 
 “Nationalise mines call finds fans” Article by BrendanBoyle-  Malema campaigned, whites was strongly opposed to 
 Come watch  & comment on a short video about a  family whose land was stolen under 
 “We believe that the world, too, can destroy apartheid, firstly by striking at the economy of South Africa.” -- Oliver Tambo
 Interview video of Luli Callinicos in Cape Town, South Africa, talking on forced removals happened during apartheid era.
 “We are in a political laboratory; never blame us if we make mistakes, we are just learning.” –Julies Malema (President of ANC Youth League)
 “South Africa’s Malema Advocates Land Seizure, City Press Says”  - An article by Lauren van der Westhuizen. 
 Visit our website to see our efforts 
 Visit our website to see our efforts  
 "We learn from history that we don't learn from history!" 
 The British stole land in Zimbabwe and other parts of Africa.
 The British stole land in Zimbabwe and other parts of Africa; watch this video to learn more land... 
 Sifuna Okwethu (We Want What's Ours) ,watch a clip of the documentary we are making... 
 Sifuna Okwethu (We Want What's Ours),watch a clip of the documentary we are making
 What our people want is to be involved in the decision-making process and to actively participate in decisions...
 What our people want is to be involved in the decision-making process and to actively participate in decisions,... 
 Zimbabwe country profile
 Zimbabwe country profile
 Want to know more about land restitution in South Africa? 
 Want to know more about land restitution in South Africa? This may help you have a clear understanding.... 
 I believe in human beings, and that all human beings should be respected as such, regardless of their color.
 Watch this to find out more about the land issue in Namibia.
 Watch this to find out more about the land issue in Namibia.
 We must use time wisely and forever realize that the time is always ripe to do right.  ~Nelson Mandela
 “Land Reform - Running Out Of Time” written by Danielle Owen 
 Want to help us?Visit our website and help to share this story 
 Want to help us? Visit our website and help to share this story... 
 “We need to find African solutions to African problems ” ~Jean Ping
 Can the deal between South Africa’s old apartheid regime and its new government withstand the test of time? Watch... 
 Watch this video "Behind The Rainbow” 
 Read this book to know about land restitution in South Africa.
 Read this book to know more about land restitution in South Africa and let us know what you think.... 
 "And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same" ~Nelson Mandela
 “Video of the Apartheid uncensored”
 “Video of the Apartheid uncensored”
 
 The apartheid museum!
 An Interview With F.W. De Klerk, the Last Apartheid President of South Africa (by Nicolas Rossier)... 
 An Interview With F.W. De Klerk(by Nicolas Rossier) 
 Watch our documentary Sifuna Okwethu (We Want What's Ours)get to know more about restitution in South Africa by... 
 Watch our documentary to know more about restitution in South Africa by visiting:
 “I've been very deeply distressed in my visit to the Holy Land; it reminded me so much of what happened to us... 
 “I've been deeply distressed in my visit to the Holy Land;it reminded me so much of what happened to us black people in South Africa.”D.Tutu
 A powerful essay written by Archbishop Desmond Tutu “Apartheid in the Holy Land”
 A powerful essay written by Archbishop Desmond Tutu “Apartheid in the Holy Land”... 
 Want to know more about us? Follow us on facebook
 "It is a law of life that problems arise when conditions are there for their solution."
 
 South Africa country profile
  The territorial main races/ethnicities/colors... 
 "I dream of an Africa which is in peace with itself." 
 
 When will  in  africa get their land back? How long how long? www.discwebsite.org
 Would you help us in our efforts?: 
 “South Africa belongs to all who live in it, black and white.”~ Thabo Mbeki
 “Apartheid - Desmond Tutu & F.W. de Klerk”
 ..leaving weaker groups open to various forms of subordination fosters deep resentment that undermines social reconstruction.~B. Atuahene
 “Land Wars - South Africa”
 Have you had the chance to see our effort? 
 "I detest racialism, because I regard it as a barbaric thing, whether it comes from a black man or a white man."~Nelson Mandela
 Apartheid was a system of legal racial segregation enforced in South Africa between 1948 and 1993.  
 After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb. 
 "Nothing is black or white." ~ Nelson Mandela
 “The resilience of character: Nelson Mandela.”    
 "I dream of an Africa which is in peace with itself." ~ Nelson 
 “Housing as a Human Right – South Africa to the USA” published in Vimeo by Center for   
 “Land and related resource rights are of fundamental importance to indigenous peoples since they constitute the... 
 “ Peoples and   and article by iwgia.org 
 Have you visited our site?.. Learn more about  
 "Land  at Heart..." an article published by allafrica.com   
 “When states destabilization is on the horizon (like in South Africa and Namibia), redistribution is needed to... 
 Today.. and article by the Namibia Economist : 
 Did you know we are on Twitter?... Follow us  
 "The greates glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall."
 “Nelson
 It is  Friday... Enjoy!    
 "I look at an ant and I see myself: a native South African, endowed by nature with a strength much greater than my... 
 “The
 "I have a great fear in my heart, that one day when they (the whites of South Africa) have turned to loving, they... 
 “Land Reform – Celebrating in Hope?”
 "It is an injustice when the law provides sanctuary to past theft instead of reversing it. More importantly, this... 
 "Land Redistribution: A Case for Land Reform in South Africa"      
 “While
 “Land Redistribution in South Africa: the
 Happy Monday morning everyone!
 Have you been by our Twitter page ( visit: 
 good Saturday morning  friends... have an enjoyable weekend!
  thanks for the RT ( &  )
 Happy  
 “Courage is not the absence of fear — it's inspiring others to move beyond it”
 Mandela: His 8 Lessons of Leadership... a Times article 
 “DISC was created to educate people through documentary film and accompanying curricula about various social... 
 Next, look at   History 
 “Earth provides enough to satisfy every man’s need, but not every man’s greed.” ~ Mahatma Gandhi
 Gandhi... From Lawyer to Leader 
 Learn more about the  of  ;     
 Learn more about the Filmmakers   
 Good morning friends of DISC !
 “There is a very strong public perception that an unregulated ownership of land such as housing by foreigners... 
 "Foreign Land Ownerships and Land Reform in South Africa" an article by HG.org 
 “The South African Human Rights Commission is the national institution established to support constitutional... 
 Have a productive week this week!
 “South African Human Rights Comission” including the 7th Economic & Social Rights Report 
 We do have a YouTube channel for  Take a look. 
  good morning Nick. Can you help spread the word?  of  in  
 We are   to Inspire  Here is a preview of our upcoming release 
  you should see what we are doing at DISC. Would you help us spread the word? 
  we, at DISC, are working out of Chicago IL to restore  in  
 Good morning friends of DISC. Have a wonderful Sunday!
 Do you think  should have forgiven  in  
 Good morning! It is   at 
 BBC News shares with us "Mandela’s life and times" 
 "A government's freedom to imagine alternatives is bound by the extant but unwritten rules that transitional... 
 And, about “Porperty Rights”.. 
 Have you seen the preview?... Would you help us in our efforts?: 
 Good morning everyone!... Look out for our daily posts this afternoon at around 4pm.
 What makes   in  important?... Will you help? 
 “Transforming the property status quo is especially necessary when an ethnically distinct minority acquired... 
 South Africa: The Impact of Apartheid 
 Did you exercise your right to vote today?
 What do you think about the following quote?: 
 “South Africa Rights and Liberties Report ” 
 Learn more about   &  
 We hope everyone had a safe and fun Halloween weekend. Do you have any stories to share?
 “Human Rights vs. Property Rights: The South African Conflict”. An article by Lisa   
 Happy Halloween!
 “Today the majority of South Africans, black and white, recognize that apartheid has no future. It has to be ended... 
 On this Friday... the Nelson  Anti-Apartheid Movement Archives:
 Making strides toward  of   in  Come visit our website: 
 Did you know we are also on Facebook?... take a look: 
 “Whenever there is a conflict between human rights and property rights, human rights must prevail”
 Interesting Article this morning everyone... “Land Reform in South Africa: Still Waiting” 
 Have you seen the sneak peek?... if not, here it is:     
  you may want to see what we are doing    to Inspire 
 Help us. Tell your friends about DISC. Simply... send the here: 
 “The Primary benefit of an illegitimate property distribution is the ability to maintain the political and... 
 Euvin Naidoo on investing in Africa.  A TED talk : 
 Have you seen the sneak peak of the  Here it is: 
 We're working hard for  in  Spread the word! hhtp://www.discwebsite.org
 Did you see what we are up to?... Go on. Take a look.  to Inspire   
 “Everybody now admits that  was wrong, and all I did was tell the people who wanted to know where I come... 
 Could  and  go the way of  
 Have you had a chance to see the documentary preview?     
 “The dichotomy between personal liberties and property rights is a false one. Property does not have rights.... 
 "Land is special because it often has an unquantifiable cultural value that derives from the key role it plays in... 
 Do you know what "Colonialism" is? 
 Friends. Happy Monday. Have a very productive week.
  Good morning Pernille! Thank you for following.
  &  you might both appreciate our efforts at  Check out our work: 
  Thank you so much for the mention. :)
 Welcome to all of our new followers this week.
 Did you know we are also on Facebook? Come visit us!    to Inspire 
 Good morning Twitter. Happy Weekend from 
 "After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb." ~ Nelson 
 Do you know Nelson  
 Friends of DISC, the weekend is almost here. Happy Friday!
  Did you know we are finalizing a  in  Sneak peak here :   
 DISC is trying to create awareness of the property rights violations that occurred under apartheid and... 
 "South Africa: Property Rights and Democracy" Arguing that distributing property rights is an important part of... 
  is working hard to bring  to  in  Follow us as work toward 
 We have reached midweek, but the  must not stop. Friends, close out the week strong!  
 Apartheid ended in South Africa in 1994, but its legacy's still alive. For more 
  since you're an activist, you might like the efforts by  to   in  Take a look!
  Bill... Did you get a chance to see our effort to restore  in South Africa? : 
 We are on Facebook. Visit us! 
 About the DISC Documentary Film. Meet the Filmmakers... 
  Did you know we are almost ready?.. finalizing  for  of  in  Look!  :)
 Attention!.. The  need you...     
  ... we thought that, as a culture curator, you would enjoy this:  
 We are looking for your support... "Why This Film is Important" >  
