  Take a look at our NAI webinar, 07/26! A tailor-made solution for managing NAI listings, commissions & more 
  Plz look at our NAI webinar, 07/26! A tailor-made solution for managing NAI listings, commissions & more. 
   Take a look at our NAI webinar, 07/26! Learn about a solution for managing NAI listings, commissions & more. 
 Attn NAI marketing directors! Introducing a tailor-made solution to manage listings, brokers and more. Webinar 07/26 
 Congrats to George G. from to Texas! He is our Case Ninja   winner! Watch the recording now 
  We have a small network of thriving affiliates! We manage the program ourselves, for more info give us a call. 8006733302
 RT  Case Ninja webinar went great!
 Our service has been restored. We apologize for the temporary outage.
 We'd like to reassure our customers that all data is secure and backed up. We're in a networking connectivity failure. All servers are ok.
 Our network engineers are still working toward restoring our service. We don't yet have an ETA, unfortunately.
 As an update regarding our service outage, our network engineers have determined the problem. No ETA yet on a resolution.
 We apologize to our customers that our service is currently unavailable. Our datacenter is working to repair a hardware problem.
 If you've missed one of our past  don't worry! We have them all archived here: 
 Our CTO will be presenting at tonight's  Can't wait to see the others     
 Thank you again to all our  attendees today! Congrats to Tony H. from Virginia! He won an  in our drawing!
 Today's IT  "Say yes to biz users!" is at 11AM PDT/2PM EDT.  All attendees are entered in our  drawing! 
  Many thanks Garrison! It's great to hear from you.
  Thank you so much! We're glad to hear it!
 Congratulations to Jeff M. from Tennessee! He won a 32GB  by attending "Be and IT Hero!" Watch the recording now 
 Congratulations  on winning this year's Inc. Magazine Top Small Company Workplace! 
 Tired of  seeming like the bad guy? Learn how the cloud can help you finally say "Yes!" to biz users.  06/09 
  Webinar: Are you stuck in a bad relationship with biz users? Be an IT Hero! Learn more & register now! 
  Please check out  Many dabble customers moved to us even before they closed. We'll help you move. 
 Is  in a bad relationship with biz users? Be an IT hero & let biz users build their own  apps!  06-02 
 Important prep resources for  customers prior to our AWESOME updates coming on Sunday! 
 Congratulations Deb K, from Iowa!! She won a 32GB  today by attending "Be and IT Hero!" Watch the recording now 
 If you missed today's  Be an IT Hero, watch an on-demand recording here! 
 By this time tomorrow, you could have an  Attend tomorrow's "IT Hero"  & be entered in our drawing! 
 Only 48 hrs until our  Be an IT Hero!! There's still time to register and be entered to win an  
 Next  release is coming on 5/15, here's a datasheet . We think it's great and initial feedback confirms!
 Meet the TrackVia Team!!! Colin Casillas, or as he's know here, Cuh-See-Us 
  Webinar: Are you stuck in a bad relationship with biz users? Be an IT Hero! Learn more & register now! 
 Spread the word! TrackVia is looking for a senior LAMP developer.  Mile High Tech Jobs | 
 RT  Gartner "Cool vendors in PaaS": CloudBees, NetEDI, Thru, Trackvia and Wolf Frameworks (see )
 We apologize to customers affected by the server failure. We had a backup ready to go, just took a few minutes to transition.
 We've replaced the failed server and full access is now restored.
 We experienced a hardware failure to a server in our datacenter. We estimate the service problems will be fixed in an hour or less.
 We're currently experiencing a server problem that is preventing some customers from accessing our service. We'll post updates here.
 Stuck in a bad relationship with biz users? Be an  hero & let biz users build their own  apps!  04-28 
  Please take a look at our cloud application platform, www.trackvia.com
  We've built a thriving, rapidly growing business. We hope everyone "gets" the value we provide at our pricing. Dunno past that.
  We provide crazy levels of support and app-building help to our customers. So we set the pricing bar higher. Customers love it!
  Please take a look at our cloud database app, it sounds like a fit for you! 
 RT  Congrats to TrackVia for  award win - but we liked'em  back in October! 
  Check us out as an alternative to DabbleDB. A secure & robust cloud app platform that's easy to use 
  We're sorry to hear DabbleDB's news. Check us out as another secure and robust cloud app platform 
  We're sorry about DabbleDB's news. Check us out as another easy-to-use cloud app platform 
  Check us out as an alternative to DabbleDB. A secure and robust cloud app platform that's easy to use 
 RT  TrackVia Wins THINKstrategies’ Cloud Computing Business Value Award  
 Have you heard about our big win yet?   Business Value 
  Not a problem.  Thank you for taking the time to check out our solution!
  Thank you for the heads up!  That type of pricing tier isn't in our immediate plans, but you make some good points.
  We're sorry for the confusion!
  Check us out as an alternative to DabbleDB.  A secure and robust cloud app platform that's easy to use 
  We're sorry about DabbleDB's news. Check us out as another easy-to-use cloud app platform 
  We're sorry about DabbleDB's news. Check us out as another easy-to-use cloud app platform 
  We're sorry about DabbleDB's news. Check us out as another easy-to-use cloud app platform 
  We're sorry about DabbleDB's news. Check us out as another secure & robust cloud app platform 
  customers, check us out as an alt.  An easy, secure & robust cloud app platform. Visit  or call 800.673.3302
  Not a problem, thanks for taking the time to look at us!
  We're sorry to hear about DabbleDB's news. Check us out as another easy-to-use cloud app platform 
  Please check us out as an alternative to DabbleDB.  A secure and robust cloud app platform that's easy to use 
  We're sorry to hear DabbleDB's news. Check us out as another secure and robust cloud app platform 
  We're sorry to hear about DabbleDB's news. Check us out as another easy-to-use cloud app platform 
  We're sorry to hear about DabbleDB's news. Check us out as another easy-to-use cloud app platform 
  We're sorry to hear about DabbleDB's news. Check us out as another easy-to-use cloud app platform 
  We're sorry about DabbleDB's news. Check us out as another reliable and secure cloud app platform 
  We're sorry to hear about DabbleDB's news. Check us out as another easy-to-use cloud app platform 
  We're sorry to hear about DabbleDB's news. Check us out as another easy-to-use cloud app platform 
  We're sorry about DabbleDB's news. Check us out as another easy-to-use cloud app platform 
  We're sorry about DabbleDB. Try us for a cloud app platform; easy to use, 5 years old and growing  
  We're sorry to hear about DabbleDB. If you are looking for another easy cloud solution, check us out 
  Please take time to check us out as a DabbleDB alternative. Another Denver-based crew! 
  We're sorry to hear about DabbleDB. If you are looking for another great online solution, check us out 
  We're sorry to hear about DabbleDB. If you are looking for another great online solution, check us out 
  We're sorry to hear about DabbleDB. If you are looking for another great online solution, check us out 
  We're sorry to hear about DabbleDB. If you are looking for another great online solution, check us out 
  We're sorry to hear about DabbleDB. If you are looking for another great online solution, check us out 
  We're sorry to hear about DabbleDB. If you are looking for another great online solution, check us out 
  We're sorry to hear about DabbleDB. If you are looking for another great online solution, check us out 
 Less than 3 hours until today's  Build An App From Scratch! 11AM PST  Tweet a friend!
 Watch TrackVia CTO, Matt McAdams, build a business app from scratch in 30 minutes! Today at 11AM PST 
 Countdown: 3 hours until today's  Build An App From Scratch! 11AM PST. 
 Don't forget to register for this week's live webinar: Build An App From Scratch!  Wed/Thur 11AM PST
 World, meet TrackVia Software Architect, Scott Liddick. 
 There's still time to register for today's webinar: How Business Users Can Build Their Own Cloud Apps! 11AM PST/2PM EST 
 Are your employees hiding data, sales leads, or productivity? The  can take care of that 
  Auto-capture tweets in a   database and you can workflow, archive, chart them! 
  For workflow, reporting and data consistency you need an online database. Our forms go into a database. Spreadsheets won't cut it.
 Less than 4 hours until today's  How Business Users Can Build Their Own Cloud Apps! Register now 
 Data Hoarding: Worse Than Cats and Takeout Boxes.  Read all about it here   
 TrackVia is now even EASIER to access! Bookmark your views, dashboards and more.  Learn how here 
 Be sure to tell your friends about this week's  How Business Users Can Build Their Own Cloud Apps 
 Less than 2 hours until today's  Think Outside the CRM! 11:00AM PST There is still time to register! 
  Also, here's how we noticed your tweet. Captured it in a database, put it on a dashboard, clicked the link! 
  Please take a look at TrackVia online database. We have a great product and astounding support. www.trackvia.com
  Please fiddle around with TrackVia too! Chicago Public Schools and others use us for student management apps. www.trackvia.com
  Please take a look at TrackVia's online database platform for custom web apps. Example, a tweets database 
  Thanks for taking a look, and best of luck for getting your app up and running in the cloud!
  We'd love to have you take a look at TrackVia's cloud database for building cloud apps. Easy to use, great for education apps.
 Three hours until today's  Think Outside the CRM! Register now! 
 Using  for your  Register now for TrackVia's webinar, Think Outside the CRM! Tue/Thur 11AM PST 
 Register now for this week's  : Think Outside the CRM! Tue/Thur 11AM PST 
  TrackVia is a good online database (but not free). Google spreadsheets has some great chart gadgets & easy publishing to the web.
 If you missed this week's  series, don't worry! Register now for next week's Think ouside the  Tue./Thur. 
 TrackVia users are going to dig our enhancements to session management. TrackVia admins will dig our security updates. 
 Notice to TrackVia users: Planned maintenance on Sunday morning (7-11 am MST) to implement system enhancements.
 Don't forget to register for this week's  Switch to an Online Database!   Tue/Thur 11AM PST
  Here's your tweet in our TrackVia database of tweets . Great to see you today.
 Register now for next Tuesday's  Switch to an Online Database! Hosted by CEO, Matt McAdams. 
 Is TrackVia's CEO better than  The Top 5  Predictions for 2011. Read them here: 
  Please check out our app platform www.trackvia.com. Powerful, easy to use, innovative (tweets into db records )
 Register now for today's  Switch to an Online Database! 11AM PST/2PM EST 
 Did Chatter's  hurt the cloud rather than help it?  I think so, read about it here: 
 Read how  and the  are ruining my life:  
 Will  launch a  in 2011? Read more  Predictions here 
 TrackVia CEO, Matt McAdams, has 5   for 2011. Read them here 
 It's time for this month's "Meet the TrackVia Team." Say hello to Ron White 
 Include  and other  files in your TrackVia online database apps! 
   TrackVia's online database is a must try, it's great for teams. BTW here's how we saw your tweet. bit.ly/dNzhHU
 "An interactive feast for the eyes and hands"   
 TrackVia Brings Fully Functional Databases to the  and  
 RT  Diário de Cloud Computing is out!  ▸ Top stories today by     
   There's nothing better than auto-capturing tweets in a  database. Track w/ custom fields, views. 
 We're looking for volunteers to give us feedback on a template for a  task tracker app. 
 1 filter in our TrackVia   can personalize a view and dashboards for 1000s of users? Pretty nifty!... 
  Reminder: Switch to an Online Database! Today at 11AM PST/2PM EST. Register now 
   Looks like an awesome event, hope it's a good riot!
  All our customers roll their own, we're a fast, flexible database. You can even capture tweets in a TrackVia database! bit.ly/gQmnNg
  VCs and angels rely on our  app platform to receive b-plans (email & web form), due diligence, more. We'd love to help you out
  We'd love to have you take a look at our  app. No coding required. We even auto-capture tweets! bit.ly/gQmnNg
  You should look at TrackVia, a better alternative to Access.  This week's webinar series explains why: 
 If you use   or shared spreadsheets you need to attend our  Switch to an Online DB! 
 This week's  series: Switch to an Online Database! Tue/Thur 11AM PST.  Register now!  
  We'd love to have you take a look at our cloud database app. No coding required. You could even put tweets in your db. bit.ly/gQmnNg
 Try our 14-Day FREE trial! No Hassle,  
 Could you gain and manage more clients by using TrackVia?   did.  Read about it here 
  Yes, we have basic web integration (forms, views) and powerful API web integration (AJAX, CSV, CML, JSON) 
  Are you looking to integrate this on a website? Our online database service may be a fit for you. Free trial, 
 Auto-capture tweets and  alerts in a    (with an assist from  bit.ly/gQmnNg
  we're glad you read our article! We empower business users and IT to build rapid cloud apps, as database.com is for developers
  We certainly have, we'd love to add broadcast text messages. It's on our roadmap. Thanks for the suggestion.
 Real-time mobile charts & graphs from your  database apps thru TrackVia  and  compatible views. 
 TrackVia  How Biz Users Can Build Their Own Cloud Apps TODAY! 11AM PST/2PM EST.  Register here: 
 Thank you  for publishing our CEO as a guest post, "Database.com: nice name, shame about the platform." 
 Read our CEO's guest post on  "Database.com: nice name, shame about the platform" 
 TrackVia  How Biz Users Can Build Their Own  Apps. Tue. 1/18 & Thur. 1/20 - 11AM PST.  Register now! 
 RT  posted to ZDNet "Database.com: nice name, shame about the platform"  guest post by PaaS vendor TrackVia' ...
 How have you NOT seen this video yet? 
  in  seems to have infinite scroll down. Very cool.
 It's hard to get most of the world excited about previousvalue . But for  apps it's like  pie heaven.
 TrackVia video of 6 power tips guaranteed to save you time, or your 2 minutes back. 
 Just discovered you can drag a tab out of  to be its own window. Doing it all the time now in my TrackVia views.
 RT  Secure IT award trackvia contract for new powerfull online database 
 What do a  cement, and the  all have in common? Read our latest case study and find out. 
 We've embedded a google docs spreadsheet in our functions documentation . We've done iPhone updates from the light rail!
 Who  about you today? Get  alerts?  TrackVia can track social media & create dynamic reports. 
  Thanks for the mention, we're glad you found us! If you have any  rants or raves, we love feedback about our app!
 Don't miss out on our first installment of "Meet the TrackVia Team."  Say hello to Matt Strenz  
 The Cloud Computing Mind Map - An informative graphic 
  for mac makes it easy to produce videos. But it's very annoying they auto-add their Camtasia tags to our  videos!
 Good news, new training videos on the   channel, .
 We've added a new logic function, previousvalue(). Read about it here 
 One  employee's take on a  report 
  Enhances Application Development Platform, Makes It Even Easier For Business Users to Adopt the Cloud 
 Read about lessons learned by the  team at the Gartner AADI Summit. 
 Exciting News!   Listed in 10 Hot Emerging Vendors For December 2010 
 RT  Canadian executives see cloud computing as important to their company's success 
 New  video, Dashboards do more than you think!  via 
 14% of SMBs are using cloud solutions, and 10% plan to deploy cloud services in the next 10 months 
 RT  How to Get Strategic About SaaS: 5 Key Considerations 
  It is on our roadmap, but there is no set date as of now.
  It should.  Also, if you display less rows per page, scrolling works better with less delay.
  We recommend trying Atomic Browser. We are continuing to test, and will let you know if we find other alternatives.
 RT   thanks for your advanced history search - it helps me find info that other people delete! -- glad it's helping!
 Power Tip:  Voice +  = Voice-to-database translation! 
 RT  Cloud Computing: A Game Changer for Data Security 
 RT  Gartner picks cloud computing as top IT trend 
 And another  new feature alert.  Each Dashboard page may now be private or public!
 Another new  feature alert! From any view on a dashboard page, Search the View, Search the Table, or Add an Item!
 New  feature alert! Set any dashboard page as the "start page" for 1 or more users!
  We at  love your technology coverage! Our prices allow us to provide astounding live customer service, not just product.
  We are a multi-solution platform. One of our many strengths is CRM/sales applications! Try us for free 
 Research Firm IDC says by 2012 52% of cloud computing technology will be for business applications 
 RT  2011 Cloud Computing Predictions 
 RT  Tarantino-Style Approach to Secure Cloud Computing    
 Gartner Says By 2016 All Fortune 2000 Companies Will Use Public Cloud Services 
  Thanks! That's great to hear.
 Get ready  users! SIX new enhancements in one week!! Read our forum post to learn more 
 RT  A Technology-Free Cloud - Why we need to make cloud computing easy to use 
 Another NEW  feature! Our link to parent search results are now paginated. Read more... 
  users: Have you tried our new table search option?  No need to search through your apps anymore! 
 The Future of Cloud Computing: The Big 25 in the Next 25 
 RT  RT  Dell plans cloud computing acquisition and tablet PC push 
  No firm date yet, but definitely on the roadmap
 It's Election Day! Here's a roundup on how tech is driving people to the polls... 
  How is your TrackVia trial going? If you have any questions don't hesitate to call, email, or tweet
  Sorry for the inconvenience.  Until our iPad app is built, maybe this will help? 
  Try using another browser, Opera is the most popular. If you have ?s, please don't hesitate to call!
 RT  A Great First Step:  Cloud Computing Bill of Rights and Responsibilities 
 RT  Does Trackvia work with  --- Yes! Our API can integrate with it easily
 Cloud Computing vs. Your Boss 
 Cloud Computing and ROI 
 The Future Of BI In The Cloud  via 
 RT  Green tech, cloud computing take central stage at Gitex 
 VMware and Google Launch 1st Series of Development Tools by   via 
 RT  Cloud Computing Market to Reach $25 Billion by 2013 
 RT  trying out trackvia for my online database - working like a CHARM!!! handles images very well...  --> Good to hear!
 3 Simple Facebook Privacy Tips You Need To Know NOW 
 Verizon to start selling iPads October 28 
 NEW  Account Security Setting: Scheduled Password Expiration.  Read all about it 
 Dec 2010 APP DEV CHALLENGE! Created a winning biz app, or have an idea for one? More info available as we approach Dec. Start brainstorming!
 Using Excel to (mis)manage thousands of records? So were they, until they switched to  Read all about it. 
 Developers Confirm That Cloud Computing And Mobile Platforms Are The Future  via 
 Baby Boomers spend more on tech than any other group... 
 Google's Robot Car That Does The Driving For You 
 New  getting started video (6 minutes) will have you cloud databasing in minutes!  
 15 Things You Need To Know About Google TV 
 Verizon iPhone Release Set For Early 2011 
 This is pretty entertaining...The Greatest Elevator Pitch You’ve Ever Seen  via
 10 Things You Need To Know This Morning in Tech 
 Some say, "It's the worst thing since Satan" RT  Gap rolls out (terrible) new logo  
 "I Like It On" Facebook Breast Cancer Campaign Goes Viral  via  
 10 Things You Need To Know About BlackBerry's iPad Rival 
 Helping Business Users to Harness the Promises of the Cloud 
 This October Has 5 Fridays, Saturdays, & Sundays, But That Happens Way More Often Than “Once Every 823 Years” 
 Top 10 Cloud Computing Blogs 
 Popular Mechanic's 10 Most Transformative Products of 2010 
 BREAKING: Twitter CEO Evan Williams Stepping Down  via  
 Facebook Upgrades Photos: Look Out, Flickr  via  
 Californians Get to Rent Their Cars to Strangers | Fast Company 
 America's smartest cities  via 
 The 9 most Retweeted Words on Twitter 
 Critics review Apple TV 
 Never Visit the Bank Again, Just Deposit Checks with Your Phone 
 10 Things You Need To Know This Morning in Tech... 
 Analysis: Gartner's Emerging Technology Hype 
 AOL buys TechCrunch 
 15 Tech Breakthroughs That Could Save The World 
 Would you use Swipely? A new shopping, social media tool... 
 Another video gem from  YouTube - Who is the World's Most Interesting Intern? 
 The List Of Startups Launching At TechCrunch Disrupt  via 
 37 Productivity Tips for Working From Anywhere  via  
 3 Business Tools to Spice Up Boring Work Tasks  via  
 RT  Mark Zuckerberg opens his modest home to Oprah [video] - Holy Kaw! 
 For anyone else whose thumbs are too fat for their iPhone. TK-421 iPhone Case Has a Flip-Out Keyboard  via 
 Never Lose Anything Again: USB Drive Doubles as a Paperclip  via  
 RT  Twitter Will Sell No Wine Before Its Time — It’s Finally Time  via 
 RT  Digg Redesign Tanks Traffic: Down 26% 
 7 Much Needed New Features For The New Twitter 
 Deloitte: Half U.S. iPhone Owners would dump AT&T for Verizon  via 
 Paul McCartney turns to the cloud 
 RT  WHAT A MESS: Jaw-Dropping Images of Junk in Space 
 RT  The 25 Richest People In US Tech 
 This is too cool! Your Credit Cards Will Never Be the Same Again: Meet Card 2.0 [VIDEO]  via 
 RT  Google report shows where its content is blocked 
 RT  AT LAST: Satelite-Enabled Smart Phone Coming to AT&T 
 RT  Our List of the Best Android Apps 
 RT  Heads in the Clouds: The Current State of Cloud Computing 
 Import things to keep in mind. Evaluating SaaS Applications « In(tegrate) the Clouds  [blog]
 Why doesn't Microsoft hire this guy? | Beyond Binary - CNET News  via 
 via  Winklevoss twins:  was our idea [VIDEO] 
 Auction Site for Travel Offers Cheap Stays at Great Resorts  via  
 RT  listen to   . More reviews welcome! 
 Twitter Mouseover Security Flaw Affecting Thousands of Users [WARNING]  via  
 RT  Foursquare Launching New Must-Have Button for Websites 
 RT  Trackvia enhances  Database and Application Platform - 
 RT  posted to ebizQ "Cloud Apps For Business Users That IT Can Live With"  podcast i/view with TrackVia CEO
  We use the  email collecting feature to auto-create a db record for each trackvia-related tweet (thru tweetymail) w/ alert
  Our API is out and doing some killer stuff.  My favorite is creating an event on google calendar and having it become a db record.
  Do you have time for a quick phone call and/or web demo so we can get some details?
 Our marketing dept just set up a  database that auto-collects  Alerts and tweets! Gives us archive, search, bar charts, etc.
 OpenTable Acquires European Competitor TopTable for $55 Million  via  
 Live from San Francisco: TrackVia and Jive Software Team Up 
 Google Music to combine cloud storage with downloads   
 An App to Block Texting While Driving | VIDEO |  via  
 11 Things you need to know about the new Twitter 
 More than 50 Cloud Developers Commit to Jive Apps Market  via 
 Veebeam Wirelessly Streams Web Video to Your TV  via  
 What will  announce today? Predictions... 
 Great webinar (Harnessing the Cloud) with  this afternoon! If you missed it, stay tuned for a link to the recorded version.
 Free Webcast: Harnessing the Cloud Promise starts in 30 minutes! There's still time to register 
 TrackVia Launches Cloud Database Application Platform For SMBs -- Database As A Service  via 
 WOW: Nokia Steals Microsoft Office Boss Stephen Elop As New CEO 
 via  TrackVia introduces cloud App Development Platform for non-technical business users 
 There's still time to register! Harnessing the Cloud Promise: Business Apps of the Users, by the Users, for the Users 
 Don't Get Robbed: Burglars Use Facebook to Pick Targets  via  
 YouTube CEO Offers "YouTube Instant" Creator a Job via Twitter   via  
 via  22 Incredible Photos of Faraway Places - My Modern Metropolis 
 via  World’s Most Cramped Airline Seat to Launch Next Week | Gadget Lab  
 via  | TrackVia Introduces First Cloud Database Application Development Platform... 
 RT  TrackVia Launches Cloud Database Application Platform For SMBs 
 RT  TrackVia Launches Cloud Database Application Platform For SMBs  
 Recommendations Working Like A Charm: Twitter Follower Growth Is Accelerating  via 
 RT  Congratulations on your new UI launch TrackVia!  --> Thanks!
 New formula shows who's really Top of the Tweeters 
 The Best Gadgets from Berlin's Enormous Electronics Show 
 Cloud Databases for Dummies | SYS-CON MEDIA  via 
 Power to the People. TrackVia CEO Matt McAdams' latest blog post, definitely worth reading 
 TrackVia's New Application Platform has officially launched! Sign up now for a FREE two week trial 
 The countdown continues... 18hrs 35 min until the official launch 
 Only a week away, don't miss out! 
 5 days until TrackVia's new product launch. Don't miss out! 
 Make sure to register!! Webinar: Harnessing the Cloud Promise: Business Apps of the Users, by the Users, for the Users 
 The First 20 Android Apps You Need to Download 
 Google Making Extraordinary Counteroffers To Stop Flow Of Employees To Facebook  via 
 Steve Jobs Is Stunned (And Scared?) By Android's Growth 
 A Facebook-Based Online Store Just for Students  via  
  We are back online, we apologize for the inconvenience.
 We apologize for the inconvenience. A brief explanation of our downtime, posted within 15 min of the outage 
 Our service is back available.  Customers may temporarily notice degraded service as our systems come back online in sequence.
 Our engineers estimate that our service will be available in 3-5 minutes.
 TrackVia is having another temporary service outage.  Our apologies, we'll post updates here.
 Our service is back available.
 TrackVia is having temporary service difficulties, we'll post updates here.
 Netflix coming to Apple TV? 
 GMail launches Priority Inbox 
 Grad Student's Thesis, Dreams on Stolen Laptop  via 
 Texas Man Watches Home Burglary on iPhone Wth iCam App   via 
 15 great back-to-school gadgets 
 What happens after your mom cleans your closet? It's better organized but for one day it takes you longer to find something... 
  We're sorry that you are having problems with the new UI. Please don't hesitate to call with ?s or concerns 800.673.3302 x209
 RT  Make Your Outlook Inbox Smarter with Meshin [INVITES] 
 HOW TO: Respond when Social Media Attacks Your Brand  via  
  Hopefully our reply to your forum post is helpful. Please let us know if you have more questions 
 Rave reviews of TrackVia's new UI are already coming in! RT   love the new UI!!!
 Garmin GPS recall 
 Google puts free PC-to-phone calling into GMail 
 BUSTED: 8 tweets that got people arrested 
 RT   Not used TrackVia but their customer list looks very good  --let us know if you have ?s !
 Facebook worth $33 Billion? 
 Interesting blog post on IT trends changing thanks to business users. Business Users Pushing IT to Adapt 
 15 Killer Windows 7 Keyboard Shortcuts That Might Surprise You  via 
 RT  Hipmunk: One Site to Search and Sort All Flights 
 PaaS: A mid-2010 survey 
 Apple to Offer 99-Cent TV Show Rentals 
 What tech jobs will look like in 2020 
 Samsung 7" Tablet Coming in September 
 World Texting Record SMASHED 
 RT  HOW TO: Undo "Send" in Gmail  So good to know!!
 RT  Incredible pop-out artist [video] 
 RT  How to disable Facebook Places  
 Cell phone makers could cave on FM radios -if price is right  via 
 Math alarm clock app 
 Top Tweets of the Week 
 27 Apple concept products from the future 
 Everything you need to know about Facebook's new Places feature 
 Intel Acquires McAfee For $7.68 Billion: 
 Google launching a Chrome OS tablet on Verizon, goes on sale November 26  via 
 Meet Swingly, This Year’s “It” Search Startup [INVITES] 
 How Cloud Computing Impacts the Cash Needs ofÂ Startups  from 
 Tweeting While Driving Cited in Celebrity Surgeon Death: 
 This is AMAZING!!! Must watch RT  
 Report Says Apple to Launch 7-inch IPad by Christmas 
 Web Faceoff: Freemium vs. Ad-Supported: 
 The world's undersea data-cable map 
 Google To Acquire Like.com After Leaving Them At The Altar In 2005  via 
 Scott Belsky: Don't Let Your Genius Go Unnoticed on Vimeo  
 RT  98% biodegradable pen - Holy Kaw! 
 RT  Facebook Dislike Button Is Fake [WARNING] 
 RT  TrackVia Survey Finds Surge in Non-Technical Users Moving to the Cloud Is Driven by Performance 
 Hulu IPO Could Come This Fall: 
 Twitter Rolling Out “You Both Follow” Feature: 
 iPad + Velcro = A Match Made in Heaven 
 SMBs Gobbling Up Cloud Computing In 2010   
 RT  Magnetic camera lenses for smartphones  
 10 Super Social Media Songs: 
 Droid 2 vs. Droid (Review) 
 Online database helps solve local crimes 
 From  15 Surprising facts about Wikipedia 
 RT  XKCD-Inspired Cartoon Maps the World's Social Networks [PIC] 
 RT  All 3,300 hours of Johnny Carson's Tonight Show digitized and put into a searchable online database 
 Twitter Launching Official Tweet Buttons This Week: 
 RT  How Star Trek artists imagined the iPad... 23 years ago 
 Microsoft puts up a Mac vs. PC website 
 This week's theme: dramatic employee exits. RT  Girl Publicly Outs Boss for Playing “FarmVille” at Work 
 RT  Can QR Codes and Augmented Reality Make Assembling IKEA Furniture Easier? 
 From  'Best BlackBerry ever' fails to generate buzz 
 Facebook Cleans Up Birthday Wall Posting: 
 From  Google and Verizon publish joint policy proposal for 'an open internet' 
 Verizon iPhone due January 2011 
 RT  A Facebook “meh” button? 
 More Evidence the iPhone Will Hit Verizon in January: 
 RT  Explore the Titanic Wreck Site via Social Media 
 RT  Microsoft jumps on board the Citizen Developer train 
 Rash Of Traffic Accidents Blamed On ‘iPod Oblivion’: 
 From  10 things you need to know this morning... 
 RT  Apple Launches “Try Before You Buy” Apps 
 Alleged Google-Verizon deal: Who's saying what... 
 RT  Still using a BlackBerry? Why, exactly? 
 RT:  Wave fails, Twitter wins. Why?   
 RT  Google-Verizon deal: the end of the Internet as we know it 
 Another Great iPhone App. RT  Put All Your Club Cards on a Digital Key Ring 
 RT  10 Pieces of Gorgeous Geek Jewelry [PICS]  
 Is Google Working With Verizon to Upend Net Neutrality? 
 From  Is this the future of dating? A Card and a Wink 
 Kanye West's Tweets Matched With New Yorker Cartoons (PICTURES) 
 RT  Starbucks Experiments with Gilt for Exclusive Customer Deals 
 RT  12 groovy gadgets for super students (via  
 RT  RT  Bing Maps calculates taxi cab fares 
