 Check out my latest articles: 
 RT  How NOT to Respond to Rejection 
 RT  Resume is no place for a hobby   (AGREED! I cannot stress this enough!) 
 Survey Reveals Job References That Backfired 
 RT  Proud to be mayor of a city that turns out thousands from all walks of life to says no to hate!    ...
 Check out my latest articles: 
 It's a slow-paced admin day. I'm reviewing  & writing quotes. 
 RT  Ron Tonkin scares up Gen Y car buyers with zombies 
 RT  First Taste of Summer sampling at all stores this weekend: 11a-5p. Delicious melons, berries, apricots and nectarines!
 RT  Really Big Fun Art Show TODAY at People's Art of Portland | 60+ Local Artists, Beer, FREE--> 
 RT  Lots of people are looking forward to the  so they don't have to go to work on Monday.
 10 Creative Social Media Resumes To Learn From  via  
 Web design and resume tips — Keppie Careers 
 RT  Guest Hosted the HireFriday chat on future resumes. Transcript of discussion available. 
 RT  Closing in on the end of the world but people still want resumes. That's great! (I agree!)
 Thanks  &  for the mentions this week. :)
  You meant "sandals", BTW. Sorry! I had to do it. It was killing me to leave it that way. ;)
 RT  Socks and sandles are still wrong together. WORD!! OMG you have no idea how personal this is to me! *snorts*
 RT  I don't know why SUDDEN ZOMBIE ATTACK is trending, but I approve
 RT  Networking while you’re still employed can build up a strong support system that you may have to tap into later. http: ...
 RT  Let’s see - San Jose, CA or Baltimore, MD? – 15 best-cities to find a great job.   
 RT  Jobs are Back! Interview with Simply Hired CMO Daniel Greenberg  via 
 RT  7 Facebook Mistakes that Can Kill Your Career- (new study reveals all)  via 
 RT  . is looking for folks who have relatives or friends buried at the U.S. Army Post Cemetery. DM/E-mail sue.v ...
 SUDDEN ZOMBIE ATTACK!!! Look to your right and tweet your weapon.... Let's see, I have my cell phone and an empty coffee mug. I'm screwed!
 I would rather be at  Boo.
 RT   Don't sell yourself short. Every skills is valuable, not matter how insignificant you may regard it.
 I am SO not touching this one...but, I am amused. 
 MSN Careers: "Job hunting? Check out the fastest-growing industries" -- 
 RT   need to think about  just like a business. Use specific key terms so that people find you online, and o ...
 RT  ? on using Linkedin groups > My advice: Join 50 groups for no $ way to expand your network & find jobs too. TIP: Unch ...
 I can't eat processed, genetically-modified crap food. 
 RT    best friendship asset: truth.
 Aviation success, FTW! "Solar Plane Makes First International Flight": 
 RT  The Career Experts Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    ...
 RT  I like to rhyme, I like my beats funky,  I'm spunky. I like my oatmeal lumpy.
 RT  Echo & The Bunnymen still have that itch 
  new people I'm following, you should too!       
  new people I'm following, you should too!          
   Why yes, yes I am just racking up numbers.... how did you know? :p
 I realized today I fit all of the "writer stereotypes". Time to rebrand myself. My concept is solid, now I seek the graphic artist...
 Another  I took a shower only to realize there was no towel in the bathroom and every curtain was open! Had to call for backup.
   You're welcome! Looking forward to your tweets.
 RT  I'm quoted on Forbes.com today: Ten Tips For Better Business Writing: 
 RT  Guest blogging at The Happy Writer today, stop by!  ...
 "...writing is a lot like going to the gym, complete with...creative ways of avoiding it" <--- OMG SO TRUE! 
 Oh my engineering clients... how did I get into this niche? LOL! You are my favorites and my most challenging.  
 RT  Social Networking for Career Success, A CNN “Top 10 Job Tweeter” 
 Why geeks make better adults than the in-crowd - Yahoo! News 
 More jobs, but competition remains fierce  via 
  EXCELLENT resources here, thanks for sharing: 
 RT  Gayle's rant is so true...listen up   RT  Job Search: You can’t be helped, if you don’t listen ...
 RT  When using a recruiting service, make sure your resume doesn't find its way to your current employer's desk.
 When you brew a fresh pot of coffee & realize you have no cream! 
 RT  Keep an eye on how often you come up in search on LinkedIn (listed on your home page). Tweak profile to increase hit ...
 The top SEO tips for social media profiles  via 
  Ohhhh the texting language...how I LOATHE it! It makes me feel like I am dealing with my babysitter, not a colleague.
 RT  Save the texting language for your friends; it is NEVER appropriate in  correspondence.
 RT  Gr8 point: Many executives have spelling mistakes on their LI profile. What is your first impression of a typo? RT  ...
 RT  Expert Bloggers Needed! We're running an event so you can trade tips and find guest-post buddies!  ...
 RT  Wanna know which companies using  effectively? 
 RT  10 Career Transition Strategies for Senior Executives 
 RT  Ask the Coach: Navigating the Recruiter Phone Screening 
 I find your lack of pants disturbing. 
 RT  If you aren't celebrating  by blowing up planets and kidnapping Princesses, you're doing it wrong.  ...
 RT  I find your lack of pants, disturbing. 
 Happy Star Wars Day... 
 RT  5 Non-Work Ways to Boost Your Career - On Careers (usnews.com) 
 Career Hub: Your Job Hunt: Slow Ride or HOV Lane? 
 RT  Be careful about functional resumes - while they can help in changing fields, HR people usually hate them!
 RT  Don’t hold back with your ambition. As we emerge from the recession, now is a perfect time to evaluate your career. Is ...
 RT   are you aware of  trends or sticking to a boring format from 1999? Review professional samples to  ...
 Check out my latest articles: 
 RT   Mistakes - The 5 Worst Resume Sins:  (by 
 QR Code Resume Makes Your Embossed Paper Look Lame  via  
 After leaving GoDaddy & several weeks of being offline, I am finally up and running again. :)  Thanks to my new... 
 Newly posted: So, What Did You Actually Do?   
 Newly posted: How to Make Your Cover Letter a Perfect Fit for Any Opening   
 Newly posted: Networking Through Business Lunches or Trade Shows   
 Check out my latest articles: 
 Newly posted: Biographies – How To Use Them   
 Newly posted: Does Your Resume Have A Strategy Or Is It Just A Pretty Format and Fluffy Words?   
 RT  Great thoughts by top career experts! New post: Should You Call After Sending a Resume? Some Say Yes!  ...
 RT  President Obama has declared that a major disaster exists in Oregon from tsunami damage and has ordered federal aid to hel ...
 Newly posted: 10 Things to Bring With You Should Always Bring With You to an Interview   
 Newly posted: 5 Tools Employers Use to Determine if You’re the Right Fit   
 Newly posted: Just How Do Keywords Work in a Resume   
 Newly posted: How Important Is a Resume Strategy?   
 Check out my latest articles: 
 Check out my latest articles: 
 Check out my latest articles: 
 Newly posted: 15 Tips For Better Salary Negotiations   
 Newly posted: How to Tackle 3 Job Interview Mistakes   
 Newly posted: Resume Rescue: 5 Tips for Crafting a Resume for the Stay-At-Home Mom   
 Newly posted: Do I Need a Cover Letter If It Was Not Requested?   
 U.S. job openings hit 2-year high: 
 I love The Career Collective! Great collection, valuable info. Go! Read     
 RT  Whom Can You Trust to Write Your Résumé?  via 
 The twitter feed is not dead...I've just been super busy and I will be tweeting again soon!
 Newly posted: Does Your Cover Letter Match the Job You Are Applying For?   
 Check out my latest articles: 
 Still crazy busy with a full resume writing schedule. Returning calls / e-mails as soon as possible.
 Check out my latest articles: 
 Newly posted: 7 Strategies for Overcoming the Resume Black Hole   
 Check out my latest articles: 
 Booked through 10/10. If you have an immediate need, contact one of the Resume Rockstars: 
 RT  Kyron fundraiser set: A fundraiser for the volunteers who helped search for Kyron Horman is scheduled for Wednesda. ...
 Dig Deep for Resume Accomplishments: 
 RT  10 States With Ridiculously Low Unemployment—And Why: 
 RT  "Resume writing:  LESS  is 'not' always MORE" by    "Plot your own resume course"
 RT  Why isn't my Resume working?!? 
 RT  How to Prepare for a Layoff  (must read, pass it on)  
 RT  Executive Resume Insider Secrets – 7 Resume Tips For Executive Eyes Only   
 RT  Very encouraging economic analysis! RT  Podcast: Wall Street Journal This Morning August 30, 2010 http:/ ...
 RT  Ready for an epic week, how bout you?
  Thanks for the RTs last week. :)
  Any recent server issues (last 2 hours or so?)
 Check out my latest articles: 
 Newly posted: Words That Should Not Appear on Your Resume   
 Portland Resumes Examiner: bit.ly/abOLta     
 Thx for the tweets!     
  oops here's the link: 
  I do have a blog. Some posts are from me and some are from other writers when I feel the article is helpful to jobseekers.
  Oh that's cool! They have been doing updates to the site so the pub tool has been a bit wonky but it's easy once you get used 2 it
 RT  Check your cartons: 228 MILLION eggs recalled nationwide for salmonella 
 RT  RT   Job Seekers Biggest Frustration Surprisingly Not Lack of Jobs but Lack of Response: http ...
 'It’s Not About You' -- featured on   
 Newly posted: Dodging the Age (And Any Other Discrimination) Bullet in a Job Search   
 Resume Writing - It's Not About You: 
 Newly posted: It’s Not About You   
 RT  The Executive Update: Baby Boomers Experience Make Them More Valuable than Ever  via 
 RT  New Blog Post: 33 Interview Tips That Help Make a Great First Impression 
 RT  Good news from today's Portland Business Journal: Chip manufacturers are ramping up hiring! 
 RT  The news has been mixed lately- signs of economic recovery yet fears of a double-dip recession.  I'm still seeing...  ...
 RT  Age discrimination complaints are up nationally by ~28% in last 5 years, currently 
 RT  Why Google Will Triumph Over Facebook  (Brian: interesting read, thank you for sharing)
  Not surprised about WalMart aka China Mart. Haven't shopped there in years and I will never support them.
 RT  Personal Branding By Any Other Name Would . . . 
 Love this post from  RT  Why I Hate the Term “Personal Branding” | Brazen Careerist  
   Great info, thank you for sharing this!    
 RT  How Recruiters Search Using LinkedIn & What We Look For - So much has been written on...  ...
 RT  How To Get Recruiters To Reply To Your Resume 
 RT  Recruiters and The Job Hunt...are you counting on them? 
 RT  RT  Why Executives HATE Social Media  [a little long but very insightful... ...
 RT   Tip: Avoid starting too many consecutive lines with bullets.
          
 RT  15 Job Interview Horror Stories : 
 WHAT? No cream? How am I supposed to drink my coffee now? I guess I have to decide if I want it enough to go to the store. LOL
 RT   Proofread. Proofread. (I’ll say it again) Proofread. It is not Manger it's manager. It's not Liase it's liaise
 RT  Is your resume not working? Energize it! Free consultation today and Thursday. 
 RT  RT  Breaking News: 12 yr old abducted from 82nd and Sunnybrook in Clackamas. Last seen in a strange van, mor ...
 RT  Local mans win Lotto jackpot 
 Looking for an interview coach? Lewis Lin rocks!  --    
 Lot's of great material for  from  including interview tips and more, here:     
 RT  6 Standout Job Interview Tips From A Professional Interviewer 
 RT  The best answer to the interview Q: If you could be any animal, what animal would you be? 
 From Resume Rockstar  One bad apple doesn’t ALWAYS spoil the whole bunch -- read it here:    
  allergies and migraines...ugh.
  Are you still offering interview coaching? Former client has an interview Friday and she is freaking out. TY!
 RT   tip: Sending a general resume to every posting you apply to is a really great way to be overlooked.  ...
 RT   tip: Save your resume as YOUR name, not as 'resume'.  It helps employers organize applicant files.
 RT   tip: When writing this document, think about ur value. If u don't see ur assets, how do u expect an employer  ...
 Check out my latest articles: 
 Newly posted: It Takes More Than a Resume to Get a Job   
 Booked through 7/14. 7/14-7/21 limited. Set up an introductory call:  or contact a Resume Rockstar: bit.ly/aTc4LK 
 Limited availability through 7/14. Set up an introductory call:  or contact a Resume Rockstar: bit.ly/aTc4LK 
 RT  JobConcierge: Encouraging? Despite Lost Jobs, June Unemployment Rate Drops: Yet another unemployment report delive...  ...
  Sorry haven't been on twitter for a bit. Just use my name.
 Newly posted: Try This Before Writing Your Executive Resume   
 Check out my latest articles: 
 Newly posted: The Reason So Many Resumes Fail to Generate Interest   
 Newly posted: How to Bounce Back After a Lay-Off   
 How to Bounce Back After a Lay-Off: 
 Will Your Resume Survive the First Glance?: 
 Newly posted: Will Your Resume Survive the First Glance?   
 Newly posted: 4 Reasons You Must Join LinkedIn For Your Career Building Plan and Winning Job Search Now   
 The Unemployed Will Not Be Considered. WHAT??? 
 Newly posted: What You Must Do to Land a Job in a Hyper-Competitive Market   
 RT  RT  You get the best effort from others not by lighting a fire beneath them, but by building a fire  ...
 RT  "Oh, why would he want another woman? After all he has dipped his toe in the lake known as 'Blanche.'" RIP Rue McLa ...
 Client feedback made my day! "You made a friend for life...I will always keep you in mind when ever I need help." 
 I need a recruiter in the media/entertainment industry in LA (for one of my clients) --  
 Check out my latest articles: 
 Newly posted: Job Search – How to Get Your Linkedin Profile to Attract Recruiters 24-7   
 RT  If you have a blog, be careful what you say on it. People have been fired for comments made about their employer.
  Thanks for the  and   mentions...very appreciated! :)
 Client: "You're incredible." Me: "Incredible is reserved for ppl who rescue hikers...I don't feel like a superhero but I'll take helpful."
 Newly posted: The Myth of the General Resume   
 Newly posted: 5 Tips To Capturing The Job With A Thank You Letter   
 Top Three Hints That Your Resume Stinks - 
  Have you heard anything?
 Good afternoon everyone!
 RT  RT  Do You Have What It Takes to Be a Professional Resume Writer? -    ...
  You're SO welcome! :) Enjoy!
 Sell yourself: Use numbers in your resume - 
 Resume writing: What do hiring managers look for in a resume? - 
 Newly posted: Sell Yourself: Use Numbers in Your Resume   
 Newly posted: How to Improve Your Resume’s Credibility and Gain Relevant Experience   
 Newly posted: Unique Tips For Helping Executive Recruiters Find Your Resume   
 Client comment: "...you're a highly-in-demand-expert-blogger-pillow-pet-order-tracking-and-all-around-awesome-lady..." <- I'll take that. :)
