 just finished watching harry potter part 1 with the father. Now I am ready to go see the new one!
 I want a waffle ice cream sunday right about now!
 loving the light show going on outside my window tonight!
 Check out some behind the scenes shots from our summer line photo shoot! 
 RT  $5 donation at Metropolis Cafe Talent Show might win you some  too.    ...
 Does water have taste? B/c if it does, it has been tasting pretty damn good these past couple of days lol
 It would be really nice to play on a Slip N Slide right about now!
 it is way to hot and humid... days like today I just stay in the house lol
 I said Hey, Hey, Hey !!!
 NEW FIREBUG ALBUM with Queens Of The Stone Age producer Chris Goss coming soon! 
 Going down to Chi-town tonight with a few of the friends =)
 Just picked up some tickets for BLink 182 Chicago show! ♥
 Stay in tune with Shore Fire, a top indie PR company, by becoming a fan on Facebook. 
 Fighting In The Streets b/w The NYC, the new digital single from Maninblack, free download:  
 Cool!!  presents On Stage Jane's Addiction! Win an opening slot on their summer tour! 
 Finally what I have been waiting for! New BLink 182 track =) 
 RT  Joker Apparel Summer Line!  via  
 Fighting In The Streets b/w The NYC, the new digital single from Maninblack, free download:  
 Check out  an artist from my home town and is opening up for Young Jeezy in Milwaukee! Go FB "LIKE" 
 Really diggin this new DRUNKSOULS video! 
  did you know that you were the first order we ever got out of the states! That's why we surprised you with the free shirt =)
 I'm A Party MaSheen! Be the life of the party when rocking some of the new Joker Apparel Summer Line =) 
  thank you for the kind words and I hope you enjoy everything!
 S/O to The Alchemist; and the six power! This new album is FIRE! 
 RT  Want to get a massive 20% off  Checkout our coupon page: 
  def will add you on tumblr =) specially if you share stuff about us lol jk jk
  thanks bro! I hope everyone likes the shirt!
 Everyone please go check out our summer line and let us know what you think! and maybe pick a shirt or two up =) 
 LAST CHANCE, 45 MIN LEFT FOR FREE SHIRTS! Tag us in a FB post entered in the contest! Picking 3 winners tonight! 
 LAST CHANCE, 5HRS LEFT FOR FREE SHIRTS! Tag us in a FB post entered in the contest! Picking 3 winners tonight! 
 LAST CHANCE FOR FREE SHIRTS! Tag us in a FB post entered in the contest! Picking 3 winners tonight! 
 Are you in a band and want to reach new fans free? Headliner.fm can hook you up. Check it out!  
 Love the new The Ready Set  video...this song is catchy! 
 Summer Line Blog Post! 
 Who's excited for the SUMMER LINE! Tag our fb page in a post and be entered to WIN A FREE SHIRT when the line releases! 
 I said Hey, Hey, Hey !!!
  thank you! were glad you think so!
 "AMERICA LOVES MY SHIT! I GO TO PARTIES & LOOK HOW MANY HUGS I GET!" - Rock out with your Joker! Party hard America! 
 New Blog Post! Check it out 
 Getting ready for the summer line photo shoot today with 
 Wanna open for rock legend Jane's Addiction this summer? Enter the  contest here!  
 FREE SHIRTS! Tag us in a Facebook post and have it show on our page! 3 winners! 
 Check out Bartlett 4th of July Fest | Battle of the Bands | This Ordinary Guy it's tonight from 4-8pm at apple orchard park in Bartlett
 Check out our new blog post! 
 Just threw in a FREE shirt from the NEW SUMMER LINE that is coming out soon in the latest order we just packaged ;)
 This is some good stuff lol! 
 had a good time at stick it to the man fest this weekend!
  Fest day 2 today!
 Are you in a band and want to reach new fans free? Headliner.fm can hook you up. Check it out!  
 just got the last shirt in for the summer line, setting a photo shoot up so we can get these bad boys out to you guys!
 I'm a be, I'm a be I'm a I'm a I'm a be... WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO BE IN LIFE!?
 just got back from the drive-in with my bro and dad for fathers day. Saw the green lantern and hangover 2! It was a great tim
 Wanna open for rock legend Jane's Addiction this summer? Enter the  contest here!  
 CATCH THE MUSIC,VIDEOS AND PHOTOGRAPHY OF MULTI-MEDIA ARTIST ROCKMAN  HTTP://WWW.ADHDRECORDS.COM FREE DOWNLOADS
 Support LONEJELLIFISH by liking his Facebook page!  
 Any plans for this summer friends? I might be going sky diving! well once my collar bone heals lol
 Time to get some summer freshness! The new shirts are going to be sick!
  we just got the tanks in today!
 i think i might have broken my collar bone today after a big wipeout longboarding...
 Can't wait for the Sleeping With Sirens Documentary! Go subscribe to their youtube page www.youtube.com/kellinquinn
 Thinking about getting a longboard after trying out my friends yesterday!
 Support LONEJELLIFISH by liking his Facebook page!  
 Sync your MySpace songs, videos & more to your Facebook Page & reach more fans! Here is how 
 ATTENTION all artists! Sell your music with  and get 1/2 off your registration fee. 
 Go check out  new musice video! 
 New SAME-O song, "Stay Away", recorded for a short film. Check it out on the band profile !! 
 Psychosomatic Constipation, Great name for a rock band!" 
 It's raining it's pouring, time to go back to bed and start snoring.
 dj Buddy Holly rocks my world!  
 Increase Reverbnation band page equity in 3 days ! 
 I'm at Bled Fest and I haven't seen any blood! wtf!
 If your at  come chill at our table with us!
 chillin at our table at  Come stop by and pick up a shirt =) they're all on sale for the day!
 Just ran into the guys from  at McDonalds, Can't wait to catch their set at  today!
 Chillin at McDonalds getting some wifi with  before the big day at 
 Can’t wait to see  on the  tour! RSVP for the show in your town now!  
 RT  Packing the van for  tomorrow! Going to be leaving in a bit with  from  and  ...
 Are you in a band and want to reach new fans free? Headliner.fm can hook you up. Check it out!  
 BLED FEST blog post =) Check it out! 
 Steven Tyler still got some pipes! Glad I have seen that man perform b4, he is pure talent.
 Going to see The Hangover 2 movie tonight with some good friends! SWEETNESS
 Just got wind that the summer line shirts should be getting in tomorrow! I hope that this is true lol because that would make our day!
 4 more hours to get 25% OFF! Type ENDOFTHEWORLD at checkout! 
 ‎25% OFF! Get some threads before the END OF THE WORLD! Type ENDOFTHEWORLD at checkout! 
 listen, download & share:  ! then follow  or become a fan   
 Baby Don't you want to go. To that same old place, Sweet Home Chicago!
 Add a new song to your ipod :) 
 Sync your MySpace songs, videos & more to your Facebook Page & reach more fans! Get set up here:  
 MICHAEL HENDERSON has great songs 
 OMG...Joelle's amaaazing debut album is on iTunes Finally! 
  Buy Aron Lyrd's new album, Orange Dreams. Here are some reviews: " on the charts I’m sure..."
 Wow! Free music downloads! Click here and get your FREE copy right now! No strings attached. 
 USA!!! USA!!! USA!!!  -Chris
 ATTENTION all artists! Sell your music with  and get 1/2 off your registration fee. 
 Promote and share your music on Twitter ! 
 You can't eat on an empty stomach! Lmao that was some funny shit
 Have you ever met a schmuck, who shot a buck, from off a truck? Well the best of luck!
 Fresh to Death
 I would like to thanks all my new and old fans for support and Love !  Ozzmak  : )   
 Leaving in a little bit to film bands with 
        Sorry That I waited till Saturday lol
  That's what I have been trying to tell everybody! I am glad someone at least gets it lol
 RT   - when you hear someone tell I bad joke, who you gonna call? 
 S/O to  is an awesome song!! 
 If you love good music, then you'll love Steve Ryan.  Like him on facebook today, 
 Are you in a band and want to reach new fans free? Headliner.fm can hook you up. Check it out!  
 Dave Jurenovich Project is one of my favorite unsigned bands right now  on twitter! 
 "Every now and then an album shines through the muck like a gem in the rough."  J.F.L. 
 Support this Chicagoland band, Crawpuppies. Listen to their tunes at . You might just like them :)
 Hot new artists, Free music & Promotional tools! 
 ROCKLAHOMA MAY 27-29 - Stained, Drowning Pool, Bait, Poison, Rev Theory + MANY MORE!!! DETAILS AT  
 30% OFF! 3 hrs left to get mothers day deal! type BALLERMOM at checkout 
 You can now follow the owner of joker apparel at 
 What a great day for mothers day! I hope everyone is enjoying their moms company!
  sweet! That is awesome, and what a great day to be at the track as well. you couldn't ask for better weather
 This is the band out of Alaska I was talking about. - they rock! The last song is a total headphone trip!
 30% OFF for mothers day! Type BALLINMOM at checkout!  
 Promote and share your music on Twitter ! 
 Mrs. Doubtfire is on! I love this movie and haven't seen it in ages!
 T. N. is raising funds for a boy who lost his mom during the tornados storms. All sales go to him. 
 Austn's trackZ R great...      B a Friend at myspace & catch those craZ waves released N SPRINGTIME
         
 "Deadcore: Four Zombie Novellas," get it at now at Amazon! 
 Yo Yo, tell your friends to be our friends...So we can all be friends together! =)
 I'm tired of being tired... Can't wait for summer! summer = FESTS!
 Ever bust anyone for a crappy joke? Well then... The JOKEBUSTERS by Joker Apparel shirt is a perfect fit for you! 
 Progressive Fusion Masterpiece being praised by all
 Bands! This quick interview will teach you a new way to book shows at over 3000 venues in the US!  
  thanks! and who ever likes it tell them were gona run another FB contest soon, so "like" our page =)
 Help us get to 1,500 "likes" on our FB page and we will run another contest for 3 lucky winners! 
 Boy Hits Car's new album Stealing Fire is out exclusively on www.boyhitscar.com! Click to hear it!  
  life is just one big party! We just be  all day in that shirt lol
  sweet! Hope you like!
 INCREASE Your Reverbnation Band Equity & Page Ranks! 
 RT  Wore a jokebusters shirt by  the other day...I've never received so many compliments for a tee shirt b ...
 Support LONEJELLIFISH by liking his Facebook page!  
 Last 35 min to get 30% OFF at our store! type "AMERICA" at check out! 
 Check out our photographer  and some prints he has up for sale here 
 30% OFF! Type "AMERICA" at checkout! Sale ends in 4.5hrs! 
 30% OFF! Type "AMERICA" at checkout! Sale ends today at midnight. 
 Dave Jurenovich's demo is at Rhapsody, Myspace music, Napster, Amazon MP3, I-Tunes and others.   
 It has been a great day. type AMERICA at checkout & receive 30% OFF! Sale will end tomorrow at midnight! 
 I think now would be a good time to bring our troops back home where they all belong.
 my pup either sleeps or is off the wall crazy! There is not in between for her lol
 check out seven story fall on facebook   
 definitely thinking that I am going to go skydiving this summer! Just need to find a partner in crime for the job lol
 RT S/O to  for dropping their new single   
  ahah I got you, Yea that would suck lol
  ok I change my mind lol. But it still seems pretty sweet otherwise
  haha yea but isn't there overhangs or something? You go or did go to one?
 Ok I wish I could have gone to a high school where the hallways and lockers were outside! That would have been baller lol
 Mowing the yard =  thing that sucks about summer
 TONIGHT - FREE PUNK music  Double Down Saloon NYC w/ Maninblack & guests:    
  what do you mean lol? throw out some examples b/c I am not understanding
   he is a big inspiration to how joker apparel started and how I go about running the company
        
 Our friends Chaos Theory just dropped a new single "Rage" and it's sick! Check it out  
 Free Advertising  Free music 
  I was really impressed with the movie, I wouldn't give it anything less than 4 stars. I enjoyed every min of it!
 Going to see "water for elephants" at the theatre with a couple of friends. I have no clue what it's about lol.... hope its good!
 Boost your site on Reverbnation Music charts  
 Watch the new Dexter's Kin music video!  
 New Music: LONEJELLIFISH 
 Think GREEN!!EARTH DAY everyday!!Austn,has awareness,lyrical content N most of his workZ 
 If you love good music, then you'll love Steve Ryan.  Like him on facebook today, 
 Follow  and RT this to win a copy of his new ebook Thread’s Not Dead  10 will win via 
  sweet I will def give your band and also you some shout outs! Also If you get any pics in the shirts post them to our fb page!
  when your wearing this shirt! 
  I will definitely spread the word, just give me your guys band name =)
 Limited Time Offer: Use the code CDBHEADLINER05 and get your album on iTunes for $5 off 
  type in justinweidling at check out when you order and recieve 20% OFF! ^^^
 RT  for all my first followers here is a coupon code for 20% OFF at   type (justinw ...
 Check out A Story Left Untold and their new catchy single "Back To September" on Facebook 
 RT    goin to buy ur shirts for my band! :)
 Hey Everyone! You can now follow the owner of Joker Apparel  SO COME CHAT IT UP WITH! ALWAYS LIKE MAKING NEW FRIENDS =)
  sweet thanks bro! Can't wait to put your guys order together!
 Supporting Indie Artists keeps the music coming to the people & Olio Loves the People  
 Have you seen our "PARTY MASHEEN" SHIRT yet? 
 New REAL Music: BRKNRBTZ JoinUs.  
 We use Headliner.fm to promote our music online. If you're in a band check them out  
  nice!
  thanks arnley, it's mine as well =) Wish we could throw a Charlie Masheen party and drink  well wearing the shirt lol
  nice which shirt lol?
 ROCKLAHOMA May 27 - 29 W/ Motley Crue, Bait, Poision, Stained and MORE! Details at> 
 Vote for your favorite Joker Apparel Shirt here -->  - we would love to know for future designs =)
  np! thanks participating and supporting our brand!
  thanks, sending out the shirt you won tomorrow!
 RT   
 Watching "Two and a Half Men" and eating candy
 Really into this new  album  
 Just checked out the new  album  sickl!!! 
 if u live in so. cal. u have got 2 check out OLIO live.
  np!
 RT   get The Endless Summer's ( song  in exchange for one tweet:  ...
 LAST HOUR to tag us in a FB post and be entered into our contest to WIN A FREE SHIRT! 
 RT  first single off  is  and it's on iTunes now! 
 Last Day to Tag us in a FB post & be entered into a drawing to WIN A FREE SHIRT! Picking the  at 12pm(CST)! 
       
           
 do u live in so. cal.? get yur tix for one hot show Olio, Oingo Boing & more.
   haha thanks josh I passed out early after only getting a couple hrs of sleep the night b4
 Dave Jurenovich's demo available for FREE THROUGH FRIDAY! RETWEET!  
 WIN A FREE SHIRT! TAG US IN A POST on our fb page and be entered in our drawing! winner being picked on friday! 
 "Deadcore: Four Zombie Novellas," get it at now at Amazon! 
 Who wants to help us get 420 followers today ;)
 Help support our friends Our Future Leaders! Like their page 
  np! hope your tuesday is going good
 WIN A FREE SHIRT! TAG US IN A POST on our fb page and be entered in our drawing! winner being picked on friday!
 Can't stop listening to "The Tide" by Shake It Up. So sick!!! 
 Rocklahoma May 27-29 - Bait/Hinder/Drowning Pool/BLS/Siva Addiction & MORE! DETAILS  
 New blog post! Check it out 
 WIN A FREE SHIRT! TAG US IN A POST on our fb page and be entered in our drawing! winner being picked on friday! 
 TAG US IN A FB POST and be entered into a drawing for your chance to win a FREE Joker shirt of your choice!  
 Really diggin' Dave Jurenovich Project!  
 JD Nash has two songs available for download on CDBaby!! Help out the most hard-working rocker out there!! CDBaby.com
 RT  I just came across this  shirt on tumblr and its getting a buncha reblogs :) pretty sweet!   ...
 Ok please tell me i am still dreaming! There is snow on the ground in mid-late april!
  np, oh and if you tag us on face book you could possibly win a FREE shirt in our drawing!
  thank you, if you tag us in a face book post ul be entered in to a drawing and could win a free shirt
 TAG US IN A POST and be entered into a drawing for your chance to win a FREE Joker shirt of your choice!  
 TAG US IN A POST and be entered into a drawing for your chance to win a FREE Joker shirt of your choice! 
 If your bored on this sunday afternoon head over to our store and check out the line 
 check out  and show them some love! 
 Party LIKE a Rock Star? What about Party LIKE a Comedy Star!  
 NEW blog post on the PARTY MASHEEN shirt we got in today! 
         
 RT  Can't wait to get the  shirt from  :)
 just got the PARTY MASHEEN shirt in! You have till tonight at 12pm to order yours and save $5! 
 RT Album pick of the week:  by  
 Just talked to  who put some great ideas on the table! got some good ideas rolling around here
 get your music or band listed on this site -  RT 
 RT S/O to  for dropping their new single   
 What does everyone think of our "PARTY MASHEEN" shirt? 
 RT  officially sponsored by   if you didn't see on my facebook! i am super stokeeeeed! :)
 RT   (Jimmy,bass/vocals) has officially been sponsored by  Check out the joker store at  ...
 Last week to pre-order the "Party Masheen" shirt and save $5! Take part in this  deal!  Please RT RT RT!!!
 Limited Time Offer: Use the code CDBHEADLINER05 and get your album on iTunes for $5 off 
 RT Awesome new single  by  
 Loving the new  track! 
 Thank you  and  for running the Joker Apparel table at 
 We use Headliner.fm to promote our music online. If you're in a band check them out  
 musicians network - check it out..  RT
 If you are at Jamboree, come by our tent and pick up some Joker merch!
          
 Exicted for  tomorrow! Come check out our tent if your there!  will be running it for the day!
 Check out this great new video! 
 winners wear  t-shirts --> 
 Really into this new  album  
 3 more days till  Will be having the joker apparel tent up, so come over and check out what we got to offer =)
 "Deadcore: Four Zombie Novellas," get it at now at Amazon! 
 Support LONEJELLIFISH by liking his Facebook page!  
 Just checked out the new  album  sickl!!! 
 NEW BLOG POST! Check it out 
 Joker Creates "Party Masheen" T-shirt  : 
 Four More DAYS till  Hope to meet a bunch of new friends and have an awesome day!
 your not  unless you own this shirt! The ultimate Charlie Sheen Party shirt 
  I'm praying that the rain will hold off, or I am hoping it will pour cats and dogs all week long before 
 Making Apple Bread and it smells ohh so good in the oven right now lol, gona eat some with vanilla ice cream when its done!
 Support Dave Jurenovich Project by liking their Facebook page!   Twitter 
 loving the storm right now well I work on a Digital Tour Bus drum head
 Check out this  shirt 
 Been listening to a lot of My American Heart "Hiding Inside the Horrible Weather" lately
 Check out the Sesame Street-inspired video for Atoms on Broadway's new single! 
 Charlie Sheen sober = 
 Check out Crawpuppies free download of their song, "She Comes Lovely" You might just like it. 
 Shout out to Aron Lyrd ! Follow them here:  
 Check out our new shirt "PARTY MASHEEN"! You can save $5 by pre-ordering today! 
 Shout out to Jeff Bosset! Follow them here:  
 Witness/play a part in any good April Fool Jokes today? or any favs from years past?
          
 Check out this video of a squirrel dancing to katy Perry's song "Firework"! hilarious! 
 Check out  - they're taking YouTube stars on tour across America and tix start at $8! 
           
 Who's going to  next Saturday (April 9th) in Toledo, OH? COME CHECK OUT OUR TENT! U can Get tickets at 
 New album from Nashville band THE MAX for FREE!  
 Check out this parody shirt of  Sheen 
 Check out our interview with The Ordinary Guy Podcast Network on the "PARTY MASHEEN" shirt design 
 Pasta Mia meatball sandwich was so good! now to watch tv and design
 RT  Ha ha ha! RT  Check out this  Charlie Sheen design  This is a shirt your ... htt ...
 Check out this  shirt design 
 Shout out to Death and Taxes! Follow them here:  
 What do you think these babies are saying? 
 This new  album  is unreal!!! RT RT RT 
 Did you  this design coming? 
 Check out this  shirt 
 RT  Check out our latest interview with  
 Everyone please vote for  to win MTV's Musical March Madness!! 
 RT  Check out this shirt from our friends over at  
 Heading over to our friends  Network in about an hour to do a brief interview on the "PARTY MASHEEN" shirt!
 Excited that were going to have the "PARTY MASHEEN" shirt for   
 Put in the "PARTY MASHEEN" shirt order earlier today with 
 Go Check out  they got some great tracks for all you lovely people! Also go "like" their FB page 
 Check out our new blog post you PARTY ANIMALS!  
 RT  Also check out  new "party masheen" shirt at  www.jokerApparel.com
 RT  Hey kids! Got get your sweet "party masheen" shirt now!!! I'm gonna!  www.jokerApparel.com
 RT   new shirt "Party Masheen" is up online, PLEASE go check it out! www.jokerapparel.com
 RT  My bro just put up his NEW Charlie Sheen parody design for  at  ...it's only $9.95  ...
  Charlie Sheen parody shirt! 
 NEW "PARTY MASHEEN!" shirt up for pre-order! Save $5 if you pre-order! 
 Limited Time Offer: Use the code CDBHEADLINER05 and get your album on iTunes for $5 off 
 Got a meeting today to plan a special event hopefully!
 Via  These guys are truly amazing!   follow 
 You should check out David Martinez's new single "Hey Mary" on 
 We use Headliner.fm to promote our music online. If you're in a band check them out  
 Check out  new single here  and GIVE THEM SOME LOVE ON THEIR PAGE!
 Listening to SKYDRIP new song on Myspace. Check it out:  
 Looking 2 get some new threads? hit up our store now b/c everythings been discounted 4 SPRING BREAK SALE! 
 Dave Jurenovich has an interview  91.3 WBNY April 28 7:30 PM to 8PM 
  haha probly bc I can't wait for summer to roll around lol. more shows 2g2 and get the Joker Apparel Brand out there!
         
  well hopefully it will be gone in a day or two. IT'S SPRING!
 We got a BIG Spring Break sale going on right now! Check it out here 
  jeeze a ft! that's no fun! we got snow but at least none of it stuck...phew!
  were out of Chicago, IL =)
 Wow we had amazing weather last week and this week its cold...oh and it snowed a little!
 Support Blind Ambition by liking their Facebook page!  
 Band from Toronto, check out The MacHams (alternative/pop rock) 
  well that sucks lol if u love caramel apples u might need 2 invest in a new apple cutter lol
  haha you just need 2 buy the pre-cut apples then lol or an apple cutter
  just finished eating some lol
 RT   HELLZ YES!! THE best combo ever!!
 Apples + Caramel = DA BOMB!
 Spring Break Sale! Big mark down on all our shirts for a limited time! So go grab some well they're super cheap =) 
 Check this out...$8 for a seriously cool CD by Nevis - funk rock at its finest!  
 My name is Didorion come back and listen to NU Versions.
 Support SEVEN STORY FALL  by adding their Facebook page!  www.facebook.com/sevenstoryfall7 - also new cd coming soon!!
 Everyone should check out  Great musicians and friends! They got some great tracks in the works for all you lovely people
 I just found this killer band. They need your vote to make this years Warped Tour.  Fan, Vote, Play 
 Check out NiÑA! 
 Running a BIG Spring Break Sale on our website! All shirts are on a big discount for the entire week! 
 Support Jay Wud by liking their page on Facebook!  
 driving ’round town
 Jason Rylan just dropped a sick new album. Check it out: 
 Check out the ustream.tv/channel/digitaltourbus event, with a bunch of funny people talking and asnwering questions.
  thank you!
 Check out our new design on our facebook page and give us feedback please! 
  new design is up for opinions/feedback on our facebook page now! just thought id let you know
 Please check out keyboardist and composer Jeff Bosset! Follow them here:  
 New blog post, Be a Party maSHEEN!!! 
  thanks!
 RT   Alright sweet, lookin forward to it!  Good luck, I'll keep an eye out!
  yea were looking forward to putting out our new designs. Some of our favorites are next up
 RT   Alright awesome!  Just 'liked' you guys!  Lookin forward to some new designs!  =)
 Help A Moment's Worth play the Warped Tour this year!  Listen & Vote for them here 
  np! thanks, do you got a fav? Check out our facebook  were gona post a new design very soon!
 Shout out to Aron Lyrd ! Follow them here:  
 You know its spring when you can walk around in a shirt and hoodie! A great day for some outdoor activity!
 download "damn thang" hot track by    that will blow ya mind get it here: 
 mixscape just dropped a sick new  Check it out:  
 An awesome idea came to me today! Hopefully be able to let you all know what it is in about a week!!! Be on the lookout
 Get music on iTunes with CD Baby. Use the code CDBHEADLINER05 and get $5 off an album submission  
 Just passed 6,000 followers on twitter! Sweeeeeeet!
 New song "I'm On It" feat. MR. & Giovanni! Listen to it    and follow  & 
 Haha Charlie Sheen "Torpedo of Truth" TOUR! 
 RT  Thanks,         You are all ...
  haha what's your reason behind flippo? lol
 We use Headliner.fm to get our name out. If you're in a Band check it out  
 I keep asking myself, if there was a fifth TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLE... What would his name be?
 "No, I skateboarded off a tuck into a fire-hydrant!" - Out Cold, love that quote!
 What if our lives are just a game and some higher power is playing it? I hope by the end of the game I'M "WINNING"!
 dreamt I was a TMNT! 
 You should check out Lil LOONY's new album on iTunes:  Download &comment Lil loony is on Fm Radio
 Check out our new blog post! Congrats Johnny Cupcakes! 
 Check out our clothing line at 
 You should check out Jom Rapstar's new album on iTunes: 
 Vote for Block Scholars "Time Machine", a finalist at the  "People's Voice" Award   
 just got done taking my pup for a walk, now its time for some design till dinner!
 What a nice day outside!
          
 Hey  Baby! NEW SINGLE "Earthwalker" is ridiculously good!
 KB the Boo Bonic will be playing  the 35Conferette Festival in Denton TX this Friday! Peep it! 
 go take a listen to  new SINGLE "Earthwalker"! Its AMAZING! SHare with all your friends =) 
 NEW STREET BANGA. CHECK OUT PREMOE IN THE STUDIO WITH MARI-GO-ROUND 
 Saw this live set by Thoughtsarizen. Dope underground, thinking, feeling hip-hop
 It would be totally awesome if everyone would go like our FB page =) 
 YO!!! AEILEONS ON THE RADIO!!!!!!! VOTE FOR AEILEON BY CLICKING HERE. 
  that is 4 sure! How can you not be lol
 RT  Do you like  Enter to win a FREE  signed drumhead by Jordan at 
 excited for the new blink 182 album!
 Go like   FB page so we can hear some new music already =) 
 I just downloaded the hottest record on the planet by M.E.R.G.E / River Walka:
 RT   see you there guys! :)
 Going to have a tent up at  A great line up and hoping to meet lots of new friends =)
 Just finished a couple of fresh new designs =)
  great work, you got some good stuff
  thank you
 Everyone post " - Lets Cheers To This - May 2010" on their page to help us spread the word a little early!
 Battle of the Bands - InOceans 
 You should check out Crook-ed Army Records Artist Str8-Lace's new album on iTunes:  and Cdbaby
  Add The Facebook Page   Join me at     
 waking up to strawberry waffles for lunch is the start to a great day lol
 We use Headliner.fm to get our name out. If you're in a Band check it out  
 Follow4Follow =)
 Heading out to another show at WARP tonight in a little bit
 From Storenvy: Check out In Oceans ShipWreck T-Shirt by In Oceans. 
           
 Go Check out this Hot R&B Single "Designer Diva" at www.soundcloud.com/designerdiva Trust me when I say H.O.T Freedwnlod
 Shout out to oktayne! Follow him here:  
 ‎"Can you say ballin'!"
 Support Dave Jurenovich to release an EP! Listen to his demo  and look for them on CD baby shortly!
