 Take a look at this most recent example of how Twitter influences the political process 
 RT  If you arent making any mistakes, its a sure sign youre playing it too safe. John Maxwell
 40  tips and tricks for the power user 
 How many hours a week do you spend on social sites?
  thanks for newsletter inclusion today!
 RT  Charleston Marketers Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    ...
  thanks so much for the RT today! 
 15 Google sites and servces for power users via  
 Six ways  could shake up social media 
 RT  Where you start is not as important as where you finish. ~ Zig Ziglar
 Great video about managing  fatigue. Do you get it? How do you manage it? 
  Thank you for the RT. Hope you have a wonderful Friday! 
 Good SEO versus bad SEO  and how to tell the difference 
 RT  Every finish line is the beginning of a new race 
 How the  are encouraging doctors to put medical records online 
 Do you use humor in your social media marketing? Getting it right is serious business! 
 RT  8 new roles PR can play in social media. (nice one,  
  Rice crispies!!
 RT  Garlic Festival tweeting = social aromatherapy
 Good news to share: Facebook for   is now available  
 Linkedin launches button that lets you apply for jobs  
 Does your business use  for customer service? AT&T has done a great job on this - here's how 
 You know, if you're gonna rob someone, you might not want to organize it on Facebook 
 RT  Netflix Hits 25 Million Subscribers, But Expects Fallout From Price Hike - 
 RT  Knowing is not doing. Only doing is doing
  FF and TY!      great tweeters one and all!
 RT  360 Marketing Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     ...
 RT  Did you know that kids laugh around 400 times a day? I say let's be more like kids!!
 How the  is using social media for better or worse 
 Logic will take you from A to B. Imagination will take you anywhere. -- Albert Einstein
 Have you heard,  We're getting  4G this week! 
 Holy Too Long Winded! Slate says  should double character limit to 280! What say you?
 Careful, Google: Don't make to my businesses mad 
 RT  33 New Email Templates. 
  You are most welcome!   Loved meeting all of you! Hope to do more training in the early fall 
 Which brands do you think do the best job with their social media marketing?
 RT  Damn. I could have written this.   The Top 10 Missing Features  
 Excited about seeing all the ladies   today! 
 Love this one: RT   "Resistance to Social Media is futile..."
 ‎"In the hopes of reaching the moon, men fail to see the flowers that blossom at their feet" --- Albert Schweitzer
  Staying busy! 
 RT  Respect RT    I pretend my bike is a car and follow the rules (most of the time).. ...
 RT  Coosaw Creek wins City Swim Meet |   
 Just heard  team will now use    to videoconference internally instead of Skype. Wow.
 New to  Welcome! This post 's for you: Top Twitter Tips for Beginners.   
 Great article:  RT  RT  Twenty tips for  using   
  hearing that people re having problems such as freezing up, etc. have you heard this at all?   
 RT  Google+ for iOS finally approved. Get downloading!: We’ve waited, we’ve watched and now we get it. Thanks to a t... h ...
  YW.  Saw it on your FB page. Wanted to pass along & give proper credit. Tx for the follow. Look forward to your tweets.
   IMO, making someone an acquaintance on  is just a means of classifying - no more, no less 
 "Be yourself. Even a brand has personality." ---Thanks 
 Would love to answer your social media ?'s here.  with your questions!
 Facebook will not allow ads of your  Google+ on Facebook via  Anyone surprised? 
  YW - glad you think so! 
  tip: Search "power hashtags" for your area or topics of interest to get latest info. For ex.,   
 Fill in the blank: I'm not leaving Facebook for  because ..............
 Twitter reaches 200 million via  
 Is it sunny where you are? Gorgeous here in   Here's hoping you plan to spend at least part of your day outside if you can!
 RT  Just getting out of the pool? Reapply your 
 RT  Social Media Goodies:Insight into Google+ from Liz Deloach  &  
 RT  The Charleston, SC Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     ...
 Sincere thanks and a big  to  &  for newsletter inclusions. And they tweet great info, too! 
  Thanks so much for the inclusion in your newsletter. Greatly appreciated! Have a wonderful Friday!
  Gamechanger? Liz weighs in with her thoughts. 
 On linkedin? We'd love to connect with you there, too.  
 25 great Facebook Page content ideas 
 For all you   peeps: Here's an app that is said to work well with  http:/ow.ly/5E1P5
 RT  Toyota is giving 100 cars over 100 days to nonprofits. And your votes decide who gets a new set of wheels.  ...
 Big changes coming to Google+ this weekend. TY  
 Why are spammers, spammers? What do they get out of it? 
 Thanks so much for the mention in All About Charleston,  Really appreciate that.
 RT  Today's All About Charleston is out  Top posts via     ...
 RT  RT  Want google+ integration in  Please request here: 
 Foursquare is using check-in histories, time of day and location to target deals to app users. Thank you  
 Tx so much! RT  Social Media Goodies: Insight into Google+ from Liz Deloach  &  
 RT  Women are like cell phones  They like to be held & talked to, but push the wrong button & youll be disconnecte ...
 Wow, that was fast: Google about to hit 10 million. Via  
 Why the photo editor on Google+ rocks 
 RT  Always give without remembering & always receive without forgetting. -Brian Tracy
 Who is trying out  What do you think so far?
 RT  A few LinkedIn networking tips... -   - Blog 
 Twenty five tips to nhance your google plus experience. 
 Great article: 9 things  needs in order for me to ditch Facebook 
 Just got this - Google+ biz pages are not available yet, but they are coming. Claim your entity name now. 
 RT  Nothing is so exhausting as indecision, and nothing is so futile. ~ Bertrand Russell
 Sorry for the typos in earlier tweets today. Fingers flying faster than eyes reading sometimes!! 
 RT  Four arrested after police say they bust North Charleston brothel. Story:  
 A how-to on launching Facebook Skype video chst 
 StumbleUpon now drives more website trafficc than Facebookhttp://ow.ly/5ygSj
 FYI, big announcement from  today at 10 AM PST, 1:00 PM EST 
 I've found  a great source of social media "how-to." They have ebook on Twitter for business you can download 
  Opinion: The difference between customer service and community 
 Eight ways to get content that gets clicks. 
 Wreck with injuries at 521 Folly Road. Vehicles blocking traffic.   via 
 Happy Fourth of July!  . Enjoy this tribute to the USA 
 Trust building: Why Facebook will grow your business 
 Rumor mill: Facebook to launh Skype chat next week? 
 Right on the heels of   here's a great article on nonprofits getting help with social media. 
 RT  Volunteers needed for shelter work 
 On  Follow me on Social Strategies there,  and post your questions. Would love to hear from you. 
 tumblrbot asked: WHERE WOULD YOU MOST LIKE TO VISIT ON YOUR PLANET? 
 Be safe this  with those fireworks. Here are some safety tips for kids. 
 Does anyone comment anonymously anymore?  Liz explains why she thinks it's cowardly. Agree or disagree? 
 Use Gmail? Lots of changes coming over the next few months. 
  My pleasure!  You have a great weekend as well.
 Delta has some great ways to use social media for customer service. Could they work for you? 
 RT  RT  Many life failures are people who did not realize how close they were to  when they gave up ~  ...
  my pleasure! 
  So glad you enjoyed. Looking to do longer one for  - many seem to want a lot more info  Happy 4th- see you soon.
 RT  WordPress launches its first full WYSIWYG app – for WebOS: WordPress has today torn the wrapping off a brand new... h ...
  :-)
 Happy Birthday   - Tweeps, check out Ronii's great lessons learned over the last three years  - keepers! 
  Maybe today is just not a sharp objects day for you.... 
 RT  We hope your July 4 is a blast--but not literally. Fireworks can cause severe injuries to eyes and skin. Stay safe: h ...
 RT   linking holidays & major events to your mission is a great way to build creative appeals! 
 Great peeps to          
  Just sent to Tina, Lindsey, Michael  These were given as handouts to participants as well.
  Thanks for attending my session on the Social Web   yesterday. Great to have you and if I can help let me know.
  Awesome job and thank you for the opportunity to present on the Social Web.  SRO in that room! 
  Great having you in my session on social web   yesterday. Tx. You do such a great job with your social media!
  Thanks for coming to my session on the social web at   Great to have you hope it was helpful. Send me ?'s anytime.
  Great to see you at    yesterday! Thanks for attending my session
 Pretty great to present on the social web on Social Media Day! Thanks everyone   for coming. Feel free to tweet me your ?s.
  is holding a  Will you be there? 
 Thanks to all who came to my social web talk    As promised: link to  for Nonpofits  
 At   today? Liz will be presenting Top 10 Most Common Twitter Mistakes  2:00 PM, Drayton Room.  See you there!
 Leadership is doing what is right when no one is watching. – George Van Valkenburg
 Social Networking 101: Do the boys really beat the girls? 
 Nine new ways to use  to launch a book 
 RT  Microsoft Office 365 Launches - 
 Here is a great  article via Mashable about a Twitter guide for journalists 
  infection requires OS reinstasll according to  Microsoft 
  asks the question: Is Facebook overvalued at 70 Billion. Yep, that 's with a "B." 
 RT  Trust us, they're everywhere: 8 ways to identify a social media douchebag  
 RT  Trust us, they're everywhere: 8 ways to identify a social media douchebag  
 Seven ways to increase your Google rankings 
 This week in  via Social Media Examiner 
  reaches another milestone 
 Facebook gets new VIP sections. Here are the details from  
 RT  Charleston Digital Corridor and Local Tech Companies Provide Funding for Female Youth Program | LowcountryBizSC: http: ...
 Can you build meaningful relationships with socia media?  Some say "No." Get our founder Liz's thoughts 
 Some reasons your small business should consider Facebook Ads. 
 Great read from Inc. Magazine: Top Core Values of Small Workplaces 
 RT  How Should Brands Be Using Facebook Next? -  by  (ht  [Important read!]
 Smart. VERY smart. Reportedly, Obama to do his own  and  updates during  the campaign. 
 Great article by Amber Naslund: Are you doing these things 3/ your  to stand apart from your competitors? 
 Happy Father's Day everyone! How are you celebrating?
 Our founder Liz shares a tribute to her Dad. Happy Father's Day  
  Always honored to be in your newsletter. Thank you!
 Are you a  agent? Learn how this one used  media to get and close multi-million dollar deals. 
 RT  The Charleston, SC Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     ...
 Good info from Kelly Services: average hourly wage up from this time last year, and more!
 Wht types of tweets do you like most from businesses?
 Apologies for three identical tweets this morning! 
 From Entrepreneur: How three small companies benefit from Facebook marketing 
 From Entrepreneur: How three small companies benefit from Facebook marketing 
 From Entrepreneur: How three small companies benefit from Facebook marketing 
 From Entrepreneur: How three small companies benefit from Facebook marketing 
 Why a corporation's legal dept. needs  seat at the social media table 
 From  Automotive Digital: Why you can't afford to ignore social media 
 RT  12 Marketing Lessons From the Cast of Glee 
 RT  You dont get what you want in life. You get what you focus on and expect. Tony Rush
   Thanks for the earlier RT's! Please excuse my delayed acknowledgement.
 How cool is this: CNN will display live Twitter and Facebook streams into  GOP debate. We can all be a part of it, too! 
 Can you think fo two or three ways to use social media for business every day? How about ten ways? 
 From our Blog archives: Does your company really need Social Media? Depends. Here are six crucial questions to consider 
 Why did Apple choose Twitter over Facebook? Some answers 
 Great article from Time on how social media is changing disaster response 
 Hope everyone is having a great Saturday night. :)
 Just imagine: Facebook has added a "Disagree" button? Would you use it?  
 Have a ? about LinkedIn, YouTube, Twitter, Facebook?  reply and I'll be happy to address it!
 RT  Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death Albert Einstein
 RT  Zappos: A Lesson in Passion 
 RT  5 Truly Creative Uses Of Social Media  
  Thanks for the RT!
 RT  Watch Live: Boeing will hold a ribbon-cutting ceremony for its North Charleston plant Friday at 10 a.m.  ...
 Did you know that YouTube is now the world's second largest search engine? If your business isn't there, we can help with that!
 Latrst and greatest  video. All we can say is "wow!" 
 Six great PR tips for getting the message out on Facebook. 
 Ten common mistakes made by non-profits on social media  
 Just read that text messaging is now 18 years old! Do you text?
 We  live in a transparent online world; the exercise of discretion while there can make or break your personal and professional reputation.
 Ten cool jobs and what they pay 
 Five best biz apps for your smartphone 
 Want to rev up your social media marketing? Here are six new campaigns to learn from via  
 Just what we need: Another social media productivity killer? 
 Location etiquette tips: Foursquare "faux pas" to avoid 
 Ever feel like you need  detox? How do you push yourself away from the screen?
 Check out how these schools are successfully using social media 
  thanks for the  love! Right back at you!
 Social Media gains more ground influencing search 
 Just read via  that a whopping 85% of women are annoyed by their  friends. Are you one of them? What annoys you?
 RT  What Marketers Need to Know About Facebook's Switch to iFrames 
 It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not.  Via Rebel Brown ~Author Unknown
 Are you friends with your boss on Facebook? Why or why not?
 It's a great morning to go downtown to the Farmer's Market  Square!   
 RT            ...
 RT  The FUNNY Four Stages of “Getting” Twitter Infographic - Retweet this! 
 RT  Southwest Airlines Introduces Travelers to Charleston   
