 Shouts to  for being a wonderful "tour guide" lol.
  MAHALO!! Peace and Love............
 RT  Internet Service Providers in the US now are required to keep records of your activity. Here's what this means for you:  ...
 Back in Chi town like I left something...
  oh great that's an incentive.  Thanks 4 being my food guide lol!
  Nice, I'll check it out.
  I know these places are few and far between but is there anything else that's downtown?
  I already had carrot cake earlier, didn't want to over do it. But I'm def going back when I get into town.
  I filled my dessert quota at lunch before I went to  but I'm coming back on Wednesday so I'll prob get carrot cake.
  My coworker came with me but was too cowardly to order so I just ordered the taco salad.
  Thank u for recommending Karyn's it was delicious! *Big Hugs*
  lmfaooo
  ha let's chalk it up them being attracted to our auras lol.
  lmao it was pretty damn funny and fascinating actually.
 Then sits in the back of my chair like I'm in his seat. 
 Chicago sparrows are gangster. I'm sitting outside of sweetwater and a bird dive bombs me in my back.
 RT  If HEAVEN had a height, you would be that tall
 
  RT  Map of African-American genes a new guide for disease research. 
  lol check out scribd.com too 
  sounds interesting. Whos the author?
  lmaoooo go head young u know I love u but don't start none 
  I go to sleep at or before 12 to wake up at 4 or 5 for my own peace of mind. We can still get up tho 
  Lol that's right! Family man daddy daycare and what not  
  Man listen to  I don't be going out like that and it's by choice.
  I'll be back when I'm finished installing and configuring these printers... Prob by Monday
  my boss and my pockets lmao.
  I'm in Chi city homie.
   RT  Learn something new today.
  you want that Patrick Swayze Whoopi swag lol.
  I know what u mean. My pops had to shut his down, too many folks wanted to read "sex chronicles" instead of studying Self.
  I wish I would see TP in some leopard...
 RT  As objects in a dream appear real and prove imaginary on waking up, so shall this world appear dreamlike when we awaken fully
 RT  RT  You make a joke because you're afraid to take things seriously, because if you take things seriously, t ...
  u know I miss & love u babe!
 "Styles will change | they say change is dang...erous | as a King standing on the terrace..."
 RT  Law & Order internally will reflect externally.   
  lmao oh that "heat" haha.
 
 RT  Do not worry about the weeds in the garden, the supreme farmer will tend to them when it is time. Focus on the cultiva ...
  either way youre gonna be state prop. 
  if you moving weight u can get a masters or phd. Streets and books gives u the upper hand
 RT  Nas -Project Roach-     & possibly HIGHLY  to you. 
 *Investing in IP address circumvention*
 RT  Cover your tracks ppl RT  Major   s agree to "six strikes"  enforcement plan  ...
  hold me a few homie I'm outta town.
  then there's the level that almost threatens your perceived existence. *Breathe and keep marching*
 Ultimately the war resides with attachment to lower self and compassion towards all. Choose your weapons wisely 
 RT  This is war, and ignorance will not be taken alive. (subtly but not really)
  Cats are terrified  I won't lie it can be a bit uncomfortable.
 I maybe late but I'm understanding that this is ultimately genetic warfare. One gene pool pursuing the destruction of another.
 Flight delayed. Blame the 
  Carbon is the second most element found in your body behind water. Could be about attachment to the flesh.
  of course you have fuse the fragments that we call religion today.
  when religion is used as it was intended such as the union of man and spirit proper evolution takes place.
  of course you're not the only one.
  I'm sure you'll get a good return on that.
  Sweet we'd love to have u back! Tell my friends what's up for me especially TP ha!
  are you doing well Ms DP?!
  I know it's your profession but you'd be aight... Or not.
  the mark of the beast is the physical body. 6 electrons 6 protons 6 neutrons 
  yeah man I have babies to raise. I got a lil break with this work trip tho. 
  it would be a nice science/social experiment.
  haha! aye them raisins are funny as hell.
 Where will attention go if the distractions stop. Some are scared of the silence and distractions are your meds.
   then before u become too scary lol.
 I know cats will think I'm crazy but a part of me wanted to see what would happen without one football or basketball season in the same year
 RT  i want to make sense of it all. (from cosmic to micro)
  where is he playing now?
 How else are we going to raise our energy above animal desires to our cosmic awareness? What are we here for, really?
  yeah I guess that could be misinterpreted lol. 
 We all know being healthy consist of more than food. Its incongruent when youre eating good but consuming other low vibrational content.
 RT  Being healthy isn't a task to be fulfilled. Its what you're supposed to be. It's your natural state of being. Anythin ...
  Thanks a mill! That looks pretty good too... *adds to itinerary*
  that girl was pressed to snag u down KC lol!!!
 Who's in Chi-town this evening?Recommend me a good and healthy place for a meal please!
 *Work-cation in progress*  Shouts to DFW...
  Man I'm stacking my per diem but we're def hitting SBG. Belee dat! 
  I've been cooking slim we got a full kitchen. We might hit that or papa deuxs tonight tho  
  u in the house right?
  aight I got that one. I'll call u in a lil bit.
  Nah I got it, does it matter which version?
  Peace Brother!
  lmao! I got u Son!
  aight I'll make a copy when I get home. I should be able to get it to u this weekend.
  yeah me lol
   Whats good Big Joe! I got that iPhone, hate the company but they have superior products.
  RT  Perhaps the greatest myth being purveyed, is that myths are just myths ~ Michael Tsarion
 RT  Geothermal energy is helping Kenya and can also help the entire planet - 
  I'm trying to fly u in out Rockville. Roster spot just opened up!
 
 RT  Hey maybe all sports can get locked out and more people will start paying attention to shit that's going on in the world...
 RT  Deep thinkers lead me to think all kinds of thinky-thought type things. Thinking is good. Do it. Then share.
 "There's no evidence that [...] is harmful to humans..." <-- About face when u hear that.
 Another reason not to get vaccinated -
 RT  If you would just take your time coming  up "LIKE THE SUN" your SHINE could illuminate the globe.. 
 RT   Under Federal Investigation For Cash Incentives Program for Roundup   RT  ~* aha!
 It's very humbling when u find out u really don't know shit.  Like finding out there's miles of glacier beyond the surface.
 Then you'll ask yourself the most important question... "What am I?" not "Who am I?"
 Sooner or later an event or thought will force you to reflect and challenge your whole paradigm of thinking on what u THOUGHT u knew.
 Everyone progresses at their individual speed. All you can do is be an example.
 RT  
 I dont anymore RT  I get so frustrated sometimes..... I am trying very hard to not BE irritated by low level thinkers.
 RT  You can't fake enlightenment. (Nor force it.)
  just as I suspected nothing to see here. Good look though.
  fill me in bro... Wtf is it?
  bless!
  RT  Find 100 things a day to be grateful for?
  do you have a link for us, good brother?
  RT  Researchers Develop Neural Prosthesis That Improves Memory in Rats 
  Peace Queen!
 RT  Western Medicine & the Scientific Viewpoint vs.Holistic Medicine & the Holistic Viewpoint 
 My mother used to say: "You got to get up pretty early in the morning to fool me..."
  Peace! I missed your msg, u know I wouldnt do u like that lol. Fam is great, baby is huge and growing fast!
  indeed. I say take from them all what works for you. 
 The english language is devoid of certain sound vibrations necessary to transform your awareness.
 RT  The King's English controls ya mind, soul and ya body. (if u knew how true this is...)
  got u!
  what's good lady! The little ones are doing great, growing fast. Yep I also have a 2 month old now...
  that funny 
 
 The other day someone was telling my son how respectful he was "your parents r doing a good job raising u!" He responds "no they're not."
  lmao. They need to study the science of breath, eat raw foods and brush their damn teeth!
 It's said that "the mind is king of the senses and the breath is the king of the mind..." -Iyengar
  peace.
 RT  Breathe!
 RT  I've come to realize that many of us don't want true power. They'll settle for an illusion of it.
 RT  RT  Disconnection, dysfunction + distraction. The environment is reflecting our condition. What ar ...
 My pops bought me an ultimate power juicer out of the blue. If he was trying to makeup for something he def succeeded.
 Rest In Power Jack LaLanne 
 I smh when it's said that people never change or "I'll never change..."
  no prob, let me know what u need I got u!
 It's very necessary to learn how to effect change at the atomic level to rid yourself of those bad habits.
 RT  Old habits return with a vengeance, as if they never left
 I've taken notice to the changes and it's lead me to learn and practice the art of inner alchemy. 
 RT  Things are changing rapidly. To ignore it, is to entertain extinction.
  much peace bro!
  thanks for love Ms Ryan!
  thank u Ms Berri!
  Peace. Your tweet reminded me of a book I just got. "DNA and the I Ching"
 RT  Photorealistic images of Planet Earth showing changes over the last 750 million years 
 "Don't Give Up" ~ Gil Scott Heron 
 RT  RT  Musik...can facilitate a transformation and heal. It's magik and divine...and deeply spiritual. It' ...
 "Work 4 Peace" ~ Gil Scott Heron 
  pffft
  nope :-p
 RT  The end of Pisces, the end of materialism, the beginning of a true Aquarian consciousness.. ushered in by the iconoclast
  Hey! I've been raising my two boys, what's good with u?
  Still. They supposed to tell us about our check today. That's if they not trying to fix it.
  yeah I'm trying to get this rental early.
  there u go 
  nah but u need a crash course lol.
  twitter for you phone is your best bet. I can't remember how from the web. U might need cliff notes twit addition
  U gotta get that egg off your avi B! You're goosing over there!
  that's newest kweli. The main purpose is for my 100 PDFs, or at least that's what I told myself. Lol
  what talib, gutter rainbows? And yep I had to fly that "e-reader" in.
  Mane! Finally said eff it huh? Lmao
  Seek and you shall find it within.
  Peace to THAT.
   I send you all PEACE.
  haha! Don't get all Joe Pesci but I'm certainly amused. Lmaoo
 "Why don't I stretch out..."
 This cat  treats timelines like Rick James treats couches.
  Ha! Maybe next summer but I'm back on the field tho. Everything good over there?
  Slum dude what's up bro!
 RT  Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up” Picasso - Happie Art by Reggie F ...
  but its hard to stand by and watch adults be mules in oblivion RT     to raise that bar
  Bro I try to think hard on what will change us, it's either a reflection of Self or the threat of demise.
 RT  More US Doctors Prescribing Yoga, Meditation 
  much love to u and yours!
  it's partly illegal because of it's spiritual qualities I'm my opinion.
  peace! Everything is wonderful I'm beaming with pride over here. A lil sleepless but loving their company.
  oh it must be a good read then, the reviews seem solid too.
 It's a shame that collectively we're waiting until we're on the precipice of destruction to change fundamentally.
  thanks, I'll be adding that to the library asap.
 RT  Wednesday read. Power Up Your Brain: The Neuroscience of enlightenment. By David Perlmutter M.D and Alberto Villoldo Ph.D
 "This series has been brought to you by Swiffer..."
 A Nobel prize is in order for the maker of Gripe Water.
 I hope the lakers win the next three.... Get your tap shoes on and entertain me!
 Trust I'm moving ever closer to that unshakable knowing.
 I know I've been tweetless in Seattle lately, lots of change, peaks and valleys...
  Thanks for the Love!
  appreciate it fam.
  LoL. Getting adjusted with my newborn, they say parenthood doesn't start until your 2nd child.
 He's my Hadron Collider, smashing all atoms in his vicinity just to see what happens.
  Hahaha yeah thats him.
 Have to take the time out to wish my young prince a Happy Born Day! 3 Strong!
 RT  ...who are u listening to these days that we won't hear on the radio or catch on 106th & Park?  [  ]
  Peace lady!
  ASHLEY!!!! How u been?!!
 If you haven't realized this yet practice regular communion with silence, maybe with a mantra.
 YOU are the savior you've been searching for.
 RT  It Feels WonderFUL to Be Home... I AM ThankFUL... (That Iz ALL) [All praises to the Creator]
  religion will be around, hopefully its practitioners will grow to understand they all point to the same internal Truth.
 Be Still
  thanks Kelly, much love!
   thanks, definitely appreciate the good vibes!
  he'll be 3 on may 5th.
  sure is
  yep
  yes sir, number 2
  thanks for the love, much love in return.
  thanks bro, much peace indeed.
 I'm exhausted from just being a witness.
  thanks, I'll have to bring him by for a visit
 Shout out to all the Queens who endured the creative process of the Almighty.
 Holding 9 lbs of  in my arms.
  - Talib Kweli 
  thanks homie. We still need to get up for the kids play date too. When's the next time u got your daughter?
   what's good. Let me know the details if I ain't too late.
  actually I was referring to your post. Def dig the mind food you're serving up over there.
  word on the street is you're too arrogant to care what I think. Ha!
  Peace, glad to see u made it to the blogosphere lol 
 Good idea RT  SuperMoon Meditation ♥ 
 Space and nature is like looking into the mirror of Self.
 Always take time to reflect and vibe with nature. It's a constant reminder of supreme intelligence delicately balanced with beauty.
  nice to see u on my timeline. Peace to the DOC.
 RT  Moonshine
 RT  make sure you look at the moon tonight. it's the biggest it's been in almost 20 years.
 Full Mūn...
  Peace and blessings!
  I did but I haven't done much lately, what's up?
  what's good homie, how u been?
  "standard, cliche, monkey..."  harsh but true
  You're right, but the planning element is difficult being across the wire, its hard to be open and detailed.
  It would be nice if we had think tanks with elders and youth who had influence in certain areas.
  on another note, one reason why "they" always stay ahead is because they've planned 30 yrs and beyond via think tanks.
  Not much new but I know its imperative to realize our spiritual potential to draw inspiration from our divine Self.
  I think about those questions u asked a while back almost everyday...
  besides dealing w/ office politics, I'm doing great continuously learning.
  Peace Queen, how are u?
 RT  When it's all said & done; what did you live your life for? What difference did you make?
  lol I'd rather exercise my miranda rights and remain silent...
  RT  I'm gonna chill out on here. I'm only gonna talk about sports and music from now on.
 RT  You don't need belief you need knowledge (of Self)
  Whats up Britt! Im doing great how are u?
 If you think I'm wearing a tin foil hat you might be wearing a dunce cap.
 Is it a coincidence that in the midst of rising food prices they pass a bill making it illegal to grow your own food??
 Wall Streets role in  protest    
 RT  STOP RUNNING FROM & IGNORING TRUTH
 Global Food Crisis - USDA funds Domino's Pizza while riots break out worldwide  via 
 “Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing ever happened.”
 ------->  Repeat after Me: my signature IS MY MONEY.
 RT  Repeat after Me: Debt is Fraudulent. Why? Because Greenbax are not money. So how can I pay it?
 Peace to the queen! ->    
 RT  To know that I chose to be here during this time to help humanity by any means necessary, diminishes any complaint I may ...
 -> Remember ONLY Your "perception" iz Linear... True Reality of Divine Manifestation IZ NOT... - Thoth  
 -> YES SIR. RT  My perception of who I am doesn't always match up with the way I am perceived and that's okay.
  Bet! I'm gonna look that up asap.
  lmaoooooooo
  oh lord 
  Haha well you're better off then most folks, I know you'll be alright. Enjoy your solitude while it lasts! *wife over shoulder*
  Hope it wasn't the stand up one lol!
  guess Im a lil different, I spend all day making cd mixes n playlists. But yeah the iphone will tighten u up good
   Well theres learning for school and for Self, the latter brings peace in solitude.  But I know the maternal pangs hittin u
  Dont worry, focus on refining yourself and before u know it you'll have someone to distract u :-)
  Something tells me sacred geometry would be something thats understood across galaxies.
  Hahaha Im messing wit u, I know u showed em how we do it up here.
  aww man I hate that situation.... but burn everything on blanks!
  I feel that, follow your heart and discover your Truth.  I thought u turned country girl for life lol.
  Yeah I have it audiobook and listen every few months for his insights on awakening and the characteristics of ego.
  lmao u silly! Will u be coming back 4 good or vacation?
  Better get your mp3 game up! Mine go straight to the hard drive homie.
  What up Dana! Yeah its kinda hilarious, I got my own family now lol.... Been learning and chilling. How are you?
 RT  Reading "The Power of Now" by Eckhart Tolle. It's so good! Thanks  (Check "A New Earth" Also!)
 For those stormy times the science of breath is necessary. 
  RT  A picture of my internal mood at this moment: 
  yo I'm not on facebook, I need that photo!!
 RT  RT  Experience will show you, a Master can only point the way. ~ Egyptian 
 !!! RT  u gonna keep studying the "leaf" & not the ROOT?
 RT  LISTEN w/you INNER ear, not just the outer
 Not sure but turning the TV OFF is def in the equation. 
 RT  With all that's going on in  I've been asking myslef "What is it going to take to get US citizens riled up?"
  Damn son, that was harsh lmao!
  Peace, do you recommend a certain publisher for Strong's or will any do?
  DM
  lmao! I heard it in a british voice.
 I love Bit-Torrent, not for free music or movies either. You may want to learn about this...
  You know I had to search more on that... Found a conference of speakers that go into major detail.
  correction: WE are the wave.
 RT  Do you ride the wave or generate the wave? (I am the wave)
  Thats whats up, whats the mileage?
   haha! Now that made me laugh out loud 
  Haha!
  Yo, I would love to be able to run a marathon. I've always thought about that, what marathon is it?
 The science and research of being psychic...   
 I was amazed when I stumbled on an interview of the actual person who did remote viewing (psychic) research 4 the CIA.
  I plan on being active for life.
  Sort of, I play bball and football for fun but broke my leg in August. Haven't been able to run until now.
 That movie was supposed to be a comedy but I didn't laugh once because I knew it was filled with truth.  I was very intrigued.
 That avatar reminds me of the movie "Men Who Stare At Goats" with Clooney. 
 RT  senses attuned no need to be senseless, in tune
 Just came in from a couple hours of running. You have no idea how thankful I am to be able to say that, damn the temperature.
  Yeah we're expecting another boy by the end of March.  Dont forget, everyday you're here is major!
   Genny B! I'm chlling raising my chillren lol. How you doing?
 I am, therefore I think.
  aye bro I owe u. I'll elaborate soon enough, going to the archives.
  Trying to balance new equations that I know fit together universally.
  Peace big homie, what's good?
 RT  Synchronicity (gotta love it)
  Son i thought about that shit after u got your first promo. Believe dat... Aye is your laptop still janky?
  you WILL coach in the league. I always thought that homie
  man I'm nothing but thankful I can finally run again. And I'm lookin forward to seeing my man coach in the league!
  hahaaaaa! My man.
 One thing I KNOW without a single doubt is that we're more than skin and bones.
  I'm on your frequency
 RT  Not only do we need more love, but we need more patience and mercy with people who are unable to see or unwilling to see.
 Peace to this RT  If you haven't realized by now that we all need each other, I will say an extra prayer for you and yours.
 For those who forget... Pyramids are still standing from a means we can't comprehend. What the f--- do I really know???
 One thing I know without a doubt is I don't know much. I remain humble while I'm being filled up with cosmic consciousness.
 I'm all about growth and evolution. When your paradigm is overturned you have assess what u thought u knew.
 I know I haven't been tweetin much, but sometimes the best thing is to just learn and shut up until u overstand.
 I learn from and appreciate everyone of you.
 If you can read this I have the utmost Love for you. My word is bond.
  ahh the teenage years, where every adult irks u because u know more than they do lol.
  how are u and the fam?
 Everything's great including my family, just dealing with a lil freezing rain in the nations cap.
  Haha! The funniest is the dance before the fall.
  morning!
 I'm starting the habit of writing down my dreams as soon as I awake.
 I had one of those nights where I'm not sure I even slept. Not quite lucid dreaming but I woke up frequently between segments.
 RT  Fear is always a larger monster in our mind, than it is in our reality
 RT  We talk a lot about Malcolm X and Martin Luther King Jr, but it’s time to be like them, as strong as them.
 RT  Whoever the chairman of the Federal Reserve is > whoever the US President is.
 I see its no use to press ON button on my TV yet.
 They actually use chicken? RT  What's in the Non-Chicken Half of the McNugget? 
 RT  For example.. All of this research we do.. Doesn't it feel as if you knew this stuff already? Like, in past lifetime.. ...
 When you get exposed to info that shifts your whole paradigm it sends your mind racing through endless possibilities which hadn't occurred.
 I've been trying to balance acquiring new knowledge with silence of the mind.
  I've come to understand that the answer is buried in a silent mind.
  Much Peace on your born day King! Thank you and the fam for providing a venue for expressing HIGH vibrations.
 RT  Its my big brother Truth birthday today! Be sure to wish  a happy born day! He is helping reestablish  ...
  Thank you for that message, I'm a Leo.
  RT  Science, theology, and philosophy, having no desire to join forces, are approaching a point of merger.
 RT  Shout Out & MUCH LOVE to ALL Those on the PATH to BE Who They Truly & Divinely ARE!!! ASHE!!! Blessings & Mad REspect!!!
  Prayer sent.
 RT  Calculating nonsense. 
 RT  RT  The purpose of life becomes apparent when a life of purpose becomes a priority. 
 RT  If the body is constantly growing and needing to be groomed, only a fool would neglect to do the same to the mind whi ...
  peace King! How's that knee feeling.
  I agree, which is why it shouldn't be unfathomable that we can create a better one.
 RT  in the 3rd trimester of a Dream...
  I have the 8th blacks law, if u have a better one send it please.
  send em my way!
 RT  The body is connected by sensory perception to a field of energy that enfolds the information we attribute to  ...
  u know i wanna hear those "transisitions" , looking forward to that new new lol
  I'm great bro, constantly learning while I'm preparing for my next seed. What's good?
  Peace fam, I'll be tuning in!
  I'd appreciate it, I got my wife interested so whatever it takes I'll get the materials.
  strong's concordance and commercial code.
  I'm GREAT. About to purchase some reference materials after saving up a bit lol.
  peace Queen!
 RT  To be domesticated means you leave politics and economics to Govcorp while u concern urself with trivialities.
 How are we going to heal this virus that has man kind sickened and self-destructive?
 There's going to be a new world order, it has to be, but are we gonna let "them" author it?
 They want to splice the genes of our crops, poison our water, keep us at the mercy of black gold barons. I know there's another way.
 We have the ability to create and sustain our lives naturally, the way the Creator intended. Are we willing to?
 My intent is to become less reliant on a system I didn't create for survival.
 RT  So the bulk of the US water supply is basically poisoned? Oh. 
 RT  What if the news was just a distraction from the real news (
 Do you know the type of technology they've been hiding?  Scarcity is and always has been a myth!! An artificially created reality.
  peace bro! I do now, thanks for the referral.
  the ego is dead when u no longer experience separateness, in my opinion.
  yes very true. I was speakin of personally experiencing the transcendent, oneness, becoming self-realized. Being re-born
  when we come here our level of consciousness is alteady determined. By what I don't know but it leads me to think reincarnation
  not sure, the sacred books (Quran) says there is only one death. I would think that means ego death.
  what leads u to think they don't believe? I don't know if they do or don't myself.
 RT  RT  Best way to hide something is to put it in the open.
  peace to u!
 I've had enough of fear.
 It's funny how some of the conspiracy documentaries associate universal symbols with evil like the devil franchised sacred geometry.
 Exploring fundamental principles of spirit & matter, understanding the correlation between symbols and their mathematical meaning.
 My whole view of reality has and is continuing to go through an enormous shift.
 RT  Been watching ILL documentaries. Its incredible how much is out there that I didn't even know existed. Couldn't have  ...
 Back like I left something...
  peace and thank u.
 RT   To Nia, which is faith. And the people  that trust in them Selves more than a system of liars.
  happy new year bro!
  meditation on deck.
 It's good to get outta the city when u can, I finally have a view of the night sky with more than 5 stars.
 Happy singularity! 
 RT  Qadir: "Mommy my seatbelts talking.." mom: "umm what's it saying?" Q: "buckle up!" lmao. 
  Peace Queen, I needed the vibes while I'm on lunch.
 Right now  is offering wisdom on how you interface with reality. Don't have to take her word but contemplate that option.
 *Fans flames* RT  *Brain on Fire*...can't wait to complete this lecture
  I feel u but it seems like it's too much underwhelming chatter, I welcome thoughts from a higher perspective.
  why apologize for being you?
  Ok yall can ride with me, its in waldorf.
  What u doing on Saturday at 12? Rashads son is having his b day party at chucke cheese
 RT  RT  If you r not alarmed by what is going on check your pulse & plz learn to think beyond your piece of ...
  If u think u have a virus u def have one lol. Let me know or bring it on Sunday if you're gonna be on this side of town.
  To receive and reflect positive vibes.
  nope, u dont have no innanet!? smh
  lmaooo u better off going to letmewatchthis dot com
  Go to profile and edit profile
  No comprende?
  lmao.... We poppin tags lol!
  The human family = Tree. Branches = Races, Sects, Genders.
 I just got an email that says I've been selected for a cash prize of 950k Pounds.  
 "Big Egos" - Dr. Dre 
