  Beautiful!
 Check out this Meetup with Sterling Hypnosis and NLP Group 
 “If you stay ready, you ain't gotta get ready.” ~ Will Smith, English Writer
 Beads of Light 
 “Our doubts are traitors, And make us lose the good we oft might win, By fearing to attempt.” ~ William Shakespeare
 “Perfection of character is this: to live each day as if it were your last, w/out frenzy, w/out apathy, w/out pretense.” ~ Marcus Aurelius
 “Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration.” ~ Thomas Edison
 “You cannot create experience. You must undergo it.” ~ Albert Camus
 Day 8: Anniversary Flora 
 Sunset 
 Abstract  
 Hirshhorn Flora 
 Lansdowne Flora 
 RT  You see, in life, lots of people know what to do, but few people actually do what they know. ~ Tony Robbins  ...
 “We can't think narrowly. We have to think in the biggest possible way.” ~ Alice Waters
 Day 5: Time Escapes Me 
 “If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished?” ~ Rumi
 “If you want to achieve widespread impact and lasting value, be bold.” ~ Howard Schultz
 Vertical Blinds 
 Slices of Light 
 Flower in the Lobby 
 Green Shutter 
 Green Door 
 Garden Shed 
 Thread of Color 
 Pocket of Pattern 
 Red Door 
 Fun With Fabric 
 Box of Stuff 
 Sparkly Clean 
  Same to you.
 RT  To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have. ~Ken S. Keyes, Jr.
 “When you stop taking chances...You'll stay where you sit...You won't live any longer...But it'll feel like it” ~ Bono
 Matt Cutts: Try something new for the next 30 days. | 
 Richard Hammond: Building a Park in the Sky | 
 RT  Negative people will always try to drag you down to their level. Love 'em but rise above 'em!
 “Do or do not, there is no try.” ~ Yoda, Jedi Master from the film Star Wars
 Happy 4th of July!
 “I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection." ~ Thomas Paine
 "Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds." ~ Albert Einstein
 RT  The purpose of our lives is to give birth to the best which is within us. -Marianne Williamson
 RT  He who fears something gives it power over him. -Moorish proverb
 RT  “We cannot do great things on this Earth, only small things with great love.”  -Mother Teresa
 RT  It Is Our Own Individual Pattern Of Thought That Allows Us To See When Each & Every Door Opens For Us
  This is one of my favorite quotes. Thanks for sharing.
 “Add energy, inspire hope, and blow the coals into a useful flame.” ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
 RT  Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, & paints his own nature into his pictures. -Henry Ward Beecher
 “One is responsible for one's own life. Passivity provides no protection.” ~ Madeleine Kunin
 “Dare to be yourself.” ~ André Gide
 2 have the best year of your life, all you have 2 do is commit, right now, 2 the intent 2 create & experience your best year. ~ Debbie Ford
 “Do what you can to do what you ought, and leave hoping and fearing alone." ~ Thomas Henry Huxley
 “Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.” ~ Dr. Seuss
 RT  A life lived of choice is a life of conscious action. A life lived of chance is a life of unconscious creation. Neal ...
 RT  "The obscure we eventually see. The completely obvious, it seems, takes longer." - Edward R. Murrow
 RT  The quality of your thoughts dictates the quality of your life. It’s that simple.
  a diamond
 RT  "Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times." ~ Aeschylus
 RT  To leave your mark in the world, you will have to stand someplace you’ve never been willing to stand before.
 RT  Your feelings are what you want them to be. You, and you alone, decide what anything means to you.
 RT  Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions. - Albert Einstein
 RT  The more things are forbidden, the more popular they become - Mark Twain
 RT  Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. Leo Tolstoy
 RT  “Growth, in some curious way, I suspect, depends on being always in motion just a little bit, one way or another.”  ...
 RT  After all, it's what we've done that makes us what we are. - Jim Croce
 RT  RT  A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. Nelson Mandela
 RT  I find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success. ~ Thomas Edison
 RT  You are never who you were in the last moment. You are continually creating yourself from the field of infinite possi ...
 RT  When we make the choice to look for what’s right, a whole new reality emerges.
 “Work is love made visible." ~ Kahlil Gibran
 "The secret of happiness,is not found in seeking more, but in developing the capacity to enjoy less." ~ Socrates
 "There is perfection in everything. Strive to see the perfection. Need nothing. Desire everything. Choose what shows up." ~ Neale D Walsch
 "When we make a commitment 2 living in service of the greater whole, we commit 2 living a life filled w/ joy & gratitude." ~ Debbie Ford
 RT  If we don’t start treating ourselves with the love & attention we need, we will continue to be our own worst enemies.
 RT  Open your mind, allow your feelings to be expressed. Your heart will be a free-flowing channel of the life energy in  ...
 RT  Affirm: I am my own best friend.
 RT  You do ill if you praise, but worse if you censure, what you do not understand. ~ Da Vinci 
 RT  To succeed you must be self disciplined. This simply means choosing to do what you should do, not what you want to do.
 ‎"You cannot learn other people's lessons for them. They must do the work themselves, and they'll do it when they're ready." ~ Louise L. Hay
 “Today is a new day. You will get out of it just what you put into it.” ~ Mary Pickford
 RT  Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun.Charles R. Swindoll
 RT  Willpower is the power to take action while the mind searches for excuses. SELF-DISCIPLINE affirmations  ...
 RT  "Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." — Oscar Wilde
 RT  Success is going from failure to failure without a loss of enthusiam.Winston Churchill
 RT  A woman is like a tea bag: you cannot tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water. -Nancy Reagan
 RT  You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing. -Dale Carnegie
 RT  Begin each day with an intention to seek what you want to create then you create an energy of attention that will inspi ...
 RT  By clinging to your resentments, you rob yourself of your power, peace of mind, & your ability to create yourself anew.
 RT  Seek not to be the recipient of anything but to be the source. That which you wish to have, cause another to have.
 RT  All works of love are works of peace. ~ Mother Theresa
 RT  "Joy is not in things; it is in us." Richard Wagner
 RT  "I figure all any kid needs is hope and the feeling he or she belongs." - Elvis Presley
  So True!
 “In every life we have some trouble, but when you worry you make it double. Don't worry. Be happy." ~ Bobby McFerrin
 RT  A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success. ~ Elber ...
 “What does not destroy me, makes me stronger.” ~ Friedrich Nietzsche
 RT  Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. -John Wooden
 RT  “Despair is anger with no place to go.” ~ Mignon McLaughlin
 RT  When you change your perception, you change your thought, and your thought creates your reality.
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "+1 or -1?" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Consistency on the Fundamentals" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Blissipline" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Follow Your Bliss (& Your Grunt)" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Your Angel’s Advocate" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video "The Tolle Trap" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video title "Comfort, Stretch & Snap Zones" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Rubber Bands & Your Ideals" by   <--Watch it!
 “Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning." ~ Bill Gates
 “Lay hold of today's task and you will not depend so much upon tomorrow's." ~ Lucius Annaeus Seneca
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Da Vinci & 100 Questions" by   <--Watch it!
 RT  The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams -Eleanor Roosevelt
 RT  Too many times we speak negative things into existence.
 "Never lose your childish innocence. It's the most important thing." ~ Katherine from the film Under the Tuscan Sun
 "Regrets are a waste of time. They're the past crippling you in the present." ~ Katherine from the film Under the Tuscan Sun
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Bling vs. Being Goals" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "110-Year-Old You" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "How’s Your Genius?" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "10 Power Questions" by   <--Watch it!
 “Life is an adventure, dare it.” ~ Mother Teresa
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "The Ultimate End" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Deepak & Dharma" by   <--Watch it!
 “Worry about being better; bigger will take care of itself.” ~ Gary Comer
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Soul Oxygen" by   <--Watch it!
 "Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second." ~ William James
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video tited "Write Your Own Story" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Highest Goals & Holy Grails" by   <--Watch it!
 “The next best thing to being wise oneself is to live in a circle of those who are.” ~ C.S. Lewis
 RT  Art is a marriage of the conscious and the unconscious. ~ Jean Cocteau
 “Were there none who were discontented with what they have, the world would never reach for anything better.” ~ Florence Nightingale
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Sizes: You vs. Your Problems" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Maseratis & Blind Doods" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Acceptance & Scripting" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Loving What Is" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Thought & Behavior Poisoning" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Concrete Gardens" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Goodness Gardens" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Thought Tools" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "The Equanimity Game" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Response-Ability" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Victim vs. Creator" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "The 3 Ps of Optimism" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Optimism Gym" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Crazy Little Drunk Monkeys & ANTs" by   <--Watch it!
 RT  A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song. ~Maya Angelou
 RT  Your body is the harp of your soul and it is yours to bring forth sweet music from it or confused sounds. ~Khalil Gibran
 RT  He who carefully considers Reality, and keeps it in his heart, will enjoy eternal bliss, and gain freedom from all sorrow ...
 RT  There are no mistakes in life, just lessons.
 RT  The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
 RT  Let us love the world to peace. Eileen Elias Freeman
 RT  There is never a time & place when we are powerless. There are merely times we forget who we truly are. Doreen Virtue
  So true!
 RT  If all you are doing is following someone else's rules, then you have not grown, you have obeyed.
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Helplessness & Optimism" by  |  | Love this!
 RT  “Never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it.” ~ Author U ...
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "The 10 Principles of Optimal Living" by  |  <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Bling Treadmill" by  |  <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video "Your  by  |  | Two GREAT questions to ask yourself!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Spiritual Farts" by   <--Watch it!
 “Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart...” ~ Paul the Apostle
 RT  There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. -Maya Angelou
 RT  Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you'll never, ever ...
 RT  One who fears failure limits his activities. Failure is only the opportunity to more intelligently begin again. Henry ...
 RT  Those who stand for nothing fall for anything. -Alexander Hamilton
 “It's not enough what I did in the past - there is also the future.” ~ Rita Levi-Montalcini
 “Cowards die many times before their deaths; the valiant never taste of death but once.” ~ William Shakespeare
 "It was character that got us out of bed, commitment that moved us into action, & discipline that enabled us 2 follow through." ~Zig Ziglar
 “A road well begun is the battle half won. The important thing is to make a beginning and get under way.” ~ Soren Kierkegaard
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "The Practice of Happiness" by   <--Watch it!
 “Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing.” ~ Albert Schweitzer
  My pleasure. Thanks for providing content that inspires me to live life with greater passion and purpose.
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "Happiness = Virtues in Action" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "The Integrity Gap" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "There Are No Secrets" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "A Lover of Wisdom" by   <--Watch it!
 Watching a PhilosophersNotes video titled "110-Year Old You" by   <--Watch it!
 watching a PhilosophersNotes video by   <--Watch it!
 “Don't wait for, expect, or rely on favors. Count on earning them by hard work and perseverance." ~ Marian Wright Edelman
 RT  The moment is sanctified by the quality of our attention. ~ Zen Moments
 RT  “Say good things to everyone. Treat everyone with total respect, and it will all come back.” by Bob Proctor
 RT  "You are what you think about all day long." - Robert Schuller
 “The first rule is 2 keep an untroubled spirit. The second is 2 look things in the face & know them 4 what they are.” ~ Marcus Aurelius
 RT  "Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds"
 RT  "Following your passion is the best way to lead a fruitful life."Jeffrey Benjamin
 RT  Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. - Robert Louis Stevenson.  ...
 RT  Do a little more than you're paid to. Give a little more than you have to. Try a little harder than you want to. -Art ...
 RT  You don't win once in a while, you don't do things right once in a while, you do them right all the time. Winning is h ...
  Love this! I have been on the Paleo Diet for several months - lean meat, poultry, fish, veggies & fruit. I feel great!
 The Single Greatest Power To Change Your Life...Choice 
 RT  Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are. - Bernice Joh ...
 Great stuff! Affirm Your Life: The 9 Laws of Creating Perfect Affirmations 
  Thanks for the mention. Love your site!
 Great article on what it takes to be a great photographer.  via 
 "Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." ~ Henry David Thoreau
 Beautiful! Turning Nature’s Pages  via 
 “Life is too short to be little.” ~ Benjamin Disraeli
 RT  Due to the fundamental interconnectedness that lies at the heart of reality, your interest is also my interest.
 RT  Thunder is good, thunder is impressive; but it is lightning that does all the work ~ Mark Twain
 RT  Today I celebrate life because ________ [fill in the blank] ________.
 “Let us endeavor so to live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.” ~ Mark Twain
 “Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together." ~ Vincent van Gogh
