 Tom Coburn’s cuts: Military’s Tricare Prime health care program targeted   
    I know Dave has already seen it, hear is my prediction I made on 11th 
    I still think my August 5th date for a deal is on track.
     After my finish last yr, I am in no position to comment.
   should be too hard to track, we really didn't have that many trades, did we?
   on nondrafted free agent pickups? They should cost a final rd pick. Trades should cost the original rd +1
  thank you for the RT!
 Have a blog & talkin about military pay during the debt crisis? I hope you use this resource as a ref. Thank you. :)  
 Mmm, not just salad, Killer Salad! 
 Thks Donna, this is cool :) RT  The Donna Fontenot Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via 
 RT  Confirmed. The Navy has reopened POM 13 with instructions to cut an additional $15 billion. Bye Bye something big.
 Did you know the  Operations Specialist rating was established in 1971? 
 Re-enter The DF-21D ASBM   
     Will the strike end this wk? I'm ready for some football!!  We have all  teams back?
  Roger that :)
  No problem, sorry for the delay, whats the word?
 EagleSpeak: Somali Pirates Bothering Scientific Research   
 "I am your eyes"  Telling the U.S. military story: Hero  
 Starting in 2 minutes "Episode 80 Unbroken  Unforgotten" hosted by Midrats on   
 Defense.gov News Article: Medal of Honor Recipient Joins Fellow Heroes in ‘Hall’: 
 New Mississippi Gun Law Hits Snag, MS Dept of Public Safety, charged with enforcing it apparently won't recognize it 
 July 11, 1914, Babe Ruth picked up his first major league victory as a pitcher for the Boston Red Sox.
 Very cool. EXCLUSIVE: Mila Kunis Says She'll Accompany U.S. Marine to Corps Ball - FoxNews.com  via  
 RT  Deanie and I will host SFC Leroy Petry and his family for dinner tonight before he is presented the Medal of Honor t ...
  And I replied! I didn't go one sided politics in the post, nor in my comment. Just callin it like I see it.
 I'm just a little bit cynical this morning 
 Starting in 4 minutes "Episode 79 The General Board" hosted by Midrats on   
  I worked downtown Boston during construction - rarely the same roads open 2 days in a row. It was a nightmare!
 Chief’s ‘spot checks’ go beyond polite visits - Navy News | News from Afghanistan & Iraq - Navy Times 
 RT  To my Boston peeps. It appears Big Dig has same galvanic corrosion problem LCS-2 has.  
 Read it, watch it, share it, and give if you can.   
 U.S. Submarine - From the Outfielders 
 RT  Congratulations RDML (sel) Ponds!!     
 EagleSpeak: Old Navigator Pron:  Star Identification 
 RT  Danger Room: Plenty of Blame to Go Around for ‘Disintegrating’ Warship: USS Independence. 
  No, that would be redundant. :)
 Did you know the Water Tender rating spawned the Navy Utilitiesman rating in 1948?  
  An Apple a day keeps the Netfilx away... OK, that was bad, I apologize.
  Operation Thunderbolt - July 4, 1976 
 RT  We are only 6% of the way to our goal Celebrate YOUR independence by helping those wounded defending it 
 Did you know the Navy started officially recognizing enlisted jobs as ratings back in 1797? 
  aye :)
 Now, this is how NRD Web Sites should look - 
 RT  Some serious Royal Navy heroism saved 13 from MT Pavit before it sank in rough seas 
    Aye, please be safe this weekend! And try and stay cool, Ben :)
   Al Bundy used to pull up a lawn chair at the meat section of the local grocery when his A/C went out.
 Donate to  Project  and make some real noise this holiday weekend!  
  ouch.
  Help our Wounded Warriors who may have lost their hands.  
 Superliminal message, GIVE to    
 I thought it was an NMCI story, I was wrong. :) rt  Network ensures troops do not spread disease 
 RT  List of  Events for Thursday June 30th         ...
 Did you know the Navy Electrician rating was established all the way back  in 1883? 
 Did you know the Navy Gunner's Mate rating was one of the first original, official Navy ratings?  
 Did you know the Navy Hospital Corpsman rating's roots can be tracked all the way back to 1838? 
  HOWDY!! :)
 RT  A New Link In An Old Post 
 New PDF version of 2012 pay chart is available, now. (PDF icon in sidebar) 
 RT  
 RT  RT  When's ur next family get-together? Check out how Navy does it on deployment:    ...
 RT  I support President's decisions on Afghanistan transition. Responsible approach that gives commanders time and flexib ...
 FID and JFK in Philly, shadows of their former selves.  
 For those of you moving back to NRD New England - Housing deals! 
 Senate Committee on Armed Services, unanimously authorized a 1.6 percent across-the-board military pay raise for 2012 
 RT  There never was an anti-war movement 
 RT  Congratulations to FORCM(AW) Chris T. Wheeler for your appointment as the Navy Reserve's 14th Force Master Chief... ht ...
 RT  From  'I could not be more pleased that Adm. Jon Greenert has been nominated to be the 30th Chief of Nav ...
 RT  To learn more about the campaign in Burma during World War II for which Alison was a principal architect and... http ...
 RT  White House defends legality of Libya ops 
  Here are a couple out of the box austerity suggestions for our military-eliminate E-2&E-8,etc. 
 RT  This bounty hunter idiot searching for Bin Ladens body is more likely to get hijacked by Somali pirates than find his treasure
  BIGASS CAKE!!!
   A marriage made in...
 RT  Facebook Loses 6 Million U.S. Users  ---> 
   Well, now that the union is gone, maybe teams can now dump non-performers at a more torrid pace. Win-win.
   using that logic, I can name a ton of players that owe a bunch of money back to their teams.
   If the CBA would continue as before, the players should have to spend a % of their own money to build stadiums.
  We have no disagreement with your final thought in that tweet. :)
   You say opted out, I say the CBA expired.
  Oh, like there isn't any DB players...
   I side with the owners since the players have shut down the union in an attempt to manipulate the courts.
 I wonder if the  players get less sympathy now because more people are now  team owners...
     My team is prepared to use Scabs if the regular ones don't show up. 
 RT  RT  I don't know who won this thing tonight but I do know I hate  more than I did yesterday.  ...
 Starting in 2 minutes "Episode 75 From NATO  Russia with questions" hosted by Midrats on   
 :)  Greta Sends a Giggle 
 Interesting stuff. Conditions for joining French Foreign Legion 
 RT  When someone tells you "it can't be done", it's more a reflection of their limitations, not yours. 
 German union conducting warning strikes at U.S. bases - Germany - Stripes: 
 My follow button is acting up. I must be having a FireFox moment....
 RT   a Software Engineer - C, C++ in East Brunswick, NJ: 	  .
 Done! RT  Pls vote 4  & Ashley in their FaceBook contest to win a dream wedding! Please RT! 
  thanks for the RT!
 Enjoy! RT  I am having the MOST delicious omlette at the 3A Cafe 295 Court St in  MA. Good food. Fun waitress.
 Cutting the DoD budget: eliminate E-2, phase out E-8 - eliminate T/A - charge for base stickers, and more 
 RT     The CNO's speech on Social Media is simply brilliant.
 RT  Somewhere James Carville is saying, "Thank God Bill never had a cell phone with a camera."
 Cutting the DoD Budget, Military Austerity Suggestions  
 National Guard responds to disasters 
 Toward a New Maritime Strategy  
  Sunday Funnies 
 RT  Oh my God, I had never seen this "Jack Sparrow" video by Lonely Island featuring Michael Bolton -  ...
 Netflix sharing will be a crime in TN 
  While u'r there, fix the Internet connection spd in the barracks! Has 2 b difficult 2 maintain a 21st cent Sailor lifestyle there!
 RT  Press: Twitter fans, follow us 
 EagleSpeak: Anti-Pirate Proof of Concept? U.S. Navy Riverine Forces Take to the Sea 
 I've just voted for Murray to win the  People's Choice Award worth 10k!   :)
 Im a member, U should be 2 RT  Press: New Fall Catalog is now available. Check out our upcoming titles! 
 RT  New All Hands Magazine is out:  It's not just cool - it's ICE cool. Some great pix in there (what's new).
 Congrats!! FY-12 Active Navy Senior Chief Results 
 RT  Do you live near  MD?  Come show your support to families of fallen soldiers this Sunday!  Read how here- ht ...
 RT  RT  U.S. Lawmakers Debate 30-Year Shipbuilding Plan 
  Get in touch with your inner Nuke, it will be a breeze. :)
 Study Says Cellphones as Risky as Drinking Coffee - Yahoo! News 
 Enchantment by  
 RT  'KKK' confronts Westboro protesters. 
 RT  Have an Honorable Memorial Day -    
 Navy too politically correct for 'old salts' - Washington Times 
 "I am your eyes"  Telling the U.S. military story: Satisfaction 
 RT  I CHANGED MY TWITTER NAME! I was  but now I'm  PLS RT?
 Navy Names Next Aircraft Carrier USS John F. Kennedy 
 RT  Putting your flag on display this  ~ honor them correctly:   Star-Spangled Manners. :)
 RT  Attn Taliban:  Who you callin' Freak Show? . ...
 RT  At his own request--Blue Angels "Boss" Relieved 
 RT  DoDLive Bloggers Roundtable: Developments in Iraq 
 RT   go back to school to teach the  a lesson    
 Grandpa's Lead | U.S. Naval Institute at 
  Thank you!
 RT  Passed: S.Con.Res. 13: A concurrent resolution honoring the service and sacrifice of members of the United State... htt ...
   OMG is right! I do think they will get something inked before it affects the regular season though 
  And now...so do I.
  Sir, possible to get this vid on Youtube so I can embed it on my site? 
 Obama issues veto threat for House defense bill - Navy News | News from Afghanistan & Iraq - Navy Times 
 EagleSpeak: Western "Weather Machines" "Stealing" Iranian Rain... 
 Missouri National Guard Responding to Joplin Tornado - Yahoo! News 
 Listen to the CINC - or look at the numbers 
 Memorial Day, What does it mean to you?  
 Active Navy E-6 results 
 RT  USNI Blog: We did that already.  
 Putting your best foot forward is not that impressive if you haven't washed your feet.
 RT  Finding Piracy's Tipping Point 
 USS Scorpion, On Eternal Patrol 
 RT  Oprah, Katie Couric, and Mary Hart all retired this week.  How can this be the end of the world? Things were just getting good
 BZ to the  and Army Recruiting! 
 If the rapture does happen, then I should win the Powerball tomorrow night. Would be just my luck :) 
 Added the Afghan Army oath of enlistment (female officer example) 
 The Bra Gun Holster - the 2nd Amendment support bra :) 
 RT  "There are 12 “official Navy” museums in the US – and of these, all but one, the US Navy Museum onboard the Washingt ...
 Afghan military enlistment requirements and their pay 
 Building an Army - Afghan Military Enlistment   
 Defense.gov News Article: Gates Budget Review to ‘Force Discussion’ of Risk Analysis  via 
 NAVADMIN 166/11 (all 4 parts) 
 Cruiser Modernization Questions  
 Effort begins to guard pay before debt deadline - Air Force Times 
 RT  NATO helicopter attacks Pakistani army post 
 Retired Navy Pilot to Challenge Klobuchar 
 Navy League Siam - Home 
  So Boys & Girls...... 
 Gates: ‘Perfect Fusion’ Made bin Laden Raid Succeed 
 RT  Midway commemorations coming in a few weeks... Here's a brush-up worth watching (& sharing) 
 Listen to "Episode 71 JHSV - Quo Vadis" hosted by Midrats on 5/15/2011 1600 CST   
 IMF Director Arrested in NY For Alleged Sexual Attack - CNBC 
 RT  Battle off Somalia off Hobyo with NATO warship. 3 pirates dead, 1 boat sunk with missile 
 RT   fever strikes the  Grizzly bears too!. Don't take our word for it, watch the video proof: 
  As we close doors behind us, others open in front. We walk through the new doors w/ a greater wisdom and purpose.
 Notes From a Duffel Bag: The impact of another soldier's death 
 2011 Military Pay Chart 
 RT  Could dust be the cause of war vets’ ailments? 
 The Stupid Shall Be Punished: Female Officers Report To SOBC 
 RT  Yesterday  visited Sailors in the Seattle area. Here's his interview with   
 OK, favor time - GO VOTE!! GREAT CAUSE!  --  Spanky Frankie & The Bruins Beard-A-Thon 
 Always a good read! --  Daily is out! 
 DoD education enlistment requirements ultimately saves the tax payer $$; Tier Status: Conform to the Norm 
 RT  Rating conversion an option for Sailors under Enlisted Retention Board consideration:  More  NAVADMIN 160/11
 DoD Tier Status: Conform to the Norm  
  Smear, sideline, marginalize - dismiss  
 RT  Hoping Gold Star mom Maureen Murphy finds peace this Mother's Day. Future USS Michael Murphy christened:  ...
 Roger that! RT  Happy Mother's Day to all our "Navy Moms"--we couldn't do it without you!
 RT  Oh damn that sucks: 
 Moonbats: America’s Political Jock Itch « AW1 Tim's Blog 
 RT  Quick video on why Michael Murphy awarded Medal of Honor:  
  all the grades are posted. You get the journal finished?
 Three more days of using an NMCI connection before we head back home. NMCI, one thing I do not miss about the Navy.
 A life boat? RT   you in memphis? Need a bbq guide?
 The Lightning will make quick work of the Bruins.
 RT  What I'm getting  for his b-day present: Of course, to get it he has to publish pictures o... 
 "I am your eyes" Telling the U.S. military story: Go...Navy?  
 RT  Chk out this special Navy Helo  used to clear mines, kind of like fishing for dynamite. (ak)
  But it was Swiss! The knife has a neutral stance and would not hurt anybody! Damn TSA. :)
 Yes you can! RT  My goal in losing weight is to return to my "fighting weight" from when I was in the Army. I can do it!
 Information Dissemination: This Is How To Name a Warship: 
  Now we need a list of unofficial, informative, thought-provoking Navy centric blogs via the same source :)
 RT  This President continues to impress me. RT  Pres. Obama has decided NOT to release any photos.
 RT  RT  What’s A Faster Way To Get A Virus Than Browsing Porn? That’s Right: The New Facebook 
 "Life. Liberty and the Unwavering, Relentless Pursuit and Destruction of All Who Threaten It."  
 RT  In honor of Michael 's 35th B'day on 5/7/11 & Christening of USS Michael Murphy -lets get 1K followrs! PLZ RT  
  Numerous times to numerous countries.
 Sidebar with Congressman Wittman during  - he said the ECI based 1.6% raise for 2012 should be GTG 
  Done!
  That's great - I wanna share it on Facebook, providing proper attribution of course :)
 RT  RT  BP dumped oil, Japan added radiation & now we tossed Bin Laden's body in. Sounds like a recipe for a comic bo ...
  I know, amazing, right?
 Nissan Wins NYC Taxi Contract over Ford - Taxis to be built in Mexico 
  I nominate the Sailors of 'SEAL Team 6' for the 2011 Service Member(s) of the Year Award.
 RT  Family Advocacy Program Naval Station Norfolk FFSC 757-444-2102. FAP 444-2230. Little Creek FFSC/FAP 757-462-7563. Ocea ...
 Read The Donna Fontenot Daily ▸ today's top stories via   and   ▸ 
 RT  RT   "If we are to remain greatest expeditionary fighting force world's ever known, we can't allow sexual as ...
 Paid 35 cents less for it but got 3.5 miles per gallon less with it in my F-150 E85 Fuel needs 2 b cheaper 2 make sense 
 RT  A Message from Gold Star Mother Natalie Healy    Navy SEAL Daniel Healy was KIA 6-28-2005 Operation  ...
 lol rt  Osama bin Laden 
 I have a prediction, the position of Osama's remains will become a frequent Navy CHT tank dumping ground.
 RT  I'm leaving all with this request: The reward for  should go into fund 4 fallen SEALS & Family. 
  Thank you for the book signing at the  - both my Navy sons will treasure their copy.
 Prepare 2 CHEER! US Naval Academy's Commandant's Speech After Bin Laden's Death   
 Be safe, CJ rt  It's sort of surreal standing in line to get deployment RFI to Afghanistan knowing Bin Laden is dead! 
 lol rt  How they *really* found  bin laden: 
 RT  MOH Navy SEAL Michael Murphy facebook page:  He & shipmates paid up front for today. "Like" it if U FB 
 RT  Today, President  will award the Medal of Honor to two Korean  heroes   
 RT  MOH recipient Navy SEAL Michael Murphy smiling frm above watching  take down. 
 RT  Yesterday a great day for world. My thanks & admiration to all those who conducted this mission. OBL is no more; figh ...
 "I have never wished a man dead, but I have read some obituaries with great pleasure" - Mark Twain
  Great seeing you again, Blake. Have a safe trip back!
 SECNAV: 11 carriers ‘about right’ 
 RT  Fan Favorite and Milbloggies Winners Announced 
  Likewise; keep up the outstanding work that you do!
 RT  RT  Astrolite liquid land mines   « what will they think of next!
  -  is an enlisted member that loves to blog, I'm sure you can twist his arm, he has written good things for me :)
 Information Dissemination: US Naval Institute: Someone Lied For 1 Million Dollars  
 Woot! rt   won  yfrog.com/gypypyaj
 Made it to DC. Checked into the hotel. 
 RT  DoDLive Bloggers Roundtable: U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ Mission in Afghanistan 
 Air Force Attacks Texas Wildfires - 
 RT  DoDLive Bloggers Roundtable: Texas Wildfires 
  Drive SAFE!! We'll cya in a couple days :)
 NSA Mid-South, Closed Due To Weather Today. 
 Navy Chefs Topple World Cooking Festival in Istanbul 
 Afghan official: Man opens fire on Americans in Kabul; 6 dead - CNN.com 
 U.S. Fleet Forces Command Blog: USS PONCE (LPD 15) CO / XO Relief 
 Retirement under review: DoD considering changes to the 20-year plan-again  
 RT  Navy fans  makes a few valid points here... & yes, we run NavyLive blog.  Give your Navy a cat shot.
 Amphib Ponce CO, XO fired in the Mediterranean - Navy News | News from Afghanistan & Iraq - Navy Times 
 Information Dissemination: United States Naval Institute: An Open Letter by Raymond Pritchett  
 BBC News - Syria: Forces shoot at mourners 
 Johnny Damon's two run homer in the first inning puts the Rays ahead of the Jays early! 2-0 top 1st no outs.
 The Unknown Soldiers: Amazing Grace 
 168 hours until the  officially starts.
 Logistics and the Long War « AW1 Tim's Blog 
 Policy Update and Expansion of Enlisted Early Transition Program   
 Spine « Neptunus Lex 
  Region Hawaii, One Day in Six Minutes 
 "I am your eyes" Telling the U.S. military story: Watch this video 
 Army to Inactivate Accessions Command; Recruiting and Cadet Commands Align with TRADOC 
 Our Best: Commander Shanti Sethi (  
 RT  DoDLive Bloggers Roundtable: Let’s Move Campaign 
 USS George Washington to Return to Yokosuka 
 EagleSpeak: Somali Pirates: A Little Hostage Threat 
  is my granddogger. :)
  Yea, it isn't lookin good at all. The speculators need to reign in their fears because apparently there is plenty of oil out there.
 Saudi Slashes Oil Output; Says Market Oversupplied - CNBC 
 RT  WWII veterans group gathers for last toast 
 Molten Eagle: Lesson  Reading Between the Submarine Lines 
 My new truck is Flex-Fuel E85 compatible, but I have to drive 100 miles to get to a station that has it... E85 is --> 
 RT   if they moved elections to April 16th, the GOP would win every time.
 MCPON talks about Standards & Conduct 
 Steeljaw Scribe - Sea-Based BMD — Another Successful Test 
 Great to see the Pirates track team still kicks butt! rt  Daily News Headlines 
 RT  20% off membership in the U.S. Naval Institute: 
 Beautiful shot! RT  We like to think life aboard a  warship is exciting, but electric? 
  That's outstanding! He is a chip of the ol' block :)
  lol, aye.
 No More 17 Year Olds In the Fleet   
 The Master Chief's Lair: The FIRST Female Gun Mount Tech Rep!  
 Rays are 1-8 heading into Boston - at least we should get some wins there! Regular Season Standings | MLB.com: Standings 
 Starting in 2 minutes "Episode 66 Donald Rumsfeld  Bing West" hosted by Midrats on   
 Listen to  and Eagle1 in 20min on "Episode 66 Donald Rumsfeld  Bing West" by  on   
 EagleSpeak: Sunday Ship History: "USS Sea Cloud & Racial Integration in the U.S. Coast Guard" 
 RT  Random fact: Oklahoma City was 3,200kg RT  Police defuse a 225 kg bomb in N. Ireland: 
 Cool. Worth the minute. YouTube - Cat and Dolphins playing together 
 Recommended reading! An open letter to the US Congress and Executive Office 
 Molten Eagle: Annals of Torment 
 Shutdown Madness, Will Federal Prisoners Get Paid or Stop all Work? 
 Will federal prisoners continue to get paid during a government shut down?
 LOL!  Not that He's Tired Of Me Or Anything.... 
  CS is for CyberSpace, although I can cook :) I was an ET who became an NC - I visit your site often.
 A Sunday afternoon MUST!  Donald Rumsfeld & Bing West, on  
 SEDEF - as a historian it always occurred to me the smart thing for government was always to pay the guys with guns first 
 Molten Eagle: The First Celebrity Submarine Fatality 
 From the Heartland to the Sea; Navy Recruiting Command, 40 Years Young  
 RT  The Forums Official re-opening of the re-opening?: While we thought we had the issues fixed... 
 Information Dissemination: Something Isn't Quite Right With AMDR 
 CDR Salamander:  by the numbers   
 RT What I’ve Learned. |  Blog 
 The SandGram » Blog Archive » Afghanistan Koran Burning Protests  A  must read.
 Another one; Plane makes emergency landing safely at NYC - WSJ.com 
 Sunday morning humor; How to Give a Cat a Pill 
 Troops in Parts of Japan to Receive Hardship Pay 
 Southwest Airlines Plane's Ceiling Rips Open During Phoenix-Sacramento Flight - ABC News 
 RT  The Trillion Mile-Per-Gallon Engine - Now, that is compelling fuel efficiency - Forbes 
 RT  I posted 8 photos on Facebook in the album "CPO Birthday, 1 April 2011"  
  Thank you for the RT! I hope you are feeling better and stronger than ever - we are looking forward to PF cake :)
 GOP Bill Would Ensure Military Pay Through A Government Shutdown -  
  If my wife is any indication, I am absolutely correct :)
 He who hesitates, is lost; she who hesitates, is shopping.
  It is my pleasure, thank you for what you do!
 RT  Distracted Driving month starts today. Must be where "Fools" comes from in April Fools:  Arrive alive plz.
 118 Years of Deck Plate Leadership; Happy Birthday to the Navy Chief Petty Officer.   
 EagleSpeak: China Warns of U.S. Military "Competition" 
 The new 2011 British Military Pay Award Chart 
 RT  Flight deck incident injured 10 USS John C. Stennis sailors. 
 RT  The battle in the port of Misrata, Libya. USS Barry, P-3s, and A-10s 
  Thank you; he always writes good stuff!
 Steeljaw Scribe - USNI: Taking Back Our Institution — The Fleet Speaks  
 The Master Chief's Lair: Navy Chiefs.  
 It's ON! "Episode 64 Policy  Planning in a changing envi..." hosted by Midrats on  
 BBC News - Army medic Kylie Watson awarded Military Cross 
 Aye. :) RT  If you dont think cat piss smells bad, you'da kept the litter box in the master bedroom
 In 56 minutes, listen to "Episode 64 Policy  Planning in a cha..." hosted by Midrats on   
 2011 Navy and Marine Corps Relief Society Fund Drive, the NSA Mid-South Mud Run Challenge - pass the word! 
 "You're making Charlie Sheen sound rational."  Watching:  Sigh ... and they vote 
 Federal Agency Revives $1B Kodak Patent Claims Against Apple, RIM | PCMag.com 
 Mullen Welcomes Medal of Honor Heroes to Pentagon 
 Voted! RT  Pls vote for   Poll: C. (7) vs. (2)  Please vote before midnight EST
 Reading: "I am your eyes" Telling the U.S. military story: Between A and B 
 2011 NAVY AND FLEET RIFLE AND PISTOL CHAMPIONSHIPS 
 RT  DoD Family Pets Being Evacuated From Japan, Civilian Teachers Told They Must Stay | Smackdown! 
 RT  Saturday:  will christen newest amphib transport dock ship Arlington, honoring 184  victims of 9/11 h ...
 RT  RT  Badass of the week! God bless this guy!    
 Tito Puente,  Veteran - Enjoy - A Maria Cervantes - HD 
  NP, but I will always wonder why this process is not automatic...
 Bravo! Watch the 4min short-great stuff! --- Molten Eagle: Latest Submarine Movie is a Winner, of shorts! Review by M.E. 
   Process improvement should always be part of SOP. As a retired member using 911GIBill & VA medical system - BZ²!
    Herb, I completely agree. BZ, VA!
 Dang, 8 miles, outstanding! RT  ran 8.1 mi 
 RT  The  deadline has been extended to April 18 -- apply today, don't wait!    
 is stoked you're stoked! :) rt  is stoked!
 RT  13 Illegal Immigrants Apprehended Wearing U.S. Marine Uniforms - FoxNews.com  via 
 Taco rage: Man upset at burrito price rise fires shots - WREG 
 U.S. Military Strikes Loyalist Forces in Libya - Yahoo! News 
 RIP, Muhammad Nabbous RT Information Dissemination: Muhammad Nabbous  
 Official: U.S. fires on Libyan air defenses - CNN.com 
  You have killed my stereotype of a member of the Air Force, being up before noon on a Saturday... Good Morning! :)
 CONGRATS, DAD! RT  At 5:55am 'super moon' Skyler was born making me the proudest dad on the planet. 8lbs 2oz 20" 
 RT  Muhammad Nabbous, citizen journalist broadcasting live online from Benghazi on Gaddafi violence, has been shot and killed
 Libya Latest - Defying West, Gaddafi Forces Push Into Benghazi - CNBC 
  Make sure they have the machine that goes bing! Monty Python's Meaning of Life reference :) 
 Reading and watching;  How you defeat Islamists ... 
 Information Dissemination: Why Obama Goes to South America While Europe Goes to War in Africa 
 Navy Early Career Transition Program 
 RT  BlogPostAlert: Diversity Thursday: Why do I call the Navy's Diversity policy racist and retrograde?  Well - beca... h ...
 Note to IRS :) RT  Won 200 at the dog track and 3 grand at baccarat. Bond. James Bond.
 Ships must have got too close to the "line of death" :)  Information Dissemination: Libyan Navy Attacked by Fighter Jets 
 CDR Salamander: Disappointed and slightly insulted  
 lol, you spend a lot on the dress? RT  A red thong under a thin white dress.
 Last Doughboy’s Burial Marks End of Era 
 Radiation Forces U.S. 7th Fleet to Reposition Ships 
 My March Madness 2011 Bracket  
  agreed - the Recruiter can still workout w/ the FS, just can't force them. RTC standards not changed, so thy better b ready!
 Official instruction change - Navy DEP IFA no longer mandatory.  
 RT  FYI. The levels of radiation being discussed in Japan are similar to radiation levels of Guinness beer brewed in the 1970s.
 RT  Here's where you can keep an eye on your fleet supporting  efforts: 
 And the plot sickens; Bye Bye Military Health Care‏ 
 Nuke reactor questions? Ask the Squid! -- Hot Rock, Boil Water, Make Steam    
 RT  State Department is setting up task force for Americans to call re relatives in Japan. Numbers are 1-888-407-4747 & 202-50 ...
 I am prepared to break the  players picket line - put me in coach!
 RT  Ouch! RT  18 F-2 fighters under water as a result of the tsunami. In addition to everything else, that's $ ...
 I love haddock, too - I can't scold over this one... RT  Stations - Week 1  
 The Stupid Shall Be Punished: Japan Earthquake Tsunami Hits Guam 
 CDR Salamander: Diversity Thursday II: Electric Boogaloo 
 Berra, 85, falls in ambulance; in 'good spirits' - San Jose Mercury News 
 RT  Salors looking to step foward in PTS may want to take a step back: ASVAB improvement may give U an edge: 
 RT  Ash Wednesday 
 This is a shame; Disney World pulls the plug on 'Grad Nite' 
 RT  YEAR -- Price of a Gigabyte
 Good ASVAB Scores Help Sailors Stay in Navy 
 Project Manager IT Job Opening - ServiceMaster - Memphis,TN  Navy IT Professionals are encouraged to apply. 
 RT  United States Naval Institute: Another Open Letter by Norman Polmar  
   Editorial Board - Nay 
 After 200 Years, Navy and Marines Still Battling Pirates - Yahoo! News 
 Msg frm Capt. Scott Kelly, the current commander of the International Space Station to Navy Future Sailors.  
 CDR Salamander: Why Command is hard   
 Reading:  -  Taking Back Our Institution – 7 Mar Update 
 Information Dissemination: Update on Moving Aircraft Carrier to Mayport  
 On  there is a 2011 CNO Pool - who do you think it will be? Don't just sit there - go vote!  
 Follow  A very strong supporter of the military - Thank you Virginia for everything you do :) 
 Only bad thing about staying in the BEQ at NSA Panama City - the Internet connection is painfully slow!!
 Niema(sp?) was the wrong choice. American Idol needs another US Navy Musician like Phil from season 6!! 
 Information Dissemination: Dutch Marines Captured by Kadhafi 
 Airmen Killed in Frankfurt Airport Shooting - Yahoo! News 
 RT  "Awesome" Does Not Have An Expiration Date - SYSK 
 Information Dissemination: US Naval Institute Mails Bad Ballots to Members  
 CDR Salamander: Those pesky by-laws ....  
 RT  US Naval Institute: An Open Letter by Vice Admiral Bob Dunn 
 RT  Listen live in 5 minutes: Defense Against Piracy on Midrats. . 
 Managing New York's Budget by Capping Medicaid - Yahoo! News 
 RT  Sterling Sharpe of NFL Network says that if Aqib Talib & Gerald McCoy take another step up in 2011, the Bucs will be a ...
 Dangerous Shoals Ahead; Bye Bye Bluejackets’?   
 RT  Published a new post: When Does Advocacy Become Lobbying...  
 RT  "No Easy Solutions To Somali Piracy Threat," NPR's Talk of the Nation, with Prof. Nikolas Gvosdev. Audio/transcript ...
 Mission Essential Personnel Only at CNRC on 25 Feb. 
 As Libya Revolts, Gaddafi Blames Al Qaeda and Bin Laden - Yahoo! News 
