 When does the little elf get here to pack my stuff? 10 days & 4 stops= too much stuff to pack. Especially with the baby.
  apparently.
 Baby is asleep with 1 binky in her mouth and a 2nd binky in her hand.
  I've actually read a lot of her stuff.
  OOh! I've been wanting to read 2 kisses for Maddy and I forgot all about it. Thanks!
  Thanks. I'll look into those.
 I've got a long drive to Utah in a couple of days. I'm looking for good book recs. Anyone have anything they love?
 Why can't I sleep?!
 Working on designs for a cupcake stand with a princess and pirates theme and a minnie mouse/zebra theme. My... 
 Why does my kid clench her fists and growl at me?
  I could've gone with a bear or mountain lion but I'm not sure they'd stop at only your arm so yes, a bird was my best choice
  c'mon her passion drives her. Would u stop shooting if a bird flew down and pecked your arm off during a shoot? I think not!
  no I haven't. Kinda want to but kinda afraid that it will make me the mom that will never let her kids in the ocean.
  you don't need escape tactics if you just don't go in the ocean at all because there are horrible things living in there.
  I don't think he had a water bottle in mind when he saw them either....
  Oh I know what he wants! 
  It's almost that time again....
  couldn't even tell you. No idea.
  nothing!
  and I gotta say I'm very excited to watch things in 3d now.
  bulb went out in the tv in our living room so instead of buying a bulb again he decided he wanted a new tv for out there.
 So I guess I had no need for b.day idea suggestions. Hubs got his gift last night, a couple weeks early.
 Reposting for the morning/afternoon crowd...We want to welcome all our new facebook friends with a discount code.... 
 We want to welcome all our new facebook friends with a discount code. Use the code FBfan in our etsy shop and... 
  GOLD! It gets better and better.
 looking for 30th b.day gift ideas for my husband. I have a couple ideas but not sold on them. If you have good ones send em my way!
 The other Etsy seller still has not taken our pictures down. We have been talking with etsy's legal team and... 
 Congrats to our winner! 
 Last day to enter the giveaway over at kara's party ideas 
 So many errands to run today. Full day of party planning then my brother's badge pinning ceremony tonight followed by dinner to celebrate.
 Turns out that seller was using one of our photos and photoshopping new designs over them. They have been reported... 
 It a shame when you find someone who is creating and selling a product you designed almost down to a T and even... 
  shoot me an email royalpedestals and let me know what you had in mind.
  AMEN!
 If any of our old FB friends are interested in a chance to win a stand from our shop head over to kara's party... 
  is pissing me off. All these tutorials for amazing things. Problem is.... I don't make, I buy
  She's her father's daughter in that way for sure! Classy lil thing.
 My 1,000th tweet! And I just passed 800 followers. Thanks to you all for your support and business!
 my 7 month old kills me. Rips 2 loud farts, whips her head around to look at me & gives me the biggest grin. Why are baby farts so funny?
 If you're local you've gotta try The Pasta Bar. Such good food for such a good price! And get a cannoli...you'll... 
 Great way to save on cost but still have some bling on your stand...add just a single row of rhinestones to each tier. 
 the new seasonal  juice is goooood!
 Vote for my baby in the Gerber contest. You can vote once a day, everyday in July. 
 Too excited. There's no way I'm going to get any sleep.
 A recent stand we did for another The Cake Mamas customer. 
 Our shop will be closed July 28- August 8. No orders will ship during this time and we will have limited access to... 
 Anyone in need of some blue, green, and yellow polkadot pinwheels? I have some in different sizes if anyone is... 
 Hi all! If you have a minute please vote for our daughter in the Gerber baby contest. 
 RT  Dear Dexter, we have a new job for you.
 RT  It's now just as legal to kill your daughter in Florida as it is to kill to your your wife and race off in a bronco i ...
 Hope everyone had a great holiday weekend!
 We're only 7 followers away from 800!
 We made a stand for another The Cake Mamas client. Check out the gorgeous mini cakes they created! 
 We made a stand for another The Cake Mamas client. Check out the gorgeous mini cakes they created! 
 Wanna try and win some donuts? 
 Our last giveaway over at Hostess with the Mostess went over really well. We have another one coming up in a... 
 Know a service member who deserves a free photo shoot? Enter them here! 
 Just placed an order for cookies from 2 different places because they're both so talented that I just had to have... 
 Just had an vision for a piñata themed cupcake stand for the husbands fiesta themed 30th birthday party.  I'm... 
 Looking for some party planning ideas? Check out Catch My Party and kara's party ideas!
 Searching for some fabrics for a Princess Jasmine inspired cupcake stand.
 Looking for a creative alternative to an address book? Makes a great wedding gift. 
 Check it...cake mamas cupcakes on living social: Six Cupcakes of Your Choice:  via 
 Love when our customers send us pictures of the stands being used. Thanks Gina! 
 I love the pattern on this fabric. 
 Shipping out 2 cupcake towers today. Tonight's agenda is finishing up 2 cake stands and 3 cupcake stands.
  dh calls that movie "the walmart baby" like that's the title or something. He's also convinced it's on nonstop.
 Funerals suck.
  Jason loved his Frizzante! ;)
  You're amazing! And I had no idea we are both in Glendora!
 Check it out...we made a stand for The Cake Mamas and it was photographed and put in our local newspaper! 
 UPS is killing me lately...
 what are some all-inclusive resorts you have visited that you would recommend?
 I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "Bridal Shower Cupcake Stand" 
 I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "Custom stands" 
  what happened?
 Working on a father's day/couch potato cupcake stand.
  how often do you recommend doing the cleanse?
 where can I find cute favor boxes? I'm looking for something other than gable boxes though.
 If you're local and looking for a great photographer check her out! 
  my abs are a little sore but the bruises are the worst part.
 what are some LA/OC based food trucks that serve burgers?
  Today was so much better and I got it down just fine. It was all in my head.
 Doing  & struggling. Couldn't drink the 1 w/ ginger. I used ginger to help w/morning sickness & it brought that feeling back
  I don't think the lil kids will be down with the asian fusion food....thats why there was a burger theme going at first
 what are some LA/OC based catering trucks for private events? Already looked into In-n-out, TK burger and Tommys...
 Can't believe my girl is 6 months old today! B and I are celebrating our half birthdays today.
 RT  GLENDORA POLICE NEEDS YOUR HELP! Please RT, repost, and spread the word. 34 unidentified victims remain. Children... ht ...
  NO! Seriously? What kind of person does that? Sick....
 A winner was already selected for our giveaway! BUT head on over to HWTM to check out the special discount code... 
 Our neighbor got a drum set from his friend and keeps telling us how he's learning to "jam." I wanna jam the... 
 last chance! Ends at midnight tonight! 
 Is it crazy that I am ready to start ordering things for my daughters 1st birthday? (she's 6 months old) I figure... 
 Don't forget! Tomorrow is the last day to enter the giveaway for a gift certificate for our store over at Hostess... 
 Someone help me out here...Why is it that I can't tag another page and make a name clicky in my status update?
 Enter to win a $100 gift certificate to our shop over at  
 Enter to  $100 to our shop on Hostess with the Mostess. 
 Enter to win a gift certificate for our shop from Hostess with the Mostess! 
 Make sure to check in with us next Tuesday. We have a giveaway coming up on a very popular blog!
 Twitter friends, Check out our FB page  for some info on how to help us win a contest for my husband!
 Hey everyone! Don't forget to go to Dough-a-Deer's page. Like them then like the photo of Jason and I in the... 
 RT  Congressional and administration officials tell CNN Osama bin Laden is dead. He was reportedly killed in Afghanistan.
 mom's of girls- send me links to your fav outfits, hair accessories, and fun things to use in photo shoots.
 Baby's first tooth broke through yesterday!
 I need your help! Go to dough-a-deer's FB page & "like" them. Then "like" the pic of Jason & I. Help us win! 
 Hey friends! Go and click on "like" under the picture of Jason and I to help us win some goodies for his 30th... 
  Head on over and check out the awesome giveaway!
 Check out this awesome giveaway! 
 Be sure to follow us on   where we sometimes offer exclusive  &  to our fans!
 We're getting busier and busier every day. I can tell wedding season is right around the corner!
  If you guys are ever in need of new displays/stands check us out. We're local too!
 Love the flyer Party Box Design created for us 
 Love the flyer Party Box Design created for us! 
  so sorry girl! sending some good thoughts your way!
  Just found your blog and I'm in love!
  any special stuff going on Mothers Day weekend?
  as soon as I get em! I'm always taking pics of her w/ people so I signed up for this shoot to get some pics of me w/ her.
 Taking Mommy & Me photos tomorrow with my lil one. She'll be 5 months old tomorrow & starting cereal. How is she getting so big so fast?
 RT   I love your stands!! Who needs to spend $$$$$ on decorative cakes when you have such beautiful stands?!
  Thank you!!
 Time to eat my chocolate raspberry truffle cheesecake. So Yum!
 Listed some new  stand designs in our  shop- Pedestals  via  We're now offering  add-ons!
 New  stand photos listed on our FB page. Check em out! 
 already 2-0 Kings! Woo hoo!
 it was 90 some degrees on sat. and now its raining?
 Spent today at a b.day party w/ DJ Lance. B met lots of other babies. So fun. Finished our night w/ some sushi & watching the  game.
  congrats to you both!!
 Working on our newest addition, a cake pop stand. Pictures to come next week.
  he truly was an awesome dog. I wish he was still here with us.
 Can't believe it's already been 1 year since we had to put our family dog to sleep. I miss that lil guy so much.
  we picked instrumental versions of songs that we liked for every part of the wedding instead of traditional. I loved it.
  my favorite song. My bridesmaids walked down the aisle to the instrumental version of it.
  I totally agree! I live near SA and never go but go down to DM every year.
 Special  for our twitter followers today. Get 20% off using the coupon code TWEET. Today only! 
 Cake and Cupcake stands by Pedestals  via 
 Does anyone have any buying or selling experience with Wedzu.com?
 RT    "Be a Match" with Tanner: LA Kings Press Release 
  I think I'm obsessed with the red velvet pancakes. I think about them way more than I should.
 RT   fans. It looks like we'll be playing some extra games. Officially in the  playoffs!
 Oh yeah!! RT  YES!!!!!  win!!!! Kings are playoff bound!!!!! Woo Hoo!!! 
 Kings clinch a playoff spot in a shootout! Wooooohooooo!
 Tapatio flavored doritos are addicting.
  thank you! you can pick. blue or green, a mix, I really don't care. whatever you've got or can find will work.
  i do but if you dont wanna hassle it my mom and i can easily do that part.
  the singing thing sounds spot on. I do suck but I do like to sing anyway. & Jenn would decide something insane like that.
  driving in the backseat-awesome. & maybe the poop thing is in your head cause she did it to me 2x this past week.-not awesome
  so what were these dreams you text me about?
 At the OC swapmeet.
 Stupid  has me hooked on red velvet/choc chip pancakes. It's all I can think about.
  everytime I go to joann's I wonder if that place is good but I've never known anyone to go there.
  I used the "it's Friday, you can't eat meat so we should eat lobster rolls & grilled cheese" excuse. It worked.
 on our way to 
  the guy in the video from Charter Oak gym worked there when I was doing cheer/tumbling there in high school 15 years ago!
  Right? That dress was not workin for me either.
  The video turned out awesome. The event was a hit! Big props to you guys for doing such an amazing thing for the girls.
  right after I went to Vegas I came home & found out I was KU.  ;) maybe Vegas will work it's magic on you.
  woah! That's the kind of stuff that happens in tha hood.
  how crazy is it at this 1st fri thing? I'm dying to try a few of them but dunno about taking the baby if it's insane.
 Really? There's a new scream movie coming out?
 It's been one of those days. I'm ready to break. 
  Vicki irritates the crap outta me. She acts like everyone owes her something.
  Jason just threw down a thin mint cupcake. This is a man who doesn't like sweets. Especially chocolate. They must be good!
  After today I'm hooked on you're basil lemonade. A splash of champagne & I've decided it would make a great cocktail too!
 We had a crazy busy weekend. Back into cupcake stand mode! Ordering fabrics and creating custom designs for a few requests we've had.
 Great turnout at   There's still time. Go check it out!! 
 My cousin (who is one if my very best friends) turns 30 today. Happy birthday Jenn! Xoxo.
 Taking part in 2 fundraisers this weekend. Printing materials for both events.
 Homemade fish and chips for dinner. Pretty good!
  I watched one episode of PLL and decided it wasn't half bad.
 Become a FB fan today & I'll send you a message w/ a discount code for any custom  or  stand. 
  Are you still ok to meet tomorrow around 11?
 The sharks are killing me!
  haha. That's cute!
 Baby was sleeping soundly, IL's came over, Dog spazzed, Baby's now wide awake & whiney thanks to Dog's antics.
  They have this chocolate raspberry cheesecake that is sooo good.
  but who knew you had it successfully up & running & so close to home too! Kudos!!
  lcan't wait to meet you at 
 Paul is my favorite on American idol.
  yuck. Hopefully it works.
  try the surgery or try the meds?
  why?
  what's wrong with your dad?
  that's probably what I would have used to so that works!
 Here's the flyer for the  event. 
 Join us this Sunday for the 1st annual  event. Can't wait! Info on www.thecakemamasblog.com
  just remembered about the blog banner (mommy brain! I totally forgot) & saw you already took care of it. Sorry & Thank you!
  in the blink of an eye!
 Can't believe my munchkin is already 4 months old!
 Ok, I'm looking for some good red  recommendations. What are your favorites?
 Shopping for stuff we "need" for baby B for our vacations this summer.
  crayon pelo rico in mango is my favorite candy of all time. I have been known to buy it in bulk when I find it.
  I'm picky with my mango flavors. some mango stuff tastes funny to me and others are sooo yummy.
  Yum! I'll have to try those. J makes cream cheese ones wrapped in bacon on the bbq. I could eat just those for the rest of my life
 Become a fan on   We'll be offering exclusive  only to our FB followers! 
 I've decided that I'm addicted to anything jalapeño. My new obsession is the fried jalapeño rings at del taco. Can't get enough!
  that would be awesome. I'm gonna send you some details. It'll be easy for you!
 If you make & ship cake pops (or know of a place that does) let me know I need to find someone and place an order.
  what happened?
 Shipping 4 cupcake stands out today!
 3/27 12-4pm  Female Boss/Girls Scouts Event in Glendora hosted by  
 RT  Hope you'll make it out to our 1st Annual Girls Helping Girls Event next Sun 3/27 from 12-4pm in The Cake Mamas... htt ...
  good. She always is though.
  Seriously? So CUTE! congrats!
  your son chose The James Gang? We had them at my wedding and they will be playing my SIL's wedding in Sept. Aren't they amazing?
 survived my first night away from the baby! Had fun celebrating SIL's engagement.
  no shit! Congrats!!! It's the most amazing thing. Just be careful, your  cravings are gonna get worse. :)
 What's with all the spam tweets?
 Got some great,exciting news today!!
 i think I'd like it better if he'd be a part of the lollipop guild. The outfit would suit him.
  bwahaha. You're so mean. Funny, but mean!
 We have concrete! Finally our backyard isn't JUST dirt. But now husband is outside staring at/admiring said concrete. Got stuff to do Mr...!
   I wish! I get too crazy though. It would cost an arm, a leg, probably even a torso or 2.
  P.S. that gray/white/black fabric is discontinued. I'm searching for something similar though and I'll let ya know.
  you say 1, Nik says another. Ugh, I might have to throw her 2 parties!
  the ideas I'm finding are getting cuter & cuter too. Its out of hand!!
  it started cause of a wiz tutu I found but that could always be for halloween but the party ideas started flowin now I'm torn
  nooooooo....what kind of crazy would be excited to plan a 1st b.day 8 months in advance? ::side eye:: not meeee.
 whats cuter for a 1st birthday? A balloon theme (big round balloons in pink, white & gray) or wizard of oz (blue gingham & red)?
 If people don't stop talking about pi day I'm gonna be forced to go buy myself a pie. You're making me hungry people!
  your blog made me cry today. Serious, real tears. 
 We also think we've found a way to incorporate logos on the stands. Will be great for businesses and bakeries!
 Excited to work on a zoo/jungle themed cupcake stand for a little girl's first birthday party. Pink leopard print with purple accents!
 Have you checked out our new  cake stands yet? 
 Lots of new  cake stands listed in our  shop. Check em out! 
  I'm the same way. I answer if it's my husband or parents. That's it.
 Praying for japan!!
 It was 1 year ago today that I found out I was pregnant. Now I have my lil girl sleeping next to me.
    thought of you.
 87 degrees today. This weather can stick around!!
 Headed to LA tomorrow for fabric and supplies. And some taquitos for lunch!
 FINALLY finishing the yard. Can't wait to let the poor dog come and go as she pleases. Just wish the tractor didn't keep waking the baby.
  If she wants the easter bunny to fill that gold plated, diamond encrusted (for the $ thats what it should be) she'll like it
 ordering B an easter basket from PBK and the total came to $71.88. For a basket...really?
 The spam tweets are really lame.
   I'm with D. That shit is too sweet. Yuck!
  who's the better so cal hockey team? (hint: it's not the ducks!)
 RT  Help score a goal for a baby in need. If you can, please support Hockey For Huggies. Info:   
  my daughter and I were both born on the 23rd. It's our lucky  that you're wearin, Captain. Let's get 2 points tonight!
  you should open a location in LA! I hate that I only get my crab cakes and VIPs when I'm in Vegas.
  November rain should be the national anthem!
  cousin won your stroller on  She ordered, has a conformation  never received it. Teutonia is refusing to send hers
  so cute! No, not yet. Still waiting on fabric to be delivered.
  woah! what happened to the sadie ryan discount for your readers? I went back to your blog & cant find the post about it.
  I've got 20 lbs to lose to be back to my PP size. I have no self-control with food though. I like crap, it tastes good.
  she stops as soon as binky is re-inserted into her mouth.
  yeah. It's kinda cute, kinda funny...for now. She lets out this BAH!  MMM! UHH! while frantically shaking head side to side.
  huh?
  sounds good. I'll talk to my husband this evening and then I'll be in touch to pick a date to come down.
  weekends are easiest for us so that we can leave the baby with someone.
  trying to find a time to FINALLY come in and talk to you about getting our stands in the store. When are you typically around
  Do you have pics of the candyland table?
 the pissy screams coming out of this kid at 3 months old when she's tired & cranky make me think there'll be epic tantrums in my future.
 Working on 7 cupcake stands. Really excited to see this candyland themed stand when it's all finished!
 Watching a firefighters funeral on tv. It makes me cry. It hits close to home & makes me so scared for the job my brother and his friends do
 new cousin was born today. He is younger than my daughter & was born to my much older uncle & his new wife who is younger than me. Weird.
 Haven't been getting alerts that people were talking to me on here. Annoying!
 I just participated in  's Sadie Ryan Keepsake Tile Giveaway! Check it out here: 
  I think I have what you had. Sore throat with congestion popping in out of nowhere a few days into it.
  I work Friday & since I'm feeling crappy & not working today I'll probably be way backed up with stuff to do.
  B is good. J is a lil better and I'm getting worse.
  we've done magnolia. I want something different. I have wanted to try milk though
 looking for restaurant recs near the Pantages...
  I won't try it & just keep asking ?'s about what it tastes like. I think he might shove 1 down my throat soon if I don't stop.
 Dessert courtesy of  &   
  he's pretty amused by the whole thing. He's eating them so it's a win. I'm too chicken to try em since I hate beer with a passion.
 Dr. visit, Tissues, vitamins, antibiotics, throat lozenges, thermometers...what a v-day. At least the baby's in the best shape of all of us.
  Jason ordered the wedding soup for the 1st time & said "this is one of the best soups I've ever had." he's hooked on it!
 Only 2 hours left to enter for a chance to win a $40  towards any  or  stand in our store! 
 My whole fam is sick in bed so MIL is bringing us  for dinner. I bet those cannolis will make me all better.
 last day to enter for a chance to win a $40 giveaway towards any  or  stand in our store! 
  I knew I was gonna get sick too so I figured I should get some stuff done while I could. Happy v-day. Xoxo.
 3 weeks shy of making it 1 full year without being sick at all & here  I am with my throat on fire.
  I'd love to. sad thing is I'll probably be over it and unmotivated come tomorrow.
  I dunno. I feel the cold spreading my way too but for some reason I MUST clean everything. I feel like I'm nesting.
  I'm rooted here. 4 grandparents for B within walking distance. Can't leave that!
 Ran out of tubs for my shoes & I'm irritated that I have to wait until tomorrow to finish. I was on a roll.
  just move closer and we can just share! Double our wardrobes!
 If I dont  is gonna get lots of jeans. 1-AG, 1-J brand, 6-Citizens, 2-True religions, 5-7's, 4-Hudsons, 2-Joes. Yes, I counted
 motivation to get back to my pre-pregnancy size: the 21 pairs of designer jeans in my closet that I can't fit into. too much $ to waste!
 I'm on a cleaning/organizing rampage. Shoes are all being photographed & put into tubs.  
  colds
 I've got a sick baby and an even more sick husband. Thumbs down.
  Congrats on 1 year! We had to miss it for a family photo shoot in OC. To make up for it I'm asking for cannolis for V-day! :)
 RT   get a 1-0 win over the Flyers thanks to 40 saves by JQuick for shutout No. 6.
 we're doing a  Check it out. 
 RT  Have you entered the  giveaway on the blog yet?? It's giveaway 4 of 5 in the   ...
  I will 4 sure & when they start taking info 4 people to be on I'll let you know. U can sign up. Maybe we all can go.
  yay!
  I have to take the guest I took before since they lost out on the giveaway too. But if rules change you know I will!
  I was on her mothers day show. we didn't get 1 of the giveaways (company closed) so this is how they're making it up to us!
  in the audience. Free goodies!
 I get to go on  in Dec for one of her 12 days of giveaways! yay!
  I just got word they went out of business.
  I dunno really but I don't like it. What are you mad about?
 I've been nauseous for the past 2 weeks. I just want it to go away. I hate feeling like this.
  hope I responded in time!
 It seems like just yesterday I threw Jenn's bridal shower  & now I'm planning her baby shower.
 Need to go to the mall but my butt is parked on my bed with no motivation to get up and get ready to go.
 I need to shower but the baby is asleep on me. I love it when she does this & can't bring myself to move her.
 I'm thinking tonight is gonna be a  for dinner kind of night.
  I just emailed over my address to you.
  I gotta get those push cakes from you. I have a planning meeting tomorrow for the shower & we're working on menu already.
 I've got a date with Lindsay Brin.  here i come!!
  bring it on! I'm ready for baseball!
 It was at a superbowl party 11 years ago that hubs and I spoke to each other for the 1st time.
 Making a gorgonzola cream sauce to go on our steak and mashed potatoes. Sooo good. I could drench everything in this sauce.
  that's jacked up.
  I haven't picked up a book in so long so I've got nothin!
  might have to check it out. Looking for a new book and that has 5 star reviews all over the place.
 RT  Was that Michael Vick scouting players at the Puppy Bowl?
  I'm cooking some of it now!
 For sure! RT  Christina needs an  web redemption.
 Christina effed up the national anthem!
  lol no. I'll have to check it out later.
  I know, right? Last night there was some cocky bitch and she ended up in last place. I laughed.
  I liked it & I could totally have gone to other peoples weddings & been judgey mcjudgerson. It's a fun show.
  same here. After my wedding I didn't watch any wedding shows but I caught SYTTD one day & liked it & 4 weddings came on next
  4 weddings?
 Good luck to everyone doing the LA cupcake challenge today.
  damn carbs!
  good ones!
  no Netflix. It's 4 girls trying to win a honeymoon by having the best wedding. They go to each others weddings & rate them.
 Mini desserts on sticks...cake, pies, cookies, rice krispy treats. What else can be put on a stick?
  I think I'd end up on the news for killing someone if I cut out carbs.
  ha! I used to be sore from wii sports. Even had a wii baseball shoulder injury.
  just started watching SYTTD & I'm hooked. started watching 4 weddings too. I love that they get to be all judgey of each other.
  awesome. Thank you!
  it's just a DVD I bought at target along with some hand weights. It's supposed to kick your ass & that's what I need.
 Throwing a  &  themed baby shower. If you have any amazing ideas throw em my way!
  LOVE the snoopy cake on your FB page.
 Hubs went to the hardware store so I had him get me a donut. my reward for claiming I'm gonna start the 30 day shred. We'll see if I do.
  wish I wouldve realized sooner, I would've introduced myself. Even though I was rockin no makeup and frumpy clothes yesterday. :)
  just created a custom flyer for us. So great to work with! Check out their website & blog for fun party ideas!
 Husband to my right, baby girl to my left and my dog at my feet. All 3 sleeping peacefully. <3 perfect!
 30 day shred starts tomorrow!
 Pastrami burger and chili cheese fries from The Hat. Yum!
  were you at Costco today? I saw a girl & kept thinking she looked familiar but couldnt place her. Then it hit me, think it was you
  think it would work with a light beer? Gag. Beer in sweets...Grosses me out but I think husband would get a kick out of it.
  Yup. got it. I'll send you an email in a little bit.
  why'd you use dark beer? did F of a F want dark or is that type better to work with?  but may have to order some 4 mr.
 I entered! Win A Year of Roses (2/3) for a chance to win Free Roses For a Year: 
  my magazine never showed up last week. Pretty bummed about it.
  my husband placed the order yesterday & he has all the files on his comp. when I get ahold of it I'll send you all the info.
  super duper love that one too. ;)
 Husband woke up at 3:30 to go to the airport. He woke the baby who wouldnt go back to sleep so I've been up the whole time too. Tired!
  the effing ducks? Really?
 I want pie! Mini bite size pies to be specific but really any pie would do.
  just showed it on the news right now. hope those people are ok.
  its right above st. lucys
 Plane crash in the foothills. I can see the plane in the hills from my front yard.
 Wish I could get my pre-baby skinnies back by sitting around & eating but it's looking like I actually have to work out. Come back skinnies!
  what are some of the better local tea houses that you would rec? I know you've tried quite a few.
 I could stare at my sweet baby girl all day long. She's so innocent and beautiful. Being a mom is simply amazing.
 RT  QUICK! Turn to the person next to you and say, "You should like The Pasta Bar's fan page on Facebook!"
 Dog is killin me. She wakes baby up every a.m. at 6:00 with her floppy ear shaking. She's about to be banished to sleeping in another room.
  TG is almost as funny as you.
 Poor baby had her 2 month shots today. Made me cry when she turned bright red and started screaming in pain. Not fun for me or her!
  I'd be all over that myself, but not everyone drinks.
  I feel that way too but I don't want it to be sweets since there's a dessert bar. What could I do thats not full of sugar?
 whats a good favor for a baby shower? No sweets because we're offering a huge dessert bar at the shower and it would be overkill.
 It's national pie day? Mmmm pie! I love pie.
 Can't believe my baby is already 2 months old.
  lol. That's funny.
  awesome. I'll check your site when I get home and get on that!
  hey there! Thinking of doing pushcakes for a babyshower. Is it possible to order a few flavors to try & have you ship to me?
 My Mercedes is officially gone. Driving home in a brand new explorer.
  yay!
 Planning a baby shower. If you have any must have, adorable ideas send em my way!
  congrats to you. Tomorrow should be a beautiful day to get married!
 Does anyone know of a place that does churros for parties?
  yeah let me know cause I'm gonna go do a fabric run this afternoon and we might need supplies from dads work or j's work.
  he's not even 28 yet! You're rushin the dude! My 30th is on thanksgiving. Effed up! J wants Cilantros taco truck for his.
 Trying to come up with ideas for the husbands 30th bday party.
  happy wedding week!
  wow. Wish I'd known about that recipe a few months ago.
 Help us get 100 fans on  &we'll  a   stand 
  stand on  Perfect for an  party. Can be personalized w/ a last name. Only 1 available! 
 Planning a  shower? This  stand is on   Hurry! There's only 1! Will ship this week.
  so cute!
 check out these  stands! 
 Working on ideas for a magic themed  stand.
  the new explorer xlt
 Wasted a whole day yesterday buying a new car. Spent the night returning new car cause the salesman lied to us about it. Back to square 1.
 I'm so hungry but the baby has been asleep on my stomach for 2 hrs & she's so sweet & peaceful, I just can't move her. So I sit & starve...
 Off to get paint samples and then to the car dealership.
  that  had a great game!
 At the  game.
 Anyone have a ford explorer? looked at the 2011 & am deciding between that & a GMC Acadia. Looking for personal experiences w/ either 1.
 Date night tonight. Dinner and the  game. Nana's watching the baby.
  he's horrible!
 Neighbor is learning to play the drums. FML.
 In need of a  stand? Check out our facebook page 
 RT & help us get some facebook fans. We will be doing some  once we reach a certain number of fans. 
  I don't think they do. They really should bring them back.
 RT & help us get some facebook fans. We'll be doing some giveaways once we reach a certain number of fans. 
  omg! I bought some for my brother a couple months ago & was so stoked. Got home & was pissed to find out they were koolaid.
  check out our cupcake stands!
  Thanks!
 Help us get some  fans and "like" our page. 
 We finally made a  page.  Check it out!  stands
