 Getting all this  stuff straight can be frustrating. Need help connecting  w/ ur gadgets? 
 Have you joined our Facebook page yet? We review movies and keep you up-to-date.The discussions are great too! 
 Hey mom and dad,  is kid-friendly and road-trip approved. Check out the video here →   
 Our VOD is chock full of the latest and greatest movies! Watch them all from the comfort of your own home.  
 Why Hello 2011. If it’s the year you decide to get the best internet and digital TV, then check out this deal:  
 Taking the time to recover today? How about a Movie On Demand? I suggest “The Town”.  
 If you have to make a resolution, how about leaving crappy internet behind and switching to the best?!!  
 Happy New Year! “Year's end is neither an end nor a beginning but a going on, w/all the wisdom that experience can instill in us.” 
 Last chance y’all. Switch to Paperless billing, save trees, maybe win $10k. Entry ends today!  
  is working hard to bring you the latest and greatest in  Peek behind the scenes in our lab.  
 Don’t miss the ball drop while you’re out on the town. Use our Mobile DVR manager!  
 Hey, did you know you now have access to your favorite TV shows online? Oh yea, you do with  
 Anyone used this? New site Crowdsources Shopping Advice from Your Friends (w/Facebook).  (via  
 Just in case you missed something this year. Get your Learn on with  The Best of 2010. 
 Say good-bye to 2010, and to a decade. One that started with dial-up and is ending with 
 It’s cold out! Get all bundled up with  TV+Internet+Phone. And for only $89.00.  
 Partying Tonight? Be the Star of the   with these 4 apps.  ( 
 The Top 10 most viewed stories on the NYTimes    
  the year that Steven Slater said enuf is enuf-- "take this job and shove it."   
 Nice! RT  Guess what Santa left under the tree for existing  customers? Free premiere movie channels! 
 And if you ever have  questions, hit up me or  We love our Hollywood and Off-Hollywood! 
 Just watched "Salt".  Bad reviews, but actually good action flick. Jolie looking too skinny. Love Schreiber!   
 I finally used this  on my  profile. Totally easy to use.  Thanks Schweppes  
 I'm blushing a bit! I was just re-tweeted by  Go Skins! Very awesome use of  
  Kick-Off  to Reward Loyal Fans. At least they are moving forward in  strategy! Go Skins!  
 Wow.  fail on 6 Tweets. Like this one:Short Stunningly beautiful time-lapse  of the Milky Way over Tahoe. 
 Wow! This VIDEO of the  is so beautiful and well done! Applause! Needs more views!   
  That's real nice! Glad to hear it!
 10 of the Best (and Worst) Redesigns of 2010-- from Fast Co. Design     
 Check out the leaked Kanye West video for Monster, before it's gone.  via . 
 Never miss your favorite shows. We’ve got you covered w/ the Mobile DVR Manager. All you need is  and a phone. 
 The tubes were meant to be blazed! That’s why  offers blistering fast internet speeds. Check it out: 
 ONE more day to enter the Paperless Billing Sweepstakes. Are you feeling lucky?   
 Have you joined our Facebook page yet? We review movies, post news, and there is good discussion. 
 Have questions about   A whole community of customers and reps can help. Just visit: 
  Because kittens make us smile.   
 Good Insights, easy read. RT  | 10 Great Tech Triumphs Of 2010: The iPad, iPhone 4, Wikileaks, Android...  
 The  Triple Play. Meet it. Love it. Save money on it—a $480 savings in fact.    
  Wow! You have quite an amazing voice! Great cover of Mad World.  Thanks for sharing!
 Do you do THIS when you look in the mirror? Adorable kitten moment! (short video)   
 "Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps" is now On Demand! Did you know the title comes from a line in the 1st flick?  
 Leave the couch. Take the movie. Stay entertained!   let’s you do it all!  
 Hey  Let me know if you have questions about  and here is a great deal we have right now:  =]
 Great 2010 Flashback Post, aggregating  most pop. Social Media posts of the year.    
 No more Papercuts. Even more Painless? Winning $10,000 for switching to Paperless Billing.  
  not available yet? Don’t be  HSI deal is incredible! SHOWTIME & Starz FREE for 3 months plus a router! 
 Queue up the video at 22sec to get a glimpse at     
 Hook up your new Facebook profile with this handy app from Schweppes.   
 You got the gift. Now it’s time to install it w/ the  If you need help, we have tutorials.  
  I loved "Inception."! Just watched it again. Do you think the end is real, or a dream?
 “The Town,” my fav. movie of 2010! I can watch it on my phone, 24/7! BC I like my Affleck w/ a side of Hamm!  
  Congratulations on the switch to   If you have question on ur connection, this might be a help: 
  I've only been to one! RT  Where will u visit in 2011? World's top destinations -  
   changes the way we travel & stay entertained during those long flights & layovers   
  Wow. You're quite the fisherman! Lunch wasn't even on Verizon, hon. =] 
 My fav. find of the day: What's Your State Good At? Very cool Infographic!     
 Did your sweetie forget to give you  for Christmas? We still have our  Triple play deal for LTO!  
  No Problem!
 Santa bring you shiny new electronics over the holidays? Learn how to hook ‘em up with your FiOS and you’re all set! 
 Say cheers to the totally fun New Year's Eve app. (from . via . 
 Almost everyday I find/report a spammer on Twitter. What are they here for? How does sending out a spam link benefit them?  
  I'm not tech support by the way. I'm a helper bee. =]
  New Jersey! Very awesome 38 sec. Timelapse Video of the   
  Did you check the Verizon Community Forums? Here is that link again:  You can start a topic on that! 
  Hehe. Only thing I can confirm is a pizza headed my way...
 Hey, contest ends soon. Don’t lose the chance to win $10k for going green and paperless.  
 Ooo. Made me Hungry. Papa John's Serves Up iPhone App.     
 Wow! I want! RT  We'll give you a FREE $5  gift card just for saying Hi at our Columbia Mall Verizon  kiosk!
 I LOVE info displayed in images. 19 of the Best Infographics from 2010 (via . 
 Really loving all the 2010 flashbacks being posted. Trends, videos, Hits. Keep 'em coming! 
 Having a  kind of day.  The Year in Review: Most watched.  EXCELLENT interface.  
 RT  Guess what Santa left under the tree for existing  customers? Free premiere movie channels! 
 Got some Christmas $$$ burning a whole in your pocket? Make a good investment w/   
 Is it me? Or does this cat look miserable? Cat on Trampoline, short  
 Fun mashup for 2010. Best Pops Songs of 2010 (video).  
 Hey Peeps! Tell me your best Xmas gift!! Anyone get  from Santa?   
 Don't miss you favorite shows while on the road!  The TV won't fit in the car? But   will! 
 10 Craziest Solar-Powered Gadgets (left off my Xmas list-whoops)     
 We’re working hard in the  labs to give you everything you need! Check us out here:  
 Merry Christmas lovely Tweeters! My best to you and your friends and family!  
 Family  Tradition. 1) Lots of food 2) One gift each tonight. 3) Movie time. We’re picking something from: 
 You got the gift. Now it’s time to install it w/ the  If you need help, we have free tutorials.   
 We love the activity on our Facebook page and we love hearing from you! Go on, we want your two cents!  
 5 Predictions For Public Relations Industry in 2011:   via     
 Are you as big a movie fan as ME? Then you will love being able to order and store movies using  Check it: 
 Keep track of  Journey around the world. It will give you time to put out the cookies and milk!   
  Hey, check  for   tutorials on hooking up gadgets w/ Good Luck! Also: 
 Did you forget to ask Santa for  <Gasp!> Still time to get in on our great holiday deal..    
 Thurs. night football is sweet! Even sweeter on  Tonight’s game is the Panthers vs. Steelers. Watch on Channels 88 (SD) and 588 (HD)
 . Excellent compilation of Top Posts in 2010.  via   
 Even the Grinch is jealous of   Keep the kids entertained with dozens of road-trip movies.   
 I want the human lamp. 10 Craziest Human-Shaped Pieces of Furniture.    
  Will you buy me this Crazy Human Shaped lamp for my bday?Plz. Plz!      =]
  Agreed.
  Great content. Thx. RT: le Journal is out!  ▸ Top stories today by   
 The Best Viral Videos of 2010.  via    
 Pretty persuasive article on how  give your family the internet speed they need.    
  Hey, I'm online now. What's going on?
 It's that time of year! 22 Social Media Marking Trend for 2011.      
 Anyone else using? RT  The new   iPad app is awesome!!!!!!!!   
 I’m gonna point you to a   deal. $480 savings, Free multi-room DVR. The Triple Play.  
 Thanks  Those are great choices! RT: The 10 Best Vimeo  of 2010.    
  Did you see the YouTube videos of the Gap reindeer?  Would you consider that a lot of views?
 But you can't get a Swarm w/Places! Facebook Advertises in Times Sq. NY Eve Ball Drop Promotional.    
 RT  Verizon  subscribers can now use Apple  as a TV remote - FierceTelecom     
 In 2011, even more ppl will realize the power of  and use its awesome  service.   =]
 I've seen all but 2 (legally, that is). Most Pirated Movies of 2010.     
 5 Crowdsourced Trends to Watch in 2011.     
 Lots of Holiday Roadtrips! No worries, take your entertainment along for the ride! You’ll never be bored w/  
 Younger People Using Email Less- from  
 Check out  Spotlight for new  every week! Don’t miss a thing!    
 Antoine Dodson's "Chimney Intruder" on George Lopez show could have been Great. It's odd, funny, and hohohohum.  
  not available yet? Don’t be  Our HSI deal is incredible! SHOWTIME & Starz FREE for 3months plus a router! 
 The Gift of Giving. 14 Great, Global Ideas for Charity, from $3-$39k.    
 Just found this VERY COOL Website and MUST HAVE stuff featured on it. Trend Hunter--Enjoy.    
 Have questions about   A whole community of customers and reps can help. Just visit: 
 Running out of great Christmas gift ideas? Here's one from   (Free DVR for 1yr. & no term contract) 
   changes the way we travel & stay entertained during those long flights & layovers   
 RT  RT  New Global Motorcycle Tours       ...
 Youtube creates a "watch later" option for embedded videos. Excellent!  (via 
 I missed the full lunar eclipse last night. But this guy didn't and he even made a Video of it:   
 Scott Pilgrim Vs. The World. Totally fun, genius movie. I watched it on my laptop w/   
  owners FYI  has a Facebook Page. Check it out for tips & great discussion: 
  tweets proof Domestic Violence class completed.  Next he tweets "men learn from there mistakes" Typo!
  is working hard to bring you the latest & greatest in  Peek behind the scenes in our lab.   
 Laptops, Desktops, Blu-rays, 3-D TV’s. All great gifts. Confused how to connect them w/ your  Here’s  help: 
 Brkfst. I want cookies. 10 Craziest, Cool, Homemade Cookies. Can you top them?    
 A look at How Much Commuting Actually Costs in Cities. Several discussions in the comments.  (via 
  loves you back. ^_^ RT  First tweet from tv i love fios
  I'm not sure what the prob. is, but maybe he can get help here.  Hang in there! 
 RT   Already Getting Almost One Photo Upload Per Second by   RT  
 Anyone out there used the new Foursquare? Check out the great features!      
 Do you, like me, also wait until the last minute to shop? And do it online? Here's a great gift idea from  
 Never miss your favorite shows. We’ve got you covered w/ the Mobile DVR Manager. All you need is  and a phone. 
 Have you become a Fan of FiOS on our Facebook page? We post news and features and host discussions daily! 
 So, if your microwave catches on fire, whatever you do, don't do this...  
 Save $60 on  the first 6 months and enjoy a free router. We’ll throw in the multi-room DVR too!  
  Too cute! I want to see a video of these creatures: 
 Pablo Escobar had a Hippo named Pepe. That's weird, but even weirder: 12 Things Found in Pepe's Stomach.  
 Ha ha, I called it last week. MUST WATCH: SNL skit of similarities btw. Zuckerberg & Assange--Person of The Year.  
 It’s easy being Green! And you might win $10,000 for your earth-friendly habits. Contest ends SOON.  
 Coolest Marching Band Performance, EVER! (Unless you have one to share) 
 Cold, snowy days! Get cozy and pick a good movie to watch with the family. Don’t forget the popcorn.  
 Ok, last min. shoppers. Avoid the malls and get this  deal! $60 savings & free wireless router included.   
 Hello world! Let’s get started this morning started with a deal. Here’s a great one from  .   
 “The Book of Eli,” premieres tonight on HBO. I’m a big fan of both Denzel Washington and Gary Oldman. Pretty good flick too, Enjoy! 
 I'm really excited to see the new changes to Foursquare and just in time for the new android I'm getting! j.mp/enPeVF    
 Incase you missed the    of the week, here is a recap.  
  not available in your area? Try the  deal. And I do mean deal! Check it out:   
 I don’t have to fight anymore with my roommate over the remote control. I can watch my shows ONLINE w/   
  baby! Frugal  Double up with Internet + TV. No Contract and a Free Multi-Room DVR. 
 Look down, back up. Look down, back at me: Do you have  yet? Anything is possible w/ a connection like  
 Your questions answered, about  the service reinventing entertainment.  
 That's right! RT  Rule your social networks w/ the nation's best fiber-optic network, from Verizon   ^BK
  Well done and welcome to   There are a bunch of us here, if you have ?'s.    
 Thanks for the  and back to you!  Stay in touch with me! ^_^
 Hey  contact  and let them know what's going on w/ your DVR. Let me know when your problem is resolved. Thx! ^_^
 Will you “Like” us on our Facebook page? We’d Love it if you did! Lots of tips and topics:  
 Thinking about getting some fun new tech stuff for Xmas? Here’s some  hook-up tips.     
 Thanks for great  tweet! RT  I'm using my phone as a remote control for my tv BECAUSE SOMETIMES THE FUTURE IS AWESOME.
 Does your cable ever do this? Could be a warning sign!  A  ad I had never seen before, very cute.  
 Good Morning! Just found a great article in E-How for setting your  Mobile DVR : Also see: 
 Sweet. And I'm due for a new phone at Xmas. New Version of Foursquare to Arrive Next Week.  (via   
 Perfect on  RT  watching  (again)... Probably till 8:30 or so. Thanks   Luv this Freakin' movie!!!
 SO AWESOME! YAY! RT:  I was picked to host a  Game Day Viewing Party!!! Can't wait for the big game on  TV!!!
 Are you a  fan? And a  fan to boot? Check out "50 Years of Typography in Albums."  
   wins a  Innovation Award. Have you tried it yet? Read about the industry award!  
 Thurs. night football is sweet.  Catching it on the NFL Network w/   is even sweeter! Tune in on Ch. 88 (SD) and 588 (HD)
 Are you a Gadget  Do you drink  Do you Drive in a  Answer yes to any of those ?'s and you need this: 
 Sweet! Thanks for the mention! Good articles in it! RT:  The  Daily is out! 
 Looking for something to do on a snowy day? Anyone ever used PummelVision? Pretty cool so far!    
  Yeah, that is weird. I will give it a try next time I have buffering problems w/Vimeo. Cool tip to try! Thx!
 Thanks for the mention  and 
 Do you like Thrillers, Chillers and Horror?  added great genres to  lineup this week, w/ Anime and also Fearnet. 
 FTW! Put me on the list for two! =0 J/k. But CONGRATS! RT  "I've been chosen to host a Verizon Fios Super Bowl House Party!!
 SHOWTIME & Starz FREE for 3 months, plus FREE router. Get the entertainment you deserve w/ the  3xplay!  
 Ok Twitter Friends...who is getting the snow? And who is getting a deserved day off? Whatcha gonna do with it? 
 Trying to hook up those cool gadgets that you got for your sweetie with some  This will help:  
  owners need to know:  now has a Facebook Page. Check it out for tips & great discussion:  
  Well enjoy. Lord knows, 14 years ago, I didn't imagine we would have such bliss available. ^.^ 
  Have you see this guy's speed test? Sick. Amazing. And yes, I'm very jealous.  
  Oh. I just looked at them. What should it be? I've never seen DC Universe speed test--only Speedtest
  Holy Crow, yeah fast speeds. Glad to hear you got a deal you deserve!
  Ouch, so sorry sweetie. Fingers crossed that it gets to you soon, but I don't have that kind of info. Just wanted to help. ^_^
  If you have any questions let me know. We have some  deals to make it sweet! ^_^ 
  Thanks for the  shout-out! It does rock and so do you! ^_^
  Hey, if you do decide to go with  well, we would love to have you and here is a great online deal. 
  I've found that Vimeo videos buffer at slower rate--on any internet-- I use Vimeo a lot! Let video load first, then watch.
 Customer compares Verizon FiOS 150/35 Internet to competitor. Guess who wins? Watch the video. You'll love it. 
 Palm of your hand, meet  Home of your new movie collection. 
 Only 10 days until Xmas. Do you also wait until the last minute to shop? Here's a great gift idea from  
  ends soon. Now is your chance to help Save the Planet and Win 10,000 for switching to Paperless Billing.  
 "We get into the habit of living before acquiring the habit of thinking." Albert Camus--found on  website.
 The newest, greatest way to start and store an awesome movie collection.  
  Hey, that's a good question. Looked into it for you, here is what I found about tivo and  
 In honor of   day: VIDEO: The trials of a cupcake. 
  We should all work to give her that gift! Very sweet, smart child! 
 The Foursquare Door guys might sell DIY kits. Unlock the door with a check-in.       ( 
 Morning Tweeters! Get a free wireless router and no obligations when you sign up for this   deal 
 Decisions. Decisions. “The A-Team” or “The American”?  Love me some Clooney though! 
 Most favorite website I've found today!   
 There is No Plan B. Check out "The A-Team" 2010, premiering tonight on Video On Demand. 
 A  classic with Jim Carrey. Disney's “A Christmas Carol” on  Tonight! 
 Ha ha ha.Sure thing. RT  Is this one cooler?!  Please RT if you smile. Merry Xmas.
 Next time you think about getting a tattoo w/ your best friend, look to these Couples for inspiration!   
 For traveling bacon fanatics: Bacon Happy Hour in Baltimore, MD.    
 What’s better than a  Triple Play for $89.99/month + Free multi-room DVR for 6 months? No contract! 
 "Social Media is one of the best things to happen to Professional Travel Advisers"....And travelers!   
 Just pick up a new gaming console, computer, TV or device for the  We will help you get it connected:  
 Also follow:        
 Customer compares Verizon  150/35 Internet to competitor. Guess who wins? Watch the video.   
 RT  The 50 Most Influential  Related Companies Online   
 Oh, I wish we had this much snow. Inspired now! 15 Coolest Snowmen!     
 The Dali Museum, def.! RT   "What is a must when visiting one of the most romantic cities in the world, Paris! 
 I've been to every state in the U.S., minus Alaska. Italy, Germany, France, Netherlands also. Dream place: Egypt. And YOU? 
 So happy to find  Learning tips and meeting peeps.
 Remember guys.....stay out of the doghouse this Christmas. LOL. Remember this video: 
 No Contract. No phone. Free wireless router. $60 savings. 
 Thx. Very helpful/important! RT  Top Twelve Fruits & Veggies to Buy Organic   
 RT  Bob Mudge, chief operating officer at Verizon Communications Inc., talks about offering cable, Internet, telephone.. ...
 Forget scratched, stolen, or lost DVD’s. Heck, forget DVD’s all-together—and couches. Introducing  
 You’ve got that fancy new Blu-Ray player. Need help connecting it with your  
 12 days until Christmas! Keep the kids busy while you sneak off to wrap presents.  
 Can’t believe it is already the  finale! Who’s tuning into tonight? And who’s watching on the best network: 
 Get cozy and pick a good movie to watch with the family. Don’t forget the popcorn.  
 What’s an HD TV or a smart phone without the perfect service? Pair your gifts with  this holiday. 
 Just pick up a new gaming console, computer, TV or device for the  We will help you get it connected:  
 Keep ahead of the curve. Start your movie collection using  Scratched DVD’s never again.   
 Anyone watching on  "She’s Out of My League" premieres tonight on Cinemax. Rolling Stone called it "A Rowdy Blast."
 You won’t feel so bad about giving yourself a  deal if you save $$$ on it? Well, meet your gift!  
  not available in your area? Try the HSI deal. And I mean deal, w/$700 savings if you order online!  
 All this talk about  Still curious WHAT it is? Take a look at the perfect travel companion! 
 Brush up on the Harry Potter movies before catching    magic for muggles!  
 Look down. Back Up. Notice that P&G has shifted marketing strategy, from soap operas to social media?  via 
 Got Football? On Feb. 6th, will you have  goodies for your Big Game Party?  
  I'm all out of bubblegum too!  =]
 What  strategist DOESN'T want to work for Cirque de Soleil?    
 Insightful! RT  business owners beware: how to avoid Groupon nightmares, but maximize the upside 
  Rock On! As a video maker, that is music to my ears! RT: Almost 30 mins for a file over a gig. That's what I'm talkin' about, 
  having problems w/ bad cable is nothing new. Switch to the fastest network for a new solution!  
  MysteryGuitarMan! How did I live without knowing about him. Thanks to YOU for tip!
 OMG, Two shopping weeks left! Here is a gift the whole family can enjoy! Includes free multi-room DVR.   
 Grab pigskin, turn on   Missing the snacks? Well, don’t miss a chance to win a Game Day Party from  
 “Shutter Island”: Brilliant, Suspenseful, Worth Seeing Many Times. Watch it anywhere, on any device, with  
 Hey  are you sick of your cable and TV service? You Deserve Better, You Deserve   
 The 2nd half of the season means Thurs. night games on NFL Network! Check out your fav. teams with  on Ch. 88 (SD) and 588 (HD).
 Your TV Shows can go anywhere you go. Living rooms and couches are so 2009. Check out what  can do. 
 Just pick up a new gaming console, computer, TV or device for the  We will help you get it connected:  
 SHOWTIME & Starz FREE for 3 months, plus FREE router. Get the entertainment you deserve w/ the  3xplay!  
 Over the last four years, Verizon has awarded $21 million to nonprofits that support victims of domestic violence. 
 Tweeter, want you to know Verizon participates in It’s Time To Talk Day, a national convo on domestic violence.   
 I LOVE Forest Whitaker. “Repo Man” was a good action movie. Watched it on my laptop w/   
 Verizon Wireless customers can dial  to be connected for free to the National Domestic Violence Hotline.  
 The newest, greatest way to start and store an awesome movie collection.  
 Save Paper, Win Paper! Sign up for paperless billing at  and you might win $10,000!   
  article has interesting comments. RT: Where were you 30 years ago? Share your memories.  
 Verizon is taking part in It’s Time To Talk Day, a national conversation on domestic violence.   
 Look at me; I’m on a boat. Look at me, yes now I’m on a horse. With  watching movies anywhere is possible. 
 Have you seen "Inception" yet? Brilliant movie! Today is your chance; it releases On Demand, channel 288.   
 Frugal  Double up with Internet + TV. No Contract and a Free Multi-Room DVR. 
 Get a free wireless router and a multi-room DVR for 3 months when you sign up for this sweet  deal 
 I don’t have to fight anymore with my roommate over the remote control. I can watch my shows ONLINE w/  
  Ha! You ARE awesome! Just checked out your website. Great production and content.
 Look down, back up. Look down, back at me: Do you have  yet? Anything is possible w/ a connection like  
 Good Morning from VZ Social. Speaking of social, have you joined us on our Facebook page?   
 Hey,  I’m around if you have questions about switching your cable/tv. Lots of great deals with   
 Get a free wireless router and a multi-room DVR for 3 months when you sign up for this sweet  deal 
 Forget scratched, lost DVD’s. Heck, forget the DVD player altogether--and the couch.  
 Hello world! Let’s get started this morning started with a deal. Here’s a great one from   
 I like the way the new Facebook looks. For a sneak peek, check out 60 mins. 
 Hard to believe Mom grew up in a world where people watched fuzzy TV, in a living room. I’m in bed watching   
 Look at me; I’m on a boat. Look at me, yes now I’m on a horse. With  watching movies anywhere is possible. 
 Got Football? On Feb. 6th, will you have  goodies for your Big Game Party?
 Hello  if you want to know more about  there is a great resource:  =]
  Ah, making an internet decision! Here is one of the great deals w/    If you have ?'s, let me know!
 Here’s a crime to solve. Too many good movies on tonight! I’ll go w/Sherlock Holmes premiere on  tonight! 
 Just brushed up on my Harry Potter movies before catching Deathly Hallows.   is magic for muggles!  
 The Vampire romance of a lifetime, and even longer. The Twilight Saga: Eclipse now on Demand.  
 The BIG Game Day viewing party. Apply today and get some free goodies for the party you’re already gonna throw!  
 Indeed, fun for the times. RT  FUN! [Cartoon] Jesus and Twitter  RT  
 Ugh! Makes me skin crawl! I am def. scared to shop at Juicy Couture since their bed bug invasion, even tho its Ok now.  
 "Content Plus Distribution is King". RT   New-media "neck in neck" in value with media giants. 
  Such a sweetie! Thanks for the RT! And for saving trees! =]
 You live in  a great city. But do you have  a great Internet? Check out our offers.  
 Save the Trees. Win Cash. Sign up for paperless billing at  and you could win $10,000!  
 Hey  are you sick of your cable and TV service? You Deserve Better, You Deserve   
 Your questions answered, about  the service reinventing entertainment.  
 Good Morning Tweeters and T.G.I.F.!!! Does the  stand for  Check out our best offer:   
 What could be better than a movie with  and  Watching Roman Holiday on my phone w/  
 To College and Beyond! Toy Story 3 now On Demand with  Grab the family! 
 Who are you rooting for?! Texans vs. Eagles  8 p.m.   has the game on NFL Network on channels 88 (SD) and 588 (HD)  
 OMG. Hilarious! RT  The best commercial for eyeglasses ever. Ever. I mean ever. 
 Buy a nice ottoman to keep your couch company because your movies are going on the road with you.  rocks! 
 You have an HD  You’ve got a Smart Phone. All you need now is    
  Heck yea! Let me know if you have questions. You deserve blistering fast internet speeds!
 Good intro. to the upgrades! RT  All this broadband speed, so now what? Verizon  150/35 mbps blog:  ^BK
  Let me know if you have any questions about  A good place to get some feedback is here: 
 Good Morning Tweeters. One day closer to the  VZ Social tips her coffee mug to YOU!  
 Your cable can go anywhere you go. Living rooms and couches are so 2009. Check out what  can do. 
 People contribute lots of great ideas in the Verizon Community. Join us and check it out today! 
 Look at me; I’m on a boat. Look at me, yes now I’m on a horse. With  watching movies anywhere is possible. 
 I know someone who wants (and deserves) those!  RT  Adidas  and  sneakers 
 America's Best getting even better, and fitter! Army Fighting Fat, Embracing Health Food & Fitness.  
 The newest, greatest way to start and store an awesome movie collection.  
 Frugal  Double up with Internet + TV. No Contract and a Free Movie Package! 
 Good Morning from VZ Social. Speaking of social, have you joined us on our Facebook page?  
 Forget scratched, lost DVD’s. Heck, forget the DVD player altogether--and the couch.  
  is reinventing entertainment and taking it where standard cable can’t. VIDEO:  
 Check out this gallery of men growing 'staches and raising $$ for prostate cancer.    
 The Gang Gets Wired: A  episode of Always Sunny in  Try out this deal:   
  not available in your area? Try the HSI deal. And I mean deal, w/$700 savings if you order online!  
  Thanks so much for the RT!
 What’s better than a  Triple Play for $89.99/month + Free multi-room DVR for 6 months? No contract! 
 Thanks for the mention!  Hope you had a great holiday!
 Good Morning Tweeters! Tell me about the great deals you scored on  or  What was your bestest one? 
 I’m wrapping up this long holiday weekend with a Video On Demand.  
 Existing  customers—we want you to get free premiere movie channels. So we’re making you this  deal. 
 Sing along…”And a DVR for every room.” One DVR for 3 TV’s. Your family will thank you.  
 Now serving! The last day for new and existing customers to get  deals! 
 Still a chance left to sign up for  and get this  deal. Free DVR.  
 Countdown is ON baby. One day left to get in on  deals.  
 Existing  customers—we want you to get free premiere movie channels. So we’re making you this  deal. 
 Feb. is coming fast.  and  will someone to football’s BIG game. It could be you! Enter now! 
 For  and  Verizon offers current customers a  movie package at discount.  
 Sweet, sweet relaxation. Watching my shows, in bed, ONLINE w/     
 Keep the kids entertained while you get the  deals. Meet  
 Love the deals? Hate the crowds? Add  to one of the many online  savings. 
 Happy  Tweeters. What’s on your most wanted list today?
 It ain’t over on  thanks to  
 For  and  Verizon offers current customers a  movie package at discount.  
 Keep your bags light on  with online deals, like this one from  
 Tonight at  8 p.m.  Bengals vs. Jets. It is gonna be rowdy around this house! Catch NFL Network on  SD (channel 88) and HD (588)
 Getting a  HD TV? Pair it with this  deal! Order now and get a free multi-room DVR. 
 “I’m too stuffed to do anything but watch Videos On Demand.” Gotcha covered: 
 Today, among many things, I give thanks for  a DVR, and a day off! 
 Enjoy the Feast...of Fury.  subscribers are invited to the Thanksgiving FREE  preview. 
 Happy Thanksgiving to all. Wishing you all the best and lots of relaxing. 
 Poetry: Hey  weather’s gettin chilly,  has flexibility & its thrifty. Switch over in a jiffy!  
 I think  might help me survive a long Thanksgiving. So glad there are lots of comedies available! 
 They're calling for flight delays. Watch the Runaways on ur laptop while you're waiting to clear the runway.  
 You wish you could have this  on  The World's Largest HDTV! I don't have room for it. LOL. 
  Girl, if you get yourself a  on  pair it w/a great  deal . And be safe out there!
 For  and  Verizon offers current customers a  movie package at discount.  
 Tweeters, we’re bringin you   deals all the way through  Stay Tuned!
 Hey  and   is kid-friendly and road-trip approved. Check out video:  
 I was curious how many songs the Beatles would sell their 1st week on iTunes!    
 Good Morning from VZ Social. Speaking of social, have you joined us on our Facebook page? Great place to get info. 
 Need some down time before the holidays kick into gear? The Expendables premieres today On Demand.  
 Saving the world one  box at a time. Amazing    
 Excellent! Support Local Business and you could earn $25.    
 Eat. Pray. Love. Ha! Sounds a bit like the holiday ahead! The movie premieres tonight on Demand.  
 Go Green, Win Green! Sign up for paperless billing at  and you could win $10,000! 
   Whine or Shine! RT: 86 yr old Columbia Sportswear CEO robbed. Last line in story cracks me up. 
 Beautiful video. High Speed Train Flies Through Station in Slow Motion.   
  news Mobile DVR manager helps me record shows on the go and in a pinch. 
 Anyone else catch the Cinemax premiere of Crazy Heart on Sat.? Jeff Bridges earned that Golden Globe.  
 Thanks to  I no longer feel like an ordinary mortal or couch potato. I watched Clash of the Titans on my DROID 
 Good Morning Tweeters! ‘Tis the season for savings! $480 savings to be exact. Best rate, order online:  
 Light My  RT  : Booyah!  grabs for Internet speed crown in new plan 
 Good Morning Tweeters! It's the start of an exciting week, with lots of Food, Shopping and Relaxation ahead!
 Get cozy and pick a good movie to watch with the family. Don’t forget the popcorn.  
 Game Day! Don’t forget to use the 'My Players' tab on   widget. Choose15 players to track this season! 
 Sunday’s are my favorite day of the week. Hope yours is fabulous!
 Pretty cool, I can watch Sex and the City, 1 or 2, on my phone, riding the train into the city.   
 Our Likes might be slow us down! RT  What’s Making Your Site Go Slow? Could Be The Like Button 
 "Alex is color-blind and trying to solve a rubik's cube," hilarious facebook status' seen here: 
 February is coming fast.  and  will send someone to the BIG GAME. Maybe YOU. Enter to win:  
 Get a free  TV movie package for 3 months and a free wireless router when you sign up for this sweet deal 
 Hey,  I’m around if you have questions about switching your cable/tv. Lots of great deals with   
 My couch was bummed that it didn't get to watch Iron Man 2 with me. It better get used to this.   
 Long Live the Web by Timothy Berners-Lee- The guy who invented the WWW & app. publishes in the future.(  
 I love  And their  version--Grouponicus.      
 I would like to see Lego HQ go this route. Or have they? 10 Buildings Shaped Like What They Sell.    
 Get a free TV movie package for 3 months and a  wireless router when you sign up for this sweet  deal 
   Well, it's niice to see  really utilize their application, other than a fun way to explore city. Have a great day!
  Is it the same line of text? Should be able to drag title screen entire length of timeline. If not, copy/paste each frame?
  Maybe this helps. 
  Yes, sometimes acceptance is all you can change about a situation. Great quote jsninja!
 RT  “Life can either be accepted or changed. If it is not accepted, it must be changed. If it cannot be changed, then it ...
 Def. not Christmas Card or photo album shots. 16 Hysterical Wedding Photos.    
 Save cash for the holidays and get ur cable/tv. Check out the Triple-play deal.  
 RT  We have three  games nominated for Game of the Year. Which game should win?   
 Yes, we have a country-sized mass of plastic debris in the North Pacific. This is what it's like to sail into it:  
 Finally. InCENTive RT  : Foursquare linking Safeway loyalty cards to refine brand loyalty  via 
 No more remote control battles. I can watch my shows ONLINE w/     
 For all the  and  Scan it, then eat it. QR Code Food Creations. 
 Happy Friday Tweeters! Silly boy loses $3,000 cash and homeless man finds and returns it all.    
 A Thanksgiving pie with, yes, bacon infused deliciousness.   
 We are complex! One Human Brain has more Switches Than All Computers on Earth.  
 Take your cable for an adventure. With  you can watch anywhere! On any device!   
  Congrats to you! Although I wish I had not seen the reminder!
 Did any of you participate in National Unfriend Day on Facebook? 
 Hey  meet the blistering fast internet that You Deserve. Let me know if I can help!    
 We've all been stuck at an airport. Watch the Runaways on ur laptop while you're waiting to clear the runway.  
 Save Paper, Win Paper! Sign up for paperless billing at  and you might win $10,000! 
 Morning Tweeters. I'm starting the day with strong coffee. And this made me chuckle- 16 Funniest People on 
  Ha! I have one on my Xmas list! RT: Why You Need to Upgrade Your Router This Holiday Season 
 Hey  are you sick of your cable and TV service? You Deserve Better, You Deserve   
 In a world where property is disappearing, this Mini House built on a Single Parking Space is brilliant.  (
 Scariest, but sweetest thing I've seen all day. Rare photos, baby elephant drives off crocodile attacking Mom. 
