 "We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." -Aristotle
 "If you're spending more money than you're taking in, you need to spend less of it." -John Boehner
 Thoughts on Sept 1  price increase? Who's gonna cancel & who doesn't mind?
 "Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time." - Jim Rohn
 "you like me?" 
 ‎"A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man" -Lana Turner
 What's your one splurge you don't want to get rid of?
 low-cost kitchen fun
 "If you would be wealthy, think of saving as well as getting." - Ben Franklin
 "Don't tell me where your priorities are. Show me where you spend your money and I'll tell you what they are." - James W. Frick
 work stress, anyone? 
 Happy 4th! How is your family saving money this weekend?
 It all adds up. 
 Do you deposit your checks in your bank or on your smart phone? Chase & USAA allow you to deposit checks from your phone. Simple, brilliant
 We partner with employers to make coaching even more affordable for you! 8 out of 10 employees are living paycheck to paycheck...are you?
 Google Shopper & ShopSavvy: great apps for iphones/droids that allow you to view $ list for the same product at various stores.
 Not the best idea to coupon the day before Easter, but we got $240 worth for $107. How'd you do this wk?
 One week away: the coupon workshop! Register here  via 
 Don't forget to register for "The Coupon Workshop - Networking Event! (March 30th)"  via 
 We are hiring! If you (or someone you know) is interested in a position as a financial coach, please email ansley
 Need some extra cash? While spring cleaning on this beautiful weekend, one of my favorite things come to mind: garage sale season!
 What's your biggest challenge with budgeting?
 Check out "The Coupon Workshop - Networking Event! (March 30th)"  via 
 We're excited to welcome back the AJC to our wkshops this spring! Everyone attending will receive a free Sunday paper filled with coupons!
 ‎"Money will buy you a pretty good dog, but it won’t buy the wag of his tail."
 NEW spring series info here: 
 Today we celebrate our 1 year anniversary!  We are so thankful for all of our clients, friends & family for the amazing support.
 We're excited to welcome 4 new clients this week! So much fun to see people getting motivated about organizing their cash flow!
 The more I study this, the more it's confirmed: how you manage your money trumps how much money you make.
 We're bringing the coupon workshop to MOMS Club of Lilburn tmr! If your group wants to save money w couponing or budgeting, let us know!
 "Money isn't the most important thing in life, but it's reasonably close to oxygen on the 'gotta have it' scale." -Zig Ziglar
 Planning coupon and budget workshops for Spring...and we'd love your feedback! Are lunch times or evenings better for y'all?
 Cyber Monday deal: $15 off monthly coaching fees when you sign up for ANY of our coaching plans! 
 "Beware of little expenses: a small leak will sink a great ship." -Benjamin Franklin
 ‎"A big part of financial freedom is having your heart and mind free from worry about the what-ifs of life." -Suze Orman
 did you know our budget coaching is affordable? and first appointments are free! more info on our pricing here: 
 "The reason why worry kills more people than work is that more people worry than work." -Robert Frost
 "Make no mistake, my friend, it takes more than money to make men rich." -A. P. Gouthey
 RT  Blake: A Dunn & Bradstreet study found that people spend 12-18% more when using credit cards than when using cash eating ...
 RT  RT  Nashville there are just 450 of the first 3,000 tix left  $9.97! Get them now: 
          
 Question: What company is believed to have started the first coupon way back in 1894?
 Be the first to answer the question correctly to our next tweet and you'll win two FREE tickets to our budgeting workshop in  tomorrow!
  personal finance:          
 RT  Ask the Readers: Could You Learn More about Frugality? (Chance to Win!) | Wise Bread 
          
 First fall event is just around the corner! Check out our early bird special here: 
  deals and pf!          
 Fall sponsor ads are due today!
 RT  Publix trip today:) $278.26 worth of groceries, paid $53.78.
          
 So excited to welcome our newest fall workshop sponsor: 
 We only have a couple spots left for fall sponsorship! Love how it's all coming together:) If you are still considering, ads are due wed!
 What's your biggest financial challenge with your spouse?  Budgeting together? You're a spender, he/she isn't?
 fall is just around the corner:) 
  friends!        
 RT  How and Why You Should Cultivate Mistakes  
 RT  Metlife study says Gen Y faces debt, job woes with upbeat spirits:  (on wealthmanagerweb.com) Via 
  thanks for coming!
 Attn biz owners!  We've got amazing (& affordable) sponsorship slots available for our Fall workshop series.  Act fast...Sign up ends 9/3!
 Last coupon wkshop of the summer is this Wed, Aug 25th at 6 pm. Dinner/childcare included! Use coupon code: happyfriday for half off today!
  I'd love to do some in Hall; have 4 scheduled in Gwinnett already...I'll call you:)
 Truffleluscious: my new favorite treat! Coupon here: 
 Man to Live Off Coupons for One Year 
 Free school supplies to children in need: 
  friends, don't miss our last  workshop of the summer on Aug. 25th, sign up now! 
  barcode scanner, Save Benjis, Expense2Go, and Paypal are great ones.  For ING users, they have a great new app, too!
 If you complain about money, and don't coupon...you should:) RT  $162 worth of groceries for $40. Love Publix.
          
  i think cash is the hardest for non-profits to find, but time and talent is SO valuable.
  you can always call the BBB or your local chamber of commerce.  I like asking for referrals of people who've donated in the past
 Meet our amazing realtor sponsor for the summers series:   Blog post here: 
 Check out these 5 iPhone apps that save you money: 
 RT  7 Ways to Cut Your Food Bill Without Clipping a Single Coupon 
  loves these guys!       
 Costco new membership deal - FREE $10 Cash card - good through Sunday! Get it here: 
 Discussion: What's your favorite cheap meal to make? How much does it cost to make for a family of 4 - 5? Got a link to the recipe?
 RT  Ask the Readers: Best Purchase of Your Life? (Chance to win $100)  
 Want a chance to win a Nikon D90 camera? Follow  and learn how to win one in August!
 50 Healthy Food under $1 a pound, great article from  : 
  friends, now is the best time to buy a laptop if you're looking for one.  A lot of great back-to-school deals!
  awesomeness:          
 Small Publix trip...got $83 worth for $19. Fun:)
  see you tonight, it should be a good time!
 RT  Quick Giveaway For My Atlanta Folks – The Budget Author Workshop via I Heart Publix - 
 RT  Quick Giveaway For My Atlanta Folks – The Budget Author Workshop via I Heart Publix - Here is another ...  ...
 If you have a child in size 4 diapers, and you want some for free (and are local) please let us know!
 July 15th Coupon and Network workshop, don't miss it! PLEASE RT for chance to win $10 iTunes card! 
 iTunes Gift Card GIVEAWAY! Re-tweet the message posted directly after this for a chance to win a FREE $10 iTunes gift card!
  money friends:         
 Coupon for 2 free hours of on-call nanny service! Check out one of our favorite businesses here: 
 Summer Savings Tip: For each degree you increase your A/C thermostat, you save up to 3% in electricity and cash!
  thanks I will!
 Love salads and wraps? Check out one of our awesome sponsors and get $3 off on your next visit!  
 Huge thanks! :) RT  Entrepreneur Spotlight: Financial Coach, Ansley Sebring And The Budget Author 
  great people!       
 What's your favorite couponing website?
 Don't forget about our next coupon workshop on June 30th!  Food and childcare provided! 
 Savings Tip: sign up for just the Sunday paper delivery.  It'll be cheaper than buying it every week and you'll get the 
 RT  Deals of the week and coupon-shopping at Publix, Kroger, CVS and Walgreens 
 RT  Happy Dad's Day weekend from Dave's team!  Start it out with this article about dads on daveramsey.com 
 money  friends:         
 Missed our last coupon workshop? no problem! There's another one June 30th, use coupon code: budget5 to get $5 off! 
  PF bloggers:           
 Need a financial coach to help you get your finances back on the right track?  read more about me here: 
 RT  Atlanta folks --don't forget to enter to win tickets to the Budget Author Coupon Workshop tickets: 
 June 15th coupon workshop/networking event: .  Costco & Truffleluscious are catering! yum.
 Check  for The Budget Author Coupon Workshop Giveaway! Details here: 
  thanks for the mention!
 Was excited for a day home alone to get work done. Halfway through, internet goes down. First coffee shop: packed. Second shop: loud. 
  Need to find out how to expedite my card reader - any suggestions?  Huge events this summer, and 1st one is less than 2 wks away.
 It's June!  June 15th coupon workshop/networking event: .   Costco & Truffleluscious are catering! yum.
 RT  How to: Track Cash Spending and Checks | MintLife Blog | Personal Finance News & Advice 
 Saved $97  today. Great deals on huggies, cokes, chicken, hotdogs & more. Yay.
 Co-pays: $80, Rx: $30, Chest xray: who knows.  Today, it's a good thing I save money on groceries.
 Finalizing details for coupon wkshp summer series. Closing sponsorship seats today & tickets will be available for purchase this wknd!
  We write budgets & help people w personal money mgmt. Also host coupon workshops, teaching simplified couponing!
  Thx for the  :)
 Only a couple sponsorship spaces left for this summer's coupon workshops! DM us if you need details or have questions. Excited & grateful.
 Looking for event space that'll hold 50-70 people in Gwinnett.  Please msg me w suggestions!
 Working  in L'ville on the square.  Fun (new!) tea shop w/ free wi-fi. Check 'em out!
 Terrible customer service experience w/   After returning a 2nd line, they are insisting on charging for that line for a month. Unreal.
 Had a blast speaking at Kiwanis South Hall today! Super fun group.
 Join Nike Aremu for an afternoon of launch, learn and laughter on May 15th  12 noon! 
 It's what you make of it!    
 Coupon success story from one of our clients! 
 Excited to speak today for EBEN at the 1818 Club!
 Fun times w/ ABWA! 
 It's what you make of it. 
 Cashier  says to the cashier checking me out: "Glad you got her this time!" hahahaha:) 
 the coupon workshop, Johns Creek, tomorrow night  pm. Few seats left! Register here: 
 It took months, but my 3 yr old finally saved enough for a new princess scooter. So proud!
 huge thanks to those that came out for the coupon workshop last night!
 just added some fun upcoming events to home page...check it! 
 the coupon wkshop, tomorrow 7 pm: 
 I was reminded today of another reason why I love Spring. 
 Excited to network w/  crew tonight!
 Garage sale blog post: 
 As a true non-morning person, I'm amazed at the work I was able to accomplish from 6-9 am on a Friday.  And we're talkin' pre-coffee. Woah.
 excited to network  tonight - after hours  stadium!
 Don't forget to go by Starbucks today!  Bring your own travel mug and they'll fill it for free.
 1 week, 1 day til 4/22 coupon wkshop!  3 tickets avail 1/2 off today: use coupon code: mardigras 
 RT  How long should you keep documents like bills, statements, tax returns, etc.?  We have the breakdown...
 Love hearing y'alls deals!  Post your latest here and brag on yourself!  
 Quick publix trip 4/6.  
 Mini-me :) 
 Next 2 people to register for John's Creek coupon workshop 4/29 get half off! Use: k3sf2U 
 Comcast installing lines in our neighborhood = webinars could be coming soon! :)
 The coupon wkshp 3/30 is very full!  If you're attending & haven't registered, pls let us know.  (Limited seating = understatement!)
 Excited about Wine, Women, and Wealth tonight!  There are only a few seats left for this amazing, free women's networking event!
 Latest Publix run.  $221 worth for $56 w/ no printables: 
 Hey Johns Creek fans!  The coupon workshop is coming to you April 29th! 
  so proud of you and your couponing brilliance. :)
 Check it!  $100 free Google AdWords for Small Businesses
 The Coupon Workshop! April 22nd booked for Snellville location! Register here: 
 My grocery bagger-guy tonight kept going on about how we saved over triple of what we spent. He must be new to Publix. Or couponing. :)
 Great biz new to L'ville:  
 RT  Trying to save money?  Get out of debt?  The budget author can help you!  Find out more... 
 Check it! Target offers mobile coupons: 
 We're on the move! Coupon wkshp Warner Robins area 4/8!  Register here:  
 Publix profit blog post: 
 Publix just paid me $4.03 cash for $191 worth of groceries.  Best night yet, and I picked up a couple wkshp clients in the checkout line! :)
 Rx transfer = free groceries! Got $124 worth for $37 at Kroger.  
 Coupon workshop was a huge success!  A big thank you to all of our fantastic attendees and supporters! :)
 24 hrs til coupon workshop!  Only have a few seats left...join the fun!  Register at thebudgetauthor.com :)
 Check these adorable organizers! 
 Publix trip tonight: $140 worth of groceries for $31. 
 We've got 4 FREE tickets to tonight's Gladiator's game...msg me if you want 'em! :)
 Coupon workshop tickets are selling & we have limited seating!  $5 off coupons are available - use coupon code "budget5" at checkout. :)
 I am officially crazy. Blogged photos of my Publix trip deals! 
 Check out our upcoming Coupon Workshop! 
 So excited! Site is live:) www.thebudgetauthor.com
 RT  Blake: How much is a trillion article DR just read on air.  
 Congrats, Susan Bowman...winner of this week's gladiator tickets!! :)
 We're giving away FREE Gwinnett Gladiator tickets today!  Sign up at www.thebudgetauthor.com for your chance to win!  Msg me for details! :)
 Great night at Kroger...$62 dollars worth of groceries for $18! :)
 Couponing workshops coming to Gwinnett soon!  Tell your friends and message me for details! :)
 Woah. "Penalty fees from credit cards will add up to about $20.5 billion in 2009..." (New York Times, Sept 09)
 RT  Free Download: Workout Mix 12 songs: Subway and the Biggest Loser are teaming up... 
