 Know what's totally sexy? Information architecture.
 For my northeastern friends, here's a sweet chilly image to cool you off, courtesy of the lovely  | 
  I like to blame the British for things like delicious lemon curd.
  Broken ankle? Sorry to read that. It seems like you were really training hard for your ride. I hope it heals quickly.
 What is up with people driving the wrong way on I-78? Two crashes today have closed down the interstate. Egads. | 
 Dear Tuesday- hold that thought. I'll be with you in a few hours. When I'm more...caffeinated. love, MsInfo
  Honestly, what I would give for an icy breeze right now.
  It must have petered out by the time it arrived here. Simp storm, sadly.
  Done and done. One love!
 Dear Mother Nature- Where in blazes is our Big Storm to chase the bad temperatures away? Also, why are you such a bitch? love, MsInfo
 RT  Americans: Glenn Beck is calling the camp at Utøya «Hitler jugend». Call him on it. This is the kind of hate speech tha ...
 Count Linkovitch is helping me clean the studio. And by that, I mean, he is getting into everything marked as "trash".
  Glenn Beck compares Utøya youth camp to Hitler Youth? What the eff? And why am I surprised anymore? Disgusting.
 I'm sourcing ways I can afford new equipment in this economy. I need to buy new so I can work smarter. Oh and by the way? 
 RT  Catholic funerals should have cheat sheets for non-Catholics.      
 Proving that attractive people can be just as murderously insane as any wild-eyed fanatic, making them deadlier. | 
  That's a trend-setter, right there.
 Your moment of zen: 
  Re marriage/nagging Hmmm. I don't think that's quite the same thing. But it's an interesting tactic.
 I'm all for marriage equality. I think the gay community should be nagged by *their* moms too. "When are you going to get married?!"
  Thanks. That doesn't surprise me, which is a sad statement in itself.
 Wow! Very exciting. According to the lovely  Prof. Brian Cox is going to be on The Colbert Report.
  True that, my friend.
  It seems that  is largely a sarcastic hashtag making the opposite point.
 RT  What a wonderful day to get married! Congratulations to everyone making the commitment to their beloveds in   ...
 Harrowing account by a Utoya survivor. / RT  At least 91 people killed in Norway bombing, shootings
  So good to see here if only momentarily. Rock on, babe.
 Sometimes one has to take a break and have some Taramasalata. Lehigh Valley -you're in luck-  : 
  Healthy perspective. I know this is crazy, but it's true. You haven't really made a mark until there is a divisive response.
  I need to grok more with the plus. Busy getting over sleep deprivation from a conference. We must catch up!
  There are idiots everywhere. So many of us absolutely adore you and value you. Rock on with yer bad self!
  Dude! Great to see you check in, even if you hate it. I hope that the Country Living is treating you well!
  As I warn everyone: I talk about a diversity of topics, including nail polish, hacktivism, skepticism, art, film and boys.
  I see what you did there. And I am completely charmed. Cheers!
  Thank you, sir. Both the lists I follow and the lists I'm on—I am not worthy of either.
  Sorry for the obtuseness. Here's the mental thread: Anaiis Nin > toys r us > babeland. [Too sassy?]
  I like your style, kiddo. Just saying.
  Ok then! I thought it was all "live in the moment" with all that this meant. ~ Also FYI- Babeland.
  You are so right! The lightning-speed exchange of facts prompts people to exclude reflection. Very bad.
  "i abandonded sartre for anaiis nin." Why? Existentialism isn't mutually exclusive with hot intellectual sex. Wot?
 Seriously- is ANY of this even remotely relevant? What the eff? — "Why would terrorists want to attack Norway?" | 
  Not Greenwald, but I see people trying to connect dots between international offensives and domestic violence. Grotesque!
  And your lawyers should be Italian. [my people]
  It's a shame if you are confined to this medium. [flicks Zippo lighter concert-style]
  I want you to know that I completely appreciated your tweet.
  Yes, thanks. I think what he was doing was informing about Norway's international violences, things people wouldn't know.
  True that, dude. True that.
 If there were any justice in life,  would live in my town.
 I'm horrified by this piece by  but Norway's participation on the world stage doesn't justify the carnage. | 
 My thoughts are with the people of Norway today ... 
 RT  Breaking: all trains from Oslo Airport suspended due to 'suspicious boxes' onboard. There may be explosives on Utøya ...
 Norwegian friends > RT  Norwegian authorities ask 'anyone with blood type 0' to report to nearest hospital to donate blood.
  I'd say that's pretty accurate. I'll be sure to encourage the extra effort.
  Patrick, so wonderful to see you at TAM. You always cause a stir. A gent I was talking to said, "Wow. Now that's a handsome guy."
  My pleasure! Keep doing that voodoo you do!
  I'm not gonna lie—I'm blushing a little but I like that!
  I'm going to go out on a limb here [heh] and guess that we have to be prepared for any circumstance.
  I agree completely!
 Follow  for updated information on the Norwegian situation as it unfolds.
 Oh my gosh- so awful! / RT  Norway Camp Shooting: 'As Many As 30 Dead' 
  Super fantastic link! Thanks. What's with  and the NASA Emergency Response guy with the rifle in the chopper?!
 A sub-contracting technician working at our complex logged me into his phone as "Donna Condo Boss". Excellent that.
 No longer "the greatest living realist painter" [as hailed by Robert Hughes], Lucian Freud is dead at 88. | nyt 
  The Fabulous Edition: Nick Espinosa  — Engineer of political theater. He will leave no deserving politician unglittered.
 Geologic Podcast  The TAM9 Edition – Vegas, baby! Geo's opening number and other stories. | photo by  
 RT  //////////////////////////////////////////////////////////<< Here is some grass for your horse 
 Dear  — I miss you, kiddo. Could you be my culinary soulmate? Might kidnap you and "whisk" you away to Spoleto. Gnocchi forevah!
 Interesting / RT  The PEN Is Mightier Than The Point And Shoot: Olympus Announces New M4/3 Line  by 
  Whoa wait— is driving [a Mini!] and  is navigating? The blue dot hates him!
  JESSE! [ahem] 
 "You can't pray away the gay—baby, I was born this way!" An attempted glittering at Bachmann clinic [ht  | 
 Dear Internet- As a devotee of House, thanks a bunch for clearing this up for me. love, MsInfo |
 RT  "There is something in the New York air that makes sleep useless"-Simone De Beauvoir
  Oh goodness- my poor, ill-attended blog. You are too kind! I'm so glad we made this connection. Best to you.
 Geologic Podcast  The TAM9 Edition – It's Vegas, baby! Plus other stuff. | photo courtesy  
  And let me just say that Beauty in the Universe is quite wonderful. Good luck to you, inc the bike ride. 
  If you'd like to continue discussing, you can reach me at donna at geologicrecords dot com and we can move on here.
  TAM was a good indication that people want to move past it. And everyone was very civilized and kind.
  With little exception, I haven't engaged about this.  Also, the event is long past but Oullette's post was interesting.
  The thing that is disturbing is the ensuing firestorm. I'm happy to say that none of this surfaced at TAM.
  Did you see the video? Her reaction was totally low-key. [Ironically it was after a talk about objectification.]
  The sad thing here is that I think we could have a very interesting conversation about this but this medium is inadequate.
  Re:demands We can't help but bring our own experiences to our perspective. I would guess you must have reason to think this.
  I'm not crazy about labels. "Feminist" has too much baggage at this point. I'd rather use "egalitarian".
  You'd contribute to the beauty in the universe if you spoke with more kindness. I'm sad this wasn't a real dialogue.
  Then I must be missing something. I'd like to know what you're objecting to and where the accusations are.
 RT  Skeptic History: July 21, 1925 John Scopes was fined $100 (overturned) for teaching evolution in TN. 
  You seem like a compassionate, reasonable fellow, so let me ask what you objected to in Ms. Oullette's post.
 Activism and issues and work and whatever ... Sometimes you just need a decent sandwich.
  Relax, honeychile. Seriously, it's not about that at all.
  1- It's about the over-reaction to Watson, not the "proposition". 2- Why do you care; you don't follow me. 3- Was it you?
 Yes. This! / RT  ElevatorGate,  and the chilly climate for women by  Read this. 
 The Amazing Maasai Ultra 2011 — A race to support girls' education in  Great post, great cause! [ht  | 
 You might want to follow  because they post the updates to their vlog and because  digs them, too.
  My pleasure! It's a great idea beautifully executed. I especially liked reading the press page. Best to you!
 RT  Given I'm a devout member of the Cult of Mac, and OS X Lion is released today, can I take today as a religious holiday?
  I see what you did there, sassafras.
  What's the problem with "embiggen"? [Maybe I should rephrase that as - what's the problem with some people?]
 Weekly, Alli and Jen ask the question: "Why are you on my train?" | great little vlog 
 Quite possibly a pioneer in well-propped equine fetish enthusiasts. | brickgrrl tumblr 
 Cheeky! / RT  I took this pic of  at  They should use it as promo for  
 RT  A properly functioning nation should be rife with protest. Actualized democracy is not absence of dissent, but absence  ...
  Dude. You're pretty quotable today.
  That's how I feel about "Hidalgo."
  "Brethren, pray for us ..." And I shudder to think that it might be a menage un ventriloque.
  Good grief, these are disturbing. Did you see the "Evangelist and Mrs. Bishop with Timmy" where Timmy was the least creepy?
 "Real political change is not achieved with slogans ... " [please to click for more] | a softer world 
 "We don't need a consitutional amendment" that would take years to pass. "What we need to do is our jobs." Indeed. | 
 RT  Cable news still running slo-mo pie-face/Wendi-leap video. It's like the clown-attack Zapruder film.
 What's more humiliating than being hit with a cream pie? Being hit with a SHAVING-cream pie.  | 
 RT  The questioning of Rebekah Brooks is not a grilling, more a warming before the fireside - wasted oppty 
 This just in! Quite excellent. / RT  We plan on making all  sessions available for free online in the weeks and months ahead.
 Contrary to my waking life, my sleeping self tries to lower the bar. I dreamed I bought a new toothbrush.
 I have to go off the grid a bit to recharge. Be well, kids!
  I know! I'm wistful already.
  NOW you tell me. That would have been a perfect re-entry to reality.
 Dear Lehigh Valley- Your taxi service is outstandingly horrible. Thanks for getting me home ONE HOUR after I called. love, Ms. Info
 Waiting to depart, I reflect on how inspired I am by my friends in the skeptic community. And how my sides hurt from laughing so much. 
 These two crazy persons? I love them rotten. ~   lighting up LAX. 
 Oh  –thank you for everything. You were, well, completely amazing. Thanks to the  for a superlative conference. Safe travels, all.
 One dissenter is a crazy person. Two are a conspiracy. Three are a movement. -Carol Tarvis 
  Very enjoyable indeed! Happy trails to you.
 Last day of  and gearing up here for all the goodbyes and exchange of coordinates. I love these people!
 Panel moderated by  = excellent. Saunders, Kovacs, Anders, McCreight, Trottier. Jedi masters of skeptical activism!
  I can't disagree but it is a work in progress. For example, the female % is very recent. Big jump in total delegates recent too.
 Something wonderful about  - there is a real age and demographic diversity. Plus, over 40% female. Significant!
 We miss you,  
 Adventures in Science Illiteracy. Charismatic badass Neil deGrasse Tyson takes the stage for keynote. 
  it's quite possible there will be film.
 Scientists raising their voices! Dude. This is lively! 
 Science rockSTARS on stage: Phil Plait, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Pamela Gay, Lawrence Krauss, Bill Nye. 
 Vegas, baby!
 Completely booked flights and no newsstand open at 5 am. ABE airport ... really? Wake up! However, I did escape a freedom pat.
 No sleep tonight, baby- packing for  last-minute work; directions for the care and feeding of Count Linkovitch; 6 am flight for Vegas.
 Geologic Podcast fans- sorry, there's no show this week. The Maestro and I are busy packing up and heading to  See you next week!
  It's not a conference if I don't see you. Can't wait!
  Please come up  nd say hello! Looking forward to meeting yer awesome self.
  Re: Google+ The Maestro and I both dig it  but we've had no time to grok with it, not with the TAM prep we've had to do.
 Home stretch for packing, list-making, buying treats for The Count who I am going to miss inconsolably... leaving for Vegas soon...
  Dude! The Maestro and I were just talking about htis! What a crazy thing! Thanks much. | 
 Can you  people refrain from doing anything wicked fun until I arrive tomorrow morning? Thank you. love, Ms Info.
 RT  TAM9 is so close my chakras are tingling.
 Oh, company and services bots. And social media webcocks. You're almost quaint by now. ... Also? Fuck off.
 RT  Dear  , ever play Lemonade Stand? You can't charge $.80 & then up it to $1.60 without adding more sugar & lemon ...
 RT  Dear  You can't double the price of a product without providing more value. Bad business move -  here w ...
 I'm sorry – was that the fabulous  on my radar just now?
  Please do come up and say hello. I have an inkling I will be sleep-deprived and would benefit by a proactive howdy.
 We can learn a lot about peaceable activism from you, madame.
  The Montreal Police? FAIL.
  That's such a humanist approach to this problem, madame.
 I do believe a certain wingnut is going to be very busy spamming the entire conference...from his parents' basement. Am I right?
  Sweetie- I will finally FINALLY be able to meet you. So jazzed!
 It's really generous of  to plan such an Amazing conference. How ELSE would I get to see so many of my friends? 
   Ladies, I am SO looking forward to seeing you! Much fun will be had. I am not skeptical about that. 
 Brilliant. / RT  10 Frequently Answered Questions, like stuff about Dawkins, rape,  and more! 
 I mentioned this before, but want to make sure you see it if you are going to TAM: Digital Guide to  by  | 
  Thanks for the inclusion in your very cool Daily!
  Love the spicy new do — bangs and all! 
 "The George HrApp" is now available at iTunes. It's extremely keen and totally free. Monstrously huge thanks to superfan Gerry Orkin.
  I agree about the "quirky reply setup". I noticed, too, it's not a conversational model.
  Please feel free to appropriate it.
  It's not a lively community for me, although I love my people there. However, it's very lively for some.
  True enough, J- but I thought I'd ask anyway even thought it wasn't an equal comparison. I'm a little reckless like that.
  Ok- I'm not gonna lie. That made me laugh.
  I think you're right. And my guess is that we won't close our FB accounts but throw more time at Google+.
  ¿Señor - qué nueva palabra? ¿Digirati? Si es así, eres Bienvenido!
 Facebook isn't going anywhere but there's definitely a migration of the digirati to Google+. At least to test it. But...what about Tumblr?
 I thought the MIla Kunis/Marine thing was sweet until I realized he didn't take his goddamn sunglasses off once in the video. Fail!
 RT  I am watching people walk in space. Do you hear me? IN SPACE! 
 Super-helpful Tip List from  – Digital Guide to  – even includes things like shuttle data. |  
 Booz Allen works with the Pentagon.  ate its lunch today. Do you feel safe with this incompetence?  
 Amelia Santiago makes sculptures out of wool, beautiful felted pet portraits just this side of the uncanny valley. | 
 "Newsweek.com will cease to exist on July 19" by  New York Magazine | 
     OUR HOUSE!
 This just in:  says Google+ is the new facebook and facebook is the new myspace and twitter is on its way out.
 I'm watching Bill Maher's show. Ann Coulter is a guest. I am sure to have nightmares of Jurassic proportion.
 Thanks for the little break, all y'all. I needed that little amusement sorbet. I'm offline in moments so I can pre-flight The All-Pro. RAWR!
  Who is *definitely* my choice over that whiner, McDreamy.
  ZOMG I can't wait to see you!
  	Oui, Monsieur. Bien sûr.
  You are listening in to chicks talking about hot men. We have our own vocabulary, dude. It's going to be confusing.
   I'm not gonna lie - you two are cracking me up.
  Howdy, mister! Yes, I will be at TAM. Flying in Thursday and will be there by the evening. Please say hello!
   I love that both of you are digging this cover. I am continually affirmed by comments from my music muses!
 For those of you who don't follow  [and why in blazes don't you?], she walked down the aisle to "I'm Your Man".  
 To  and  — Thanks for the sugar, Junkies! Our house!
 Nick Cave covers "I'm your man". Is it hot in here or is it just me? [ht  | 
 Why, yes, as a matter of fact, I *am* approaching the end zone with THE ALL-PRO book design. Whose house, bitches?
 Marching Armies Vs Sprinting Platoons - NASA Watch [via  | 
  I love that line and that whole monologue.
  "There's what's right, and there's what's right, and never the twain shall meet."
 I went to a 30-year college art class reunion today. Christ, I love those crazy freaks as much today as ever. Respect, bitches!
 I wish there were an app that would immediately "favorite" everything  says. Can someone get on this, please?
 You have a choice of 3 Geologic buttons at  — Interesting Fauna: Coelacanth, Candiru, and Geo himself. | 
 Fans of  -  now has a Vibraphone tee and fauna buttons [Coelacanth and Candiru]. Neat! | 
 A shout-out from  today is like a hug from the angels. That is, if there were, y'know, angels.
 Thanks to the groovy  and fabulous  for the Friday sugar!
 Omigod, DUDE, your partner is a real dog! | 
 Ok, kids- it's back to work or me. That is, after I dab these tears from my eyes. I'm totally verklempt. Rock on, Atlantis. 
  Ha! Thank you, sir!
 Things I wish I heard during the launch today: "Gravity, you are now my bitch" —Atlantis [ht 
 RT  You keep fretting over debt, famous white people, and who strangers choose to fuck. My species just left Earth. For s ...
 THIS! / RT  Few things in life are as amazing as watching humans burn their way into space. Fly, baby, fly! 
 15,000 miles an hour. Holy Haleakala.
 Atlantis is now traveling 12,000 miles an hour and this totally geeks me out.
 Atlantis now traveling 6500 miles an hour.
 Did I hear that right? Atlantis is moving 3200 miles an hour?
 Atlantis "goes trans sonic for the final time".
 LIFTOFF! GO ATLANTIS!
 Resumed!
 Countdown was stopped at T- 31 seconds.
 Less than 5 minutes to go! Watch the shuttle launch at  Edge Webcast at 
 RT  I have hugely mixed feelings about this last launch. Wish we had a working replacement. Links to my thoughts:  http:/ ...
 I'm telling you, THE ALL-PRO is so effing brilliant, I can't wait for you to read it! Who's ready for some football?!
 RT  The countdown has entered a 45-minute hold at T-9 minutes. There are no technical concerns and at this time weather is “go.”
 Exciting! / RT  Countdown clocks are holding at T-20 minutes, a planned 10 minute hold. Launch still is scheduled for 11:26 a.m. EDT.
 So much here that I want to read but that will have to wait. You'll thank me for my restraint. Busy running THE ALL-PRO to the goal. RAWR!
  But it *feels* free when you need it.
  Re: RAR - Darling, I thought I heard someone whimpering in justifiably-inflicted pain. It was Today.
 RT  Doesn't Rush Limbaugh remind you of one of those gay guys that like to lie in a tub while other guys pee on him?   B ...
 RT  Subway to the Apple Store: $2.25. Sushi lunch: $14. Cost for fixing MacBook Pro: $0. Having Applecare: priceless.
 "Hitler Reacts to Metallica Recording With Lou Reed" – one of the best of the Downfall parodies. Srsly. [ht  | 
  I like that - TAMcation. See you soon, lovely!
 Geologic Podcast 222: Gift certificates, Yes, Novellae, Fauna, Morons, Ask George and much more. See you at TAM! | 
 I have a feeling Project Nim would break my heart. | site and trailer 
 I'm as serious as a Hail Mary pass- if you liked The Rookie and The Starter, you will totally lose your shit over The All-Pro. WHOSE HOUSE?!
  It's hard to pin down the Podcat. He has such a crazy schedule. I agree with you totally, though. Interview!
  ooOOoohh... I love a challenge, Chef. Unless it means that I have to cook something. Call me!
 Geologic Podcat iz in the house. The Maestro's at the mic. And I'm working on The All-Pro. An interesting confluence of evil awesome.
 Darn cool infographic on vaccinations that I nicked from Dr.  - Please share with the uninformed.  |  
 High Energy Story Collisions — In which  writes about Story Collider's anniversary gig. Groovy cartoon too! 
 RT   RT  issues report today noting that 600 million women live in countries where domestic violence is st ...
  And I'd wager  had an idea that his life would be irrevocably changed and involve a fair amount of suffering.
  Well said. WikiLeaks is only the conduit. Manning made the conscious decision.
 RT  Some days I think to myself "and why did I not study the lemur?" 
  You're a complicated cat. I like that about you.
  Did I just see you use this:  =^..^=  ... or have I, unbeknownst to myself, been smoking crack?
 I thought "haboob" was a word that my friends in AZ made up. And I would be wrong. But really, if you knew these people you'd understand.
  She was acquitted of all major charges concerning the death of her daughter. It's a point of outrage for many.
  Maki! It's so lovely to see you pop up in the stream. The schwa rules.
  Indeed, which is a rational reaction. But the point of irony is that her father was OJ's defense attorney.
 So Kim Kardashian was shocked SHOCKED by the  verdict. Does anyone else see the irony in this?
  That is so poetically phrased!
  To a degree it is the medium's dynamic. But it doesn't have to be. And some people are just as clueless in person sadly.
  Once upon a time, the aberrant behavior was largely on YouTube. Those were simpler days.
  However, it doesn't explain the behavior of some commenters. I think they have their own issues that pondering can't help.
  You are spot-on about the lack of contemplation time.  said the same thing today. Made me think.
  Correct, sir- I do print layouts, not ebooks.
  Hey Corey- thanks for the link. Interesting. | 
 I'm listening to friends here worry they're being extreme. It's endearing actually since they're so rational and intellectually generous.
 The Maestro and the Geologic Orchestra perform "Disappointed". We're sending this out to  in solidarity. | 
  This should be a doozy of a TAM!
  It's grown way past the elevator scenario into something else which is still morphing.
 She's far smarter than I am! / RT  DO NOT read the comments. For real. They make you despair for humanity.
 I am appalled and dismayed by some of the downright offensive comments after  post. What is wrong with some people?
 "Richard Dawkins and male privilege" — A superlative post from  that is worth your time. | 
 After everything that's gone down, she remains classy, fair, cool. In short, a hero to many including me.  
 And now the  family releases a statement and asks that people get up out of their grill. 
 When Time Magazine hands out its Person of the Year for 2011, I think it should be The Haxxorati.   
 Remember when Bubble Boy was trending? Now we have  and her big bag of judicial outrage. I long for simpler times.
 It's days like this that I'm happy to read  – as fucked-up as that may be. Whatevs.
 RT  Casey Anthony not guilty. Now can we get back to talking about important news… like who else's famous penis is on twitter?
 Wow. What the eff? Nancy Grace is trending? Perhaps her head will explode from the verdict and some sort of justice will be done today.
 RT  Damn, those 35 people killed in Iraq yesterday must be pissed they missed the Casey Anthony verdict.
 Whatever your view on  you might agree with me that if there is crazy judicial shit going down, it's most likely in Florida.
  And, in your honor, Careless Whispers is now playing in my head for the next hour or so. Be well, Meg doll!
  1- You're actually correct for a great portion of his work. 2- If that's cheekiness, please don't stop. Love your style.
 RT  Let's be honest...what kind of life will  have? Karma is the worst punishment there is...
 Cy Twombly has died. He was one of my favorite artists. Passionately calligraphic, sophisticated. [ht  | 
  Re: Casey Anthony - They say that inmates are the hardest on pedophiles and people who hurt children. My guess? She is toast.
 Thanks a lot,  – you and your crazy penchant for thinking. I may have to write a post later. | 
  I like the phrase "violent agreement" and may have to appropriate that from you, sir.
  That's an impossible construct, but I'll play: I would say nothing publicly but I would confront him privately.
  It's important to question that. However, Rebecca is a close friend which makes this different.
 If you were following Emma, her account was accidentally deleted. She's back as:  [Thanks to  for the info.]
  Rachael, please do come up and say hello at TAM. Or, y'know, vibraphone.
  Re: slogan – I've been listening to a lot of Beastie Boys lately. It's in the lyrics on Hotsauce Committee.
  Good question, albeit rhetorical. My point was that I'm not going to debate this.
 Be kind. Rewind.
 RT  “A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the res ...
  Ha ha. I'm a little "hysterical" by encyclopedic standards, I guess. I may even have the vapors. Get me to Baden-Baden!
  Honeychile- I know you mean that in a good way. She is awesome and I just adore her.
  Elyse, when I see you at TAM9, no one will get a word in edge-wise. Seriously, dude. I am hijacking you!
  You are very adorable. That is all.
  Hey I'd still stand behind  if there was pudding because wouldn't that be fun? Heh.
 I want you to know that I will stand behind  every single goddamn time. Just wanted to go on record here.
 Dear  — I look forward to meeting you at TAM9 and will thank you for your excellent post. [ht  | 
  Re: armwrestling au natural. I figured as much. [cc 
  Dark Øverlord Media may love collateral damage [ but it is a fair and benevolent entity. When obeyed.
  Apparently, I may have to armwrestle  for your twitter attention. So be it.
 I have the groovy  to thank for hipping me to  who is wicked smart and therefore impossibly hot.
 I'll tell you what—Bethlehem knows how to put on a superior fireworks show. Spectacular! Watched them from a roof with the Maestro and KiKi.
  Swell! I'm happy to check that off my ridiculously long list of Things To Worry About.
  See how you Aussies are? Totally badass.
 Horrors! / RT  Was horrid. Knocked the head off my beer. Nearly had to stop driving in order to tweet about it! 
 Keeping a good thought for all our friends in Melbourne and hoping everyone stays safe. 
 Agreed / RT  I hate it when musicians try to make people hold their hands in the air. Hey, be good enough to make people WANT to.
  Some deadly awful lineup of "bands" and spoken word that at this point is making the Sun Inn squirm. Cringe-worthy!
 I am completely annoyed by the loud hijinx in the Courtyard. And yet I support their city permit to do their thing. Happy birthday, America!
 RT  Today America celebrates the day it declared its freedom from its own plexiglass habitat enclosure known as Great Br ...
 RT  Happy Independence Day. I mean. You know. Unless you're black or Indigenous or Asian. Or a woman. And hey, sorry abou ...
 Aside from the overly-loud band at noon in the Sun Inn Courtyard, that sound you hear is Francis Scott Key spinning in his grave.
  Actually these are two entirely different things. I'll give you the full report when I see you.
  Dude- if it were only that subtle.
 I'm sure that when the 12-9 celebration in the Sun Inn Courtyard is underway, the music volume will be set at "Wake the Founding Fathers".
 A Volume 11 soundcheck in the Sun Inn Courtyard at 9:30 am for a Noon start. And yes, I paid them a little visit. Nicely they complied.
 Script Kiddies hack Fox News twitter accts, send false tweets, say "We hope to be working with them [ soon." 
  Please do the post so I can write on the comment board "Are you effing kidding me?!"
  Oh Oxie- You have such a way with words. On behalf of my people, sorry about the bombs, and thanks for the love.
  Re: aerial banners. I like that: "reason is grounded".
  We are a scary lot. Hide your babies and bunnies and goats!
  Sorry you were offended but my point was comparing the intolerance and misunderstanding that exists for both Muslims and atheists.
  It would be great to catch up! You're always welcome at the Sheer Hacienda.
 Atheists are the new Muslims. I hate to say this, but screw you, Pennsylvania. [ht    | 
 I think this should be the new  theme. Amiright? | Beasties & Santigold ♫ 
 RT  I like people who pick a side.
 <3 / RT  "...If climate change had been wearing what I was last night, more people would believe it exists." 
  The only thing about that movie that I liked was Clarkson's performance. Maybe it's just a personal thing. Sheedy was annoying.
  Oh lad, if you like The Rookie, there's The Starter and soon The All-Pro. Your fix awaits, you lucky new Junkie! love, The Diva
 Insanely great  MasterCard parody. | 
 We at the Geologic wish  and  a stellar show in Brooklyn tonight and safe, happy trails home. Come back soon!
  Quite droll, sir. Quite droll.
  Lovely to meet you! Good luck with all and sundry.
 RT  . "I prefer my people with a dark side. With a little lemon zest." Me: "I prefer them medium-rare with ta ...
 So staying up late drinking wine with  is pretty much my favorite pastime.
 Today has been brought to you by the letter Q.   
 RT  Remember Google Wave. Yeah. me neither.
   because she's wicked smart, writes on  and the haxxorati and because I'd invite her to my Dinner Party for 30.
 RT    global assassin, will stealthily eliminate high-profile targets for considerable sums (or certain types  ...
 I'll bet if I were a murderer, I'd never get a mega-company product endorsement deal. Unlike some people. | 
 10 Forgotten ’90s Counterculture Movies You Need to See — Well, maybe 9. I think you can skip High Art. | trailers, too! 
  I cannot get over the fact that  is in South Africa. Can't wait to hear her stories!
  Tim! Do you mean to tell me that you and possibly La Nicole will be at the gig?
  Hey Lovely- I cannot wait to see you this eve at Milkboy!
  Lad! All is rocking righteously here in Bethlehem. Love the periwinkle shirt! I hope all is groovy with you.
 "45 minutes early is the new late" — So sez  who flies with the eagles.
 Geologic Podcast Show 221? What's that you say? Two casts in one week? That's just batshit crazy! And yet, true. | 
 In my dream, I plummeted to earth, having forgotten my parachute, but I touched down as lightly as a feather. It didn't wake me. Or kill me.
 A Special Geologic Vidcast - Show  - "Calmly Debating a Young Earth Creationist Without Strangling the Cat" + more | 
 All sorts of Geologic Podcast and Dark Øverlord Media-type things going on.
 "50 Days of Mayhem: How LulzSec Changed Hacktivism Forever [via  - I ask, but is it hacktivism?  | 
 RT  Well, brush my timbales and call me Mingo but this weather is definitely conducive to a bit of the old Santana.
 Why, yes, as a matter of fact THE ALL-PRO is in production at my shop. It should be no surprise that it's the sexiest project on my list.
 RT  I still love magazines. I still love newspapers. Not on my iPad, in my hand. I'd rather be in the NYT than on Mashable. S ...
 The tall wacky homeless man who barged into my studio today looked and smelled like Mick Fleetwood on a bender. Far more Musk than Tusk.
 RT  I'm highly impressed with the staff at the  Their empathy is unparalleled. Give them money.
 Huzzahs and yippees and super sparkly birthday wishes to the Directrix of Døøm, the beauteous and incomparable  – Rawk!
 Happy birthday to that debonair sky pilot  – I'm honored to call you my friend!
 We've got some nifty surprises in store for the Geologic Podcast this week, kids!
 Unless Inspector Clouseau has been working for Apple, there is no reason my phone should auto-correct to "minkeywrench".
 Powering up the studio and enjoying a cup of the elixir of life. Good day!
  I hate to admit it, but no, I haven't. And I hear that they are their own source of artistic joy,
 If I can't have Game of Thrones for what feels like eons, at least I have Eric Northman to keep me ... entertained.
 How is that Fergie is trying for Fellini but is coming across like Kurt Weill? Paging Lotte Lenya. [ht  
  That's a sweet ride, my friend. And an elegant response to be sure.
  Losing my ability to think and reason.
  I like your Spider recommendation. But my triple-black Alfa Romeo was the sexiest.
 And with that,  signs off and sets sail for lulzier seas.
 This weekend, I rode shotgun as a navigator. For those of you who know me well, this must be a source of intense hilarity.
  I knew you would appreciate that!
  There will definitely be a show this week. The Maestro has had much out-of-town business.
 If the verified account  hasn't updated since 6/10, is that a social media FAIL? It Depends. | 
 RT  Why did we search a disabled person's diaper? We thought your constitutional rights might be down there. 
 Cheers to everyone who commented on the hacker house arrest scenario. Completely droll responses.
 How is sentencing a young hacker to six months house arrest an actual punishment?
 Hey, my lovelies- I'm off the grid for a bit and recharging. Cheers to you!
 Heartfelt thanks to  and the gang who participated for such a wonderful time. You are good people and I love hanging with you!
 I'm drinking skeptically in the virtual world with  and gang. Join us. Who knows where this will go! | 
 Alrighty then- off to take pictures of police horses. I'd say that's a great way to spend "happy hour". Happy indeed!
 "Inside LulzSec: Chatroom logs shine a light on the secretive hackers" - rather interesting. | Guardian 
 Ah, I see. That makes sense now. Apparently  is the grammarian for  I thought I recognized that mockingly buttery tone.
  I'm delighted about that. Casting Natalie Dormer seems quite in line with the vibe so far.
  The New Dorothy Parker Edition: The brainy and beauteous  writes recaps the way TWoP did before they got all Bravo'd up.
  Re: cast subscription. Ha! I see what you did there, sassafras.
  Re: cast-less week. I'm so sorry! I'm certain the Maestro will make it up to all y'all next week.
  Holla! Acknowledging a fellow Game of Thrones fan.
  It was wonderful to see you and thanks for joining us at Pacific Standard.
  You'll be joining the group? That makes me very happy!
  It would be swell to have you join the gang if you can.
  Try the performance at the Swedish comedy club [which totally sounds like the start of a dirty joke.] | 210 
  Aw thanks, dude- but eventually it will all surface.
  Dollface, doing my best to "keep it real." Now I know YOU are.
  We've accepted an invitation from the awesome  to sell some things. We're going to offer a new tee.
 RT  There's one sure way to settle the war between   and  Take it outside and have a danc ...
  Cool. ... Just one more thing... Thanks!
 "Remembering Peter Falk." by  who notes Falk's ability to "embody fallible but noble humanity." Excellent. | 
 I really hope to see something from  on the now-late Peter Falk.
 Studio Log 6/24: DØM book design; new Geologic merch design; take pictures of horses; evening interview with  Awesomesauce!
 Thanks to the fabulous people at  the art of storytelling was alive and well in Brooklyn last night. Superb evening!
 I'll say this for  those lulzy folks are fairly well-spoken. Here's what they're saying about The Jester. | 
 Geologic Podcast fans — there will be no show this week. The Maestro had an inordinately crazy schedule. Stay tuned for 220 next week.
 RT  Dear Hollywood moviemakers, please stop releasing all your films in 3D. It's fucking rubbish and nobody cares. Love Me.
  Boscola's action is probably making quite a few merchants happy right now.
  Cycling under the stars is a glorious thought. Magical even!
 "America's Top Cities for Bike Commuting; Happier, too" — Great post by author Richard Florida [via  | 
 RT  I love when a new project just bursts from my brain like Athena and I've written seven pages without really knowing wha ...
 LV news: Senator Boscola goes to bat, wins on Musikfest mug refills at downtown pubs. LCB gnashes teeth. Crowd cheers. | 
 Brooklyn peeps: "Reinvention" Story Collider 6/23 at the Lyceum with    and others | 
 Professions-That-Should-Require-Certification-Dept. The Timeline Edition: Was: Consultants. Then: Social Media Experts. Now: Life Coaches.
   ... Uh oh. ... |  
 RT  Nirvana's Nevermind has its 20th anniversary re-release this fall. Another 7 years, and Smells Like Teen Spirit will be ol ...
  Ok, hipster- at this time in the States, that's all I've got, sadly.
  Point it to a me.com portal and aggregate all your related sites there.
 Portmanteau of the Day, The Michelle Bachmann Edition: "hatriot". [ht 
 RT  Today in "who's been in my purse?" mysteries: Reached for wallet in market, came up with severed doll's head. Cashie ...
