 underground rain tank, holds 2500 gallons of rain! 
 Save the date for August 14th!  
 RT  Home Energy Efficient Guide: "Tips On How To Make Your Home More Energy Efficient!" … (cont) 
 We love having lunch from       & many more! 
 RT  RT  Jason Sandford wrote a new piece on Asheville's  efforts.    
 RT  We offer DCS & Lynx outdoor grills. We also have outdoor cabinets, kegorators, beverage fridge & more. 
 refreshing video about harvesting rainwater    
 RT  Home Energy Efficient Guide: "How To Lower Your Home Energy Bills Today!" :    friendly  ...
 RT  $2 games!!! At Sky Lanes Bowling Center in Asheville, NC   
 RT  Haiku Bamboo Nursery to hold Bamboo Walking Tour - Learn about bamboo while strolling in the Ha… (cont) 
  and we are so lucky here, most the time, we can find LOCAL and ORGANIC. :)
  yes and no, I think. If I can find local, in season produce that is in season, its FRESH and that is healthy too.
 RT  Eat  on Thursday! 
 radial summer 8x10 photograph by Miranda Wildman by element5  via     
 RT  Thinking about lunch soon? Check out our list of restaurants. … (cont) 
 register for the Anything that Floats" boat parade!  here  
 RT  We've got less than an hour until the  Future of Water conference! Join here: 
 RT  9 green ways to ready your home for summer  Save some serious energy, water, and more
 RT  RT  Neo Cantina: American Advertising Federation  free event 2nite 5:30-7... 
 RT  10 Quick Ways for a Greener Kitchen:   
  Asheville water quality  
 Salon Blue Ridge Blog 
  kick your bottled water habit!  We totally agree!
 RT  Home Energy Efficient Guide: "Government Grants For Alternative Energy"    friendly  ...
 RT  River Arts District, Asheville, NC has something pretty spectacular going on this weekend: 
 RT   RT  Asheville NC is the one of the chillest cities in the country… (cont) 
 RT   RT  Asheville NC is the one of the chillest cities in the country… (cont) 
 moon and light 8x10 fine art photograph by Miranda by element5  via     
 RT  May the 4th be with you.
  thank you for the mention!
  <<< We have really enjoyed working here with >>>  
 RT  Dining Out for Life restaurants give 20 % to local AIDS org. Incl Admiral, Sunny Pt, 12 Bon… (cont) 
 RT  Fig tastes soooooo gooood! RT  RT  Visit  4 lunch o… (cont) 
 RT  RT “ Be creative. Think outside your comfort zone. Make today the day you do something BIG!”
 RT  RT  Dining out for Life is today in Asheville - please support our business… (cont) 
 RT  RT  Visit  for lunch or dinner today! They'll donate 20% of yo… (cont) 
 RT  Come to "This Saturday, Blind Lemon Phillips - Food By: Kyte's Catering" Saturday, Apri… (cont) 
 RT  Visit  for lunch or dinner today! They'll donate 20% of your check to  (cont) 
 RT  RT  Come to "This Saturday, Blind Lemon Phillips - Food By: Kyte's Catering" Saturd… (cont) 
 RT  DIY Solar Water Heaters - Build Solar Panels for under $200 
 RT  RT  Come see me and jeff for lunch at marcos on merrimon for a great cause. Dining out 4 life   
 RT  A gorgeous, sunny and warm Monday in the mountains!
 Water Lovers! Check out this book:  
 It's a Swell Day in Asheville!        
 A seed has been planted.   
 RT  Recycling of  in  .Let's take a look at where that is! 
 RT  RT  Trout champions compete in WNC 
 RT  Home Energy Efficient Guide: "Recycling Is A Great Way To Make Your Home Energy Efficient… (cont) 
 Its World Water Day folks! tell us how you conserve water in your home or business!
 and these fine tweeples too!         
  These tweeples are very worthy of your follow!      
 RT   RT  ALWAYS RT  When I'm out of town I realize how go… (cont) 
 RT   thank you! I just love Asheville, as you do too!  
  
 A great day to be alive! And plumbing!
 Fact: over 50 percent of the total water used in households in the US is used outside the the home to water la… (cont) 
 Did you know that one-third of the world's population is living without access to adequate supplies of fres… (cont) 
 RT  today is going to require a lot of coffeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! have a good one.
 RT  Sun, cooler temps return to Asheville  back to seasonal temps!
          (cont) 
 Explore Asheville!  
  thank you for the 
  sorry did not make it to plumberchat, maybe next time!  
 RT  Today is our Spanish Wine Dinner! Plenty of fine & amazing food! $60pp tax & grat included. (828) 696-9094. 
 good luck to you! RT  boo. no seat for me on the noon flight. please send good vibes for the 2p… (cont) 
 RT  That is what I'm talkin bout yo! RT  We just got a 101.5 A+ from the Department of Health! Yay team!
 RT  RT  We're hosting a tweet chat today at 6 pm ET Use  to participate… (cont) 
 RT  This Old House Host to Headline Home Show in Asheville 3/18-3/20  
 RT  ever considered one of these to conserve water? 
 ever considered one of these to conserve water? 
 FYI: The Colorado River provides water for 30 million people in seven states and Mexico
  Check out past plumbing projects we have completed to get an idea of what we are about at Blue Planet Plumbing
 RT  How  Is Your Cell Phone? The Good Guide ranks  phones on their health, environmental and social impact http:/ ...
  thanks for the RT! How are some ways you conserve water at the Inn?
 Blue Planet Plumbing has new photo albums on their web site! What do you look for in a plumber? 
 We install rain tanks for irrigation and toilet flushing, now that's saving!
 Installing a rain water tank for irrigation at a residence in The Settings  for Living Sto… (cont) 
 check out our facebook page for photo updates, specials and water conservation news! 
 Conference to connect Asheville's downtown businesses 
 RT  The   Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     ...
  
 RT  Think About the Water Footprint of Your Food - Main Image:                                                     ...
  thank you! Preish Construction is great to work with! We did not get to the powder room, bu… (cont) 
 Rain Harvesting is the bees knees! Call us today for a quote for irrigation and toilet flushing with rain water! 
 68 degrees in Asheville! Warm enough to dry your clothes on the line!  
  you are so very welcome! thank you for the happy taste buds!
  awesome, thanks for the RT! have  wonderful day!
 I posted 15 photos on Facebook in the album "Preish Construction - The Ramble Biltmore Forest" 
 I posted 8 photos on Facebook in the album "Longview Builders - The Villages at Crest Mountain" 
  thanks for the  RT!
 RT  White anchovies, bottarga and celery, housemade burrata and tomato jam. Cucina 24 feast.  
 RT  Mentioned last night that we have a new flavor coming this week. Ashley made it tonight! I'll let you know when it goes ...
 RT   in  or    have $50 coupons available at The Hop(s)!
 RT   Asheville Great Asheville Studio - Walk to Everything! (Asheville (Montford)) $690: Live a part of Ashevil...  ...
  thanks a bunch for the 
  thank you so much for 
  that's rad, thank you!
  thank you thank you!
          
 RT   Thanks for the follow - back at you. I reward you with 65 degree weather tom… (cont) 
 RT  Parts of Avl's water system are over 100 yrs old, breaks like this 1likely to happen again  
 RT  Spent a lot of time wondering WTH HatchFest  is? Short video  Coming in April.  ...
 RT    Skyland Distributing Asheville SPRINGSPRINGSPRINGSPRING...maybe.
 We are having a great time working with Emily and JEB (James) Boyd at their house on Beaverdam Rd in Asheville… (cont) 
 RT  RT  Our Organic Children's Garden needs supplies as we prepare for spring. Everything from greenhouse pla ...
 just heard about this water line break through  
 RT  Waterline break reported in East Asheville: ASHEVILLE -- Water service may be interrupted on Cummins Road.  ...
 RT  All the traffic lights in Biltmore Village are blinking.     
 RT  RT  Nice new promo video for HATCH Asheville    
 RT  RT  HCD Committee recommends 300k Housing Trust Fund $ to go towards 70 units of Eagle/Market St. Affordable Ho ...
 RT  Loving our local sweet spots     &  as we book  ...
 RT  Everyone starts out a beginner. Its what you do from there that makes the difference...
 Blue Planet Plumbing has been working with Emily and James (JEB) Boyd on their house on Beaverdam Rd in Ashevi… (cont) 
 keep and eye on drought conditions in WNC here 
 RT  I know it is going to a great day in 
  One of our favorite videos!
 RT  RT  Stay tuned for Twitter exclusives about exciting new upcoming job openings!
 we do too! RT  ASHEVILLE MOVERS  LOVE THE APPLE FIELDS IN HENDERSONVILLE
 Planning your summer garden? Water your plants with Rain! 
 LOVE our water ways this Valentine's Day by making a donation to RiverLink TODAY   (cont) 
 RT  Photo: dark path photo by Miranda Wildman 
  thanks Asheville Person! 
  thanks funny people!  
  thanks ice cream people! 
 after reading about the trash revealed after the big melt of snow in NYC, I was reminded of our waterways tha… (cont) 
 testing facebook, twitter connection one two one two 
 Hello world of water!
 green office supplies shipped to your door!  
  thank you for the  we love to plumb!
  thanks so much for the 
 RT  RT  WOW ! cngrts! Thirsty Monk 4 being voted 1 of the Top Best Beer Bars in the world! (ratebeer.com)
 RT  Thx  ncstage        
 RT  Today. 5-8pm. Support Asheville Grown. At The Hop!    
 RT  Sewer work on Walnut continues. Haywood St open, though! Get yr books before nxt snow arrives. 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "PLUMBING PHOTOS" 
 How do you feel about drinking bottled water after watching this?  
 eat some for me! RT   Fried pickles here I come!
 RT  30 water conservation blogs: 
 RT  RT   Oh,  is 1 of my favorite places ever. I'm happy every time I go there, hence ...
 Do you know how much water a Google search uses? Interesting article by   via... 
 RT  Do you know how much water a Google search uses? Interesting article by  
 RT  Bridge repairs force I-240 lane closure in Asheville 
 We have received our new logo from Image 420, they do great work!
  thanks for the RT, and Happy New Year!   
  thanks for the RT!   
 Tip: Do not install pipe insulation on top of heat tape    
 RT  RT  Roads icy in Asheville area, across WNC   
 RT  RT  Highway Patrol news release: Black ice, wind are Asheville-Area concerns   ...
 10 Most Awesome Gift Ideas from The Wine Studio of Asheville!  via    
  ha ha! My reputation could depend on amount! Ha! non-emotion showing twitter, gotta love it.
  not 2 worry! i'm a  we got backed up (haha) 2day & i'll get that estimate out 2 U 1st thing in morning :)
  oh, GEE, I will get right to it! Don't want me status to change!   
 Crest Mountain today, Asheville's premier sustainable eco-community    
 Working at Crest Mountain today, Asheville's premier sustainable eco-community    
 RT  Feeling the local love ya'll !     
  thanks for the local love!
 RT  The oceans are suffocating - help them help themselves. Revive Oceans with  
       a few more locals to eat and shop with this season! :)  
 RT  Will the Nile water deal mean conflict for the region?  via  
     are just a few locals I recommend! more later!  
 RT  Here is a thought - instead of supporting big box stores . . . shop a local business & keep your $$$ local. 
 thank you and thank you and thank you and thank you all year round!
 Show your love and thank the musicians of the world by making a donation to the Playing for Change Foundation   
 Revolutionizing Black Friday!  
 RT  Awesome meeting with Asheville & Black Mountain to talk about Passenger Rail! Right NOW!!
 beautiful and interesting underwater photographs 
 news at the Western North Carolina Green Building Council     
 Happy Zero Waste Day!... 
 RT  Today is America Recycles Day - who's really behind this?  try zero waste instead
 RT  America, you are lagging. C'mon now. You need a day called America Recycles to get a separate bin? It's not that hard.
 How much water does the world have to go around?  
 going to  with mom to scout out some treasures!  
       
 Our Wet Planet: How did it become so blue?... 
 who is going to the River Arts District Art Stroll this weekend?    
 We can install sink almost anywhere!  
 RT  25 for the 25th - Help Us Change Christmas - 
 I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album "PLUMBING PHOTOS" 
 RT  Updating the NC Building codes??? Input  wanted - Energy conservation codified?  
 Water Policy Around the World NPR    
 The world's best underwater photographs 2010... 
  
 Check this video out -- REFUSE Disposable Plastic  via 
 Time to upgrade your water heater for efficiency? Call us! 828.423.6289.
  
 RT  Shining Light on the Cost of Solar Energy 
 Blue Planet Plumbing is here to repair that leaky faucet! Call us today! 828.423.6289.
  everything is connected, you can save water by eating locally! 
 We are changing our name today! Blue Planet Plumbing is our new name, to better reflect our credo. :)
  call us to get a free estimate on your house or business plumbing remodel.
 At your Service! Leaky pipes? in need of water heater upgrade or repair? Call us!
 from lettuce to beef, what is the water footprint of your food? 
 We now offer 30% recycled content PVC pipe! We are very happy as previously, recycled PVC was not available.
 RT  It' Wired Wednesday  You get an extra shot in your espresso drink for free! Hazelnut lattes are $2.50 today. J ...
 RT  Solar energy coming to a carport near you.  
  not bad habits :)
 RT  "Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale (via dixiefunk) 
 recycled PVC Yahoooooooooo!  
  
 RT  Worst Coral Bleaching Recorded in Indonesia Caused by Rise in Sea Surface Temps 
 RT  $22M to Help Restore Wildlife Injured by Mysterious Oil Spills over 50 years ago Projectshttp://bit.ly/bp2zZd
 Harvesting rain water is not just for summertime....think about harvesting rain throughout the year to flush your... 
  
 RT  Nearly 80% of Oil From Gulf Spill Remains in Water, Threatens Ecosystem: Independent Analysis 
 RT  Aug 19 Local Social: special preview of the 1st Annual  Food & Environmental Film Fest 
 RT  RT   Air quality alert for high elevations in  today 
 RT  LWI News: Meki Community 
 Here comes the rain! 
 If It Was My Home - Visualizing the BP Oil Spill:  via 
 RT  Asheville is gorgeous and dreamy   
 delicious food here! RT  We're open today and our grill is hot and ready for your order... 
 RT  RT  Shedding tears. RT  RT  Pictures from Lousiana shores. This makes me sad.  ...
  job for experienced plumber available!
 RT  RT  How can Asheville be Green City USA?  topic this week. W/  &  ...
 RT  I'll be Tweeting "The Revitalization of Downtown” program  tonite at 7pm live from the Diana Wortham Theatre. Hashta ...
 RT  OUR CHOICE -->  - Soul Tree Gallery Grand Opening (via  <-- spread the word!
 RT  RT  EXTREME MAKEOVER coming to Asheville if we find them a home.  Find out more.  
 RT  Via ASAP: find local food near you  
 RT  via  Check out the Green Home Guide   Green-friendly andnot-so-green options: 
 RT  We'll be presenting  on Lexington Ave. for Asheville Green Drinks this Friday 4/16 at 6pm! Lots of... h ...
 RT  Hatch Asheville:  via  check out what Asheville has incubating 
 RT    Beautiful week of weather ahead in the Asheville area: Keep those sunglasses handy. This week loo... htt ...
 RT  And yet more fresh seafood:) Marcos Trattoria(brevard) Falls Landing (brevard) Poppies, Flying frog, purple onion,  ...
 RT  RT  RT  TONIGHT! 2010 Green Building Directory Release Party  Pack Place Asheville  ...
  
  
 RT   loves their fresh produce! We are growing several thousand veggie starts for our beloved WNC community
 RT  Folks, it's a joke. No announcement til Sept. is what I understand. Until it's on an official Goog site I won't believe it ...
 RT  Hiring: Web Software Developer - 
 RT  Amazing Savings opens new location downtown. Grand Opening w/hotdogs & burgers Sat  
 RT  Today won't warm up much from morning temps; high of only 44, says Rays  
 RT  Mention this tweet for 10% off any piece of art in the Soul Tree Gallery today!!!!  
  
  john and yoko wedding anniversary :)
 RT  Asheville Twitter Tip  Don't go to hell! Come with me.. 
  and thank you!     
 RT          Thank you
 Finishing up a job for Demos Builders... 
 RT  Turn on your love light for these         ...
 RT  THIS IS THE LAST DAY OF WINTER
 Finishing up a job for Demos Builders  today in the nice, spring sun.   
 RT   We LOVE ice cream too! RT       
 RT  zero charger shuts off when device 
 RT  The history of Asheville 
 Good morning tweeples! Soul Tree Gallery is having a "Jump Into Spring Sale" this weekend at   
 RT  The history of Asheville Architect Daryl Rantis  
 RT  zero charger shuts off when device is charged . eliminates phantom energy loads.  
 RT  Hey ya'll!  Come in today before 6pm with this tweet on your phone or on paper and get 25% off of your drink purchase!
 RT    Asheville Artisan Bread Bakers festival celebrates bakers: 
 Sure is muddy out there! Not complaining though, the rain brings beautiful spring to life! 
 planning your garden? How about watering it with rain water this year?
 Planning your garden? How about watering it with rain water this year? Ask Georg all about it! 
 Thinking about home improvements this spring? Call us and find out how to save a ton of water with a rain water... 
 RT  RT  WLOS video:  as a trial city for Google ultrafast internet?  
 RT  RT   - Crocuses blooming at the park beside the east Asheville library. 
 RT  Chileans Worried They Won’t Get as Much Attention as Haiti 
 RT  Neo Cantina gets up and running   /cc 
 RT  Asheville businesses tap in2 solar energy. article from Citizen Times at: 
  yum yum in the tum tum!  yo yo go to the Burg for the best burger in town!
 Good! RT  RT  Chicago trying to ban styrofoam! 
 RT  RT  Next Help Haiti Heal benefit at White Horse is March 13th! 
 RT  Self adjusting "sunglass" window on the way?  
  eggcellent! Blizzard a no no so we can a go go next Wednesday, same time, same place.
  darn, 2 hour early release.  Can we do next Winesday?
 RT  Wanted: 3 more gents for singles wine dinner!  Lotsa ladies signed up...where the boys at? 2/13, 7pm; 4 courses, 6 wines ...
  yes! see you  for Winesday!!! Any chance I could get a ride home from there?
  did I ever forward you this? Better late than never! tell me what you think 
 RT  RT  Getting Ready for Anything: How To Pack An Emergency Bag 
 RT  Merrimon Ave. we've got some posters for you and we're headed your way this afternoon! 
 RT  Asheville videos galore:  
 RT  new pics from distribution in haiti are up:
 RT  Photo of the Day - 
 is the facebook bone connected to the twitter bone?
 RT  We are OPEN for lunch & dinner 'til 11pm tonight!  good stuff on the west side!
 RT  They do R plumbing 2! awsm!  RT   Do U have a plumber? I recommend A 2 Z. They're gr8.
 Edgy Mama: Feed kids, boost local businesses, help Haiti | Asheville Arts and Entertainment | Mountain Xpress - 
 confetti bonbon brooch by chicsinger on Etsy - 
 View chapeaux by chicsinger on Etsy - 
 RT  Nice! RT   dude, Asheville is the greatest place on earth! I can give recommendations all. day. long.
 Checking out Miranda Wildman's Profile on we art the people: 
 RT  Don't think Punxsutawney Phil will see his shadow here today.  Happy groundhog day!
 This rain might bum you out, but call us to change rain into a bonus for you! Flush your toilets with rain water 
 RT  No snow bro.. RT  The absolute coldest rain is falling in Asheville- I'd much rather have the snow!
 RT  Fantastic! RT  Food Inc. nominated for the Big Prize  Great news to start the day!
 We can help you capture all this rain to flush your toilets! 
 please email us at a2zasheville while we experience technical difficulty with our go daddy email.
 100,000 Letters. 100 Senators. 1 Vote. - Operation: Climate Vote - Environmental Defense Fund - 
 Etsy :: The Storque :: Craftivism :: Earthquake in Haiti - 
  How do U heat your water?
  thanks just saw this mention, we are environmentally friendly plumbers in Asheville, need rain harvesting?
 The Wine Studio Calendar of Events -  
 Girls On Grapes - 
 The Wine Studio of Asheville - 
 I like these predictions for 2010 
 RT    NC reservoir will open 2 fishing, boating: Anglers & boaters in NC will soon B a... 
 RT  AVL: Add hashtags to the end of your Asheville Adventure tweets by using      ...
 RT  RT  Report: Monsanto Corn Causes Organ Damage in Mammals 
 I am wishing I had a little fairy to do my paperwork :)
 RT  HEAR YE HEAR YE! Asheville North Carolina is on YouTube:   
 RT    New water main breaks today 
 RT  Half of non- residential buildings will be green by 2015 according to WSJ study  
  greenlivingideas.com has some great  ideas!
  frozen pipes? Buncombe Extension expert offers frozen pipe tips in the  Citizen Times
 This is our web site, eatsleepplumb.com, Water Conservation Tips - 
 Water Conservation Tips - 
 Animal Advocacy in Buncombe County | Brother Wolf Animal Rescue - 
 RT  Riverside Stump Dump will take your live Xmas tree for free! Riverside Dr bw. Hill St/Broadway
 RT  ATTN: RT  Jan 12th city council is weighing on the Asheville energy independence initiative. Pls support!
 RT  Asheville Winter Warmer Beer Festival set for Jan. 23 
 still updating web site, working on a water heater safety blurb, what would you like to see on our web site? 
 RT  Resolution for a greener office in 2010? Here's a source for recycled office supplies: 
 working on our web site today  what questions do you need answered about your plumbing system?
 working on our web site today  what do you want to know about eco-friendly plumbing?
 A2Z Plumbing Asheville NC - 
 RT  A2Z Plumbing, Inc 
 Preventing_Thawing_Frozen_Pipes.pdf (application/pdf Object) - 
 Food For Thought Monday: North Carolina Incentives/Policies for Renewables & Efficiency 
 RT  Washington DC's Plastic Bag Tax Takes Effect This Week 
 Preview - Fixing Leaky Copper - Fine Homebuilding Article - 
  mythbusters water heater test!
 RT  How Long Before Disaster Fatigue Kicks In? 
 US water usage by state 
 circle of blue water news 
 is the twitter bone connected to the facebook bone?
 100 ways to use water wisely 
 eat, sleep, plumb, that is what we do!
