 RT  NJ Transit bus idled for 5 hours with dead driver  
 WOW! I get   and  all in one week! Hair, nails and outfits on deck! Can't wait see my girls in NYC CT & PA
  you'll get one of those " went on vacation and all I got is this lousy t-shirt" shirts!
  I love the  app - It's tempting me to take a quick weekend getaway!
 RT  Somali women fleeing famine preyed on by rapists  
 RT  Jets reach deal with Plaxico Burress 
   Yes.  police confirm they're investigating the death as homicide 
 Thank goodness! RT  "We're very close" to deal on debt limit, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell tells CNN. 
 RT  Guess you don't always get what you pay for AT&T to throttle heaviest users of unlimited smartphone data beginning Oct 1 ht ...
  Man shot and killed in  this morning  is the only station with a live report  
 Only 1 more hour until the  morning news!
 At least I'm not the only one working this weekend! Congress in deep debate over the  
  at this  museum date back to the 1850s 
 Damage at the   Museum. Overnight burglars stole $300 in cash and caused thousands in damage 
 Look at where I am today! 
 Doing something I've never done before for my liveshot today .... this promises to be interesting! Tune in  7am  for details
 Had a wonderful afternoon with fellow  journalista  - if you're not following her on twitter - you're missing out! 
  wait - you mean your video isn't in the paper? ;-)
 RT  Want to work at FOX CT? We have some job openings  
  at least you don't get called the name of reporters from that station... Especially ones you look nothing like!
 RT  Details on the police pursuit in Fairfield/Bridgeport updated.  One woman arrested:  http:/ ...
  Im confused by your tweet. I need an update ASAP
 How sad! RT  House on Goodrich St. Where dead body found; stench is unbearable  
 Which album to buy? The new  or  ???
 RT  Waterbury Fire: Possible Murder-Suicide  
 Video: Home in  Haven collapses after intense fire 
   is enroute and will have a live report
 RT  NABJ Picks New Orleans for 2012; Will Precede Unity     
 RT   Gov. Chris Christie  has been taken to the hospital for tests after having difficulty breathing. http:/ ...
 Join my facebook fam! Click the "like" button at 
  its not just you- I think we were all excited for the crash
  Great Video:  police re-create a 45mph motorcycle vs car collision   
 Great Video:  police re-create a 45mph motorcycle vs car collision   
  continuing team coverage ;-)
 Just got my invite for  Yay! This may forever change boring mornings in the livetruck. Thanks  for telling me about it!
 RT  W/ NBC's Brian Williams and good friends  &   
 Woman cleaning out her closet in  believes she may have found 6 or 7 sticks of dynamite. Meriden police on scene investigating
 3,008 layoff notices have gone out to state workers to date  
 perhaps “ Docu-series sounds fancier? RT  I'm confused. What's the difference btwn a docu-series a reality show?”
 I'm confused. What's the difference btwn a docu-series a reality show?
 RT  11:49am- department./EMTs  on the way to Waldorf and Ellsworth for a man who fell out of a tree.
 The DEEP says the mountain lion found in  came all the way from South Dakota! That's a long way to go  
  will open a store at the Westfarms Mall this fall 
 Should 24 convicted sex offenders be allowed to move into  The full debate: 
  here's the link: 
  I'll have a link after it airs at 7:30 am
 Dept of Corrections:  the new home of 24 sex offenders will be "high security". Find out how they plan to keep the Montville safe on 
 How do town leaders in  feel about 24 sex offenders moving into town? Find out at 7:30 on the  Morning News. See you then!
  will soon be home to 24 convicted sex offenders.  7am I'll tell you why the town is giving up their fight against the facility.
 RT  NWS has issued a Severe T-storm Watch 4 Litchfield Cnty. Special Weather statement 4 Htfd and Tolland Cntys.  ...
  Thanks for the follow! Hope all is well. Love what you're doind with 
  I had a wonderful evening last night! Can't wait to see everyone again in  at 
 RT  FEMA and MEMA join forces to inform  survivors of available recovery resources:  
 Photo: Me as a little girl - I've always loved the color pink and wearing dresses! Some things never change  
  I'm on my way. See you all soon
 Be careful what you wish for! “ havent covered  in such a long time! 
 RT  3 wks remain to register for fed. disaster assistance in Mass. More than $3.2m in fed. grants apprvd so far.  ...
 RT  Gay Marriage Opponents Sue N.Y.: Opponents of New York's gay marriage law are suing to overturn it 
 The local Fox station in Cincinnati just expanded their morning news show to 6 hours. I think I would faint doing that much news!
 RT  NFL Networks says the players’ representatives have unanimously ratified the collective bargaining agreement.
 RT   Lt Gov Wyman, &  announcing summer food truck for   [pic]: 
 RT  Just in from CNN NY-Port Authority of New York New Jersey-s a suspicious package//bag at the American Airlines terminal a ...
 Loved watching  anchor with  this morning. I love  but Anthony is great too!
 RT  The trapped Chilean Miners, rescued nine months ago, now have a movie deal. 
 Im watching! RT  Are you watching the FOX CT Morning News?  I'm anchoring with  this morning.
  it was a pleasure meeting you today! Keep breaking stories in 
 RT  Naugatuck police put out name correction on deceased: Krzysztof.  His wife Danuta listed in critical condition.
  is on the trail of a potentially really good story. Can't wait to watch tonight at 10 
 "People come into your life for seasons . . . and the seasons do change." - Mama Harry
 RT  NYPD detective shot while vacationing in South Beach  
 RT  “ Today we remember Lt Velaszquez and FF Baik of the BFD lost 7/24/10. R.I.P Brothers you will not be forgotten.”
 Exclusive  photos, videos and updates on my facebook page. Keep up by clicking "like" on 
 Another sad  drowningL Fisherman rescued from the waters of  State Park earlier died as a result of his injuries 
 RT  Memorial and street dedication for FF Baik and Lt. FF Velasquez. We will never forget. 
 Emotional in  remembering 2 of the city's bravest. Lt. Steve Velasquez and  Michel Baik 
   remember Lt Steven Velasquez and Michel Baik who died on duty in Bridgeport 1 yr ago today 
 Photo: Reporting at the capitol this morning 
 One  family is in  and they're living through the aftermath of Friday's attack. Find out their story tonight at 10 
 RT   up after tragedy- bldg 2 blocks fm spot where car bomb detonated. 
   found dead in London Apt according to BBC reports: 
 Just started raining in    what's up with this 
 Gearing up for competition at the  Police K-9 Olympics. There's some fierce but friendly competition here! 
 RT  Service New York, NY (NYP) to Boston, MA South Station (BOS) restored.  Residual delays expected.
 Agreed! RT  Today's weather is calling for a high of 96 degrees and partly cloudy. Gonna be a good beach day!
    and state unions have made a deal to stop cuts around the state & save 6,500 jobs. Details at 7am 
 Good morning  Lots of news today - Unions and the Governor reach a deal and there's a compeition btwn Police depts for the best k-9 team
 Now that's hot!   
  I'm out of the loop ... what's spotify?
 RT  Will present Key to City to Latin Jazz & Salsa Legend Ray Gonzalez  11:15am  City Hall. (cont) 
 RT  One of Levy Aron's attorneys quits  
 RT  QOTD: "Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." - MLK
 All  residents may cool down in  today. Cooling center will open at 9 am at the Senior Center  26 Park Place 
 Please be careful on tour busses! RT  1 dead, 30 hurt in another New York bound tour bus crash 
 RT  SEBAC spokesman says they're anticipating a long night as leadership heads back into meeting with Gov's team. 
 RT  The Ledyard and Gales Ferry Fire Departments will be open as emergency cooling centers in the (cont) 
  I'm sure you're talking about the IFB ;-)
 Some days I feel like I can't keep up with all the ideas in my head. Do you guys ever feel that way, or is it just me?
 RT  RT  Edwards must return $2m in campaign funds 
 A father says  rescinded admissions to 13 year old prodigy, UCONN says they never admitted her in the first place 
  has the 2nd highest  in the country, we're second only to Hawaii. A gallon of regular averages $4.03 
  will open fire hydrants to keep residents cool. You can also chill out in City Hall Council Chambers or at the Police Dept
 RT  There are ways to stay safe and cool when the temperatures rise. Tips on beating the  
  providing canteen service to firefighters working fire on Prospect Street in 
  Hot and Hazy over    
 For a list of closed Hartford public schools check out ctnow.com
 7  Public Schools will close today & tomorrow because they have no air conditioning. Schools will still offer free meals.
   you'll love  I'm kinda sorta hooked
 ICYMI: Sad story from  - 18 killed by car on the way to the store to run a weekend errand  
  to open  for the  starting tomorrow. Cool down at Parker Memorial & Pope Park Rec Centers
  true - but the beach is so much more fun!
 My plan for keeping cool today: 
  love the new profile photo! xoxo
 RT  Survey: Boston least friendly city  
 Just realized - I hit 1,000 tweets this weekend! Looking forward to the next 1,000!
  18 year old teen on a bike hit and killed by a car in    
 Attn    parking lots are filling up! Squantz Pond, Rocky Neck & Lattins Cove Boat Launch at Candlewood Lake are closed.
  police rescue   outside the     only on 
 Mother of cyclist killed in  told  she's stunned by the loss of her son- an 18 year old new father to a 5 month old baby
 Family & friends of Steve Henry Jr gathered where he was hit by a car and killed overnight in   
 Bike rider killed in  hit by car on a late night ride to the store. Car then crashed into gas station 
 Video:  Police Officer shot outside Loews movie theater early Saturday trying to serve warrant on suspect 
 RT  Deficit update: POTUS, VP and staff have been in touch with leaders and staff in both chambers and parties, discussing v ...
  I just spoke with the Police Chief in Widsor Locks. Accident was fatal. Middle aged man on bike killed by Amtrak train.
 More:  train struck & killed middle aged man in Windsor Locks shortly before noon today near RT 140 
  fatal bicycle vs train accident in Windsor Locks.  first on the scene. More tonight at 10pm with 
   officer shot at 2 am   investigating active crime scene 
 RT  Heading into work a little bit later today, anchoring the  News at 10 this Saturday! Tune in.
 RT   always keep themselves calm & silent but when they speak, its straight to the point & will hit your bones
 RT  1 killed, 3 wounded in another Newark shooting  
  Hope you guys are well and enjoying the California life! Xoxo
 Tell Spitzer I say hi! RT  Disagreement in the edit room. Have resorted to pelting Producer Spitzer with balled up old scripts.
 Wise words! RT  I've got $20 on  over  in this charity softball game. Should be a good one.
  I think its time for a  field trip. 
  you just made my day 
  Try the new Sonic in Manchester. It's a bit of a hike from Orange, but don't worry they serve chicken.
   releases full breakdown of layoffs and budget savings. Document is 111 pages long. Reading now
 RT  Jepsen To Groupon: Expiration Dates A No-No in CT 
 Sad story from my hometown  - 
 Hey tweeps: Just posted a new video to my FB page. Watch: One man's quest to help   victims recover 
  I'm going to begin practicing yoga and morning meditation. I think I'm going to need it. 
 
   Street  6 Weeks after the tornadoes  
   6 weeks after the Western and Cental Mass tornadoes, how are communities recovering? Find out on the  AM News
  - One of my favorite techniques for making   
 RT  BREAKING: Vehicle involved in Amber Alert found unoccupied in New Hampshire. Amber Alert REMAINS IN EFFECT  ...
 Great question RT  Why do standardized test results stink in diverse cities? 
 Hey wait, this isn't how the map really looks? RT  The Map of America As Seen by a New Yorker 
  in CT! Police searching for kidnapped baby RAYMOND SOLCUM last seen traveling in Hartford  5 am in FORD, NY plates DED 1769
 Hey tweeps, join me on Facebook and like my page for exclusive photos, videos and news updates! See ya there - 
 Have you seen missing  woman Marianne McKinnon? If so call Vernon detectives at (860) 872-9126  Photo: 
 NY Post: Madoff refund checks to hit mailboxes soon 
 Yay! Go Andrea! RT  Watching  on the View!!
 RT   say suspect in custody after dismembered body of a missing Hasidic boy found in two locations in  N.Y. http ...
 Andrea Canning is co-hosting The View today! So exciting! Everyone please tune in!
 Good morning  We're talking about swimming safety this morning on  I'm an avid beachgoer, and I still learned something. Tune in!
 Hey  how are you keeping cool today?
 RT    Photo of  dealing with possible  derailment   and 
  train derails at Grand Central with hundreds on board. Service suspended. So glad I took an earlier train into 
 RT  Manhattan U/D all trains in and out of Grand Central suspended
 Note to self: avoid Colli's offer to help w/frizz RT   I have a feeling it involves a bic razor
  dancers beat up waitress at  More:   
 RT  Red Rooster, the popular Harlem eatery Obama had his fundraiser at earlier this year, gets a (cont) 
 Can anyone else confirm? RT  RT  NEW HAVEN- Trauma Alert E16 O/S working a drowning at Lighthouse Point Park
 RT  Boat hits lighthouse on Hudson; 4 dead 
  It was just another week in the adventures of the  morning news. More importantly how was Mexico!?!
 Squantz Pond, Kent Falls and Rocky Neck state parks are all at capacity. Opt for other beaches if you're still heading out.  
  Fire Dept had  Street Fire under control in 6 minutes  
  Fire Dep't just got  St  under control  
  Police and Fire pipers marching in parade  
  working on a few stories for tonight's  news at 10
   how's your Saturday shaping up?
 Delays on I-91N btwn exits 46&47. Police and fire truck activity. 
 The one thing that annoys me about my job is waiting for people to call me back!
 Photo: The Gazela Primero at the dock in  ready for  
  turnpike standoff ends around 3 this morning with suspect in custody. 1 woman badly injured:  
 RT  JUST IN: Jury finds St. Francis at fault in Reardon abuse case 
 RT  More on Harry Smith leaving  He's going to  to be a part of new primetime news show. 
 Serenity now. Serenity now. Its been a long day.
  has exclusive details on the first homicide of the year in  Details at 11 am
    police arrest accomplice in May murder at the Super Convenience store
 RT  Grim. Nation’s employers increased their payrolls by only 18K in June, unemployment up to 9.2%.
  crew is on the way RT  RT  Structure Fire East Main st and Bridge st Ansonia 
  crime scene investigators videotape scene of a 2 am homicide on Boyden street.  
   crime scene unit collecting evidence at Boyden and Hanover after 2am homicide 
  crime scene unit  site of 2 am homicide on Boyden. Resident told me she's lived here 15 years and never seen anything like this
  just marked their first homicide of the year. A man was shot near Boyden and Hanover streets before 2am. details to come 
 Photo: Some progress on the south end of Main St in  5 weeks after the tornado  
     for the follow! Happy 
 RT  More than $2.6m in federal disaster assistance approved for Mass. residents affected by the June 1 tornado.  ...
 RT  We'll cover the Casey Anthony sentencing starting at 9am on 
 Chicken noodle soup with a soda on the side RT  Stanky Leg or Chicken Noodle Soup? 
 RT  RT  Exclusive: Elizabeth Smart to join ABC News as pundit for missing persons cases.  http ...
  if wine can come in a box, why can't dunkin donuts coffee?
 RT  Just clarification: I was trying to gain access to public lake. They were letting public in, but (cont) 
 RT  A volunteer firefighter threatened to arrest me. I got it all on camera. The 2 minute exchange is to die for.
  post the link to the story made on you guys!
  to receive $150k grant for iQuilt plan to create more green walkways in downtown area. 
 RT   wants more children? Anyone following the case needs to read this story from  
 Oh witty Karen RT  Is  on the case? RT  Developing:  pleads not guilty on 19 murder counts.
   identify victim of July 1 homicide: 24 year old Angel Gomez. My live  report on Gomez's death 
   endorse Rep Chris Murphy in his 2012 bid for the US Senate.   My  report: 
 RT  Army psychiatrist charged in deadly Fort Hood rampage in Texas to have military trial, will face death penalty  ...
 RT  Press conference at 2 p.m. at  city hall (550 Main) to focus on city financial decisions and additional lower ...
 Do you know of anyone still struggling to find permanent housing after the June 1 Western Mass tornadoes? DM me or email me aharry
  Police are investigating a string of overnight car break-ins. Details on how to keep your car safe coming up at 6:30 on 
 RT  RT  Seems like too many journalists are taking sides in  decision. Report the verdict and reaction.
 Who's surprised by  verdicts? who expected the outcome? 
 Video: Friends and family honor memory of 17 year old  murder victim 
 You can now follow CT  for updates on our  this summer. Follow   and 
 RT  Ridiculous story of the day: Bathroom attendants ration 1-2 sqs of toilet paper to women at Coney Island boardwalk  htt ...
 Thanks! RT  Follow   
 Video: Friends and family honor memory of 17 year old  murder victim 
 Reported this morning on 3 overnight shootings in  then went to a memorial for a 17 year old murdered in  
 RT  (70211010) Delays - HARTFORD I91N at Exit 28 (RTES 5 & 15 SB) at 7/2/2011 1:45:59 PM 
 17 year old Travis Washington, murdered last week in  Peace walk in his memory this afternoon in DeGale Park  
  did u just tweet me from the same car? And yes, they're talking to you!
  I hoped the large news truck and microphone would help people realize I'm not a gang member but, 
  3 shootings overnight in  one of them fatal. My report on the deadly start to the holiday weekend: 
 Just advised not to wear red when reporting from  of  by area resident. Could get confused w/gang colors 
  police confirm overnight shooting on Maple Ave. Efforting more details. 
 Just registered for  See everyone in 
 Cant wait to check it out! RT  Congrats harlem tavern opening today welcome from red rooster family
 RT  Tonight at Ten on Fox CT all winners on the courts of Simsbury... the Tennis Academy for autistic kids is on their A-game
  Woman falls to death off  Hospital in accident.  to have more details on ctnow.com shortly 
 Hey  What's going on in your town this weekend?
 RT  LAST DAY…Don’t put off registering for the  The rate jumps dramatically after today – from $380 to $800 for full membe ...
  just know -f there's breaking news out of  we're expecting a liveshot out of you guys. You brought the  right?
   : No contest plea entered in  Spring Weekend homicide 
 Wow! First the  now the  RT  The NBA has locked out its players.  
 RT  I am making a major announcement about my campaign at 4:30 on the front steps of City Hall. (cont) 
  Great seeing you on Sunday! Next time you have to stay for bowling! Let's catch up soon, can't wait to hear about your success!
 You can now follow CT  for updates on our  this summer. Follow   and 
  Thanks for the follow!
 RT  The Carone Family has arrived at Hartford Superior Court. Expect to see Adam Zachs appear within hour before he is sent ...
 I'm speaking with  Republicans &  on today's special session on the budget. Will they get a deal done today? Answers at 11 
 RT  We're on scene of a very serious construction accident in West Hartford    
  will install public safety cameras in residential neighborhoods. Thoughts? Good crime prevention or big brother watching? 
  Congrats and good luck!
  - Adorable little  playing near the Capitol. As cute as they are, I kept my distance 
 RT  Weiner's Wife Taking Time Off: Anthony Weiner's wife reportedly was taking time off from her senior job
 Rolling up sleeves for a good cause! RT  Come on by  today and give blood 285 Broad St. Hartford.
 RT  TSA busy searching elderly diapers and 3yo's, yet possible terrorist able to board&fly w/someone else's boarding pass h ...
 The  state fiscal year ends at midnight. Do you think lawmakers will close $1.6 Billion gap by end of today's special session? 
   What are your 4th of July plans?
 Congrats to  resident  for winning 
   have a new state party chair - Jerry  Labriola was elected into office last night
  announces nonstop flights from  to  Puerto Rico
 RT  'Bath Salts' Drug Operation Busted: Federal authorities in New York have charged 10 people and (cont) 
 RT  Tractor trailer accident I-95 north bound in new haven by exit 44 causing problems!
 RT  I just woke up feeling  great. Forever thankful my eyes are open,my heart is beating,my mind is clear. I have no limits God  ...
 RT  Body With Knife In Chest Found In Car: Stamford police are investigating the death of a 25-year-old city man who... http:// ...
 Concord street fire in  is under control   
 Gearing up for the  competition in  to benefit the  
  are you bowling with me today at Harlem lanes? 2pm
 RT  Free  tests to be offered Monday in  as part of National HIV Testing Day 
  Thanks for the follow! xoxo
  help! I need to find  Making falafel tonight and don't see tahini at  Any ideas on what store might carry it?
  thanks for the follow!
 RT  jeffisrael25: Reports of a chemical explosion inside of a Boston College classroom. Fire, HazMat &  all en route.  ...
  standoff on South Main street is over. Two suspects taken into custody. Residents may now return home
   service resumed between  and  but expect delays of 20-30 minutes  
 Watch:  police in standoff Saturday AM, residents evacuated. No shots fired & no injuries so far. More: 
  police in standoff with resident who may have a rifle. No shots fired & no injuries as of now 
 RT  Cmon all! Please call 855-492-2888 make easy $25 donation to camp courant , tune in to FOX CT now!  
   police in ongoing standoff at apartment on main street. Man inside home seen to be holding what may be a rifle
 RT  Osama & Whitey were  on the FBI Most Wanted list. Not anymore.  Who's left?   
  I guess those who get laid off can use the tour to find jobs
   for updates on potential state worker layoffs and its impact on 
 RT  Gov says CT should expect 7500 layoffs immediately. 
 WSJ: Accused mobster  had pistols in hallowed out books & 800K in cash, some stuffed into walls of his SoCal pad 
 It's  and I'm in a  and  kinda mood.  :-)
 Happy  everyone!  - what's going on this  Anyone going to  
 RT    I love y'all!!!!!
 Congrats  Kemba's was the 9th  pick last night, he's going to the  
 RT  I applaud the President’s decision to tap strategic petrol reserve. Good shock therapy that (cont) 
 RT  HPD to conduct DUI enforcement checkpoint, Thursday, June 23, 2011, 7 p.m. to 3 a.m., area of (cont) 
 RT  439 Massachusetts residents have been approved for more than $1.7m in federal disaster (cont) 
 If Maloy doesn't strike a deal with union members, do you think we'll see layoffs? More on the union votes:  
 RT  Jeremy Lamb Makes U.S. Under-19 Team: Here's the release just sent by USA Basketball:COLORADO
 So happy for  star and fellow NYCer  ! Make NY and CT proud! 
 Hey Tweeples! Like my facebook page for exclusive CT news photos and video: 
 More photos from fire on Great Hill Rd in  Good news: no injuries  
 Photo: Cews on scene of fire on Great Hill Rd in  looking 4 hot spots     
 RT  Former FBI lead investigator tells us he "knew  would get caught." But, he (cont) 
    Fire dept battling challenging  blaze on Great Hill Road
  council will vote to rezone small part of Stanley Park to make way for a Costco. Good for city biz or bad for the park? 
 RT  I'm disappointed by initial reports of Obama's new Afghanistan policy. Not enough to withdraw just 30K.
  mayor wants a Costco on a portion of Stanley Park. Good for biz or the destruction of public land? Details on  at 6:30
 RT  Fired up to broadcast live from the  on  Grip it and rip it!
 RT  N.J. Celebrates ‘Juneteenth’ Day: The 1st annual African Heritage parade was held in Elizabeth, NJ to commemorat... http:// ...
 RT  congrats to my bro  on making the u19 USA team..not surprised he's one of the hardest (cont) 
 "We are reminded today that freedom is never free." -Sen Blumenthal outside funeral of fallen  soldier Pvt 1st Class Eric Soufrien
 Mourners arrive in Hamden for the funeral of  Pvt 1st Class Eric Soufrinehttp://lockerz.com/s/112206409
 Lots to celebrate today:   and  !
 RT  Gov. Malloy Statement on the Celebration of  
 Amber alert lifted at 6:30 am. NYPD confirms boy taken to Bronx NY RT  Amber Alert Issued For Missing Ansonia Boy 
  Amber Alert lifted. Tyrese White and his grandmother were found safely. Tyrese has been reunited with the rest of his family
  in  - 11 year old Tyrese White is missing from  Watch  at 7 I'll  have details on why his family is concerned
 If you have info on abducted 11 year old  boy  call police at (203) 735-1885 or 911
  IN CT: 11 year old Tyrese White was abducted from Ansonia.  Suspect last seen driving Gray Acura with CT Plates 575XMV
 Southington Police & Fire still on scene   RT  CT Southington Burritt St & Echo Valley Rd MVA
 RT  Argument over girl leads to assault; one man arrested after slashing another man's face in    ...
 RT  What a beautiful day!!! Rise & grind!!!!
 Friends of  murder-suicide victim Dina Mehovic are gathering for a memorial servie 
  thanks!
 RT  Awake this early on a weekend? Might as well turn on  Morning News at 7AM!
 WNBC-TV in NYC brings back 5pm newscast after scrapping it 2 years ago for lifestyle programming 
 Hey  What's going on this weekend? Any fun events?
  are you covering  trial today? What's your take on the fight outside the courtroom this morning? 
 Man detained near Pentagon with what officials believe is ammonium nitrate, spent 9mm shells and pro-al Qaeda literature 
  its waaaay too early! Even for us early risers! Isn't there a Dunkin Donuts or a Panera open near you?
 Did you buy bad gasoline? Email us aharry RT  Video: Fox CT: Bad Gas Sold At Stations | 6/17 
  did YOU just tweet me from two desks away ;-P   Didn't see you over there... you're so quiet ... pensive even!
 RT  When you win, say nothing. When you lose, say less.” - Paul Brown
  what team do you cheer for?   Sox,  San Diego Padres?
  you're not alone. 7% of  baseball fans cheer for the  My dad is a huge Mets fan! There's room for 3 teams in 
 If you're not near a TV you can still watch  at 11 am online. We're live right now! 
 Quick - tune into the  11 am news and catch my story on the age old debate in  Are you a  or  fan? 
 Made this  last night and loved it! Alton Brown's flaming shirmp & grits.  
 RT  Geese Meat To Be Fed To Homeless: New York City and federal officials confirmed that if some of the city's wild ... http:// ...
 Al Qaeda has a new leader. Ayman al-Zawahiri is the new head of the terrorist organization More: 
 Men across  favor the  47 to 35 percent, while women favor the  42 to 39. Which gender has it right?
 Good morning! I'm on  at 8 reporting on a law suit against Hartford police. Did an officer's negligence casue a woman serious injures?
 Vancouver Riot Cleanup Organized Through Facebook, Twitter 
 When Rhondia DeNino found out she needed a double mastectomy, her co-workers sprang into action to help her pay for it. 
 Good morning early risers (or late night owls)! What's going on in your town today? 
 RT   - John Edwards Mug Shot ..  
 RT  Porn star Ginger Lee is going to talk about her interactions w/Weiner today at a 12:30p presser in NYC.. 
 After a bear and a mountain lion sighting in  all we need now is a tiger . 
 Cheapest city in  to buy a home?  Avg: $165,310. Most expesnive city is  Avg: $1.1 million 
 RT  Arrest Made In Brighton Beach Shooting: A 19-year-old man from Brooklyn was arrested Monday in (cont) 
  I'm still at work and you're tweets are making me hungry! Not fair! When is the Chicken Shack coming to Hartford?
 Rhonda DeNino's co-workers raised thousands to help pay for her double mastectomy. Details on this heartwarming story tonight at 10 
 TMZ: Rep  took photos of himself clothed and partially nude in the House Members Gym and sent them to a woman: 
 JUST RELEASED: Rep Giffords posts new photos on her Facebook page  
 Rep Anthony Weiner will take a leave from the House and check into rehab 
  Great reporting on  I wonder if/how this will shift public opinion on McDowell sending son to Norwalk school
 RT  Norwalk Police Chief Rilling: "Tanya McDowell should not feel that she can sell drugs on (cont) 
  resident snaps a photo of tree snapped ny Thursday's  She still has no electricity 
 RT  Fazul Abdullah Mohammed, terrorist suspected of deadly 1998 U.S. embassy bombings in Tanzania and (cont) 
 850+ homes in  without electricity RT  Looking for a restoration projection? Call 800-286-2000
 Now that  was arrested for drug possession, do you feel differently about her arrest for enrolling son in  school?
  city bus stuck in sink hole on Capitol Ave. One passenger & bus driver were on board. No injuries  
   city bus stuck in sinkhole on Capitol Ave. Police and fire dept on scene  
 Capitol Ave in  closed btwn Main and Hudson after part of a city bus fell into a sinkhole   
  the homeless mother arrested for sending her son to a  school was arrested last night on 29 drug charges.
 Racers ready to run 5k for Camp Courant 
 Clowning around at the BlumShapiro 5k to benefit Camp Courant 
 The  and Courant team is ready to race for Camp Courant!   and Joe Furey are here! 
 Teen gunned down on  boardwalk & eyewitness puts video on YouTube. Does posting the video cross the line? 
 Parts of East Street in  actually melted after a downed power line caught fire Thursday 
 Riveted by  tweets by journalista 
 What's the best  along the shore in  ... and don't say Rhode Island!
  to release 24,000 pages worth of  emails from her time  as Governor. CNN: 
 Tree knocks over powerline during yesterdays severe  in  
 Rejoice!  is opening in  this September!
 Sending in video to  of some scary  in  Please be safe  
 Just lost power for a few seconds in   moving into the city. Residents trying to make it home quickly. 
 RT  see severe  Snap a pic or video and send it to newsteam 
 RT  UPDATE: 15 year old Waturbury student killed after going on a joy ride yesterday.  Police investigating how he got the ...
 Severe damage in  caused by last nights storm.   
 Hey  Is your power out? Seen a lot of damage. Let us know! aharry
 RT  People in tornado ravaged Monson can't catch a break. Graduation delayed b/c of suspicious pkg. 
 Yeah Ryan, what gives?  RT   what do you have against your middle name 
 Hey! Click the link:  Hit the 'like' button and keep up with the exculsive photos and videos I post!
 It's the one week anniversary of the Western and Central Mass  I went back to  today: 
 RT  RT  Weinergate coverage is reminding me of elementary school when we first found out there was a Lake Titicaca.
 RT  Very hot for the next few days. Please be careful working or playing outside! Remember: no pets or children left... http ...
 Message in  MA from the town "thank you first responders"  
 RT  Talk about keeping your friends close... Woman tattoos 152 Facebook friends on her arm   via  ...
 NY Rep  admits to tweeting lewd photo to woman in Seattle 
 What a beautiful sunny day. Happy  
 Call for help in   after this weeks  
 First Church of  damaged by this weeks  Church services continued this morning 
 Services at the First Church of Monson resumed this morning after Wednesday's tornado tore off the steeple 
  in  MA helping with  cleanup 
 Out of service  hydrant a few feet from a house that burned last night on Sigorney Street in  
 Overnight  fire burns top levels of Sigorney St home. Owner tells  he thinks fire was arson 
 CONGRATS KAREN!! RT  ABC’s Karen Travers Moving to NewsOne - TVNewser  via 
 Photos from  in    
   and  all at the  in  to benefit 
  just kicked off in  to raise money for a  cure 
 RT  'Nightline' tops broadcast season and wins May sweeps. Beats 'Late Show,' 'Tonight Show' in key (cont) 
 RT  CT and NY reporters here... hearing that Le's fiancee Jonathan Widawsky and Clark's fiancee Jennifer Hromadka will be i ...
 Busy news day -  cleanup continues,  dies,  indicted and another  in 
 Utility crews lined up in  MA from as far away as Long Island. All ready for  recovery
 RT  "Attention, Attention... An emergency has been reported in building"  w sirens blaring... Marshal running upstairs
 RT  Assisted suicide advocate Jack Kevorkian has died 
 Just spotted  humvee in  MA for  recovery
   for coverage of today's sentencing of Raymond Clark in the murder of  grad student Annie Le
 RT  On   reports that John Edwards will be indicted today, barring an unlikely last minute deal
  photographer Al C. covering  damage in  MA 
 Tree tops ripped off in  MA by Wednesday's  Details on the damage on  at 7:30 
 Tree tops ripped off in  MA by Wednesday's  Details on the damage on  at 7:30 
 Reporting this morning from the  ravaged  MA 
 RT   will be celebrating 1st anniversary of   to  (cont) 
 RT  Gov. Malloy sends his condolenses and prayers to those in MA affected by yesterday's tornadoes
 Video: Searching the wreckage after the   and survival stories 
 FEMA marks searched homes in  Symbols show if anyone or any hazards were found during search 
 More from    This was actually the second floor of an apartment knocked over by tornado  
