 I'm gettin a car yay!! :) f u cta!
 my mother is so damn irritatin...like sdfu sometimes.
 i even forgot  existed. . .
 im kinda mad i missed  :-\
 RT  The truth hurts, but it doesn't kill. Lies may please, but they don't heal.
  cool!!
  :) did u have fun tho.
 I hate how ppl try to make break ups seem easy 2 get over. IT HURTS! point blank. .
  sorry Hun!! uk ily bestie!! :)
  I totally txtd u!!!! or mayb I txtd ur old number :-/
  y love?!
 RT  LSIMH laughing silently in my head.
 Ppl smoke weed as a fad. smh. :-/
 Summer is blowin away so quickly. ugh!
 RT   Party Monster
 RT  Enjoying my cousin and the people who love me......
 I think my bestfriend  forgot I existed -__-
 Aint nun Netflix but old 90s movies tht wasnt even worth watchin. . .
 Netflix is serious garbage.
 It is death hot outside then it's gonna b like this all week :-/
 Look at my lil pumpkin!! :) such a cutie aint she. 
 RT  Never hate people who are jealous of you, but respect their jealousy. They're the ones who think that you're better th ...
 RT  I̶ ̶c̶a̶n̶'̶t̶ ̶l̶i̶v̶e̶ w̶i̶t̶h̶o̶u̶t̶ y̶o̶u̶. Sorry I Can.
 This lady do not kno how to act. . Smh
 I'm mad my momma ringtone motivation....
 RT  . GOTTA LOVE SPOILING ME. CUZ IMA SPOILED BRAT. :)
 i fly, i fly high im blazin... -__-
 relationships at this age r overrated. :-/
 RT  Good girls are bad girls that never get caught. 
  yeaa yeaa sure. bet u were.
  smh kill yoself foo!!
 I wish  wake her zombie ass up. lbs. :-/
 RT  Are relationships at teenage years really real or a combination of confusion and hormones
 Old enough to kno better, too young to give a fuck
  mfs forgot about DeeDee huh
 Im mad  jus hung up on me...silly ass n la la land n shit. -__-
  space jam!! love this movie.
 This summer dont feel as fun as last summer. . .
 F U mcdonalds!!
 i feel so sick. :( i think i got food poisoning. . .
 Summer breeze!! :) <3
 RT  Dear Heart {❤} , Please stop getting involved in everything. Your job is to pump blood, that's it...
 I hope it dont rain 2day. . :-/
 RT  I'm ready to let go, move on, be happy, but there's always this little shred of "Well, maybe he'll want me tomorrow."
 RT  I'm not heartless, I've just learned how to use my heart less...
  kk I'll b there ma'am
  when u gone come back around chick?! mfs miss yo whack ass :)
  lil Wayne -how to love <3 
 Breakin up is hard. to move along is even harder. .
 RT  I love you too much to leave but it hurts too much to stay. 
 RT  Don't let people rent space in your head...just let it go!!
 Sometimes I wish I could erase the memory of ever knowing u exist. <\3
  lol if I don't remember it didnt happen. ;)
  yeaa at the end of the yr. :-/
  lol look who's tlkn miss lemon lime lmaoo
 I miss    n  :( *tears*
 I hate when u go thro sumn tht took ur all to do tht didn't even benefit u in the end. waste of time.
 I hate being sick. :(
 I must say I love beyonce's song best thing I never had. she jus took the words rite out my mouth. ;)
 im not really feelin this  on the 1st 48. .
 i will never offer somebody help anymore. nobody appreciates anything i c.
 i am so freakin irritated. im officially blown. -__-
 i hate helpin ppl write papers....i hate homework period.
 im mad these teachers still givin out work knowin they dont wanna grade papers. :-/ 
 young girls dont know how to dress appropriate for skool when it's hot. :-/
 Erasing the memory. .
 I c ima b in the shop all nite. -__- 
 So now they say the world ending aug. or jul.21. . .im a lil sick of this old mann waiting on the world 2 blow. -__-
  the first 48. . This my show.
 skool is slowly ending. i still dont c a point in y we're still here....
 i need to go shopping to put me back in a good mood. :-\
 excuse me while i kiss the sky. -jimi hendrix
 im mad my twitter actin up. :-\
 RT  .I'M SO TIRED OF SCHOOL. ITS COMING 2AN END BUT ITS TAKIN 4EVA
 RT  Silence is a girl's loudest cry. You can always tell she's really hurt when she starts ignoring you
  awww love u lots hun!! :)
 U can't b lovers without love. .
 
 RT   love hard, but once we let go, we're thru.
 I think its safe to say accounting is not for me. .  :-/
 I seriously can not wait to get out this skool. . .
 I hate it when im n a real good mood and somebody comes n fuk it all up. Smh. -__- 
 
 thinkin bout the past wondering y i aint do this a looooong time ago. smh. guess i was stuck. =\ 
 omg i missed u diary!!  =) heyyyy.!
 i am sooooo happy this morning!! yay DeeDee <3 !!!!!!!!
 morning twetties!! i hope everyone has a wonderful day like i will!! =)
 RT  whenever you're feeling worthless, just remember, you were the fastest sperm. no one can take that from you 
 RT   may be emotional, but surprisingly, we are the most resilient. Maybe it comes from repeated hurt. 
  tht movie so epic. I should slap u. lol
 Nobody lives for the moment anymore.
 RT  You sometimes think you want to disapear, but all you really want is to be found.
 My mind has been all over the place lately. I need me time. :-/
 RT  these black bitches kill me with this blonde ass weave 
  naw love don't live here anymore lol
 I'm mad  decided not to come to major 2day. .she kno I b bored. :-/
 My teacher finally got wifi. . .bout time. -__-
 I'm mad it's rainin, hailin, n humid!! wht mothernature got against Chicago :-/
 RT  im  bi me something i become sexual.!
 i guess i wont b startin a blog anytime soon :-\
 i can not seem 2 work tumblr. . . :-\
 so it get a lil hot outside n all these hoes half naked smh. nobody is lady like anymore.
 i hate waitin on ppl!! if they was gonna b this long i couldve called some1 else.
 my momma playin! she actin like she dont wanna buy me this car. smh! i tell u bout these parents these days. :-\
 RT  Giving up doesn't always mean your weak, sometimes it just means you're strong enough to let go.
 RT  . OLIVIA.  ILIKE IT. :)
 Mann...im kinda feelin the kid :)
 Sydney do look like she on drugs.
 She thought tht "chief excutive bitch" shit was cute. 
 All them hoes was under Char ass now they finally peeked out n wanna n all angry. 
 RT  10 years, 2 wars, 919,967 deaths, and $1,188,263,000,000 later, we managed to kill one person. Worth it?
 RT  Use CONDOMS today or buy DIAPERS tomorrow...
 I HATE being sick. :-/ 
 I truly HATE being sick :-/ this sux. 
  aint wht it use to be. .
  Ricky gettin shot on boyz n da hood.
 Springbreak is a big ass tease b4 summer vacation. -__- smh!!
  I'm finna unfollow u. . :-/
 One thing I can say I can not stand n do not like is a send off. don't tell me ur gonna do 1 thing n u do another.
 So im finna get tattd up n im scared lol
  oh im out ther lol
  of wht month
  aint it the 24
  !!! -__- coolin. .
 RT  .I'M LOVING MY LIL WEEK N WEEKEND. SMILING
 I love my lil sis  .  aint she a boss lol
 RT  Single" and "In A Relationship" are just terms, your actions determine your status.
  finna take 4ever makin a sim n me n  finna b rushed when it's our turn. smh!!
 RT  If he says he loves you and you're heart dosn't skip a beat, don't say it back, because it isn't true.
 RT  Can't be jealous if I had it already *shrugs*
 RT   are prone to flattery and charm!
 RT  The best time to be Single is during the Summer!!
  tatiiii!!!!!! use ur picture ma'am I almost didnt find u lbs.
 RT   your real friends nd start replacing them with a bunch of fakes nd wannabes !!
 My 1st Saturday I got to sleep n since the beginning of the year. . =)
 i wanna go c a real scary scary movie. nobody makes those anymore i c :-\
  we really should n mayb we can invite the dips lol
 i missed my diary  2day..now i aint gonna c her 4 a whole week bummer! :-\
  n its finna rain. good sleepin weather tho. too bad sumn always mess it up. it jus mite flood. smh.
 im mad im at  house by myself all alone..dnt ask y cuz idk. SMH!!
  =)
  lmaoo hell yeaa loud as hell 2.
 i wanna go 2 the movies 2 c scream 4 & insidious..n i wanna  get my tattoo.
 patiently waitin on this spring break...ik im not gonna feel like comin 2 skool after this. :-/
 relationships are overrated....
 soooo ppl wanna tell all they beeswax 2day. smh. then wonder y ppl b tlkn shit bout them later.
 RT  . NO HOW TA EAT DAT MF. LBS
 RT  .BORED TALKIN TA MY DEEDEE.
  b 2 freaky on twitter after dark...smh. shame on u!!
  omg!! Me either. ima need u 2 txt me wht u gotta tell me ma'am :)
  imy2!! I went 2 Alicia house.
  lol girl uk u can hml
 2day im determined 2 get 2 skool on time!! :) let's c how this works. . .
 Mornin twitties!!! :)
 RT  let God lift you up. He will do it
 RT  Dear mom, Please get off of Facebook... and take grandma with you.
 Oh no!! it looks like it's gonna rain. . :(
 RT   loves to read, loves poems and loves art.
 RT  We are like dominoes. I fall for you, you fall for another.
 Hopefully 2day is the last Saturday I got at the skool!!  . . .
 I'm n tht stay home all weekend n watch movies kinda mood. . .guess ima call SKP :-/ 
  "im not like yo ex ima treat u better" ...3months later u r the ex :-\
  if u so sure we gettin back 2gether whts the point of takin a break. . .
  baby uk u the only 1 :-/
 RT   We gon get back together we just takin a break
  i love u.
  theres always tht auntie tht does the most when they didnt even like the person tht passed. 
 RT  No school :)
 I don't understand y ppl expect u to wait on them forever. .
 Y do I keep letting u break my heart back into pieces over n over again. . .
 My love has a limit. . .
 Jus had the best nap n the world!! :) 
 RT  You were not built for guilt.    
 Love is for losers. . . :-P
 I aint gettin chocolate wasted no mo. . . O_o
 RT   just cause you have a big ass that doesnt mean you sexy
 There's no point of holdin on to someone tht wasnt afraid of losin u..
 Ppl these days only think about themselves. . .
  my drivers Ed test. .
 I feel like ima fail this test 2ma. . .not motivated at all -__-
 RT           ...
  since he on a shoppin spree. .tell him to buy yo bff deedee 1 lol
 SKP think his shit don't stank. . .stanky booty ass jus farted. :-/
  stfu punk !!
 RT   are considered Narcissistic!
 RT   "Free My Nigga _________ "
 Uh y is  finna have its season finale. . .it seem like it was only on 4 2days :-/
 RT    are able to put themselves in others shoes and see things through another person's point of view.
  lmao!!! im finna say tht all day 2ma.
 RT  I not yo mama I'm yo grandma
 Nikki too thirsty 4 tht lil date. . .
 Y is Romeo at the  random ass guest. :-/
 RT  Sometimes you have to smile, pretend everything is okay, hold back the tears and just walk away. 
  lol im sorry. . . I had business to do.
 Im only watching  bcuz of Romeo :)
  girl 2:30. . .
  I am n skool Missy!! n she said yeah. .
  go to skool!!! :)
  I didn't kno!!! sorry ily :) <3
 Sunny days. .everybody loves them. tell me baby can u stand the rain. <3
 I want sum jerk chicken n my momma on games actin like she don't wanna go get it. .I tell u bout lazy ppl. smh!!
 Gettin ready to go to class. .ugh!! -__-
 hmmm. . .do i wanna go 2 5thpd. :-/
 i need a new charger for my phone!!!!!! this sux :-\
 i hope my mother allows me to stay over  house this weekend. . . i feel like a child (-__-)
 Mornin tweeties !!! TGIF !!
  lol !!
  lol blah blah I'll try !! ;)
  Im sorry n ily!! I really did txt u tho. .
 Well scream 4 looks like bullshit. . :-/
 RT  Mike is irritating AF  
 Mike bitchmade ass jus pissed me off. . 
 Everybody has those days. . .
 RT  Friends are overrated. I got a couple of cool bitches & chill niggas I Fuck with tho.
 RT  I hate when someone always wants to play the VICTIM!!
 I think ima write sum poetry 2day. .
 I think my fb page got hacked. . .oh well :-/ 
 Mornin tweeties!! :)
  thts cuz nobody was callin u duh lmao!
 RT  Your bestfriend cant top mine  she got dat super bass lol
  nooo u didnt ma'am lbvvvvvvvs
  Ima smack u for changin yo number every 3months lol
 Sooo myself n  r goin shoppin 2ma. . .hopefully it dont rain on our parade. -__-
 RT  It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to
  I think it's a valid excuse.
 yup im tht cloud kicker!! missin my bro/rasta Bruce!! :-/
 RT  I try to play cool actin like wat u do don't phase me mean while I'm sittng at home all alone tryin keep myself fro ...
 I'm so mad I broke my glasses. . .now I can't do my homework. bummer!! :-P
 I want  to stfu! FML. . . lbvsss
 RT  I hate people who call me weird.
 skool. . . burr!! (in my gucci voive) -__-
 spring break needs 2 hurry up n get here. . . . n then skip 2 summer break :)
  at your best -aaliyah
 RT  ME N  THINKS ITS 2 EARLY 4 DA FREAKY ISH. LBS- RT  "like a big wet pussy wit a fork && a  ...
 it is too many real problems in this world for ppl 2 b selfish. . .
 dont judge me cuz u dont kno me!!
 RT  I hate School like seriously I HATE IT!!!
  . .
 RT  shit was all good just a week ago.
 n im mad my diary  sittin next 2 me n dont c nothing wrong! smh. :-\
 times like this i need a real friend to talk 2. . .where  n  N T.Jones at?! :( 
 i need money...:-/
 patience is a virtue. . .
 morning tweeties!! :)
  uk we cant sit 2gether 2ma lol. . .
 RT  .So Mr. Jeanty just got mad me n  was talkin STFU. You cnt teach anyway bitch.
 Im glad its raining rather than snowing :-/
  I miss u suppa freak!! :)
 Since I got older idgaf bout the petty things. u could  4 all I care. :-|
 off 2 skool. . .late as hell :-|
 RT  Tired of school.
 ima miss my  today. she leavin me by myself :(
 i really need to start gettin to skool on time..mornings are hected :-\
 Morning twitter!!! :)
  I'm not tellin my momma ima jus leave like byeee lol
 Im so glad this weather n chicago gettin betta. too bad it's gonna snow next week. :-/
  I heard he goin out down state so I think its cancelled but ima go in the office to ask to b sure.
 ima need this computer not 2 move so damn slow. . .
  u betta b  tht meets me upstairs n dont walk off on me 2day ma'am!!
 Looks like ima b late 2day. smh. . .
  dr.house would tho... :-/
  yeaa I dont wanna miss two days n b kicked out uk lol
  omg!! how u kno lol
 I'm so sleepy!! this daylight savings stuff is killin me..... :-/
  u need to b lol I think ima try to get to skool early 2day :-/
 RT   As a  Somehow you always seem to end up with a partner who doesn't quite understand you, who limits ...
 My momma a beast 4 gettin me sum harolds :) 
 Y is tht foo on the floor naked?! lol 
  where were u today ma'am?! :-/
  sure thing by Miguel  this my shit! :)
 
 I need to stop being late 4 my 1st class. :-/
 Im sooooooooooo sleepy. :-/
 RT  <== 
  when it come on againnnnn lol
  =P
 I hope I aint miss basketball wives. -___-
 Smh. he couldve told me he had a gf. smh smh. -__-
 U b the match. ima b yo fuse. BOOM!
 Sex is a part of nature. I go along with nature. -Marilyn Monroe.
 N sum fries. yeaa fries =P 
 I kinda want a philly cheese steak. :-/
 Ima need to find a blog site. :-/
 RT  Waka Flocka say he "Nigga Rich" what the fuck is that? lmao
 Can i get a window seat. don't want nobody next to me.
 Wake up n the mornin feelin like p.diddy!! or puff. or Sean w.e tht nigga call himself :-/
 I hope me lookin older now don't catch up wit me later..... :-/
 I think I tend to look older than wht I am :-/ 
 Arnesha always n the back lol (insider) 
 Yay I get to go to my bestfriend house!! :) I was so bored :-/
 I hate being home on a Friday nite. :-/
 Mike tyson tlk like a bitch. high pitch ass voice. :-/
 i miss my french teacher mr.silverstein :( 
 my friend char jus made my day!! we only have 3 months of skool left :) OMG  :) :) :) :) =P
  love -musiq.soulchild <3 
 Idk y im still on fb. :-/
 Im mad I've been missin americas next top model :-/
  goofy butt been here since 9 this mornin lol smh.
 School is pointless. :-|
 Emily momma gonna have a heart attack. 
 Jenna ass needed to get slapped. 
 Aria parents thinkin too hard bout the dude she tlkn to. 
 Teena Marie was so beastin!! she had hella soul.  -___-
 I need an energy boost. :-/
  damn!!
  wht channel Selina on???!!!
  ok lemme kno me n my peeps goin out 2nite
 There is not a day me n  is not together lol
  it's cool im playin wit yo eyeshadow anyway lol when u comin to the city
 So I thought me n  was gonna do a lil swap 2day :-/
 I'm mad I can't get my iPod charger until Tuesday. :-/
  wht yall do n wainaina
 ima need my daddy to put my money on my card so i can go to the movies n get me summin 2 eat real quick!!  :-/
  crooklyn
  belly wit  in it. toooooooo much nudity lol
 morning twittes! :)
 Im real mad somebody stole from me. n if its who I think it is thts petty. smh. :-|
  where is everybody gettin my pix u like the 4h person lol n id look evil im innocent :)
  lol yeaa around her waist tho. she a size 6.
 It's a shame  is 1size bigger than Jennifer hudson
 i need to stop missing days of skool!!!! :-\
 I think ima buy  a gps system. she got lost goin to 87th from 79th lol
  ily :) <3 ur such a big baby lol
 I c females don't have boundaries n dudes dont have standards anymore. smh.
 RT  I swear these dummies on the "first 48" snitch on themselves all the time
 RT  The Game needa be more than 30 mins tho
 Ol girl jus wanna freak melanie lol 
 I bet Derwin not even gonna wanna have tht 3sum. 
 Lol Malik look mad as hell
 Malik shouldve known tht chick was crazy. 
 RT  That girl look like Nicki Minaj on the Game.
 I could not date an athlete. :-/
 RT  Smiles are like band-aids. They cover up the pain, but it still hurts. 
 I hope  don't start gettin pointless n boring. :-/
 Y ppl b tryna get freaky on twitter. smh.
  90210 -Wale. 
 RT  some of these people take twitter and facebook wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy to serious.
 So now I cant breathe out my nose. :( FML!!!
 You're amazing just the way you are. <3
 It smell like pure medicine in my room. halls. vicks rub. icy hot. ugh. :-/
 I kinda like Chris brown blonde hair. just as long as this the only time he does it. the world doesn't need another sisco. :-/ 
 RT  Nicki Minaj  Lil Kim at this moment.. But back in Kim's days Nicki wouldnt come close
 I miss my  I havent seen her n days. :(
 Omg I feel so horrible!! I think I possible have the flu. :(
  im sick :-/
 Boyz. we r the boyz n motion. we give u our devotion!!! I miss thats so raven!! :-/ 
  the only exception -paramore <3
 Morning tweeties!! :)
 Now im losing my voice. smh. FML!!! :(
 Is everybody on Disney channel tryna b a singer?! WTF. -_-
 Omg. im seriously gettin sick. noooooo!! :( smh.
 I c he don't kno how to leave when it's clearly over. smh. :-/
 RT  Summer............... Hurry. The. Fuck. Up. kcool thanks. 
 i hate when i txt somebody n they txt back like 5hrs later answering my txt. -_- 
 im real mad i had detention this mornin....WTF is tht?! ugh. -__-
 I really cant wait for the summer time!! :) 
  ima make dudee take me lol
 I wanna go see 
 Lmao y mike thro tht thing like tht!! 
 I missed like 5 episodes of skins. :-/
 Vinny is a low key sweetheart!! 
  my nose aint funny!!  lol
  ok cool jus txt my phone 2ma at 7th. :)
  angel of mine -Monica <3
 I look at u looking at me. now I know y they say the best things are free. <3 :)
  I was there u jus aint c me probably but I didnt come yesterday.
  imy2 :)
 I think I should attempt to wrap my hair. :-/
 RT   me the same thing more then once I saw it the first time I will reply when im ready
 RT   Back Saying: "Yuup" "Yep" "K" "KK" "Aww" "O" OR "Ight"
 Do u repect the pouch? lol
 RT  Sex relieves tension, love causes it...<3
 RT   Ugly toes
 RT  I tend to love what I don't have. The bad thing, sometimes I forget to love what I do have! 
 I don't like depending on people. :-|
 Omg!!! ive been here an hour n we aint leave yet.
 I hate waiting on ppl. -__-
 I hope  make a good decision!!! :-/
 RT   and  if you out here Gang Banging in 2011 smh
 i dont think life is short n i dont c y ppl make tht statment. its only short if u dont do anything wit ur life. :-/
 chicago weather dont kno what it wanna do. first it was decently warm, then cold, raining, n now snowing. WTF :-|
  make any regrets. whats done is done and u learn from mistakes.
  yes n plus I aint finish tht work from last week sooooooooooo lol
 So there's this new guy...dont kno wht 2 say about him yet. stay tuned. :-/ 
  50mins wit out tht teacher is a blessin n disguise girl u betta smile lol
 Its funny how im so over u lol
 I swear ipod batteries don't last long at all. :-/
  I never knew tht.
  tht shit crazy rite lol how do u get like tht tho.
 This lady on this show heavy aint nvr had sex cuz of her weight. she like 40. smh.
  im 4real we don't hang out anymore.
