 RT  Lol all the sometimey Muslims I know (and I know many) go ham for Ramadan  *sideeye* <-Ha! You said go "ham".
 Happy Birthday  A pioneer and inspiration in many ways. Keep Rockin'.
 I just liked "Tripod Trix" on Vimeo: 
 RT      D HAT Official video  ...
 RT  All these billion dollar corporations that pay no taxes...bitch ass mother fuckers
 RT   R.I.P. Mumford High School too. 
 R.I.P. Cass Tech.
 RT  Just watched higher learning now I'm about to go to work. Bet not see no bald white men or its going down. <-LOL!!
  Right! Just talking about "grinding".
  Getchu one. Shiiiddd...sometimes you gotta take it.
  That's a good amount of time. Might be the perfect amount actually.
 Folks act like they grind all day long. They don't.
 Damn, it felt good just laying in bed all day.
 www.DamonLThomas.com || www.PresidentialTelevisionandFilm.wordpress.com
 Killed that shit...I might *ahem* will add.
 RT  Music eases my mind ..
  Nah...it was a lie.
 RT   haaaa..nigga soundin thirsty <-Very much so, but fugg it.
  About him buying a jet that circulated on blogs, TMZ, etc. yesterday.
 Shout out to Soulja Boy who got himself some free press from journalists and over-zealous media jumping to print that story. Well played.
  That's dope.
  Agreed. A true pioneer that was "ahead of time and space".
 RT  Got a chance to show my  folks Nuface in a video thanks to  .Continue to make the city proud and visual ...
 RT   For Reel Life Productions <-  
 RT  A wise man told me that if $$ can solve your problems; then u don't have real problems.. 
 RT  Timing....
 RT  RT  [Video] FA The Squad - The Pilot Trailer - 
 RT  RT  www.fathesquad.com
  You're avi is dope by the way.
  Depending on what you're trying to shoot, that's shooting time...not to mention editing.
  That shit sound easy as shit, don't it?
  You got something I can listen to over an original beat?
 At some point, you have to live life for yourself and not by others' expectations.
 Some cats are upset that Jay and 'Ye talk so materialistic on  but they always have.
  Check DM
  True.
  Agreed. I wonder if they pick any Black couples.
 RT  Casting: Couples getting married between Sept & Nov 2011 needed for a unique Documentary-style ... 
 RT  www.fathesquad.com ll www.theboyillinois.com
  Can't respond cause you're not following me.
  Done.
  Yeah, what's the deal?
  I feel bad that I laugh so hard at stuff like this. Then I laugh some more and all is well.
  Hasn't Hip Hop been materialistic to a degree? A lot of the pioneers I grew up on boasted about what they had.
 RT  Random photo: A warning to those who try too hard.  
  Let's do it.
 There will NEVER be a definitive G.O.A.T., but I appreciate artists who perform as such.
 2Niggas callin' themselves "The Throne"isn't 'Hip Hop', B. I say them niggas battle.
  That shit's  I can tell that the video budget was low, but that shit's dope! I'm a new fan.
 Shit's dope though.  
 Part of the reason I like it is because it's a good video..lol! in my opinion.  
 Lecrae- Jesus Music Video  <-This shit's dope!
   Ok, I bit the bullet...googled...and that shit is hot fiyah!!
   LaCrae?? Sorry, too lazy to google.
  Yep. HipHop gospel show on a Sunday morning 107.9. They actually brought I back..lol!
  There's a Sunday morning gospel show on one of the radio stations here in ATL. That was the first place I heard that song. Funny.
  Ok. The sample and Jeezy's adlibs did it for me. Oh yeah, and what Ye' was spittin'.
  It does knock in the whip, but the lyrics was disappointing to me. And Beanie Sigel saved "Do It Again"
  Blue Magic still hasn't grown on me. Pharrell didn't do EnVogue right..lol!
  I could be biased to songs that aren't formulated for radio play, but I think overall it's dope.
  Oh no!! The sample MAKES the song. Not sure if 'Ye chopped it up himself, but that shit's hord!!
 Yeah, that's a great line.
 "Photo Shoot fresh, lookin' like wealth / I'm about to call paparrazi on my self" - Jay-Z
 I love the line "I made 'Jesus Walks', I'm never going to hell" maybe a lil' too much.
 Everything literal. Throw it up in our/everybody's  faces. Yeah.
  Gotta ask...WHY? Why you don't like this song?
  Oh no! You not likeing the song may be our musical break-up. We've had a long journey...lol!
 White Backdrop. Just a barrage of imagery. Anything they could fit into a soundstage. Jewlery, Wardrobe, Cars, Jay's marriage cert., all dat
  Exactly. Everything that niggas talk about, visually show how they upped the ante.
 ...In black and white.  Just completely show off.
 I know, I know...videos don't have to be as literal as the lyrics, but I hope Jay-Z and Kanye would just stunt on niggas in the  video.
 "Lookin from the surface it may seem like I got reason to be nervous Been observant, work to see if my..." 
  I really hope so.
  Chuuuch!
 RT  I only plan on becoming better. Being a director is not just a dream, but a passion, a desire, a love, an emotion, & great ...
  I never try to compete with others...just myself.
  Suppose to be a little over a month...we'll see for how long though.
  Yeah, I fux with it.
 Audio:  T.I. - “Doin’ My Job” 
 "With all due respect, we o'nt even be fuckin' with y'all..." - 
   "Doin' My Job"
 RT  RT  
 RT  today I got nothing but good news for 
  Man, I'm havin' a blast doin' tricks..lol!
 IKEA shopping carts are 
 RT  All this snitching on urself with loud this, dro that..u might as well say u toot powder too. smh   ...
 RT  I HATE when people asked me what I'm mixed with & I say nothing.
  LOL!!
  I thought it was a river in Africa.
  Haha! I love it when I'm more righter. Lol!
  That sounded better in my head..lol!
   though. That's an impossible question to ask considering what we are makes us who we are.
 RT   if you don't know bout that Giant Slide in the back. 
 RT  Greed polutes !
 RT  F.A. The Squad  
  I totally agree. 
 RT  These questions of turn x from Black to white (or vice versa) are silly, not assuming you the lifelong experience being the o ...
 RT  Impossible question. RT   If Eminem were Black, would he be hailed as "one of the best"?
 RT   is a talented dude check him out
 RT  If Eminem were Black, would he be hailed as "one of the best"? Think about this for a second.<-If Jay-Z was white, would he?
 So...how's that Kelly Rowland album?
   Ha! I can't wait to get back to the D. Enjoy it while you're up there bruh!
  That's not rude. Saying "hell no" is rude. "I'm straight" is another way of saying "no thank you".
 I know half the times people say "Go pick up *insert new album* by *such 'n such*" they don't even pick it up themselves. 
 RT  everybody go get  new album! Just came out today <-I'm straight.
  Let me know if my services could be of benefit to any of your clients. Thanks. 
  Right back atcha!
  
 RT  White Actor Defends V-Nasty’s Use of N-Word; Should Black Rappers Take Blame?  <-No.
 Live and Let Live.
 RT  The Pilot Trailer - 
 RT  "I am.. whatever you say I am!" - Eminem <- 
 RT  Wal-Mart is now in the movie streaming biz. 
 VIDEO:  -  feat.  - Presidential Television and Film: 
 But before there was  there was this: 
   via 
 The omnipotence of Al Qaeda and meaninglessness of "Terrorism" - Salon.com Mobile  <-Good Article.
  Thanks for all you do...the show is the awesome.
 RT  Waka Flocka Flame caught at mall with weed, but not charged 
 "I see…the gimmicks, the wack lyrics…the shit is depressing, pathetic…please forget…" - The Notorious B.I.G. 
 RT  "There's more to life than watching other people live it."
  Stay strong.
  That's terrible. I'm sorry for your loss. Sending up prayers now.
  Everything's swell. How about yourself, sunshine?
 *Lauryn Hill to the mirror* "Girrrrrl...you know you need to...watch out..."
 www.DamonLThomas.com | www.PresidentialTelevisionandFilm.wordpress.com
 RT   - Courtside Prod By  (D.Rose Tribute)  Dir By  
  Wait until it starts winning Oscars and Golden Globes.
 That 27 Club is some sild shit.
 RT  I feel bad for the girls that still thinks that the world owes them something 
 RT  You will buy a $500 purse, pair of shoes or tickets to an event and with a straight face say you ... 
  I love summers too...in the early morning and late night.
  I'll live...Fall isn't too far away. *smile*
  Now you tell me..lol!
  I've been sayin' the same thing...too many collabs. Rap is one big "We Are The World" song right now.
 RT  I think the music industry has gone soft,beef raps made it more interesting.It got more attention by fans < *nodding head*
  I went the Love Center a few times. Only church in Atlanta I've liked.
 RT  You've been working out for a yr....maybe ur avi is just big...o.0 <-LOL!!
 RT  its supposed to be 110 today!!!! <- Noooooo!
  That's how some fools, I mean folks look at it. You hatin' on the farmers gettin' to the money, B. Lol!
 RT   Just saying.I don't like asparagus.Am I Hating on asparagus and the farmers that grow them?lol
  Indeed.
 RT   To call someone a Hater one would have to actually BE a Hater.You Think?
  LOL!!
 I don't care if *insert random artist* is your favorite, nigga. That nigga's wack.
 If the worst you can call me is a "hater", you need to step your insult game up.
 RT  and if you got a girl that's holdin you down and u out here fuckin her over u stupid. Ain't nothin out here
  That's real right there.
 RT  I read something this week that really resonated with me. It said "Some people don't need a miracle...they just need a memory.."
 VIDEO: Benjamin Brim - Almost Through (Acoustic) - Presidential Television and Film: 
  Getting? Lol!!
 Video: Beyoncé: A Spring Afternoon In Paris" on Presidential Television and Film: 
     Pushin
 Photo: “Jesus Saves” On the set of “Georgia” video with Tabius Tate and Mad James Auburn Ave., GA Photo:... 
 Photo: On the set of “Georgia” video with Tabius Tate and Mad James Auburn Ave., GA Photo: Damon L. Thomas 
 Photo: On the set of “Georgia” video with Tabius Tate and Mad James Auburn Ave., GA Photo: Damon L. Thomas 
 Photo: On the set of “Georgia” video with Tabius Tate and Mad James Auburn Ave., GA Photo: Damon L. Thomas 
 Photo: On the set of “Georgia” video with Tabius Tate and Mad James Auburn Ave., GA Photo: Damon L. Thomas 
 I AM TABIUS TATE: on set of "Georgia" with Mad James... 
 RT  WHEN THE WORLD SEES  "NATURAL" ft.  IT'S GOING TO MARK THE NEW EPIDEMIC FOR MUSIC! WHAT UP  ...
 People get SO mad when twitter be fuggin' up. Makes me wanna ask, "Damn, how much you paid for it?"
 New Logo 
 Video: "Watch The Throne" Documentary" on Presidential Television and Film: 
 RT  Man sentenced to 4 yrs. for elaborate  stalking & email scheme. 
 RT  TRC Blog Post: [VIDEO] "WATCH THE THRONE" DOCUMENTARY :: JAY Z, KANYE WEST, BEYONCE, AND MORE! 
 RT  Bonus Game: Never confuse POPULARITY with RESPECT.
  Thanks. FaSho!
 RT   wha'down bro i love what u doin for my lil bros FA u bring they shit to life bro hopefully we can work  ...
    It's bout to be a HOT summer.
  Wait until you see what  and I got with "Georgia".
 RT  AND  IS A BEAST BEHIND THE LENS! SO IS MY MODE  - KILLIN' EM! I'MMA GET LIKE YA'LL ONE DAY SOON...
  Oh, 'cuse me..lol!
  Whatever. So you're not doing anything?
  Lol!
 RT  Smh at this industry.  <- Co-Sign X 1000
 RT  [Video] FA The Squad - The Pilot Trailer - 
 RT  You ain't gotta like but, respect is non-negotiable.
 RT  Whoever invented the air conditioner was a bad m*thaf*cka! <-Chuuuch!
 And by "hardly anybody", I mean "damn near nobody".
 I swear hardly anybody actually owns up and take responsibilities for their actions/words.
  Ha! Not really. I think. Lol!
 Started to go on a rant about folks snitchin' on themselves but caught myself.
 Not saying that you should be all Fresh Prince-ish with your content, but know that there's going to be a REaction.
 Niggas love talkin' 'bout the police and FEDS in their songs and then get mad when them boys come to scoop them up.
 RT   Young Boys Incorporated 
 Special Happy Birthday to the homie  I forgot you and  was right next to each others'. Where da party at!?
 damonlthomas.com - For all you video and photo needs… 
 Presidential Television and Film: 
  Precisely.
  lol!
  Expected more or just not feelin' it?
  He was and still is dope.
  He really doesn't get the props he deserve. cc: 
  By "interesting" do you mean "BANGIN'"? No hooks, just a dope sample reworked, and spittin'. 
 "Damn Yeezy and Hov, where the hell you been?" 
 RT  Illi not Illy
  I need a t-shirt for that.
 RT  i always mean what i say, i just dont always mean to say it...
 RT  RT  Check this video out -- The Boy Illinois - Nu.P [Official HD Music Video]  via 
 Get that joint I'm vibin' to right now:  New Jay-Z and Kanye West.
 I love samples well re-worked.
  Indeed.
  By "pretty nice" do you mean "Bangin'!!"?
 PHOTOS: On Auburn Ave with  
 PHOTOS: On Auburn Ave with Tabius Tate 
 Audio: Jay-Z and Kanye West - “Otis” feat. Otis Redding Theme Music 
 Video: Officer Friendly - *fixed link* on Presidential Television and Film:  <-
 Download: New Music!!: Jay-Z and Kanye West - Otis (feat. Otis Redding)" on Presidential Television and Film: 
 It's like dude addressed us for asking what it is, but followed it by other questions without answering. 
  
 RT  The Pilot Trailer - 
  Have you heard Chrisette Michele's new song feat. Busta Rhymes and Rickey Ross?
 Ok, so  and I have been asking for almost a year and Rick Ross teases us, yet still doesn't answer the question. WTF is a DTCB?
  IP?
 "Emotional luggage, nothin’ of it, I don’t check bags / I only carry on, leave that bullshit in the past" 
  "Airborne Aquarium".. on repeat...at least 7 times.
  I'm sorry, but I have SO many problems with this.
  The officer is OVERLY accomodating...trying to help him prove his point, giving his name, history, etc..
  It's TROUBLE if we don't even present ID. He didn't even give a full verbal identification.
  Just read some of the youtube comments and I'm just... *don't have the perfect word for the disgust I feel*
 Others are being arrested and convicted RIGHT NOW for merely filming the police!!  Infuriating.
 RT  A PERFECT example of "White Privilege" =>  Had he been black you would have heard "GET ON THE GROUN ...
 Good way of putting it...although sometimes, the money doesn't matter. No.
 RT  Unless the project is really dope to me, I only hit GO on GREEN...Once that monetary deposit is put down, then my attent ...
  I pray all is ok.
 RT  RT  Photo:  
 RT  Man's ambition to Lust is a man's down fall. No impulse is greater despite the consequences. <-Control it and you're king.
  'Preciate ya words brotha. Back to you.
  Let's not forget Bathroom Ass Shots=Model, Weedman=Drug Kingpin, and EVERYBODY's a Hustler.
 RT  You saw what happened when folks thought Rap LOOKED easy.
 RT  Technology giving folks New Titles nowadays: Digital Camera=Video Director. Instagram=Photographer.
  I still don't get the fascination. I guess ain't nothing else going on, but our credit's fucked. *shrug* 
 Laughin' my ass off at the media stalking Casey Anthony.
 I shot on downtown ATL on Auburn Ave. last night...they're always 'camera ready'. 
 RT  Want to know what it means for your community to be  Check out this video of the training sessions
 Lookin' at my vision board seein' progress... 
  The latter.
 Not sure how I feel about  falling in love with Pear-Ree. Happy for her, but...damn.
 RT  Today is about a 6 on the overnight "meanness meter." Two men shot in the back at strip club and apartment. 
  I see. Would love to see more.
 People on twitter swear they don't follow trends, yet they participate in trending topics. Not to mention, 'twitter' is trendy.
 I see some Bow Wow slander in my TL from last night. I really don't think he get the props he deserves.
 Funny that we can't just write someone's name any more...gotta through an ' in front of it. 
  Lol! You'll be aight.
   It was just some last minute pick up shots...I'm definitely gonna need you in a few weeks though.
 RT  Thank God for  the dopest director ever... 
 Good shoot with the homie  
  Ha!
 RT  With NBA players locked out and the Dodgers not meeting payroll, USC football players are the highest paid athletes in LA.
 Beyonce "End Of Time" Target Flash Mob by Todrick Hall on Presidential Television and Film: <-Ha! Dope!
  *nodding head* Yep!
  Lol! Yeah, I killed over at least three times throughout the whole vid.
 
  
 Spike Jonze has done it again! That new Beastie Boys video is ILL!!
 Audio: This song has been stuck in my head for the past few. Curren$y -  Theme Music 
 Audio: This song has been stuck in my head the past few. Curren$y -  
   doesn't even show videos though, bruh. Not defending them, but just sayin'.
   doesn't even show videos though, bruh.
 RT   not A Joke Obama Administration Warning Of A Terrorist Attack If Debt Ceiling Not Raised [we americans are dumb ...
 Anybody got a link for that Run-DMC doc that aired last night?
 RT  I may fall off, get black Balled, or Just Ignored but u cannot turn away from truth..
 RT  Everybody!!! Go buy my brother  album today! Shits banging! <-Nah, I'm straight.
 RT  Laws against anything I do are dumb.
 
 Special Happy Birthday to  Enjoy it homie! 
  Oh yeah, I got an ILL concept for "Girl With The Tattoo" also.
  www.DamonLThomas.com
 Damn, I forgot that Run-DMC doc came on tonight.
 Workin' on my color grading.
  I hear ya. *head nod*
  lol!
 Ah shit, cats done turned into photographers 'cause they got instagram now...lol!
 RT  Life is a b****, but I appreciate her.
 RT  Man rain - "u can paint a pretty pic but u can't predict the weather" <-I thought it was "plan a pretty picnic".
  Dead ass.
 "Bacon is good for me!"  <-HILARIOUS! I feel him though.
 Video: F.A. The Squad - The Pilot Trailer (by FATheSquadMusic) Directed by Me. 
 Check this video out -- F.A. The Squad - The Pilot Trailer  via 
 Mind blowin'...decisions...
 RT  RT  [VIDEO] Check out A Day In The Life of  : 
  I think it's 'eye sore', but 'eye liver' does have a nice ring to it.
 RT   -  talks upcoming mixtape, DVD project and  legacy 
  That's the whole idea. Lol!
 Love it how some people are 'revolutionary'...until it fucks with their money.
 RT  When people protested Mehserleee being released we were told be calm down justice was served, but ... 
 RT   WOW  <-I guess that's a good thing, sir. Lol!
 
 Happy Born Day to the homie  manager for  Have a Great one brotha!
 I guess I can retire my  t-shirt now. Well, at least until next time. 
  I feel you.
  Man, stop holding back. LOL!!
 Trust me, some of y'all need haters in ya' life. 
 I'm a hater...and I'm ok with that.
 RT  sometimes you just cant give a fuck
 RT  Really good Video Editing takes time. It's more than just about inserting shots...flow, tempo, ... 
 Man, people will take a word or phrase and wear it out quick.
 Quality Over Quantity. Sounds cliche-ish, but damn, it's true.
 If you haven't yet, check out the trailer for F.A. The Squad's  
  You got anything on the net? I'd say that's where you could start.
  So sorry for your loss.
 RT  S/O to  good job on  trailer boyyyyyyyy!! <-Much appreciated, bruh.
 Word Obama...during "The View" again??
 F.A. - The Pilot - Presidential Television and Film, LLC  via 
  They do? Ha!
 VIDEO: F.A. The Squad - The Pilot [Trailer] 
  Same here.
 They should've never gave some of these niggas cameras. 
 RT  know what? i don't give a rat's ass if you got a 5D or 7D or d3100 or WHATEVER!! If you don't ... 
 Trailer to   on  
 Check out   trailer on www.freeonsmash.com 
 Shout out to  for her help and support while shooting  trailer for 
  Workin' bruh. Tryin' to finalize everything. What's good witcha?
 RT   lokey that top of the world footage look good tho lol...could prob be its on lil viral joint..
 RT  big s/o to  for putting together the dope visuals for the   trailer  
 RT  It's so hot in Atlanta they're carjacking ice cream trucks (and other crime news) 
 VIDEO: F.A. The Squad - The Pilot (trailer) 
 Video: F.A. The Squad’s Trailer to their much anticipated project, “The Pilot” Directed by Damon L. Thomas 
 RT  The Pilot Trailer - 
 RT  [Video] FA The Squad - The Pilot Trailer - 
 RT  Check this video out -- F.A. The Squad - Take Off  via 
 Photo: Sierra Marie | Model 
 Photo: Sierra Marie | Model 
  Definitely!
 Photo: Sierra Marie | Model 
  What up doe!
 Photo: Sierra Marie | Model 
 Photo: Sierra Marie | Model 
  Would love to.
 RT  Listen & Comment on  track - The Cure (Prod. PLAN) -  | RT
  Just shot you a text.
 Word?
  No. How do I do that?
  Yeah. Can't wait for  release. 
  I got the  video in the can. Just waiting on the right mix for the song. 
  Didn't change a thing.
  FaSho! Have you seen the   trailer?
  Sweet! 'Preciate that. Today does seem like an ATL day. ATL meaning Above The Law.
  Editing a couple of videos.
  Hahahaha!!
  I'ont even wanna look that up. Matter of fact, I'm just gonna pretend that you never said that..lol!
  That's a good place to be.
  Ummm...this is news to me.
 Where's MC Ren?
 Congrats  Leading the way.
 RT  THINGS FALL APART  set to hit theaters in sept its a soft launch in 5 markets but its the first film I ... 
  Things are cool. What's crackin' witcha?
  'Preciate that as well. Thanks a million.
 RT   wassup bro, i seen ya work and i love the quality in your videos! <-'Preciate that.
  What up doe!
  Yessir...I had to think for a second.
 RT  are we living our lives according to someone else's principles, goals, limits, expectations?
  of course it's not even about money for such an offense but 
  'Bout to read it now, but as long as one asks politely, that IS the polite way.
  I'll find out when I have to show up (if I do) and I'll point out the technicality.  ...Larry Hoover.
 RT  Race, such a sensitive topic...<- That should be discussed more.
 Pulled over and ticketed for no seat belt. Cop rushes off after issuing me a ticket...With NO courtdate. 
 As I've said, time and time again, why do these  have to come during  
 Fuck! Special Reports!
 Yeah, Whoopi...SNAP!
 PHOTOS: Tabius Tate on set of "Natural" Music Video 
 PHOTO: Lamb 
 PHOTOS: Sierra Marie  
 PHOTOS: Sierra Marie 
  I'ont know. They may have.
  Most people are in college from 18-22 give or take some yrs. Cats in jail age span is all across the board.
  I think Cube was right if one considers "the pen" jail in general and take into acct "college age" is a lesser span than "jail age"
 www.PresidentialTelevisionandFilm.wordpress.com
 RT  Random: Robert Townsend is a comedic genius. Hollywood Shuffle, Partners in Crime, The Five Heartbeats! 
  It's funny cause looking at stuff like this does give me ideas.
  IKR!
 Up here seriously looking at a 9-person tent. WTF am I gonna do with a tent?!
  One time for the OLD school..lol!
 Up in Target buying knick knacks. Who says that?
  Also waiting for you to hop back in front of my lens. *smile*
  My documentary and a few video projects. Also doing more photography in general.
  How was the  joint?
  Shooting as often as I can and developing a few things. What's good with you?
  Glad you like.
 RT  S/o to  **muahh**
 RT   Blacks Better Off During Slavery Than Under Obama  <-Wow!
 Man, that Atlanta Public School cheating scandal is some real fucked up shit.
 RT  www.fathesquad.com -  coming soon -  coming even sooner
 "Up early in the morning, dressed in black..."
 RT  My mission for the coming week: be the nice guy.... <-Hahahahahahaha!!
 "Hip Hop is universal now, it’s all commercial now / it’s like a circle full of circus clowns up in the..." 
  Right.
  But usually, it's not..lol!
  I'm always conquered by the "it could be important" syndrome..lol!
  I'm all too familiar with that.
  What's the latest with ya?
 Go here and get acquainted with  before  drops: 
  by  Coming Soon. Trailer drops next week!
  Once post production is over, I'm entering it everywhere. I'll let you know when I have the screening.
  Homelessness.
  Finishing up my documentary, side video projects, just stayin' above water.
  Ok, cool.
  ok.
  Have you tried it? Oh, and thanks.
  Yeah, I'm just ready to go. Deniece Williams doesn't sound right being drowned out by "Gucci!!"
