 Would love to play with you guys, but headed back to Chicago this weekend. How about next weekend?  
  as much as possible, 36 on the weekends....I get a few during the week from time to time as well :)
  spectacular!
 Great for short game work...I need it. RT    I've never played Westchester. How do you like it?
 Golf is a gift in many ways...RT    why didn't u say that when u checked him in hahaha
 Dude this is crazy...now i have to come back! RT    yes it is, how are you doing Kristen?
 RT    yes it is, how are you doing Kristen?
  later brother!
  oh yes.. LA is very nice! Doing just fine...
  Gotta make that happen, maybe at the end of the year, once we get settled in LA.
  no just a really short course, 1 par 5. Lol!!
 Shot 72 golfing at Westchester Golf Course. 
  I'm willing to wait on a winner, makes season tickets much cheaper that way. Better to earn it the hard way...one man's opinion
  As far as I'm concerned they could start the season tomorrow. LA is working hard to get an NFL team, now I hope it happens :)
  Hey dude...I'm good. Trying to adapt to the West coast... interesting not having snow in the winter. I'm so ready for football.
 I like this move!  Bears agree with former Cowboys RB Marion Barber on 2-year contract worth $5 million.
  smash it there every time! ( Starbucks) 
 RT  Racial wealth gap widest it's been in decades. Wait til I post these numbers....it's war people! Against the middle c ...
  lost of pieces in place...chemistry will be the key...good luck Philly! ( Starbucks) 
  When will we see real change to the system? This stuff is just getting more and more ridiculous...
 Workout, Oatmeal, Starbucks coffee...ready for the day! ( Starbucks) 
   hit'em straight !( Starbucks) 
  do you play golf?
  I think of the teams you mentioned, Eagles have the best shot to make to the Super Bowl. Jets don't make it...
 RT  Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see sometimes your words just hypnotize me......
  That's funny...I'm there in two weeks :)
 ( Los Angeles International Airport (LAX)) 
 Cam Newton signs rookie deal with Panthers  War Eagle!
 Back to LA...( San Francisco International Airport (SFO)) 
 Finally ( San Francisco International Airport (SFO)) 
  Just realized from your pic, that your a lefty! I am too...but learned to play from the other side. :)
  Its really nice! Not much humidity like in the Midwest. If you know of any courses, I'm listening. Playing this wkend, can't wait
  this system is so broken...when will be fixed. The purity of amateur college sports is long gone. Let's just deal with it.
  Yes, it's good. Not sure if I mentioned before but I have moved to LA(Santa Monica) actually. Just back this week on business.
 On the way to San Francisco ( Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD)) 
 Breakfast of Champions( NoMI Restaurant, Lounge & Garden) 
   good morning Sara, do you guys lose power in the burbs again? ( Park Hyatt Chicago) 
 Meant to say Feherty is funny as hell...guess I've had one too many. ( Park Hyatt Chicago) 
 Just Feherty on the Late Late show with Craig Ferguson, he is as hell! ( Park Hyatt Chicago) 
 Please tell me picked these songs from the jukebox? Ugh!!!( Snickers) 
   I'm in Chicago today on business, leave SF tomorrow, and then back in LA Friday. Thanks for the heads up..
  move was good took 4 days to get there....well actually it would only taken 3 but had to stop in Vegas :)
  Tarde!
 RT  "Hating people because of their color is wrong. And it doesn't matter which color does the hating. It's just plain wrong."— ...
  I know what you mean. Been away from twitter since my move to LA. I've been dying to get back...what's up?
  Winehouse album sales soar (from 
 Michael Jackson tribute concert set for October  via USA TODAY
 Tigers series could determine if White Sox are sellers at trade deadline  via USA TODAY
 Brett Favre's agent on rumors: 'He's retired, period'  via USA TODAY...thank you!
 Frenzied days ahead for NFL after labor peace  via USA TODAY
  is the a problem at the AA lounge at LAX? Opens at 5am, however long line at the front door? No one can get in?
 ( Los Angeles International Airport (LAX)) 
 Shopping ( Beverly Center) 
  that's why I moved to LA...
 Time for some sushi!!! ( Katana) 
 Very good Mexican!!!( Lula Cocina Mexicana) 
  thanks for the heads up
 Shopping ( Beverly Center) 
 Java!!! ( Starbucks) 
  yes just it on CNN...
 Finally arrived in Hollywood! ( Andaz West Hollywood) 
 Viva Las Vegas!!!( Las Vegas) 
 Made it Utah, next stop is the AZ/Utah border 
  I have temp housing in Santa Monica, will eventually move into one of the beach communities permanently.
  I hope the two of them are thinking about the kids.
  actually this time I'm relocating to Southern California. Next pit stop Vegas!
  well said...this was ultimately gonna happen, Stevie should seen the writing on the wall. Good for Tiger...
  don't you just hate jerks like that...
 Drove thru Kansas today where the temps got up to 109 degrees. Next stop Las Vegas!!! ( Colorado Springs) 
 ( Troy, Kansas) 
 Starting my drive from chicago to LA today. First stop, Troy, KS! Salute...
  stay warm...
  playing okay...need more practice with my irons, increase GIR. :)
  sounds like fun...
  Thanks...excellent! And yours?
 Try the Blueberry froyo...it's insane...( Froyo) 
 Best thin crust in town! ( Pizzeria Via Stato) 
 Just plain stupid! RT  Woman Rescued by Water Taxi, Fire Crews After Falling Off Bridge: 
  great shot!
  I may have to try that one out...I love a good burger!
  good point... People have been flocking to the statue to get a peek under her dress. It's been funny to watch.
 Shot 85 golfing at Pine Meadow Golf Club. 
 It's a hot one today! ( Pine Meadow Golf Club) 
 Best burger in town! ( The Rosebud (Taylor)) 
 The new Marilyn Monroe statue looks pretty hot!!! 
  driving across the Midwest... Kinda excited about the road-trip. Gonna stop by and see my dad in Colorado Springs.
  I'm leaving on Tuesday.
 Tom Watson at the British Open: Ageless excellence  via USA TODAY
 NFL labor sides cite progress as negotiations close in New York  via USA TODAY
 'Carmageddon' traffic in L.A. moving smoothly  via USA TODAY. So glad I'm not moving there until next week!
  you got it...that will certainly bring that score down!
  That's true, gonna play at Pine Meadow tomorrow morning at 10:30a, we be more focus and have less beer! Lol!
 Way go Ricky!  RT  2011 British Open -- Rickie Fowler charges up leaderboard - 
  I know... Not my best, maybe it was all the beer drinking yesterday. Don't normally do that, special occasion though.
 Shot 89 golfing at Harborside International Golf Center - Port. 
 Fore!!! ( Harborside Golf Course) 
 Who's going to the auditions? RT  Auditioning to be  this weekend  Tips from  casting director...
 Bjorn dealing with demons from the past...great job! RT  Track Round 1 leaderboard of the British Open 
  very nice gesture towards our service men and women fighting for our freedom!
 Finally!  RT  2011 U.S. Women's Open: So Yeon Ryu wins playoff to capture title - 
 Eating pizza with the packers! These are pretty cool...
 Workout time! ( World Gym) 
 It's moving day...the packers arrive this morning!
 Shot 89 golfing at Seven Bridges Golf Club. 
 Its been a tough year for Japan.  Japan earthquake: 7.0 aftershock hits off coast; no damage reported 
   Thanks for the follow!
  Thanks fo the follow!
  thanks for the follow!
  Lol!!! that's a good one...
  thanks...not going as well today. But who cares...I'm still golfing!
 Its a steamy one today! ( Seven Bridges Golf Club) 
 Shot 81 golfing at Pine Meadow Golf Club. 
   Your gonna need to give me advice then on where note to play...not looking forward to quakes!
  oh yes...I'm down!
 Beautiful course! 
 Game time! ( Pine Meadow Golf Club) 
 And just play golf lol!  Me too!  We could get a foursome easy! lol “  HR?  Hmmmm....hire me! lol”
  Hyatt Hotels & Resorts, HR
  definitely! Keep at it! Practice makes perfect!
   Hahaha! True but now I get to play year round. Not to mentioned I'm gettin paid!  I will be in chicago abt 6-8 times a year.
  Where are you playing today Spivey? I'm playing Pine Meadow Golf Club. Trying to get a few of my favs in b4 i move to LA.
  good luck today...!
  I say keep the hair. Wearing it up works for you sista! Lol!
   Hit'em straight! Like your new pic!
 Workout time! ( World Gym) 
 Sweden upsets U.S. in Women's World Cup, meaning Americans will have to face powerful Brazil in quarterfinals.  
  good luck in the US Open...War Eagle!!!
   Thanks for the follow!
 RT  Good morning, Chicago. Tweather in a word is Floridaish. Chance of a thunderstorm. Warm. Humid. 82º-86º.
  Good call...much better view and the better is cheaper too ;)
  Best chicken sandwich ever!
  I'm a SEC guy myself, went to Auburn...
  your not staying for the Open?
  awesome movie! I guessing your a MSU fan as well...
 Surprised? RT  Tiger Woods to skip British Open as leg recovers 
   Very Nice!
  War Eagle!!!
 Ribs from this weekend! These things were to die for...
   You bet!
   Bayonette/ Blackhorse- Fort Ord, CA
   Thanks for the follow!
   Thanks for the follow!
  Very patriotic!
  we shall see...never done before. Really just looking for more golfers. Know what I mean...
  I was pathetic!
 RT  RETWEET if you want more followers      
  yes...ribs and chicken! I'm stuffed!
  not yet...leave in 2 weeks!
  have a great fourth of July!
  enjoy your fourth dude!
  sweet!
  Very healthy.... I stuck with chicken & baby back ribs...
  Thanks for the follow!
  Thanks for the follow!
  thanks for the follow!
 Shot 83 golfing at Pine Meadow Golf Club. 
 Seriously!!! That is sickening... Joey Chestnut just crushed 62 Hot dogs in 10 min to become your 2011 Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Champ.
 Beautiful day! ( Pine Meadow Golf Club) 
 Headed out this morning to play Pine Meadow Golf Course today. Really looking forward to it!
  very sharp!
   Babyback ribs for sure...
 ( Sluggers World Class Sports Bar & Grill) 
 Im a Sox fan, but can you blame me for hangin with these beauties!!! 
 Breakfast before the game. ( Orange on Roscoe) 
  yes...it was a hot one yesterday!
  good luck this week in Colorado springs!
 RT  Getting ready for a  Basketball event with  athletes, Dikembe Mutombo, Vlade Divac and more!
  beautiful golf country!
  Enjoy Colo Springs...my Dad is retired US Army and has lived there for the past 25 years, beautiful country!
  Thanks for the follow!
   Thanks for the follow!
  Thanks for the follow!
  Thanks for the follow!
 ( Cog Hill Golf Course) 
 RT  Thousands without power after storm w/  lightning and rain pounds  
   thanks for the follow!
 Golf ball size hail falling....cars on the street will be damaged! Impressive Storm...
 Just watched the Sears Tower take a lighting strike! This storm is crazy...
 ( Honolulu Airport Admiral's Club) 
 Hula lessons on Waikiki beach! 
 ( Tropics Bar & Grill) 
 I just used  to discover E.T. by Katy Perry. 
   the course looks pretty nice! May have to take you up on that one of these days!
 ( Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort & Spa) 
  the sign of a true Scorpio!!!
 Shot 81 golfing at Ko Olina Golf Club. 
 RT   Woods not coming back to golf until fully healthy: Tiger Woods says he's done playing with pa... 
 Second round( Ko Olina Golf Club) 
  Try to stay dry my friend...a cold is the worst thing to travel with.
  Hawaii is awesome...work today, golf tomorrow!
  very very nice impressed with music selection. Why are you still at this hour? Shouldn't you be sleeping?
  okay what are you doing? Having your little quite storm....jammin!
   one of my favorite tunes....I like where that song takes me...
  that's pretty good dude... You get out to Hawai'i much?
  Mahalo bro!
  thought I would send you a pic from today in Hawaii...Aloha! 
 Great round today! Shot 81 golfing at Ko Olina Golf Club. 
 ( Ko Olina Golf Club) 
 Sunset in Hawaii  
 Trying to stay up for a while...trying to get on the right timezone. Getting heavy lids...
  good night!
  OMG...that's crazy, how about some pics?
 View from my room...not so bad!  
 Just landed! ( Honolulu International Airport (HNL)) 
 Headed  to Hawaii... ( AA Admirals Club Chicago O'Hare (ORD)) 
   Thanks for the follow!
  Thanks for the follow!
   Thanks for the follow!
  Thanks for the follow!
   Thanks for the follow!
   thanks for the follow!
  Mid july...pretty excite about it too!
 Leaving for Hawaii in the morning and still not packed....been pre occupied with finalizing my move to LA.
 Work out time! ( World Gym) 
 This young man is doing so serious parting right now! Check out this photo from USA TODAY's Day in Sports gallery: 
 Top-ranked Yani Tseng takes charge in LPGA Championship  via USA TODAY
 RT  7.4 magnitude earthquake in Pacific Ocean, 101 miles from Atka, Alaska; NWS says tsunami warning in effect ...
  I'm not angering with that one...lol!
  looks like someone with a ball cap on under butcher paper. Haha!
  the sisters are playing right now?
 On the train to work this Morning...I don't really care to be this close to strangers. Yikes!
   today will be a better for you :)
  I hope they get the power back in your area today.
 More hotels distribute iPads to guests for amenities  via USA TODAY
 Tiger Woods out of his own tournament  via USA TODAY
  I saw that one, it was really good. one of my picks
  hi there...I'm all go here by the lake. Just very high winds and heavy rain. Yikes!!!
 Work out time! ( World Gym) 
  Thanks for the follow!
    I think we have a foursome! Lol...
  not quite lol!
 Be careful   Sara I thought u were in Naples. I sent the reports to Charles. LoL glad ur both safe. Detroit is next!
  anytime my friend...
  after looking a little closer, we might have one more round but not as powerful.
  I think your good now... It was a very fast storm.
  For sure...thanks for the prayers... :) Hopefully there are no families in the Chicago are lose their homes.
   I wouldn't wish this on anyboby...
 Whew!  Tornado warning for North Central Cook and North Eastern DuPage canceled. Still in effect for parts o… (cont) 
 In case you were wondering why you didn't make to Chicago tonight...It's going to be a long night at O'Hare fo… (cont) 
   Thanks buddy keeping my head down...
   Staying dry here in blustery, raining, Chicago.  Funnels popping up all over in the suburbs....
  Thanks for the follow!
 Its really dark all of a sudden...RT  Funnel clouds have been reported in Naperville, Grayslake.  
  nice!
  very good, been working on my game...
  Hello there Ann...its been a while since we've chatted on twit...hope all is well!
 Work out time! ( World Gym) 
  goose and soda, no fruit...
   Second cup o java....going down easier than the Vodka was last night :/
  kinda pulling for the Lion a little because that DT Nick Fairly went to my AlmaMater Auburn! He's a beast!!!
  oh my gosh...I wish. Gotta some work done. Headed to Hawaii Saturday, playing at Ko Olina Golf Club Sunday.
  I'm a Bears fan but if your QB remains healthy, the Lions could make some noise.
  Thanks for the follow!
  Thanks for the follow!
  Thanks for the follow!
   Thanks fr the follow!
  thanks for the follow!
  what...?! Hahaha..lol. Cute.
 Majestic McIlroy secures US Open - 
  that's awesome to hear that your improving, it's a beautiful game.
 The blimp is flying around in my hood, getting ready for the Yankees v. Cubs game.  
 Shot 84 golfing at Ruffled Feathers Golf Club. 
 Chick ching!!!
 ( Ruffled Feathers Golf Course) 
 RT           ...
  Thanks for  the follow!
   Thanks for the follow!
 Work out and a steam! ( World Gym) 
  exactly!
  I think too many play from the wrong tees to start with...slows the game down.
 USGA, PGA of America say 'Tee It Forward' 
 Congressional's clubhouse large and lively 
 ( Bijan's Bistro) 
 Bronzeville street to be renamed 'Sam Cooke Way' 
 Grilled Bistro Steak by Tony Stallone 
  Don't tempt me... I would today. Wanted to play badly...finally got a game for Saturday. Then my regular Sunday morning game.
  let's hope it's Tiger this time..
   Cause I travel often, so do I and it's a blast to meeting  people. It's good to have golf buddies in many places.
  just played there a week ago Saturday with a member. What a great track...wish it would have been in the 80's.
  I've calling my buddies all day looking for a game, these clowns need to get their priorities in order!
   you bet...always looking for a game!
 Tiger Woods still ranks as top-earning U.S. athlete  via USA TODAY
 Rory McIlroy sets 36-hole record, 11 under, at U.S. Open  via USA TODAY
   hit'em Straight!
 Gotta get my workout in before the US Open.( World Gym) 
   No class at all...
 It looks like some big names will exiting the US Open early. Some of the favs at +5 and higher. Rory is still roaring... -7.
  leftover potato salad, ice cold from the fridge the night before.
 God Bless our troops.  Chicago Vietnam Veterans Parade 25th Anniversary  via 
  have good day Sara!
  Up since 4:30a, gonna be a much better day. It's Friday!!! Time for some golf...!
  it's better already my friend ;)
  Thanks for the follow!
   Thanks for the follow!
   Thanks for the follow!
  crazy day for me....glad it's miller time :)
   Yes!
 Work out time! ( World Gym) 
 Looking kinda freaky out right now...hmmm.
  who knows with Phil...
   Thanks for the follow!
  Thanks for the follow!
  Wishing I was in the DC area to watch the US Open.
 Work out time!( World Gym) 
   Thanks for the follow!
   Thanks for the follow!
   Thanks for the follow!
  Thanks for the follow!
 RT  I'm not Famous, a legend, or a billionaire. I'm not dying, blind, or need a kidney. Just a single mom who wants 1000 f ...
 Back in the chi...( Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD)) 
 Harig: Jack vs. Tiger -- the debate continues - ESPN 
 RT  Concert at Wrigley:  coming to  - 
 Dinner time! ( Shout! Restaurant & Lounge) 
 Perfect!   great job today with Lebron and the Heat. Lebron can't even be compared to Pippen nevermind Jordan.
 ( Hyatt Regency) 
 Headed to Atlanta for a quick meeting. Back tomorrow night.
 Mavericks finish off Heat 4-2 as Dallas wins its first NBA title 
   Thanks for the follow!
 Berea is killin 'em tonight...he must be super fast!
 Who pissed Lebron off!!!
 Golf done...now its time for some Bball!!! Is LeBron gonna show up tonight?
 Harrison Frazar wins 1st PGA TOUR title in 355 starts on 3rd playoff hole at FedEx St. Jude Classic. Wow!Click to Read: 
 RT  Yani Tseng wins LPGA State Farm Classic  
 ( World Gym) 
  Thanks for the follow!
   Thanks for the follow!
 ( Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD)) 
 ( LAX) 
 After soldiers' video goes viral, more bags will fly free 
 NBA Finals' 4th quarters have belonged to the Mavericks 
 ( San Francisco International Airport (SFO)) 
 ( Hyatt Regency San Francisco) 
  Back to Chicago tomorrow morning, got an afternoon round with my regular foursome at Cog Hill! Can't wait...
  Yes!!! Mon...
  Had a great round at Lake Merced today! Really tough course...had a chance to break 80, took two triples. One on each side...
 Shot 86 golfing at Lake Merced Golf Club. 
  well I like it...you just seem to keep it real. It makes me laugh!  You playing today? I have a 10:30 tee time.
  you are funny as hell!!!
  I'm in San Francisco, didn't feel it this far north.
 Waiting for Tiger: More and more, 'when' looks like 'if'  via USA TODAY
  how bout a pic?
  Nice...I've never been. Spend my free time in the Caribbean. May need to reconsider.
  where is this?
  I don't know where you live dude, but it's time to move! Damn...that's hot!
  he may have set but one foot was inside the arc dude. That's an easy foul call...bad call!
 USGA: Make The Most From A USGA Visit:  via 
 Bob Stoops: Sooners don't want USC's vacated title  via USA TODAY...he shouldn't, Auburn was undefeated and ranked 
  Now that's my kinda girl...dedicated to the game! Enjoy your round and hopefully you will stay dry today.
  watch out for a triple double.
  spoken like a true midwesterner, I go nowhere without my rain-suit. :)
  The ribs were awesome...they vanished quickly. In San Francisco on business. Golf Saturday  Merced Golf Club.
  good morning...playing any golf today.
 HP Touchpad tablet goes on sale July 1 in US for between $500 and $600. Here's  story:  -EF
  Nope...two words. Tiger Woods! Lots a guys don't have hardware because of him...
 See you later heatwave, on a plane to San Francisco! RT  Good morning, Chicago. Tweather in a word is dripfest. Hazy, hot...
  Anytime...keep it in fairway!
  I guess I should have read that before I posted it....damn  :o/  You know what I mean silly ...lol :)
  I have no idea my man....it's unthinkable.
  Baseball could use a little swagger! Much too traditional...boring. Time for a change of guard in the old establishment!
  Its about damn time....! Buckeyes on blast!
  Indeed. I see from your pic that ur a swinging southpaw! I'm a lefty too...but I swing from the other side. It just felt right...
   Me too...it's just so different when he shows up at a tournament ready to play.  I miss watching the things he does...
 One in a billion - 
 Frustrated Woods to miss US Open - 
 On the way to San Francisco ( AA Admirals Club Chicago O'Hare (ORD)) 
  It's major warm here right now...went from 60 to 90 in 24 hours. I'm melting...we could reach 100 today!
  I feel you...big time!
 Best sushi in town!!! ( Rise Sushi & Sake Lounge) 
 Steam room ( World Gym) 
 In Tigers own words, he will be missed.   Not playing in US Open. Very disappointed. Short-term frustration for long-term gain.
 Tiger Woods announces that he's a no go for U.S. Open at Congressional. He's now missed 3 of last 12 majors due to injury.
  Good move...go for it!
 The 2011 Lolla schedule is out! 
 Light earthquake in Missouri felt in Illinois 
 Today the forecast in Chicago is calling for the hottest day in 5 years!
 Chicago Blues Festival kicks off Friday 
 Grilled Turkey burger & Grilled Green beams...dinner! :)
  stay so soft, Avon product works best for me...seriously.
 News: Apple releases iTunes 10.3 with iCloud support: Apple has released iTunes 10.3, the latest version of its ... 
   Now that's getting it down... :)
   Thanks for the follow!
 Commentary: Augusta State ends reign on top 
 Augusta St. tops Georgia, repeats as NCAA champ 
 Steve Stricker builds lead, then holds on to win the Memorial  via USA TODAY
 Dwyane Wade, Heat hold off Mavericks' rally to take Game 3  via USA TODAY
 Tough to work out with a cold ( World Gym) 
  ridiculous!
  indeed...
 Had case of the lefties today...Shot 84 golfing at Water's Edge Golf Club. 
 Game time!!! ( Waters Edge Golf Course) 
 It's a beautiful day for some golf!!!
  that's magnificent!
 World's Unluckiest Traveler contest revised: This time, do-gooders can win big  via USA TODAY
 American pulls salads in response to E. Coli scare  via USA TODAY
 Steve Stricker takes 3-shot lead into final round at the Memorial  via USA TODAY
  War Eagle!!!
  that's what I'm looking for...progress. Sometimes it's not so easy.
  they will be smoking soon, then my homemade sauce...there's gonna be some finger licking going on tonight! Hot Damn!!!  :)
 Much better practice session the second time around. Whew!!!
 Hitting balls for the second tine today. First practice sessions sucked!!! ( Diversey Driving Range) 
