 New facebook feature...tag your family members by relation 
 Why Google + is already giving better social ranking signals than Twitter   via 
 To grow your brand, target your friend's friends 
 71 percent of online Americans now use video-sharing sites such as YouTube and Vimeo 
 Also pick your online hub & drive traffic there RT  5 Tips for Building a Community Management Strategy 
   My scheduled tweets are not being published.  Can you look into this asap as I have numerous clients on hootsuite
 Shuttle Atlantis Final Landing Video 
 The Power Of Hashtags On Twitter  via 
 I'm at Xsport Fitness in Chicago, IL 
 Del Seoul or dunlays also RT  Austrian Bakery, Frances' or Original Deli :) RT  I'm looking for cute lunch spots.
  I supposedly got three invites a few days ago, but have not seen anything.  BOOO!
 Still waiting for my invite to go through RT  10 Practical Google+ Tips For New Users  via 
 HOW TO: Get Your Own Google+ Vanity URL   RT 
 A delay of 1 second in page load time equals 7% fewer conversions. Do you keep track of website speed?  
 Two guys get stranded at DFW airport and video tape their experience of creating mayhem 
 Google stops invitations to new social network | Reuters  via 
 BBC News - Google+ challenges Facebook in social network battle  
 TwitPic Founder Tweets Pic Of Himself Being "Arrested" [UPDATE]   RT 
 Another real-time marketing effort by Spirit Air, this time using    
 Want to add a Foursquare tab to your FB Fan page. Here's how...
 I am not sure what I am listening to.  the link is to a FB pic      
 RT  Learn about and explore Chicago. 5 reasons to try Bike & Roll  
 raincheck soon? RT       I wanna hang out NOW! 
 ISP -> MDW ( Long Island MacArthur Airport (ISP) w/ 2 others) 
 Best popcorn ever :) RT   look what I found yesterday!  
 F.J.  outing. Gorgeous day for  support 
  putting it on the green   
 Golf gun game  
  team putting on a clinic  golf outing  
  imerman angels golf outing 
 Team KPMG closing out the hole  golf outing 
  golf outing 
 I'm live on Ustream! Check out my show:  8:22 AM CDT
 Imerman Angels Golf Outing. Helping support people with cancer  
 Yummy!  So necessary   
  going to order for delivery.  hopefully it comes from your store :)
  my gf cannot make it out of the apt :)
  unfortunately at clark and wrightwood.  your store is at lasalle and division?
  celebrating softball win, need dominos 
 LinkedIn Users: You've Got Klout   RT 
 I wanted vancouver to win, but the  deserved it.  Tim Thomas is the man!
 Monitoring conversations leads to revenues!..Twitter Users Want Businesses to Answer Them - eMarketer  via 
 Who Won the Presidential Debate? Facebook Gives Some Clues  Do you think this is an accurate way to ... RT 
 Facebook Preparing for $100 Billion IPO in Early 2012 [REPORT]   RT 
 RT  YouTube Beats Facebook And Twitter For Educational Social Media Potential :   
 I am a road trip junkie, can't wait to do this RT  Thinking abt driving Rte 66? So Many Lessons 
 Twitter Automates Link Shortening for Its Web App   RT 
 Facebook Turns On Facial Recognition For Tagging By Default   RT 
 My guess is Feb 14, 2012. you?  RT  When will Facebook hit 1 billion users?    
 Spirit airlines capitalizes on NY sex scandal with real-time marketing   
  thanks again!
 Please check out  blog 
 Are you on the North shore?  book signing tonight 
 "Social Media is a tool, real-time is a mindset" ~  
  thanks for the advice. so, find out what channels their contacts are on & see what they talk about? any tool recommendations?
 "Content and customers are your best influencers.  Put yourself in the customer shoes" 
 Within the 1st hour and 20 minutes, your content will get 50% of Likes...Visibli 
 Engagement rates are 18% on Thursday & Fridays than on other days of the week.   
 Great tip  Did You Know You Can Use FB.com/yourprofile or yourpage to Shorten Your Facebook URL?   
  watched ur smss11. great! I have a client that wants to start SM w/ only 1 channel. I think they need 2 be on top 3. thoughts
 "Single most important factor that makes a person an influencer is to create/post/share compelling content consistently" ~ 
 top reasons consumers dislike brands 1) post too often 2) wall crowded w/ marketing posts 3) content repetitive/boring...ExactTarget survey
 Customers DO NOT want to build a community with you, they don’t want to engage w/ brands to feel connected says 
 RT  It's here! Launch starts shipping today. Get the 1st chapter free here: 
 "Companies should have a consistent social media presence across the company, not just in marketing" says 
 Study found 82% of business social media programs have been around 3 years or less...report by Altimeter Group
 RT  Did You Know You Can Use FB.com/yourprofile or yourpage to Shorten Your Facebook URL?   
 Mashable Follow Hits 100,000 Users 38 Days After Launch   RT 
 RT   "Friends, Fans, & Followers are not a valuable metric. Views are not a metric. These do not indicate success."
 RT  The small business owner's guide to taking a vacation [infographic] 
 thanks RT  Please Follow & ReTweet:        
 Groupon's IPO by the Numbers [STATS]  via  
   thanks for RT
 Groupon files for IPO of up to $750 million | Reuters  via 
 I'm at Theory Sports Bar & Grill. (9 W. Hubbard St., Hubbard & State, Chicago) w/ 9 others 
 Twitter Adds One-Click Follow Button   via  
 RT  Be a great listener, encourage others in your Social Media  
 RT  The  Quality is Passion = Social Media Success via  
 Listening to  in her webinar  - 10 qualities of Social Media Superstars 
 Twitter Plans To Launch Photo-Sharing Service [REPORT]  via   
 I'm live on Ustream! Check out my show:  9:11 AM CDT
 I just broadcasted live on Ustream! Missed my show? Check it out:  7:43 AM CDT
 I'll see you there RT  Bike the drive is tomorrow. Who is going?
  Shared cool  info this week       
 Check it! 3 unique ways to explore Chicago   by 
  get over it, life goes on
 doh!! NBA Playoffs 2011: Scottie Pippen: LeBron James could end up better than Michael Jordan - ESPN Chicago 
 RT  5 Steps to an Awesome B2B Facebook Page 
 4 steps to great blog content 1) the idea 2) the headline 3) create SOCIAL content 4) add emotion via  
 "Be yourself, everyone else is already taken" - Oscar Wilde
 "social bookmarking is about content, not about the tools" says  
  whoot, chi-town!  
 don't need to take notes b/c they are being recording...thankfully 
  great discussion on SM metrics
 Great FREE social monitoring tool  
 3 potential SM objectives 1) build awareness 2) sales or lead generation or 3) loyalty.  Pick one! says  
 How to Hug Your Calculator 6 Step Process for Measuring Social Media  with 
 also, FB will collapse multiple TW posts RT  6 Reasons NOT To Feed Your Twitter Posts To Facebook 
 What's the next milestone? The history of advertising on Twitter [infographic] 
  thanks fro RT
 Hope the controllers were awake RT  51 airplane takeoffs in two minutes : Heavy Traffic 
  you are right, I need to!  things are going to slowly...thanks for the article
 RT  10 Best Tools For Social Media Monitoring 
 6 Ways to Screw Up Your Social Media Strategy  via  
 Great article. makes me realize I need to take massive action RT  5 Steps To Making 2011 Incredibly Awesome 
 RT  RT  LOL RT  54 % of US companies block access 2 social media. The other 46% r laughing at them
   thanks for following.  BTW, after I quit my job, I offered to work for the  for free & got denied...shocking :)
 I just registered RT  Check out "Chicago Community Manager Tweetup"  via 
 oh yeah RT  
 So I guess the release is not begin held up by the lawsuit RT  Who's seeing the Hangover 2 at midnight??!
 can't, but if u do get them, remember the spicy queso RT  Lol come and have some! "  TATER TOTS!!!!"
  last night yes, the previous game, not so sure.  but I think they are still going to take it
  TATER TOTS!!!!
 Grade Your Website and Win Prizes! [Contest]  via 
 RT   Community Manager = (SMM + Talent + Hard Work) = ROI
 yep, looks like a Game 7...but the Canucks look awesome RT  Any hockey fans out there? Whose watching the game tonight?
 that's nuts RT  Lucky strike [video] 
 small businesses plan to spend 29% of their lead generation budget on social media and blogs" via 
 RT  Win the Launch Your Business photo contest. It's fun and easy. Valuable prizes.  
 thanks RT  S/O to Peeps we list:      
 My latest blog post: Mac n Cheese Mingler: meet people, network & find things to do  
  you typed in the wrong hashtag
 [SEO Tip] Host ur blog on your website & not on Wordpress/Blogger/etc. to increase your ranking in search engines  
 " says content should share first, sell second...be a resource" says  
 "social media has to be a long term commitment" says   
 RT  How To Treat Your Facebook Fans Like Lady Gaga  via 
 RT  The  mistake on your personal Facebook profile (Useful!)  via 
 thanks for shoutout RT  Mac n Cheese Mingler: meet people, network & find things to do |  
 [SEO Tip] Put keywords to the left in your website's title tag  
 My latest  blog post:  Mac n Cheese Mingler: meet people, network & find things to do  
 Toyota Owners To Get a Private Social Network  via  
 You could see this coming RT    and  Planning Distribution Deal  
 Top 10 ways to engage fans on facebook by   
 RT  First-class failure 
 Agreed RT  Great usefull, short and direct post - My Social Media Tools by  
 same to you...make it a great day! RT  Good Morning ~ have a fabulous Tuesday.
 RT   check out our HBO Entourage x  Season 8 Promo 
 40+ Upcoming Social Media & Tech Events  via  
 [Review] My newest blog post on  please RT... Farmers Markets: fresh food from local vendors 
 RT  Cut your PPC and boost Organic Traffic  (please RT)
 [SEO Tip] Host ur blog on your website & not on Wordpress/Blogger/etc. to increase your ranking in search engines  
 thanks RT  Shout out to  for outstanding insight on what it takes to "socialize" ur brand/program 4 optimal engagement
  Segway back on (live at )
 I'm live on Ustream! Check out my show:  7:54 PM CDT
   thanks for RT
  thanks for RT
 Top 10 ways to engage fans on facebook by   
 Interesting, but will people collide b/c they are looking down RT  pedestrians w/ technology [video] 
 Check it! 3 unique ways to explore Chicago  
 My newest blog post, please RT...Chicago Farmers Markets: fresh food from local vendors  
   I have 4sq app on my iPhone & it is set to push my check-ins to facebook. usually works fine, but the last few days its not
 Skyline disappeared 
 People posting good stuff      
 my pleasure RT  Thanks for sharing my musings!      
 My newest blog post, please RT...RT  Chicago Farmers Markets: fresh food from local vendors  
 RT  6 Tips to Enhance Your Facebook Page With Photos  
 Gmail Chat & AIM Are Now Interoperable  via   
 Gmail Chat & AIM Are Now Interoperable  via  
 I just signed up with Twellow, the Twitter directory. Check me out: 
 RT   Thanks for reading - and for your tweet! :) 
 Yep, who wants to read through those things anymore? RT  Are Traditional Resumes Rubbish? 
 Mashable Surpasses 500,000 Facebook Fans [OMG!]  via  
  Bubble Alert! LinkedIn IPO Doubles
 ATTENTION FACEBOOK USERS: If anyone posts a status to your wall saying anything about a dislike button, DO NOT... 
 "CTR increase on twitter toward the end of the week as less traffic is out there" says  
 "try lots of campaigns and iterate out what did work"  
 RT  June17,IA-GOLF outing    
 Getting REAL Social Media Numbers & How to Host Successful Webinars w/  [   via 
 RT  Get Your Kicks at our Route 66 send off party! Check out a new Camaro & 1 lucky guest gets to drive a Chevy for a w ...
 4 quick tips on how to NOT market your blog RT  How NOT to market your blog 
  Facebook's Edgerank explained  
 Why I did not upgrade from 3G. RT  Apple planning major launch for 10th retail anniversary? Iphone5? 
 RT  Facebook Drops Age and Other Restrictions On Promotions -  [u still need an app though!] via 
 RT  8 New LinkedIn Features Worth Exploration  
  did you forget about me already? :)
 RT  ATTENTION FACEBOOK USERS: If anyone posts a status to your wall saying anything about a dislike button, DO NOT... http ...
  yeah, I got that impression.  they held a good discussion
  david & craig
  I am attending a 4wk SM webinar that has discussions from industry experts in various areas. those guys were talking abt blogging
  I am watching a webinar from the guy's who run manofthehouse.com and guess who is pictured in one of the slides
 RT  Sell your dream in the presentation & use the 10slides 20 min 30pnt font via  
 RT  You, the biz, must trust your customers FIRST before they trust you. Examples are    
 "Try to grow the pie, not worry about how much of it can you eat"  
 slightly awkward, but good 
 RT  The  Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    
  is the best social networking website for B2B  
 RT   Company Pages Secret Sauce? Product Recommendations says  
 Use LinkedIn advance search to find information and people says  
 LinkedIn Basics:  2) relationships matter: constantly sync email contacts, organize contacts and add notes 
 "LinkedIn Basic tips: 1) Identity: add pic, make connections public, update specialties, sync with twitter/blog/slideshare" 
 90 Tips To Make Your Blog Rock » Jeffbullas's Blog   Studies   [...]  via 
 Look at me go! RT  check out this awesome ABC spot about  ! 
 RT  check out this awesome ABC spot about  ! 
 Check it! RT  3 unique ways to explore Chicago   by 
 RT  8 Tips for Using Social Blogging to Grow Your Business  (via:   
 Poll: Favorite  Taj Gibson dunk of the night?  or ?
 17 Twitter Tips from Mashable Connect Attendees  via   
 RT  11 Ways to Find New Content for Your Social Strategy  
  a reminder to add social media examiner to the list of tools
 Listening to  at 
