  Didn't really realize how useful Google docs were until I was working on something for someone and they an issue w/ there email
  What's coming?
  Hey there lady!!
  Morning!
  Make today a great one!!
 It's time to start Christmas shopping!!
 Loving the Google docs! I need to use them more!
 OH wow, private insurances are going to be required to make birth control FREE? 
    is close!
 I? Did he say I? There is no I in WE!  
  came to an agreement but is it done right?
 Thanks. Good Night.
 Why is my son on the floor next to me doing push up?
  ok looking forward to it
 RT  Sign up for our mailing list to stay up to date with upcoming projects, specials and work! 
  thought about you when I found more votive holders this weekend.
  I just wish her all the best  for her
  Well yeah you right
  Im mean come on dude got three kids w/ his wife Dang  why?
  yes I read it She's special all I can say I hope she has a prenup to protect her $$
  Im digging the vid for "Gone Baby, Don't Be Long
  Its official 'tasia is dumb as hell!
  Whhhhhaaaa who the daddy?
  had a fabulous weekend! Thanks.
  what are you talking about? RT  Ask who? My children?!
  Check the story in yesterdays Dallas Morning News yes ma'am! There is $ available but he's holding it in his wallet! 
  and then Rick Perry holding $$ that's to be used to help poor pay their electric bills. WHO do these ppl think they are?
  I cant wait either!
  It's a mess! Doing this for their own selfish reasons forgetting they were elected to represent the people
 RT  RT  RT  ATTN REPUBLICANS: U.S. National Debt Chart Shows Bush Created Much More Debt Than ... http: ...
  its obvious what they are doing
  Hey lady im watching/listening to this debt ceiling foolishness on 
 RT  ATTN REPUBLICANS: U.S. National Debt Chart Shows Bush Created Much More Debt Than Obama.   ...
 RT  Amy Kremer on Cspan Washington Journal ---> we want solutions, not deals
 RT  Amy Kremer with the teaparty express is full of crap!    
  Amy doesn't have all her facts straight!
 RT   Amy, stop the propaganda lie about the $500b cut. It was from Medicare Advantage not Medicare. CSPAN need to co ...
 Right caller the poor is the only group thats going to be hurt  
 See girl you don't have all your facts 
 Where was the tea party when Bush was in office? 
 WOW blame it on Bill Clinton? 
 Ah but give ppl the correct information!
  Im good. Going to be headed to church a bit
  Good Morning. How r u this day?
  Your welcome! and i know this heat is not making it any better
 Im watching  and some of these callers have me ROTFL
  Aww! get you some local honey to take from now on *puts cover on, and feels forhead*
 
 To contact your elected officials!! 
  LOL you just got up, why you falling on the couch?
 Good Morning tweeples.
  hello there u might want to check you twitter acct I got a strange DM from you
 Alrighty ready to head out and see what I can see!
 RT  Oh yeah if you haven't got it yet we released our 4th album "love has no recession" this week pick it up so we can ma ...
  Happy Saturday to you!
  LOL see the man trying ok? RT The driver has on one of those steve harvey ,cedric entertainer suits its 90 degrees bro....
  Cereal and soy milk ain't too bad :)
  Good morning! Looking forward to your tweets and insight as well.
  You have a good one too!
 chicken wings and yellow grits 
 RT  “  The Chic-Lets fantastically Chic!    
 RT  Sherieann Jewellery is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     ...
  get ur stuff together! Put your own agenda aside and think about the American people! There is no more time 
 Morning folks!
  all the time RT Have you ever had a fantastic idea 4 a business ,then see it done by someone else 
 Thanks. Good Night.
  We'll work out all the details tomorrow. My eyelids are heavy as hell.
  Let's go find some next week?
  Im still using the old twitter
  Check your DM I sent you one
   Love to you ladies 
  Well damn! You're never at home!
  how long have u been in Vegas?
 Another feathered friend. He's almost cleaned up 
 My little birdie I found today. He's so cute 
  I keep adding to my votive candle holder collection 
  Oh well lets see I did a little thrifting today found some cool brass whatnots and sourcing a few things for my mans office
 RT   great info        
  refresh my memory pls RT ooooh cool. Do tell !
 RT  TY 
  How's everything?
 I've been MIA today. Trying to make something happen :)
 Hello tweeples! Happy Friday to ya!      
 ok the city code enforcment is on the phone let me see what they say..
  it was so. Hes mad about what I don't know. Maybe my house is bigger? I don't know I'll have to let it go and pray about
  him that was no good cause he says well move the fence WHA? ah you obviously dont knw the law u lost that a long time ago if
  I don't feel comfortable talking to you I want to talk to the man of the house U knw Im single!!! So I had my father talk to
  fence is 7" over on his property Y didn't he say anything to the PO when he moved in 95? So whn I called him on it he said
  I don't know y he does these things? Now this house was built in 55 I am the 2nd family to live in this house He says the
 RT  RT: We are passed 93,000 followers. YAY! 100,000 by the end of August. We can do it!!!!! Let's Go 
 Tweeples. I am not a happy camper today
  I know Im bad!
  Hello.
 GM Ppl!          
  Im on the phone w/ the city right the hell now! My next door neighbor is a miserable old as man
  it in my back alley way but YES and they charge you for that shyt!!!! Im madd as hell!
 His ass is mad or need to get laid one! But h has hell to pay!!!
 My little bushes have been chopped in the back The city did from a complaint from my crazy ass nxt door neighbor!!!!!
 Good Morning
  Funny how our music taste are similar. This is stuff my father played and i couldn't stand it then but love it now
  ok u say so. When is the baby due?
  Well hell you're girls are suppose to be planning it not you?
  My fav Steve Miller of all time 
  LOL Is this another baby shower or the same one?
  whatchu been up to?
 Republican rebels force new delay in debt crisis - Yahoo! News 
  Are you still in twitter jail?
  I will do that! RT Sounds like a plan, let me know when that happens.
  OH MY I never knew that I wonder why they do that?
  How do you go to twitter jail? 
 Alright  get ready for some serious protest if you don't get your act together I see it coming 
  I'd be the age I am right now RT Global study: if you could be one age, what would it be? The  answer? 25.
     Loved chatting w/u on tonights 
 RT  We want to thank  and  for being the best co-hosts I could ask for while  is in Ir ...
  Seems so. Glad to have made the connection Im planning a NYC visit soon maybe we can meet while Im there
 Oh and I for sure love the art my kids made when they were little now 18 and 21 
 Some of my clothing that my grandmother has made as been recycled into a pillow or blanket 
  Don't you just love things made by your family? 
 RT  Shopping handmade supports innovation, local economies, traditional techniques & emerging talent-my way to make a bett ...
 Q5 my quilt my great aunt made me 
 RT   There are so many great shops to choose from. You just gotta know where to look.
 RT   Sounds more than ok to me! Without people supporting handmade, the artists probably wouldn't get too ...
  Attending a formal event I think that pantyhose should be worn but just everyday ahhh Nope knee hi's are fine w/ pants
 is this a new time for  ?
  Renaissance Man I'm a Renaissance woMan found you via 
  Yes I found it very interesting to say the least
  I just found your blog Bungalow Blue today? Have you heard of  w/ the blog Blulabel Bungalow?
 Shouts to  district attorney  
  Will do!
  We might do another one in 2wks, but the last one went ok we still have tons of stuff
 Nothing on craigslist
 true-stories-hidden-treasure-mainstreet: Personal Finance News from Yahoo! Finance  via 
 lets see what's on Craigslist before I go..might find some good stuff
 Florida murderer caught 32 years after prison escape - Yahoo! News 
 The Fast Fix: Has Wall Street abandoned Obama? MEDIA Shut the hell up!!!  
  Must be fabulous cause it's on backorder
   Such lovely folks :)
  Looks lovely Where can I get it?  RT 
   Yes that might start something
  no sketches just blueprints and I can't reveal those at this time
  just found your blog? Have you heard of Erika from 
  I've been a busy worker bee with my current project  
   via 
  Monday please
  ok
  working on it got 3 for you just so you know
 RT  Okay everyone, bringing in a new fresh look, yes, NEW! WIth that look, which will be soon we are offering a great d ...
  I don't know what they get out of doing that. It's crazy
  snacks?
  The ladies at my church have been wearing pantyhose 
  U know I think I have that book, but it's no use right now Im mentally not ready I LOVE TO EAT! LOL
 You know good and well it's BS STOP agreeing w/ it!
 Im trying to figure out what spammers are trying to accomplish 
  See you said something. If they were on SS!
 ok last month I go to a gov't building and security tell me I can't have my camera but they're letting all those iPhone users thru 
  I hope you're not in the court room LOL
  ok but might be the diet I need to be on RT no grits on this diet sis
  Other than that whatchu been doing?
  these damn  r killing me ppl on SS need their chks but like some1 else said if its not done right we're still screwed
 I need to complete a few things I have been putting off I'll do them this weekend
  you could at least have yellow grits w/ the 3 egg whites
 RT  Anti-Gay Preacher Sues Rachel Maddow, MSNBC For $50 Million  ^
  We'll pray that it's done the right way.
 Hey  in  you were elected by the people this is not about you raise the debt ceiling already  !!
  sent u a DM 
  working LOL RT Looked at my wall calendar today and it said "April" -- yikes, it's almost August...where was I?
  Good Morning there lady!
  ok so what's up w/ her album? I've only heard that one song they play U think that Destiny Child need to have a reunion?
 RT  Hahahaha, fabulous. :) RT  I'm thankful for the jackasses that have passed through my life 
 RT  Personalized zebra print wall decal ~ Perfect for a special young lady's room! 
 I think I'm taking the wrong approach on a few things. Back to the drawing board
 RT  Thx! RT  Designers & Architects is out!  ▸ Top stories today via   ...
 RT  On the blog: Home Work: 
  later today
 I'm thankful for the jackasses that have passed through my life 
  You have a great one too!
  Happy Birthday!
  kids I tell ya!
 RT  Designing or  your home? Incorporate these  ideas early. Guest  tips for an eco-friendly  ...
 RT  Who originally is behind the quote - "A Brand is what people say about you when you're not in the room?"
 The debt ceiling has been raised in the past no problem Don't make me have to pull out my cards!!!
 RT  Winner of the RAMSIGN Enamel House Sign Giveaway 
  my tumblr link is 
  Im watching storage wars on 
  
  Hey u know you gotta ask before u go anywhere :) cc: 
  Sorry I missed  next time
  what kind I maybe able to help A-frame, banner what?
 RT  Great Contradictions Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     ...
  OH well hell I thought maybe you knew a few and yes check when u think about it on the BB Im making a few plans
  is there a B&B near where you live?
  Hey u see that pic? Do u ever see any of them hanging out in  ? I think all of them live there or at least most of them
  Ah we will see once I stage and take pics but thanks
 RT  R U a winner? Enter our  from Easy Canvas Prints. See post for details.  Enter today. Tell a ...
  LOL I wonder the same thing
 Another quick update   
 Almost free art! I'm in love w/ this  too  via 
 Just plain 'ol cool peoples 
  Im going to try really hard to be in for 
 Ok here are a couple. These are difficult if you try to hard.  
