 August Blog Hop Giveaway--Kodak Easyshare C195 Digital Camera!  via 
 Yes! So excited! RT   Just sent you my cell  over your site's contact form.
  so am I! Want to go with me to that? I think in going alone so far.
  want to go with    and I? R u going to the  party? 
 Giveaway and Review:Dagedar Toys  via 
 $.75/1 Philadelphia Cooking Creme Printable Coupon  via 
 Ashlin’s Ltd – $35 for $75 worth of Merchandise  via 
 Giveaways Ending Tonight!  via 
 Kodak Easyshare C195 Digital Camera Giveaway  (US & CANADA)  via 
 Follow and Tweet to Win 4 iPads, One per Day, Aug 1st - Aug 4th  via 
 Better Moms  via 
 Notes from Our Road Trip to Pennsylvania  via 
 Wanna Win a KINDLE 3G? GIVEAWAY ends 8/18 WORLDWIDE   via 
 Boost Your Buzz $1,000 Giveaway! 
 $1 Kids Movies on Tuesday & Wednesday  via 
 Boost Your Buzz $1000 Summer Giveaway!  via 
 *AUGUST WINNERS*  via 
 Oneida Chef’s Table & Grandville Glassware Review  via 
 Arthur Reads App Series Review  via 
 I'm at McDonalds 
 Amazing One Day Only Sale!  via 
 Monkey Monday 8/1 – Giveaway Linky  via 
 Monday Morning Link Up: List Your Giveaways!  via 
 The Winner of the Mid Summer Moolah Giveaway of $410 CASH is….  via 
 Winners of Additech Giveaway  via 
 La Duni $15 for $30 worth of Food Deal at Juice in the City  via 
 For a Perfect Pedi...  via 
 Have a Howling Good Time at   via 
 Get up and Dance with RIO  via 
 $1/1 Reach Floss Printable Coupon = FREE Floss  via 
 Losing Weight- a work in progress!  via 
  I never thought about measuring! im borrowing my parents who travel waay more than i do so i think im good.
  i also have a confirmation number for my flights.
  do U have flight numbers? I'm flying on frontier booked w/ orbitz & have flight numbers. ill check in on the frontier website.
  to check in your flight?
  love your   video. So professional looking. Great job!
 Lenny & Larry’s Brownies and Cookies–Giveaway (ends 8/14)  via 
 Weekend Musings  via 
 Anyone flying into san diego for  around 9:15 on thurs morning wanna share a cab?
  that is so cool. They have great stuff.
 One Trimester Down, Two More To Go!  via 
 Reminder: Sunday Night Styleathon  via 
  Torrid is your sponsor? like the clothes? Very cool
  sorry. the tweet grid moved on me as I was getting ready to respond. Sorry. :)
   is your sponsor? Very cool.
  it only happened bc Jack went to bed at 6pm instead of almost 10pm like normal. same crap I have.
  i'm feeling somewhat better. I got about 12 hrs of sleep last night..lol. thanks for asking. wine fixes everything..lol.
  no prob. I think sharing session notes is an excellent idea for 
 BlogHer 11 Workshops -  idea about sharing  session notes from 
 Pinterest Weekly Round Up 7/31/2011  via 
  did you read something that the sessions will be blogged?
  im just getting over my cold just in time for 
 Why You Never Leave Children Alone With Markers  via 
 Top 5 Back-to-School Picks for 2011  via 
  my sister says she cries everytime bc it's such a journey he and his family have been on. ;)
 Christmas in July: ChristmasOrnaments.com – Review  via 
 so, I made a mexican beef roast in the crockpot. thinkin abt saving the juices for chili or something. thougths?
 thr is a gorgeous man in R pool w/ a more gorgeous foreign accent. im thinking British. couldn't get close enough w/o being weird 
 MM, Free, and Super good Deals week of 7/31  via 
 he is a beautiful man! RT  I'm working out with Bob Harper at  SQUEE!
 Reading: "Life With 4 Boys: My  Oath - You Should Totally Take it Too"(  )
 Download the Twitter Toolbar and RT to win an ipad! 
 Finished Breaking the Color Rules with   via 
 Winner of the Coco & Tini Giveaway  via 
  it's not in the shop anymore, but here is the shop link  from Kansas City.
  so, I'm going to say I love it and you should totally bring it. I love the gray/yellow combo
  im not even joking about this.
  on etsy. :)
  omg! you seriously rock. Can you make me a new pair of shoes :)
  notice anything interesting? 
  did you get that on etsy? I'm going to post a pic of the bag I'm bringing. :)
  when it snows in Arkansas, our entire corporate office closes down...lol.
  sometimes it's not worth knowing. :) my 3 yr old never wears underwear at home. :)
  awesome! Hopefully I'll have them on...lol
  cool. You guys are def on my expo hall list to meet up with at  .
  thanks. I have a funny feeling I'll be making my way back before I leave town on Wed. are u going 2 b in the expo hall?
 i told Jack he needed to go sit in my room until he was ready to talk nice. so, he goes and sits in the dog kennel.
  i don't know. that is a good question to ask.
 Winner of the Knot Genie Detangler Brush Giveaway  via 
  will the The Digital Mom Handbook be for sale at  sounds interesting.
  good thing I'm not driving anywhere....lol. to be more adult like, I'll prob divide them into 2 parties.
  im gonna give it a couple of days and see if I still want them. If I do, I'll go back.
  I could easily "make" them an investment...LOL. they r a black/white snakeskin pump. perfect for parties.
  i thought i was done. then I made the mistake of wlkng in the store. ive a little bit of $ avail on GC but I dont NEED the shoes
  HaHa. I think it was a valid question..lol. this mom needs to cut loose..lol
  my mom said that her grandma used to make them eat it at the first sign of a cough. and it worked everytime.
 lets say I want to save all my drink tickets for one  party. can I do that?
 is $150 an alright amount to bring to  if I have a full pass?
 I found THE cutest shoes at  today. Just not sure if they are within my  budget :(
 Boost Your Buzz: Watch for it!  via 
 Announcing the Dash 4 Cash & Other Prizes for Monday 8/1  via 
 Current Giveaways at Leslie Loves Veggies – 7/31/11  via 
 I'm at Casey's General Store (3051-3089 Floyd Blvd, Sioux City) 
 Straight Talk- What More Could You Want?  via 
 I'm at Floyd Family Car Wash (3051-3089 Floyd Blvd, Sioux City) 
 I'm at Murphy USA  (3115 Floyd Blvd., Sioux City (N)) 
 Giveaway Buzz for Sunday, July 31  via 
 I'm at Family Health Care (4230 Hamilton blvd, Sioux City) 
  I think I also need members. Bummer
 gestational diabetes: my story  via 
 Have a “Stay Sharp Summer” with Mentor Interactive Nintendo Ds and Wii Games  via 
  I think i was wrong. I only have 33 bones. do i need more?
 Family Movie Night: “Who Is Simon Miller?”  via 
 i finished alst night. RT  Packing seems to the  theme today.
 its noon and i'm letting J sleep w/o waking him up since Ill be whooping it up at  next weekend and he'll be doing solo parenting
 On The Go With Marie Callender’s  via 
  Vick Vaporub has been my best friend the past few days. Love this stuff
  were you the one want me to join your tribe on tribberr? I think I have enough bones now. :)
  they R both comparable. sc paper sucks 4 coupons. except 4 the P&G insert the 1s of the month. omaha paper is harder 2 find
  I just dm'd you a couple of invites. both are the same. I don't know what happened. :)
 Dear Google, will you please accept me now?  via 
  I get mine at caseys and I can also get the omaha paper if I'm early enough.
 RT  FYI! my sponsor DeVine Lip Shimmers is hosting a giveaway on my site, 5 winners   plz rt
 it sucks :) RT   I'm really sick too!  Figures, right before  right?
  thanks. I feel somewhat better after a good sleep. going to be low key leading up to 
 I bought 2  papers ths am 4 coupons. only 2 find out 1 paper only had 1 insert (no p&g) & the other had 4. wht gr8 consistency
  if you want, dm me your email and I'll invite you to be in my tribe. :)
  it's from Tribberr. You sign up and then there are tribes who share your posts on twitter.
 The Smurfs Movie Review  via 
 Weekly Giveaway Linky: July 31 – August 6  via 
 When you Need a Rest...Take It.  via 
 Happy Birthday Kayla!!  via 
 A Taste of Home  via 
 Dream Big With Upromise  via 
 Kidorable Facebook Photo Contest–Win a Kidorable Ensemble  via 
 Winner of the Oral B Power Toothbrush Giveaway  via 
 The Sunday Showcase 7/31- Link up your child centered posts!  via 
 Hawaiian Kettle Style Chips: A Review  via 
 Heaps of Giveaways Linky – 7/31  via 
 Expiring Coupons and Some New Ones, too  via 
 Linksys E4200 Wireless Router  8-14  via 
 Newest Album from Robert Pierre – I’m All In {Giveaway}  via 
 Sunday Stroll:Weekly Giveaway Linky July 31st  via 
 New Coupons Are UP on Coupons.com!  via 
 Top 5 Back-to-School Picks for 2011  via 
 Tuffo: Gear for Families on the Go – Giveaway (ends 8/13)  via 
 New England Coffee ~ Try Me Iced Blueberry Cobbler Coffee {Giveaway}  via 
 Quick and Easy Pancakes  via 
 In an effort to rid myself of this cold/sinus thing before  in going to bed 5 hrs earlier on a sat night. 
 Smiley Cookie: My BlogHer Sponsor and Giveaway!  via 
 FacePalm Friday - Waking the Baby  via 
  congrats by the way.
  so you are getting a head start then?
 Solution to the Debt Crisis  via 
  does it have to do with a recent meeting?
 Love Flavored Coffee? Try Inbru! – Review  via 
 Back to School Savings  via 
 Back to School Guide coming Monday!  via 
  thanks!
  you are the best!
 4 Great  Ending This Weekend - Don't miss out!  via 
 Sunday Coupon Preview: July 31, 2011  via 
 InfraShine MST Flat Iron {Giveaway} $139 Value  via 
 Trying to Balance Ministry and Home Life  via 
 Fusion Pilates – Review & Giveaway  via 
 5 Ways To Gain New Twitter Followers  via 
 DS Lite and Mario Games a huge hit! Review  via 
 big thanks to  for calming my 1st panic attack abt 
  that is a very good rule to go by.
  thanks. do i go right into me, or do I let them make the move abt their products?
 ok. now i'm having a panic attack abt  I thought I was going 2 b calm abt it. Freakin out on what I say when I meet the brands.
  did you guys ever decide where you are moving to?
 am I crazy for making chili when the temp has an heat index of 97? It just sounds soooo good.
 Upstairs neighbor gets dad of yr award for throwing a bigger hissy fit than his 4mo old daughter as she cries.
 Silly Creations  via 
 Top Ten Reasons to Love 20 Second Fitness  via 
 does anyone know the location of the    party? I don't think I've heard anything yet.
 Nanas Baked Corn  via 
  I have to work mon & tues so I figured I wouldn't feel like doing all my laundry and stuff after work.
  im mostly done packing for  finished last night. :)
 minus a couple pcs of clothing that need washed, I'm all packed for  !!
 Review + Sweepstakes ~ Crystal Light Flavor Over Fizz  via 
 Prepping for Blogher: Printing, Shipping, & Packing (Discount Alert)  via 
  i thought abt putting my carryon in the checked bag. but then worry that they will lose it and I'll have nothing..lol
 The Re-decorated Bathroom   via 
  yeah, I thought abt splitting it. I can get everything on a carry on though! More room for swag 
 how weird would it look if I checked an empty bag on the plane for 
 Giveaway Winner  via 
 Original Sprout Natural Skin Care ~ $50 Gift Certificate {Giveaway} 2 Winners  via 
 Geocaching Lesson 3 Trade Items!  via 
 Awesome Nature's Own printable Coupon!  via 
 Win $10 in Save rewards with  10 and 20 Twitter Contest  via 
 It's Back!!  Kroger's Cart Buster Savings Sale & Giveaway!  via 
 Seneca Farms Oatmeal & Fruit Review and Giveaway  via 
 New Downy Unstopables in Wash Scent Booster  via 
 New Shineys from  !  via 
 Flair Yourself Friday: Keratosis Pilaris (Chicken Bumps)  via 
 Flip Flop Wine Review  via 
 The Cravory Cookies Review & Giveaway  via 
 Aloha Friday: Nervous  via 
 July Giveaway Roundup  via 
 Our Garage Sale Fail  via 
 Henry's Crime DVD  8-13  via 
 Family Frugal Fun for the Weekend  via 
 woot woot! RT   looking forward to meeting you and going to the  party! 
 Funky Monkey T-Shirt Review  via 
 check out  for coupons codes for Office Depot. Great for back to school 
 Loving Lunch - OctoDogs  via 
 off to pack for  and then if im still not sleepy, I'll start making my list of goals and people that I MUST meet.
  is yoga barefoot? or do i need gym shoes?
  you have yoga leggings?! Great. If I put leggings on, everyone will run and we can have a private session.
  welcome. I'd follow, but I'm already following. :)
 RT  Oh my word... 202 more followers til I hit my 2K goal before  think I can do it? :) Lovin' the RTs, dear hearts!
  and wear a pajama shirt or something?
  well, I'm overweight so it just may kill me. LOL. Do you have work out clothes? I can prob find some pants somewhere
 I think  is trying to kill me by having me workout on Friday morning at  :)
  i think i might start packing tonight. ya know, the stuff I won't really need until then.
  is Gordon Ramsay going to be at  I love him!
  I dont have them yet. I tried asking twitter but haven't heard anything. thanks again for understanding about cheap sally.
 awesome! RT  The  bear, the sun from Jimmy Dean and the Brawny man are all going to  Photo ops abound!
 anyone flying in to San Diego about 9ish on Thurs morning for  ?
 Pro Beauty Tools Curl Wand Review & Giveaway  via 
 Fiber One 80 Calories Cereal  via 
 love the idea of a mini card iRT  My  minicards have arrived! 
 Win Wisharoo Park, an educational and adorable prize pack!  via 
 Goal Zero: Portable Solar Power for Your Phone or Computer  via 
 Custom Back to School Name Labels As Low as $2  via 
  it's totally fine. :) i was just confused. lol
  I wonder if it was one of those auto tweets from Tribberr. I sure wish I had 35lbs left to go...lol
  do I need to be at the twitter party for a chance to win the laptop?
 Yoga by the Dozen – Review & Giveaway  via 
 only 2 days of work left! RT  Is  really 6 days away?  Whoa. 
 for? RT    CONGRATS!!!!! xx
 Wanna Be A Better Blogger? Check out   via 
 Fisher Price Product Safety Recall  via 
 35 Pounds to Go…Help Me Yummie Tummie!  via 
 Do we need to bring our tickets to the  party?
 Child Abuse – A Plague on Society  via 
 $1 Off Any Milk Coupon Available Now {Hurry!}  via 
 Free Freschetta By the Slice Pizza Event – August 4th!  via 
 11 Week Pregnancy Growth  via 
 The Help Opens August 10 : Prize Pack GIVEAWAY : ends 8/12 :   via 
 It’s Mega Swagbucks Day!  via 
 Elmer’s Back It Forward School Supplies Shopping and Donations  via 
 Elmer’s Bag It Forward School Supplies Shopping and Donations  via 
  is really happening! Got my pass today!
 Things were just overwhelming a few weeks back...  via 
 Earthbound Farm Giveaway Worth Over $100 {US}  via 
 Facebook Friday Hop! July 29 2011  via 
  how do they come?
  man. I thought my pre  sinus infection was sucky. Hope your toes feel better.
 Found a few freebies  via 
 Coupons.com Printable Coupons  via 
 Giveaway - Go Green win a Trendy SnapSac, ends 8/30, rafflecopter  via 
 Rizzoli & Isles   via 
 School Shopping on YardSellr -  get $5 free gc  via 
 Win a $300 4GB Xbox 360 Console with Kinect Giveaway - new winner every day  via 
 State Cookie Winners!  via 
 Disney’s Junior Jake and the Never Land Pirates Coming to DVD this Fall  via 
 SPECIAL SALE ~ Wax Seal Pendants only $20  via 
 
 Can't wait either roomie! RT     can't wait to meet u all in perso… (cont) 
 RT  Review & Giveaway: Chuck E Cheese’s New Pizza Recipe | New to Mom  1 day left and LOW entries pls RT
 RT  Taking extra precautions for  Trip  my own extra obssessive precautions
 Georgia Tax Free Weekend – August 5th – 7th  via 
 TGIF Giveaway Linky - July 28, 2011  via 
 Taking extra precautions for BlogHer 11 Trip 
 Foto Friday: A New Blog Hop  via 
 Painting the Bathroom with  Testers Part 2  via 
 Friday Frenzy 8/29  via 
 The Lion’s Deceit Review & Giveaway  via 
 The Stocked Kitchen: Review & Giveaway PLUS Recipe for Cinnamon Chips!  (   via 
 Bee Friendly Friday Follow  via 
 Winner of Savvycents Coupon Wallet Giveaway  via 
 Orville Redenbacher Pop Up & Win Sweepstakes!  via 
 Photos.com 50-Image Pack {Giveaway} $135 Value  via 
 Pinterest Post of the Day  via 
  ending the 31st. Hurry!  via 
 Affordable Scarves {Summer Giveaway} ~ US & Canada  via 
 America’s Favorite Cereal-Honey Nut Cheerios   via 
  – Twitter Party Sign Ups!  via 
 DaGeDar Review and Giveaway  via 
 Rock n Learn Getting Ready for Kindergarten DVD Review and   via 
 Dropcam Review & Giveaway!  via 
 My Favorite Talk Show by Lenny Mcknight  via 
 August is National Breastfeeding Month!  via 
  will do! Thanks! I'll be in a black/cream striped dress and black flats :)
 I am! I'd love a chance to chat with you. Long time reader :) RT   I am!! You?  
  r u by chance going to the clever girls party at BlogHer?
 Lazy Girls Baked Ziti Recipe  via 
  is the only blog group I'm willing to pay for
 RT  Next prize up: Blue Sky Collection $50 gift card!  
 Spectacular Sand Sculptures  via 
 wow! that is a small town RT    LOL We just got our first one 
 we have 2 many..lol. RT    do you both have a stop light? LOL 
 mine is big for IA...lol RT    I live in a small town too LOL 
  I had a brief college roommate at U of Iowa that was from Ottumwa
  no way! I live in sioux city, IA 
 Miche Bag Interchangeable Purse Review!  via 
 q2 I love the friendships, blog help and opportunities 
 i bet u get yours soon. RT   - Haven't gotten my sonsi card yet -- but can't wait! 
  i really enjoyed it esp since i want to do more fashion writing on my blog. 
 I  bought a thigh slimmer for blogher RT   I got my Sonsi giftcard yesterday and already used it myself. : ) 
 Cyberbullying is Never Acceptable!  A Must Read!  via 
 I got my Sonsi giftcard today from a post I did with  Already went shopping :)
  has given me so many friendships and blog opportunities I wouldnt have gotten on my own. so thankful.
 those r the best! RT   Awesome!  We will be covering our online courses tonight! 
 I'm a  member and I love it!
 agreed! Best blog related thing I did. RT  anyone who is not a memeber of momspark needs to be! 
 cupcakes?! RT  no one told me there was cupcakes! 
 hello! Can't wait to meet you next week. RT   Hey roomie! 
 Hi  friends!!!!
 One thing after the other.  via 
 i love that Jack is playing school and he doesn't start preschool for another year.
 I live in Iowa and did not get my  badge either. I'm sure it will come tomorrow.
 Rio & National Friendship Day Twitter    via 
  can i join the tribe? my legs are brighter than my cream dress :)
 RANGO Movie Review & Giveaway  via 
 is there a location set for the    party yet>
 I'll be wearing this  dress at  
 Causes | Helping another mom and Cancer survivor  via 
 ToiletTree Oral Irrigatior Review & Giveaway  via 
 Free Decorative Nail Shields from Fabulous Nails  via 
 I didn't get mine. RT  Have people received their  badges yet? Feeling panicky that mine hasn't arrived
 YUM! RT   about to have to "mexican" taco salad for dinner. Warming up for our yummy lunch next thursday!! 
 Summer DIY with Direct Choice Satellite! {Guest Post}  via 
 VTech Peek-At-Me Bunny {Giveaway}  via 
 Free Depend Sample Pack  via 
 Whole Bunch of Giveaways Ending Soon!  via 
 Bonding Over Beauty by Erika Katz {Giveaway}  via 
 Nomadic State of Mind Sandals Review  via 
 Vegan for Life by Jack Norris, RD & Virginia Messina, MPH, RD {Giveaway} 3 Winners  via 
 Tips for a Positive Work-at-Home Summer with Kids  via 
 MamaBuzz Road Trip: Route 66 Days 1 & 2  via 
 French Toast School Uniforms Review and Giveaway  via 
  are you going to any of the parties like big toy book or clever girls?
 Thirsty Thursday and Five Things I Learned in Vermont  via 
 Half off deal for children’s clothes  via 
  thanks! I haven't worn a dress in a long time...lol
  thanks! It looks better in person.
 I feel so pretty in my new dress 
 Wordless Wednesday July 27th 2011  via 
 Making Magic in the Kitchen  via 
 Prefense Review and Giveaway  via 
 Looney Tunes Scene & Sound Machine” App by Warner Bros! Frame Creator Review  via 
 Is the  expo hall at the convention center along with sessions? Or is it a seperate building?
 Thursday Giveaway Linky Live 17  via 
 Traveling with Vera Bradley  via 
 Umi Children’s Shoes {Back to School Giveaway} ~ US & Canada  via 
 New Boxee App... AOL HD  via 
 What to Wear to Outdoor Summer Events  via 
 Win An Apple 32GB iPod Touch (4th Generation)! - Triple Entry Thursday  via 
 Easy way to sell you cell  via 
 Prefense Hand Sanitizer Review and Giveaway  via 
 I'm at McDonalds 
 Daughters of the River Huong  via 
 Toddler Talk Thursday – Keeping Busy in a Diffucult Situation  via 
 FREE Personalized T-shirt from Vistaprint… HURRY!  via 
 What Do I Do About This?  via 
 Wordless Wednesday!  A "New" Way to     :)  via 
 How to get your children to eat their veggies!  via 
 More Than Gourmet Classic French Stocks & Sauces {Review}  via 
 Moana Saves Great Giveaways Linky  via 
 UPrinting Custom Postcards Giveaway  via 
 Cleveland Metroparks Summer Beach Party  via 
 Wordless Wednesday 7/27/11  via 
 Live Shows Coming Up- Monkey monkey Music!  via 
 Individual Sense of Style   via 
  how exciting!
  i fly in on Thurs morning abt 9:15. looking to share a cab with people.
 going to bed at 7:30 sounds like a great idea. until i'm up 2 hours later ready for the day. Oops. I meant the night.
  mine hardly freezes
 The Amazing Straw-lution Straw {Giveaway}  via 
  when do you fly in?
  I think you have to schedule the shuttle for 
  yeah! Will this replace any of your others?
 Use Your Spare Time to Take Paid Surveys  via 
 Review + Extra Entries ~ Frecklebox {Back to School Bash}  via 
 Circus events abound this weekend! DFW area events, concerts and entertainment  via 
 Fireman Sam: Brave New Rescues – Now on DVD {Giveaway}  via 
 PlanetGear.com Review & Giveaway  via 
 Fall seven times; stand up eight  via 
 CoCoa Puffs Prize Pack  via 
  that's what I'm telling myself to get through the work week...lol
 only 4 more days of work until I'm off for  ! Thurs, Fri, Mon Tues then vacay!!!!!
  new twitter follower from the  stream
 It's summer time where did everyone go?  via 
 Got Stuffed Animals? My Stuffie–Giveaway (ends 8/11)  via 
 FINISH CHALLENGE! Review & Giveaway  via 
  yes. Plus, it's a nice excuse to get new ones since I seem to put it off all the time. :)
 My Daughter’s Sense of Style   via 
 Family Movie Night – Who Is Simon Miller? DVD Giveaway!  via 
  thanks!!!!
 Im a newbie as well RT  I'm not the only  attending Blogher for the first time?
  crazy right? id just feel more comfortable knowing they weren't used...lol
 what is the weirdest/craziest thing you've done to prepare for  I bought new undergarment in case my bags get searched...lol
 Deep Fried Oreos  via 
 Taming Tuesday Blog Hop July 25  via 
 Rubbabu Funky Balls, Little Vehicles & Uppercase Alphabet: Soft Educational Toys : Review & G...  via 
 My Beating Heart Relaxation Pillows – Review and Giveaway  via 
 Are You on Pinterest?  via 
 Cloth Diaper Sale at Zulily  via 
 RT  Review & Giveaway: Chuck E Cheese’s New Pizza Recipe | New to Mom  Low entries
 Wordless Wednesday: Hawaii Moonlight  via 
 Body By Vi Challenge  via 
 Wednesday Sweepstakes 7/26  via 
 50th Birthday Bash  via 
 Keeping Your PC Safe with ChicaPC-Shield [Giveaway]  via 
 Free ebook: When I Lay My Isaac Down  via 
 Wordless Wednesday–Pool Fun  via 
