 In honor of all moms take 15% off everything & enter "THMOM2011" at checkout. Ends Sunday at midnight. Happy Mother's Day!!!
 Participating in the Meltdown Sale at Hugs, Toscana Park Granger from Heaven 9 - 3 PM!
 Welcome See Kai Run boys collection to Toeheadz.com!!  
 Gearing up for our 2nd Saturday Meltdown Sale - Hugs from Heaven, Toscana Park/Granger from 9 AM - 3 PM
 Spring 2011 Knuckleheads now online! 2009 Earnie Award Winner Best Boy Brand of the Year!! 
 Meltdown Sale tomorrow!  Granger Hugs from Heaven - Toscana Park.  Come join us from 9AM to 3 PM!!
 All Vincent shoes on sale!!!  
 Degas dress just arrived and it's stunning!!  Perfect for Easter, a wedding, or any event!  
 Meltodwn sale at Hugs from Heaven this Saturday from 9AM - 3PM! Toeheadz, Lily's Sweet Pea, Hugs from Heaven, etc! Granger/ Toscana Park
 Spring Toobydoo adorable new girls dresses just arrived! Check them out athttp://www.toeheadz.com/toobydoo.html !
 Spring 2011 Toobydoo for boys just in - adorable!!! 
 New Kit & Lili Spring 2011 in stock!  ...so adorable!!! 
 It's Toeheadz Tuesday! 15% off all NEW SPRING 2011 Stun! Enter "THTSPRINGSTUN15". Expires on April 6th! 
 Check out our new Kit & Lili Spring line...holy cuteness!! 
 Toobydoo Spring 2011 just arrived - look out!!!
 Our latest review!! 
 Appaman is here!  
 It's Toeheadz Tuesday! 15% of all new Stun Spring 2011 collection! Enter "THTSTUN15". Expires March 10th! 
 Check out our new Wonderboy line!  
 More international orders!  Next Toeheadz stop...Finland!
 See Kai Run shipment arrived....holy cuteness!!
 Check out what's new for Stun...dangerously cute!  
 SALE!!! 30-50% off of a ton of Fall inventory...check it out!  
 Check out what's new for Llum: 
 Working the Toeheadz Overstock sale with 30-50% off - awesome!!
 We now carry the baby collection of Livie & Luca...so cute!!!  
 New Spring 2011 Livie & Luca shoes are in!!!  
 Awesome day at the North Branch Chicago show...holy cuteness for Fall 2011!!!
 ‎2 days left! Take 25% off everything (even Livie & Luca shoes)! Enter "THTALL25" at checkout. Offer expires Jan 27th at midnight!
 Toeheadz Tuesday (and Wednesday & Thursday)! 25% off EVERYTHING! (even Livie & Luca shoes)! Enter "THTALL25". Expires Jan 27th!
 Win a $36 Toeheadz Gift Certificate! Enter at 
 And another review on "Mimi Loves All Eight" blog - 
 Win a $25 Gift Toeheadz Gift certificate! Enter at 
 Latest review on "The Cartoon Lovin' Momma" blog -
 Will participate in the Overstock Sale in Granger in February...woohoo, look out for great discounts!
 Registered for North Branch Show in January!
 Registered for Stylemax Show Chicago in January!
 Blog update!  
 20% off Livie & Luca navy or brown Brussels! Coupon "Brussels20". Expires Jan12. 
 Get 10% off - check us out on the Family Groove!  
 See what people are saying about Toeheadz.com!  
 just added my blog to the  Blog Directory!  Add yours! 
 Another order off to Australia...we do love it down under, by the way!
 New 2011 shipping!  FREE shipping for orders over $75!  $5.95 flat rate for everything else!  
 Hope you love your new Glug Peacock Tee!! 
 Cool review on Blissful Bee Blogging +our Christmas giveaway! 
 Awesome Chicago trunk show!!
 Awesome South Bend Trunk Show today!  Prepping for Chicago Trunk Show on Sunday!
 Spring Llum samples arrived today...all I can say is wow!!!
 The FREE Glug Peacock Tee is super cute!  
 FREE giveaway on The Family Grove, named best parenting website by REAL SIMPLE Family. 
 Order sent off to Okinawa, Japan...that's a very loyal Livie & Luca customer!
 Prepping for our South Bend Thursday trunk show!
 Toeheadz Tuesday! Take 15% off + FREE ship + FREE gift wrap of all shoes!!!! Enter THTShoes15. Expires Dec 1st!!  
 Less than 24 hrs for Cyber Monday!! Take 15% off of anything/everything (including shoes) + FREE shipping!! Enter "THCyberM15" at checkout.
 15% off of everything (including shoes) + FREE shipping!  Enter "THCyberM15" at checkout. 
 15% off (+ FREE shipping) on Llum's Black Miro dress! Enter "THTBMiro15". 
 Loving  stylish holiday card collection! Use the code TMOM for 15% off your order of $99.  
 Firming up plans for December Chicago trunk show!!
 Who said sprouts weren't cool? Check out these Brussels by Livie & Luca! 
 Cowboy meets the Hamptons! Check out our latest & greatest from Livie & Luca. 
 Toeheadz Tuesday! 15% off + FREE shipping on all boy's Toobydoo sweaters! . Enter code "THTTBD15"!
 Just placed our Knuckleheads spring order today...look out boys!  Wishing it was January already!!!
 20% off + FREE shipping of Llum's Bertoia dress! Enter "THTBertoia20" at checkout. 
 Persnickey fall outfit just in...not sure if I've seen anything cuter!  A new favorite for me!!
 Livie & Luca Brown Holland boots back in stock for the 3rd time!
 Livie & Luca Red London Boots back in stock for the 3rd time! 
 Livie & Luca Black London Boot back in stock for the 3rd time! 
 Livie & Luca Navy Blossom shoes back in stock for the 3rd time! 
 Livie & Luca Brown Suede Pio Pio shoe back in stock for the 3rd time! 
 Livie & Luca Pio Pio Fuchsia shoes back in stock for the 3rd time! 
 Setting up 2 trunk shows in December - Indiana & Chicago!
 Just in - Livie & Luca re-order  Navy Blossom, Black London Boot, Red London Boot, Pio Pio Fuchsia, Pio Pio Brown Suede, Brown Holland.
 Working on our Llum Spring 2011 inventory - so many cute swing dresses and skirts...how will we ever choose?!
 It's Toeheadz Tuesday!  20% off + FREE ship on Stun's adorable Hippie Bouquet Dress. 
 Just ordered Appaman for Spring 2011...cutest boys monkey jerseys!
 Working with Plum District for an awesome Toeheadz promotion...be on the lookout out shoppers!
 Featured in a Blogger review on "And Twins Make 5" 
 Livie & Luca Brown Holland Boots back in stock by popular demand! 
 Livie & Luca Red London Red Boots back in stock! 
 Livie & Luca Holland Fuchsia Boots back in stock! Hurry...quick sellers! 
 Livie & Luca Brown London Boots back in stock! Hurry - quick to sell out! 
 Livie & Luca Pio Pio Brown shoes back in stock! 
 It's Toeheadz Tuesday! 15% off + FREE ship on all Vincent Ludde Shoes!  Enter "THTLudde15" at checkout. 
 It's Toeheadz Tuesday! 10% off + FREE ship on all Toobydoo boy sweaters! Enter "THTTBD10" at checkout. 
 Awesome trunk show - great to meet new women and promote Toeheadz at the same time!!
 Toobydoo Baby product just arrived in time for the trunk show...coming soon to the website!
 Setting up for our trunk show tonight...very exciting!!
 Getting ready for our first trunk show on Thursday!!
 Blog update: 
 Stun Lilac & Plum Lovely Tees back in!!!  ...perfect tee under the perfect fall dress - 
 Stun Dotted Jumped now in size 2T, 3T, 4T, 5/6T!  Adorable for fall!! 
 Wonderboy Beetle box Tee ALSO back in stock!!  ...selling like crazy!  
 Wonderboy Tee back in stock by popular demand! 
 Just ordered Spring 2011 Livie & Luca shoes...which ones will you ever choose?!!!
 Toeheadz Tuesday! 15% off +FREE ship of Llum's Bertoia dress. Use code"THTBertoia15". 
 is welcoming our newest niece & Toeheadz, baby Marley!  We couldn't be more thrilled tonight!!
 2 Days left - Kit & Lili Sale! 20% off + FREE ship on orders $40+! Enter "KLSummer20". Ends Oct 1! 
 Almost to 500 followers on Facebook! Any great ideas for when we reach 1000 are welcome.
 Bringing on an awesome new shoe line for the spring...cannot wait!!
 Customers liked Toobydoo so much, we are brining in baby too!
 3 Day Kit & Lili Sale! 20% off + FREE ship on orders $40+! Enter "KLSummer20" at checkout. Ends Oct 1! 
 It's Toeheadz Tuesday! 15% off + Free ship!  Enter "THTMiroBGY15" at checkout. 
 Toeheadz is recovering from a 4th and 36th bday on the same day -father and son share the same bday!
 Blog update!  
 New Toobydoo in stock...uber cool for boys! 
 Find us on "thefind.com"  ...
 New Livie & Luca's in stock! Navy Brussels, Black London Boot, Cadet Boot, & Tootles. FREE shipping! 
 Organizing a trunk party in October!!
 New Livie & Luca just arrived...coming soon!
 Blog Update - Toeheadz Tuesday! 
 Toeheadz Tuesday! 10% off Pio Pio's + FREE ship! Enter "THTPio10". 
 Bring on fall with this adorable Llum Bertoia dress...just in time for the holidays! 
 New Llum dress just in! Too cute for words & perfect for the holidays! 
 Size 8 Livie & Luca Holland boots back in stock by popular request! 
 3T, 4T, and 5T Llum Burnout dress back in stock by popular request! 
 In need of cute fall shoes? Check out these Livie & Luca lookers! 
 ToobyDoo Fall for boys is on it's way!!
 Blog update: Toeheadz Tuesday 
 Read some recent customer reviews: 
 3rd Int'l shipment to Portugal! Check out the review section of our Facebook Fan Page to see what people have to say about us!
 Back by popular demand - Llum's Burnout dress is size 3T, 4T, and 5T! 
 Toeheadz Tuesday! 15% off Llum Miro + FREE Ship! Enter "THTMiro15". 
 Check out our Blog update: Fall Wonderboy 
 Sent our first little Toeheadz off to preschool this week...growing up way too fast!
 A few new Llum pieces in today...oh my, holy cuteness!  Coming online soon!
 Check out our Blog update: Aha Moment
 Kiwi Sale ends today! 20% off $30 or more + FREE shipping! Enter "KiwiSpree20" at checkout. 
 Aha Moment Blog update: 
 Buying at Market Blog update:  
 2 days left Kiwi Sale! 20% off $30 or more + FREE shipping! Enter "KiwiSpree20" at checkout. 
 Wonderboy Tee's and Henley's just in! My fav is the Beetle Box! 
 Ordered Kit & Lili Spring 2011 today - OMG is it cute beyond words!!!
 ‎3 day Kiwi Sale! 20% off orders $30 or more + FREE shipping! Enter "KiwiSpree20" at checkout. 
 A little bit Gatsby, a little bit Judy Jetson! Adorable!! 
 Ordered Claesen's Spring 2011 inventory.  Ready for the coolest brand straight from Amsterdam?  Bring it!
 Sign up for our newsletter at www.toeheadz.com and receive a Friends & Family discount coupon code that is good for 30 days!
 Cooler than Big Ben and the London Bridge itself, Toeheadz brings you the most adorable London Boots this fall!  
 Toeheadz Tuesday!  Take 15% off super cool Glug Monkey T! Enter "THTMonkey15" at checkout.  
 Lots of tired Toeheadz tonight!
 Livie & Luca Red Emilios are back in size 10!  Selling fast!  
 Ordering Velvet & Tweed for Spring 2011...absolutely adorable!!
 Vincent Shoe Sale ends Sunday! 15% of ALL Vincent's + FREE shipping! Enter "THVINCENT15" at checkout. 
 Melissa & Doug kitchen toys - coming to a theatre near you...soon.
 Have you seen how stunning this STUN dress is!  
 Vincent Shoe Sale - 4 days only! 15% of ALL vincents + FREE shipping! Enter "THVINCENT15" at checkout. 
 Vincent shoe sale starts tomorrow - 15% off + FREE shipping!
 Can't wait for our newest line to arrive...bring it Toobydo!!
 Buying Claesen's Spring 2011 inventory...can we FF to March!!  Super cute and awesome prices!!
 Toeheadz Tuesday! 15% off + FREE shipping any Kit & Lili fish print. Enter "THTFISH15" at checkout. 
 Toeheadz Tuesday!  15% off + FREE shipping any Kit & Lili fish print.  Enter THTFISH15 at checkout. 
 Processing our 3rd international order - wohoo!  Australia, Portugal, and Sweeden have style!
 Check out our new Stun Fall collection - super hip & great quality! .
 Almost ready to show Stun Fall line...will be online by EOD!
 Toeheadz Tuesday! 15% off + FREE shipping any Llum Marina print item. Enter "THTLlum15" at checkout.  
 Fall Glug shipment just arrived - adorable!!!  Getting up on the site ASAP!
 FREE shipping, FREE shipping, FREE shipping!
 New Llum Fall products = super cute!!  
 All Yahoo stores are experiencing some programming issues at the moment - please be patient as they resolve!  So sorry!!!
 Just added new Livie & Luca Fall product to our website - check out how awesome it is!  
 Stun & Wonderboy Fall product arrived today...awesome!!!  Wishing they made adult sizes!
 2 days left for the Glug Tee sale -15% off +FREE shipping! Enter "GlugTee15" at checkout...hurry!  .
 Glug Tee's 3 day sale!  15% off + FREE Shipping! Hurry...ends Sunday! 
 What's your favorite children's boutique brand and why?
 Livie & Luca fall inventory arrived - can I please have 1 of everything for Jack & Emma!  Should be online within the week!
 2 days left to save 15% off + FREE shipping on all Llum!  Enter "LlumSpring15" at checkout.  Check out .
 Back from the Stylemax show in Chicago...we are going to bring it with adorable styles for Spring 2011!
 Headed to the Stylemax show in Chicago!
 Llum sale!! 15 % off + FREE shipping!  Enter "LlumSpring15" at checkout.  Sale ends August 10th...hurry!  
 Gearing up for the Stylemax show...bring on the Spring 2011 product!!
 Interviewed by Mutual of Omaha to talk about our "Aha Moment"...will be sure to share the link to the video once it's online!
 15% off sale (+ FREE shipping) sale ends tomorrow! Hurry...everyone is doing it!
 FREE shipping + 15% off your total purchase!  Now through July 14th...hurry!  
 Red, white, and new!  Want your little one to stand out for the 4th of July party?  Come check us out - 
 Lake bound? Here fishy, fishy! Let your little one fish in style. 
 How do you red, white, & blue?  
 All the Toeheadz are back from the NC sunshine and a little bit more blonde!
 Pio Pio...that's what little birds say in Spanish!  Check out 
 A little bit Gatsby, a little bit Judy Jetson! Check out: 
 What does you little night owl like to wear? Adorable organic rompers? See 
 Free UPS Ground Shipping at www.toeheadz.com.  Tell your friends!
 Mermaids, peacocks, strawberries...check out the undeniable cute Glug T's! 
 sHIP, sHIP Hooray!  FREE UPS ground shipping at www.toeheadz.com for the month of June.  Enter "FREESHIPFAMILY" at checkout.
 We're having a Toeheadz debate.  Which would benefit more, savings on item purchases or shipping costs?
 Let your little man rock these red loafers!  Check out: 
 Going, going...almost gone!  One of our favorite prints, Llum's "burnout" - .
 What kind of kicks does your little one rock? Check our Vincent line straight from Sweden!  
 Looking for something adorable, comfy AND organic??  Check out . Go green!
 Cute enough for Halle Berry's little girl!  Check out our Llum "Stax" dress at .
 Poolside?  Park-bound?  Picnicking? In need of something adorable, cute, and comfy?  Check out our Kit & Lili Coco sunsuits!
 Cry your eyes out all your Imelda Marcos shoe lovers!  Check out our selection of adorable shoes at .
 All the Diroll Toeheadz got too much sun today!
 Need summer sandals for your little dude?  Check out the Elton Vincents.  Super cool (pardon the pun)!
 www.toeheadz.com is receiving first orders ever!
 Welcome Toeheadz Tweeters, www.toeheadz.com is now open for business.  Please send help!
 Placing orders for Fall inventory already...enjoy the summer while it lasts!
 Going nuts over our Llum inventory!  Check it out at: .  We guarantee you'll be hooked!
 Checking out more new lines!!
 Toeheadz.com is launching very shortly.  Find the latest fashion trends for your little ones.
 Finalizing our website and Facebook.  Hope to launch by the end of the week.  Come check us out!
 Does your little one need a cute jumper or comfy karate pants to lounge in this spring?  100% organic and adorable...come see our Kiwi line!
 Claesen's Summer items are in...can't wait for High Summer items!
 What kind of kicks do your kids rock?  Can't wait to show you our Vincent spring line - it's on the way and it's stellar!
 For all you organic lovers...our Kiwi Industries line is on the way - super cute t's, pants, and dresses!
 Ordered our Livie & Luca shoe inventory.  Do you want the cutest shoes on the block?  Come visit us soon!
 Ordered our first inventory from Llum and we are thrilled!
 Just attended trade show.  Met several great people including the group from Llum.
 Working on website.
