 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
 For those that need them, here are some great, inspirational quotes from "Once a Runner"  
 I'll definitely be listening in on the US Women soccer game today if I get a chance. Last game against Brazil made me a fan
 I'm at Cree, Inc. (4600 Silicon Drive, Durham) 
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Raleigh (North Hills, Lassiter Mills, Raleigh) 
 I'm at Expion (900 Ridgefield Drive, Suite 85, Falls of the Neuse, Raleigh) 
 I just ousted Fredy D. as the mayor of Expion on  
  I tried the green apple. It was great. I will definitely be having it again
 Just tried  licorice for the first time and thought it was great! I don't like sweets, but I like this
 Love saturday morning runs ( Harris YMCA w/ 2 others) 
  Nice to put a wrap on anything. Better than 80 open ended things
 Sounds tiring but amazing! RT  My thoughts on covering the 2011 U.S. Open 
 RT  Looking for a new playlist for your runs? Jog.fm can help you play songs that match your pace 
 RT  It's a beautiful day. Don't let it get away.
 RT  Nice article on how to integrate YouTube into your strategy from FastCo  
  just told me today is  . Just so happens my dog is running around the office today
  Whats the project? Count me in
  Things are definitely going well. Moving quickly. How's everything with you?
  Good luck tackling whatever comes your way
 RT  Ultrarunner Scott Jurek to Attempt World Record Run -  
  Awesome. Thanks for sending me the link and following up
  You too. I'm trying to get back on the Twitter horse because you called me out. Next time I'm up there lets make time for a beer.
  and  teased that peanut butter is getting a facelift, but I didn't hear the segment. Any ideas what that story is about?
 Great minds RT  Trying to learn Facebook marketing?   &  are dropping knowledge 
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
 Pretty cool...on a plane with the great 
 Pilot on  said runway is a parking lot. Not leaving any time soon
 Boarding the plane to 
 Anybody know of any good running routes in Indianapolis? I'll be near the speedway
 Check out the NFL Twindex of who they think are most interesting NFL athletes on Twitter -  
  I've heard good things about the  Minimus. Thinking of giving them a try too
    Yeah it was amazing how true to life the stats were from my experiences. Cool stuff. We are what we eat
  Yeah, I've changed insoles a couple of times. That definitely helps. I also have a low leg lift, so not a lot of pounding
  I like to switch between those & the five fingers, but shoes start to get comfortable after a few hundred. Great giveaway!
 Congrats to  for being the only charter member of the DOW on its 115 year anniversary
 Love this inforgraphic: The Eating Habits of Conservatives Versus Liberals  via 
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Tyber Creek Pub (1933 South Boulevard, Charlotte) 
 He's ready for round 2 RT  It's quite possible this dude is more bad ass than Chuck Norris --> 
  Good to hear. The YMCA puts on master classes in Charlotte. I'll have to look at the schedule and sign up
  swimming is the 1 thing holding me back from a tri. marys aren't a prob, but tris scare me. you think masters class will help?
 YouTube has 3 billion views a day! Wow
 Listening to webinar with  (client) and  about local social media engagement...have to align and grow in scalable way
  I go the opposite way. If i'm in analytics/measurement mode I listen to yo yo ma or george winston. You get angry at your numbers
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) w/ 2 others 
  Hopefully you'll hum some of the classics from Doug's favorite band, "The Beets." I suggest "Banging on a trash can"
 RT  RT  Top 10 Corporate Blog Winners Announced 
  You made it out of the race alive huh? Thats promising
  Great! It'll be a good one. RT  signed up! WEBINAR local social engagement for nationa… (cont) 
 Great read: RT  My Interview with Dean Karnazes - The people behind Dick's arranged it  
 RT  Great webinar: local social engagement for national brands w/ and  (client)  
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Charlotte (1435 W. Moorehead St., Charlotte) 
 RT  Summer 2011 Running Shoe Reviews From Runner's World 
 Back in Charlotte just in time for the weekend. Can you say yard work?
 3-year anniversary! RT  Free Beer 3-6pm on Saturday, May 21 The Pizza Peel & Tap Room in Cotswold on Colwick Rd - via 
 Thanks for sharing RT  Have room for 1 blog in reader? This should be it.  Very insightful and wel… (cont) 
 RT  Love this post by  
 Great webinar on local social media engagement from national brands - hosted by  and  (client) 
 RT  RT  Nice list! / The 25 Most Important Mobile Media Apps 
  Do you think people outside of communications care beyond an immediate reaction about Facebook hiring PR firm to defame Google?
  Yeah, maybe I can't compete with 3.5 lbs. Ever been to the pickle bars in NYC with barrels of flavors?
 Wish I was at the pickle eating contest at carnegie deli today. Think I could compete
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) w/ 4 others 
 I'm at Burger Company (1500 W Morehead Street, Morehead & Grandin, Charlotte) w/ 5 others 
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Charlotte (1435 W. Moorehead St., Charlotte) 
  Whats the  this week?
  That can happen. How do you quantify something that can be so different to people depending on what you're looking for.
 Word of Mouth extended ---> Facebook Now Allows You To Tag Pages In Photos 
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
  Not too shabby from your alma --> Winthrop grads are ready for digital age 
 Thanks for the shout out. Great list of links RT  The David Peter Daily is out!  ▸
  Be the super connected, ultra-social, hyper-active, uber-engaging rockstar that you are
 Congrats to  and  for making the list of the Top 25 Charlotte Twitter users 
 Congrats!    RT  Garsh! CGR Creative ranks Top 25 of Charlotte Twitter. 
 RT  New Shoe Roundup - Some of the newer running shoes in the world that have caught my eye: Reeb... 
 RT  36% Latinos & 33% African Americans access social media on phones vs 19% of Caucasians via   
 The power of Android ---> Google Android: 100M Activations So Far, Now At 400K Activations A Day  via 
    You need more Ravens representation
 What about products & services? RT   Single Thing That Can Sink or Save Brand Reputation 
 Bet that was tought to write RT  RT  Charlotte Observer to lay off 26 employees,  4 in newsroom. 
  Thanks! Definitely is, but feels good when you make it back. I was at Wells Fargo Champ this week and thought I'd see you
  Good point. I'm hoping he can bring some good Texas recruits with him the first couple of years
  Sounds like it'll be a good chat. Let us know if any major revelations come out of it
 New blog post: I'm rehabbing , other are running -->
  How's Turgeon going to do at Maryland? I want to hear from the A&M super fan. 
 Seems like  talk about Twitter more than any other subject these days. Is it their only source of news?
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
 More parents lenient about young web use: poll | Reuters  via 
 RT  Can Fasting Help Your Heart? - A recent study of people who fast for 24 hours one day each month has found...  ...
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Charlotte (1435 W. Moorehead St., Charlotte) 
 Had a great time connecting with some leaders in mobile at the  event at  in Charlotte last night
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
  definitely not a dumb question because I don't know the answer either
 Down with throw away plastic bags!
 The day that keeps on going and going and...
 I'm at Expion (900 Ridgefield Drive, Suite 85, Falls of the Neuse, Raleigh) 
  I travel the globe. Did I steal the crown from you?
  its getting there. On a cycle now. How are you?
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Raleigh (North Hills, Lassiter Mills, Raleigh) 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Fleishman-Hillard Raleigh on  
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
 Time to think on the run...RT  My motivation to tackle my morning workout is ___________:
 I'm at Olde Mecklenburg Brewery (215 Southside Dr, Charlotte) w/ 3 others 
 I'm at Savor Cafe and Catering (1404 West Morehead St, South Summit Ave, Charlotte) 
  Talk about engaging efficiently
 Preach!  RT  Android Market has more free apps, will soon be larger than Apple’s App Store  
 RT  Pls RT Hybrid PR/social media SAE job for  in DC. Focus on energy and environment.  
  It would take me at least 1 full day to post to 500 Facebook pages manually. For Expion?...1 click? Did I win?
 Barnes & Noble College and Expion (FH client) Launches Social Commerce at over 500 colleges 
 Brainstormn' time
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Charlotte (1435 W. Moorehead St., Charlotte) 
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
 "why?" is probably a good question from time to time
 I'm at Nikko Japanese Restaurant & Sushi Bar (1300 South Blvd, Charlotte) 
 Brisket philly wrap is delicious ( Mac's Speed Shop w/ 6 others) 
 Getting cold already RT  ready for the Shackleton case - final day at 
 Hanging out in St. Louis today with a bunch of fellow FHers
 I'm at Charlotte-Douglas International Airport (CLT) (5501 Josh Birmingham Pkwy, at Billy Graham Pkwy, Charlotte) 
 Getting ready to hear about the future of graphics with  at 
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Raleigh (North Hills, Lassiter Mills, Raleigh) 
 I'm at Zoes Kitchen (141-112 Park at North Hills, Raleigh) 
 I'm at Upstream (6902 Phillips Place Court, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Savor Cafe and Catering w/  
 I enjoy people who are creative within the box of normal
  Did you have to deal with the power lines or down trees?
 Rain in Charlotte = traffic as bad as Atlanta
 RT  The Most Important Reason Social Media Is Good For Your Local Business - my opinion today on SME: 
 Cool fact: by age 21, the average American will have spent more than 10,000 hours playing video games
 I'm at Pinky's Westside Grill (1600 W. Morehead st, Charlotte) 
  don't know about on course tweets but lots of pictures to come. Thanks for the confidence boost
 I'm in -->TechCrunch Giveaway: Xbox Kinect Package   via 
 RT  T minus 45 minutes till tickets for our April CLTweetup go on sale!!! Who's excited?!?!
  to all the other  runners out there. See you at the start tomorrow
 Just had a great talk with  (north carolina network of grantmakers). Amazing group of minds
 RT  In China, Gmail is now 45 times slower than Tencent QQ 
  I love  best trail mix in town
     Sounds like a fun trip. I think we swapped states for a couple of days. Enjoy down there
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard (1615 L St. NW, Washington) 
 85N looks pretty nice this time of year 
 Forgot I lived in the south for a sec until I heard it was going to be 85 degrees today
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Charlotte (6000 Fairview Road, Charlotte) 
 Good thing I'm drinking it right now RT   Black tea has more flavonoids than broccoli 
 RT  Did Twitter's no more 3rd party announcement signal an exit strategy for the company? from  
 Lots of Vitamin C! RT  Praying for no wind on Saturday and that this stuffy nose will go away! 
 This is my favorite running song -->  "Your hand in mine" by Explosions in the Sky
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Charlotte (6000 Fairview Road, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
  Oh cool. I bet that'll be a lot of fun.
 RT  As I leave  / SMC, a very sincere  goes out to    & 
 I'm all set to run the National Marathon in DC next weekend.   I know  is running it. Anybody else?
 RT    Please Share Widely: State & Future of  Social Media Management System Space  
     That would just be too smart to schedule the  chat about conferences after 
  Not good. Get better.
 Looks like Living Social came to play 
 Facebook Deals scares me a little because it reenforces the idea that Facebook is powerful enough to play in any space it wants
  I take it from your appreciation for our budding relationship that you too have a fondness for string cheese?
  Why are you getting google alerts on your matrix self?
 2% string cheese and I are becoming better friends every day
  Thats quite the incentive. Don't know if it'll make them want to get an olympic qualifying time any more than they already do
 Obama's  picks are the talk of the town. I've heard 3 people bring it up in conversation so far today
  Congrats on signing up for the 5K. Good luck!
   I'm definitely jealous that you two got to meet. Hopefully it was over a beer or 2
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Charlotte (6000 Fairview Road, Charlotte) 
   Definitely! the sideways dancer vs. the stylish grandfather was a highlight
 Pancake related activities? RT  Random Thoughts about Races, Pounds and Pounding Down the Pancakes: 
 RT  No news is (not) good news.  It is no news.  
  Yeah tough loss and would've liked a few more dunks, but fun nonetheless.  was entertaining me with quips & stories
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Charlotte (6000 Fairview Road, Charlotte) 
 Sorry we didn't meetup at the game        
 RT  Flex all-sport ear buds review and giveaway 
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Charlotte (6000 Fairview Road, Charlotte) 
  that's great
  Did you do the  trivia challenge for tourney tix last week?
  Thats a tough one especially when you have doubters already, but i dont think it'll phase you
  coffee or all caffeine?
   the world's most typical person one that wants autonomy and acceptance all at the same time
  Heading to see the Bobcats take on the Clippers tonight with some of old SMC crew. Hear you're doing great things w/ Bobcats
  This is my 1st  game of the season. I'm going more to hang out w/  and  Can't make it?
    You definitely should've. We could've had a  meeting of the minds
 Worth checking out RT  These were my favorite blog posts from the month of February --> 
 Great giveaway for runners: RT I’m entering to win a Nathan Intensity Hydration Race Vest from  – 
  I'll do my best not to get old, but I'll try to roll with the punches as well as you do
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Charlotte (6000 Fairview Road, Charlotte) 
  I am indeed. March 26 in DC. 
  congrats. Thats very impressive. Any interest in the national marathon in 3 weeks?
  I've run the city of oaks marathon which cuts into umstead. Its a tough route.best of luck!
 Anybody else going running right now?
 I'm at Big Daddy's Burger Bar w/  
 Really enjoyed having  colleague  in North Carolina. Everybody should support him as he takes on the Chicago Marathon!
  Thanks. Luckily its my shoulder and doesn't affect my running that badly. Sorry to read about you being sick
  This one is in my shoulder. some pain but not bad
 Turns out I have a pinched bursa sac from skiing. Funny injury
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Charlotte (6000 Fairview Road, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
  its about to get crazy.hold on for a wild ride
  its about time. Lost marathons make the world go round
  Thats fantastic! 
  somehow lost my bag twice in a week. Not happy
 I'm at Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) ✈ (10000 Bessie Coleman Dr, Chicago) w/ 70 others 
 I just unlocked the "Swarm" badge on  
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Charlotte (6000 Fairview Road, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Raleigh (North Hills, Lassiter Mills, Raleigh) 
  touche. That would work too
 Feel like I need a long run and some good thinking time
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Charlotte (6000 Fairview Road, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
 I just unlocked the "Gym Rat" badge on  
 I'm at Panera Bread (5940 Fairview Rd  Piedmont Row Dr, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Charlotte (6000 Fairview Road, Charlotte) 
 I just unlocked the "9 to 5" badge on  
 I just unlocked the "Super User" badge on  
 I'm at Panera Bread (5940 Fairview Rd  Piedmont Row Dr, Charlotte) 
  you did a great job talking about Mecklenburg County schools on  this week. Sorry for the late compliment, but good stuff
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Charlotte (6000 Fairview Road, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Charlotte (6000 Fairview Road, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
  I like to run the streets of Charlotte. I'll go anywhere. I also like the Lower McAlpine Greenway (11.6 miles round trip)
  Where do you usually like to run? Any favorite routes?
  Definitely small world. I'm excited to read all the articles and posts!
 Talk about a runner going to extremes to raise awareness for a cause 
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
  Nothing wrong with that
  YouTube? Just a fad
  Pop songs from what decade? This really dictates the amount of judgment
 I'm getting excited for the Washington DC National Marathon in March 
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Charlotte (6000 Fairview Road, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
 I just unlocked the "School Night" badge on  
 I'll definitely check out  games. I've missed lax since college. Thanks  for sharing
 The real life Sheldon Cooper is on  talking about string therapy. This is great
 Very sound statements from the pope about digital media 
  Thanks for sharing the post and I couldn't have had the list without you on it
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Charlotte (6000 Fairview Road, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
 Just met up with  and  for a drink
 I'm at Courtyard Hooligans (140 Brevard Ct, 3rd and Church, Charlotte) 
  No
  Things are really good. Being busy is always good. Hows everything with you? Its been a while
 Its one of those eat lunch while you type days
  Thanks for the sharing the link! You rock
  Thanks for sharing the link and for the great posts
 Hilarious link. My name is 'Diamond Piper' RT  My Wrestling name is Full Metal Frost, what is yours? 
   Don't know what time I can make it. If the days unfolds to get there early Hooligans is where I want to go
 Headed to the Charlotte Checkers game tonight with  and maybe  Jackie you coming?
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Charlotte (6000 Fairview Road, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
 New blog post: Best Running Blogs - 2011 bit.ly/e26X2f
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
  Anytime. Its a very cool idea. You definitely peaked my interests
  probably not. A golf swing doesn't put you in flattering positions
 Very cool concept - running music for your pace  
 My good buddy Steven Daly just put out some new tunes - think OAR - you should give it a listen 
 Crap. The Ravens just lost another good defensive coordinator, but this time to Michigan.  
 A man could get lost in the Android Market
  Me too. Thanks for sharing that fact
 Didn't know that RT  When temps are cooler, gas is denser so buy gas in the morning or late night-more gas for money- 
  1 of my all time favorite movies. Thanks for sending
  I think everybody feels like a klutz after running on the ice. I had the distinct feeling cars were driving by and laughing
  Been a tough week for me as well. Running on the ice is just a little too difficult sometimes. We'll make up for it this weekend
 Good post and good take---> VIDEO: Commish Mike Whan Introduces LPGA Founders Cup   (via 
  Why did you have to go and bring up MoCo. Now I'm getting a little homesick.
 My computer told me it needed a break. I begrudgingly obliged but the cat nap worked
 Collection of good posts-->RT  The Social Marketing Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today by 
 Good life advice too: Top 10 Attributes of a Successful Blogger  via 
 Good read and advice: The Foolproof Way to Ace Your Next Interview  (via 
  One of the days, Ryan. One of these days you're going to make me explode with the jokes.
 RT  A must-read for EVERY brand strategist—> Reconsidering The Brand Strategy Toolkit  via 
 Why??? -->Bieber.ly Shortens URLs While You Look At A Giant Picture Of Justin Bieber (via 
  Meant snow ball fight
  You ball fight. I'm already building my fort. 
 Here we go Ravens!
 Hey  I saw a guy at the Harris YMCA this morning with a McGladrey t-shirt, wearing his colors proudly
 It has officially been 2.5 years since I started running 
  Maybe Amazon, Abes of Maine and others will make BB bring their costs back down to normal rates
  Not where I live, but I wish it was a simple answer like that
 Does anybody from  know what Charlotte Mecklenburg didn't pick up my recycling today? Maybe 
 The Professor, John Clayton, put 5 Ravens on his all-pro team. At least one in each phase of the game 
  Do you think Harbaugh will get more in the NFL or college?
 The craze continues RT  Angry Birds Pecks Its Way To The PC Via Intel’s App Store For Netbooks 
 RT  Sharing trends in 2010 - 
 Nice long run this morning, but wimped out and did it on the treadmill at the gym
  I've heard feed. Suffering from a cold?
 Hey   Sorry I missed the  chat today. Caught the tail end and it looked good. Will join on 1/18
 Should I participate in the   challenge? Tall order. Give me more time in the day and I would love to
 "symphonicity" is a great word to use in final jeopardy. Good choice 
  I would prefer  pitt,  NE then  Indy
  I would be so afraid of that happening. Colts scare me like no other team
   I would give the hat to  to celebrate the playoffs.  I'm in a giving mood.
  you definitely spelled "cheese" correctly. ( challenge)
  just "cheese" or "cheeeeeeeeeeese?"
  I like that they don't think 5000 birds falling out of mid air is a big deal. Happens all the time?? Where?
 I like the post new years recap RT  Top 10 Posts of 2010: 
 Must read-- RT  Social Media Measurement 2011 - 5 Things to Forget & 5 Things to Learn   
 No more Governator in California. What are we to do? 
  finished the season with no over 300 touches and no fumbles. That's just impressive
  Yeah. The Dunking Dutchmen is one of the finest business minds of our time
  Sounds like a good plan to me, but only if its Rick Smits
  Looks cool. Do you want it to be a subject specific aggregator for all your favorite outlets and online conversationalists?
  Great book and great shoes. When he finishes the book, tell him to search YouTube for videos of El Caballo
  Yeah that has to be nice. I have to run 3 miles there and 3 back. Nice and flat though
  You should. Come workout with me. Listening to the same songs every day gets boring. Which Y are you going to these days?
  Saw your doppelganger at the Harris YMCA this morning. He was a couple years younger and had blonde hair, but could be you
 I'm definitely running the Warrior Dash ( in Huntersville, NC August 2011. Who's going to join me? 
 RT  WIN for mobile check-in apps—> 1 of my favorite tech start-ups,  gets place in Times Square. 
 Office building has been empty all week. I'm starting to read aloud and talk to myself
  I'm glad to hear that. Good luck with finding time. Always the toughest part. It was talking with you last week
 RT  Our latest LOL VIDEO: What happens when grandma has to follow EPA recommendations to cleanup a broken CFL? Watch: 
 Ravens win! Steelers lose! Moved into my new house this weekend. What could be better?
  It definitely does. Hopefully everything is going well with you too. Certainly seems like it is
 beward of "energy vampires" RT  Energy Wasters in Your Home (turn off tha Xbox!) 
 Congrats on all the accomplishments RT  Recent holiday update on McGladrey golf blog -  
  Thanks. Keep letting people know to be safe
 Was in a accident this morning. I wasn't driving, my coworker was and no injuries, but watch out for the black ice out there
 Mashable is giving away a daily Holiday  with 20 tech prizes & a myTouch 4G! Enter today
  Simmons is always good. thanks for the suggestion
 any suggestions on a good podcast for my drive tomorrow?
  I assumed it was with a "c" as in "colts." He obviously doesn't care about the team or he would have legally changed it
  Look at you acting as an  advocate and turning your network into his followers. Hope he appreciates it
  ok ok I followed. When are the trivia questions?
  Won a prize ay? Colts and Redheads...definitely two of my favorite things...cough
   no vultures today. Maybe they all flew toward you
  Sounds like you live in the right environment. I'm happy as long as more don't show up and they can't break through the glass
  Thats okay. I knew it was Monday when I tried to get into the office by clicking my car alarm rather than using a key
 RT   Most biz books supposed to be big ideas, are actually small ideas stretched out over lots of wasted chapters
  It's Monday morning. You can break your own rules
  Has to be an omen of some kind. Either that or the Ruths Chris next door left some steak  in the trash from last nights dinner
  I don't know what kind. It was black with a mostly gray head. I am in a very populated part of Charlotte, NC. It freaked me out
 Update on the vulture outside my window....he just pecked at the window and squawked loudly. Hitchcock movie?
 No joke there is a vulture sitting outside my window, creeping closer and seems like trying to get into my office
  What kind of surfaces are you running on, how wide are your feet? Lots of variables
 New post: Run Down of Great Running Posts  including links to  and 
    What conversation did I miss? Glad ginger beards are so heavily talked about today
   Can't be primary e-mail, but can be social epicenter which it a great step for FB
 Not afraid to show my nerdy side--going to late night showing of Harry Potter on Thursday night 
 RAVENS!!!! Sorry couldn't control my excitement. Big game against the Falcons tonight
  HAHAHA
 Just saw somebody put sugar into their SWEET tea. What happened to health and wellness?
 Via  -->3 reasons you should care about multicultural social media 
 My twitter stream is taking over this morning. might be time to filter the list
  middle of the road. lost a bunch of seniors. sort of countring on jordan williams and a few others this year
  Not enough. I've been debating getting some more neon, but can't bring myself to wear 1990's clothes
 Hey  your College of Charleston squad came too close again my Maryland Terps last night
 Not normally a nightime runner, but didn't have time this morning so going to try to squeeze one in tonight. Don't hit me cars!
  Which add-on do you use?
  Done and done. Responses are a little limited though.
  Didn't take me directly to the poll, just the twtpoll homepage
  Facebook connect if it is easy and I don't mind sharing my identity, name and pass if privacy is an issue
 Great analogy RT  New post: How Much Does a House Cost? (yes, has to do w/social media  and  
   That video is a ridiculous way to start a Tuesday. Flashback.
  I can only imagine what that looked like. I'm glad  was able to see through the Hoff attack
  Oh thats awful man. Sorry to hear that. Charleston can be pretty amazing though
  How was the honeymoon? I heard there was some initial trouble making it down there?
  When are the reality shows with train wrecks going to end?
 Just had an interesting debate with a friend--What makes a community a community? Open-ended question
  wish you could have been at  wedding. it was a great time.  danced his heart out
 Been a full couple of days. Getting ready for our FH NC Halloween party this afternoon. Wonder who will win the costume competition
 Imagine: Google Features Its First Video Doodle In Honor Of John Lennon’s 70th  via 
 RT  Very cool that 4 PGA pros teeing off today live on St. Simons Island..Davis Love, Jonathan Byrd, Zach Johnson & Matt ...
 RT   brings Halloween doughnuts back from dead. Until Oct. 31, 7 Atlanta-area stores offer 4 seasonal doughnuts.
 drank a 5-hour energy today and feel like I can conquer the world. If  is listening--well done!
 Power of the social media pulpit shown in Brazilian politics 
 RT  Love'em! October is National Pretzel Month.  
 Getting bagels and coffee at einstein bagels right now. Mmmm hearty breakfast
 been up working for the last couple of hours. guess I will have to run later today
 I did. RT  who wore pink today? 
 Awesome! RT  Oh, some cool news: I'm going to caddy for Hale Irwin on Wednesday at TPC Potomac.
  Well good luck with the rehab. I really hope you can get back out there without any pain
  Indeed. You are correct. Always run when somebody chases you!
  That's awful. Sorry to hear that. You doing weight training & have the right running shoes? I started using 5 fingers and love it
  No, I haven't. I've had a couple stress fractures, but never plantar fascitis. Are you experiencing that?
  Thanks. I appreciate that and thank you for the RT. Are you a big runner?
 Top 10 Reasons to Start Running 
 Don't agree entirely and think  should be higher: RT  Top 50 social media blogs of 2010. 
 Hope  and  had a good time in the greatest city in the world this weekend--Washington DC
 Its a happy day when the Ravens beat the Steelers in Pittsburgh, regardless of whether Roethlisberger played or not
  It has been a crazy busy week. All part of returning from vacation, but things are great. How about with you?
  Yeah I bet it will be hard to get in. I can't go tomorrow because of wedding, but if you go let me know what you think
  Do you think Social Network is going get a full house in  this weekend?
 Me too! RT  Hearing good things about The Social Network movie. Think I need to check it out.
  Loving the  Have a stack going in my 
  You're unbelievably lucky to live there. I will definitely be going back at some point to enjoy the rest of the region
  Thanks. Switzerland was amazing. We spent some of our time in the French speaking area--Grimentz. It was beautiful!
  If you do it right, you won't even remember the run home
 Anybody have an all-time favorite run? I just ran mine is Murren, Switzerland 
 Great video RT  Science of Running: How the World's best runners strike the ground 
 I feel I have neglected Twitter over the last month. I'm sorry Twitter. I will buy you some flowers and chocolates
  just walked into my office. I'm damn happy to see him
  No, you should not own a hashtag. Be social and share it.
 Hey  I heard Greg on  this AM talking about Duke's new plan to put energy level monitors in  offices. Very cool
  Avoid the web platform today. All kinds of security issues
 Is it really? RT  What!?! This is an outrage! Haha. RT    WHAT? The Penguin is closing??
 Snapple fact of the day: "Over half of the world's geysers are found in Yellowstone National Park"
  Hey! Hows everything going? Just got back to the states last night.
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
 For those that need them, here are some great, inspirational quotes from "Once a Runner"  
 I'll definitely be listening in on the US Women soccer game today if I get a chance. Last game against Brazil made me a fan
 I'm at Cree, Inc. (4600 Silicon Drive, Durham) 
 I'm at Harris YMCA (5900 Quail Hollow Rd, Quail Hallow Rd, Charlotte) 
 I'm at Fleishman-Hillard Raleigh (North Hills, Lassiter Mills, Raleigh) 
 I'm at Expion (900 Ridgefield Drive, Suite 85, Falls of the Neuse, Raleigh) 
 I just ousted Fredy D. as the mayor of Expion on  
  I tried the green apple. It was great. I will definitely be having it again
 Just tried  licorice for the first time and thought it was great! I don't like sweets, but I like this
 Love saturday morning runs ( Harris YMCA w/ 2 others) 
  Nice to put a wrap on anything. Better than 80 open ended things
 Sounds tiring but amazing! RT  My thoughts on covering the 2011 U.S. Open 
 RT  Looking for a new playlist for your runs? Jog.fm can help you play songs that match your pace 
 RT  It's a beautiful day. Don't let it get away.
 RT  Nice article on how to integrate YouTube into your strategy from FastCo  
  just told me today is  . Just so happens my dog is running around the office today
  Whats the project? Count me in
  Things are definitely going well. Moving quickly. How's everything with you?
