 Jenifer Long-Chapin 
  you!!
  I can understand that. My parents are still in MI. All of us kids are spread all across the country though.
  Sweet! I am originally from MI. I will never move back:-) Love it out here!
  are you from Oregon? Or have you just visited?
 Orenco Station Farmer's Market opens today! Be there or be square! ;-)
 We should all learn from the Japanese people. Nobody has looted or hurt anyone during this tragedy. That's the way we should all behave ;-)
  Love your BBerry App!!
  I just got your app for my Blackberry. Are you going to put out some of your old stand up like Chicken Heart in the future?
 Getting an education for the Local Summer Markets in Hillsboro.
 RT  The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook.
 Learning to make glass beads. Talk about addicting! Can't wait to use some in my jewelry designs! Happy Thursday!
 Have a wonderfully whacky wednesday! Laugh a lot! It's good for the soul.
 Happy Saturday everyone! Thanks for all the  luv twitter friends! You know who you are!
 Spending time with my grandkids ! So Much fun playing with them! Glad I'm a young gramma. :-)
  hi there! Did you havea good holiday season? Hope you are well! TGIF! Have a great weekend!
  I'm good. How about you? Gee what's up with the multiple accts? Do you have stalkers? LOL! Hope not.
 RT  When we feel concern for the well-being of others, we touch the warm pool of our own well-being.  ~ Ivan Kelly
 RT  "Facebook is where you catch up with friends from the past, Twitter is where you share your ideas for the future!" ~jd
 Words "viral" and "epic" consigned to college trash  
 Happy New Year!!! I hope everyone gets to sit back and enjoy the Tournament of Roses Parade! I love a parade....
 Busy holiday season for me! Stress is at an all time high! Hope you all have a Happy New Year!!
 Happy Holidays to all my Twitter Friends!!!!! Hope you are comfy and warm with lots of  love surrounding you!  Holidays!
 Happy Holidays!        
  Nice! What exactly do you sell? I've already purchased a lot of stuff on Amazon:-)
  n
 Know a family in need this holiday season? Bring them a basket of food & goodies! Take up a collection and include a Visa gift card. 
 If you see someone at the store in front of you that is short a couple of bucks, pay it for them. 
  who are you?? Don't understand what the laughter is about but it's always good to laugh! Have a good one :-)
  I'll pass the word around! Have a wonderful day!
  I like the  (Random acts of kindness) idea!!! Everyone should get into it.
 RT  World AIDS Day 2010 – Portland Events: What Does AIDS Mean To You? Living Vigil 6-8PM, 12.01.10 
  Very good! How about you??
 Well, Well... Portland isn't as laid back a place as everyone has thought. Too bad there are some really screwed up kids in the world:-(
 My dog Joy was so excited about the snow she woke me up at 1am to go out and romp in it! :-)
 It snowed! It snowed! Portlanders are having a rough time driving this morning.
 RT" Light tomorrow with today Elizabeth B Browning" And let the spark of the passion in life set you free!
 Most Awesome!! RT " Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness. ~Seneca"
  I've seen BB many times in concert. The best one was with Robert Cray! Awesome Blues!!!
  I Love B.!
 There's a Gem and Jewelry show here in Portland, Oregon this weekend. I'm off to buy some goodies for Christmas presents!
 Happy Friday everyone! Thanks to all my twitter friends for the  luvs!! Don't know about you but I'm glad it's the weekend!
  I see you're from Ontario? I miss traveling there. I used to live in Michigan so it was just a hop skip and jump away:-)
  Nice! Found you here on Twitter. Thought I'd say hello. I'm a newbie in the Wire Artists Guild:-)
  Thanks for the 
 Must         
 RT   Goal of the night: Henrik Zetterberg’s overtime game-winner: All right so...  via  ...
 Glad I bought silver when the price was $26.46/oz. Now it's over $28/oz. Investors will be happy but as a jewelry designer I'm not.
 Is anyone else bummed that the price of silver is so high?  I'm going to have to readjust all of my price points:-(
 RT  Yes! RT  "How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." ~ An ...
  Awesome! Go Armani! We need more caring kids like her:-)
  That's a pretty dismal prediction to throw out. Have you thought of communicating instead of judging? Just a thought:)
  I really want to tour Utah before I die. The rock formations and views in pics are awesome! I want to see them in person:)
 RT  Tonight's  is the backdrop for the lights of Salt Lake City.   
 RT  50% off dinner menu at Boda equates food summit with  I'm okay with that.  (via ...
  Thanks for the  songs!! Have a great weekend!
  Cedar Waxwings are really pretty birds! I see them often. Thanks for the link:)
 Goal for the Wings!! I love hockey!
 Fighting is what makes hockey worth watching;-) 
  Are you talking about that validation process I have set up? I need to stop my subscription to that,I forgot I had it Sorry
  Terrific! You are now added to the list as well as my awesome creatives list. Have a great weekend!
 RT  RT  RT  You really should follow  because she won a freakin' Gemini Award th ...
 RT  RT   Take a Bow!        ...
  Congrats on the MTV spot! Do you mind if I add you to my fashion list? I grew up in the Detroit area then Mt. Pleasant. You?
  A great artist! :-) " Editing the Diwali henna design video. It's coming in an hour. Stay tuned to "
  He looks a bit intimidating;-) Cool Bird!
 I Love Ducks!  " Eider Duck  "
  Hello! Hope you are having a great day:)
 Monday, Monday. Na na nananana...
    thanks for the  luvs!!
  YeeeeHa! It's the weekend. Doin the happy dance:) thanks for the Friday luv!!
          
 Great Tweeps           
  FAB!      
 RT   FAB!         ...
  I was in a class all day yesterday. Fun, fun, fun. It's Friday now though. Gay! Hope you have a great day:)
  Good Thursday to you too:)
  good morning to you!!
 Awesome inside info on using twitter for small biz! Interviews with success stories:)
 There's another scam targeting blogs to earn money for putting up a text ad. Stay away! More Digital, UK. Seems to go against Google's TOS
 RT  Over 50 inspiring thinkers (incl us!) share 60 seconds of advice for the 21st century woman   ...
 RT  Coyotes vs Red Wings NHL Odds: The Phoenix Coyotes and the Detroit Red Wings will both be trying to pick up a win ...  ...
 RT  To be champ you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will. Sugar Ray Robinson
  I do love the fall back there with all the red maples, oaks, etc...
 
  I still love to see everything covered in snow &ice. Don't miss the shoveling, below zero windchill, etc. I have the mtns:)
  Yea I love Portland too. The only thing I miss about MI is canoeing in the UP and fishing on Lake Mich:) Don't miss the snow;)
  LOL! The Michigan 10 min weather guarantee.
  and Josh:-) thank you so much for all the info! Great food for thought and marketing wisdom:-)
  old skool is cool! LOL!
 In on the teleseminar:) 
  Thanks for sending the link to the teleseminar. I signed up. Can't wait to learn:-) Have a great day!
 RT" Tweet for peace in honor of   P*E*A*C*E NOW!"
 Is in need of a wordpress guru... Any takers??
 RT  Need to feed your creative soul? Become a member of TAS, it's free.  
 NICE!" “A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside.” - Denis Waitley"
   Red is the only color I see right now:) Red Wings win!!
 RT  Check out  Felt Art for pure natural handfelted and hand dyed items   <-- One ...
 RT  You may say I’m a dreamer, but I’m not the only one. I hope someday you’ll join us, and the world will live as one.  ...
  What a great Duo!!! Love that song!!
  I love that place! Such cool stuff. Going to Pike Place next? There's an awesome music shop w/instruments from all over the world.
 Kickoff in about 5 min. GO BLUE!!!
  Congratulations!!!
  It was great meeting you too! Keep in touch. Have a fab weekend!
 RT" When the sun comes up tomorrow accomplish something you have been waiting to do!!!!  
  Thank You:) I'll do the same for you:)
  Thank you. That's my passion:) I love to weave wire.
  There's a ranch up here near Madras OR that we go digging for thundereggs. Richardson's Ranch. They are online too.
  oh bummer. Go to funkydivachicjewelry.com. I'll have to fix the link in my profile. 1000markets moved:(
  I have a thing for opal filled thundereggs too. Hard digging but worth it. Let me know when you post yours.
  I have a lot of favs. Morrisonite is one:) You can see some stuff on my site. I have some jewelry I've done with some finds
  I live up north in Portland Oregon and we have LOADS of rocks to hunt up here:)
  Wow!! The site is great! We have something in common although you have about 12 years more than me:) Love your talent!!
  I didn't, but will now:)
  Me too! We have a hawk that nests near us. I have listened to the baby all summer:) What's your fav bird?
  Absolutely Fabulous! Love the Urn!!
 Has anyone here worked with the e-commerce plugin for Wordpress? I'd like to know whether you like it. Please DM me/reply if you have. Thx:)
 Finally got a new part of my business going. Check it out at  funkydivachicjewelry.com
  thx for the  luv:)
  Thx for the  luv:)
  our gov't sees more than you think. That's the really scarey part!
  beautiful pic!
 RT  Photo's from walk to Pollok Country Park & Pollok House today! A lovely sunny day, as u will see :-)   ...
 RT  "We are the ones we've been waiting for".~Hopi Proverb
 RT  Had very powerful conversation on blogtalk radio re Being Aware of Our Own Violations. Listen on demand at: . ...
  going to check out blog talk. Sounds very interesting from the descrip. Hope you are having a wonderful Sunday!
 Please retweet. Check out my new Logo. What do you think? I would really appreciate the critique. Thanks! 
  this is the story of how I created my logo. " I Finally Created a Logo!  via 
 Yes. I did. It took awhile to figure out how to do it but I did:)RE:"  Did you design it yourself?"
  Thank you for the  luv!!  
  Thanks so much! I will:)
  Thank you! I appreciate your compliment:)":  I love it! It's really catchy and unusual. Colors=beautiful."
 Please retweet. Check out my new Logo. What do you think? I would really appreciate the critique. Thanks!  
 I Finally Created a Logo!  via 
 Getting ready to launch a new side of my handcrafted jewelry business! It's going to be fabulous! I'll let you in on it in a few days.
 Sad but true. RT"   is not just a local problem...it's a national epidemic! 
 Kitty tore a hole in the plastic we use on the windows and climbed inside. Such a rascal! 
 RT" I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be. Douglas Adams"
 Trying to do some housekeeping in my twitter house:)
 Hey there peeps! Is there any way to view my lists without having to go through a ba zillion tweets to see who I already have on them?
 RT  Autumnal Equinox: Why First Day of Fall 2010 Is Different     
 RT  If you're going 2 splurge, make time 2 visit dept store, try product, return & buy if u like. Smart salesppl will und ...
 Off to make cornbread to go with our chili. Comfort food. Yummmm! Have a good nite all:)
  I'm glad you share:) I love the pics and like the way you think too:)
  Oh...I'm sorry. Too bad they don't have special services that would allow you to travel:(
 That's weird...My first tweet showed up after my second.
  Have you read "Temple of my Familiar"?
  Business is slow. I'm not able to do a lot. Have ulnar nerve inflammation so haven't been doing as much as I need to.
  Alice Walker is such a great author! I love her books.
  Why thanks. I'm just being me:) How's your night?
 LOL!!  Wish there wasn't a need to. RT "  - I carry a gun because a cop's too heavy."
 So true! RT Blue_Scrubs " Nobody is as powerful as we make them out to be. Alice Walker"
   Maybe someday the universe will tell us how to attain peace.
  " there are two things that are infinite, the universe and human stupidity and I  am not yet sure about the universe" Einstein
  Where do you get these pictures?? Have you been to these places? They are beautiful!!
  - Made a beautiful Tahitian Pearl ring with south sea pearls. I will list today in my 1000markets shop
 Beautiful sunrise this morning!!
 Watched "All About Eve" the other night. I had forgotten that Marilyn Monroe had a bit part in a Bette Davis movie. Love Bette Davis.
 So what is everyone up to this fine Sunday? I'm going to be updating my website.
  Nice post! I like the way you think:)
  I'm trying to keep busy. I'm off work from my normal job and am working on the jewelry biz right now. Doing my own website.
  you're welcome.  said she liked Mehndi and wanted to learn. Thanks for the youtube link. How are you?
   She is a real sweetie! Her whole family is:) We have done some of the same festivals and marketplaces. She sells supplies too.
  Her twitter name is  Camille...I'm recommending you:) I don't know what her you tube address is.
  I have an acquaintance that does Mehndi. I got a beautiful henna Mehndi this summer. She teaches it on You Tube. ♥ the tat :)
  thought this might be useful for you.  Free small business marketing/branding courses in PDX!! 
  Do you do your own Mehndi(sp?)?
  doing great:) How are things with you?
 Free courses on marketing/branding small business. Sep. 14-17. 4 diff.days to choose from. 
 Free small business marketing/branding courses in PDX!!  
  voted for you. Beautiful pic! Hope you win:)
  It's a lot like the ocean I have been told. I've never been boating in the ocean other than kayaking in Puget Sound and ferries.
 Wow! RT The sideways bike. When biking straight just isn't enough to tickle your pickle "
 Whew! Got it configured. Can you hear me now? LOL!
 Trying to configure this twitter widget on my website. Grrrrr!
 Nice:) RT" Check this video out -- In the Arms of the Angels: A September 11 Memorial  via 
  Lake Superior has some great scenery! I was always a bit nervous boating on that lake. Always thought of Edmund Fitzgerald.
  Sorry for the delay. Was sauteeing squash. We used to launch our boat from Ludington. I love Lake Mich. Pointe Royale, Pict. Rck
  I bet! I remember feeling that way when I used to go out on the Great Lakes:) I miss it.
  Oh good:) I'm glad you had a good time. Any day you can be out on the water is a good day ey?
  Hey there! How was your trip? I hope you didn't have any trouble with the boat:)
 RT" Remembering 9/11 Through Social Media   
  I hope he stays safe:)
 Sweet!! Awesome pic as usual!! Thx! " Tunnel Visions (The Wormsloe Plantation, Savannah GA)   
  Thanks for the mention!! Have a great weekend!
  Thanks for the  luv!! Have a great weekend!! Hope it's filled with fun!
 Thanks! You too:) "  great team! Have a good weekend!"
  Thanks for the  luv and the RT:) following you now. Have a great weekend!
 YW :) Have a great weekend! " TY 4 the RTs and mentions!  
 Thank you:) New collage software:) "  Brilliant background, very nice! I need to design mine too."
 Thanks:) Hope you are havin a great Sat. night:) sholtzee:     woo hooo "
  Awesome! Glad you're back:)
  My daughter just gave me a lotion that's called Orange Sapphire. Yummy! Lime Verbena is one of my ultimate favs! Hope this helps.
  The Red Wings are my fav! Been watching them since I was little. I grew up in Detroit:)
 Woohoo! Just updated my background on Twitter. Now I'm a happy camper :) Have a great nite all? I'm off to work on my website...
 Dozens of cases of Dengue Fever have been reported in South Florida. Virus is spread by mosquitos according to The Bottom Line Personal.
  Have your book. It's amazing! Thank you for such a great resource!!
  SWEET! Congrats on 500 likes!! That's awesome!
  too bad about not winning. I hate it when my kids get disappointed. There's always next year..
 RT  Download a free lesson from  website creation workshop opening 9/14!  RT if yr peeps need a DIY website http: ...
