 It's that time of year again, Flea and tick season. Frontline is our best defense. 
 A dog teaches a boy fidelity, perseverance, and to turn around three times before lying down.
 I can't wait for fishing season, my parents are getting the boat in and we are so happy to be hanging out on  the dock
 Save an additional 5% off of already discounted prices on pet meds. 
 Oh what a day.   I just can't get enough lap time tonight.
 Everything for your dog for less.  
 Up to 80% off of pet meds, guaranteed lowest prices. 
 Ever wonder what kind of dog you have?  Doggy DNA test. 
 The average dog is a nicer person than the average person.
 Everything for your dog for less. 
 Up to 80% off of pet meds, guaranteed lowest prices.  
 RT  DID YOU KNOW: Ailurophilia is the "love of cats"
 RT  Music is moonlight in the gloomy night of life. ~Jean Paul Richter  magic
 It's that time of year again, Flea and tick season. Frontline is our best defense. 
 Everything for your dog. High quality, low prices!      10:38 PM Mar 29th  via web
 The dog is mentioned in the Bible eighteen times -- the cat not even once.
 A dog teaches a boy fidelity, perseverance, and to turn around three times before lying down.
 Everything for your dog. High quality, low prices! 
 Best variety discount prices online store for all you pet needs 
 Hope you all had a Happy Easter.
 Check out your puppy knowledge.  
 The internet's most popular pet supply, free shipping, huge selection. 
 Animal Planets Mutt Maker, this is fun. 
 The webs biggest and best store for merchandise specific to your favorite breed!  Over 1200 items.  
 Everything for your dog.  High quality, low prices! 
 What a miserable 1st day of spring break!  Windy, raining sideways, hail, yuck!  We are not leaving the house.  Time for a movie
 Dog owners, get your free 30 day sample of dog treats plus a $50 certificate to petco!  
 The internet's most popular pet supply, free shipping, huge selection. 
 We had the best day outside in the sun walking through the woods and to the lake, playing with our kids!
 Yum! happened to get some Birthday Lasanga from my man Jeff.  Now I've got bad toots!
 A dog is like an eternal Peter Pan, a child who never grows old and who therefore is always available to love and be loved.
 Best variety discount prices online store for all you pet needs 
 Children and dogs are as necessary to the welfare of the country as Wall Street and the railroads. --Harry S. Truman
 Free trial healthy dog treats. 
 To sit with a dog on a hillside on a glorious afternoon is to be back in Eden, where doing nothing was not boring -- it was peace.
 Up to 50% off your favorite pet supplies.  
 Being patted is what it is all about.
 Love the out doors?  Here's the place for your outdoor needs.  
 Professional de-shedding tool.  For cats and dogs. 
 They are better than human beings, because they know but do not tell.
 Nice short round nails, with out the pain or jagged edges!  
 Who's got the cutest human baby?  Photo contest with $2500 prize.  
 Acquiring a dog may be the only opportunity a human ever has to choose a relative.
 Are you smarter than your dog?  Avatar IQ Quiz. 
 
 My little dog -- a heartbeat at my feet.
 $500 Target Card. 
 Huge sellection!  We are your  source for anything pets. 
 The more I see of men the more I like dogs.
 Best variety discount prices online store for all you pet needs 
 Heaven goes by favor; if it went by merit, you would stay out and your dog would go in.
 RT  Who knew dog licks could mend a broken heart? ~ Jennifer Neal
  Cute Schnoodle puppy!
 I bought my grandmother a Seeing Eye dog. But he's a little sadistic. He does impressions of cars screeching to a halt.
 20-70% off vitamins, supplements and remidies. 
 Just a great online petshop! 
 They say the dog is man's best friend. I don't believe that. How many of your friends have you neutered?
 Did you ever notice when you blow in a dog's face he gets mad at you? But when you take him in a car he sticks his head out the window!
 pamper your pets paws with this, no more jagged claws!  
 Go USA Hockey!!!!
 Get a Brighter & Whiter Celebrity Smile in Minutes not Days! Get Your Risk FREE Trial Now!  less than 5 seconds ago
 This is a one a day Vitamin in dog treat form.  
 Anybody have a new years resolution to get in shape.  Here's something that can really shape you up fast.  
 Ok people, who wants whiter teeth then their pets?! Keep your canines shinny white.   
 Painlessly file your Pet’s nails leaving them trim, round & smooth. Say goodbye to jagged edged scratchy claws!  
 This pet store prides itself on offering the lowest prices on pet supplies for  all your Animals.  
 Why didn't the dog speak to his foot?
 Shed ender tool, professional grooming tool, end that unwanted hair around the house.  
 Dog Letters to God:  Dear God,
  That sounded like us last winter.
 Check out our various pet suppliers  
 Free shipping from Pet Street Mall.  Quality supplies, low prices!  
 This is so cool, watch TV on your own computer, get all the channels & lose the cable fees.  
 Speaking of cloudy, rainy sleepy days.  Check out this most comfortable blanket ever!!  
 Cloudy, rainy day, good day to snuggle on the furniture & not get our feet all muddy.  We're just chillaxin.
 Up to 50% off on well known pet supplies. 
 The Canadian Geese are out honkin this morning, like to catch one.
 Man to dog trainer: "Every time a bell rings, my dog goes into the corner."
 Here's some tasty treats!  Free trial & delivered by the mailman himself.  
 Try this free trial of tasty treats.  
 Hey all you pets out there, here's an on line pet store site with a large variety of high quality products.  
 Speaking of swimming, we love to swim in the summer, now  that the lake is frozen we fish with our peeps.  Try this out 
 Here's some funny dog books.  ref=pd_sl_71cgjrhk88_b
 RT  Flower Essences Herbal Remedies Natural Stress Relief: 
 RT  Top 10 Most Hated Foods Kids Should Eat 
 Dogie humor, thought you might enjoy.  
 These are great little scooby snacks, and they're healthy & you can try them for free.  Yummmyyy! 
 My brother Fischer Lue Schnoodle & I love to fish w/ our kids. These poles are perfect for them & us of course thhttp://cli.gs/StgjVn
 Hey dogs! Happy to be back.  My parents are pretending to be dog whispers or something.  I just want to play, eat, and poop!  They're weird.
  , yummy sounds good.
 Here's an easy place for us to get move pet supplies   up to 1/2 off.  
 Here's some examples of other fun non allergenic dog breeds.  Check out which is best for you. 
 RT  "The ideal dog food would be a ration that tastes like a postman." -Anonymous
  , Really Are U serious
  just looking for the cutest puppy.
 Hey DAWGS's;  nice place fpr the good stuff , check it out doggie buddies!
 Q; St Bernard, Bermiese Mt. Dog, Standard Poodle mix is best bcz U can take them anywhere for a little scooby snack: A: mutt "ST BERdODLE"
 Schnoddles love to live in these this time of year.  My Tiny one couldn't be any happier.  
 Check this video out -- Amazing Talking Dog!!! - Ben Csikos 
 RT  Pet Therapy: Recovering With Four-Legged Friends Requires Less Pain Medication
 RT  Check this video out -- Dog Saves Boy from Cougar 
 RT   -  Pet Pic of the day
 We're wondering how many times our kids are going to watch Beverly Hills Chiwahwah.  May you all find your inner BARK.
 Who is the dogs favorite comedian?
 What happens when it rains cats and dogs ? You can step in a poodle ! 
 Why did the cowboy buy a dachshund? He wanted to get a long little doggie.
 Save time & $ with this discount pet supplier.  Set up by pet lovers for pet lovers.   source for pet supplies. 
 Q: What is the dogs favorite city?
 This is great for our paws, no more cut quicks or jagged claws !
 These are so comfy this time of year, we love them & what a bargain!  
 "Whoever said you cannot buy happiness forgot about little puppies."
 SO CUTE! 
 Man to dog trainer: "Every time a bell rings, my dog goes into the corner." 
 Q: What is the difference between Father Christmas and a warm dog?
 Just got a personalized twitter background at 
 Here's a nice dog statement for 2010.
 RT  Staring at the Stars: Dog Person or Cat Person? 
 Just changed my twitter background, check it out! Found it at 
 Q: Where do Eskimos train their dogs?
 Q:What do you get if you cross a sheepdog with a rose?
 Poor Ducks, beat by some useless nuts.
 What happened when the dog went to the Flea Circus?
 Why did the poor dog chase his own tail?
 We love Schnoodles!
 Happy New Year dog lovers!  Go Ducks
