 Pick up the Fall/Winter 2011 issue of Phila. Wedding Magazine for a piece called "Perfect Pairs". Casa Papel is on page 85. Thanks, Carrie!
 Come check us out at Boutique Bridal Event for the Style-Savvy Contemporary Bride. 734 South Street from 4-7 pm! Located at Busybee Homegood
 New stationery is coming soon! Also, we have a paper flower class on July 16th. Check out the website for more details. www.casapapel.com
 We will be exhibiting at A Modern Bride Event on July 10th. Location BusyBee Design 734 South Street. Time: 4 - 7 PM.
 Reminder about our pre-Valentine's Day party this Friday, Feb. 4th from 4-7 PM. Check out our website for more details at: www.casapapel.com
 Happy New Year! Join us this Friday for an art reception for Deborah Gross-Zuchman at Casa Papel from 5 -7 PM. More info at: casapapel.com
 Darn auto-text; meant to write check it out!
 Casa Papel will be on the FYI Philly show tonight on channel 6 ABC at 7 PM. Check it pot!
 Check us out on FYI Philly show this Sat. Dec. 11th on 6 Abc at 7:00 PM. Thanks for watching.
 NoLibs Holiday Shopping Spree and *first ever* Cookie Tour happening this Saturday, Dec. 4th and Sunday, Dec. 5th. Great gifts and paper!
 Come get in the holiday spirit! Join us for FREE holiday card making this Friday and Saturday! ~Casa Papel 804 N. Second St. in NoLibs.
 New products coming in all this month! Beautifully made albums, day planners, address books, notepads, and more!
 Artist reception tonight at Casa Papel! Stop by and visit our two amazing artists! Light fare and wine. 6:00 -7:30 p.m.
 Check out our Facebook page for a chance to win a $25.00 gift card simply by answering our survey question. Search for "Casa Papel". Thanks!
 New exhibit in our window gallery! You won't believe that it is made from paper. Artist reception Oct. 9th from 6 - 7:30. Light food & wine.
 Artist reception tonight, Friday, August 27th at 6:00 PM. Come check it out!
 Casa Papel's first-ever artist reception. Paper artist Neila Kun to exhibit. Friday, August 27th at 6:00 p.m.  Light fare & wine.
 Casa Papel was voted Best of Philly 2010 -Best Stationery! Thanks for all the support!
 Keep us in mind for all your wedding needs! Invitations, thank you card, escort cards and more! Call today to set up an appointment!
       
 Are you planning a summer party? Have our talented staff "bring you vision to paper" and impress those that are invited!
 Remember! For all of the students out there we offer a 10% discount! Tell your friends!
 We're at 501 followers! Thanks everyone! Enjoy your Sunday!
          
 Help us reach 500 followers this week! Please RT! Thanks!
 Become a fan of Casa Papel on Facebook! 
 Happy Saturday! What do you all have planned this weekend?
 RT           
 Congrats to our friends at Temple University and to all those who are graduating!
 Don't forget our new store hours are as follows: Wed-Sat 12noon to 8pm and Sun by appointment
 What a busy morning! Tons of great work happening!
 Happy Mother's Day!
 Having a very busy morning! Anyone going to the Piazza's Farmer's Market today? Come visit the store, we're just around the corner!
            
 Become a fan of Casa Papel on Facebook! 
  thanks for the FF last week!
 We'd love to reach 500 followers by the end of the week! RT please! Much appreciated!
 Happppppy Cinco de Mayo tweeps!
 Become a fan of Casa Papel on Facebook! 
 Goood morning tweeps! We're up and ready to start the day! Our favor box workshop is at 10am! Can't wait!
 Become a fan of Casa Papel on Facebook! 
 Who is planning on attending our favor box workshop this Sunday? 10am $20 Feel free to e-mail or DM us for more info!
 Don't forget about our sale going on until the end of the month! Just a few days left! Stop by today!
 Become a fan of Casa Papel on Facebook! 
 Our new store hours are as follows: Wednesday-Saturday 12 noon to 8 pm and Sunday by appointment only
 We're celebrating our one year anniversary! Come by the store for our spring sale, which is running to the end of the month!
 It is time to dust off the shelves, empty boxes & clean house. We are having our annual spring cleaning sale through the end of the month.
 We have paper from all over the world! We even have paper made from elephant poo... yessss Poo!
 What a great weekend! Again, we really enjoyed meeting everyone! Come visit again soon!
 Come to the store and create your own personalized stationary and cards! 
 Become a fan of Casa Papel on facebook! 
 Can't wait to share with you our new YouTube site we're creating! Be on the lookout in the next couple of days! We're very excited!
 Loving all the sunlight in the store! It just makes the papers look that much better! 
 another great day in philly! come visit our store! we love meeting everyone!
 RT   -  window display!
 Were you at the farmer's market today? We hope you stopped by the store! Remember our personalized stationary workshop is tmrw at 10!
 Don't forget about our personalized stationary workshop this Sunday April 11th at the store!
 We're really excited for our workshop this Sunday! Come make personalized stationary at our store! 10am-noon $30
 Our new summer hours are: Wednesday - Saturday: noon-8pm and Sunday: noon-5pm or by appointment!
 Don't forget about our personalized stationary workshop this Sunday April 11th at the store!
 How was everyone's weekend? We enjoyed everyone who stopped by! Come visit us again soon!
 Happy Easter!
 Services: assembly, invitations, graphic design, custom cutting, specialty printing, custom bookbinding & more! 
 Loving this great weather! What is everyone doing this weekend? Anyone planning on coming to Casa Papel?
 Happy month of April! Happy April Fool's Day! It's our anniversary month too! Soooo much to celebrate!
 The month of April marks our official one year anniversary! Come by the store and visit!
 Remember, Casa Papel serves those with unique needs. So if you have an unprecedented project we are the place for you!
 Planning a spring party? We'd love to design your next invitations! Check out these ones! 
 Come by the store today! Take a look at our specialty paper selection! We're open until 7! 
 (continued...) Look at the details! They definitely add an extra touch of sweetness to any cupcake!
  - Have you seen these super cute cupcake holders that can be specially designed for any occasion! Look at the deta
 Become a fan of Casa Papel on facebook! 
 Calling all graduates! With upcoming interviews you'll be doing, personalized thank-you cards are a must! Come by the store to create yours!
 Become a fan of Casa Papel on facebook! 
 Our next workshop is a few weeks away (April 11th) but we're already getting excited! Create personal stationary & a box to hold it in too!
 Become a fan of Casa Papel on facebook! 
 Some of our favorite papers are from the chiyogami and katazami collections! Trust us they're as great as their names!
  Thanks for the shout out! Come visit the store, we're located at 804 N. 2nd Street in Northern Liberties!
  Thanks for visiting! Come back again soon! Did you have any favorites?
 Calling all brides! We have all your wedding design & stationary needs: invitations, save the dates, escort cards, menus & more! Come visit!
 This spring weather has been beautiful! Come take a stroll today in Northern Liberties! Visit us, we're just off of 2nd and Brown!
 Happy St. Patrick's Day!
 It is a beautiful day out! Come visit our store! We have papers from more than 16 countries!
 Not sure what to do today? Stay out of the rain and come to our store!
 Our name Casa Papel comes from the Spanish saying "mi casa es su casa," come visit our design house!
  its great to hear your feedback! Thank you!
 Have you been to our store yet? If not, please come visit us soon! We'd love to meet you!
 We carry the largest selection of Chiyogami & Katazome Japanese paper! Plus 25 colors of Japanese linen cardstock in the tri-state area.
 Come visit our store for all your paper needs, stamps, ribbons, tools and accessories for all your craft needs!
 Did you know: We carry a line of paper (Lotka) from Nepal made from a shrub that regenerates after harvested. Its very eco-friendly!
 Did you know that Nestor graduated from Temple University in 2000? Temple students come visit the store!
 So excited! Our spiral notebook workshop starts soon! 10am-noon for $30 create a custom notebook from a selection of decorative papers!
 Don't forget about our custom spiral notebook workshop at 10am tomorrow! We look forward to meeting you and hope to see you at our store!
 Will you be at our workshop tomorrow? Create a custom spiral notebook! Choose from a selection of decorative papers! See you at 10am!
 All of our services: graphic design, custom cutting, specialty printing, workshops,custom bookbinding & free project consultation and more!
  thanks for having us!
 Good morning! If you have any design questions or just want to say hello, feel free to DM or e-mail us! We love hearing from you!
 Our next workshop: Make your own custom spiral notebook for yourself or as a gift! This Sunday at 10 a.m.-noon for just $30!
 Check out Casa Papel's store front for the Philadelphia International Flower Show’s 15th annual Phlower Power Window Decorating Contest
 Vote for Casa Papel for Crowd Favorite by e-mailing to press between 9 a.m. on Feb. 19 and 5 p.m. on Feb. 22
 What is everyone planning for Valentine's Day?
 This Sunday 2/7 10:30am come to our V-day inspired in-store workshop to create whimsical love birds & more for that special someone!
 Casa Papel is happy to have a Twitter!
