 Who up?
 Just got off wrk nd got alot on my mind....
 Who's up??? Hmu
 Gosh I miss 
 Now back to reality, gotta go to wrk tonight :\
  it ain't even like dat kuzo I just been bizz wit wrk nd stuff.
 Finally all moved in now unpackin nd puttin stuff up
 Des next 12 hours r go be ruff :\
  well message it to me
 RT  - the worst thing uu couLd do is igg me ' that shxdt pisses me the fuck off !
  bestfriend I been tryin to see how u been doin but ur fone always off
 Up thinkn bout her  :)
  bestie
 RT  I'm sorry if sometimes I get a little jealous, thinking that someone else could make you happier than I could.
  I miss u too. Nd I called u
 Just got off wrk....GOSH I swear 12 hour shifts r killer lol...I'm bout to take my ass to sleep
  mornin
 Just wanna be da man u want
 Feelin some type of way smh......
 Have I told u I love u lately..have I told u, u still mean da world to me lately..fellas sing dat to ya girl I'm sure dey will appreciate it
  thanks for da shoutout
 Gudmornin to all...somebdy hmu
 Its about to get nasty, pork rines
 I hate seein females da get hurt by "ain't shit" niggas smh but its half way their own fault bc they made da choice to be wit em
 RT  people that dont know when to stfu 
  360? wats ya gamertag?
  God, , my mom, family, my homies, hip hop, my job, myself, my car, my phone, chicken lol, sleep, LIFE!!!!!
  idk bra im bored asa hell too
 kinda hype about goin to wrk tonight lol
  dats great
 RT  Crazy how yu find out things that yu aren't pose to kno lol
  im doin gud. i cnt complain to much. u?
  sup
 up bored cnt sleep to much on my mind somebdy hit me up
 wonder y ppl dnt knw how to appreciate ppl nemore
 Restless night :/
 RT  Forreal though, I've never seen my parents argue
  yea
 I wonder y girls are attracted to the assholes vs. the nice guys....smh no room for nice guys I guess
  lol yea
  ask riq he knw. Nd all I can tell u is I'm of importance
  sayn wat? Wat u tlkn bout yo?
  I cnt say it up here
  lol thanx
  no problem
  ayo chill lol I just wanna knw wat da hell dat shit mean
  shit chillin wrkn dats all
 I knw I might be late but who or wat da hell is 
  na not til 10 I think
  I'm gud. Wat u been up to?
  wats up
 Oh shit baby boy on cnt wait to count how many females go retweet dis or tweet about it lol smh
 RT  Why Be In A Relationship If You Just Gon Cheat ...
 Wat?
 Wats gud twitter
 hi. Who u?
 Pretty tye
 RT  I dont understand how I dont care about anything but seem to care about everything
  how u been
 Gudmornin twitter
 i need to be sleep but cnt sleep
  lmao
 RT  I'm horney
  how u
  hey buddy
 RT  There's a time in your life when you should stop TRYING to be a player and settle down with that special girl/guy.
  lol im not hatin im bout to txt u
  lol ok
  lol y u watchin cartoons??
  a toy yorkie for a guard dog
 U need to borrow a job lmao
 Watchin friday
 " When people are mad they're true colors show."// Real tlk
 gosh i have such a headache
 wats gud twitter
  " Just a few people appreciate who you truly are." /// so true!!
  hey beautiful :)
 RT   
 Who has a blackberry?
  im actually about to start wrkn on da 9th of may. imma deputy now. i heard u was tryin to hit da jet skies
  nthn much man chillin wat u been up to
  dis bama lol
 Somebdy BBM me 3254FD51
  o well damn...try to find a app dat will block him frm doin dat
  lmao calm dwn. jusst block em
  y go lay in the road? lol
  y lol
 i speak body language fuck pillow talk
  u living paycheck to paycheck smh
  o aite
  na I haven't been up der in some years lol
  lol i understand
  u aint neva had a cheesse nd ketchup sandwhich?? u dnt even knw wat u was   missin out on lol
  will u see niggas eatin cheese sandwhiches nd ketchup lmao
  tryin to get shit straight
 Hit me up on BBM 3254FD51
  shut up nd stop arguin wit me
  aite
  I been home since february
  I just txt u lol
  shit chillin. Wats gud witcha
  u need to hit me uo lol
 Hit me up on BBM 3254FD51
 I gotta new bbm pin so add me on bbm 326B63D4
  Rolling Papers 
 Cnt sleep :( up watchin everybody hates chris lol
  if u really want to lol but it shudnt be to hard lol
  shit chillin u start wrk yet
  wats gud boi
 Somebdy hmu on BBM 326B63D4
  bck atcha
 Running a  on my  Brb!
 Gudmornin twitter
 Running a  on my  Brb!
  r childish. -_-
 Gudmornin twitter
 Yes sir Dean Cain sir lmao
 How high is on lol
 If I did it once I cud do it 2 timez. Shout out to  for teamin up wit gucci for dat 2Timez track
  no i dnt see the importance
  lol u knw it
  awww shit dey done let dis monkey make a twitter lmao
 Running a  on my  Brb!
 Who has a blackberry??
 Jo
 Lmao damn I knw steelers fans is pissed
 Running a  on my  Brb!
 Finally home wit nothin to do :/
 Eitha ur 1st or last
 Running a  on my  Brb!
  not really valentines day is more for yall
 BBM me I'm bored 326B63D4.
 Chip I'm all jacked up on mountain dew lmao
 Watchin talledega nights lmfao
 Wats gud twitter
 BBM me I'm bored 326B63D4
  Flight Briefing 
 BBM me 326B63D4 I'm bored :/
 Gudmornin twitter
 BBM me 326B63D4.
 I can give u more than the usual ;)
 BBM me 326B63D4
  how have u been?
  coming home from wrk to a family :)
  buddy
 im living for today and thinkn bout tomorrow
 I swear I'm tiered of childish ass ppl
 I'm so fuckin irritated smh
 Wats gud twitter
 Say I dnt knw how to love u bae well I say show me the way
 Be my sweet lady :)
  lol no dey not
 RT  i can't even fully enjoy gucci mane's trap music anymore without thinking about that damn tattoo. 
  certain ppl care about how their dogs look though lol
  yea true
  yea prolly football lol
  that's just nasty lol
 Who wanna be my new txtn buddy?? Lol I'm so bored
  I told ky dat he go be big like uncle nic lol
  how my lil nephew doin?
 Wat kinda person lies to the person they love
 we never spend da night low :)
 i dnt knw wats goin on or about this feelin u got me feelin
 Damn it feel good to be a Taylor
  lol yea right.
  uh oh dnt get to drunk. Lol
  lol I hit u up. Nd wens ur bday?
  lol ok. Wen ur fone go be turned bck on?
  lol I guess. Wat happened wit the recruiter
  yes bestie
 RT  "Don't try to understand it.. Don't ask... Just WATCH! "
  nthn nvm now
 I guess ill go to sleep; night twitter
 RT  Yu know what it is!!!!!!
  wats up wit ya fone bf?
 Cnt wait to go bck home
  gudnight :)
  I been aite. How u been?
 So bored somebody hmu plz lol
  I called u today
 
 times like dis i sit nd think about life
 i have nthn to do....y am i so bored
  i knw if i dnt hear frm u pretty soon u go be in trouble lol
 im so bored somebdy HMU
  tank - scream
 Gudmornin tweeters!!!
  y not
  yea lol u a workaholic
  lol I'm surprised u not at wrk
  lol idk. Watcha doin
  bffl where have u been??? Lol
 Wish I had somebdy to tlk to...
 Wats goodie twitter
 So I'm watchin The Game wit  even doe she ain't watch NCIS wit me
  this is true but u knw its a sin to be those things
  in the eyes of the Lord it is
  sleepy head
  lol shut up nd I txtd u da otha day
 RT  I love my mama..she is soo funny
 RT  I hate when I see old men with braids and their hairline is receding<<<Lmao
  I'm not home to play black ops duh. So just sssshhhhh nd continue to watch TV wit me :)
 RT  RT  Beyond Bored Somebody Talk To ME!
 Gudmornin to all.
 Somebody tlk to me I'm so bored
 You have a candle, an oil lamp, wood in a fireplace, and only one match.  What do you light first?
 Some may say I'm trying to grow up to fast but I feel as though I'm becoming a man
 really dnt wanna go bck to columbia dat place aggravates da shit outta me
 Had my first candel light christmas dinner wit my wife  :)
 Damn its been a minute since I been on twitter. Sorry twitter fam
 Back wen i was in high school  this video out -- DOMINIC DEDMON FOOTBALL HIGHLIGHTS  via 
 Feelin alone....
 her lips sealed da deal on our  
  everybdy wud get gifts frm da flea market
 family is so overrated
 Never thought I wud get dis kinda love frm my old high school
 Really got a lot on my mind
  I miss u too babe :)
 Good morning to all :)
 LMFAO CHECK DIS SHIT OUT SMH>>>> 50 Tyson - Icy (Official Video)  via 
 Retweet if u miss kenan and kel
 To the kid dat choose me to follow, life ain't nthn but bitches nd impalas 
 RT  eggnog is just one a those things I can't mess with...
  yea it was so nasty
 Man da nastiest shit ever just happened to me. Dis lady sittin beside me farted nd it smelled like somethin died inside her smh wtf
  lol mines is ok.
 RT   I'd wanna be invisible!<< lmao me 2
  hows ya mornin
 Gudmornin to all. Wish I was baken dis mornin :(
 Wake
  mornin
 Just got on da train.
 Y dnt u jump yo pretty ass in my car :)
 I get weed everywhere, call me a grasshopper
  thanx 4 da s/o
  wats wrong? Call me.
 Wat if stewie actually existed lol shit wud be wild
 Watching family guy :)
  sure u was
  u was so bored nd had nthn eles better to do but watch a cup of water freeze b4 ur eyes smh lol
 How was my fellow tweeters day? Nething interesting happen??
 How was y'all day?
 I been slipping on my tweets today
 Just.Enjoy.This.Shit J.E.T.S
 I fucks wit da show My Name is Earl dis shit hella funny
 The dad from American dad blinded his self so he wudnt have to look at his wifes ugliness lmao
 Yea bitch -  voice
 Nthn starts a day off better den a couple doobies
 Hope xmas is fun
 American dad is stupid
  u welcome!
 Cnt wait til tonight
  lol
  lol its relaxing
 RT  Bitch is you smokin reefer?<< just a lil bit lol
  happy bday
  happy bday buddy :)
  lol y u say dat?
 Just downloaded touiteur nd I gotta say its way better den twidroid.
 Waken baken
 Life is wat u make it
 Goin to sleep wit a warm heart nd a positive view on life
 I hate  but dat dnt mean I ain't got yo bck.
  cudda swore I was da nigga but I guess not :(
 Dnt get caught slippin in da turnin lane
 Heavily medicated
 Cookin hamburger helper
  o aite
 RT  damn, i`ma pothead?! *shrugs* lmaoooo.
  well I'm callin
  to tlk.
   u thought chris hansen was her dad lmao 
  call me
   ur sister is a freak lmao
 RT  Time to gain some weight << y? Lol
  maybe u shud tlk to me about it duh.
 RT   is someone who loves me for me ; flaws nd all :) <<u already got dat
   u pulled me over just bc I'm black???? o_O
 Some girls look nasty in leggins 
   u a man livin in ya moms basement?? Lmao
 RT  Everything i do is a test n life
 RT  god damn I love when girls wear leggins
   u tlk to younger girls to manipulate dem 
   u pulled out ur fone nd pretended to txt bc everyone eles was actually txtn somebdy
   u havin a hoel party wit 100 niggas nd 3 bitches 
   u turned gay bc u cudnt get a nigga
 RT  I don't like this number game. It's pretty lame if u ask me.  <<I agree
   u wanna get cuffed around dis time of year just to get a xmas gift 
   u lie witout knowin u lie
   u pregnant nd da baby daddy cud be nebdy on da football team smh 
   u was in college for 8 years nd ain't learn shit but how to be a hoe lmao
   u ain't ready for a relationship but u love me
  brain food is always gud
   u only tlk about smokin weed bc u think its kool??
 Layin dwn thinkn bout life
   u had sex wit da whole skool but claim to be a gud girl
   u got soda in ya cup but u actin drunk
   u wanna be kool so bad dat u tweet lies
   u not dat type of girl but u half naked in all ur pics smh
 I wanna start a studio for artist to record, just dnt knw where too start. Ne suggestions??
  o yea.
   u da most faithful girl on da planet but u was kissin ol' boy da otha day smh
  wat u tlkn bout?
  supposed to be sleep smh o_O
 never knew twitter cud be so fun
 RT   do u have to watch what u say cause ur whole damn family has one
 RT  Gangstaaaaaas make theeeee worrllld goooo rouwaounnnd
 i aint even mad...just learnin frm life experiences
  lol wats gud
 Sometimes u make me wonder mmmmmm
 I hope dis week goes by fast
 RT  I hate waking up with one sock on and the other one off <<lol how does dat happen lol
 Who remembers tryin to master the art of txtin in skool witout gettin caught?? I do lol
 I wonder y so many dancing games r coming out now??prolly to trick ppl into exercising
 Now dat I think about it I hated skool security guards
 I wonder how Warwick is since I graduated
 Dat breakfast made my stomach hurt
 RT  I'm smokin On this Purple Finna Ease My Mind (( in my Lil Boosie Voice )) 
 Ok I'm goin bck to bed
 Ima roll a doobie up nd smoke it til my eyes r chinky
 I wonder how ppl without cell phones function. I cnt go a day wit out mines
 Damn I remember last year wen me nd my roommate had to sleep wit our coats on bc da skool ain't turn da heat on smh
 RT  my bus driver stopped in front of a house to get sum'nn - __ - <<ghetto smh -_-
  u welcome :) nd thanx
 O yea by da way gudmornin to all!!!!!! :)
 I cnt believe I'm up early two days in a row, wish I cudda did dis da whole semester smh
 RT  Dear God, thank you ..... again .
  have a gud day
 Up bout to go to breakfast pretty soon
  mornin
  I think dat was her intent lol
 RT  alcohol truly is a depressant because im in my feelings right now <<roll a doobie
 RT   right now is too get some bomb head :)
 I wanna smoke out a chillum like 
 Do somethin strange for a lil piece of change
 Where is da strangest place uve had sex at?? 
  pillow tlk wit who?
 Remember wen u was lil nd u wud trade things from your lunch lol 
  grandmas cabbage
  is a milli
   hugs :)
 Wat happen to lil john??? Lmao
 As stressful as it maybe love has a sunny side
 Shout out to George Lopez for making  a booty protector lmao
 Shout out to George Lopez for making  a booty protector
  all u can do is try
   some  ,  , and 
  na I'm gud
 RT  Shut that thang down ...
 RT  currently rolling a doobie networking on facebook
 Rollin a doob
 Y do I have insomnia?? Dis shyt sux
 Chillin like a mu fugga
 Sunday will be a very exciting and happy day for me 
 the things ppl make up is just hillarious
 u knw dis is a straight embarassment to the whole Jets organization smh
  nthn
 damn i keep gettin distracted!!
 one thing i will never surround myself wit is 
 Dear Jets, please get it together.
 Smh wtf goin on wit da jets
  sounds alot like Q&A
 O shit dey scored again smh damn jets y'all fuckin up
 RT   is for you to start acting like you have some sense.
  how do u play
 Dis game looks rigged. Something ain't right o_O
 U knw your about to get a lecture wen it starts off wit "back in my day" smh
 RT   in the morning always happens on accident <<sometimes on purpose too lol
 RT   is for all the cute girls to stop turning gay << tru shit
 RT   is to never want and to always have what I need. < wrd I think everyone wishes dey had dat
   is to get super high wit   and 
   is a bunch of bad broads, a couple fast cars 
  ring ring ring ring lol
  true shit
   is to be understood
 Wonder wat you r thinkn...mmmmmm
 I smoke to take da stress away
 Retweet dis if u wanted to be a power ranger wen u was a kid lol
  everybody watched Barney lol
 Ppl not da same now a days
 Dnt u hate wen ppl who dnt smoke or drink pretend to be high and drunk smh 
 Lol ok 
  the old cartoon network
  nap time in preschool
  my mommas cookin
 Nd I wish we never did it. Nd I wish we never loved it.
  guess it was pretty bad
 I hate wen I smoke and ppl ask y. Like mind ya fuckin business!!
  I'm really trying to figure out wat was da bad experience u had there? Lol
 Wats the best drink u ever had?
  Lol I was kinda leanin towards da one in hampton
 Gotta go to hooters wen I get back. Dnt knw which one though mmmmmm
 Cnt wait to get back to va
  hell yea nd he wud try to make somethin outta nthn smh
 RT  Waking && Baking.
  lol it was alot of memorable moments n dat class especially wen smith wud bring in da security tapes for us to watch
  lmao. Didn't he where da got gwop or bread shirt?
  lol I think everybdy wanted it to happen. Remember da big dude wit da glasses dat stopped showin up? Idr his name doe
  lol it was like he stood der nd watched da truck come at him. Smh his life flashed b4 his eyes
