 We'd like to introduce a BRAND NEW www.helpjoplin.com! After only 16 hours of down time, we have a completely... 
 Vote & repost! Our opponent has caught up to us and is now winning. There are only 3 1/2 hours left to vote so... 
 Please vote & repost! There is only 1 day left to vote... go to this link and click the "LIKE" button ON THAT PAGE... 
 If you haven't liked the Help Joplin - www.helpjoplin.com Facebook page yet, please do so!
 Our most recent website, www.helpjoplin.com, has been up and getting quite a bit of exposure after a tornado on... 
 We'll have helpjoplin.com up soon for information on how people can help after today's horrible tornado. Stay tuned for it.
 Country music singer, songwriter, and musician Mindy McCready just sent us a sample of her new songs! Listen at... 
 www.zombielifestudios.com will be one of our next projects!
 We'll also be creating and launching a website for ZombieLife Studios soon as well!
 We'll be creating and launching a website www.nashconnect.com soon!
 Sorry we've been idle for quite some time. There have been many changes among the 20/20 ACCESS team. More updates to follow.
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 Working on another cool website!
 A week or two back we released an updated version of www.iaminstantdeath.com! Go check it out! 
 Revamping the entire website for our bud at www.iaminstantdeath.com!
 Just updated the interface on our own website. Nothing fancy or complicated by any means. www.2020accessonline.com
 Need something to do late at night? Register an account at the Mindy McCready Official Fan Community! www.mindymccreadyfans.com
  We followed your suggestion and added a new topic for "General Mindy Chat" on the message boards.
 Restructured the "newsletter" section. Now working on developing a comment system specific to each newsletter. - www.mindymccreadyfans.com
 New "newsletter" post with an easy-to-follow guide for starting threads on the message boards. - www.mindymccreadyfans.com
 RT   That's because  has some of the BEST fans out there. And you guys are pretty awesome too! ;)
 You guys are crazy! You've overloaded our server 4 times within the past 24 hours of releasing the Mindy McCready Official Fan Community!
 We're sorry for any trouble you may have experienced within the past 5 minutes on www.mindymccreadyfans.com. We were having server issues.
 What do you guys think of the new site so far?
 The new fan community is RELEASED! - www.mindymccreadyfans.com
 Only one more hour! We've worked so hard on putting this website together over the past few months, and we're proud of the final product.
 Only 2 more hours until the release of the Mindy McCready Official Fan Community! Get stoked!
 Who's excited for the release tonight?
  Thank you for all of your help and promotion! Quick fix: the Twitter is  instead of  :)
 ATTENTION: The Mindy McCready Official Fan Community will be released TONIGHT at MIDNIGHT. (12 a.m. CDT) - www.mindymccreadyfans.com
 I find this picture very interesting. The things that photographers can do with longer exposure times. It's amazing. 
 Yesterday was the guy over at www.iaminstantdeath.com's birthday. He turned 17.
 Who would be interested in connecting with Facebook and/or Twitter to register on the sites? Or do you prefer just to register on the site?
 Only 409 more followers needed until we release the brand new Mindy McCready Official Fan Community. Get your friends to follow us!
  Just trying to find those interested in what we offer! Sorry! Currently working with Mindy McCready, David Anthony & more.
 Who would be interested in some contests / giveaways soon? Let us know in an  reply.
  You can send all content to support
 Everyone check out this organization. Help reunite mother and son.  - www.bringzanderhome.org
 Mindy McCready needs your help. - "It has become very clear to me that I need help getting my son back..." Read more at 
 We're currently waiting on authorization to release a brand new website to you guys!
 Mindy McCready's Fight to Get Life Back on Track: In a CBS interview country music artist Mindy McCready... 
 Watch Mindy McCready on The Today Show on Wed. June 23. She will be talking about TV, a book, movies, more new music, & her son Zander.
 Phone calls with Mindy McCready ( to discuss and schedule the release of this new website.
 Almost done with this brand new fan community! Just a few minor details left.
 Have questions for us? Send them as an  reply and we will answer them!
 We've made unbelievable progress on a new website over the past few days. We are so excited to get this finished and release it to you.
 Want a picture of you & Mindy on the new fan site? Send picture, name, & link to Myspace/Facebook/Twitter to support
  May we use the picture of you and Mindy McCready on her new fan community that's launching soon?
 RT  I just met MINDY MCCREADY!! Omg!
 Very productive last two days. The next 3 have lots of work planned.
 RT  great show last night!! Thanks to all who attended and Played! Looking forward to our show with Mindy McCready Sunday nigh ...
 RT  Just saw Mindy McCready at  - she looks great, Dr Drew would be proud! :)
  Do you mind if we use the picture you posted of you and Mindy on the new fan community?
 RT  Mindy McCready at Cma autograph booth. looked the best Ive seen her.  Good with fans.  Nervous walking into booth. S ...
  Learn the truth at www.mindymccreadyofficial.com
  Learn the true stories, all at www.mindymccreadyofficial.com
 Cross-browser differences have been figured out and fixed. It's all smooth sailing from here-on-out.
 "I am going to make my first Fan Fest back a memorable one.... Please come join King Billy an..." Read more at www.mindymccreadyofficial.com
 Our guy over at www.iaminstantdeath.com released a new picture on Myspace earlier. Check it out at www.myspace.com/instantdeathphotography
 Currently working on our content management system.
 We just reached our 1,000th follower. Great accomplishment. Let's keep the number growing, so we can reach out to more people!
 Mindy McCready will be at Fan Fest this year. She will be signing in her booth. More info  www.facebook.com/mindymccreadyofficial
 Things are currently on halt for us. We are waiting for new computer monitors. Ours were fried in a recent power outage.
  Thanks for the shoutout! Let us know if you need a website. We'll give you a special local discount!
 We watched the WWDC this morning. Who's going to get an iPhone 4? I'm thinking about it, but I'll probably just upgrade my 3GS to iOS4.
 Please go to this website and click the "Like" button at the bottom of the page. It will help spread the word! www.dinaandjeffwantababy.com
 RT   I love that mindy mccready song!
 We would appreciate it if everyone would retweet this message. Help this couple complete their family. - www.dinaandjeffwantababy.com
 Just released a new website. - www.dinaandjeffwantababy.com
 Things have been slow due to vacation. PHP, jQuery, CSS, HTML, and Javascript have all been reintroduced. Tons to accomplish this summer.
 RT  Follow  They're creating my website.
 Follow  for updates on Nashville musician David Anthony.
 Things are in the works on a website for David Anthony, a musician and model from Nashville, TN.
 Coding issues. Great.
 Mindy McCready Official Fan Community progress. 
 Coding the most complex table structure ever.
 Design time.
 "The new advertisement throughout the site is in support of donating to Flood Relief. As some..." Read more at www.mindymccreadyofficial.com
 "Watch Mindy McCready live on the Dr. Oz Show tomorrow, Tuesday, May 4th. Check your local li..." Read more at www.mindymccreadyofficial.com
 The login/register feature at www.mindymccreadyofficial.com has been disabled.
 "The login and register features will be disabled as of 11p.m. (central time) on 4/25/10 due..." Read more at www.mindymccreadyofficial.com
  thanks! We're going to be rolling out her fan community soon, so be sure to watch for that release!
 The scripting of the fan base is finally complete. On to designing, then piecing everything together.
 "New featured video on the home page of Mindy McCready Official, as well as an update with progress of the..." www.mindymccreadyofficial.com
 The scripting of the user-interactive fan site is nearly complete.
 What's left on this user/fan script: friends' list by user, custom URLs, and a few minor details.  Release of forum, blog, etc. are later.
 One thing that completely irritates me is cross browser differences. Attention to all IE, FF, Safari developers: Please collaborate.
 So we've decided to do mobile versions of a few of our sites after a new release. A mobile version of Mindy McCready Official will be first.
 Who would be interested in mobile versions of our websites? (ex: iPhone, Blackberry, etc. for use on your mobile phone) Send us an  reply!
  Head over to www.mindymccreadyofficial.com
 Made some minor (but needed) add ons for the fan script. Remaining characters, current avatar, set site-wide limitations, etc.
 The Mindy McCready Official website is currently over 9,000 views. My goal is to get the fan site up and going before it hits 10,000.
 We're hoping to get our website going soon!
 Another late night of work.
 Finally converted the user image upload system into a standalone file via tabs for editing the account and settings.
 What features do you guys want on Mindy's fan site?
 Scripting for the Mindy McCready Fans site is coming along great.  Adding more features.
 Hosting maintenance during my peak work hours; middle of the night. Calling it quits for the night a little early.
 Scheduled hosting down time from 12 am (PST) to 2 am (PST).
 The definition of scripting is 'loss of sleep.'
  - Mindy McCready Official Fan Community sneak peek. What do you think? Suggestions?
 Working on Mindy McCready's Official Fan Community.
 We'll be rolling out OUR website soon.  We're waiting until our next website rolls out so we have more featured. www.2020accessonline.com
 Just created our first application, 20/20 Connect on Facebook! Expect to see this (simple) application used throughout our sites.
 Developing an application called 20/20 Connect, allowing users to post content from our websites to their Facebook profiles.
 Fan of Mindy McCready? Follow  to get updates on Mindy ONLY. Find out of changes to her Myspace, Facebook, or website.
 Simultaneously working on two different websites. Oh how I love the end product after development.
 Currently working on some stuff for Mindy McCready's fan website, www.mindymccreadyfans.com
  Shoutout for people to follow us? We're currently managing Mindy McCready's official website. www.mindymccreadyofficial.com
 We are currently now operating Mindy McCready's Official Myspace. Help us promote. www.myspace.com/officialmindymccready
 Just added some new pictures to the portfolio section of our newest website, www.iaminstantdeath.com. More will probably be added soon.
 Just posted the clip of Mindy McCready's singing debut on Celebrity Rehab 3. Watch on the front page of www.mindymccreadyofficial.com
 Just released a new website! Check it out and let us know what you think in an  reply! www.iaminstantdeath.com
 Just posted a major announcement on the Mindy McCready Official website. "MINDY MCCREADY FANS BEWARE! The..." www.mindymccreadyofficial.com
 A new website will be launched this week, more than likely within the next few days. Keep watching!
  - Sneak peek at our newest website that will be launching shortly.
 Sorry for the lack of updates. Started working on another website. Release soon.
 Currently working on a website for an awesome photographer from Joplin, MO who is only 16.
 Just updated the updates section and tour page on Mindy McCready Official. Show posted. www.mindymccreadyofficial.com
 Get us to 2020 followers and we'll do something cool and special.
 The continued episode of 'Celebrity Rehab' airs tonight in 5 minutes on VH1. Catch Mindy McCready during her seizure and find out causes.
 More new sites coming soon.
 Mindy McCready airs again tonight on a new episode of 'Celebrity Rehab 3' on VH1.
 Member social networks, exclusives, discussion boards, etc. all coming soon.
 Just changed the 20/20 Access website to be all flash. www.2020accessonline.com
 Great things coming in the future.
 You no longer need to register  www.mindymccreadyofficial.com to view information. Register to view fan content.
 If you missed Celebrity Rehab, it airs again in 30 more minutes.
 Mindy McCready premieres tonight on 'Celebrity Rehab 3' at 10PM (eastern time) on Vh1. Make sure to watch!
 Just updated the Mindy McCready Official website with brand new news articles. www.mindymccreadyofficial.com
 Working on developing different fanbases. Friend requests, uploading a picture, comments, newest members, etc. What features do you want?
  Check out www.mindymccreadyofficial.com
  Follow  to get updates on Ann Marie as we roll out her Official website soon!
  Follow me to get updates on Mindy McCready. Sign up for an account at www.mindymccreadyofficial.com to get official updates.
  Sign up for an account on www.mindymccreadyofficial.com to find out. She is getting back to music VERY soon.
 www.2020accessonline.com
 Just got off the phone with Mindy McCready after receiving some feedback from her sneak peak.
 Wrapping up Mindy McCready's Official website within the next few days. A few big names soon to be announced.
 Currently working with country music singer, song writer, and actress Mindy McCready for her official website as well as her fan site.
