 Witnesses say a man barricaded himself in his apartment with rifles. Hays County Hostage Negotiations is on the scene tinyurl.com/3kdd4p3
 Did you see the paper that came out yesterday? There's a really cool feature about a local tattoo artist who has inked Ozzy and Rod Stewart
  come by the Trinity building and pick up an app!
 RT  State Rep. Jason Isaac says he is considering a run for Congress in new Hays-Travis-Coryell-Johnson Co.
  just come in and apply as soon as you can! We have a rolling application process.
 RT  Picked up the  orientation issue on my way to class. Lookin' good!
 RT  I'm considering a similar blog for The Star website, what do you think? 
 Long time, no tweet! Check out our new Light of Day page on the website. 
 Concealed carry on campus passed in the Texas Senate. 
 Come out to Tantra now!
 The first band actually goes on at 9 at Tantra. Thanks  See you there!
 Don't forget to head out Tantra and Triple Crown tonight for the Ultrafest Summer Jam festivities! First band goes on at  10:35!
 We are sponsoring a great event tonight! Read the blog and plan your night now! - 
 Finals issue comes out tomorrow. 
 Read all about Texas State's decision to become a tobacco-free campus: 
 Five years of ASG legislation: Ceremonial legislation, internal affairs focus for ASG - 
 RT  Txst UPD captain says  smoking ban will be enforced identical to current smoke-free zones - no additional enforceme ...
 RT  Breaking: Texas State to become tobacco-free campus starting August 1.  
 Education Does Not End With Graduation - 
 University’s Fleet Now Has Two Electric Vehicles - 
 Club Hosts Event For Japan After Earthquake - 
 Sakura Night: A Night for Japan - 
 Students Learn Value Of Going Green During Bike To School - 
 Need some distraction from class? Follow  from the  while he live tweets from a murder trial.
 Data Show High Crime For The Heights II - 
 Bike 2 School Day - 
 ASG Supreme Court Has Little Records Of Previous Rulings - 
 Examining The Texas State ASG Budget - 
 Have you seen the "River Man" around campus? Dillon Scott has attracted attention lately for his lifestyle - 
 We are all stopped by trains around town but you may see more as the economy recovers - 
 Is TOMS shoes a charity, trend, or both? Join the discussion - 
 Former frat house now contains Olympic training center - 
 Theater alumnus performs first Broadway role - 
 The campus is constantly changing. Check out our new interactive campus master plan map - 
 Cheatham honored with scholarship dedication - 
 Happy Earth Day! - 
 RT  Check out The  's newly-launched web product - an interactive campus construction map : 
 54 groups receive service fees - 
 Importance Of Media Resources In Question - 
  thanks for letting us know! We'll fix it.
 Local Veterans Face Budget Cuts - 
 Snowballs for Belles: A tradition gone but not forgotten - 
  I'm glad you agree.
 Check our our Main Point about Chartwells - 
 RecycleNow event collects electronics - 
 Ying Yang twins headlined Riverfest this year. See what happened - 
 Miss out on Bobcat Ball? Here's what happened - 
 Feeling sickly? Its not the Falls Hall asbestos, promise. - 
  Thanks for sharing our story!
 The first part of our Behind the Student Government series is out. Check out how ASG executive agendas shape  - 
 Texas State selects women's basketball head coach:  
 Follow  for live updates from the  meeting tonight.
  Contact  our multimedia editor at starmultimedia and he will be able to help. Good luck!
  Thanks! We are happy too. Congrats to 
  thanks for the feedback!
 Couldn't check your email earlier today? An overload temporarily shut down some university networks. Read more here: 
 Sorry for some strange tweets earlier. Journalists get the case of the Mondays too.
 Should academics take over athletics at Texas State? - 
 Every wonder what crimes happen around town? Check out our interactive crime map for some insight -...
 Should gambling be legal in Texas? Let us know what you think on our Campus Poll - . Results will be in...
 Good morning and happy Monday! Check out this story on a student "fashionista" starting her own fashion line -...
 We have a great staff of videographers. Check out our multimedia page and watch the videos - 
 Weekly Songwriter’s Circle helps locals launch careers -...
 Student-run magazine showcases local artists - 
 This may be a little late but its our editor in chief,  birthday today. Happy birthday Allen!
 Weekend recap of  vs. Southeastern Louisiana baseball series: 
 Alternative art thrives in San Marcos - 
 Check out our newly updated blogs section for movie, book and fashion reviews. Also, some cute animals! - 
 Fallen Bobcats were remembered last night at Bobcat Pause - 
 San Marcos' downtown master plan continues - 
 A burn ban is now in effect for San Marcos due to severe drought conditions - 
 Looking for a snack or energy drink? You might want to make the trip to Paws Market - 
 DeGarmo/Roemer talk plans for next year - 
  Thanks for featuring out story!
 RT  Check out the  article about  
 Bobcat Pause is tomorrow, here's a preview of how fallen Bobcats will be remembered - 
 Good morning! Hundreds of Texas State students and staff participated in Bobcat Build this weekend. Here's our story - 
  Ha ha, I just reread your article and you did call it. Any suggestions for next year?
 Good morning and happy Monday! Check out our story about Texas State Boxer Night to brighten your day - 
 RT  The  won 33 TIPA awards! Read all about it and check out the winning entries in my latest blog:  ...
 A Texas State professor's musical talent is unhindered by his disability - 
 RT  Check out the  staff with all their  awards.   
 RT   wins 4 first place awards at  General news, in-depth reporting, mike guzman columns and best website.
 In case you missed it, here are the full ASG election results - 
 Come hang out with the Star staff tonight at First Thursday. We'll be at Sean Patricks starting at 7 p.m.!
 Texas State professor musical talent is unhindered by his disability - 
 Website ranks top  professors - 
 Our new ASG president and vice president are AJ DeGarmo and Tiffany Roemer. Here's our election night coverage - 
 Congratulations to Elizabeth Brown who picked up one vote in the college of fine arts and communication. 
  we will be posting a blog with the full results soon. Look out for a tweet soon!
 Full coverage of election night will featured in tomorrow's paper.
 Our new ASG president and vice president are AJ DeGarmo and Tiffany Roemer. 
 ASG referendum passed. 
 Election commission just came out. Results soon to come. 
  The winner hasn't been announced yet but we'll tweet it as soon as it is. 
  is that better?
  It's on our front page.
 Editor-in-chief  is now interviewing students live. Follow it on the Star homepage.
 We're love streaming now! Check it out at star.txstate.edu 
 We're on the fourth floor of the LBJ student center ready for the election announcements. Results should be in by 5:30. 
  you sure can! We just got up here.
 We'll be heading up to LBJ soon to cover the ASG election night. We'll be live streaming the event so make sure to watch on our website.
 Two hours until our live stream of ASG election night starts. Make sure to watch on our homepage! 
 We will start live streaming the ASG election results coverage at 5 p.m. 
 Fall registration starts soon with a new system - 
 Congrats to our sports editor  on her acceptance to the Poynter Fellowship in Florida! Only 40 people are accepted each year.
 Good morning! Today is the last day to vote for next year's ASG administration. Let your voice be heard - 
 A  student is riding around the world for Autism Speaks - 
 Check out our Mystic Music Fest video - 
 Couldn't make it to the ASG debate last night? Here's a recap - 
  Thanks for sharing our story!
 RT  Listen to the  award-winning "This Week in Bobcat Sports" podcast on the  homepage,  ...
 ASG Supreme Court decision overruled - 
 ASG voting starts today. Here's why you should vote - 
  
 RT  Getting ready to start the  Townhall debate!
 Make sure to follow our ASG beat writer,  He will be live tweeting from the ASG voting kickoff. 
 RT  At the  voting kickoff at the Amphitheater. Come on out!
 Nature Center goes Native - 
 One professor takes his talent out of the classroom and into the vineyard - … (cont) 
 Former Mayor Susan Narvaiz participates in the Handspun Hope Program - 
 Check out our blog section for recipes and other interesting topics - 
 Thanks for all the kind words about our  awards. It's greatly appreciated.
 The University Star just won 31 awards at  
 RT   on site awards for  cont'd. 1st Editorial Writing -  Honorable Mention Video News -  ...
 RT   on site awards for the  2nd Feature Photo -  Honorable Mention Radio News Writing - ...
 RT   baseball wins 10-3 against 
 ASG spends $3,000 for "Bobcat Bricks" marketing -  
 We have endorsed Fox/Schultz for ASG President and Vice President - 
 Graphic design junior Lyndsey Lyons now has a painting in Vodka Street Bistro - 
 Did you miss the ASG debate last night? Here's the story to catch you up - 
 ASG Presidential Debate in Tweets - 
   We quoted you in our ASG debate blog, check it out: 
      We quoted you in our ASG debate blog, check it out: 
  The election starts Tuesday and the candidate videos and the debate will be online by tomorrow morning. 
 "We are not Texas State, you are Texas State." -Will Fox 
 Fox said it's absolutely essential to tackle the difficult issues instead of tip toeing around them. 
 DeGarmo said he will revamp tailgate and make sure all nonessential offices will be closed for students during games. 
 Fox said he will not focus on athletics next year. 
 Fox said it is pointless to have legislative committee when they are not in session. 
 Fox said ASG will expand the scholarship fund to help with budget cuts. 
 Fox said he was in the administration that started the legislative committee and Schultz leads the committee. 
 DeGarmo said he plans to take advantage of state political ties and will make a permanent contact at the Capitol. 
 Fox said he wants to support more graduate research funding. 
 DeGarmo said he wants more graduate students speaking up in the student body. 
 DeGarmo also against a campus wide smoking ban and he will push for maroon and gold benches where students can smoke. 
 Fox said he does not support a campus wide smoking ban and he will create designated smoking areas. 
 Fox said ASG has forwarding legislation to administration at the end of the semester and it often gets ignored. 
 DeGarmo said he will ensure good legislation is enacted by utilizing relationships with administration. 
 Fox said he wants an alumni contact book to help students get jobs after graduation. 
 Fox said the Hay's county women's center is actually a back room in the DPS office. 
 DeGarmo said  doesn't need a women's center and students should utilize county resources. 
 Fox said SWAT will be funded by private funding and ASG. 
 DeGarmo said going into relationships with a hostile attitude will not help students. 
 Fox said we need to see results promised from Chartwells before we "kiss their feet." 
 DeGarmo said his milkshake bar idea does not conflict with his plan to present nutritional facts in dining halls. 
 DeGarmo said nothing has done for SWAT except Fox going to College Station and there should be more tangible results. 
 DeGarmo said ASG is having recycled issues and new blood is needed in the senate instead of tip toeing around problems. 
 Fox said DeGarmo approached many of the seasoned senators on the Fox/Schultz ticket to run with him and they said no. 
 DeGarmo said the Fox/Schultz ticket is a lot of recycled leadership from the current administration and new blood is needed. 
 Fox said he will bring a safe ride program if elected. 
 Fox said his administration will be different than Ferrari/Ray by focusing on more tangible impacts. 
 The presidential debate between Will Fox and AJ DeGarmo is starting now. 
 Schultz said her ticket is in the Quad 24/7 to talk to students. 
 Roemer said it's important for students' voice heard and DeGarmo/Roemer is the better choice. 
 Roemer said her platform was created after talking to students about what they want. 
 Schultz said the Fox/Schulz platform is based on problems and solutions. 
 Roemer said each senator will have three organizations as well as one US 1100 and one capstone class to get student opinions. 
 Schultz said unanimous consent helps our university grow. 
 Schultz said she will assign more than 500 students to each senator if elected. 
 Roemer said she will host a YouTube video to keep the student body updated once a month to increase transparency. 
 Schultz said ASG committees can be philanthropic themselves and she will restructure committees to cater to student organizations. 
  thanks! Sorry about that!
 Roemner said there are more freshman senators on Fox/Schulz ticket than there are Greeks on DeGarmo/Roemner ticket. 
 Roemner said only a few groups of students are represented in the current ASG. 
 Roemner said she supports the first amendment. 
 Schultz said she tried to impeach Chief Justice Mike Guzman because a student said ASG was elitist/racist after diversity column 
 Roemner said Bobcat Bricks will build pride and has senators on her ticket working on the project. 
 Tiffany Roemner said it is more important to author legislation that builds relationships with students. 
 Shanna Shultz said ceremonial legislation helps to build relationships between students and administrators. 
 Our ASG vice presidential debate is starting now in Flower's teaching theater. 
 The  debate is starting now , be sure to make it to flowers teaching center or watch it live - 
 If you're just getting out of class grab some friends and come to the ASG debate! It starts at 5:30 in Flower's teaching theater. 
 The ASG debate will kick off in less than two hours. Make sure you're there to get informed about issues facing our university. 
 Make sure you make it out to the ASG debate tonight! It starts at 5:30 in the Flower's teaching theater. Get informed! 
 Can you who the world's greatest extra is? Hint: He's a  alum - 
 Our ASG debate is tonight at 5:30 in the Flowers teaching theater. Can't make it? There will also be a live stream on our website. 
 Fastball came to San Marcos to kick off the Keep San Marcos Beautiful concert series - 
 The ASG debate is tonight. Get informed by reading our platform overviews - Degarmo -  /  Fox - 
 The ASG presidential/vice presidential debate is tomorrow. What questions do you want answered?
  We will also be live tweeting so just stay tuned for all the debate information.
  The debate is tomorrow at 5:30 p.m. in the Flowers teaching theater.
 If you have any questions for the ASG presdential/vice presidential debate Tuesday please email us at stareditor
 RT  Now  is giving her speech.  
 Good luck to our former multimedia editor,  who is speaking at the Texas Associated Press Managing Editors conference today!
 RT   Feature on Texas State 1B Casey Kalenkosky running this week in the  hope it's a good one.
 RT  Texas State University is now officially recognized as a Hispanic Serving Institute. 
 RT  Provost Perry Moore was named Vice Chancellor of Academic Affairs for the TSUS. He will assume the position in July. ht ...
  That sounds awful! If there is anything we can do to replace it please let us know.
 Happy 21st birthday to our design editor 
 Check out our SXSW 2011 recap - 
 San Marcos is kicking off a spring concert series tonight with 90s band Fastball. - 
 Back at school but missing the excitement of SXSW? Here's some nostalgia - 
  Here's all the info - . If you have any questions please call our office at 512.245.3487.
 Check out our story on one of San Marcos' newest restaurants, T2 Baguette - 
 Have questions you want asked during our ASG debate Tuesday? Let us know and we'll try to get them answered.
 Good morning! San Marcos is now home to a wind turbine. Read the story here - 
 Come to our ASG Presidential/Vice Presidential debate Tuesday at 5:30 in Flowers. Here's the facebook event - 
 Want to help with Japan relief efforts? Students will be selling T-shirts in the quad starting Monday. - 
 Miss Diddy at SXSW? Here's his surprise encore at Fader Fort - 
 One of the biggest festivals in Austin,  finished last weekend - 
 Don't forget to pick up tomorrow's paper! We'll have full coverage of  on stands tomorrow.
 Did any  students work or volunteer for  Let The Star know!
 Make sure you check out our  coverage from this week on our blog, South by on the Fly" 
 Missing out on  Check out our blog, South by on the Fly - 
 We just found out about a secret showcase tonight at Highland Mall. Flosstradamus and an open bar from midnight to 4 a.m. 
 Make sure to check out  band  at their official  showcase tonight. 1 a.m. at B.D. Rileys on 6th.
 We'lll be up at Emos for the afternoon. Givers at 4 and Friendly Fires at 5. Come see us! 
  We'll definitely try to make it up there!
 Come hang out with us at the Dickies party! We're at Lustre Pearl and the weather is perfect. 
 We're at the IFC Crossroads House. Free beer and soft pretzels! Come find us on the white couches at the back.
 Our trusty asst. photo editor hard at work at The Head and the Heart.  
 Good afternoon! We're going to be at the Paste party this afternoon. Come hang out with us!
  Thank you!
 RT  My   recap on Blake Mycoskie's keynote: 
 Moot talks 4chan - 
  Glad you're having fun and hope you're getting good stuff!
 RT  Did you miss the  summit during   Here's a clip of  talking about it 
  Consider yourself followed friend!
 RT  Wanna know how to make money while traveling. Two nomads shared advice at   ...
 RT  Moot, the creator of 4chan, talks about the infamous message board website  ...
 RT   panel recap: The Future of Philanthropy: Social Giving Takes Off 
 RT  Anonymity is authenticity 
 RT  Christopher "moot" Poole of 4chan, on stage at  Yes, he really exists. 
 Good morning! It's day three of  so be sure to keep up with our live tweets and blogs throughout the day.
 Make sure to keep up with our  live blog, South by on the Fly. We have reporters live blogging from events - 
 RT  Want to be more productive? Sleep more. Read the blog here: Live like a sprinter   ...
 In case you missed it yesterday, The Star won a record-setting amount of SPJ awards. Read all about it:   
 RT   panel recap: Let's Hook Up: Brands, Celebs and Non-Profits 
 RT  In getting more & more volume, we're getting less & less depth. Ironically, doing more in our lives is getting us less. ...
 Hate Speech Gone Viral, a discussion by Brian Cuban 
 Good morning and happy spring break! We'll be at day 2 of  so stay in touch, we'll be giving you all the good information from panels.
 The blog on the 13 SPJ awards is up. Check out what won: 
  What did you talk about?
 RT  "Twitter is the biggest free-for-all of them all bc there are no rules. You can say anything without any hate speech ru ...
 We will RT our staff throughout the week but follow them yourselves too!     
 RT  Listening to Brian Cuban "Hate speech & free speech are not the same as 1st Amendment protected speech" 
 RT  Listening to Brian Cuban talk ab hate speech gone viral "Hate speech & free speech are not the same as 1st Amendment pr ...
 RT  "The abiltity we have to think big Is inversely proportional to our age. So we all have a ticking time bomb right now." ...
 RT  "Turn the negative into a positive. I've got nothing to lose and I'm broke. But if you give me a job, I'll work my ass  ...
 Our news ed.  will be live blogging for your  coverage pleasure. If you can't make it, check it out.
 Don't worry, certain web headlines were fixed and didn't make it into the paper. 
 RT  I just got news that the  won 13 Society of Professional Journalists awards — the most in our history. 
 RT   baseball a "surprise team", getting some love on ESPN. 
 We'll have staff at  starting tomorrow so make sure to follow close to see whats going on in the tech world.
 Check out whats going on inside the Trinity building and listen to the latest Glimpse into the Newsroom - 
 Happy spring break! We wish you a safe and relaxing holiday - 
 Badge pickup for  starts today. Anyone at  attending  tomorrow?
 Texas State's very own Zlam Dunk will be showcased at  this year. Check out the the video preview here - 
 Do you ever wonder how much the Greek houses across town cost? Here is your answer - 
 Good morning  The sun is out and spring break is almost here. Pick up a copy of today's paper for your reading pleasure.
 Tell us what you think about students removing candy from the loaned art installation on Campus Poll - 
 Native American artifacts found by Wonder World extension - 
 Dancing down at City Hall: Live music comes to City Council meetings - 
 Nothing is impossible for Jose Villa, a SM resident born without arms - 
 Any  students participating in the anti-death penalty spring break at the Capitol? The Star wants to talk to you! Let us know.
 RT  I just got off the phone with the director of the Felix Gonzalez-Torres Foundation in NYC. He said he is aware of the in ...
 RT  I talked with UPD, and the students who allegedly vandalized the art exhibit could face felony charges.  
 To take stairs or ramp - 
 Skateboarder Alert: Construction of the second phase of the  Skate Park begins Monday- 
 RT  Check out this  blog about the White Scholarship and its national attention (Taiwanese video included): h ...
 Trauth Denies Groups Access To Open Door - 
 RT  HUGE win for  men's basketball over  82-80. Texas State is going to the Southland Conference Tournament.
 Man who runs car into bank arrested. See the story here: 
  Hey Chris, why do you have your profile blocked? I want to add you to the twitter list on our website called SM Pulse.
 See where not to park with the San Marcos Crime Map on UniversityStar.com: 
 Perry Challenges Educators To Create $10,000 Degree Plan - 
 Sprinter Renee Shepard makes strides in her collegiate career -  
 Called 'The Vice', this group fills 12 hrs with whiskey, cigarettes, and play-writting - 
 Students reminisce on Falls Hall and its 44-year legacy: 
 Texas State utilizes a memorandum to educate students on hazing. - 
 The  baseball team is home to two freshmen pitchers and best friends. - 
 The  Pres Denise Trauth cameo on  talking about enrollment and budget cuts - 
 Visit the Ustar homepage to check out the new "Crime Map" - 
 The  basebal team grabbed two wins its' first tournament - 
 ASG proposes night and weekend parking permits - 
 Fashion took to "The Underground Runway" Friday night as models worked the catwalk at George’s. - 
 Breaking News: Local Rep. files bill to freeze tuition rates:  
 Do you think hazing happens at  Opinions writer Michele Provan believes so - 
 As Texas faces a $27 billion budget deficit, students' financial aid could be on the chopping block - 
 School officials changed permit hours for the small parking lot adjacent to Sewell - 
 The  mens bball team remains the best in the west against Texas-Arlington on Sat. - 
 Hope everyone had a great Valentines Day. This flower shop did - 
 RT  Talked about decision to run the Playboy story on this weeks 'Glimpse into the Newsroom' 
 Do you use  WiFi on campus? Security of your Facebook, Twitter and other social profiles could be at risk - 
 The  mens bball moves to first in the west division - 
 K-2 and other synthetics come under scrutiny in State Senate bill 331. Watch the video along with the story - 
  classes are delays until 10 a.m. today, so sleep a little longer bobcats.
 Grupo Fantasma made San Marcos history Saturday with their performance at Bar One-41 - 
 RT  SRC and all Campus Rec closed Friday: All of Campus Recreation is closed Friday 2 4…  
 RT   is closed today because of the weather.
 Texas State has delayed classes until 9 a.m. on Friday, Feb. 4 -  
 Making dinner plans? Here's an option: Join the Star staff tonight for our monthly First Thursday dinner, 7 p.m.  Sean Patrick's
 RT  Just officially added a Rivals 3 star WR 
 RT  Here's the  story on  2011 recruiting class (full list of stats & photos in print edition): http: ...
 RT   TSIE program cut in half since freeze one year ago. - 
 Power outage affects State of Texas: 
 Exorbitant textbook prices may have a new solution: 
 RT   parking permit rules till apply today, despite closure.
 All  classes are canceled for the rest of the day. Decisions about tomorrow will be made at 6 p.m. - 
 Are you freezing in class because the heaters are turned off? Let us know 
 ASG works to amend vague impeachment procedures: 
 A San Marcos artist is combining cartoons and surrealism to create a colorful new style. - 
 Hear behind the scenes of producing The Star on podcast "Glimpse into the Newsroom" up now on homepage - 
 Care about decisions made downtown? Vote on our next poll '?': Do you think there should be a limited  of  bars downtown?
 A view of important issues during the legislative session - 
 ASG brings up campus smoking policy once again - 
 .  waits on a bill to fund construction projects for the growing student population  -
 Free hotdogs and crackerjacks in the Quad by Evans, just have to give your  id  Makes for a decent lunch.
 RT  I work with some really talented folk.  
 Our university  has been granted reaffirmation of accreditation - 
 It's ice cream on the cake at Rhea's Ice Cream Shop's one year anniversary - 
 Recent University Star alumna  is in the  today! Check it out: 
 Join the star staff at Grin's at 7 tonight. Good food, good drinks and good chitchat.
 RT  Dennis Franchione announced his football staff this P.M., which includes his son, Brad, as the linebackers coach & spec ...
 City Council debates banning future bars in downtown San Marcos - 
  Glad to have you on the team.
  Glad you liked it. Here is a link to the story online in case you want to share it. - 
 Let us know what you think about  hiring of the football coach on our poll - 
 Actors and actresses, a shot at the big time is coming to  -  
 Read about a group of  seniors who are providing a home for local art, providing art lessons for  kids. 
 Find out why some  students and  residents are stock-piling garbage and harvesting red worms! 
 Research Center Proposes Baseline Testing For Paso Robles
 From the Trends desk of  Helvetica tramp stamp, other unexpected uses of a typeface.  (via: 
 Feels good to be back. The Star's first issue of the semester is on stands and online. Take a break between classes - 
   Shannon Gaga: Where is she now? 
 RT  Here is the new  Opinions editor,   RT  I love my job. 
 Sources say Dennis Franchione is the new head football coach at  
 RT  Dennis Franchione is the next coach at Texas State
 RT  Introducing the  Spring 2011 editorial board!!! 
 TSIE Task Force Closes In On Goals - 
 A newsy year for the University. 2010 in Review articles are on the website.
  That is what we are here for.  Thanks for reading the article.
  Yea, I'm putting the content up now. Thanks for sending readers our way.
 Join us for last "First Thursday" of the semester  Pluckers. Aay you're with The Headliners, 20% of ur tab goes 2 the org.
 RT  Here is  president Mel Ferrari's memorandum which outlines her veto of the guns-in-classrooms legislation http:/ ...
 ASG President shoots down the senate's concealed carry approval. Read why here - 
 Texas State ASG President Mel Ferrari has vetoed the senate's legislation supporting concealed carry.  
 Cyclists Take Initiative To Make Streets Bicycle-Friendly - 
 Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you ASG's final grade -  
 Opinions writer Mike Guzman says that "greed is good" - 
 Donor records for a new Victory Star(on top of Jackson Hall) reveal low student funding - 
 Texas State students include Prospect Park, Purgatory Creek, and Devil's Backbone in their off-campus activities: 
 RT  What are your dinner plans Thursday? Join the  for Pluckers night!  
 Are you reading this tweet from behind the wheel? You might as well read this too - 
 RT  Today's  Main Point: An open letter to Mike Leach -  
 A  professor is helping Latin-American families by looking at bones, a very interesting story- 
 "Concealed Carry" fails votes 27 - 23 meaning they do not support the current concealed on campus policy.
  They are voting
 ASG is voting on "Concealed Carry" now
  I can let you know right before they vote.
  I think after they finish debating, and there is no time limit on that.
 ASG talking about the positive and negative aspects of "Concealed Carry". Let the debate begin  - 
  It hiccups every now and then. Just reload and it should be fine. Let me know of any other problems.
  Is it working now?
 Sen French, author of "Concealed Carry" giving a speech. 
  Thanks
 Isaac Hart, CHL Instructor from Lone Star Handgun speaking at  meeting - 
 Speaker at ASG talking about extension classes,  decision on concealed carry is next.
 Now livestreaming ASG decision on their stance on concealed carry on campus - 
 We will livestream the ASG meeting over concealed carry on campus live at 7 pm tonight on Star's homepage - www.universitystar.com
 Head football coach Brad Wright fired - 
 The  forum is over, missed the last few min livestreaming because of tech problems. ASG will vote on Mon
 Small tech diff with livestream, working on it
 Sen. French talking about his leg. on concealed carry at  meeting. - 
  Is that better?
 RT  ASG concealed carry on campus forum.  Watch the livestream at universitystar.com
 students just started asking questions at  forum
 RT  Football coach Brad Wright relieved of duties:  
 Livestreaming  concealed carry on campus forum. Watch it at - 
 We are livestreaming  concealed carry open forum tonight. If you want your opinion heard, go to LBJ teaching theatre at 6
 RT  It IS official:  football Coach Brad Wright has been fired.
 RT  Hearing reports that  football Coach Brad Wright has been fired.
 The concealed carry forum is to be held Monday night - 
  Yes they did. Interesting story - 
 Students who wish to report roommates committing illegal acts could soon have more resources for doing so: 
 A Texas State alumnus has given a new meaning to drinking on the rocks. - 
  It's online now
  Sometimes we post the editorial cartoons, mainly the ones on Thursday. I can post the one in todays paper.
 New buttons on the homepage bring new possibilities - 
  Thanks. The cartoonist did a great job on it.
 Some changes could be coming for bikes on campus - possibly permits - 
 Robert Beckhusen talks about his dislike for Total Frat Move and the culture it represents - 
 RT  Excited to talk about the WAC with my reporters tonight on the  "This Week in Bobcat Sports" podcast! :)
 Multiple sources confirm  invitation into the  - 
 RT  Here is a preview of tomorrow's  front page:     
 Multiple sources confirm  invitation into the  - 
 Faculty members work to acquire more retirement benefits: 
 Source confirms Texas State to WAC.
 RT  RT  Sources: Denver University, Texas-San Antonio and Texas State to join  -  
