 If you're over 30 and you drive an ice cream truck for a living, chances are, you were someone's bitch in prison once...
 I call my penis 'Rice Krispies'.......it snaps, crackles and pops bitches...
 Herpes: The Greek God of STD's...
 RT  "I'm right the fuck here!" - Every clit at some point in time.
 Never hire a depressed exorcist. They're not very good at lifting spirits.
 I'm feeling cocky today. No, really...I have my hands down my pants.
 "A blood clot killed my wife when she was fifty."--- a Jamaican probably
 I'm always late for work but I make up for it by leaving early...
 RT  Not being rude but over 50% of my followers could star in the Jeffery Dahmer biography.
 Justin Bieber's new album 'My World 2.0' came out last week. 
 Look, I'm just never going to get you pregnant. I kid you not...
 I was in my Gay friend's car today when his GPS told him to go straight.
 I call my penis 'Jesus' because bitches are waiting for the second coming...
 I go on facebook once a week and change my birthday to that day. Been doing it for 3 months now and still getting tons of Bday wishes.
  WTF is that? A mosquito?
 I love whipping my penis out while reading people magazine. If only the other bus passengers could mind their own business...
 Chloroform...that's how eyes roll...
 Todays results in the Star Wars championship.....
 RT  A belated  2 u :) "       .coelmay  ...
 My girlfriend is leaving me because of my obsession with Africa.
 RT         
 RT           
 I am bringing Facebook to life by breaking into all my friends houses, poking their mom + flicking through their personal photo albums
 I named my penis 'fate' so when I pull out of her ass, she'll know it was 'fate' that brought her butt cheeks back together.
 Apparently, turtles can live for 150 years. I bought one, just to see if it's true.
 You can get  all day...if you don't tweet anything interesting, you won't gain any followers.
   .... and bring your handcuffs...she can't be tamed!
 RT   My Fav boyz         ...
 RT  Chad Ochocinco gained 135k+ Twitter followers after being traded from the Bengals to the Patriots   
   HAHA. Very nice 'Stalker' material....she probably already has the restraining order on you....
 Womens Golf: They're all pretty good with an iron, but they can't drive...
  no...where is it?
  that's great. Tweet it, I want to see it :-)
 RT  GOOD FABULOUS 
 I just put some Viagra in my car.
 RT  Dear Scissors, I feel your pain.....no one wants to run with me either. Sincerely, Sarah Palin
 Laughter is the best medicine.... except for impotency.
 RT  When you love someone, all your saved-up farts start coming out.
 I'm going to India and becoming a taxi driver....... just to see how they like it.
 I call my penis 'Asthma'....... it leaves chicks breathless.
 I often use beauty products to help myself ejaculate.
 My ex-gf says it was my obsession with horoscopes that Taurus apart...
 RT  When a stripper gets ready for work, does it mean they get naked
 RT  If my smart phone were really smart it would know which people I have no interest talking to.
 RT  I've been hanging pictures all day and it's a good thing I'm not gay, I couldn't find a stud to save my life.
  the commercials...
  Axe makes you wet...
 Sometimes when i'm bored, I like to call the owner of a missing animal, just to let them know I haven't found it...
 If you watch 'Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows part2' backwards, it still sucks and you're a pussy!
 I've just took a shit so big, I'm not sure whether to register it as a birth or death...
 RT  It is impossible to lick your elbow. And if you can...well, call me!
 RT  Dear iPhone,Please stop spell checking all of my rude words into nice words, you piece of shut.Sincerely, Every iPhone User
 I'm brought to you today by my next door neighbors unlocked wi-fi connection...
 Yesterday, this guy called me a pussy. I was in so much shock, I almost dropped my Harry Potter book...
 You know that love juice a woman's vagina squirts out after you've rocked it by hitting the g-spot? Me neither...
 I ate a bag of Cheetos and now my fingers look like I just fingered Snookie...
 I'm so homophobic, I'm getting a vagina tattoed on my penis...
  yes, i love screamers!!!! Hahaha
  honestly? No. Lmfao
  and stop YELLING at me...
  Good luck!!
   LMFAO...yeah, you and 9 million other batshit crazy fans :-)
 I treat my women like I treat my cars.
 People often make fun of me, calling me lazy...but I'll think of a comeback soon.
 RT  If State Farm was really a good neighbor they'd come pick up the dog shit in my yard...
 RT  I like my orgasms like I like my stab wounds: multiple.
 I just dropped my neighbors cat in an Ice cream maker.
 "Give me your fuckin bunny!!" --- Guy with a cold robbing a pet shop.
 Either that's fruit up your ass or you got graped...
  and it was furry too 
 I banged a Shellfish earlier.
  why do I need to be mentioned in your convo? Lol
  go back to bed taco lover!!
 "What do we want?"
 I went to a gay church by mistake the other day. I didn't realise it was a gay church until I saw that only 1/2 of them were kneeling.
 I bet you can't fit that fork into a light socket...
  that's news to me. Haha
 Blowjob Roulette...If you lose, it's a hard one to swallow...
  thank you :-)
  i'm not into politics...I just go with the flow. All politicians are liars...
  no. US
 This Halloween, I'm dressing up in all red and trick-or-treating at 4 PM so I can say, "I'm your period, and I came early!"
 My gf just started using one of those sensitive toothpastes. 
 RT  U kno it's hot as shit when they not even hustling waters at the redlights
 I'm so fucking stupid, I don't even know what an acronym is. 
 RT            ...
 I'd just like to say to the old man on crutches, wearing camouflage gear who stole my wallet earlier, "You can hide but you cant run!"
  every friday!! Just keep it real and funny...your natural talent :-)
 I went to the sperm bank to donate some jizz today. I was disappointed when they didn't accept my old, crusty tissues...
   She's a newbie but very funny. Let's show her some love, you won't regret it!
 "I'm on the edge of glory" - Lady Gaga, pre-op...
 RT  In 24 hours on Fri. between 5 and 6 p.m. EST, send out an   and I'll follow u back. Write it down, ...
   If you like a good laugh and not following her, shame on you Douchebag!!!
  :-)
   she's a riot and deserves more followers...
 RT      another of my 2 favs :)
 I'm the national speling bea runer up...
 I like to lick stuff...you know, to keep my immune system on its toes...
  lmfao
 RT  If all ur fb pics r cartoon characters, pics of animals,  cars, or famous ppl chances r ur ugly.
 That's not how you do it... Give it here - Inappropriate thing to say at a urinal
  xo
  cuff me
  you're watching my penis?? Nice!!
  thanx for the RT bro...
  and what are you doing?
 I like my women like I like my eggs...done on both sides.
  what are you doing up...sober?
 RT  if I have a daughter, I'm going to  name her 'Wet'. So when she introduces herself she'll have to say "I'm Wet"
 I was going to make a joke about homosexuals butt fuck it...
 I came up with a great way to make my penis look bigger..... just have a closer look at it.
  wassup girl!!! Thanks for the follow :-)
 Changed my password on the computer today to 'mypenis'
  promises, promises...
 I accidentally filled my blow-up doll with helium...
 I'm very nervous about my new job as the new clown in the circus.
 I think when the space shuttle comes back to Earth, everyone should be dressed in an ape suit...Just to freak the astronauts out...
 The best thing about shagging schizophrenic women is multiple orgasms......
  yes you are...in real life :)
 Thanks for star fucking me but it really counts with me if you retweet <3
  I'm glad I can make you laugh...
 I just named penis 'Mike Tyson'.....because it breaks jaws.
 Let's play Words With Friends. My username is 'GoGo187'.  
  Thank you!
 RT  Shoutout To My New Followers -    
 I'm positive I lost an electron. I better keep an ion that...
 I was in Pakistan once, all depressed + called the hotline. Told them I was suicidal. They got all excited + asked if I could drive a truck.
  i like it. There's a lot of sick fucks on here lol
  ohhhh..
  what is a Peco?
  jaja...how are you liking Twitter?
 RT  By Philly standards, my crotch counts as a cheesesteak.
 If you're a deaf Schizo, do you still hear voices?
 I don't go to strip clubs anymore. If i wanted a woman to take all my $$ and sexually frustrate me, I'd stay home....
 I hear they're making a convertible Smart car... so that on a sunny day, you can actually hear people calling you a Bitch.
 Life isn't Twitter sweetheart...stop following me or I'll blow my rape whistle!
 RT   your first reaction to an impending heat wave is: "mmm, extra crispy"
  Thanks a lot!
  thanks!
 If you watch Saw backwards, it's a truly amazing story about a man providing countless limbs to the severely disabled...
 I named my penis Raymond.
 RT  Forget R & R... I'm all about I & I. "intoxication & intercourse"...
 I like my women like I like my chocolate....White, with no nuts.
  YOU GOT NOTHING!!!
 RT  Damn dudes breath smells like shittles
  means your legs are open for business...
  sexxxymommmy??
 How many blondes does it take to change a diaper? Ask Hugh Hefner...
  Thank you so much for the Tweet Of The Day pick!!! XOXOXOXO <3<3<3 lol
 I wonder if sexy Russian women get ads for single, bald, fat men when they watch porn...
 I pushed a farmers donkey off the road, away from an oncoming car today. I really saved his ass...
 Since my divorce 3 years ago, I've put on 27 lbs. My doctor said I have to stop celebrating...
   I'm so not gay, I even have a way of masturbating without touching my own penis. My friend Biff does it for me :-)
  hahaha
 I love watching videos of lakes and rivers on the internet.
  anytime :-)
  anytime!
      funny people!!
 RT            ...
 RT  Please          ...
 RT             ...
 RT  A few more shoutouts!          ...
 I was so excited when I found $10 in my bed this morning.....until I checked my teeth...
 My girlfriend told me that she wants to take our relationship to the next level. I guess I'm getting anal tonight then...
 RT  I'd give my right nut for a blowjob right now, and that's saying something considering I lost my left one in my div ...
 RT  You can learn a lot on late night TV. Just watched some lesbians make a cock mold. Filing this info away for future use
 During sex, I'm so greedy, I don't go back for seconds, I go back for hours...
 Since theres more Asian people than anybody else on Earth, does that mean they have normal eyes and we have big, crazy googly ones?
 I asked my new lover how many men she's slept with.
 I think I'm allergic to Kim Kardashian. Every time I see her, my cock sneezes...
 My right hand just gave me a Hall Pass for a week. Watch out anything that moves!!!
  purrrrfect!!! Lmao
 Went to my 40th kindergarden reunion last night. Didn't recognize anyone!!
  just gettin older!!
  yw :-). How you been girl?
 Anal sex is a lot like a Southern girl's first car.
 I never did make it as a dildo salesman.
 Harper seven? Really David + Victoria? Why not Humily eight?
  that's great! Change your avi (profile pic) to the bikini pic...
 My gf once asked me to whip out my cock during sex and piss all over her face.
 Lolo, how you doin boo?
 I like my women like I like my cucumbers...Thick...
 A cop stopped me and asked my name. "GoGo Tagg" I replied.
 I just had fantastic interacial sex...
 You know you watch too much porn when you go to a hospital expecting a blowjob...
  68 now haha. I owe you one :-)
 How many times does 45 go into 18?
  let's just say that this tweet raised the bar a lil bit :-)
 OCDC: Repetitive rock.
 I just watched the uncut version of Scarface, 'Face'.
 If you suck your own cock, does that make you gay?
  thanks chimp :-)
 After years of suffering from sinus troubles, my doctor suggested I try yoga. It hasn't helped with my nose but now I can blow myself!
      Ef ef'em...
  loving the profile pic...thanks for the  babe :-)
 Yes, my penis does touch my belly button...but my belly button doesn't wanna talk about it...
 My girlfriend's vagina smells like roses.
 For sale: 10 Used Condoms. 
 I think I speak for everyone when I say I have multiple personality disorder...
 I got eczema, diarrhoea, gonorrhoea and haemorrhoids yesterday...
