 Went from the Obama/Boehner debt talks to the  reunion. Not too much different, actually...down to the fake tan and crazy eyes 
  goes without saying - YOU'VE GOT THIS IN THE BAG!! celebratory drinks after?!
 Double sigh RT  Sigh.  boringly delivers the truth.  convincingly delivers reckless populist bullshit.
  oooh, i want to go to there! re: bachelor table :)
  oh yea, I'm texting w/ the Boy Who Lived ;) It's some guy I met on eHarm who loves HP too...and has a pretty sexy voice to boot
 HP boy called while I was grocery shopping. Wandered around store trying to be cute and witty, now everyone at Jewel knows I have no game
 I've only walked a few blocks but it looks like I've been sweating my way through a marathon. Fuck you, global warming
  haha, this is why i heart Twitter! I was at Dunkins (obvi) and now lazing at the pool. It's no deep creek though ;)
 Sometimes, don't you ever want to reach over and touch a stranger's head to see if his hair is real? No, just me? That's cool... 
  ...except that I posted it myself right after the midnight showing. Eh, whatevs.  Have so much fun!!!
  haha, i know - i'm practically family! And of course Leen would tell you that embarrassing fact - NOW ALL OF TWITTER KNOWS!! ;)
 I wish I had the kind of blind confidence beyond reason that makes Luann think she can sing a duet with Natalie Cole 
 I just sent a meeting notice for a call at 8:30 PM instead of 8:30 AM. I rock at webmail. Obviously.
 Did good work today. Rewarded myself with a burrito. Lather, rinse, repeat
  ahahahaahaha - we were there for hours b/c of the bottomless mimosas, but he had no excuse except to be creepy!
 Good stuff! RT  Great  discussion today during  Check out the replay & transcript here: 
 Couldn't have done it w/o everyone who joined! RT   has set a new bar for how to release a  report
  me too!! (PS sorry i was so sticky :P)
 RT  Great  questions coming through!  Join the live chat with  and  now at  ...
 Love it! RT  Nice to see the really good questions to  Trust my fellow Twitter CSR junkies to not hold back!
 RT  Bestbuy buyback program was response 2 consumer desire 2 keep up with advances, recycle/reuse old equip.  ...
 T-minus 10 min! RT  I'm in! Best Buy  chat! Join    11:30a CT, BBY.com 
 Three hours on a boat in Lake Michigan. Even with the cool breeze, white wine and fireworks...I still smell like boy
  OMG so good!! Colin Firth and Geoffrey Rush better be BFFs in real life or else...
 We're on a boat!! 
 Tune in  11:30 am CT! RT  For any Q's 4 BestBuy re    use  Live webinar tomorrow
 There is beer and a helmet-full of nachos with my name on it at Wrigley. I just need to get there...
 Oh yay - just got the theme song stuck in my  head RT  Srlsy?! CN To Develop Live-Action Captain Planet Movie 
 RT  Got questions about   Tweet them to  & we may answer them during Thursday’s webinar ht ...
 Why do my best hair moments happen at night? Right before bed?! NO ONE CAN SEE THIS MAGIC
 I just cheered, out loud, by myself, for the chick on Extreme Makeover: Weight Loss edition. Off to work out now :)
 My BB trackball is sticking...again, but only in one direction. Help?!?
 Gals - I know it's hot but we can't make bikini tops as clothing a thing. And boys - put your shirt back on; you'll suffer w the rest of us
 Yay - client! RT  RT  180K employees. 3 aspirations:  releases  report 
 Look at those kids! Pure. Joy. :) RT  Jealous! A Harry Potter Surprise  via 
  you should read the books too...that'll help with the questions ;)
  heck yes!
  oh you know it...and no worries, we'll definitely be registered at the dork store ;)
  oh yeah - big time. Our wedding will coincide with the DVD boxed set release ;)
 And I found a fellow HP lover on eHarmony. Things just got serious :)
  ha, perhaps you're right. I can and will dance to most anything though...it's my curse ;)
 Welcome to Miami. Bienvendo a Miami 
  no. way. And you went a second time before ME! Crucio!!
 RT  WIN your very own  Invisibility Cloak costume replica by  - Enter   ...
 Optimus Prime is my homeboy
 I saved $100 on a purse today! No, it doesn't matter how much it was...I SAVED $$.   
 Taking the day off after HP was wise. Finding out that it's the first day of the Nordstrom sale? BONUS
  its this theater out in the suburbs. Its awesome!
  so. worth. it.
  ummm, YES PLEASE! when can we get tix? :)
 No spoilers, but it was PERFECT!! Started bawling 20 minutes in and I didn't stop. Go again?
 Harry Potter. 3D. La-Z-boys. Heck yes.  
 IT ENDS TONIGHT!!! Holy man, I'm too excited for this to be a healthy obsession 
 My heart misses tilt-a-whirls RT  Tilt-a-whirl on the boardwalk. 
 My gut is telling me to work out. Haha, get it?   
 So many things are amusing me on the walk into work. Chicago, I think I'll keep you
 Wine heals all wounds
  haha, Brandon for sure won't, but I kinda want to :) Not sure where to get it though...
 Where can I get Harry Potter glasses?!?! Oh, no reason....
 The Bachelorette is in my home country!!! That might be the only redeeming thing about this episode!!!
 No more free Slurpee cups = no more free Slurpees :( Knew I should have gotten a Slurpee for breakfast...
 Yup, sounds like a plan to me! RT  Today is  day at  Throw some vodka in it, and you've got happy hour.
 OMG PANDAS RT  In honor of Panda Bear on the show tonight, here's 15 Panda Bears Without Comment: 
 I just watched as the sky went black and a wall of rain moved into the city. Whoa Nelly!
  I think one of the later ones is, but you should really start from the beginning. I have movies 2-6 if you need to borrow them!
 Movie night at the Cooks! Harry Potter weekend continues!! I like exclamation marks!!! 
 Re-reading Harry Potter poolside. Perfection.  
 LOVE  recycling program!! Brought in all my empties and got a lip balm and travel size conditioner...and I will be back :)
  haha, girl - get to studying!! you're in for a TREAT :)
 This is on track to being the laziest weekend in history. I couldn't be more thrilled.
 Ron Swanson food montage. Best thing I've seen so far in life.  (via 
 RT  Agreed! RT  is the most depressing article on the US mentality 
 Is it possible to have a pasta hangover? Because I'm living it right now...
 I just took this down in one sitting. I don't follow no rules!! 
  I know AND she repeats herself to an annoying degree!! Ugh, she's so gross
 "Please stop mean-tweeting me" Oh thank you, Kelly Bensimmon for making me want to turn off my TV and go workout
  haha, my household is dominated by Bravo every season :) And I like Restaurant Impossible - is the chef still that big beefy guy?
 NEW FLIPPING OUT TONIGHT!!! I'M SO EXCITED!!!!!
 RT  For the last "Harry Potter" movie, how Daniel Radcliffe's WSJ stipple portrait changed as he grew up: 
 RT  The   is starting momentarily at  - Keep the questions coming while you watch!
 I want to go dancing with Darren Criss...I think we'd be good at it 
 I want to go to there   RT   Thai menu practice photo 
 Taking the scenic route to the grocery store, which entails going past it and stopping at Chick-fil-a 
 Saw my first Speedo of the season 
 I like taking fireworks pictures... 
 Nothing like fireworks, a cold brew, a crisp night breeze and jolly friends to warm your heart on this perfect summer's eve.
 Sitting curbside with some Oberon watching an illegal fireworks show. No big deal 
 Watermelon vodkas at Robin's. Yum!! 
 OMG, I am DYING over what some dude put up on his eHarmony profile. I hope it's a joke, but I'm pretty sure it's not. DY. ING.
 Happy 4th!! Going to get my America on by eating too much grilled meat, getting out the ole slip 'n slide and watching people blow stuff up
 Today is my Sat because I have Tues off. Would go out, but that requires $ and for me to shower. So I'm watching the only HP movies I own :)
  omg, YES!! that's the perfect size :)
  oooh, those look yummy an super simple. Thx for the link!
 I bought a $5 Slip 'n Slide for  BBQ tomorrow.  Things just got serious  
  and it looks delicious but I'm a special kind of lazy :) Happy 4th of July!
 Looking up side salad recipes online. Don't know who I'm kidding - will probably just buy them pre-made from Whole Foods or something :)
 Hungover and dehydrated is not a good look on me. I look like Leatherface 
  yumm...invite me to Mumbai next time, yeah?
 Aww man, my friend's bf is in town...which means it's club time!!! I will need caffeine and lots of it 
 So, yeah - Despicable Me totally just made me cry 
 Already had to change my shirt once. Oh yeah, that's the Chicago summer I know
 This makes me so happy, it's unbelievable  
 On 2nd thought (and after looking at my credit card bill & dress that barely zips up), think I'll cancel my 2nd Chick-fil-a trip this wk :)
  me too, except I was on a megabus :) Tina Fey is my sister soul mate!
 I'm thinking of walking down to Chick-fil-a for dinner. That will be twice this week. Yeah.
 Seconded! RT  Matt Bomer does a Bayside High School cheer; is officially my favorite person ever 
  yeah, that does sound good!! i had mine in shot form...you know, the classy way :P
 It's official... is my hero. Thanks for my first taste of  Planning my next trip pronto
 And I'm sure my dresses not fitting has nothing to do with all my recent eating/boozing. No connection whatsoever
 Got out some of my go-to summer dresses and they won't zip up anymore!! Inflation is happening on my body...
 Did we know there was such thing as Cafe Patron??!! Coffee flavored tequila. Sounds gross, right? ACTUALLY GOOD
  RT  Venn Diagram describes your entire dating life in two pathetic circles. 
 Yay - go Christy!! RT  Catch Christy Jordan, author of the   cookbook, on QVC this Sunday! 
 Holy crap, was just emailed by a documentary filmmaker wanting to talk about my recent loan donation to www.kiva.org/detroit (!!!!)
 Let's get on this  RT   is showing every HP film (8 films over 4 nights) in select cities 
 Got a Google+ invite from  - yay, thanks lady!! Too bad the sites overloaded right now...boo :(
  that can be easily fixed - i would go with you! :)
  omg, I went tonight too!! And it was everything I thought it would be...and more :) what did you think??
 Leen agreed to go with me to Chick-fil-a, only if we could stop by Whole Foods afterwards so she could pick up a salad 
  ditto!! makes me so mad though, b/c i would LOVE to rock this look, but I'd end up looking dumpy 
 Instead of shopping this wknd, I just completed 2 loans. Once it's repaid, I can donate it again! Gr8 idea 
 I can never get belts to look right. It's my curse.
 Wow! cc    RT  Tickets for Grant Achatz's Next are rumored to go for $500 on Craigslist!
 Random Thought of the Day: I really must get me a pair of red summer shorts
 I've packed my breakfast and lunch for tomorrow and going to bed early. WHO AM I RIGHT NOW?!?!
 I haven't been home since noon.  Just eating, movie-ing, grilling and hanging with friends.  Sunday - you all kinds of rock
 Me and  do movies right - Five Guys and then going to town on an XL tub of buttered popcorn. Now excuse me while I vom...
 Happy  my lovelies!! Lots to celebrate today :)
 why did i have to be so tall?!?
 Going on my first eHarmony date... I'll check in on Foursquare so you can tell the police my last known whereabouts, k? :)
 Watching kids play at the pool always puts a smile on my face. Doesn't hurt when the dads are kinda cute (kidding!) 
 Ha, love. this. RT   Alec! Now we can get married!
 I invited myself into this...sho did 
  umm, I don't know what you're supposed to do, but I just asked for change and booked it! :)
 My cab totally ran into a parked car 
 OMG they're putting in a Hannah's Bretzel in the lobby of my apartment building!!! Yay, but goes my food budget...
 Not working out so I don't have to take another shower today. Playing it off like I'm trying to be green, but it's just laziness
   and please see my last RT about LOTR...I love dorks :)
   omg, you guys are SUCH dorks ;)  PS great pic of Rufus though
 A client, but STILL - I want to go to there RT  Count-Down to "Middle-earth Midnight Madness" Launch 
   :)
  haha, yeah - like that's the only thing stopping me from working there.  That and my love of all things fried and delicious :)
 This just makes me love Jason Segel that much more 
 Just once I'd like a guy to say to me - "What you work at Bally's? Look at your physique" 
 This is how much I don't follow bball - when looking something up for work, I had no idea the Charlotte NBA team weren't the Hornets anymore
 I definitely gave the cab driver my home address instead of work this morning. This is going to be a loooong Friday...
 If your jeans make it hard to decipher whether you're a man or woman from behind, those are the wrong jeans. 
 Cannot. Stop. Laughing. (cc  RT  this tumblr is UNBELIEVABLY awesome. 
  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! I really like her though, so I guess I begrudgingly approve
 Key learning: do not wear your hair in a topknot the whole day unless you're ready for this hotness.  
 Not gonna lie, this month's J Crew catalog fell a lil flat. I only wanted something on every OTHER page
 Not fair, Javier...you know I can't resist a Coldplay song. But I'm still rooting for  FTW!! 
   i'm all sweaty from a workout. if we have to evacuate, it will be like EVERY OTHER TIME i've ran into a hot neighbor :)
  oh holy man, thanks buddy!
  hahaha, full make-up and a nightie...i heart you :)
  OMG will i be able to hear them on the 29th floor?!?! i cant tell over the sound of thunder :)
 Now would be a good time to know whether or not my building has a basement...
  well i'm pretty jealous of the ice cold beer you have waiting for you at home, so call it even? :)
 Pretty sure I didn't need a full iced coffee at 4 pm, but it's free, so why not? 
 Just looked at myself sideways in the mirror and I looked preggers.  I should really buy more belts.  Or stop buying maternity wear. 
 I've watched Inception twice today and I *think* I get it. See also: I'm in deep love with JGL (preferably in vests)
 Dear Sun, you done good for my last day off. Real good. Love, TC 
   i'm pretty sure I don't know what you two are talking about...but I'm in! :)
  heard the party was fab!! Bummed to have missed it :(
 Lady gate attendant pulled a Bridesmaids-esque "Is he with you?" to some random Asian guy behind me in line. Way to stereotype, America
  LOVE me some five guys!! PS how was chick-fil-a?!
 Perfectly buzzed for my flight home
 Happy birthday Logan! 
 Denver bars closing at 2pm...I call some bullsh**!
 Opposites attract. I'm tweaking and Katie is half asleep :) 
  scratch that, I want to go HERE  TC sandwich!! :)
  scratch that, I want to go HERE
 I could eat those biscuits and cheesy grits all live long day 
 If there is a pig anything within city limits, I will want to be near it 
 Boulder vintage shopping. I give you, the duck vest!!  
 I WANT TO GO TO THERE  (Look  it's my two favorite people!!!)
 Thank you, Colorado. This is what summer's supposed to feel like...and without the sweating. Score!  
 It's Bring Your Super Excited BFF to Work Day. Judge Katie presiding :) 
  OMG, no!!!! I feel so bad for her kid - she's adorable
 Residential Fort Collins, CO. I should have packed allergy medicine. TC - we're not in Chicago anymore... 
  ha - i was JUST debating hitting up a TB express at the Denver airport but factoring in the time change, it's only breakfast :(
  LOVE when that happens - congrats! :)
 I suck at Southwest 
 I can never sleep the night before a big trip. So excited!!
 I'm still in Chicago, but this already makes it my most favorite vacation ever :) ( Five Guys Burgers & Fries) 
 First day of my week off and have a full day of running errands before Denver.  I win.
  it's ok - you don't need to keep trying to cry at The King's Speech. I don't want you to bust a tear duct or something ;)
   what can i say? I'm a softie :)
 Went shopping for jean shorts. So far I've bought everything but. I'm nothing if not consistent.
  I can't hear you, I'm covering my eyes and ears at the same time :)
 Thank you, middle-aged man peeing in the corner outside my apartment. You made my walk home through the drunken bar scene complete
 Geeking out to see Super 8 with 
 Does Flesh of the Stars exist? Cuz I'd like to submit Michael Fassbender's fine behind in Angel for all the ladies. Bad movie, but worth it
 Alright, time to get off my couch and socialize :) Happy housewarming, 
  I know, esp after trying so hard not to have anything ruin it. Eh, I'm still excited to go see it - love me some JJ Abrams
  I heart you, but must respectfully disagree. A perfect Philly cheesesteak has Cheez Whiz :) 
 Ugh, think I just saw a Super 8 spoiler on my Twitter feed. Not cool, USA Today, not cool
 Having a bad day? Need a smile? I give you "Mini Warbler performing Teenage Dream". You're very welcome. 
 Life lesson of the night: the time you have to eat something after the Sell By date is not as long as you would think
 Agreed - so unique! RT  My fave performance tonight on  def  - only singer to own in
 Look  Our double dates are here :) 
 I've had pasta 2 out of my last 4 meals.  ( Fitness Center  400 N LaSalle) 
 Nick Offerman wants Oprah to play Ron's 1st ex-wife Tammy. Spread the word!   (via  
 Lady is losing her shit after missing flight. Her YOUNG kids are trying to console her but she's screaming  gate attendants. Poor kids :(
 RT  Alright media, I'll give you this Weiner joke. But it can't be topped so let's move on. 
  ugh, sickness. At the terminal wondering what the weather is like in Alaska this time of year...
 Why am I eating Sbarros when I just ate lunch an hour ago?! Cuz its here at the airport, THAT'S WHY  
  I was actually here on biz with some Seattle peeps. They will enjoy hearing that :)
 OMG ITS 102 DEGREES IN MINNEAPOLIS. Melting is not a good look on me...it better not be this hot in Chicago or I'm not flying home
  yes - just found out about the expired coupons thing!! Saved my trip :)
 . is the best! On time, texted me a reminder, used iPad to take cc & check out his card   
  you know me - the model of efficiency ;)  if you ever need a ride!
  I know, right?! So cool!  if you're ever in the area. Hope all is well :)
 Business trip for one and a half days. I mean, how do I pack for that?! I'm putting like one thing in a bag. 
 I hate seeing extreme awkwardness. Which is why RPattz just put me into shock. Reese is helping me recover nicely 
 I just booked a cab via Twitter 
 Whoo hoo - they deserved it!!  RT  Congrats IAMME!!!
 OMG BABY JABBA 
 Doing the cleaning I only do when company comes over 
 I would do very bad things to Michael Fassbender. And vice versa 
  umm, no!! Thanks for the tip!
 Naturally, the one time I actually need to get something at Bed, Bath and Beyond, I don't have a coupon. I usually can't escape from them!
  no - don't turn into a psycho like me!! go towards the light!!! :)
 Stalker is not a good look on me....
  where - the underground, rockit?! And does it start with G and rhyme with SQUEEEEE? ;)
 Determining my walking path based on which side of the street has more shade  
 My body is sore from the Glee concert. Apparently dancing like a crazy person and scaring teenagers around me is my cardio.
  oh no - i was there with  - we should have met up! No Darren or Cory but maybe next year ;)
 Artie can walk, y'all!! 
 I might have just proposed to  while he was on stage... RT  I wish I was  right now
 This is my life right now - Trouty Mouth!!!!! 
 Umm, is butter on burgers a thing?!? Steak 'n Shake before Glee = perfection 
 Glazed?! I want to win soo bad... RT  OK...for the LAST $50 DD Card: What is DD's most popular donut in the U.S.? Tag 
 Not gonna lie, America's Best Dance Crew is BLOWING my mind right now 
 Wondering if there's such thing as Beef Noodle Soup but w/ dumplings instead of noodles. Yes, I'm cleaning out my freezer - why do you ask?
 I'd like to apologize to all the video editors I've rushed to turn around projects at lightning speed 
  approved!
 Testing out eHarmony & most of my matches so far have been Asian boys. I don't have proof, but I'm pretty sure my mom is behind this....
 My date w/    on Friday is pretty much getting me thru the work week. No worries  share ;)
 Got to walk around sunny downtown Chicago with thousands of dollars of video equip shooting pretty images. My job kinda rocks sometimes :)
 Swear I tried to workout today - got dressed & everything - but all machines were taken. So went upstairs & ate the equivalent of 3 dinners
 I'm in a fully reclined Lazy Boy right now about to see Hangover 2 and have dinner brought to me...I'm never goin 
 If you're wondering if Ed Hardy makes bikinis...he does. And it's exactly what you think it would look like.  
 Eating donuts at the pool. Figured I'm already in a swimsuit, the jig is up!
 Not even 10 and there's already no spots left at the pool. But at least the sun's out!
 I haven't been (yet) but I like living in a neighborhood where there is such a thing as the Doughnut Vault 
 Lady in front of me playing 20 questions...it's Dunkins, not the bar exam ( Dunkin' Donuts (Merch Mart)) 
 Torrential downpour just started downtown. Hmmm, I should have gone out to grab coffee earlier
 Wonderful weather for a street fest. Chicago - I'm so disappointed in you but you're not going to break me!  
  sooo tempting! It's chilly and raining here...bad Chicago!!
 I legit just ate a double bacon cheeseburger and then another single bacon cheeseburger at Five Guys.  
  omg, yum!! I wish it was warm enough for BBQ in Chicago :(
 Why couldn't Amy Poehler have spoken at my college graduation?!? 
 I'm not even a cat person, but this is BEYOND adorable. Seriously. 
 OMG I love the Cutting Edge!! 
  super mega delicious!
  haha, you lil tease...congrats on finishing though!
 Full of happy...thanks  and    (plate by plate here: )
 Giddy with excitement!! ( Next Restaurant w/ 5 others) 
 This is NOT ok - it's almost JUNE!!!  
 My friends invite me to the coolest things...late dinner  It. is. ON.   
 YES! My big break RT  Just read on People.com that Andrew Garfield and his gf broke up. This is great news for  Go get him!
  j/k, it's just rain mixed with strong wind, but i wouldn't put hail past chicago :)
  it's hailing downtown...shoot me now
 Cramps and hail...oh joy
 Spent the last two hours catching up my faves on the phone! Now it can go back to being used strictly for texting and fun apps :)
 Um......Excuse me, when did it become winter again!?!?
 Good note. Thanks Chicago Theater! 
 I'm walking at a snail's pace and make weird noises when I have to move. Working out has officially turned me into an elderly person
 Ouch, if I'm this sore from my run yesterday, I can't even imagine what tomorrow will feel like 
  (oops - pressed send too soon) anyhoo - now it's all i can think about. i'll prolly have to make a special trip tomorrow :)
  ugh, i'm so jealous....i passed by one late last night and now it
 Have been craving Five Guys burger and fries all day long, but just had a vegetarian dinner. 
 Dear Five Guys, Please open up a River North location. ASAP would be great. Love, TC
 Ran for 10 mins outside and thought my heart was gonna burst. Mad respect to all my marathoning friends - you are super heroes :) 
  hehe, trust me, the sight of my unwashed face would have been even freakier :)
 Oh, there's the Chicago I know RT  The price we pay for a nice day?! RT  Tornado WATCH until 10pm for  area
 Chicago peeps - any good consignment shops that will give me good $$ for my clothes (some of which still have the tags - bad TC, I know)?
 But I may have unearthed next year's Halloween costume...roller girl!! (pardon the gut) 
 It's pretty mind-blowing how *many* things in my closet still have tags on them 
 In hindsight, it was wrong of me to run errands yesterday and stay inside to clean today.  
  jealous - I'm going in 2 weeks and can't wait!! Pls try not to get too excited tho and need to get escorted out in a wheelchair ;)
 Everyone is right. Bridesmaids is laugh til you cry, pee your pants funny. Kristin Wiig is my homegirl
 Going to XXX shops for bachelorette party favors on the day the world's ending. Save me a seat on the ride up to heaven, yeah? 
 I'm only going to say this once: I watched Never Say Never....and I enjoyed it.  
 Hit. after. hit. RT  You guys! Amazing stuff you need to see before rapture. Laughed till I cried. 
 Hello lover...wish he could be my wedding date this summer 
  so sorry to hear about your cousin...sending good thoughts your way!!
 After three weeks of neglect, I'm embarrassed to show my manicurist the state of my cuticles 
  your first stop for hot dogs should be hot doug's...but beware of the line 
 Benny the Bull just whizzed by me in a scooter. 
 There's nothing I don't love about  this season...except that it's ending tonight 
  yeah, that could totally work!! i might need to try that after all the damage i did shopping this weekend :)
 How are moms right...about everything? I'm not even right about what to wear for the day :)
 If the world is really going to end this Saturday....it shouldn't matter that I didn't work out tonight 
 I will say this about the unseasonably cool weather - it feels heavenly to fall asleep w/ the windows open. BUT IT'S MAY, SO WTF CHICAGO???
 I can wear my new fall outfit! 
 I made it all the way home without my pants falling down...success!! 
 Am now trying to find sly ways to pull up my zipper while I'm facing my stranger seatmates. 
 About to leave home on the MB & the top button of my pants popped off. Actually a rather perfect representation/end to my long weekend. 
 Almost told a lady off who told me to keep my cart away from her at Costco. I wasn't even close! Pretty sure she's racist. Or an old hag
 Mom ran into friends  Coach buying gifts to take back to Taiwan and is now buying purses bc they maxed out their limit. Oh. Good. Lord. 
 My parent's idea of sleeping in on a Sunday is 9:30 am. I'm beginning to think we're not related...
 I would pay for a Costco membership, for this alone.  Trying to figure out how I can pack this in my suitcase... 
  have fun!!
 I want to go to there...road trip    RT  Cedar Point is open for the season!
 Watched The King's Speech again...cue the waterworks. "Forget everything else & just say it to me, as a friend" CC   
 To buy or not to buy a hat from the truck stop...I mean, look at the bargains!! 
 Watching Harry Potter on the Megubus might not have been a good idea. 5 mins in and I'm already crying. Mind you, I've already seen it 
  so agreed! Tom can say no wrong in my book too...what a great season :)
  it's an embarrassing mix of current faves, like Adele, and then straight guilty jams like Hot Mess by cobra starship ;)
 I'd watch this forever RT  if you're not watching  you are denying yourself this, with music: 
 Just set my air conditioner to the arctic setting...I know it's not energy-efficient or whatever, but my apt needs to stop being a sweatbox
  oh shit - was that the finale?!!? uuuugggghh....
  YES!!!!! I love me some Adam Scott
  i love this show...know your boo!!
 I want to get drunk with Ron Swanson 
 Oh Chipotle, how I've missed thee...
 Oh yeaaaa, I'm the mayor of my Dunkins again!! All is right with the world :)
      boo - I'm going back to the mitten this wknd :( Drinks/dancing soon?!
 I've worn a different striped dress each day this week 
 Instead of doing work, I made my summer jamz playlist 
 Wow, it went from 0 to humid in no time!! It's pretty much the only consistent thing about Chicago weather....joy
  I told you - I was dying at the foreword :) Almost done with Jane Eyre and saving this for my trip home this wknd. Welcome back btw!
 Just got in a cab b/c there's a 100% chance I just flashed someone due to my skirt in the wind tunnel outside my office building 
 I'm going to CO in June!!  - will you be around the 14-19?!?!?!? Pls say yes....
  my food baby? he/she is :)
 Thanks Chicago wind for exacerbating a short-skirt situation. Very helpful, thanks.
 From the looks of my gut, I've either gained 5 lbs this weekend or I'm suddenly pregnant 
  you just tagged yourself in your own tweet...I think that's breaking some kind of Twitter law, right? ;)
  ha! Well, I locked myself in my apt so I wouldn't go to Nordstrom and deposited the $ before I could talk myself out of it ;)
 Depositing $ in savings instead of buying new sunnies. It took 27 yrs, but I'm starting to get the hang of this whole "responsibility" thing
 It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood...oh won't you be mine?
 Lazy Sunday with contortionist doggie extraordinaire 
 Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing mamas out there!! Can't wait to celebrate with my mommy when I go home next weekend :)
     save some for me!! On my way...
 Come on, let's play!! 
 I want to go home and drink wine through a bubble tea straw 
  haha, it really is the perfect way to express how we feel ;) I love being Auntie TC!
 Saw guy walk out of my work bldg w a tight tee/chest hair ablaze. Can only assume he was out all nite or just interviewed to be a cheeseball
 Today I met my arch nemesis. Me and the guy who ousted me as mayor of my Dunkins checked in at the same time. 
 Lil buddies 
 Man, there's a lot of humping going on tonight  
 Reunited...and it feels so good :) 
 I earned the iPhoner sticker on  
 I earned the Bootcamp sticker on  
 I am watching Top Chef Masters (w/175 others)   
  ugh, you go to the best advanced screenings!!!
 Packing to hang with  puppies...SQUEEEEEE!!!
  it's supposed to warm up this weekend...i'll keep my fingers crossed for you!! :)
 Really? I mean, really?!? A frost advisory in May?! 
 Sometimes I like to just sit and look at documents I'm supposed to be working on. Seriously  
 Its official. I want to marry my slow cooker.  
 Rushing home cuz I have Cornish hens wrapped in bacon waiting for me in my slow cooker. GAME ON!! :)
 I don't know why, but I really love this dress   via 
 Proudest. Day. Of. My. Life.  
 RT  LOVE  at the  Gala! What do you think? 
  AHAHHAHAHA I LOVE THIS TWEET!!
  no clue unfortunately - think it was a TV show though...keep me posted if you see any stars ;)
 This just doesn't seem big enough this morning...  
 RT  AMAZING! This photo, from  pretty much says it all. Photo:  /via 
 Mission accomplished RT  Love. RT  The internet is my favorite. 
 Crazy to think I was just about to go to bed when I thought I'd check my Twitter feed...now sleep is the last thing on my mind
 Wow RT  CNN reporting that POTUS gave the attack order while the world was watching the "royal wedding" 
 RT  I think I know what  2012 campaign slogan is going to be: Yes I Did.
 holla! RT  See what happens when you let gays serve in the military? (via 
 Ha, they've been after the wrong guy all along... RT  FOX News can't get it right anywhere.   
  score - glad to learn it's not just me!! also, i really need to clean more often...
 Bonus: I found a missing ring and glove!! 
 If you ever want to be horrified at how much time you spend on the couch, vacuum under the cushions. 
 Seth Meyers - will you marry me? 
 Love seeing articles about my birthplace! But weird that it's Rob Schneider...eh, whatever - Go Taiwan!! 
 I feel so much smarter now! RT  Tips to Take Your iPhone to the Next Level  RT  
 Bringing my old lady cart out for groceries. I look ridiculous but it's a must - there's a sale on coke and Oberon! 
 Anyone know why there are movie trailers by the Merchandise Mart on Kinzie and Wells? Want to go over and introduce myself :)
 Thanks EW Bullseye for saying what we were all thinking. Prince Harry is just too hot to be all royal...  
 I'm watching Nightmare on Elm Street. Alone. In my apartment. 
 Oh how I've missed wearing shorts. It feels like the first day of the rest of the rest of my life. 
 Damn you, InStyle...I want to rock this, but need to rock a budget more... 
  :)
  agreed! And the musical battle between Alec Baldwin and Condi Rice?! Dying
 My legs are freezing but I will wear a spring dress, damnit!
 Glad I didn't wake up early for  - a bit underwhelming. I'd be dripping in jewels/tulle but props to Kate for doing it her way
  sorry!! this is what happens cuz i don't have DVR and something is really, really, really, really funny :)
 Holy crap, is that Margaret Cho as Kim Jong Il on  Hilarious
 Given how cold it is, prolly wont be 60/sunny tomorrow but I'm gonna hold out hope as if I haven't lived here for yrs and should know better
 And now I just inhaled a hershey's bar. I think my tapeworm's back
  haha, i like that you have high standards :)
 I just took down a Rice Krispies treat in 2.3 seconds. It's a skill
  umm, i think you mean America is FAT. what family needs 16 frozen pizzas and a whole box of mentos?!?!?
 We should be better than this RT  Thank you  
  DO YOU HAVE CAKE?!?!?! ;)
 It's a damn shame that I don't have cake in my apartment right now. Will someone bring me some cake?
 Already. crying. RT  RT  New Harry Potter and The Deathly Hollows Part 2 trailer lands. Looks..dark. 
 All this rain and gloom makes it really hard to get out of bed in the morning 
 Man, that was a harsh ending. However, that Crawford kid was on. point. tonight. 
 Instead of going to work out tonight, I'm choosing to have two dinners. 
 Sundance is replaying My So Called Life on Tuesdays. Sundance is my new favorite channel  
 The only thing you need to do with a slower cooker is turn it ON. Guess what I forgot to do?? 
  umm, do you know that  exists?!? 
 Didn't get much work done tonight, but finding out embarrassing/hilarious things about your friends is far more productive methinks :)
 . introduced me to duck poutine. And I am forever indebted to her because of it.
