 Sophomore Slump? One Month In, Google+ Sees A Traffic Minus via  
 Six Tips for Using Google+ Now | Spin Sucks 
 To be Seen in Google Search, Publish Video in Law Firm Marketing  via 
 Latest post: Emerging opportunities for enterprise technology in law firms 
 Having just done this, I agree RT  4 Reasons Why a Blogging Break Might Prove a Good Idea  via 
 RT  How lawyers can improve -- and stress less about -- their oral arguments, trials and speeches 
 Very useful tools RT  Smart Marketing: Keep an Eye on Your Competitors.    
 Soaking in the pool on yet another 100+ degree day, reading "At Home: A Short History of Private Life" on the Kindle.  Seems appropriate.
 RT  Interesting article on the future, success of law firms  
 RT  Chris Brogan on Social Media Traps -- 5 ways to free up your time by dialing down tech use 
 RT  10 Creative Tumblr Blogging Ideas For When You Have Writers Block 
 For surveys, too RT  Gonna tweet about how great someone else's product is? Ask 'em to pay you. Not in product. Real money.
 Clients inspire solo lawyer  to create exciting mobile app for real-time collaboration    
 New post: Emerging opportunities for enterprise technology in law firms  
 RT  Calculate Your Blogging ROI in 9 Steps  via 
 Cheers! RT  Emerging Opportunities in Enterprise Technology for Law Firms  via 
 RT  Be Your Brand on a Smartphone, Too - Got  ?   
 RT  RT  RT  Google Plus tip - a list of Journalists on Google+  < list form  ...
 RT  12 Most Powerful Tools for Creating a Strong Digital Tribe  via 
 Thx! RT  Nice article on emerging technologies for legal industry via  Texas Bar Journal 
 But by far, storage/archiving. More cloud solutions are inevitable 
 Doc retention/storage, and security 
  For instance? 
 Speaking of eDiscovery, Google + is going to be a gold mine :) 
 Mobile needs to be in the mix as well. Beyond mobile versions of firm websites 
 Networked (not siloed), agile 
 Social enterprise capability could become a competitive advantage for early adopting law firms, esp. those working w/start-ups 
 Differentiated offering, lower transactional costs 
  Collaboration platforms that allow client access will become tablestakes w/in a few years among leading firms 
 Is OpenText accessible outside the enterprise (i.e. can clients also use it real time)? 
 If interested for later reading, there's an article of mine on the topic in this month's Texas Bar Journal  
 Firm IT committees can also act as organizational catalysts  
 More often than not RT  I think 'successful' is often not defined upfront with E20 initatives 
 Agreed RT  Q2 by working the cultural issues, removing current drivers that reward individual cowboy play 
 Successful enterprise deployments (e.g. CRM) start w/management's vision, the processes derive from that, then technology  mapped 
 Clients should always be the key driver. Anticipating/meeting/exceeding their needs/expectations 
  Ability is not the same as organizational will. Not an "if you build it..." model 
 And the difficulty lies in where to start among the three 
 As the old saying goes, it's about people, processes and technology 
 How are we defining social enterprise? 
 RT   suggests  Topic - Business Value of Enterprise Social Collaboration| join us Friday  11 am ET 
 Redesigning Your Website is Important in Law Firm Marketing  via 
 RT  Google's New "What Do You Love?" Campaign - Excellent Tool for Lawyers and Law Firms http:… (cont) 
 RT  Greatest Hits Vol 2: Top Five Technology Articles for Paralegals - 
 Can work on FB, not so much on Twitter| Should you hire someone to write your Facebook and Twitter posts?:  via 
 RT  What kinds of questions do your customers ask? Those are the long tail keywords for your biz  
 RT  Public Relations Lessons From Star Wars by   via 
 RT  Zurich lawsuit against Sony highlights cyber insurance shortcomings  
 RT  Google's New "What Do You Love?" Campaign - Excellent Tool for Lawyers and Law Firms 
 RT  Changes in the lawyer job market including forced retirement, computer searches, and outsourcing. 
 RT  Quality trumps quantity: Lesson for blogging lawyers from the NY Times 
 Google's New "What Do You Love?" Campaign - Excellent Tool for Lawyers and Law Firms  via 
 Still haven't gotten back into the Twitter rhythm after vacation.
 RT  My Latest: No Google Plus Business Pages Yet? Good!?  
 NO GOOGLE PLUS BUSINESS PAGES YET? GOOD!?  via 
 Last Chance to Register for "Using the Web and Social Media to Bring in New Clients"  via 
 50 Great Questions to Build Conversations in Law Firm Marketing  via 
 What to Wear to Win the Case for Male Attorneys  via 
 Be it ever so humble...Enjoyed my annual vacation swing through the upper midwest, but glad to be back in the saddle.
 RT  How To Maximize The Potential Of Your Blogging Tribe 
  Thanks for your kind invitation. It was fun. I would value the chance to do it again some time
 Ten Ways to Increase Word-of-Mouth Advertising  via 
 Gin and Topics: Creepy Old Guys and Memories | Spin Sucks 
 RT  RT  RT  Microsoft OneNote for Lawyers: 
  Entirely my pleasure. Thanks for the invite. 
 That's our time! Do good works and keep in touch! See you at the next chat  
 Thx for the great convo. Lots of ideas for us all to blog about :)  
  Excellent point. The Serendipity Effect!  
 Do you think it's possible to become a thought leader/successful content marketer w/o a blog, only FB, Legal OnRamp, Quora, etc.  
  Is your concern in that case compliance with bar rules, or branding?  
  I think podcasts are a great example. Delivering content in a format more  useful for certain audiences  
  Isn't that a function of the content itself, rather than the strategy or distro platforms?  
 Esp. for individuals and firms w/out a blog, there are alternatives for getting their content out there and discoverable  
 Video, Powerpoints, whitepaper .pdfs, etc. -- putting all content types to work outside a blog context  
  Now you're talking :)  
  Not sure whether they're on or not. Following the various Supra feeds on Twitter will give the best picture  
  Which is why I opened with SlideShare. Mature platform for content like presentations and video  
 It offers SEO goodness, as well as SME opportunity  
 To me, JD Supra should be a tablestake platform for any lawyer creating content  
 That's interesting  
 So there isn't much interest in optimizing website/blog SEO through other content distribution channels?  
  Have you considered other platforms for your content?  
   What about search? Does that play into your strategies?  
 I come at this topic from a "create once, publish everywhere perspective.  
  Fresh content or reposts from blogs? What's their approach? 
 What additional platforms have you found to be cohesive/consistent with your blog for establishing your expertise online? 
 For example, JD Supra, LegalOnramp and SlideShare 
 If you didn't have a chance to look at the topic Qs in advance, today's discussion will cover content marketing beyond blogging 
 Well, welcome all! 
 Natalie, ready to start? 
  All set here 
  I'm ready when you are 
 Join me at 11 a.m. ET today for  Discussing content marketing beyond blogging.
 Extend Your Reach on Twitter with Triberr  via 
  Absolutely!
 "Attorney" and "Lawyer" are Two of The Most Expensive Google AdWords  via 
 How To Translate Your LinkedIn Profile into Nine Languages  via 
 Poll: How quickly will Google+ overtake Facebook?  via 
 RT  Blog SMO Guide: How to Apply Social Media Optimization to Your Blog in 33 Steps  via  <g ...
 Revenue Per Lawyer at U.S. Firms Increased 9.5% in 2010  via 
 RT  CNN puts live news behind a pay wall  
 Great use of video: Three methods of purchasing a business via  
 RT  How Hard Is It to Hack WiFi?  
 July 22 11 am ET  Questions Posted        
 RT   It's possible to protest in both cities. Which is what I do. I'm one of those famed outside instigators, dontch ...
  Can you tweet link to Milbank video?
 RT  Reading: "Mid-size firms: We've got personality"    
 I'm risking irrelevance, but dialing social media activity WAY back while on vacation feels liberating.
 RT  Six Do's and Don'ts of Email Design  via 
 Tune up Your Online Bio So it Attracts More Leads  via 
 RT  The Dr. Who Tube Map  of the universe
 Tips and Articles about Google+ for Law Firm Marketing  via 
 RT  What can Janis Joplin teach you about writing?  via 
 How Clients Choose Lawyers  via 
 Registration now open for "Using the Web and Social Media to Bring in New Clients"  via 
 Twitter Usage by AmLaw 100 Firms  via 
 The Hottest Ticket in law firm marketing: A Google+ Invite  via 
   Thx for the great meet-up yesterday. Next time in Austin :)
 How Lawyers Can Use Twitter to Get Speaking Gigs  via 
 My new Texas Bar Journal article on the demographics of law firm technology  Let me know what you think 
 RT  New blog post: Consenus seems to be ABA Ethics 20/20 Commission Took Reasoned, Balanced Approach to Online Marketing http:// ...
  sounds great
   All set for Monday at 3! A big day!
  I would be honored! Let me know what you'd like me to do for prep
  Yep. Covert, Mich. Until Monday a.m. Then stopping in Chicago to see your buddy 
  Drove through a slice of IN yesterday on way to SW Michigan. I waved. Did you see me?
 RT  Google Plus: It's Early. | Myrland Marketing Minutes 
 Chief Marketing Officers Forum Crosses 500 Members  via 
 GOOGLE PLUS: IT’S EARLY BUT INTERESTING.  via 
 RT  6 Social Media Pain Points (and What to Do About Them)  via 
 Dan Schwabel: Brand the Lawyer, Not the Firm  via 
 Create a Simple Privacy Policy for Your Blog (Example Included) | TentBlogger  via 
 RT What the Heck Is Google+? | Spin Sucks 
 Diet Justice: Hurdle 16: Making use of Social Media:  via 
 RT  RT  Texas adopts the Uniform Collaborative Family Law Act 
 Thx! RT  New blog post - My State Bar of Texas Annual Meeting Wrap-Up  
 Cheers! RT  Social Media for Lawyers: Child Labor? Really?  via 
 Thank you! RT  Social Media for Lawyers: Child Labor? Really?  via 
 Thanks! RT  Social Media for Lawyers: Child Labor? Really?  via 
 Thx! RT  Just got my summary with top news from    & 22 others 
 RT  Lawyer Responds to Kids Video Dissing His Daughter with Cease & Desist Letters via  
 Gotta love that headline RT  That Website Ain’t Gonna Visit Itself  
 New blog post - Social Media for Lawyers: Child Labor as a Best Practice? Really?   
 RT  Lawyers and Law Firms on Facebook, Oh My!  via 
 RT  RT  Weekly wrap-up of iPad for Attorneys of courtesy of WalkingOffice 
 Done! RT       Post your sug… (cont) 
 Many Top Law Firms Have an Aversion to Blogs - News - ABA Journal 
 New blog post - My State Bar of Texas Annual Meeting Wrap-Up  
 ABA Commission on Ethics is Good News for Legal Marketing  via 
 Cheers! RT  My State Bar of Texas Annual Meeting Wrap-Up  via 
 Cheers! RT  My State Bar of Texas Annual Meeting Wrap-Up  via 
 Law Firm Marketing: How Unforgettable Are You?  via 
  Some legal marketers are breathing a sigh of relief. Others were looking for a wholesale reconception of marketing ethics for SM
 In other words, all occasions? RT   But what do we do on those occasions when good ethics is bad for business??
 ABA Commission on Ethics is Good News for Legal Marketing - 
 RT  Young Lawyers Blog | A Piece of Advice for Law Students: Understand Who Controls the Butter:  
 RT  Which? Or neither?: Apple's iPad or the Samsung Galaxy?   iPad far ahead in legal apps
 RT  RT  Latest Tip of the Week -- Learn to use Adobe Acrobat.  via 
 A shiny new law firm: 
 How lawyers can use an iPad for professional and business development: 
 New blog post - My State Bar of Texas Annual Meeting Wrap-Up  
 Part 3: Trending Topics & Thought Leadership with Hashtags  
  And by "address" I mean reasonably accommodate. Currently, client comments require monitoring/redaction/removal for compliance
  I think that unless they address ratings and reviews on social sites, legal social media will remain a marketing backwater.
 Looking forward to the discussions RT  RT  Ethics 20/20: Clarifications of Existin… (cont) 
 RT  Twitter 101: Five Steps to a Great Twitter Experience  
 78%of Executives See Social Business as Critical to Future Success  via 
 RT  New blog post: Prayer of a Stray 
 RT  Is your  using  to promote speaking engagements?   
  DUI lawyers
 RT  ABA’s guide to the ethical and legal complexities of departing a firm 
 It's all about the content. How Google is Helping Content Creators in Search Results  via 
 Cleveland's Tucker Ellis Named Top Workplace  via 
 RT  The Age of mCommerce: $31 Billion in Mobile Transactions by 2016  via 
 RT  RT  RT  "The Adaptable (Appellate) Lawyer,"  
 Are some firms too big to blog?  via 
 The Sources of New Business in Law Firm Marketing  via 
 Take the Survey of Legal Marketers and Lawyers about use of QR codes  via 
 How You Can Monitor Your Online Presence with Me On The Web  via 
 And a good number of them in Austin... RT   Not really. That could be 897 new solo practices.
 Hurrah? :) RT  TX is  in lawyer surplus! We have 897 extra lawyers! RT   
 People are just noticing this?: What Clarence Thomas's Video-Games Dissent Tells Us About 'Originalism' The Atlantic: 
 A must-read: Law Job Stagnation May Have Started Before the Recession-- May Be a Sign of Lasting Change ABA Journal 
 RT  The lawyer surplus, state-by-state. Missouri ranks 10th in terms of surplus. NYT  
 Define "needs" :) RT  every state but WI and NB (plus  D.C.) is producing many more lawyers than it needs. 
 David Ackert's "Silent Close"  via 
 RT  RT  Fastest-Growing Practice Areas? Health Care, Energy, Financial Services, Report Says 
 RT  When Oslers started client & matter pages, began by providing financial info on matters so lawyers cld see the burn rate
 RT  DID YOU KNOW: The most commonly used basis for a  is that the "marriage is irretrievably broken."
 Is Tumblr a possible blog alternative/differentiator for young lawyers? Thinking About Moving to Tumblr? | Spin Sucks 
 The Sources of New Business - updated video -  
 RT  Job-seeking Lawyers: avoid NY, consider WI, NB, DC “ 
 Thx! RT  RT  Law Firm Websites: Bios and Headshots vs. Marketing Speak  by 
 Essential productivity tools: Lawyers and Law Firms: Tweetdeck or Hootsuite?  via 
 Lawyers and Law Firms: Tweetdeck or Hootsuite?  via 
 Blog posts can be simple. Would be great on Tumblr: FTC Video:  Dealing with Debt Collectors  via 
 Better design is what QR codes need to really take off: 10 Creative Bar Code Designs [PICS]  via  
 Don't see the PR angle, but good links to SEO tips RT  SEO Resources for Public Relations  via 
 HOW TO: Re-package Your Best Content for More Exposure (and Links) 
 eDiscover as a weapon: The paper chase | The Economist  via 
