 IMPORTANT: Bing News RSS feed has moved!: Go to the new RSS page and renew your subscription. 
 IMPORTANT: Bing News RSS feed has moved!: Go to the new RSS page and renew your subscription. 
 Weather Story- Paducah, KY - WIBW: A cold front will approach the region today. Temperatures will heat up into the... 
 Paducah police warn of lottery phone scam - KFVS12: PADUCAH, KY (KFVS) - Paducah police warn residents in western ... 
 State accepting bids for Paducah armory site - Paducah Sun: Kentucky is offering the former Kentucky National Guar... 
 SCHATZ GOLDEN AT SILVER DOLLAR SPEEDWAY: WINS NIGHT  OF THE GOLD CUP RACE OF ... - Racing West: Cedar Lake Speed... 
 Candidates to debate in Paducah - Paducah Sun: U.S. Senate candidates Rand Paul and Jack Conway have agreed to a d... 
 Candidates to debate in Paducah - Paducah Sun: U.S. Senate candidates Rand Paul and Jack Conway have agreed to a d... 
 State Senate candidates battle over lawmakers' pensions in Lexington race - Lexington Herald-Leader: Bob Leeper of... 
 Rand Paul says Congress should start over on health care - Courier-Journal: PADUCAH, Ky. — Republican Senate candi... 
 Rand Paul says Congress should start over on health care - Courier-Journal: PADUCAH, Ky. — Republican Senate candi... 
 Paul Rails Against Health Care Law, - WSLS.com: PADUCAH, Ky. (AP) Republican Senate candidate Rand Paul says the h... 
 Conway campaign challenges Paul to series of debates - Lexington Herald-Leader: Paducah and Lexington. Conway also... 
 Conway campaign challenges Paul to series of debates - Lexington Herald-Leader: Paducah and Lexington. Conway also... 
 Crop hopes drying up - Lexington Herald-Leader: a National Weather Service meteorologist in Paducah, said the West... 
 Crop hopes drying up - Lexington Herald-Leader: a National Weather Service meteorologist in Paducah, said the West... 
 Drought hurting Ky. crops - Cincinnati.com: a National Weather Service meteorologist in Paducah, said the western ... 
 Web Winners: Research inflation, deflation to set investment strategy - Lexington Herald-Leader: But how does it p... 
 Drought pares harvest expectations for Ky. farmers - AP - msnbc.com: a National Weather Service meteorologist in P... 
 Fitch Releases Report on Paducah Power System, KY's 2010 Refunding Revenue Bonds - PR Inside: Fitch Ratings has pu... 
 Research on resting brains finds a lot going on even when idle - Paducah Sun: The resting brain is anything but id... 
 Process & Power to Offer Workshop on Optimizing Compressed Air Systems on ... - PRWeb: which will be offered Sept.... 
 Wrinkle improves scoring punch for unbeaten Heath - Paducah Sun: Drew Wrinkle spent more time than he cared to try... 
 9/8: Cooler with some rain today, major flooding elsewhere in TX - my FOX lubbock: Paducah to Spur to Snyder, it's... 
 Program to help mentally ill find jobs - msnbc.com: Communicare in Elizabethtown and Four Rivers in Paducah. Compr... 
 Pearl Alys Oesterwind of Coatesville - Daily Local News: Leadicker of Paducah, Ky., and her identical twin, Susan ... 
 Marion golf standouts set for college seasons - Star-Banner: will compete on Sunday in Paducah, Ky., at the Murray... 
 Marion golf standouts set for college seasons - Star-Banner: will compete on Sunday in Paducah, Ky., at the Murray... 
 Marion golf standouts set for college seasons - Star-Banner: will compete on Sunday in Paducah, Ky., at the Murray... 
 ABC Affiliates Surprised at Westin Departure - Broadcasting Cable: I think Westin is a smart guy and have a high o... 
 Cedartown local donates quilts to Children's Healthcare of Atlanta - Cedartown Standard: We even take vacations in... 
 Paducah, Kentucky, Author Publishes New Book - Melodika.net: Mark’s Life, a new book by Mary Ellen Brooking, has b... 
 National Symphony highlights KSO season - Cincinnati.com: the National Symphony Orchestra will also present concer... 
 Hundreds of nonprofits fail to file tax returns - Courier-Journal: youth sports associations and business developm... 
 Full Production Resumes Without Union Workers - WSIL TV: It could go as far over as Paducah," says Frayser. But ev... 
 Hundreds Of Kentucky Nonprofits Face Loss Of Status - msnbc.com: PADUCAH, Ky. (AP) - Hundreds of small nonprofit o... 
 Last graduates before integration reunited - Jackson Sun: She lives in Paducah, Ky., now. But her memories of gath... 
 Last graduates before integration reunited - Jackson Sun: She lives in Paducah, Ky., now. But her memories of gath... 
 Hundreds of Ky. nonprofits face loss of status - Kentucky New Era: PADUCAH, Ky. (AP) — Hundreds of small nonprofit... 
 Web Wealth: Inflation or deflation? Some online resources offer views - Philadelphia Daily News: But how does it p... 
 What a lovely day for a taste of the grape - The Southern: Judy Brown of Louisville and Joe Hardesty of Paducah ma... 
 Move over, football: Fall is all about returning TV - Paducah Sun: Some people love Christmas. Other people can’t ... 
 Future-telling maple tree dies - News Enterprise: according to National Public Radio and the Paducah Sun. Her hatc... 
 Report: QB Hunter Cantwell to join practice squad - Weblogs.baltimoresun.com: Hunter Cantwell, a second-year quart... 
 Hundreds of Ky. nonprofits face loss of status - Lexington Herald-Leader: PADUCAH, Ky. -- Hundreds of small nonpro... 
 Move over, football: Fall is all about returning TV - Paducah Sun: Some people love Christmas. Other people can’t ... 
 Web Wealth: Inflation or deflation? Some online resources offer views - Philadelphia Daily News: But how does it p... 
 Pink flamingoes deserve their place - Paducah Sun: America has had a love affair with plastic pink flamingoes ever... 
 What a lovely day for a taste of the grape - The Southern: Judy Brown of Louisville and Joe Hardesty of Paducah ma... 
 Chaminade runs past Roosevelt - St. Louis Post-Dispatch: Carnahan 0 • The Jaguars (1-1) bounced back strong after ... 
 Paul up by 15 in new poll that Conway campaign disputes - WHAS 11: and Paducah markets. "Well, certainly in the ea... 
 Is Paducah, Ky., a glimpse of Victoria's future? - Victoria Advocate: Share this item What is the Main Street prog... 
 Is Paducah, Ky., a glimpse of Victoria's future? - Victoria Advocate: What is the Main Street program? In recent m... 
 The Swinging Todd Hill Orchestra to return to APSU on Tuesday evening. - Leaf Chronicle: Memphis' famous Peabody H... 
 Pink flamingoes deserve their place - Paducah Sun: America has had a love affair with plastic pink flamingoes ever... 
 Notes: UK breaking in several new players - Lexington Herald-Leader: UK has five: TE Jon Davis (Eastern), WR Josh ... 
 DIRTcar Racing Weekly Points Update: Battles Head into Final with Schlenk ... - Who Won: Speedway and Aug. 27 at P... 
 Paducah singer Waldon crafts her Americana alongside all - Paducah Sun: Fans of Paducah’s Kelsey Waldon knew the f... 
 Paducah singer Waldon crafts her Americana alongside all - Paducah Sun: Fans of Paducah’s Kelsey Waldon knew the f... 
 Notes: UK breaking in several new players - Lexington Herald-Leader: UK has five: TE Jon Davis (Eastern), WR Josh ... 
 Fitch Rates Paducah Power System's Electric Revs 'A'; Outlook to Negative - PR Inside: Fitch Ratings assigns an 'A... 
 MARK MAYNARD: Teams represent Tomcat tradition - Daily Independent: Those Tomcats had to play Paducah Tilghman on ... 
 Mike Fields notebook: Sophomore Girl flirts with 59 - Lexington Herald-Leader: Paducah Tilghman senior receiver Jo... 
 A gift from the Chapmans - Paducah Sun: Imagine you’re in China. You’re standing inside Maria’s Big House of Hope,... 
 New school to exceed capacity on first day - Paducah Sun: McCracken County’s new consolidated high school will exc... 
 WP quilter sails into Iowa quilt show - Highlands Ranch Herald: The biggest is in Paducah, [Ky.] and anyone who kn... 
 Central-Ballard: Stars on display - Courier-Journal: losing to eventual 3-A champion Paducah Tilghman 24-21 in the... 
 Murray State drops season-opener at Kent State 41-10 - Examiner: Official Murray State athletics site The Racer In... 
 Doggy door bandits: Men admit breaking in through pet door - KFVS12: PADUCAH, KY (KFVS) - Police arrested two men ... 
 Doggy door bandits: Men admit breaking in through pet door - KFVS12: PADUCAH, KY (KFVS) - Police arrested two men ... 
 Ezell's passions church planting, adoption - BP News: ALPHARETTA, Ga. (BP)--When Kevin Ezell invited Buff and Ciss... 
 Virgil Pugh Jr., 69 - Princeton Times Leader: Virgil Pugh Jr., 69, of Marion died Tuesday, Aug. 31, 2010 at his ho... 
 Week 1 sees high-profile games for area teams - Plainview Daily Herald: Last year: New Deal won, 62-0. Last week: ... 
 Beshear films ad with candidate - Paducah Sun: Gov. Steve Beshear took time from his official schedule Wednesday t... 
 Texas Tech Football: A Call to Arms - Awaken Red Raider Nation! - Bleacherreport.com: As the first signs of light ... 
 Odd choices: Pick a day at beach, or in the tree stand - Paducah Sun: It won’t feel much like a frosty autumn day,... 
 Beilue: Witness to history - Amarillo Globe-Times: Grady Lane knew he was going to Japan, knew he was going to die... 
 Paducah, Kentucky, Author Publishes New Book - StreetInsider.com: This is the true story of a young boy whose drea... 
 Program will help those with mental illness join workforce - Ledger Independent: Wednesday marked the kick-off for... 
 Colleges partner with McKendree nursing program - Carmi Times: Officials from John A. Logan, Southeastern Illinois... 
 NAMB committee recommends Kevin Ezell for president - BP News: ALPHARETTA, Ga. (BP)--The presidential search commi... 
 Grumpy Old Men performing at Concert on the Lawn - Princeton Times Leader: Classy, sophisticated, smooth and swing... 
 Paducah police search for purse snatcher - KFVS12: PADUCAH, KY (KFVS) - Paducah police want help identifying a man... 
 Paducah police search for purse snatcher - KFVS12: PADUCAH, KY (KFVS) - Paducah police want help identifying a man... 
 Paducah police search for burglary, break-in suspect - KFVS12: PADUCAH, KY (KFVS) - Paducah police ask for help id... 
 Calvert City man takes aim at KSSA - Marshall County Tribune-Courier: BROOKS – Fifty-eight of Kentucky’s best skee... 
 Fallbrook galleries team up for printmaking month - North County Times: Back in fall 1994, a group of local young ... 
 AmerenUE to Change Name to Ameren Missouri - The Daily Dunklin Democrat: St. Louis, MO, ---AmerenUE customers toda... 
 UK football off to an exciting start - hazard-herald.com: UK’s new head football coach, Joker Phillips, stepped up... 
 Wildcats win All ‘A’ Region, advance to state tourney Sept. 11 - Cadiz Record: SALEM – In the school’s return to s... 
 Time to get your flu shot, but just one this year - Paducah Sun: WASHINGTON — It’s flu-shot season already, and fo... 
 The Lexington Herald-Leader, Ky., Mark Story column [The Lexington Herald-Leader ... - Insurance News Net: Aug. 31... 
 Houston continues Cardinals’ anguish - Paducah Sun: HOUSTON — Wandy Rodriguez pitched seven innings and three reli... 
 Bills' George Wilson passionate about community service - USA Today: PITTSFORD, N.Y. — On a cool August afternoon,... 
 Scattered showers could bring relief - The Southern: Rain showers may have been scattered throughout the region Mo... 
 Sheriffs back Conway in new TV ad - Paducah Sun: Democrat Jack Conway’s first television ad of the general electio... 
 Emergency responders meet to talk natural disasters - KFVS12: PADUCAH, KY (KFVS) - Emergency responders from six s... 
 Weather service: Abnormal dry spell to extend into September - Indianapolis Star: Half of Indiana is abnormally dr... 
 Weather service: Abnormal dry spell to extend into September - Indianapolis Star: Half of Indiana is abnormally dr... 
 Weather service: Abnormal dry spell to extend into September - Indianapolis Star: Half of Indiana is abnormally dr... 
 T.P. “Cotton” Payne - NRToday.com: T. P. “Cotton” Payne was born on April 29, 1922, in Paducah, Texas, to Wiley Pa... 
 10 Questions for 2010 Murray State Racers football - Examiner: With the season opener set for Thursday at Kent Sta... 
 College’s senior learning program includes dining, show opportunity - Paducah Sun: Dining at Patti’s 1800 Settleme... 
 Winning now takes backseat to profitability for Marlins, Pirates - Paducah Sun: Periodically throughout the season... 
 Short on cash, Massac County weighs more cuts, options - Paducah Sun: If Massac County, Ill., doesn’t come up with... 
 The Lexington Herald-Leader, Ky., Mark Story column [The Lexington Herald-Leader, Ky ... - Insurance News Net: Aug... 
 Ready for the worst - Paducah Sun: Emergency responders say the 2009 ice storm brought home the essential need for... 
 Family tradition at Reitz | GORDON ENGLEHARDT COLUMN - Evansville Courier-Press: It has been well-documented that ... 
 Bats' Klinker throws a clunker early for 6-2 loss to Toledo - Courier-Journal: Matt Klinker, a notoriously slow st... 
 Closed hotel holding giant yard sale - Cincinnati.com: PADUCAH - Like yard sales? You're likely to find something ... 
 Closed hotel holding giant yard sale - Cincinnati.com: PADUCAH - Like yard sales? You're likely to find something ... 
 TVA to idle coal-fired electric units in 2011 - Crossville Chronicle: The Tennessee Valley Authority, with a visio... 
 More barbecue for Paul, Conway - KFVS12: PADUCAH, Ky. (AP) - Another large western Kentucky church barbecue will s... 
 Firefighters tend to Calvert blaze - Paducah Sun: Calvert City firefighters block Oak Park Boulevard and Fifth Str... 
 Camper drowns in Kentucky Lake - Lexington Herald-Leader: MURRAY, Ky. -- Authorities have identified a western Ken... 
 Former students to celebrate 1-room school - Paducah Sun: Former students of the Woodland School plan to remember ... 
 Paducah's Executive Inn selling off its inventory - 14 WFIE: PADUCAH, Ky. (AP) - Like yard sales? You're likely to... 
 Jack Conway airs first TV ad - Cincinnati.com: LOUISVILLE - Democratic Senate candidate Jack Conway's first statew... 
 Conway airs first TV ad of general election - Herald-Dispatch: LOUISVILLE, Ky. — Democratic Senate candidate Jack ... 
 Nuclear safety remains issue - Everything Alabama Blog: A decision by the Tennessee Valley Authority to increase n... 
 Mayfield better than advertised after two games showcasing offense - Paducah Sun: MAYFIELD — So much for the theor... 
 Conway airs first TV ad of general election - WTVF: LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - Democratic Senate candidate Jack Conway... 
 Hurricane Katrina anniversary bears notice of work still undone - Paducah Sun: NEW ORLEANS — Gulf Coast residents ... 
 Local artists star in new exhibit - Paducah Sun: Two western Kentucky artists are featured in a new exhibit titled... 
 SALINE: Quilter to be featured speaker at Ladies' Day - Heritage: Patty Butzin, who enjoys sharing her knowledge o... 
 Country ham business cured over a century - Paducah Sun: Smith Broadbent Sr. and his wife, Anna “Grandma” Broadben... 
 Candidates to Speak in Paducah - WBKO: Another large western Kentucky church barbecue will soon put the spotlight ... 
 More barbecue for Paul, Conway - Herald-Dispatch: PADUCAH, Ky. (AP) — Another large western Kentucky church barbec... 
 More barbecue for Paul, Conway - WTVF: PADUCAH, Ky. (AP) - Another large western Kentucky church barbecue will soo... 
 Closed hotel holding giant yard sale - Lexington Herald-Leader: PADUCAH, Ky. -- Like yard sales? You're likely to ... 
 Moyer wins PIR’s World 50 - Paducah Sun: Billy Moyer won at Paducah International Raceway on Friday night, winning... 
 Wandering children concern police - Paducah Sun: Sheriff Kevin Byars sometimes thinks as a law enforcement officer... 
 SALINE: Quilter to be featured speaker at Ladies' Day - Heritage: Patty Butzin, who enjoys sharing her knowledge o... 
 SALINE: Quilter to be featured speaker at Ladies' Day - Heritage: Patty Butzin, who enjoys sharing her knowledge o... 
 Clovis part of scenic route - Portales News-Tribune: The route from Fort Worth, Texas to Las Vegas, N.M., is 639.8... 
 Clovis part of scenic route - Clovis News Journal: The route from Fort Worth, Texas to Las Vegas, N.M., is 639.8 m... 
 Murray upends Calloway 28-21 - Examiner: The Murray High Tigers beat the Calloway County Lakers at Roy Stewart Sta... 
 Cats disappoint in final scrimmage - Lexington Herald-Leader: Joker Phillips didn't mince words or try to hide his... 
 "Grandparent" scam circulating around Paducah - KFVS12: PADUCAH, KY (KFVS) - Paducah Police say scammers are preyi... 
 Forrest gives Tilghman winning tip - Paducah Sun: Josh Forrest used a defender’s logic to score Paducah Tilghman’s... 
 Lone Oak puts pressure on Tornado defense - Paducah Sun: Paducah Tilghman spent plenty of time playing defense aga... 
 SALINE: Quilter to be featured speaker at Ladies' Day - Heritage: Patty Butzin, who enjoys sharing her knowledge o... 
 Ownership of gated roads in Shawnee Forest contested - Paducah Sun: Years after the U.S. Forest Service placed gat... 
 Annual CP-1 reunion today - Daily Independent: ASHLAND — There will be plenty of Tomcat Testosterone in the air th... 
 County Hires Interim Administrator - Daily News- Record: LURAY, Aug. 24 —William C. “Bill” Rolfe started as Page C... 
 Benton's Mitchell starts the golf season on high note - The Southern: Benton senior golfer Andrew Mitchell has got... 
 Dragonfly hunt added to Insect Awareness and Appreciation Day - Daily Register: Dragonfly lovers have another reas... 
 West’s hat trick lifts Colonels to victory - Kentucky New Era: Mitch West scored three goals and Vontrae Lewis add... 
 Paris TN: Henry County Medical Center set to buy new equipment - Paris Post-Intelligencer: Henry County Medical Ce... 
 Watchdogs contend Shawnee plant, others need stiffer ash dump rules - Paducah Sun: Shawnee Fossil Plant is among 3... 
 Felon faces charges in threats against judge, family - Paducah Sun: A special judge will handle the case of a man ... 
 Phillips rides hot streak in MARS - News-Leader.com: Terry Phillips has been around the stock-car racing game long... 
 SALINE: Quilter to be featured speaker at Ladies' Day - Heritage: Patty Butzin, who enjoys sharing her knowledge o... 
 Groups to press EPA to do more on coal ash - Courier-Journal: LG&E’s Mill Creek power plant in Louisville and two ... 
 Livingston teen killed in crash - Paducah Sun: SMITHLAND — A Thursday morning wreck killed Austin Crouch, a sophom... 
 Mayfield mosque rejected - Murray State News: MAYFIELD, Ky. (AP) — A western Kentucky city has rejected a petition... 
 Softball honors - Paducah Sun: The Ky. Reign 14U softball team has completed its season. Team accomplishments: sta... 
 Horner Reunion - Wetzel Chronicle: The descendants of the late Joseph C. and Myrtle Morris Horner will hold a fami... 
 Groups to press EPA to do more on coal ash - Courier-Journal: LG&E’s Mill Creek power plant in Louisville and two ... 
 3 Kentucky coal-ash ponds on list for contaminated water - Lexington Herald-Leader: As the Environmental Protectio... 
 Paris TN: Henry Countian Delores Wyatt makes Paducah school dean’s list - Paris Post-Intelligencer: Henry Countian... 
 Mayfield, Kentucky man charged with trying to kidnap girl - Courier-Journal: The Paducah Sun reported the arrest o... 
 Mayfield man charged with trying to kidnap girl - Lexington Herald-Leader: MAYFIELD, Ky. -- Police in western Kent... 
 More organizations, possibly a celebrity getting involved in annual barbecue festival - Paducah Sun: More in-depth... 
 3/8 Drive finds niche with metal punk - Paducah Sun: Combining metal (think Tool) with punk undertones (think Misf... 
 Southmoreland football season tickets available - Pittsburgh Tribune-Review: Reserved season tickets for the 2010 ... 
 Southmoreland football season tickets available - Pittsburgh Tribune-Review: Reserved season tickets for the 2010 ... 
 Proposed mosque in Mayfield rejected - Courier-Journal: The Mayfield Board of Zoning Adjustment cited a lack of pa... 
 Conservative group fires first shot in U.S. Senate race ad war - Lexington Herald-Leader: An expected wave of outs... 
 Proposed mosque in Mayfield rejected - Courier-Journal: The Mayfield Board of Zoning Adjustment cited a lack of pa... 
 TVA to idle two units at Widows Creek Plant - Daily Sentinel: TVA will idle two of eight coal-fired units at its W... 
 Ad slams Conway over 'ObamaCare' - Cincinnati.com: FRANKFORT - A conservative political group is airing a TV ad in... 
 Ad slams Conway over 'ObamaCare' - Cincinnati.com: FRANKFORT - A conservative political group is airing a TV ad in... 
 Group's ad slams Democratic Ky. Senate candidate - AP - msnbc.com: A conservative political group is airing a TV a... 
 Group sinks $520,000 into TV ad attacking Ky. Dem Senate candidate for supporting ... - Chicago Tribune: FRANKFORT... 
 Group’s ad slams Democratic Ky. Senate candidate - Las Vegas Sun: Wednesday, Aug. 25, 2010 | 8:53 a.m. A conservat... 
 Jack Conway's support for health-care law criticized by conservative group's ad - Courier-Journal: FRANKFORT, Ky. ... 
 TVA to idle two units at Widows Creek Plant - Daily Sentinel: TVA will idle two of eight coal-fired units at its W... 
 TVA to idle nine coal-fired units totaling almost 1,000MW by 2011 - PennEnergy: The Tennessee Valley Authority, wi... 
 Trigg wins three straight after tie with Fort Campbell - Cadiz Record: This season began in a similar fashion to t... 
 BREAKING: Widow's Creek to reduce production - Daily Sentinel: TVA will idle two of eight coal-fired units at its ... 
 BREAKING: Widow's Creek to reduce production - Daily Sentinel: TVA will idle two of eight coal-fired units at its ... 
 FREAKLING BROS. MORTUARY - Associated Content: Sahara and Decatur BLVD. In 1995 just three years later Freakling B... 
 Around Kentuckiana | Thomas 4th in U.S. Amateur - Courier-Journal: St. Xavier High School senior Justin Thomas sho... 
 BREAKING: Widow's Creek to reduce production - Daily Sentinel: TVA will idle two of eight coal-fired units at its ... 
 Tigers coach thrilled that his 3 sons are in the minors - Detroit Free Press: Spending time at work with his sons ... 
 Tigers coach thrilled that his 3 sons are in the minors - Detroit Free Press: Spending time at work with his sons ... 
 TVA to eliminate some jobs at 3 coal plants - AP - msnbc.com: The Tennessee Valley Authority will eliminate about ... 
 TVA to idle 9 coal-fired units, including 6 at Widows Creek near Bridgeport - Everything Alabama Blog: Michael Mer... 
 TVA to shut down some jobs at 3 coal plants - Lexington Herald-Leader: CHATTANOOGA, Tenn. -- The Tennessee Valley ... 
 Tigers coach thrilled that his 3 sons are in the minors - Detroit Free Press: Spending time at work with his sons ... 
 Kentuck dog owner sentenced to three years in animal abuse case - Courier-Journal: MAYFIELD, Ky. — A western Kentu... 
 Dog owner sentenced in animal abuse case - Lexington Herald-Leader: MAYFIELD, Ky. -- A western Kentucky man will r... 
 Hounds play to a tie. - iHigh: The Reidland Greyhound soccer team played a tough hard fought match vs Paducah Tigh... 
 Withdrawal of attorneys may delay murder trial - Paducah Sun: MAYFIELD — Cathy Strong is tired of delays. In the 2... 
 State inmate escapes from western Ky. jail - Lexington Herald-Leader: HICKMAN, Ky. -- Jailers in Kentucky's southw... 
 Countrywide ID theft case settled - Omaha World-Herald: LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — A federal judge Monday granted fina... 
 Countrywide ID theft case settled - Omaha World-Herald: LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — A federal judge Monday granted fina... 
 Missouri watermelons loved in Tennessee - News-Leader.com: While back home in Tennessee for a holiday recently, I ... 
 Countrywide ID theft case settled - Omaha World-Herald: LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — A federal judge Monday granted fina... 
 Countrywide ID theft case settled - Omaha World-Herald: LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — A federal judge Monday granted fina... 
 Countrywide ID theft case settled - Omaha World-Herald: LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — A federal judge Monday granted fina... 
 Countrywide customers to get ID theft monitoring - USA Today: LOUISVILLE — A federal judge on Monday granted final... 
 KSP look for escaped Fulton Co. inmate - KFVS12: HICKMAN, KY (KFVS) - Fulton County authorities are searching for ... 
 Cyble B. Trimm, 90 - Princeton Times Leader: Cyble B. Trimm, 90, of Reidland and formerly of Between the Rivers, d... 
 Man dives into shallow water, dies in lake - Lexington Herald-Leader: GILBERTSVILLE, Ky. -- A man has died after d... 
 Developers fish for financing for Asian carp processing center - Paducah Sun: Economic developers and private indu... 
 Monday Morning Notes : 2010 Patriots join 60 point club - Examiner: The Allen County-Scottsville 64-7 win over But... 
 Somalis want new mosque in western Ky. - Lexington Herald-Leader: MAYFIELD, Ky. -- A group of Somali natives is pe... 
 Norton, U of L extend pediatric services to Paducah hospital - Business First: Norton Healthcare Inc. and the Univ... 
 Supporters attend Paducah pastor’s arraignment - Paducah Sun: The Rev. Charles E. Dunbar’s friends and fellow mini... 
 Land Between the Lakes holds off on burn ban - Leaf Chronicle: GOLDEN POND, Ky. (AP) — The U.S. Forest Service is ... 
 Weekly weather and crop bulletin - North Texas e-News: Highlights: Heavy rainfall again pounded the western Corn B... 
 Land Between the Lakes holds off on burn ban - Lexington Herald-Leader: GOLDEN POND, Ky. -- The U.S. Forest Servic... 
 Kentucky wineries savor their many awards - Lexington Herald-Leader: "Kentucky's wine industry is back," Agricultu... 
 Coca-Cola distributor recalls products in Hopkinsville - Kentucky New Era: A truck driver from the Coca-Cola Bottl... 
 Paris TN: Paducah KY television station, WPSD, hosts "What's it worth" at the Henry ... - Paris Post-Intelligencer... 
 Three arrested on meth charges in Paducah - KFVS12: MCCRACKEN COUNTY, KY (KFVS) - Detectives with the McCracken Co... 
 Paris TN: Paducah KY television station, WPSD, hosts "What's it worth" at the Henry ... - Paris Post-Intelligencer... 
 Paducah Bridge over Tennessee River to be Completed - WBKO: Kay and Kay Construction Co./Haydon Bridge Company sub... 
 Paducah Bridge over Tennessee River to be Completed - WBKO: Kay and Kay Construction Co./Haydon Bridge Company sub... 
 Paducah man charged with transporting stolen firearms - KFVS12: PADUCAH, KY (KFVS) - A Paducah man faces several c... 
 Paducah man charged with transporting stolen firearms - KFVS12: PADUCAH, KY (KFVS) - A Paducah man faces several c... 
 Paducah man indicted on transportation and shipment of stolen firearms - WHAS 11: PADUCAH, KY - A federal grand ju... 
 Paducah police want help finding thieves - KFVS12: PADUCAH, KY (KFVS) - Paducah police want help identifying two p... 
 Paducah police want help finding thieves - KFVS12: PADUCAH, KY (KFVS) - Paducah police want help identifying two p... 
 H.B. Fuller to expand in Paducah - Business First: Manufacturer H.B. Fuller Co. plans to invest $825,000 to expand... 
 Adhesive company HB Fuller adding 11 jobs in Paducah, Ky., expansion - Washington Examiner: PADUCAH, KY. — A manuf... 
 HB Fuller expanding in Paducah - Courier-Journal: PADUCAH, Ky. — A manufacturer of sealants and adhesives is expan... 
 HB Fuller expanding in Paducah - Lexington Herald-Leader: PADUCAH, Ky. -- A manufacturer of sealants and adhesives... 
 Wild hog herds spreading in the Commonwealth - Paducah Sun: OWENSBORO — Kentucky wildlife officials say herds of w... 
 Paducah man has comic collection to keep up with nation’s growing interest - Paducah Sun: Leroy Harper, 48, gets a... 
 Conway, Paul trade barbs in Paducah - Charleston Gazette: PADUCAH, Ky. (AP) - Democratic Senate hopeful Jack Conwa... 
 Rice, Smith headline NFL Hall of Fame inductions - Paducah Sun: Jerry Rice was the 16th name called in the 1985 NF... 
 Conway, Paul trade barbs in Paducah - Fox41.com: PADUCAH, Ky. (AP) -- Democratic Senate hopeful Jack Conway on Fri... 
 Paducah man in prison for child rape - Union City Daily Messenger: PADUCAH, Ky. (AP) — A Paducah man who authoriti... 
 Paducah man in prison for child rape - NWTN Today: PADUCAH, Ky. (AP) — A Paducah man who authorities say used his ... 
 Paducah police look for woman accused of robbing check-cashing business - KFVS12: PADUCAH, KY (KFVS) - Paducah pol... 
 Adhesive manufacturing plant in Paducah to add 11 jobs - KFVS12: PADUCAH, KY (KFVS) - Governor Steve Beshear along... 
 AT&T promises Paducah area 3G service this month - Paducah Sun: AT&T customers with iPhones and smartphones will h... 
 3G service in Paducah area within days - Paducah Sun: McCracken County owners of AT&T IPhones and smartphones will... 
 Prosecutors want mental exam of Paducah school shooter - Herald-Dispatch: LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — Prosecutors want ... 
 Ky. to host National Symphony's 2011 residency - Lexington Herald-Leader: Here is a list of all confirmed full-orc... 
 Paducah man goes to prison for child rape conviction - NWTN Today: PADUCAH, Ky. (AP) — A Paducah man who authoriti... 
 Paducah man goes to prison for child rape conviction - Union City Daily Messenger: PADUCAH, Ky. (AP) — A Paducah m... 
 Paducah Man Sentenced For Sex Solicitation - WBKO: He used a go-cart business to solicit boys for sex, and now his... 
 Paducah man goes to prison for child sex - Lexington Herald-Leader: PADUCAH, Ky. -- A Paducah man who authorities ... 
 3G service headed to Paducah area - Paducah Sun: AT&T officials will announce Thursday when the company will bring... 
 Cutting costs dominates Board of Education meeting - Grayson County News-Gazette: Saving money and making cutbacks... 
 Evansville weather: Friday looking good - Evansville Courier-Press: EVANSVILLE — Here’s a prediction. You’re going... 
 Veteran Services - Wetzel Chronicle: The Wheeling Vet Center provides services in Wetzel County every Thursday fro... 
 Spikes bring home a World Series title - Evansville Courier-Press: EVANSVILLE — The Southern Indiana Spikes, a tra... 
 Cape Cod League All-Stars Relish Opportunity to Play at ... - NESN.com: On Wednesday night, some of the best colle... 
 Call is out for EMS members - Princeton Times Leader: The membership drive for Caldwell County EMS wraps up Saturd... 
 Fred H. Cotton, 69 - Princeton Times Leader: Fred H. Cotton, 69, of Eddyville, died Monday, July 26, 2010, at 7:48... 
 Southern Jews and the Confederacy - Jewish Press: Virginia Governor Robert F. McDonnell's recent proclamation of C... 
 Thank God it's sundaes at local Krispy Kreme - Courier-Journal: Legend has it that in 1933 Vernon Rudolph and his ... 
 Kickoff Quotes - Scout.com: Football in the Commonwealth is set to get started in just over a month. Scout Kentuck... 
 Slew of Republicans considering run for governor - Lexington Herald-Leader: FRANKFORT — A slew of Republicans are ... 
 Thank God it's sundaes at local Krispy Kreme - Courier-Journal: Legend has it that in 1933 Vernon Rudolph and his ... 
 Slew of Republicans considering run for governor - Lexington Herald-Leader: FRANKFORT — A slew of Republicans are ... 
 Southern Illinois man killed in car-train collision - Evansville Courier-Press: PADUCAH, Ky. — A car-train collisi... 
 Man enters plea deal in killing - Kentucky Post: PADUCAH, Ky. - A judge in Paducah has sent a man to prison for 25... 
 MSU Volleyball Team wins OVC Team Academic Award again - Morehead News: July 27, 2010 — For the third consecutive ... 
 Katherine Pack - Kentucky New Era: PRINCETON, Ky. — Graveside services for Katherine Pack, 80, Princeton, were sch... 
 Athletic Hall of Fame announced - Marshall County Tribune-Courier: DRAFFENVILLE – The 2010 Marshall County Athleti... 
 Tuition, fee hikes approved for Kentucky Community and ... - Business Courier: The Council on Postsecondary Educat... 
 Western Kentucky Man Enters Plea Deal In Killing - msnbc.com: PADUCAH, Ky. (AP) - A judge in Paducah has sent a ma... 
 Construction delays could lock up river - msnbc.com: Engineers and inspectors descended into the emptied lock at t... 
 SHERMAN: Mitchell marks decades serving community - North County Times: It's hard to think of many public relation... 
 Is the recession over? - Examiner: In a recent Los Angeles Times article, a panel of economists reported that the ... 
 Construction delays could lock up river - Chattanooga Times Free Press: Engineers and inspectors descended into th... 
 Katherine A. Pack, Caldwell County native - Princeton Times Leader: Caldwell County native Katherine A. Pack passe... 
 David Ray Fraser, 65 - Princeton Times Leader: David Ray Fraser, 65, of Tacloban, Philippines, formerly of Kuttawa... 
 Twenty-Seven Extendicare Health Centers Earn National ... - PR Inside: MILWAUKEE, WISCONSIN -- (Marketwire) -- 07/... 
 Danville starts amateur film festival - Kentucky Post: DANVILLE, Ky. - Danville is inviting amateur directors to s... 
 JEREMY HAMILTON RACING  - Flattrack.com: Sorry my reports are a little late; I was in Denver, CO last week at ... 
 Hearing set for February in case of school shooter - Kentucky Post: LOUISVILLE, Ky. - A high school shooter who ki... 
 Week's weather forecast is a model of consistency - Evansville Courier-Press: EVANSVILLE — Get out the cookie cutt... 
 Business briefs: Cigna Government Services could add ... - Nashville Tennessean: A Nashville-based company that pr... 
 Nashville business briefs: Cigna Government Services ... - Nashville Tennessean: A Nashville-based company that pr... 
 Flatboat’s ’76 voyage remembered - Mountain Press: One of the fun things about moving to a new community is findin... 
 Sunday's Kentucky state swimming championships results - Courier-Journal: Open 800 freestyle relay – 1, Wildcat Aq... 
 Senior British Open | Langer finally has Champions ... - Courier-Journal: Bernhard Langer said he always wanted to... 
 Senior British Open | Langer finally has Champions ... - Courier-Journal: Bernhard Langer said he always wanted to... 
 Are you the future Steven Speilberg? Danville, Kentucky ... - Courier-Journal: DANVILLE, Ky. — Danville is invitin... 
 Weddings and engagements - Daily News Journal: John and Sandra Davoli of Jacksonville, Fla., announce the engageme... 
 Main Hed - Reno Gazette: Computer Services Inc. Headquarters: Paducah, Ky. Description: Computer Services Inc., to... 
 Are you a future steven Speilberg? Danville, Kentucky's ... - Courier-Journal: DANVILLE, Ky. — Danville is invitin... 
 Danville starting amateur film festival - Lexington Herald-Leader: DANVILLE, Ky. -- Danville is inviting amateur d... 
 McConnell's influence could grow | ANALYSIS - Evansville Courier-Press: WASHINGTON — Sen. Mitch McConnell couldn't... 
 Weddings and engagements - Daily News Journal: John and Sandra Davoli of Jacksonville, Fla., announce the engageme... 
 Donald Merideth - Southeast Missourian: Donald G. Merideth, 57, of Cape Girardeau died Thursday, July 22, 2010, at... 
 Kentucky State swimming championships results from July ... - Courier-Journal: 13-14 medley relay – 1, Lakeside A,... 
 Kentucky State swimming championships results from July ... - Courier-Journal: 13-14 medley relay – 1, Lakeside A,... 
 Kentucky State swimming championships results from July ... - Courier-Journal: 13-14 medley relay – 1, Lakeside A,... 
 Owensboro looking into incentives for musicians - Courier-Journal: OWENSBORO, Ky. — The sponsors of a western Kent... 
 Judge sets February, 2011 as date to review Michael ... - WHAS 11: (WHAS11) Nearly 13 years after the Kentucky tee... 
 Owensboro looking into incentives for musicians - Lexington Herald-Leader: OWENSBORO, Ky. -- The sponsors of a wes... 
 Owensboro looking into incentives with aim of creating ... - WHNT-TV: OWENSBORO, Ky. (AP) — The sponsors of a west... 
 Doanld G. Meredith - Daily Statesman: Donald G. Merideth, age 57, died July 22, 2010 at Saint Francis Medical Cent... 
 Health Effects Of Occupational Exposures In Paducah ... - Medical News Today: A five-year study into the causes of... 
 Hot, hotter, hottest... What's next?!? - Evansville Courier-Press: EVANSVILLE — The highest temperatures of the su... 
 Donald Merideth - Southeast Missourian: Donald G. Merideth, 57, of Cape Girardeau died Thursday, July 22, 2010, at... 
 The heat is on! Weather advisory in effect for area - Evansville Courier-Press: Hot and humid. That's the forecast... 
 Hearing set for February in case of Paducah school ... - KFVS12: LOUISVILLE, KY (AP) - A high school shooter who k... 
 Hearing Set For February In Case Of Kentucky School ... - msnbc.com: LOUISVILLE (AP) - A high school shooter who k... 
 Hearing set for February in case of school shooter - WKYT 27: LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - A high school shooter who kil... 
 911 Center to Use Text Messaging - WBKO: BENTON, Ky. (AP) -- A western Kentucky 911 center is using text messages ... 
 New retailer headed by former Elder-Beerman CEO opening ... - Dayton Daily News: NILES — Linens & More For Less! —... 
 Western Kentucky County Turns To Texting For 911 Alerts - msnbc.com: BENTON, Ky. (AP) - A western Kentucky 911 cen... 
 Western Ky. county turns to texting for 911 alerts - Lexington Herald-Leader: BENTON, Ky. -- A western Kentucky 91... 
 Things are looking up for Mitchell’s Wildcats - Corbin Times-Tribune: Lynn Camp coach David Mitchell enters his 34... 
 Don’t expect relief from heat soon - The Southern: ALAN ROGERS ALAN ROGERS / THE SOUTHERN Mason Davis, 9, of Carbo... 
 Evansville could see hottest temps of the year - Evansville Courier-Press: EVANSVILLE — The hottest temperatures o... 
 Study focuses on health issues of PGDP workers - News-Medical.Net: A five-year study into the causes of deaths of ... 
 Stephanie Tucker - The Southern: CARBONDALE - Stephanie Renee Tucker, 43, formerly of Metropolis, died Saturday, J... 
 Buff Cobb; actress explored topical TV with Mike ... - Boston Globe: Actress Buff Cobb — who cohosted one of CBS’s... 
 Hitting the courts - The Southern: ALAN ROGERS ALAN ROGERS / THE SOUTHERN Shanaz Daneshdoost returns a volley to A... 
 Linens & More flagship store opens Friday - Vindy.com: Startup national retail chain Linens & More For Less! will ... 
 Blasting begins for larger lock - NWTN Today: LAKE CITY, Ky. (AP) — Blasting is getting under way to double the si... 
 Louisville football open house will be held Aug. 15 - Courier-Journal: The annual University of Louisville footbal... 
 Blasting begins for larger lock - Union City Daily Messenger: LAKE CITY, Ky. (AP) — Blasting is getting under way ... 
 Grand jury to hear charges in Wynn home invasion case - Murray Ledger & Times: Whether or not two men accused in t... 
 Braden Kapteyn, Chad Wright Earn Cape All-Star Honors - WKYT 27: CAPE COD, Mass. -- Kentucky juniors Braden Kaptey... 
 Harrison E. Miner - Saratoga.com: Schuylervlle - Harrison E. Miner, 78, a resident of Route 29 in Schuylerville, p... 
 Dyersburg Electric president says TVA sales down - State Gazette: Dyersburg Electric System President and CEO Jimm... 
 Rand McNally releases 2011 motor carrier atlas - Fleet Owner: All-new, completely revised state and province maps ... 
 Study describes health effects of occupational ... - EurekAlert: A five-year study into the causes of deaths of wo... 
 Heat advisory in effect this afternoon - Evansville Courier-Press: EVANSVILLE — The National Weather Service in Pa... 
 Paul challenges Conway to six debates - WHAS 11: With Jack Conway and Rand Paul set to both appear at a Kentucky F... 
 Dorothy Estes - The Southern: CAIRO - Dorothy L. Estes, 87, of Paducah, formerly of Cairo, died Monday, July 19, 2... 
 Artworld Events - The Southern: Olympian art presenter: Skip Cutting, 7 p.m. Thursday, July 22, Little Egypt Arts ... 
 Dorothy Estes - Southeast Missourian: CAIRO, Ill. -- Dorothy L. Estes, 87, of Paducah, Ky., formerly of Cairo, die... 
 Veteran Services - Wetzel Chronicle: The Wheeling Vet Center provides services in Wetzel County every Thursday fro... 
 Series Lernerville event report - Motorsport.com: Lance Dewease & Joey Saldana Split Twin 30's While Donny Schatz ... 
 Blasting Set To Begin At Kentucky Dam - msnbc.com: LAKE CITY (AP) - Blasting is about to begin to double the size ... 
 William 'Bill' L. Gander — Rochester - Post-Bulletin: ROCHESTER — The Mass of Christian Burial for William "Bill" ... 
 William 'Bill' L. Gander — Rochester - Post-Bulletin: ROCHESTER — The Mass of Christian Burial for William "Bill" ... 
 Live music events in Dallas-Fort Worth, July 22-25 - Pegasus News: We all know by the obnoxious radio advertisemen... 
 Blasting beginning for larger lock at Kentucky Dam - Jackson Sun: LAKE CITY, Ky. (AP) — Blasting is getting under ... 
 Incentives Available for Motorcycle Rider Education ... - EKU news center: The Kentucky Motorcycle Rider Education... 
 Incentives Available for Motorcycle Rider Education ... - EKU news center: The Kentucky Motorcycle Rider Education... 
 Blasting beginning at Kentucky Dam for larger lock - Evansville Courier-Press: LAKE CITY, Ky. — Blasting is gettin... 
 ADA advocates to celebrate law in Paducah - KFVS12: FRANKFORT, KY (AP) - Advocates for the Americans with Disabili... 
 Blasting beginning for larger lock - Lexington Herald-Leader: LAKE CITY, Ky. -- Blasting is getting under way to d... 
 Panel Discussing Raising Huntington Radiation Exposure ... - HuntingtonNews.Net: Huntington, WV (HNN) – A world re... 
 GUEST COLUMN: Sen. Jim Bunning - Cincinnati.com: With the passing last week of baseball icon and New York Yankees ... 
 ADA advocates express appreciation for federal law - Lexington Herald-Leader: FRANKFORT, Ky. -- Advocates for the ... 
 Ky. racing commission OKs 'Instant Racing,' paving way ... - Lexington Herald-Leader: The Kentucky Horse Racing Co... 
 Joshua L. Robbearts - Alva Review-Courier: Memorial services for Joshua Lee Robbearts, of Camden, age 30, were hel... 
 Robin Woolard - Owensboro Messenger-Inquirer: Robin Woolard, 67, of Cadiz, formerly of Owensboro, died Monday, Jul... 
 Deferring bond payments will cost state $139 million - Cincinnati.com: FRANKFORT - The General Assembly's recent d... 
 Ohio River commission considering allowing more mercury ... - Courier-Journal: A multi-state commission that sets ... 
 Deferring bond payments will cost state $139 million - Courier-Journal: FRANKFORT, Ky. -- The General Assembly's r... 
 Talented defender helped Tilghman to title - Scout.com: Paducah Tilghman is loaded with great athletes and one of ... 
 Deferring bond payments will cost state $139 million - Courier-Journal: FRANKFORT, Ky. -- The General Assembly's r... 
 Motorcyclist killed in crash with car - KFVS12: PADUCAH, KY (KFVS) - A man driving a motorcycle was killed Tuesday... 
 Tri-State braces for another rounds of afternoon storms - Evansville Courier-Press: The Tri-State could see anothe... 
 Talented defender helped Tilghman to title - Scout.com: Paducah Tilghman is loaded with great athletes and one of ... 
 Talented defender helped Tilghman to title - Scout.com: Paducah Tilghman is loaded with great athletes and one of ... 
 Soldiers, Airmen hone life-saving skills at Global ... - United States Army: FORT GORDON, Ga., (Army News Service,... 
 Man on motorcycle struck by lightning in Henderson, Ky. - Evansville Courier-Press: Sun or cloud cover? That's the... 
 Department of Labor Referred to Portion of Huntington ... - HuntingtonNews.Net: Huntington, WV (HNN) – Let’s set t... 
 Crash closes I-24 bridge for cleanup - The Southern: A collision involving a pickup truck and semitrailer Monday o... 
 Crash closes I-24 bridge for cleanup - The Southern: A collision involving a pickup truck and semitrailer Monday o... 
 Man on motorcycle struck by lightning in Henderson, Ky. - Evansville Courier-Press: Sun or cloud cover? That's the... 
 ASU's Hall tabbed preseason SBC Defensive Player of the ... - Today's THV: Arkansas State senior defensive tackle ... 
 Moore family roars in Kentucky Vintage Racing ... - Murray Ledger & Times: There's not much that Murray auto body ... 
 TeleTech hiring 275 more workers in East Bremerton - Tacoma News Tribune: Olympia: Justices to hear case of fired ... 
 Chat With WHNT NEWS 19's New Sports Team! - WHNT-TV: HUNTSVILLE, AL - We're introducing a brand new sports team at... 
 Two die in crash near Metropolis - Carmi Times: Two people are dead as the result of a one-vehicle crash occurring... 
 Will Evansville escape worst of heat wave? - Evansville Courier-Press: EVANSVILLE — Sun or cloud cover? That’s the... 
 American Legion district pairings set - Princeton Times Leader: The Lyon County Post 68 Aces baseball team has ear... 
 The Rev. James Redd, 70 - Princeton Times Leader: The Rev. James Redd, 70, of Kuttawa, died Friday, July 16, 2010,... 
 Obituary: Vevia Sue Best - Advocate Messenger: HARRODSBURG — Vevia Sue Best, 54, of Harrodsburg died Saturday. Bor... 
 Staying connected on the plains - St. Augustine Record: After visiting the birthplace of that great American John ... 
 Do Not Trust Cornyn or McConnell on Spending Cuts - Article.nationalreview.com: S en. Mitch McConnell, the Republi... 
 Leaking a Little More About Huntington’s Once Secret ... - HuntingtonNews.Net: Huntington, WV (HNN) – The memories... 
 Danville adds Lawn Chair to list of Kentucky film ... - Lexington Herald-Leader: Entries are being accepted for th... 
 Americans with Disabilities Act marks 20 years - Daily Independent: ASHLAND — Sandy Radford has learned through he... 
 Men's Golf: Jordan Blann Gathers Second Professional ... - University of Kentucky Official Athletic Site: PADUCAH,... 
 Thomas Samples - The Southern: CREAL SPRINGS - Thomas "Tom" L. Samples, 81, of Creal Springs, passed away at 8:30 ... 
 Danville adds Lawn Chair to list of Kentucky film ... - Lexington Herald-Leader: France has the Cannes Film Festiv... 
 Series Rossburg Kings Royal ... - Motorsport.com: Another Crown for Steve Kinser: Wins Seventh Kings Royal at Eldo... 
 'Life has been a lot like a big dish of ice cream' - Jackson Sun: Meet Clarence "C.O." Hays, a 90-year-old newcome... 
 'Life has been a lot like a big dish of ice cream' - Jackson Sun: Meet Clarence "C.O." Hays, a 90-year-old newcome... 
 Study finds drugs, chemicals in Ohio River - Cincinnati.com: Dozens of chemicals and pharmaceuticals - antidepress... 
 Shooting death separates teen friends who couldn't be ... - Lexington Herald-Leader: The two boys had been close f... 
 Death notices, 7/18 - Standard-Times: SAN ANGELO - Tommy David Evans, 75, died Saturday, July 10, 2010. Service wa... 
 Series Rossburg Friday report ... - Motorsport.com: Back on Top: Joey Saldana Wins Knight Before Kings Royal & Ret... 
 Enquirer names new sports editor - Cincinnati.com: Barry Forbis, a former sports editor at the Cincinnati Post, ha... 
 Calloway County School System adds two new ... - Murray Ledger & Times: Two new faces are making the rounds in the... 
 Enquirer names new sports editor - Cincinnati.com: Barry Forbis, a former sports editor at the Cincinnati Post, ha... 
 Lexington offense fizzles minus Martinez - Lexington Herald-Leader: The Lexington Legends, in their first game of ... 
 Two versions of Buster Keaton's Steamboat Bill, Jr ... - News-Democrat: "Steamboat Bill, Jr." was Buster Keaton's ... 
 Quilter's show unsure about return to Knoxville after ... - WBIR: American Quilter's Society (AQS) moved it's summ... 
 Quilter's show unsure about return to Knoxville after ... - WBIR: American Quilter's Society (AQS) moved it's summ... 
 Paducah man killed in motorcycle crash near Boaz - KFVS12: PADUCAH, KY (KFVS) - A Paducah man died Friday morning ... 
 Paducah man killed in motorcycle crash near Boaz - KFVS12: PADUCAH, KY (KFVS) - A Paducah man died Friday morning ... 
