 Mine is! Send me a machine.RT  Hi Pristina, from 5WPR on behalf of Krups Coffeemakers: My name isn't <<First Name>>
 Spammer using the famous  National Geographic girl of Afghanistan as an avi 
 Let me know if you do. Cf. Dianetics RT  I have to figure out how to get people to pay money for philosophy.
 My autocorrect just changed "about" to "abort." Time to reevaluate my life choices. /via 
 Man, born of woman: His days are few, his belly full of rage. Reality-tv program puts his suffering foolishness upon the stage. 
 Ffox barely runs on PC, skeptical their code will be efficient on phone! RT  Android’s So-Called Openness Threatened by Mozilla…
  they aren't, it isn't. I've only been there when lost on 610, but it looked like refineries.
 Put my daughter on bus to camp.  NYT tells me I did it wrong. 
  lol, thanks, it's a mammal. Also, there's no good commute unless it's across your house&involves a coffee pickup.
 This is such a wild story.  Rapist has victim jailed. in USA. 
 Now that it's cooled off a little: MSFT & UVA suggest heating homes with cloud clusters - 
 MAZEL TOV TO  FOR THE NEWBORN BABY GIRL! 7:00:48 AM /via 
 Bloomberg News (this isn't news:) Repubs voted for Debt Drivers they blame on Obama 
  "swinging wildly"  
  whales aren't fish.
  feel better!
 RT  how to train a teacher  
 RT  Recycle your old cell phones and make $125 or more.    /via 
  hush my darling, don't fear my darling, the Lion sleeps tonight.
 RT  Before Lion, I'd close my Macbook Air and open the next morning with the battery at the same level. Now, it is dead every  ...
  looks great!
  how oedipal of you. 
  whatcha need?
  also, if you want a spotify invite, let me know.
  if you run out, let me know and i'll do invites for you.
 Rock-paper-scissors, against the AI  computer.  GOOD luck. 
 RT  Got a case of the Mondays? Whats your Monday Music cure?  is checking out  and trying to beat the 101 ...
  y'all come back soon, y'hear?
  see msgs
  do you know who her counselors are?
  awww. But it'll be her, not me. She's on the bus :)
 Users say "I told you so!" RT  Netflix Stock Slides 10% After Earnings Report - 
 Stopped by  (eastern mountain sports) today.  Some of the stuff they carry is cool enough to risk getting eaten by a bear. 
 RT  Tune into the speech(es) tonight folks. It's the 4th quarter of the debt game. /via 
 RT  Really great article in FastCompany: Does Social Media Have a Return on Investment? bit.ly/kc0FLP /via 
  dd is heading to berks tomorrow.  
 RT  RT  My 11 yr old daughter was the only girl enrolled in Robot Garage. She won the battle  
  lol.   
 My ATM just asked me to follow it on 
 Dear  stop being such a high maintenance blank. Ktnxbye.
 Cool! RT  RT  Do you owe the  fines? Work off your debt by reading! We love this new promotion fo…
  Mazal Tov!!! /via 
 RT  Flipboard, the Latest Mega Developer to Monetize With In-App Ads 
 Stream your music across the house, but don't have AirPlay-compatible devices? AirMusic can help:  /via 
 TG it's raining and cooler! All the vegetation (and many ppl) have been parched! 
 RT  Wood products part of winning carbon-emissions equation ~  ~   
 Ditto, and it didn't. And it's not ending, evr. RT  wahh so insanely tired. day please go by fast.
  what does "just became available" mean? Is twitter releasing unused names?
 RT  Students  with select PCs over $690 & don't forget to sign up for a Student Discount to save more  ...
  Lol
  Feel better!
  awesome.  Refuah shelayma!
  :)
  :)
 The Chart That Should Accompany All Discussions of the Debt Ceiling   via   /via 
 Dyslexie, A Typeface Designed To Help Dyslexics Read  (via  /via 
   thanks. Insulted in both directions.
 (anybody else remember that article that, after dismissing social uses of twitter, said it was a brilliant note-taking service?)
 For both Strauss & Levinas, in declaring an end to metaphysics Heidegger also declared an end to absolute claims about morality
 [Levinas&Strauss] respond to the Nazi genocide by searching for a way to speak w/authority about morality & both consider a return to Plato…
  the flaw is that we feel a need to fold towels.
 …Strauss, like Levinas, poses a fundamental question about philosophy's need to recognize its own possible bondage to s/t outside of philos…
 Is it wrong that I get excited when a load of laundry is towels? Because they're easy to fold. /via   NO.
 Strauss&Levinas share not only the attempt to reread Plato after Heidegger, but both also maintain that…Maimonides holds the key to doing so
 Philosophy is hard 
  if you want coffee & camping cred, EMS sells these  
 The fish. are caught. BY TROLLS! ( Whole Foods Market w/ 2 others) [pic]: 
  they know how to pump the billables up, don't they?
 RT  Holy hierarchy Batman! Just got an email from a secretary, on behalf of a secretary of a partner. Followed by a fax from a  ...
  and by 'on' I mean 'over.'  You're fluent in French press, though?
  I know nothing about camping. But a moka can be used on a fire and makes espresso-ish coffee  
 Listening to  "lesser things."  give me a shout if you make it up to breathe.
  or a french press.
  instant coffee?! Why on earth? Get a mokapot.
 Nicely done,  
 The principal said he'd relax the rules, but he was just stringent-ing us along a 
 Listening to The Sounds through Hello Kitty headphones (which came with a clearance HK ds kit). 
 Cmon, twitter, don't fail me now!  How do I determine which states contain server clusters for a particular company? (also, need google help
 That's fantastix. RT  YES =]]]  Don't expect mangoes when you plant papayas.
   use google+, maybe you'll get lucky and they'll lock you out of your email at same time as the lock up g+.
 RT  Twitter Flip Flops: Perfect for Adding Followers at the Beach - 
 Summer camp - how parents get to concentrate double the work required to care for their kids over summer into a couple of weeks prior.
  I love that your tweet is about mike & the mechanic's car. 
 Dear  you shouldn't need to address 500mb to run a kid's game for my dd. Even in flash.
  I think dairy is counterindicated sometimes :)
   I'd follow.
  questions of the ethics of cultural consumption are so fascinating.
   take probiotics if you can't take yogurt! They won't help after you get c.diff.
  you nailed those categories.
   rotfl.
  they seem to think that.. But  knows: it's all about the net.
 Dear everywhere else: if returns at your store where as quick as  I'd buy as much from them as I do here.
  (pleeeease)
 Take my son! RT  Smurfs premiere this afternoon in NYC! Hmmm, what color should I wear..?
 Unnecessary. I can be everywhere at once w/twitter RT  Improbability drive.
 (like the ones I know) 
 RT  The awkward moment when the Harry Potter series ends and you don't know what to do with your life...
 Follow  if you want to understand teens, or at least funny & smart teens.
  that's really horrible.  Anything to be done to help?
 "but please don't tread on dearest Marilyn, because she's not very tough…"
  lol, that too.
 Yes, but he couldn't find the missing ink.  RT  RT  did Darwin predict butterflies would then evolve into tattoos?
 Al-Jazeera columnist takes a stab at NYT's over quick speculation about Norwegian bomber.  /via 
 Def worth reading. RT  RT  interesting read: Facebook Investor Roger McNamee Explains Why Social Is Over ht ...
  did you think u'd make it this far starting with a baby voice?
  I guess not knowing that means I probz don't qualify.
 How would I determine where a company's server clusters were located (roughly)? For ex., do amzn/goog have them in ny or nj?
 Whenever you feel bad about not exercising, go to a us box store. Comparatively, you're off the charts. (re 
 Is it vintage if you've worn it continuously since new? MT  Thought you had vintage? site's got wayyy more. 
  what's this about?  leadership
  pick-up line you're using?
 Wild. RT  Google Plus Deleting Accounts En Masse: No Clear Answers  
 RT  Calif. man gets 4 years for stalking on Facebook   
 Likewise. But I didn't like either of them.  RT   I remember BOTH Off the Squares -- dairy AND meat!
 Such a horrifying story. RT   update: Police Say Oslo Suspect Admits ‘Facts,’ not Guilt, in Massacre  
 RT  Despite not being classified as an official religion, Australia has 58,053 Jedi Knights. May the force be with you.
  lol.  I don't want to sound self-righteous, but we don't have a dsi.
 They want one, too? RT  Personal Audio sues Apple again, targets iPhone 4, iPad 2 and newer iPods 
   on the web, time moves at 60 times normal. On twitter, it's the same, but attention span's shorter.
 RT  good read. The Winklevosses Vs. Silicon Valley via  
   everything seems to take  too much cpu time lately 
 Yeh, no.  Also, I'm pretty sure she'd say that proves her point. RT   explain to her that some 23 year olds have HK tattoos!
  except I think you meant sock 
  well put. 
  if that trends, I'm gonna be ill.
  what's good?
 Would never have guessed that. RT  So I guess david kagan's mom is sarcastic...? 
  1) I haven't talked with you in forever 2) I have a search question. How are you?
  wife *tried* to explain to 10yo that HK was not embarrassing at camp. RT  RT  i need more hello kitty…
 Former (Jewish) governor of RI, RIP.  Amazing life story.
   risk of disease crossover not even mentioned.
 Oy. RT  …Human/animal hybrids were being secretly made for the past 3 years. HUMANIMALS! Via  
  at least I have the catalog!
  bigger problem. I'm in NJ.
  
  "AH3AD W4RPSP33D"  (shatner)
 RT  Wow! RT  Kurt Cobain, Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin,  Jim Morrison and now Amy Winehouse - all  died at the age  27
 Hot! RT  Shavuah tov everyone!  How was your Shabbat????
 Ah, parenting. RT  Words I never thought I'd have to say: "Son, please don't kiss the cheese in the grocery store."
 I'd love to. RT  Yes! :) RT   Our VIPs are the people who come by to say hello & hang out!
 Bahaha RT  Apple Store coming to Grand Central Terminal, travel disruptions guaranteed for next iPhone launch
  whyyy?
 The b/est qualitv  
 Guy in front of me is buying french bread, brie, and toilet bowl cleaner  
  what's topify?
 Only good thing about quarter-holding carts is finding one w/ quarter still in it ( Stop & Shop) 
 Anyone know a lot about complex web searches?
 Winningest headline of today.  Also, least newsworthy 
 Lol, Winklevii attack Larry Summers (who's credited w/dumbest lines in The Social Network)  
  and remember mommilk stays fresh in this heat!
 But maybe baby the gypsy lied...
  Heatpocalyplse AntiDDote Coolatta  (thanls)
   that's a non-seq. if ppl were unwittingly mangling sentences in Yiddish, the argument would make sense.
  how are you doing?
  Heatpocalyplse AntiDDote Coolatta
 Hottest weekend in history & breaker my fridge is on breaks. Yay, life.
 Ooooooh. Nintendo Video app for the American 3DS appears with four videos in tow  /via 
 Is the thing be abstained from in abstinence only sex-ed to "political responsibity," "common sense," or "success"?
  easy way to pack charging cords is to go totally usb!
  I'm sorry... It can be tough.
  The Cars 2,  Adam Ant's Family Values 
  :)     
 RT   I am DONE with TSA.  
  q2 jersey shore, baby! 
  You booked me all night long  
  I feel so late to the game with 315066
 What -- you didn't have a beat-the-heat indoor picnic dinner and movie in a cool basement? Bummer.
 Yeh, probs. RT  if you think you can contribute an article(s) to The Online Mom, let me know!  
  biological clock?
  aww, it's so cute when a kid runs up and then realizes they've got the wrong parent.
  how does one find that number?
 My son's new Pj's prompted a discussion over usa's space program, with expressions of upset & shock by him & his… 
  in some ways.  But the charge credit is ftw!
 just got out  After giving id , credit, blood, etc to do a return!
  I didn't say it was a smart promise!
 Almost stayed extra b/c come on eileen was on... ( Five Below) 
 Good luck? RT  Big day tomorrow    
  it must suck to have to keep writing checks for classmates.com.  Also, you should see it, it's cute.
 A visible large tattoo is an implied promise to the world to never gain or lose a lot of weight. 
    omg! I just waited 15 mins to pick up watches at battery store b/c owner was on phone w/relative.
 Just saw the social network last night, which makes me the last person (besides whoever's still paying classmates.com's bills).
 Maybe, but they didn't know what inside looked like when they sold it. RT   you should get a refund from 
 Who knew we were so ahead of the times giving the middle name batsheva ||BBC - Beckham baby: Why the middle name Seven? 
  did you use a treat receipt for the frap? Otherwise, you lose points.
 Something deeply addictive about Army of Darkness on ipad, though it is mindless.
  almost exactly like the white of the rind
  if it doesn't happen in 5 it's not happening.  
 Disappointed with (but fascinated by) the watermelon I got  today Almost completely white, like sugar… 
 Daddy, we're having dinner at the 3 sharks restaurant (followed immediately by 'hey! No cameras in the restauran… 
 Congrats  (via 
  sigh, one of my nephews has that as one of his probs.
  you *are* having a rough life!
  lol  bag.
 At  it looked like I had a choice between kosher and fair trade chocolate. I blame the OU. (not4 this, but I'm not over gelatin).
  what did you wish for? B/c I keep wishing for a particular deal to close & it hasn't happened yet.
 Did something change and wishes are being granted? RT  careful what you wish for
 Fusilli looks like a playful curse.
 Drove by s/o distractedly talking on cell-phone&driving. I know, pretty common. But it was a student driver car and he was the instructor.
 Mercedes just drove down street with Papa John's magnetic top. This says s/t about  but not sure what.
 So much win RT  Beastie Boys Are Nazi Zombie Fighting G.I. Joes In New Music Video 
  that's right where I work! But not during summer.
 I just *know* when twitter gets fixed it's gonna forget to give me 2 or 3 thousand followers. I'll miss you guys.
  rotfl.
  where are you now?
 Uhm. Sears customer service tried to deny my dryer vent return because it said "close clearance" 
  give a shoutout in the story :)
  blast Trader Joe's and its yummy snacks!
 Better chocolate than never
 Really? Really?! Good luck.  Typhoon threatens Japan nuke reactor 
 every time a member of the clergy curses, an angel gets a tattoo, 
  I wasn't a fan of the old one :).  A bunch of my fbf's are in an anti-new chat group.  I wish ppl were still on aim!
 Really disappointed with aerated hershey's kisses
 Books are wonderful things... But forgot taboo word: nauseous.
 A funny sage! RT  There are few things more liberating in this life than having your worst fear realized. -Conan O'Brien
    "walls"
  been there, done that!
   nah. Men are often unemotionally available. That's correct.
  I'm just glad they're not going to say "you're just doing this b/c you're also a middle child!"
 Kid 2's am- paper engineering. Kid 1&3 returns at mall. The taboo words are: fair, just, hate, love, mean...
  why? Good date with a tsa agent?
  as one funny, intelligent man to another, welcome to twitter. ( 
 When I 4sqr check-in  a restaurant or hotel & it says "no tips left here" I'm like "how does the staff make a living?!" 
   lol pop pop pop
  I'd mail you a couple of rolls, but I don't know how to send bubblewrap safely.
  you really are suffering. Poor, poor dear.
  main word for sword in Hebrew is cheirev
  aramaic & hebrew sie-yeef.
  love when words are same in semitic languages...
 Shopping for camp would be much more fun if I got to keep the stuff 
  I would do as per  morning practice (alternating hands)
  ohhhh. It didn't show a convo thread b4... So I didn't know what antecedent of"this" was...
 Turntable.fm - ridic addictive.
  this?
  lol. Never on purpose, but inadvertently while on roadtrips.
  explain the ?
  lol.
 I don't mean to brag, but my 10yo says "seriously?!" at an 11th-grade level.
  I *hate* when that happens!
  the raisinettes /vanilla ice cream/eminems 
  I think you misposted that.
  happy birthday! (thanks 
  anything constant is irritating.
  gutte voch!
     have you ever read mark twain writing about insanity plea?
  what's shove got to do with it?!
  eternal beshoved
  I blame it on that really lame lambada remake. She sounded really happy about married life last fall.
 RT  Is shame necessary?  ...
  your cousin shouldn't be more interesting than your friends.
  but that's because my wife is a memory whiz. I'd have been shocked had she been my daughter alone...
  I wasn't in shock about my daughter winning PI contest in lower school & coming in 2nd behind last yr's middle school champ...
  he'd be ok with it.  It's not about him, it's that he's my wife's and my genetic child.
  idk if I win anything other than loudest crash to floor.
 In shock. Son won an award at Rutgers basketball camp.
 RT  This didn't take long. A hack to move all your Facebook friends to Google+. 
 Dear all, if you're going to sign up for Klout anyway, could 5 of you you help a fellow out and do it through my link? 
  I do. I do.   was just surprised that you couldn't refill the paper ones.
  but I almost always carry my cup with me.  Coffee's better in an insulated cup. 
    -- against the law (at least in NYC) I'm told, but s/t the barista would do it if I asked nicely.
 Thomas Aquinas -- the Cath Church's central theologian-- accepted that we study the world scientifically as though God doesn't intervene.
 Big Bang Theory first proposed by Belgian Catholic mathemetician-priest, rejected by leading scientists of the time 
 This is so 80s "Nestea Plunge" rt  Because  soooo played out, it's time you took a  
  cloned from the tissue of the stepdad in The Hangover
  see this? RT  Google’s 1 Gbps Network Spurs Big Ideas in Kansas City:  via 
  yes,  has a cup discount. And if you're getting refills it's a huge waste, since they have to give you a new paper cup
  happy bday!
  what's going on
   well, you don't get a goldc for refills, but you get free refills with any registered  card with 50c on it
  oh smh
  you graduated? Broke up? Or us recognized opposition as govt in libya?
   I've hit 1st refill on venti iced before sitting down (at 6am).
 Same episode - trapping every mime in an invisible box. Evil fun with irony.
 "mexican jewish cultural festival" on Phineas & Ferb... Dreidleracas. Words fail.
  you're gonna be depressed tomorrow.
 Do you buy it? RT  How Google+ Ends Social Networking Fatigue | PCWorld  RT 
  you didn't reply to my reply about med mystery... Is it solved?
  I've managed with bamboo. That's it.
  is also a lit crit. -- "The witch is the main character in this story, she has the most lines, not the princess." 
 Astonished, but The Hangover was actually really funny. At times.
 Nice. RT  Another example of why your life doesn't really suck at all... 
 RT  Check out the  for a chance to  an HP TouchPad and more  
  lol. Sticking it to the netflixman?
   why do you think rep weiner was so proud he still had his?
   too late. In these econ times, the devil owns more than just their souls.
  what's your address?
  did their sister have the eye at the time? 
 So many levels of awesome. RT  Beehive fences keep African elephants away from crops 
 God plays music outcloud
  did fb suggest it to you?
 True statement. RT  If the weather was like this everyday I would be a slightly happier person
  happy birthday in this medium, too.
  on behalf of the unpretty, our week's been pretty good too.
 Dropbox at $5-10 billion.  OT1H, it's easily more useful than twitter. But OTOH easier to change to another co. 
  I don't use validation services
 RT  The Stanford Prison Experiment: 40 Years Later:  via 
 So much awesome ewwwww in this article. 
 Math Geeks - $ lost or gained w/ 60% fee increase? RT  Netflix Poll Results: 41% say they're canceling: 
 Tragedy in Texas... kids orphaned in car crash -- 
  insisted on peas in her pasta. I don't have peas. She's agreed to imagine them.
 Really love  book "The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth" and wonder how I can get her to speak at my school.
 Goths wear all black & talk like they're depressed & suicidal but they're really not. Emos ...actually are depressed.. RQ 
 The reason I need to watch Jimmy Fallon - his history of Rap, with Justin Timberlake 
 Try Klout, get Spotify free, now. 
 "the only way to improve is to make yourself uncomfortable every day." -wisdom from my son's basketball coach
 Joyeuse fête nationale (AKA "Bastille Day")! /via 
  what's been going on for the month?
  what do they certify?
 1)These boots walked (all over) 2) walked 500 miles 3) couldn't buy me love 4) (spent all my) Money  for  
 She said she wanted to be a dentist really bad...  This song is sooo *horrid* it's funny  worthy
   heard him speak recently. It sounded as tho age has addled him quite a bit.
 These are awesome. RT  Oy. MT  sadly real way  learning to tweet could send you to college. 
  are you saying that 1) with excitement 2) has a scowl 3) parseltongue?
 It's 6:13, obligate yourself to something
 Daddy, I'm not a princess now! See, these (a regular dress) are Cinderella clothes, not fancy princess clothes! - 
 Sprint Phone Fast. Want. Now. 
 B/c of fam biz, read this as *seed* seed. MT  IC to Invest in Seed Deals in Israel&Brazil  Huge congrats 
 "Nothing is more unnerving to the truly conventional than the unashamed misfit" JKRowling, in  The Geeks Shall Inherit..
  srlsly yes.
 First song at Turntable.com - Kobi Oz - Zalman Ze Lo Ata ♫ 
 Got Sagol 59 spinning 
 First I was being followed by a university. Now I'm being followed by WWII. Somehow, this feels Jewish.
 RT  +1 RT  Happy Aliyaniversary to   and everyone else on the July 13, 2004  flight
  thanks for the advice!
  fam's trying to decide if we're keeping our lines with sprint or switching in a couple of months.  Once we decide, I'll decide :)
 Rocking a Strainer, Pastafarian takes a driver's license photo. 
  My non-practicing MD wife is often good about these sorts of mysteries. DM or email me the known facts & I'll pass them on.
 Hoo's the preppiest? U's the Preppiest... UVA that is! (via  The PREPPIEST Schools Of 2011 huff.to/oAeoGU
  thanks! Between the two? Also, thoughts on best phone w/kboard on Sprint?
  is it a flying hospital? Also, what's wrong?
  I was afraid if I listed my options you wouldn't respond b/c they're all bad.
  you can see who rt'd your tweets by 1) clicking on retweets in twitter, your tweets retweeted. Or 2) searching your name
 Indeed. RT  Reading these tweets on the  feed are absolutely heartbreaking… 
 RT  Nice.  uses SM sentiment analysis to see which electric cars are ahead. 
 The more social media available, the more dull it all becomes.
 I'm at Summer Heatwave (Kmak Pl., Rahway) 
  I hope he's ok!
  congrats!
 Nice.  Another home movie service kept raising prices. It was called Blockbuster. You might want to study it. /via 
 Sweet. B/c I want my kids To hv more time staring  screens. MT   Video arrives on J. 3DS 2mrw, Am. Equiv & Netflix summer
 RT  It's annoying how I love webOS, yet have to watch HP slowly drive it into the ground (via 
 Nintendophone... coming to Sprint? 
 At least that whole vaporize ppl from space plan never happened. Or did it? RT   NSA, no thanks 
  Sure thing -- now go respond to my email :)
 NYT article on medical school testing social skills as part of interview process 
  Did you see the NYT article on medical school testing social skills as part of interview process?
  IDK, the HTC EVO 4G and 3D, Samsung Epic 4g or Nexus 4G, Kyocera Echo, Motorola XPRT, HTC arrive
   I'm on sprint. Other than switching, what's my best phone?
 RT  Reality is likely worse RT    A recent study showed 24% of businesses lost money with a group dea ...
 RT  The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
  Isn't it a fun age?
 I'm being followed by Rutgers.  Maybe they'll offer me a job, too :)
 RT  Please take and RT my survey on the revolutions in Egypt and Libya, Thank you: 
  What age?
  Other possibility is it's an attempt to play "cool club" in SM space. "It's getting crowded on FB&twitter, let's move to G+"
  I think the goal is to make you read the same stuff on your friends FB and G+ feeds to crush your soul just a bit more.
  decisions, decisions.
 lol RT  finding it weird to see mark zuckenberg commenting on friend's G+ posts
 Me2 & I'm usually the techie friend.RT  i still don't understand google+. i need my techy friends to explain this to me!
 What's the most durable tablet for form entry?
 BDE, a fire at KJ (Ramaz's synagogue) last night.  Nobody hurt, TG, but building has serious damage.
  it's hard to imagine an easier place to get ready for than 
  "lex"?
  add me/show me?
 RT  More U.S. Adults Own a Smartphone Than Have a Degree: 
  oops. I meant: let's talk tomorrow am? Dm best way to do that.
  discuss t
  I have an idea for you.
 :) RT  Eating it was like being hit over the head with my childhood. (That's a weird image but I stand by it.)
   and here I was worried about spambot responses!
 Great article in Wired on breast milk market 
 No wonder you're bored! RT  I'm at Dr William A. Dodd, DMD
 RT  Whoa whoa whoa whoa love this. 
 RT  "The music industry wasted 10 years fighting piracy. Hollywood is about to make the same mistake." 
 I don't think most parents would bring a baby to a comp lab. Who goes to those anymore? 
 Really enjoying James Gleick's The Information: A Theory, A History, A Flood. 
  "but he meant 'mouths' and 'people'" 
 And God Blessed Texas with His Own Bands.  RT  The Mix: 100 Songs That Messed With Texas  
 Uhmmmm RT  A shattering documentary about a chimpanzee raised as a human: 
  what is it? 
 RT   One more cup of coffee for the road, One more cup of coffee 'fore I go To the valley below.
  congratulations!
  papa was a rebel klingon 
  doesn't it feel like the warning you that you'll be sequestered when you least expect it?
 what am I misunderstanding about this page?? $1 doesn't equal any of the options. 
  tweeting at a toll? I hope you're the passenger!
  lol
  skip, obvs
  didn't you have that feeling twice then?
 Awwwwwww. New student orientation.    Remember *that* feeling? ( Rutgers - Livingston Student Center (B/LX/LXc/REXL)) 
  can't believe I invited that tweet. Feel better!
  O, but you forgot the H2
  my son is smurfin' psyched about that movie
 RT  I guess the Koch brothers have sold U.S. debt short, and instructed  to maximize their gains. 
  uhm. Pus.
  childhood friend was allergic - had huge welts with every bite. Hope it's not puss!
  that's a great story behind the name.
  in any case, I'm sure there's an android app for that..
  doesn't everyone just use fb for that nowadays?
 Anyone else go to  today?
  I've never heard of an adult being antbitten in us. And in NE! 
 "Once we acknowledge that an image is an image & not the thing itself, we begin to ask questions abt how words refer, present, or represent"
  Fraud seems harder to suggest than other violations.  Talk to a lawyer, at least informally.
 "William Faulkner will be forever linked to Mississippi, but he was also the first writer-in-residence at th… (cont) 
  You mean, you sit and it applies?
  I assume you contacted UPS itself? Also, it seems like this would run afoul of federal law on interfering with mail delivery.
 Cars you dreamed about made new 
 "Cohen argues that Judaism makes a unique ethical contribution to culture and society by adhering to the ban on idolatry [in Religion of R]"
  I thought those were corporate, not franchise.  That's really upsetting!
 This is *duh* but, as she says, wasn't when the kids' parents were in school. RT  Should you tak… (cont) 
  *any*?
 Great article in Wired on breast milk market 
  E.g., Coldstone as pierrefroide?
  if you change name of tm into another language (in which the words are not cognate), does the tm hold?
  good luck!
 There's also (more usefully) a peak-flow meter for asthmatics w/iphones  
 But does it interpret it? RT  Turn Your iPhone Into An EKG Machine! - 
  ty :)
  p.s., my dd is   bil's camp as of today.
 S&Emma  
 +1 RT  Amen cc    RT   vampires were just something that Buffy slayed...
