  I think you're missing my point. It's not "haves" vs. "have-nots" conversation. My point is that the imbalance is not healthy.
  I don't think I used the word "redistribution". I certainly didn't suggest that there should be "forced" redistribution.
   only 4 of top ten are "self made" - 13 of 20. Several of 13 are on record that the imbalance is bad. interesting.
  Forbes 400 list -  - many of the top are 'creating value' but many are old money living off family wealth.
  People should be motivated by self interest, but is it really in the self intrest of these 400 people to have this imbalance?
  I say "way to go" to being smart, working hard, & creating value, & receiving rewards for that. Is that the case here?
 "Patriotism is the virtue of the viscous. Oscar Wilde" - John Patrick Mason (Sean Connery-The Rock)
 Something about this sounds wrong: The 400 wealthiest Americans own "more" than the least wealthy 60% of all Americans. (head scratch)
 In the end, this is shaping up to be one of the best tours I've ever seen! Wow! Wow! Wow!  
 And, as much as I despise him, I have to give credit to Contador for making today a really great race!  
 France wins Alpe d'Huez for the first time since 1986 & white jersey! Andy takes yellow! Tom loses yellow, defended with honor!  
 Fantastic TdF stage today! What a perfect ending to 100 years of racing in the Alpes! 
    lol, scary thing is I had to google the names so I could get the spelling right! Don't check my searches!!
    for sure, after you're chaffed you need a thicker lubricant... I prefer aquaphor or vaseline!
    I've learned the hard way that chamois cream AFTER you're already chaffed is a VERY BAD idea!!
  legs not the most sore part of my body last year... To quote  "If I bend over, my ass looks like the flag of Japan!"
  congrats man!! Last years stppts was fun, but not sure I want to repeat it ever again! :)
  congrats!
  thanks for your encouragement!!
 "You don't have to be smart to laugh at a fart, but you have to be stupid not to!" Louis C.K.
 My STP 2011 Ride Report -    
 We made it. 204 miles in 12 hours 16 mins of ride time, and 16.5 hours of wall clock! Congrats t   Holladay Park 
 Bike Gnomes at Mile 142      Riverside Park Lexington 
 Dave says "well it's been ten hours". No actually 12 hours! "Damn my math skills are gone too!" 60 miles to go! 
 Just like the pros on Le Tour, Dave prefers the fizzy beverage in a red can!   City Of Centralia 
 Priorities! Mile 84 of 200.    
 Starting our 200+ mile ride from Seattle to Portland   
 Posted: Ride to Belforte, Radicondoli, and Mensano 
 Posted: Lucca Bike Ride 
 Posted: Strength Workout in London 
 Posted: Walking Around London 
 Posted: Strength Working in London 
  sadly, we are heading home now. Actually we're in London tonight on a lay over. Home tomorrow.
 Old Fashioned, Harry's Bar, Venice, Italy 
 Negroni Con Cynar, San Marco Square, Venice, Italy 
  something like that! ;)
  thanks. We're in Venice for one more day. Strange to see the bridge of sighs wrapped in billboards!
 Remember remember the 5th of November!   Somewhere in Venezia 
 Bridge of Sighs? Or Bridge of Signs?   Venezia d Italy 
  Apparently it's now a McRoyal Deluxe!? But yeah! It love those Big Kahuna Burgers too!!
 You know what they call a Quarter Pounder in Italy? 
  I'll admit, I'd rather have to mash up the hills than spin like crazy on the downhills. 28mph feels like 150rpms, even at 130.
 Door Knockers of Florence   Firenze 
 Bike Gnome at the top of the last climb of the day, it was all down hill from here! The 10 mile climb the 20 mile 
  shit man, i just checked my setup 42x12, 700x23 wheels, 160mm cranks, on Sheldon Brown's calculator. Apparently that 92"! Nuts!!
 Bike Gnome on the steps of the Duomo di San Cerbone in Massa Marittima. We missed the turn to this village on the 
 Bike Gnome and I rode 72miles round trip and up over a very long climb to get from Radicondoli to Follonica to se 
 Bike Gnome stops in Montieri near the top of a 10 mile long climb, in route to Follonica.  
  I've done some gnarly fixed climbs & endurance rides like 2 years in a row Seattle to Portland 200miles. But this climb would suk!
  I have my fixies geared to 42x12, so they are similar, but 47xanything sounds way harder.
  luckily this rental comes with a triple!! :) I'm not ashamed to admit I used it.
 Bike Gnome dips his toes in the Tyrrhenian Sea, or is it the Mediterranean?   
 Bike Gnome in Pievescola, Italy enroute from Sienna to Radicondoli.  
 Bike Gnome had one major climb from Sienna to Radicondoli. 2 miles at 15.7% grade! Fortunately there was a water  
 Bike Gnome got a little lost riding from Sienna to Radicondoli. 
 Door Knockers of San Gimignano 
 The Hand That Knocks the Door. Assisi, Italy 
 Bike Gnome at The Abby of San Galgano 
 Sword in a Stone - Abby of San Galgano, Tuscany, Italy 
 Bike Gnome loves the Discotecca Sound!! 
 Bike Gnome finally finds a vineyard in Tuscany.  
 Bike Gnome saw lots of motobikes, since there was a big rally this weekend in Radicondoli. 
 Bike Gnome in Quartaia, Italy 
 Bike Gnome in Casole d'Elsa 
 Bike Gnome was very happy to find this place.  
 Welcome to Monteguidi! 
 Bike Gnome, you're not in Siena anymore! 
 Bike Gnome somewhere in Tuscany 
 Bike Gnome in Montecastelli Pisano, Toscano, Italia 
 Who's There? Radicondoli  
 Bike Gnome in Minano, Toscano, Italia 
 Bike Gnome in Radioncoli, Toscano, Italia  
 Bike Gnome in Belforte, Toscano, Italia 
 The Shutter Bugs (aka a scene from Reservoir Dogs revisited)   Montecatini Alto 
 Red (Montecatini Alto) 
 Blue and Gold (Montecatini Alto) 
 Lucca Wall Ride   
 Lucca Wall Ride 
 Lucca Bicycle 
 Pisa Bicycles  
 Montecatini Terme Bicycle   Montecatini Terme 
 Pisa Bikes 1 
 London Eye 
 London Fixie Part 2 
 London Fixie Part 1 
 Bikes of Montecatini Terme part 3 
 Bikes of Montecatini Terme part 1   Montecatini Terme 
  really it's him. But my iPhone lens is all scratched up! I need to use my AppleCare and get that fixed!
 Who knew monkeys and bears were mortal enemies?  
 Government Sponsored Bike Porn 
 William H Macy at the Tower of London 
 Posted: Another Long Run 
 Happy Birthday Mr. Scary 
  dude!! That is sick!!
 RT  Here I am descending one of the 7 Hills of Kirkland... 
 Posted: 7 Hills of Kirkland with Dave 
  well - I decided to buy a Gevey sim card hack... we'll see if that gets me where I need to go.
   - ran thru redsn0w/ultrasn0w, & I get the "Carrier" menu after reboot, but I'm getting Invalid SIM w Tmobile SIM
  - sorry to bug you directly, can I jailbreak and unlock 4.3.3 with baseband 04.10.01? Does redsn0w0.9.6rc16 do the trick?
  you're an idiot! Nuff Said.
 Sloe Holy Death - 1oz Sloe Gin, 2oz Crystal Skull Vodka, 3/4oz Chartruese, dash of orange bitters 
 Posted: Commute Run! 
  well those prius's are known to be a little Horney! ;)
  is that supposed to be some kind of a sexual reference? Maybe my mind is in the gutter. ;)
 "Last Word Cocktail" in honor of tomorrow's Rapture. Equal parts: fresh lime juice, gin, green chartreuse, and ma 
 "Mitch Daniels... maybe I oughta back him... to show that people who don't have charisma could be elected President."- Sen Grassley - Ouch!
 Looking forward to cracking open this bottle of the 2009 Spirits Competition Gold Medal winning Corsair Hand Craf 
  nice!!
 King Buzzo meets Lord Kelvin 
 Melvins 
  oh. Yeah. Duh! Btw. Have you checked out Instagram yet? It's like twitter except for photos. It's cool. Download the app now!
  huh?
 So bummed I missed this show! 
 Hooch! Melvins! Nuff Sed! 
 Melvins!! Like skin boiled alive!! 
 Melvins!!!!! 
 Posted: Spin Class 
 Skateboard Criminal 
 Posted: Spin Class 
 Posted: Commute 
 Posted: Strength Studio 
 Posted: Spin Class 
 Posted: Commute 
 RT  BREAKING NEWS: Chuck Norris returns from trip to Pakistan
 RT  Obama: "Anybody else wanna see my birth certificate?" Drops mic, walks away.
 RT  A "team" was assembled to kill him... My sources confirm they were in a black van driven by Mr. T
 RT  My poor, delicious s'more. Destined to be just a footnote in history now.  
  yep
 RT  Wonder what Joe Biden is saying to Obama now? This is a really f-ing big deal.
  ain't that the truth!
 RT    
 RT  Got Bin Laden AND interrupted Celebrity Apprentice? Win for Obama all around.
 RT  Now if only we could find WALDO... :-/
  nice!
 RT  .RT  Osama's downfall started as he entered his home address into his Playstation Network profile.
 RT  Americans are doubting I'm still alive. You guys don't even believe Obama was BORN THERE. Why would you start believ ...
 Reaching New Heights! 
 Posted: Spin Class 
 Posted: Shorter Spin Class 
 UI tip from Wordpress.com - most people don't want lots of options, can u imagine if every light switch had a bunch of dials and switches?
 Wordpress.com recently shipped version 25,000. Developers average 16 code releases per day!   
 WordCamp Seattle is hopping this morning!  
 My 100th Dive   Seacrest Cove 2 
 New Post:: Spin Class 
 New Post:: Commute 
 New Post:: Long Tandem Ride 
 New Post:: Fast Lake Washington Loop 
 Pit Row 
 Pinewood Derby! 
 RT  The headline you won't be reading: "Millions saved in Japan by good engineering and government building codes". Buts it's ...
 "Deserve ain't got nuttin to do wit it. It's just time, ya know?" say it ain't so Snoop. 
 New Post:: Spin Class 
 New Post:: Commute from Spin Class to Office 
 New Post:: 60 Reps 
 New Post:: Lake Samammish Loop 
 New Post:: Commute Strength/Office/Home 
 New Post:: Commute 
 New Post:: Commute Office/Spin Class 
 New Post:: Commute Spin Class/Office/Home 
 New Post:: Grocery Run 
  I'm going into the biz. Didn't you hear? :)
 Sugar 
 New Post:: Health for 03/02/2011 
 A very different view.  
 You have to leave eventually, if you ever want to return.  
 Scubapro 
 Tres Amigos 
 Just a few of the friends I met today! 
 New Post:: Spin Class 
 New Post:: Commute from Spin Class then Home 
 New Post:: Commute to Office then Spin Class 
 New Post:: Commute 
  sorry dude. Btw. My mom volunteered to drive support for us.
  so wait. She's not gonna drive personal support for you?  I think I need to take you out for a long run. That will teach her!
 New Post:: Other 1:00:01.07 
 New Post:: Spin Class 
 New Post:: Commute to Office then Spin Class 
 New Post:: Commute to/from Office 
 New Post:: Family Bike Adventure 
 New Post:: Commute 
 New Post:: Fri Spin Class 
 New Post:: Wed Spin Class 
 Don't run me over, please! 
 Tandem Ride 
 Crossing Over 
  thanks man!
 Time 
 Flask 
 Kitchen 
 The Devil You Know 
 Vessel 
 Fruit 
 New Post:: Early Morning Spin Class 
 New Post:: Tuesday Evening Spin Class 
 New Post:: STRENGTHstudio - Deck of Death 
 Rainy ride on centennial trail:  
 New Post:: Spin Class 
 New Post:: Commute To/From Office and Spin Class 
 Please Keep Door Closed at All Times 
 New Post:: Commute to/from StegnthStudio and Office 
 New Post:: 9,740 Reps to go! 
 New Post:: First Lake Washington Loop of 2011 
  thanks.
 Running Down a Dream 
 Rock Star 
 New Post:: Flat Ride on Clear Day 
 New Post:: Cycle 1:14:54.63 
 New Post:: Commute to/from Spin Class 
 X Performed their Album "Los Angeles" live in Seattle 12/31/2010 to ring in the new year. Live video playlist: 
  I finally shook my post-NYE greeness around 3pm 1/1/11
 Rays 
 RT  The amount of make-up on people at QFC in Wallingford at the moment is astronomical.  Hello NYE! Seattle is now Los Angeles.
  as seen on my last bike ride for 2010
 Rays - 360 view:  
 Shilshole Marina - 360 view:  
 Adult hey on that is happy if I do not if have received give me a.
 Six stars   Djan's Modern Thai 
 Christmas Feast 2010: All in all... a Great Christmas Feast!
 Christmas Feast 2010: Cain 5 '96 was nearly corked but saved by decanting... Fresh turned Frozen Oysters saved by Beer Batter Deep Frying.
 Christmas Feast 2010: Goose was a surprise hit Mom and Eldest daughter... and all the other dishes held their own.
 Christmas Feast 2010 at the Hefta-Gaub's was a hit. Pork Loin and Brussels Sprouts ruled the day.
 Does it seem odd that  follows  and 
  Did you get some good pix?
 Cand cane lane 5 - 360 view:  
 Cand cane lane 4 - 360 view:  
 Cand cane lane 3 - 360 view:  
 Candy cane lane 2 - 360 view:  
 Candy cane lane - 360 view:  
 Natures way of saying to turn back - 360 view:  
 more.metagr.am 
 metagr.am 
 Digits 
 Filter this... 
 Macromicro 
 Triangle 
 Rain Forest 
 Smith Tower 
 Christmas Tree - 360 view:  
  lol - no way! Just a Christmas party.
 Qwest Field and Pioneer Square Seattle - 360 view:  
 More Seattle Skyline - 360 view:  
 Seattle skyline from Pioneer Square Loft - 360 view:  
 Body count.  
 Recovery? 
 We could be just one vote away from winning $10,000 for Everett Main Public Library! Vote now:  via 
 Less than one minute into Gwar and someone has already been decapitated!!
  thanks for the support!
  thanks for cheering me on!
  thanks for the cheers!
  yep!
 Best way to recover from a Quadzilla? A GWAR show!
 Drat! Dropped my Garmin in the recovery area and the face shattered! Replacement time.
 Done Seattle Marathon. 4:28:56! Fastest run of the Quadzilla! 4 marathons in 4 days.
 Yeah Larry card 3 Miles 204 hours if you get a chance thanks ....
 Yeah marathon 17 mile 2 hours so 59 minutes.
 Seattle marathon half way done 2 hours in 14 minutes 31 seconds.
 Hi gal marathon mile 81 hours 20 minutes so if you would ....
 And we're off!!
 Ten minutes to go. Quadzilla!
 Made it to the start line. Now where are my fellow maniacs?!
 Grrr bus reroute stuck in traffic! Gots to get to the start line! Quadzilla!
  we will see if "running" is in the cards.
 I'm on a bus! (Seattle Quadzilla)
 Seattle Marathon here I come! 4 marathons in 4 days... Quadzilla!!!!!
  uh. What kind of a question is that?!??!!  You know my answer!
 Done! 4:46:09!! 3 of 4 marathon in my Quadzilla!
 21 miles. Knee has asked me to slow down.
 Make that 17 miles! Oops!
 19 miles in 2:40:40.  Woot!!!
 First half of marathon 3 in 2:01:10
 6 miles in 56:12!! Feeling great!!!!
 Yeah those marathon under way for mile 1 in 10 minutes 29 thank.
 At the start line of Seattle Ghost Marathon.
 Less than 90 minutes away from Seattle Ghost Marathon (3/4 of my Quadzilla)
 All done... 27.15 Miles in 5:22:37. Lesson Learned: Twillio's Speech to Text is not ready for prime time. :)
 Less than a mile and a half Ago almost 7.
 Hello thanks.
 Hey honey it's me while.
 Sixteen Miles done thanks bye.
 Just slipped and fell in an ice puddle. Cold but ok. Hope iPhone is ok.
 Hello.
 Hi 12 Miles thanks.
 Hey John was last at 1 o'clock almost 7 Miles.
 Michael please give me a callback thanks.
 Ready to start the marathon to.
 Yes the start lines for marathon 2 of my client and ....
  thanks!
  hopefully no need for barfatoriums. :) but I do expect to go slow.
  actually, just 2 so far. My ironman run and yesterday. By Sunday I will have run 3 more.
  I just *had to* work on my running buddy iPhone app.
  all 4 of my marathons this weekend are in and around Seattle. Today's is in Gig Harbor.
 Okay I think this is working now status updates from my phone.
 I should be sleeping... Marathon two of four coming up!
 Countdown to Wishbone Marathon: 9 hours!
 testing...
  is T pressuring to learn something new?
 Finished marathon one of four. 4:49:53 Quadzilla here I come!!!
 Quadzilla mile 23.5 ish. These next 3 miles are gonna be slower. Save some for the next 3 days.
 Quadzilla mile 22!!!
 Mile 17.
 Quadzilla half way!!!
 Quadzilla mile 8.5.
 Quadzilla. Ready to start.
  - I'd say about a week.
  Thanks-- Like my wife says... "crazy is as crazy does".
  - God (and my bum feet) willing!
 QUADZILLA - Up and at 'em... ready to start my day! Wattle Waddle here I come!
 In about 4 hours I need to be awake and starting to get ready to head to the Wattle Waddle... the first of 4 marathons in 4 days! QUADZILLA!
 I should be sleeping... big 4 days coming up. Marathon Quadzilla - 4 marathons in 4 days starts in 6 hours!
  it was a spooky little town for sure.
  my thoughts exactly.
 We just drove past the "Clown Hotel". Very weird. Clown pictures on all of the doors.
 Had to stop and buy some Elk and Buffalo Jerky.  
 Only 60 miles further this way, but will hopefully be more interesting and faster. Bonus we drive past Area 51!
 Driving home from Las Vegas. This time we're heading to Reno, Redding, then I5 north.
 All vitals were fine. They just wanted me to drink some water.
 I lost 8lbs on the race today. Spent a little time in the medical tent just so they could check me out.
  Testies Testies is this thing on?
 Cell phone died around mile 10. I ended up walking 19 to 23. But got enough juice to shuffle the last three miles. And a sprint at the end.
 Mile 19 and I'm fading fast. May have to walk this out. See if I can run the downhills.
 Mile 16. Just 10 more to go!!!
 Done with run lap one. Three more hours?
 Mile 8. Feeling better but it's gonna be a long day!
 Miles 4 and 5 were better.
 First two miles of run felt great. Then I cramped up in my hip flexors while taking a bio break.  Walking it off now.
 Done with bike. Last 22 miles were brutal. But I set a new course PR.
 Mile 90. 17.5mph woot!!
 Mile 80.
 18mph at 60iles. 17.4 at. 66 miles.
 Mile 40. Still 18.5mph
 Mile 30. 19mph.
 Mile 18 bike.
 On the bike. Ironman!!
 Start in 30 min.  Silverman. Ironman.
 Heading down to the start line of Silverman Ironman... Watch my live location here... 
 Silverman Ironman LIVE 
 testing
 RT  I'm in a store that is perfumed, dark, and has loud music, because they've done tests that show, if you kill 3 sens ...
 "If incarceration rates remain unchanged, 6.6% of U.S. residents born in 2001 will go to prison during their lifetime."- B. of Justice Stats
 Sunday adventure with Dad while Mom and big sister are out of town? Rent a tandem bike and go for a ride!! 
 Sunday adventure with Dad while Mom and big sister are out of town? Rent a tandem bike and go for a ride!! 
 riding up the Zoo hill climb by  bike is more fun than being attacked by a Crowned Crane while visiting the Cougar Mountain Zoo.
 5 mile hike on Cougar Mnt with my youngest. Trying out her hydration pack she got as a birthday present.  
 Congrats to Sis for finishing her 4th tri! Here she is with the gal she took at the finish line!  
 Off the bike and on to the run!! Go Sis Go!!! 
 Out of the water and on to the bike! Go Sis go! 
 And she's off!! Go Sis go! 
 Awaiting the start of the Lake Sammamish Tri. Supporting Cynthia in her 2nd triathlon of the season.
  I hear you man! But hypocrisy is always a tough pill for me to swallow!
  reminds me of quote from Ghandi-I like your Christ. It's your Christians I don't understand. They aren't very Christ like.
  thanks for the support man!  It helps to hear your perspective.
 Man... why does it hit me so hard when I see someone quoting Christ as a rationalization for hating someone? It really bums me out.
 RT  why ultramarathons? I blv we all hav burning passion in r hearts that must be expressed& mine is expressed through running
 RT   
  oh boy. Hate to be right about something like that.
  who can resist a giant margarita?!?
  duh. Yes you are. Now I see it in the tweet. Good luck. I met another channel swimmer last month. Great stories!
  big props for no wetsuit sfbay swims. I'm thermally challenged! Are you training for a channel crossing?
  yeah. I don't see anything yet either. Like you said: hope everyone is ok. Afaik helicopter crashes are rarely "graceful"! :(
 Wow!  RT  Just saw a helicopter crash into San Diego bay!!!!
 Tonight's dinner: all local organic sustainable purchased at Ballard Farmers Market.  
 Rain, Rain, Go Away.... Workout: Cycle 3:22:00 50.15 miles 
 Over 3k miles for the  Workout: Cycle 3:42:00 66.6 miles 
  sounds like breakfast. :)
  1.4 lbs of carne asada for me tonight. It was just right!
 Whew! Lot's of single speed commuting Workout: Cycle 1:30:00 21.5 miles 
 Commute Run: Pick up Car at Shop Workout: Run 00:35:02 4 miles 
 Commute: Drop Car Off at Shop Workout: Cycle 00:25:00 4.5 miles 
 First Ride on my NEW P2 Frame Workout: Cycle 2:45:36 50.1 miles 
 More Commuting: Shopping Workout: Cycle 00:12:00 2 miles 
 Classic Commutes: meetings and shopping Workout: Cycle 00:30:00 5 miles 
  if you haven't found Udi's breads yet, check them out! Great stuff!!
 Udi's gf pizza crust, chorizo, asparagus, portabellos, dairy free mozzarella, heirloom tomato, basil. Yum!!!! 
  I love my bike! I will only buy cervelo after this incident!
  in Seattle we have lots of trails and roads with lots of roots and bad surfaces so I wonder if it was related to that abuse.
  AFAIK it was a random kind of thing. I ride more than the average consumer. About 5K miles per year. But....
  my local bike shop was trying to help me debug a creaking sound and they found some suspicious looking cracks.
 My new bike (lifetime warrantee replacement for my cracked frame) is ready for it's inaugural ride.    
 Run to the store in the heat Workout: Run 00:21:11 2.14 miles 
 Last Ride on my P2C Workout: Cycle 00:7:25 1.83 miles 
  congrats!
 Tenino, Rainier, Yelm, Bucoda Rally Workout: Cycle 6:33:30 80.32 miles 
  I assume your 25 was Mountain Biking? I bet that was even more grueling!
 Random Commutes Workout: Cycle 1:35:00 19.1 miles 
  hehe - that was from last week, I hadn't entered it in my log yet. So it wasn't hot at all that day. I haven't sweated yet today.
 Run Workout: Run 00:34:51 4 miles 
 Run Workout: Run 00:34:51 4 miles 
 South Lake Washington Loop Workout: Cycle 2:02:00 36.5 miles 
 Lake Washington Loop Workout: Cycle 2:54:00 52.3 miles 
 Commute Workout: Cycle 00:15:00 2 miles 
 Commute Workout: Cycle 00:30:00 6 miles 
  you realize you sent this from ubertwitter. Lol.
 At mile 70 we stopped to get ice to fill our water bottles.  
 Done 80 miles in 105F heat. A new cycling distance personal record for my sister.
 After enduring 8 hours in heat reaching 105F we have decided to cut our ride short. 73 miles done 7 or so to go back to our car.
  We've decided to cut this ride short. It's simply too hot out here.
 Mile 65.4 in 5:22 ride time. Some other rider with a thermometer on his bike said it's down to only 102F it was 105F a couple miles back.
 Mile 54 for us because we made a wrong turn. Officially at mile 49.2. 4:25 ride time still ahead of plan. Woot!
 Mile 38. Stopped for a comfort break in Rainier.
 Mile 20. Time for a snack. 1:34 making good time for Cynthia's first 100mile ride.
