 RT  "Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and above all, those living without love."
 everyone in TJs this morning looked like they woke up with the same realization I did: Shit, there's no breakfast food in the house :(
 i love the french 
 sry about the spam tweet. my account got jacked by a spam bot while i was afk camping. in related news, im a swedish golf champion.
 Start the clock! Dun dun da da da dun dun da da da 
 What was with the spinoff thing at the end? A comedy called "The Longbottoms"? 
 Waiting for the final Harry Potter to start. Almost time for the world to burn!
  awww we gotta wait a year for more batman?!
 Google+ Huddle topic renaming is where its at 
 delicious korean food is in my immediate future 
 Life is so hard in the wasteland, this guy cant even bare to stop drinking while talks to me -  
 shun the nonbeliever! shuuuuuuun!
 current Fallout New Vegas title: Evil Desert Terror
 My mom the Bocci Ball Shark 
 Bocci ball and frolf so far, next up volleyball!
 Hid from the heat in HMB today with  and  
 I second that. RT  You are both awesome and evil  . Here, just take my money. 
 Thanks to  and  I got to try out the BSG board game today. Lots of intrigue and sneaky cylon fun.
 Escaping a hot house for some  with  Vanilla malt/reeses peanut butter 
 having a nerdgasm over the "hangout" feature in Google+. Google is not messing around this time.
 RT  Heavy from TF2 singing Bieber's "Baby."  (Turn off song at top of window so it doesn't interfere).
 RT  Still high from an evening of recording. For your listening & viewing pleasure....  via 
 I'm in a tree, I'm in a tree. Everybody look at me, cause I'm in a tree. Take a good hard look, at the motherfucking tree.
 They're only echos...
 Another 10+ miles in the beautiful Angwin outback. It took some skin this time.   
 much like  i want in to Google+!
 10mi ride in the napa valley hills today. legs felt unusually awesome!
  poo-beef! Get your poo-beef! 
 Rococco!
 RT  Yay! The same-sex marriage bill passes. Proud of and happy for my fellow New Yorkers. Go NY!
 RT  Best thing I've seen all day: Condoms prevent minivans.
 wikileaks has some competition now, haha!  via 
 (hilarious read) - Apparently we’re too offensive for the sex toy industry 
 i nice little synopsis of the US economy  via 
 RT  Seattle, I found our problem. You are welcome. 
 When an event starts with instructions on what to do when the cops come...
 froyo is a go go!
 attempting to upgrade my vibrant to 2.2 
 Im finding lots of fun ways to be a bad vegan lately. Today was bourbon and corn flakes ice cream.
 Stumbled across an Herbivore in the mission. Vegan nom noms ftw!
 Escaped a hot apt and watched Super 8. Fun adventure like Goonies. Kids were hilarious.
 I don't know who this guy is on kqed right now, but he's a massive tool
 dolly shot through the barbed wire fence is my fav 
 RT  I find it quite funny that there are running apps for the iPad that assume you are talking it on your run.  Really?
 RT  When you absolutley, positivley have to have a cold drink... when there's no ice in the freezer.   http:/ ...
 this is a nice contrast to the content aggregation whores 
 In and Out milk shake 
 The Crispy Cruiser has a guy named Josh on board. Stockton bound.
 first underworld ecommerce, now high dollar theft.  evolution is fun to watch 
 "lick your brussel sprouts seductively", hahahah! Vegan Black Metal Chef, you kill me!
 the can is a formidable enemy, it may take some blood  via 
 You were burning, now you're black and grey. Something I would never say. 
 RT  Wow indeed! I hope him all the best!  RT  Terry Pratchett begins formal process to end his life -   ...
 organic green beans have finally reappeared at my TJs! 
 the temp is 77.7 in my apt. does that mean im about to be raptured?
 im getting the "WiHome" UI when i login to netflix via my laptop now. that is not cool. it is fugly. me smash.
 just applied for a job in bangkok. how awesome would that be :P
 "I found stars on the tip of your tongue. You speak poltergeist well so do I." Who else loves Cloud Cult?! I do!
 just finished watching Transcendent Man. i <3 futurists.
 did a lot of camera phone shots recently, this is definitely the best one (edited of course) 
  Antimatter Trapped For 16 Minutes at CERN | 
 Crispy crane 
 My cookie is morally superior to yours.  
 last shot is the best haha - 
 So there were these red signs along the road... 
 I just ordered the Front Butt Special 
 Epic mtb riding on the penninsula today  
 East coast interlopers enjoying beak meat sandwiches 
 OH: "I'm being groped by nature"
 RT  Roasted my calves in a run yesterday. I think ill do it again on a ride with   
 Holy crap its gorgeous on the pier 
 Great show!  
 Blackfield is imminent. 
 you've got to be fucking kidding me  via 
 Amazing High-Speed Photos Use Lethal Home-Made Flash | Gadget Lab | Wired.com 
 Who has a mtb and wants to make $40 next week?
 RT  In Soviet Russia, Microsoft Office beats you physically.
 just made a rly weird combination of things. tastes good enough to eat tho :P 
 darknets, currency and bears, oh my! 
 RT  Cosmic Perspective Friday: If interested, My Greatest Fear for Earth. Interview with  News. [5m 30s] 
 OH: "did you say a communion of cola and herpes?"
 OH: "i like to play with it" 
 OH: "its not cruel, its just murder" 
 Jack Goes Boating was oddly gripping. Felt a little like Reign Over Me and Lars and the Real Girl. Great performances all around :)
 Made my phone so angry it crashed and booted in safe mode. That's new :s
  was at the ferry building in the city
 Vendor just processed my CC payment using an ipad attachment. The future is sexy.
 Riding on the bart, riding on the bart, sitting next to buuuums, hope that's not peeeeee
 just defeated my first boss in Terraria with  I feel accomplished.
 Im a ginnea pig for my moms creations today.  
 nice day to  along the coast in  7.5k
 today the moon is a Waning Gibbous. that is all.
 RT  If Jesus actually arrives May 21, it'll be easy to convince skeptics. If he doesn't show up, do the faithful become atheists?
 strawberries for my moooouuuth
 slow 5k today. was nice to get out in the sun tho. Girl Talk was entertaining to  to - 
 Encounter at Farpoint - 
 RT  The first attempt at a Shadowrun illustration. More to come! 
 lmao, just think of all the Apple fanboys that are atheists. look what Steve has made of you!  via 
 Thor wasnt bad, especially for $1. Asgard was beautiful. My burrito from Curry Up Now was better :P
 just played the SPAZ demo, pretty fun - and made by only two dudes!
 Netflix Passes Piracy in U.S. Net Traffic | Epicenter | Wired.com 
 incredible timelapse - 
 stupid old people want to censor our tubes!  via 
 learning about  the virtual currency to rule them all. 
 hehe - 
 SNL is killing it tonight. makes up for last week.
 Fallon and Colbert are about to battle it out in my bowl.
 TrueCrypt workflow is similar to Daemon Tools. me likey.
  u r confusing two different technologies between the two articles. not gonna be able to straighten you out over twitter :)
  no, as in dumping them as a customer. the mobile HTTPS issue is not what this article is talking about.
  they have access to your files unencrypted. their competitors do not. great incentive to dump them.
  its not about safety in this case. its about privacy and spineless companies that flip your data to the feds.
 Dropbox is a bunch of lying bastards. Great. 
 you may have gone to cambridge, but im an honorary graduate of starfleet academy
 I used Run.GPS on my run today. it runs great with a music app going at the same time. no crashes. its not pretty but it has nice stats.
 ran 10.5km today. sounds way better than 6.5mi :P
 first it starts with sugar....A WHOLE FUCKING LOT!  \m/ \m/
  y is the Vibrant lagging behind so badly with android upgrades? everyone else already has Froyo or beyond.
 my brain keeps trying to put the cereal in the fridge
 think i ran 4-5mi earlier today. hard to know for sure, Run Keeper died on me yet again. that app can suck it. time for a new one.
 snakes sunbathing on trails should be required to up warning signs.
 modded my Tallisman armband with velcro for a tighter grip. time for a run.
 searching for a few new traxx before i run today. 
 this makes me want to go find a tunnel to shoot...  
 The Best of the Situation Room LOL Pics | Underwire | Wired.com 
 make sure to snap your fingers around every new person you meet. you never know... 
  nice! didnt think anyone would get that one :)
 For all I know he eats grass and safety pins.
 RT  First Friday Art Walk in Oakland this weekend. Come by Spice Monkey to see some of my work and visit me!  ...
 ice cream canoli from Romolo's. its very dangerous that its so close by. like 300ft away :s 
 RT  New Shadowrun piece up. Part of a larger illustration I am crafting for the series. 
 Opened your eyes and there was someone else? Now i’ve got you in the undertow. 
 all glory to Hypno Toad...
 maybe we both dreamed, and it wasnt so bad
 billing might be my fav part of each project cycle, lol
 alt tag is great on this one - 
  to make fires with?
 RT  Two American goals that took a decade, and more than $100 billion to achieve: 1) Walk on the Moon 2) Find Bin Laden
 I didnt think it still mattered whether or not Bin Laden was still alive. He won a long time ago. We are ruined with war debt.
 BARTing to Glen Park shortly to play some Ultimate. frizzbeeeeeez!
  youtube holds the answers to that mystery
 Riding along the coast with  
 the hobbits the hobbits the hobbits to isengard to isengard!
 where exactly are they taking the hobbits?
 RT  Cost to build Endeavour orbiter: $1.7B. Net cost to British economy for day off, allowing everybody to watch RoyalWedding:$8B
  dont forget to polish your shiny golden head. you have visitors coming tomorrow.  
 omg kate's dress is so beautiful  
 how about liquidating the royal wealth so some of the public workers in england can keep their jobs? 
  you sir, are a banana!
 1) i dont know what youre talking about and B) i dont know who you are
 its 31 cent scoop night at baskin robbins. the ice cream calleth.
  thats ok. the techno chipmunk population sent me an email and they still love you.
 thaaaaats why i feel broken. Danger pushed to me 8mi ( one minor blister even with five fingers. 
  at 2am? Lol
 i need to go somewhere inspiring and take photos
 trying out some blood orange kombucha
 rode the headlands today. did rly good on the long climbs. need a new seat tho. my boy parts went numb a couple times :s
 RT  Neat project - Hundreds of disposable cameras being passed around the world: 
 RT  Another silly tonight before work,  in 50 years: 
  barefoot, yeah!!11oneoneone
 me thinks i felt a wee little earthquake
 that was some impressive streaming of  by youtube
 its free National Park Week? i am definitely hitting up Muir Woods at some point then.
  haha, oh man, they look like trouble. I can see them plotting.
  Chopped onions, piiickeelllssss, ooops real cheese, on a hawaiin bun
  Veggie sliders of course! From a local joint.
 Sliders for my mooouth ( The Counter - San Mateo w/ 3 others) 
 I just unlocked the "4sqDay 2011" badge on  
 RT  Got to love those Schrödinger jokes. 
 watched The Hobbit set vlog with PJ. hearing the LOTR score gives me the shakes. so very tempted to watch the extended trilogy now...
 Having a stretch up on the ridge. Relaxing ride today in the sun. 
 a new Humble Bundle has quietly emerged, go go go go go 
 hey that was 6 miles! wooo! new record :) i did it with vibrams. the bones in my feet feel abused.
 Shot blocks for my mouth after a run from Coyote Point to SFO.
 Who are smooth. Mmmmmm....oh yeah....oooooooo Late night cribbage with Chrome to run barefoot. — 
 the Painterly Pack for MC is very nice. check it out - 
 gettin the feet back in shape to run barefoot. little tender after all this time off. nice day to run at least.
  congrats :) who needs smelly lakes anyway?
 RT  What do you get when you shoot a photo every 2-30 sec on a flight from SF to Paris? See it here: 
 So much good food in Berkeley. Must...eat...it all
  u guys picked up a crazy blokus version eh? looks pretty sweeeeeet
 i noticed a bunch of drinks have appeared that contain chia seeds. quite a tasty experience. prepare yourself for a weird texture.
  no snooty cheese, plenty of techno. Not sure the fish appreciate it
 got my ticket for Nightlife at  tonight. should be interesting :)
 went for a run along the bay again near Coyote point. 45mph winds made it more of an adventure.
 messing around with Kingdoms of Camelot on fb. i luv me a resource management game :)
 just under 12mi at Big Basin. rly mild trail but a beautiful redwood forest that lets out to the beach.
 Off to find a trail
 novocaine for the soul, before i sputter out
 Pioneer One is a lot of fun. It makes me feel like im at a film festival.
 my new sanuks came today, wewt. now i can toss out my old disintegrating sandals.
 saw some Aztec blessing dances last night at the de young. crazy awesome.
 i agree   for pres 2012! 
 RT  Omega post for my recent job. 
  the first two parts are disgusting and the third i agree with.
 feet r tender after not having run on them for a couple months. had to put on the KSOs. gorgeous day to run along the bay in san mateo.
 i perk with the weather. the opposite of what nipples do.
 went up Mt Montara today. im in sad shape cause that was difficult. i made up for it by putting falafel and tabouli in my mouth.
 heres one more reason to say no to nuclear, theres already enough radiation in the world - 
 RT  Squid hat! 
 RT  Charlie Sheen's Winning Recipes  via 
  that sounds delicious
 Go to jail for being in debt? Banks get Americans locked up for failing to pay! End debtors prisons:  via 
 Winamp + Lyrics app on an android phone is a sweet combo. thanks to  for that one
 Lego yoda loves you 
 the sunshine is a lie!
 We fluffed...and I mean we fluffed...
 Monsters is my favorite kind of scifi. Great little film that came out of nowhere last year. Random  suggestion ftw
 Wolverine wasnt bad. I would say mostly good. I like the slightly darker style. CG Patrick Stewart was embarrassing though. Damn.
 all my photos were accepted for Radio Paradise HD, wooo!
 This is a dense blokus board. 3 way tie. 
 Two Movie Tickets for 9$:  via 
 "Who are we gonna get to jack off all these butterflies?" 
 been sifting and editing photos all day to make a set for the Radio Paradise HD app.  helped!
 Amande almond milk yogurt is delicious. I just had the peach variety.
 finally watched Scott Pilgrim vs The World. pure creative genius. y is it that every movie Cera is in incorporates the Indie scene?
 i just had to go to the Fox News site for a project I'm working on. I feel dirty.
  the internet demands pics of this cheese!
 Google and Facebook may be handing your data to the Feds without your knowledge! Tell them to stop:   via 
  made me a drink from fresh squeezed beets, celery and pomegranate juice. ive been peeing the rainbow for 24hrs now.
 Played a new frisbee game called hot box. Nice day to be in the park at Fort Mason.
 These sheets are smooth. Silky smooth. Mmmmmm....oh yeah....oooooooo 
 Late night cribbage with  I lost 1-2. The Great Cribbage Unicorn did not favor me tonight.  
 Inuyasha seems like clever furry porn. Beekeeper suits and lint rollers. Hot. 
 made a BLT using Light Lifes bacon flavored tempeh. very tasty! no, i did not eat a tomato. that would be gross. i used an avocado instead.
 the App Store is not a competitive marketplace, cry babies. its Apples proprietary pot of gold. stfu up and go Android. 
 aahhh film. opening worlds you had no idea existed. Exit Through the Gift Shop.
  that pizza place looks awesome. now i want to find something like it here hehe
  cluster 4. I guess my issues are related to the overall problem. My sites are running fine tho, that's the important thing :)
  i cant even pull up the incident report update page. is it the apocalypse over there or what, lol?
 Radiohead Readies King of Limbs, the ‘World’s First Newspaper Album’ | Underwire | Wired.com 
 yay, now i can go back to passively using fb 
 am i reconnected?
 my tweets stopped going to fb a week ago. argh wtf
 You can learn a lot of things but conditioning isn't one if them. Back on the bike finally.
 wow, go Egypt. if that isnt a little light in the darkness, i dont know what is
 Been in line for hours and we weren't far from the door.   party sucks
  less checking in and more getting me food
  I'm coming, wooooo! (also that fb link didnt work)
 The Parking Lot Movie is awesome, hahaha. The music video at the end is perfect. Do it.
 comparing vegan notes with  i think he should come visit the vegan homeland. 
 Oooooaaaooooo deee aaa deee adoooo! 
 just finished a free nerdcore sampler, it was a fun listen, try it out - 
 Sony vs The Internet, damn funny round that went to Internetz -
 House blocks PATRIOT Act renewal.  Click here to keep up the fight:  via 
  I think season 4 is my fav.
 finished the last episode of X-Files last night. Watching it all from start to finish is quite the experience. 
 lets outsource the halftime show from now on to China. Zhang Yimou ftw!
 the random mic volumes in this half time show makes it pretty entertaining
 my Superbowl pick is the Blue Jays. Totally.
 time to kick the tires and see if im recovered enough to athlete again. there is just no good way to drink Contend. grrrrrnnnnaaaackkk ugh
 just made a tasty sammy from balsamic coated soy tempeh, basil, vegenaise, hummus, avocado, sprouts and melted daiya cheese
 trying to understand how this idea is useful, very interesting - 
  My stirfry is just getting started, woo! 
 installed the Vudu app on my ps3. burned the freebie on Salt in their HDX format. aweessooooommmmme!
 Love Crunch by Natures Path is....dangerous....nomnomnomnom
 mmmm, papaya wedges 
 thought i killed the bug. i think it pulled a First Contact on me and snuck in to my lungs. 
  only 36hrs with straight naturopathic methods vs 4 days of fail the usual way
 Living Social Daily Deal: $20 Amazon.com Gift Card for $10: 
 bigpharma has nothing on salt and water. sore throat and other symptoms are almost gone.
 i smell of elderberry.
 my sinuses have decided the there is a global shortage on mucous and is making enough for everyone. grossed out? my job here is done.
 snorting lines of EmergenC makes it more potent right?
 my smack talk unit is busted. adventure postponed.
 Home from the shop with  few new parts. First ride is in the morning. 
 I'm at Passion Trail Bikes (415 Old County Rd, btw Mountain View Ave & Marine View St, Belmont) 
 My new pedals are shhhexy 
  your kids nickname will be skywalker. just sayin. i approve :P
 star trek keeps on giving and giving - 
  aaaaaaaaaaa!
  just now happened!
 I has mountain bike.
 peeps and the coast is my fav combo - 
 i just leveled up TJs Byrani dish by cooking it in coconut oil. 
 Keep up the fight against Internet Blacklist Bill!  Click here:  via 
 who used only commas in this filename? may the unicorns Rainbow Warp in to your spleen and wreak havoc!
 new b&w shot up! 
 Me: Its 70 in here and I want to turn the heater on, PCV in Mongolia (-20 degrees): Shut your dirty whore mouth.
 flow charts make religion look bad, mkaaaay? 
 found all this tasty Afghani food in my fridge. what will i do?!  
  Oh yeah? Thats pretty exciting! And yeah, Sushi happens :P
  Yes it is (with some caveats) and I have gone vegan :)
 Trains.
 It gasped and flopped, gasped and flopped, then got bashed in the face
 Great day on the coast with  peeps.  
 The living roof  
 oh snap. RT  What do a viola & a lawsuit have in common? Everyone is happy when the case is closed.
 OH: "just slap some titties on a dinosaur and let the $$$ roll in"
 Someone pls strike my current location with an orbital space laser. Its the humane thing to do. 
 Sushi with  peeps ( Matsuri) 
 Insanity warm up for a 5k run in the rain with  I went barefoot the first half, second half I opted for vibrams. 
 all coconuts meet their death. 
 Whole Foods has nothing on this place ( Berkeley Bowl West w/ 3 others) 
 RT  Who DOESN'T WANT a Lego Headlamp!?  
 running through puddles is pretty fun once you get warmed up. i went 4mi in the rain  today.
 Finally! The beauty of an Apple UI with the power of a Windows OS. Welcome to Windows 7.
 Browsing with Chrome to support a good cause: 
 I just ousted Jazzmin T. as the mayor of Wells Fargo Bank on  
 Effin neato.  Watch 200 Years of Global Growth In 4 Minutes: 
  is playing the new Tron OST and I'm playing Inception. I think a tear in space-time is about to appear between our rooms.
  really impressed with your plugin for Wordpress. More like portal software than a plugin.
 I wish the singularity would get here already. Then I could sex unusual things. Like soundtracks. Tron: Legacy 
 I get the IMPRESSION your mom is awesome, hur hur RT  I was expecting cookies - 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Trader Joe's - Hillsdale on  
 Most creative food ever! ( Gather) 
 Van Gough for my eeyyeeess ( de Young Museum) 
 Help protect corporate whistle-blowers!  via 
 That is one funny ass tweet. (Tofu Activists Spoof Meat-Based Indie Game: )
 NASA-Funded Research Discovers Life Built With Toxic Chemical  via 
  i have a solution to your sock problem. guess what it is...
 hitchens vs blair debate videos - .  
 got rained on during my run today. 
  your welcome
 ran 4mi tonight. added running pants and a super thin beanie to my wearz. trying to stay barefoot as long as possible.  
 any fancy trip/event planners out there that r filled with social network goodness?
 Oregon Senator Wyden effectively kills Internet censorship bill | Raw Story  
 RT  I love this website: 
 a phishing email snuck through to me in gmail today. i kinda miss spam. "Let us be seen in the battlefield. On the machines!" 
 is Hard Rain set in an alternate universe where the inventor of the umbrella was never born? 
 Hehe 
 P-I-Z-Z-A, gimme pizzaaaaaaaa! Sprouted pizza bread from  
 look at all the people like cows in a herd, well i like.........birds *whistles*
 the next step for 4sq like services - 
 i mentioned an attachment in my email and gmail warned me that i forgot to attach a file when i hit send. that is radcakes.
 Pescadero State Beach (wave break 5000) 
 The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets Nest! ( Guild Theatre w/  
 i love the first two segments,  never fails to amaze me - 
 cali is so weird. just about every state and national seat went blue, but the voting on the props was almost entirely opposite...
  i think you made the save in Delaware, lol
 I voted there earlier! Gimme my badge lol ( Voting at 225 37th Ave w/  
 I just unlocked the "I Voted 2010" badge on  
 RT  Californians, don't forget to vote for Prop 19! Even if u don't smoke, its the right thing to do! Ur kids will be safer i ...
 RT  Want to learn how dangerous your favorite drug is?  Now there's a chart: 
 civi duty: complete. YOUR TURN! If you dont  u r a bad person. bad ppl always get eaten first by zombies.  to save yourself!
 I just ousted Timothy G. as the mayor of Chase - San Mateo on  
 RT  OK, peoples... you've got 3 more hours left for SF Giants tweets. After that I will unfriend you as I hate spam. That is a ...
 i just blarghed! a must read - 
 RT  Just got through watching the premiere of  and I was super happy with it. Can't wait to see the rest of the ...
 fresh cilantro is delicious. also, once humanity finally kills itself off, dolphins and crows will reign supreme.
  hahaha, that is so awesome! 
 RT  At the PlayStation Halloween party. We've spotted a Splicer!   (
 I miss my mtb :(
 silly amazon customer images strike again, haha - 
 Stop your money from funding  corporate takeover -- ask your local chamber to leave today:  
 fun shot that never made it to my feed for some reason. remedied! 
 dont have any SPs where i am smiling. does this count? getting closer, lol - 
  what did you think of Watchmen?
 if people read more Fitzgerald, they would understand why Trickle Down Economics is 
 it sounds like the 4th of July outside. there is chanting, yelling and random fireworks/explosions popping all around.
 first camera phone shot to go up on my flickr account - 
 a lonely looking light house - 
 not the point of this vid, but kids swearing crack me up every time -  
 dont write your CL help wanted ad in all caps, title and body. that scares the bejebus out the talented folks :s
 go to google and type in "jersey shore is a" and check out what shows up in the dropdown, lol
 finally watched The Cove tonight. tough to watch. everyone should see it though.  
 RT  Pure. Fucking. Brilliance. A must, must, must read.  via 
 leaf pr0n III! 
 leaf pr0n II - 
 One step closer to Starfleet - International Effort Brings an Open Standard For Docking In Space: 
 leaf pr0n  - 
 finished The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo (book). Saw the film first, it follows the book very closely, they made great choices adapting it
 ummm thats called the Liberty Cannon. we unlocked that weapon years ago. der. 
 spring mix, strawberries, green apples, olive oil, lemon juice and chia seeds make a tasty salad 
 Just made a vegan reuben sandwich. Quite tasty for my first try.
 I just became the mayor of USPS Mailbox 9440300067 on  
 leaf peeping  
 shot from Boothe Bay. This phone shot might be better then my dslr version 
 today I am a Leaf Peeper Extraordinaire
 the kennebec river - 
 I just unlocked the "I'm on a boat!" badge on  
 Awesome. ( Abacus Gallery) 
 Yesterday evening 
 Time for a turbo prop flight to end the day, wewt  ( Terminal C - Newark Liberty Int'l Airport (EWR) w/ 23 others)
 I love airports :) ( San Francisco International Airport (SFO) w/ 90 others) 
 whiiiiipppp ccreeeaaaaammm falllliiinn liiiike waaattteeerrfaaaaalllllllllllls
 meaaaatttllloooaaaafffffff? pppuuuuuuuuut iiiiitttt iiinnnnn ttthhhhhhheeeee ppiiizzzzzzaaaaaaaaaa
 the pizza song has traumatized me...where am i... 
 a light on the darkness, 
 new self portrait is up - 
 goooo china, woooo! i like the simulation feed they run - 
 Funny card my mom got for her birthday 
 So many tasty things here my brain is shorting out ( Off the Grid: Fort Mason Center w/ 8 others) 
  what did you get?! 
 y is there any question about the ending of  it was pretty clear. i guess this is why the Tea Party exists
 awesome shot!  RT if the world ends right now, at least I'm on the roof 
 good for a lol - 
 Oh fun lol. no worries :)
 i cant even read it all. its like reading a horror story - 
 Big ass bowl of tasty cereal  
  is our modern Gobbles. that is some scary shit.
 sweet painting technique - 
 "You're talking about a premeditated crime against the US Government...", "Hey, your second one today! Welcome to the dark side!" 
 Central cali can be pretty 
 Cruisin up the 5 
 Got an interview next week, wewt.
 Beautiful morning to be on the road 
 my mountain bike was stolen yesterday. waiting to see how much insurance will give me for it. 
 more  silliness - 
 RT  “I think this is the scariest photograph I've ever seen:  BP's river of death” via 
  did u have some bad tacos?
