 Sparkling wine tasting at Mosto in Marina del Rey!!
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Grassy - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Gasoline - 
 In honor of  my 3 fave French wines for summer 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Brix scale - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Blocage - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Spur-trained - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Petite Sirah - 
 Check out  press new series on  ways to taste wine...
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Sparkling Wine - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Cabernet Franc - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Pasteurization - 
 Wineopolis is aboard the  with   
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Liqueur - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Viticulture - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Mutage - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Olfactory - 
 Remember "Inglenook" wines? Coppola's bringin' em back...  
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Joven - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Negociant - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Maritime - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Cultivate - 
 Wineopolis celebrates one-year milestone 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Must - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Sifone - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Corked - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Aesthetic - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Logistics - 
 Tonight: my FAVE new show about WINE on BBC America.  James May (Top Gear) + Oz Clarke...Brilliant pairing!  
 Chateau L'Ermitage Rose + BBQ...
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Austere - 
 Wine Talk: The (female) nose  via 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: QbA - 
 Earth Day - You might be more eco-conscious than you think! 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Basalt - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Ward - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Ripasso - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Earthy - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: CIVC - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Palate - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Cork - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Organic - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Semiseco - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Tasting - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: QWpsr - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Retsina - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Vertical Tasting - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Maturity - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Loess - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Tempranillo - 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Pinot Blanc - 
 Falling in love with Pinot Noir all over again... read my feature/sign up at:
 Check out my interview on Grape Encounters Radio!   
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Dump Bucket - 
 RT  Healthy Splurges: Are Farm Stays the New Spas?  
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Zippy - 
 How to look cool while opening a bottle of bubbly...5 tips on popping the cork (and pouring) like a pro!  
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Mercaptan - 
 "Bobby P" shifts focus from CA wines ... Will new wine critic influence California wines to be molto Italiano?
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Sulfites - 
 If a Groundhog has anything to do with weather, for the sake of the vineyards, thank you for not seeing your shadow! 
 What do you think?  Are sweet wines for you? 
 Happy new launch! Certified Wine Expert program. Wahoo!
 Hi Twitter Peeps!
 Loved me some Red Flannel Hash from  2nite! w/chicken, broccoli. Served w/Riesling. Sweet & savory gourmet mash, yum!
 Did you know?
 Signing Wineopolis books tonight  Ladies Who Launch Bazaar.  1 lucky winner gets cool gift for dropping by!  
 Shopping for a wine-lover this holiday season?  Get them the Wineopolis Guide to Napa & Sonoma....
 FREE EVENT tomorrow night!  Holiday Bazaar.  
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day:  Fumé Blanc 
 Making biscotti for the holidays?  
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Cuvaison 
 Actually...the amount of nose-tickling fizziness can be soft & gentle (perlant or spritzig) to uber-bubbly foam (spumante or espumoso).
 Monday's wine musings...
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Weinkeller
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day:  Vitis vinifera
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day:  Vitis labrusca
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day: Charmat Method
 How much wine do I buy for Thanksgiving dinner?
 Never realized how much of a public service a "Turkey Hotline" really is...a lot of people out there need SERIOUS help!
 Thanksgiving - so many dishes, so many wines
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day...
 Wine Word-of-the-day:  Provenance
 Friday Trivia for you!  
  Thanks so much!  Glad you like it.
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day...
 Wineopolis Word-of the-day...
 10 foods that go with Beaujolais Nouveau:
 What to do with wine leftovers 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day...
 Get your Beaujolais Nouveau on!
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day...
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day...
 Great podcast, especially for Fridays!!!  Enjoy!
 Where can I find?
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-day...
 Napa meets the "Ring"? 
 Wineopolis Word-of-the-Day...
 What's The Defintion of Botrytis Cinerea?
 Are sweet-wine drinkers more taste sensitive???  Interesting study. 
 Preliminary figures for 2009 World Wine Production...Italy may beat France this time! No hard feelings...je t'aime tous les deux.
 Pick up a copy of Citizen's Guide to California Wine Country: Napa and Sonoma (Wineopolis)  via 
 Wineopolis recently was award a US trademark: :
 Wineopolis' Official Online Identity Page Verified by Verify.IM  via 
 OR wine country - CH Bailey House  
 Releasing my wine travel guide to Napa and Sonoma this month! Sign up at wineopolis.com or contact me at heidi
