  don't know how serious it is, I took mine off in the parking lot and my ACM didn't have one on this morning either.
  also Day 1 of the CC 'no-tie' zone, which I totally forgot about this morning.  Thankfully there's an easy fix.
  commented on your post b/c my thoughts wouldn't fit on a twitter feed.
 “           TY!
 I'm at Black's Barbecue (215 N Main St, at W Walnut St, Lockhart) w/ 2 others 
 CR 52 & 69 public meeting ( Calallen High School) 
 I'm at Dos Comales Cafe y Cantina (227 N. Water Street, at William St, Corpus Christi) 
 RT  Of all the bad men, religious bad men are the worst-CSLewis
 Sunrise from Packery Channel 
 Talking the phase 2 Packery Channel project with Channel 3 First Edition show ( Packery Channel Park) 
 Headed out to Packery Channel to meet  for a few live segments on the First Edition
 RT  Tropical Storm  advisory 1 issued. Tropical storm  forms over the southern gulf of mexico. 
 RT  CC, we need more people to check in on Four Square to have more fun and get more discounted swag… (cont) 
   and with that, I'm out of there
    yep, projects run themselves while we all accumulate mayorships and badges, oh and you'll never catch me Fox
   thanks, I'll be here all day - or not once this item is done, I'll be back upstairs getting stuff done.
  shhh, I supposed to be paying attention to this item
  and I still have my tie on.
  I would sure think so. Although I forgot to take mine off before coming down here just now.
  guess I can take my tie off now? nice...now if we can get island wear approved for year 'round wear at City Hall
 Just had a long discussion with  about PR 22, Destination Bayfront and Bond 08 status
 One last 11v11 workout for Beth and then we're headed home. ( Hardin Simmons Soccer Complex) 
 I just became the mayor of Hardin Simmons Soccer Complex on  
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Hampton Inn Abilene on  
 I'm at Hardin Simmons Soccer Complex (Abilene) 
 Dropping Bethany off for soccer camp with the D3 National Champions ( Hardin-Simmons University) 
 I'm at Dos Comales Cafe y Cantina (227 N. Water Street, at William St, Corpus Christi) 
 Interesting factoid: After the Bush tax cuts, the top 1% of income earners paid more in federal income taxes than the bottom 95% combined
 I'm at Starbucks (3738 S Staples, Doddridge, Corpus Christi) 
 Headed out to our Staples St project to meet  to discuss road work on The Morning Edition show 
 Good day, worked with  to finish up and get the RFQ for the DB Master Phasing an Implementation Plan ready to advertise
 I'm at Starbucks (1304 Wildcat Dr, Portland) 
  I guess it all depends on one's perspective. and the topics at hand.  Definitely can't complete with most daytime tv
  yes, thankfully I'm listening to it upstairs while getting some work done.
  first  time in years that the Capital Budget was approved before the Operating budget.
  pass on our thanks to Dave for this story: New Boat Ramp Gets Closer Look | KRISTV.com |:  via 
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Starbucks (1304 Wildcat Dr, Portland) 
 On the way home ( Dairy Queen) 
 I'm at America's Best Value Inn (Taylor) 
 Wow, they LeBron'd it.  Twice had it won and twice gave it away.  Congrats on 2nd, but no one remembers 2nd place finishers
 Gooooooooooooooooooooal 
 I'm at St. Edward's University (3001 S Congress Ave, Woodward St, Austin) 
 On the way to St Edwards to drop off Beth for soccer camp ( Kenedy, TX) 
 I'm at Tiger Tote (101-303 S Sunset Strip St, Kenedy) 
 I'm at Real Life Fellowship (Portland) 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Texas Star Shell on  
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 On site meeting with several stakeholders ( Clem's Marina) [pic]: 
  yes, but only to manage projects.  It's more cost effective to hire firms as needed to do the designs. We have 120+ active projects
   none, Council appointed a Committee to work the street funding issue.  We will hire Engr firms to design the projects.
 Bear Lane road project public meeting ( West Oso Middle School) 
 Excellent, hopfully I can watch the replay later...RT  It's over!!!! WAY TO GO!!!  USA-France 3-1 
  espn3.com i think has it.
  the MLB ASG was last night?  oh well, pretty sure I didn't miss anything
 Impressive growth while others (namely CA) were going backwards: Texas economy ranks  in the nation  via 
 RT  The next time you think about voting for public funding of a sport's stadium, read this.  
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 I just ousted Elaine G. as the mayor of Popeye's Chicken on  
 I'm at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport (DFW) (3200 E Airfield Dr, off International Pkwy, DFW Airport) 
 I'm at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) (17801 International Blvd., S 188th St, Seatac) w/ 7 others 
 SeaTac  giving DMV a run for their money for the worst customer service for a gov't agency.  And that's a "no groping" opinion
  nice
  USWNT plays Brazil tomorrow
 I'm at Camp Murray (Lakewood) 
 I'm at Joint McChord / Lewis Military Base (McChord AFB, Levitow blvd, McChord AFB) 
 I'm at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) (17801 International Blvd, S 188th St, Seatac) w/ 45 others 
 Scored the last first class seat to Seattle, thanks 
  nice article, he sounds more mature than the adult "fans" around town.  Wish him all the best except when OU plays A&M
 Evidently some trial reached a verdict yesterday that people don't agree with.  Which is worse? The guilty goi… (cont) 
 Just watched  U17 tm get plastered by Ger. 4-0, btwn that & the U20s failures, if that's our best young talent then we're in trouble
 RT  Love creates beauty.The more you love a person,the more beauty you see in them & feeling loved, they become more beautiful.
 The rout is on, 3-0  over Columbia
 First day of our annual (virtual) tour of France, glad it's in HD now.  
  that's good to hear, my dad beat (so far) throat cancer several years back.
  nice video of you trying to get someone to answer the phone
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 Project status and schedule resolution meeting for the New Broadway wastewater treatment plant ( Broadway WWTP) 
 Hope we don't have to use the information and plans we are discussing now - disaster damage assessment and recovery
 but of course RT “ Nothing attracts CC complainers like asking them to stop and actually do something  ”
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Marker 0 (Port Aransas Beach Rd, Port Aransas) 
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 We'll never compete until we re-think our youth soccer methodology USMNT: Red, white and blew it (again)- 
  thanks fore the reminder, ESPN3 is streaming the video but only works for certain providers.  Not sure where there would be radio
 Hey  two area girls are leaving this week for the invite only Region 3 US Womens Nat. Soccer Youth Team tryouts 
 However, it would have been interesting to see how good they could have been if they had actually selected an… (cont) 
 JD's U14 GP Pony all-star team qual'd for the Super-Reg tourny this wkend, so I guess we'll have to add that  to our summer plans. 
 Watched the 1st half of the US-Mex soccer game at Jason's Deli in New Bransfels before heading back home. Pretty wild half
 I'm at Schlitterbahn Waterpark - Blastenhoff (400 S Union Avenue, E Lincoln St., New Braunfels) w/ 3 others 
 RT  Destination Bayfront asks for a city agreement  
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
  interesting it was.  One way or another I am hoping for some direction.
 I'm at First United Methodist Church (Shoreline,  Furman, Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Starbucks (Wildcat Dr, Portland) 
 Why is asking for ID only discriminatory when it comes to voting? 
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Starbucks (Wildcat Dr, Portland) 
 What a disappointing  A&M and UT combine to go 0 for Omaha in their short stay's there
 Nice, when controlled for ethnicity TX educators do a sig. better job of educating students than WI across ethnic lines 
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Starbucks (Wildcat Dr, Portland) 
 I'm at H-E-B w/  
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Starbucks (Wildcat Dr, Portland) 
  It probably takes into account that the per capita income in TX is over $40k per yr & Eagle Ford shale jobs aren't minimum wage
 45% of net U.S. job creation in the last 2 years comes from Texas. Evidently companies like the business climate & education level of Texans
 2nd time today, on the way to Katy and now back home ( Prasek's Hillje Smokehouse) 
 I'm at Katy Park (Katy Park Dr, Katy) 
 ODP training for Beth ( Katy Park) 
  that's too bad, AL baseball is significantly more enjoyable to watch without all of the automatic outs
 Watching JD at the NW Pony Fields in Annaville, these fields are in awful shape. The batters feet are 6" below home plate among other things
  thanks, track & soccer recruiting have been completely diff processes with soccer most like football with clubs acting as HS fb
 I'm at NWPL Baseball Softball (11233 Haven Drive, Violet, Corpus Christi) 
 Not Speedy ( Speedy Stop) 
 Going to be an interesting summer for Beth,USWNT Reg.3 camp by invite, 3 col. combines & other visits, 15-20 interested in her 
   interesting dis earlier, oldest d went through this 2 yrs ago (SHSU track) & now  … (cont) 
 I'm at Dos Comales Cafe y Cantina (227 N. Water Street, Williams, Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
  thanks
  thanks, although most of it comes from the other side.
 here they are, the whole fam... 
  - stopped by yesterday for lunch with a friend, excel. food & conversation. Definitely on both our list of places to eat dtown
  anytime...oh and 4sq is the only way I'll ever be called Mayor here.
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall 
  hope you got what you needed today.  It was good charting with you, you're always welcome to stop by when in the building
 I'm at Starbucks 
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Dos Comales Cafe y Cantina (227 N. Water Street, Williams, Corpus Christi) 
  no that was at Hibbets in Portland
  it will be interesting to watch/be a part of over the next few months...
 congrats  let's bring another piece of hardware home to College Station from Omaha... 
 Pretty cool GP under armor except for one minor problem...  
 I just became the mayor of Hibbet Sports on  
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Starbucks (Wildcat Dr, Portland) 
 RT  If you don't get to Jesus, it's just a Sunday school lesson.
 I just became the mayor of Real Life Fellowship on  
 “ Panama has handed the  its 1st ever defeat in group play at the Gold Cup, 2-1.” wow, we should never lose to Panama 
 Another baseball game ( 13 Acre Park) 
   that's so many National Championships this year that I've lost count!  
  how about that Aggie track team - another double national championship x3 now.  
 whoop!! “ AGGIE MEN COMPLETE TRIPLE-DOUBLE”
 “ BACK-TO-BACK-TO-BACK! Aggie women claim their 3rd-straight NCAA Outdoor Track & Field National Champs  whoop!
 Must be doing something right RT  Texas added 37% of all US jobs since recovery began 
 So is it wrong for me to be pleased that my nephew couldn't make his HS grad (600 kids) yesterday due to an il… (cont) 
 It's time for LeBrondown, Part II 
 From inside the beast this was good to hear yesterday...New CM Ron Olson: City lacks leadership, accountability  
 I'm at Starbucks (Wildcat Dr, Portland) 
 Oh, and free larado tacos from stripes due to a 11 strike out performance on the mound tonight  great night for baseball
 Bonus baseball here at Whataburger or a walk off win 
 I'm at Whataburger Field (Whataburger Field, Corpus Christi) 
 And that's why LBJ will never be equal to MJ, MJ was an alpha dog and LBJ isn't RT  Ladies an… (cont) 
 Exactly RT  Congrats to Robstown, Calallen & Carroll for advancing to the TX St Finals! hope to see three c'ships brought home!
  is getting schooled by the world champs, they'll never close the gap the way youth soccer is managed in this country.
 I'm at Prasek's Hillje Smokehouse (29714 US 59, In Hillje South of El Campo, El Campo) 
 I'm at Valero Corner Store (Portland) 
 Remember... 
 RT  This Memorial Day, remember to pay it forward: Freedom.  in   
 All gave some, some gave all  
 Greater love hath no man than this, that he lay down his life for his friends. Jesus  
 not a pretty picture esp. with our unserious political class - Conrad Black: A world of financial ruin 
  and on average the  players earn more than the '11 NYY do.  The man united ones aren't too badly paid either
 Goooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaal  3-1 now
 GooooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaL  1-1
 Gooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaal 
 RT  "This is real love—not that we loved God, but that he loved us and sent his Son as a sacrifice to take away our sins." -1 ...
 Who will get the glory today?  r  The best player in the world -  r Mexico's own   
 Good to see both Moody and Calallen win to set up an all Coastal Bend Regional 4A Final; let's go Carroll, win and get to your final as well
  nice, got some U2 radio going on Pandora in the office this am...
 No influence here in a 3 pt game Mia - 33 FTA; Chi 21 FTA 
 RT  Nothing frustrates me more than watching people fail at what they're paid to do...esp when it's at my team's expense  ...
 RT  If you don't love the poor, you don't know what God's done for you.
 I just ousted Cassie H. as the mayor of Mardel Christian and Education  on  
 In games 4 & 5  - 50 FTA;  - 75 FTA, with all the 4th calls going  way... 
 I watch for the grace & athleticism of the players & then turn it off because the guys with whistles completel… (cont) 
 GPJH Most Outstanding Athlete  
 Upriver Road public meeting ( St Theresa  Church) 
 The only team outside of the top 12 Metro areas to win an  title since Portland in '79 is SA (which woul… (cont) 
 Sad thing about  falling apart last night is that even though their young they'll only get a couple of sho… (cont) 
 Why not this guy? -- Herman Cain  via 
 'Cept the strip was a foul and he traveled before the 3  RT  Jason Kid… (cont) 
 can't believe I'm rooting for the  but all the love for Dirk who can't get called for traveling is getting nauseating
 Cuban enjoy this now,  is just setting you up to get you again in the finals, just like on '06.
   probably already there, but whatever he says it's not my fault.  I was the quiet one.
 Flour Bluff Business Association mtg ( Real Life Fellowshio) 
 Headed home from San Marcus where Jake's  team won the WDDOA Texas Cup Championship
 I'm at 5 Mile Dam Soccer Park 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Pettus on  
 I just ousted Brandey A. as the mayor of Skidmore on  
 wow “ O-M-G. Yes, I just said that. Top 2nd, Calallen still batting: Calallen 17, Rio Grande City 1. Mathisen 3-run bomb.”
 I'm at 5 Mile Dam Soccer Park 
 Dropping Beth off at IWU for a training session ( University of the Incarnate Word) 
 Filling up for the trip to SA and San Marcos for soccer ( Starbucks) 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Portland on  
 At  for lunch, not the typical  lunch experience
  agree.
  wow, that's an example on how not to respond to a media request regardless of the merits of the item in question.
 A president elected partly by those complaining about an illegal war, is now fighting what amounts to an illegal war- 
 I just ousted Cassie H. as the mayor of Portland on  
  It opened about 9 pm last night after the contractor finished installing the guardrail on the bridge.
  stopped by this evening and it looks like they had a little trouble getting the guardrail finished & so hadn't opened it at 7.
  thanks for the Thai list, tried Thai Cottage tonight and it was excellent. Definitely worth a place on the repeat list.
  true, time eases pain, I grew up in Htown and hated that Bud Adams moved them.  Not really rooting for or against OKC
  tough q-lived up there when the NBA abetted the move, but love watching KD's game. Did Oiler fans root for the Titans? I didn't
 RT  The hero & the coward both feel exactly the same fear, only the hero confronts his fear & converts it to fire. -Cus D' ...
 RT  Congratulations to Corpus Christi's John Paul II Centurions on their second consecutive high school baseball state champio ...
  There were also a lot of Ds scared of Pres GHW Bush after Gulf War & that's how a little known Gov won 
  Texas A&M Roundtable - ESPN Video - ESPN 
  just tell them you're with the parties and not staying for the concert
  thanks for the update, will be interesting to watch District 2 & 3
 Spent some time today getting this ready for use, now just lounging by it thinking about heading out in a little while 
 Beautiful spring day 
 RT  Have you voted today? Polls open until 7pm.
 Two wks w/ new CM and haven't been in his office yet, significant mgmt style change from the previous CM - for the better
  stopped by for dinner with the wife on Tuesday, good food and nice atmosphere.  We'll be back
 Full house again, Britny's home from SHSU.  Getting the oil changed in her truck this morning.
 RT  Vote today in CC!  Shameful if only 8% turn out...no complaining without participating, agree?
 At the Portland Relay For Life ( Wildcat Stadium) 
 I just ousted William S. as the mayor of Wildcat Stadium on  
 I just became the mayor of Dairy Queen on  
 RT  Happy Mothers Day. "Her children rise up and call her blessed; her husband also, and he praises her" (Prov 31:28).
 Back up here for Beth's game ( North East Metropolitan Park Soccer Fields) 
 I just became the mayor of Exxon - Tiger Tote on  
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Nixon, TX on  
 I just ousted Towanda M. as the mayor of Tiger Tote on  
 I just became the mayor of Taft on  
 Listened to some  preaching and jammed U2 on the way to Jake's soccer game in Austin, yep I'm not and don't want to be "normal"
 I'm at Starbucks (Wildcat Dr, Portland) 
 I just became the mayor of Valero Corner Store on  
 ahh...memories from Mosul, Iraq circa 2006 with a couple of other Ags. 
  thanks for the heads-up; Passed this on to my traffic engr and he'll get one of his signs & markings crews to replace. 
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 Small (venti) reward for a perfect dental check-up ( Starbucks) 
 Time for the annual check-up, not something to look forward to. ( The Dental Place) 
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
  I think they'll get them tonight, but it's going to be a long series.  Still don't see anyone beating the  though
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 CC ranks 2nd on Forbes 2011 Best Cities for Jobs list and 10 of the 15 cities named in the three categories ar… (cont) 
 I'm at Starbucks (Wildcat Dr, Portland) 
 Heard an update on the  Engineering Dept from Dr. Nix, the Dean.  Good things happening down there...
 I'm at George Bush Intercontinental Airport (IAH) (2800 N Terminal Rd, Houston) w/ 35 others 
 Finally headed home via Houston instead of DFW after spending the night in the SeaTac  Guess I won't make it into the office today.
 Flight delayed, rebooked for Continental for first thing in the am ( SEATAC Airport USO) 
 I'm at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) (17801 International Blvd, at S 188th St, Seatac) w/ 52 others 
 RT  Thank you, Chicago Sun-Times: 
 But it's still a good night to play some Toby Keith, who by the way is on his 9th USO tour right now 
 As much as I'd like us to be out of AfPak, this is only a step in the fight against terror, AQ and militant Islam is more than one man
 Congrats to the intell and military for pulling this op off and to the NCA for having the guts to allow them to go into Pakistan to get OBL
 RT  May God continue to watch over and protect all are service men and women who are still serving all around the world :) I Amen
 thanks for the mention        
 RT            (via  ...
 I'm at McChord Air Force Base 
 For lunch not golf ( Whispering Firs Golf Course) 
 I just became the mayor of Hideaway Club JBLM on  
 I'm at Starbucks (10314 S Tacoma Way, Tacoma) 
  just doing what I do, thankfully the weather is going to be great up here this weekend.
    argh...would be true matey, 'cept I'm up pillaging on the Puget Sound this wkend for the Air Nat. Grd
 Heading to Seattle for another winter weekend ( CRP- Gate 5) 
 I just ousted Danielle C. as the mayor of Water Utilities Office on  
 Back at it, thought of the day: salute smartly and move on ( Corpus Christi City Hall) 
 The enormity of El Clasico, note: both teams avg salary is greater than the  - soccer is where the $ is  (via 
 Surprised twice by  today, hate it when that happens.
 RT  In a just world the next round would be Vancouver vs. Seattle. I would've paid my own airfare to be at that series.
 Glad to see that the "real"  season has finally started, had more games on at the house over the last w… (cont) 
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Starbucks (Wildcat Dr, Portland) 
 RT  "He is risen! And O the overflow of that single event." 
 RT  "He isn’t here! He is risen from the dead, just as he said would happen. Come, see where his body was lying." -Matthew 28:6
 I just ousted Patrick W. as the mayor of North Shore Country Club on  
 I'm at Starbucks (Wildcat Dr, Portland) 
 I'm at H-E-B (1600 Wildcat Dr, Portland) 
  It's going to start getting that way around here soon, although I have a Traffic Engr budget mt… (cont) 
  it's lighter than a normal Friday afternoon over here at the  but there's still plenty of work getting done
 RT  Betrayed by Judas, denied by Peter, abandoned by the eleven, forsaken by God. Darkness, you get one hour. Then you die.
 Remember this, it's pretty rare ( La Palmera Shopping Center) 
 looking at budget cuts to traffic engineering this morning, wonder where to start turning off street lights (over 50% of  their budget)...
  and you get them when they're good with the guy who's going to own the league for a long time
  lived there 10yr Sea is more bball town than anything else. Typ. sports holdup wanted city to replace arena renov. 10yr earlier
  ahem...this game should be in Sea. It still burns how Stern & Bennett conspired to steal them away from Sea 
 I'm at Holiday Inn Sunspree Resort Corpus Christi (15202 Windward Dr, Corpus Christi) 
 Glad I looked at my schedule, just saw a Bond 08 presentation that I'm to the PI Kiwanis Group that I set up last month...
 I'm at Starbucks (Wildcat Dr, Portland) 
 I'm at Stripes (Corpus Christi) 
 Congrats Kirby   CCISD names new police chief from pool of four applicants. 
 I'm at Dairy Queen (Kenedy) 
  hope you get the other two, unfortunately I'm in Austin for kid's weekend soccer games. 
 I'm at Kale's House 
 Time for game 1 of the weekend. ( North East Metropolitan Park) 
 I just ousted Cassie H. as the mayor of Starbucks on  
 I just became the mayor of 13 Acre Park on  
 I just became the mayor of Popeye's Chicken on  
 I just ousted Chandler N. as the mayor of Portland Community Center on  
 makes sense to me: WSJ.com - Opinion: Old Enough to Fight, Old Enough to Drink 
 from WSJ: A study of single, childless urban workers between the ages of 22 and 30 found that women earned 8… (cont) 
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Ridgewood Park (Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Mardel's Bookstore (Corpus Christi) 
 I am for it, but right now I think there is only one place in Tx on I-10 that's even 80 (east of El Paso) R… (cont) 
 Getting a pick me up while out checking on a couple of construction projects ( Starbucks) 
 Was just interviewed by  Michael Gibson (again) Re: Road projects and state of CC streets (inc Carro… (cont) 
 Heading out to look at a failing road section - I know that could describe any number of places in the City
 Which is why we are doing everything we can to minimize our kids student loan debt load RT  RT  (cont) 
   okay, so I was only off by 2 strokes...glad to see it have a competitive ending
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 I just ousted Keaton F. as the mayor of Corpus Christi City Hall on  
 I'm at Starbucks (Wildcat Dr, Portland) 
  -11 playoff, outright win at -12
 I'm at Taco Cabana (2347 E. Southcross, San Antonio) 
 I'm at Classics Elite (1600 E Bitters Rd, San Antonio) 
 I'm at University of the Incarnate Word (4301 Broadway St, Hildebrand, San Antonio) 
 Just arrived for Jake's Lonestar game - two teams tied for first ( Schertz Soccer Complex) 
 I just ousted Dana E. as the mayor of GPJHS on  
 Well, let's see if GP can take advantage of the wind and get back into this game
 It's getting ugly, down 4-0 w/ 20 min left to defend into the wind.  
 Ready for the GP/Vista Ridge girls Regional Semi's ( C C I S D Sports Complex) 
 RT          (cont) 
 don't understand why the R's are getting blame for a gov't shutdown, wasn't the budget due before 10/1/10 when the D's controlled all?
  thanks, it's going to be tough for both FB & GP today.  Both Boerne and Vista Ridge have multiple D1 soccer signees.
  she also plays Center-mid for the GP girls and they have a tough one tomorrow in the 4A Regional Semi's vs. Vista Ridge.
  that an odd reversal, usually it's you guys with cameras catching my guys and/or contractors doing or not doing work.
 Beth getting interviewed by Tyler Garrett from  about her USWNT Region 3 Camp invitation 
 Tyler Garrett from  is out getting some footage from training tonight 
 I just became the mayor of Ridgewood Park on  
 I'm at Corpus Christi Airport (CRP) ✈ (1000 International Drive, SH 44, Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Starbucks (Wildcat Dr, Portland) 
 I just ousted Jasen J. as the mayor of Harbor Bridge on  
 RT  We are the NCAA national champs!!!! Whoop!!! Defense wins championships!!!!! WreckingCrew!!!!
 National Champions Texas A&M! WhoopB  
 GP girls win 2-1 over Valley View, onto the Regional Semi's 
 GP girls up 2-0 at half over Valley View 
 Getting ready for the GP/Valley View girls Regional Soccer Quarterfinal ( Alice Memorial Stadium) 
 I'm at Starbucks (3738 S Staples, Doddridge, Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Corpus Christi Airport (CRP) ✈ (1000 International Drive, SH 44, Corpus Christi) 
 Wow, this redeye from Seattle to Dallas is packed.
 Heading home ( Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) w/ 41 others) 
 Congrats Jim Calhoun and  you cheated and you won, that's the  way.
 Getting fueled for todays commanders conference ( Starbucks) 
 RT  All y'all assuming the Lady Aggies will fall to UConn better ask Baylor & Stanford about making assumptions!   ...
 Me 2! RT  Talk about fanatical def. effort! I hope the WC plays with that much grit next year. Congrats Coach Blair & lady AGS
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Evergreen Inn Lodging at McChord Field on  
 I'm at Starbucks (1225 Center Drive, DuPont) 
 Whoop  into the finals!
 I'm at The Ram (8100 Freedom Ln NE, Olympia) 
 I'm at Hideaway Club JBLM (Tacoma) 
 Didn't get to see it, but GP girls beat Beeville in a shootout 3-2 to advance in the playoffs.  
 First of 100 or so RT  Astros blow 4-0 lead, lose 5-4 to the Phillies, Lyon gives up 3 runs and 6 hits in 7 at bats in the 9th
  thanks for the mention
 I'm at Camp Murray (Lakewood) 
 Finally here ( Evergreen Inn Lodging at McChord Field) 
 Finally, only 1 hour late.  Now to drive down to McChord Field ( Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) ✈) 
 Man, almost missed a free upgrade because the dude couldn't pronounce my name
 Still waiting on my delayed flight ( Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport (DFW) ✈ w/ 55 others) 
 RT  Let me say it clearly, plainly, lovingly, pleadingly. You are in danger. Without Jesus, you go to hell.  ...
 Sitting in DFW having dinner waiting on my now delayed flight to Seattle
 Heading to Seattle ( Corpus Christi Airport (CRP) ✈) 
 I'm at Art Center of Corpus Christi (100 North Shoreline Boulevard, Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 RT  Congrats to the state's best  D1 college basketball team, the Texas A&M women.
 GP girls beat Pleasanton 3-0 behind a James hat-trick 
 GP girls at up 2-0 over Pleasanton at the half playing up on Pleasanton's bush league sized field.  
 Finally arrived and ready for the GP v. Pleasanton girls soccer playoff game ( Pleasanton Athletic Center) 
 "Sensitive and creative" not sure I've heard that applied to a city engr project before. 
 Had to drop off some trip items for Beth for the long bus ride to Pleasanton for a playoff soccer game 
 Back at it. ( Corpus Christi City Hall) 
 I'm at Hibbet Sports (Portland) 
 Congrats to Beth for being selected to attend the US Women's National Soccer Team Region 3 camp this summer… (cont) 
 At Real Life Fellowship - Portland this am. ( GPJHS) 
 At Jake's Lonestar soccer game ( Schertz Soccer Complex) 
 I'm at 13 Acre Park (Portland) 
 Here is the Caller article on last nights game with a couple of photos of Beth...
 GP boys soccer team beats up Alice 5-2 to complete the GP double 
 GP girls soccer team beats TM 4-0 in the bi-district round of the playoffs, Pleasanton next on Tues 
 Just got here in time to catch the end of GP girls beat TM ( Wildcat Stadium) 
 Briefing the Bayfront Phase 3 plan ( Corpus Christi Yacht Club w/ 2 others) 
 Had a good discussion on our Bond 08 and CIP program at the monthly Society of American Military Engineers mtg
 I'm at Freese and Nichols office (800 N Shoreline, Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Starbucks (Wildcat Dr, Portland) 
  glad I could help.  Nice picture
 I'm at Starbucks (Wildcat Dr, Portland) 
 Facts I didn't know: teachers make up only 50.5% of school employees in TX, I would think it should be more li… (cont) 
 Back in the office after 4 back to back mtgs ( Corpus Christi City Hall) 
 Oso WRP Nutrient Removal Project Mtg ( LNV Engineering) 
 Harbor Bridge traffic backed up onto Crosstown 
 I'm at Congressman Solomon P Ortiz International Center (402 Harbor Dr., N. Sam Rankin St., Corpus Christi) 
 Sunrise Beach Master Plan review mtg ( Water Utilities Office) 
 Getting ready for some A/E consultant interviews ( Corpus Christi Airport (CRP) ✈) 
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) 
 Getting the morning fuel ( Starbucks) 
 I'm at Academy (5001 South Padre Island Drive, Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Paul Jones Sports Complex (Corpus Christi) 
 I'm at Starbucks (5601 South Padre Island Drive, Staples St., Corpus Christi) 
 Dropping Beth and Jake off for training ( Ridgewood Park) 
 I'm at Corpus Christi City Hall (1201 Leopard St, at S. Staples, Corpus Christi) w/ 2 others 
 I just unlocked the "Newbie" badge on  
  should be although I haven't been out there to see
