 
 I just unlocked the "Newbie" badge on  
   good for you for getting her started early; how is she with a push mower?
  website disappoints: doesn't function properly, inform or inspire, interactive masturbation at its worst 
  did you get my RSVP for Thurs? Tx
 check out my post on the3six5: 
  thanks Jesse!! hope you are having a great Thursday JF
 check out my post on the3sixfive: 
 Why do Millennials rally behind some brands like Apple and dislike brands like Trump?  RT 
  evenly split between Capitalism Socialism. Because, you know, socialism worked out well in the past 
  respect/value brands but wary of unapologetic, flashy self-promotion 
  respect/value brands but wary of unapologetic, flashy self-promotion  
 96% of Millennials have joined a social network.   RT 
 My primary fascination trigger is LUST. How does your personality  
 photobomb
 best use of social media to reach decision-makers at small to medium sized businesses? Who's doing it right! please RT  - thanks!!
 RT  Off to napkin-folding class.
 Whodathunk? RT  Elin Nordegren wants to save her marriage to Tiger Woods, sources say 
 RT  Reading  Social Is the Top Priority for Marketers in 2010 [STATS]  
 RT  Aflac's CEO Explains How He Fell for the Duck - Harvard Business Review 
 RT  "Never be afraid to do something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark; professionals built the titanic." Anonymous 
 JD-time for CMOs? Clorox seeking lawyer to oversee its social media marketing. Not a good idea, methinks  RT 
 Hallelujah - "social Media marketing is about a marriage, not a one night stand" (Via   RT 
 Can I get an amen - eMarketer survey shows for almost half of d-makers social n-works/apps critical for 2010  
 P&G is going big time into FB, YAY - have been predicting this, can't wait to see how they build presence/engagement 
 Outlandish thinking drives game-changing  Don't reject a crazy idea. Ride it a bit. See where it takes you. RT 
 RT  What if you stopped trying to build YOUR network & focused on contributing toTHE network?  - 
 Agree with  in 10 years, when you access web, it will most likely be to share w/friends 
  I think you're being a handicappist
 YAY! Led by Facebook, Twitter, global time spent on Social Media sites up 82% in 2009 - Nielsen Wire  RT 
 RT  ”No one is in charge of your happiness but you.” Regina Brett
 wishing  a very happy birthday!!
 smart Altimeter deck ( on understanding customer social behaviors - practical!  RT:RobinGrant
   tx for the RT!
 YAY - Alterian study: 66% of marketers plan to increase investments in social media in 2010   RT 
 Hot Tub Time Machine social media case - smart & effective  RT: mashable
 ”If you don’t like where you are, change it! You’re not a tree.” Jim Rohn RT 
 FB app notifications moving to your e-mail box: will disclosing email discourage consumer engagement w/ apps?  
 WOW: 50% of web users worldwide made a mobile device part of their shopping experience in Dec 09  RT:eMarketer
 Newsom: Obama Inexcusable on Gay Rights - 
 RT  Dear Earth, please give Haiti a break. No more quakes.
 Marketers, publishers, tech vendors: Jaffe at $15K? A steal! And 100% of proceeds go to   -   
 NYT to charge in 2011, metered model, without access/device piece (iTablet tie in?) likely to  grow their business? 
 RT  I have a new philosophy. Im only going to dread one day at a time. -Charles M. Schulz
 RT   What is comcast doing to harvest customer created insight into a more organized format, actionable for product?
 RT  check out our new blog post on 5 key social advertising trends for 2010: 
 check out  review of Forrester's Social Marketing in 2010 report - helpful, provocative 
 RT  Pls visit/support Pencils of Promise. Providing education where its most needed thru community 
 Coke drops campaign sites in favour of social media   RT  RT   (via 
 overwhelmed by  of brands activating with charity/giving back; is there a saturation point?    
 Just discovered this most interesting deck from Face London offering an alternative to agency-led consumer connection 
 Interesting insight from  about how Democrats mis-read voter behavior as ideology shift, US still centrist/right   
   thanks for the retweet about 'Pencils of Promise' - driving sustainable education in developing world; 
 Please help w/ 'Pencils of Promise' - driving sustainable education in developing world; takes 10 sec/1 click  RT 
 Brands can learn a lot from "American Girl". I'm at the Doll Hair Salon before Doll Tea. Help. RT  
 Morgan Stanley mobile internet report - thanks to   
   yeppers I think they are all self-proclaimed; and I now proclaim them un-gurus!
 Business intelligence gurus see no value in social media data - say what? denial isn't just a river 
 Detachment is not indifference. Detachment is love without expecting anything in return and without self importance. RT 
 Coke/Unilever: invest in social communities not one off campaign sites - smart!  Tx to 
 Zynga integrates Haiti relief into Farmville.  Buy White Corn and 100% goes to relief.  Great work folks. BRAZILLIANT! RT 
 did not realize Tiger is in a sex rehab clinic, Police called there? 
 Jaffe's offering to do a keynote for you, to raise $ for Haiti - check it out      RT 
 RT  The Woz admits he's jumped to Google's ship. ^JW 
 RT  RT  Biden chairs meeting on transparency. Meeting closed to public:  U gotta laugh
 RT  RT  My college bud  has new startup www.blockchalk.com  - tells you what's up in the hood. Check it out!
 Examples of social media in healthcare marketing from  -   RT   
 fabulous   deck on future of sociial networks  thanks  
 Rumour: Facebook buying Foursquare?  RT 
 RT  Top 10 Social Media Blogs of 2010 – The Finalists...  (via 
 unhappy friends make you unhappy; social networks affect your behavior/attitude, fascinating, tx Andy Monfried   
 you know you're from Massachusetts if you get why this is funny  
  tx for RT!
   tx for RT!
 YIKES most marketers/big co.'s still clueless re: social media: 63% undecided re: value of SM data   
   tx for the RT!
 RT  This is cool. Type in a brand name. Find out how visible it is on the social web: 
 RT  WOW. Michael Jackson Dies and everyone tweets about it. 100,000 Haitians Die In Quake and Crickets Chirp
   tx for RT!
 super smart use of Twitter and Foursquare: fueling  new tasti D-Lite loyalty program     RT 
 RT  Baidu's shares surge 13% as Google ponders China exit 
 RT  RT  NYC GC closing due to Steam Conduit explosion, Not terror, repeat not terror attack.
 RT  It's easy. I just did it. Text "HAITI" to 90999 to donate US $10 to  via   Please RT!
 RT  RT   Conan should partner with a web service to bring  show excl. online. <--His brand has the heft to do so
 What if everything you think is wrong with you is really a superpower? FB RT: RT  
 RT  JWT NY hiring creatives (all disciplines 30 plus positions). Leaders and butt kickers wanted. Ty.Montague RT pls
 RT  Does It Matter Why Google Did It? The Real Point Is China's Appalling Internet Behavior 
 RT  ARF: Consumer Opinions Online Still Seen as Curse, Not Gift 
 RT  Sensing an imbalance between number of people tweeting about conan and those who regularly watched conan.
 Booz: smart publishers will use e-readers to enhance analog consumer experience e.g., Sports Illustrated tablet edn.  
 Booz: social media channels key to driving consumption  of publisher content, publishers must learn "SM optimization" 
 Booz: analytics & insight must shape and inform editorial development 
 Booz: BTL spend continues to grow, media co's need bundled offerings to integrate and harness 
 Booz: brands will continue to invest in own media assets, disintermediating legacy players, who should private label 
 Booz:  paid content insufficient monetization strategy for media companies 
 Booz:  new media winners need deep insights, cross-platform cust. rel., monetization not content/distribution 
   nice to have you back in Twitterville!
 RT  Please join me in prayers today for the people of Haiti who have undergone a 7.0 earthquake
 unabasehdly 
 Glad to see Conan standing up for hisself!  RT  
 Punxsutawney Phil to text his weather prediction; how possible sans opposable thumbs? om.ly/eBCP RT 
 RT  Twitter flatlining? Oh no, say it isn't so. ~  via 
 touching story about FB's capability to connect people RT  
 Online Metrics: Trends For 2010RT   RT  
  note about his situation, 100% pure  Conan, and kind of sad, actually.  
 is 2010 the year we finally stop screwing around with social media? good lord I hope so!  
 RT  Attack life, it's going to kill you anyway. ~ Stephen Colbert
 H&M's Trashgate: A lesson in social media   from   RT 
 RT  Is Social Media the New Market Research? Find out  ARF Forum “Putting Listening to Work” 1/28  in SF 
 disappointed Jello packaging doesn't better differentiate cook vs. no cook product versions; 
 surprised how few tweets ask questions/encourage dialogue or offer a  POV - mirroring real life communication?
 RT  Edmunds' Susan Caldwell just said Ford was industry's best for social media...praised consistency across all carlines.
  loved Hotel Pulitzer, modern, just off Plaza Catalunya, very central 
 RT  "Participation emerges from cultural, not technological, conditions..." - 
  AdWeek article: "Marketers Get Serious About Social Gaming." http about ://ow.ly/VeCl   we love 
 RT  The Internet Is Laughing at NBC, Not With It. How could this have gone over better?  
 Social Media RFP: Ask the Right Questions, Find the Right Partner   RT 
  asks why  believe  ' mea culpa now, they've touted brand in past - vox pop backlash risk? 
 RT  RT  Tweet yr fave Hangover line 2 enter 2 win  suite for Hangover party on 1/17!
 Great article about  on status of online listening research  RT   
 AdWeek coverage of Powered's acquisiton of  et al; holding companies/digital shops  worried? should be   
 RT  RT  RT  Great article about  on status of online listening research   http:// ...
 There's something wrong with careers at companies, if the fastest way up, is out. RT    HALLELUJAH
 RT  One big category at CES was 3D TV, question is will adult entertainment, yes porn, drive its success 
   TX for the RT!
   Tx for the RT!
   tx for the RT!
 RT  RT  Only 27% of tweets contain value 
 RT  Very useful. Twitter offers case 101 studies on big corp uses (Dell, Pepsi, JetBlue...) 
 Love this manifesto from Demand Media:   RT   start with the consumer!!
 Congrats to  FB RT: Do we need a social media agency? Hell, YES -  and  
 RT  Beyond the Campaign: Crowdsourcing & Co-Creation with Glaceau  
 RT  i'd anticipate the rock will be in for some academy award consideration for his work as a tooth fairy in the tooth.
   Tx for RT Chasnote!
   thanks for the RT Ezra! and how great is it that we brought H&M to their knees
 Only 27% of tweets contain value  RT 
 RT  "Tweet" word of the year, "Google" word of the decade 
 Hysterical - even the announcer talking about The Who sounds bored.  I think Mozart is performing at SB next year RT 
 RT  Without feelings of respect, what is there to distinguish men from beasts? -Confucius
 RT  Note to myself: Be kind. Work hard. Work out. Eat well. Read. Write. Be brave. The rest will follow.
 power to the Twittersphere!  agrees to stop destroying unsold merchandise rather than donating it   
 Online Traveler: Social media a boon to planning | Philadelphia Inquirer | 01/10/2010 
   glad you are keeping it clean! hope the trip has been fun, enjoyed your comments about the show
 Marketing, Not Ads, Fuels Social Spending Growth - eMarketer 
 RT  The healthiest response to life is joy    AMEN DEEPAK!!
 RT  Newsweek: The recession generation and their long term buying habits. 
  - thanks for your message! happy weekend....
 RT  Yelp & Zynga are two of the Top Social Media IPO Contenders RT 
 Looking for a senior copywriter for a full-time gig. FB RT: Mick O'Brien at Bose
 RT  There is always a reason to be grateful.
 Twitter resources guide - from  
 RT  Youth in Revolt. Is it me or is Michael Cera always playing Michael Cera?
 interesting that Milk is most rented movie in my zip code   
 hysterical RT   phish and now a mac. Your transformation into me is well underway.
 Crocs coming to Soho, boooooo 
 RT  Pls RT: Ford is a finalist in CNET's Best of  Awards in the Car tech category. Vote here: 
 RT  Most of us still in jobs unthinkingly chosen for us by our sixteen year old selves. (via 
  yikes, 661,000 people left the job market last month - and I bet they weren't all retirees or deaths
 RT  Sarkozy wants special Google tax. Did he tax newspapers when they made fortunes? It's stupid day 
  profs
 RT  Brilliant mini cooper ad in Amsterdam and post by   (via 
 poor Luke Wilson, what happened, dude?     
 worried I just followed  kind of like picking up a pony keg when you know you shouldn't drink
   I'm a carrots guy, the sticks are for S&M
   real story in the  - jobs still vanishing at alarming pace, we are sooooo not even close to be on the recovery track yet
   I hope you at least got a lap dance in Vegas
   you didn't mention my buddy Monica Sullivan!
 FB RT: Greg Verdino a new byte: blogging barbie 
 hi to you Joel! happy weekend!!
 sports fans chat more, act more on convos, sports clearly major stimulus for brand WOM  Ed Keller (CEO Keller Fay )  
 WTF? RT  Proposed French tax on digital ads to pay pity money to old media.  Oh my. 
 RT  FB will be bigger than $GOOG. - maybe most impt biz the world has ever seen. YES!!
 RT  Breaking News: BBH Wins Cadillac details: 
  mega congrats to  on Cadillac win - can't wait to see the new work! 
 nice overview of how Avatar used the spectrum of social media tools to drive giant opening weekend boxoffice  
 RT  Anyone else name their Slanket/Snuggie?  "Furley!"
 RT  Japanese social networking – it’s all mobile  
 Check out Jaffe Juice Reflections from C.E.S. -  
 Agreed, hoped he would be putting forth a POV more aggressively
 fascinating:  stats re: online tools  used to share, respond and interact; some surprises RT   
  interesting POV about what losing the cookie could mean for interactive - no upside I can see  
 RT  You'd think T-mobile would have something on its home page selling a plan to a new Nexus 1 customer like me.
   SM 2010 trends : blogs renewed - as home base for disparate microblogging, brand sites  merge w/blogs
   most award-winning creative work involves consumers
 RT  Unruly passenger forces Maui-bound Hawaiian Airlines jet to return to Portland; fighter jets briefly scrambled - KGW-TV
 Love this 4 minute recap of reddit Greenpeace Mr Splashy Pants 
 embarrassed how long it took me to get on posterous, LOVEing, especially with Shareaholic
   totally!
 experimenting w/ Marginalize - marries up social buzz and sites that generate it - monetizable?   
 Jason Alexander spokesmodelling for Jenny Craig, this can't be good news for either party 
 RT  RT  Location Based Marketing creates jump ball between brands & retailers for control of consumer conversations
 RT  polaroid announces  partnership with lady gaga. sounds like  snl skit setup but sadly no:   
 RT   gained weight over the holidays. I hope she's not pregnant again-we can't afford to hire a man to replace her.
 Kim Kardashian getting sued over Tweet  - all over a cookie Diet!  can think of other reasons to sue her  RT 
 RT  RT  These sweatpants make me look like I have a great butt. Right behind my knees.
 Interested in social media measurement tips, resources, etc.? check out   tarted by  
 Interested in social media measurement tips, resources, etc.? checking out  started by 
 LOVEing Luckie's 30-day social media bootcamp/makeover - social media tips and tricks for all of us   
 What Happens When Social Media Goes Mainstream?  expected more edge/implications  RT 
 eternal truth from Seth Godin: listen to what customers want - or fail; great/timely reminder  
   observing failure just  first step; taking personal responsibility for  fail & solution  the next; still waiting
   Ed loves the crazy disco visuals thingamabob
 RT  Our most retweeted post right now: "Nexus One vs Droid vs iPhone [Comparison Chart]" - 
 Ad of the Day: Taco Bell's 'Drive-Thru Diet' ... tough to swallow (and digest!) -    RT  RT 
 Hilarious! The next snuggie:  Would you buy this? the legs are a "thoughtful build" RT 
 Overheard: "I don't retain information anymore, I just tag it." Sounds about right to me, let's hope we don't lose our tags!  RT 
 RT  If Facebook is Mayberry, what is Twitter?  RT  Is Facebook Mayberry? 
 RT  I may have Apple blinders on but Google's Nexus phone isn't showing me anything ground breaking (ie reason to switch)
 RT  RT  Does an invented story increase the perceived value of a thing sold on eBay? Let's see: 
 RE    - might help with your query the other day about promotions?
 RT  Pepsi Ditches the Super Bowl, Embraces Crowdsourced Philanthropy Instead /via Fast Co | 
 Richard Watson's guide/guess about key meta trends for next 40 years; gold for planners!   
  auto industry & SM - dealers are critical missing link    blog
 10 Tips for Using the C-Word.  - don't worry, the C word is crowdsourcing RT 
 RT  Top ten digital trends for 2010.  New blog post.  Pls RT.  
 RT  Market Researchers favorite business books  Next Gen Market Research (NGMR)  
 RT  Buddy Media wants to know... what's your favorite  Fan Page?
 RT  Seth Godin:  Bullhorns are overrated; target people who will LISTEN; .
 RT  Guilty as charged. RT  Twitter is a great way to figure out whose parents didn't pay a whole lot of attention to them.
 brand success on Twitter - if success=fans, these brands aren't "success "; how 2 engage/sell 2? 
 Economist article about newspapers trying to chart for content in 2010; not bloody likely, methinks  
  just discovered your blog, love, will follow!
 super piece on SM analytics from  - % lurking, % trading up in engagement -  smart & actionable  
 RE    you might find of interest - 100 Years of Consumer Spending
 RT   validates the market for virtual goods"   by  - love 
      insights  for web design - free stuff ienjoyed more b/c free, premium price/anchoring key
 RT  Insecure about  of Twitter followers you have?  Fret not: "Bullhorns are Overated" Thank you Seth Godin 
 RT  The uncreative mind can spot wrong answers, but it takes a very creative mind to spot wrong questions. Anthony Jay
   absolutely agree, troubling indeed
   try a high end vodka? feel better!
   yikes, I need to activate my wondertwin powers and get you outta there
   use case/form factor demo film - students - enough to build a market on? I still want my laptop  
   get out of there and go find some booze!
    HBR networking today is about tapping into knowledge flows, not pushing your biz cards onto strangers
 RT  The Great Social Media Measurement Analytics Fallacy: "What is Engagement and How do We.. 
 RT  Tyra Loves Her Jugs: Tyra Banks is either forgetful…or a hoarder  Tyra is a hoarder?!
   you might enjoy this Guardian piece on consumerism, etc.
  congrats  for provocative  contribution to   's breakthru ideas for 2010 piece
   disappointed in this  article re: brands musts for 2010 - all about brand msgs,  zip on brand interaction
  insightful Liz Ross in iMedia  re: digital agency 2010 survival tips - LOVE the insight/storytelling/questioning stuff
    how low would the price need to be for it to be an easy purchase? $399?
   Jared ripoff!
   maybe they are? but they read legit to me; hence my call for Dr. Angus! I miss me my Dr. Angus
  5 social media myths, loving "big seed mktg" and x-channel imperative, tx to  for   posting
  missing Dr. Angus - put him in the next spot, please Taco Bell
  Kraft pays $75K to sponsor Texas stadium implosion; I'd pay $75K to sponsor implosion of Uganda  
  lots of  biz  smarts in this approach to    - let's keep our eye on the ball 
 RT  Stats: 80% of female Internet users say they became a fan of a brand on a social network - 
  YIKES, let me put my thinking cap on about promotions; TGIF Woody was good in some ways but lacked narrative arc; will get back 2u!
  YIKES, keep hoping the shift will happen soon, tricky for managers to embrace & measure!) fuzziness, measurement must catch up!
   I guess I need to shred my Adam Smith t-shirt
   yeppers! and I'd blame the Brits for scaling the consumption notion (and setting an example for us)
   tricky territory Jon, agree lots of overlap; difference today is  stimulating consumption takes nourishment & consumer empathy
 Cottonelle Roll Poll -  - good way to engage consumers with snooze category? BTW I'm an "over"
 RT  "Advertising nourishes the consuming power of men."  Winston Churchill, British politician, FYI 
   important to remember it works for you, not the reverse (I am telling myself this advice 24/7 these days)
 RT   time for Tiger to go Hollywood, maybe snag a role in X-Men IV? TOTALLY, it's worked before!
   topless  in Vanity Fair - prospective impact on brand rehabilitation & fan relationship? I predict not good
   it's OK to give up
 looking for single most prescient & thoughtful piece about big  issues for  for 2010 - suggestions?
   you forgot listen to your customers for insight and inspiration ; )
 RT  Read DONT need a tablet  vs NEED a tablet .  Key ?: What's the Use Case For A Tablet?
 RT  We can't dismiss the hatred anymore.  The crazy in Uganda has to stop - NOW.
  big   wake up calls for 2010 from    - listening for inspiration is my favorite! (surprise!)
 RT  G-Star Uses SM To Attract ‘Regular People’   - not a brand new - good way to broaden brand appeal?
   Yes! Big Brother booooooo! I don't want Eric Schmidt all up in my grill. Great point, Marian.
 RT  fear sjortage: the inverse of a desire shortage? the latest thing to manufacture  
   OMG so funny
 RT  I'm about to make 2010 my bitch. So many things gonna be shiftin', you won't know what happened.
   2010  predictions - let's hope  9 occur and   remains at bay - what are your faves?
   Battele pans  1st gen iTablet, rut ro?
  capitalism and the free economy  always find a way to prosper
  interesting assessment of   campaign - need for recurring character cited/more storylines - I agree
 RT  RT  Is account planning dead? - iMediaConnection.com
 FB RT: Creative folks: could this also apply to you? 
   is Ikea the empty calories of the furniture category?
 RT   wins a 2009 cannabis award!  - mazel tov!
  Finally - a platform to enable ecommerce via social, how many months have I been bellowing about need for this? 
  cultural illusionist is a great job title., realistic yet alluring
   my primary responsibility isn't to be followed on Twitter, but thanks for checking in
   OMG it's all about manufacturing desire, just ask Tom Ford
   have you exhausted all the local alcohol options?
   absolutely agree - if nothing else our job is to make you think you can't live without something you never thought you needed
   how much of Apple's success is fantasy-based: if I get an iPod I might become a DJ? or viewed as such?
 RT  Can't tell the difference between some prolific Tweeters and self help motivational speakers "I'm good enough,  doggone it..
 putting into rank order Miami Beach condos I really shouldn't be looking at, oh well, fantasy is safer than reality, right?
    also - if it's "cool" will it catch on as long as right$/some utility? don't downplay mktg role
     are all suggesting that transportable reading is latent need - or not? less /more resonance than iPod?
  Harrahs needs a social media rockstar - know anyone?
 RT  Baffled by new Barbie that someone gave  for Christmas. What's a burka? 
   confused - are you now saying it's needed, or it's not needed? I thought you were saying it's not needed
   aren't people yearning to be able to carry around a lot of reading material at once? (presuming that is end benefit)
   was that an unmet need, or a manufactured need? I am not sure people yearn for new tech like these
 RT  Hang on, do we actually *need* an Apple tablet? What need will it satisfy?   - did we need iPod?
  Fabulous Sunday LATimes piece about Eric Yahnker, whose work I started collecting last year
 RT  I wish taking a bath was as much fun as hot tubbing.
 RT  "Lady Gaga is the Muppet Baby version of Madonna" - Margaret Cho
 "the government cannot do at least as good a job at swiftly updating and correlating information as Google." 
  LOVED "A single man," recommend
 had not realized how much Tom Ford hated YSL, always interesting when creative titans clash  
 FB RT: Seth Goldstein  socialmedia.com's "lessons in social advertising from 2009", including some nice demos... 
 RT   housing economics seen as harmful failure by    can stimulus package be far behind?
 soundtrack from "A Single Man" is awesome - thanks Tom Ford
 RT  It's not easy smoking with wet rubber gloves.
    agree totally wrong framing for the idea
 RT  Life is just all the dumb shit that happens between orgasms. /via 
 RT  RT  What Israel could teach the US about airport security 
 RT  I already love 2010.
 RT  Congrats guys! RT  RT  The first post of the year, written by  
 inspiring socially-enabled entrepreneuriship story: RT  social/WOM  contribute to 15 million in sales 
 RT  I love 
 what's the most effective use of social media you've seen in the entertainment category? discuss!
 RT  Friendless: Chief Marketers Spend Little On Social Media: Twitter may be booming, but... 
 RT  "Companies must learn to have conversations with their customers at scale" - from  
 RT  seeing gilt banner ads everywhere, think they need to be really careful, what makes it cool is the feeling of exclusivity
 RT  Mad Men yourself got 1MM visits, 600K avatars (60% conversion) in under 4 weeks, with NO paid promotion. Amazing  
  The Case against Engagement as be-all interactive metric: provocative piece from Patrick Keane CEO Associated Content
  yeah I particularly loved the Javits - not
 RT  IBM CMO: Data doesn't do anything for us. Marketing industry needs to use analytics to transform data into  insights
   research from Performics/VivaKi re social media - clearly social media is playing a major role with brands/shopping
 RT  Why Digital Agencies Aren't Ready to Lead 
 RT  Tim Hanlon - we are navel gazing as an industry if we still view digital and traditional separately 
 RT  New Labs blogpost: If you want a conversation, say something interesting 
 great lunch today with   they have great new social media offerings that are going to revolutionize the industry!
 don't miss my ad:tech panel Thurs: The Rise of the Audience Marketplace - MTV, NHL, Mediabrands, Glam, Turn on panel  
 RT  FB RT: Google Rolls Out Analytics For iPhone, Android Apps (GOOG) 
  interesting AdAge piece about shortcomings of both digital and "legacy" agencies;  a little naive but provocative
 RT  Thanks Scott. Much appreciated! RT  Have you met Buddy Media yet? You should. 
 RT  Walking to the train, dabbing tears from eyes. What else could happen now?
 RT  Facebook's Big Changes: Action Items For Marketers 
 RT  Betty Draper Francis. Elizabeth Draper Francis. Elizabeth Hofstadt Draper Francis. Elizabeth D. Francis. Elizabeth Francis.
 RT  Ashless Simpson out on Melrose -  - please get me a tissue
 New Pepsi 'Dewmocracy' Push Threatens to Crowd Out Shops  - threat to creatve/agencies? or one off hoopla?
 RT  You know a show is good when you spend half an episode yelling, "BUT YOU'RE A PROSTITUTE!" at one of the characters.
 RT  uh... guess it could be worse. mediavest offices infested with bed bugs? (OMG)
  WSJ article on search/social connection; who is doing best work in this area right now? where's this marriage headed?
 RT  Buddy Media launches social media platform. I'm quoted in the Media Post article discussing it. 
 excited for the  REAL social webinar starting in 15 min, featuring latest from  and  - exciting news to share!
  don't take it personally, Amy
 if you've been to Dubai recently, would love tips and insight; what do you wish you'd known before you went?
  Interesting  article about gray area social media creates, both internally and among agencies
  more great coverage of  new platform - go Buddy!
  yo what data are you referring to?
 RT  New Buddy Media platform:  Request demo:  - Go 
  Hello Kitty flash USB drives! Go get some!!
 FB RT: Mark Gordon "I'm so broke I can't even pay attention" - downtown crossing panhandler. I'm using that when I end up on the street.
  Ezra you are a trooper; how are you retaliating?
 RT  Buddy Media Launches Integrated Facebook And Twitter Client For Brand Management  by 
 FB RT: Michael Jaindl BIG news today! Buddy Media Launches Integrated Facebook And Twitter Client For Brand Management .
 RT  Deutsch-Lowe Merger: Good? Bad? No big deal? New homepage poll: 
 RT  Business Week sold for less than $5 million.  Wow! Some Funeral Homes are worth more than $5 million. 
 RT  We all buy the potential of Google Wave, sure, but yet to see awesome ways of using it - what need does it fulfill?
 RT  World record for biting one's tongue?  I beat it after  "civil rights isn't supposed to happen now"
 RT  Are Ad Exchanges reaching a tipping point?   and  think so 
 RT  RT  "People are going to emerge from the current recession forever changed" David Kenny. 
   love those decals, honey
   um hi, Mr. Right
 RT  RT  I think many social media events are created so folks who do nothing but go to events will have something to do
 RT  RT  Read this, please. RT  success factors of  building online fanbases. ads are key. 
 RT  5 Ways to Get Your Customers Talking: Ask them, Teach them, Include them, Star them, Surprise them  HT
 RT  Why All Brands Can Benefit From Buzz Tracking (Not Just The X-Factor) 
 RT  PRWeek/MS&L Social Media Survey: 1/2 of brands don't have social media strategy. Request PDF of study: 
  um hi, she should totally travel to see you, you are like Rachel Zoe, you travel with hair/makeup
   yr blonde is showing, honey
 RT  I'll get the mail from now on 
  playbook on successful social media strategies for brands 
 RT  Study: 94% of Enterprises Will Invest in Social Media Despite Recession 
 RT  As if I needed another reason to go to London. Koons is a genius: 
 RT  Tweet to hail a green ride in London  
   maybe, but you are more likely to be similar to your friends than to random other people you don't know; it's all about the %s
 RT  What's an appropriate amount of cleavage for a bride to show? Tons of cleavage or just lots of cleavage?
 RT  RT  Do "loyalty programs" ever make you think the brand is loyal to YOU?
 RT  a brand is the value of a promise. social doesn't reinvent the brand, it speaks to the value of their promise.
   Mitch you're too pretty for prison, I'd try for community service
 RT   has a whole new Dashboard! EXCITING! (via  congrats 
  absolutely agree with Media6Degrees' new CEO that advertising that taps the social graph is the next big thing 
 RT  RT  Wondering if new FTC blogger rules  apply to user reviews/comments on commerce sites (Amazon) & editorial sites?
 RT  'Bout to go check out some art w/  in Dumbo. Have a feeling one of us is about to make a purchase.
 getting ready for an urban adventure with 
 RT  Pharma Drops Search Advertising After FDA Warning 
 RT  Oh dear, I seem to have spilled some of my self all down my drink. 
   oh got it, yeah badly crafted line
  tx to  for link to Google wave summary video, makes sense
 RT  How Will Revelations Impact Letterman?  - I predict NO IMPACT
  please don't tell me I wrote that in a client document
 Great discussion with Keith & Nichole from  OMMA winners for best viral campaign - thanks guys!
 RT  Ducati Goes All Social In Marketing Shift 
 RT  Et tu, Zuckerberg? Latin translation comes to Facebook  
  interesting perspective from  Judith Warner  re: efficacy (lack thereof, actually) of Michael Moore's belligerence
 RT  Countdown To The New SocialVibe: 3 Days: We're only 3 days away from the brand new SocialVi.. 
  wow there are 3-400K medical marijuana patients in CA  could be $13Bn national biz
 RT  If chicago gets the olympics then 2 new events will be introduced, hip hop dancing and speed car jacking. Sponsored by ACORN.
 RT   look i turned your logo into a spinning 3D ball look at tinypic.com:  
 RT  OH in bar "he has kids, so how interesting can he be?"
  Saturn RIP; sad news from GM, Penske backed out due to concerns about vehicle supply
   article about new GM advertising - brands don't look different, am I missing something?
 RT  25% of ALL social networkers have posted links to products, companies, and services.   
 RT  VivaKi's Jeff Flemings foresees  growth in 2010 for integrating social media into mobile video viewing and sharing
 RT  Flemings  thinks  entertainment world could learn from sports  how to engage with consumers
 RT   Erhardt feels fantasy has helped the growth of social media and fans engaging with each other online
