 RT  The  and  Communities Come Together at the NCLR Annual Conference 
 Wow! RT  whoa, i will probably do this: RT  MTV Turns 30, Watch Its First Hour  
 West Wing explains the debt ceiling... 
 RT  Free Birth Control For Many, Courtesy of HHS,  writes. 
 I love these metaphors. RT  This deal is a sugar-coated satan sandwich. If you lift the bun, you will not like what you see
 Looks good! RT  Powerful -> 'When We Stop Counting'  Documentary abt 6 Latino h.s. students in NE 
 RT  Theory to practice: Health care reform - a look at the long term effects of the    (via 
 RT  Bipartisan  White House Fact Sheet: 
 Today will be a challenge!
 RT  We're teaming up w/  &  to protect  TAKE ACTION--votes will happen soon! 
 We still have time, y'all. Stand with families and tell Congress to protect  
   Oh man, it was a good one! You'll have to come to Vegas next year...!
 Now following:  an amazing Affiliate who improves the health & wellbeing of many  and other families in the DMV.
 RT  We're teaming up w/  &  to protect  TAKE ACTION--votes will happen soon! 
 We're teaming up w/  &  to protect  TAKE ACTION--votes will happen soon! 
 Protect Medicaid! Votes will happen soon! via   &  
  Done! :)
 RT  Looking to follow child advocacy work on Facebook? Please "like" First Focus Campaign for Children at 
 RT  MT  We are making headway!Still need your voices to protect  Check out  and our action page: ...
 RT 2 sign . I am strongly AGAINST cutting $ for Medicaid. Protect this vital program cc  
 We are making headway! Still need your voices to protect  Check out the  and  action page:  
 RT  Must read: Rep.  fantastic op-ed on the importance of protecting 
 MT  New rpt says food stamp use up 69%. People are struggling, yet stalemate over  taxing rich &corps  
 RT  VISUAL -- Wealth Gaps Between Whites, Hispanics and Blacks. 
 Enjoy the gala,  folks! Headed home to my husband + dogs. This was a great year!
 RT  RT  latest  post Anatomy of an  Debate   
 RT  Watching Rep. Luis Gutierrez from Chicago getting arrested in front of the White House for civil disobedience.   ...
 RT  Jesus Christ. If you just let  pos ppl share their stories, I guarantee we'll have a completely different & mobiliz ...
 RT  I love Francisco from NASTAD so much! At the   reception he pressured adults to go home and mentor a Latino yo ...
 RT  I love that whenever Latino   activists get together it's basically a family reunion  
 RT  "We need to VOTE!" Crowd echoes  
 RT  Jack Whitescarver, NIH: "HIV testing is more important now than ever before" 
 RT   ... you did an amazing job singing the national anthem! You look sounded and looked great! 
 Loved  at the final luncheon at  
  and  workshop panel: Natl Imm Law Ctr; NY Imm Coalition, Consumer's Union, MPI 
 CMS Administrator Cindy Mann takes the podium at the  workshop at  
 RT  No matter how old you are, take our survey, How Prepared Are You to Age in America? .  Forward an ...
 When I am this tired, my verbal communications suffer. I can't string together a complete sentence.
 Comer Bien: The Challenges of Nourishing Latino Children and Families 
  "Setting up for the luncheon f. President Obama  "
 RT   Neither party is blameless for what has led to our debt, but both parties are responsible 4 coming 2get ...
 RT  Can  change immigration policy on his own? “Yes we can”, shout the attendees of the 2011   ^AV
 RT  I'm sooo jealous!!  RT  iCried RT   got to shake Obama's hand. 
 We miss you, 
 RT  President Obama begins by talking about NCLR alum and Latinos in his Administration and cabinet.
 RT   takes the stage to introduce  at the 2011    ^AV
 RT  RT  President Obama address National Council of La Raza (  – LIVE on C-SPAN 
 RT  Check out  HuffPost column on child  while you wait for  to speak to   ...
 RT  If you can't be at the  you can catch a live feed of  speech right here--->
 Setting up for the luncheon f. President Obama  
 RT  Ok ok! I'm on it!!! :) RT  Wish I was at the  today! I 'm expecting lots of pics!    ...
 RT  Line is already wrapped around the Marriott.  and I are rocking guest relations  
 RT  "He who has  has hope, he who has hope has everything."
 RT   has officially hit 
 Is everybody ready to see the President? 
 75 percent of food Americans consume have been harvest or processed by immigrants. --USDA Secretary Tom Vilsak 
 RT  Sec. Vilsack: the new USDA food plate will really help people understand how to eat better. 
 RT  RT  Ooh! The power of social media now being highlighted at  Latinas media panel.
 RT  Eva Longoria at  Latina's Brunch!! BOOM. 
 RT  I'm so excited to be speaking  Latina's Brunch where  is keynote speaker! I luv Huffington Post!
 This is an amazing workshop! Standing rm only 
 Monitoring "the Latina Wisdom Project" in Maryland B. 
 RT  excited to hear  talk about his beautiful film A Better Life! 
 Morning!
 I am ready for my child nutrition day tomorrow! Come to our 1:30 workshop in Maryland B!  Launching a new video! 
  agreed!
 These women are inspiring. RT  Hotel Workers Rising q: how can DOL help reduce unfair +dangerous workload of hotel workers?  
 RT  Dr. Lawrence Mishel: "All this talk of of an uncertain future could be fixed if we ended the  tax cuts!"  
 RT  Dr. Mishel Economic Poli Institute "Not a matter of economic logic that we're in this mess, it's a matter of politi ...
 RT  Having a great time   Be sure to stop by booth 1809 to say hi and check out the latest pubs from 
 RT  What do you think about the home foreclosure crisis? Join the  economy town hall concersation.   ...
 It's cool inside! :) RT   Wish it wasn't so hot to go down to  Might go tomorrow and Monday for Lideres Summit
 RT  NCLR VP, Eric Rodriguez: half of foreclosed properties in California belonged to Latino families 
 RT  It was great meeting up with  and  at  . Be sure to stop by the  pavilion for he ...
 RT  Too rad! RT  Pres Obama meets Kool Aid man...   
 RT   and  are rockin!!! way to kick off a great start for the biggest Latino event of the year  
   is warming up...
 RT  Calling all Lideres! Our Town Hall is happening now! Text FUTURE to 62571 to send questions to our panelists. 
 Great  from    as well as Javier, Sergio, Emma +  alum Angela. 
 Thirded! RT  Ditto! RT  Missing  and  this 2011  
 Affiliates--Are you confused about health care reform? Stop by the Affiliate Lounge (Delaware A) at 10:30 for our  101! 
 RT  I'm going to be opening the  National Latino Family Expo in about a half hour. I'll be there with Dora the E ...
 RT  Learning about the child nutrition project led by  . Great stuff!  
 Just stepped in to Leg Update in time to hear my colleague Sergio give a great overview of  health policy priorities! 
 RT  Leg Update underway. Great turnout! 
 Touring the meal event space with  + other colleagues! 
 RT  Don't forget! Join us at   for the inaugural blogger meetup w/ and other NCLR leadership 
 I didn't even taste that veggie panini I bolted as breakfast/lunch. Must be Conference time!
 Love them! RT  New from NCLR: Mary’s Center to Receive 2011 Affiliate of The Year Award at NCLR Annual Conference 
 RT  These new citizens are truly inspiring. Congratulations to all of you!  
 We miss you! MT  Shout out to   and  holding it down at  Wish I could be there!
 RT  FYI. The official hashtag for the 2011  Annual Conference is 
 RT  New American citizens taking an oath!   
 RT  New citizens now receiving citizenship certificates. 
 RT  Off to see 30 individuals become American citizens this morning!!!!  (there will be tears) 
 Putting Food Solutions on the Table for Latino Kids -  via 
 OK, packed, blogged, emailed, printed.  Bedtime. Ready to finish up tmrw and head to pre- with my colleagues. Go team!
 RT  Hey y'all tweet your support for  to your members of Congress!   Just Do It!!
  Much love to our Wealth-bldrs!  We're going to rock Advocacy Central 
 Herding cats!
 RT  Check out this sneak peek of the  Health Town Hall on Childhood  & Obesity: 
  Thanks, Sharia!
 RT   thought you'd enjoy this  First Lady & Walmart plans 2 provide fresh produce 
 And people call me nerdy! Hooray wealth-building nerdery! :)  RT  happy birthday, Dodd-Frank!
 RT  New from NCLR: Putting Food Solutions on the Table 
 Tx! RT  HealthTip is out!  Top stories today via     
 I'm at Caribou Coffee (1101 17th St. NW, Washington) 
 Just loved  speech at the Congressional Hunger Fellows commencement!
 Congressional Hunger Fellows Commencement Ceremony! Shoutout to  fellow, Matthew Mellon! ( Phoenix Park Hotel) 
 Thank you for RTs,     !
 RT  Tweet your support for  to your members of Congress!  
 RT  The White House is changing course on its approach to the housing crisis bit.ly/nVV4am  
 Check out my blog post and sneak peak at  new    project!  
 RT  New report details how GOP cuts to  would devastate Latino families & children:  |  
 Balance the budget by cutting  health coverage access?  Let Congress know how you feel about that idea: 
 Health team outing! ( Lauriol Plaza Restaurant) 
 RT  Medicaid covers tens of millions of low-income Americans &costs less per person than private health insur 
 V good piece. RT  Do the Emmy Awards Only Reward Latina Stereotypes? | Latina  via 
 Shoutout to  for listening to me rehearse TPs.  Hearts!
 Half of all   depend on  Congress not to bargain away children's health care! 
  it didn't show up in my hootsuite stream before. it's been acting up all day!
 Thank you for the RT, 
 RT  RT  HALF of all   have health coverage thru  Tell Congress: oppose devastating cuts! http:/ ...
 More thanks to for  RTs      
 Thank you for  RTs!         ...
 HALF of all   have health coverage through  Tell Congress: oppose devastating cuts! 
 Conference crunch time, and other work still needs to be done!  Sorry I've been absent ...
  always!!
 RT   Congressman's Offensive Statements Highlight Dangers of Hateful Anti- Legislation 
 Support We Are All Stars, add a  now! -  - Create one here - 
  Labor Market Healing:  in the  Sector. Read the whole report bit.ly/qlBaS8
   Thanks for your support, ladies! Set for release on Sunday of 
 RT 2 sign petition . to end attacks on  Americans want to protect & implement the Affordable Care Act 
 RT  Sec. Geithner, the  crisis isn't over. Help families save their homes! Sign our petition today. 
 Thanks for RTs,  and 
 We're thrilled over here at  to join the KidsWell Campaign, making sure  implementation works for all kids! 
 RT   Organizing the biggest group hug. 
 RT  BREAKING: Constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act upheld by federal appeals court:    
  I lost track of time! Sorry to give you the call-in info late but it will likely be recorded.
  Agree-Plan 2 collect LGBT data is great first step. HHS is having a call if you want to join -- 1:30 EDT 888-220-30888 PW HHS
 Thanks for RTs,       and 
 RT  Plan for Health Data Collection on LGBT Populations. 
 RT  New HHS Standards for Data Collection on Minorities and Special Populations 
 NOW! HHS holding call on release of draft standards 4 data collection to reduce health disparities! 888-220-3088 Pass: HHS
 TODAY at 11am EDT:  holding call on release of draft standards 4 data collection to reduce health disparities! 888-220-3088 Pass: HHS
 RT  DREAMers testifying now at   Senate 
 RT  RT  NCLR staff responds to growing Hispanic achievement gap, check it out! 
 I'm at On a Boat in Long Island Sound (in the water, Larchmont) 
 I'm at New York Athletic Club (180 Central Park South, New York) w/ 2 others 
 I'm at What A Bagel Cafe (476 Mamaroneck Ave, White Plains) 
 I'm at 90 minute bridge (Perryville) 
  Hooray! 
  Thanks for the RT! PS, will I see you again at Conference this year?? :)
 RT  A snapshot of Capitol Hill:  93% of top Hill staffers are white; 70 percent male. Congress can do better. 
 RT  More Than Half of U.S. Children Under Age 2 Are Of Color 
  excellent article.
 Shoutout to  for confirming that I'm not off-base with my estimates re Medicaid cuts & Latino enrollment! 
 Happy Friday! Making one last push--have you remembered to write your Rep about his or her vote on last wk's  cuts? 
 Your letters have reached 70% of the House! Have your friends let their Reps know how they feel about  cuts? 
 9 in 10  babies born in '08 had   Did your Rep stand up for babies? Let them know how you feel: 
 RT  . 63% of Americans oppose cutting off all funding for  
 RT  Study: One-third of Nevada kindergartners are overweight;  kids there are more uninsured, too: 
 What? MT  Texas board to reconsider offering license plate with Confederate flag  
 RT  Did not believe the news about Whitey Bulger being arrested until I saw the FBI most-wanted page: 
 RT  New from NCLR: When Champions Fall From Grace - Over the weekend, Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona claimed tha......
 RT  Lobster roll!  
  thanks!
 RT  The Salsa Labs Community Weekly is out!  ▸ Top stories today via   
 Last week, the House narrowly passed  cuts. Have checked out how your member of Congress voted? 
 Thank you for the RT, 
 Last week, the House narrowly passed  cuts. Have checked out how your member of Congress voted? 
  hola!
 I'm at Poste Moderne Brasserie w/  
  How is it possible that I wasn't following you already? Wondering why I never saw your tweets ;)
 Thanks for lightning-fast RTs,   :)
 Last week, the House voted to cut   How did your rep vote? Find out& send a note of thanks or disappointment! 
 Thx for sharing  cuts action!        
 Thank you for  recs,  &   Happy Monday!
 Did your Rep vote for or against  cuts? Find out and let them know you're watching! 
 This week, you made your voice heard.  Yesterday, did your member of Congress listen?    cc 
  Thanks!!  
  Yesssss! & then we can go through and remove folks not voting if need be. Leaves u open to fewer mistakes, too.
  PS, it would be lovely if you could automatically populate 2nd set of targets in a thank-or-spank alert. Thank you! big fan.
  also, it would be lovely if you could automatically populate 2nd set of targets in a thank-or-spank alert. Thank you! big fan.
  Found that GovTrack sorts votes by district so I'm OK, but still would love the last name feature!
 Thx 4 checking! MT   Thanks! we do have a request in the development queue for alphabetizing, so one of these days...
  LOVE YOU, but seriously, my thank and spank would be a lot easier if you could search for members by last name &not just district
 Yes, I'm singing alone in my office while I prep this alert...
  Mil gracias! :)
 RT  Feliz  Gracias por informacion fantastica!     
 Rt Incredible speaker line-up announced! Proud to have President  address the audience at  
  Awesome! Watch your email in a bit for the follow-up response to the reps!
 I'm at Families USA (Washington D.C.) 
 RT  Latinos aged 18-35 are fastest growing population on  
 House passed Ag Approps with  cuts (217-203). Get ready to take action!  Stay tuned...
 RT  Have you heard the good news?? Pres.  is speaking at the  crossing my fingers i get to high five him.
 RT  Good health comes not just from quality health care, but  from clean air/water, safe worksites, healthy foods. 
 RT  "the only reason some people are organizing and some aren't is because some have money."  
 RT  WH releases plan to prevent disease with healthier lifestyle  
 Thanks for RTs/mentions,  
