 getn my jog on
 Viewer Robin Slay sent this great rainbow pic.   
 "Man thought to be dead wakes after 21 hours in morgue fridge"  
 eating ice cream for lunch. ehhhh, maybe
  just turn up the music and you won't hear people calling you a "Mary". 
 RT  Last night's  storm was *very* wet if you happened to be under it. Lots of the metro area wasn't:  
  firefighter sent this. Say bolt caused power line to fall starting shed/rv fire on Atrisco.   
 Viewer David Fitzpatrick sent this amazing  lightning shot from last night!   
  sad i talk about rain vid like it's a perp walk of guy going into fed custody never to bee seen again. 
  ya. not sure what he was doing in ther. maybe he didn't either?
  :) worked out well. lol dumb luck man  you guys had more rain vid than us though
 pretty wild indeed RT   The newsroom went from 0 to 600 mph tonight in a matter of minutes. So fun!
 BIG thanks to all the  tweeps for the RTs and weather reports. They are quite helpful. Also thanks to new follows! 
 ya. Pretty wild 2night! RT   wow crazy lightning/thunder and pouring rain in Los Lunas 
  haha. Maybe that is the key
 O-M-G. William Cordova got this AMAZING lightning pic in    
 Heavy rain and LOTS of lightning for S.  Los Lunas and Belen.   
  here comes your rain! 
 It's blurry, but you can see why  canceled the game tonight! Frm viewer Corey Proctor.    
 NICE! RT  Lightning images from tonight:   
 sweet HD video of lightning coming up on News 13 at 10! 
   is reporting nearly an inch of rain fell in the NE Heights in less than an hour. 
  of course you can!
 RT  Low visibility due to rain on unser. Traffic down to 20 MPH. 
 all the action is coming up on KASA Fox 2 in a couple of minutes. 
 From AFD "Victim has been rescued by AFD at Morningside/Cutler. I am enroute. Condition of the victim is unknown." 
 getting reports that the man in the arroyo has been rescued. 
  you have any data on outages?
 RT   Rain is coming down pretty strong now (Unser and Ouray) 
  thanks, brotha
 Here is a look at radar and lightning strikes in ABQ --->   
 There is  A LOT of lightning with this storm in ABQ. BE CAREFUL!!! 
 Lightning over the metro I just shot.    
 Reports of man in arroyo on scanner. Gathering details now. 
 Storm is packing lightning too! 
 Looks like some rain may be in store for the NE Heights. Cell is holding together ovr the Sandias.  
  ya. just send me a pick of the mark and their address. wait, i shouldn't be talking about this on twitter
  yes, sadly. Parts of Rio Rancho got rain, but a bust in the Metro for the most part.
 Stepped outside the studio to enjoy a stogie I bought in Santa Fe.   
 RT  Sad but true: Rain 2 of last 5 days for >1" in  is about right 
  haha. im from Phoenix. I don't own one.
    ya. maybe I should go to the casino tonight?!!
 RT  Ended up with .29" Unser & Abrazo Rio Rancho 
 Pretty cool double rainbow pic from viewer mechanic80 near Tijeras on Sat.   
 Looks like it! RT   raining pretty good here in  
  not bad!
 bumber, i know! RT   Thunder and Lightning, but not a single drop of Rain yet in the South Valley. 
 RT  Big giant rain drops 
 Thanks for the info! keep it comn RT   no rain on the westside yet (Unser and Ouray) heard thunder though  
  cool!
 are you on the west side?  RT  Rain! 
 RT  Finally raining in  at Unser and Southern 
  ya. they have mainly been tracking to the w/nw. not to impressed with ABQ coverage thus far
 Small cell edging into Rio Rancho from the NE. 
 RT  Flash flood warning for  and  in addition to the warning for   Turn around don't drown. 
 NOW: Storm crossing I-25 in  moving west. 
 Cells starting to form SE of  Moving to the NW--->  
 RT  In only a few hours, Amy Winehouse's Back to Black has jumped back into the album charts - hitting number 59.
 Flash Flood Warning for Los Alamos County til 6pm ---->   
 Flash Flood Warning for Silver City area for the next 2 hrs.   
  congrats!
 RT   Thunder and light rain falling right now 
 Storm developing near Santa Fe. -->
  cool pic! Hope all is well
 RT  Two foot Aspen shoots growing in the Wallow Fire burn area.  Green in the black. 
 RT   is one of the worst TT ever.
 Cool Manzano Mountains rainbow from viewer Rick Howe.  -->  
  Ahhhh. Thanks. Was curious if lighting was the culprit.
 RT  All 1,656 Rio Rancho customers restored at 8:54. Thanks for your patience! 
  what as the cause?
  I would be pretty funny if Josh was 6 yrs old.
  Im working on it! :)~
 Alright Dan Benton! Sweet rainbow pic over Sandias! -->   
 Look now...cool rainbow over Sandias! 
 saw it radar! MT  Gust front tearing through South Valley. Winds 40mph+. no rain though.  
 RT  Watching a storm roll in.   
 RT  Dumping in the heights and foothills.  Frequent lightning as well.  This makes four days in a row.  
 RT  Pounding thunder and rain, rain, rain. 
  good one!
  there is no one at that party?! What did you do to drive them off?! :)
 Rain is here for northern part of  Metro! Storm movn S/SW.  
 Looks like showers building over Sandias toward Metro. Big I cam.   
 RT  Finally raining in  
  ahhhh. i see
  ehhh hem. Lets not forget the  hastag. :)
 Thanks for the report! RT   raining hard on the south end of sf! 
  got pics?!! reportit
  haha. run! well, don't run, stay put! :) send some pics if you can get em safely reportit
 Storms closing in on Santa Fe. Reports of hail. Lightning as well.   
 RT  Pebble-sized hail falling in south Santa Fe.! 
 Flash Flood Warning for Lincoln Co. Ruidoso Downs area til  4:45-->     
 Flash Flood Warning for next 3 hrs in Jemez area.     
 RT  Singer Winehouse Found Dead in London, Police Say 
 ya baby! RT  Good morning! KRQE News 13 Saturday Morning is minutes away. Tune in now. 
  that's what the dude said!!!!!!!!
 What?!! Dude at Anodyne (ABQ bar) has a Jim Rome tattoo on his leg. No joke. Again...what?!!  
 Sweet pastoral lightning pic from Black Lake near Mosquero. Via Pete Callahan.   
 Looking good!  
 RT  "Let it Rain" playing on shuffle. It starts raining. Clapton *is* God. 
 Rain, lighting and thunder at the Press Club in East Downtown  
 Pretty sure that is Optimus Prime behind me.  
 wagons north!
  nice!
 Ooooooooo! Pete Callahan in Mosquero again. Beautiful.   
 Pete Callahan in Mosquero. Bravo! GREAT rainbow pic!!!   
 Lemme try this again. Sweet shot of Atlantis returning to earth!   via 
 bad ass!  Atlantis streaking toward home! from space â€
 No Haribo Gummy Bears at Smiths. Now this is tragic
 Lt rain in downtown  
 RT   that dont pass d blunt
  sorry to hear man.
 A bat caught flying around the  newsroom! He is alive and safe.   
 boogie til ya just can't boogie no mo
  hope everything is ok with the fam
 President Nixon's face in a cloud?!  viewer Patrick says yes!   
 "guitarra"   
 the sweet smell of rain at night...gets me every time.    
  anytime!
 RT  More rain at my house this evening (0.32 inch so far) than we got Jan-June (0.28 inch) 
 glad u r alive! Those are no joke--  Never been so happy to be on the ground in Burque!
 MT  Lightning & rain have caused a handful of outages in  Crews working hard. 
 RT  "BUZZSAW" - 
 RT  RT  Tonight's 'Topes game is currently in a delay.    
  Thanks man. will check into it
   RT   flight 
  what is your flight 
  ya, i saw it heading that direction after it passed over dtown
  :)
  oh now you don't like the rain, eh?
  Central and Broadway lookn west
 Whew, thanks  That was good. **lights cigarette**
    
 What?!! Rain collecting in the streets.    
 Lightning downtown  
 Cool clouds moving in.    
 Rain at Central and Broadway.  
  viewer Noddy J in Kirtland, NM shot for the moon, but got Pacman? Take a look  I see a fish.  
  ya, saw how miserable it feels/is! Anytime, starting to get rain...so hoping fire wx slows.
  So happy I'm in a semiarid climate!
 holla!!! RT  Weekend begins in mere hours... can't wait!!!!  :)
 Dexter, NM sunrise from  viewer Vicki Hudson.   
 "Just Like Dad"  
 Another nice one frm  viewer Lauren Zimmerm. Ignacio, CO.    
 Me likey.  viewer Lauren Zimmerman sent this lightning pic from Ignacio, CO.    
 RT  KRQE.COM: Judge Albert "Pat" Murdoch arrest in prostitution case.  ...
  ya. Was nice to see something lime that.
  I thought I was pretty damn cool
    the guy didn't know me! Just a nice trusting fella!
 I found out it was cash only at  pastry shop, but they are allowing me to send a check!
 Fa-gee-tas.  
  they always have funny signs up. Looks for it.
  wouldn't that be nice!
 Another good one from Monroe's in the heights.   
 Puffy   
  Shoot. Anytime yo. Need to catch up here sometime soon
  phoenix is similar. 340+ days of sunshine
  :] all depends on what you like weatherwise
  San Diego or South Dakota?!
 RT  Breaking:  Sunport received 0.03" of rain today, bringing yearly total to 0.22". Still -WAY- below normal! 
 RT    hitting south Chandler    
 Phoenix ADOT cams showing  moving in  
 Get your ones ready PHX...time for another Haboob in your face!  live video-->  
 Harry Potter was good...though I could have done without the grownup/401K Harry Potter appearance in the end.
  luckily I went to a spare set that saved me from going commando
 I shouldve purchased stock in fabreeze   a little febreze and 5 minutes in the dryer, oh how i miss college
 It seems laundry day snuck up on me again...as I am fresh out of chonies.
  i did edit the pic a hair. Not that dark most days
  :) ya. Why thank u.
 RT  If all else fails...dazzle them with your boobs.
 Bird calls my apartment hallway home this morning.  
 Cool space pic. Shot from Int'l Space Station lookn down on Shuttle Atlantis. -->    via 
 Messn round with Photoshop Express on my phone. Seems similar to Instagram. Self portrait featured.  
 On the set 
  no. most people I email do not use twitter. cops, politicians and pio's
  aint lookn good for storms here
  lol
  where do you live?
 RT   5 minutes of sprinkles here in Rio Rancho/550
 RT  London police chief resigns over claims of linksto Murdoch figure in hacking scandal - AP
  hahah
 sober up next time! :) RT  Has that murky look out there this morning, looking at the Sandias.
  I hear ya! Trying to do same--->  
 another good one! RT  Sunrise at prison...errrr the Weather Forecast Office.   
  cool. let me know if you do see anything weatherwise out there
  :) how long is the event? There is a chance for an isolated tstorm, but not a wash out
  let me know if I'm wrong. Lol.
  should be fine.
  in ABQ?
  Haha. It's suppose to be "fancy"
 Savoy.   
 RT    addresses media on White retirement  
  great! One year of wx school down! Report thus/fri...wx split shifts on weekends. Life is good. PHX on my mind
  7000?!!! Man, I only have 700. I got some work to do! :)~
 Full statement from Darren White-->   
 White says he must allow Mayor/city leaders to "focus on the important issues the people of Albuquerque deserve to have addressed"
  just sent this statement from Darren White "I am announcing my retirement today"
  are you trying to scare me again?
  that a very nice post by you. thanks
  plume lookn big today from Downtown    
 Always wash your hands after leaving court. ESPECIALLY Metro Court! 
 oh ya! RT  Electric sky  
 part of growing up is realizing how damn good your mother was at just about everything. Learning this 2night as I try to cut a cantaloupe.
 Holy hell my head hurts. Nothing a really strong cup of Joe can't fix.
 ya, I know that slime ball :)RT   I take it you're friends or co-workers with 
 That's one sexy sandwich. Work it! Shot as I was getting meter change at Maloney's today.   
  i see. i think it is the same deal with facebook. or something similar?
 I love this time of the year.  pics arrive -->   frm Carol Quintana Arboles, CO  
 Sha-Weet pic!  viewer Bill Ellis snagged him an Aztec, NM lightning a bolt--->   
 Grisly and sad story 
  you sure he was looking at your shoes?!! :)
  haha. Yes! Are they back from the cobbler?!!
 Seems the beer got a lil too cold, puking slush on itself now.  
  high enough for a roundhouse to your dome!!!!
  thanks! They feel like I could dance in em. Will investigate this weekend. :p
 New kicks!  
 RT   Rain in Roswell!! (at the public library)  
  ya, that's right, I have limits. Just not at any place that serves grape martinis  :\
 first instagram i've seen that i liked RT  REJOiCe! rain in Roswell   
 Soooo is there something I am missing with Google +? Am I suppose to tweet, fb AND that? Consolidate? Not sold yet Please advise
  nice burn scar chart! Errrr, matrix
  i hope he isn't planning more! Good call going with mother nature
  happy bday!
 Photo caption->"Betty Ford danced on the cabinet table on her last full day as the first lady." Cool pic/backstory 
  last time I felt disappointment like that, I was leaving one of the new Lucas Star Wars films.
  oh ya?! what u go with?
 how bout an MT?  Santa Fe Indy Film Fest Deadline July15. Entry form->  www.santafeiff.com Please RT
    she said he "deserved it" no man, no man deserves that!
 PD says she threw in garbage disposal!!!  Woman charged with cutting off husband's penis using 10-inch knife 
  :p im multitasking. Poolside, praying for rain!
 ...loungin by the pool
 "u come here often"  The clouds have a psuedo-lenticularis look to them today.  
   
 RT  [Today's Pic] From the Inside Out  
 Up early to fill in for Myles on  Bout to join Tony Lynn shortly on the radio. Tune in!
 RT   Happy to report that it's raining quite steadily here in the Jemez. Happy as hell to be soaking wet! 
  in Nob Hill.  
 RT  Raining westside ABQ  7BarLoop, fairly light, just for 5 minutes.  Breezy.  Nah nah nah.  
  got smoke smell here too in downtown abq. NW winds blowing, so maybe from Conchas fire?
  either have I. Identify yourself  :)
  ohhhh, now there is tooo much weather? :) I kid
 still waiting here RT   Santa Fe. West Alameda & St Francis.   
    said he just got back or was finishing vacation i think
  and  to announce changes to  restrictions in  metro area today at 3:30. 
  would have been a good one!
  this may surprise you, but Tim Maestas often would play "Friday" in the KRQE newsroom on weekends. Disturbing, yes.
  how a plant reacts to xtreme temp swings. say a plant in North Dakota vs coastal Oregon
 Thermoperiodicity. What a word!
 I copy that!   
  great work. Great city! Say hi to a buddy of mine n ASU grad Jeff Stensland
  congrats! Which one?
 Sweet double rainbow over  Tramway/Candelaria.  From  viewer Ken Hueter.   
  ;) to quote MJ....I'll be there haha
  if u two was up in space, it would be a bunch of empty drink cups as space junk.... and some phillies wrappers! :)
 RT  I'm liking the new  avatar! 
 RT  0.09" rain overnight at my house near UNM. Biggest one-day total since Feb. 1  
  not sure, just hope you are not toooo close to it?!
    <----Older song, but dig the beat. Not a huge surprise Dr. Dre produced it. Sounds like it
  you should be happy!!!
  anytime!
 RT  Raining! Second time today.  
     RT   its raining here now!
  oh. hahah. whoops
  bolts as in lightning?
 RT  Just like that, it's raining again at 7BarLoop on the westside. Got breezy too.  
  ahhhh, i c
 Have seen a lot of lightning with  storm-->  
 Yah baby!  rain pouring south cap neighborhood in SF  
 Awww rats!   the rain never showed up at my house :(
   what a scanner tipper?
 RT  : ( looks like the "rain" passed. just a few drops here in    
   been raining in SF for at least 45 min! 
  Thanks for the report! and thanks to everyone else! really appreciate the  eyes and ears
  bring new meaning to heat stroke :/
 oh my lord---> hat tip to 
 RT  Topes are postponed due to weather... 6:35 scheduled start for Nashville/ isotopes  
 RT  OMG it's really coming down out there now!!! The dome opened up!   
 RT  Hooray for rain in the NE heights.   
  not yet. gonna take a lot during my days off
  hang in there!
 Cell moving NW. Lightining embedded in this storm. Use caution.    
  much better chances for  in next couple of days. mon pm-tues esp
  Whoo hoo! Careful though
  what?!!! your last day?!!
  oh god that picture is funny! i really did lol. sorry? ;/
  we'll send some your way!!
  thanks G
  haha. big problem i found as i get older
  thanks, Joel!
 keep the rain/storm reports coming peeps! Thanks 
 THUNDER ROLLS  STUDIOS! I can't tell you the last time I heard that!!!! 
 if you get rain pics, send em our way! You could see them on  Send to Reportit  Thanks! 
 damn! i just posted as sideways video. i hate when people do that ;/
  cool. thanks
 if you get rain/weather, please don't forget to give your location. Thanks! 
  great. thanks
 rain at the  studios!  
  u on west side?
  what is your location?
  if you live in the hieghts, yes. rain/lightning and thunder happening now 
 ...weather graphics making machine... 
  i'd say conchas. had a north wind earlier, may have blown it ur way? i smelt smoke earlier in abq. 8am ish
 How much?  Good morning.  This is a big week, my new pink boxers go on SALE.
  :)
  haha! It looked pretty crappy eh? :)
 with the help of a large coffee, yes! :)~ RT  bright-eyed, and bushy tailed.  RT  Up and at em!  awaits on 
 Up and at em!  awaits on 
  now now. give it some time! :)
  lol yes, the wx...or lack of
  Boooooo!
  haha. good one
 funny. but a 'water fight' sounds like a baad idea in a drought RT  Church sign in Artesia, NM:   
  hahaha!!! you guys are too much. next Friday it is!
 RT  RT  The isotopes have the 5,000,000 fan! 
  no sirs. :/ gotta be up early in the AM. Def going out next Friday thought, got AM shift off! U 2 btr be there!
 RT  Yes it's raining. Yes my sunroof is open. I like rain.
 Do my best! hope you are well! RT   sending any over here to PHX?? We need a little precip
 RT  TOKYO (BNO NEWS) -- Powerful 7.1-magnitude earthquake strikes off Japan's eastern coast.
 did you pee?!! RT  Anomaly, Singularity, Hallucination  
 I know the  is here when the folks at the Topes call asking about the rain outlook for tonight. 
 RT  Half hour delay for the isotopes/Nashville game...  
 Hilarious!  viewer sent us this pic! Rain...catch it while you can!    
 A look at radar in  Metro.   
 Storms continue to stream in from South. SE/NE Heights of  impacted. 
 hey hey! we made the big time! RT  Dust storm striking Albuquerque, NM, with strong winds and blowing dust! 
 Rain over Bernalillo now. Reports of lightning/thunder too.   Storm crossing I-25
 haha RT  Now. It's raining dirt. This is a first.  
  Booooooo!
 Ok, so no rain at  house 
  is it 2 miles tall and 40 miles wide?
  naw
 A look at a misty/dusty Big-I   
 Rain entering Metro!!!  Rain!!! SW/WEST
 RT  Gusty west winds rapidly approaching  metro area with outflow boundary from dissipating storms. Hold on! 
  ya. seems they think it is a nuclear reactor
  advisory for areas west of Manzano Mtns. -->   
  coming out of the closet?
  ya, that and the occasional martini :)~
  
 Grow a garden....go to jail?  
  great. thanks. i was passing info on to  as a  weather report. sorry for all the questions lol
  keep seeing gas leaf blowers here in NM, keep thinking of 
 Larry is one class act RT  Currently at a place where Larry Grover took one of his dates, Marie Callenders!
  are you just east of sandia park?
  when did the hail start? still going?
  great to hear!
  what is your location?
  don't worry! hope is on the way!
 Flash Flood Watch for parts of NM Sunday -->    
 Afternoon NM storms-->      
 holla! Up early on the wx desk here RT  Up early on the anchor desk this morning.
  you know it! My fav ABQ place. :/
 Drinks, music AND art  tonight.   
   
 Man had dead dog in trunk, more at home.-->  
 You won't believe what police say this man did to his dogs..what about his mother? Next on  at 530.  
 Oooo la la. Nice pic from Nambe looking toward   From  viewer Adriana Reyes.  
 Happy Friday!  
  thanks for the  !
  :)~ yes, she did
 Reality looms large over Smokey's shoulder.    
 Must get up. Feeling like a sloth this morning.
  i post pics, not paint em :)
  haha. good one!
 It's a bit grainy, but tried to grab a nice sunset pic in  yesterday--->  
   i don't really video chat a lot, so fairly useless. maybe for interviews for work if im in a bind
  not sure. lol. i guess i got an invite for Google + or whatever the hell it is on the way. i got social media coming out my a**
  ya. its up and running
 Screen grab from fb video chat. My friend insisted on fake name since she has no makeup. "Lauren Lee Lee" quite odd 
  ya, once you tell what it is :)
 Trying facebook video chat. Ehhh so far lol
 knockn out some school work, then headn out for a spell.
  not bad. We DO have a popcorn machine though!
  Mother nature didn't put up the powerline?
  :)
  I think it is because pilots follow the drones as targets...maybe they are unarmed. I think, but not sure.
 RT  Check out this summer view of the North Pole captured by a  satellite:  
  I'm confused. Is it a drone if it is manned?
 St Francis  Basilica in  yesterday.  
 oh my RT  Awsome pic of  Fire from my buddy's back yard.  
  Thanks, T. I will pass on your regards/prayers
  ya, they sure are amazing. Makes NM dusts storms seem lame!
  Allison's husband Graham
 My brother-in-law is alive after a  that should have killed him Friday. Know the signs and act quickly--> 
 Elk roaming onto Jeri La Blanc's land for H2o, driven by drought. Carson, NM.    
 RT  Photos: Phoenix dust storm, the kind that swallows a city  
  Whoops!!! Maybe auto correct is to blame? Glad the twush is still on. :)~
  STRIKES    Love these things!
  Xmas!
 My parents are sniffling from the chili during dinner. Welcome to New Mexico! 
 "Balconies on the Plaza" Formerly Oar House. Had no idea they closed.   
 Just bumped into  on the plaza. He tried to snub me, but I wasn't having any of that.
 Enjoying a cigar on the plaza.   
 "media assassination"
 beyond a reasonable doubt
 Last time I saw this much synchronized chatter on twitter/facbook was when we killed Bin Laden...although people were happy then.  :/
 RT  Just in time for Thirsty Thursday, Casey Anthony will be a free woman.
 Few pics I shot from Los Alamos       featured
  I'd be more worried about bullets than fireworks. :/
 RT  Here's a shot of Los Alamos, the Las Conchas fire and the moon from the evening of July 4.    ...
  fireworks show sparks small spot fire. It was extinguished. John Thurman sent this wild pic.   
   This is one toilet that's NOT creating a stink! Thx to Pete Callahan. 
 very lt. rain downtown   
 headn to the range.  
  ehhh. Bout 2 mi.  ya been keepn an eye on em
