  Good luck in the new digs. Hope you end up a World Series hero!
  I love dachshunds. Have a pic online?
  Terrible trade by the Dodgers.
  would you star in that shit?
 Judging people. 
  Sometimes I scream "Ethel" when climaxing. It's in the bloodlines.
  I'm related to Fred. That makes it even worse.
  bound. Tysons are in the trunk.
 Never heard this one. RT  Looks like (Randy) Choate chocked the chode
 Overheard: What's the difference? Governor and Senator? 
 Almost had CC Sabathia painting sold. Wife wouldn't let him have it.
 RT  BREAKING - Sensing they are close to a championship, LeBron James plans to sign with the Philadelphia Eagles by Monday.
  Not one bit.
 Real Yankees fans don't wear game jerseys with the players last name printed on the back. IMO.
  sorry for your loss. :(
  Eddie Murray painting awaits at W. Broadway and Prince. 
 On W. Broadway and Prince displaying baseball art. Swing by. 
 
  Great job on the Swizz video!
  Just keep the momentum going. If you get stuck, just do a new painting. There's a wall in the beginning. Never paint over it.
  I would make Alvin Davis painting if I could find a buyer for it.
  Birds in the air. Redo on the Murray-Ripken painting. 
  Big Dave, I'll be outside The Stadium tomorrow with my paintings, so make sure to sneak out of the pen and say hello.
  New painted background on the Eddie Murray,  baseball art. Will it sell at tomorrow's game?
  You're looking like a Dave Choate impersonator in that still shot - why did they cut it off below the hairline? ;)
  BTW, saw your boxing art down in The Village a few weeks back - great style. Flavor!
  I met Swizz a few weeks back. Asked for suggestions on who to paint - Basquiat! He was right - it's my 2nd most popular piece.
  I haven't. So many athletes, so little time I have a list of 2,000 athletes that I'd love to paint.
  RT  LETS TALK ART 1 ON 1 cmplx.it/ruGQcZ
  Congrats on the show! Brilliant work. Victory and The Zone are my favorite pieces. STRONG. If I had the cash, they'd be sold.
  Hi Chris, I do sell them. I take on a lot of commissions from client's favorite players.
 July HR painting contest - anyone have Aramis Ramirez or Jacob Ellsbury?
  From The Bronx to SoHo. A rolling stone gathers no moss.
  the old Yankee stadium.
 Who's that? What are you - a converted Mets fan? It's Babe Ruth.
  Painting. Another new Thurman Munson.
  Painting. Don Mattingly.
  paintings. Thurman Munson and Ron Guidry. Plus a Yankee Stadium.
  Boogie Down Bronx.
 O-original Yankees paintings. Upgrade the mancave. Medicaid? No.
 Peddling paintings in The Bronx.
  My  getting a Padres to Yankees makeover.
  Only spotted 3 fans wearing Mariners gear at Yankee Stadium yesterday. Your boys need all the road support they can get.
 Painting pinstripes over the the Padres,  piece. Sorry Dave, I'm following the money.
  at yesterdays game.
  That'd be 90% of them.
 Still can't get over that guy with the SEALS t-shirt that left the  game early because it was raining.
 99% of Yankees fans only recognized 1 of my 14 Yankees paintings - C.C. If you're going to brag about rings, know the players that got 'em.
 "I wish I could paint. Either you got it or you don't." I didn't have IT in my first four years.
 Scalper to me - The Captain (Cop) tell you to move your paintings? No, he seemed cool with it. WHAT!? That Captain's a racist motherf
 $1,500 for a painting!? You're spending a 1/3 of that tonight to watch a team that's lost 16 games in a row. 
 Saw at least 20K at tonight's  game. Only 3 wore Mariners gear. Cubs, Cards and Rangers tied for 2nd with 2.
  Ha ha. Leave it to a Red Sox fan to RT that Sabathia post. Big ticket prices keep the hardcore fans out. It's sad.
 You're paintings got some flavor! Compliment of the night. Much better than 'unique.'
 How long did that  drawing (painting) take you? A lifeftime. REALLY?!? Well, not a lifetime - I was speaking... about 3 hours.
 "This man, Dave Choate is an artist, people. He is a celebrity! (Polite applause)" Social worker to a group of her special needs patients.
  It was good for a laugh. I try to keep things light when selling.
  "The Cop said 'Eh'" is my working title.
 I DIG that  painting! Me: You buy it, he'll sign it. We're friends. Really? More like an acquaintance. Well, I met him once.
 Bypasser: Who's that? Munson? Yes. Boy, you missed on that one. The other stuff aint bad though.
 NYC Cop: You paint those? Yes, I did. Do you like them? Eh.
  Got rained out. Lots of interest from the pregame. Sticker shock as well.
 It's a different breed of  fans. At least 10K left when  still had his perfect game intact.
  nothing says I don't want to get laid like wearing a shawn chacon jersey to a Yankee game.
 Thousands leaving a no hitter?   
 You shouldn't be allowed to wear a Navy Seals tshirt and leave a Yankees game early because of rain.
  Yankees paintings lined up in The Bronx.
 Bronx bound. 14 Yankees paintings need a new home.
  just woke up myself. Fate. 
 Yankee Stadium tomorrow. Hoping to sell some Yankees paintings.
  lots of new paintings on the way, including this Mattingly.
  on Mr. Clean.
  my littlelest fan.
  white pants and men don't mix. Unless you're selling ice cream.
  girl knickers on a man? I see this more than I care to say. 
  its the white pants that I object to.
  those are really cool sneakers.
  I missed the extra z on Swizzz.
 LOVE these sneakers! RT  Basquiat is coming soon!  
 White pants and a Steelers muscle tee? Not me, not ever.
 Friends don't let friends wear polka dots.
  the last time I saw a movie at the DGA, Scarlet Johansen was on the screen as a 10 yr old.
  if I knew you were coming I would've baked you a Twins painting. Melting here in SoHo.
 Heading down to SoHo with paintings in hand.
  great action shot of the Big Rembrandt!
  sometimes I let the ant float in the toilet for a few extra seconds before flushing. Power trip.
 RT  If you haven't checked out our website  you are missing out. If you like what you see, be sure t ...
  Can I interest you in a Desmond Jennings portrait? Iron. Hot. Striking. 
 RT  Most outstanding part of the Pirates team is the ball girl's ass.
  hi kristy, I have a photo of a Carmelo painting if you want to use it on your site.
 I used to be imposing. Is your dog alright? What? It won't stop barking. It's annoying. Sigh. Don't give me shit. Shuts door. 
  For some reason I'm not coming up under "Find People" when I lookup "Dave Choate." Thoughts?
 New paintings:         
 RT  Fred McGriff balances things better than  ever did.  
 Remodeled the Graig Nettles painting. New additions: Steinbrenner and the Spaceman.
 "Who wants to be with a team that will go down in history alongside the ‘64 Phillies & the ‘67 Arabs?" Parting words of Bill Lee, ex-Red Sox
 Too hot for SoHo. Catching up on contest paintings.
  Interesting. Maybe they said let's go to The Bronx River and it was shortened.
  No nerves. Just sweat.
  
 You talk about killing a lot. 
  you might be onto something.
  congrats!
  that's sad considering I've spent the last 48 hours working on a Nettles painting.
 Why do they put the word *the before The Bronx?    
  Paul linblad.
  what idea is that? I won't tweet in front of her.
  pre date. She's on her way.
 I haven't sweat this much on a date since I bit into my first hot pepper. There was no second date.
  meeting for drinks in Southport. I'm on the sidewalk waiting for her arrival. Lots of sweat buildup. Shiny head.
 At  suggestion ill live tweet what I can from the date. I think my last 6 footer was a man.
 1st date.
  
 1st date advice needed: poor choice to wear a headband?  
  Pretty shell.
  Made his grandfather proud.
  Ha ha. Looks like he's loving life. He's adorable.
 New Reebok commercial featuring Rapper/Producer/Photographer/Painter   
  I could, but I won't. Great sales technique. I throw your name around on a first name basis. Taylor owns one. Who? Caby, fool.
  I'll put you on the to-do list. I'm so backed up with players to paint that by the time you graduate your number will come up. ;)
  Hope to do a painting of you someday in an NFL uniform.
   BTW, I met a guy from Hungary 2 weeks ago in SoHo and I was telling him how a celeb poker player bought one of my Tysons...
  Oh good. I wish I thought of it myself.
  Meaning that you didn't think it was funny?
  Not your sense of humor?
 RT  You should never compliment a woman's mustache - no matter how impressive it may be.
  Big fan. I would enjoy doing a painting of the band if you think it would have commercial appeal for a tee. 
 RT  . See if you can find me. If you buy the painting, I will sign it.
 Painting of  You buy it, he'll autograph it. He's cool like that. 
 Maybe that nude is a sports painting.. RT   posed so you could paint her?
 Any  fans out there? Painting coming in a few.
  Experimenting. Changing things up.
  Female nude. Painting. Rough draft.
 Painting. Not safe for work. Female nude. Alright, maybe safe for work.
  I can't say that about my HTC.
 Considering crashing the Entourage premiere with my Tyson kicks.    
  People will forget it happened come July. Unless you do something that's never been done before, it's been played out.
  Doubtful. Individual stats don't shine that brightly relative to championships. Now if he played for the Cubs..
 "There's no way they could bury 12 people out there." Bob Kearney, Mariners, on the 12 monuments behind center in the old Yankee Stadium.
  I'll stick to the visuals and lay off the words. 
  A hashtag of  could add to the excitement. That is, if the word applies.
 RT  Rupert Murdoch justly and finally deserves to be hanged, drawn, & quartered  
  I ask myself that question everyday as he's on my team. The low K9 makes it bittersweet.
 SoHo elderly residents not artist friendly. One tossed garbage bags at my  painting. Another called out for the cops.
  Not yet. I'm in the middle of a move. It's a long middle.
  Is there a site where I can find your son's art?
  In the process of moving. Sorry for the delay.
 Anyone else naked and wearing black winter gloves?  
  I'm a giraffe at 6' 6".
 New apartment. Keep bumping my head on doorways. Makes me want to kill. BTW, roommate wanted. 
  I hear that.
  I dig it! Pass along my compliments. :)
  One of the greatest logos in the world. 
  thanks for the RT. I'll send the link with the paintings once they're done. I have a few commissions to work on first.
  same site that Swizz tweeted. I'm going to paint some more rap stars in the near future.
  glad you like the Swizz painting.
  hi Angela, glad you like the Swizz painting.
  i would like to see your brothers work.
  did you find Swizz on my site?
  I can't afford me either. Haha. Thanks for the compliments. I try to do something that I haven't done before in each painting.
 RT   - ART IS NOT ALWAYS ON A CANVAS 4 SURE THIS IS A PIC I TOOK :)
  thanks. It's tricky being an artist and a promoter at the same time. I'm sure you know the drill.
  thanks, AliA! 
  do you like the Swizz painting? I'm the artist.
  thanks.
  its an old expression. Too much of a good thing isn't a good thing. 
   and go easy on the cake.
  feeling landlocked yet?
  I just passed through on my way to California.
  ill never run into you shopping. ;)
 Does Ted Williams Own A More Impressive Streak Than Joe DiMaggio? 
  no idea. I'm curious though.
 RT  Tough luck Team USA.  I had so much fun watching every game.  If there was ever a country that needed a sports mome ...
  excellent point. 
  My St. Louis followers are my favorites. I've passed through a few times. Hope you like humidity.
  Seattle should adapt and hire a bunting Coach. 
  where are you living these days?
  that's my kind of fun! I went to the Raiders camp back in '95 and I met Howie Long, Tim Brown and Al Davis. Awesome experience.
  wives have to look at their bald husband's dome than they do.
 RT   Bonkers pt1 :) RT
  not all. It's encouraged. Do you have access to Peyton?
  swing by W. Broadway in SoHo. I have a Walter Payton painting with your name on it. Celebrity discount. Cross street, Prince.
  Black cloud nine.
  never setup your art next to a doo wop group. 
  burn baby burn.
  did you stand up to your chocolate cravings?
  Yes, did I spell it right? They didn't have any.
  I wouldn't let her leave either. 
 Chunky girl in a short skirt walks into a Duane Reade on Bleecker and asks if they have Rolos. I judged.
  Speaking of, not one day of my life goes by that I regret passing on my middle school air guitar contest. Could've been traumatic.
 Or a ventriloquist per 
 Sidewalk artists - never setup shop next to a doo wop band. 
  I wish my name was Sox.
  douchebag central in SoHo. 
  everyday should be hot dog day.
  and your favorite sports artist that you never heard of is?
 Late start to SoHo. Frustrating. 3 new paintings on the website  including 
  when life gives you lemons...
  I just went  First rap with Rembrandt and Basquiat in the lyrics? Testing out my new Basquiat on W. Broadway.
 SoHo in the morning.
  I had Honel on my farm decades ago.
 Working with a heavy body and I like it.  
  Hopefully this will give you one or two new followers.  usually don't work that well.
  Painters I admire:     
  thanks Jen! I'm just about to do a Basquiat portrait. Daylight is burning. I want to see your art when I get a chance.
 Homeboy, Ump, Dan Iassogna representin' Shelton, CT along the 3rd base line.   
 RT  A bowling shirt sends a clear message you LOVE bowling, but are on the fence about getting laid.
 I love New York sports radio call ins. Everyone sounds like Tony Soprano. Lemme ashk you a quesshin...
  I like the summary of the book. Looks like a must read.
 Lots of Mattingly requests yesterday. 
 RT  Can u find me in the pic  like waldo :) 
  Swiss, nice meeting you today on W. Broadway. I appreciate the feedback and suggestions on Ali and Basquiat.
 Taking suggestions for my next painting from  here in SoHo.
 Nothing says 'asshole' like a cigar.
  SoHo on Prince and W. Broadway.
  Easy with the bugaron talk, hydrant head.
 I heard that ball could be valued between $300-400K. 
  lol at the beard joke. 
  you can only do so much when you're on the short end of a stick called payroll imbalance.
  borrow a dictionary and look it up.
  you rabble rouser.
  you have my vote.
  some weak stomach motherfuckas out there.
 RT  Does  really work anymore? The only time it works for me is when somebody suggest ONE person and tells me WHY I shoul ...
  if there was a Nolan Ryan - Robin Ventura like headlock with Papi, ill paint it.
  Spaceman. Still throwing .
  fav Dodgers player of all time?
  I'm available but my salary demands are triple of whatever you're asking. And I can't type.
  I mix your BBQ sauce into my protein shakes.
  FYI you mentioned Rangers twice as contenders for Bell. I don't know what SD is waiting for either.
  New Yorkers have forgotten how to pronounce my name correctly since Choate left the Yanks.
 RT  The Beastie Boys are credited with inventing the term "mullet".
  sounds accurate as subjective accuracy goes.
  low fives more intimate.
  way to support a great cause.
  I was going to ask what your secret is for getting by on so little sleep.
  I feel a no no.
  is 4 hours a regular thing?
  $1 keeper. 
  ill turn your brother into a pirates fan.
  ya know suzyn, baseball is a funny sport... I used to be a yankees fan. Payroll imbalance spoiled it. Hollow victories.
  I've learned to block him out.
  does john say oh captain my captain? Or did I dream that?
  I want to hear suzyn cry.
  wwee do?
  fat is big in my book.
  Closing Time? I have to see this movie.
  I'm all about that place.
 July HR painting contest update - an unclaimed Oriole is leading the pack. 
  I got your Cano, yo.
  a DJ painting could do well...
  is that Bruce Kenneth at Hulk's knees?
 RT  A person left a message complaining we used an old mug shot of her.
 Escape from New York.
 NYC fireworks. Not my thing. Walked away 5 minutes into it.
 RT  Had the pleasure of meeting the talented  today. Love his painting of  
 Girls with big butts shouldn't wear orange shorts. 
  this Amare painting is just around the corner at w. Broadway and prince.  
  SoHo at W. Broadway and Prince. 
  wood.
  awesome.
 RT  Break from work: photos of basset hounds running  :-)
  you take the ones with the stairs built into the sidewalks. 
  my kinda fun. Unopened baseball cards.
 RT  Toddler Caught in Ten-Story Fall: Bystander fractured arm saving girl.   via 
  Google can give you the long answer. Oil is good for blending - portraits. Acrylic dries quicker - abstract. I use acrylic.
 Arrived in soho.
  nice job with the shading. You're more advanced than I was in the early going.
  pizza. San Francisco. Gaspares on Geary near 25th street in The Richmond. You're welcome.
  the tyson's are becoming a favorite of mine as well. Just about complete with the 3rd one. Jeter is an excellent choice.
  so easy on the eyes. Sigh.
  that's the kinda stuff that gives a man urinal stage fright.
  thanks Lennon. The compliment goes a long way. Who is your favorite player?
 What would the All Star picks look like if fans voted for deserving players rather than their favorites? 
  thanks, Robb!
  chicks aren't into Mike Tyson.
 Rain. No SoHo today.
  I'll be in SoHo with my Knicks art. W. Broadway and Houston near POP.
 SoHo a success. Potential commissions. Justin Tuck, Bo Jackson, Guy Lafleur, Barry Sanders, Larry Bird and ARod.
  thanks! People were going gaga for it in SoHo.
  have you ever shaved your head? It's a small hassle.
  I have a Clint Eastwood sculpture that's calling for you. W Broadway and Houston. 
  This week if all goes well on Monday.
 SoHo here I come. Time to sell the new Tyson.  It's huge 36x48. $3,900. On W.Broadyway - Houston/Prince.
  ill be mailing as soon as tomorrow
  rbi as well. Please submit player and rbi in one tweet for tracking purposes.
  MLB PAINTING CONTEST: Predict the player 2 hit the most HR's in July. Tie breaker determined by  RBI. Reply 
  MLB PAINTING CONTEST: Predict the player to hit the most HR's in July. Tie breaker determined by  RBI. Reply 
  How many RBI's in the event of a tie breaker? Please submit name and RBI in the same tweet for tracking purposes. Thanks!
  The contest, fool! Lol.
 If you RT and your friend wins, they'll owe you for life.
  SPORTS art CONTEST! Predict the player 2 hit the most HR's in July. Tie breaker determined by  Reply 
  SPORTS PAINTING CONTEST: Predict the player to hit the most HR's in July. Tie breaker determined by  RBI. Reply 
  SPORTS PAINTING CONTEST: Predict the player 2 hit the most HR's in July. Tie breaker determined by  RBI. Reply 
  SPORTS PAINTING CONTEST: Predict the player to hit the most HR's in July. Tie breaker determined by  RBI. Reply 
  Someone has Miggy with 25.
 37 entries so far. 
 PAINTING CONTEST: Predict the player to hit the most HR's in July. Tie breaker determined by  RBI. Submit player AND RBI to 
 Last day! July MLB sports painting contest. Best guess wins an original painting.
  you still have your good looks.
  from the city that brought you Flashdance..
  could do a lot worse. Gorgeous weather to catch a HR.
  unless yours was a Peanuts Timex.
  did you play any Beatles? 
  thanks for the RT!
  I think you're the only one with Dave. I like it.
  Is there a market for sports paintings at the Oakdale?
 PAINTING CONTEST: Predict the player to hit the most HR's in July. Tie breaker determined by  RBI. Submit player AND RBI to 
 Time is running out to join my July painting contest giveaway..
  how do you say wonderful in German? Tweet their language and they'll love you even more.
 RT  CHARROW: NEW YORK COFFEE MAP: 
  Mike Tyson paintings: 
  You're the only person I know that has the words "fatal stabbing" in their avatar. You're hardcore.
 My Facebook fan page: 
  ditch the WWW and replace with http:// to make the link active. People are too lazy to cut and paste. Http://sportspainter.com
  based on the player that hits the most homes. I'm using the number of rbis as a tie breaker.
  the only time I saw Mattingly booed was as a rookie RFer filling in for you. He couldn't grab 2 hrs that you would've robbed
  That's why I try to keep my tweets short and simple. Skimming. I do it myself.
  Look at my favorites. Shows otherwise.
  Forgetting something?
  Forgetting something?
  Actually, he posted before you. Looks like you need to change your answer.
  I'm on it.
  You guys might have to share a painting.
  Still haven't received the Tyson payment.
 Send player and RBI's in one tweet. Don't make me tell you twice (raising index finger).
 PAINTING CONTEST! Predict the player to hit the most HR's in July. Tie breaker determined by RBI's. Reply 
 July sports painting contest in a few..
 Album design meeting with 
 RT  Photos from my Vermont weekend. Ever see a chicken kill a cat? It was on. 
  I have an Eddie Murray painting that needs to go from my basement to your apartment wall. Eddie deserves better. 
  I can paint you Babar.
  J, win a painting! Predict the player to hit the most HR's in July. Tie breaker determined by RBI's. Reply to 
  D, win a painting! Predict the player to hit the most HR's in July. Tie breaker determined by RBI's. Reply to 
  MH, win a painting! Predict the player to hit the most HR's in July. Tie breaker determined by RBI's. Reply to 
  Win a painting! Predict the player to hit the most HR's in July. Tie breaker determined by RBI's. Predictions to 
  Please resubmit your prediction with the player and RBI's. It's easier for me to track. Thanks, Dave.
  RBI's. Please resubmit your prediction with the player and RBI's. It's easier for me to track. Thanks, Dave.
  I clicked it.
  RBI's for the whole month.
  Might want to rethink those RBI's.
  You can always change your mind.
 Player AND RBI's. In the same tweet, please.
  I need RBI's as well. Please submit again with player and RBI's. Thanks, Rob!
 For those previous contest winners, your painting will be mailed once I receive payment on a commission from my Mike Tyson painting.
 Win a painting! Which player hits the most HR's in July? Tie breaker determined by RBI's. Submit player & RBI prediction to 
 1 contest. 1 painting. 1 winner. Closest 1 wins.
 Original painting giveaway at 9:30pm EST. Stay tuned.
  Whoever he wants. I would think a self portrait would suit him.
  Mariners hand carved cedar baseball by my artist pa, Ben Blackburn:  | 
  oops. I meant to send that to someone else. Sorry for that random tweet.
  passing cows all day. Didn't stop me from ordering a cheeseburger for lunch. 
  that's a tough act to follow.
  thanks! It has lots of great colors in it.
  Vermont is beautiful, but I can only sit still for an hour at a time.
  do I have your mailing address? If I do, I sent it. I'll send another if you didn't receive it.
  I would do a portrait if you used it as your avatar. I ain't bad. Http://sportspainter.com
  Mr  is climbing this mountain right now. Me? Sipping a frappucinno.
  you're right, but knowing that I can be doing a million other fun things and can't is frustrating.
  I'd that is. I'd see twice.
  that's a movie is see twice.
  where are the celebrity shades?
  he's my new best friend. He on the other hand is friends with the other chickens, cats and dogs on the premises. Yes, cats.
  when they said "breakfast included" I didn't realize I HAD to kill it.  
  I'm not a woods kinda guy.
  live look from Vermont. Rescue me. I'm serious.
  so far they all have tee shirts, jeans, and big guts - but speak like college professors. It's cool. Slow as Hell, but cool.
 
  Vermont hostel. Get what you pay for. 
 Grrr. So when they said breakfast at 8am, they meant you have the kitchen to yourself to make your own breakfast from your store groceries.
 Free breakfast downstairs. Have to make smalltalk for food. Not my strength.  
 With  in VT. Making sure he doesn't get killed attempting bucket list.  
  whatever you do, don't paint over it and start from scratch. I still have my first painting from 1997. 
  it takes about 1,000 hours to get to where you want to be.
  nice! Keep at it. 2 steps forward and 1 step back. Mix some brown, bit of red, yellow and a dash of green or blue for skin color.
  my best work comes when I don't know what I'm doing as well. You're a channel. Roll. Get out of your own way. Work quickly. Boom.
  link is slow to load. Do you have the long version of the link?
  loved Hoop Dreams myself. It's a documentary that sticks with you.
 Vermont bed and breakfast. Reminds me of weekends at a suitcase college. Rescue me.
  jerry can't hang with trayvonn. I'm biased. T is on my fantasy squad. $1 keeper.
  looking forward to seeing the King Felix masterpiece.
 RT  I am literally going to paint of picture of Felix Hernandez tonight. That's how awesome he was. I've never really painted ...
  if you're into anoxic reactors. VT reststop.   Vincent Lombardi reststop has nothing on this.
  I appreciate it.
  heading up to VT. Holding off on the contests. Lack of participation.
  ah, well if you find a buyer for a painting I will send you a 25% referral fee or painting of equal size.
  we can arrange a payment plan.
 RT  Really wish I could afford some of these  from  -- Someday.
   Coolest tee shirt guy in the biz. Takes superhero retro bedsheets and sews them onto tee shirts. 
  There has to be a market for ARod voodoo dolls, no?
  Go shit in your hat.
 I procrastinate tomorrow every night. Going to bed shouldn't be this hard.
  love your work, M!
 Painting. My updated   |  
 RT  Nolan Ryan, Mets painting by  Beauty. For sale & in current window display at  Baseball Clubhouse in ...
 Nolan Ryan, Mets painting? I just finished one and it can be found at  in Greenwich Village.
 RT  Podcast with author/expert Matthew Silverman - "New York Mets: 50 Amazing Seasons." East side, West side, listen up! http:/ ...
 RT  just because you didn't hear me come in, doesn't explain why you were facing the corner of the room...
  Tim, it was mailed. Don't break my balls.
 Rushing to the train door while its still moving is one of the biggest high risk, low reward moves in life.
