 RT  The FitPass Network gives you multiple fitness options within minutes of where you work and live in San Diego:...
 RT  Cultivate good water habits 
 Went to the beach today! What a great way to put off those home improvement projects! 
 RT  The entire U.S. population is exposed on a daily basis to numerous agricultural chemicals. Read more...
 We are now accepting advertisements on our website! Let us know if you are interested! 
 RT  RT  Tonight is gonna be absolutely insane!   the place will be packed! Get...
 RT  RT  PolarBear the Next HockeyStickGraph?        
 RT  RT    : Environment News  Blog Archive  Why to Buy a Green Environment ...  ; )...
 What amazing weather for memorial day weekend!! Anyone going to the beach!?
 RT  We find all the fitness options in San Diego and only add the best to the FitPass Network: 
 RT  Receive our FREE Green Living Tips newsletter! 
 RT  Free shipping on $5 orders at Avon   
 RT  New Wind Farm Project Will Provide Renewable Energy to Mexico & U.S.  Pls share... 
 Get started on home improvements this weekend for this summer! 
 Happy Friday!! Any big plans for the long weekend?
 RT  Aubanel Wind (Baja California, Mexico)- 1000MW of renewable energy via North America's largest wind farm!...
 RT  Is Your Sunscreen Giving You Skin Cancer? 
 RT  WIll be at The Office Bar in North Park tonight from 5-10pm.  2 for 1 drinks & good eats!  (via...
 Police: Charger Kevin Ellison arrested with 100 Vicodin pills 
 RT  Do you suffer from social media remorse? 
 RT  Conventional dry cleaners r the largest users of the industrial solvent called Perchloroethylene which is toxic to...
  Its great to hear such great projects finishing not only ahead of schedule but under budget as well!!!
  I really liked the tips for New Graduates , especially cleaning up my social networks like Facebook. Thanks for the tips
 RT  Jack Johnson's Beach Clean-up Concert Kicks Off Tour 
 RT  Kevin Costner Cleaning up the Gulf with His Oil Separating Technology 
  Who doesn't hate this economy =/
 RT  Green Living Tip: FYI -- 17.8 tons of bulk mail is delivered each year but 44% goes unopened. Get mad. 
 I would totally buy this car if i lived in the UK 
  Sounds like a great event!!
 RT  Increased power lines bring Texas gains    
  tip of the day: Tips for a greener alternative to BBQ firelighters: 
  Cant wait for the series finale!!
 Time to start a new week!!
 Subscribe to us at our website!
 RT  Free Guide to local internet marketing services | local internet ...: Local internet marketing for small business.......
 Where is the sun? RT  Mostly Cloudy and 62 F at San Diego/Lindbergh, CA Winds are Southwest at 9.2 MPH (8 KT). The...
  great movies!!
 Happy weeekend!! Time for some home improvements?
  Awesome! Congrats to her!
  I hope so too!
  Thanks!
  Thanks for the FF!
  Thanks for the FF!
 RT  Alstom makes foray into solar energy: NEW DELHI: Global leader in equipment and services for power generation,...
  Awesome Blog!!
  tip of the day: Save up to 15 gallons of water per dishwashing load by not rinsing your dishes beforehand.
  I really hope that home prices do rebound in 2011!!!
  I love the Steve Jobs quotes. Thanks again Lexi
  Ahwww...i really wish I could go to Splash tonight...but thanks for the suggestion!
  My sister is getting married this July, I'll definitely keep the Green Wedding Tips you sent me in mind! thanks
  I hope to see some of those green prefabs go up in my neighborhood. The designs look amazing, thanks for sharing!
  OMG...I LOVE VANCOUVER, and I love Vancouver even more with the Green Expo it is hosting. Thanks for letting me know =]
  Good luck getting more friends on Facebook!
  I definitely want an Ipad...but I think I'll have to wait until Apple lowers the price.
  I love LinkedIn and have been meaning to finish up my profile. Thanks for the advice
  What exactly are Chia seeds?
  tip of the day: Simply eat slower and you'll not only digest better, you'll consume less.
 RT  RT  all you can eat sushi all day everyday!!! Only 20.95 for lunch and 24.95 for dinner!!!
 RT  Asian Stocks Fall as Weaker Euro Fuels Economic Growth Concern: Asian stocks fell as the euro declined aga......
  Thanks for the follow friday!
  Thanks for the mention!
  Thank you!
  Thanks for the support!
  Thanks for the mention!
  Awesome!
 RT  Green Forums -  Company plans manufacturing plant for solar cells (AP) 
 Looking for ways to improve your home this summer? 
  tip of the day: Don't know what to do with ink cartridges after you're done with 'em?: 
  Thats awesome!
 RT  RT  Home Energy Efficient "Renewable Energy...Solar Power"    friendly 
  tip of the day: Check out some alternative solutions for your weed-be-gone problems!: 
  tip of the Day: Why not use what nature gave us? Try using soap nuts to do your next load of laundry!: 
  tip of Day: Don't know what to do with old jeans? Find out helpful ways to repurpose them: 
 RT  Congress quizzes oil executives: WASHINGTON/PORT FOURCHON, Louisiana (Reuters) - Lawmakers on Wednesday pressed...
  I love farmer's markets, I'll definitely have to check out the Adams Avenue market soon!
  Im definitely having a raw lunch tomorrow!
  I love all the green tips of improving homes, thanks!!!
  Oh wow..im excited to see some of these Secret Gardens...thanks for the suggestion!
  its great to see China taking on a greener attitude! thanks for article
 Hahah...how iRobot-esqe. RT   The GM Android Car: Coming Soon? 
  Which recipe is your favorite for: 7 Recipes for Stunning Skin: 
  I never realized how annoying junk mail was...for me as well as the environment...thanks for that Green Living Tip!
  And you as well! :)
  tip of the day: Visit swapacd.com, swapadvd.com, and paperbackswap.com to exchange your goods with others--for free!
  tip of the day: Prevent emitting 1,281 pounds of carbon dioxide by washing your clothes in cold water.
  Thanks for the link to the must have 5 green devices...I definitely want the Energy Hub!!
  I love the creative solutions to old buttons! Cant wait to make some button jewelry of my own!
 Amazing Job San Diego: RT  Great news - the fire pits are saved again! Time for a beach bonfire...
  Thanks for sharing the Article...i am definitely keep up with Modern Hippie Mag from now on!!! You have me hooked =]
  omg that new cardboard packing is amazing!!! thanks for the link
 RT  Need a coffee break? Starbucks Happy Hour = Half Price Frappucinos (3-5pm)   
 RT  Mostly Cloudy and 60 F at San Diego/Lindbergh, CA Winds are West at 8.1 MPH (7 KT). The pressure is 1019.0 mb and...
 RT  RT  The Mothers Day Brunch was a success! Thank you to everyone who attended! Happy Mothers Day fro......
 Happy Mothers Day!!
 RT  Easy Green Living:  "Easy Ways to Compost Leaves" :       
  tip of the day: Kindly remind a bus driver to turn off his engine when waiting; it can reduce greenhouse gas emissions by...
 RT  Have you been to San Diego's Gaslamp Quarter?? 
  thats awesome!!
 RT  Low-volume/dual flush toilets, low-flow showerheads, water-efficient dishwashers & washing machines all save a great...
  wow thanks for the kindle advice!!
  not sure i understand?
 Wow! RT  Win a MAC Group Photo Essentials Package worth $2285 from  and Scott Bourne. Pls RT. Info at...
 RT  Dark Green News: BP oil spill in Gulf of Mexico larger than size of Jamaica -- Ya, mon (VIDEO) -...
 Just added myself to the  twitter directory under:   
  tip of the day: Keep your laundry on ice: 
  Thanks for the surf report!
 RT  EU cities pledge to exceed climate targets!   
  I love the iPad!
 Happy Friday!!! Any exciting weekend plans?!
 RT  Huge dome probes ocean depths to cap US oil leak: Workers lowered a huge dome over an oil leak gushing from a...
  Thanks! We will keep you updated once we launch it!
  Thanks you!
  We encourage all green projects!
  Thanks for the FF
 RT  TONIGHT: Rent boy appears on "Anderson Cooper 360" at 7 and 10 p.m. 
 RT  GOOGLE invests $38.8MM in two North Dakota wind farms- A smart move?  Pls share...
  tip of the day: A styrofoam cup can take over a million years to decompose. Check out others on the list that will shock you into...
  tip of the day: Donate old books that can help inspire a child across the globe: 
  haha...im glad that vodka is getting a new purpose!
   thanks for the love!
  what type of marketing projects have you been up to?
  tip of the day: Get rid of an old pair of Nikes and help create playgrounds for youths around the world: 
  what kind of projects have you been up to?
  hahaha...hope your up to some great green projects!
  thanks for telling me about 
  thanks for the love!
  tip of the day: Need a way to give away some of your junk and get useful items in return for free? Find a Freecycle group near...
  tip of the day: Try the eco-friendly Method Multi-Surface Cleaner: 
  tip of the day: Opt out of junk mailing lists: 
 RT  LEED, Prefab, Apartments: The Modules:  
 RT  Conergy's SolarGiant Earns Ranking Among InterPV's 10 PV Picks for 2010 
 RT  RT    : Emmer missing but targeted at 'green debate' - Minneapolis Star Tribune...
  tip of the day: unplugging your chargers can save you energy and money.
  I LOVE them all! Especially gold medal ribbon though
 Look out for when we launch our new shows on TV! 
 RT  How to Introduce Your Children to Culturally Diverse Foods 
 RT  Coca-cola drinks the world dry!      
 Get heavy duty discounts on your home improvements!! Check out our website today! 
 RT  Green Friends Made from Discarded Yogurt Cups : Crafting a Green World 
 RT  Obama to tour scene of Gulf oil spill: VENICE, Louisiana (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will visit the Gulf...
 RT  Great details RT  10 ways to increase adwords quality score  via 
  Love the quotes!
 RT  RT  Looking forward to Monte Carlo night at the Poway Center for Performing Arts. 
  Thanks for the RT!
 RT  TODAY! KidsFest San Diego will from 10AM to 6PM at the NTC Promenade in Point Loma.   check out the...
 There is one room in the house that is often forgotten – until, of course, it starts to stink. We’re talking about the bathroom. If your...
 RT  RT  Fry Scholarship provides education benefits to the children of troops killed since 9/11:...
 RT  Late Night Happy Hour at Fiesta Cantina in  starts at 10:30p 2-for-1 drinks (caveat, u get 2 drinks, not 1/2 off one...
  tip of the day: Instead of masking smells with synthetic air fresheners, find the source of the unpleasant odor and clean it up.
 RT  RT  Small Business Loan for Women | Corporate Finance 
  Wow! Sounds awesome!? Will this be offered again!?
  tip of the day: Bring your own bags when you shop: 
 Whoa! That earthquake was really crazy! RT  Raw Video: Quake Creates Pool Tsunami: A security camera in Mexicali was...
  Looks awesome! Thanks!!
  Loved the ice cream! Such a good deal!!
 RT  If you dont risk anything, then you risk even more
  tip of the day: Maintaining your household regularly can reduce waste.
  tip of the day: Be sure to dispose of plastic and garbage when out at the beach or on a boat.
  Our site is now accepting advertisements! All you home improvement folks this is a great opportunity!
  I agree! A solid team=great results!
 RT  Just saw the movie "Oceans" and highly recommend it! The cinematography is amazing. It's another reminder of how...
 How is everyone's sunday?! Ready for the week ahead?
  Thats great! The best things in life are Free!! :)
 RT  RT  RT   The passive house - an outdated concept or suitable for export?: The.....
 RT   consensus collapses in Senate:  (Boston Globe). Sen. Kerry’s bill on hold afte.....
  tip of the Day: Recycle cell phones when you're done with them.
  I love hiking! Hope you have fun!
  haha love the quote!
 RT  Countries gear up for low-carbon growth without climate treaty   
 Loved this! RT  RT  Video of a  Media panel I was on w/   & a few other great...
  That sounds great! Our site is up and running but lots of work still needs to be done. Check it out in the meantime however:...
  They are cottages represented by different countries of the world and on Sundays from 12-4 they are open and serve free food...
  Thanks for the mentioN!
  Sounds great!
 RT  Skip the store-bought air fresheners and instead try boiling cinnamon, cloves, or any other herbs you have a...
  tip of the day: Save energy by refraining from opening the fridge until you need a couple of things you need from it.
  tip of the day: Shaving off even a minute of your shower time can really make a difference.
  tip of the day: Got some time to spare? Eat in and save take-out bags.
 Check out this great article on clean energy, , thanks livinggreen50
  These green designs are so fashionable and perfect for Earth Day!! THANKSSS =]
  Hope you have a great Earth DAY!!!!
 RT  How to Troubleshoot Your Toilets Water Flow and Water Tank:  ...
 Good read for marketers. RT  Facebook Makes Major Announcements at F8 [LIVE]   
  tip of the day: Clean out the lint trap and improve dryer efficiency.
 RT  Great APP: Carbon Footprint Calculator
  Thanks for all the additional GREEN TIPS!
 RT  Receive our FREE Green Living Tips newsletter! 
 RT  DEL MAR: Kids learn about wildlife during Lagoon Week: The 10th annual Lagoon Week got under way Tuesday as about ...  ...
 RT  This is my life; I'm not going to have this moment again. ~ Bernie Siegel
  hahaha...have you jumped onto the Glee movement?!
  tip of the day: 11 Unusual Things You Can Compost 
  tip of the day: Reuse the many plastic bags you've saved by cleaning them with soap, and bringing them with you to the grocery.
  Im excited for the Speaker Series coming up!!!
 RT  If u want a happy life - let go of the need to be right, serve your Higher Power,  and solve problems. 
  thanks for the article. stock market has been crazy, at least the recession is ending according to the economist! =]
  i love arugula!!!!!!!
 RT  Green Vocabulary: Fair Labor Practices generally support fair wages and healthy working conditions.  ...
  I went there this weekend! SO pretty! Did you know about the international cottages??
 RT  • Alternative Health – Eat Healthy, Feel Healthy With These Five ...: What's the new buzzword when it comes to foo......
  At least you know how to cook the hard stuff!
