 As the debate continues on the floor of the House remember "The Perils of a Balanced Budget Amendment" 
 Appearing on  tonight at 7 pm to talk about the debt ceiling vote
 New infographic showing the company the U.S. will keep if its rating is downgraded from AAA to AA. (ex. Slovenia) 
 READ: My latest Inside Politics newsletter topics include,   fund raising, and  
 Thank you to Rep.  for joining me this morning for my Inside Politics breakfast!
 Join me next week Wednesday for my next Inside Politics PRESS Breakfast with  
 READ: My new op-ed on the proposed balanced budget amendment, a measure that will cut our nose to spite our face 
 At the Capitol talking  with  Sen. Kay Hagan and 
 Infographic showing the partisan nature of debt ceiling votes "Raising the Roof: Principle or Politics?" 
 A conservative approximation of the ramifications of a default on our debt. The inforgraphic from my May IP Newsletter 
 READ: My new piece on why there is not a sense of urgency in Congress to agree to a  compromise 
 In Chicago today attending an event that shows love does not have an age limit 
 My new article in  on why I think a  deal could be dangerous 
 My new article explaining how the GOP is killing the Bush Doctrine and how Afghanistan is now perceived to be Obama's war 
 The fact that  was done through the democratic process, not by court order in NY, makes a huge difference.
 READ: My June Inside Politics Newsletter where I analyze  after the debate, and GOP Governor approval ratings 
 Thank you to Rep. Allyson Schwartz for joining me this morning for my Inside Politics Breakfast! Check out the pics 
 My next Inside Politics Press Breakfast is Thursday. My guest is Rep. Allyson Schwartz 
 For those that can watch it I am about to appear on CNN International (430 EST) to talk about the 
 RT  AUGUST 2005 - Our  CNN Play of the Week - the rise of the netroots  
 My latest on why the budget talks need to focus on jobs. Also, how the talks could help or hurt President Obama 
 RT  Are the Republicans in Congress doing enough to cooperate with Barack Obama? Yes 29% / No 68% (CNN Poll)  ...
 RT  New York Times' era of male reign - 30 - 
 For those that have access to CNN International I will be talking about the  race at 5pm EST
 The question is, can any Republican capture the attention of America in the primary season like then Governor Clinton did?
 I wonder if any journalists used this article as a template to talk about the 2012 GOP race?  
 READ: My take on the GOP 2012 field and why it is a catch-22 
 Check out my new column explaining the different perspectives on whether  will maintain its status quo 
 Yesterday I appeared on CBN News to talk about the 2012 GOP field. Looks like I got one of my consonants wrong. 
 Check out the May edition of Inside Politics. Why is President Obama talking immigration reform now? 
 RT  READ: The May issue of Bill Schneider's INSIDE POLITICS - in this issue: immigration reform, Texas in 2012 and the... ...
 RT  REPORT & INFOGRAPHIC: The Tax Penalty on Health Insurance for Domestic Partners 
 RT  Today's theme: Men behaving badly.
 My thanks to  for joining me this morning for our Inside  breakfast
  My dear boy - from the looks of this field, theyre already in. But leaving aside my joke, I could see Sen Rubio on the ticket.
  - and that Mr Berman, was precisely my point
 SEE: Photos from our INSIDE POLITICS press breakfast w Senator Kay Hagan of North Carolina 
 My Inside  May newsletter is now online - this issue I look at immigration, the danger of default & Texas 2012 
 Great to hear Sen. Hagan speak optimistically about the discussions regarding the debt ceiling at this morning's Inside Politics breakfast
 RT  McCain says torture is stupid and unAmerican: . Where has THAT John McCain been for the past 7 y ...
 RT  5/17 Sen. Kay Hagan joins Bill Schneider at Third Way for Inside Politics next Tuesday  
 Sen Kay Hagan of North Carolina joins me for Inside  tomorrow at 830a to talk the budget, the debt, bin Laden & Charlotte 2012
 Inside Politics with Bill Schneider and Senator Kay Hagan Tues May 17 PRESS RSVP 
 Check out my latest column "It’s STILL the economy, stupid" on why the economy will determine Obama's fate: 
 RT  New poll numbers suggest the economic recovery (or lack thereof) holds the key to Obama's 2012 chances in Virginia - h ...
 Inside Politics with Bill Schneider & Senator Kay Hagan Tues May 17th PRESS RSVP 
  on the Gang of Six in NYT Sunday mag - smart piece. 
 My new column for  "Beware passion gap 2012" - POLITICO.com   
 RT  Carney: POTUS will speak tonight about "capacity for Americans to come together and achieve very difficult goals when  ...
 RT  Brennan calls al Qaeda a "mortally wounded tiger" -- still dangerous.
 RT  Justice has been served... For that, we join the world in giving thanks.Third Way statement on the killing of bin La ...
 RT  READ: Matt Bennett talks to The New York Times about the politics of national security in the wake of bin Laden's...  ...
 RT  Ambinder: One of the dead was Osama bin Laden, done in by a double tap -- boom, boom -- to the left side of his face.
 Best reporting on story 
 In Colorado this weekend. A key battleground state! Can Obama keep it blue in 2012?
 Sen Kay Hagan of North Carolina will join me for our next INSIDE POLITICS breakfast May 17th to talk  debate & the debt ceiling
 Off to Denver - where SNOW is in the forecast. My invitation to the Royal Wedding must have been lost in the mail...
 My new column: The Great Disconnect, Act 2 What just happened? The mood of the country has suddenly taken a nosedive 
 New  poll interesting - but misses the point - not a single question about gas prices - that's the kitchen table issue in America
 Check out my colleague Bill Rapp's graphic: . Think the vote to raise the debt limit is about principle? Think again.
 Check out my April newsletter: . It looks at "toxic" votes like TARP and raising the debt ceiling.
 Thanks to USTR Ron Kirk for being my guest for this morning 's Inside Politics breakfast. He was a strong advocate for Obama's trade agenda.
 My colleague David Kendall talks to NPR's All Things Considered about Third Way's/our tax receipt calculator 
 RT  WATCH: Due tomorrow... Done with your taxes? ABC World News Sunday on our tax receipt calculator 
  Ron Kirk joins me for our April Inside Politics press bfast 4/20 to talk  & expanding US exports
 RT   Ron Kirk joins  for his April Inside Politics press bfast 4/20 to talk  & expanding  ...
 RT  Happy(?)Tax Day! Did you know that over last 10 yrs, there have been 4,428 changes to the tax code - an average of mor ...
 RT  Why the S&P Downgrade of the U.S. Fiscal Picture Matters:  by 
 Join me next Wed., April 20th at 8:30am for Inside Politics to hear USTR Ron Kirk discuss Obama's trade policies and the economy.
 My latest column for  looks at the winners & losers from the budget deal 
 RT  NBC/WSJ poll: Trump tied for 2nd in 2012 GOP field 
 US Trade Representative Ron Kirk will be my next Inside Politics guest on April 20th to talk US exports and  deals w Korea, Colombia
 - 
 RT  But who’s the tea party’s candidate? by  « Third Way Perspectives  
 RT  Thin middle can mean big see saw swings again.MT Watch out, House GOP. People may be turning against. h ...
 I interview fmr GOP Rep Tom Davis & fmr Dem Rep Dan Maffei for my latest column: Reflective Politics  
 RT  Welcome Jim Kessler our VP for Policy to the twitterverse - folo him  - Red Sox fans preferred...
 My new Inside  newsletter looks to Sun Tzu for insights into 2012: strategy & terrain are the keys 
 Photos from Inside Politics breakfast w fmr Reps Davis, Nye & Maffei 
 Check out my latest column on President Obama and Libya- "President Nuance":
 Thanks to Ex-Reps. Artur Davis and Glenn Nye and all who came to this morning's Inside Politics breakfast. Very fascinating discussion!
 RT  READ: The Washington Post on our new memo which makes the case for entitlement reform: Third Way policy director... ht ...
 RT  Getting ready for April 15th? Want to see where YOUR tax $$$ goes? See our online tax receipt calculator  ...
 RT  Our new memo says Entitlement Reform is a political winner for Democrats   ...
 TUESDAY: I'm hosting former Reps. Glen Nye, Artur Davis, Earl Pomeroy & Dan Maffei for Inside Politics-we'll discuss the budget, Libya etc
 My next Inside Politics breakfast will be 3/29 with my guests Ex Reps Artur Davis, Earl Pomeroy, Glenn Nye & my new colleague Dan Maffei
 My next Inside  breakfast will be 3/29 with my guests former Reps Artur Davis, Earl Pomeroy & my new colleague Dan Maffei 
 How much did Charlie Sheen spend on DEA? Check out Third Way's new Tax Receipt Calculator HERE- 
 Here's my latest column on the 2012 GOP field- But who's the tea party's candidate? 
 Here's my latest column for  on the GOP 2012 field - But who's the tea party's candidate? 
 RT  New survey finds Americans heavily oppose US military intervention in Libya. 
 Get a Tax Receipt From Uncle Sam - 
 With a taxpayer receipt, we’d see what the government is doing with our money - The Washington Post  via 
 See where your tax dollars go! Check out Third Way's Tax Receipt Calculator: 
 We're hiring: 
 Very sad to hear that my friend David Broder has passed away. There will never be another one like him. He was a national treasure.
 My latest column looks at the budget showdown: Everything depends on what political consultants call the “optics” 
 Photos from our book party honoring: "Behind the Dream: The Making of the Speech that Transformed a Nation"... 
 RT  Very sad news: CNN Producer Hunter Waters has passed away. Long time LKL political producer. Lost courageous cancer battle.
 My latest column for Third Way - "American politics has become tribal" looks at  Congressional rankings 
 Book Party & Reception Honoring "Behind the Dream: The Making of the Speech that Transformed a Nation" DETAILS: 
 RT  Moderates not “Liberals in Disguise” New Third Way report from William Galston & Elaine Kamarck 
 RT  Statement from Third Way President Jon Cowan on the Dept of Justice’s Decision not to Defend the DOMA Challenge http: ...
 RT   February Inside Politics newsletter: on the deficit :   ...
 RT  NEW INFOGRAPHIC: Who’s More Concerned About Reducing the Deficit? Free to re-use/share with attribution:... http:// ...
 Photos from my Inside Politics press bfast w/  Kamarck &  Galston 
 RT  GOP’s cuts are revenge fantasy, says Schneider. House is running counterrevolution to erase all evidence of Obama:  ...
 RT  RT  Opinion: Make politics safe for moderates - William Galston and Elaine C. Kamarck .. 
 The February edition of my Inside Politics newsletter - this month - the deficit :  
 RT  New Report: Galston & Kamarck - 
 Looking forward to Bill Galston & Elaine Kamarck explaining their new report The Still Vital Center-my Inside Politics newsletter out Weds
 RT  Tomorrow - Bill Galston & Elaine Kamarck unveil their TW new report The Still Vital Center at  Insi ...
 RT  Sweet blog Chicago mayoral election today 
 My latest column for  looks at the "Counter-revolutionary" House GOP Budget 
 Bill Galston & Elaine Kamarck will join me for my Inside Politics press breakfast on Weds -- my oped on the budget in  tomorrow
 RT  READ:  latest Wall Street Journal column looks at Third Way's forthcoming paper The Still Vital Center ht ...
 RT  Obama: Politics vs. diplomacy by  « Third Way Perspectives    
 Next week - Feb 23rd - Bill Galston & Elaine Kamarck on rise of moderates  They'll join me for Inside  press bfast
 Nice profile piece in   is Redefining the Democrats' Power Base  by 
 RT  How a Little Known Think Tank,  is Redefining the Democrats' Power Base  by  ...
 Does the DLC's demise mean the end for moderates? Bill Galston & Elaine Kamarck say no! They'll join me for Inside Politics press bfast 2/23
 Photos from my January Inside Politics press breakfast with GOP pollster David Winston 
 I have a new piece in  today entitled: Obama: Politics vs. diplomacy 
 RT  The Caucus: Obama Calls for Investment in Clean Energy 
  Thank you for your kind words. I am still writing my column - you can read it each week at www.thirdway.org
 RT  VERY interesting chat this am! RT  My thanks to David Winston...excellent presentation at today's Insid ...
 Hard to believe I was on twitter before  - welcome to my Third Way colleague
 My thanks to David Winston for an excellent presentation at today's Inside Politics breakfast - Feb 23rd = Elaine Kamarck & Bill Galston
 Thursday: GOP pollster David Winston joins me for my Inside  press bfast to discuss SOTU & GOP agenda  
 RT  (AP) -- White House: If Egyptian government is instigating any of the violence, it should stop.
 We all sometimes forget that in much of the world politics can sometimes be a life and death struggle. Politics matters.
 Very proud of my CNN friends & their courageous continuing coverage of events in Egypt - glad that  & team are now safe
 RT  In the Oval Office, Pres. Obama just signed two copies of the START Treaty with Russia. Stills only press coverage.
 Clever infographic from my colleague Bill Rapp who shows the impact of  Recessions & Recoveries since WWII 
 My next Inside Politics breakfast will be this Thurs., Feb. 3 at 8:30am with guest GOP strategist David Winston, a close adviser to Boehner.
 RT  Welcome  to the twitter-verse - twitter feed from TW's new Education Initiative  
 RT  infographic: Recoveries & Recessions since WWII in the latest INSIDE POLITICS newsletter  ...
 My January Inside Politics Newsletter:  This month: Will 2011 be the year of gridlock?  
 Catch my latest article on President Obama's State of the Union address- “Why Sputnik?” Third Way Perspectives 
 Thundersnow! That's in the forecast for DC - so we will be postponing our Inside  press breakfast w David Winston until Thu Feb 3rd
 Welcome to my new colleague - former Congressman Dan Maffei (D-NY)  has joined Third Way as a fellow Distinguished Senior Fellow
 GOP pollster & Boehner confidant David Winston will be my Inside  guest Jan 27th - we'll  review the SOTU and the House agenda
 You can read their letter to Congress at www.thirdway.org
 Seems sensible: my colleagues suggest a break w tradition = bipartisan seating at the State of the Union in light of awful Tucson attack
 RT  Word. RT  A State of the Union recommendation: Mix up the seating  via 
 RT  Obama faces challenge of capturing grief: Barack Obama will travel to Arizona to speak at a ceremony to honour t...  ...
  Sounds promising - suggest you call it Inside Politics -
 RT  A State of the Union recommendation: Mix up the seating  via 
 RT  Three Steps to a More Civil Congress? 
 RT  More details on our open letter to Congress at www.thirdway.org or see the New York Times Caucus blog
 RT  Third, we suggest funds be set aside to pay for members to travel to the district or state of someone from the other  ...
 RT  it is vital that opposing parties come together to break bread & have more in-depth discussions than regular congress ...
 RT  Second, we propose for the House & Senate to hold off-the-record, not public bipartisan retreats
 RT  The spectacle of one side of the room leaping to its feet while the other sits glumly on its hands is just that—a spe ...
 RT  We do not see any purpose behind putting Democrats on one side of the floor and Republicans on the other.
 RT  First, we urge the leaders of both houses of Congress to agree to end the partisan seating for the State of the Union.
 RT  Letter to Congress: we respectfully offer three suggestions that take small but important steps toward increasing res ...
 RT  READ: The New York Times on our letter to Congress offering ideas to ease the partisan divide 
 GOP pollster David Winston will be my guest for the January Inside Politics press breakfast - week of Jan 24th-stayed for details 
 RT  Jim Kessler comments on guns laws & the Tucson shooting in the NYT Caucus Blog
 RT  TW Statement on the Arizona shooting and Honorary TW Co-Chair Gabrielle Giffords 
 I shared my thoughts on the tragedy in Tucson in POLITICO 
 No snow in LA!
 Worth a listen: Third Way President Jon Cowan on NPR's Diane Rehm show on the new No Labels movement 
 Thanks for the photo  - v festive- my mother wil be delighted! 
 WATCH: my INSIDE POLITICS press breakfast with Rep Joe Crowley & Rep Ron Kind of the New Democrat Coalition 
 The November/December edition of my Inside Politics newsletter is now out:  
 RT  READ: LA Times columnist Doyle McManus looks at our recent poll of swing voters who voted for President Obama in... h ...
 INFOGRAPHIC:
 My new Inside Politics newsletter is out tomorrow. Reps Crowley & Kind will be on hand for the press bfast - watch it on C-SPAN
 My new column for POLITICO: "Politics 101: What would Clinton do?" 
 RT  Infographic: What Voters Want to Tell Obama and GOP     
 RT  READ: Jon Cowan & Jim Kessler have the featured op-ed in POLITICO today: "...The decision by Obama to take the... http: ...
 RT  Infographic: What Voters Want to Tell Obama and GOP     
 Quite the DC kerfluffle over the deal struck by Obama - Reps Crowley & Kind will discuss the new "new"  at my Inside Politics 12/15
 RT  TUESDAY: Third Way, the Idaho National Lab and Senators Carper & Voinovich host Energy Secretary Steven Chu, Carol... ...
 Rep Joe Crowley, Chair of the New Democrat Coalition, will be my guest at my December 15th Inside Politics press breakfast
 RT  TUESDAY: Third Way, the Idaho National Lab and Senators Carper & Voinovich host Energy Secretary Steven Chu, Carol... ...
 My new piece for POLITICO: Sarah Palin - The Un-Obama 
 Welcome  - Bill Rapp's new feed - he's the man who makes all the smart graphics for my Inside Politics newsletter
 RT  Growing Gap between Landline & Dual Frame Election Polls: GOP Vote Share Bigger in Landline-Only Polls  ...
 RT  Toplines from our 2010 Elex Poll are online: Voters who :"switched to GOP in 2010" 67% want GOP to compromise & work  ...
 RT  Toplines from our 2010 Elex Poll are online: Voters who :"did not vote in 2010" 75% want GOP to copmpromise & work wi ...
 RT  Toplines from our 2010 Elex Poll are online: Voters who :"did not vote in 2010" 56% want Pres Obama to compromise wit ...
 RT  Toplines from our 2010 Elex Poll are online: Voters who :"switched to GOP"  76% want Pres Obama to Compromise with Re ...
 RT  Toplines from our 2010 Elex Poll are online: Voters who :"switched to GOP" Only 20% = Republicans had better ideas
 RT  Toplines from our 2010 Elex Poll are online: Voters who :"switched to GOP" Not enough focus on jobs 52%
 RT  Toplines from our 2010 Elex Poll are online: Voters who :"switched to GOP"  66%=Too much government spending
 RT  Domestic Policy Program | Report:
 RT  Polling:
 This "info-graphic"on US and Chinese energy investments is kinda neat: 
 I'm headed to Philadelphia for Third Way's annual policy conference
 RT  "2012 Senate battle already underway" - 
 My latest POLITICO column: "It takes two wings to fly. And one wing of
 RT  Gallup Editor in Chief Frank Newport on Implications of the 2010 Vote:    
 The Green Party cost Democrats the Illinois Senate seat: 
 New POLITICO op-ed from my colleagues Jon Cowan & Jim Kessler - How Democrats Can Stay Relevant 
  Yes David, I do.
  Thank you
  Ha!
