  yeah right, and every girl with a nice rack can get whatever she wants if she just arches her back . . . Um, bad example.
  They don't think legal employees would fill the vacant positions? They think citizens wld rather stay home collectin welfare?
  I suspect if the source who wished for a stock market meltdown was a republican we'd all know his name by now.
 As I reflect on the story of my life, I become more and more convinced that it was written with a Lorem Ipsum text generator.
 Elmers glue 
 Miracle Whip. 
 An Easter parade. 
 Uncle Ben's Cajun style rice 
 No. 2 pencils 
 Bartles & Jaymes wine coolers 
  is reprobate a generic term?
  Unexpectedly?
 Q: If Islamic standards prohibit service in the US Army in any war, wtf did Abdo voluntarily join the US Army?
 Dear Johnny Depp,
 Anyone who has ever shared a pizza with a college roommate knows instinctively why communism will never work.
 Apparently riding the dog like it's a small horse is frowned upon on this establishment.
 It smells like ham outside. Not quite bacon but a honey roasted cooked ham.
 All UR tweet R belong to us. RT  8,500 followers! I love my spambots.
 Who would have thought that 72 degrees would feel chilly?
 Obama's debt speeches have been so dishonest that even the spaces between words are generally accepted as white lies
 Bush spoke so plainly that I never thought he was lying to me. Obama speaks in such dulcet that I'm positive he's hiding most of the truth.
  Is vacationing in the Hamptons included in the golf stage?
     Upside. As an actor he has almost as much experience reading other people's words as Obama.
 Two beavers are better than one, just ask anyone.
 As of today I am completely debt free. No house, car or credit card payments.
 RT  PLEASE RT:  raising the debt ceiling was seen as a 'failure of leadership.' 
  Turn off the a/c in the WH instead. See if that gets us some Presidential leadership.
 This. RT  Re. Gang of Six: Nothing good can come of anything that involves Dick Durbin. It is as simple as that.
   Save the Balanced Budget stuff for 2012 when they take the WH and Senate. Amendments need 2/3 majority. It'll never pass now.
  Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Give that girl a kewpie doll. Just pass a bill with spending cuts 2X the amount they raise the ceiling.
 Especially in the kiddie pool. RT  Kinda freaky how quickly five laps in the pool can wear you out...
 This Cut, Cap, and Balance stuff is an over reach. Republicans should address the immediate problem with immediate and concrete solutions.
   It's a good thing.
 Raise taxes or I will shut down the government. 
 It's okay when Democrats do it. RT   moves to outsource city work, will cut 625 jobs 
 RT  Part of this job is havingin a thick skin, said Pres Obama. He said he recognizes it's not personal.
   That's a Simpson's episode.
 If Obama wants to cut defense spending why does he keep getting us into more wars?
 So it's against the law to lie to Congress but not the other way around?
 If scientists r so smart, where are all the fembots? Not those weak Japan style robots, full-on Austin Powers .45 caliber nipple fembots.
 Mau-mauing RT  Meowing... RT  Mowing...
 So what's President Petulant up to today? does he have any more meetings to storm out of in a fit of pique?
  "I'm down wit O.P.P."
   1 2 3 4, I declare a thumb war.
  will it be on network TV?
  Pull the other one.
 Best. 4sq. EVAH! RT  I'm at Caesars Palace Hotel & Casino (3570 Las Vegas Blvd. S., Las Vegas) 
   I was under the impression that Obamanomics was more like two girls, one cup.
 As is your world. RT  OMG! I just realized my globe is solar-powered!
 I know he will one day be King of England but let's face it, when William picked Kate he married up.
  Or Jarts!
  did you move to Florida? RT   My effect on women. ;D RT   I hate you.
  Obama was originally going to spread that out over 5 years but now he figures he only has 1 left.
 This is awesome! If only real life was in 3D.
 That was the reason stated. RT  CNN dumps Spitzer.  A mistake, I think.  He was surprisingly good.   
 RT  The popular videogame "Doom" is based loosely around the time Satan borrowed two bucks from Rick Perry and forgot to ...
 Is the crime that Halperin said Obama's a dick on TV or that Halperin believes that  a 
  only 4,600 to go!
 Taco flavored Doritos are to tacos as Obama is to good governance.
  any word on whether the sky is blue or if water is wet?
 I hate waiting for a new-to-me hat to arrive. 
 Why would it matter to Libs that Weiner's wife is pregnant? To hear them tell it, it's just a clump of cells.
  I'll check your frog link, but it better not be tour 
 I am the Mayor of standing in line to get a city sticker. 
 Is this the start of summer or monsoon season? 
 Evidently I was arrested for" Using one’s genitalia to click to the next PowerPoint slide" . . .   
 This new  has a voice like Allen Rickman. I keep expecting him to say something about sitting on a beach earning 20%.
 I feel already shod with marble, gloved with lead.
 Inspired by  I will soon be purchasing my first non-baseball hat. 
   perfect for robbing banks.
   The oldsters are smart enough not to vote for Obama.
 I have deep set eyes that make me look angry all the time. Coincidentally, I am angry. All. The. Time.
 I've been to me. It's no picnic.
 Why isn't  trending? Did twitter all of a sudden go teh ghey?
 Dear Baby Asaad: If you don't stop killing your people you can expect a strongly worded letter in your next diplomatic pouch. XXOO, Barack
 I'm okay Hob-wise. It's the Nob part that concerns me.
 RT daily RT   President Obama is more interested in exploiting _______ for electoral gain than he is in fixing it.
 I've got chunks of guys like you in my stool!
 What? WHAT? I can't hear you I have a banana in my ear!
  future tense?
 Alles klar, Herr Kommissar?
 I guess it's pretty  to kill Bin Laden when a large percentage of your donor base disagrees with you.
 After exciting seasons by the Bears and the Bulls, it was too much to ask that the Sox and Cubs not be teh suxxor. 
 You can't fight in here. This is the War Room.
 When I hear atheists rail against believers I think to myself, "But why so great a no?"
 Science!
 It's time to hit every target on Osamas' treasure trove and either engage the Paks full bore or exit Afghanistan completely.
 Now they say we must keep funding Pakistan because we need their permission to keep the supply lines to Afghanistan open.
 Given that most of the AQs are killed in Pakistan, it seems we are fighting in the wrong country.
 Hair cut is way too short. Now I look like Uncle Fester.
  [300 million Americans nod in agreement]
  based on their reaction, so did their elites.
  Illinois motto: Since Lincoln we got nothin'
    He must be dissatisfied with the level of skill his recent partners have shown in this regard.
  I think he will die, and by his sisters' hand. It's season finale stuff.
  that's a pretty big downside. What's plan B?
  can a negative be proven?
  what's the downside?
 I prefer the Alpha Bits.
  so, in about an hour then?
 It's a beautiful Sunday. Let's make some music, make some money, find some models for wives.
 The pellet with the poison's in the vessel with the pestle; the chalice from the palace has the brew that is true!
 Sugar and spice and everything nice. That may be what little girls are made of. It is NOT what just came out of my 3 mo. old granddaughter.
 This breaking news just in, Osama bin Laden is still dead!
 No ponies here. In this house it's Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein.
 Who has the pool on the date that Obama says that he was always against the killing of bin laden that he authorized?
 Slow ride.
  unfortunately they gave it to Dan Brown so it will be convoluted, not based on reality and late. so don't hold your breath.
 She thinks she's the passionate one.
  now I see. You don't tug on superman's cape.
  I hadn't heard. Tell me more
 HA! RT  If your mom's bed were on Foursquare, I'd be the mayor.
  I miss that man.
  a young Churchill!
 Must delay the final extinction of slavery until the faith of Islam has ceased to be a great power among men. 2/2
 The fact that in Mohammedan law every woman must belong to some man as his absolute property - either as a child, a wife, or a concubine 1/2
 A degraded sensualism deprives this life of its grave and refinement, the next of its dignity and sanctity.
 How dreadful are the curses which Mohammedanism lays on it's votaries!
 . I tweet best drunk. Unfortunately for my followers I've been sober since 1991. 
 To the surprise of no one I've been derpy all day.
  True?
  I agree. The intel guys musta been pissed when BHO did his victory lap an hour later allowing AQ a chance to disappear.
 E'en now my feet have turned to stone,
 I don't like to use the 'Nearby Tweets' button in this app. Most people around me are quite loathsome. But not you! You're delightful.
  Obama knows he can't win in Texas in 2012 so no money for Texas in 2011. This is the transparency that he promised in 2008.
  I thought they provided their own thru asexual reproduction.
  why would GWB stand next to BHO while he gives a speech trashing GWBs inability to kill OBL? This is what BHO does. Ask Ryan.
 Tazeen Ahmed. 
  that's Obamas superpower.
 Every day is Steak & BJ day for Seal Team 6. At least it should be. 
  No. It's "run screaming into the front yard" time.
   My idea of a luxury mansion is very different than this. The Waco compound was a couple steps up from this.
  Muhammad’s the guy all the Muslims claim they want to emulate, right? I know I over generalize, but Ima not feeling generous.
  Even this is gross understatement.
 Whether captured dead or alive, if he was dumped into the ocean with all the honors that a Navy Seal feels he (cont) 
  Isn't beheading the traditional/preferred way that Muslims interact with Jews?
    This will only help Repubs to locate voters. The Dems already know where to find theirs, the cemetery.
 If anybody's gonna take that bitch down it's gonna be me. - Stewie
  I'd like to see his kindergarten teachers face when belts out 'Big Balls.'
 RT  Due to budget cuts, light at end of tunnel will be out.
  There were words?
 If the paperback is cheaper than the  edition, what's my motivation? 
  Does this link need an  tag or am I just too much of a pervert?
 I love Florida. Not a fan of the Heat.
 So, zombies drive Hondas. That's your message?
 I want to go see a movie but I can't find any without Natalie Portman.
  It means they think of Obama as dictator/king instead of president.
  Picket lines and picket signs.
 Reuters: Jerry Brown has cancerous growth removed from nose    There is a joke here.    
 And then as I end the refrain. . . thrust home!
 Very small bicycle saddle 1: My butt 0.
 No. Having more money in your bank account than you thought is not an achievement, it is poor bookkeeping. 
 Saturday night's all right for smurfing.
 Do I really need to bang a gong in order to get it on? Because I don't have one.
 This "Win the future" crap spouted by every administration flunky is really starting to creep me out.
 Charade you are. 
 I've found that I'm much more attractive to females when viewed from 100 yards or more.
 I wish it was 1000 O'clock.
  I want my, I want my, IwNt my MTV. 
 . By anyone he means himself, because who else is there? 
 Sometimes there's just not enough tequila. Or .45ACP ammunition.
  someone should write a song about that.
  Being more interesting than Obama, much like being less calculating than Obama, is a pretty low hurdle.
 Ja just sent us here to catch vampire.
 Only if you've been a naughty boy. They have very high standards.  Do Texican women go for pasty Scandinavian types?
 . how much per plate this time?
 That Hilfiger commercial has more hipster douchebags per square inch than the '08 Democratic National Convention.
  'Speculators' are an WH bogeyman to deflect blame away from Obamas destructive energy policies. As if you didn't know.
  Ha! Microphone would've never occurred to me. I keep forgetting that you're a famous media person.
 . what is that in back of your pinky, some sort of jet pack?
 This --> RT  Obama "Now it's time to get on to more important issues" Like Oprah? Today!!!  What a joke that man is! 
 What language did you use the other 4% of the time? RT:  Woo! Got a 96% on my English essay!!!
  Gingerbread
  True, but at least it's not soccer, I mean futbol.
 I can feel the bile rising in my throat. Either the  are going to lose tonight or  has done something stupid again.
 Ay, pointed words!
    Clearly, for libs both the constitution and the dictionary are living documents.
 My next T-shirt--> "I have bruises on my ass from her spurs. God bless Texas."
 Layers upon layers of editors. RT  NYT: ‘Fake but accurate’ redux 
 C'mon Blackhawks.
 Go Sabres. 
 . He's better than us.
 Blonde guys aren't dumb, they're evil. Like in Karate Kid or WWII.
  Fellows + (Over Here) = Tend To Agree
  my wife did that too. And boy has she lived up to it.
 After seeing some new android phones, the iphone5 will have to be pretty amazing to get me to buy. Also, my 3GS is looking long in the tooth
 But, O most lamentable man!--of wit
 Take notice, boobies all,
 I will clap my hands thrice, thus--full moon! At the third clap, eclipse yourself!
 People don't say Gadzooks enough.
  It just won't have anywhere near the outlays as it does currently.
  I am simultaneously reminded and saddened that the word 'shower' has multiple meanings.
 My side of the conversation: Porn? How do I know, I don't control the internet.
 Do you know how hard it is to get slut out of Egyptian cotton?
 I said DON'T drop her down the stairs.
  much like how many licks it takes to get to the center of a Tootsie pop Blow pop, the world may never know.
 Hee Haw!
 And his hair was perfect
  Sure the USPS is stupid, but anything that pisses off Bloomberg is okay by me.
  has been quite entertaining of late. A few more young people like him and this country has a good shot at a bright future. 
  
  50 watts per channel baby.
   Who are they trying to convince?
 14 April 2011. The Office simultaneously adds Will Ferrell and jumps the shark.
  But seriously, did you check the drain pipe behind the pine cone headed snake?
  shall I alert the media? 
 How about Thai, they're like Chinese Mexicans.
  public sector union employees
  More accurate AP: Hillary Clinton warns NATO against "precipituous withdrawals" from Afghanistan as US withdraws precipitously.
 RT  Here's an idea, how about we scrap this whole "ObamaCare" crap from the budget until leaner times?  
  Your train has a Logan's Run vibe about it.
 Experimenting to see how many days of not taking out the garbage until wife moves out or raccoons move in. 
 Why do tv shows still use film winding sound effects when they use digital cameras?  
 I wasn't surprised Chicago didn't get a  once I heard that  lobbied for it.  
  November 2008.
  "I'll have what she's having."
 I would like to be "gettin' my swerve on," but I'm afraid it might lead to hip replacement surgery.
 If we do not meet again in this world, I hope we may meet in the better one. - Major Robert Anderson, Fort Sumter
 April Fools! Big whoop. Battle cry of the invocation of coffee. he knows when to be thanked?
  we were all so skinny then.
  then no yay.
  how much do we all get?
 As Wisconsin proves, libs are very poor losers. but be glad because as  proves, they are even worse winners.
  do you get a refund?
 My pocket is vibrating but my phone is in the other room. What does that mean?
  an extraordinary album. They're still called albums, right?
 Ima likin' this Mad Love show.
 It's old. So sue me. Make The Girl Dance - Baby Baby Baby 
 Nod if you understand.
  Who will he fire?
  like everything else, it's not a problem when Obama does it but for anyone else it is a catastrophic mistake. 
  there should be a corollary to Godwin's law related to the invocation of race or racism.
 Season one, first six episodes. RT  Was Saturday Night Live ever funny?
 It sounds so clever in my head and when I open my mouth everything goes pear shaped.
 Blackhawks back into the playoffs with their tails between their legs.
 This.  Bob's Burgers might be the worst show on television. For real.
  This is a problem that I wish I could even remotely relate to. 
 I will not be watching Rio: the movie. 
  I notice you said "they," was it a 2-man job?
  it's telling that Obama doesn't enter the deficit reduction debate until after the Govt. shutdown debate is decided. 
  if the Obama admin. didn't basically agree with them, they would have never dared to say it.
  perhaps, but when I look at him I see Zach Johnson not Phil or Tiger.
  I suspect we'll never see him again on this big a stage.
  count me in.
 Unforced error RT:   Has your fitness improved in order to be considered for the military?
 Who will be in the playoff?
 Nobody seems to want it this year. 
 So much for Scott.
 Fucking Aussies.
 Mcilroy wet
 Wow. 
 Fucking Blackhawks. 
 Reverse Cowgirl. Two of the most wonderful words when used in conjunction.
 "extremely unique"  
 The dangerous thing about Obama is that since he constantly reverses his position, we don't worry about his policies. 1 day he won't change.
  how/when will Obama tie in this 'win the future' business to his reelection campaign. As it stand there is no point to WTF.
 I wish I was in Tijuana eating barbecued iguana.
  thus the popularity of beer commercials.
  you are right, if there is a second step. I think that is what most of the worry is about.
  border collie?
  ah yes. No one had an iPad and the iPhone 3GS had only been on the shelves for a couple months. It was practically the stone age.
 Harvey Dent was pretty good in Battle: LA.
 You are neither. You are an errand boy, sent by grocery clerks, to collect a bill.
 I'm smitten, I'm bitten, I'm hooked, I'm cooked, I'm stuck like glue.
  We must. We must. We must increase our ...
 That's optimists. Those bastards never learn.
 Sox, Bulls, Blackhawks and Cubs all won today. It's a world gone mad I tells ya.
 Remember what happened the last time the Govt shutdown? Me neither. They are dependent on us, not the other way around.
 Dear Ladies; We know you're out of our league, but if you have the grace to not constantly remind us then we will love you forever.
 Even my spam followers are unfollowing me. Yeay?
 Guessing that on 'moving day' Mcilroy goes backward and Phil get stuck in neutral. 
  Well, that ought to do it. Let the vacation begin!!!
 I want to do the Carmine but I can't find my bobby socks. Also, I'm not gay. 
  if you asked him he'd say she was just a good friend.
 Tiger to 6-under after 15
  essentiality will be determined by past campaign contributions and future promises.
  yes but Harry Reid would put the band in jail for identity theft.
 I just want to eat my waffles in peace.
 Excellent idea! RT  Purdue School of Communication to be renamed Brian Lamb School of Communication. 
  there's nothing I can do.
  Blackballed? Rick-rolled? Never saw Blackrolled before.
 I sleep in the nude. This may explain my wife's night terrors.
 Blossom is so much better on this new show than on, you know, Blossom.
 That's gold.
 The other monkeys just sit around and masterbate.
  Same ole Phil. I kinda miss the same ole Tiger, though.
  it's like Thanksgiving, right!
 Looking to buy full size  I'm considering a Dan Wesson since I already have a CZ P-01 9mm. Any suggestions?
 Thanks Obama!  LATEST  UPDATE: Rebels Reportedly 'Stampede' in Retreat from Ajdabiyah to Benghazi
   as long as  keeps his mouth shut we're probably safe.
  Most awesome character name.
 Public Sector Union tears are the most delicious of all.
 I have found most women to be smarter than men. Well, smarter than me at least. And yes I know that's a pretty low bar to clear.
 Considering all the rounds he's gotten in, I expected to see Obama at Augusta this year.
  so, sign bill or shut down Govt. Does Obama have the stones to choose the latter?
 You may be a liberal icon if you are not a "fit person for love or home or children or anything which needs attention or consideration."
 1 difference between the Bush and Obama foreign policy doctrines is O's complete and utter disregard of US national interests.
  you have, I imagine, a most interesting train ride.
 RT  I don't think I say this enough so I'm gonna say it now - I hate Obama. I hate his face, I hate his voice, I hate his walk,  ...
 Why am I feeling so stabby today? Yesterdays bloodbath should have slaked this thirst.
  and they wonder why the right says Obama is fundamentally unserious.
 Ever since that jackass in Engineering got fired, I don't say the word 'gobbledegook' nearly as often as I would like.
  so it's not the end times?
 Note to self: Maybe I should have waited til we all ejaculated. 
  does the same apply to "keep your laws off my body"?
 Installed important updates on PC now computer is flaking out.  Time to buy a Mac.   
 If I'm an enemy of the US, now would be the time to do something stupid. 
 Hey Look! It's Enrico Palazzo!
   Did the king also provide US student visas and free air fare?
  0-1. In May we'll be wishing that they were only 1 game under .500
  that is the most common complaint about his films.
  to be fair they *did* go to Illinois.
 Cubs are winning? It's a world gone mad.
  White hair guy with green glasses?
  each one explains the other.
  A Def one at that!
  April Fools!
 Big whoop.
 Battle cry of the uggos.
 <--- Recuerdas?
 This isn't a thimble, it's Turkish nipple armor.
 Hey! It's dry already. Put your shorts on.
 Good morning my corazon de alcachofa
 Who's got the pool on when  resigns?
  no wonder medical costs are high, so much 
 Dear  Since we're already in  can we just go ahead and kill the Lockerbie bomber guy that the Euros released? 
 Hey. You wanna mind your manners Strawberry Slutcake?
 No regrets. Just. Cheese.
  not if you use Osfoora.
 I'm gonna keep lecturing. If someone were to accomplish something in the mean time I'm okay with that, but I may fire you. 
  [Snarky/clever tweet about that being your greatest accomplishment.]
 Out bid. 
  because it's easier to keep your story straight when you actually believe what you're saying.
 Watching 
 Now were talkin'    
 You realize, of course, that now I'll have to kill you. 
   potential is forever descending on the Mets and landing on the Yankees.
  Ours?
  still 35 here in Chicago.
 This.-->RT  I love 
  I only recognize about 40% of those words.
  has Holder dropped the charges yet or is he waiting until the guy is convicted?
  how much is he charging them to be thanked?
  I agree, if by "Just" they mean "of no strategic value to the interests of the United States."
  he could take out Detroit, DC, Chicago and Oakland, if protecting civilians from lawlessness is his pretext.
  I prefer to think that she is ignoring you.
  is that the inside of your tardis?
 Shorter Obama: Do dah dippity!
 It is called the poop deck. 
  that's Peter Griffin.
  every time he doesn't rely on the TelePrompTer ... Oh never mind.
  only if she's your aunt.
  No cable. What happened?
  WTF?
  Joe Biden's closet.
 Watching "Mannequin 2: On The Move." Someone please kill me now.
   
 I'm going to look like a jackass in the Mexican newspaper tomorrow. 
  children, just like Lib politicians, don't stay bought.
 I wish that some enterprising individual would take the time to tell me how to get a new ipad2 or other apple device for free.
 "Fuck California, you made me boring." That's how you start a song. "California" (via  
  only if I can parlay it into some afternoon delight.
 TV line up.    Life is good.
  you just made my wife cream her jeans.
 I must say that the tears of these number 1 seeds have been delicious. 
  that's still triple digits.
  we didn't all go to your school.
 Makin' love ...   Makin' love for 2 ....   Makin' love for 2 minutes.
 I think my new tv has a higher refresh rate than my life. It's a lot smoother.
 
  pretty soon Chicago starts looking like Detroit.
   It won't just be companies leaving IL. New companies won't start up because of costs and existing ones won't come to IL
  that's to avoid friendly fire incidents when the bombing begins.
   My company of 500 people and is moving the bulk of it's operations to Texas.
  for some reason I read your name as  
  At my house? About 20 minutes.
  at least it wasn't Excelsior!
  that last tweet was directed at you. Getta steppin' girl.
 ". . . sometimes, though, I just wanna watch hot chicks blow sh*t up. " - James Armstrong on Sucker Punch 
 The best sex is "Duke just lost" sex. 
  Hey! I'm lying face down. . .and there's the cup of coffee.
  he didn't want it to interfere with the NCAA tourney.
 I'm that rare combination of 'up to something' and 'good for nothing'. 
  it needs autotune.
 No, I'm not having a stroke. I just can't type toady.
 RT  This has to be the lamest most misguided tweep I've ever seen. Doesn't understand a thing about Libya and thinks he d ...
  How dare you mention too short cheerleader skirts and fail to provide pictures. 
  $40,000? Where, Detroit?
 Obama has done everything he can to disassociate himself from this war that he started with 
 I've watched every episode of  since the paintball episode. None has quite matched it.
  This will not end well.
 Is it just me or does anyone else feel like this past week was an elaborate scheme by  to  the entire country?
  To be fair, Obama has asked that same question every day of his presidency.
 All that's on is reruns. RT  WH statement calls on Syrian Govt "to exercise restraint & respect the rights of its people."
 If I have a kinetic lower intestine action do I still need to use tp?
 What's the fuss? This is supposed to be a happy occasion. In just two years Obama has eliminated both terrorism and war.
 I love that stalker girl in the Virgin Mobile commercials.
 She was like the 'Rudy' of BJs . . . So much effort. 
 Sometimes you gotta take the crosseyed stripper. 
 Chris Collinsworth always sounds like he's doing a Spicoli imitation. 
