  Fear and Loathing is the only good Las Vegas novel.
 Summer rankings: X-Men > Captain America and Harry Potter > Thor > everything else >>>> Transformers 3. (Will never see!)
  I thought it was good fun too!
 Holy. Shit. RT  RT  HOLY CRAP. We've all been playing Monopoly WRONG.   // via 
  Thanks for that jobs RT. I'll try my luck.
 Want more women writing for your legacy characters? Start letting the ladies pitch fanfic.
   I think in that story, the personal details are helpful since the con was so personal.
  That's part of the reason I think that fanfic bias is ridiculous. Clearly, ability to write fic translates ability to sell.
  Since the dawn of time. Trek shows also used to take fan pitches.
  I can't believe anyone would help him with that? But yeah, I'm real cynical about our justice system.
  But weirdly, you can get a gig writing Trek books that way. What's the big difference?
  I know, I can barely believe I read that.
 I think it's funny that DC and Marvel WOULDN'T consider fanfiction, since that's basically what writing Batman is...
 RT  Because look, I'm sorry, but DC and Marvel are never going to hire writers based on the quality of their fanfiction.
 RT  It's a sad day when David Wu, the first Otherkin-American in Congress, is pilloried out of there because of a littl ...
 RT  So Chinese censors halt tv shows about time travel, & then Chinese scientists declare time travel impossible. No connec ...
 Wow. WTF. RT  Belarus, Europe’s last executioner, kills 28-year-old without informing family first 
 This NYTimes story about a woman whose rapist framed her for carjackings is INSANE. 
 Woke up, ate the last egg bagel, there's a Twilight Zone marathon on  Pretty decent start.
 I think most adults know this. RT  RT  Favorite Books of the Secretly Jerky 
  I got the impression she thinks gay people only started being born in the 60s or sommat
 RT  I love the 90s Are All That site: "Remember when life didn't suck?" Yes. Vaguely. If I think really hard.
  gotta be honest, though: I'd probably wear that New York Jew hat. Ironically. 
 My mom is also stunned and slightly agog that lesbians come that old. 
 No shit, my mom just opened a newspaper and said "oh, they legalized gay marriage in New York?" 
 RT  Oh P.S. - Hundreds of LGBT people in New York are probably having married sex right now. Have a nice day! 
 Wurd. RT  Holy cats, guys: Eerie, Indiana is on Watch Instant as well. That show is lodged in the center of me.
 RT  Use World of Warcraft as alibi. "You will be amazed on how much you can do undetected while blaming this game."  ...
 RT  Photographer & filmmaker Tim Hetherington was killed in Libya 3 months ago. These were his final images  ...
 A poster to illustrate how awful your Native-based sports team's name is:  h/t  cc 
 I feel like someone in my feed is an expert on cat sedation.  apparently needs help.
 RT  Hmmm... Project Kitty Sedation isn't going so well. How long should it take for the drugs to take effect? SHe is kinda f ...
 Next year in... MT  I'm not concerned about the debt crisis. As a Jew I can emigrate to a stable country like Israel whenever.
  Ha. I just made that joke. :(
 RT  MT  Overheard Boehner saying "I didn't sign up for going mano-a-mano with the President of the United State ...
 Plouffe looks like he's been crying, or stoned. I hope it was the second one? 
 RT  So to recap: Obama: "We need to compromise and stop being petty children for the sake of everyone." Boehner: "Fuck you."
  How's the health care?
  Is Brazil nice? Do you need neon benders?
  breaking up my angry politics tweets to distract me with shiny!? It... Totally worked. :D
 Wow, CRY MOAR,  Holy shit is this for real? 
 What! We're back on Spit, Swallow and Rinse?! 
 Okay, but Boehner has to explain his job title, so there's that. 
  I have the same problem. Christians all look the same to me.
  True. He lost this pretty hardcore on Friday.
 So his strategy is to punt to us to write our congresspeeps? Uh oh. We're FUCKED. 
 My twitter stream is going too fast. Either that or I shouldn't be playing the home game.
 Where is  anyway? Afghanistan? Iraq? Honeymoon? Honeymoon in Iraq?!
  Do we actually think blanket support for Israel makes the Tea Party not anti-Semetic?
 RT  I'll also repeat previous assertion of mine: the Tea Party movement meets four of the five classic signs of a nasce ...
  Natch, I kinda wish it was the other thing.
 RT  Mmm, can't wait to see what  Jony Ive does with transparent batteries. 
  It's Amy Winehouse songfic? Too soon.
 The answers from my FinAid office, no matter how simple (have I done all the paperwork?) are always "Uh, let me get back to you."
  lmao
  The one about retirement/health care is a biggie.
 RT  Wow, Boehner's statement really said "if the president wants his debt ceiling increase"?  Classy a ...
 Gotta say, my brief foray into cat ownership wasn't convincing, but I think I'd own another bunny. Clean, cute, eats the ends of lettuce.
 iPad - so easy a bunny can use it. 
 OMGOSH guess who hopped up the stairs!  
  Wow.
 RT  The Reichstag fire (debt ceiling "crisis") is but a catalyst for GOP power grabbing. Please let's not repeat history.
 RT  Actually have people tweeting me DEFENDING Glenn Beck comparing murdered kids to Nazis. Sick, sad world we live in.
  Hi, you too?
 RT  They'll defuse an old WW II bomb in Koblenz where I live tonight. Big parts of the city are being evacuated right now.
 RT  CAPACITIES FOR JOY AND SMASH NOT MUTUALLY EXCLUSIVE. HULK SMASH IS ACT OF LOVE, SHOW THERE SOMETHING WORTH FIGHTING FOR!
 RT  This.  Inchoate rage at "Washington" only serves the party that hates government & welcomes cynicism. It's c ...
 RT  Nobody asked me, but: Drew Barrymore should totally be the voice of Charlie in the new Charlie's Angels.
  delete, reinstall
 If you're not following  his insights into the manifesto of the Oslo bomber are fascinating.
 RT   American Tale: "Every so often I travel to the U.S. 2 recharge my batteries, and I'm not the only European C ...
 This is smart. RT  Time's  on Amy Winehouse and what addicts really crave. 
 RT  Meanwhile, time elapsed between reveal of Toph's daughter and fans shipping her with Korra: about 5 hrs. Fine work, fandom,  ...
  I own a rabbit, would gladly eat him when the zombies come.
 RT  My brother bussed for Kim Kardashian's fiancé's bachelor party; guy got comped $8,000 worth of stuff and didn't tip an ...
  Far cry from West Wing.
  Not sure. It probably makes sense on drugs.
 My thoughts. RT  Nazis with laser guns I'll buy, but an integrated Army pre-Truman? My disbelief can only be so suspended!
  cute!
 Omg it was so bad. RT  I am watching what may very well be the crappiest movie ever made.    UGH.
 RT  Higgs is looking interesting, now, it has to be said. Fermilab seeing similar signal at lower significance. I am sligh ...
 RT  Russell Brand writes a moving tribute to Amy Winehouse  via   (I'd link to his w ...
  What's the Supreme Court going to rule anyway? No he can't because we're suddenly against executive branch power?
  Unless you're under the age of 16, or it's like a coat/purse, your grandparents shouldn't be buying you clothing.
 LOL. RT  How can it be series 6B? There is no Two. There is no Jamie. Something is wrong with this picture
 Really, I think Obama should have pressed his luck and gone with the 14th Amendment answer.
   THAT IS CLOSER THAN I REALIZED. AUGUST IS EXCITING.
  *joins you for a lap*
  what what what
 WHAT. RT  Doctor Who Trailer And Clip From Comic-Con 
 RT  Roomful of people holding up Sonic Screwdrivers like lighters at a Journey concert.  
  That new automated gating complex is gonna be /sweet/.
  Yeah, I think they cut it in post production?
  Yep.
 Jean Grey just clipped the Twin Towers with the space shuttle. 
 Also: Gambit and Rogue are apparently fucking off-screen. I did not remember this! 
 I've finally got to Phoenix Saga. The teaser for it was hilarious. Like "yeah, we're a cartoon! Doing a long form adaption! Fight?" 
 RT  Niagara Falls lit up with the colors of the rainbow on the first day (45 minutes old) of N.Y.'s Marriage Equality ht ...
  awesome. Yeah not official. Heh
  I saw it on YouTube it is super shitty cam quality but awesome.
 Lololol what? RT  Speaking of  - I gotta say, Severus Snape's video is really moving. 
 In 20 years, will the late 00sy zombie craze look as dated as this 80s/90s cyborg obsession? 
 Wow. So at the end of the Savage Land arc (bleh, Mr. Sinister) Magneto and Professor X kiss and make up. 
 RT  I hired this guy once to comment ironically on a fight I was having with my wife, he was great 
 Wolverine is fighting a T-Rex. Then I looked again and realized it was supposed to be a velociraptor. I cried. 
 RT  Entire GoT panel caught in Epic Group Facepalm after Jason Momoa brags that fantasy lets you "rape beautiful women": ht ...
 Turned on the TV computer to get weird DOS error message about checking disk consistency. it booted, though.
  weird, why?
 RT  RT  Stages of Twitter grief: OMG!!!; jokes abt dead person; "Don't joke abt dead person!"; Instagram of brunch.
 RT  Awful context to  terror attack: Relative to the size of its population, it's equivalent to approx. 5,440 Ame ...
  lol.
 Dear  I know you're busy but you best be showing David Wu the door. Like yesterday.
 RT  It's outstanding to see how tall the World Trade Center is getting. 
  I love it, though I think Elsa is seriously underwritten.
  Over Casablanca?
 RT  At Tiffanys trying on wedding bands, and who walks in  and Callista.  I am not making this up.  
 RT  Compassion has no pecking order. The world has sufficient love for Oslo, for Amy, & for those we have lost who were kno ...
 I tuned out of Twitter cuz I assumed it would be all sad. OMG LEGEND OF  TRAILER?!!
 RT  Fashion Show Mall opens on Strip in 1981, pulls monied locals, the Meadows begins slow slide. Slow because Fashion S ...
 RT  Meadows Mall opens near some of city's most monied 'hoods in 1978, decline of Boulevard Mall begins.
 RT  Molasky builds Boulevard Mall, Paradise Palms in 1962, creates the high-end local shopping center & golf course neig ...
 RT   says that former location of Maryland Square already returning to the desert. What can compare?
 Yep, it's weak and people are going NUTS. RT  Underwhelmed by the Borders "sale." 90% of stuff is 10% off.
  What did Amy Winehouse ever do to deserve this?
 RT  You could be a little kinder. You could be a little more sympathetic. You could be less of a dick. There but for the gra ...
 RT  RIP Amy Winehouse: it's a sad day for music.  Norway: it's a horrifying time for the world. Sympathy shouldn't be something y ...
 RT  I saw Amy Winehouse in Chicago just as she was blowing up. Hubby bought her a drink & she took pics w us. Gracious and ...
 Amy Winehouse, Rest In Peace. I hope you find it in death since you couldn't in life.
 RT  News: Library of Congress staff cut by more than 300, w 50 from Congressional Research Service 2012 FY budget  ...
 This guy on CNN is describing clinging to a body in the water to survive. I feel dirty listening to this. He's clearly in shock. 
  I was just thinking that like, you have books. Books which are not mine. Whee!
 RT  It's no accident that "Deng Xiaoping" is what cartoon ricochets sound like.
  Number 3 was so good, though. I carried it around in my purse for months.
  I don't haaaaave it yet. Ooh.
 Skipping that. RT  Rumor has it, there's a 900+ Donny Osmond  at midnight in The Forum Shops.  
  which one is the new one? Browntown basically fucked my life up.
 80 fucking kids! EIGHTY. That is insanity.
 RT  RT  Eighty teenagers killed for participating in progressive political organizing. I have no words. 
 Everything's better with raptors! RT  You guys. What. 
 I only just realized that there's no  on!
  oh wait no. I have RP. :( Sunday?
 RT  For sure RT  I'd feel a lot more confident about the debt crisis outcome if it was a Sorkin script.
 RT  I'd die if he did!  RT  So is this the part of the show where Obama takes a walk to the Speaker's Office lik ...
  yeah. Let's hang tomorrow?
 Take out the trash night on  -DRINK!
 Nazis in the Marvel universe were busy this summer.
 RT  Stuck in the mud: feet and lower limbs of young Diplodocus from the Mother's Day quarry.  
 This Oslo story is crazy.
 Goodnight Twitter reminds me of when that used to trend every night. Goodnight Twitter!
  It's a good one! Long needed.
 RT  Former Daily Mirror journalist tells The Australian he'll testify that hacking was rife when he worked there 1998-2000 htt ...
 Sounds great. RT  The last wrinkle in the First Friday saga — complete with app. 
 RT  My 3-yo nephew put a collander on his head. "This is my privacy cone so no one can steal my thinking." I didn't teach  ...
 Mmm. I would enjoy watching this Maddow and Savage pushing Santorum smut show... Or would I? :( 
 I loved the Marco Rubio one. It's like an ad for watching 
 :( I'm sorry to hear that. RIP Amanda Munoz. 
 Ashcroft got sprung. RT  I think Justice might have something to say about that, Rach.  
 Yes. Yes she did. RT  did rachel just make a toaster joke about the statue of liberty? 
 MADDOW/DEMON. I ship it!!! 
  *fans you*
 It sucks. (Two of my fav tweeters, though.) RT   that's what I learned.
 "Although she was inappropriately rewarded by the President." Ooh catty. Someone wants her in the delegation. 
  :( well. It probably is good to drop that excess at his age.
  I think so. I hope it was good weight loss.
 Has Barney Frank lost a lot of weight recently? 
  Mmmhmm.
 RT  TRUTH; Credit card debt is one of the leading causes of suicide in the Western world, killing approx. 22,000 people eac ...
  Wynn. Yes. A huge name in Las Vegas.
  it was. it came back. like herpes.
 RT  Also, I have no idea what this sentence means: "River Song and Jack Harkness kissed like leopards on crystal meth."
  I disagree. He moves at the pace he thinks he can get things done.
  God please say I can RT that someday.
 The end of  Where's the parade of gays to tell me how much Obama sucks on GLBT issues? I'm forgetting.
  No. It's all stupid shit soon to be irrelevant.
 RT  And this is why I spend hours trawling through databases: Ugandan sf story from 1919 entitled "The Air Pirate," set in 1925.
 I almost forgot Captain America is tonight. Yay. Soma for my gnawing emptiness!
  I don't know, maybe.
  I'm feeling kind of depressed and cranky.
 RT  Don't tell me Murdoch was a genius, columnists. Fairgrounds are busier than libraries. Brothels are busier than nunneri ...
 Parents went to eat without me.
  bummer. It was just good enough for a second go.
 I thought he had died already tbh. RT  Lucian Freud, Adept Portraiture Artist, Dies at 88 
  no Harry Potter?
 RT  Congrats to Las Vegas' own Alternate Reality Comics on being an Eisner finalist: 
 Silly girl, we don't matter! RT  LOL, Cenk said he hosted a "prime time" show - on what planet is 6 pm eastern prime time?
 RT  Today I heard an actor from a zombie show on NPR talking about how nerds are awful people. That seems like a bad career  ...
 Is there a reason that two of Maher's panelists are sane and one is always a fuckoff? 
 WOW. In colour! RT  Phenomenal pictures discovered show London blitz from Nazi bombers in World War II: 
 RT  Best Onion evah RT  2001 Bush: 'Our Long National Nightmare Of Peace And Prosperity Is Finally Over' http: ...
 Wow, the UNLV anon is a Would Do. Guuurl, when they let you out on bail, you bring the Guy Fawkes mask.
 West Wing. Drink. 
   They could use more healthy food options at night. But yes, genuinely free wifi.
  RIGHT? Ugh. Be gone with ye then.
  They used to bother me, noise-wise but they're quiet post-coins. I actually kind of miss it.
  IDG the hate for slots? Just don't fucking play them? I'm a local, I've played slots like, five times. Total.
  Free wifi, and personally I think the fastest TSA line in the states.
  JSYK? No Nevadan thinks whining about smoke or slots is cute.
 Okay, I've been to lots of fucking airports? McCarren's old wing sucks but compared to lots of US airports, D-gate's pretty awesome.
  Werd. I'd say get rid of Ed because I dislike him but he speaks for an important part of the base.
 GTFO then. RT  There's no airport I hate more than Vegas - slot machines, the smell of smoke, cheap ac, and plenty of Ed Hardy gear
 IMHO,  is trying to hard to find the next Maddow and forgetting she was a regular guest host for like a year.
 I have to agree. Not gonna miss Cenk.
 RT  Finally! RT  He was bad. Not ready for tv. RT  Cenk Uygur Out At   H/t: ...
 RT  An honest man. I admire him and his work in DW. “ Eccleston explains why he left Doctor Who  ...
 Trying to meet up with a girl from my birthright trip who is in town. Wondering why, reminding self she was cool.
 RT  Watch this! RT   8 Month Old Deaf Baby's Reaction To Cochlear Implant 
  Awesome!
 RT  Everyone who says Harry Potter is WAY LESS SEXIST than Twilight ought to read  take.  (v ...
  the problem with Bartlet's MS is that he's a dick who doesn't take his meds on schedule while also being POTUS.
 I'm watching "The Plague Dogs" - holy shit surprise Patrick Stewart cameo!
  lol right?
  BSG.
 RT  Let me get this straight... Basically Murdoch had "turned" Scotland Yard, into a controlled franchise or subsidiary?!
  I think it was fine. You can't hold a job in professional politics, as a woman, without being seen as cold or bitchy.
  In the end, I think Donna has the best character arc in terms of feminism. I'm just not wild about all the stops on the way.
  It was pretty fucked up but I have no doubt the writer's room thought it was true. Meh.
  I love vidding it. This is true.
 Seriously. It was an epic three minute rant. But. Leo is his favorite character.
 But not for the CJ and Donna plot! He hates it because he thinks it ruins Abbey Bartlet for no good reason. For srs. 
 Speaking of how much I hate "No Exit" - teenaged brother and I got in a pick up conversation about  He loathes that one too.
 Who are these mysterious people who like S5 for the J/D bits? "No Exit" completely cocks up the entire series.  
    It's okay, bb, I'm having a lot more sex than you. Blocked!
 OMG she got swag. She's gonna gollum on that scarf. 
  I feel dirty and wrong. Is it the patriarchy? Or...?
 "I can die now." Me too,  
 True facts: this is more feminism than is normally allowed on television. 
 Join us in the corner. RT  Excuse me while I have a major shallow moment over Rapinoe. Hnnnnnnnngh.
 Ooh Megan Rapinoe redyed her hair! 
 RT  Will people stop calling it that RT  I'm especially suspicious of payments made in the UK to a "soccer" union.  ...
 RT  RT  Guy at CVS: 2 cans of beer, a hairbrush, and a giant thing of lotion. Me: That's a good Tuesday night! Him: ...
 RT  Someone actually went through all the trouble of figuring out what a year's tuition would cost at Hogwarts | 
 RT  OH FANDOM, AT LAST YOU HAVE PULLED OUT "JORAH IS TOO GOOD FOR DANY!" YOU ARE PREDICTABLE IN YOUR FAIL.
 RT   RT  Evidence accumulating that Fox News hacked the phones of Americans:  ...
 RT  RT  Marbles girlfriend  has just changed her Twitter profile:'Not funny. Not clever. No ...
 RT  Someone on my flight has a Magneto helmet as their carry on. 
 RT  Wait- the NYT is telling me the co-founder of Reddit could face 35 years in jail for stealing from *JSTOR*?  ...
 Watching the Rebeka Brooks thing over coffee. Crazy.
  Yeah, maybe. :)
 RT  Is everyone planning to knock off work at 2pm to watch the Select Committee live? 
 This movie is crazy good, by the way. 
 God Netflix, let's not do this two days in a row.
 RT  Photoset: What the Harry Potter Criterion collection would look like. [via /Film] 
 Tonight's OMG must watch Netflix before it expires is "Mishima: A Life in Four Chapters."
  Sometimes when they cut off app access it is similar.
  omg I love him so muuuuuuuuuuuuuch.
 RT  All that sapphic power may explode teevee machines across the lesbiverse tomorrow night!   ...
 RT  Truly scary thought for the day: there are no more major bookstores remaining in the city of San Francisco. :-/
  Shrug? I don't even know where to start with that.
  I asked because I was getting reply notification but not timeline updates.
 OMG YAY. Maddow + ladies of soccer is gonna be a keeper. 
  fucking hell
 Is Twitter down for everyone or just me?
  Arguably it ends up there anyway, but I would be opposed due to the corporate interests.
 Oh  you get overstimulated in the grocery store too? 
 In terms of management. But I'm equally concerned the community isn't ready for that yet.
 I'm not sure what I'd say about First Friday if asked for a quote. I think it's essential but needs to be decentralized.
  That's cynical. Whatever you may think of FF, it's homegrown and improves that hood.
 Me too, Hipster Mermaid! RT  I wish there was a site where I could review bad yelp reviews.
  I laughed!
  Magnets. I keep one and I'm not even into interesting things.
 At NOTW? Must be SOME class. RT   Someone skipped HR's "Cyber Security 101", didn't she?
 RT  Skraaark! MT  Stunning photo of New Zealand falcon/kārearea getting jiggy with it: 
 She threw her laptop in the trash and thought that would WORK?
 RT  Now a laptop in a trash bin? If I were reading this in a crime novel I'd be like "Dude, come on."  via  ...
 Every single day for two weeks I've woken up to creepier and creepier news about 
 RT  I'm ignoring the rest of these News of the World stories so I can go into the inevitable NotW Fincher/Sorkin movie unspoiled.
 RT  'The unexplained death of key whistleblower Sean Hoare is not considered suspicious. By police. That is all.' . ...
 RT  RT  WHOA RT  BREAKING News of the World phone hacking whistleblower Sean Hoare found dead http:/ ...
  Team natural redhead.
  drips and drabs. Painful.
 Seriously,  I just want to finish the last 20 minutes of "M" BEFORE Sunday Night Baseball ends.
  baseball!
  Fucking crazy, right?
  Goddamn really? I gave up an hour ago.
  And the usual boosters say it doesn't matter, First Friday will happen without the foundation, etc.
  Possibly. Cindy Funkhouse seems to have given it as an exclusive to Channel 8.
 I'm no big fan, but the First Friday hiatus feels like a body blow to the art scene here.
 RT  HBO and  writers refer to Jason's rape as "comeuppance" for having too much sex. Officially fucking done with ...
   I probably would have enjoyed it a lot more if I had been 16 instead of 26.
   I would enjoy this.
 LOL. RT  Also I saw the new Harry Potter. The Jews in that movie have such pointy teeth!
  Most of the main characters are under 16? I don't know, I think my brother reads edgier stuff.
  I actually was of-age to complain about it. And except for the raping, I am surprised ASOFAI isn't in YA.
  A lot of young people read LotR? Not sure why the shelving effects the ending, especially when you consider the aging of the aud.
  Yeah, pretty sweet right?
  In terms of epics? I mean, HP is 'happily ever after' and it's not believable, which is why I said that.
 I'm not Tolkien's biggest fan, but yeah: the ending to LotR is all over the ending to HP.
  Holla.
  Pot saves lives.
  Luna became Ollivander's apprentice! (Fanon cling.)
  Right. To the point where the filmmaker had to say Luna/Neville was 'a summer fling'. LOL.
 Feel good story of the year: the Prussian Blue girls quit white nationalism, now work to legalize weed. 
  Basically, I wish the filmmakers had more freedom to add things like that.
  Snort. Luna bagged herself a good one, though. In the films.
  It's difficult for me to imagine the Harry/Ginny thing lasting. What do they talk about?
  Pretty much all of the shipping.
  It's very Author Insert.
 Fate wanted them to win. Yay for Japan! 
 RT  Yeah, we totally weren't meant to win this game. This one is Japan's. And I say good for them.
 Shit. Well played, Japan. We couldn't have gone down to a team that deserved it more. 
 May the force be with you, Hope Solo. Always. 
 This is some crazy damn shit. Epic. I think fate is with Japan, got to say. 
 WHAT A FUCKING RED CARD. 
 RT  Do that thing where Abby Wambach hits it in the goal with her head. 
 FUCK. 
 That could have been so bad. 
 GG Rapinoe! Hi Tobin Heath! 
  Yes. Hi. Do I know you from there?
 FUCK YEAH!   
 RT  I can't say enough how much I've enjoyed this game. Great, clean play all around.   
 RT  VERY TRUE. RT  FACT: The Women's World Cup Final has been better than the Men's World Cup Final last year  ...
  Thanks!
 RT  You have to applaud Japan's effort. Can you imagine what a win would mean for that country at this time?
  No, this is a very fun game to watch. Low drama, high shootouts.
 RT  Hell to-the no RT  Goal! 
 GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAL   
 RT  Salute that fat kid. When we celebrate women's soccer victories, everyone's shirts come off.
 Alex Morgan's nickname is Baby Horse? So hot.
 That crowd is fired UP. 
 GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLL!     
 Wow, can't believe I won something on Twitter! Thx  and 
 RT  A: Battle of Wolf 359! Congrats  on winning today's   & EPIX trivia contest! DM address & pr ...
  Modeling is a little bit more like sports or acting. Lots of people making very little money unless you hit big.
 RT  Zahi Hwass has resigned. The new Minister of State for Antiquities is Dr Abdelfattah el Banna from Cairo University.   ...
  IRL if you're that attractive stripping makes WAY more money than taking a chance at a modeling career.
  Judging by my sister and her friends? Natural beauty + interest in haute couture.
  Very few women I know who model went into it for that reason.
 Lady Luck is rooting for Japan tonight. 
  That looks damn good.
 I know it's wrong to notice this, but Malia Obama has the build of a supermodel. 
 RT  RT  Rebekah Brooks arrested, head of Scotland Yard resigns. Tomorrow on Fox & Friends: three hours of nerv ...
 Damn. Halftime and still 0-0. So nervous.  
  She is a hottie.
  I'm still using  2. brighter jersey is an advantage.
 RT  BZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
 RT  BZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
 Too many empty attempts! D:  
 Also? Happy birthday Angela Merkle. You're my favorite HBIC.
 Gasp! Americans, that is not on. So ashamed of you right now with that TT. 
   battle of wolf 359
 So far a really fun match! Rapinoe's passes are beautiful.
 I have a big crush. RT  Rapinoe is just beautiful with those crosses. Jesus. 
  Agreed! So it should be a clean game right?
 RT  We keep asking politicians, policemen and hacks "Why?" and the answer keeps coming back, "We didn't think you'd find out."
 Wow, the head of the Met went down? Every day a bigger shock. 
 RT  Also, I'm pretty sure the Oscars will now create a "Winner of Puberty" category so Neville Longbottom can take home the gold.
  I'd be happy if they beat us, it's a feel good story.
 RT  "I'm thinking: Score a goal, be a leader, let's get this done." -   Game starts in half an hour, an ...
 I've always wanted a Vespa! Win a  from  Enter daily for more chances to win. 
 Let's play Words With Friends. My username is 'Skywaterblue'.  
 I refuse to care about Michele Bachmann's husband until someone does the "I sucked his cock" tell-all. So check back in a month.
 RT   convention informs me that rinderpest eliminated  - "only 2nd disease to be eradicated from planet"
  I am pretty sure it was a Yuletide story.
 The noose tightens. RT  RT  REPORT: Jude Law hacked by  News Corp while in US 
  ha ha.
 RT  I don't deserve to be talked to the way you people talk to me.
 RT  Please! RT  Rumor: New York Times has something juicy tomorrow on  Could be 9/11 connection.
  mmmmm.
  yeah 30 minutes to hide the bodies.
 Omg so much seating drama at the Tell.  your parents just left.
 RT  :O RT  48 years apart, lightning strikes kill dad, son:  
  god that sucks bb.
  fine.
  it was hella lame, but HP was an incredibly lame book series that often lingered on bs no one cared about. Shruggers.
  should I go say hi? Hmm. Maybe during half time.
 I need a shirt that explains "I'm not winking, I'm manually refocusing my eyes."
  oh they're seating on other side with friends it looks like.
  I think I see them at e bar. Txt them and tell them I'm 2nd row end?
  where? I can save seats.
 At The Tell. Large crowd already!
  it's a sex mush.
  I should really introduce you to Shangrala
 RT  Ha! RT " Our human mind, forged and wired for decision-making on the Serengeti, is drawn to Las Vegas -- an ...
  True.
  I always had vague plans to apply but never felt like I was ready for it. So sad.
 Gasp! RT  Peter Laird Announces the Xeric Award Will No Longer Be Giving Out Grants 
 RT  RT  Hinton: "That I was ignorant of what apparently happened is irrelevant"  <= an ...
 RT  In about three days time people will be feeling sorry for Rupert Murdoch.  Clear whatever's driven him for sixty years h ...
 I apparently forgot I promised Dad I'd go to the last Harry Potter. oops. At leastI'm getting lunch out of it?
 Feeling gross in the girl parts. Don't let me forget to go to The Tell tonight.
 RT  Fun With Milk and Cheese. Last chance before they get pulped. 
 RT  Bummed about   restaurants closing their doors? we are too. we want to hear from you. please msg me.  ...
 Nora's Wine Bar and Rosemary's in the same month? Jesus take the wheel.
 RT  Shatner asks Avery Brooks what happens after death. He responds by playing jazz piano & grinning like a maniac. This film ...
 I try not to be too annoyed by Harry Potter these days. Tonight's going to be hard.  
 "Mr. Sinister? I've heard the name and I'm not impressed." Oh Magneto, will you ever not speak for me? 
 "It's REAL. AND I CREATED IT." RT  Avery Brooks is either a genius or a mental patient. 
 Heeee. RT  Once THE CAPTAINS airs the memes from these Avery Brooks interviews will be everywhere. I think he's on LSD.
 I mock  "I worked in the Senate!" but his experience with the actual debt limit is such a service.  
 RT  "I said, 'You know, come on, this could be our last meal.' Every day, spaghetti with tomato sauce? I was going to kill myself."
 Hipsters too cool for PBR. RT  who's going to mourn Keystone Light though? 
  :(
  "If we don't get an extension on the limit we won't be able to pay the rent."
 It's a rug, right?  RT  That hair. Wowzer.
  Most Americans couldn't figure out there was a housing bubble. Expertise issues are where Democracy fails.
 What will we do when Tilda Swinton is too old to play lanky androgynous looking red-heads?  
  Hurray! :)
 RT  Sad news: One of better LV restaurants has closed: Rosemary's is no more. Many fine meals there. R.I.P.   ...
 I'm not sure who to root for in the  I love the USA team but my heart might be with Japan.
 RT  The Guardian's deputy editor  describes seeing the phone hacking story explode after years of lonely pursu ...
 If you took a drink every time one of the X-Men cried "Jean!" you'd be sloshed. 
  Holla. That President Ulysses S Grant won't know what hit him.
 That exact moment when your Pandora playlist goes off the rails. 
  looks awesome. Is this the new -scandalous- Twain diary?
 True statement here. RT   well, if the words "retractable pants" don't lure you back, nothing will.
  Reboot? What reboot. I officially threw hands up when they remerged Vertigoverse to DCproper.
  It sounds shitty but I've basically gone from hardcore DC to not giving a shit. Make mine Marvel, I guess.
  It sounds cracked out. That's the Bats Corporation stuff, yes?
  Oh. Well, we're at an impasse. Other than All-Star Supes, haven't read that much of it.
  Say what you want about Morrison's run, but he took the "this is an allegory about prejudice" thing seriously for once.
  Like. I am watching the cartoon adaption of Phoenix Saga. Jesus, it is up the butt with space pirate/Shi'ar/random shit.
  Mmm, I think he really improved the X-books. Though I know that's really controversial.
  Something like that. Dream characters made manifest, etc.
  Like off the shelf? Apple Store might have it. Fry's? Not too many places even sell pen tablets.
 Loved it! RT  Me and Grant Morrison burbling happily on the phone the other day for Entertainment Weekly: 
 RT  Send a message to Speaker Boehner that compromise is not a dirty word. Call (202) 225-0600 and make your voice heard.
 I've felt depressed, so now I'm making art. It's supposed to be the other way around, right?
  Yeah! I am super fail. We can be fail together.
 What we've established via Words with Friends: I suck at Scrabble.
 I tested my vocab and know 37,500 words -- how about you?  
