 Haven't tweeted since july...... boy o boy, time sure does fly....
 My strut finally gave completely out...... while I was driving :( THANK YOU GOD for not allowing this to happen on I-95 at 70mph.
  I see shows and interviews, but what about production opportunities?
 Barry I'm gonna do it anyway, but I want you to say it. Say "YOU CAN EAT MY PUDDING!!!"
 And What about New York, Real and Chance, Bret Michaels, and Tila Taquila?
 Random, but did Flavor Flav ever find love??
 I'd twitpic, but it's gone.....
 *My
 I mom fried this fish, cooked some squash, and heated up some spoon bread...... IT SHO IS GOOD.
 very unexpected.... Ok i'm done, I just had to share that...
 Personally.... I did think the joke was wrong, but I ain't gon lie, I did laugh... it was funny lol.....
 While working, he asks, "So anybody seen Stevie Wonder lately? You have? Oh that's cool.... but he hasn't seen you...."
 So this guy tells us a joke at some fugery place in Baltimore.....
 I've been playing angry birds for the last 2 hours.... I'm addicted
 I just listened to all of 'No Such Thing Does Exist' and I had to go back and put Comfort Zone on repeat, Really feeling it 
  What's up?
 RT  RT  RT  If only the world new how good the  musicians were.......smh...... muscians!
 Finally here.... I swear, baltimore has some of the most beautiful women i've ever seen.
 Or if we could only listen to it once, I'd make the most of all 3 minutes and 22 seconds....
 And I wish I could have the song on repeat and just be with you while it plays over and over......
 I feel butterflies, and I start floating at the very thought of you....
 You don't know how much you make me smile....
 About to watch these fireworks from the top of the Eiffel Tower.....
 You can be [any]thing you want to be.... you just cant be [every]thing you want to be...
 Life has the saddest realities ever..... I just realized another one.
  nah
  yea, but they not that bad.... the most u can do in a day is a lil over 12
  i do lol
  lol i just work the rides, we don't get discounts on tickets.
  Kings Dominion..... this storm came through and I swear, EVERY RIDE had to shut down...
  nah, not at all lol...
 Still at work..... its raining hard as hell.....
  lmao, naw i'm good.
  they in a bag.
  Nah i aint even worried bout it, if i start over, imma start fresh again....
 Nah i aint even worried bout it, if i start over, imma start fresh again....
  lol i know, i'm joking
  word, I coulda been there man.
 Ok wait I got one...... And Ms Sanders will now be at...... *Tiffany Green Face* ....JSU...?
 No she not lol ->  Damn Mrs.sanders at jsu now....that's wats up
 I miss my locs :(
 I'm letting go. You don't want me like I want you. and you probably never will. It's cool.
 RT  Bored
 I got some off brand teddy grams and they taste absolutely horrible, but the fatness in me is not allowing me to put the bag down :/
 Kinda disappointed.... went to Wal-mart today, but I aint see no dancing girls :(
 I JUST GAVE PAT JONES A HI FIVE!!!!!!
 Waitin on this "Westside 2" to go ahead & drop...................
 I got work at 1... It looks like it's gonna rain all day... or atleast be cloudy :)
  indeed lol
 The Movie "Up" always makes me cry at the beginning... Just teared up a lil... The man and woman shared such a strong love.  lol
 And why does it never rain in the daytime???!
 Why Lie?
  :)
  Yea it's been a minute lol, but I've been good too. Work been keepin me busy, but the money good so i'm happy lol...
  hey =) how you been?
 Yea...... Dallas got that....
  my bad, i saw it too, but it was just a quick check. I been good! and thanks for checking :) how u been?
 Nigga got the Dreamcast......
 I hate this hike through the volcano >:(
 This orange chicken from panda express off the chain....
 If started texting you everytime I really thought about you, you'd prolly get annoyed....
  hells yea lol
  Good, enjoying a day from out of the sun. This heat has been horrible!
  Hey =) How you been?
  no I dont :/
  
 ...................... maybe I'm expressing myself on the wrong social network :/
 I follow alot of people... obviously i'm interested in what most of you have to say. you know... "How's life been" & all that & whatever...
 If someone follows you, I think they should show some interest as to what you share or how you express yourself....
 Random: I've only asked for a follow back once. But I never really ask... It seems quite pointless to me... that's pretty much it.
   you're welcome :)
  Good Morning =)
  Good Morning to you too! Do the same please :)
 RT  Its hard 2 find Love in VA
 RT  Hope ya'll up this early cuz you're getting that $$, not cuz you're doing the "walk of shame", hello somebody.
  Good Morning =)
  morning :)
  Eggs, toast, bacon, OJ, & waffles wit that aunt Jemima syrup
  congrats!
  good morning :)
  good morning :)
 I can't always find the right words to express myself, but as a musician, you can hear exactly how I feel, you just have to listen close...
 I wish I could put music on twitter.......
 I been up since 5:42....
 ^_^ <----- I always thought this looked cool lol.....
  good morning :)
 Work at 10.
 Where did it come from?
 My damn check engine light went off!!!!! My car is finally fixed!!!
 5 times.....
 Ok so i'm going for the 4th time. This line is awesome...
 3rd time was def the best! the front is amazing!!!
 
  indeed
  hell yea! just got done wit  going for 3... i keep blacking out lol...
 Just got off the intimidator 305... bout to go again... going for a record lol...
 I'm serious tho...
 That's all the tweets you'll get from me for today lmao...
 Good Morning =)
  I'm sorry i'm so late, but you're absolutely welcome!!!
 RT  Just got word that our Stratford Hills Branch Manager got locked up.  Man, what’s happening to this place??   ...
  true
  that aint bad!
  I bang wit that poem. Looking forward to hearing alot more from you in the future.
  when you come in?
  A
  unfortunately yes :(
 I wish twiturm was working :(
  you're welcome :)
  You're welcome, and I gotcha!
 Just seen a video of    and  killin a cypher. Dope. Had to follow immediately...
 Swear, the cornbread was the sweetest cornbread you'll ever have in your life..... taste like cake. 
 2 pieces of fish, drizzled in a special sauce, topped with onions & peppers, served with a huge lump of Potatoes & a square of Cornbread..
  and just to clarify, this is called "Two Cheese Fish Boat" from Croaker's Spot off Hull St.......
  best food I've ever had in my life.... so serious.
  Long Way Home - Dom Kennedy
 "..... since a juvenile, I was like 400 degrees on em....."
 "....I tell her we like Method & Mary.... All she need on em..."
 RT  I LOVE key changes!! 
  Settle For My love - Patrice Rushen
  it's the funniest thing I've ever seen. Kinda caught me off guard lol
  very very welcome
 Yo, the McDonald's commercial where she give the random nigga a taste of her food, funny as hell!!!
  <--- twitcon hella pretty. From the smile to the overall glow, just hella pretty.
 RT   I ruined my liver smh
 Watching  on Girlfriends...
 RT    friend tried to kill us   Worst ihop ever
  you're very welcome :)
  it still looks nice sideways tho :D
 In other words: Life is TOO SHORT to worry about mistakes.... time won't stop, neither should you.
 You have one life. And you can't have everything, so what ever decisions you choose to make, follow them through and make the best of them.
 Shoutout to  for the fresh cut. I approve Clean Cuts! * puts thumbs up*
 My mom just came in my room and took over..... very 
 If I was In Norfolk, I'd be outside right now, find something random to do, be up all night, and still make it to jazz band in the mornin..
  Hey :D *waves back*
 "....And when it's almost done, why don't you go & break down enough for another one & roll me some......." -Keep Floatin'
  I feel like I can't go back no more tho, most of dem lil niggas don't know me lol...
 .... oh and good morning everybody lol...
 Da Springs got spring camp this week.......
 "The Original Dom Kennedy" or "Best Day Ever" or "Kush & OJ" or "Finally Famous 3" One of these is always pushing thru my speakers...
 RT  oooooh u gta be over 18 to watch the wear my hat video... fuckin bad ass. hey kids! sneak onto your parents computers and ...
  Lol I just joke, but of course, always trust in God!
 The world better not end tomorrow, a nigga need money! First day at work and I'll be damn if I don't get no check....
 RT  4hr lunch break and its *Paid* << That's an awesome ass lunch break!
  lmao! I fixed it tho!!! I figured out what it was! It's good now, but now the car just wont start, so it's pointless lol...
  lol I know, it don't even start now smh...
  sorry bro, but u already know bout my car. I can't call shots (or make plans 4 that matter)... its all in  hands lol...
 I held her hand and gazed into the most beautiful eyes I've ever seen..... one of the best times of my entire life....
 It kills me that I can't explain how pretty your smile is to me..... i wish you knew...
 Boy O' Boy, Virginia State Police sho is OUT TODAY.
 RT  So I'm bout to put on this youtube vids that they using jrs from highland springs to play dey lows ALL HAIL B PHI B ... ht ...
 RT  Ahhhh here it goes. < this made me think of the whole "Kenan and Kel" theme song lol.
 ... I'm going back to Bebo....
  Gas is $3.75 in Ohio !!  <<< I wish it was $3.75 in VA!
 CALL OF DUTY: MODERN WARFARE 3 [>>> 08.11.11 <<<]
  fuck you, that was funny!
  so that's where all that water you drank went, huh?
  awww I got you =) but you bet not throw up or nun, I ain't helping you clean dat shyt up...
  oh tru, I ain't even gonna mess with it... I'd like to help, but i'd mess you up.... sorry lol, good luck tho :)
  your stat homework...
  what u got?
  Son where you been?!
 Lmao! RT   RT  lmfao. you angry. RT  fuck BET......
 ".... its alot of late nights filled with contemplation.... I can read your body language like a conversation...."
 "...... when you see love, just go get it fam...."
 "... Her smile reminds me of a warm summer breeze, like that time on the beach, feeling the sand through your feet...."
 "... Her smile reminds me of a warm summer breeze, like that playground on steez, writing the names in the trees...."
  quite used to it lol....
 And you'll see something very similar to this if you look at my bio...... 
 Music lives within me (writing on the wall) 
 Again....... with the writings on the wall..... 
 My room, blue light.... I chill under the stars every night. Compliments of "the great 219" Samuel Scott Hall. 
  lmao i"m late as hell, but I see what u mean... my bad lol
 Keke Palmer I'm so proud of you!!!!! You won with the other kid!!! You ol' national spelling bee champ!! Good job!
 Keke Palmer, this my first time seeing this movie. You made it to this national bee, you better win...
  processing on wednesday and first day saturday.
 Watching Akeelah and the bee :)
  Old bay, Nutmeg, & Coogi
  thank you!
 Just got me sum Lizard's Thicket..... boy o' boy!
 Hello South Carolina!
 I hate when I miss a text :(
  nah i aint even know about it.
 Just got back from northern VA. Headed to South Carolina in a few hours.... Cant get enough of 95 lol...
 Aint tweeted a tweet in a hot minute! Hello Twitter........ alright, bye twitter lol :D
 .....thick ass box and all you get is 15 cookies...  but I ain't even mad!
 A nigga still got girl scout cookies!!!! 
  Love Song - Big Sean
 RT  Maaaaannn...! Somebody whoop Rico!!
  it's gettin ridiculous smfh...
  at the BP round the corner on creighton... a damn shame I tell you!
  Richmond, VA
 RT  tumblr is down -_-
 SON....... a nigga really gotta pay $4.25 for some gas?! .........really?!
 MY OH MY...... It feels good to have a fresh cut again =)
  I been aight, waiting to come
  I just wanna let you know you'll have to unlist me, but I'll be back one day....
 I'm about to let it all go..................................................................
  You're Absolutely Welcome :)
  You have a really pretty smile :)
 It's raining so hard right now. I love stuff like this...
 This type of rain.
 So I randomly asked my nigga  he mad... he said, "I'm Al Qaeda Mad..." -______-
 RT  U sensitive Sally's on my TL mad cause ppl making jokes need to lighten up. We know this serious. Sheesh
 RT  I think every one that I'm following is on twitter right now!
 RT  this is the hypest my ttimeline EVER been . twitter tonight is definiteLy  ! < Hell Yea.
 RT  Mrs. Spartan everyone ----» RT  Missing him <3
  Oh word. good luck on those finals :)
  Its been since like a year or two lol... Its good to hear you're doing well tho :) You going to the beach this weekend?
  You know, I haven't seen or spoken to you in a very long time.. and you right down the street lol. How you been?
 Looking at myspace was like looking in an old notebook from middle school...
 I checked out myspace the other day.......
  Good Afternoon Miss Lady =)
 I think I'mma go back myspace.
 Happy Easter!
 I wish i had someone to just talk to right now.... 
 Ice cream 
  It's been a loooooooong while lol! I been good tho, just enjoying school. What you been up to?
  Thank you so much! I hope you have a great day as well =)
  lol!
  Good Morning your highness :)
  Good Morning Cookie :) I hope you have a good day =)
  good morning =)
  Good morning lovely :)
  Good morning Ashley =)
  Good morning :)
  indeed! Good morning :)
  good morning :)
 Welp! Time for some new church shoes.....
  You're welcome :)
   Idk about that  one, but this one is pretty :)
 WE SO EXCITED! WE GONNA HAVE A BALL TODAY!
 Friday  style lmao! FUN FUN FUN FUN!!!!!
  hold on, 'scuse me ma'am, what come on a sausage biscuit?????
 Breakfast at the waffle house, 20 sausage biscuits!
  good morning :)
  You are absolutely welcome :)
  I'm doing quite well! Day is wonderful. I hope you're having a great one as well :)
  Good Morning :)
  Dom Kennedy - When you see love
 Some just don't understand how powerful something just as simple as a "Hello" or a "Good Morning" can be.........
 And so that's just what I do .
 If you think a girl is pretty, let her know :) Simple as that .
 I tell a lot of women how beautiful they are. Not just because it's the truth, but why hold it in?
  You are most certainly welcome :)
 God surely can make a way....
  Good Morning =)
  good morning =) how are you?
  You're absolutely welcome :) and thank you!!
  Good Morning! You seem to be in such a great mood, that's awesome =) Hope you continue to have a great day :)
  and Good Morning btw =)
  You have a really pretty smile... I saw it last night on my TL, figured it'd be the first thing I tweeted this morning :)
  Just wanna let you know that your follow back didn't go unnoticed =) I appreciate it very much, thank you!
 Z
 RT  Party outside student center at 12. Spread the word
  You are very, very welcome =)
  lmao u good :) personally I enjoy following you. Just to let you know :)
  you're really pretty =) Just thought i'd tell you.... and Good Afternoon btw :)
 There is a world beyond this where everything is completely beautiful, it all makes sense, and others understand you.... it's called tumblr.
  thank you =)
 In church with all these lovely AKA's.
  oh thank you =) i'd appreciate such a lovely follower as yourself :) Feel free to take as much time as you need...
 "Your peace you give me, in time of the storm...."
  it's so pretty, you are absolutely welcome =)
  Awww :) yay me lol!
 Man...... Even her voice was pretty....
  good morning :)
 She walked in with us, and she spoke. She sat in the back, and left as soon as service was over... And I didn't even get her name :(
 I just saw the most amazingly beautiful girl in church this morning.... She didn't drive, she walked from home... She was SO pretty.
  Oooo =] I got the big smile! I feel special :)
  good Morning =)
  good morning =)
  thank you =) You have a blessed day as well! and good morning btw :)
  you're most certainly welcome :)
  oh..... Aight lol.. I just saw the king of Prussia shirt. It's cool lol! U still look good in uniform ;)
  sorry that was random too lol, I just noticed your uniform.
  you weren't at the hooters when I went to PA, My twitcon is proof lol... It would've been cool to get a pic with you tho :)
 Well......
 At the "iBeatDaily" Producer's Beat Battle...... [ Takeover 2011 ]
  indeed
  won't no fine miss ladies walkin in no rain lol...
 If the government shut down, niggas is LOOTIN. iPad 2? gone. iPhone 4? gone. Macbook Pro? gone. 60" Flatscreen TV? gone. ALL GONE!
 And it would've been ok if they had a Hampton party right now, but it's just as dead as Norfolk :/
 Stuck at Hampton U :/
 It sure is a fucked up world we live in.
 I'm learning for myself that sometimes, the only way is the rough way. Just gotta suck it up and keep on moving....
  *sigh* (I wish I could say the same...)
 In Atlanta, Met this girl from round college park and fell in love with her accent! I swear, Georgia women, boy o boy.....
  I'm sorry that was so random btw, but I had to speak on your twitcon. I hope you don't mind :)
  I just had to take out some time to tell you that you are really really pretty :) Like... beyond beautiful.
 Atlanta was great! Glad I went.... Next year, I'll be 21 and prepared =)
 VCU 15 - Butler 7. LET'S GO RAMS!!!!!
 If there was ever a time where music was TOO MUCH, now is the time.
 I got some coffee from starbucks this morning and the most beautiful soldier stood behind me in line. She was BEYOND way pretty.......
 I'm [ O V E R ] this entire trip... I just want to go home .
  All Around The World - Mac Miller. Best Day Ever goin hard.
  you're welcome =)
  good luck! Oh and good morning =)
 RT  
  good morning :)
  good morning :)
  good morning :)
  good morning!
  I work on my shit too, but it make no sense to go outside and do useless shit. U mite as well not even practice at all....
  thanks again man.
 THAT is the perfect example of EVERYTHING I TWEETED THIS MORNING. And you sound horrible btw....
  so instead of working on a solo that's going to be performed in about 4 or 5 days, you waste time playing useless nonsense?!
 I finally talked to someone who could actually relate to everything I said I felt and actually give me good advice on past experience.
  stealing
  the young janitor
  stealin
  nigga got arrested....
 WILL ANYBODY UNDERSTAND WHAT THE FU--- AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!! >:(
  good morning =)
  good morning =)
 and we better learn something today. Imma be pissed if we just sit there and listen to this nigga play piano.
 Omw to class.
  Good Morning!
  ok, i got u.
 So apparently I can't talk about the shit. Fuck it. I said what I had to say. And I'm glad I got the shit out. Now niggas know.
 RT  Men, y'all niggas to emotional go back to Richmond & let mommy give u a hug, if not shut the fuck up & just get Ya work dne
  HBCU Band Consortium... It's like a convention for hbcu band programs. Concert, performances, classes & such...
  but it just seems like we all can't come together as one and agree to actually handle it... and see it through.
  Not even saying they're the main reasons, but they are some we can actually take the time to fix ourselves...
  true and there isn't really a definite place where blame can actually be put, but these are a few major problems.
  We leave on wednesday and we'll be coming back Sunday.
 Can't even look at this Atlanta trip in a good way....
  yes
  yes
 So when I say I can't be here, II'm saying I can't be around so much [ idgaf cause I'm the shit whether I sound good or bad ] influence.
 And quite honestly, I'm sick of sounding like shit.
 It's just that this music program has SO MUCH POTENTIAL TO BE FAR GREATER THAN WHAT IT IS, BUT NO STUDENTS ARE ATTEMPTING TO RAISE THE BAR.
 And in actuality, the music program isn't all that bad....
 Don't get me wrong, we have awesome professors here who are absolutely incredible at what they do...
 No one here seems to care about true musicianship... at least that what's reflected in our program.
  Norfolk State
 .... at least you know you eligible for that job as a professional marching band member after graduation. oh wait, they don't have those.
 ..... at least you know everybody know bout yo band.
 ... at least you know you can march down a street in your school colors for a living.
 .... at least you can scream really really high notes and everyone knows it's you.
 ... and everybody can dance and play a horn really loud.
 ... but at least the marching band loud.
 And everybody knows this, yet no one here has really taken it into consideration, and it's because no one really cares....
 ... and even though there are the people that sound good, in general, the group gone sound like some straight shit.
 Everyone has to put in work for the ensemble to sound great, otherwise it's just gone be a few good people & a few bad people...
 What is really shocking is that even that everyone is satisfied with the D-...... This is what it feels like here (to me).
 And so everyone goes back to the same routine bullshit that hinders the team from progression. And instead of an A+, the group gets a D-.
 It's like a teacher gives you a group project and everybody knows what they have to do to get the A+, but no one truly cares...
 Everyone has all these great dreams but when time comes to, everything learned becomes forgotten and all thats left is a heap of bad habits.
 My area of study (music) requires much TEAMWORK. But it seems as though nobody has the determination to progress.
 Like, I can't be here.... At NSU.... any longer. Not knocking the institution at all, but.... allow me to elaborate.
  good morning =)
 (really considering transferring.)
 Being at Villanova University this past weekend really allowed me to see Good Musicianship on a much higher level.
 RT  Itss coldd as Jack Frost's BALLSSSS outside!!! TF.
  have a great one =)
  mornin! Have a good day =)
  good morning =)
  aww happy Monday to you too =) I also wanted to just say good morning :) just felt necessary lol
  good morning =)
  good morning =) have a great day!
  you're absolutely welcome :)
  indeed! Good morning =)
  exactly smh..... Good morning btw :)
  morning :)
  good morning =) lots of love I see! Have a good day!
  morning =)
  indeed! Probably for two totally different reasons, but still, good morning :)
  thinking positive! Have a great day =)
  good morning :)
 GOOD MORNING everyone =) Up early as hell!!!!!
  good night :)
  And you probably not even up yet and it may be a while, but I stuck to my word like I said. FIRST THING lol!!
  so Im up bout to go get this coffee and start off my day with an early rehersal. Just wanna say GOOD MORNING =) Enjoy your day!
  what movie?
 Headphones hittin..... Pandora actually seem aight...
  I got you tomorrow morning. It'll be the first thing I tweet, Bright & Early, just for you =)
  To Catch A Predator.
 "aye there brown skirt........." - 
 That's nice and all...... but what are you gone do?? Oh ok....
 RT   <<<< broad st. RICHMOND  Campus
 Went to hooters for dinner! The girls were awesome! Got me a new profile pic!
  I got u :)
  it was a pleasure to meet you too. I won't be a stranger ;)
  not to kill the hope, but I can see it gettin shut down already.... maybe things'll go fine... hopefully...
 Niggas can't let go of marching band. Get that shyt outta here!
 RT  When somebody's changed and you MISS the person they USED to be, 
 I just bit my tongue.... sH\ejdsn<w&|&sao|ao}a^khsjsj!!!!!
  oh. U mean the New one..... Nevermind lol.
  agreed. Like a cherry almost dipped to the top in chocolate
  you are absolutely welcome =)
  And dont get me wrong, you are absolutely cute, but I really had to take some time out to speak on ur locs :)
  U have the prettiest locs I've ever seen in my entire 20 years and 2 months of existence. Like... they are incredible.
 Gingivitis, plaque, all that.... Be sure to floss. Don't need to see leftovers from yesterday.
 I'd like to thank everyone who brushed their teeth this morning n took a shot of listerine. Taking care of bad breath; Kudos to you!
 Good morning everybody =)
 RT  ...erbody think they a rapper now. Smh when 75% of em just wastin their time and money recordin themselves..
  oh lol... alright :)
  aww what's wrong?
  its somewhere near Norristown, Pennsylvania... The mall up here is huge!!!! Like... Really huge...
