 6 Ways to Kill Creativity — PsyBlog  via 
  Acquisition of Accero and CyberShift by SumTotal 
 RT  "You don't need more time, you just need to decide" - Seth Godin
  can't DM you because you're not following me. Am 
 RT  Not sure if you need an app or a mobile web site? Use our Mobile Learning Primer to decide  
 Nice bee / honeycomb metaphor for understanding social. Great talk from  at  see he slides on his blog.
 Shish kebob strategy...easier to find stock photos 
 What was that presenter-learning app? Rexi? 
 Shish kebob learning much better term than learning object or microlearning or blended   keynote
 Wish I had picked 'context' for backchannel game  (or hexagon or bees) 
 QR codes will go away...its emerging (short term) but not disruptive (long term)  analyst view 
 Content not time dependent.. time-shifting...need addtl context (sitcom method)   keynote
 Dynamic content must be kept updated...don't do it half-assed 
 Have to have expertise in org to manage social  (recognition of danger of crowds)   keynote
  Epocrates CME as med example of p2p learning 
 Like the emphasis on tech enabling CONTEXT from  at 
  minor detail : )
 5 organizational models from  used is holistic 
 Do your research before strategy!   keynote
 Japan 10 yrs ahead of US on how mobile is used 
  keynote..learning about mlearning through bees 
 At  looking forward to  opening at 8:30 PT and meeting up f2f with some colleagues and playing 
 Web 3.0 and Privacy Issues – Concern Grows 
 We have two job openings in Oakland. UI Developer and Visual Designer. If you know of anyone...
 We-Learning workshops...Join  and I for a free (thanks to  1/2 day workshop in Boston 6/14. 
 RT   Wisetail users contributed 129 pieces of employee generated training content in first 3 mnths! Btw, contri ...
 Briefing w   CEO. Nice"learning ecosystem."  These guys took some time to get it right. 
 Adobe ExportPDF -Convert from PDF to Word for $19.99 yr.  (tempting)
 RT  RT   <--- "5 Tools for Nex-Gen hybrid courses, PearlTree sounds cool!
 RT  The Cultural Imperative For A Social Business 
 RT  Is HR a  Profession or a Career?  Read our HR Career Factbook research. "A career with widely varying practices."   ...
 RT  Knowledge is  Extend your genius by engaging your extended enterprise. How-to whitepaper from  htt ...
  stop making me hungry! must not eat cupcake. must not eat cupcake.
 Wait. What? I can buy an LMS with a credit card?: This is a cross post. Original at Bersin… 
  filter schmilter
 Webinar: QR Codes, mTagging, and Learning  w/  May 26 10:00-11:00 UK time (GMT+1)
 Hard to believe this article was written about mlearning 7 years ago  by  
 Bersin & Associates among Top Small Company Workplace  via 
 in 15 min  webinar w/   Virtual Classrooms    2PM ET
 Join me tomorrow for a free  webcast "Measuring On-Demand Learning" 5/5 11am PDT 
 Speaker needed on topic of tech & school leadership, restructuring schools in response to budget cuts, innovative leadership-TX event. DM me
 April 10-12 2012 IMPACT. Save the date.  
 End of conference crash approaching. Brain full.
 RT  People hate change but love progress 
  re: The learning software update to our brains failed last night (too funny)
 RT  Bersin Impact: More and more people talking about Workforce Planning and Analytics at the conference!  
 RT   pay no attention to man behind the curtain   (or in this case woman)
 RT  I just like to say gameification   (me too. gamify me)
   Q. Describe the ideal learning team/department in 2021
   Q.  Describe the ideal learning professional in 2021
   Q. Describe the ideal learning leader in 2021
   Q: Do you rate your employee’s enterprise 2.0 abilities and contributions?
   Q. Do you develop your learners’ metalearning skills?
   Q. What do you know about your audiences social media literacy?
   Q: What do you know about your learning audiences cultural background?
   Q. What do you know about your learning audiences career interests?
   Q: What will your L&D org be worried about in 2021?
   Q: What were L&D org's big challenges 10 years ago? How different is that list today?
   Q: What was your L&D org worried about 10 years ago?
 Join  & me for High Impact Learning Org in 2021 -Streaming 9:30AM ET  
 RT  Nothing says good morning like a breakfast burrito. Looking forward to another great day.  : )
 Our role is empowering leaders to drive engagement and culture   at  
 Met  this morning f2f for first time. at  Love finally meeting ppl I've talked to online for years
 Am tweeting from a service tray. perfect height. yay!
   standing room only now during  keynote on borderless workplace
 RT  Part of being "borderless" is being willing to SHARE information with others in your company 
 RT   The LMS: Dead or Reborn? Josh Bersin says Reborn
 RT  Cool article via  on knowledge management going social 
 RT  Bersin Impact: Total renaissance in L&D with social learning: culture & contineous learning is more important than programs ...
 RT   Borderless T&D:Design focus on learning environmts, not just programs. Skills are dev through continous lear ...
 RT   Borderless T&D Cornerstone OD went public and Success Factors just paid $200mil for Plateau.
 RT  Talent Acquisition isn't on an Island - its part of the larger strategic plan now  via 
  keynote - borderless workplace - unparalleled global talent deficit  
 RT   Breaking barriers of age, culture, nations, role, and org boundaries. See website: glass door tracking compa ...
  HR  keynote streaming live   
 Great team meeting...gearing up for  conference over the next two days. Followit here  or see it live 
 Video in the Workplace / pros and  cons / Employees spend 17.8 min per week watching company-created video 
 Digital Learner in HE: Generation is Not the Issue  by   and Adnan Qayyum
 Hold the date: Look for some key industry visionaries here during  4/28 9:30-10:45 am ET
 “Dogfooding” at IMPACT: This is a crosspost. I’m also writing here with this RSS feed. The… 
   awww...shucks thanks. YOU are  go ahead...look in the mirror. you are. really.
 Dogfooding at IMPACT  
 Measuring On-Demand learning Webinar 5/5 2PM ET  Join me! 
 Streaming sessionsat Bersin and Assoc. IMPACT conference next week.  
  we name it, talk about it, research it, talk about it some more, then un-name it : )
  I'm seeing that a lot.l seems most elearning is rapid...doesn't seem "rapid" is even needed anymore.
 Starting now Rapid E-learning webinar for  
 If you're "doing" e-learning at your org, what % is built with "traditional" rapid dev tools? (template-driven, SME resources, etc.)
 RT  Get 3 timely case studies from  for participating in our High-Impact Learning Study  
 Heading into a briefing ...Saba Social. Details to be blogged when I see the light of day.
 Get 3 timely, informative case studies from  for participating in our high-impact learning survey 
  good point.
 Random: Less Popular Olan Mills Portrait Studio Backgrounds from   (I'd add: "The Utica Branch")
 Justifying e-portfolios on the basis of lifelong learning won’t wash.    
 RT  Saba live includes email integration, wikis, activity streams, social network, blogs, content (cont) 
  High performing companies spend a lot of time on culture (how rewards systems work, give ppl time to learn/mentor, etc) 
  on new L&D disciplines - bus intelligence, knowledge mgmt, info architecture, perf consulting, dev of rich media 
 RT  Tactical problem solving = connecting experts to people who need info ~    
 RT  Blending formal and informal learning via social networking tools is suboptimal - not designed for that.  
  webinar >>goal: formal learning seen simply as one event in a process of continuous learning  
  Without a strong learning culture (i.e., empowered employees), you're going to have a hard time w/ informal learning 
  on redefining ent learning>formal 20%, Informal (80%) 3 types on-demand,social,embedded  webinar> 
 Informal learning > not designed traditionally  > webinar NOW  
 RT  Urgency to globalize, especially BRIC, but everywhere  
 RT  U.S. workers are often under-skilled - 22% of college grads need add'l skills to start work  
  talking about workforce demographics, U.S., older, more diverse & exodus ~2018 > web   
 Top business challenges for 2010 - need to accelerate innovation, global expansion, rapid bus growth, webinar>  
 What I like about webinar..open chat, VoIP, video, text chat and twitter backchannel. .  
 RT  Webcast Starting! 1 ET 10 PT Analyst Josh Bersin on Social Collaboration    
 16 tips for desk jockeys  from  via  who says 500 yrs ago only king… (cont) 
 Vrtual worlds are certainly garnering renewed attention as a learning tool from  
 The crucial behavior/accomplishment distinction when talking about performance on the job.from  
 RT  Why I'd like you to join us at our fourth annual research conference, IMPACT 2011 - April 26-28, in St. Peters… (cont) http: ...
 Free webinar TODAY at 1pm ET How to Stay Relevant (for learning professionals) w/    
  yes, I'll register. thanks for letting me now. !
  must be member to attend voice webinar?
 RT  Latest Learnlet: Pedagogical Cycle: 
 RT  instructional designers as "education agents"   
 RT  Articulate Storyline: So the buzz last week at the e-Learning Guild's Learning Solutions Con... 
 RT  Mgrs/execs in L&D and HR: Get a detailed report on our important high-impact learning org research. 30-min survey http:/ ...
 Talent Acquisition Systems in 2011: The Evolution of Applicant Tracking 4/5 2PM ET  w/  and steve goldberg
  on Collab: How to Stay Relevant in This Changing Landscape for Learning Pros  (Me>Twittter DJ)
 RT  The 4 Biggest Stories in Tech, Business & Social Media This Morning - 
 Textbooks to train your staff of technical writer  via 
 RELATE Live! video channel for news and updates on elearning. 
 Employment confidence survey from glassdoor.com  {kinda depressing}
 EDUCAUSE quarterly - all about mobile 
 ads that learn from your inbox..what you're interested in based on habits&signals  { thoughts on privacy?}
 Google talk guru > Google bot for asking simple questions. Me: weather in sydney Guru: full weather details   {handy}
 Facebook Depression Hits Teens! teens comparing their lives to those of their “friends” on Facebook. Synap.. 
 via mobile commons>infographics on mobile  based on ITU study  {size, growth, time spent,use of social media} 
 >onflood fr  >hook messages,photos,files,metadata to location & messageboard (conf backchannel,local swarms) 
 My first Bersin blog on Fort Hill and learning transfer. 
 RT  Found this  mobile Learning system while listening to  webinar on   (great!)
 RT  RT  ELearning in 2011is content developed by Designer . . .set content  <sigh>
  Selling and driving  strategy? Strong learning culture, grassroots effort, tied to specific business outcome 
  Thanks for attending. I didn't think about flight simulators. Perfect type of training to consider. 
  for attending the webinar! So nice to see someone taking notes here. I'm glad you found it useful.
 Want to write?: The recent guest post from Tiffany Fary generated some great comments. Thanks… 
 RT  Government funding for training down 6 pct this year. Speaking at govt elearning conf 
 RT  New research released on federal training market and best practices. . Free. 
  BTW...nice article in the paper although i didn't like the headline.
  another reason not to shop here - no piggyback rides. denied entry due to piggyback ride in parking lot. too many security guards
 I wrote a sarcastic comment on  FB page and they deleted it an disabled wall posts. 
 On why expertise matters for those of us working w/ "SMEs"  from 
 Josh Bersin » SuccessFactors Acquires Jambok – Is this Corporate Learning 3.0?  
 .RT  Disrupting the Learner w/ Technology   by  / cisco blog (on th… (cont) 
 Wnat to self-publish? RT  Adventures in self-publishing I   (that sounds easy)
 Webinar: M-Learning & Next Gen E-Learning 3/24/11 2PM ET  
 Webinar 31 March 2011, 1PM - 2PM (GMT -04:00) ET (US & Canada)  (How to Stay Relevant) w/ Josh Bersin & ZOMG>me.
 RT  Understanding eLearning by Industry:Banking/Finance, Health/Pharma, Govt & ...   
 SuccessFactors acquires Jambok  (PR)  CEO of Jambok, joins SF as vp of learning & social adoption (congrats!)
  Dysfunctional workplace? It's a culture problem...lack of a strong culture of learning.
 "Reality needs to be refashioned as a game.." build self-confidence, less fearful of real world failure:Jane McGonigal 
 EDUCAUSE spotlight on cloud computing (pdfs w/ webinar summary, chat transcripts and regular documents aggregated) 
 Educational vodcasting  (not just for teachers) plus companion ning network 
 Training a Distributed Team 
 The evolution of corporate mobile learning 
 RT  a cognitive teardown of the user experience from   [Angry Birds]
 Nice list: 15 top learning/tech/media links  from 
 How to assess informal learning   big question answer from 
 How to evaluate social and informal learning from  
 Social learning? from   to  invitation to understand difference between terms we use 
  2011 Social-Media Measurement Survey (for Workplace Learning Field) 
 NO NetGen in the Netherlands (summary of journal paper by   [Need for Gamin… (cont) 
 Using personal kanban visuals to decrease likelihood of social loafing/bystander effect in work groups  (effective!)
 Coming off sugar by  sense but like that it suggests foods vs just blah blah  via 
 Via    on Postmodern Condition: A Report on Knowledge
 Course trailer:Social Media & Open Edu course  & wiki  taught by   via 
 "I just want a sandwich and some potato salad" a message about presenting yourself for the job you want, no… (cont) 
 March 17-19  (Virtual Worlds Best Practices in Edu) in SL, OpenSim, WoW, Eve Online & Club Penguin 
 Moonfruit's consumer-friendly Flash site builder for newbies...great designs via 
 SCORM's James Carville,  interpretation of ADL comments (psst: SCORM isn't dead) 
 Letter from an agonized adult learning (I'm not an idiot) from ID  (what do your adult learners think about your elearning?)
 Enterprise Collaboration Requires Critical New Skills  from  via 
 RT  Hope to see you at IMPACT - 4/26-28 in St Pete, FL. --- High-impact HR/Talent Mgt HR_Tech research, 40+ practition…http:/ ...
 I'm at Carrier Dome (900 Irving Ave, at Syracuse University, Syracuse) 
 Social Learning vs. Communities of Practice: This is a guest post from Tiffany Fary, a Senior… 
 I'm at Utica Memorial Auditorium (400 Oriskany St. W., Utica) w/ 5 others 
 Less talked about - but VERY compelling - benefits of SaaS  by Steve Goldberg  [HR/Talent Mgmt Systems] 
 Follow  if you want to follow Global Mobile Awards live 
 I'm at Tsha' Hon'nonyen'dakhwa' 
 Join me at  & Associates IMPACT 2011: The Business of Talent®, the premier HR and Learning event, Apri… (cont) 
  not really (cop & sl). different. i just don't like social learning defs floating around. confusi… (cont) 
 If you ever get confused about def. of "social learning," as we use it today, see CoP def from Etienne Wenger… (cont) 
 RT  Net Gen Skeptic: Digital Natives: Where is the Evidence?: In Digital Natives: Where is the Evidence?,  Ellen Hel... http ...
 Interesting to weigh in on...reading styles from   (what diff can it make if you rad from paper or Kindle,etc.?)
 5 reasons why corp social tools fail (lacking...right culture, participation, training, access, willingness… (cont) 
 On dinosaurs"Not having a grasp of the tech you're using makes you look like an amateur"  <no fear of them reading this>
  def of webinar>informational, short, client/prospect-oriented typically conclude w/ sales pitch (non-instructional intent) 
 RT  is virtual learning more interactive than classroom based learning?  (me>depends on skills of facilitator)
  Intent v expections based on UI would be good topic to discuss!should one expect a webinar to be as interactive as VC? 
   tx for attending..1 thing re: interaction> webinar/presentation/meeting are diff than VC..i.e., not as engaging 
 Need a fun break in your day?  Tweet Picks 
 Cust.Sat w/ TMS & the Fed Market - Webinar w/ Steve Goldberg  and  TODAY 2PM ET  
 Virtual Classroom webinar with me and  tomorrow 2/3 at 2PM ET  w/  Join Us.
        thanks!
      thanks for your congrats!
 Joining the staff of Bersin & Associates: Today I joined the staff of Bersin & Associates as… 
 Our thirst for expertise: I haven’t answered a question on Quora even though I’ve had an… 
 RT  Importance Of Having A Design Methodology -  (if you first sit down a the computer, this one's for you)
   - Love the avatar! I would recognize you immediately ; )
 RT  The Future of the LMS: Learning and development needs are evolving past traditional systems  
 Illustrated history of content/communication via   by 
  that's business up front, party in the back. 
 Haven't explored but  Marketplace has new education category (Haiku,Digication,DreamBox, etc.  <me likey>
 Predictions are what likely will happen…not what *should* happen: The annual predictions for… 
 12 definitions of mobile learning   from  +1 from  definition 
 Cold AND bored?...make your own snow. 
 "L&D needs to play a larger role in the way organisations hire" Good post by   (on social learning culture)
 Provisions: interactive training needed to address workshifting trends (US Telework Enhancement Act)  via 
 Letting the dog out today requires an e-learning course on hypothermia (for you and your dog… 
 share you expertise on successful web communities (White House ExpertNet) 
 RT  Evolution of the Learning Systems  
 Why  is in favor of companies being able to terminate an employee for online behavior  
 How Businesses Should Respond to Quora (not learning specific but see final section on role of community mgr.  
 VES11 (Virtual Edge Summit): I was at the Virtual Edge Summit (VES11) last week in Las Vegas… 
 RT  New Bersin & Associates research shows turnaround in corporate L&D spending... 
   virtual event next steps..multimedia and rich content
  on "why virtual?" 72% couldn't attend live f2f event last year up from 39% prior year.  survey  
  shares what's working with virtual events.  
  Re your ?>>best moment of facilitation flow for me?  Eyes11 ? (me:virtual + f2f participants formulating a new def. w/out me.
 RT  Looking for advice/recommendations for setting up a decent recording studio for web audio/video work.
 RT   Why does coll lrning and VE work? ..you can connect to others who can help you- that U don't know yet 
  I used some of your facilitation advice in session yesterday.  (grateful for your knowledge/sharing)
 wondering what's your biggest challenge  when facilitating a hybrid environment (either online or f2f)?  
 "if I hear 'event' one more time I'm going to lose it" : )   
 adults like to drive their own learning    (something trainers sometime miss/why I don't like hard objectives)
 RT  RT  How employee engagement actually drives stock price....    <good article>
 ROA - return on attention (way to measure social learning...did I get a return on the attention I'm giving you?)   
 parallel processing > twitter + f2f (is like passing notes in class)    (like that this prez has historical perspective)
 RT  FourSquare Quietly Posts New Do's and Don'ts Rules  
 RT  collab learning can be done offline. Social learning, too; Bandura said it 1st, we've re-appropriated it for online 
   Lance Dublin: Why you need a collab learning environment and what you'll be missing if you don't have one F
 Met up w/  and  at  (
 I'm at Hard Rock Cafe (3771 Las Vegas Blvd S, at Rue de Monte Carlo, Las Vegas) w/ 5 others 
  are you here in person or virtual? 
 Join me here 4:45 PT (about 1 hour from now) for a discussion about engaging learners in hybrid environments.  
 Join me here 4:45 PT (about 1 hour from now) for a discussion about engaging learners in hybrid environments. 
  what concessions were you thinking of?
 RT  off to  to faciliate a session with  on Building Engaging Virtual Learning Programs  - join us  ...
  spiffy green shirts.  
 At  200 f2f plus virtual audience on multiple platforms. presenting today. How do you engage a hybrid audience> thoughts?
 I'm at Virtual Edge Summit 2011 (MGM Grand, Las Vegas) w/ 2 others 
 I'm at PCMA 2011 Convening Leaders (3799 las vegas blvd south) 
 Flying over Nebraska. Love  WiFi. Presenting   with  
 I'm at Kitchen on Fire (1509 Shattuck Ave, Vine St, Berkeley) 
  mostly meetings...packed agenda. wish I was staying longer to do some stuff. hope all is well w/ you.
  Acquires    analysis
 Wondering how you budget for innovation...
 New issue of Elearning! Magazine is out 
 Fwd: Interaction in Online Courses: More is NOT Always Better -... 
 Job opportunity: Content/Community Manager at Elearning! Magazine - Greater Los Angeles Area  
 Virtual Edge Summit 2011 Session: Virtual-Enabled Learning Programs with Emma King: The last… 
 Recording calls: Marrying Skype and Gmail (or other email services): Way ‘back in the day’ I… 
 Checking weather for drive to CNY ASTD event this morning. Has snowed 73 hours straight in Syracuse, 28 degrees F with wind. So, normal day.
 Job opportunity: Trade Show Event Coordinator at Elearning! Magazine - Greater Los Angeles Area  
 RT  We've agreed to acquire Widevine, so we can improve access to great video content across the web 
 Just in time for the office party. 40 proof chocolate milk.  (from geekologie)
 RT  Comprehensive Review of Mobile and Wireless Learning Technologies in the UK by Doug Belshaw  
 "gift cards are an acceptable way of saying ' love you but your lifestyle baffles me" [if not, good gifts for hipsters] 
 Love  list of why I suck will always be longer than yours.I’ll worry the day it isn’t" Calling BS on SM  
 RT  SCORM expert to follow   [yup...and thanks]
 RT  The FINAL CRM Watchlist Candidates for 2011 | ZDNet  
 RT  The Spoils Of Today: Everything is Amazing and Nobody is Happy   [tech wasted on the spoiled generation] funny
 Uninstalled  from  Sucking all my power. Used to "exit", new version just "close". recommended alternatives?
  interview w/ Megan Murray, Comm.Mgr. for  [podcast]  [nice: create serendipity engine]
 Social gaming analytics   [examine metrics like engagement with specific mechanics/can also be used for evil]
 5(+1) Biggest Mistakes in Online Edu [129 slides fast & worth it] by  via  
 GFAJ-1 doesn't share biological building blocks of anything living in planet Earth   [but will it want my slides]
 this made me want to buy gold and/or a gun (kidding-ish)  [rant-ish from 
 Random Hacks of Kindness    12/4+5 [hacking for humanity]
 strategic steps to build a case for  a 4-day work week or for  
 Within next 5 yrs 76%t of U.S. jobs will require highly skilled workers i.e. skills in STEM via  + webinar 12/8 
 Using Python NLTK Bayesian Classifier for word sense disambiguation 92% accuracy    [teaching a computer context]
 Enterprise Learning! Summit 2011, March 22, Alexandria VA.   
 I love  and  session. thanks 
 TODAY, Dec. 2, 1pm - E-learning Trends, Practices & Predictions- w/  (mobile)  (social media)  FREE
 E-learning Trends, Practice, Predictions w/  and   12/2 1PM ET Free, online 
 Enterprise Learning! Summit 2011, March 22, Alexandria VA.   
 Dec. 2, 1pm - E-learning Trends, Practices & Predictions- w/   (social media) & me (mobile) 
 Skills we take for granted: I live in an area of New York where the road signs for icy… 
 Facilitation and the Social Web: Here are slides from a presentation I did for the Australian… 
   me > Emerging E-learning > Mobile, Social   
 A powerful virtual classroom: Adobe Connect 8: I’m always cognizant of what Ellen Wagner… 
 Two leaders in the e-learning space (Saba Live, Adobe Connect 8): Two things I got very… 
 The Ask video fr Saba Live..this is awesome (real time collab/enterprise social networking and learning) ! 
 Cloud Services: What Are They, What Value Do They Provide?  (AT&T via  [IaaS, PaaS, difference w/ hosting, etc.]
  flexibility & control some of the most important factors w/ systems for EEL >Peter Jusisic
  from Hitachi on Extended Enterprise Learning, HDS Academy..coming up 
  Peter Jurisic  on EEL (big: culture, different generations & learning abilities.
  > surveys...large $ have no plans to implement social.  (tailor blends/turn on turn off features)
  everything must co-exist...social - internal+external, formal, informal
 When enterprise? When SaaS?  '10 doubling of SaaS from   (it's the future) (but..IT strict/security measures)
 Best of   >proceeding to online networking lounge. (still have pajamas on..love virtual conferences ; )
 I like these career plans that allow you to see paths within entire org vs. bus unit  
   day in the life example..New Millennium employee 
 Special Guest   Best Practices: Extended Enterprise Learning   (link if not registered)
 Best of Elearning!  > Best Talent Mgmt System > Winner: Taleo Enterprise 
 Content+social+mobile "always learning" approach  
 Best of Elearning!    Best LCM >OutStart (Best of Elearning! Awards)
  : stop talking about "LMS" it's much more now. incorporates all parts of training and learning+collab/communication 
 Emergence of the extended enterprise (what he's seeing)   
 ZOMG it's  talking.  : )
 Best of Elearning! now  Best LMS Enterrpise > winner Learn.com LearnCenter
 Best of Elearning! now  Best LMS> winner (SaaS)>GeoLearning(OS)Moole, LMS Content eCornell
 Best of Elearning! now  Best Rapid Dev Tool > Articulate Presenter, nominated by Texas Dept of Trans, IBM, ASPCA, Alpha Tech
 Best of Elearning! now  Best Eleanring Development Tool> Articulate Studio Suite nominated by Liberty Mutual, Freeman, MISTRAS,othe
 Best of Elearning! now  Best Sim Tool > Adobe Captivate nominated b y Nike, AMS theaters, UPS, OminCall
 Best of Elearning! now  Best Assessent Tools> Articulate Quiz Maker. nominated by CUNA Ins., State of Washington, others
 Best of Elearning! now  Best Mobile Learning tie?Adobe Air OutStart  Hot lave
 Best of Elearning! now  Best Compliance Course > tie> learn.com, skillsoft
 Best of Elearning! now  Best Soft Skills training > eCornell - HR Mgmt nominated by UN, Sheraton, Pinnacle Entertainment, Air Prod
 Best of Elearning! now  Best Leadership Development > eCornell nominated b y UNICEF, US Embassy, W Hotels, Fairmont Raffles Hotels
 Best of Elearning! now  Best IT Content > Skill Soft IT Pro Library nominated b y Yamaha, Quad Graphics, McKeeson, CORT
 Best of Elearning! now  Best Social Learning Tool -Interactx
 Best of Elearning! now  Best Web Seminar Solution Adobe Connect - nominated by Florida Sheriffs Assoc & others
 Best of Elearning! now  Best Virtual Classroom nominated by Xerox, Hagemeyer NA, Philps Healthcare. Congrats
 Best of Elearning! now  Best Video Capture: Articulate Screenr
 Stacey Harris w/ panel Best Practices: Integrating Learning & Talent Strategies    [NOW]
  eGov panel Q> how do you get diff govt agencies to share training? (on the cusp...)
 jay_a_allen > a must follow for e-learning standards & emerging tech 
  ADL SCORMS future>sims,games,mobile, collab...working on how can that tie backs to competencies?  (Techncial Glue ; )
  ADLs Initiatives > SCORM and challenges to SCORM, CORDRA, DITA  (emerging focus)
  from ADL...on supporting ADL, HPT, and ISD  
  think big, start small, move fast...(on going from "I think" to "we are") 
  on the Big Frickin' Wall (getting rid of resistance to change...better explanation needed) 
   rush for social media features in systems>even DOD >social media hub (our job=use it right: engage, align,drive, expand)
  on Social Media, eLearning and Soylent Green <all about the people>  
  eGovernment roundtable starts in 10 minutes...join us at 
 Public Sector E-Learning TODAY 7AM PT/10AM ET eGovernment Roundtable, Free online session, registration  
 I'm at Rising Star Soccer Club (4980 Route 233, Westmoreland). 
 I have opened up PPT. Just sayin.
 SlideShare presentation : Online Learning In The Social Web: social me...  [good "what changed""what did not" + hx]
 SlideShare presentation : e-Learning: Facilitating Learning through Te...  [edu but good for corporate types too]
 Learning in the Social Web: Increasing Retention Rates w/ Human Touch  [see customized interface of Moodle] 
 SneakPeek-eGovRountable.pdf -  Thursday, online session. Complimentary registration 
 Good editing = increased engagement: This is cool. Engagement increased by 30% across a set… 
 Planning an audience-friendly presentation: Haven’t clicked all the links on this post by… 
 Relatively normal: Nick Jones writes about a supermarket mess up and says… People who produce… 
 Using the social web to mop floors: To file under ‘haves” and “haves not”… Googlers get… 
 LinkedIn to me: "You are a member of 49 of a maximum 50 groups. You may join 1 more groups." 
 Twenty-ten has kicked ass alright: It all started with an email in February with the subject… 
 SAIC's Evocative Training. Multimedia training pgm w/ storytelling a the center 
 RT  Lab Assistants: I'm in the lab live! Come say hello!  (this is cool...a game+conference)
 RT   Are you watching the tweet stream of all of drstrangelearn scientists?  There you shall find your clues! 
 From  Top 10 Technologies for 2011  [2010 compared to 2011]
 Scary [and true] tech trends  from  [makes me want to get off the grid entirely]
 In 30 minutes,  and I will present "What Makes a Top Learning Org"  
 can't wait! excited to have  speak Wed on "What Makes a Top  Organization?"   
 Some research help is needed peeps...if you're outsourcing. Bersin & Assoc. survey. 
 One of the many reasons I love living in NY...fitting in 
 Yes, I do in fact follow 616 blogs: Ricky: We’ve got to use our brains. Lucy: Well, let’s see… 
 Math teacher blogs about bathroom fittings and I still suck at math (squared)   [Srslly, good design/math question]
 "if you're planning an ARG and are aiming to involve a broad audience, think 'obvious ninja.' "  
 "sprawled across desk w/ small puddle of drool congealing by keyboard is..deemed unacceptable"  [naps are good] 
 The Bersin & Associates Lexicon  (me likey) 
 " 'Long-now' people write the year as 02010 to remind us where we fit, sort of like odometer on Volvos"  
 "Perhaps no elearning should ever be made for as many as 100 people." from  
  true, there are much better ways to measure tweets. I'm feeling less worthless now that this has been rt'd twice w/ 2 responses
 71% of tweets are ignored. chances are this is one of them : )  [interesting stats]
 Blending of media & education: Air National Guard > Two-way interactive learning and social media... 
 Elliot Masie's ebook: Learning Perspectives  (4 MB PDF) [40 global learning leaders contribute] 
 Correlation between income and SAT scores  
 Digital Instructional Media Design  from 
 Good post on being part of a virtual team  by 
 "Our data has inherent behavioral value." The black market for data.  [I try not to think about this too much...you?]
 Software that can add/subtract pounds  "account for varying standards of beauty across cultures"
 from   social media gurus: you are not the target market!  [3 biases...1st two something for L&D to consider]
 Opinion on Oxford Union informal learning debate from   (avoid the distinct categories and provacative stmts)
 Unsuck terrible business jargon  2 options > "unsuck it" or "I'm feeling douchey"
 New Book: The Mobile Learning Edge: I’ve been reading Gary Woodill’s newest book The Mobile… 
 Random observation: - If a course is free and open, the facilitator may have a lower… 
  how can one be "trained" by "informal learning" method  another one of those :) (are we analyzing statements?)
  L7D? what? looks like it should be L&D. 7 and & are the same key. prolly forgot cap.
 Cool is this new?4 person "VPanel"  webcam interactive discussion   (IBM New Intelligence Channel)
 Location-based services and L&D: When “checking in” via FourSquare at an iconic roadside BBQ… 
 Elearning! Summit: As I may have mentioned in the past, I’m now working as Technology Editor… 
 Free Elearning! Summit 11/4/10  Jay Allen ADL, Stacey Harris, Bersin, and others.
 future...on the internet but not on the web (apps in the cloud) 
 "2 types of job: one you shower before, other you shower after"  (on not going to college)
  me, pre-cupcake...what's the male equivalent of diva?
 On hidden performers, hidden data, hidden thoughts, hidden authenticity, and things that… 
 Oh crap, it’s my day for the book tour.: That weekly calendar pop up I received every week… 
 Outside Physics class.  
 At high school open house. What's a really good question for a ninth grade teacher?
 Join Mike Alcock for a web session on Collaborative Content Authoring. Free. TODAY at 2pm ET  (I'll be the DJ)
 Elearning! on LinkedIn  my ? of the week: If free web tools are so easy..why do we need so many webinars+f2f workshops
  i was wondering about that...the ignoring part. would never ignore you...
  thank you. I needed that.
 SaaS Revolt from    (what HR exec are saying)
 The impact immersive collaborative experiences can have on transforming design practices by   w/ design video
 Cornerstone OnDemand files statement for IPO. 
 September/Octor edition of Elearning! magazine: The September/October issue of Elearning… 
 Sigh: Had a good time at the PLENK2010 session today. The session was part of a free Massive… 
  re:lack of dynamism..always a problem for me.Any tips other than new voice : )( Thanks for attending/participating. 
 About to start my session. Live :  in 5 minutes 
 Discussion between Stephen Downes and George Siemens on connectivism & constructivism  (audio)
 Save the dates: Thursday, September 30, 2010. 11:00 am PDT/ 2:00 pm EDT From Elearning… 
 Time tracking with Toggl: “Nothing is so fatiguing as the eternal hanging on of an… 
