 Named a company after Annie and this is how she works 
 See one of the products we featured on our WBAL segment yesterday  already sold some! get them while they last
 Great way to comfort children in distressed situations  NYC children's services could use this!
 We are lovin this adorable crab tote bag  perfect size for your little one to carry
 
 Roland hard at work in his Anniewear Hoodie 
 Roland hard at work in  his new AnnieWear Hoodie 
 We found a great way to encourage that budding artist! Water Magic  fun and no mess for mom!
 Lucky lucky dog  survives 40 minutes in water before rescued!
 Sweet Story - Pet therapy for ailing children 
 I know they arent suffering but really Aubrey O'Day is this necessary to do to ur dogs? 
 We love these   so funny! Check them out!
 Tomorrow is Auntie's Day, celebrate by buying something at  and help animals to!
 Hope everyone is staying cool and hydrated out there! That includes our 4-legged friends as well
 Want to give a gift that gives back? Come to  and help animal rescues. Use promo code LAP15 for 15% off today!
 Interesting stats on Cats vs Dogs 
 Amazing story of pit bull pulling owner from a car wreck!  Love this breed
 Your toddle will be the envy of the playground in these animal-themed t-shirts 
 Your toddler will be a rock star on the playground in this Woof T  - only $15
 These pet adoption announcement cards are soooo cute 
  The sun and beach oh and steamers!
 A friend just sent this to me  funny animal videos love them
 Seriously you havent come by and friended us yet on FB? Do it now we have new contests and deals coming up 
 Great gift ideas for summer!  use promo code LAP15 for 15% off today!!
 Our new blog post - See what's new at anniewear.com  AND get 15% off
 Beat the heat w/new AnnieWear baseball cap only $15 - how cute is Roland in his 
 Beat the heat with the new AnnieWear baseball cap, only $15 - check out Roland in his 
 I love my sisters dog, he is a cocker spaniel but he is just not bright! Anyone else notice this about cocker spaniels?
 New blog entry  why we do what we do!
 Meet Layla and Hannah!  How adorable are they in their AnnieWear T's?
 Meet Judah!  One of our favorite AnnieWear customers!
 New Anniewear review and giveaway enroll here 
 We are always pleased to read positive reviews of AnnieWear!  and Giada looks adorable
 Good News! spaying is helping out less animals euthanized 
 Great rescue story . Meet Sophia a beautiful rescue cat
 Check out our new homepage  we love the People Mag shout out!
 Happy 4th of July!!
 Looking for a pet, rescue we love LHS 
 Walked an AMAZING Pit Bull  yesterday Ms. Berry Wish I could adopt her what a love!!
 Busy busy day  but very exciting things in the works with lots of new friends.....
 Want to feel good about your next purchase stop by AnnieWear and help save a life 
  Their smell!
   Happy Birthday from AnnieWear!
 Our new crab hooded towel, perfect for July 4th weekend  get while supplies last!
 Come see our new arrivals adorable white bucket hats just in time for summer 
 Love the shout out for AnnieWear from Bart the Dumpster Dog! 
 What a story about fostering  Kimberly is an angel
 Take your dog to work day hmmmm how bout I take the cat today!
 Got a tour of the Good Housekeeping Testing Institute this week VERY cool!
 Check out AnnieWear giveaway on Funky_Monkey  - win your child this summers MUST t-shirt
 Great day meeting with magazine editors and introducing AnnieWear! Lots to look forward to....
 Happy First Day of Summer! Celebrate with our best selling woof t! 
 How cute are these Rescue Pup/Rescue kitty T's? Get one today, 50% of all proceeds go to rescues 
 Have you got your Woof T? Kids won't take this off 
 Happy Fathers Day to all you pet dads out there!
 Another satisfied customer 
 Olivia our newest AnnieWear Star - green is her color! 
 By popular demand Woof T's in short sleeves and fun summer colors  - "the shirt kids won't take off"
 Great AnnieWear Review and giveaway sign up now! 
 Trying to pry your kids away from TV/computer try Water Magic!  fun and no paint or paper!
 We are loving these animal pull toys we are sure your little one will as well 
 We are LUVIN these adorable beach coverups for girls 
 Feline Friday here is my rescue - Sasha who forgot she was actually a rescue and not royalty 
 Feline Friday here is my rescue - Sasha who forgot she was actually a rescue and not royalty 
 We just got some super cute new items in stay tuned will post when we have them up! Can't wait to show you all!
 20,000 plastic bags tossed each week! Get these reusable snack/sandwich bags   code Summer2011 for $ off
  Done good luck
 Excited to be going to my first orientation at the Liberty Humane Society in Jersey City. Can't wait to start volunteering
  Have no fear it's the heat! Hopefully it will break soon
 How you keeping cool today? Sascha my cat true to form is avoiding the air conditioner and is uner the bed
 Going to the beach today bring along your bottle buddy  use Promo Code Summer2011 for $1 off
 See our newest AnnieStar Baby C! How can you  not say Awww...
 Watched How to Train Your Dragon again last night - what a great movie!!!
 See what Celebrity Baby Blog had to say about AnnieWear 
 Keep the kids hydrated with their own bottle buddy  use promo code Summer2011 for $1 off
 Meet Savannah our newest AnnieWear Star! How adorable is she in her Good Girl Onesie 
  congrats from anniewear  would love to send you a good girl onesie proceeds help out animal shelters
  we like  cute stuff
 AnnieWear featured in People Celebrity Babies 
 Get the shirt kids won't take off! 
 Get the shirt kids won't take off! 
 Get the shirt kids won't take off! 
 Get the shirt kids won't take off! 
 Deal of the day make sure your children (and pets) are hydrated carry H2O w/these adorable bottle buddies 
 Another great review Thanks Annie's House glad your little one liked the onesie he is a cutey! 
 Cincinnati Coupons thanks for the great review - glad mini me LOVES the shirt!   
 Another satisfied customer  how adorable is he?
 Deal of the day girls summer dresses  promo code BLOG2011
 Happy Memorial Day from AnnieWear! Hope the weather is as perfect for you as for us!
 Nice review from Parent Dish  thanks for finding us!
 Have you got your bottle buddy yet? 
 Read the rescue story of Chiweenie  LUV to hear about second chances
 Check out Savvy Baby  and shop today using promo code BLOG 2011 for 15% off all items
 Love this story about JG loving her AnnieWear shirt  too cute
 Meet our latest star - Broxton 
 10% off these Rescue/Woof T's  your kids will LOVE them
 Read this wonderful "rescue" story - Oliver is one lucky pup! 
 H2O has never looked this good check out these cool bottle buddies 
 So excited AnnieWear featured in Peoplepets.com check it out 
 It's Raise Awareness Wed - help animals in need 
 Another adorable customer Jude wearing AnnieWear 
 Another adorable AnnieWear Star - meet Henry in his Woof T 
 National Dog Bite Prevention Week, read out tips on avoiding the "bite" 
 Adorable Audrey in her AnnieWear Rain wear! 
 AnnieWear featured in Peoplepets.com 10% off for readers check it out 
 Rain all week in NYC check out animal themed rain gear for your little ones at AnnieWear 
 Check out Matthew in his Rescue Puppy T - he didnt want to take it off! 
 Check out Vivian in this MUST have Woof T! How super cute is she! 
 We love Tobin showing off his AnnieWear Woof T to his puppy! check him out! 
 See our latest review  and help animals out!
 So many new AnnieWear Stars! Come and see the cute, promise it will make you smile :) 
 Happy day for one of Michael Vicks Dogs!! 
 Check our Riley rocking his AnnieWear PJ's 
 See our newest AnnieWear star adorable Charlie Rabbit 
 Happy Mother's day from AnnieWear!
 Super cute video about AnnieWear 
 So exciting AnnieWear featured in Project You Magazine 
 Check these ladies out great entertaining ideas that don't break the bank 
 Nice blog post on AnnieWear from Mommys with Style 
 Celebrate National Pet Week! 
 Love these adorable training socks all animal themed and on $6 
 Celebrate National Kid and Pet day with these adorable rescue t-shirts 
 We LUV to hear rescue stories check out a new one 
 And another AnnieWear Star added to our Gallery!  Boy the Woof T's are popular today
 Click here  to enter contest for $25 AnnieWear gift card
 Come see our newest additions to the AnnieWear Stars! JoJo and Judah!! 
 National Book week come see the fun animal-themed baby and toddler books available  
 Another nice post for AnnieWear and rescued animals 
 Nice AnnieWear mention and sweet rescue story on Mommies and Beyond 
 The rescue continues in Japan 
 Its National Volunteer week see our post on children & charity on 
 See AnnieWear in Cool Mom Pick of the day 
 See new what's cool gifts at AnnieWear 
 Interview with the Angels that saved Annie 
 Remember April is Prevention of Animal Cruelty month 
 Ellen Degneres wins first PETCO Hope Award for her dedication to animals
 Check out new AnnieWear Blog for deals and news 
 See our interview with the rescue we got Annie from 
 Monty the service dogs helps Yale students 
 why you should adopt from a shelter 
 See the top 10 Animal Heroes 
 Women rescues her dog from Hudson  we do love our animals don't we?
 It's the first day of SPRING why not get an adorable animal hoodie for your little one  and donate to Japans animals
 Come shop  and all this month we will be donating to Japan animal rescues
 6 ways to help animals in need in Japan 
 Worlds most expensive dog 1M  - wow 
 Canine Rescuers land in Japan to help 
 Great event to fight animal cruelty 
 Check out AnnieWear mention and discount on great site Skimbaco Lifestyle 
 Shelter Contest - PLEASE vote for Almost Heaven Golden Retriever Rescue in WV they need the help 
 Looking for cool ways to help toddlers learn to count? We found these animal-themed puzzles here 
 Please vote for the shelter I came they need to help other pets find their homes 
 Great gift idea for your little Picasso  minus all the mess
 Please vote for the rescue I came from in this years Shelter Contest 
 Toddler potty training? Adorable myself belts  fun way to promote independence also seen in US Magazine buzz meter
 RT  OMG! Let's help him out!  RT  Bobby  (A1188416, 11 mo, 60 lbs) is a loving, silly pup, but he wa… (cont) h ...
  Rolling in the Deep is my new favorite song she is amazing!
 National Spay you Pet Day - go out and spread the word
 Back from a mini-vac and feeling generous come to  for free shipping on all items
 Excellent news for Bolivia circus animals 
 Happy Valentines day all! Spread your love around
 Sign up today   to be the first to learn about new products and promotions and help rescue shelters
 Think I'm looking forward to the Puppy Bowl more then Super bowl !!!
 We love this dog!  helping homeless animals
 Pitbull save woman and child from attacker  didnt even know the people how awesome!
 Good for Kristen Davis National Humane Society honoree 
  Mia is adorable and very very lucky!
 What do you all think is the BEST baby shower gift????? Need some ideas.
 Dogs comfort kids in the courtroom  how great is that!
 I nominate  for a Shorty Award in  because...your the only dog nominee! 
 RT  PLS RT! Win a Toddler Blanket and Pillow Set from BobbleRoos   ends 2/15 
 show your support for animal rescue go to  for unique animal themed kids/toddler items, help animals out
 AnnieWear mentioned on tppc.tv blog see here 
 Off to the Childrens Market in NYC, tweet me ideas for the store to purchase!
 Looking for unique baby/toddler gifts that give back? Come to , shop and give to animal rescue
 Good for Justin Bieber bringing attention to adopting shelter dogs new PSA
 Keep your little ones head warm with these adorable animal themed children's hats -  - just in time for the snow!
  Good for you! Gave up meat 5 years ago, not so bad still miss a cheeseburger though!
 Interesting article in WSJ on dealing with pet anxiety 
 Want to save the world from plastic baggies? Check out these reusable snack holders 
  Annie LOVES to play Wuba every day all day
 Wow there are good people out there this pilot is amazing 
 Don't forget to help feed shelter pets play Kibble quiz here to donate 
 Check out and get 10% off Anniewear adorable Rescue Doggy/Kitty toddler t's 
 What an inspiration Sage the golden is 
  They have lots of energy get a laser light that tends to wear them out a bit
 Love these dog themed cards 
  Love this update! thanks for sharing already retweeted
 RT  Howdy do anipals, I've updated my blog! A nice widdle story bout NY's resolutions!  RT PLS!
 Be the change for animal blog up coming soon  great way to spread the word
 RT  DID YOU KNOW: An average cat has 1-8 kittens per litter, and 2-3 litters per year. Spay or neuter your cat
 Great idea to feed animals, I click every day to help 
 What an awesome idea for teaching kids about animals 
  Totally dunk in milk no other way to eat them LOL
 Happy to be back from Long Island and back to work
  Congratulations, that is AWESOME!
 Annie here, on my way to Long island for holiday festivities.....
 How awesome is Ellen Degeneres helping animals 
 What a great idea to help animals find homes Anniewear is on it! 
 Meet my new cousin Wilson and read about him on my new blog post
 Read Annies latest blog post
 check out these fun ecards  - I am sending them out
   thanks for sharing that is a mess!
 Check out these adorable animal themed wool hats  - looks like we need to stock up baby it's cold outside
 Check out annies new Holiday blog 
 Annie just updated her blog 
 Check out the latest blog from Annie here 
  Thanks for the tweet!
   we are so sorry here at anniewear
   Too funny, just saw it!
 So tree is up and cat is kicking around the first of ornaments its gonna be a long week!
  only watched once but its nuts!
 RT  Don't buy a pet store puppy...instead, head to your local shelter and adopt!
  Your better then me, going on line now will have to pay for rush ship and wrapping
   Always was and will be Scooby Doo! and school house rock breaks
  Agreed it was so cold my mom ditched me for lunch at the short hills mall!
  Such fun! thanks for sharing put a smile on my face
   Cute stuff thanks for the tweet!
 Just finished writing the first updates for annie's blog stay tuned monday
  Thats awesome, I have known my best friend since we were 7 we are in our 40's cant beat old friends
   I actually had an account exec show up at the office with Juicy on her butt! That is never good in an ad agency
  anything friskees makes my cat very very happy
  Already have one, got it for my 30th bday still don't regret it
  Your a good person to save them wish there were more  people like you out there
 Oh Lord! Michael Vick: 'I Miss Having a  new pet would be big step in rehab  via 
 I want to win an Amex Gift Card! Hey  surprise ME!  
  Still have no idea what to get my dad or my aunt - any ideas?
 Brilliant idea - onesies with magnetic closures instead of snaps 
  So cute! My cat runs under the bed when the doorbell rings except when Optimum guy is here? Odd?
 Some days you just feel like this  today this is me
  Its a trainwreck that u cant turn away from
  my poor cat goes in the box, I scoop, and fabreze she jets out fast
 Thought this was hysterical 
  my cat sascha loves chasing the laser light, runs into door often LOL
 Nephew just asked me to drop dog off at petco for a wash - has petco become a laundry??? No appointments necs...
  Congrats to Zeus for finding his home!! Merry Christmas from Annie
 Awesome Anniewear event last nite - thanks to all who participated and shopped giving to more animals in need! What could be better
  hate to admit but RHWOBH, yell at TV but still watch
 So we were wondering do you buy your pets christmas presents???
 Nice mention about Anniewear Check out this site: 
 Gearing up for Anniewear party in NJ this Thursday look out for photos
 Great event in Annapolis yesterday was able to donate "My dog/cat is adopted" t-shirts to humane society
      thanks for the mention, great website
 Get ready new products available soon at  just in time for the holidays
 Just bought the "best cat litter ever" and guess what, my cat hates it????
 RT  Win an Apple iPad on Cyber Monday 2010! Retweet this and follow  to win!! 
 Per Dr Oz 11/30 is celebrate Shelter Pets Day on Facebook help shelter pets find homes:http//goo.g1/J12q
 RT  Tomorrow 11/30  is Celebrate Shelter Pets Day on Facebook. Help shelter dogs & cats find homes:   
 Wilson finally in bed, first puppies are adorable but training must start ASAP
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Little Annie got wet on her walk...and falls quietly asleep 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Annie goes boating... 
 And don't forget the 20 year old turtle. Yes! Turtle!! 
 An just when you think you've seen everything.... a greyhound with style! 
 What a blast at the SPCA Walk for the Animals. We've never seen so many different breeds in one place. AnnieWear... 
 Sunday is the big day for the Annapolis Walk for the Animals by the SPCA at Quiet Waters Park, 8am to noon. We'll... 
 Dawn Sandomeno's PartyBluPrints Facebook likes  our signature "Good Girl!" onesie appearing on Savvy Auntie's gift... 
 My father passed this great link to me. Postage stamps that help feed animals in rescue shelters.... 
 And here he is in this adorable, lined creepy bugs raincoat!! 
 My sister in law Amanda and my nephew Roland stopped by and we went through AnnieWear's inventory room. Amanda... 
 My sister in law Amanda and my nephew Roland stopped by and we went through AnnieWear's inventory room. Amanda... 
 My sister in law Amanda and my nephew Roland stopped by and we went through AnnieWear's inventory room. Amanda... 
 
 Tomorrow starts our sponsorship on the Animal Rescue Site! Tell everyone you know!... 
 We are proud to announce that we are now a GOLD sponsor of the 2010 SPCA Walk for the Animals at Quiet Waters Park... 
 You can now visit our page quickly and easily by going to www.facebook.com/anniewear ! 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Annie Tales: Valentine (Episode 6) 
 Good day to you! Have you seen episodes 4 and 5 of Annie Tales yet? If not, be sure to check them out! 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- AnnieTales: Hard At Work (Episode 5) 
 Annie spent the day at the office yesterday, supervising Jeannie and me uploading the cutest little shoes and... 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Meet Annie" 
 Hello Family and Friends! AnnieWear has joined Facebook and we look forward to sharing all the exciting news about... 
 
