 RT  Happy birthday  Thanks for everything! Xo
 August Promotions Calendar is up! More ways to win! 
 RT  From  Kings of Leon cancels Tuesday's show at the 1-800-Ask-GaryAmp -- and its whole U.S. tour:  ...
 RT          
 RT  Live and love life. You only live once.
 Would you weep before Freddie's spandex?    
 RT  So fun! RT    Good Lookin Crew at Hard Rock Cafe last nite  :) cc  ...
 RT            
 RT  July at the Tampa Hard Rock! Great Shows, Great Casino, Great Fun!  Come Check it out! 
   Good Lookin' Crew at Hard Rock Cafe last night!  :) cc  
 RT  Yesssss! RT  TONIGHT! Join  &  at the Hard Rock Cafe! It's Free!   cc ...
 RT  Hey hey hey! RT  TONIGHT! Join   &  at Hard Rock Cafe! It's Free!   ...
 RT  RT   TONIGHT! Join  and  at the Hard Rock Cafe! It's Free!  cc ...
 TONIGHT! Join  and at the Hard Rock Cafe! It's Free!   cc 
 RT  Haute! Tweet pics por favor! RT   hey!  is hosting  tonight!
  LOL! Good for you. 
 RT   The fish, mashed potatoes, pizza, fries, ribs, chicken roasted rice, beans & cornbead..too many selections  ...
  what was for dinner?  Yummy. 
 RT  Dinner at Fresh Harvest  rules! 
 RT  From 7.25.11 in  Seminole Casino GMs surprise flash mob!  
 Rosa D of Palm Harbor hit $25,000! 
 Tracy C of Lakeland hit $50,000 in our Platinum Quick Hit machine! 
 lol! uh oh.  RT   I love ur new pic..I'd be willing to fight your boyfriend for your love!
 Rita Mary G wagered $20 on our 25 Cent Super Touch Lotto 6 Machine and hit a $100k jackpot. It's hot in here! 
 Listening to  today. Loving the 80s and current music mix! 
 We are loving our app. what do you think? upload it here! Apple:  Android: 
  We love other languages but unfortunately don't read in French. Please re-send question in English, thank you!
 RT  Aww thank you for your kind words on air this morning  true, our girls here  are the most BEAUTIFU ...
  funnnnn. lol hmm.
  wouldn't a slip and slide at the Hard Rock be fun?  lol   
 The slip and slide is a classic MUST for a  RT    slip and slide....
 We like to eat dance too lol! RT     we all do the Kid N Play! And  eats
  what exactly happens at a    
 RT  S/O to my sister   Turns out  hot babe of the week is one of our own bartenders!  ...
 Good luck! RT   On our way... Let's see if I can get lucky today!!!
 Turns out  hot babe of the week is one of our own bartenders!  
 How was it? ;)" Taking my mama out to the Council Oak  I am a mama's boy :-) 
 RT  Follow          ...
 RT  Over 200  employees heading to  for  talent show   ...
 RT  Sending my  love to        ...
 RT   didn't make it, but my friend went after I told her I thought she would win $400.. She won $400! Playing KENO. ...
 RT  $5 Blackjack Extravaganza at Seminole Hard Rock - Good afternoon everyone, Alex back with some exciting new for. ...
 RT     So are we!
  Thanks, it's a huge pullout, and we loved surprising the modest  She was freaking out. :)
    she's beautiful. Take a peek at our 2011 Centerfold. Whatcha think?  
 RT  RT    can't wait to have you guys here July 28th! woohoo -We're excited!!
 RT  RT   40th Anniversary Memorabilia Bus Tour comes to Tampa Aug 10-12 1pm - 7pm. Tour Rock Histor ...
 RT  $5 Special on Black Jack at HR Tampa   Join the fun!Lots to do at Hard Rock $ lots rest ...
 RT  $5 Special on Black Jack at HR Tampa   Join the fun!Lots to do Hard Rock and lots re ...
  40th Anniversary Memorabilia Bus Tour comes to Tampa Aug 10-12 1pm - 7pm. Tour Rock History 4 Free! 
   can't wait to have you guys here July 28th! woohoo
 RT  Win tix 2 hang with  and 93.3 FLZ at  
  and we love you too! :) 
 RT  My fiance and I love   Free play/autoload is the greatest!  
 so how was it? RT   Headed to Council Oak over at  for the birthday dinner. Not going to lie, i'm a little excited.
  How was poker and video BJ?
  what up! 
 RT  What up   Best place on earth!! Not an understatement.
 RT     aw thanks!
 RT        :)
 RT   Carmen is still missing...   Care to join the hunt? 
 Tell   how much you love spending Happy Hour with us, our hotel and our Body Rock Spa! 
  ha! Carmen Sandiego was a super popular game/show (90s) and the purpose was to guess where she was based on hints of country
 Congratulations Elizabeth on your $24,600 jackpot on the Quick Hit Platinum slot machine! 
 RT   Paul m is a great dealer
 RT   james and Henry are cool dealers too Henry dealt the bad beat hope he got a good tip
  Thanks. We'll make sure to tell his supervisor
 RT   Alex in the green room is your best waiter
  Thanks for RT
  Carmen Sandiego showed up at the nick of time.
 RT  RT  I'll be at the Hard Rock today   3-7p signing people up to play poker with  at 8 toni ...
 RT     woo hoo I'm all in
 RT   here to play 3 hrs for gas card $150 great promotion 
 RT  We’re feeling generous today. How abt an exclusive 6 song playlist from  artists? Enter offer code HRHL ...
 After adding up slots, poker and table games in each casino throughout the world we r currently the 11th LARGEST CASINO IN THE WORLD.!
 RT  at least you r w/ our buddies in NOLA :)  rt   does this answer your question? ...
 RT  RT " Council Oak is the best in town.steak and seafood at its finest,  ... http:/ ...
 RT  July at the Tampa Hard Rock! Great Shows, Great Casino, Great Fun!  Come Check it out! 
 RT  Off to  Gonna meet up w/ Galpy and make some $$$...
 RT  Just left a great lunch meeting  ! Good things to come. I'm fired up for the show today! 
 Thursday July 28th Hard Rock  Nite presents  special guest DJs Riland and Gabe from Cobra Starship at 1am! Free!
 Yay!" Someone just asked me about my bachelorette party..its going to be at  of course!!!! {Life of a  to be}"
 Best way to stay informed on all we have to offer? Download our app! Apple:  Android: 
 RT  Joan Jett Rocks Hard at the Hard Rock Cafe Tampa - Hi everyone. Travis back with an update about some Tampa Bay Ente. ...
 RT  Joan Jett Rocks the house at the Tampa Hard Rock Cafe! Review     
  "  maintains the rock 'n' roll fantasy after 40 years   
 RT   Glimpse into treasures at sort of secret Hard Rock vault. By  in  . ...
 RT  Something I learned reading this morning's  There are more Hard Rock Cafes in  than in any other  ...
 Around 12am The Tampa Poker Bad Beat Jackpot hit for $148,000 and the Mega Bad Beat Hit for $125,950! More details to follow.Congrats! 
 RT  Don't forget to read  story in  about 40 years of 
 $5 BlackJack Extravaganza! Back by popular demand! 24-hours a day starting Sunday at 6pm and ending the following Friday at 6pm!Limited Time
  There's always room for you here!
 RT            ...
 Need champagne! "   why don't you come to tampa?"
 Holler while you're busy getting rich ;) " Heading to  Hard rock tonight for some poker action. Come give me your money!"
 RT     I love me some Joan Jet!
 Thx for rt! Let's get this trending!    ;)
 Thx for RT " Amazing!! RT    Check it out. Happy 40th Birthday to us!..."
 Thanks for RT!  
 Review / photos: Joan Jett lives up to her bad reputation at the Hard Rock Cafe in Tampa |  
 RT  The Illusion of Inclusion: How the Hard Rock Cafe commodified cool    ...
 RT  Review / photos: Joan Jett lives up to her bad reputation at the Hard Rock Cafe in Tampa. 
   Check it out. Happy 40th Birthday to us!...
 RT   Congrats on the anniversary! The stories are great and we're excited to see them in print on Sunday also. htt ...
 RT  Twitter buzz for Hard Rock Cafe:  - RT  Who's rockin with us tonight at the Joan Jett sho ...
   Glad you girls had a good time. Joan Jett Rawks! 
 RT  “   ” 
 RT  ET  Who's rockin with us tonight at the Joan Jett show in the Hard Rock Cafe?
 RT  Yay  at the  Thanks  
    Hard Rock Cafe maintains the rock 'n' roll fantasy after 40 years 
   From Elvis nudies to Madonna's undies, Hard Rock Cafe's "secret" Vault brims with magic 
  " From Elvis nudies to Madonna's undies, Hard Rock Cafe's "secret" Vault brims with magic "
 Great piece! Can't wait for this Sunday's paper!   
 Who's rockin with us tonight at the Joan Jett show in the Hard Rock Cafe?
 RT  Hard Rock Cafe maintains the rock 'n' roll fantasy after 40 years   
  You're definitely still a winner! :)  
  Yes it's a private deal. :)
  No ma'am. Sorry!
 RT  Woot! Guess who just won 2 tix on  to see  at  tonight? Its Meeeeeeee!
 RT    Kayla served us last night <3
 RT  Hello from existing  calendar girls!  Steph, Kayla and Candice. 
 RT  Outstanding live music & memorabilia in Tampa Bay area!RT  What's ur favorite part of Seminole Hard Rock Ta ...
   HOLA! see you soon!
 RT  Tampa, here I come! See you soon  ( Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) w/ 23 others) http:// ...
 RT   blackjack!!!!!!!! Lol
 RT   my favorite part is trying to take down the monster bad beat jackpot in the poker room
 RT  RT  What's your favorite part of Seminole Hard Rock Tampa?  mine is Council Oak ...
 RT  DJ Joey Jam at the Lobby Bar!! RT  What's your favorite part of Seminole Hard Rock Tampa?  ...
 What's your favorite part of Seminole Hard Rock Tampa? 
 RT  RT by 12PM on 7/13 to win 2 free tickets to see Joan Jett at  tomorrow night! Winner chosen at random.
 RT  RT  Giveaway: Joan Jett  time folks! Happy trivia hunting!... 
 RT  Cassey in the 2010  calendar 
 RT  View from our Apollo Suite  
 RT  Hope everyone's ready to play some Joan Jett trivia today! 2 tickets for tomorrows show are on the line! Be... http:/ ...
 RT  Yesterday we listened to  all day during   = today we're rockin to  ...
  See you here! 
 RT    My pleasure! We wish you many years of happiness together! Rock on.
 RT  Trust me, it wasn't the food that was the problem, LOL  :-) RT   where did ...
  where did you eat while here?
 Congratulations to our friend Derek Jeter for hitting his 3,000 hit! 
 Over 100 female employees in 3 days...trying out for the Seminole Hard Rock Girls Calendar 2012!  Here we go!
 RT   at center bar chilling! 
 RT  July Happenings at the Tampa Hard Rock Cafe Casino! Great Shows, Great Casino, Great Fun!  Ch ...
 RT  Seminole Hard Rock Casino’s Body Rock Spa -Indian Country Today Media Network.com 
 RT  ♫ Put another dime in the jukebox baby! RT  Who loves Rock and Roll?! 
 Who loves Rock and Roll?! 
 RT  hiiii! 
 RT  July Happenings at the Tampa Hard Rock! Great Shows, Great Casino, Great Fun!    Check it out ...
 RT  RT  Exclusive photos of Vince Neil inside Hard Rock Cafe partying it up! Ralph Notaro.  ...
 RT  Ringo Starr fans sang happy birthday to him outside of our Hard Rock Cafe Hamburg. Check out the video!  ...
 Exclusive photos of Vince Neil inside Hard Rock Cafe partying it up! Ralph Notaro was the photographer. 
 Check out photos of Vince Neil last nite at our  
 RT  Ringo Starr turns 71 today! Join him in wishing the world Peace & Love. So, noon, your time, say it: "Peace & Love!" http: ...
 RT  New  Lucky Teddy Bear Giveaway & July Calender Hard Rock Tampa!   
 RT  Smashing some mac-n-cheese! ( Hard Rock Cafe w/ 2 others) 
 RT  July Happenings at the Tampa Hard Rock! Great Shows, Great Casino, Great Fun! 
  We recommend you order from the Martorano's specialty items.YUM 
 RT    oh snap! Tell Bret we say hiiii! 
 RT  July at the Tampa Hard Rock Cafe! Great Shows, Great Casino, Great Fun!   Check it out! 
 RT     Party like a Rock Star :)
 RT  Then 2  for Vince Neil's afterparty! "    tonight at  ...
 RT   thanks! I love me some 21! ;)
   Congrats on winning on the  tables. Wootwoot! 
 RT  THANK YOU!  even won big on the black jack tables! :-) RT   Happy Anniversary! :)
  Happy Anniversary! :)
 Vince Neil's Official After Party tomorrow night! Don't miss it! 
  You're welcome! Pleasure working with you.
 Yeah baby! RT   Looks like more great events this July at  ! 
 So are you! RT    Baby you're a Firework!!
 RT  Need a girls night out VIP style? Register to win one at the Hard Rock Cafe Tampa!   
  We happen to agree that Council Oak is ROCK STAR AWESOME! :)
 RT  My 1st time at Council Oak steak house at  & I have to say it was ...ROCK STAR AWESOME!! 
 RT  ROCK N' ROLL  at the     
 RT   New suggestions for you: SHRTampa at  and CROWBAR at  More at ! ...
 RT  July Happenings at the Tampa Hard Rock! Great Shows, Great Casino, Great Fun!  Check it out!  ...
 Hope you have a fun & safe 4th of July weekend! Come in to earn 2x, 3x, and 4x your points all weekend long and all day Monday. Keep Rockin!
 Don't forget to multiply your points 4th of July weekend [Sat-Mon]. Receive double to quadruple the amout of points. Rock on and have fun!!
 Congratulations to David C. from Lakeland, FL on winning a hot, new Camaro at our Casino last night!!
 Last day to Race to the Riches. Every hour from 10am to 4pm you have the chance to be the lucky cash, trip or car winner. Good Luck to you!
 DJ Derrick Anthony  Hard Rock Cafe. Ryan Nece afterparty. Nick Peterson. The Bus Stop Band. Check out the fun photos: 
 Don't miss the World's Largest DJ, Derrick Anthony tomorrow night, 1am-4am at the Hard Rock Cafe - Tampa!! Eat. Play. Rock. Repeat.
 Rock out with EVERCLEAR at the HARD ROCK CAFE Tampa tonight at 10pm!! Only a few tickets left at the Rock Shop or Ticketmaster. Enjoy!
 Race to Riches today only at the Seminole Hard Rock - Tampa: win Cash, a Trip or Car every hour until 4pm today!! ROCK on!
 Only a few tickets left for the Everclear concert 6/23 at Hard Rock Cafe, to buy tix now, go to:  
 Let the Good Times Roll tomorrow from 1-9pm we will be giving away hourly cash prizes & a Chevy Camaro at 9:30pm! Be the next lucky winner!
 RT  Glad you liked it, cool story    
 RT   After  I'm all about  Promise!!! Big July Sunday piece in  We ...
 RT  xo  After  all about  Promise!!!Big July Sunday piece in  ...
 Jeannie L of Tampa was this week's winner of the smokin' hot 2012 Dodge Challenger! 
 RT  Give your dad the rock star treatment featuring   and  all this weekend! 
 RT             ...
 RT  Is it  again already?   here we come! Let's have some RT's tweeps    ...
 RT  New  Hiking or Camping This Summer? You Need This Hiking Kit From the Hard Rock Caf...  ...
 RT  Aristocrat tech just added ANOTHER app, 5 dragons. Another slot I will be searching for 
 Gonna be a packed house next Thursday for  
 RT  $1,500  Event 28 in 8.5 hours... BIG DAY!!! G'night peeps!      ...
 RT  More pics from the     
 RT  Only 1 week until  will be in Tampa at the Seminole Hard Rock Cafe! Get your tickets at  before i ...
 RT  Joan Jett is coming to  7/13!! 
 RT  Oh jeez. Bloody hell! RT   You doin' the Simon Cowell thang!
