  then you've not feasted on the meat extravaganza 
  is my latest obsession 
 dear  foodies: How Would You Make Our Food System More Awesome?  ( stuff) 
 RT  RT  'In the midst of our daily lives we must find the juice to nourish our creative souls" SARK
 I've just ordered from MOO.COM (don't be too jealous)!
  felt army. nice.
 Top 10 Facebook Apps for Building Custom Pages & Tabs » Social Media Examiner  via 
 RT  The debt sealing was raised 7 times during the Bush administration. I'll bet you didn't know that.
 charles leads choir practice in the kitchen. 2 cats + tuna = lots of meows. 
  intrigued by the form. productive rarely describes the meetings i attend.
 Step Into a Mobile Photo Booth With PopBooth for iPhone & iPad   RT 
 car thief slams into neighbor's work truck. glad i didn't park in that space last night. 
 crasy visits my street again 
  see fabergé for the fantasy. jewel-encrusted cigar boxes, picture frames & parasols were their norm.
 shopping with mom. day 2. 
 spent morning with slugs, quoins & fonts. first letterpress class  
 he grills, cleans dishes & builds fire. think i'll marry him. 
 hiking 
 think i'm allergic to country kitsch. 
   awesomeness for cats
   delicious tours of 
 summer creativity. signed up for 2 letterpress art classes  
 just opened indesign (at work) for the first time this week. an entire week of writing and concepting. 
 first online handle = lala. not very interesting.  
 nice question: What was your first online handle? Join the conversation from   
 for type-1 diabetics everywhere: “O is for Outrage” Diabetes Postcard Campaign!  RT 
 lola supervises mina's bug catching endeavours. 
 good thinking: 6 Ways To Improve Your Company's Online Content -  by  RT 
 THE LOVE MACHINE - Weddings Made Easy! ★  RT  
 archiving up a storm
 meeting wedding our first photographer.
 viewed on streets of  
 sleep in not helping the headache 
 minor pizza cooking disaster. wax paper not the same as parchment. 
 homemade pizza tonight thanks to fixings from   
 come on people. is this national no flush day? some things shouldn't be shared with strangers.
 Vizualize.Me is launching soon and I'm one of the first in line! Join me.   via 
  happy camping. if you find snow, send some my way.
 testing out the new office flip cameras 
 Somthing for the X-Mas list. Doomsday bunkers under $10,000!  via  
  is so mint 
  = joyless
 how cool: write, design, edit, and ship a mag in 2 days.   
 Mediocrity sucks, but who cares?  via  
 RT  Be a farmer for a day? Help  &  grow 10,000 lbs of veggies for   http: ...
 Vancouver Rioters Exposed on Crowdsourced Tumblr  craziness  RT 
 attempted to pick a wedding photographer today.
 wanted super 8 tonight. got chuck e cheese instead.
 exhausted. celebrating future brother-in-law's marriage. hosting our parent's first meeting. 
 i'm melting 
 too much cumin in the chili. extra tabasco not helping. 
 RT  June's  going up EARLY tomorrow morning -tying into Int. Yarn Bombing Day. Then later, I'll be out knitting  ...
  creative thinkers in     
 RT  Cooling In The Zero Off Grid Prefab And... A Tea Party At  Sustainability Forum! 
 Unify, Simplify, Amplify: How The Mrs. Meyer's Brand Conquers A Tough Market | Co.Design 
  always makes me smile. check them out: 
 need to win this parian getaway from  
 one  event not to be missed: wounded warriors will drop a wounded vet from a plane on brown's island on Sat  
 RT  51% of Americans are on Facebook. 8% are on Twitter. 4% use location based services 
 revisited nacho mamas last night. good margaritas, but food is still bland. i used to love this place. 
 looking forward another day of location scouting for video project 
 Thanks! RT   these tweeps -       
  excited to see your next 
 back to work. day of writing and photo editing ahead.
  enjoyed yesterday's  presentation. thx. 
 video love letter to  graduates:     
 dear thief: enjoy the 1990s beat up car stereo. the car mats are worth more. 
 vacation plans ruined by car stereo thief. charles' car is cursed.  
 happy that my car's ac works, but 25 min to turn on is ridiculous. 
  i love the rick steves. i lothe touring by group, but his goofiness makes me smile.
 when the guy falls asleep, that's grounds for stealing the remote. goodbye hockey. 
 cee lo makes me smile.  
 dc day trip w/ the girls. shopping, then  yeah! 
 anyone know a  banjo or fiddle player? 
 hanging w/ the fabulous  tonight 
 button maker arrived at work this morning. we've been up to no good ever since. 
 dear irs: thanks for fixing my math errors and refunding more money. i need the extra gas money. 
 hearstings pulled. ad from google chrome: dear sophie 
  i'm jealous of your travels
 distracting my videographer. making him ponder the Flavian Amphitheater. 
 The tragedy of consumerism is that it replaces human desire to do something with the impulse to buy things. RT   
  but using one is so worth the hassle. happy traveling.
 Check out "SMCRVA May, 2011: The Now Revolution with Amber Naslund"  
  hello. welcome back to twitter. hope life is well.
 need recommendations: know a good seamstress in 
 RT  Need your help  -> Mass consumerism challenge ideas needed! 
  starts to re-invent city's transportation plan 
 heading to work eventually. got a  to watch. 
 My royal name is Marchioness Campbell Eugenia Maxham of Richmondshire  via  
 playing hide-and-seek  
  rumor that  will be at maymont on sat (after it rains) 
 only work email i got today: college closing at 3pm. nice. 
 RT  In the spirit of *randomness* -- we're now approaching  to hide some more itty-bitty-kitty eggs in plain site. Nic ...
 helicopter lands on campus at 4. 
 RT  Why should the bunny have all the fun? Seek around  for itty-bitty-kittehs hidden in colorful eggs Apr.21-23!  ...
  purrrrrrrrrfect!
 spent afternoon observing funeral service students. they learn everything from anatomy to sculpture to psychology. impressive. 
 overheard at nursing photo shoot: "if your patient feels a kick from the inside, it's not an alien. they're pregnant" 
 fascinating 2 day photo shoot. learned so much about the college's nursing and funeral services programs.
 3 Ways Companies Can Reach Generation Z  via  
 raiders of the lost ark will end my fri night. 
  micro point rolling ball w/ K ink or lime sharpie
 i kill trees. hit print 2000+ times in last 2 days.cranking out materials for 2 events. now i'll laminate. 
 SAT 4/9: art + free family-friendly edu sessions & hands-on activities at Fool for Art     
 The office will spend today putting the final pieces together for Sat's Fool for Art festival. I'm excited to see the tents go up.
  don't forget. fool for art is sat. check out th e fun:  
 sat 4/9: art + more than 100 family-friendly free edu sessions & hands-on activities at Fool for Art   
 RT  A man was found guilty of overusing commas. The judge gave him a very long sentence. (via  
 RT  Jackson: Think about how you would structure mobile app content for users who are looking to kill time while waiting 
 spent the day with other higher edu communicators. learned a lot. danke 
 spending the morning with  at  guess that afternoon hike is out. 
  antarctica. nice. that's one of my dream destinations too.
 RT  In honor of  making the Final Four, Alum Lauren Perlow presents    
  that's how pottery barn handles consumer complaints too
 excited for my b-day breakfast dinner 
 RT  Butler's tweeting bulldog has been tweeting longer and has more followers. Can we overtake him? I say yes! RT this thing!  
 RT  "If you are too busy to laugh, you are too busy." ~Proverb
  i hear you're magic
  i look forward to the creative goodness you &  are creating. she's awesome. nice meeting you at  tonight.
 welcome back winter. i've missed you. 
 RT  Want to make your own Coca-Cola?  Here's the recipe:  
 fantastic wknd start: last person to leave the office. fender-bender (not my fault). 
 done. photoshoot & video interviews. very impressed by interviewees: 2 JTCC nursing students. 
 enjoyed tonight's digital affair   
 Check out "SMCRVA March 2011: Tumblr 101: It’s in Style"  via 
 Big presentation today. 
  bring your flippers
 too cats. makes me sneeze. 
 panera always plays  
 Currently reading thepositiveposters.com
 Twitter   
 inspiration: artwork, graphics and logos of record center labels  (via  
 RT  PTS post about a photo art making trip that reminded me to reread the Laws of Simplicity by John Maeda.  ...
 dear  happy tornado awareness day.  
 Satellite Photos of Japan, Before and After the Quake and Tsunami - 
 thru-hike 2200 miles of the AT is 5 min. watch this: Green Tunnel    
 enjoying some sweet treats from   
 skate date 
 I'm attending AMA Richmond March 2011 Luncheon with Jolie O'Dell from   
 fixing sins 1-3, 7-8, 14 & 18:  
 first time  tonight. delicious, especially their lemon lemon cupcakes. 
 Cool idea: Richmond tours with a tasty twist  via  
 cool idea:  = bicycle based delivery in  supporting locally owned restaurants
 RT    Moms         ...
   Moms         (RT 
 think i'm the only person in  who's not a fan of warmer weather 
 frazzled
 fabulous. Happy Valentine's Day from Lovers Lane rvamag.com/articles/full/…     (RT 
 RT  Are you an artist? Know an artist? JTCC looking for vendors for 4/9/11 Fool for Art Festival  ...
  nice. I know more about nursing degrees than i need to.
 love cee lo. mina says "delicious".  
  is  your new adventure?
 still obsessed: . have 20+ book ideas. just lack the funds.
  bridal shops are scary. can't bring myself to schedule an appointment. good luck dress hunting.
 testing 
  thx for making me smile!
 my street's been yarnbombed! lovers lane: . my knitty valentine to  thx   
  unstoppable is everything an action movie should be...fast-paced, plausible & fun to watch
 80s goodness. atomic tom covers human league. check it out this video:  
 glee zombies make me smile  
 RT  Free super bowl Buffet, roast beef, quesadilla, pizzas, poppers and more! Get some eats and a seat quick 
 Richmond's 21st century identity | Richmond Times-Dispatch  
 dear  very disappointed. no red spree in my spree roll. 
 Logo Design Gone Wrong:  via  
 obsessed with this site: Goof Stock Press & Bindery  
 34 typographic sins:  
 never ship art files while hopped on allergy meds. in my fog, forgot to convert spot to CMYK. rookie mistake. 
 I love the caesar salad   
 possible roller skating adventure tonight
  hi amanda. i love that your dog blogs. fantastic.
 need some luck. wedding venue negotiations. found a great space. pray they accept our offer. 
 I nominate  for a Shorty Award in  because...he's interested. 
 CALL FOR ARTISTS! JTCC's Fool for Art:  
 great idea: Simple living rejects idea we must constantly consume to economically thrive & individually be happy.  RT 
 Book Review: Remake Your Life & Regain Your Soul With The 100 Thing Challenge.  via 
 no couples bowling tonight thanks to someone's cold. will miss hanging w/ some of my fav people.
 lola's asleep and still makes noise. this cat never shuts up. 
 wedding rings purchased today. some to-do tasks are easy.
 wedding venue indecision continues.  you're overpriced & too traditional.
  thx for response. glad it was only a homeless man grilling in a neighbors yard. dumb to leave grill unattended to buy hotdogs. 
 nothing says good morning like firemen wandering behind your house. 
 wish i could stay in bed. not off to a good start today. 
 great seeing C1 alum  tonight at legends. to my tumblr buddies, i promise to use my acct more and keep you lot employed. 
  see you night to welcome  to 
 get inspired  
 on a positive note...the king's speech is delightful. very entertaining.
 dear  terrible customer experience. trying to fix issue w/ bill. website + call ctr no help. 70min wasted so far. 
 dear  terrible customer experience. your rep promised lower tv/internet bill. my new bill $15 more than last.  
 dear  thx for the terrible customer experience. 40min wasted thx to your computer's nightly updating 
 RT  Thousands of Egyptian Muslims Show Up as "Human Shields" to Defend Coptic Christians From Terrorism 
 debating on attending the Richmond Bridal Showcase today. could i really join that insanity? 
 Muppets do Kanye West's Monster:  
 researching how to conduct a video contest.
 You're invited! pillow fight today (1.1.11) in VMFA plaza for one minute and eleven seconds. BYOP! (RT  
 all 2010 photos & video archived. now computer can crash safely. 
 more video. very sad, but fantastic: last minutes with ODENhttp://bit.ly/fxyfjh ( - top 10 everything of 2010) 
 guess the films: 35mm  from  top 10 everything of 2010 
  thx for the tip
 Free Compliments  via 
 question for framers or artists: where's the best place to buy wood art panels? i need to mount ~100 photos.
 nothing says x-mas like horror movies + star wars marathon 
 wmbg x-mas done. onto front royal x-mas. 
 let the x-mas present opening begin. 
 x-mas vacation starts today 
 Help for those who use Comic Sans, inappropriately:  (RT  
 RT  How to transition from Delicious to Evernote 
 cute video. watch ed rondthaler on english spelling reform:   
  congrats! would've said happy anniversary earlier had i known you joined twitter.
 dinner at davis & main w one of my fav people 
 love it. many fab x-mas cards arrived today. 
 housed filled w scent of fresh-baked chocolate chips cookies. ruined by cat. 
 spent the day with the walking dead. 
 RT  (corrected link) Snow "chains" for road bikes using zip ties: 
 a little snow will not stop me approving vendor proofs. next stop...hot cocoa. 
  i'm having the the same day. enjoy.
 cool idea: richmond type map  
 living w/ a cookie making monster 
 snow in  love it. 
 RT  Snow is coming down in  You know what that means. Let's lose our minds. 
 a wknd of indiana jones movies. thx  
  thanks for the great holiday show today
  fabulous goodies, but not enough money to buy them all.
 first video project launched today 
  that's why malls should be avoided in dec
 ok  your billing guy promised same tv/cable service but at a lower price. took the bait. hope this isn't a trick.
 RIP.  kiled rudolph the red nose reindeer.  
 Tune your mood to merry with exclusive holiday music from Target.  
 food fight. my office mate is flinging noodles at me. 
 please send ideas: wedding venue in  that's fun, non-traditional and low cost (entire budget under 10K). thx.
 silliness...twitter + Am Revolution: We Hold These Tweets To Be Self-Evident [COMIC]  via  
 lunchtime learning: I'm attending  Social Media SIG 
 deliciousness. my guy sure knows how to make a chicken dinner. 
 kissing in every city  via 
 2010 National Geographic Photo Contest:  
 free downloads . help unlock a $15,000 trip around the world.  
 The Future of Advertising 
 sweet video: Frank's Marriage Proposal in Central Park  via  
 The draw for 5K in outdoor adventure gear has been unlocked at . Good luck to all who downloaded! 
 neat: adopt an obsolete word from the Oxford English Dictionary!  
 Opens tonight: Always…Patsy Cline at Cultural Arts Center  
 RT  You *are* a freak. The best man in the world will love you for exactly that. 
  welcome to twitter. now stop playing and get back to making videos.
 block surrounded by five fire trucks. building behind our row smoking. 
 5 hrs in the car today. fan to midlo to powhatan to chester to midlo to chester to home. 
 my day as a prop master, stylist and dog wrangler is done. 
 photoshoot 
 just discovered  
 day off. no plans. except to skip house cleaning. 
 Who's in? Full Moon Madness at John Tyler Midlo campus from 4-9pm. www.jtcc.edu/fullmoon 
  tonight
  fantatic art in     
 RT  Full Moon Madness raises money for JTCC students  ...
 Come out to  Friday night! Look for  10 little carved pumpkins sprinkled around Shockoe.
 RT  All sparkly and ready for their  debut...  
 InLight 2010 comes to Shockoe, includes restaurants 
 RT  all sparkly and ready for their debut... 
 I'm attending AMA-Richmond: Social Media SIG - Members Only -  
 dear red light runners at huguenot & robius, YOU SUCK. all 5 of you.
 fun with fonts:  
 frisbee golf 
 making glow-in-the-dark cats 
 109 Cats In Sweaters  
 Mule Design Studio’s Blog: Dear Gap, I have your new logo.  via 
 overheard: "in my next i'll be taller, thinner and have more hair. then i'll be dangerous." i lover senior citizens 
 RT  fresh litters of small art cats greeting the world over the next few weeks. Think: Glow-Kitties!  
  travel = inspiration 
 RT   are at  Find them!!     ...
 charles = awesome. tonight's reason...making homemade taziki and tabbouleh. 
  have fun celebrating
 Rally To Restore Sanity 
 Good read. Social Media: The New Battleground for Politics    
 RT  It's cat week  -- A whole week dedicated to our feline friends. Love it! (We so need to get a Lost Cat to Ell ...
 RT   ‘High-fructose corn syrup’? Never heard of it 
 FarmVille vs. Real Farms [INFOGRAPHIC]  via   
 tacos + karaoke 
 who has a drink glass i can knock over? 
 art show at crossroads closed wed am. new show goes up wed pm. 
  talented local artist w/ shows opening today  &   
 RT  OK. I will throw my hat into the ring in the debate over design awards. Here are my thoughts: 
   for delicious food & great collection of local art 
 check out  for a rainbow of    
 RT  Rainbow Lost Cats!!! RT  Follow tweets tonight as we start spreading rainbow  around   ...
  alyson's artwork is pretty awesome. can't wait to see the show. 
 RT  I wonder if there'll be any  RT  new artist for September First Friday! Her name is Alyson Pla ...
 A PSA from Cats 
 missed out on a game off duck duck goose. darn. 
 off to cause some trouble 
  best summer flick of 2010
 nice promo for last exorcism. tricky tricky mr. movie marketer.  via
 please be allergies. will be mad if anything interferes w/ my DC wknd fun. 
 fun with print vendors. love when they agree to specific delivery dates, then miss each one. 
 seen on drive home: man handcuffed in middle of road surrounded by 7 cop cars. that's a bad way to end a day. 
  awesome. thanks for giving your  great home.
 The Lost Cats Project | Richmond.com  via 
 interesting read from Good:  
 game night...long over due 
 Amazing Miniature Sculptures Carved From Pencil Tips | Inhabitat - Green Design Will Save the World 
 RT  Kind words for  &  on  blog. (A great  resource for  artists & supporte ...
 the mint lime-aide  is sooooo delicious. 
 RT  Positive Posters: a design competition without commercial constraints 
 USAA: contest to win a new car + 10K. 
 for iron chef fans:  
 RT  The Ghost of Magritte - Collage Art by Edvard Derkert  -->  <-- [     ...
  cool. mucha's Bieres de la Meuse is in my kitchen.
 attending  at barksdale thur night. nominate  for  .
 when your boss breaks out the urban dictionary, you know the meeting's getting interesting
  thx for the heads up on nick's latest flick
  participating in the Creative Kindness Throwdown exhibit. guinness will follow tonight's opening.
 designer nightmare: collecting sponser logos. please send high-res art in color & b/w. no, low-res jpgs will not work in print.
 RT  Good luck to  &  May the best creative inspire. Long live   
 RT  The  wall explaining 3 years of free art & creative kindness in  & around the world:    ...
 Creative Kindness Throwdown starts tomorrow. 6-9pm at Crossroads Art Center. Excited to meet and greet.
 brainstorming in barnes and nobles. 
 meanwhile, kroger selling 2 liter sodas for 49¢. must by 10.
 people wandering kroger to  promote their new church. here's a tip: shorten your pitch and don't forget to say church's name.
  great quote
 this week all about making websites and preparing for the  i'll sleep next week.
 RT  check out the    story in the new issue of   ...
  Looking forward to the  and our friendly competition.  
 making small art cats tonight
 Excited about this week's Art Throwdown. 5 days until show opens. 
 attempting to spell my name correctly when signing my artwork. more sleep needed. 
 finalizing art pieces for next friday's  show opening 
 Six Rules For Website Design | Inc.com 
 banditos + karaoke. no singing, just moral support. 
 goodbye snook. 
  let's talk partnering on design projects. next round of pho on me.
 Country hip hop dancing:  
 fruit punch + power cord do not mix. breaking out the sham wow. 
 You Never Know Where Kindness Ends 
 finalizing small art for upcoming   at crossroads.
 congrats  for getting listed on  Class of 2010 Superlatives 
 Lost Cats Project launched. Personal art project and exercise in art marketing. 
 RT  2 lost cats adopted. congrats to their new owners. check out their stories at . 
 more lost art cats posted today! check out  (RT  
 RT  fun day with  to launch new community art project  in support of  & the Crossroads  ...
  ditto on the fun day!
 new art project launches today:  joint effort with  to support  
 hey  who makes the tastiest margaritas?
 Could You Live for a Month with Only Six Items of Clothing?  ( stuff)
 working on new art project. ideas are flowing.
 insect artwork: 
 fever + sore throat. this sunday will be terrific. 
 Watching World Cup and manualing scoring pocket folders to hold business cards. 600 down, 1900 to go. fb
 off to AMA-Richmond luncheon 
 girls night at stuzzi 
 USA vs England  in Lego  
 first flyer squirrels game tonight. yep, baseball is as boring as i remember it. 
 brunch at  to celebrate my parent's 40th anniversary. 
  i'm not ignoring you. just nesting.
 RT  7am breakfast buffet Saturday morning to kick off a day of World Cup festivities at Sullivan's. USA vs England at 2:30  ...
 let's go 
 intrigued by the farmville + 7-11 cross sell 
 Is the internet making us quick but shallow? -  
 greek festival tonight  
 marclafountain.com: Federal Control of BP - › There are [increasing calls] for President Obama to put BP’s... 
 We're bidding to host WorldCup. Sign this petition and show the world we're passionate about soccer  
  you can never have enough shoes.
 ignoring tweetdeck has led to missed connections.  guess it's time to be more social. online + offline.
 making websites: personal portfolio + wedding. let the fun begin.
  welcome back to twitter
 interesting documentaty: The Last Beekeeper 
  re-enacted by cats in 1 minute:  
 Fun River City video:   
 sniffle. loosing my 2 favorites jacks in 1 week. goodbye mr shephard + mr bauer. 
 dear self: no more thought provoking tv after 9pm. mind raced until 3am. damn mysteries of lost. 
 happy girl. arrived today: tax return $ and first paycheck from new job 
 3 weeks into new design gig. so far, so good. fun work + fun team. gig ends in aug, so job search continues.
 all cats in 1 room. no one's growled for 2hrs. 
 nice leisurely walk home from bandito's after too many chips and margaritas. 
 celebrating cinco de mayo at banditos 
 arts in the park 
 impromptu dinner party. includes fancy folded napkins. 
 excited! starting part-time design job on monday.
 Check out Toolkits of Twitter apps on  
 off to  first social media SIG. wish my ama name tag wasn't lost in a moving box.
 off to the drive-in to see dragons and bounty hunters 
 off to spring badabing craft show  
 new doctor who tonight 
 i have thin mints. make me an offer. 
 craft show wknd: FOOL FOR ART  + SPRING BADABING  
 cat chase. possible evictions. 
 will the hammering next door ever stop? 
 Jimmy Fallon as Kate Gosselin!:  via   
   lost eps w/ desmond are awesome
 Check out this funny tshirt on  
 spring, where did you go? 88 inside. turning on ac. 
 all cats—including new one—in 1 room. no growling or hissing. 
 interview at 3:30. last minute prep. 
 head hurts from tonight's chuck e cheese adventure. 
 promised myself: finish my twitter lists
 ama richmond sm bootcamp done. making a plan to apply learnings.
 sitting by the fire  enjoying yummy house salad + prepping for interview.
 social media bootcamp + job interview + moving more stuff 
 trying to fit moving and today's  into my schedule. 
 attending ama's social media bootcamp today. excited to learn new ideas and meet new people. 
 oven on. first time since moving in. hee hee. 
   nice topic. about to start my own freelance design biz. welcome the advise.
 sweet. 2 job interviews set up. this week starting off nicely.
 countdown to sine and some JOK b-day fun 
