 Just about rear ended a Lamborghini. Heheh.
 Something to smile at...Sidney and Katja playing Just Dance 2 on the Wii.
 N
 Our GPS can't say "o". She says, "interstate 8 west 5 north bound" instead of interstate 805. Funny.
  Thanks :) That means a lot. We're very worried
  Me too.
  Don't know for sure yet but Hannah is pretty sick. She's at the vet's overnight for a blood transfusion and tests.
  Lol. I did. Was starting to feel woozy. Much better now. I was at 2 different vets all day with my dog.
 Just realized I haven't had anything to eat since a slice of toast this morning at 10. No wonder I'm not feeling so good.
 . Hey!! Thanks for the 
 Hannah is very sick. I'm at a specialty vet clinic with her now. Very worried.
 If you are a  or a  & don't have your e-mail address on your website (not a lousy for… (cont) 
 New Blog Post!! 12 Things I Don't Understand: In no particular order. Just jotting (is that possible since I'm t... 
 If you haven't already, you should check your  acct. New pricing plan takes effect 9/1 whether you like it or not.
 From  " You watch, something will turn up..now that you have made space for it..." Something I really needed to hear today.
 I need something to feel excited about again.
 Camp Lejeune Marine Asks A-Lister To Ball, She Says "I'll Do It": 
 How's come the output far exceeds the input when drinking coffee??
 RT  Excellent question  What do you think you would do? 
 So I got a Google+ invite. Have no idea what I want to do with it. In how many social networks does one need to be active?
 I have work to do today. Oh! The unfairness of it all!!!!!!
 New Blog Post!! Smokin': Random picture of Bailey because you're insane if you think I had the presence of mind ... 
 Have a kids party today. Don't really think I'm looking forward to it too much.
  Sure thing! We're just having pork tenderloin though. Nothing fancy. ;)
  Staying in. Grilling on the patio.
 AC running + door standing wide open = Base Housing. Hehehehe.
 Nixed lunch with the hubs. He's stuck in a meeting & i'm still in my pj's. 
 Funnily enough, mine doesn't spell anything.  RT  Does ur phone number spell anything? Find out:
 Ooooh!! I have followers! Thanks for making me feel loved. :D
  I could say the exact same thing when it comes to work and wine. ;)
 My dream house, lol.  House of Shelves  via 
 Word of the Day:  vituperate \vye-TOO-puh-rayt\ 
 New Blog Post!! After 15 Years, He Can Still Surprise Me: I chose this picture because it cracks me up every tim... 
 HOW TO: Get the Most Out of the iPhone Camera's HDR Functionality [PICS] 
 New Blog Post!! Check it Out! It's New!: I'm trying out something new. I hope it's fun and will end up being a r... 
 I don't think the sun came out at all today here in  :(
 RT  "Rest In Peace Marketing: I Never Really Liked You Anyway" Great post via  
 The Unfortunate Ignorance Of The Weiner Media | Social Media Explorer 
 So, I won a $100 AmEx giftcard from  this week. How lucky am I?? I didn't actually believe it until I picked up the card, lol.
 RT  Why Working Outside Your Home Can Save Your Business 
 RT  4 Tips to Maximize Your Twitter Marketing 
 Almost cut myself twice chopping veggies for dinner. And that was BEFORE I poured myself a glass of  ;)
 Check out Groupon's daily deal - huge discounts on the coolest stuff in your city... 
 Doing the bills. Then I'm going to treat myself to a well deserved glass of wine. I'm gonna need it.
 Been on the hunt and have found some fantastic wine people to follow.  My list is by no means complete, but here it is 
 Just listened to the author  talk about his new book. Very interesting stuff. Great speaker.  
  My pleasure. I enjoy reading your work at home opportunities and passing them along to others.
 RT  Work-at-Home: Social Media-Facebook-Web Design Pro Job | Work at Home Mom Revolution - 
 Just found Napoleon's Pyramids on my  by William Dietrich that I don't remember buying. Nifty. I hope it's good.
 Why You Can't Say "Twitter" Or "Facebook" On French TV  via 
 RT  7 museums offering 1/2 price admission this month:  
 RT  8 FREE ways to spend this weekend in  
 RT  GE Retail Finance is hiring a work-at-home customer service rep! Great telecommute job opp! 
  Lol. I think it would be a well deserved reward for moving and unpacking.
 RT  Do you like playing Golf? Do you support our Military? Here's an opportunity to do both of those at the same time.... ht
  Yay! Fantastic moving discovery. I don't have any of the seasons on DVD...yet!!
 New Blog Post!! Retro TV:  Mad About You: Even before I became obsessed with Friends, I was a huge fan of Mad Ab... 
 Sage advice.  RT  If you're having a long tough day, take a deep breath, close your eyes, and smi… (cont) 
 RT  Sportsgraphic: A History Of Ohio State's Rules Violations 
 RT  My Tweeted Times  - top stories by   
 RT  Outsourcing to Entrepreneurial Service Providers  via  < can it work?
 RT  There Are 101 Reasons to Feel Like a Bad Mother – Why You Should Ignore All of Them by  
 Trying to have an original thought this morning. I think I need some coffee first, heheh.
 RT  The Glenn Beck Show to end June 30 
 RT  NEW POST: Want to Grow a Loyal Fan Base? Four Experts Tell You How 
 RT  New Post:  How To Stay Motivated As a Blogger 
  You are funny! Thanks for following so I could follow back. ;)
  I do consulting work for small - medium biz & non profits. And I'm very lucky to be able to work from home. ;)
 RT  Hey San Diego Golfers - Golf with a Hero event, June 8th ...
  I need to find a  . Sounds like fun. ;)
 Groupon Files for $750 Million IPO  via 
 RT  Come to "Camp Pendleton Mud Run" Saturday, June 4 at 9:00 am until <br />Sunday, June 5 at 12:00 pm. Let's get ...
  Working from home to cut down on emissions, extra office space, electricity, etc. I also keep all my correspondence digital.
  Thanks so much. :) I need it.
 Grow a pair and hit send. This is what I'm telling myself as I sit staring at an email I typed up 2 hours ago.
 Wow.  I am so angry right now my hands are shaking. Should have skipped working today and sat on the patio with a book. 
 Good advice. RT  Never complain about your fee or prices, if you think your worth more charge more!   
 Gorgeous day in  . Wish I had outdoor things planned instead of conference calls all day. :/
 New Blog Post!! Fun Times Hiking: A lizard on the trailHiking is one of our favorite outdoor activities. Lucky f... 
 Check out Groupon's daily deal - huge discounts on the coolest stuff in your city... 
 RT  Let's see if we can get  to 1,000 followers by the end of the day! RT please!
 Hells yeah.  
 New Blog Post!! Burn Out and Taking Time Off: The Pier at Avila Beach, CABurnout, specifically where work is con... 
  omg!!! That's crazy.
 Sampled 30 different wines from 4 different wineries and 4 beers from 1 brewery today.
 Just saw a panhandler with the sign:  traveling, broke, & ugly.
  Love them!
 Living in  I signed up. We'll see how it goes.  A First Look at Facebook's New Deals 
 TweetDeck Releases Major Upgrade to iPhone App 
 No. I was in a hurry.
 What Are The Best Social Media Monitoring Tools? [Infographic] 
 Ugh!! Get it together!  RT:  Due to issues with upstream providers,  is down. We regret inconvenienc… (cont) 
 RT  ACO Conference 2011 will be here in just over a week!! Who else is excited??  
   I sure hope you plan on writing a blog post or making a list when you get replies. I could use some recommendations. ;)
 Starved! Didn't realize lunch time was here.
  I've told her no many times. She doesn't listen.
 New Blog Post!! Shut Up and Don't Nag Me About This: The title...My exact words to the Oldest child when she ask... 
  Geez! What a pita. I'm soooo close to dropping my cable too. Just have to figure out how the hubs can watch sports in HD. ;)
 Dinner's in the crockpot. Momma don't have time to cook today. 
 Would you pay $300 for something and then not bother to make sure that you get what you paid for? 
  Fabulous San Diegans! 
 RT  Science shows using Facebook is like cuddling 
 Working on a deadline. Good thing I do my best work under pressure. ;)
 RT  We’re Hiring! Full Time Customer Service Pro  from  
 DFAS uses FB to update service members on the status of their pay after the averted govt shutdown.  
  Thanks for the RT :)
 4 Reasons a Remote Workforce Might Be Right for Your Startup 
 9 Companies Doing Social Media Right and Why 
 RT  10 Things to Do Before Launching Your Blog | Small Business Trends 
 10 Ways to Find Blogs You'll Love 
 The multiple crises we had at home today made me wish that I worked in an actual office and not from home. 
 9 Digital Marketing Lessons From Top Social Brands 
 RT   at Ben & Jerrys.  down at  in support of  
 HOW TO: Spread Your Business Footprint Around the Web 
 Verizon Customers, Say Goodbye to 1-Year Contracts 
  San Diegans. ;) Padres v. Dogers this weekend. And the Gaslamp Quarter is always happening.
 5 Steps To A Landing Page That Converts Like Crazy : Marketing :: American Express OPEN Forum  via 
 Find out more about "Poke the Box" from Seth Godin by subscribing to the  blog  
 5 Ways a Shutdown Would Hit California | NBC San Diego  via 
 Someone needs to invent Beano for dogs.
 Gov't shutdown could mean pay freeze for military families - KFMB Channel 8 - cbs8.com 
 Top 5 Web Design Mistakes Small Businesses Make : Technology :: American Express OPEN Forum  via 
 Me too!! RT  What I meant to say is- You know "what" I hate more in the world than packing? UNpac… (cont) 
 U.S. to Use Facebook, Twitter to Issue Terror Alerts - FoxNews.com  via 
 Didn't realize that BlogHer '11 was going to be here in San Diego this year. I MAY just be able to go to my 1st conference.
 RT  How to Work with a Virtual Assistant: A Guide for Freelancers 
 Just read: How To Use Forums To Generate Content Ideas  via 
 7 Worst Twitter PR Fails, Spy on Facebook and Other Links 
 Did you know that April is the Month of the Military Child? 
 5 Tips for Training Remote Employees 
 (What it could mean to the hubs is 1 week of pay. Nice.) What a Government Shutdown Means to You - Yahoo! News 
 7 Blogging Mistakes That Small Businesses Make  via 
 Must.Have.Coffee.
 (Love Rule  How to Create Content That Engages Prospective Customers | Social Media Examiner 
 Gas on MCAS Miramar is now up over $4.00/gallon. Out in town, it's even higher. How crazy is that??
  Geez! You sound like me. I ask that question ALL the time. I have a 14 yo daughter that I actually pay attention to.
 I'm so tired of reading so called "guides" on how to do this or that when the articles don't actually SAY anything useful. 
 Padres home opener today! Woot!  
 RT  Cheer on the Padres today at 3:35pm at Oggi's Pizza & Brewing Company- Liberty Station!  Wear your Padres jersey... ...
 San Francisco set to vote on Twitter tax break - Yahoo! News 
 Got in a workout, doing some work for clients...Attempting to be productive instead of doing what I really want to do: take a nap. ;)
 New Blog Post!! The Wrath of Mom: You know how I hate Mondays, right? Well, tomorrow is going to be a particular... 
 Dinner is marinating and the smell is making me HUNGRY!!!
 New Blog Post!! Welcome Back! We're Staying Put: This is a long overdue post. The Mister arrived home from Afgha... 
  Ah. I see. Go for it, I say. People are still reading blogs. Maybe not as much, but they're not totally outdated.
  I think they still do but in an RSS reader. So, is it really worth it to revamp a blog website as… (cont) 
  Congratulations! I'm very happy for you, your husband, and your baby girl!!
 I wish the APA had a hotline. How do you cite a section of a book that is contained within a book that contains several books?
 Good, Better, Best: 3 iPhone Apps for Finding Cheap Gas 
 Kk
 The New Stay-at-Home Mom - Moms Who Work at Home - Parenting.com 
 Video chatting with the hubs. The internet connection out of Afghanistan doesn't suck for once.
 RT  Work-at-Home Community Moderator Job with LEGO Universe  via 
 Yesterday, my dog ate 1/2 a cake off of the counter. Today, she puked all over the living room carpet. Someone remind me why I love her!!
 Yay!! RT  Exclusive First Look: UNITED STATES OF TARA's Season 3 Trailer! 
 RT  RT   Military families, a 7-nite $349 vacation deal at vacation club 4 armed forces is just a  ...
  Yes. Prefer coke out of a fountain though. Pepsi tends to be too sweet.
 RT  Support our troops with cookies! Check out Operation Thin Mint via  
 New Blog Post!! Multitaskers Unite!: Random picture:  OBX, NCThere are some people who believe that multitasking... 
 5 Reasons To Create A Facebook Fan Page AND 5 Reasons Not To | Search Engine Journal  via 
 RT  I was recently invited to a Pox Playdate. Would you purposefully give your kids chicken pox?   ...
  Heck no! And my kids have been vaccinated and I still wouldn't take the chance.
 Me either! RT  11 days away!    RT  Just boug… (cont) 
 Winter weather in SoCal. Have to entertain myself so the gloomy weather doesn't bring me down.
 Just deposited my paycheck using my phone. How nifty is that?
 I forgot to schedule time for lunch today. Oops.
 5 hours and counting without power. unbelievable.
 The power better come back on before Parenthood comes on.
 New Blog Post!! Foot Woes: ("Random Picture" This is a rain storm that I could see in the distance from my backy... 
 New Blog Post!! An Open Letter: I found this on my computer today while I was looking for another file. I wrote ... 
  lol. How did you miss that?
 Verizon Finally Unveils iPhone: 
 Just killed the ugliest spider on my living room floor. Where's a man when I need one?
 My house is about 1000 degrees inside. Had to open windows & turn on fans. 
 The amount of people that can't/won't do things for themselves amazes me. 
 New Blog Post!! Being Touchy Feely: This has been one of the top news stories the past few weeks:  Pat downs and... 
 4 Things to Know About Dexter's Final Four Episodes  via 
 My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Two Door Cinema Club (9), Tokyo Police Club (6) & Phoenix (2)  
 New Blog Post!! Hello Old Friend: Our Thursday meme brought to you courtesy of Booking Through ThursdayWho would... 
 My Top 3 Weekly  artists: The xx (4), Miike Snow (4) & Tokyo Police Club (3)  
 Do you still use a phone book? Or even have 1 in your house?  
 It seems like wasted effort to shave my legs then put jeans on. TMI, maybe, but true nonetheless.
 I'm glad I put that extra blanket on my bed last night. It was chilly overnight here in San Diego.
 Happy Birthday Marines!
 Just ordered my wine for Thanksgiving dinner. I ordered enough that I won't notice if I forget the turkey, heheh.
  Open up a boutique! It'd be a fun biz venture.
  Are the Thanksgiving wine picks listed in order of fave to least fave?
  Gosh! Isn't that the truth. ;)
 This has been such a Monday. I'm glad it's almost over.
  I'm with you there. I've barely been able to get thru a single episode this season. Kinda sad.
 New Blog Post!! I Knew It Wouldn't Last: So I'm all out of the running for NaBloPoMo. I figured I wouldn't make ... 
 RT  Worrying about the holidays? Take our Caregiving Class, Making Your Own Holiday Magic; register here: 
 I just love getting phone calls from my kid's teacher telling me she didn't turn in her homework. 
  Lol. Yeah. My problem is that I'm on a social media burnout. I need motivation/inspiration to tweet/post regularly again.
 I'm behind. RT  RT  How often should you be tweeting? 22 tweets per day is the optimum. 
 RT  6 Careers You Can Do From Home!  Yahoo News 
 I miss liquid caffeine. There. I admitted it out loud.
 Could not be looking forward to my day less.  
 My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Jack Johnson (5), Everclear (4) & The Beatles (4)  
 New Blog Post!! Swimming in November: We've been having beautiful weather here in SoCal. Considering the downright... 
 New Blog Post!! Should I? Can I?: November is supposed to be National Blog Posting Month. I don't even think I att... 
 New Blog Post!! Handy Tip: I’ve been searching for a solution to a certain problem of mine for the better part of ... 
 New Blog Post!! Temporary Post Used For Theme Detection (834a1a90-75c2-4513-b647-12cb72d6c74a - 3bfe001a-32de-4114... 
 My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Two Door Cinema Club (10), The xx (9) & Tokyo Police Club (8)  
 Getting my car smog checked in CA so I can renew my registration in NC. What a pita.
 New Blog Post!! Bailey's Saga or The Murphy's Law of Deployments: The original surgery  If you’re familiar at all ... 
 RT  SoCal Judge Ends Don't Ask Don't Tell 
  
  It's scary. 2 kids were shot in the arm. My heart goes out to the parents at that school.
 Mercury spill under investigation at Mission Bay High School - San Diego - KFMB Channel 8 - cbs8.com 
 School shooting at Kelly Elementary in Carlsbad - San Diego, California News Station - KFMB Channel 8 - cbs8.com 
 Totally scary day at area schools here in the San Diego area.
 I’ve created my profile at about.me! Check me out:  and sign up at .
  No you're not. I'M the meanest mom ever. [echo of slammed doors from last night]
 Why don't I know any lawyers?
 1st week of class & my accounting homework is already kicking my butt. This doesn't bode well. :/
  Lol. I don't know what the summer's been like for you, but down here in SD, it's been COLD! It got up to 97 here 2day.
  I hear ya there. It's all I can do to make myself stay up past 7 pm. I'd rather just go to bed than deal with trying to be normal.
 My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Phoenix (3), The xx (2) and Miike Snow (1)  
 Just got an e-mail from my kids' school advising me to dress my kids for the "extremely high temps 2morrow". Our forecasted high is 84 lmao.
 My dogs REALLY hate the dog next door. I think if there wasn't a 5 ft privacy fence between them, they'd probably kill each other.
  Oh then I'm not too behind the times. :) I'm sure you'll get a slew of followers. Looking forward to your FB updates.
  Really? I was one of your 1st 5? Awww. Nifty.
  Parenthood is a fave with my entire family. It's a "must DVR" show. Good choice! Community is good too. Off the wall humor.
  I liked you. I would've done it sooner had I realized you had a FB page. I love your tweets & blog posts.
  Ugh. I'm not there yet. Next year though. This thought scares me as a parent, lol.
  What motivates me to clean is the threat of embarrassment should someone stop by unannounced & see my house dirty, lol.
  That's tough. I'll pick 3:  Parenthood, Chuck, Community. In that order. Lonestar is looking like it won't make it.
 Karma boomerang. Love it. 
 Yay!!! RT  Breaking news: Showtime renews Weeds and The Big C. More to come...
 RT   Residents  Tuesday tomorrow:    Mingei & SDAI. SD Residents w/id, Act. Mil & dep'nt
 RT  GR8  deal: Buy a regular-priced home game ticket, get 2nd for $1! www.padres.com/promo & enter promo code CHEER.
 If  is listening, you need to send the series premier of  to Marines in Afghanistan. They'd LOVE to see it!
 I've managed to anger an entire group of Marines 1/2 way around the world by watching the premier of Boardwalk Empire when they can't. Lol
 RT  Whooping Cough Immunizations     
  That's so funny. If my hubby attempted to fix a toilet, he'd be walking around wet & cursing up a storm. ;)
 Sitting at the post office waiting for it to open. 1st trip of many for the next 6 months I'm sure.
 1 in every 14 people in the world are on Facebook according to the Today show. Wow. That's insane to think about.
 Chuck Preview Videos  via 
 "65% of children in preschool will be employed in roles and jobs that don't exist today [Australia's Innovation Council Chairman]" Carroll
 My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Lily Allen (2), Gorillaz (1) and Jack Johnson (1)  
 . 's website sucks just a little bit. I've had to hit back on my browser several times trying to check out. Still trying.
  Lol! Thanks for the reminder.
  Oh geez. That just makes me want to crawl in a hole & hide.
 Trying to be better about regularly blogging is hard! Coming up with content is my biggest challenge. What's yours? 
 Are you in the market for time tracking & invoicing software? I've tried out several. Read my thoughts here:  
  I'll check it out. I'm always on the lookout for apps to improve my biz. Thanks!
 5 Ways to Track and Invoice Your Time:  MS Excel: A look at how to use MS Excel as a time tracker for your busines... 
 Read my thoughts on Toggl in my 5 part series on time tracking software. 
  Lol. That's true. I have lower expectations when it comes to big companies & corporations though.
  I want to do it myself. I love learning new things when it comes to the Internet & technology.
  ...to  replies and DM's. I also think it's a good idea to add in unscheduled tweets as well. IMO, u should be real on Twitter
  I don't have anything against scheduled tweets either. However, I do object to people that can't take the time to reply...
  Nope. There is a lot of automation, less replying back to  replies & DMs, and a lot more hard selling these days.
  I'd like to know how to customize and/or build my own theme/layout.
 Looking for a way to track your time? Read my 5 part series on time tracking software. 
  You have a very eye-catching user pic. You shouldn't ever change it. ;)
 5 Ways to Track & Invoice Your Time:  Toggl: A review of the time management tool, Toggl. Likes and dislikes and a... 
  Don't forget, Twitter is *social* media. Don't automate too much & reply back to DM's 
 I've had it for about 7 months, but I just now figured out how to do a print screen on my Mac, lol.
 Just had the best call with Susan Macintosh. Not only is she a marketing/PR genius, she's supportive & helpful on a personal level.
 New Blog Post!! 7 Things I Did to Take Back Sunday: Having the Mister gone this past week has been an adjustment. ... 
 6 Great Social Media Training Products: Ellen Britt's Ice Cream Social Media Sale
 Just finished instant messaging with the hubs who is in Kyrgyzstan. Missing him lots & hoping 6 months goes by fast.
  Wow.  8 updates in less than a minute. Nice
 Really enjoying my Social Media Ice Cream Social products from  So much useful, fun, & interesting info.
  That's awesome. I'm so excited for you and happy birthday. :)
 New Blog Post!! The Great Sandbox Challenge: The Mister left on his deployment yesterday. When I got home from dro... 
  awwww! Is she ok?
 OMG! The line to pick up my daughter's schedule is forever long.
 My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Foo Fighters (11), Jack Johnson (11) and The Beatles (9)  
 Funny Comics: Check out this post on Webdesigner Depot. Pay particular attention to the first one. I LOVE IT!!! We... 
 Getting my side dishes ready for Thanksgiving dinner tomorrow.
 Hmm. It's only 100 degrees out here in the desert.
 On the way out to the desert. Supposed to be 105 out there today.
 Top Chef Alex Reznik Interview  via 
  lmao. That's good to know.
 New Blog Post!! A Look at Military Life: Military wives are fat, lazy, and dumb.    Military wives cheat on their ... 
 Finally made it to the Angels game. Traffic made us miss the national anthem.
 Sitting in traffic on  the 805 headed to Anaheim for the ballgame.
 My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Jack Johnson (8), Everclear (4) and The Beatles (4)  
 Awake and working. Nothing like getting an early start to the day.
  How exciting for you!! :D
 New Blog Post!! Everclear Concert:    I’m a huge fan of the band Everclear. I have been since Sparkle and Fade. Th... 
 OMG. Had such a great time at Anthology with Everclear. They put on a fantastic show. My ears are ringing, lol.
 Coloring my hair now so that I can take a nap later. ;)
 Omg. I just got proof that more than 2 1/2 hours sleep is needed to function on a higher level than an ape.
  I've had tickets for months!! Couldn't be more excited that the show is in FOUR days!!
 Yet one more reason why I will NEVER tune into this channel.  RT  Oprah recruits Rosie O'Donnell. 
 My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Jack Johnson (39), blink-182 (13) and Lily Allen (8)  
  Nifty! When does it air?
  I don't either. And if it has to be every week, why couldn't it be on a Friday? Why a Thursday of all days?
 Don't know what it says about me that I'd rather get up and work than try to sleep in.
  My daughters' schools do that. They get out 2hrs early every week on Thursday.
 Harassing my sister to get her technologically-challenged butt on FB. Geez.
 RT  Work-at-Home: Voice Support Asisstants for EMBARQ 
 My life is spread out between 3 different computers. I seriously need to consolidate down to just one.
 Despite my personal life being crap this week, my work life is going along fabulously. I have a new title & a pay raise!
 RT  Instead of trying harder, have you ever considered you just need a different approach? An ADHD coach can help you find the way.
 This is terrible. My thoughts go out.  Report: 50 hurt in school bus accident - Yahoo! News 
 Social Media Marketing for Dummies – Get your free copy  on 
 Wonders about all the tweeps out there that tweet quotes constantly. I have no good (meaning positive) theories.
 New Blog Post!! It’s Nerdtastic: Have you ever been to an Apple Store? Not online but an actual real life, in pers... 
 I'm sitting on my patio with a book. That's right. It's 2'ish on a Wednesday & I'm taking the time to read a non-textbook.
  You're very welcome.
  Lol. I would say that's kinda outdated. ;)
 Don't be a workaholic...Set a timer to remind yourself to turn your work phone off at a set time everyday. 
 Trying out different time tracking/project management software for my Mac. So far I've tried iBiz & Fanurio. Like them both. How to decide?
 My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Jack Johnson (12), Fleetwood Mac (7) and Frank Sinatra (5)  
  Glad to do it. Happy Friday to you too!
  LOL  the too garden-y salad. Still, overall it sounds like he liked it & I'm glad. I hope you guys get lots of chances to go.
  Totally fair. I have 2 kids. When I get the chance to go out w/out them, I don't want other people's kids screaming in my ear.
 Tip of the Day:  Stay on top of your e-mail. It's tedious, it's time consuming, but don't let it get away from you.
   Lol. What a dare devil. What did he think?
  Ok. Eew That looks un-yummy. Did you get David to go with you??
 Just had a water fight with the hubs and Morgan. In the house, lol.
 My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Jack Johnson (4), Frank Sinatra (3) and Metallica (3)  
 Yay! Going to  on Sunday. So excited!
 My latest article about Virtual Assistants vs. Online Business Managers.   
  Both. I have a Nook, love it, d/l books all the time. But if I'm in B&N, I still buy traditional books & enjoy reading them.
 RT  Will  smart-phone demand exceed local carriers' bandwidth?   
  It's definitely a drizzly, "June Gloom" kinda day. Can't imagine it dampening the spirits of opening day though!!
 RT  We Break for Summer! starts July 25. Details here:  Wanna be a sponsor? DM me.  
  Thanks!!
 RT  How to Create a Social Media Strategy for Your Business | Social Media Examiner 
 So much going on in  this week.  & the Del Mar races just to name the biggies. Whos' going to what?
 Training for QuickBooks today. Anyone ever taken QB classes before?
 Time for Twitter maintenance:  cleaning out my followers/following. It's something I recommend doing on a regular basis.
 Finally!! Last day of school for my kids. It hasn't felt like summer at all this year with them still being in school.
  Rubios is famous for it's fish tacos. Basically, it's fresh "Baja" themed Mexican, fast food. Very yummy.
  I've been on an  kick. Can't get enough of it lately. Great. Now my stomach is growling. ;)
 RT  Work-at-Home: Kelly Services Hiring Contact Center Advisers 
 RT  Work-at-Home: GE Retail Finance Hiring Client Service Reps 
 New Blog Post!! San Diego Comic Con 2010: No. I'm not going. I said this to the Mister, but I feel like a kid who ... 
  Me too! I couldn't get tickets for the days that I wanted.Opted to skip it for this year. Def going next year.  
 Yay! My call to my advisor was a success. I just switched majors. Woot!
 On hold with my academic advisor. Want to make some pretty big changes. Keeping my fingers crossed that it's possible to make them.
 Irritated that I can't use QuickBooks Online on Safari anymore.
 Everyone has guilty pleasures. One of mine is my love of Laurell K. Hamilton books.
 I've just updated my clients page to include the newbies. Check it out:  
 RT  HP is hiring telecommute customer service agents to work from home! 
 RT  Telecommute reservations agent jobs with Hilton Hotels! 
 Virtual Assistant vs. Online Business Manager: It was recently brought to my attention that I have, perhaps, a har... 
  1% milk ;)
 To the slime ball loser that tried hacking my Google acct...FAIL!
 Taking a minute, during the work day, NOT to work. (As I typed this, a work phone call came in. So much for that idea.)
 Loving  for my invoicing - check it out! 
  Hi! I just received your  reply today. Let me know what you have in mind though!! I'm interested.
 Playing dominoes with friends.
 Is it appropriate to teach 4th & 5th grade band students to play the song Tequila? Just wondering.
 My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Jack Johnson (4), Everclear (3) and Aerosmith (3)  
 I must be on a post-birthday high. I worked all day today and I'm still in a fantastic mood.
 Willing to bet my new vacuum cleaner could chew yours up and spit it out.
 My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Chris Hardwick (2), Frank Sinatra (1) and 311 (1)  
 There are police sirens & dogs yapping and howling, lol. What a racket. The howling is kinda funny though.
 Home from the DMV. I was there 3 hours. I'm ready for a nap and food.
 I guess if I have to stand in a line where I can't even see the end, at least it's outside in Socal on a nice day.
 My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Dave Matthews Band (2), Dido (1) and Madonna (1)  
 RT  The person who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on. via 
 It's late. I'd go to bed but I'm d/l something on my comp. It's at 73% & has been going for about 2 hrs. UGH!!
 My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Jack Johnson (4), Foo Fighters (3) and Incubus (2)  
 Put in some work, now it's time for some play. ;)
  Love it!! I got dressed not that long ago myself. The joys of working from home. ;)
 It's official:  I hate people with spam checkers for their e-mail. Spam is a way of life. Life with it & stop inconveniencing me.
 Dinner has been in the crockpot since noon. It smells delish and is making me starved!!!
 Note to self: Don't drink 2 cups of coffee & then do high impact aerobics. Not if you want to avoid puking up said coffee after workout.
 Campaign commercials are so annoying.
 It feels like a Monday.
 RT  Restaurant Tells Diners to Eat Up Or Be Fined and Leave  
 Paying bills sucks. That's it. The end.
 RT  Liberty Mutual seeking telecommute customer service agents! 
 E-mails are coming in faster than I can read & answer them!!
  Thanks! I got that tip from a friend last nite. I tried it & it took some of the heat out. My fingers burned for hrs!!
 Burned my fingers chopping jalapenos for dinner. And yes, I wore gloves. Have no idea how it happened but I'm pretty uncomfortable.
 My butt is dragging today. I need a pick me up.
 A new trailer for both Weeds & True Blood all in the same day. I'm in ecstasy.
 Margarita time. 
 Just had a long phone chat with my dad. It was nice to catch up.
  lol. Those days are way behind me.
  ur really grossing me out. ;)
  www.foursquare.com
  It's a social media thing where you can let people know where you're at and what you're doing. It's rapidly gaining popularity.
 I seriously don't think Foursquare is for me. I never go anywhere & the odd day when I do, I forget to "check in".
  Hey! Thanks for the  mention. You're fantastic!
 My Top 3 Weekly  artists: Lily Allen (8), blink-182 (5) and Gwen Stefani (5)  
  Twitter chat?
  Yay! It's a good show. Truly. I hope you guys like it.
 Being extremely social online today. I think I'm missing people.
 RT  Seamus is missing from his doggie home in  Have you seen him? 
 Does anyone use this? TrueTwit 
 We're trying this for dinner 2nite:   We've never had fish tacos before so we'll see how it goes.
 RT  How's ev1 feel about FB new privacy features?  Do they ease your concerns?
 RT  Win an Alice in Wonderland DVD Combo Pack!  Who doesn't love Johnny Depp? 
 Sounds so fun!!! RT  Aug 14   Tickets on sale June 1st   
 Why oh why can't more websites have a "Contact Us" link of some kind?? I don't need a face to face. An e-mail addie would work.
  Hmm. I didn't feel that one. We must be in different parts of the county. :)
 Heading to the  game on Saturday. Can't wait. Need to get out & do something fun. AND we'll get the 2nd bobblehead, heheh.
 RT  Have you seen Scout? He was  in the 92124 area of  
  No problem. My daughter is often of bullied by other kids. I know how terrible & heartbreaking it can be.
 My summer semester starts 6/1 and I still don't have my final grades from the spring semester. :/ WTeff
 Just about rear ended a Lamborghini. Heheh.
 Something to smile at...Sidney and Katja playing Just Dance 2 on the Wii.
 N
 Our GPS can't say "o". She says, "interstate 8 west 5 north bound" instead of interstate 805. Funny.
  Thanks :) That means a lot. We're very worried
  Me too.
  Don't know for sure yet but Hannah is pretty sick. She's at the vet's overnight for a blood transfusion and tests.
  Lol. I did. Was starting to feel woozy. Much better now. I was at 2 different vets all day with my dog.
 Just realized I haven't had anything to eat since a slice of toast this morning at 10. No wonder I'm not feeling so good.
 . Hey!! Thanks for the 
 Hannah is very sick. I'm at a specialty vet clinic with her now. Very worried.
 If you are a  or a  & don't have your e-mail address on your website (not a lousy for… (cont) 
 New Blog Post!! 12 Things I Don't Understand: In no particular order. Just jotting (is that possible since I'm t... 
 If you haven't already, you should check your  acct. New pricing plan takes effect 9/1 whether you like it or not.
 From  " You watch, something will turn up..now that you have made space for it..." Something I really needed to hear today.
 I need something to feel excited about again.
 Camp Lejeune Marine Asks A-Lister To Ball, She Says "I'll Do It": 
 How's come the output far exceeds the input when drinking coffee??
 RT  Excellent question  What do you think you would do? 
 So I got a Google+ invite. Have no idea what I want to do with it. In how many social networks does one need to be active?
