  Hey,  tweeted it to the world. 
  Wow, that picture should be listed  in the dictionary definition of: Bus, thrown under. 
 Have you ever wondered why HAL 9000 sang "Daisy?"  via  to celebrate Birthday of Stanley Kubrick.
  When is Words with Friends training? cc 
 This is good and funny!  Slaughtered sparrows simile wins bad writing contest - books - TODAY.com 
  wow, banana peel and now this. It looks like a lovely morning indeed!
 RT   For alternatives to expensive popular software
  if you had to deal with the idiots he has to deal with.....
 Just saw a Mercedes Benz commercial for the C300 and I swear the driver had a black shirt on with cactus motif.   
  go watch at house of  or 
  check with  she is a racoon as house guest savant!
 RT  All the power-hungry, handcuffed-to-business pols should be forced to listen to 'Kind of Blue' for 3 days straight. The ...
  Mike McCarthy 
 DD: Dad, will Mom know if I use her earphones?
  I hear a creaking sound that may lead to a larger cracking sound.  Me thinks GOPers are getting chilly feet.
  Your glasses look like these glasses:   Coincidence? I thing not!
  sounds like an MLC conundrum!
  Is it true if US debt crisis explodes & debt ceiling not raised, you will convert all your US retirement money to Canadian Loonies?
  I feel relieved enough to delay, not suspend, my plan to avert the debt crisis by converting savings to Canadian dollars.
 RT  Call ur U.S. senators 2day  & ask them to co-sponsor the Strengthening Kids’ Interest in Learning & Libraries  ...
  I cried over no coverage of OTAs that focused on de3veloping young talent and the daily updates of stars rehabbing injuries.
 Who Knew? Lighter roast coffee actually has a higher caffeine content than darker ones!    
 WOW!  The Chart That Should Accompany All Discussions of the Debt Ceiling - The Atlantic:  via 
  "This is no longer a vacation. It's a quest. It's a quest for fun. I'm gonna have fun and you're gonna have fun."
  Is there a penalty when the fox gobbles up your ball?
  Who's the moosiest moose we know?
  like Dimaggio's streak, when you get to the mid thirties, then it gets interesting.......
   "Happy Monday! Hope Your Caffeine Is Enough to Run Your CPU!"  via 
  you are a stellar disciplarian.
  it is great!
  He needs to be on Shifted Learning cc  
 Watching "Lego Star Wars: Padawan Menace" on Cartoon Metwork with son.
 Rhubarb crunch with ice cream tonight after dinner.
  sort of nostalgic for a Stanley Cup too, I'd guess.
   lile a custom engraved allen wrench
  baby steps.
  THE only baseball game you could get was the Saturday Game of the Week
  the news ended with " "Good night, Chet. Good night, David."?
  you spent a summer watching   and others testify & Watergate was still just and office/apt complex?
  the Chicago Police beat the snot out of "hippie" protedters at the Dem Convention?
  any team from  won a Stanley Cup?
  you forgot..."and waited days for the prints to get here"
  Doesn't Favre realize the Eagles off line got 2QB dinged last year?
   ran Disk Inventory X, tells me I have 87 Gig used, but my Get Info says 107 used. Grrrrr!
  will you say that when you have two teens and one prei-menapausal wife om your hands in 16 years?
  most couples do french maid thing. You go for tow truck driver! Nice.
  pretty picked over, but everything is 75% off sale price so pant are like $3. Always 3rd Th-F-Sa in July!
  Duluth Trad Co tent sale in Belleville today.
  nice. Checked but still missing a wacksack of hard drive space.
  maybe a squirrell or back legs. Search under hostas. I lost one a few weeks ago, will find it in fall.
   A Classic Nicklaus, Palmer used it in 60's and Crenshaw at 95 Masters. Mickleson uses modern one 
 Need Mac Help! 120 Gig MBP Get Info say only 3 Gig left, but I can only account for 85 or so gig? Any suggestions? 
    I have used a Ray Cook Classic Plus 7 for 15 years. Love the blade. Got it for $10 at Walmart closeout in Dec
  Cal Ripken (SS & 3B)
  was that really Pings or is Pings and iPhone autocorrect for Pinto?
  Hell hath no fury than a HS scorned!  Just think if you would have badmouthed the cheerleaders or FB team:o)
  no wonder  has been quite lately: Prepping for Summer Bachelor Week! w00t!
  tweet it like you did your vaca with the parents!
  ...if you have to ask...
  That is given since he is male. I don't know one female that doesn't shake her head at the things males do.
  If this was school, you'd be fired as your dog failed its one chance to prove he learned something.
   define "gets in trouble"  I got your back 
  ... And with that tweet,  goes into  withdrawl
  ........i am waiting for the  "you are below average" random cuss word joke.......
  MT The Assiniboia Curling Club will host the 2012 Sasktel Provincial Tankard Feb  1-5 
 The Great Bacon Odyssey: Bacon, the Other Crispy Brown Meat (GeekDad Wayback Machine) | GeekDad | Wired.com 
  given our weather this past week, gives new meaning to "Packing Heat"
 This is very simplified, but interesting RT  Political Left vs Political Right v1.5  
  If this thing blows up, Aaron Rodgers might have to follow NBA players' lead and play in CFL:) Grey Cup & SB back-to-back!
  Middle-age txt codes (2/2)
   Middle-age txt codes:
  I watch too   
  - hope for the 'Riders-- MT  Looks like Aaron Rodgers might have to follow the NBA players' lead and play in the CFL
 RT  No deal on jobless benefits; Dems slam delay  GOP spends $395/hr on partisan redist lawyers, not...
      
  but he DID look like you, from the snippet I saw:) 
  got the shakes yet? 
  do you watch Gene Simmons on Family Jewels on A&E?
   Or as dictated by politicians.
  thanks Nick. Your tweet is on the spot!
    
  True. 
  TWSS
 Flat marshmallows. Great for microwave 'smores.   
  ....he said affectionately even thought it was hard to understand with the foot in his mouth.
  The sight of all those limo's makes me happy that the Packers don't have to deal with that stuff!
  How many have we lost in that Time frame?
 MT  Good news on jobs! Read the story:  ....unless you are one of the 3500 public employees that lost theirs
  political poll baby, political polls! They still want creationism too.
  "taffy" ( 2008)
 I knew it:  is Canada's fault.     
   Christian, I would expect nothing less of you than to play, and maybe act, the part!
  you awoke early today.
  nice shoes
  It is a lovely blue.
    Love this Real Life Adventures strip on  
 Anyone with a social media/web 2.0 needs assessment? Our agency is  looking for an
 RT  I wish I could rebuild my brain's Desktop.
 RT  94% of public debt comes from 1) Bush wars, 2) Bush recession 3) Bush tax cuts.... " So cut Medicare? No!
  how about warming in the oven?
  no offense, but wouldn't your belly get in the way?
  Arctic? Extremist!
  shun them
   tell the you can Smeech twits too:) 
  check your gmail account
  can I take a look at it?
 Anyone with a social media/web 2.0 needs assessment? Our agency is taking baby steps!
  I left a comment on her blog and referenced your hand. You're welcome. 
  did you dream of shirtless Moose Jaw men?
 RT  According to our hack of Gordon Brown's phone, he does have Prince Albert in a can, but he won't let him out.
 This is a great illustration explaining how hot it is: 
   think of this opportunity as project based learning in Science.
  should mot it be bobbysoxs?
  Jane Austen?
 RT  Ah yes, heat humor. 
 RT  .  takes an even-handed look at what's going on in our world:  
 Facebook and the Epiphanator: An End to Endings? 
 Chocolate Bar Bedding: Bring On Sweet, Sweet Dreams | Incredible Things 
  btw, how many more boxes to unpack?
   but if it's in the yearbook, it must be right:)
   how about Resource Specialist?
  I know  is a paralegal who also has and educ background
 Hemmingway-The Old Man and The Pie; For Whom the Pie Tolls and A Farewell to Pie 
 Valley Of the Pies & Beyond the Valley of the Pies.  
 RT  The Pie Who Loved Me 
 RT  Pie Rats of the Caribbean 
 It's a Wonderful Pie  
 RT  "Sidekicks" are for heroes. "Henchmen" are for villains. "Sidemen & Henchkicks" is a law firm for anyone who can affo ...
  therapy covered by insurance   :)
   fail
  thought the hubby retired?!
  turkey brats or griliong in heat?
  probably still waiting for iMac with 3.5 floppy drive.
  about 5 years too late. 
  you have had an expensive summer. 
  Dinner with kids.        R O C K Y S  ( Rocky Rococo) 
  Wow, 19-14? What a surprise.:(
  Does your dog house have A/C?
  saw this from Atlantis Taverna (Sun Prairie) for Greek Sangria; thought of your post on reduce cal bevs! 
  to old people, BTW means Bring the wheelchair.
 RT  It's so hot in MadCity that lady Forward has raised both arms to try to catch a breeze.
  i figured he was helping OJ find Nicole's murder and the Tot Mom find Caylee's murder:)
 Power of Addiction: stepping outside in this heat/humidity to smoke a cig.
  testoserone?
 via  Numerically Controlled Sharpie Drawings 
  No prob. Parliament can always hire some  staff to hack the Murdoch's cellphones for add'l info:)
 RT  So cool! RT  Teaching the physics behind ‘Angry Birds’ 
 Marketing Lessons From Borders' Bankruptcy  via 
 Middle-age txt codes: IMHO-is my hearing aid on, ROFLACGU -rolling on floor laughing and can't get up, GHA-got heartburn again (2/2)
 Middle-age txt codes:
 RT  It's so hot and humid that flip flops only have enough energy to flip. 
 World’s worst theme proves Microsoft once had sense of humor  via 
  My apologies. Did not mean to offend.
     the next time you are at a mtg/conf and see a protective brown wrap on a cup, you will chuckle!
 RT  "They think of teachers as scientists and the classrooms are their labs"How Finland became an educational leader  ...
  3 year old Corn Hole prodigy 
 RT  DPI-sponsored volunteers serving Wisconsin children and communities 
   iPhone 4 survives fall from skydiver's pocket  
 RT  The wealthiest 400 people in America now own more wealth than the bottom 150 million Americans.  
  or you are signaling all the animals to hide ala Jim Carrey in Ace Ventura Pet Detective: 
 RT  I wonder if ace meteorologist  lies awake at night wondering what came first,the heat or the humidity?  ...
  either, since we are both spoken for.
  How does it feel to be the Irish golfer that paved the way for all the success of McDowell, McIllory and Clarke?
  Sadly, I don't see this happening for profs or ed tech professionals.
 RT  Review of The Tipsy Cow in Madison...thx for using Nueske's, Tipsy Cow. Check out the fried string cheese  ...
 Nice visual on using Google+ "No Grandma, That Isn't Where You Search for Things"  via 
  Starch in one's underwear!
   Heard that MB had a change order on your cars: "That Will Buff Out: He Likes Turtles"  via
 10 Craziest Parkour Fails - Oddee.com (parkour, free running...)  via 
 "Happy Monday! Hope Your Coffee Turns You On!"  via   cc    
 RT  Op/Ed: Paul Ryan's plan is popular — with insurance industry 
  Any tips to handle an unmotivated adult living at home? :)
 RT  Best way for CEOs to improve education: Create more jobs to parents.
 RT  Thanks to  for their continued work fighting the voter ID law in Wisconsin 
 Mother wins appeal to have 'poo poo head' book removed from school library  via 
 Just chill! Beat the heat with these ice cream factory tours:  via 
 RT  I've got a new book event planned for The Secret Ingredient in Madison. Check it out:  
  I hear the Royals are glad they are not ruining, er, running the country!
 Bummer: Shoppers fume over Sears' $69 iPad ad mistake:  via 
 RT  Smartphones to Help ADD/ADHD Adults Get Organized: 
  Still giddy after another Irishman won a major golf tourney, right?
  
  "Hotel Valley Ho" is interesting name for wifi. cc   
  So, can I load solitaire back on and what about Angry Birds? 
 This is interesting -- RT  Mailbag -- John P. Stoltenberg: NRA will help resist fascism in U.S.  
 RT  Hurricane Brett was aiming for Bahamas, but is going Favre and changing path. 
  Now I know how Sam McGee felt sitting in furnace by Lake Lebarge near Dawson Trail!   
  soggy or crispy right out of tje box?
 RT  Fun Fact: In Britain, the huge line of people waiting to resign over Murdoch hacking scandal is called a "queue."
  www.airbnb.com
 Now I know how Sam McGee felt sitting in furnace aside Lake Lebarge near the Dawson Trail!   
 I do remember when Disney Channel was not one big 24/7 promotion of its "stars"
  I confuse Edward and Percy. Not train-ist, but as they say about Thomas (No. 1): Cheeky!
 This is epic. 
  they got Bin Laden?
 I wonder if it's cooler if we convert to deg C instead of deg F?    
 After British Open and USA v Japan WC Soccer, how bout some Chinese food? ( Chang Jiang) 
 It's over. The disco ball is brought out. 
  soccer OT in WC is not sudden death.
 Oh My!
 Ian Drake with Rolling Stones bit! 
 RT  Chick-Fil-A donates to hate groups. Any time you spend money there, you should go home and donate the same amount to an eq ...
  woth you un-gay cable knit white cardigans?  Momyet?
 RT  MC Squirrel's law of physics: During a heat wave, for every action there is an equal bucket of sweat. Be safe out t ...
 RT  I ran into my ex today.. i put the car in reverse and did it again.
   
 Map of the U.S. According to Number of Residents Per Waffle House  via 
 Men, women and colors -- Let us explain them. - I Said Chartreuse, Honey! 
  Dog Leashes That Will Make You Drool %7C Incredible Things http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2FpqD8uk 
 RT  "It is not the employer who pays wages -- he only handles the money. It is the product that pays wages." - Henry Ford 
  Tuesday = 
    but no breathy female vocals.
   loved the FB post of you getting ready to ROCK OUT in yor white cable knit cardigan!  
       
 Wienermobile turns 75 on Monday 
 RT  The NFL will enact a rookie wage scale, prompting recent Ohio State graduates to ask to be let back into school to av ...
  lacrosse?
  re; "photo was taken in Saskatchewan, Saskatchewan" I thought Saskatchewan was in Canada? cc 
  You told me that  football was no big deal?
 RT  RT  What Book Will Fill Harry Potter Gap? 
 Legal Problem: North Dakota Might Not Actually Be a State 
  The 100 Twitter Rules To Live By  via 
  I want a double double w/timbits!
  so how cold is it in Singapore?
   - Tim Horton, the NHL player behind the brand name - Adrian Dater - SI.com  
  Hell, I could have given you an Apple pen, an Intel pen and and Intel cooler cup and I'm just in Madison.
  better: 
 Don McMillian explains how to tell what field someone works in by asking What is Pi?    
  I was waiting for the shark to munch the duck  
    or he could use the oil of a stinky banana.
  define hot and muggy.
  pls get 3 lbs lard, 4 lbs jerky, and a basket full of hard tack. Oh, and a couple of poultices and bottle of firewater. Obliged
  <clicks lighter to igntie flame> Duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuude! </clicks lighter to igntie flame>
 OH: "You use muscles when you swallow, right?" during a discussion on radio if competitive eating is a sport.
  The bigger question is can Minnesota residents drive to Hudson to purchase MillerCoors products!
  in case you get bored during the rain: "Golf Course Planker FAIL"  via 
  
     
  Rudolph? I didn't know Island of Misfit Toys had an 18 hole course. Watch out for snowmen! 
  Gandalf?
     Bacon Appreciation Night.  v Waterloo at the Duck Pond. Piggy Banks to first 500 kids!
 RT  Just asked Miguel Angel Jimenez about likeness to guy in Dos Equis ads. Had no idea what I meant. Least interesting in ...
  you forgot 
 RT  “ Poll: 59 pct disapprove of Wis. gov's performance ” people know Walker/GOP taking u ...
 Just heard a snippet of Cheap Trick's Dream Police on the PA. 
    This at the   game: 2 foot bratwurst. 
 Mallards Garden Gnome. You. Want One. 
 It is SRO at tje Mallards game tonight! Huge crowd!
 Maynard G Mallard Garden Gnome night at the Duck Pond. Go Madison Mallards! ( The Duck Pond at Warner Park) 
  prob a drive by checkin to throw us off
  sure you don't grow "ferns"?
 RT  The Internet is the world's largest library.  It's just that all the books are on the floor.~John Allen Paulos
  
  You mean  whose only job in summer is to  check in to places that serve sweets, alcohol and/or food?
 RT  Read and review Laura's non-fiction titles free this month! :: Teashopgirls:  via 
  was there a smilie face drawn on it too? 
  consistent w/ GOP insisting on local control, unless it affects them adversely. See schl referendum, Sept 1 start, etc.
  did you get patted down or groped during security searches and did you smoke a cig after such grope?
  you ever at home? although you are not out and about as muchas the mayor of SW Wisconsin, 
  do you take your in in the winter?
  no, didn't want to go to whole thing but was busy lusting after a drip irrigation system. thank you.
  I am still here.
  Check the ToS. for commercial or personal use, the age 13 applies. For edu use, it may not be in ToS. It's that way for Google Apps.
  gerrymandering is too nice. kingdom-making is more accurate.
  let  know in addition to lack of specificity, it was not peer reviewed in a respected print publication no one reads.
 RT  Parent pro tip: If it takes credit cards, just keep 'em walking.   NEW Zoo 
  it appears to me, Dean, that you need the Manslator.  cc 
  "according to you, everything"  would have left you with 111 characters:) 
  you on Google+ makes my day complete and my worries abated.
 I won an  garden gnome (). Will collect at MSN v Waterloo Bucks game tonight. Yes, I know you're jealous!
  cats could tweet 1 of 5 things: eating, sleeping, sleeping in sun, laying on keyboard, stalking owner to change litter box.
  watchin' World Cup soccer?
  How did the get the naked knee get-together go last night? 
 RT  Is this heaven? It's a hockey store in Canada!  
 Sign people have too much time on their hands, er paws: 1 in 10 Pets Have a Social Networking Profile [STUDY] 
 RT  Email=the modern era's Sisyphean task. What are we being punished for?
  just for you:)  cc  
  as a former journalism teacher, always have pen and small notebook in car just in case.
  splurge on a paid one, it's your birthday 
 Did you know  shares a birthday with Thoreau? To honor both, I thought about writing prompts while driving past a woods.
  especially if they grow those Civil War era beards and sideburns!
  :)
 RT   It's TUESDAY! yay!
  I will never troll again...in bed 
 Book release party: "The Secret Ingredient"  7pm.  ( Barnes & Noble Booksellers) 
 Taking DD TONIGHT!  ---  Book release party: "The Secret Ingredient" Barnes & Noble West, Madison, WI 7pm.  
  Here is the club  was misding: Redneck Repairs - Pass Me The 15 Wood Please 
  those numbets were centimeters not yards.
  Sweets. Alcohol. Restrauants.  
 RT  Cheddar Brats!   
  Tea Rex Tea Infuser 
  as if you can't communicate with them already via blog, email, phone, twitter or facebook.
  guess mowing the lawn is a 
  so what is the -82 in left corner for?
  so your hdcp is 5?
   that has RINGTONE all over it !
  note: Avoid watching Shark Week with him!
 Taking DD TONIGHT!  ---  Book release party: "The Secret Ingredient" Barnes & Noble West, Madison, WI 7pm.  
 Taking DD to this TONIGHT! Book release party: "The Secret Ingredient" Barnes & Noble West, Madison, WI 7pm.  Stop By!
 RT  Nothing found for 2011 07 12 Video-fan-makes-catch-falls-into-pool-and-saves-beer.. 
 Must be from Wisconsin! RT  Fan Makes Catch Falls Into Pool AndSaves Beer.. 
  but the guy who fell in the pool saved hi beer from spilling! Masterful! 
 . This. You. Confetti. 
 RT  Mother Nature is clearly not in favor of a giant smiling pumpkin perched atop a silo...lifespan...2 weeks . ...
 RT  Op/Ed: Vote today, and don’t let anyone try to stop you 
 RT  "TONIGHT'S MEDITATION: I think animal testing is a terrible idea. They get all nervous and give the wrong answers." 
  gives new meaning to broadband:)
 Best part of guy catching HR and falling in pool: He kept his beer upright and out of water. Impressive!
 RT  RT  Krugman to Teachers' Union: You're Not to Blame for the Economic Crisis:  
  Just read about Win 7 &400 million. Not bad for replacing an OS two generations old, much like XP replaced an OS two gen old
   
 RT  SETDA releases statement: Technology in America's School--What Do We Need to Power Next Generation Assessment Systems? http:/ ...
 15 Unusual and Creative Buildings  via 
  emphasis on paid for:)
   "when I was your age......."
  agan, congrats - Dr. D.
 Glasses found. Some dufus put them on the shirt he planned to wear to work today before deciding on another shirt. 
  true.
  You live in PNW. The question should be when did it stop?
 RT  I was searching for toy articles, and found this painful reminder of what bad taste we can have en masse.  ...
  not there. Getting old.
  I am crushed the HoF game might be cancelled. BTW, who's playing in it and is it on TV? 
  not there. BTW, are you Mayor of Baton Rouge yet?
 Still looking for my glasses. Anyone?
   what if we replaced "our Coffee" with "Student Learning"?
   or that hipster hat.
  Right away thought of Alice Project, could see your picture,just went blank on the name. I even though Columbus & Sheboygan!
  define notsomuch CC 
  define organic.  cc 
  It only took me 10 minutes to remember your name - I kept thinking Learning  Spaces, Beks, and Nantucket Red pants!
  Roster that bad?
  try  - he may have some from his Alice Project!
  What was your reaction to Stricker's play 18th for the win yesterday?
  I say 
  and with that tweet, the recovery is complete:)
   I say we all rush over and buy Walleye on a Stick and create a run/shortage!
  that would imply water and if I am not mistaken, you have little:)
   not necessarily: Paper Tweets, Handly Like A Paper Calculator | Techi.com 
  No Jackson Five, Osmond Family, Bay City Rollers or Rick Springfield??
  For the record, no pun intended, what were the 45's titles pray tell?
   "Happy Monday! Hope Your Coffee Is Inexpressibly Transcendent!"  via 
 RT  We'll listen to parents/students/educators/administrators/board & community members for a new accountability system ...
  that's not the only reason:) 
  re: presentation w/o elect. -- did people ask you for you slide deck afterwards?
 Whoever has my good glasses can give them back now. Thx in advance.
   
   the sound of his shot out of the bunker was like a rifle. Watched on TV. What a finish.
  my daughter is very excited to see you on the 12th!
  decaf? you must be getting old.
  can you post/share your list?
   See end of PGA tourney today? Stricker w/sickest bunker shot & putt from off the green.  via 
   Carol Burnett Show: No Frills Flying  
 Fresh Snow peas, green beans, lettuce! W00t! ( Sun Prairie Farmers' Market) 
 Stop 3 so far: gas, dry cleaners and now yard waste dumped. ( Sun Prairie Recycle Center) 
 RT  If NASA had any sense of humor, they would dress the landing crew at Edwards as Apes to receive Astronauts on their las ...
  I think there is an app to help you remember:)  
  nice to see you are back.
  I forsee two meatball meal specials in you future. In addition, doctors now have treatment for allen wrench wrist injuries.
 RT  If people had paid as much attention to candidates we elected in 2010 as they are paying to Casey Anthony, we would ...
  sleep in my eyes: thought you wrote WEEDING reception...
  you, the Alpha Twitter Male of the group!
 RT  By not paying interns a minimum wage, American companies save $2 billion a year. 48% of internships are unpaid. (via  ...
    Winnie The Pooh and 100 Acre Wood
  ask them who has more twitter followers? :)
 DD Cate is reading aloud The Slumber Party. Good book.  
 Backyardcamping with kids. My hip hurts already.   
  inconcievable!
 Chocolate chip pancakes tonight!
  They have been pretty much defiant about this whole thing, why change game plan? :)
  look at your gmail, I sent you an invite.
   I belive  is planning on this for next cookout. 
   I could see a site for a location (library as well as hallway) but is a website for either best way to connect users?
  Does everyone in your outlaw motor scooter club brandish one of those?
  <snicker> Maybe just a visit from his person state trooper? </snicker>
 RT  This hilarious pro-gay-marriage sign cracks me up everytime I look at it: 
   John Daly recounts his 13 on Par 4 fourth. 
  and he could probably still pound noogies on a majority of the people in TX.
 RT  At least Ohio State waited to vacate their wins after the season was over. LeBron vacated most of his wins after the  ...
 RT  RT  The entire half-century budget of NASA equals the current two year budget of the US military.
  my daughter, Cathryn (aka Cate) loves those books!
   your photoshop skills might be needed 
  Need clarification:  if  has to vacate wins, do the tats, er,...stats from the season count?
  have you seen Prince William and Princess Kate yet?
  It's dress like a cow, get a free no. 1  today  There is an iphone app too.
  those are some ugly looking line in Dane County
  :)
   if  has to vacate wins, do the tats, er,...stats from the season count?
  ninetuple makes a snowman sound good!
   RT  Daly's score on the 4th has gone from 18 to 11 to - finally - 13. Goes on the card as ninetuple-bogey.
  is that the only group or is this in addition to? :)
  hope the sweet tea is not a large as those udders may be a problem, if you know what I mean.
  I heard  was in calgary buying a new outfit to go see Will and Kate.
  don't give  or  any ideas about 
  THIS. 
  RT  - Elmo Stainless Steel Water Bottle 
 RT  Warren Buffett: I could end the deficit in 5 minutes. 
  medium rare please. I can wait!
 Watching the  Atlantis launch, I wonder if it's fake as I saw NO cigarette smoke wafting in the air like I saw in Apollo 13.
  morning Shauna. Listen to  (the quiet Couros boy) as he is now a twitter expert.
 RT  The Shuttle has thrilled me from the first launch to today. Sadly, it represents an America now vanished. 
 RT  Review sees little gain from voucher programs - JSOnline , but Walker/GOP get big $$ to expand thi ...
 RT  Quote on screen:  Humility doesn't mean leaders think less of themselves. It means they think of themselves less.  Dr. T  ...
 RT  Web 1.0 (access 2 info)-> web 2.0 (talk/share/create)-> web 3.0 (help finding relevant information)  ...
 Apple Store Challenge - 
 RT  Cochran also jumps on the library love bandwagon. He is also pissed that the library program got cut.
 RT  Sen. Reed not a fan of Race to the Top cause $ could have gone to feds school library program which got scrapped. And h ...
  but the beard looked so George Michael-ish and Whamish!
 Science at it's best:  take on the periodic table   
  A link to report from the Center on Education Policy finding vouchers have not improved student achieve: 
 RT  Here's a link to the report from the Center on Education Policy finding vouchers have not improved student achievem ...
 Very Funny 10 Hilariously-Bad Local Commercials 
   I'd add: ...using an IWB front of students makes you an engaging educator...
   Real Houseflies of Beverly Hills 
    no, the definition of scoopnhas changed!
  Man walks into Doctor’s and says: “Doc, I think I’m addicted to Twitter.” 
  are you tuned in?
  No, It's Moose Jaw.
  Yea, I believe the  bus is revving its engine  for 
  could have gone with  (What Would Mom and Dad Couros Say)!
  Hey,  tweeted it to the world. 
