 RT  Drivers often look at motorcyclists splitting lanes and assume it's dangerous. Here's data that proves it's safer:  ...
 U2 dedicates Stuck in a Moment to Amy Winehouse at the MSP show.
 In the fight between the bear and the alligator, the winner will be determined by the terrain - Jim Barksdale 
 Finally in Minneapolis. Almost 2 hours late.
 OH: I don't normally open ports. But when I do, I share every fucking file I have. 
 I need a desk or have a desk to post on  Help me reserve a good spot for the beta while reserving your place: 
 Bradley Manning has done more for freedom in the Middle East than Obama, Bush II, Clinton, Bush I, Reagan or Carter combined.  prize
 If we don't raise the debt ceiling, we will need to cut spending to 2003 levels.   
 RT  Total commitment this time: Ron Paul won't run for reelection to the House 
 Did you vote for the government persecuting Bradley Manning? Are you an apologist or trying to make things right?  v 
 Not to be absolutely certain is, I think, one of the essential things in rationality. - Bertrand Russell 
 This government default scare sounds a lot like the TARP scare a few years ago. We've defaulted twice in the last 40 years.  
 Weibo doesn't offer an https version of their site. 
 Give a man a fire and he's warm for the day. But set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life. - Terry Pratchett   
 High speed automatic assault cameras. The new weapons of terrorist.    
 Normal is not something to aspire to, it's something to get away from. - Jodie Foster  
 A society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in. - Greek proverb  
 OH: Somebody opened up a can of shit this summer and then decided to make movies out of it.   
 Photo Diary titled .. The Horrors of Afghanistan   
 "Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities. Truth isn't." - Mark Twain
 Sony movies pulled from NetFlix. Still available on demonoid.me.  
 Free download of the new Culture of Fear track from  
 Time to see The Mountain Goats at Varsity Theatre. 
 OH after watching Super 8: "I don't know why they named it Super 8. There were only 6 kids." 
 U.S. "special" forces deployed in Mexico.   
 RT  Brooklyn Gals Ticketed for Eating Doughnuts at a Playground 
 What are the odds that Ron Paul and Dennis Kucinich will be hurt by redistricting?  
 RT  Alameda Co CA deputy sentenced to 1yr w/credit for 199 days in plea deal for molesting 3 children under age of 10 [0] ...
 The less productive I am, the faster I respond to email. 
 In the New Ecomony, we'll all ride the light rail to the soup kitchen. 
 RT  Politics is the gentle art of getting votes from the poor and campaign funds from the rich by promising to protect  ...
 Imagine a leader who wanted to end the wars and end the bloodshed. Imagine if he changed his mind.   
 This American Life implies Ron Paul is a "fringe" candidate. Yet he's "too close to call" against Obama.  bias  
 Fascist and supporter of military coups is now president of Haiti.  
 Mozilla refuses to censor the internet.   
 Obi-Wan Kenobi is Dead, Vader Says     
 Watching Johnny Mnemonic on the  via NetFlix doesn't make the movie better. But it IS extra geeky. 
 The empire now mandating special "emergency" chips on phones. SMS not good enough?  
 I once sent a dozen of my friends a telegram saying "flee at once - all is discovered." They all left town immediately. - Mark Twain 
  ... now apologist for extrajudicial assassinations 
  5 just released. Awesome new features. Saves chat history to cloud. Auto sync chats on Android/iPhone/Web/Desktop. Faster.
 Home cooked foods market. I'm sure many have heard me talk about this one for years! Glad it's being done! * 
 Emails bankruptcy in t-minus 3 days. 
 "Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." - Will Rogers 
 RT  The Practice of Ying / Yang Productivity - by Dumb Little Man  via 
 Hayek vs Keynes -- The Rap Video        
 Ron Paul and Gary Johnson debate the establishment tonight.    
 "We have finished the job. What shall we do with the tools?" - Emperor Haile Selassie to Winston Churchill  
 RT   Education Beta Website named finalist in AEP's 2011 Distinguished Achievement Awards   site
 Isn't it interesting how  trends but  never did? 
  Your homepage doesn't load. And when I upload screenshots and grab the URLs.. S3 reports "Access Denied". 
 Management by emergency.  
  I had to cancel my Nutty Guys order after it was pending 2 weeks. They charged me right away.. but never shipped :-( 
 TomTom admits sending your routes and speed info to cops.   
 American Red Cross in Arkansas Donation Form   
 DET housing prices have bottomed out at Y2K prices. Chances are your market will adjust to that level too in case you're waiting. 
 RT  i can't think of one influential legit  teapartier who supported birtherism.
 Obama incompetence works in our favor this time. Possible mistrial in Manning case?    
 I'm attending MinneBar 6 (2011) -- 
 21 cool examples of shadow art. 
 The U.S... Catching up to Cuba for password requirements.     
 Cali bill would condition right to travel on... draft registration   
  NYT is the empire's canary. When they start whining, regulations are right behind. See salt, transfat, soda, meal toys, etc!
  lies about security :-(  
 The puritan religious-left now wants your sugar. Another white powder needs regulation now?    
 Nice Dolphins schedule. Opening game on  turkey game with  Easy win against Jets after bye week.  
 Speaker phones.. even the expensive spider looking kind. Are just awful. 
 Buyer beware.  shipped my order incomplete. Charged full amount. Hasn't returned calls/emails in a week. therawfoodworld.com
 National Geographic Education Site Launch! 
 RT  Check it out! RT  Voxy Now Uses Your Location To Help You Learn Language  by 
  is the Amazon free app of the day for Android. Awesome app! 
  has a new album coming out  
  gropes 6 year-old.    
 Hey  I have fantasy football teams to run. Get your stuff together.
 About commute time and   
 RT  The Web by  in ProfessionalServices, in 1st place in the  is my fav! VOTE:  
 The  iPhone app is now  in education in 10 spanish speaking countries.   
 Football injuries up 27% since 1990. Population up 21%. 84% more bowl games since 1990.    ? Per capita please.
  is now a top 10 iPhone app in Spain!  
 Hey! Mitt Romney is running for President. I thought  already had the  ticket locked up.  
  can no longer send SMSs on the  network. Customer satisfaction 
 RT  Well played, Dewey Decimal system...  
 Four jets just flew directly overhead of my place for opening day of  baseball.   
  humidifier. If you're in the Minneapolis area, see me.  
 The Weather Channel has a Golf Index Forecast. I wonder if they also need a Protest Index Forecast? 
  will that mean AIG will be closed? 
 OH: Bands like The Lonely Forest are the reason I always make a point to get to shows early enough to catch the opening acts. via 
 Please shutdown the federal government. Summer vacation. This empire needs a break.   
 RT  tsunami warnings & pretty intense earthquake just now off the coast near Tokyo, judging by the Japanese portion of my stream.
 Iceland to be free-speech zone!   
 Wednesday 1pm in  The air sirens are on.
 Well architected software. Like a well designed car, it's the maintenance cost years down the road that will separate the Toyotas from the …
  If I have the song locally, you should play that version instead of downloading the song. Saves bandwidth. 
 RT  Excellent quote from that paper: "Computers are to biology what mathematics is to physics." - Harold Morowitz
 RT   has now fired more cruise missiles than all other  Peace prize winners combined. 
 Religious mob kills 10 UN staff in Kabul over book burning. Martyrs to free speech all.    
   of Bank of Libya    
 Syrian state kills protesting civilians. Not enough oil in Syria for us to do the "right" thing?    
 We live in an age when pizza gets to your home before the police. - Jeff Marder 
 The people can't counter-protest you because they have jobs they have to go to to pay taxes to pay your defined pensions.  
 I really wish Pandora One would scrobble to Last.fm 
 Today is a window open day in  .. finally!
 RT  The President had time to consult with the international community - no time to come to the U.S. Congress?  ...
 Cool unsubscribe page 
 artisan is the new gourmet...  
 What do the  and  farms have in common? No cameras, or else!   
 Comparing Kayne West and Bob Dylan using corpus linguistics.     
 There is no monument dedicated to the memory of a committee. -  Lester J. Pourciau 
 It takes a major nuclear accident to point out how much safer it is than coal or oil.    
 The Lobster Underground    
 A Brief History of the United States -  
 Tide goes in, tide goes out. A Bill O'Reilly classic.    
 OH: Libertarians stay antiwar when liberals are in power 
 Interview with "Will it Blend" guy. 
  Average  listener is pretty well off. Why can't they donate their own money instead of forcing others to? 
 Consumerist Worst Company in America bracket. Vote now!   
 Traveling  to 
 Steal imaginary property from Goldman Sachs? Get 8 years. Goldman stealing billions from tax payers? Bonus.   
  Gràcies per la música d'avui! És meravellós.  
  seems to be down.. Boo.
 OH: My school is scary... all the girls (and boys too) love Justin Beiber and have no idea who Kurt Cobain is. I never want to go back.
 RT  Frack Away: Who Needs Nukes Anyway 
  Safer than coal, oil, biofuel, hydro and peat. Yes
 Deaths per TWh by energy sources    
 White Lies in  Rocked the house at Sala Apolo. 
 This could be the most fun version of Shake the Disease (DM) ever...  
 The Three Hs of Talrent   
  See previous tweet or for a longer version see  Also includes tips on eliminating much of the DMV.
  Surges in Santa Cruz, CA. 
  not much to debate because the alternate universe doesn't exist. Not everyone likes others personal choices. Freedom sucks that way
 I wonder how much safer the coastline and structures in Japan would have been if insurance companies regulated it instead of the government.
 Video of the tsunamai 
 Pictures of the earthquake   
 RT  Like so many others, our thoughts are with all of those affected by the natural disaster in the Pacific.
 RT  Tsunami warning now in effect for Hawaii, California, Oregon and Alaska. Ore. coastal residents urged to evacuate http ...
 RT  National Geographic Education website is live! In  This is a project I've been working on for over a year. http:// ...
 Reserve your connect.me username 
 Three different reps, explained problem 3 different times. 35 minutes on the phone.  really sucks. Any good alternatives out there?
 Now can we stop forcing taxpayers to pay for NPR?    
 RT  Is  = fear and loathing in hollywood ? Gonzo" The edge. The only ones who know where it is r the ones who have  ...
 AlJazeera's Libya live blog. 
 Huge anti-capitalist march outside my window in  Not clear what they are for but it is clear they want you to stop capitalizing. 
 Remember seeing  at Raleigh Studios in Hollywood often. Very nice even to those walking up to him in the middle of lunch.
 Oil prices are going up. Could it be because of the $1.5T+ the Federal Reserve has printed recently?   
 It's not what's wrong.. but what can be right that isn't.
 US Feds are selling "assault weapons" to Mexican drug cartels. U.S. border agent dies.    
 Too much sanity may be madness! But maddest of all ... to see life as it is and not as it should be - Miguel de Cervantes 
 RT  can i beat  in follows? i might need 
 Will  have over 2.4M followers next Monday? BoDog has a line you can bet on  
  small world :) I'll be in  soon enough.
  Congrats! New chapter begins! Do you need a new twitter handle?  ?
 Bureaucrat bans 5 chemicals from the comfort of his desk.    
  If you're still in  drop me a line for a drink.
 RT  Verb, to Asstimate: To pull an estimate out of thin air.
 RT  if you experience peer pressure, you need new peers.
  leads freedom to choose your own light bulbs.   
 Life is short... That means it can't get on any of the cool rides.
 RT  BREAKING: Apple announces plan to charge 30% tax on every item sold in North America
 40 amazing pictures of the winter of 2011.   
 It would be nice to see the timezone of the person you're talking to in the IM window.  
 Repression in Libya continues. Unarmed people die. NATO drinks tea. *   
 Our excuses are mere lies that our fears have sold us. - Robin Sharma 
 RT  At JFK now. Next stop BCN.
 For It is no progress having absolved the deity from the function of universal provider to setup the government in his place. - Soddy 
 Congrats Ron Paul & Gary Johnson for the 2011 CPAC straw poll wins! Media covering wrong candidates   
 Congrats! Mubarak is gone. Now Omar Suleiman needs to go. CIAs man is not who you want for a leader (see  
 Calpop network down for anyone else?
 Looks like almost the entire FL GOP delegation voted for the Patriot Act.   
  Chrome.. gets stuck on the "please wait" when I click on "save & host online".
 Oh no! My favorite screen capturing utility is now taking 1+ minute to capture pages    
 RT  Do we need USSC to interpret Constitution if 17 year olds must take oath to it to join military? Feb 9 show.  ...
 It's -10F again in Minneapolis. And that's nowhere near a record low. 
 While we're all distracted by the freedom of egyptians, we lose our own at home.    
 2 Live Crew's Luther Campbell Running For Mayor of Miami    
 Carl's words of wisdom regarding the    
  is no  candidate. Supports the state, not the people in  Shame on you.  
 Too soon?
 RT  Millions of priests are in uproar. Rumor is they heard that we now make boys pants with an easy to open velcro fly  ...
  If you're looking for activists in the U.S., check out  and 
  they also test drugs & those tests are mostly paid for by the mega corps that they are supposed to be regulating 
 The FDA does about 1 food inspection per employee per year. That's about $250k per inspection.   
 Not what we have but what we enjoy, constitutes our abundance. - Epicurus  
 RT  WikiLeaks nominated for Nobel Peace Prize 
 RT  Call for urgent intervention to stop massacre against revolting Egyptian masses 
 RT  Record Wall Street bonuses of $135,000,000,000 in 2010. Thank God things are back to "normal" :-)
 Imagination is Everything -   
 teapartyexpressnews.info seems like a  hijack of the  brand. 
 RT  US didn't want to dismantle its empire, so the empire is dismantling itself.
 Florida judge rules on the obvious.  is unconstitutional. But why has that ever stopped the fed?   
  announces $100M spending cuts! Watch in 60 seconds how large this cut is   
  via email. See 
 Here is what happens when the internet tubes break.  
  Re: Avatint.com. sure, contact me.
 Internet kill switch is back thanks to  Sen. Susan Collins   
 RT  Thank you america for your support. I knew you would come through.  
 RT  The Internet-savvy Obama administration is prepared to use all social media outlets available to stay silent on Egypt
 Authoritarian centrally controlled economies have high unemployment.   
 I would remind you that extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice! ... Moderation in the pursuit of justice is no virtue! - Goldwater
 I wonder if Mubarak is afraid to let go now that he sees how they are going after the previous regime in Tunisia   
 RT  This is what Egypt's cutoff from the Net looks like:  (HT   - it's from a global set of ...
 RT  I'm an  who lives in NYC. Pls spread far and wide: EGYPT IS ON INFO LOCKDOWN.  REGIME HAS SHUT DOWN T ...
 RT  Glaspie Memo Refutes Claims Leaked Docs Were Classified for ‘Security’    
 I will bring this war to an end in 2009. - Obama 2008   
 Kudos to  for covering the middle east revolts thru retweets. He is making his own world stage.
 RT  NFL star: I got death threats on Twitter 
 RT  tweeted this earlier, but is still shocking. british reporter taken out to desert in back of truck w/50-60 ppl, beate ...
 Rand Paul's State of the Union Response    
 If we required a constitutional amendment to ban alcohol, how come we don't need one now to ban drugs?   
 RT  So for those of you who think  is an exaggeration, I'm currently standing in a Karaoke bar while a clown pro ...
 Should the US debt incurred because of wars be considered an odious debt?    
 RT  Spoon.net lets you run an app virtually. Launch from the web. Awesome!! Great for browser testing. Win only :-p via 
 Obama's sunlight policy produces lots of heat, little sunshine. Only 50% of bills available to read for 3 days before signature. 
 Jessie Ventura sues the  Now he's already done more to protect personal liberties than Obama has.  
 Gov spending $160M to help defend rich Fannie/Freddie execs against gov investigations.     
 Has anyone found out what "winning the war on terror" means yet?    
  is saying it was NOT a  now. Does that make the denial of DDOS a DoDDos ? 
 I'm glad I use slicehost, linode and EC2 for various sites and not just one provider 
 RT  DDoS Affecting DFW 
 RT  3 n 17...If u don't see the blitzers? ... Both corners walked up on the line lmao
 RT  Agree or disagree? Study Sez Txt Msgs Make Kidz Gr8 Spellrz - 
  the way it should be done. At the state level. One size does not fit all.   
 Oops. The  is supporting property seizures without due process.   
  weather  -20F. Feels like.. it doesn't matter.
 We just had our high temperature in  5 deg F. It's all downhill from there thruout the day.  
  Why can't I login? It gives me a 500 (Internal Server Error) every time.
 Facebook share won't be available to US investors. Unintended consequences of over regulation.     
 If we each spend $200 + a day doing taxes, that's $100B/year just filing taxes. That's not even including the extra accounting we do. 
 Patriot Act getting another secret extension. Another Obama campaign promise broken.     
 Things that look like art -->  
 RT  Note that we can assume Google & Facebook also have secret US  government subpeonas. They make no comment. Did they fold?
 Fanaticism consists in redoubling your effort when you have forgotten your aim. - Santayana 
 RT  But we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it, away from the fog of the controversy."-Nancy P ...
 Evidence that stimulus spending hurt the economy. Govs that didn't spend are recovering quicker.   
 RT  Assange Could Face Execution Or Guantanamo Bay: 
 RT  ObamaCare’s “consumer protections are hurting millions of Americans” 
 10 amazing mushrooms including, glow in the dark and bleeding tooth mushroom.  
  Falling for the propaganda? VT is rural has a rate of 1.1 and has lax laws. Gun laws protect criminals.
 Washington D.C. - tough gun laws and murder rate of 24. AZ - lax gun laws and a rate of 5.4. Both stats as of 2009.  
 RT  After crying about the national debt,  Young Gun Paul Ryan calls for raising the debt ceiling:  
 Defense budget to cut $100B by increasing spending 3% 2011 to 2012.     
 RIP Fanball.com  
  Let's defund both!  was a huge war cheerleader back when the wars started.
 Who isn't for defunding  Even if you agree with the bias, why would you want people you don't agree with paying for your entertainment?
 The drones are here. Miami-Dade county buys first drone.    
 Using Dropbox for daily DB backup dumps is awesome. Easy and constant team access to latest DB. 
 Facebook gets huge "investment" from Goldman Sachs. Since it's our bailout money you could say they got a  
 IBM tries to patent the patent business.  
 Government induced Alpaca market bubble?    
 RT  Britain to introduce 'happiness index'  (via 
 If you or your company is sending  to all your customer for  please be a) creative, b) include give away or donate to a cause.
 Back to back fantasy football championship games in my marque 15 year league.     
 Webcast fail...   
  obviously
 Obama states Afghan war is making progress. Fails to mention what the progress is towards -   
   If you think the U.S. housing market is not a distorted market too, then you probably think healthcare is not either
 Centralized planning  China now has 64M vacant homes.    
 OH: Vikings last year were chasing NO for home field advantage. Now they're chasing for a home.  
 Money does not represent such a value as men have placed upon it. - N. Tesla  
 RT  AIM appears to be down. You might say they... MISSED!
 emberrorist - a person who employs the potential to embarass others as a political weapon. Contrary to terrorist who uses fear 
 A win for the  amendment! Reading your email now requires a judges approval. Now we need a ban.   
 Halliburton offers a bribe to Nigeria to drop a case regarding bribery against Dick Cheney    
 Court strikes down health law mandates. Freedom gets a small win this week. Commerce clause not ALL powerful!  
 Audio of authoritarian plan to control the 'net. The guy is currently goose stepping as part of the Obama admin  
 Live in  Call the local DA at  & report Beckel for inciting the murder of Assange  
 US government caught hiding and lying again. This time by the   
 The U.S. is hosting world press freedom day. Who is going to go protest?    
 In case you were looking for it. Support Wikileaks on Facebook here    
 OH on  "in case you're a retard... it's Duran Duran."
 Two wrongs don't make a right. Yes, the people can take down (censor) any site. So?   
 RT  Wow! RT:  Hackers Take Down Visa.com in the Name of Wikileaks - 
 FCC Commish Clyburn thinks "every nappy-headed child" should have access to the internet.     
 If you're keeping score. I called Twitter censoring Wikileaks December 2. 
 RT  Is twitter censoring WikiLeaks trends? 
 Truth is treason in the empire of lies. - Ron Paul 2008    
 RT  Glad Polanski has also been arrested and ready to be extradited. No, wait ...  
 Are you close to an  Fantasy Football season? If you win it all, join the Facebook group.   
  If Ron Paul doesn't get the chair of the banking committee you will find your mandate rescinded.   
 Ironic as usual,  interviews a Chavez mouthpiece at the climate summit. When does Venezuela get Democracy?  ?
 RT  WikiLeaks now has 355 sites. Thanks to YOU 
 Kim Jong-Il looking at things.  
 Arrest Warrant for Rape Against  Founder Julian  Is really for "Sex Without Condom"   
 Doesn't it seem strange that Wikileaks isn't trending? Anywhere? Not even in Spain where it's been the top story for 3 days. 
 OH: BTW, we moved the league to another site. you've been managing the wrong team. You're losing on the other site.  
  The U.S. also believes bible stories are literally true.     
  Is it time to move from EC2 to another cloud provider?   
 Leaving your PC on the  home page with speakers on can be really annoying thanks to  ad audio.
 Cop tells German tourist he could get raped for speeding.    
 Internet censorship is here. Government takes over site DNS without notice.    
 Enemy of Ron Paul convicted!    
 RT  Yahoo! is starting a ripple of kindness by paying for random Thanksgiving groceries in SF. What will you do?  ...
 Snow plows are out in Minneapolis. Snow emergency soon? Hurry up with the global warming.  
 I wonder if anti-government types will boycott the royal  holiday to protest the monarchy in the   
 My Moxy initial 2.4TB backup just took 5 months to complete. It was also very cold in Minneapolis when I started it.
 I love Dropbox because I just got free space on Dropbox for posting this message! 
 Facebook just removed my Star Trek fan page.  
 Whoever controls the volume of money in any country is absolute master 
 RT   wondering if Brandon Flowers can hold his own without the restof The Killers.
 Ron Paul on the TSA at the floor of the house.   
 Quantitative Easing Explained.    
 Starting Michael Vick was a good idea. He scored more points that my opponent. 
 'Naked’ scanners at U.S. airports may be dangerous: scientists    
 RT  this is news 
 I just opted out of a TSA full body scan. It's probably random that they had a very feminine gay agent on duty at  
 Washington D.C. is a company town.  on two separate cabs this week. Economy doing well too 
 When did Frontline become such a propaganda tool? 
 Is it me or does the guitarist for Tribal Seeds on Dawn of Time sound like John Frusciante?  
 7.7GB on Sprint's awesome 4G network last month. You rock!  
 RT  "If a problem can be solved there is no use in worrying about it, if it cannot be solved, worrying does you no good." - ...
 Who broke the gmail spam filter? I've had to report spam more times in one day than I have in one year 
 Balance fed budget by spending % of rev instead of $ amounts. If total is over 100%, reduce all proportionally to reach 100%  
 Leaving Minneapolis for Dulles on Delta. They graciously accommodated my missed flight because of my full fare ticket.
 Keith Olbermann and Rick Sanchez should get together and discuss the  amendment. Get your news locally not from MSM.  
 Hitler reacts to Randy Moss being fired.  via   
 Has anyone else noticed more spam getting through to the inbox lately in gmail?
 2010 U.S. Election summarized in 1 picture    
 Here's hoping for some gridlock! Maybe we can start rolling back the fed in 2012. Buy local.   
 Rand Paul wins! Victory speech is here   
 Congrats to  One of the good guys won!  
 OH  Vote for your rulers today. The party of the great Warlord  needs you!   
 Seems like a significant % of my  twitter following has a  Right wing conspiracy to suppress the liberal vote?  
 RT  Childress told the team in meeting they waived Moss as Moss did not go back with the team to Minnesota. Moss was not ...
 Are you a pirate? via 
 Oh no.. is  down again? :-/ Can't get to .
 No, it's not time to winterize the bike yet.  
 Battered Voter Syndrome?      
 I just whipped my Inbox into shape using the  - I scored 2864 points! 
  You have been followed!
  Rather trade for Cali!
 It's snowing in 
 RT  People Are AWESOME  via 
 RT  Up to $1 Billion in U.S. Aid Winds Up In Taliban Coffers 
 White Lies' 2009 (8?) album is still good today. Can't wait for the 2nd album.  
 Check it out. Automatically snitch on voter fraud with a phone app.  *  
 Comrade Obama caught red handed at a Socialist town hall meeting. Picture in link.   
 It might snow tomorrow night in  Still October?
 RT  Inflation and War... 
 20 bizarre sex laws from around the world. Most in Muslim countries and the U.S.   
 Anyone without a sense of humor is at the mercy of everyone else - William Rotsler 
 How about an invite to the email game please? 
 Twitter or Facebook direct message is my new preferred email replacement. 
 WAS to MSP on Delta. High suit to traveler ratio.
 RT  RT  Federal Reserve Bank Pay Soars 
 RT  False statements by N.J. lieutenant governor enabled police chief to improperly receive $170,000 - New Jersey Watchdog ...
 Of all the black civil rights leaders in the U.S.,  chooses to highlight a Communist Party member.   
  how much the increased campaign spending for 2010 offsets the progressive media bias.  
 ESPN   app doesn't work on Sprint 4g network. Says disable wifi even with wifi off.  oops.
  has a new video out. It has lots of cats in it. And 1 dog. 
 RT  New York City NY has spent almost $1billion on police-related lawsuits in the last 10 years according to AP report [0 ...
 Finally voters spurn the ethnist, gay bashing GOP candidate in  And still over a 1/3 of voters would vote for the guy!  
  Your password policy has prevented me from ordering at your store.  is much simpler. 
 Get your startup ideas here  
 Weren't you waiting for Vanilla Ice's DIY reality show?   
 Listening to the left talk about Glenn Beck reminds me of authoritarian parents in the 60s talking about Rock n Roll.  
 Why is it better to foreclose on 1M homes than to renegotiate the debt on 1M homes?  
 RT  Physics Professors Apparently Didn't Get Memo to Kowtow to Global Warming Elites.  
 Hey  NY  locals distanced themselves from Palatino back in April. Why haven't you?  
 You can't eliminate special interest groups, you can only eliminate what they're interested in. Government power.   
 ESPN projected my  team would score 100 points this AM. Latest projection is 54. At least I picked  to win.  
 Why over regulate the airlines when you have the  Southwest promoting free bags.  
 Getting 3.6mb/sec sustained with Sprint's 4G. 
 FBI hides GPS tracker on US citizens car. Threatens him to get it back.    
 This week's MSM talking point. Accept loss in November but blame Karl Rove and not the   
 Are you a progressive? You have more in common with the Tea Party than the Democrats.    
  seemed so promising. Unacceptable downtime. Sigh... You should charge money so you can afford to handle the traffic.
 Oops,  having some issues. Menendez.com is temporarily down.
   Rule No. 643: Your record collection will never be as complete as your MP3 collection.  
 If the Vikings win a SB the owner will sell and the team will move to LA   
  The  folks I interact with definitely do. That's probably why the extremist accusations of the MSM don't stick.
 Every immigrant makes America more American. - Ronald Reagan  
 Sparsely attended left-wing rally produces more trash than all  rallies combined. * 
 OH: That's called an asterisk. Reply: It's not a Barry Bonds? 
 Search is a way to harvest demand not create it. - Drew Houston 
  gets listed in CNNs 6 startups to watch. *   
 RT  We need more startups like  changing education. Major markets with paying customers 
 Google Groups has stopped becoming a useful project collaboration tool now that they killed the "pages" feature. 
  is launching a new way of learning a language right now at TechCrunch. Check it out at  
 List of companies launching at Tech Crunch SF 2010. Check out voxy.com! 
 "If the car [developed] as fast as the PC, a Rolls-Royce would cost $100, get 1 million MPG, and explode once a year, killing all inside."
 Vick > Romo. Glad I started Vick. Something's been wrong with the Dallas OL since preseason.   
 Re: This year's record fad. Vinyl sucks. If you like size, why not come up with a 12" CD instead. Stick a vinyl label for the smell. 
  Autumn in NYC is great. But seriously, 88? 
  Next time you have the best possible hand, remind them they don't need balls if they have the nuts.  
 Trying Priority Inbox from Gmail again. It can't be a bigger fail than what my inbox currently is.
 Checkvist.com is down? 
 Bench Romo. Start Vick. Will I prefer to delete this tweet on Tuesday?  
 TSA To Debut Body Scanner At MSP     RT
 Calpop.com is down.
 No nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare. - J. Madison     
 Minneapolis  
 Wishes the sun would come out in Minneapolis. 
 I hear the calls now to "fix" healthcare and for private gun prohibition. Note, murder is already prohibited. 
 RT  “I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.” ~ Kurt Cobain
 I wonder why Mozilla hasn't created a creative commons search engine yet? 
 RT  
 I'm not a  fan but.. damn. They get a sympathy vote from me. 
 RT  Penn Point on Ground Zero gay bar thang.    -  Hate religion, love people.  Don't respect re ...
 Minneapolis has the 4Gs now. Like wifi in my pocket. 
 RT  Drivers often look at motorcyclists splitting lanes and assume it's dangerous. Here's data that proves it's safer:  ...
 U2 dedicates Stuck in a Moment to Amy Winehouse at the MSP show.
 In the fight between the bear and the alligator, the winner will be determined by the terrain - Jim Barksdale 
 Finally in Minneapolis. Almost 2 hours late.
 OH: I don't normally open ports. But when I do, I share every fucking file I have. 
 I need a desk or have a desk to post on  Help me reserve a good spot for the beta while reserving your place: 
 Bradley Manning has done more for freedom in the Middle East than Obama, Bush II, Clinton, Bush I, Reagan or Carter combined.  prize
 If we don't raise the debt ceiling, we will need to cut spending to 2003 levels.   
 RT  Total commitment this time: Ron Paul won't run for reelection to the House 
 Did you vote for the government persecuting Bradley Manning? Are you an apologist or trying to make things right?  v 
 Not to be absolutely certain is, I think, one of the essential things in rationality. - Bertrand Russell 
 This government default scare sounds a lot like the TARP scare a few years ago. We've defaulted twice in the last 40 years.  
 Weibo doesn't offer an https version of their site. 
 Give a man a fire and he's warm for the day. But set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life. - Terry Pratchett   
 High speed automatic assault cameras. The new weapons of terrorist.    
 Normal is not something to aspire to, it's something to get away from. - Jodie Foster  
 A society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in. - Greek proverb  
 OH: Somebody opened up a can of shit this summer and then decided to make movies out of it.   
 Photo Diary titled .. The Horrors of Afghanistan   
 "Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities. Truth isn't." - Mark Twain
