 We have a special opportunity if you're thinking about upgrading to an emWave2. Look here: 
 ‎"Look within. Within is the fountain of the good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig." -Marcus Aurelius
 12 days left to enter our photo contest.  Get your submissions in now to accumulate votes!    
 :)  RT  Hanging out with friends trying out the new  device! Thanks Bruce! This is very very interesting...
 This month's  story is about overcoming an  using the HeartMath tools. 
 "The goal of life is to make your heartbeat match the beat of the  to match your nature with  -Joseph Campbell
 Many organizations are encouraging healthy eating for employees 
 Attention emWave owners: to help you upgrade we are offering you $50 off an emWave2. Learn more. 
 RT  Wonderful article from Heartmath. Enjoy! 
 A few reasons why you should care about  Here is this week's Inner Quality Tip from  
 RT  “ “ Stroke risk reduced by optimism ” This is awesome!  /cc
 "Promise yourself to live your life as a revolution and not just a process of evolution." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
 Healthcare costs in the U.S. rose nearly 6 percent over the last year 
 HeartMath Program Lowers Stress, Anxiety; Moves the Body Closer to Its Ideal State 
 "The last of the human freedoms is to choose one's attitudes." -Viktor Frankl |  What  are you choosing today? Let us know...
 Structure may be key to reducing workplace stress for new employees 
 What type of entry do you think best represents  in our photo  Vote on our FB wall. www.facebook.com/HeartMath
 If you own an older emWave product, here's a great opportunity to upgrade to the emWave2 through our summer  offer: 
 RT   has shown that the magnetic field of the heart is 5000X more powerful than the magnetic field of the brain.
 "He that would live in  and at ease, must not speak all he knows, nor judge all he sees." -Benjamin Franklin
 Sleep deprivation may lead to a hostile workplace - Most people know that a lack of sleep can lead to fatigue and co... 
 Free emWave training call-in sessions are available weekly. Times, phone and pins are listed here:  
 Researchers study link between stress and alcohol consumption 
 "Following your feelings will lead you to their source. Only through emotions can you encounter the force field of your own soul." -G. Zukav
 RT  The Road to Coherence Video. Have you seen it yet? 
  You can also practice techniques to help get the benefits of  Try the Quick Coherence Technique: 
 "Hold fast to  for if dreams die,  is a broken winged bird that cannot fly." -Langston Hughes  |  
 Creative professionals may be playing bigger role, working more hours 
 Join HeartMath in  for an unforgettable retreat... 
 "Kindness can become its own motive. We are made kind by being kind."  Eric Hoffer 
 Focus on employee wellness may give organizations a competitive edge 
 Small  A  camp coach shared how teaching her kids HeartMath tools really made a difference. 
 RT  HeartMath® announces Revitalize You! 
 Here's a great interview from  talking to Howard Martin about  It's well worth watching! 
 ‎"A loving  is the truest   -Charles Dickens | This is one of our  HeartQuotes: 
 Healthcare organizations making targeted efforts toward employee satisfaction 
 Call small stressors take a toll? Read our Inner Quality Tip: 
 Improving   performance and  at home and in the  Check out our Facebook page: 
 HeartMath LLC is dedicated to improving health, employee performance and well-being at home and in the workplace. Check out our Facebook...
 ‎"Being in the moment involves giving maximum appreciation & love to your present experience." -Sara Paddison, The Hidden Power of the Heart
  Terrific, thanks for asking! How are you?
 It is a privilege to invite you to a very special  retreat in  ( from September 19-23, 2011. Learn more:...
 Employees who lack sick days may be forced to make difficult decisions 
 Here is a fun webpage with everything you need to know on how to type  symbols ♥ ❤ ❥.   
 Strong manager-employee relationships may improve performance 
 ‎"Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again..." -Joseph Campbell ...Is your  that sacred space?
 There's some amazing entries in the "My Inspiration"   Check them out and vote for your favorites:  
 Reminder:  Tomorrow is the "Transforming Stress, Transforming Lives" workshop. Details: 
 Obesity may be to blame for health benefits costs - Determining the cause of high employee health benefit costs has ... 
 This is your chance to  us all! Submit your photo(s) for a chance to  $608 value in prizes 2b won. 
 Reminder:  Sign up today for the "Transforming  Transforming Lives" workshop. This event will be held at Standford 
 RT  Brought my emWave into the office today, good to know I am working in the green zone!  Can't wait to try the new emWave2!
 RT  Greatness lies not in being strong, but in the right use of strength.  ~Henry Ward Beecher (via 
 Employees hike to relieve workplace stress - Boeing workers have found a creative way to help relieve stress they ma... 
 The "My Inspiration" Photo Contest is seeing an invasion by inspirational animals... We love it! Keep'em coming! 
 RT  Just delivered another  workshop over at  offices-fab venue. And so the power of HeartMath spreads..
  You're very welcome! It's nice to be following you on Twitter!
 Here's a thought to start your day... "The fragrance always remains on the hand that gives the rose." -Gandhi
 Employee wellness programs can save companies money - The Canadian Health Index, a survey launched in 2010 by Sun Li... 
 "Better  Speak and Listen from the  For those who missed this webinar it's available to download. 
 Somebody looks sleepy...  Can anyone guess where to find this 
 "Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless." -Mother Theresa  | ...Kind tweets too :)
 Learning to control your own heart rhythms gets to the heart of emotional control. See Quick Tip in the emWave Newsletter 
 ‎"Adopt the pace of  her secret is  -Ralph Waldo 
 Read how a clinical therapist helped his client reduce overwhelming emotions through   
 Layoffs may exacerbate workplace stress - An article in the New York Daily News suggests that employees who are luck... 
 "Fun on a trampoline on a warm autumn day"  Thx Niels - fun photo! C our  entries: 
 Scientists identify most common time of day for workplace accidents 
  Wheeew! That's a lot! We hope it was a coherent week.
 See today's HeartQuote by Soren Kierkegaard:    
 Did u enter a  in our  yet? There are some great  2b won! 
 Read this week's Inner Quality Tip from  . It's about that phenomenon we all experience... 
 ‎"To get the full value of  you must have somebody to divide it with."  -Mark Twain   
 Check out the great photos and place your votes for our "My Inspiration"      
 Events... Free online webinar tonight: . Also, on July 12 there's a workshop on transforming  
 CEOs setting lofty goals for 2011 - Top executives at U.S. organizations are aiming for a 5.4 percent productivity g... 
 "Ideologies separate us.  and anguish bring us together." -Eugene Ionesco  
 Reminder: tomorrow is our free webinar on "Better Communication. Speak and Listen from the Heart." 
 We think so too! RT    crikey thats impressive at Level - High!! WELL DONE!!
 What do you think? Is Mishka the talking dog feeling coherent in this video? 
 Spanish researchers identify three causes of workplace burnout 
 RT  Another sunny day with  in coherence.  
 "Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else." -Judy Garland
 We're delighted to invite you all to a free webinar on effective  Will you be attending on Wednesday? 
 Want to win an emWave2 + $100 Amazon gift card? Check this out... 
 "All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to  them." -Galileo Galilei 
 Let the fun begin!! We just kicked off a photo  on our Facebook page. Check it out: 
 Reform may be needed to reduce fatigue in healthcare professionals 
 Learn 5 Tips for Living from the Heart. This comes from HeartMath's Care2 column... 
 Long-term care nurses value satisfaction, wellness above all 
 Today's HeartQuote: "...For every love there is a heart somewhere to receive it." -Ivan Panin 
 The new  IQ Tip is out: "Charades." Read it here. 
 See our Revitalizing Organizations FB page 4 the latest news on improving   performance & well-being:  
 "Live as if you were living a second time, and as though you had acted wrongly the first time." -Viktor Frankl
 Working moms exhibit better employee performance when jobs are flexible, secure 
 Improved computer systems may reduce workplace stress for IT employees 
   We love R supporters! We need 2 check w/ the engineers b4 answering those kinds of Q's. We'll check again & get back.
   That's a good question, but the answer is within our proprietary knowledge. We appreciate your technical curiosity :)
 Have you ever thought about becoming a  licensed 1:1 provider? 
 RT  Dream the dreams that have never been dreamt. ~David Bower (via 
 Watch Dr. Bryce Wylde demonstrate the emWave2 in front of a live studio audience. 
 "A  is a present you give yourself." - Robert Louis Stevenson  |  
 How do you keep your resilience when things don't go as planned? Learn what Natalie does... 
 "Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; but remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for"
 Join us in a free  discussing coherent communications through speaking and listening from the  Learn more: 
 RT  Life finds its fulfillment and purpose in the expansion of happiness. -Maharishi Mahesh Yogi 
 Have you seen our resources and tools for  personal use? Take a look... 
  asked, "Anyone experience with the emWave2?" -- Can anyone share your 2cents? We're sure she'd appreciate it!
 "You cannot raise a man up by calling him down." -William Boetcker 
 Employees spending on healthcare costs skyrocketed over past decade 
 True confessions... 
 RT  Three Often Ignored Factors in  — Are You Doing All Three? by Deborah Rozman, HeartMath by  
 Who's your favorite  that was caught using an emWave?  Tweet or tell us on our FB page 
 Screening for sleep apnea may save companies significant money 
 "Ability is what gives you the opportunity; belief is what gets you there." -Apollo 
 CNET took a look at our emWave2  
  Thanks for sharing! We'll have to check it out.
 HeartMath appears on"Tech Talk" to discuss improving   and  at home & in the  
 Tweet us -- What's you're fave thing to do that puts you in a positive mood?
 ‎"Listen to your  It knows things, because it came from the  of the World, and it will one day return there."  -Paulo Coelho
 HeartMath CEO Bruce Cryer joins Esther Orioli for an great discussion on the Leading with Emotional Intelligence show. 
 RT  Heart is a source of wisdom, intelligence, authenticity, love, care, discernment. Source of self security. Howard Martin...
 "Every adversity has the seed of an equivalent or greater benefit." -Napoleon Hill 
 RT  Heart is a source of wisdom, intelligence, authenticity, love, care, discernment. Source of self security. Howard Martin ...
  thanks for putting us on your  list!
 Glad to hear  We're hearing from other people as well that it is helping with  Keep us posted!
  Awesome! We hope your emWave2 helps you shift into lots of coherence!
  RT  How do you put people first? Read    — Putting People First by Deborah Rozman...
 Survey identifies obstacles to employee wellness - Organizations often implement employee wellness programs in an ef... 
 Leave us a comment -- What's your favorite thing to do on weekends that makes you extra coherent? Let's share ideas with each other...
  Thanks for the 
         
 Even bees aren't their normal buzzing selves under  This is an interesting article... 
 Employees more concerned about workload and time pressure than money or job security 
 RT  Check out  on the Merilyn Denis show    
 "First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do." -Epictetus
  can have seemingly magical effects. Read more in this week's Inner Quality Tip from  
 Watch Dr. Bryce Wylde help an audience member on the Marilyn Denis Canadien talk show transition into coherence. 
 Even bees feel ill effects of stress - When a honeybee is exposed to a stressful situation, it tends to look at life... 
 "...Intuitive thoughts, feelings, and solutions often  themselves as good old  -Childre & Cryer 
 What happens when you combine  training and  together... 
 From NBC news in Washington: Here's a doctor's opinion and a personal story of someone's experience w/ emWave. 
  Send us a DM if you can. Thanks!
 Quick Tip: Learn about activating care from the inside out... 
 Thanks for inspiring all of us  RT   Thank you for inspiring me 
 ‎"To  and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides."  -David Viscott
 Thx for reaching out  &  We'll check to see what's possible - can't promise NE thing at the moment.
 Good point  Being aware of stress can be very helpful!
 RT  Father's Day  6/8, For The Stressed Out Dad,  emWave2 ($229) Anti-Stress Device 
  Isn't that a great video!
  reviewed our technology: "EmWave2: Portable stress relief for harried geeks" 
 Did you see this epic speech after this kid learned to ride his bike?  
 Join us for a great discussion on  tomorrow. Details: 
 RT  “You’re writing the story of your life, one moment at a time.” - Doc Childre, 
 "When one door of  closes, another opens..." -Helen Keller
 We're taking a poll on our Facebook page (). Do you use emWave to help  better?
 According to a study, one-quarter of a person's  is dependent on how well they are able to manage  
 ‎" is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the  and the senses." - Lao Tzu 
 Happy employees may improve customer satisfaction - When a retail worker is satisfied with their job, given the prop... 
 If you want to make a lively meal this weekend then you might want to try Eggplant Confetti Salad. Enjoy! 
  RT  If you haven't heard of the emWave, you need to. Stress is the  silent killer in North America....
 Many employers not prepared for rise in healthcare costs - A Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation study revealed at the... 
 If you feel yourself rushing, take a moment to understand what "taking a moment" can actually do… 
 RT  Four Tips for Building a   Company by Deborah Rozman by  
 Today's HeartQuote is by Henry David    |   
  is giving away an emWave2! Here's your chance to enter: 
 Do you churn thoughts in your head at night and have trouble    
 "Where there is an open  there will always be a frontier." -Charles F. Kettering 
 RT  Fairfield Medical Center  Testimonials : 
 Are you thinking about gifts for  Learn how you could win an emWave2 at  
 Job design may influence workplace stress, satisfaction - Researchers at the University of Leicester in the UK revie... 
 It is a privilege to invite you to a very special retreat in  ( from Sep. 19-23. Learn more at .
 Boston companies investing in a healthy staff - The state of Massachusetts has already implemented a universal healt... 
 "This is the soulful meaning of  to live the  that is truly ours, to give the most of who we essentially are." -Jack Weber
  RT  Feeling Stressed? You Won't Be If You  The emWave2 ($229) in Our Father's Day  Over...
 RT  When your heart is in a state of "coherence" even your immunity increases which means you're healthier. Tx for the...
 The  sends important info to the  in four different ways. Learn more in our Inner Quality Tip:  | 
 Today's HeartQuote by Kahlil Gilbran. Look...  |    
 Did you see the  show today? What did you think?
 RT  RT  ‎"The greatest test of  on the earth is to bear defeat without losing  -R. G. Ingersoll...
 Dr. Bryce Wylde and  will talk about the emWave2 and other products today on the Dr. Oz Show. B sure 2 watch! 
 Watch  Monday 5/30 and Tuesday 5/31 -- Dr. Bryce Wylde talks about emWave2. 
 RT   Companies Collaborate to Achieve Shared Vision of Helping People and Communities  ...
 More  better  and better overall  Watch  Monday 5/30 and Tuesday 5/31. 
 Alternative  Must-Haves on  Tune in Monday and Tuesday. 
 RT  "First keep the peace within yourself, then you can also bring peace to others." - Thomas A Kempis (ht 
  RT  One of The More Interesting Gadgets We Have Ever Reviewed -The emWave2 - Reduce Stress & Improve...
   ((( ♥ ))) Very truthful!
 Dr. Bryce Wylde and  will talk about the emWave2 and other products Mon. & Tue. B sure 2 watch! 
 Thanks Ajay and  for a fun conversation! We're listening to the show again at 
 RT  Review: The emWave2 - A Gadget That Promises to Reduce Stress and Increase Energy. Does it Work? ...
  there's more information coming from the body to the  than the other way around?  more...  
 "Reduce the complexity of life by eliminating the needless wants of life, and the labors of  reduce themselves." 
 Canadian employees pushing for national Work From Home Day - Job search company Workopolis recently conducted a surv... 
 RT  Use of HeartMath emWave2 product increases energy level, improves sleep and raises productivity at work.
 RT  Creating Shared Value – What Does it Really Mean? by Deborah Rozman,  
 "I have learned silence from the talkative...and  from the unkind. I should not be ungrateful to these  - Khalil Gibran
 Young employees are feeling pressure at work - In a study involving about 30,000 employees in 29 countries, GfK Cust... 
 Have you visited our Revitalizing Organizations Facebook page yet? Come on by and "like" this page. 
 Safe environment may ease workplace stress - Over the past decade, the world has witnessed devastating events from t... 
 Don't miss your opportunity to sign up for a HeartMath retreat in   Learn More:  |   
 ‎"The greatest test of  on the earth is to bear defeat without losing  -R. G. Ingersoll 
 Simple steps to help reduce any  you may be feeling.  |   
 Incase you missed it, we've provided the emWave2: What's New Webinar as a free download. Get it here: 
 Business owners coach others on work-life balance - A USA Today article matched up successful business owners with t... 
 RT  Great day at Wentworth BMW PGA Championship Seve Tribute Pro Am and 
 ‎"... doesn’t come as a result of getting something we don’t have, but rather of recognizing and appreciating what we do have."
 ‎((( ♥ ))) Sending  to everyone effected by the tornado in  Missouri and everyone in turbulent areas of the world.
 Learn more about the emWave2 and its new features...     sleep 
 RT  No  No  Why  is Free Energy by Deborah Rozman of HeartMath  & 
 RT  Day off today, recharge with some rest, and  lock-in. Happy days....
 ‎" is an untransformed  for  -Howard Martin,  
 Look what else happened at the HeartMath Best Practices Conference... 
 Employees turn to humor, online videos to cope with workplace stress 
 Another update from the  Best Practices Conference about the  speakers and stories... 
 RT  The proper functioning of the heart turns out to influence the brain. 
 RT  HEALTH  Best Practices Conference | Care2 Healthy & Green Living:  via 
 ‎"The power of imagination makes us infinite." -John Muir,  | Do you agree?
 "When the  is  happy and HeartMath brings happiness.” -Susan Launder, Mayo Clinic Arizona 
 May is Employee Health and Fitness Month - While organizations should make employee wellness a priority year-round, ... 
 How much time do you spend fixing problems that are a result of  Read this: 
 RT  No  No  Why  is Free Energy by Deborah Rozman of HeartMath 
 RT   share results at  Best Practices Conference by  Rozman of HeartMath 
 "First keep the peace within yourself, then you can also bring  to others." -Thomas A Kempis 
   so great to hear our feedback. Thanks for adding coherence to the world! ;-)
     that's awesome!
 RT  "Mission-Driven Companies, Mission-Driven Dollars" by Deborah Rozman of  
  great to hear Stu. Coherence is like free fuel for our system.
 RT  First keep the peace within yourself, then you can also bring peace to others. ~Thomas A Kempis (via 
 RT  Introduction to emWave2 - Free Webinar 5-19 : 
 Have you tried using HeartMath tools and techniques to help you  better? Video:  |   
 "Love and compassion benefit both ourselves and others. Through kindness to others, your heart & mind will be peaceful & open." -Dalai Lama
 ‎3 ways you can build your  
 Companies thinking about employee wellness across the globe - A Towers Watson survey recently revealed that about 75... 
 ‎"  and  are powerful motivators..." -Deborah Rozman 
 It's coming up soon! Grab your spot and get ready...  |   
  We're so glad to hear!
 RT  Stayed in control of my emotions well today - felt like I was in flow state for most of the day. Very pleased with...
 Can a hospital save $3M in medical claims over three years because of healthier, happier & more productive employees? 
 Florida court rules health risk assessment enforcement lawful 
 RT  HRV is where its at! RT  Excited! Started  teacher training an hour ago 
 "Remember always that U not only have the right to be an individual, U have an obligation 2B one." -Eleanor Roosevelt 
 " is not a mere sentiment. It is the ultimate  at the  of  " -Rabindranath Tagore 
 Smartphone application provides insurance info at the touch of a finger 
 Learn why having a full tank of resilience is even more important during these turbulent times... 
  Can you join us for a special retreat in      
 "A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." -Lao Tzu  |    
 Here are some really interesting facts about  and how it effects your  
 Cubicle discomfort can hinder employee performance - Employee performance is significantly affected by the comfort l... 
 We're holding a free  that will explain emWave2  & what happens to your   Sign up soon!
 Small businesses should revisit health insurance coverage - Rising healthcare costs may be a particular hardship for... 
 "The most important thing to remember is this: to be ready at any moment to give up what you are for what you might become." -W.E.B. Du Bois
 You could win an emWave2! Mom Central is randomly picking a commenter on this article... 
 ‎"I have found that if you love  life will  you back." -Arthur Rubinstein 
 Changing your reaction to  
 School district saves big with employee wellness program - In 2008, just 5 percent of the employees in Florida's Man... 
 Want a chance to  an emWave2 personal  reliever? Leave a comment on this MomCentral.com post at  
 "Let go of  and view the world around you from a new and more   IQ Tip: 
 "With  the impossible is  -Catherine Calarco  | 
 Work does not need to interfere with wellness - Many Americans use the excuse that they work too much to spend time ... 
 Who’s getting an emWave2?
 We've had many questions coming in about the emWave2. For all of you with questions, there's going to be a free webinar explaining more...
  Thanks so much!
  We really appreciate having you tweeting with us. Perhaps we can offer some prizes in the near future.
  However, we're sponsoring a contest on our FB page in a few weeks and hope you can join us. 
  It was just a random question w/ no prize unfortunately.
 You got it! RT  New Emwave! " Holy Guacamole! It records your   management sessions and interfaces w/ your...
 Holy Guacamole! It records your  management sessions and interfaces w/ your  or  What is it?
 "Arriving at one  is the starting point to another." -John Dewey  |   
 Employees with depression may require more than medication - In a study that was conducted at the University of Texa... 
 In case you didn’t hear the big news, the emWave2 is finally available. Check it out...   
  the 2nd generation of our handheld  is now available. What do you think of the new features? 
 RT  Stressed-try this, perhaps an answer along the way to balance. Introducing the NEW emWave2 
 What do you think about today's HeartQuote by Khalil Gibran? 
  We appreciate the notice and we are looking into it.
 HeartMath adds new member to its line of technology - An estimated 10,000 healthcare professionals around the countr... 
 Somebody at HeartMath named their emWave2 "Gandalf." Cheesy, right? So we want to know- if you gave emWave2 a pet name, what would it be?
 RT  The new emWave2 is one of the best tech gems on the market. Use it to reduce stress and balance your emotions. It...
 Did you get a chance to see the new colors the emWave2 is available in? What’s your favorite? 
 "We must learn to reawaken and keep ourselves awake, not by mechanical aid, but by an infinite expectation of the dawn." -Thoreau
 It’s now “Facebook Official,”and officially official too! The emWave2 is now available! We're Welcoming your comments at 
 Physical activity and education may be powerful combination - A team of researchers at the Medical University of Sou... 
 Introducing... 
 When healthcare costs are high, family wellness pays - Investigators at the University of Wisconsin, Madison recentl... 
 We are happy to officially announce today the emWave2 - a pocket-sized  reliever w/ computer interface: 
 Vote for your favorite  photos in our  Only 2 days left to enter & accumulate votes!  |   
 What kind of connection do we share with our  Hope you like HeartMath's latest Care2 column... 
  Stop by and vote for your favorite  and   photos.
 "Whether our game is baseball, basketball or hockey, as fans we bear witness to the power of passion..." Read more. 
  Learn to create coherence and see our  resources!
 " not the  weep not for the  -Percy Shelley  |  
  Desktop discount ends in 4 hours. Don't miss this special  Awareness Month opportunity... 
 10 hours left for special sale on emWave Desktop. Thanks for reminding us to remind you :) 
 If you could box coherence, this is what it would look like. Here goes first emWave2s out to happy customers. 
 Such amazing &  photos from all of you in our FB contest! Much thanks! 
 Since some asked, here's a friendly reminder to make  Desktop purchase by midnight tonight for discount: 
 "There's much to be said for challenging  instead of ducking behind it." -Diana Trilling | 
 Hourly workers face many challenges - In today's weak economy, many Americans have found themselves working part-tim... 
 Learn about solutions for  and hurry for a discount on emWave Desktop.  |   
   Month offer on emWave Desktop ending tomorrow. Hurry to take advantage:  |  
  Look at our  friends!
 Deborah Rozman, Ph.D.,  on how to connect w/ a deeper intelligence to successfully shift attitudes & feelings. 
 A great   today... 
 Health plans with high deductibles may discourage preventative care 
 Many people find that pets are a great way to relieve  
 The new  Newsletter is out. Learn about  and    |  
 Would you agree that, "A joyful  is the inevitable result of a heart burning with  -Mother Teresa |  |  
 Board aims to improve fatigue problems among air traffic controllers 
  Do you have a pet that you really love?
 HeartMath's Inner Quality Tip: "Spring Cleaning"  | Read more... 
 "Only when I saw the  from space, in all its ineffable beauty and fragility, did I realize that.. [ ]" -Sigmund Jahn
 Extensive business travel associated with poor physical health 
 Sign up for an incredible retreat w/ HeartMath to  Hope you can join us!  |     
  UR invited to participate in our   or just stop by to C & get  |    
  Have you voted for your favorite animal photos yet?
 Scientific breakthrough may lead to prevention therapies for stress-related illness 
 "The more anger towards the past you carry in your  the less capable you are of  in the  
  Do you have a favorite pet photo?
 Here is a  De-Stress Kit… 
 Happy  for those of you celebrating!
  Has your pet ever inspired you?
 Learn 5 uncommonly known  facts!    Month
 Have a happy  everyone! We have a video: 
 Video:  How Catherine learned to  better & get more  |   Month,  being 
 Have you seen these amazing stories yet? 
  Here’s a   on our  solutions resource page.
  Want to take a free survey to assess your 
 Terrific  about  endeavors, &  
 Control over workplace decor may improve employee performance 
 Learn HeartMath's Inner Quality Tip:  - How do we change from worrying to a positive emotion?
 Results-oriented approach improves employee job satisfaction 
  Stop by and vote for your favorite  and   photos.
  Learn to create coherence and see our  resources!
 "Nobody can teach you  Love you have to find yourself, within your being, by raising your  to higher levels."  -Osho
 Organizations should encourage healthy activity during breaks 
 Don't miss the HeartMath  Improvement Program workshop on Transforming   |  
 RT  RT   &  Invest in  Health by Quantum Intech President & CEO Deborah Rozman 
  Here's a few options :) 
 Here's a  for "Thai Lime Tofu" from the HeartMath kitchen. Thought you might like to try it out & read the story: 
  RT this if you’ve got a pet that you love!
 Did you know that  interferes with our judgment and our ability to clearly think and assess situations. 
 "One can live magnificently in this world if one knows how to work and how to  -Leo Tolstoy 
 Learn more about recognizing and responding to   |  
  Keep your furry photos coming!
 Did you know  can sometimes cause smart people to do dumb things? 
  Helpful resources to compliment RT  stress tips from nurses:  |   
 "When we are no longer able to change a situation... We are challenged to  ourselves." -Viktor Frankl   | 
  Thanks to everyone who’s participating in our ‘Paws’ on Stress 
 Learn the Quick Coherence Technique… 
  There’s so many beautiful moments and inspirational stories here!
 Organizations may want to measure full value of employee wellness 
 Understanding how  works gives an advantage and power over it. 
  You're welcome! Thanks for the RT!
 "Revitalizing  -- Learn about this special HeartMath retreat in    |    
  When you’re feeling  sometimes pets are a good relief.
 What’s going on for   Month? Check this out! 
 Free stress solution resources… a whole page of them! 
  This is how HeartMath is helping: 
 Thanks  We're so glad to be connected with you!
 Strategy used by one-fourth of nurses may lead to stress, mistakes 
  Many people find that pets are a great way to relieve 
  What a  it is, and such incredible photos and stories!
  To help make sustaining changes during   month... 
 HeartMath's Inner Quality Tip: "Chemically speaking, feeling good is very different than feeling stressed!" Read more... 
  Saw your   tweet – Did you see these stress solution resources? 
  We put together a landing page () with free resources and an article () you might like.
 Have you found any good resources or  articles for Stress Awareness Month? 
 Did you know that even minor  has the ability to cause a rush of 1,400 biochemical events in the body? 
 We're holding a  where you could win an  Desktop  Relief System.  Don't miss out!  
 "Vision is the art of seeing things invisible."  -Jonathan Swift |  |   
 Hitting the gym may help reverse stress-related aging - Past research has shown that chronic stress has the physiolo... 
 Have you found anything interesting for  Awareness Month  so far in  Let us know!
 Check out our Revitalizing Organizations Facebook page w/ info related to organizational    | 
 Have you stopped by our  yet? There's some amazing stories and photos. Take a look... 
 "If wrinkles must be written upon our brows, let them not be written upon the  The  should not grow old." -James A. Garfield
 What is Overwhelm? 
 Tips to help control negative emotions in the workplace - Washington Post columnist Michelle Singletary recently wro... 
 Here's a video with Larry King Jr. talking about  and emWave technology... 
 " does not only  our mental/emotional nature, it also involves the physical system..." -D. McArthur 
 Depressed employees may require mental health care - Multiple studies have shown that chronic stress can lead to dep... 
 Wow! there's some truly amazing and inspirational photos & stories here. Take a look: 
 What can adding  do for our  Watch the video below and read more here: 
 It was an honor for us to be a small part of the  gala. We have a FB album with a few photo highlights. 
 "We differ, blind and seeing, one from another, not in our senses, but in the use we make of them..." -Hellen Keller 
 Employee wellness programs benefit small businesses, too - Programs aimed at improving employee health and well-bein... 
 Care to join HeartMath in Tuscany for an incredibly retreat? 
 HeartMath's Inner Quality Tip: Learn about things your team can do to increase its effectiveness. 
 Find out how U could win an emWave Desktop and $50 Amazon gift card from your friends at    
 Bullies exist outside the playground - Bullying in the workplace may be a hidden stressor, which is further exacerba... 
 Stress sets off a chain reaction of illnesses - The Mayo Clinic reports that chronic stress may lead to mental disor... 
 " makes prosperity more brilliant, and lightens  by dividing and sharing it." - Cicero 
 You are invited to join Deborah Rozman as her guest in the Soul-Felt Spirituality & Wellness Teleseminar Series. 
 "The origin of  is the beautiful  of the  -Ryuho Okawa | 
 Want to avoid workplace stress? Ask a social worker - Researchers at the University of Calgary have conducted a stud... 
 Press release on the Larry King Cardiac Foundation (LKCF) annual gala & video of Larry King Jr. who's an  user. 
 Positivity may spur creativity - Individuals who are in a good mood tend to be better at finding creative ways to so... 
 ‎"There is  in   & in the  of those who wish 2 make those dreams a reality." -Jonas Salk 
 We need  just as much when we are feeling exuberant as when we are feeling  Learn more... 
 HeartMath's Inner Quality Tip:   It's well worth a minute of your attention :) Pls RT
  ... " cures people -- both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it." - Dr. Karl Menninger 
 "Words are just words and without heart they have no meaning." -Chinese Proverb | Do you agree with this quote?
 Displays of appreciation may prevent employee burnout - It is not uncommon for a worker to take on more responsibili... 
  Meet Louie. He is one of many animals and inspirational moments that need your votes...     
 Insurance carriers may present barriers to ROI on wellness programs 
 We have a special opportunity if you're thinking about upgrading to an emWave2. Look here: 
 ‎"Look within. Within is the fountain of the good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig." -Marcus Aurelius
 12 days left to enter our photo contest.  Get your submissions in now to accumulate votes!    
 :)  RT  Hanging out with friends trying out the new  device! Thanks Bruce! This is very very interesting...
 This month's  story is about overcoming an  using the HeartMath tools. 
 "The goal of life is to make your heartbeat match the beat of the  to match your nature with  -Joseph Campbell
 Many organizations are encouraging healthy eating for employees 
 Attention emWave owners: to help you upgrade we are offering you $50 off an emWave2. Learn more. 
 RT  Wonderful article from Heartmath. Enjoy! 
 A few reasons why you should care about  Here is this week's Inner Quality Tip from  
 RT  “ “ Stroke risk reduced by optimism ” This is awesome!  /cc
 "Promise yourself to live your life as a revolution and not just a process of evolution." -Anthony J. D'Angelo
 Healthcare costs in the U.S. rose nearly 6 percent over the last year 
 HeartMath Program Lowers Stress, Anxiety; Moves the Body Closer to Its Ideal State 
 "The last of the human freedoms is to choose one's attitudes." -Viktor Frankl |  What  are you choosing today? Let us know...
 Structure may be key to reducing workplace stress for new employees 
