  Augh - not soon enough!!!
 RT  Beautiful pinhole photograph from    - amazing shot
  depends on how one's using the day. At work I find quite sufficient, at home, or out playing - not so much. :0)
  TY 4 the RT. I thought it lovely as I was entwined w/ my sweetheart sunset watching just across the road. 
 Sunsets and romance just seem to go together. on Twitpic: 
  You're very welcome Vance. 
  Had a great time with friend & meeting beau. He's great & it's nice to have us both so happily coupled. Wknd too short, as always.
  Glad you're wknd was so FAB. They're such precious things. Chilly's nice at night esp if little ones looked after & it's a hot day
  My pleasure Gabriel, as always. :)
 RT  Today's Post - Painting Focal Points - 5 Main Elements of The Center of Attention - bit.ly/FocalPoints - more sage advice
 My sincerest best wishes to  Get well Jack and we’ll see you in September.  
  My pleasure Russ!
 RT  Finished this from a sketch on my walk today. ~ Wooded Path to Lake etsy.me/qRpF7o via  - reminds me of old home, nice
  I hope your weekend was fabulous, and that you're managing to stay cool. Feel free to send any unwanted heat our way.
  You're welcome, beautiful pic! Nice wknd in coastal town of Morro Bay meeting my dear friend's new boyfriend. Visited from Canada.
     Hello and thank you. I hope you're all having a lovely Monday!
  Oh David, it's just too sad to fathom. My heart is with Norway.
 Oslo Explosion: Norwegian Arrested, Police Believes Attacks Were Linked [VIDEO] 
 Thanks for the RT.  I'm looking forward to spending some time with that blog.
 I just can't even believe this.  The scare mongers are getting to me this time.
 Just got an e-mail that reminded me of the days when FF meant Folk Festival.
 Looks like a great blog - Looking At Glass:  - this article via  
 RT  Will have 2hr show tonight: Radio Øst (Norway 97.3)...dfficult to know how to angle... Such emotion & sadness - so sad
 I just got one of the first US Spotify accounts because I have Klout!    Find out if you're eligible:   -
 What's up in Norway?  How dreadful.
 What's up in Norway?  How dreadful.
 Thank you        &  
 Thank you!          
   Thank you for the RT: Hilarious “Vintage” Ads for Modern Products 
  Our heat actually came on this morning...? 
 Google Doodle Honors Mobile Artist Alexander Calder   
 The Google+ Cheat Sheet [PIC]  I think I can use this. gplus.to/CateThomassen
 Beautiful Black Bee pic by   
 The illustrated guide to a Ph.D.  - I love this, having been married to a wonderful PhD for 15 yrs. :) 
 Lucian Freud, a towering and uncompromising figure in the art world for more than 50 years, has died  - RIP
  Not yet, just enjoying the anticipation.  :))
 RT  This is the weirdest Google Ad I've ever seen...  < I gotta start paying attention to the ads.
 A friend just returned from Canada. When's snack time? 
  - bon appetite
 Hilarious “Vintage” Ads for Modern Products  via 
  YW, and good to hear. I think I'll keep my distance though, just in case you get hungry later. ;-)
 RT  Mysterious Himalaya   /via   < breathtaking
  Never have, and find I rarely read those I recieve cuz that's what I expect to find. - thanks for not biting.
 RT  binary-birds.com AKAJake's original "Retweet" orange canary & 4 yellow ones tweet 24"x36" tiny.ly/zSI2  < nice tweet-up!
  same as who understand the phrase "Could you please pass me a serviette, I've just spilled my poutine" -I'll be watching for you
  Thurs hugs!  - & to U!
  Well, we have a spare room. It's not Texas, but then it's not 15 degrees either. You can leave your mukluks at home. ;-)
 QR Code on Tombstone Creates Dynamic Memorial [PHOTO]  
  It is isn't it. So glad you enjoyed it.
  brutal, had a fire going a couple wks ago. But...beats the heck outa my winters in Manitoba. Spirits high - yours too I hope!
  Thank you!
 Thank you for the RT  - beautiful images, no? "She's Alive"  via  
  I love it. Thanks for making me feel better. :)
  Thanks for the RT, sorry for the typo. At least it didn't read 'wart'... It is beautiful though, isn't it?
  I know this is hard to believe, but I have one. A little optimism please...there may be another 1 or 2 out there.
  But if you prefer a unicorn, I make no judgements.
  I was thinking a man, one who always makes sure that there is sufficient paper before a scarcity arises.
 "She is Alive" so very beautiful and definitely wort protecting.  via
  Better still, get one who will change the roll so you never end up "stranded". ☺
 Obama calls Democratic leaders to White House - Obama willing to sign s-t debt limit incrs if merely a stop-gap measure 
 RT  Cheat Sheet For Comparing  to  and   /via 
   De nada mi amiga.  Muchas gracias!
  been cold down here, but supposed to hit 21C today - finally climbing to summer temps. Tomatoes may ripen yet. - stay warm ☼
 RT  Winter in July? She knew she would wake from this dream soon. Mrng all :)) ☕☁☁ < morning, maybe summer will arrive today...?
 160-Year-Old American Express Out-Innovates Google and Groupon 
 RT  Great Wed follows!  -TY and have a wonderful Wednesday 
  My pleasure. Good eye.  
  My pleasure - and now enjoying your whole FB page as well. 
 RT  Tell Congressional Republicans: Don't turn America into a deadbeat nation!   
 RT  I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "Portrait of Ade"  <gorgeous work
  Indeed. Still hoping one day, art will be the work I occasionally need a break from. Would love to be whining about art deadlines.
  Thank you! It's a large project so will be awhile but I'm enjoying the process.
  - My pleasure. I love where the piece is going & how it got there. 
 RT  "after I obliterated the entire image...started to feel like I could breathe again.."  < lov'n it.
  ...sis is on her way to visit & they'll go to the lake for a couple of weeks. No cane, replaced the screw in arm of glasses...fab!
  Have been back to the shards finally and loving it. Planning wedding & enjoying summer (even if cold). Dad is doing very well...>
  Glad you're shooting & enjoying HER company. Warm weather, what's that? Still waiting. Tons of green tomatoes waiting for heat.
 RT  Ha! Great juxtaposition, there... RT  Photo: danmeth: tumblr.com/xww3l3lnmz - oh ya!
  looks very like golf to me and not terribly appetizing. :0)
   Very happy to be of help. Wishing you a very creative day.
  nice!
  It would be splendid. Invite me and I'm there.     
  Absolutely - but 1 of my best art lessons "nothing's precious" Helps me let it go & make it about process. I adore creating
  ditto geek sister!
 Don't know what kind of flowers these are, but the look beautiful in our new Bill Geisinger pot. 
 RT     took my  2 a whole new level (Danger Will Robinson!)  < Lol
  Absolutely! I tend to geek out on a daily basis myself. We can't leave all of the fun to engineers. :)
  Not sure I'm getting you but I look forward to the day when shardArtist rates my profile top billing. Wanna LI connect? :)
  Indeed, but I just generally love to see artists "geeking out"
 Finally working on the water feature project. So amazingly wonderful to be creating again.
 RT  OMG! Just downloaded  ! And I LOVE it!!!!! So awesome! Totally geeking out right now! :oD - :))
 RT   Hurts...No matter how great you are ow.ly/i/etF6 R.J.  - oh ya.
 Thank you so much  ! I hope your week is going well so far.
 RT       (^:
  Thank you. The weekend was fabulous. Lots of "sharding". I hope yours was great too.
  You're very welcome Liza. I hope things are buzzing about your place. Are you having a good week so far?
  You're so very welcome. Sorry my reply is so tardy. Hope you had a fabulous weekend.
  I hope you're having a wonderful vacation!
  You're very welcome...a little late. Happy Monday...a little late. :)
  Thank you Claudia. I hope you're continuing to enjoy the summer!
  A little late, but you're very welcome. Hope you had a great weekend.
 A History of Modern Music: the timeline  -very cool interactive site.
  Thank you Robin, you as well.
  Likewise Jeff. Have a vlog worthy weekend!
  My pleasure. I just wanted to see if you were awake. :) Have a wonderful weekend.
  You're welcome and thank you!
 RT    Great ARTists       
  You're very welcome. Enjoy the weekend!
  TY Carla!         
  My pleasure Dean. Have a great weekend.
  Thank you David. I hope all is well with you and that your memoir is coming along. have a great weekend!
  Thank you Valerie. You as well!     
 RT        < Thank you Robin. Hope it's a fabulous wknd!
  Thank you Marcus. Have a wonderful weekend!
 Thank you   Wishing you a sunny and creative weekend!
  My pleasure and thank you. TY too for this wonderful wish! ☼
 RT          Happy ♥♥ < TY U2!
  Thank you Julia. Hope you have a wonderful weekend!
 RT            -TY! ☼
 RT  Good morning and please       TY & have a great wknd!
 Thank you Ms.  Wishing you a fun, healthy and creative weekend. Project started?
  & 2 u 2!        
 More creatives to           (via 
          !! (via 
           (via 
         -cool tweeps (via 
 Great           (via 
 Work day's over and I'm heading home. That glass of wine is going to taste particularly good today. 
  But the least you could do is follow me back. At least I tweet. :)
 RT         Happy Thursday < 2 U 2!
  I sure seem to be here a lot. Lots of great info and ideas and fun and informative conversations. We must voice chat soon.
  I hear you. My challenge: finding time 2 make art w/ FT day job. My head is always creating (+sleep) -wish my hands were 2.
  And thank you! I look forward to your tweets.
  Thank you so much for the kind  I hope you're enjoying a wonderful Wednesday!
 RT  Join the 'Great Bee Count' ow.ly/5EwQ and Bee-A-Thon this Saturday! conta.cc/pJIg9U < a worthy way to spend 15 min.
  You're welcome and congratulations!
  I just never seem to get enough of them. Of course, haven't creativity time either but inspiration is there. How about you?
  Thanks for the RT. Thought that set up was pretty amazing.
 Evernote Raises $50 Million, Aims To Become a “100-Year Company” 
 What You Can Do With 100 Olympus Cameras  Very cool ad shoot.
 RT  all set to deliver 8 pieces to Cousen Rose Gallery, Martha's Vineyard - opening Saturday 7 -9 pm 
  You're welcome. I hope you're having a wonderful Wednesday. Stay cool!
 RT  Sometimes you gotta know when to just go to sleep and let your creativity unfold through your dreams. - exactly
  Will check it out. Thank you!
  Waving back. Hope it's a good one. TY   
 Added a gorgeous piece by Bill Geisinger to our collection last weekend.    
  Downside is spending even less time sharding. At least I'm getting tons of inspiration! Will look to your blog for proj news.
  Sounds like things are well. Good news! I'm great-Yosemite last wknd, Music w/ fiends this & Morro Bay wknd after that.  ☼
  Believe or not, sitting in my office w/ AC vent taped over & still have to have heater going. Stay cool & enjoy. Are pix flickred?
 RT  My studio is so messy... < love it!
  It sounds like you are having a beautiful day. I hope you're getting more pix of your garden friends. Enjoy!
  So how are you my friend? How goes the "special project"? I'm intrigued. I hope you and Molly are keeping well and happy!
  My pleasure. Have a terrific Tuesday!
 TY    and to you!     
  My pleasure!      
  My great pleasure. Hope you had a fabulous weekend. Happy Monday!
  I love it when I can surprise pleasantly. Ad yes, I do like to look in on some of my favs when I have the time. 
  I did...and you're very welcome. :)  
 RT  Fabulous and Funky "Red Thunder" Feather and Crystal Earrings stores.  - beautifully fun
 RT  Accidental Chinese Hipsters via  
 RT  Finished yesterday but still good today ~ Boat Landing on a Sandy Cove by Russ Potak etsy.me/nuRBMr via 
  So why the unfollow?
 RT  I just gave  +K about  on  klout.com/shardArtist/to… Why thank you!
 RT   Yosemite  awesome! Talk about creative inspiration - I'll say!  and 
  and to you as well. TY!   
  Big hug back and one for Molly as well. Had a wonderful weekend in Yosemite. Hope your was equally cool.
  Ditto. Looking forward to your tweets.
 RT   Some wonderful ppl to follow!   TU doll
 RT  Some wonderful ppl to follow!   - TY! - absolutely wonderful peeps!
 RT  some of my bff on twitter       - back atcha!
 RT   Artists&Creatives     TY for the kind  Hope it was a wonderfully creative weekend!
  Thank you so much for the  Hope you had a fabulous weekend!
  Thank you for the  Hope you had a marvelous weekend!
  Thank you for the very kind  Had a great time in Yosemite. Hope your weekend was just s wonderful!
  Thank you so much for the  Hope you had a great weekend!
  Thank you. Had a great time. Yosemite Falls  i the morning from swinging bridge. 
         - TY!
  As promised, Yosemite pic. This one: Bridal Veil Falls. 
       TY! - out the door & heading for Yosemite. - Best to all!
 About to leave for Yosemite. Gonna be beautiful.
 YouTube Unveils Slick Experimental Redesign, Codenamed Cosmic Panda  < looks good
 Watches Are Rediscovered by the Cellphone Generation  < I hope this means they'll start training  again.
 RT  check out how ... is trying to find best practices from independent cultural spaces across Europe: 
 RT  RamonaArt Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    < TY!
 Artist Pamela Irving's project to overhaul Patterson underpass   
  there you are. 404-40?
 TY!         -and good day to you. ☼
  Thank you for the RT. Glad you enjoyed the chokes. 
 Pixable Adds a Timeline of Facebook Photos You Liked & Commented On.  < finally
 RT  Bravo to  ..Find Your Light supporting arts education. Our kids NEED the arts! findyourlightfoundation.org -yes
 An Artist of Selective Abandon    - "American painting has lost a towering and inspirational talent."  - sigh
  This is a tweet and this is where you find them. ❤
  I head to Yosemite after work today to do the same. Enjoy your play! ...and the working part of the the summer too. :)
 RT  Be a better blogger RT  Cate Thomassen 21 Dangerous Blogging Mistakes (& How to Fix Them) ow.ly/5y5VW < TY!
 ... meanwhile, Nepal Bans Tibetan Assemblies on Dalai Lama's Birthday 
 HH the Dalai Lama celebrates 76th birthday during the Kalachakra for World Peace at the Verizon Center in Washington, DC 
  - Much better than the iPhone version.
 Now this is bloom'n artichoke.  
  sounds busy but then there is never enough time. I hope you'll remember to play a little during your off time. 
 RT  Obama: "Every time we've made a public investment in education, it's paid off many times over...we've got to get our pri ...
 RT  Gotta shutdown, really getting hot in here and keyboard is heating up. Will gratitude/luv ya all later. - sounds lovely
 President Obama Sends First Live Tweet at Twitter Town Hall [PIC] 
 Gillian Welch: Cover Art The Old-Fashioned Way   
 21 Dangerous Blogging Mistakes (and How to Fix Them) 
  It has been awhile. Nice to see you again. What does your summer hold once your in-laws have departed?
 RT  A sad day. You will indeed be missed Mr. Twombly. 
   Super of you to ask. Not yet I'm afraid but I'll be happy to let you know when it's up. Soon I hope.
  Thanks Jason. I've been tweeting with Jeff for awhile and agree. Will check out your site as well. 
 Olallieberry fingers. To be rewarded with pie tonight! 
 RT  ...hot off the V-log press w/ SM guru of the wk  Please come see tinyurl.com/42mqyec < will check it out!
  Absolutely and to you as well!
  Thank you Julia! Hope your day is sparkling. Happy 4th.
  My pleasure Everett. Happy 4th, hope you're enjoying the day!
         TY! Hope U had a gr8 wkend!
 RT  lovely wishes to you!       TY! & to you!
 RT   inspiration         - yes
 Going to Yosemite with dinner at the Ahwahnee. It's been a day of booking great adventures.
 Hi  Happy  Have a wonderful loooooong weekend!
 The new sofa arrives tomorrow! What a pleasure this is going to be.
  My pleasure. So are you getting summer up there this wknd? We're supposed to be cook'n in SBay....finally!
      Some fav  to  -and thanks to you all!
  Definitely cut back on getting the flu!  increasing number of vacations will prob help. Twitter moderation, but don't go away.
  Nice to see you again. It's been awhile since we've chatted. Hope it's all good. Thanks your for the  Have a great weekend!
  You're welcome Vance. It's been awhile. Hope all is well. Must check in to see what you've been up to. TY!
  Happy Canada Day!
  Enjoy! This Canuck has to wait until Monday for the  holiday. wishing for 
  I'll drink to that...but not until I get off work. :)
 RT  Canada Day 2011: Canadian  |  Daily Art Fixx |  - Happy Canada Day Eh! 
 Happy Friday!         
           
           
      _ You too!
      Thank you for  and  Happy Friday!
  Aren't they great? Thanks for the RT!
 33 Creative Shopping Bag Advertisements  - creative indeed
 Bloom'n artichokes!  
  My pleasure Everett, beautiful work.
 RT  When carrying a sleeping child 2bed in the dark, make sure doors are open. Kids make cranky, ineffective battering rams
  So, home in order yet? Paper arrived? Plans for the weekend?
 RT  My favorite shoes ever! :)  Cute and very cozy I'm sure. :)
  She lives!!! Life is good. What's up with you? When are we going to have that phone conversation?
  Thanks for the  wish. Hope you're Thursday is a great one!
  My pleasure!
  Sounds like you're on the right track-keep up the good work :) Have a lovely celebration   
 RT  No. 486 goo.gl/KfzxK    - Love the attitude. Nice.
  Beautiful ...congratulations!
 RT  Today is my (and wife's) wedding anniversary. We've been married 18 years (I got married at 21 ;)) - Congratulations!
 RT  I resemble... When I paint, I often lose time & space. I enter another sphere where its just me & the canvas.
 Appeals court upholds health care law 
 Beautiful  -thank you.
 What's wrong with this picture? Oh ya, it's almost July in California!!! 
 Almost July and we just started a fire in the fireplace. I want summer!!!
 RT  Jumpseat from Ziba is an elegant auditorium chair.   - cool
 RT  RT  'Hoping for the best': Blaze rages near nuclear site  (scroll to bottom) -scary -sad
  It really was quite adorable. Thanks for the RT!
 RT  Holy smokes here comes the rain on doppler...check out the red and yellow...intense rain...oof.   AUGH!!
   We're expecting it this afternoon. Enough already...I'm so ready for summer. Maybe July?
  TY for RT. Clearly an escaped domestic. I sat on the step talking to it (yes, I talk to bunnies) & it was totally unconcerned.
 A nice change from snails eating our flowers. Much cuter at any rate.  
  Hope fires under control soon 4 your sake & forest etc open b4 Sept 4 ours. I know we'll want to take detours & go exploring.
  Thanks for the RT. Isn't it fabulous work?
  I'll say! and you're very welcome.
 RT  Persistence won’t let go of an idea. Inspiration is when the idea won’t let go of you. - so very true
 RT  Heroes with Bling:  SF Drag Queens Immortalized in Mosaic by Michael Kruzich  - fabulous!
  My great pleasure Annick.
  :)
  You're very welcome!
  - My pleasure!    
   Plan to drive to SF in Sept. Fiancee loves it (NM born), me a 1st timer. Hope all he wants to show me is still there. :)
 RT  beautiful works by   ‘Unfolding of a Dream'. < beautiful & poignant
 RT  This is the new fire. Walking with friends yesterday evening before the sun had set   - So sad
 RT  Photo: › Floating World, A Bird Comes › › Brigitte Carnochan Thank You artemisdreaming 
 RT  I remember ...Babar illustrations. -ditto  My new blog..I hope you will enjoy it ! 
  Thank you so much for the mention.
  You're welcome and thank you and thank you and you're welcome. :) Hope you're having a great Monday so far.
  You're very welcome.
 TY  for the  How was our weekend? Hope it was fun  and full of creativity.
  Sounds fun...and exhausting. Enjoy!
  Thank you! Feel free to sign my name as well.
  Sorry to hear it. Maybe summer will come next weekend...in July!
 Fun shopping trip planned for today! Going to look for my sweetheart's  ♥
     You're very welcome. Have a wonderful weekend!
 Thanks    Enjoy ART KNOWLEDGE NEWS > Published daily in 55 languages, FREE.,.  www.ArtKnowledgeNews.com -I do!
  Sounds wonderful. We've had 2, maybe 3 summer days so far and today we're back in the fog. Augh!
  My pleasure Wendy. Hope you're not freezing to death up there. We're close to it in SBay this morning. 
  You're very welcome and thank you! How is the weekend going so far? Hope you're having a marvelous day.
  Thank you Robin, you a well. Is it at least summer in Austin? It seems to be having a problem taking hold here.
 Big  Thank you!!!        ❀
  gratitude!        
 Some Fav            
           
 Great art          
 RT  I hope Peter Falk walked to death's door and turned round just before exiting to say 'oh, just one more thing...' RIP
  I'm way behind on that too. There is so much going on there. I'll pop by later to see what you've posted lately. Always beautiful!
  Good to hear. It does sound like you're making up for it. Pix on Flickr? I have so many to upload... Soon!
  Happy Thurs to you! I hope your week's been going well and that you have a fun weekend planned.
   You're welcome to both. It's my pleasure.
  oh, and thanks for this  mention too. Goes both ways.
  Thank you! It was fun.
   Sorry to hear of rocky start but glad it's improved. I hope you're well and enjoying some great play outdoors weather!
 RT  ..this weeks V-log w/ SM hero of the week Artist  tinyurl.com/3tfeebo  - enjoyed -gr8 hero choice!
  am following back and looking forward to the same. 
   I would have too. Feel the same. Even have a pomm tatt.
 RT  thank you for tossing my pebbles into your tweet stream   and  -YW, hope they made a splash!
  Hmmm, not sure about that. I generally spend a bit of everyday being terrified but I'm very rarely bored. Boredom terrifies me.
 RT  ...abstract...artist  Incredible work for any collector's collection  - I'll 2nd that!
  My pleasure. I do hope you're have a very happy, crashing bore free Wednesday!
   Dreadful. No good ever came of boring.  :)
 RT  I'm almost afraid to ask how we have pomegranates in June!! twitpic.com/5fbz5n - I'd say that's  legitimate fear.
 RT  Don't You Think The Tea Party Just Needs To Get Away This Summer?  - definitely
   Hi both! All very well here. Finally enjoying some blazing summer. ☼ Happy Solstice (a day late). How R things w/ you?
  Thank you Ruth. That's very sweet. We are a very happy couple. sigh....
  Thanks again, will do. - Absolutely, I'll check out your FB page as well. Cheers
 The trail head at Mauna Ulu. Formerly part of Chain of Craters Road buried by lava in 1974. Fun & fascinating hike.  
 RT  Marilyn Monroe poses over the updraft from a subway grate artpr.org/ligMgL    - gotta love MMonroe
  Sounds like fun. Wish I could be there to see you play. TY, I am very happy & never tire of admiring the sparkles & colour chg :)
  Glad it's not horrible. Mine's going pretty well. Work days are the usual, evenings much closer to great. Hope yours gets great!
  Thank you for the  Hope you're having a wonderful week.
  Thank you Jeff, I'm looking forward to checking it out.  
  TY4 asking but not yet. Life keeps happening delaying blog. Day job interferes w/ art :( -Look frwd to time w/ your site!
 It's the First Day of Summer! Shall We Offer Flowers?   via 
  No it's not...It's a plan! :)
  How's it going my dear? Hope all is well with you and your 3-D.
  Thank you for the RT. - Really hoping to make it there one day.
 RT  10 Weirdest Places to Live    - gotta be hell finding parking for a walking house.
   - Thank you!
  Thank you Connie, it was!
  My extreme pleasure David. I am so looking forward to reading the memoir.
 RT  New  post: The Great Spirit gave me my humor...  - beautiful ditch hopping
 RIP  Giant in so many ways. You will be missed. Feel so fortunate 4 the times I heard you play live-will never be the same.
 Thank you  .....  to you too!
  It's a very happy weekend, thank you Hope yours is the same!
  Thank you Forex! Have a fabulous Sunday. ☆҉‿↗•*´¯`❥ •*¨ღ :)
  it's fabulous! Trying to respond on posterous but not working for me right now. Will keep trying. Congratulations my friend
  Good morning! Have a beautiful day. - A pleasure to make your acquaintance. ☼
  Thank you my friend, you are very sweet. I hope you're having a fabulous day. ❀
 You're very welcome  it was my pleasure!
 My pleasure     - have a warm wonderful weekend!
 TY       4 your kind  blessings & greetings. HappyDayAll!
 Bugger, sore throat at close of business on Friday. Going home to ColdFX.
 Much gratitude   to you!
  Thank you Robin! I just visited your Etsy site. Some great work there.   
  My pleasure Russ.
  I think you may be right, a la Wizard of Oz, right? Anyway, beautiful images.
 RT   Please follow  An extremely talented Swiss painter, with an amazing sense of color  - indeed!
 RT  Stunning field of opium poppies  RT  don't know what I thought they'd look like, but wow!
  My pleasure Elaine! TY for the same. Was just on your blog-love this entry.  in  
  Ah yes, Matisse red...it works.
  Thank you Russ. I sure have been loving beholding your art on FB btw...  Great work.
  Thank you so much for  Love the new profile pic. You look great but the shirt and message are pretty wonderful too. :)
  Thank you so much for that kind  Finally saw your new vlog. tinyurl.com/28qrszx Thnx for intro to 
  You're very sweet. No problem, it happens all the time. Thanks for the correction. :)
  Thank you so much for the  Have I ever mentioned how much I enjoy your work?   
  Likewise my friend and thank you! Who knows...one day we might meet in person. Would be cool.  :)
  You are oh so very welcome Rod. Thank you! ...although my name's Thomassen not Thompson. ;) Happy  !
   Graphic Artist, Illustrator, Poster Artist with many other talents whose an all-round great person & fun tweeter. -TY!
 Some favs to            !
            !
            !
 Gr8  to follow!         
  You're very welcome!
 RT  Thanks for RT       - My pleasure!
 TY!  Abstractions Daily  ▸ Top stories today via    
 Museum of Underwater Modern Art, Mexico. Explores relationships between art, science & environment.  -next snorkel dest?
 RT  Danish photographer wins Leica Oskar Barnack Award  Haitian catastrophe -beautiful photography sad images
  ;-)
  Well I'm actually a dual citizen born in Canada but Boston deserved it. Besides Vancouver beat my  :)
 RT  The  congratulate a fellow  Original Six franchise the Boston Bruins on winning the 2011 Stanley Cup! - nice
 Feeling embarrassed to be a Canadian right now. What's with the booing Vancouver? 
 Congrats Tim  you deserve it! 
 RT  Congrats to the Boston Bruins. 
 RT    Thank you for the RTs. Hope you're all having a good Wednesday ~ My pleasure, good Wed to all! Thnx
 RT  Did a whole bunch of new nature photography coming soon. - Looking forward to seeing it!
 RT  The AZ fire has quadrupled in size and is in NM now, though it's far to the east & it still isn't contained.  -sad news
    Thank you! Hope you're all having a sunny day.
  Thank you Darrell!
 RT   A cake that looks like a sandwich!  Why not?  - mmm, cake for lunch.
  Sounds wonderful...literally. :) It was very relaxing & fun to watch. Very cool, tho was the engagement-wedding still to come. :)
 RT  Wonderful Wed Follows!  - Thank you & the same of all!
 RT  Which Is It, San Francisco? Do You Want Sidewalk Gardens Or Not?
  Thanks Ruth, he seems to think so and that works for me. :0) How are you doing? Making art? Settled in? Staying well? Hi 2 Molly
  I think you made your point and that's the point, no?
 The trail head at Mauna Ulu. Formerly part of Chain of Craters Road buried by lava in 1974. Fun & fascinating hike 
 RT  wouldn't it be fun to do garden bartering? You give me some lettuce and I'll swap you some oranges.”love this! - great idea!
  Always a good idea. Cheers!
  I think you've got it this time.  :)
  Wine time.
  Had just the best time. Snorkeled kayaked hiked volcanoes&rainforests & ...a proposal  
  Thank you and to you too! 
 RT  RT   r Pastel: The Woods at Night flic.kr/p/9cSt86 - lovely
  Oh Liza, there were so many bees that in the early morning it almost sounded like a chainsaw at work. It was wonderful.
 RT  These sunny blue skies, sure feel good.   ...and none too soon.
 Flipping Through Portable Artwork NYT    -books aren't dead, at least not in art.
  I think the Bee Whisperer would have loved our cottage in Maui. So many flowers, so many bees. beautiful 
 Thank you! RT          Hurray!
  Thought of you when we saw this beautiful 'ama'u fern growing on the Mauna Ulu lava. :)  
 Thank you  - I've added you too! :) Thank you 
 RT  Use elements of writing in your paintings for cohesion, power and harmony  helpful&informative as ever
 RT  I also found what I think is a Pidonia scripta beetle at the arboretum   Beautiful pic
 Now Starring in Chicago, a Prime Rauschenberg  - mm, I love this piece.
 RT    Image made of 2.4 m. pieces of plastic. Estimated lbs of plastic entering oceans every hour 
 RT  Collecting Wildflower seed pods.      - these are really beautiful
  Augh - not soon enough!!!
 RT  Beautiful pinhole photograph from    - amazing shot
  depends on how one's using the day. At work I find quite sufficient, at home, or out playing - not so much. :0)
  TY 4 the RT. I thought it lovely as I was entwined w/ my sweetheart sunset watching just across the road. 
 Sunsets and romance just seem to go together. on Twitpic: 
  You're very welcome Vance. 
  Had a great time with friend & meeting beau. He's great & it's nice to have us both so happily coupled. Wknd too short, as always.
  Glad you're wknd was so FAB. They're such precious things. Chilly's nice at night esp if little ones looked after & it's a hot day
  My pleasure Gabriel, as always. :)
 RT  Today's Post - Painting Focal Points - 5 Main Elements of The Center of Attention - bit.ly/FocalPoints - more sage advice
 My sincerest best wishes to  Get well Jack and we’ll see you in September.  
  My pleasure Russ!
 RT  Finished this from a sketch on my walk today. ~ Wooded Path to Lake etsy.me/qRpF7o via  - reminds me of old home, nice
  I hope your weekend was fabulous, and that you're managing to stay cool. Feel free to send any unwanted heat our way.
  You're welcome, beautiful pic! Nice wknd in coastal town of Morro Bay meeting my dear friend's new boyfriend. Visited from Canada.
     Hello and thank you. I hope you're all having a lovely Monday!
  Oh David, it's just too sad to fathom. My heart is with Norway.
 Oslo Explosion: Norwegian Arrested, Police Believes Attacks Were Linked [VIDEO] 
