 RT  LinkedIn now let's you apply for jobs with one click using your profile's information:  
  And how's your day going now? Better than the am? :)
  Thanks for the RT!
  Thanks for the RT!
 Good thoughts on branding smaller businesses. A Blueprint for Branding a Business at Every Stage | BNET 
 An oldie, but a goodie. What makes people happy at work? | BNET 
 I enjoyed reading this today. A thoughtful article. Klout: Not much influence -   via 
 Good tips for creating a website. Something I could use...RT  A Template for Killer Website Content 
 Some days you just need yoga. Today is one of those days for me.
 Turn Every Employee Into a Spokesperson:  via 
  Me too. I feel like every post I read makes me want to develop a new program and think through new ways of doing things!
  Nice!
  Nice! Was it hot and humid today?
 Heard great things about the new pizza. Domino's runs unfiltered customer comments on Times Square billboard  
 RT  The State Of The Internet Infographic Is A Must-See  via 
 Got my copy of Smart Business, Social Business by  this morning. I love Amazon pre-ordering! Can't wait to get started!
 I think this is the second year Omaha made this list! RT   nails Kiplinger "Best Value City for 2011" 
 This couldn't be more true. All points very well articulated: Ten Reasons Why the Agency Model is Broken 
 New blog post: The countdown is ON. 
  Well best of luck to you - wishing you lots of focus and productivity today!
 RT  Congrats to  for her win in the 100m fly! First gold for the U.S. Pool team at World Championships! 
 RT  How Whole Foods Market uses social media to keep its marketing fresh 
  Starting early today! How about you?
  agreed! Makes for a great end to the weekend.
 So many things to get done this week! Getting an early start.
 The Earth's hottest places!  via 
 California's Disabled Parking Placards Sent To The Dead  via 
 Well, this is interesting RT  Crossing the Content Chasm 
 I love the idea of adding gamification to communities.  
 Is Google+ removing brand accts b/c they want control of how brands & ppl use the platform? Seems good 4 new community. 
 Study: Billable hours at PR firms up, productivity down | Articles 
 How wonderful, the city is digging a hole in front of my house!
 I feel like I have something against Google+. Not sure why.
 What a great article - 5 Tips for Building a Community Management Strategy -  via 
 Social media burning up over heat wave - USATODAY.com:  via 
 About time! AP sources: Panetta to OK end of military gay ban  via USA TODAY
 Opening up betting to other areas seems like it would bring new audiences to casinos. Pretty interesting idea. 
 What a crazy process! Snail Mail: It Takes Awhile to Get This Stamp of Approval 
 RT  Advisory: Google+ Begins Booting Brands 
 Curious to see what ppl think about this - avg. value of a FB fan $3.60. 
 Some quick thoughts on Spotify. I haven't had much time to play w/it yet, but am hoping to this weekend! 
 Some much more to online influence than what an app can tell you -- from  
 Well said. RT  Content Marketing as a “Force Multiplier” 
 Enjoyed reading this Q&A today  - What Small Businesses can learn from Intel's Social Media Strategy 
 Another article reiterating how important it is to keep any eye on what you post online (via  
 Looks like a great event!  In ATL 4 Soc. Media Integration Conf  cc:   
 RT  Common branded community mistakes (an example):    
 RT  Top 10 Ways to Succeed in    
 Ha. RT  53% of 16-22 year-olds would give up their sense of smell to keep their phone or laptop  via 
  I haven't, but will check it out. Thanks for the suggestion!
 Good reminder from Mr. Godin: RT 
 Was actually happy to see the rain this morning. It's still nice and warm outside though!
 Nearly 1/2 of the US population facing extreme heat. Yes. I would say so. (via CNN) 
 RT  Keep Your Eye on These 3 Consumer Trends. 
 Paid social media: 5 opportunities you're overlooking - iMediaConnection.com  via 
 Looking for a new book to read - any suggestions?
 For the small business owner - ways to increase your profits through productivity 
 Today is looking like it's going to be a great day. Love it when that happens!
   The article isn't bad I just feel it's early in general to use + for mktg. Would rather wait to see ppl use first.
 AmEx Links Up Facebook With Coupon-less Deals, And Lets Merchants Go Social via  
  I don't think it's bad, I just am not sure I'd use it yet for marketing. Might just be that I'd like to see how it unfolds.
 Good quote for today. RT  "Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." ~ William James
 Liked reading this today. 5 Types of Content That Every Business Must Employ  via 
 No more  flights for a number of small towns - including MS and Iowa. Sad. 
 I normally love  posts, but I feel like today's advice might be a bit premature (Google+ content mkt tips)?? 
 Harry Potter breaks the weekend box office record. Can't say I'm surprised there. Was a great movie! 
 Alright. I need a productive day today.
 World Cup final sets two Twitter records  
 8 Social Media Behaviors that Won't Win You Customers 
 Not sure I'm ready to dive in yet, but a good resource for Google + RT  Information on Google+ 
  Thanks! Was my best swim in a long time!
 Sometimes it takes looking outside your organization to get a new perspective on it. 
 Always good stuff from  (RT) Content is King, Creative is Queen 
 It's most definitely time for businesses to get on the ball and become more social - there are still SO many that aren't 
 This is a SMART idea for those of us without good local produce - fruit and veggie deliveries! FUN. 
 Going for a much needed swim...
 Good conversation happening over at Spin Sucks today 
   OF COURSE!
 YES! RT  Today’s 17 Days item is a pair of  Enter for a chance to win here:  
 Love seeing agencies make changes to try and stay current in the marketing world. 
 Just set up my account on  Interested to play with it! Click here to set up yours. 
 Oh dear, this Monday is already unproductive.
 How to Hire the Right Consultant for Content Marketing 
 Nordstrom anniversary sale today! LOVE it all!
 New blog post: Nordstrom's Anniversary Sale Starts Today - 
 I just love the idea of  adventures: 
 Completely missed this news this week! Looking forward to the updates coming to Pandora! 
 I know a few people that should be on this Vogue panel:  Great idea.
 Hootsuite has been sucking for me lately (all week).
 Rejuvenate and grow business by getting customer feedback - what a concept! 
 Nice! JetBlue offers $4 L.A.-area Carmageddon flights | Reuters  via 
 So many takeaways for businesses from how the military. What a great interview. 
 RT  How  should use social media--tips for success   
  cute!
 Need to find a good statement necklace in gold. Any suggestions?
 Some good content suggestions for marketers. RT  New post: 25 Great Facebook Page Content Ideas 
 Alternatives to Netflix streaming... 
 RT  Great tool for Cause Marketing!  10 social tools to put to work for your cause.   
 Overcoming changes! Tips to help. 
 New Blog Post - Book Review: Bright Lights, Big Ass by Jen Lancaster 
 Good guide, but common sense! The Entrepreneur's Guide to Coffee Shop Etiquette  via  
  I'm thinking I might have to do the same! As long as they start getting better movies on the streaming I'd be okay with that.
 Man, Netflix. Will be looking for other options I think...
 iMedia 25: 2011 East Coast Agencies to Watch - iMediaConnection.com  via 
 The 3 Building Blocks of Social Business Evolution  via 
 RT  Google+ About To Hit 10 Million Users 
 Woot. 
 This is kinda awesome "Heart Raps" -- $50 gets you a custom rap. Perhaps for my upcoming anniversary?  (via 
 Five Digital Shops in the Heartland  via 
 I like this investment in Detroit. Are other cities doing something similar? Motor City Gets Creative w/ Jobs - 
 RT  The 4 C's of community building 
 Now's the time to re-energize your content and content plans!  (from 
  Yeah, I can see that. We've got a new specimen of bugs around here that like grains apparently. It's sick.
  I think it's so they go stale and you have to buy more, but I hate that.
 Why don't manufacturers put re-sealable bags in cereal and cracker boxes? It's annoying.
 This is really interesting. RT  8 Components of Online Trust [Infographic] 
 Time for some spanish with 
 Wishing I was going to be near a Nordstrom on Friday for the anniversary sale! Some great stuff this year!!
 Great stuff! RT  5 Ways To Develop a Company Culture for Remote Teams  via  
 I'm liking this. RT  What is procrastination? 5 perspectives  And 4 tricks 4 overcoming it 
 RT       "10 Tips for Better B2B Community Management" 
 RT  Facebook Hires New Director of Product, Tom Stocky, From Google 
 RT  5 B2B Facebook Pages Worth Copying  
 I love weddings. RT  List of the top 10 most popular wedding flowers! Do yours make the list?  
 This is fun. 35 movie quotes for entrepreneurs. 
 Content development tips - always great ideas from the Content Marketing Institute! 
 Ha! RT  If you have a 29-line email signature, you probably shouldn't be allowed to use email.
 I just love Zappos. New campaign: 
 RT  YouTube's new interface/version, Cosmic Panda, is a win for users -  via 
 Great tips! RT  Ignore These 10 Outdated Pieces of Career Advice by  -  
 Great article today by  A business leader must-read. 
 RT  [Good Read] 9 Things Google+ Needs for Me to Ditch Facebook 
 When I walk outside I feel like I'm in a steam room. 
 New blog post with the recipes for Plum BBQ Chicken & Stuffed Jalepnos! Great summer dish! 
 Good reminder. RT  The walls we build around us to keep sadness out also keeps out the joy.  ~Jim Rohn
 RT  In developing countries, learning  can increase earning power of individuals by around 25% 
  where are you? That looks amazing!
 RT  SocialBase Group Plan: seamless collaboration for the social media "architect" and their 4 favorite "carpenters"...
   oh, my bad.
  also...nice hashtag usage.
  of course not. I may be back someday. Every city needs a chick-fil-a (that you have access to).
 Um, this is awesome. RT  the president of Chick-fil-A announced the company will be opening in Omaha in the fall 2012.
 RT  "Google's Changes to YouTube Strips Brands Bare" Interesting post via  
 the local news here just reported that you should drink choc. milk at the end of each workout. I feel like this isn't news.
 This one made me smile - customer loyalty post... 
 Good things to consider when hiring someone or an agency for content creation -- 
 Great article providing keys to a great company culture. It's so important in a workplace! 
 Great post: Is Facebook a Bubble? I think it's too early to make that claim, but interesting to think about 
 Ideas for better brainstorming. 
 New speakers added to Content Marketing World! Would LOVE to go to this event! 
 Who's watching? RT  WATCH LIVE: Astronauts inside shuttle  readying for its final flight. 
 RT  People don't Converse: they Comment. Big Difference 
 Obama's Twitter Town Hall By the Numbers [STATS]  via  
 Women making strides at start-ups. 
 James Spader joins the cast of The Office! YES! 
  that's so sad!
 5 lessons entrepreneurs can learn from Navy SEALs 
 RT  What’s Your Social Business Plan? - 
 Is your website using SEO correctly? Some great tips & ideas here. 
 New campaigns  you may not have heard of. RT  7 Twitter Marketing Campaigns to Learn From: 
 Love the SEA start-up scene! RT  The Seattle Startup Recipe (or why this is a great place to start a company) ...
  thanks for taking the time to do the webinar today. Great stuff. Am looking forward to reading your book! 
 "Regardless of what you're going to measure (RE: SocialBiz), it's important that everyone is bought into it."  
 RT  . would be a much better  forum than  given the length of his answers.
 This is a great Idea. RT  A conversation guide/activation kit for depts & BUs participating in social. Align, amplify,...
 RT  crazy .. whowouldathunk? - StumbleUpon sends more traffic to US websites than Facebook -  via...
 Brands should be looking at their data differently. Not only for marketing but to create better connections w/customers. 
 Listening to  talk about social business. If you're interested, join here: 
 RT  Today we are announcing three product enhancements: Video Calling, Group Chat, and a new Chat design   htt ...
 Geeking out on Facebook's livestream.
 Making remote working, work. I still can't believe more companies don't do this well.  (via 
 RT  Why meetings are bad for you 
 Sick. RT  Overworked America: 12 Charts that Will Make Your Blood Boil  (via 
  I'm not sure. Maybe SF? Find out in 30 days, but who's counting. I know, would love to be there (BH).
  You bet! All good here! Hope to be moving soon. Going to miss blogher this year...How are you?
 Couldn't agree more with this post about Google+ (or social media in general) by  
 Ha! RT  rumor is Facebook will announce today they are shutting down due to the popularity of 
 Why smart bosses hire athletes. 
 Twitter town hall with Obama today at 2 p.m. ET 
 Great content development tips. How Content Rules 
 RT   discusses move from social media to social business, including listening command centers.  ...
 RT  Prime time for mobile devices same as TV 
 RT  makes sense, antiquated brands RT  EXCLUSIVE: Google to Retire Blogger & Picasa Brands in Google+ Push - http:/ ...
 Love this article today. Tips for creating more efficient social media processes (via  
 GREAT DEAL! $35 for $115 Worth of Keepsake Books from Photobook America -  
 Am still not sure Nike re-signing Vick is the best decision ever. 
 RT  How To Choose A PR Agency by my good buddy &  partner   
 Whoa, serious storms across the south! Hope they clear up for fireworks!
 Happy Fourth, Everyone! 
 In the middle of nowhere!  Chick-fil-A 
 Signing off for the Fourth. Looking forward to a WONDERFUL weekend at Hilton Head with friends! Happy 4th, all!
 Great stuff. RT  (Must Read) Scorecard: How to Interview your Future Employer for the Corporate Social Strategist Position...
 RT  4 Steps to Integrate Social Media in Your Company  
  Thanks for the RT!
 Thx! RT  Mis gracias y mis  para        y...
 New blog post celebrating one year done in Columbus 
 I think I'm in heaven. Best restaurant ever.  Ecco 
 Love this hotel!  Indigo Hotel 
 I love content marketing tips. Always good reminders. 
 Incase you missed this- new social media revolution video w/lots of stats:  via 
 Happy to say that I won't be stressing out over flight delays from  as I will be DRIVING to my destination.
 It doesn't matter how many people like you.  (via 
 YESSS. RT  Skype Video Chat Comes to Android - 
 Well this was a little nugget of news I missed last night: JT to take ownership stake in myspace 
 This is interesting. RT  RT  Ben Brooks on Google+ - "How do you become a hip club?" 
  Thanks!
  Thanks for the RT!
 Loved this blog post today by  Totally feeling this. 
 Mapping content to the buying process. A great content grid to help guide strategy and planning sessions. 
 How Moleskin does marketing. 
 RT  The Seven Performance Metrics that Matter Most. 
 Great article with tips on creating your B2B social media plan from  
 Reading this today... RT  The Social Media ProBook: Vital knowledge for your social strategy  by 
 Why launch a social network but limit the people that can use it? Does that improve my experience if there's fewer ppl on it?
 New blog post -- On the hunt for some silver shoes! 
 I'm about half-way done reading Cluetrain Manifesto. I think it should be required reading for every business executive.
 Facebook is broken for me right now.
 RT  The Best Brands in Terms of Customer Service   
 Well this is interesting. 
 I love how slow my Internet is in Mississippi.
 How did this guy not think he'd get caught RT  RT  Ex-Citigroup VP accused of stealing $19 mil. 
 New blog post - Southern Living & Frizzy Hair 
 annoyed with wordpress today.
 This is a great resource for the business bloggers out there! 22 Wordpress Plugins for Content Marketers 
 2012 Olympic Athletes Are Welcome To Tweet  This is good news! RT 
 Totally a carpe diem kind of day... 
 And Walmart grocery shopping is best at 7 am on Monday mornings.
 Good quote for today! RT  As you grow older, you'll find the only things you regret are the things you didn't do.  ~Zachary Scott
 So now that my "c" button is fixed, the "g" breaks. Is this normal with macs or am I typing to aggressively?
 Watching CNN right now. Apparently Obama's view on same-sex marriage is "evolving"...hmm...okay.
  Yes, but I'm pretty sure it's because of the humidity here in the South...
 NY legalizes same sex marriage! 
 Social couponing trends - I'm a fan. 
 Thanks!! RT  Happy wknd  ladies!       
 "Smart companies will get out of the way and help the inevitable to happen sooner." - Cluetrain Manifesto 
  Most definitely!
 "We are immune to advertising. Just forget it." -- Cluetrain Manifesto (am LOVING this book)
  Great, thanks! Reading a ton today! How about you?
 Community         
 This is a fun Friday post bringing us back to the basics in social media use. 
 Keeping Innovation Strong When the Economy is Weak - Paul Nunes and Tim Breene - Harvard Business Review:  via 
 Why you need women leading in your organization - 
  I am just about to finish season one and LOVE it! Can't wait to see the rest!
  Very true. I forget that my use of social media sometimes is outside the norm (very much so).
 This surprises me. RT  A majority of Facebook users (56%) update their status less than once per week - 
 Thankful it's Friday and that we're almost into July!
  that's awesome.
 RT  We're thrilled to announce the 2011 Best Websites For Women. Check out the list and give us your feedback!  ...
 R/GA=Smart. Someday I want to work here. 
 RT  RT  7 Tactics to Delete From Your Social Media Strategy NOW 
 How to claim your business on Facebook Places (via  
 Reading The Cluetrain Manifesto today.
 Cute dresses on sale  today! 
  Great blog post today!
 Social media now directly influences search rankings | Christopher S. Penn : Awaken Your Superhero 
  would love to make that happen.
  It isn't surprising it just bothers me that it does happen all over the place.
 Good tips to try each day while at work! RT  The Happiness Dividend 
 This is crazy. All work and no pay: 
 Because we need more Potter. J.K. Rowling announces Harry Potter e-books  via USA TODAY
 This is smart for a consultant-type professional. 
 These LinkedIn articles continue to serve as a reminder for me that I need to do something with my profile. 
  You know it.
 Columbus' version of Starbucks. Will do for today.  Beans & Cream 
 Did you know that almost half of all moms Like your brand w/o you doing anything? 
 My inspiration for the day! RT  If you read anything today, read this from  Do Epic Shit! 
 RT  Google Breaks the 1 Billion Uniques Barrier [REPORT] - 
 This is crazy. Man robs bank for healthcare. 
 If you don't follow  you should. Also, sign up for the newsletters. They are SO valuable - lots of resources, stats and articles.
 Looking forward to this. RT  Join our webinar in July with    cc: 
 A good reminder that you can't just create and post your content. 
 Interesting take on "successful" social media campaigns - iMediaConnection.com  via 
 Not such a perfect day for a run, but am going to make it happen anyway...
 Sometimes I think "innovative campaigns" are subjective  via
 Food for thought when building an online community for your customers.  - RT   
 How to use social media to find a new job.  via 
 Be Stupid at Work: 
 Good recap for marketers of recent changes to Facebook Pages. 
  Have a good day!
 Perfect timing! Am thinking of buying one. RT  USAToday picks the B&N Nook over the Amazon Kindle: 
 Another great article to help with content creation/planning for your business - 
 60 days...
 Starting the week of with some Spanish from 
 Read Onward by Howard Schultz 
 To  My Dad 
 Good call... RT    Just keep your hands away from drinking glasses in the dark! 
 Looks like storms this afternoon. Might not be able to get a swim in today. I guess a run is in store.
 How Social Media Is Fueling the Food Truck Phenomenon  This is awesome. RT 
 Now if only I were going to one of these places soon RT  FLIGHTS ON SALE!    
 Stats! RT  Facebook Users are More Trusting, More Connected & More Engaged, Says Study 
 Wow, this is great. RT  LinkedIn's currently adding 1 million new members / week (~1 per second)... That's quite impressive.
  Too many to post but LOVE all the sequins!
 Some goregous new dresses up  online today! 
  Loved the dresses too! I haven't updated this blog in a while and am thinking I should start again!
  Thanks!
 LOVING the new  publisher feature. Will be great for brands using the product.
 Had to bust out the reading glasses for the first time in a year...not a good sign.
 A bit of a rant today: Every Town Needs A Good Grocery Store - 
 Not so much a fan of auto-gen "thanks for the follow" tweets.
  YES! Tomorrow though, need a break today.
 Pandora IPO, Facebook Photo App & More: This Morning's Top Stories  Morning social/tech news! RT 
  I'd like to! Think this might take me a while though!
 Level One Spanish in  is COMPLETE!
 And, time for my Spanish lessons today!
 Yes, I'm trying eggplant tonight.
 New examples for presentations? 10 Best Social Business Communities & Why They are Important  via 
  Happy Birthday!
 RT  The 10 commandments of   
 Found these fun to play with. RT  Helpful for  - 5 Productivity Tools To Boost Creativity 
 Jealous. RT   Met Valeria after her panel at  She's just as awesome as her articles are! 
 I think I tweet  posts daily...they are great reads! The Five Rs of 21st Century Content Curation 
 This is pretty cool. How Nike Stepped Up Its Social Media Game for the NBA Playoffs   via 
 This girl needs to stop talking about Bentley. She must be kicking herself watching this...
 Most definitely a step companies skip...Social Media Training is About Preparation, Not Tools 
 Good stuff, as always. Customers Continue to get Smarter. Is Your Business up for it? 
 New Blog Post - Feeling a Bit More Normal 
 I think it's really smart of publishing platforms to leverage the deals angle as new content and revenue streams. 
 Check out  new book, Marketing White Belt: 
 Boiler up! RT  Congrats to a pair of outstanding  
 RT  62% of Information Workers Already Work Remotely  (yep, that's me)
  why is your online checkout not working for me today?
 This guy's a sicko. Not a fan. 
 I love Gowalla. RT  Gowalla Goes to Digital Farmer's Market - 
 And I think I'm done working today.
 Smart stuff! Why owned media should come first, not last: Propulsion Blog: Ignition Consulting Group 
  Have fun! Drink some good wine for me.
  Congrats! That's so exciting!
 Good article for  peeps. Community Building begins with Community Organizing  via 
 THIS is awesome. Wish it existed when I was in school. 
 Finally finished Onward by Howard Schultz. Sad to say it was tough to get through the second-half. Still found parts to be inspiring though!
 Is it bad that I get my news lately from only Tweets?
 Not a surprise here. RT  Grand Effie Winner Hard to Beat   via 
 Woman gets Facebook friends tattoo. Weird. 
 Agree with this entirely - No template for good plans! RT  7 Steps to the Perfect Social Media Plan 
 Great post on free vs paid. RT  Seth's Blog: The game theory of discovery and the birth of the free-gap 
 RT  Links of any length shared on Twitter.com will now be automatically shortened - 
 I do too! RT  I hope  takes the opp to immediately change their bag policy. Their response  
 RT  How to Use Evernote: 22 Ways 
  agreed. Hope you feel better soon!
 Good Luck tonite! RT  Just saw a great creative showcase. On to the main course. 
 What is wrong with the Internet in Mississippi today?
  That was for lunch.
  We are good! Miss you guys! Not sure yet, it's not looking like this summer, maybe fall though! Will keep you posted!
  thanks!
 Nothing like a little Green Goodness Smoothie to get the day started.
 I love this. 15 indicators of social business transformation 
  YES! Dogtopia! Great place. My pup loves it.
 RT  "Don't solve for fan-building, solve for entreprise-wide engagement," says  [Slideshare]  ...
 Totally wish today was Wednesday.
 Gorgeous day for a swim outside!
 RT  Eleven Community Management Tips for Nonprofits  via    
  It's great! Thanks for sharing it.
 A reminder about Facebook promotions/contests: 
 Good, inspiring article for entrepreneurs. RT  Entrepreneurial advice: Take that very first step 
 Hot and humid here in Mississippi today! I kind of LOVE it.
  Congrats! I like your site!
 Working on some social media guides today. One of my favorite things to do. So much great information out there to share with others!
 RT  RT  The Efficacy of a Social Media Corporate Guide |  <good stuff via 
 Sounds awesome. RT  Taste of  Sand in the City and the West O Wine Festival.  Now that's a good weekend in the Big O!
  I can't help it if I'm slow, DP. Glad to have you here though.
  what a great post. Thanks for sharing!
  and when did you get on twitter?
 RT  Where is your company on the social maturity scale?  via 
 RT  New Mobile Marketing Study: What it Means for Content Marketers 
 Was just thinking about this and how difficult it is to go from Social Brand to Social Biz  via 
  I think I like it.
 oooh. A Palin/Trump ticket would be quite interesting for the Republicans... I kind of want to see that...
 Good reminder for PR peeps today. What the Playground Can Teach you about Social Media  via 
 RT  Happy  Here are three free apps that will help you stay in shape: 
  just pre-ordered my copy of your book! Can't wait!
 RT  Facebook hits 700,000,000  via 
 Cut up a really hot pepper and rubbed my face. Worst. Idea. Ever.
 And the C on my keyboard keeps falling off. Annoyed.
 Looking forward to  chat in a few! Will be one of the first times I can actually participate and not have to read the transcripts!
 This makes a lot of sense to me. RT  The Future of Content Marketing: 4 Tips to Help You Prepare 
 RT  In 2010 U.S. workers gave up 448 million unused vacation days worth $67.5 billion, based on avg salary of...
 Am on my last plane for the week. Only a few more hours (4) to go!
 RT  <crickets> RT  Ashton Kutcher Teams With UberMedia To Launch A.plus, His Own Custom Twitter App  ...
 Beginning to love this airport.  ATL Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International 
 Just saw all the tornado damage in Missouri. So sad.
 Interesting..RT  The Real Cost Of Social Media [INFOGRAPHIC]  
 RT  Home Depot Puts a New Spin on the Idea of 'Sales Rep' With Social Media Store Associates (AdAge): 
 Airlines are so inefficient.
 Officially hate flying 
 Trying to fly home today!  ORD Chicago O'Hare 
 I'm at ORD Chicago O'Hare in Chicago, IL 
 RT  Human Business is Social Business: 
 RT  Excellent post RT  RT  16 causes of conflict in an online community - Community Management  . ...
 Blog Post: May is the Month of Weddings! 
 I really need to do this today. RT  5 Tips for Polishing Your LinkedIn Account  [Great stuff from 
 Boiler up!  RT  Speaking Up in Class, Silently, Using Social Media -  (Introverts rejoice!)
 RT  RT  Amazon.com sells more Kindle books than paperbacks and hardcovers  tip 
 A quote from  "I don't understand why we are in the stone age again." I very much echo this sentiment.
 RT  42 Facts About Twitter [Infographic] 
 Adding to my list of summer travels - Photo exhibit called "Beauty Culture" (via   - 
 For the cooks and foodies out there. 
 Some  advice I need to follow from  
 Great, great article - content marketing and the buyer's journey. 
 Am thinking this book about ESPN may need to go on my reading list (via  
 Love this. RT  "Social media is insatiable. It is a beast that thrives on content." -  at 
 iMedia 25: 2011 West Coast Agencies to Watch - iMediaConnection.com  via 
 RT  Google Responds to Google+ Account Suspension Controversy: 
