 RT  Sick of Washington? It's time, once again, to revisit my plan to fix the American political system: 
 I AM A MULTITASKING GOh crap.
  Ha! I hadn't put them all together like that. ;)
 Decisions, decisions on CNN.com. Should I read about USPS closings, the debt ceiling, Mariah Carey on HSN or Ben Affleck's new hairstyle?
 For  folk with young kids, a very nice book: Dan Yaccarino's All the Way to America 
 Playing Mastermind before bedtime. Apparently it is not I that is. 
 RT  My filing system for important papers works so well that I cannot find them.
 Note to Self: Find inventor of kids Crocs and punch him in the nose.
 PRO TIP: Do not try to wave away annoying mosquitos while holding a pruning saw. Unless you've always wanted the nickname "Van Gogh"
 On second thought, perhaps it wasn't my best idea to have shown our kids how far I can spit a cherry pit.
 Wife just called from her first ever trip to Walmart: "I could die in here and no one would know it!"
  Ha!
 I wish fast food places would synchronize their drink sizes. When I order a large I don't really need a coke big enough to bathe in.
 Besides the fact that she is a complete idiot, why is she topless in her mug shot? Mom left daughter, 1, in hot car 
  Time to step it up with Esperanto! 
 RT   i just got pitched by a flak for Gregory D Evans to cite him as an expert. <-Can you choose what kind of expert?
 An excellent photo: 'The eagle couldn't have picked a better person' 
 I aint afraid to wrassle no bear. As long as he's drunk. and a pacifist.
 When I see "Photo's" and "Video's" I dearly want to rip out those apostrophes and go Fargo on them. But in a nice, helpful way.
 A perfect name for Archaeology P*rn 
  Been awhile, but try CTRL-i  to invert.
 Updated my Ancestry Pie spreadsheet - cleaner look. Info and download link here:  
 Wow. Autistic Teen Finds Inner Voice. 
 RT  Can a playground be too safe?   (via NY Times)
 Ruh roh. Going to be a long day.
 NEWS FLASH: Free stuff from people you don't know & install on your *insert device here* may not care about your security nor your privacy.
 While I got ready for work son snuck into our bed to read his pile books. Wonder where he gets it from? 
 This interview reinforces why David McCullough is one of my favorite people: Don't Know Much About History 
 Good video from  on  Fighting viruses, defending the net 
 All of this phone hacking is why I still use a rotary phone. I just wish it fit in my pocket more easily.
 My Gran is helping me with lost folks on my blog now:   
  Ha!
 Got a VM from someone who used my name & asked if I wanted to go to lunch. But I don't recognize his name. Stalker? Free lunch? Decisions.
 Seems editing post with Wordpress android app changed publish date to tomw. Odd. Second helping: Ancestry Pie  
 Ack! Made a minor edit in WordPress mobile and it seems to have hosed my last blog post. Will have to fix later.
 Ancestry Pie: An Excel sheet that creates a group of ancestry pie charts to mimic an ancestor tree. Mmm, pie.  
  Congratulations!
   Hey, there's only two digits: 0 & 1. Just write down how many there are of each and call it a day.
 RT  I'm agoraphobic and claustrophobic. I just run around and scream everywhere.
 You would think Excel 2007 would know enough NOT to show 0.00% data labels when generating a pie chart. Annoying!
 4yo: "Look Daddy, those birds are playing fly and go seek!"
   Perfect!
  A low cal, easy to make julip. Pondering names. <-Wikidlip
 I am the Jackson Pollock of sour cream on soft shell tacos.
 Family's in town and I've got a date with a recliner, a frosty cherry wheat beer and Dermot Healy's The Bend for Home. 
 Amazing how "I'll just clean up the garage" at 10AM turns me into a sweaty crazy-haired dust-covered ogre by 4PM. Someone pressure-wash me.
 So many house projects to do I don't know where to start today. Guess I'll start with this coffee.
 Haven't any of these people accepting lowball offers on Pawn Stars heard of Craigslist or eBay?
  Funny! Library has done a terrific job with programs & resources. 2nd most requested place the kids ask for (after treats.)
 Surprising 8yo son by taking him to Tales from Ireland  tonight. Stories + music + Ireland = Win. 
  Nice! I'm thinking about using my old SD850 thus opening a slot for me to buy a better every day camera. Theoretically. ;)
  Nope. I still need to read the CHDK docs so I feel good about life before I try it. FAQ has list of cams: 
   Thinking about building this  & using CHDK  but I need to meditate on it.
  Fun & useful site if you want a DIY book scanner for those notebooks: 
 Hmm, My server logs show someone visited my blog via a search for "hacking and security and ancestry." 
 RT  I take it as personal challenge to confuse the heck out of Pandora. <-Add Tuvan Throat Singing to stream 
 RT  The new, new planking - the Leisure Dive  (via  <-Some very funny shots!
 If I use my Kermit the Frog voice with the kids long enough it inevitably morphs into Sammy Davis Jr., man.
 RT  How to scan film using your ordinary flatbed scanner:  <-Great idea!
   Besides  article being well done, finding it was scraped by nationalcybersec was priceless. 
  Yeah, I think that's a fine line that will only cause trouble. For now, I'm keeping current & trying to grow in useful areas.
  Think a lot of us are asking that question. Think cert issue often comes into play when making a move and HR wonks bar the door.
 Quite funny Evian baby ad: 
 So, if people are now sending 10 million posts per day on Google+, how come the Twitter keeps telling me its Over Capacity?
  Wow. I worked in a multiplex in 80s & best we ever did was sell out a movie in 3 theatres. The film looped from one to the other.
 If you saw a movie with these quotes, you would think it over the top in a stereotypical he-man woman-hater kind of way. 
 When we visit our bank in person they give us coffee, when we visit them online they give us cookies.
 Set up G+ circle to repost from there via Ping.fm secret email to Twitter. Worked, except G+ also added my secret email to the post. Doh!
  So far only see it right on the Twitter.com feed. Hardly ever go there, but happened to hover over a recent RT.
 Wow, just noticed you can Un-Retweet on Twitter. So, careful people MY FINGER IS ON THE TWIGGER.
 RT  So far, the best thing about the future is that we don't have to talk on the phone anymore.
 Aw, man. If I were in NYC today I would so go to this! Lincoln Center Traditional Irish Ceili 
 RT  An example of circular reasoning in action   <-Why do I have so many tabs open in my browser now??!
 Saweet Fraggle Rock! My office is like Grand Central station this week. Is this a flash mob?
 Wi-Fi–Hacking Neighbor From Hell Sentenced to 18 Years 
 For  folks: Check out this Radiolab podcast! Goat on a Cow 
 . I swear, every time I set the clocks in here the power goes out. <-Wait until 11:59 next time and hope its a quick outage?
 Haha! Try this word on Google's What Do You Love?  <-Note last 4 chars. Results safe. It was for a friend.
  Noticed BOTH photo & video instant automatic uploads were enabled on G+ app by default! Weiner could have used that as an alibi.
 Just got a cold-call email for a job that is so far off I can't identify a single acronym in the requirements.
  Hmm, I see. Seems odd to doctor a legit document but, all righty, I'll wait for the punchline later.
   BTW, I'm no expert but Evans pdf: same paper inclusions on every page. Also all text has edit artifacts 
   Quick tool: TweetBackup will pull your tweeter feed. Think there's a 3.2K limit, but > 0.
 RT  :Facepalm!    <-Love the "Fressh" (sic) decal they put on it!
 Nice: U of Phoenix sent marketing email to my business address that looks like I requested info about an online degree. 
 OK, going with the Twitter trending topic:  I read the trending topics list I would have a nickel.
  Oh, sorry to hear about that. My mother just had the same thing and it healed nicely without surgery. Sending good vibes.
 I'm going to need a Segway to get from the couch to the bed tonight. Do they deliver?
 At 3:30 I started baking a Lemon strawberry buttermilk cake with lemon cream cheese icing. Just finished icing it at 9:45. I'm done.
  Welcome! Terrific job. I need to learn how to nuance Photoshop like that.
 Incredible colorization job on 1903 photo of Coney Island's Steeplechase Park. (Click photo for full size.) 
  Funny, the vendor uses the same technique as my kids.
 Google Plus has a Facebook page. How did the universe not implode? 
  Been looking to drop GoDaddy too: makes my eyeballs hurt. Heard good things but haven't tried this yet: 
 Mining security folks' circles on G+ for my own circle. Feel like I'm just duplicating all of the work I already put into my Tweeter lists.
 Changed password to 16 char random string after getting registration email with original pwd in it. THEN they emailed me the new one. 
 . What Have I missed? <- Google Plus PLUS came out since then, then came out of Beta, then they shut it down.
 Ooh La La: Ziegfeld Follies 1917. Love the song names in the Vocal section, too. 
 Would enter Ancestry's July 4th photo contest, except for: "By entering Contest entrants agree each photo entry becomes property of Sponsor"
 Is it a bad sign if after working at someone else's desk all afternoon, you notice a yellow Post-it with the word ASBESTOS on it?
 Hey, Irish filmmakers are interested in using a couple of my old family photos in their documentary about the Irish in NY! 
 Really Snapfish - you want to charge me to download my own original photo that I uploaded previously?
 Quite often, the key word in "Institutional Memory" is "Institutional."
 Added Google Authenticator to my Wordpress blog - nice and simple setup. 
 There's a tweet storm of people saying Google+ is open to all or if you install from Android. But I am still minus Plus. 
 Been hangin' shelves all night, if you know what I mean. *wink* Actually, that's not a euphemism; my workbench was a mess.
  The NYC summer season really kicked in this week! Hot, humid, sidewalk zombies.
 Ah, NY summer where gentlemen in wife-beaters saunter down the sidewalk swilling brown-bagged big-boys, coughing up cholera on the pavement.
  True, but over last several years we've had some amazing misses in estimates. At a recent refi, new estimate was off by >50% at close!
 How is it mortgage companies can screw up escrow estimates? (Taxes + Insurance)/12 = $. Done.
  I've decided that my next nom de net will be  <-Just keep yer tweets short so we can RT. That name eats up the
 Just tossed about the 40th spider this season out the door. If in heaven I find out God is a giant spider, I am so in. My wife, not so much.
 RT  Still no A/C here. RT  How did our ancestors survive without A/C? Whew, hot. <-It was cooler before color.
 Hey . I've unsubscribed from your newsletter several times now. Maybe you should send me a token so I can de-authenticate.
 Poll: 1776 date puzzles some Americans  <-1 in 4 don't know the US seceded from England. Holy. Moly.
 Stroll in town, bookstore browsing, lunch, wiffle ball, bug hunting, waterfight, crossword, more ball, BBQ, Monopoly, bedtime. I'm bushed.
 Playing San Francisco Monopoly with son's Harry Potter Lego men. 
 RT  Thinking about my man-thong  <-ith that the thong that you thing when your high on tethothterone?
 RT  Motorcyclist crashes, hits head, dies at a ride to protest motorcycle-helmet laws: 
 Empty West Neck Beach today 
 Kids like to get bagels with me on Sundays; its a nice Dad tradition. Also we live in a village with many bars & drunks drop a lot of change
 RT  RT  an update on our TOS based on your feedback (make sure to scroll!)  < They heard the outcry.
 Watched The Rookie tonight - 8yo son mesmerized, 4yo daughter almost as much. Good flick.
 This is awesome. Brontë Sisters Power Dolls 
 Guess I must have worked hard in the yard - walked in, took my hat off and 4yo pointed at me and yelled "Whoa! You look FREAKY!"
  BTW, Look at Truecrypt for a great tool for encrypting your data. 
  The 5th paragraph in that new TOS seems to give Dropbox free license with user data. I keep my info encrypted, but still.
 RT   Just permanently deleted all files from my Dropbox account. New TOS gives them all rights to all content. <-Wha?!
 Sitting with my son watching the Mets vs. Yanks game and drinking a Summer Ale. Nice start to the weekend.
  These are different than the real accts that all were hacked yesterday. Appeared to be setup for awhile and ready to go.
  Ha! I already follow you! Right after you followed several accts with pretty girl photos, which is a red flag for me. ;)
 5 count 'em 5 spammy Twitter followers in minutes all with same feed. Is it that easy to script this stuff w/o setting off tweeter alarms?
  I was thinking the same thing! I need be faster with the camera and start a Tumblr feed just for this specific topic.
 Driving behind SUV with those little family decals: Dad, Mom, boy, girl. Except Mom is hanging from a gallows. Another parenting thumbs up.
  Physical photo stores without extreme markup prices are few and far between, ain't they?
 So many people took today off I think I might have to pull a Bill Clinton Final Days in the Whit ehouse day. 
  I have a non-humidor full size phone version. Super cool looking on my desk and pretty well made. 
  I've been using TweetBackup.com with great success. Also check Twournal.com 
 RT  If you enter DOB incorrectly on G+ (as if < 13yo) it overwrites all PREVIOUS info & locks you out of all G-Services. <-Yikes!
 RT  [UPDATED] 36 of the world's most absurd warnings and disclaimers.  <-Wow.
 RT  Any genealogist specialized on  willing to work for a  
  Man, love slide rules - I would stick it in a "Use in Case of Emergency" box on the wall.
 RT  In a coffee shop, surrounded by hipsters. Don't worry, if they capture me I won't tell them where we keep the shampoo.
  Be sure to check the Applications in your tweeter settings and make sure nothing strange has access there.
  Time to break the glass with that little hammer & hand out the paper & pencils.
 Legally, how long can a coworker whistle before I'm allowed to wish them into the cornfield? 
 RT  End tyranny of HTML email.   <-Why I use Gmail Terminal theme. Wait a sec. Never mind. 
 RT   $100 million in Savings  must love this guy <-Wow. & now robbers know which ATM to hang out at
 Looking to join the Inch-High Club: Mating turtles shut down runway at JFK 
  Often disparaged due to their later sappiness, but Chicago II (as in 2) is a sublime example of 70s musical arrangement.
 Everyone very excited here -Going to visit new baby cousin at the hospital!
 RT  RT   woman seeks return of cherished photos 
 Twitter unfollow binge commencing. So many interesting folks but I can't keep up with the feed. Nothing personal. Unless you're an idiot.
 How is it when I search the state site for a specific contract I get no hits, but Google points me right to the document on their site?
 RT  Super WiFi uses white space btween TV channels   <-Isn't that where cable cos hid p*rn in the 80s?
  Great! If during research anyone finds any lost Tierneys or McDonalds hanging around in NYC in the 1880s, let me know. ;)
  Thanks for following - looking forward to seeing more 
 RT  History Detectives on tonight! Paper Bombs-Propaganda over Japan, a eulogy connects 2 men around the Spanish Civil W ...
  Ha!
  It's crazy,isn't it? Hoping she has a sister with a shirt that says KUNG.
 Just passed a 13 year old girl wearing a black t-shirt with the giant pink letters: FU. Nice.
   Guess now I don't have to distribute the wirecutters before the next audit. ;)
 Tech can't figure out why box can't reach the Internet. I take a look and there's no network card installed.
  Maybe Tumblr's working on them phishing attack issues... 
  Congrats!
 . BTW I earned my man card today: Changed a tire. Yay me. ...  <-*insert lugnuts joke here.*
 "Why sure, I'll climb that ladder. It looks completely safe!" 
 Wife has proposed we make this "The Summer of Going to Bed Early." I motioned we add "and Donuts." Pretty sure neither is going to happen.
 Wow, HSBC text message vishing attempts slowly hitting our whole fleet of phones today.
 The haul from today's family hike 
 RT  Cars 2: For people who enjoyed Cars 1, but hated that their kids could follow the storyline.
 At the toy store: Puppy Tweets. Really? 
 Why is there a cartoon guy with a monocle and a glass of wine hiding in my begonias?
 Told kids Daddy has run out of words for the day. Except No. Daddy's got a whole pocket full of No.
 4yo is generally a really good listener, but if she spots a butterfly she'll run a marathon before she responds to our calls!
 Hey, very nice review on Newsday for friend's restaurant in Franklin Square! Frankly Thai 
  I just signed on and saw the 3 - 2 - 1, did you count all the way down from 20,000? ;)
 Took kids to Cars 2 today - kind of crazy non-stop action for little ones, but really fun. I am especially in awe of the animation.
 Last day of school. 7yo son walks out of 2nd grade class and says "Before you know it I'll be going to college!"
 . ...Rebooted now the keyboard doesn't work... <-They swapped it for voice recognition. Try yelling commands at the screen.
 Watching Gnomio & Juliet with kids. 4yo: "She's red and he's blue. If they got married they'd have purple children. Right, Daddy?"
 Upside of providing fake birth date on websites: I get Happy Birthday emails all year long. Downside: the credit companies now think I'm 207
 RT  Wow. Just wow. Check out these 4 photos. Timeless Reflections - ReflectionOf.Me  <-Add another Wow.
 RT  I have taken a photograph of this because otherwise no one will believe I saw it.  
 Firefox 5? I just took the jump to FF4 and am still trying to climb out of the hole.
 RT  Wordpress Password Resets  <interesting attempt> <via 
 Oof, Can't watch any more of this Madoff Frontline episode - this clusterf* of greed and incompetence is giving me a headache.
 Hey  Fix the slow posting issue! Intermittently posting my pings anywhere from minutes to hours later. On and off for a month. Argh!
  Love it!
 History Detectives starts new season on PBS right now - Woohoo!
  Best wishes & best of luck!
 RT  Finally a woman displaying a browser not the other way around.    <-*insert extension jokes here*
 GIFTING NOTE: Walmart Dehumidifier 
  Don't use a note tied to a brick, they frown on that. I'm told.
 RT  Feels like the late 90s again. Script kiddies and defacements dominating the security news. Way to feed the trolls!
 RT  A delusive sense of  in walled gardens: 
 RT  Interesting...if you permanently delete  files, the entries in event logs vanish! <-Lots of Drop, not so much Box.
 RT  Looks like the UK Census hack never happened  Moral: Don't believe everything posted on pastebin!
  Now that could be a fun presentation.
 RT  I *finally* understand the cloud thanks to Dilbert.  <-I thought it was made of PreCogs from Minority Report
 RT  Dropbox Left User Accounts Unlocked for 4 Hours Sunday -   <-Wowza. Truecrypt dat.
  Click on Friends in left column, then click Edit friends. Select dropdown, Search By current City. As granular as they let you get.
 Wife's party for son was a success. She reported a friend's quote: "I can't believe a birthday party with only 6 people and so much fun!"
 Waiting around for Directors meeting later tonight, so until then I am in a "Bored Meeting".
  My wife is armed with nothing but water balloons, water pistols and a cache of cupcakes. Plus I have a late meeting tonight...
 Wife solo-hosting a backyard party with six 8yo boys for son's birthday today. She is a brave, brave woman.
 Boy, looking at these server logs, someone in China *really* wants to visit the PHPnuke forums we retired 6 years ago.
 Son & I both psyched to get new books today. 
 Made my Twitter avatar an animated gif, but it is just too subtle for the small pic. Full size works much better. 
  Everyone knows the Orcs work the body scanner.
 Overheard from 4yo girls conversation: "Some babies come from their Mommy's tummy and some babies come from China."
 And now turn to our final hymn, "Please Shut That Kid Up Oh Lord'
 Going to wear a pince-nez because I like saying words with my jaw clenched. Like Martini, Muffy & Get your hands off me you damn dirty ape.
 Boy, these ladies must take a lot of vacation. I've been down there 37 times to buy tile & they haven't been there once! 
 Returning new dehumidifier. So loud I might as well leave my lawn mower running in the basement.
 Its gone back and forth from sun to crazy storm 3 times - Now its both!
 Ooh, I'm following 999 people on the Twitter. What do I win if I add 1 more?
 RT  A wonderful collection of French postcards drawn in 1910, imagining life in the year 2000:  <-So neat!
 4yo: Daddy, I found a 4 leaf clover today - Now I have extra Luck 'o the Irish!
   True, not a Qualys issue but ironic that security extension requires a click past such a message.
 RT  A Tool to Help Secure Your Browser  <-Hmm, this install message worries me: 
 RT  Word of the day? Serendipity! ..It means good fortune or luck <-And when you get an extra scoop of ice cream free? Doubledipity!
 RT  Germany opens cyberdefence centre to protect water, electricity  (via 
  ;)
 No sporting event outcome has ever made me feel like flipping a car and lighting it on fire. But this coffee makes me want to punch a nun.
 RT  No offense to Samuel L. Jackson, but I do a much better rendition of Go the F**k to Sleep.
 New Google Search By Image 
 There's something really wrong when a kids cable channel goes from an ad for Zhu Zhu Babies right into one for the Transformers movie.
 Honestly, if you are going to run a DNA Surname project it would be nice if you responded to inquiries about profile matches  
 RT  [UPDATED] 10 new obnoxious responses to misspellings on Facebook. 
 Patently on a Roll - I'm gonna be rich! Ah, probably not.   
 Updated my family tree on Rootsweb and now the site is down. Great-grandfather Jedidiah DDoS still causing trouble. 
 RT  The genetic database at  just officially passed 100,000 people:   57% male, average age 45
 Wife & I listening to Getting Things Done audio book tonight. So far just getting things sleepy. Need to start earlier. Getting on that.
 Yes, I can respond appropriately to this vuln assessment. All I need: time, money, fear, surprise & an almost fanatical devotion to the Pope
 Dear $vendor, If I need to register to see a 2 minute flash video of your product I will neither register nor learn enough to purchase it.
 Amazing: People filling giant water bottles at natural spring flowing under Long Island streets. Hey! This hexavalent chromium tastes GREAT!
 RT  Interpretome - new analysis engine for 23andMe and Lumigenix (& FTDNA) raw data files:  (via  ...
 Photo: My Lilac Inheritance  
 New dehumidifier running in my basement is so loud I can hear it on the 2nd floor. Nice design Sears.
  Thank you! I took the photo for granted before, methinks.
 RT  My god...such a place does exist!  <-You'll also notice Paradise is just to the south and Fertility is west.
 Photo: My Lilac Inheritance  
 Changed my Gmail password 4 days ago yet my Android phone is still syncing fine WITHOUT ever asking for the new one. Blarg.
  They still have men who wear white socks with black shoes & shorts in 2044? I had hoped my grandchildren would be spared. :(
 Love this post: Why  has disabled comments. 
 Enter to win a new Canon 5D MK II camera body & 1 yr  Pro membership from Scott Bourne. Please RT. Info at: 
 I'm guessing Mr. Hitner is quite thankful his parents didn't go with Rudolph for a given name.
 When Robin Williams came onstage with that beard at the Tonys, both my wife and I immediately reached for our Joaquin Phoenix jokes.
 Trouble with using music to get people off stage at the  They're people whose job is to stand on stage & work while music is playing.
 RT  Just saw remake of True Grit. What a disappointment. <-Too bad. I saw Duke version  Radio City Music Hall: hard to beat.
 Now I liked Goodfellas, but why is History HD showing it?
 RT   Just helped  deliver this awesome groom's cake! <- Very cool!
 Hydrangeas are up! 
  Hmm. Do you get shifted around much?
  Oof, embarrassed by NYer in current show. She keeps putting everything down & seems clueless that SHE'S IN ROME not NY.
 Showed a photo of Palace of Fine Arts in SF to 4yo. Me: "That's where I asked Mommy to marry me." Lily, with wonder: "Did she say Yes?"
 We're watching House Hunters International on HGTV. We so need to go international.
 Trying to entertain kids with my Mr. Ed voice but they just think I'm having a stroke.
  We had  in for a CTF with InfraGard a few years ago; they have an awesome setup & put lots of work into it.
 4yo's preschool graduation today. It has been lovely to hear her wake up and start singing each morning to practice for today's ceremony.
 How is this still a thing? LinkedIn, Foursquare and Netflix on Android Store Your Passwords in Unencryped Text Files 
 RT  NetWitness CSO Eddie Schwartz set to be RSA's 1st CSO.  <-Wow Congrats! 
 Impressive year for our dogwood! 
 RT  Here's a nice look at how your data and reputation are at risk when you use unsecured public Wi-Fi. 
 RT  About to do live interview on KGO radio about privacy. There go THEIR ratings. <Not if you talk abt PIRACY & say ARGH alot!
 RT   How one writer went Google-free 
  Yowza, that will be enjoyable!
 Changed Gmail pwd online. Droid still syncing without asking to change there. No place to do it manually. Am I missing something?
  DON'T DO IT - Might cause a singularity!
 One thing Weiner is happy about: He sent those tighty whitey pics before Twitter turned on their new shortening service.
 Wife: It is going to be 100 degrees today. 4yo: Is that hot or cold?
 RT  The world's quickest information security personality test: 
 Facebook assembles group to plan for disasters 
  Ah, Coveted the IIe - we had one at school and you had to pull a fire alarm if you wanted to get near it.
 Wait, did I just out myself as an 80s computer geek? Yes, I did.
 RT  OH 15yo: I'm dressed as an 80' nerd. Can't be geek cuz they didn't have cmputers back then <Hey I built a Sinclair ZX80 in '81
  Quite an embarrassing group of defacto social ambassadors. But, I like how Italy is handling them: 
 RT  Voting ends June 17th! please help  win 100 Drobos - Go to:  and submit an email address & t ...
 OK, It is time to turn down the heat on Weiner. (Boy, hit my quota in one tweet: Two topical items and a pun.)
 RT  WTF facebook  <-Hoky smokes! Need to add a Captcha Censor to their jobs page.
 RT  My money's as good as anybody's.  Better, actually, because I draw a little ballpoint monocle on every president.
  "haxxor donnybrook" <-Nice.
 Enjoying the percussive rhythms of a 2nd Seagate external 1.5TB drive's Click of Death. Iomega Zip drives made less noise than these things.
 RT  Facebook's photo facial recognition enabled: Time to check your settings 
 On D-Day Anniversary, Rare Color Photos 
 RT  The meaning of life: to find happiness? To find true love? Or 42? <-Recursive answer: To find *your* meaning of life?
 Every time I step out of my office today I come back to a shining voicemail light. If only I had some sort of mobile communications device.
  And the toys that require such decal application are those to be given to children of the age who love to peel things off.
 RT  Password reuse == Bad --  <-But what if I've changed them so often I've gone around the horn?
 RT  The Way to Fight China's Hacking  <- I've been advocating this approach for years.  Why aren't we ...
 General Eisenhower’s Message Sent Just Prior to the D-Day Invasion 
 Paper.li users: Please note that having them auto-tweet nothing but auto-aggregated stuff from your feed is spim-spammy. That is all.
 I like watching Holmes Inspections on  but the constant background music overshadows the dialogue and is making my ears bleed.
 RT  I get my  topics until, er, the 10th one  <-Guess your Satan beats my Unicorns.  
   I need to join punners anonymous. I admit it.
 RT   55% of human DNA is the same as that of a banana < Explains many people I know.  <-Do you find them appeeling?
  Hmm.
 OK, Since InfraGard ATL hack yesterday I've had 5 LinkedIn invites & none for a few weeks before. Other  folk seeing this too?
 You ever start making your bed and your hand slips as you pull up the sheets and you punch the headboard and break your thumb? Me neither.
 RT  Exclusive: CEO says hackers tried to extort data, money  
 RT  Why couldn't LulzSec go after our favorite Number One Hacker in Atlanta instead of the Infragard chapter?
 Online at 7-11 Friday night. Everyone else is buying measly 6 packs but I buy mine by the gallon. YEAH THAT'S RIGHT SKIPPY I GOT ME SOME 1%.
 RT  Doing crunches to exercise your abs? Try this instead:   
  Glad to help - that's all fun stuff. A good past time for security folk: the finding-hidden-stuff-in-unique-ways mindset applies.
  Re: Rye without caraway. Who Knew? ;)
 SUPPOSITION: One is allowed to call their spouse a heathen if they purchase a loaf of rye bread WITHOUT caraway seeds. Discuss.
  you'll find many sites you'll need for research. See Delicious icon on right side of my blog for gen. links. 
  Ancestry has a ton of good databases & is a must use. Eventually you'll hit a wall then you can stop & rejoin monthly as needed.
 Book Revue has line around the block for a signing. Judging by all the miniskirts & tube tops I'm ruling out David McCullough. Sorry Dave.
 Just added Emperor pedigree chart script from  to my blog. Nice, easy & elegant to use. Info here:  
 Groupon filed for a $750 Million IPO. Fine, but how much if I buy it within the next 12 hours?
  Ah, you're right. and my VBscript book is substantially heavier.
  I don't know, I found en excellent use for JavaScript here: 
  Thanks! The enumerator got a few things wrong including their surname which made it hard to find. But the chase is the fun part.
 Woohoo! After year of looking finally found wife's great grandparents in 1920 census. 1st record we have on great-grandfather. 
  Good luck - our blaster got me more than our raccoons. But the kids like to run around it now, so it's all good.
 Wow, did I just coin the term "cousindipity"? Three hits on Google and two are my blog post. How cool am I? 
 Cousindipity  
 Yow, a Tornado watch in the NY / NJ area - time to go home!
 Have Chrome browser with 1 tab open yet there are 7, count 'em 7 chrome.exe processes running using up more than 230K of memory.
 Ooh, so much better now. Restore Default Enter Key Behavior In Facebook Comments 
 RT  Police arrested laptop thief whose picture was snapped with stolen laptop's webcam  <-Love it.
 RT  Neighborhood jogger: "It's 96 degrees and I'm jogging. I love my hip urban lifestyle."
 Kids love all the silly band shapes, but this one's over the line. Wait, what? It's not one of those? What a silly asp. 
  Costco cashier told me as I fumbled with coupons. He took one, tossed the rest and they all were applied on receipt. Timesaver!
 What I learned today: at Costco, you don't need all the coupons from the flyer, just one. The rest of the items get discounted automagically
 Mysterious Remains Returned To Family  <- +1 for  persons! 
  Get him off topic with a non sequitur. Try: "But WHAT ABOUT THE SANDWICHES?" Only works if you aren't actually holding a sandwich.
 Is it a bad sign if our SCADA vendor's site is completely down? 
 Every once in awhile I get a flurry of Japanese tweets  my tweeter username. Am I big in Japan?
 RT  hahahahah -  <-All righty then.
 36 hours after we read the comics together, 4yo broke a silent drive home with: "Daddy, how come we never see Charlie Brownie's parents?"
  Ha! Problem is, when are those shows not on?
 ABC should just name their new reality show "Stoopid Sh*! I'll Do For Money"
 Memorial Day, LI National Cemetery   
 RT   Brisket, in the body bag, is taking a briny nap in the chill chest. <- If Kipling wrote BBQ poetry
 Son & I admired a yellow Ferrari with open T-tops in our village this morning. Then we noticed keys on the front seat. Whoops, gotta go.
 RT  My Lego invention didn't last long in the hands of our 3 year old...  <- 3 year olds <3 entropy
 BBQ, Beer & Kayak. Ready. 
 Chasing bubbles. Summer's here. 
 Sneaking in some painting of shelves before the weather breaks - huMID! But, painting on my porch beats a windowless office any day.
 RT  Here are the amazing color photos of the great depression that everyone is talking about:  <-Wow!
 Nice day for power company to work on our street and knock out half our building.
 Remembering those who have served our nation the Memorial Day weekend. 
 Yes, trying to sell bottled water TO THE WATER COMPANY is bound to reap much profit. 
 Good article with useful instruction for parents: 10 Worst TV Role Models Part 1 
 The frgarance of one small bunch of fresh Japanese lilacs fill the whole house. Ahh. 
 RT  Four Reasons to Keep a Work Diary . . .  (via 
  Sure! Also for a user that you both want to go blind reading red text AND needs Lotus 1 pre-installed.
  I've got a 1987 Toshiba T1200 with a RED screen in storage. Can send it & you tell user its next to deploy 
 Participating in an ISAC Tabletop Exercise via webinar, but don't think my desk can take too many more of these jumping jacks.
  Wow, Be safe!
  Re: "Dear Carla" <-Better than Dear Liz? See: 
 I think I may have overestimated the value of using my awesome Kermit the Frog voice in this meeting.
 Seeing spammy spam spam on Facebook - do NOT click on "woman having an AHEM on a roller coaster" or other fun stuff.
 Why are DWG drawing utilities all stuck in 1996? Oh Saint Attila, where's the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch when you need it?
 Interesting: Werner Herzog talks about Cave of Forgotten Dreams on  Also check out the 3D sound segment! 
 British skulduggery proved a healthy export (via   <-Urgh.
 RT  Newegg stores your password in plaintext  via  <-Isn't that what Oldegg used to do?
 Boy, when I began researching my family I didn't think I'd see such strong resemblances so far back in time.  
 Ping.fm is posting my tweets 45+ minutes after I send them so I have to think pithy in the past to keep up. Now I'm just pithed.
 Naming the background image of my blog design "goodwood.jpg" has brought in a whole new clientele of readers.
 RT  Photo: This guy just won at planking. Everyone else should stop now.   <-Hahaha Ooh my neck.
 I had an easier time figuring out where to stand in the melee for open seating at a 1980s Who concert than knowing where to line up at a CVS
  If not handled by IT start with . When clean use Firefox w/ NoScript addon for prevention. Good luck.
 RT   &  scams to watch out for as summer starts- Profile View trackers, fake login sites, Stalker scams & friend adders
 Guessing the car zipping past me at 80mph with license plate TOMBHI gets pulled over just slightly less often than if his plate was SMKNW33D
 Watching "Over 90 and Loving It" - wonderful. 
 Son's design for a museum he set up in den before we woke up today. Love that guy's creativity. 
 Ok, my last baseball gripe: why does everyone let the kids swing the bat and let go with one hand? Need to teach correct form now!
 Kid at 10AM baseball game shoved a whole bag of Big League Chew gum in his mouth. Good news is I think his Dad's a dentist.
 4yo Lily climbing a tree while I paint on the porch. She stops and asks the baby birds overhead "Can you keep it down, please? Thank you."
 Excellent 1900 NY Census Example  
 I've found a 2d serial witness in NYC naturalization records who was a liquor store dealer. A good way to drum up business? 
 In honor of the apocalypse I'm getting a supersized triple bacon burger and eating it while driving home and texting this twee
 RT  Rapture Day prank – A fun response to ‘Rapture Day.’ »  (via  <-Brilliant!
 As you slide down the banister of life, May the splinters never point in the wrong direction.
 The movie Idiocracy just cracks me up. Oh wait, this is the 10PM Fox News report.
 Son's classmates each wrote name on a page, passed it around & each wrote 1 nice thing about them. My Favorite: "You're my 4th best friend."
 What a very cool ad campaign: Magnum Ice Cream Pleasure Hunt 
  Wow, The Feelies! Blast from my past.
 Double Check Your Certificates  
 Security folk: Anyone with experience using Medeco Logic / Cliq hardware? Doing research, looking for real world opinion.
 . New idea for slogan: "I'll Like yours if you'll Like mine." You're welcome.
 Boy, it is amazing how many people who read my  blog have comments to make AND have colon cleansing websites.
 Ladies and gentlemen, I bring you a wonderful 21st century oxymoron: The Cadillac Escalade Hybrid. *Applause*
 RT  Osama Bin Laden on Find A Grave  
 RT  How a  test profoundly changed a woman's life in two very different ways: 
 Keep Your Thumbs Safely Locked Away   
 Is it me, or is this error kind of harsh? 
 Today in 1903 Coney Island's Luna Park opens and allows weary mothers to check their babies along with their parcels. 
 After 2 days of getting the house and yard ready for a Communion party I am now too tired to twee
 Read prayer church gave us for before Communion - Then son gave wife a fist bump for Jesus.
 Happy Communion to our son!
 Teaching 9yo son CPR who later saves 2yo sister: Awesome. Letting him watch the movie Black Hawk Down? Not so much. 
 The Poor Ancient Indians: a short bedtime parable from my 4 year old. 
 Bought this 14-in-1 tool but have only figured out 12 uses. Unless two are murder and dental hygiene. Then I'm good. 
 Phrase "Oh My Lady GaGa" passing among kids like a virus. Heard at son's ballgame last week, daughter came home from preschool with it today
 RT  Beautiful Time-lapsed video of Dublin 
 My wife bought our daughter some Chip and Dale PJs. Maybe now's the time to break out my own Chippendale PJs.
 Short review and author's video: Dan Yaccarino's All the Way to America    
 RT  Sick of Washington? It's time, once again, to revisit my plan to fix the American political system: 
 I AM A MULTITASKING GOh crap.
  Ha! I hadn't put them all together like that. ;)
 Decisions, decisions on CNN.com. Should I read about USPS closings, the debt ceiling, Mariah Carey on HSN or Ben Affleck's new hairstyle?
 For  folk with young kids, a very nice book: Dan Yaccarino's All the Way to America 
 Playing Mastermind before bedtime. Apparently it is not I that is. 
 RT  My filing system for important papers works so well that I cannot find them.
 Note to Self: Find inventor of kids Crocs and punch him in the nose.
 PRO TIP: Do not try to wave away annoying mosquitos while holding a pruning saw. Unless you've always wanted the nickname "Van Gogh"
 On second thought, perhaps it wasn't my best idea to have shown our kids how far I can spit a cherry pit.
 Wife just called from her first ever trip to Walmart: "I could die in here and no one would know it!"
  Ha!
 I wish fast food places would synchronize their drink sizes. When I order a large I don't really need a coke big enough to bathe in.
 Besides the fact that she is a complete idiot, why is she topless in her mug shot? Mom left daughter, 1, in hot car 
  Time to step it up with Esperanto! 
 RT   i just got pitched by a flak for Gregory D Evans to cite him as an expert. <-Can you choose what kind of expert?
 An excellent photo: 'The eagle couldn't have picked a better person' 
 I aint afraid to wrassle no bear. As long as he's drunk. and a pacifist.
