 Boehner's face looks strangely familiar... 
  I wonder if there's still that rumor about them moving it to Vegas...
 You may have grandiose ideas about what you want to do in the ... More for Libra 
 Weeeeeeeeooooooooh!   
 Raw: CM Punk makes his shocking return to WWE and confronts John Cena 
  Yes he did. :)
 Updating my roster on Smackdown vs Raw 2011. Oddly enough, there's a bug where  is WWE champ no matter who I put the belt on.
 Now that  is using his old ROH theme, what are the odds WWE would pony up the cash to give  back The Final Countdown?
   Supply and Demand. 
  orly?
 It's hard to know if you should be jazzed about what's coming ... More for Libra 
  ...
  Didn't go.
  yeah. Thanks for reminding me. x_x
 I'm at QuickChek (9005 Bergenline Ave, North Bergen) 
 Then of course, NYCC. :)
 Looks like SDCC is over. You know what that means... Countdown to Dragon*Con 2011!
  So does that mean it'll take another 7 years for Slave Carl to come out?
 RT  Robin Scott-Elliot: How Beefy used Operation BBQ to rescue English spirits  
 I am watching True Blood   
 I unlocked the Me and the Devil sticker on  
 Deepening your relationships may be more fruitful now than usu... More for Libra 
 I am watching Ocean's Eleven   
 RT  Guy: "Can we be expecting a Dr. Horrible 2 anytime soon?" Whedon: "The thing you need to understand is...yes." Everyone:  ...
 My entire bottom lip is numb. x_x
  did he put his pinky finger up in the air to signify "awesome" like he did at the last  show?
 Amy Winehouse is dead... kinda have to feel bad for the person who DIDN'T see that one coming.
  in what way?
  I was actually thinking about this earlier(but it's probably overkill) If you wanted to do another record... Or perhaps live
 I'm seriously going to make an appointment at 2:30 one of these days. ( Ravelo Dental Center) 
 You want to be free of the responsibilities that have been hol... More for Libra 
 I am watching Captain America: The First Avenger   
 I unlocked the Opening Week sticker on  
 Doing this as well.  “ I'm wearing a Captain America shirt to go see Captain America.”
 RT  Photo: Yet another photo of the 3 3/4” toys. These are the only ones of those on display! 
 RT  "Everywhere I looked something reminded me of her."  
 New  may be going down tonight. Stay tuned. Also, still looking for a 3rd person.
 You can be a formidable challenger in any debate now, running ... More for Libra 
 RT  Don't forget, peeps.... new Childrens' Hospital tonight  midnight, followed by the premier of NTSF:SD:SUV (the CH spinof ...
 RT  Just released this on 6th&F with a pin tied to it. Find the red balloon - get in to the NTSF premiere tonight   http ...
 Photo: *sigh* I hate Thursday nights. (Taken with instagram) 
 *sigh* I hate Thursday nights. 
  either that, or it was off-cast. x_x
  I think we did in the first episode. I'll have the other two up on the site/iTunes tonight.
 RT  Like the Swimcast? Check out the new podcast  starring our own  and  -  ...
 Second Episode of  (the new podcast starring your's truly and  is now available at 
 Someone close to you may seem a bit too aggressive as the Moon... More for Libra 
 The Devil's hands have been busy.
 I unlocked the Location Rookie sticker on  
 I WAS FROZEN TODAY!!!   
 Taking a break from your work is a healthy thing to do now, es... More for Libra 
 Fixed up a little. 
 Wondering who I can get to make a podcast logo...
 RT   Amen. Nappy tme for all. Go the fuck to sleep! 
 Photo: Nappy timez. (Taken with instagram) 
 Nappy timez. 
 You cannot seem to get much accomplished today because you're ... More for Libra 
 Watching last night's ep.   
 Huh... HHH is going to save Cena? Interesting?
 Will Vince fire his Cash Cow? .....uh... no?
 RT   this   is putting me to sleep.
 Gonna get the tiny holes in my teeths filled. ( Ravelo Dental Center) 
 I just became the mayor of Ravelo Dental Center on  
 RT  On my couch. About to put the title on the line against Piston Honda.
 RT  “ It's 12:00 a.m. ... Do you know where your WWE Champion is?  
  no "purple stuff" or Sunny D?
  cat shit, actually
 Co-worker explained some movie about a boy living in a false wall in someone's house. My first thought: This is a Lifetime movie, isn't it?
 I'm at Franklin Office Centre (500 Franklin Tpk., Ramsey) 
 RT  I would like to take the most popular zombie survival guides and replace the word "zombie" with "NJ Reality TV Star" ...
 You're eager to share your ideas at work, but they may not be ... More for Libra 
  has left the building... as the WWE Champion. 
 I don't care if he's leaving, I'm buying that shirt when I get home.  
  let's hope not. x_x
 RT  A number of animals need saving from being put down tomorrow.  
  already did one. We'll try to give more notice the next time we record.
 Starting up the untitled Pop-Culture/Geek/Comedy/etc podcast now:  -- JOIN NOW!
 Doing another "UNTITLED PODCAST" with  later on. Need to find a 3rd person for this...  interest? Available?
 You have good ideas about how to get things done today, but pu... More for Libra 
  I know, right?
 Photo: Drunked from white wine and burning from Mex foods. (Taken with instagram) 
 Drunked from white wine and burning from Mex foods. 
 I'm at Chili's Grill & Bar (901 Broadhollow Road, Michael Ave, Farmingdale) 
 Neat. Just saw the Google Maps car in town.
  - That's a lot of bees.
 I'm at Chachi Bus to New York City 
 Creative thoughts are running rampant through your head as the... More for Libra 
 7.2 time.   
 I just unlocked the "Harry Potter" badge on  
 I unlocked the Must List Level 3 sticker on  
 I'm at New York Sports Club (1100 State Rt 17, Ramsey) 
 You're eager to shine your light at work now that the radiant ... More for Libra 
 First official ep of my new Pop-Culture/Geek/Comedy/etc. podcast w/  is now on the interwebs: 
 Anybody gots a Spotify invite? I'm interested in checking it out.
 ...dude deserves to do some jail time for being a lying, back-stabbing, roided up jerk.
 I'm not usually one to judge (I.e.: Casey Anthony, etc.) But I'm a little miffed that they screwed up on Roger Clemens' trial...
 The Moon's visit to your 4th House of Family can bring extra p... More for Libra 
  I could probably watch that on a loop... for 10 minutes...
 Y'know, with all these new reality shows about building random things... where's the show where they talk about using LEGO to build things?
  - That's a lot of bees.
 You could be annoyed with yourself now because you didn't let ... More for Libra 
 I'm at New York Sports Club (1100 State Rt 17, Ramsey) 
 RT  Followed  just to do this.  Retweet you, right?
 Your ruling planet Venus, now visiting your 10th House of Care... More for Libra 
 RT  This may be the end of the  Era, but it's the beginning of the new WWE Ice Cream Bars Era. 
 RT  They just chanted  hear that 
 Can't wait to see what CM Plank does...
  Hope he's ok. I saw the ref throw an "X."
 I'm at New York Sports Club (1100 State Rt 17, Ramsey) 
  "Friendship... is like an ointment..."
 RT  Friendship is not a resource you have to keep mining for. It's like the sun. You don't get upset if it goes down for a wh ...
 Your friends may believe that you're a bit imbalanced today, e... More for Libra 
 I am watching True Blood w/6051 others   
 I unlocked the Truebie sticker on    
  "Happy birthday, here's your effing peach iced tea."
 I am watching Horrible Bosses w/242 others   
 I unlocked the Opening Week sticker on  
  I should see/read/play/etc a lot of things. x_x
  yep. x_x
 You may need to put your attention on managing your money toda... More for Libra 
 Photo: Taken with Instagram at [as]central HQ 
 Just posted a photo   [as]central HQ 
 
  I know people are going to hate me for saying this... still have yet to see that movie. x_x
   same here.
  they're for the ferret droppings.
 Photo: Working on a Saturday… (Taken with Instagram at Franklin Office Centre) 
 Working on a Saturday...   Franklin Office Centre 
 Your ruling planet Venus receives a boost from jolly Jupiter n... More for Libra 
 RT  I would never just blatantly ask you guys to go see HORRIBLE BOSSES this weekend. That would be gross.
 I unlocked the Fright Night Coming Soon sticker on  
 RT  My daughter is obsessed with Fish Hooks on Disney channel. IMO it's just a shitty sponge bob ripoff.But I'll watch a ...
 Your sense of power is not derived from anything you do today;... More for Libra 
 Just bummed I missed the best part at the beginning. (Read: Mountain)   
 RT   beergaritias or MarBEERitas, which is the more popular term? I call them Snyderitas, but only if I make them ...
 Photo: Yes, there’s a giant inflatable rat outside my office. Something about building disputes for an... 
 Yes, there's a giant inflatable rat outside my office. Something about building dispute   Franklin Office Centre 
 Your plans are pulling you in different directions now, yet yo... More for Libra 
 I'm at [as]central HQ (Kennedy Blvd, "btw 91st Street and Kennedy Blvd", North Bergen) 
 I'm at Franklin Office Centre (500 Franklin Tpk., Ramsey) 
 You aren't eager to reveal your innermost feelings today, but ... More for Libra 
 I am watching True Blood w/528 others   
 I unlocked the Must List Level 2 sticker on  
 First visit in ages. Hoping it goes better than my doctor's visit. ( Ravelo Dental Center) 
  why can't I be Jerry Dorsey?
 You are clear about your current responsibilities, but you don... More for Libra 
 Photo: Taken with instagram 
 Just posted a photo 
 Photo: From the roof of my building. Happy 4th! (Taken with instagram) 
 From the roof of my building. Happy 4th! 
 On the roof. Happy 4th! ( [as]central HQ) [pic]: 
 Starring K.I.T.T.   
  sounds cool. I'd try and listen, but I have a bad streak of saying I'll listen to other podcasts. x_x
 Although social responsibilities may require your attention to... More for Libra 
 RT  Assy McGee is "trending" in US right now. Awesome. (Finally saw  Unreal...)     ...
  We have one podcast up already at  - tried recording Friday, but my laptop's been acting up.
  Ah. Well it's essentially talk about stuff in Pop Culture, Geekdom, Comedy, etc.
  theme?
 Although you might not have reached your destination yet, you ... More for Libra 
  Thanks! I got all 3 versions.
 Photo: Also… (Taken with instagram) 
 Also... 
 Photo: Beefed up the other side of my desk with new supers. See who you can make out. (Taken with instagram) 
 Beefed up the other side of my desk with new supers. See who you can make out. 
 Wrapping up the Indy series.   
 I'm at Walmart Supercenter (2100 88th St, at Tonnele Ave, North Bergen) 
 I'm at GameStop (2100 88th St, North Bergen) 
 I just ousted Marcus C. as the mayor of GameStop on  
 "X" never marks the spot.   
  yeah. Didnt have enough room for "Power Rangers"
  lulz. My luck, if I were serious, I'd sell them and then need to use them after the fact.
  wanna buy some? I have like 5 pens that I probably won't be using.
  something else I found out today: The bad guy in this (the Frenchman) is the same guy who played Ivan Ooze in the MMPR movie.
  I think they changed it in recent years. Like around the time the movies came to DVD.
 I am watching Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark   
 After tech problems last night, might be recording that Pop-Culture/Geek/Comedy/etc. Podcast w/  again tonight. Stay tuned.
  Fair enough. My  crew isn't meeting tonight anyway. Keep me posted.
  sounds cool. Any time in particular? I think I'm tied up til around 7 or 8
  honestly? I think it was my laptop causing problems, because I was on Skype with some friends afterwards and it worked fine.
 Photo: We… are going… to die! :( (Taken with instagram) 
 We... are going... to die! :( 
 I watched the Captain America: The First Avenger trailer. Excited to see the premiere!   
 I unlocked the Captain America: The First Avenger Coming Soon sticker on  
 No time for love, Dr. Jones.   
 It's not apparent where so much resistance is coming from now,... More for Libra 
  FREEKAZEE... FREEKAZOO... FREEBALOO!
 Super Technical Difficulties = Podcast Fail. Gonna try again tomorrow. THANKS SKYPE!
 RT  RT  Starting up Still-Yet-To-Be-Named Pop-Culture/Geek/Comedy/etc Podcast starring myself &  ...
 Tech probs getting things running... but NOW we are ready:   -- Pop-Culture/Geek/Comedy/etc Cast GO!
 Starting up the Still-Yet-To-Be-Named Pop-Culture/Geek/Comedy/etc. Podcast starring myself and  
 I am watching Batman   
 To-night! 9pm Eastern! LIVE! Talking Pop-Culture, Comedy and much, much more! - 
  as far as conventions go,  has the best cosplay
 Tonight, 9pm Eastern, your mind will be blown wide open: 
 You feel the pressure to make a career move today as the Solar... More for Libra 
 I'm at [as]central HQ (Kennedy Blvd, "btw 91st Street and Kennedy Blvd", North Bergen) 
 RT  Want to keep on what  & I are doing at  ? Then bookmark this link. 
 RT  Apparently, Netflix has Human Centipede as a "Cerebral Movie". I find this terribly amusing.
 Also looking for a 3rd host. (Qualifications: Must be funny, have a knowledge of things and stuff, and not be a member of the Swimcast).
 Finally releasing the "Experimental Podcast" to the public:  -- like it? More tomorrow night.
  nah. I think we need to jot down some names and poll the listening audience. What are your plans for Friday?
  Elf... Shot the food!
 You might set yourself up for disappointment today because it ... More for Libra 
 ..including the all-new Ep 127: Our 4th Anniversary. More eps will reappear on iTunes but still exist  
 With iTunes being tarded, we've cleared the entire xml file for the Swimcast. Right now listen to the last 5 episodes...
 Having to redo the XML file on iTunes... now how the hell do I flush out the old xml file on iTunes? x_x
 Editing the "Experimental/Untitled" podcast w/  As I play Gauntlet on PS3. :D
  You know XML on iTunes?
 I think I require iTunes XML assistance. Anyone out there?
 Now Rendering: Swimcast Episode 127 (the 4th Anniversary)
 Wok. (not a typo, being silly. ( Franklin Office Centre) 
  well, of course. :)
  yep. They had a 9pm show last night.
 You would like to make your choice between two divergent posit... More for Libra 
 RT  DEF 3D.... best i've seen since AVATAR RT  Transformers 3 should we do 3D or 2D?!!?
  Since he's only in about 5 - 10 minutes of the movie, I wouldn't expect you to.
 Just found out that The man who does the voice of Woodhouse on Archer voiced one of the Autobots in Dark of the Moon. As did John DiMaggio.
 :)   
 I unlocked the Opening Week sticker on  
 I'm at Borders (235 Interstate Shopping Center, Ramsey) w/ 2 others 
 I just unlocked the "Road Warrior" badge on  
  you could be Ico Pro.
 Photo: Boredom. (Taken with instagram) 
 Boredom. 
 I'm at Kohl's (Ramsey Square Shopping Center, Ramsey) 
 You have to deliver on the promises you've made or others will... More for Libra 
 Photo: Totally worth displaying this here. (Taken with Instagram at [as]central HQ) 
 Totally worth displaying this here.   [as]central HQ 
  Thank you for getting the chance to say what many of us have been thinking for the past 10 years or so. 
   I'm a one track lover.
 Going tomorrow  9pm: Transformers: Dark of the Moon 3D 
 RT  Taking print requests for SDCC. Only running off requests this time due to a limited amount of time at table. gallery- h ...
 I'm at The Boulevard Diner (9201 Bergen Blvd, North Bergen) 
 White iPad 2 Gameaway Event: 51 winners   
 Checking out the   integration
 RT  So, today is National Sunglasses day. Pardon me, but that sounds a bit (puts on sunglasses) shady. (music -YEAAAAAAH ...
 Photo: My desk  work. (Taken with instagram) 
 My desk  work. 
 RT  Nerd Approved: MST3K Headboard Critiques Your Performance 
 Your day may be totally thrown off course by someone close to ... More for Libra 
 Season Four premier. Woot.   
 I unlocked the She's Not There sticker on  
 Just installed  on my  - it's a free navigation app with fun gaming & social elements! 
 I am watching It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World   
 I am watching McHale's Navy   
 It's challenging to motivate yourself today, for you may feel ... More for Libra 
 Photo: King Kelly at the Clash Bar 
 King Kelly at the Clash Bat 
 I'm at Clash Bar (39 Harding Avenue, Clifton) 
  I'll have to find you finding me. Either that or leave a card or two with 
 RT  BREAKFAST MOST IMPORTANT MEAL OF DAY! ESPECIALLY IF IT LESS THAN SIX DEGREE FROM BACON!
 You don't like being put on the spot, especially if it's on yo... More for Libra 
 Got a bit of online stuff to do tonight. May stream the "experimental podcast" I did 2 weeks ago with  Anyone interested?
 RT  Crazy Sexy Geeks: The Podcast! 
 I'm at New York Sports Club (1100 State Rt 17, Ramsey) 
 Even a straightforward interaction with a friend could feel li... More for Libra 
 RT  Now that Christie has taken resources from school children & $$ from the middle class, will he be man enough to also take ...
 What I learned today at work: How to make a bomb using Drano and tin foil. x_x
 A relationship creates stress today as someone rebels against ... More for Libra 
 RT  RT  Whoa-  talks about moi? Am I getting soft-boring? 
 I'm at New York Sports Club (1100 State Rt 17, Ramsey) 
 Starting your job early in the day sounds like an intelligent ... More for Libra 
 RT  Squidbillies Vol. 4 released on DVD today! Buy it! Or steal it! Or watch it on DV-R! Or don't watch it! Ridicule it! Wi ...
 RT  People saying to Roger Ebert that they want to "break his jaw" is kind of hilarious given the fact that he doesn't have ...
 Blind optimism transforms into enlightened realism today as yo... More for Libra 
 The Moon in your 5th House of Self-Expression brings out your ... More for Libra 
  I miss Continental. :(
 I'm at Greek City (1300 New Jersey 17, Ramsey) 
 You are often inclined to keep your opinions to yourself in or... More for Libra 
 You may feel as if someone isn't being very responsible now an... More for Libra 
 Thanks, man! RT  Wishing  a speedy recovery and hope him well in his endeavors.   should hire this cat.
 You are often able to minimize your needs to make a situation ... More for Libra 
  I'm a bit surprised the whole "1st Hospital Experience" went so well. It would have translated better comedy-wise. :D
  I am indeed. :)
 Home now... But passing out. ( [as]central HQ) 
 Great. Can you stfu about it now! 
 A domestic issue requires your immediate attention today, but ... More for Libra 
  mmmm.... Lemon pork shoulder.
     speaking of:  
  I'll trade you my last 3 days plus Friday, granted you don't mine being a human pincushion or tethered to apparati.
 I'm at Bayshore Community Hospital (727 North Beers St, Holmdel) 
 This is an information-rich day with the Lunar Eclipse shaking... More for Libra 
 Still here. ( Bayshore Community Hospital) [pic]: 
 A current relationship could become awkward today. It may be a... More for Libra 
  wait, no. I just remembered I pre ordered it for ps3. Nevermind. x_x
  I should have been getting it tomorrow, but it looks like I have other plans. x_x
 RT   I like that even when you're in a potentially life-threatening situation, you still feel the need to sign in ...
  I was until my sister called. :D
 my first IV. 
  why the hell not? I'm not anticipating being in here by the weekend, but I wouldn't be opposed to skype either. :D
 I'm at Bayshore Community Hospital (727 North Beers St, Holmdel) 
 Everything seems to take longer today because it's difficult f... More for Libra 
 You may obsess about someone or something today and you're tem... More for Libra 
  download coming soon... possibly tomorrow
 RT  RT  Thinking of restreaming the new podcast from last night with  Anyone interested in lis ...
  Y'know I just realized nobody responded to that... as usual.
  Yeah... I know more people who play CoD on X-Box... like 
 I'm at GameStop (2100 88th St, North Bergen) 
 Thinking of restreaming the new podcast from last night with  Anyone interested in listening?
  Butt Tweeting? :D
   - also just got WWE All Stars and NHL 11. Getting Duke on Tuesday.
  Wasn't a Swimcast. New podcast tryout.
  sup?
 RT  I guess if Anthony Weiner tweeted a picture of himself wearing a diaper, this would have never been a story...
  You're in NYC?
 I'm feeling like playing something on PS3. Interested? Hit me up on the unhacked PSN: Mistershake91
 
 RT  I did a podcast with  and was asked today about the 3 Killer Pig movies that I mentioned, (CHAWZ, Pighunt, ...
  I wish I knew. They made those 4 "episodes" but they're only 7 minutes long
 You won't have much control over your schedule today because d... More for Libra 
  awesome, thanks!
  Thank YOU! We're making internets history. :)
 5 minutes til the Untitled Pop-Culture/Geek/Comedy Podcast. Pre-show hijinks are going on now with your's trul… (cont) 
 T-Minus one hour until my new Pop-Culture/Comedy/Geek Podcast LIVE -- 
 Doctor's office has Tyra Banks on. She's playing with fat guy's bellybuttons. Personally, I'd rather get blood work done again.
  yeah. Should be good stuff I'm rather pumped up. :D
 Check-up time. *crosses fingers* ( Holmdel Professional Building) 
  the one I'm doing tonight?
 Sorry, 
 Hey peeps: My new Pop-Culture/Comedy podcast is LIVE, tonight at 9pm Eastern. 
  pretty impressive list... missing a couple of people... But impressive nonetheless.
  sold my psp and games for 2 free ps3 games... And $15 preorder on Duke.
 YES!!!! RT  A classic comes 2 the App Store! Dragon’s Lair 2: Time Warp  
 Your key planet Venus is in your 9th House of Big Ideas yet he... More for Libra 
  When he figures out his new comp, I will. :P
  That's probably in the works also.
  Does that mean you're interested? ;)
  Exactly!
 Untitled Pop Culture/Comedy Podcast LIVE - Tomorrow night  9pm Eastern Time. More info to follow soon.
 I'm thinking either someone I've known for more than 10 years or a lady... I'm sure if anything it'd be the former. x_x
 Looks like I have my first compatriot for my new podcast (airing tomorrow night on JustinTV) - who else will join the campaign?
 ...any interest, inquire within (by DMing me). Podcast exp necessary. Must NOT be a member of The Swimcast. Comedy timing a must.
 ... A pop culture/comedy podcast. Might jump on JustinTV tomorrow night if I can get 1 or 2 people on with me...
 I know I've been saying this for a while (most recently about 30 minutes ago) but I really want to start a new podcast...
  is he demanding all the children be fed?
  I just heard thunder so I assume the rain still falls in North Jersey.
  seriously? Damn, now inwish I had money to afford a kinnect. x_x
  yeah, I don't think I can contest that. Nothing comes close to Goldeneye64... Not even UniRacers.
 Still still wanting to do a new podcast with people I don't record with normally. x_x
  I think it may have stopped here. Never can tell. x_x
  also: classic facility map 4evar!
 Late shift at work. ( Franklin Office Centre) 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Franklin Office Centre on  
  ...unless some insane producer convinced a network to give him his own reality show.
  I just wonder considering the whole "major announcement on Warrior's TV return." there's not many places he can go...
  stranger things have happened in TNA/Impact Wrestling. If it is, I just hope they revisit Warrior in the Magic Mirror.
  I'm actually worried that this may end up being a work leading to Warrior in Impact Wrestling. I hope I'm wrong.
  do we? What if it's not his kid? *DUMDUMDUUUUUM!*
  nice! I played the demo at PAX East. Enjoy.
  classic game. I just sold the Wii remake back to Gamestop.
  sounds like I'm not missing much. :D
 I'm at Dunkin Donuts (503 North Franklin Turnpike, Ramsey) 
  well there you go. Magazines waste time. :D
  google "time." ;)
  Hmm... Something in my head is referencing Weekend at Bernies if that's the case.
  for 30 days?
 You could experience mood swings as the Moon returns to your s... More for Libra 
 Oh hells yes.   
 I'm at New York Sports Club (1100 State Rt 17, Ramsey) 
 I'm at Franklin Office Centre (500 Franklin Tpk., Ramsey) 
 Your role at work is slowly but profoundly transforming as oth... More for Libra 
  If all else fails, I'll think of something.
  cools
 I am watching Repo Man   
  wiiiiiiuuuuuuuuu!
 Watching the True Blood S3 recap special.... they should really make an ep where all the characters use their own voices.
  
  Then have some booze and pretend Matt Damon's in it. Dammit, do I have to think of everything? 
  Just get the John Wayne version. It's probably cheaper.
  Nope. You told me you were going to reach out. Thought you might have a handle on it.
  Well I can certainly watch them. I just can't force anyone else to.
  Thanks for ruining the surprise.... asshole.
  feel free to make a post if you so feel to... like a review of something. Always looking for those.
  wait... n/m. she's on the case.
 RT  Just directed a video for  starring  James Carville and Mary Matalin! Please watch it!  ...
  it goes without saying we'll be discussing those on the second half of the show. First half should be a special guest interview.
  We'll see... I think she's as dumbfounded as I am right now. x_x
  kay
  I think Trish is going to have a go at it.
  I thought we had one? Our special guests you said you were getting?
 Want to post some [as] news, but my brain is totally shot for the evening.   Anyone?
 WIIIIII-UUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!
 My TV's tearing me between two epic scifi flicks from the 80's... both of which star   
 I'm at Subway (9252 Kennedy Blvd  112, North Bergen) 
 "A POOL! MOMMY I GO SWIMMING!!!" ( New York Sports Club) 
 You take your role as mediator very seriously today, but other... More for Libra 
  may as well have been. I only voice characters on low-budget creator based games. ;P
 RT  DEEP HURTING.
  apparently my British Cockney impersonation from the game Sherlock Holmes vs Jack the Ripper sounds like Cosby.
 Quick! I need to find a Dunkin Donuts!!!
 It's often challenging for you to make a long-term decision ab... More for Libra 
  Personally it feels like they're pointing a gun at my head and telling me I can only grab 2 games out of the 5 that I don't have.
 I'm at The Point Diner (Bergen Blvd, Fairview) 
 I am watching X-Men: First Class w/634 others   
 I earned the Opening Week sticker on  
 RT  Just noticed Fat Albert and Gilligan wear the same clothes (cept the hat) I wonder if they shop at the same store.
 The Moon enters your 11th House of Social Networking today, in... More for Libra 
  Not sure... I think he might be.
 I'm at Blvd. Liquors (Bergen Blvd, Kennedy Dr, Fairview) 
 I'm at Five Guys Burgers & Fries (2100 88th St, Tonnelle Ave, North Bergen) 
 Unconventional friends can inspire you today because you view ... More for Libra 
 RT  RT  WOW RT  How did  get in trouble for Aeon when THIS woman walked the floor? NSFW  ...
 Recent gamerDNA activity - Sentroid91 played WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011 yesterday see more… 
 ...oh, ok. 
