 Last Call at Fergie's May 8-16 
 BRAT is up for 2 Broadway World audience choice awards – voting ends Jan 16. Be heard - vote BRAT! 
 During CARRIE strike today a homeless man asked for & received the comforter from Sue's bed...who said art doesn't relate to real life?
 BRAT is doing an online symposium today for high school students - say hello to a new generation of DIY theatre fans!
 29 shows down and none to go. Still not tired of Boston's "More Than a Feeling" after all this time.
 LAST SHOW OF THE RUN! Sunday 11/7  2pm. Be there. The Wolf Building  340 N 12th St (at Callowhill)
 Just three chances left to see CARRIE. Come out to the Wolf Building for a campy good time. 
 Looking for a deal? Use the code PROM5 for one of our last shows this weekend to get $5 OFF TICKETS: 
 FINAL WEEKEND! Come see CARRIE Fri 11/5 8pm; Sat 11/6 2pm & 8pm; Sun 11/7 2pm. Tickets: 
 PS: If you want to join us on Facebook, find us here: 
 Just noticed we are 2 people away from having 600 awesomely friendly "LIKES" on our page. Way cool.
 "Dig It or Bury It? Verdict: Dig It! – “Carrie” offers big laughs" says  - 
 FINAL WEEK! See CARRIE Wed 11/3 7pm; Thu 11/4 8pm; Fri 11/5 8pm; Sat 11/6 2pm & 8pm; Sun 11/7 2pm. Tickets: 
  Glad you could come out to the show, Jess!
 RT  Need a Halloween activity in  Jess loved the adaptation of Carrie by  Here's her review:...
  Thanks for the shout-out! Followers! If you're interested in lit from PA, NJ and DE, follow 
 CARRIE late show tonite! 11PM (no 8 o'clock show). Prom/drag/horror costumes encouraged. PBR will be flowing...
 "Brat Productions scored with another Halloween spectacle." Another review up on  
 See Carrie: Wed 10/27 7pm; Thu 10/28 8pm; Fri 10/29 11pm (late-night show!); Sat 10/30 2pm &  8pm; Sun, 10/31 7pm.
 What's better, great review or the tagline of this website? "For homos who love horror & the non-homos who love them" 
 The weekend is upon us. Carrie shows: Sat 10/23 2pm & 8pm; Sun, 10/24 7pm. Tickets online or at the door yo!
 RT  What's campy, fun, and perfect for a halloween date? "Carrie" by Brat Productions! 
 Awww thanks,  Nice shout out for  in the City Paper Choice 2010 "Vision" issue! 
 "Catch a performance of “ Carrie” for an out of the ordinary spook-season activity." via  
 w00t. RT  I thought  Carrie was funny as hell!
  thanks for the shout out. DM if you want to see Carrie & review for your blog. It's a great show to see w/ friends ;-)
  Glad you enjoyed the show! Tell your friends. We have some tix details posted on 
 RT  In   is doing an adaptation of Stephen King's "Carrie." Such a fun Halloween idea!...
 Yo  Get $10 Student Rush tickets to see the Halloween show CARRIE  340 N 12th St now thru Nov 7! 
 Yo  Get $10 Student Rush tickets to see the Halloween show CARRIE  340 N 12th St now thru Nov 7! 
 Yo  Get $10 Student Rush tickets to see the Halloween show CARRIE  340 N 12th St now thru Nov 7! 
 Yo  Get $10 Student Rush tickets to see the Halloween show CARRIE  340 N 12th St now thru Nov 7! 
 We're offering student rush tickets to Carrie for $10 cash at the door every night of the run. Come out!
 This week's Carrie show schedule: Wed 10/20 7pm; Thu 10/21 8pm; Fri 10/22 8pm; Sat 10/23 2pm & 8pm; Sun, 10/24 7pm. Tix: 
 The original 1976 trailer for Carrie. Getting all nostalgic here... 
 TONIGHT, 7pm at L'Etage! Erik Ransom AKA Carrie performs at a benefit for the ARTAUD UNBOUND festival co-produced by BRAT & EgoPo.
 "Trust me. You don't want to miss this." Horror site Play With Death came out to Carrie. Here's the review: 
 Sunday, bloody Sunday. We have a show tonight at 7pm. Get $5 off tix for saying "There's no place like prom" at the door. Come on out!
 Psssssst. Did you read about our blood recipe for Carrie in  Inqling's column? 
  sorry you almost cracked a rib from laughing so hard. There's really nothing we can do to tone down the humor.
  thanks for high-five on Carrie! Followers, check out  for some awesomeness.
 ♥♥♥ RT  Phillyist Reviews...'Carrie' - was  comedic rendition of the horror film, well, funny? 
  wowza, you're making our afternoon here. Glad you enjoyed Carrie!
 RT  BRAT Productions' adaptation of Carrie? Hilariously awesome scary success. Read  review! 
  launched a new blog called GPhilly and we're on it. It's all inclusive, yo. Weekender: 
 "All you’ll really need to enjoy this production is a sense of humor." In this week's Montgomery + Main Line TICKET: 
 "Looking for a bit of humor to add to your sinister Halloween-filled entertainment ... no better option than Carrie." 
 Our friends EgoPo are hosting an evening of boundary blurring rock with Mr. Erik Ransom on Oct 19 at L'Etage. Details: 
 You have 2 days to see CARRIE before pennant fever hits home. $5 off for saying "There's no place like prom" at the door. Come on out!
 This week's Carrie schedule: Wed 10/13 7pm; Thu 10/14 8pm; Fri 10/15 8pm; Sat 10/16 2pm
 The Latest BRAT Newsletter posted on Facebook: "It's a whole lot of fun, a good time." CARRIE ticket deals inside! 
 BRAT's Michael Alltop talks CARRIE. Find out what Michael would do if he had the power of telekinesis on our site: 
 Great interview with Erik Ransom AKA Carrie White in EDGE Philadelphia. Check it out: 
 Fun CARRIE review from the scary site  Thanks for coming out to the show. Read the review: 
 RT  At the Brat production of Carrie. Program has a 1979 prom theme, people can get prom pictures taken, etc. Liking the attn ...
 Thanks for the love! RT  Everyone should go see  "Carrie." It's fun, funny and totally worth it.
 Today is National Coming OUT Day! Check out PW’s “Month of Gay” article highlighting GLBTQ friendly events this month: 
 Lookin' for BRATs to drop postcards & hang slick CARRIE posters at cafes/shops around Philly. You'll get CARRIE tickets! DM for details!
 It's OUTFEST in Philly on 10-10-10 AND we're in the Philadelphia Gay News this week. It's all gay, er, good. 
  Most excellent. If you come early, on 10/30, we're having a special late-nite show at 11pm. Spoooooooooooky.
 We love this story. Read it. RT  Brat delivers a new twist on 'Carrie' 
  Dear Diego 'Cool' Garcia, Saw your tweet. I hear you wanna see Carrie. We'll be waiting for you at the prom...
    We're down underground in the basement. How about you guys come see Carrie after work one night?
 RT  FREE STUFF: Win tickets to Eastern State's Terror Behind the Walls AND a performance of Brat Productions' "Carrie": http: ...
 Wicked. RT  If you want to laugh for an hour and a half, go see Brat Production's CARRIE !!!! the cast is wicked hilarious.
  Why thanks for the kudos, Amanda!
 Played to a packed house last night at our opening for Carrie. It was a bloody good time. Come out this weekend & see for yourself!
 Well look at this. Carrie the musical in 2011-12 Off-Broadway. "MCC Theater Plots Revenge for ‘Carrie’" via  
 Sorry boys & girls, tonight's opening of CARRIE is SOLD OUT. Come see us this weekend! We have shows Fri & Sat at 8pm, Sun at 7pm!
 Carrie preview tonight at 7pm. Want to come? Tickets are just $15. We promise spilled blood ;-)  Underground Arts, 340 N 12th St
 Erik Ransom AKA Carrie White and BRAT's Michael Alltop talk CARRIE with the Gloucester County Times: 
 RT  Stephen King's Carrie got adapted for the stage? Awesome. Read up, win a pair of tickets and a t-shirt. 
 We've got blood. We've got shower stalls. We've got dance moves choreographed by Karen Gatz.Oh my. Carrie rehearsal pics: 
 Hey look ma, I'm on YouTube! Jim Hilgen w/WRTI & STAGE Magazine stopped by rehearsals a few weeks to talk about CARRIE: 
 BRAT gives new meaning to the term "blood test" with experiments for CARRIE. 
 Warning! Warning! Warning: Carrie preview performances on Oct. 2 & 3 CANCELED, Join us next week! More Info Here: 
 Hey look! We're in this week's  Pick up a copy and read about us! Or click here: 
 Here's Michael Alltop, getting ready for  Prom!  After working all day on CARRIE, he felt like a zombie too.
  Zombie Prom was totally tricked out. Great job! Did you see Erik Ransom AKA Carrie White at the prom?
 We have subwoofers under the audience seating area for Carrie. Yes, we hope you will literally be quaking in your boots.
 Do shiny objects attract Zombies? Maybe Carrie shouldn't wear her Tiara tonight  Prom...
 Today is the start of Banned Books Week (Sept 25-Oct 2). Did you know King’s “Carrie” is one of the 100 most-banned books in the U.S.?
  If you're thinking Halloween already, come see our show CARRIE. You'll def. get some costume ideas. Opening night is Oct. 7.
 We're excited for  Prom Saturday Night  2 Lucky Zombies will win tickets to see CARRIE! 
 In 06 Perf. Space 122 in NYC did Erik Jackson’s Carrie. NYT raved “Absurdism is the order of the day.” BRAT's Carrie starts Oct 2. Come!
 We think it's time you entered our "Horror High: Outrageously True Tales From Your Graduating Class!" ticket contest: 
   Thxs for sharing the music vid for Carrie! The song is way catchy, I hear it when I'm not! 
 Find us on Facebook: 
 We're in the final hour! Use the code CHEAPDATE to save 20% on tickets. This offer expires  midnight tonight! 
 Man these are some embarrassingly awesome original Carrie-era Prom Photos! 
 You only have until MIDNIGHT TONIGHT to save 20% on tickets to CARRIE.  Use the promo code CHEAPDATE, you cheap bastard.
 Our Latest & Greatest Newsletter: 20% Discount EXTENDED, Carrie Music Video Premiere, Michael Alltop on WXPN, and more! 
 "No Place Like Prom" CARRIE Theme Song & Official BRAT Music Video! Written & performed by Erik Ransom 
 Little Bunny Voodoo is run by 2 designers working on CARRIE. Amazing, spooky work w/puppets. See them  
 Pig Iron's Cankerblossom - a souffle of "City of Lost Children" and Flaming Lips, made with cardboard but without the aftertaste.
 RT  Members nab Pews!      
 Got less change in your pockets? Get your tixs for CARRIE now & save 20% off first 35 tix to each show w/code: CHEAPDATE 
 BRAT regulars & alums fuel the Fringe Late-Nite Cabarets: Conda, Ransom, Distefano, Giovanni - check 'em out 
  How about Hawk Krall? 
 The sound of jackhammers at the under-renovation former Khyber is basically the same as the punishing beats of bands who once played here.
 Our latest BRAT newsletter is up on Facebook:  - sign-up for our mailing list to get the news direct: 
 Bloody Good Dish: Q&A with CARRIE playwright Erik Jackson 
 PS: Here's one of my favorite shots. The prom crowd goes nuts for CARRIE! 
 Just put up some amazing photos from our CARRIE music video shoot on Facebook. Check them out here: 
 BRAT is going to be a part of an "Off-Broad Street" consortium of like-minded Philly theatre companies... 
 Tonight's the night! Come be in BRAT's music video w/CARRIE star Erik Ransom  RUBA Hall 9pm. Wear your prom best! 
 Who wants to make plans for Sunday night? We're filming a CARRIE music video  RUBA Hall & we want YOU in it! Details: 
 NYTimes reports on "Theatre for Audiences of One." We like the idea of intimacy but prefer "group" experiences. 
 Erik Ransom is set to rock RUBA Hall Sunday for our music video shoot. He can sing! He can dance! Listen: 
 Costume & FX Designer Alisa Sickora Kleckner is making a big, bleeding PIG for CARRIE. Cue squeals of Horror/Delight.
 PS: Take  survey to win an all-access pass to the  Festival! Winners will be selected August 13. 
 Philly arts photographer  has a new site & it's looking sharp! Check out his photos: 
 RT  Wanna be in the most famous prom scene of all time?  is filming a Carrie music video at  Sunday: ...
  Thanks for sharing the news about our music video shoot this Sunday. Hope you can make it!
 Come one, come all to BRAT's prom-themed music video shoot w/ CARRIE star Erik Ransom. RUBA Hall, Sun. Aug. 15 at 9pm. 
 Heard a "select a set" on  from our very own Michael Alltop this morning, plus a plug for Carrie. Thanks, Michaela Majoun!
 Just added myself to the  twitter directory under:      
 Everyone is getting excited about CARRIE. Interview today w/ Michaela Majoun at  studios. Will air in Sept, I'll let you know when.
  Exactly. PS: I kind of love your Twitter bio: "i'm rosie o'donnell meets david sedaris." LOL.
 Lots of great CARRIE trivia. Test your skills: 
 The CARRIE script literally says: “the car FLIPS UP and EXPLODES as it lands. (That’s not asking for much, is it?)” 
  glad you found us on the Twitter!
 Dear  will you be bringing a date to the prom? Carrie wouldn't have it any other way... See you in October!
 RT  NOW SEE THIS:  trailer for "Carrie." Can Erik Ransom fill Sissy Spacek's prom pumps?!: 
 Take CARRIE to prom! For a cheap date, buy tickets Now - Sept 7 for 20% off first 35 tix to each show w/ code:CHEAPDATE 
 We've been living under a rock here at Fort BRAT...just found out the Khyber (where we have offices) is turning Japanese...
 20% early bird discount on CARRIE through September 7! 
 Our first promo video for Carrie is online! Does it bring back memories of your own prom horror stories? Check it out: 
 USER 927, developed & produced by Brat in 2008, gets a production in NYC. 
 We just just scored two nominations for Barrymore Awards: Best Ensemble and Outstanding Direction of a Play - 
 Pew says we "succeeded in enhancing the theatrical experience" for 5,347 theatergoers w/ Haunted Poe in study:  
 Check out the results of our Carrie photo shoot! Who wouldn’t want to take this Carrie to prom?   
 Thanks for the love  Hope to see you this Halloween for our black comedy version of Carrie. It's going to be a bloodbath.
 Thanks to 'Talk Stephen King' for sharing our Carrie news, saying it looks "fresh, creative and very energetic!" here: 
 Psychological horror meets outrageous camp in our Halloween 2010 production of Carrie. 10/2-11/7   
 For shoot we turned a bare stage into prom dream. Erik Ransom is Carrie, Alisa Sickora Kleckner applies the blood. 
 Can't wait to see who buys the full-size, costumed "Masque of the Red Death" ghoul on Saturday... 
 This Saturday: HAUNTED POE "yardsale" 10am-4pm, 38 Jackson St, South Philly. See photos of the haunted goods on Facebook: 
 So we have ourselves a Facebook page, if you're on FB 'like' us at  for insider BRAT news
 A fansite for Carrie! Hasn't been updated since Dec., but check the archives for tons of interesting info: 
 Thanks for the shout-out  Carrie is going to be a bloodbath. Stay tuned for more details...
 First CARRIE photo shoot next week. Bible? Check. Prom dress? Check. Bucket o' blood? Check-check-double-check.
 RT  How'd Brat Productions scare up record-breaking attendance at Haunted Poe? Check out the new audience engagement stu ...
 Great NPR interview w/ Stephen King re-aired, lots of writing tips in this one: The 'Craft' Of Writing Horror Stories 
 You should listen! RT  brats don't wait till friday for FF - you should follow wildly creative and loveable brats 
 You may have heard, we're doing Carrie as an outrageous black comedy in Oct. Read more on our site:   
  Poe is ever popular! We're pretty excited. Thanks for the shout-out.
  the kind of theater you just described sounds like us. Have you ever seen a Brat show? If not, join us in Oct. for Carrie!
  Glad you loved Haunted Poe. I'm officially inviting you to the prom in October - we're doing Carrie like you’ve never seen before!
 Brat's Haunted Poe = Best Production (play) in 09-10 says  Best of for Costume Design too. Read it  
 Jeff at the Khyber serves up the most amazing bar food in Philly. Tonite I'm having chicken & andouille gumbo - a huge meal, just 4 bucks!
 I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "Haunted Poe RIP" 
 WHYY reports that HAUNTED POE caused a citywide shortage of cockroaches! 
 Chicago! City of Big Shoulders! And those pesky Blackhawks! Brat is here at the national theatre conference, TCG,... 
 Swim Pony's SURVIVE! is heady, trippy, sublime. Beam yourself over to the Wolf Building before the fractals disperse forever.
 Some nice graphics shaping up for CARRIE (thanks Heads of State!) Take a peek and see what creeps you out more...
 Shows to see this week: LEAVING  Wilma, SURVIVE  Swim Pony, BEFORE YOUR VERY EYES in NYC.
 Auditions for our Halloween show, CARRIE, begin today.
 Brat AD attending 2010 TCG National Conference. My profile:  
 Brat just got the rights to CARRIE, Erik Jackson's black-comedy adaptation of Stephen King's 1974 thriller - coming this Halloween!
 POE sound designer Mike Kiley rocking Johnny Brenda's  with his band The Mural and the Mint.
 Judging a monologue slam at L'Etage, hosted by  Persona: Simon? Kara? Not cool enuff to be Randy, nor funny enuff to be Ellen
 It's that time of year: grant-writing season. Big, BIG Brat plans if all the funding falls into place. 
 finishing up some big grants for big BRAT plans between now and 2012
 thanks St. Patrick for the use of his holiday, Madi Distefano for the amazing drinks, and everyone who came out... 
 March 17: "Saint Bratty's Day" reading & party upstairs at Plays & Players 
  the antennae are up and receiving transmission.
 This just in: Brat is Philly's "Best Inexpensive Alternative Theater" according to Philadelphia Weekly. But you... 
 We like these words when said in succession and spoken about Brat:
 Brat's Devo color is red: Find out your Devo color at 
 What's next for Brat? We're putting the finishing touches on grant proposals for a new musical work. It's gonna rock.
 High fives to Pig Iron in American Theatre magazine, and the article's author, Krista Apple aka Mrs. Smith/Martin in 24-hr Bald Soprano.
 RT  Laurel Hill Cemetery appears to be giving the same tour I gave in Aug:  Would have been nice ...
 Who stayed the longest at 24-Hour Bald Soprano? We saw Darnell from  at LEAST 12 hours...anyone beat that?
 Our thanks to the "pack of boozed-up Bald Soprano groupies" who made this Citypaper review a fun read: 
 Citypaper's Pat Rapa blogged after seeing hours 3&4 ... 
 Final, manic moments. Full house. Brilliant finish
 What do the Energizer Bunny & Bald Soprano have in common? They both keep going on. And on. And on
 Adrenaline high. Acting as extreme sport. Importance of the spectator. Alchemical storytelling.
 Photos from 3AM. Seems like only yesterday...wait... it WAS only yesterday: 
 Nate the Great: The Fire Chief, off the Hook! 
 Scott Johnston and his manic, mad-cabaret puppet-punks have taken over the lobby entertainment. 
 The sun is shining. Theatre is happening. Extreme performance art. Non-sequiturs in Manchester dialect. Thanks, Ionesco, wherever you are.
 Half-way through. Cast going strong. Amazing.
 Beer: 300. Coffee: 160. Coffee's playing catch-up.
 55 people in the house at 4:00 a.m. A prank was pulled. Years from now hundreds--nay, thousands--will claim to have... 
 Yes, tweeting is allowed during the show. Can you describe your experience in 140 or less?
 "come and go, night and day." 15 people just showed up.
 It's 4:00 a.m. 40 people in the house. Amazing energy.
 OK. Time to go get the donuts.
 6 shows down. 19 to go. 100 cups of Mugshots coffee, done. 200 PBRs, kicked...Yeah, it's that kinda night.
 Cast is warming up. Lots of "hmmm" "mmaaah" "haaaaa" going on
 Jess Conda (The Maid) says, "let's do dis like Brutus, coz we ain't new to this" 
 It's happening, it's really happening. 8PM tonight - the beginning of the 24-hour marathon. Soon to arrive:... 
 3AM party at the Annenberg. Seriously. FREE donuts 3-6AM. Playing "Bloody Mary" in the lobby is optional.
 In less than 9 hours we launch into the unknown. Sales are strong for first 2 and last 2 blocks – sellouts possible.
 In the event of a sell-out, the show will be projected in the Annenberg lobby. Tested it yesterday - the image is HUGE, about 10' x 10'
 Picked up the set at 6:30 a.m. Load-in at Annenberg began 9:00. Here's where we are as of 12:30 p.m. 
 From the mad, sleep-addled mind of Scott Johnston comes BALD SOPRANO Action Figures! 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- 24 Hour BALD SOPRANO ACTION FIGURES 2010 
 It had to happen: 24-Hour The Bald Soprano ACTION FIGURES! 
 Alltop and Distefano give the lowdown on the 24BS hoedown, on Rep Radio 
 Need energy for the show? Get Verve for free! 
 Who’s brewing fresh, free coffee for all 24 hours? None other than Mugshots Coffeehouse! Check 'em out 
 Come to "A 24-Hour THE BALD SOPRANO" Friday, January 22 from 8:00 pm to 11:00 pm. Get ready...get set...at 8PM... 
 FACEBOOK invite/event for 24-Hour The Bald Soprano is HERE: 
 A most thorough analysis of The Bald Soprano... 
 Cast is doing 5 back-to-back peformances today to prep for Fri/Sat marathon.
 Darnelle Radford from Rep Radio interviewing us about the show 
 Mr. Smith, an Englishman, will say “cockatoos” 240 times between 8PM Fri & 8PM Sat. To which Mrs. Smith will reply “such caca!” 216 times.
 Cast of A 24-Hour THE BALD SOPRANO on the cover of Citypaper 
 The Bald Soprano has been playing in Paris since 1957. Not 24 hours a day, but still.
 Want quick show info? Check out these FAQs ASAP! 
 Nate Holt has urged his mates to forego caffeine. Last time he did Bald Soprano, quitting til showtime super-fueled his 24-hour performance.
 HAUNTED POE Gets a Nod in PW's Mid-Season Report Card 
 The Cast of A 24-Hour THE BALD SOPRANO Get Fired Up! 
 I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "CityPaper Photo Shoot" 
 Today: Bald Soprano cast stokes fire in City Paper newsbox for warmth, while CP photog captures it all.
 Sign Sign everywhere a sign  
 Feeling Poe-ly: 13 rooms. Live roaches. It's a fright, literally 
 Poe Poe  Video Show (A Round Up) 
 Art in the Age is just the coolest gallery/store in Philly and now they're on the HAUNTED POE bandwagon - 
 Laurel Hill Cemetery Walk SOLD OUT! 
 And the winners are... 
 Just finished loading in 200 sheets luaun, 100 sheets plywood, 300 2x4s, all for POE.
 Dame Darcy is the host of the creepy-fun proceedings.
 Haunted Poe doll-crafting workshop (1PM) & cabaret (9PM) tomorrow at Latvian Society. 531 N. 7th
 USER 927 (Brat 2008 world premiere) just won the New Generations Playwriting Award!
 User 927, developed at Brat, receives a reading 2nite in NYC for production consideration.
 It would be nice if we spelled "Haunted" correctly, right?
 Brat Productions Unearths Edgar Allan Poe in 'Hanted Poe': 
 Brat Productions exhumes Edgar Allen Poe's body in Haunted Poe - haunted theatrical event for Poe's 200th birthday. 
 At Drama League awards.  In line for drinks. There's  a guy in front of me with a punky haircut, earring and British accent. Who?  Sir E ...
 oh man. Geoffrey Rush and David Hyde Pierce are here. Geeking out...
 Headed to NYC tomorrow for the Drama League awards, and a symposium on directing & producing theatre. Philly represent!
 Brat's  the Theatre Alliance Spark Market 2nite. Actors, designers, schmoozin' n boozin'. Join us!
 Gary Steuer, Chief Cultural Officer: "the budget for the arts is larger this year than last." Brat is getting a $2,000 bump over last year.
 At the Phila Cultural Fund grant reception: there's still city money to support the arts!
 The Prez of PNC bank has his SAG card! There is hope for arts in Philly.
 Just announced: PNC "Arts Alive" initiative - $5 mill/yr for Philly area arts.
 R.E.M., Iron & Wine, Beck - Brat! We're working with Heads of State on graphic design for HAUNTED POE - 
 Join Brat 2nite  Fergie's for EDEN, with Madi Distefano. 9PM!
 Oh man. Tony Lawton is doing his character Buddy Felch tonite at Fergie's Pub - 8PM. $10 & Free Sly Fox beer!
 getting ready for PUB THEATRE FEST  FERGIE'S. bring on the free beer!
 Best Buy, Black Friday. Can U feel the holiday love?
 It's snowing. I need this hat: 
 Just back from NYC doing research for our Haunted Poe project scheduled for Oct 2009.
 At the Eagles pre-season game vs Panthers
 [] - I luv u SEPTA
 I'm not waitin' on a lady. I'm just waitin' on a train.
 [] - iBlondie
 messing around with sketches app on the iphone. welcome, addiction
 oh dear the apple apps store is open
 [] - Check this out!
 Going to see Devo at the Pier in Philly & meet Jerry Casale & Mark Mothersbaugh afterward to discuss a potential musical collaboration.
 On the train post-rehearsal. We open in just over 2 weeks.
 Going to see BUG at Theatre Exile. High hopes...
 Rehearsing world premiere play USER 927 from 10-6
 I've discovered Keith Olbermann on MSNBC. Man that guy hates O'Reilly.
 Car's in the shop & I'm waiting 4 a ride home
 At Kinkos putting 2gethr yet another funding proposal!
 trying to find an all-nite diner with decent coffee.
 searching the web
