 Inevitable?  Really?  I still like to think it's possible to avoid "crunch time" :) 
 Achieved a new personal record with  Farthest distance in a month  
 Engagement Photos = Great Success! :)
 Another beautiful day in Van! :)
  My fav Xbox Summer of Arcade Game is Bastion.
  No worries, just thought I'd point it out :)
  Yo dude, do you really need to post the latest shows you're downloading?  It's taking up my entire timeline :(
 MTV Networks - Futurama Head in a Jar -  
 After a price match and 2 trade ins, I got Crysis 2 for $14 after taxes. It was originally $60+tax :)
 Achieved a new personal record with  Farthest distance in a week  
 likes Otis (feat. Otis Redding) by Jay-Z & Kanye West on Ping  
 RT    Metacritic score just keeps going UP!
 Captain America time!  JUSTICE!
 Beer O'Clock! :)
  Well, I wouldn't be surprised if (at some point) Apple allows iPhone games to be played on the Mac.  Take that Steam! ;)
  Oh, cool!  I haven't tried ES yet -- I thought it was for iPhone dev only.  Have they opened it up for the Mac as well?
 The Flaming C! 
  TRIM support?  I'm really liking the launchpad feature :)
 RT  Happy  day! Go see the movie and go play the game!
  I think this tweet single-handedly justified the existence of Twitter, lol :)
  Thanks for the kind words!  Much appreciated!  Everyone played an important role!  I agree with you though -- go and buy it! :)
 I think I'm finally updated to Lion (OS X 10.7)!
 Everyone should use this as their desktop! 
 New Prototype 2 trailer!  Watch now! 
 Prototype 2 Video Game, SDCC 11: Exclusive Homecoming Trailer HD |  GameTrailers.com 
 Include  in your tweet to see who will be on the cover!
 New Spider-Man trailer! 
  Cool, thanks for the update!
 Is a new Riddick on the way?  I sure hope so! 
  Is one of those getting your copy of Cap?
 RT  eeek Season 2!  
 RT    has a better metacritic than 
 RT    is on store shelves NOW, get off yo butt and grab a copy!!!
  Only now!?  It's amazing!
 A 7.5/10 for Cap -- not too bad! 
  San Andreas is still at 1200 pts for me -- what should I expect to see?  Thanks!
 Google+ is officially on the iPhone! 
 
 
 
 
 Get recognized for all you do on Xbox LIVE! Sign up for Xbox LIVE Rewards and start getting back what you put in. 
 New Beastie Boys video! 
  Awesome, thanks!
  Think we'll get our copies tomorrow?
 RT    COMES OUT TOMORROW
 Looks awesome! 
 Ruh roh! 
  Thank you!  It was a lot of work, but well worth it! :)
 Grouse Grind: 53 Minutes! Boo-ya!
 Hahaha: 
 What time is it?  Grouse Grind time!
 Here's another one: 
 Entire playthrough of Captain America (Ch 1-5 as of this posting)! 
 
 
 RT  screw you ign!   rocks!
 First Cap review is in! 
 More leaked Cap! 
 Can't wait for Rage! 
  haha -- fair enough -- so am I!
  What happened to "Technology is awesome!" ?
 RAGE Video Game, Making Of The Arsenal HD | Video Clip | Game Trailers & Videos | GameTrailers.com 
 Captain America launch trailer! 
 Great new song by Calvin Harris: 
 "The Change Up" was awesome! 
 Great jokes by Seth Meyers! 
 Go go Cap! 
 RT  7 days until YOU can play  
  Conan O'Brien! :)
 The Flaming C: Official Site 
  Great campground!  Stayed there many times :)
  Welcome to Twitter!
 RT   Interview with  the man who wrote the soundtrack for my game  
  Congrats!
 And the countdown begins ... 
 Consolation Champs!
 Last game today!  Going for the consolation final!
  Facebook invites?
 Me hurts :(
 Bball in the park! 
 Time for basketball!
 Loving Horde mode! 
 New Calvin Harris! 
  Very cool real-time terrain synthesis.  I wonder if they're using my tech ;) Haha.
 Time to partay NLG style! :)
  Adding you now :)
  Good luck!
  I'll email Sheldon then.  If you change your mind, just let me know :)
 Looks like I can officially send invites now in Google+.  If you want one, fire me a message :)
 Visit GameTrailers to see the new BioShock Infinite Footage! 
  See you then!
  Hey man, gonna have to pass on the DVD case.  Thanks for asking though :)
 It's been 2yrs + 1 day since I moved to Vancouver to work in games!  Time sure flies when you're having fun :)
  Sorry to hear that.  I was mislead :(
  That's awesome :)
  I'll let "my sources" know about that.  And by sources, I mean one person on Facebook, lol.  Hurry up Google!
 My sources tell me that Google+ is now open to anyone with a gmail address :)
 Kane & Lynch 2 for $9.99? 
  Let me talk it over with Stacey, and I'll get back to you ASAP.  Thanks for the pic!
 Soli Deo Gloria Productions, LLC - Marathon 1 -  
  Will do :)
  Is War for Cybertron better than the new Transformers game (that released with the movie)?  Thanks for the feedback :)
 Which game should I get: StarCraft II, Transformers: War for Cybertron, or both for $5?
  Do it!
 RT  2 weeks until   is on store shelves!
 More Cap images! 
 Add me on Google+ :) 
  Unfortunately, that wouldn't be a great idea :(
 Anyone want to test Prototype 2? 
 Interesting read ... 
 Preview of the score for Captain America! 
  Boo urns!
 Beautiful Day in Deep Cove! 
 Going for a hike at Quarry Rock today! 
 Go Canadians! 
  Not yet :(. But, I haven't tried the 2nd way yet. I'll keep you posted. Thanks again :)
  Thanks for the info :)
  Ya, I'm hoping they open this service up ASAP 
  This guy right here, is really envious, lol ;)
 Happy Canada Day! 
  Thanks for the info :)
  Hi, when's a good time to head downtown for the fireworks (to get a good view)?  Thanks!
  Can you send me an invite to Google+ ?
 They've spoiled Cap's ultra-secret weapon, lol 
 Anyone have a Google+ invite they can send my way?  Thanks in advance :)
  I gotta watch those movies again sometimes soon.  Watching the blu-ray version(s)?
  Noooooo :(
 RT  "This shit is terrible." 
 A few minor scuffs later, and the apartment is offically clean!  Last area to clean is the bathroom.  I'll tackle that beast on Wed night :)
 Death Rally is free! 
 Loving Dark Athena! 
 Anybody need/want 2GB of RAM? 
 RAM Upgrade complete.  I'm at 8GB, and Stacey is at 4GB :)
 Under 180 unread emails in my inbox.  It's been a productive morning :)
 New Cap Screens! 
 Saints Row: The Third looks amazing! 
 Go Cap! 
  I agree.  I love the narrator/voice over.
  Cool story!  Just fired you an email.  Hope this first week of parenthood hasn't been too crazy! :)
 RT  Bloomberg: iPhone 5 in September with A5 chip, 8MP camera; next iPad gets higher-res, more responsive display  ...
 music so excellent i just bothered to download it  
  And Saskatoon? ;)
 I have great timing when I chose to hike The Chief! It's always foggy! 
 Happy Faja's Day! 
 Oh Canada :) 
 Anthropology Museum! 
 So tired ...
 Great start to the day: Broke a figurine and ripped my shorts on a jagged piece of metal in the bike locker.  Awesome ...
  The Big Lebowski 
 Whoa ... 
 Classy ... 
 RT  ‎Maybe they should send Thomas out to stop the riots? He stopped everything else...  
 Yikes! 
  Definitely :)
 We'll all be singing about the win tonight! 
 Samuel L. Jackson is my hero! 
  Looking good man! 
 BBQ! 
 Enjoying a nice BBQ outside of work :)
 RT  Great face-off with  and Hugh Jackman for this year's Tony awards.  Watch it!! 
 RT  70 years after WW2, LeBron James has America rooting for the German.  Congratulations 
 MAAAAAAVVVVVVVVVSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Come on Mavs, you're so close!!!
 What part of this makes sense?  A guy stares at me as he crosses on a red, and when I motion for him to get going, he flips me off!?!?
 Go Mavs!!!
 Attention Vancouver: NBA playoffs are on as well, and you should watch them! 
 Beach Day! 
  Damn, oh well.  Thanks for the update!
 Going for a run at Jericho Beach! 
 Force Unleashed 1 & 2 (Xbox 360) for only $40! 
  I think I found an RPG I want to play! 
  Is the deal at Dell still on?  That link doesn't take me to an Xbox Live Gold Card product page.  Thanks!
  Such a great song & video!
  Nicely done! :)
  I agree :)
  Saweet! :)
  Very envious right now :(
  Definitely a game changer, lol.
  Congrats?
  Check this out: 
 RT  Profiles of the Noodlecake team!    (I just like Ty's pixel art)
 It has potential! 
 RT  Smoking sure is one unattractive habit
 Just pre-ordered Rage and Gears 3 from FS and saved over $30.  What are you pre-ordering? 
 RT   Basketball Winners Tier 1: 1st place  2nd place Radical Entertainment, 3rd Place Fortis BC
 Next Level's next game (say that 10X fast): 
 RT  Nintendos new console is "deeper and wider"...lets just let the jokes write themselves on this one  ...
  Hopefully.  It'd be nice to see the 4S model release at the same time as iOS 5 :)
  It looks like a smooth experience as well -- and that video shows the beta in motion -- the full experience won't be worse :)
  Looks like the 3GS is good to go! 
 Gaming overload, & it's only day 1 of e3!
  Loved the presentation!  Can't wait for September! 
 RT   I already have it
  Agreed!  Very frustrating loss ... :(
  That's what MS seems to be doing this year: 
  Very true.  Sounds promising though :)
  Does it use the 3D effect?
  Time will tell.  Have a good day man, time for push ups and then work.  Ttyl.
  You are correct.  I'm pumped to geek out today, lol.  Hopefully Apple announces a 4GS so I can upgrade :)
  Tons, and thanks!  Got to play it all day on Tuesday.  It was awesome (and I mean that with all biased removed)!
  Ya, good pt.  Either way though, this is a great start to the week! :)  Have you seen this? tinyurl.com/3ftxkdu
  I like the Twitter integration as well.  I would be very surprised in lion did NOT work with your iMac.
  I agree, but honestly, Apple shouldn't make a 2yr old device obsolete! :(
  What do you want/expect to see?
  Sure am! Predictions: iOS 5 introduces better notifications and drops 3GS support :(  New OS will release this month :)
  Thank you kind sir :) (no disrespect intended in my reply)
 Very cool POV of the Canucks game winning goal! 
  No need to take cheap shots here. Just because you don't game on a real console doesn't mean you have to attack Sony/MS ;)
 Fatov! 
 Sorry if this is a duplicate post, but we were SO CLOSE this weekend! 
  Outside of those: Gears 3, Modern Warfare 3, and RAGE!
  With bias: Prototype 2 and Captain America :)
 CCV time again!  Going for 3-0 and then the championship! :)
 I don't want to jinx it, but I *think* summer is here :)
 Thank you Best Buy for giving me $$ back for Brink after it went on sale :)
 Cubs win, Cubs win!
 Already have two wins under the belt.  Lets make it 3 Canucks!
 RT  Emma Frost's THREE mutant powers: Telepathy, Transformation to Solid Diamond and last but not least, Sucking at Acting.
  Awesome, hopefully you agree with my choice :)
 CCV Update: 2-0! :)
 Time to get my CCV bball on!
 Loved the new X-Men movie!  Go and see it!
 Check out the new Prototype 2 trailer!  Pure sexiness! 
 RT  almost time for  again!
  Just horrible ... you are missing some great games!  As a player, you should be watching ;)
  Heh, good pt.  Still frustrating though ...
  *was changed
 The schedule for this weekend's CCV bball tourney were changed to accomodate the NHL Playoffs, but not Sunday's NBA Finals game? Hmmmmmm ...
 I'd like to thank the f'ing geniuses who live above me: Under no circumstances is it cool to move and build furniture at 3am!
 RT  Glenn Beck gone on June 30! Or as it'll be known on Planet Batshit, the day the music died
 Thanks Kendal! 
  Amazing!  Go Dirk!
 GOOOOOO MAVSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!
 RT  Stop playing scared  C'mon beat the heat!!!!
 If you want quality web hosting for $3.50/month, head here!  Offer ends June 6th! 
 RT  Sweet! RT  "Windows 8" demo video is now available for embedding & sharing  
 George Lucas strikes back! Haha! 
 Shaq retires! 
 Looks awesome! 
 Anyone else playing Brink online?  What's the link to your stats page? 
 Gears of War 3 is my most anticipated game of   via 
 Playing Prototype 2 all day long at work! Love my job! 
 CoD Elite Video! 
 Achieved a new personal record with  Farthest distance in a month  
  That's what you get for trusting MS with your data, lol ;)
 RT  Super Stickman Golf is still free? When will the insanity end?! You better get it soon b/c Im going to need grocery ...
 RT  Transformers: Dark of the Moon on June 29th, and Captain America: The First Avenger on July 22nd! Awesome!
 RT  Bike To Work Week 2011 | May 30 - June 3 |  | 
 Nothing like 2 Strongbow after the last basketball game of the season :)
 Hahahaha! 
 Hangover 2 with  :)
 Gears 3! 
 Drinking at work :) 
 RT  We got  to stop playing Super Stickman Golf long enough to write a first look at Amazon's Mac software store. ht ...
 RT  [RT CONTEST] Enter 2 WIN a $50 Earls GC just by retweeting this update! You can use ur GC while u watch the Stanley ...
 EA iPhone games on sale! 
 RT  i am now a dot com!   anyone looking for a ui artist?
 Go go EA! 
 Daft Punk rock cover! 
 rated 3-Way (The Golden Rule) [feat. Justin Timberlake & Lady Gaga] - Single by The Lonely Island 5 stars  
 RT  Creating a large piece of safety-critical ... code in C ... [is] equivalent of crossing an 8-lane freeway blindfolded. ...
  Very cool research.  Good find :)
 RT  amazing pixel art paper.... hq4x got nothing on this! - 
 Awe ya! 
  Check out this article! 
 RT  WTF?! Super Stickman Golf is  Someone screwed up & there will be hell to pay! You better not download it...th ...
  Happy BDay babe!
 Hahaha!  Best song on the Hangover 2 OST! 
 MW3! 
 RT  Nike+ GPS app free in the App Store now  [post]
  Sweet!
 Nike+ GPS App is now free! 
  Looks awesome. Wish I had gone!
 RT  Wants this dog:   
 Bought Infinity Blade on sale.  Now I just need a device that will play it, lol.  Future gaming ftw! :)
 Don't forget the Golden Rule (SNL Skit)! 
  Cool beans :)
  Haha, awesome. How did you get your ear to do that?
  What is that?
  I heard 6pm
 I'm still here. When does this whole thing start?
 RT  So what time zone does Jesus live in???
 Top NBA Plays of 2011! 
 RT  RIP Macho Man Randy Savage.
  Yep: 
 Sign of the world ending?  Diddy changed his name to "Swag"!
  Wow, nice!
 RT  Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
  Great success!  Hi 5!
 Finally got my Brink pre-order DLC code from Best Buy, only to be told to "Please enter a valid code" by Microsoft.  Awesome ...
  Well put :)
  What about the trees!? ;)  I love Rockstar's art :)
 Achieved a new personal record with  Farthest distance  
  Haha, fair enough.
  What about fat princess!? :)
  It's $150 though!  I'm tempted as well, lol
  That bad of a city?
 Achieved a new personal record with  Farthest distance  
 So apparently I donated $65 to the Rotary Club in Yellowknife ... Calling BMO now ...
 Happy Friday the 13th!
 A great way to end the week! 
 likes Cool Beans by B-Legit & Rod & Kevin on Ping  
  Good, good!  Phew ... You had me worried for a second ;)
  What about Prototype 2!? ;)
 Did anybody pre-order Brink from Best Buy?  If so, where are the DLC codes for it?
  Thank, I'll take a look when I get home today.
  I can't trade, but how do you unlock the pre-order gear?  I can't seem to find any Xbox codes ...  Thanks!
 I'm Reba! 
 likes Reba (Two Worlds Collide) [feat. Kenan Thompson] by The Lonely Island on Ping  
 Loving Brink!
 Microsoft bought Skype!  Is that why I had to patch a security flaw? 
 Bahaha! 
  Indeed, very ghetto.
  I'm at the airport :(. What's going on?
  Couldn't have said it any better myself :)
 RT  Thanks, mavericks, for making this Mother's day especially enjoyable by blowing out and sweeping the Lakers. I'll even  ...
 Best Mother's Day EVER!  The Lakers are gonna get swept! :)
 Michael Bolton is my new hero! 
 Digitized 2011 tomorrow :)
  Boo urns!  Sounds like someone had a case of the Wednesdays! ;)
  Haha, the same to you kind sir! :)
 RT  new beastie boys is out gogogogogogogogogogo!
 To the idiots I encountered this morning: 1) Please stay on the right side of the road, & 2) Don't run red lights.  Simple, right? :)
 Voted, and it took a whole 5min! :)
 Turtle Neck & Chain! 
  Haha!  Loving the song :)
 Enjoying a sunny day at Stanley Park! 
 Fast Five review: Hits every cliche in the book, but in the best way possible.  Great action, and a great summer movie.  Go see it!
 Fast Five!
 "Perform This Way" by Weird Al!  Sweet! 
 Achieved a new personal record with  Farthest distance in a week  
  Ah, gotcha.  Thanks for clearing that up :)
  Ouch!  Is this in Saskatoon?  I gotta head back there next Friday ...
 Larry! 
 Watching UBC Student Films at Granville 7 Cinemas
 Go Cap Go! 
 Any rendering programmers out there?  EA Burnaby is hiring.  Let me know if you're interested :)
 Want! 
 I should ask for a raise, lol: 
 What a game!  Too bad the Lakers won ;)
 RT  Are $1600 HDMI cables worth it? These reviews will enlighten you. HA! 
 RT  These guys remain my heroes: 
 Great PS3 Comic! 
  np :)
  Awesome man!  Congrats on all the success :)
  Have you read this article? 
  Ah, that makes MUCH more sense :)
 To run or not to run?  That is the question ...
  have the right?
  The internets sure has changed things! :)
 BEASTIE BOYS HOT SAUCE COMMITTEE PART TWO 
 Going for a hike today!  Heading to Minnekhada Regional Park! 
 Easter Long Weekend Hiking Recommendations | Vancouver Trails  via 
  Like :)
 Finished earth run in 24min. I THINK that put me in 3rd :)
 Happy Easter!  Earth run today! :-)
  Nice!  And, that version will work with your iPhone too (it's a universal app) :-)
 Flowers! 
 Checking out the new album from The Lonely Island. Turtleneck and Chain now on pre-sale.  via 
 RT   (Videos) Two New ‘Hangover 2′ Trailers! 
 Watching Beastie Boys Make Some Noise MSG  via 
  liking it so far?
 Star Wars: The Force Unleashed 1 & 2 (Xbox 360) for $45! 
  Thank you!  I couldn't agree more! :)
  Liking the game so far?
 Great afternoon! 
 Look ma, no snow! 
 Going for a walk by the beach! :)
 likes So What'cha Want by Beastie Boys on Ping  
 We got The Gold Trigon. We are so awesome. 
 We spied a curious-looking nestbox with an inscription that read "Tweet & ye shall be re-tweeted". 
 RT  The easiest way to stop your iPhone from tracking you is to switch to AT&T.
 Anyone still seeing Dead Space (iPhone version) for $6.99 in Canada?
 Electronic Arts - NBA JAM by EA SPORTS™ LITE -  
 RT  Prototype 2: Dev diary: Though Prototype 2 is set to release in 2012, the game from Radical Entertainment starts... http: ...
 Make that: 
  You jinxed it!  It rained today! :(
 ‎* * * * * S:S&S EP for iPad, iPhone & iPod Touch is live GO GO GO GO GO GO GO: 
  Heh -- good counter.  It hasn't rained here for over a week now :)  It's really trading one evil for another ...
  Looks nice!  I gotta ask though: Do you ever get tired of playing the same franchise over and over again?  Just curious :)
  Move west ;)
   Nice, and well priced!  I love seeing mobile devices used like this! :)
  Haha -- he's quite the character!
  Nice -- I'm ashamed that I missed the reference ... :(
 Just added a new song to my running playlist.  T-Minus 10min until my morning run :)
  I love being in the car with you when someone doesn't merge right, lol.  I miss those days ...
  I agree man!
  You ok man? ;)
 I can finally use my iPhone data plan again (was 50MB shy of my limit last month)!
  Unfortunate, but fair enough.
  Ouch, who's BDay?
    Sorry if I already replied. Looks promising. Too bad the power is < 360, but the Wii was also underpowered.
  I got one!  Did 25 matches today, lol :)
  Thanks!
  Thanks, and ya, making them is highly overrated, lol. I love doing both! :)
 I gots the Gears 3 beta!  Unproductivity begins now! 
  Wooo hooo!  Thanks! 
  I would've been if I had a code ;) 
  Nicely done man!
 GameTrailers.com's Review of Cap! 
 Captain America Visual Effects: 
