 Check this video out -- Lord's prayer-alvin slaughter  via 
 We are not in control of everyone nor everything. We can only change ourselves.  B present with who UR right NOW.  Be at peace with UR
 I am not who I say I am. I am not who others say I am. I am who GOD says I am. I do what God says I can do. Walk in UR true identity. (SON)
 We R empowered 2 change chaos 2 calm. Tune in 2 what is happening in your life. Face the choices one has made that contribute 2 the present.
 Take time to listen to yourself and others to better understand. People enjoy being listened to. Does your body language show that you care?
 It is wise to take  inventory of the people in your life.There R people who R there 4 a project not a life time. Friends are to  lift U up.
 It is imperative that we learn 2 take care of ourselves. Enjoy nature,do something U like, eat something you enjoy. Renew, Refresh, Restore.
 BE COMMITTED TO COMPLETING UNFINISHED BUSINESS. HAVE THE
 MERCY... The biblical meaning of "mercy" is 2 B spared or rescued from judgement, harm, danger or trouble. Repent and receive God's Mercy.
 Check this video out -- Great Is Your Mercy  via 
 Check this video out -- Total Praise  via 
 Lord God, Thank you...because you were tempted, you clearly understand our struggles...order our steps in UR Word dear Lord. Grant us peace.
 Lord, save us from being faint-hearted in prayer, teach us persistence & the ability 2 hold on, 2 press on and to learn to WAIT ON THE LORD.
 LORD, May our prayer each day open doors 4 the mighty work of the Holy Spirit. It is a privilege 4 each of us to call upon our Abba, Father.
 TITHING DEMONSTRATES THAT GOD IS FIRST IN YOUR LIFE. Partner with God. He promises blessings & protection.He destroys the work of the enemy.
 THAT'S GRACE! Although we didn't deserve it, God considered saving us "pure joy."GRACE is mentioned by Paul 3 times more than other writers.
 DO U WANT UR LIFE 2 COUNT?Saturate yourself in the Scriptures!
 "FOR NO MATTER HOW MANY PROMISES GOD HAS MADE, THEY ARE "YES" IN CHRIST. AND SO THROUGH HIM THE "AMEN" IS SPOKEN BY US TO THE GLORY OF GOD."
 "THOUGHT ATTACKS"Your thoughts have power to win over them, you must submit to Christ and control what you allow your mind to dwell on.
 WAITING ON THE LORD... (1) Search The word of GOD  (2) Seek the fellowship of GOD  (3) Surrender 2 will of God  (4) Sell out 2 glory of GOD
 YOUR ANXIETY IS CAUSED BY YOUR THOUGHTS AND SELF-TALK, NOT BY PEOPLE OR CIRCUMSTANCES.FACTOR GOD IN HE IS THE CHANGER OF HEARTS AND MINDS.
 THE PAIN YOU FEEL IS REAL. ADMIT IT AND ACTIVATE THE FEELING-DEALING HEALING PROCESS.YOU CAN'T HEAL WHAT YOU WON'T FEEL OR DEAL WITH.
 RT  Share your Easter sermons with our audience at .  Upload video and audio events instantly.
 RT  All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in righteousness... See 2  ...
 RT  What goes into a man's mouth does not make him ‘unclean,’ but what comes out of his mouth, that is what makes him uncl ...
 RT     Romans12:18 Do everything possible on your part to live in peace with everybody.
 RT     Romans12: 17 If someone has done you wrong, do not repay him with a wrong. Try to do what everyo ...
 RT  If u r willing to say Lord here I am, not just w/ your lips, but by living a life that's pleasing in the sight of God, t ...
 RT  "If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough" -Meister Eckhart"
 RT     Psalms 32:8 The Lord says, "I will teach you the way you should go; I will instruct you and advi ...
 RT     PROVERBS YOU MAY THINK THAT EVERYTHING YOU DO IS RIGHT< BUT REMEMBER THAT THE LORD JUDGES ...
 RT  Romans9:20 But who are you, my friend, to talk back to God? A clay pot does not ask the man who made it, "Why did y ...
 RT  Lord Thank You for never abandoning me no matter what happens
 RT   ... The right answer is Jesus.. DING DING DING! You win... ETERNAL LIFE WITH YOUR KING
 RT  RT  RT  ~~~L~O~V~E~~~~O~N~E~~~~A~N~O~T~H~E~R~~~~~~  .•*¨*•. ♥ .•*¨*•. •*¨*•. ♥ .•*¨*•.
 I plead with U 2 get  2 know God and 2 B at peace with God; 2 have your sins forgiven; 2 make certain heaven will be your home for eternity.
 Can U stand B4 God on judgement day and tell Him U didn't need THE SHED
 RT  The Seven Last Words of Christ for Holy Week: The First Word: The seven last “words” of Christ are, in actuality, .. ...
 RT  When we turn our lives over to Christ & take His name, we cease being Repub/Demo, conserva/liber, black/white. We are  ...
 RT  We are living in a time when we can either attack others in fear, or lead in a love revolution, denying hate's power.  ...
 RT  Every way of a man is right in his own eyes, but the Lord weighs the heart. Prov21:2 Examine my heart Father, help me  ...
 Woundedness is a result of the voices in your mind that causes you to be
 Most of  life's problems can be reduced to  two actions. First, we act without thinking...Second, we keep thinking without acting.
 WHAT YOU THINK, AND WHAT YOU FEEL, AND WHAT ACTUALLY MANIFESTS IS ALWAYS A MATCH- NO EXCEPTIONS.
 Listening to ur own heart demonstrates that the voices in ur mind that cause u to be held back r mostly the product of ur  faulty paradigms.
 Renewing ur minds with the truth of God's Word without healing ur broken
 Belief system determines ur paradigm,Ur paradigm controls how u
 RT  "Prayer changes things, Belief Gives us Hope, Hope gives us Faith, and Love NEVER Fails." -Alicia Hudson 
 RT  "Most of the problems in life r because of two reasons... First we act without thinking...! Secondly we keep thinking ...
 RT  What you think and what you feel and what actually manifests is ALWAYS a match - no exception  
 Jesus did not promise us peace would prevail.He assured us that there would B great conflicts until the end. God's peace not absence of war.
 Persistent, life giving prayer for others leads to the opportunity to care,
 God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, courage to 
 Bless the name of the Lord.He is worthy 2 be praised.Praise is a part of spiritual warfare.Praise Him!Praise Him!Lift up praise at all times
 Lord I want 2 know ur glory, I want 2 offer u a sacrifice of praise. Fill this
 RT  .......for the LORD your God goes with you; he will never leave you nor forsake you."
 RT  After that,we who are still alive and are left will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the 
 RT  The enemys' purpose- is to steal,kill,destroy, BUT God has come to give us life, and that we can have it more abundantly.
 RT  "And my God will supply every need of yours according to his riches in glory in Christ Jesus."  ...
 RT  "I rejoiced in the Lord greatly that now at length you have revived your concern for me. You were indeed concer… ht ...
 RT  When everything bowls you over...Jesus can pick you up! 
 RT  "Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need ...
 RT  "It's much easier to worry yourself into an ulcer or a stroke than it is to trust God." :: 
 RT  When I come to the end of my rope, God is there to take over. 
 RT  Commit to the LORD whatever you do, and your plans will 
 RT  He healeth the broken in heart, and bindeth up their wounds. Psalm 147:3 
 RT  He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. - Muhammad Ali, boxer 
 RT  The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention ~Oscar Wilde  RT    ...
 RT  "The problem with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than their minds." - W. Duranty
 RT  RT  Always give without remembering and always receive without forgetting. - Brian Tracy   ...
 RT  RT  Change is not difficult. It is the resistance to change that is difficult or painful 
 RT  “Sometimes you can't see yourself clearly until you see yourself through the eyes of others.” - Ellen DeGeneres  via ...
 RT  "We all,like sheep,have gone astray,each of us has turned to his own way; and the LORD has laid on him the iniquity ...
 RT  RT  Even as Christians, we sometimes do not agree. The final solution is: What Does The WORD Say?
 RT  "Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; it is also what it takes to sit down and listen." ~Winston Churchill
 RT  "If you worry about what might be, and wonder what might have been, You will ignore what is" ~unknown
 RT  RT  I cannot always choose what happens to me, but I can choose what happens in me. John Maxwell 
 RT  RT   Sometimes your only available transportation is a leap of faith. ~Margaret Shepherd
 RT  "A vision without action is an illusion. An action without vision is confusion!" ~ Willie Jollie
 RT  The EPA considers 60% of all herbicides, 90% of all fungicides and 30% of all insecticides carcinogenic
 RT  "If you're going through hell, keep going." - Winston Churchill
 RT  I'm getting followers on autopilot for free and you can too! kingdomtips
 Derrick Van Dyke is giving away his list-building software for free at 
 RT  You've tried it your way. Now try it again, HIS way. 
 RT  "I have held many things in my hands, and I have lost them all; but whatever I have placed in God's hands, that I still p ...
 RT  "Your Merry Christmas may depend on what others do for you ... but your Happy New Year depends on what you do for others. ...
 Pray for the souls of all who have died in Haiti and the loved ones left behind.
 Please pray for safety of Andy and Yvonne Slifks on a medical mission trip
 RT  Priority:  Give God permission to Guide your life.
 RT  Prayer & fasting isn't so we can get what we want but to align our life with God. And alignment leads to our assignment!
 RT  If God is your co-pilot, switch seats with Him!Author: Unknown
 RT  Do you think those who are facing hard times for the first time will now develop empathy for people who have always ha ...
 RT  “Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; the old has gone, the new has come!” 2 Corinthians 5:17
 RT  God sees your light when all that you can see are your shadows. God loves you more than anyone could ever love you as ...
 RT  Happy Saturday. Read Matthew 5:1-13. Remember that your attitude should be dictated by your devotion and not emotion. ...
 RT  Way too many believers are restricting their ability to prosper by holding onto to what they have.
 RT  There is life and death, blessing and cursing in the power of the tongue (Proverbs 18:21; James 3:10).
 RT  Be determined to walk in love no matter what. If nobody walks in love you be determined to do so because this is your ...
 RT  If you set your mind on the word of God like you set your clock to get up in the morning you will begin to see victor ...
 RT  Some people know more than they understand. Some grow older but fail to mature Keep living and you'll be surprise at  ...
 RT  Strength in the Lord is obtained as you recognize who you are in Christ. Be disciplined & prepare for spiritual battle.
 RT  Therefore wait till th Lord comes.He will bring 2 light what is hiddenIn darkness & will expose thMotives of men’s ...
 RT  Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it
 RT  Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. -Mother Teresa 
 RT  Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.  Doug Larson
 RT  The measure of the worth of our public activity for God is the private profound communion we have with Him.- Oswald Ch ...
 RT  It is no use walking anywhere to preach unless our walking is our preaching.Francis of Assisi
 Hear ye the Word of the Lord.Help His people.Heed His guidance.Hold on to
 Seek first the Kingdom of God. Set ur sight on Kingdom business.Settle
 Reflect on the goodness of the Lord. Renew your spiritual awareness.Resign to
 Rejoice, What an Artic Blast.This is a time to enjoy the warmth & reflect on the love,blessings & provisions of God. Unconditional Love. Joy
 RT  seems as if the price for holding a grudge is very, very high, according to scientific research.
 RT  It is illogical: unforgiveness brings pain and hurt of the past into the present and future. Why would we want that? I ...
 RT  I gave the devil an eviction notice long ago. Sign says, "No vacancy!" I'm filled up with the Holy Spirit. V-I-C-T-O ...
 RT  Grace is the most powerful, life-changing force in the world. God freely offers His unconditional love to whoever receiv ...
 RT  What spiritual gifts has God given you? Don't worry about those you don't have.B content with those God has given U, & us ...
 RT  Pursue God with passion. Overcome complacency&distractions that can cause U2cut back on how much U pray.Simplify UR life  ...
 RT  Whenever you encounter challenges, view them as opportunities to pray and discover more about God’s plans for you
 RT  Ask God to give you a passion for the people and situations that burn in His heart, so you can pray with passion 4 what m ...
 RT  We have different gifts, according to the grace given us. If a man's gift is prophesying, let him use it in proportion to ...
 RT  Many are the plans in a man's heart, but it is the LORD's purpose that prevails. Prov 19:21 Happy New Year 2010
 RT  Leave the broken, irreversible past in God's hands, and step out into the invincible future with Him. 
 RT  Never support an experience which does not have God as its Source and faith in God as its result. 
 RT  When you seek God's face,and not just His hand,you want the same things God wants,and it will be done according to His P ...
 RT  Trust in Lord with all your Heart n lean not upon ur own understanding,in all your ways acknowledge Him,n He shall direc ...
 RT  It's good to consider God's eternity in light of man's frailty.We are creatures of time, God is eternal.The eternity we fa ...
 RT  Christ was without sin,but for our sake God made him share our sin in order that in union with him we might share t ...
 Write encouraging letters to people that are down.
 Create a cheerful atmosphere in your home. It will be a place of refuge from
 Be willing to forgive. Someday, you may need to be forgiven.
 Have a teachable spirit. You will learn alot.
 Take time to enjoy God's creation.
 Family devotions build strong relationships.
 Take time to listen to someone else's problems. They may make yours seem
 Time spend talking to God is never wasted.
 Attend services at the church of your choice as often as possible.
 God doesn't do anything without a reason. Trust Him.
 It does not matter how long something takes- if it's God's plan, it will
 Be content with what you have until God blesses you with more.
 The only way some people will see God is through your life. Live it accordingly.
 Being a private in God's army is better than being a general for the devil.
 Even though God sometimes says "no" to our requests, it's for our own benefit.
 The reason God doesn't bless some people with more is that they don't invest wisely.
 Forget the past. You can't build a future by dwelling on history.
 God should be CEO of our lives, not just another board member.
 If God isn't alive in your life, your words will be dead information.
 Fill the shoes God gave you to wear. Trying to wear someone else's shoes is
 If you try to row your own boat, you may sink it. Let Jesus row it for you.
 Don't be intimidated byl what everyone else believes. Seek to know the truth
 Believe God's promises. They are without fault.
 Dig a spiritual ditch to retain some living water for the dry spells.
 Don't let the bad habits of others corrupt your good manners.
 Remember all good gifts are from God. They're just delivered by people.
 Use the gifts God has given you instead of dwelling on the ones He gave someone else.
 Don't carry grudges, they will never carry you.
 God doesn't want our spare time, He wants quality time with us.
 No matter what  your circumstance, God's power doesn't change.
 2010 the year of transformation. Happy New Year! Wishing for you and yours
 God has a plan for you. Seek to know it.
 The Lord wants companionship, so He listens when we talk to Him.
 We may not see what God has promised, but we must trust Him to perform it.
 God is only as active in our lives as we allow Him to be.
 Lighten your load before your ship is wrecked.
 Satan is the stress-maker, but Jesus is the stress-breaker.
 If you want more from your chruch, try putting more into it.
 Never let social status influence your relationship with God.
 God has given you gifts and abilities that only you can use.
 God places people in strategic places to carry out His plans. Where are you?
 Obey God's speed limit. Don't get ahead of Him.
 If you don't give up, God won't give up.
 Prayer is the Christian's most effective weapon.
 Don't speak rashly. Bitter words make a poor meal.
 When life gets the darkest, remember Jesus is the Light.
 Don't burn bridges, build them so others can cross.
 Make time for worship, its the oasis in your desert.
 Don't concentrate on your problems. Concentrate on Christ.
 Christians should grow and produce fruit, not get overripe on the vine.
 Don't just roll with the flow. The river may be flowing in the wrong direction.
 Live so God can recognize you as his son or daughter.
 People who  never get out of the boa can't expect to walk on water.
 Anything God gives you is worth holding on to.
 When you let go of God's hand, you are on your own.
 You can't turn over a new leaf if the tree is dead.
 God doesn't have accidents or make mistakes. He knows what He's doing.
 Happiness is an inside job that shows up in the outside.
 Everybody in God's army is a volunteer. We serve God out of Love.
 Prayer is preventive medicine for life's problems.
 You don't need a big storm to destroy you. A little wind or water in your life
 We need to get on God's schedule instead of trying to fit Him into ours.
 Keeping God first in your life should be your top priority.
 God accepts us as we are, but He would like to see some improvement along the
 God will not give us a job to do without qualifying and equipping us to do the work.
 God's plan will be fulfilled whether we're a part of it or not-but its' a wonderful
 If we plant the right kind of seeds, we'll harvest the right crop in our lives.
 If you want to be the salt of the earth, you have to be willing to be shaken out of the box.
 If you want to carry on a conversation with God, you must also be a willing
 God doesn't want to here excuses, He wants to see action.
 When the going gets tough, the wise go to Jesus.
 God never leaves us. We're the ones who move.
 It is not what we can do that counts, but what God can do through us.
