  Looks like you decided to do the right thing - glad - we've been with you for 15+ years. :)
  We're having a terrible customer service problem with your Riverside store. Could you ensure you honor your return commitments?
 CIO Insight says: March Madness: The Great Productivity Killer . I'm not so sure - people need interests outside work.
 My answer on Quora to: What is it like to always be the smartest person in the room? 
 Science news:  twisting radio waves a longer-term solution to mobile bandwidth bottlenecks?     
 Harmonizing my network across many platforms. ;)  This can be soooo hard, but definitely worth it.
 RT  What a night.  Just blew half the million bucks at the tables - made it rain in the hotel room though.  Sorry chari ...
  Agreed, and it would also be nice if pundits & scholars didn't understate the role of tech, as many do.  Organizers say it was key.
  re: how did it get to be 2 am." < your Twitter stream doesn't tell you?
 Asking some Very Serious People if they could please refrain from using their social authority to rule out certain lines of thinking.
  Curmudgeons can be proven wrong on the evidence rather than resorting to saying no one is saying what some reasonably are.
  Many ppl are making causal claims, and they're far from silly for doing so. You don't need to dismiss that pov to win the day.
  Love your post, but it's not a silly debate. It's perfectly legit to make causal claims for the internet and social media.
  VNC works on Mac if you have an iPad or something similar. Only solution I know to your issue. Sound filtering doesn't.
  Yes, but no reason to declare questions off limits,  gets as   gladwell and others do.
  I'd say it's perfectly legitimate to make causal claims of this kind. The "no one is saying" meme dismisses the thought too easily.
  keep reading. Are "driving force" and "propelled" causal? Why is it important to say no one is saying what some really are?
   re: "no one is saying..."   Are "driving force," "propelled," "catalyst" causal claims?
   re: "no one is saying..."    Fact check, please. I see "propelled," "driving force," "led"
  Re: new hire and other lists - how do people get on your lists?
  How about a soft keyboard - any chance you have a tablet? If so, try a VNC or RDP app - you won't hear a thing
 RT  Boy I type a lot and loudly, when we record  , any one have handy tips on how to filer it out?
  I love your writing, but you kinda prove the advice that messages written in anger should be held for a time before sending.
  Great post but the irony is too much to bear. Since you can't find anyone making simplistic claims: 
  And it wasn't SNCC, but lunch counters that started the sit-ins at Woolworths. Crediting people with bravery isn't a cliche.
  I C ur point. Should we also shift credit 4 Indian independence from Gandhi to salt, or end of segregation from MLK to buses?
   Any particular issue going straight to the sources quoted in the Telegraph article? Not how it's done any more?
    No, the person you cite omits the fact that Renesys doesn't know if internal blocking is occurring. Debunker debunked.
  But of course the source AOL HuffPost cites doesn't say what HuffPost says it says. Retraction on your part needed asap.
   confirms it's not true, even though the source they're citing doesn't confirm it. Meh.
  Thanks for the great lead to Pew - looks like a gap in research - you gave me something to pursue without even knowing it. Thanks!
  Ha! I still bear the scars - funny we talked to Ms. Whuffie b4 going down that path :(
  wikipedia knows all - kurtis walker, aka kurtis blow born August 9, 1959. I guess that's like 60 to some people ...
  re: the thank you economy, I had some interesting counter-experiences regarding thanks last year. You may remember... ;)
   For the people who were in country, it was brave to take a stand using any social media, or none at all.
  fascinating. Do you happen to know if popularity data  are available from other countries' point of view?
   Fact It wasn't - and isn't -safe to use Twitter & FB to protest in Egypt. Courage comes first, social media second
 RT  I can do this!  < Hey, I'm feeling good - 7 out of 10 isn't bad!
   Thanks for all the  tweets - they make all the difference for many who didn't or can't go
  RT Not sure I am enjoying rediscovering the "pleasures" of being sleep deprived while at  < happens to ppl following from afar.
  I noticed!  I went into read-only mode on both FB and Twitter, but returniing ... Different vibe on Facebook for sure ...
  Ah!  There is  tha!  Great to see you again!!!  :)
 RT  Social businesses do better.... ProjExec 
  re: "should have been here..."  Tell my management! ;)
  re: "Again on the positive, Connections Next is due this year and looks great .."  Glad to hear it, I was starting to worry!
  RE: "Gathering now  ambassadors to go out for dinner.." < To bad you didn't send micropayments info. I coulda bought a round!
  Re: "... build your own custom geolocation app in seconds w/ an iPhone" < Would love more  info if you get a chance... Enjoy 
 RT  So Sametime video will no longer be just between Sametime Connect client users 
  re: "How many?"  I don't know the answer, but it's a hard counting problem given geographic scope and non-traditional offices.
  What  do I like least about Lotusphere?  That I'm not there ... need even more live from attendees. :)
  Lots of folks following the event online won't be there  - could you say more?
 Clay Shirky in HBR on bad discourse as a design problem.  
 Returning to Twitter and Facebook after an extended absence due to family matters and privacy concerns. It's good to be back!
 RT  Obama's Health care reform = my excuse to move to Canada. < funniest  post I've seen. LOL!
 Well, that was brief! Justin Bieber back in the top ten trends - how long was that? Three hours? :0
   Why sad to see unfriending & unfollowing?  discussion exposes who people are. I don't respect intolerance
   just like Medicare, GOP will be accusing dems of trying to cut  before you know it. LOL!
 RT  The one & only thing I'll say about  now I can sleep at night knowing my wife will always have insurance despite her M ...
 RT  Wow. Just wow. Pigs flying.
 RT  Health care reform bill passes with 219 votes. 34 Dems dissent. The "party of no" enforces discipline, with no Republica ...
 RT  I think there's a decent chance a few Republicans' heads will explode tonight, Scanners style
 RT  hey, this hopey changey stuff is working pretty good! LOL!
 RT  Yes we can.
  think again.
  thanks, that's a wonderful post.
  yeah, I know - your tweet was one of the funniest I've ever seen. Thanks :)
  ooh, now I'm a little disturbed I went. What a great speech.
   well worth time - apocalyptic & hopeful, a spectacle, a rant, riddle. A poetry slam, a jeremiad, an epic joke.
 Bruce Sterling bs Seinfeld? Who can go longer talking about nothing?  best thing at  by far
 I'm going into an altered state listening to  and reading the Twitter stream
 Funny how easily people ally themselves with a position because they think it's progressive or activist. 
 Can someone please explain what a pre-digital nostalgist looks like, and how they are going to get past the echo chamber? 
 Sterling says, "how can you live in a Mexican border town and not be involved in drugs" < My many friends in Juarez aren't. 
 Somebody told me to change my status. :)
 RT  Somebody is looking for a date    < Lol! Married, not looking
 RT  Admire dude at mic asking an all-male panel about women comedy writers ... Is there a gender gap? Yes.  < thanks!
 RT   funny to hear the guy panel sputter while trying to address the gender gap in comedy <  I should have taped it! :(
 RT  My ... sketch about gender and comedy from  panel. That's Tina Fey in the skirt.   
 RT  My  sketch about gender & comedy from  panel. That's Tina Fey in the skirt.   (cont) 
 RT  111 new or significantly modified Java interfaces/classes delivered < sounds very cool
  and they collectively shrug and say it's not a problem. Letterman just hired his first woman writer ever. Problem solved!
   suggestion - how about showing the Twitter stream online
   I have a question on gender gap in comedy for the mic. Are we moving to the mic soon?
  Or  dies Jay have them so intimidated, they act happy when he's around? Appalling column.
  yes, tons of relevant stuff
  A door is an entryway to a closed space. A window is an opening that allows one to peer in. A field - now that's open. 
  I didn't endorse the title :)... Frontier seems fairly tame. Privacy seems to be a big issue for adding social features.
 Email: the next frontier. Interesting discussion on inbox. (really) 
 For decades, audiences have been suffering.  It's kinda refreshing to see people add to the total information by walking. 
 I think today's events give the lie the oft-repeated claim that face to face events are "better" than mediated communication. 
 A citizen joirnalist helpfully snapped this pic of me exiting the   
 RT  tweets. Still would like to see more constructive diplomacy though < privacy may be alive; diplomacy is dead
 Ah, the smell if oxygen! 
 And as they finish, the remaining stragglers give themselves a hand and walk, roll, or sprint for the door.  epic!
 75 percent empty now - this is inspiring proof of what Evan is saying. 
  it's marvelous proof that audiences have the power. They no longer have to stay and suffer. Last one left gets a prize.
 Official counter tells me more than half the audience has left. 
 What twitter hath wrought: i am so very proud of the audience in the Evan Williams interview.
 Maria ly doing backflips - literally. sxsw.com/interactive/accelerator
 Listening in on venture capital contest at 
  I'm hoping she'll make them stronger in the future. We need design points and industry standards or we won't make a big difference
  it's a fantastic talk - a wonderful explanation of the problems. Most of what I said, though, was a critique of the recommendations
 Re:  at  recommendations for social media are unworkable & will not afford privacy, though they might reduce privacy flames
 Re:  at  persuading people to avoid the privacy violation of making information more public is not an activist position
 Re:  at  industry standards & affordances of agency after info is in the wild would be activist, t&c's and negotiation, not.
 Re:  at  given api's and feeds, opt-in & negotiation assume foreknowledge & ability to fix after info goes into the wild
 Re:  speech at  opt-in and negotiating implications of policies, features, and changes != agency; it's small c control
 Re  speech at  Coretta Scott King once told me avoidance of harm is good, but it is not activism. Same for privacy protection
 Re:  speech at  avoiding "making more public" is a shallow form of control, is not a solution, as it does not afford agency.
 I loved Dana Boyd's presentation, but the idea that privacy is about control goes not nearly far enough. Privacy is about agency. 
 At sxsw trade show. Gratifying to see all the privacy work, with danah boyd's talk on that topic coming up.
 Just to be clear, I think Cliff's book is great, Whitney may have been right, and  is awesome. Funny and ironic story. 
 Cliff's presentation is great, but he just caused an uptick in the  as  meme. :0 
 Listening to Cliff Atkinson on how backchannels like Twiiter are changing the nature of presentations, meetings, and the like. 
  how would those figures on breached PI be quantified?
 Note to self: negative results are a valid outcome of experimentation - I'm tracking what I'm getting done vs. what I'm working. :0
  Those aren't mutually exclusive. :0
 Starting an experimental time log of my activities - what do I get done, rather than what I work on.
  Thanks for the Analyst Twitter Directory - a tremendous help!  
  Do most people even have enemies these days? Agree on the knowing who your true friends are :)
 Just started following industry and tech analysts on twitter - lots of really good stuff  < $2000 per report. :)
  interesting - my wife and I are reading pride and prejudice.  Hadn't heard of the one you mention - does it predate Austen's book? :0
  Would public or real time data be examples? Thanks :)
  I'm curious, could you give examples of "infrastructure supporting social science research?" I'm wondering if I'm trying similar
 Outlining my AAA 2009 paper on visual ethics and IT architecture. A fusion of anthropology, ethics, and techno-practice. :)
 Finding new media social scientists to follow on Twitter - looking forward to what they have to say. :)   (I think!)   :0
  Curious - what is the Harvard-wide social science advisory committee? On what kinds of topics does it advise? To what impact? :)
  Sorry I used the word list twice within the span of three posts - not sure which you're referring to - and can't find reply id
  Um, I'm not sure how to reply to that. :)
  Do you publish your segmentations in Friendfeed? People might want to try to compete to get on your list - publish and they will
 Spending time finding various forms of It folks, mainly architects - enterprise, data, information, infrastructure. Who knew?
 More study of social networking in enterprise context. Current friending and following models useful, but incomplete. :)
  Happy birthday! Belated, I guess?
  It's interesting how the predictions have changed over time - whittle down to the untestable opinions of a few.
 Thrilled to be more anthropologists and other social science types on Twitter, thanks to  's colnnections. :)
  English teachers n other grammarians r among da most frequent violators of linguistic laws. Dey r anti-evolutionists. :)
 Evaluating TOGAF 9 - The Open Group Architecture Framework, Version 9. Tons o' fun! :0 
  Of course, twitter folks often aren't social capitalists either - else we would see different follower behavior.
 I found a whole bunch of IT Architects on twitter, but they don't nearly as often as marketing types. A good thing? :)
  Cool - glad to follow you. Interesting tweet stream. :)  Please feel free to follow back if you wish.
  Eric, no I missed the recent Twitter interview you reference about app architecture and performance - do you have a link?
  Very good to meet you - curious what kind of work you do for IBM?   I work on collaboration architecture.
  The standard story I hear all the time. I'm all in favor of IT Architect certification, though I understand it's time-consuming.
  On the follow, sure. I learn from building architects as well - it's a more mature profession. :)
 Finding IT Architects on Twitter - many more than a few months ago. :)
  Lunch! especially on weekends - people often less pressed for time - especially if booked for an extended period.
 Looking at follower patterns as compared to exhanges of  messages in twitter. Interesting stuff!
 Rest in peace Bud Shrake, an extraordinary Texas writer and master for many wordsmith apprentices.
 Time magazine Top 5 Don'ts for Swine Flu: Hmm... double negatives??? "Don't rush to E.R."; "Don't Panic..." 
  On kthxbai, if that was me, it's 'cuz I had an exec update to do. :)
 Just finished The Lost City of Z, by David Grann. And extraordinary read. (P.S.; I love my Kindle) 
  Amazing, yes, but I'm not surprised. The challenge is going great, even though I can't share posts behind the firewall.
 Just learned my two alma maters - George Mason and Texas, finished second and third in forensics (public speaking) national championships!
 Interesting that people who have no experience in content analysis so often feel they are qualified to choose among options.
 I just completed the first day of  Darren Rowse's 31 Days to Build a Better Blog Chellenge. So far, so good!  :)
 PLEASE RT For the first time in a very long time I am *ASHAMED* of Austin, Texas. Here's why:    (fixed URL)
 PLEASE RT  For the first time in a very long time I am *ASHAMED* of Austin, Texas. Here's why:  
  Amazingly, I had never heard of Wooly Willy until now. Deprived childhood, I guess... Hmm... wooly Willy or Roku?
 Trying to think of a gadget I want for my birthday, two days from now. Coming up empty. The end of my techo-lust?
 From Lincoln, I turn to US Capitol, the site of Barack Obama's inauguration. Turn to the left and see the White House, where Obama resides.
 At Wahington monument, gazing at Jefferson Memorial. Two slave owners; Jefferson enslaved his descndants. I turn to see Lincoln Memorial...
 At the George Mason University 40th forensics team reunion. Legendary coaches, amazing teams, a treasury of memories.
 Headed to George Mason Univesity forensics reunion - that's public speaking to most people. :)
 My favorite bloggers on economic crisis, Simon Johnson and James Kwak, have joined twitter. Follow 
 Discussing relative absence of spam in enterprise social media as distinct from public internet. Interesting differences.
  I find form factor to be quite good - books in my pocket, very easy to read.
 Really enjoying Kindle for iPhone. Reading Nassim Taleb's black swan now.
 Reading gratitude journals. If you don't have one, it's not too late to start. You'll be glad you did.
  thanks for posting laozi, I've long meant to return to that.
  havevyou thought about having  on days other than Wednesday. This far, I'm unable to make it. :(
 Checking out timespeople on nytimes.com
  Yes, I've read that, and all of the authors mentioned. Curious how that supports the phrasing "most social systems."
  What evidence exists that most social systems are power laws?
  Why do you say social networks are really directed graphs? Thanks.
 Austin Starving Artist sale ads: "no paintings over $59." Hmm... Except "unadvertised special" priced at 99 bucks. 
 Analyzing Obama's speech - really enjoyed it.
  B.L Ochman has always been really, really insightful, and tons of fun to hear in person. Thanks for the heads up!
  less since I started unfollowing people who post a lot about  of followers
  nice links, but on the second, itnis far from clear that intelligence is hardwired.
  It's unclear whether sm discussions are shorter than traditional news. People tend to overestimate how long news stories persist.
  Sorry, Vindictive Poo Flinging is already trademarked. They're playing SXSW in a few weeks. ;)
  usually not a good thing to say on public internet, unless you're dropping the class. I know several students discovered similarly
   How would anyone know MIT course is first exclusively focused on how mobile phones r used 4 social action? Skeptical.
 Good morning, friends - taking another run at staying involved with social media and doing hands-on work during the day. Wish me luck!
 Watching Harry Shearer on MSNBC's Countdown. 20 years ago he called me a Nazi in LA Mag for asking for his ID at Democratic convention. LOL!
  how about just posting what's irresolvable? (would hate to see you suffer) ;)
  Has anyone you know of done a comparison of TOS's across social media sites? Than ks
 If It Doesn't Spread, It's Dead:H.Jenkins et al on media & society. Starts w/lucid discussion(!) of memes.  (via 
  Thanks, that's a thoughtful, impressively written piece. I tend to think of practice as norm rather than exception.  Must read again
 Formal business processes must address ad hoc collaboration in order be effective. Am I right or am I wrong, and why?
  you know you don't have to wait for a big, round number to say something profound ... :).   (you've proven this already I think)
  So it's not a case, it's many cases, some of "yes, and..." others of "either/or" :)
  The sheer number of hours some tweeple put in suggests to some a conflict with social life outside twitter, blogging, etc..
  Right, but it's not "social media," is it? Interesting experiment, btw!
  I'm surprised;  would think if you weren't looking to debate a dead horse, you wouldn't say things like that. :) Enjoy debating.
  How about actually talk about the book or movie with someone, preferably a loved one?
  Maybe because some in social media are focused on Obama, even to the point of saying Obama folks don't understand social media?
 Checking out tweetgrid.com for twitter search filters. Are there any alternatives I should consider?
  because it's 359.00, and I'd rather spend on wiring villages. Hope you enjoy the kindle though :)
  certainly room for differing opinions here, but I wouldn't call it sensationalizing home improvement or an irresponsible POV
  Every realtor in the country didn't push house-flipping as a lifestyle like hgtv did. Every realtor not top 25. Solid journalism.
  so hgtv didn't glamorize house flipping or misreport profit potential? How many flip shows did they have at peak?
  oh, no Austin, couldn't stay though. Still dealing with an Achilles injury and some drunk guy stepped on my foot. :O
  I heard the same thing. Funny thing is, even famous people shouldn't use the don't-you-know-who-I-am line...
 The power of charts: Just went through a much-needed reorganIzation - hard to get people to act until they see where they are in big picture
 TODAY IS EMERGENCY CHRISTMAS DAY - don't forget your shopping!  (per John Hodman on Daily Show) please retweet - we need our own stimulus
 Happy 100th Birthday to NAACP; what a profound impact on American history,  culture, and well-being.
  on the subject of fights, WHERE'S MY THANKS AWARD??? :)
  the clutter isn't the worst part - the fake follower ponzi scheme is
  could you explain why this is a good thing, why it's worth retweeting, and why this preserves the notion of following? Thanks
  LOL! If Culberson doesn't know what's in the bill, and would be voting blind, maybe it's time for him to retire.
  or those lists are flawed. No need to over-promote in response to a flawed method for determining an even more flawed measure :)
  I'm more concerned about the effects of Ponzi schemes on how communication happens. The clutter is small impact relative to that
  I think every tweet has a unique id; that's how some clients manage threading
  and saving many employees on taxes
  hmm... I'm not sure why people are generalizing about reporters from this. Why do they need to read this? Not following ur point
  ponzi comes to Twitter - jay what we need.
  sure, I'm interested in outliers though. Different strokes for different folks... Encourage you to ask them ;)
  I agree on potential value for enterprise and employees. But I don't quite know how to merge Corp and personal brand
  amazingly, I am not a Mac... Although an iPhone lover, for now
  seems to me the internal community is the same group of people youvfind here, mostly. Am I wrong?
  quarter-size hail here
  I'd be very interested to see what you find, if you ask a few people why they do that.
  Fascinating. How does brand cohesion fit with notion of individual identity? Is there a way to have both in branding sense?
  To me, a monolithic brand image 4 optional services like twitter seems less trustworthy, less authentic.
  great replies, but I don't believe most of those people are tweeting "for" Microsoft, any more than IBMers tweet "for" IBM.
  because authenticity on twitter is close to mandatory, while marketing find your company is not?
  maybe they're not on twitter to get customers - ya think?
  I've made many "real world" friends from social media. That whole distinction doesn't make much sense to me.
  what is avatar cohesion, and why is not having it a total FAIL? (I'm generally opposed to using the FAIL tag, btw)
  yeah it really is time to do something about the time zone preferences...
  it says go where the people are; I also second robi's answer
 Oof! Apparently I offended a colleage with my debate tactics. Not my intent, because I think he's brilliant. For me, arguing is a compliment
  wow! Well it's great to have you in CIO, hope to talk with you soon
  good question. sometimes I find myself counting the characters in sentences I say, to see if they're under 140 characters. :)
  losing on the comms side? Don't think so. They've been occupied with transition and policy. FB army can act on it's own.
 I can't even imagine what people without access to good health care would do with same injury I have - never walk again?
  you are the change... Why are you asking for orders from obama's people when you know what to do and you don't need permission?
 One thing I love about posting my work online: my colleagues tell me when my assumptions need work. Always new points of view to consider
 Is twitter displacing the rest of your life? A Guide to Living with Twitter - first draft. Please RT and comment. 
  any advice for how to get up to speed on social media biz trends in China? Thanks!
 I was just taped to a chair and forced to watch Antitrust, starring Ryan Phillippe. Remember, the Tim Robbins character is NOT Bill Gates :)
  if I were prone to feekings of annoyance, I would find that headline annoying. Definitely not intriguing.
 One of my job duties is to help people align their self-interest with mutual interest. It's always fun when that works out.
  cool, that sounds like a great idea.
 I  emojis. They are very cool. 
  sorry, it's living in Texas that makes us happy - can't crop-dust that. Come back soon though, and thanks for kind words about TX..
   to read tweets in reverse, use the "since" and "until" search operators to go day by day and read from bottom up
  hmm... Do you actually see any comments on that blog?
  cool, the app I used for that diagram is called lesschart. 99 cents!
  ping me sometime if you'd like to talk. Quite a few anthropologists here; I wish there were more :)
  sorree for delay in replying - I don't know yet; I found out about the conf too late to submit a paper. Next year I hope
 My physical therapy exercise plan, composed on iPhone while doing leg presses. I live touchscreen diagramming. ;)  
 Discussing dfferences between workplaces and workspaces, and the contested nature of who has control over each.
 Starting a paper on factors affecting quality of human-search engine interactions. Search is our hub, and it often hides us from each other.
 I wrote a gratitude journal for each day in January; it was a wonderful experience. I highly recommend it, especially in these trying times.
  Hey, man, great to see you on twitter and elsewhere!  Hope things are going well - looks like you're busy!
 Just ran up against the max iphone app limit - good thing  blogged about it on nmc.org  Don't go over 148 apps!
 test message URL:  I'm testing out posting voice from iPhone.
   looking at URL structure of DM's, it should be easy to search DM's using commodity tools. No need for twittertool
  tweetdeck will filter dm's if you have them saved
  although you're wrong about Obama crew and social media :)
  you're fun to debate - interesting things and I learn from give n take. I never saw change in response to what's said, though
 Noodling a little on how speech acts perspective can inform social media work, and maybe vice-versa.  (e.g.; friending) 
 Working on architectures for user and community advocacy. Some good open internet models - but what about Enterprise 2.0?
 I will not click on links to Bacon Explosion.   I will not click on links to Bacon Explosion.  I will not click on links to Bacon Explosion!
  I'm digging Obama Ave's."hoping for some kind of utopia," not a bad thing, Don't think that's why name changes are happening.
 Going to throw a party-  just followed by  (a bit of a joke there).  Hey  don't unfollow - need your thoughts later.
 Jeff Widman of TechCrunch IT reports promising news about IBM  work - discovering relevant people. 
  in the panopticon, aren't prisoners always already aware of their being watched? (to mix Foucault and, um, Baudrillard I think)
  how can one party obligate another unilaterally? Interesting. Details, please!
  way! Hope u don't mind my saying, I get much more from reading Foucault comics than from reading Foucault himself. U know those?
  in times like these, my feeling us appropriateness of applying more than once goes out the window
  on google gobbling up search growth, I didn't realize google had job search, the theme of the last year!
  is there an expiration date on that funnel cake deal? Texas State Fair isn't until October, but for a million bucks, I'll wait
  hook 'em! I grew up on East Coast, got to Texas as fast as I could... UT is a great school.
  the hardest decisions are often those that matter least, because there is so little difference between the options
  on keeping personal email, what say you to people who work in jobs with little personal contact outside their company or job?
  On moral problems, you can always decide to let someone you really trust choose for you.i.
  I have a life coach; getting coaching one of best choices in my life. She sees my bs, and life's better when I'm called on it.
  tweeting is a different speech act than texting, thus people use different terms even though doing the same physical act.
  independence Day, by Melanie, I think. A UK hit and in the movie Bend It Like Beckham
  is your syllabus available onlyne? Couldn't find it ;)
  no, it's entirely appropriate and shows persistence :)
  it's also probably interesting to have "a" native land, as opposed to many... I'm not even sure about all family legends :)
  I will do my best; Wednesdays turn out to be my busiest days. May also ask for some help :)
 Wednesday is  day. Details and requests at  Share your input and expertise w/others. Pls RT (via 
  keep track of the remote control?
  yeah we need an automated uhn and uh remover... ;)
  I think self-deprecating is great, but I suck at it!
  Cool, thanks for the insight.
   that's cool - a dig on those grounds probably wouldn't be unjustified ... :)
 Hoping my translation for Happy New Year in Mandarin was right!  I've forgotten too much to know ... :)
 新年快乐！
  thanks, you're very kind. The avatar's inspired by a YouTube video boomlet.
  Hmm. You make me think. I think I've seen similar content/context on other low-end brands. Do u think it might be a tactic?
  I agree, as the parent of tropical-looking kids, I found it questionable. But I suppose it might get attention.
  I missed the Israeli one in the stream, so Publix. Maybe applies to both?
  I'm just having fun with guru-speak. One asked me that question once.
  I think it's more clever - it's diceily contextual. From what standpoint does one critique? It made you look, didn't it?
  Relax, breathe, focus on your Connectedness to the Universe. Is your annoyance about others' words or about your place in world?
   was that one dig or several against social science types with Ph.D.'s in post on organic vs. inorganic communities?
  never underestimate the power of difference - or of fetishes. I just took a look, for the firmer reason.
  plenty of people just stay. I know a few who never caught that flight back home.
  yes, it does - it also helps to be really good at it. :)
  you can tell the real deals from the scams based on originating email domain. ;)
  really enjoyed your post - lifehacker's been a real boon to my life - now I know why
  quick FYI, that's $250 Million with an M, not $250 Billion with a be. It happens to the best of us, as in this case. :)
  AS AN AMERICAN OF DUTCH ANCESTRY, I RESEMBLE THAT STATEMENT!
  your reach comments are typical of marketing, where I'm sorry but people often don't get hoe algorithms work in open systems
  nope, reach + probability = growth. By the way, how many facebook ads woukd youcsay have you clicked on, ever?
  btw check out the way facebook does ads, you'll see it's not all in facebook control.  Anyway your assumptions need some work.
  right so I'm making a related point, and a really good one. Btw, improving precision without sacrificing reach is really hard.
  that's true, and that's a good thing up to a point. They're not spamming people exactly, and people are still there & clicking
  suppose facebook could limit itself to running only ads with 100 % certainty. Would they make more $$$, or less? Answer: less.
  I agree. That doesn't make certainty a good thing. Certainty is an upper limit - bad for facebook, for advertisers, & for you.
  IMO, it follows that probability is a growth strategy; certainty is not. Consider that spammers make $$$ on low probabilities
  advertising uses probabality not certainty. Tradeoff between probability and reach means certainty as criterion is undesirable
  just putting the perspective out there; thought it  interesting. See earlier quotation - best way to predict future is to invent it
  Also think the larger impacts and roi props are easier to measure, because outside the usual range of variability.
  I think it requires careful modeling relative to context, where too is only part of output measured.
  talking, Obama if I get 2 ask questions. Singing, Beyonce if I can make requests. Playing, Jake Shimabukuro, strawberry fields
  my guess is user != visitor.
  historically, the only really successful version  biz model i know of for interesting conversations  is geishas, and that's way down
 10 tech things that won't survive a recession  (via 
  thanks for replies. I agree with each, but seized on idea that in roi, higest return had least predictability. Don't know if it's true
 "The best way to predict the future is to invent it." - Alan Kay.    (I love great quotations)
 Designing pie-splitting
  good to know - now I just a photography mentor... And to save up for the right camera. I wouldn't know.
  thanks for the referral to addictomatic. That's what I was after - by what magic you perform these strange and wonderful feats. :)
  thanks, man! It is my first thanks award of the year...:)
  I offer my sincere apologies for thinking that exchange with  was funny. Meme, anyone? Sorree to  too... ;)
  at least several people on twitter have said they plan to write that book.
  why would the highest return have the least predictability?
  just kidding of course. Curious though - have the many critiques of bottled water had an impact?
  But tap water doesn't have vitamins!!?!?!
  curious, do you know about all these publications using your photos in advance? If not, how do you find out?
  people can post the same number if tweets and schedule them, a la tweetlater. Have to entrust them with twiiter password.
 We should start an economic-recovery shopping day. (via 
  Nice reply to the very rude post. I have to admit, I couldn't believe your volume of updates at first, but they're informative
  Me too.  I thought we were veering toward unhealthy there. I have great respect for you.  Rebut you later. :)
  Honestly enjoy your blog and tweets, but the CNN WTF is something I couldn't let pass without rebuttal, same for blog post today
  No, I didn't say that. The people who know me recognize me by bbbozzz. Not all of my followers know me. Ur free to follow or not.
  Yes, you may suggest! Wording on profile form says, "Enter your real name, so people you know can recognize you." But they do.
  Sorry, honestly I can't parse that sentence, so can't assess your assumption since I don't understand it.
  Your views aren't pertinent to the article- it's quoting people about how Obama changes ways blacks are depicted by media.
  No, quite honestly, I don't, since the article isn't talking the reception of media, but about media content. Get it?
  Who said you're saying anything about blacks? The topic is whether the opinions in the article are newsworthy. They are.
  Changes in media portrayal of ~40 M blacks will get news coverage. When you say not newsworthy, that will strike nerves. Good eve
  Well, since CNN isn't saying that pathology applies to you, I don't get your WTF. I say WTF back. I object to the censorious tone
  I'm surprised you seem to think that article's talking about you. It's not. It's talking about how media portray blacks. Closure?
  Yeah, they're not saying they're your pathologies. CNN's talking about how media portray blacks. Obama changes that; Newsworthy.
  says "I don’t think the Obama team understands social media."  I reply. Jump in, people! Interesting discussion
  Unless you are a veteran producer of media that stereotype blacks, CNN's not talking about you. Your invention, not their words.
  Again, your choice. I don't know what pathologies you are referring to - imo it's not a pathology to report on a culture change.
  It's your choice; I think it's worth it, given the long cultural lineage of stories about blacks not being considered newsworthy.
  Somehow it's naive / not newsworthy for CNN to cover?  I think there's room in news to note many people celebrate this change.
  Obama's inauguration portends a permanent shift in the cultural representation of 40 M Americans. No, I don't get your point.
 Obama reverses Bush course, breathes new life into Freedom of Information Act with a "presumption in favor of disclosure". (via 
  dude maybe next year some of the folks at lotusphere could get on a schedule? Yes, your and others' updates have been great 
  suggest you turn off the radio, change station, or get earplugs. Violence seems a bit excessive :)
  No, the cultural aspect has been obvious since around February last year. To me, it's a newsworthy culture change
  and in his time in the limelight, Obama has changed that, perhaps irrevocably
  as the parent of biracial daughters descended from slaves and dlave owners, it bothers me that TV stereotypes 1/2 their heritage.
  no, that CNN article says blacks on TV are stereotyped. That's true. It's also true that the Obama Presidency changes that.
  replied on the post; please consider the critique with an open mind. I generally really like your work, but not this.
  what's naive about that CNN article, and why do you believe it reflects on America generally? Please explain.
  The rss from the blog is out there now - one entry thus far. It's just buried in a link.
 In a meeting about meeting technology and effectiveness.  Seems to be going very well! :)
  Alas, I find it easy to over-commit. So for me, knowing when to promise and when not to is important.
  yep, me too, but once ideas are well understood and it's time for doing, being efficient can be good - I'm often far from that
  I also use advanced search, and a little of the group and filtering features in tweetdeck. Part of fun of twitter is it's a mess :)
  Hi Anu, I use tweetdeck on laptop, and tweetie on iPhone :) Stay organized? I send probably 90 percent  replied - easy to find
  Thanks for asking! So the hand is an animated gif. DM me if you want my email - I'll tell you a bit more if you like. :)
  yep, I'm impressed with all Obama's forms of intelligence, moreso by his ability to make people think.
  Wow, I love that link. I've been doing some ho'oponopono recently, without knowing it.  It helps to have the word. :)
  thanks for reminding me!  it's hard work, haha - taking some time :) I think I need a more efficient way of doing things
  I suspect that Obama struck on the need for hard work will cure any short-term after party blues :)  thrilling day, wasn't it?
  No after-party blues for me - I'm going to wake up rededicating myself to do my part for the economy and opporunity :)
 Houston's own Beyonce Knowles just almost blew the roof off the National Neighborhood Ball with her version on "At Last." Perfectly amazing
  LOL!  just curious, because he hit on my wife once - and I was STANDING THERE! Thought she was gonna slap him
  all of those and more. At balls tonight, some Hawaiian music. What is most important is Obama will bring Aloha.
  wow, sorry I missed that blitzer, jones, o'brien moment. You're not joking? Must see if I have on Tivo!
 Just joined http:/whitehouse.gov - transparency in government. Now time to get back to work ;)
 TWELVE HOURS TO GO!  YES WE CAN!  YES WE CAN!  
 Checking out tweetlater. Interesting integration possibilities.
 "Nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity." - MLK Jr., Spring 1963 (via 
 "Wow, quote Martin Luther King Jr, and loose 14 followers!  I guess a conservative isn't supposed to agree" (via  Interesting
  depends how you count; I'd guess 200
  thanks, you just made me spend another 99 cents in App Store ;)
  Shame on the Internet for celebrating, I guesss?
  Wow, love that Common - I Have a Dream video. Thanks! Common has uncommon skills. 
  I've always thought you don't have to live in a country to celebrate its most special days. People round the world celebrate MLK 
 My Dad worked to make MLK Day real, led the first desegregated teachers' union, worked in Civil Rights for decades.. Happy right now. 
  Indeed it is a very special MLK day - my fav of all of them.. Especially wonderful to read and share w/ people like you.
  what a lovely post! During hs and college, I worked  King Center w/ Coretta Scott King. Your post brought tears to my eyes
 Beyond the "I have a dream" speech: Martin Luther King on leadership, creativity and purpose:  (via 
  Cool thanks for link to Lotus bloggers!   Would you consider using  tag, or a reason not to?
  Why would  "experiment" prove  of followers is completely unimportant? Yes, interesting, but so are other urban myths.
  Stuart, is there a handy link for the  bloggers?
