 I'm curious about the 2 minutes today during which Fitbit tagged me as "very active." Was my soda clear on the other side of the couch?
 My first day with a Fitbit! So far I think it's giving me waaaay too much credit. Anyone else have one?
 Whenever I'm stuck waiting for a train to pass I remember trains still exist and I'm like "Oh yeah. Weird."
  where exactly is it in Gasworks Park? 
 But at least we won the drug war!! RT  One in nine black men between 20 and 34 are behind bars in the US 
  I know!!! Weird, right?
   is your  trailblazer!!
   is your  Stylist!!
   is your  Writer!!
   is your  Designer! 
  presentation by nevosoft at casual connect seattle
 How is there not a Via Tribunali on the Eastside? Finally getting my taste back after this cold & ALL I WANT is a salami calzone.
 I was born in stage 7!  RT  My  "Stages of Grief over Seattle's Summer 2011"  I'm at stage 7, where are you?
 Thanks  for helping me help my boyfriend get across the  this evening!
  good luck, crazypants!
 2legit2quit! ;) RT  Hey  I nominate  as your  socialite! - Palma, she's legit!
  I know! Gaming, especially social gaming, is apparently huge in Russia.
 Hey  I nominate  as your  socialite! Please RT!
 40M active online gamers in Russia. More than Germany, France or Brazil. Hm. 
 Habbo just talked about how impossible it is to enter China's market. Now Russia is here to convince us to sell there instead 
  I cannot believe you met with  and I wasn't invited! I thought we were all BFF now! ;)
 THANKS!! RT  Want to know who to nominate for   Here are a few ideas! 
  Let me know how I can help! I'm so tired of everything being in Belltown/Cap Hill.
  Are you jogging to a suicide?
          Thank you thank you! I ::heart:: u guys.
         THANK YOU 4 the  nom! You rock!
 Jamming cell signals is a good thing when Benaroya Hall is being used for the symphony, less so for a conference calles Casual Connect.
 I am!! RT  I think all  &  events should be held on the Eastside! Who's with me!
 Hey  I nominate  in the Socialite category.  Please RT!
 LOVE. RT  American Girls Sweep Google’s First Science Fair - 
  are u at cc? Is there a press lounge?
 Um, nominate me for socialite, guys. Now. RT  we need some Socialite nominees for   
  hahahaha i am here. Third row to your right
  look behind you :)
 Yo! Downtown Seattle! I've got one word for ya: VALET.
 RIP Borders. You were always so good to me.  
  I say    all the way!!! 
 Hey  I nominate  as your  blogger!
 FASCINATING. I just discovered an entire blog for white women learning how to care for black adopted daughters' hair. 
  Unfotch, it competes with Casual Connect and my dad being in town, so I have to pass.
 I just terrified half of Amazon trying to parallel park  Hummer in SLU. I did it though!
  awesome! I'll be there reppin'  See u there!
  Great, thanks! Will you be back in time for Casual Connect?
 Ever add someone to your contact favorites bc you have to call them a lot but then shiver at the thought of considering them a "favorite"?
  Is the FC basement packed these days or could I come work there today? PS I'm rocking out to Spotify RIGHT NOW.
 RT  3 girls busted for illegal lemonade stand - US news - Weird news - msnbc.com  via 
  I believe you're thinking of "let me google that for you"
  Oh I will. I'm sitting down tonight to read the manual cover to cover.
  end of August!!!
 Got my first DSLR camera today! Nikon D5100. SO FREAKIN' EXCITED. I've wanted one for years.  you gonna teach me to use it?
  Actually that might be puss.
 Can I just say that thank God that  exists? Much love, lady.
  vodka chaser will do the trick :)
  Well maybe we can try to cross paths at some point. I love meeting other gossip blogger IRL!
 LOVE this piece. RT  Why I sold my startup - this time, all the answers. 
  Ooooh are you going to be at  I'll be there too! Would be awesome to meet in person!
 RT  n-queens  via  resonates in so many ways. great post. thanks 
  thanks! That means a lot.
 So excited to cover the Casual Connect conf next week for  Still debating story ideas ... pitch me if you want coverage! 
  If you had it to do over again, knowing what you know now, who would you have formed an alliance with? 
  Who in the house do you think is most likely to make a new love connection? 
 I can't believe no one owned stepmommyblogger.com. BOUGHT IT.
  THANK YOU! I like that piece and it means a lot to me. So glad people liked it.
 Any  companies want to be represented at   has a booth & is looking for partners for awesome swag & prizes!
 Ugh, if you have the words "PR friendly" or "brand partner" in your TWITTER BIO, I want neither to interview nor partner with you.
  WOOT WOOT! I'm a total  addict.
 RT  I need Big Brother fans in Seattle! Anyone want to participate in a usability study tomorrow? 
 RT  Fab blog post this morning,  Way to start the day! n-queens  via 
 RT  n-queens  via   << a love story about computers. Well done Sasha.
  OMG I swear I'm watching the feeds less this year bc my tolerance for her voice expired last season.
  LOLs. People are so, so awesome.
  I have half a mind to exclude myself from the class and sue them my damn self.
 How does FreeConferenceCall.com make money? And is FreeConferenceCallHD better service?
  Ha! This is an important moment in my life. I musn't follow or unfollow anyone!
  Me too! Doesn't it seem like the total damages plus interest FAR exceed $430M?
 I wonder how much $ I'll get in the B of A class action settlement. Feels like $410M doesn't begin to cover wh… (cont) 
  Ha ha small world indeed! I guess I tried to work as hard as I played ... I do have many fond memories of you, though. :)
 You know what I love about Pandora? They don't censor shit. Rihanna just said "gun." It was SO EXCITING. I'm going to kill my boyfriend now.
  Why did I not know about that? Or was I involved in it? I remember doing some space thing for a couple years. God, so drunk.
  OMG that's going to make my boyfriend's day. He's an Evernote devotee. Cc 
  Hm, is the pref still set? It un-set mine randomly a couple months ago. Might also have to shut down your browser and refresh
   You can be logged into Google Apps and your regular Gmail at the same time. There's a setting for it.
   I have invites if you guys want them.
  i am assuming they are all done in parallel 
 Why is there not yet a machine that can do my mani/pedi in 5 mins?
  Thanks! :)
   Ugh, I don't think I ever say that word, and I cringe when someone else does.
 Oh no Victoria Beckham did NOT just name her baby girl Birkin. It's like issuing a press statement introducing your latest pricy accessory.
 RT  When software offends, the pantyshot package controversy 
 The doggies are very happy but the tall grass may as well have machine guns pointed at my nose. [pic]: 
  LOL I just assume by default that everything is downtown. How long are you in town?
  Hey just realized the thing tonight is by the airport. That's probably too far south for me to make it tonight. :(
 Look ma! No hands! RT  Best pic of  from yesterday!  
 In case you missed it, NASA handed over the maintenance of the space station to private companies.  
 RT  If you watch NASA backwards, it's about a space agency that has no spaceflight capability, then does low-orbit flights, ...
  Um are you in Seattle????
 Thinking of you, Dave Cantu!! ( MTV Bay) [pic]: 
  will do! See you there, i look forward to meeting you.
 520 west closed, Mercer exit closed on I-5. Remember when I used to WALK three BLOCKS to get to your house, 
  Bien! Y tu? Estas aburrido?
  "Cienega" is a swampland, she's right.
  Can you learn to say "Hey what's up to Sasha in Seattle?" ;)
 Ewan, upon tasting adult toothpaste for the first time: "Blech! It tastes like candy and meat!" 
 Reading a newspaper as I wait at auto shop. Incredibly frustrated to have no way to RT this great article on psychology of scarcity.
  Not a Python girl but would love to connect with other lady devs. That cool?
 RT  That's called San Diego. RT  Was asked today if I would consider moving back to Seattle. Can I just live there in July  ...
  Is that an inventory of the suckiest life ever?
 "...where she talked about the night she lost her virginity, after drinking too many wine coolers." 
 RT  Seeing a lot of ads for the Transformers 3 BK Bacon Cheddar Ranch Tendercrisp. I should try to be better, demographic-wise.
  Have you really actually been there?
 There is a dive bar called Waldo's by our house that I have this sense we're underutilizing.
  Oh yes please! Make sure it is not too tight please.
  THERE ARE MOBILE FEEDS?
 OH HELLS YES. RT   u need to watch the live viewing party with past house guests:  
    Can we do "SuperPass is Life -- The Rest is Just Details" shirts please?
  The site looks great & doing a Q&A is a great idea. And your hate mail can't even touch what me &  have seen. xo
  Woot woot! Welcome to Twitter Rebecca!
  Hahahahah Rebecca's doing live tech Q&A? I love that! What a smart idea. HEY WHERE ARE MY LIVE FEEDS???
 Can't wait for  to kick off tonight!!! I keep checking my Superpass account hoping the live feeds will be there! cc 
  We did take pictures, I have to get them off the camera to post. BTW amazing hotel. Highly recommend.
 I knew it!!! The exterior shot of the hotel in Twin Peaks is actually Salish Lodge outside Seattle. We totally stayed there last weekend.
  It's audiobook via itunes ... is there a good way to copy that? You totally can.
  Dude the book will make your head explode 10 times harder
 Love this. Facebook vs White House press. "Changing Semiotics of the Press Conference" (via   
  Um is that a Scrabble U?
 Reading Ray Kurzweil's "The Singularity is Near," and it is BLOWING my fucking MIND, yo.
 Congrats Zipline! RT  Seattle-based Zipline’s Moai game development platform is now in open beta 
 Day two of being sick. Having exhausted all other possibilities of Netflix, I have started watching Twin Peaks.
  Yeah. It's gonna be, like, the most-made joke of all time on Twitter. Can u guys track that shit?
 Insert joke here. RT  WHAT!!!!???!!!! CASEY ANTHONY FOUND NOT GUILTY!!!! I am speechless!!!
 I feel like such a responsible citizen when I click "Block and Report Spam." I know I am making a difference in the world.
  I hope you all stay safe, but I'm so jealous of everyone tweeting about the PHX storm. I miss Arizona monsoons so much.
 RT  Relax, it's only a matter of time before Casey is convicted of robbing a hotel room full of sports memorabilia  ...
  Flying toasters now installed as screensaver
  Oh wow, I'd forgotten that screensaver entirely. I wonder if it's possible to install it on Mac OSX. Or the flying toasters?
  I know, right? How are fireworks not digital yet?
  :) They were chocolate cake baked into ice cream cones with frosting. Her girls can't eat dairy. Ewan coined the term tonight.
  So cute! I always love your Polyvore sets. If I could afford a personal stylist and I still lived in LA, I would SO hire you!
  LOL
 Heading home from lovely 4th of July playdate with  and her twins and her "piecones." Little one asleep 5 secs into car ride.
 SWAY IN:  Which high-school yearbook distinction of Jeff's is most impressive? ;): 
 America! Fuck yeah!!!
  Somewhere on  there's a piece I wrote about how haters mean you're doing it right ;) cc 
 RT  July 4, 1776: the day that we “unfollowed” King George. 
  It's weird how races work out like that, isn't it? We all start together as one and then split into, like, 6 groups with huge gaps.
  Did you see us?? I looked for you but it was a blur of drunk people outside LOL.
  Ah, that makes sense. Although I've been to hs football stadiums that look more professional :)
 Wooot!  RT   I will and so will      Woot!!
 Okay, so, which Seattle team actually plays a sport in Memorial Stadium? I lived a half mile from it for 2 years before I knew it existed.
  yeah we kick off at 11:55 and as I recall the course runs past hula hula. Last year everyone in the bar cheered.
  you're at Hula Hula? Get ready to cheer for the Firecracker 5k as we run past around midnight :)
  On my way now! It took a lot of self-motivation, but it IS my favorite race of the year.
  The most common response so far has been "No, do you want to drink with me at a bar on the route to mock the runners?"
 Any Seattleites doing the Firecracker 5K tonight?
 RT  both Visa and MasterCard still allow donations to the Ku Klux Klan, but specifically block WikiLeaks. (via  &lt ...
  People who unfollow 'cuz of swear words fucking suck.
 "EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY, ONLY THOSE SHOES THAT ACCOMMODATE ALL FIVE TOES IN ONE COMPARTMENT ARE AUTHORIZED FOR WEAR." 
 RT  When spell-check won't help: "The Vatican's beautification and canonization process."
  whatever, my problems >>>>> your problems ;)
 RT   people are mean
 I hate it when  goes into freak-out mode on Twitter & I can't scroll down far enough to see what made her so upset.
 RT  Speaking of presidential assassinations, Robert Todd Lincoln, the president's son, was at the scene of three of them ...
  yes! So true! Hope it never goes mainstream ...
  check airbnb?
  woah! Total fun fact!
  ugh. Drag me with u plz. I'm a calorie magnet right now.
  it's a coffee-table book but it's genius
 Picked this book up in a gift shop. Possibly the best piece of literature I've ever read. 
 "Dickey, in order to kill someone, you'd have to put that drink down. You're off the hook."  verdict on the murder cruise
  we'll see in a few mins! ;)
 On a murder mystery dinner cruise. Eating bread. 
 First stop on  fabulous surprise birthday weekend: the  We just found the intimacy kit. ;)
  Thanks!
  congrats todd!
  I think just search by my gmail?
  Wow the  guys really need to get on that.
  No, but in G+ I can share each post only with friends or only with family or only with work or publicly. It's easy.
  True but then you'd have to maintain a Fanpage for your fans and a separate page to share stuff you want your friends to know.
  What happened???
  Ha. Cute!
 RT  on Google + you can get all your data back, pics, etc, it's "data liberation" in settings. That is a huge win over Facebook. G ...
 G+ lets people "follow" you without having to "friend" them back. So, there, it's already so much better than Facebook.
 OMG! A "Mute This Post" option! So I don't have to get notified every damn time someone leaves a comment after mine! I love you, G+.
 ME TOO. RT  I have no idea where  is taking me this weekend for the birthday but I'm super excited.
   I don't get it. It's like design regressed 5 years.
 Tried the new Gmail theme for all of 20 seconds. Don't like it. Don't get it. Back to ninja.
  Send me your email addy.
 Thanks  for the G+ invite! It's pretty damn awesome. Oddly, I find myself really happy for Google. How fickle our tech loyalties.
  spasulka Would love one!
 RT  Those who deliberately misinterpret my intentions: please. PLEASE. There are impoverished people who deserve that kind of energy.
 RT  Rhode Island's Senate OKs same-sex civil union bill  
 RT  Specific Media acquires  from News Corp., reportedly for about $35 million. 
 Not me!! It was   RT   nice "woo!" :) 
 Vote for Chels! RT  Thank you  from  
  look left
 I feel like sponsoring a social media event is mostly a way of advertising that your brand will probably sponsor another social media event.
 Awww  says goodbye to  The Bay claims another amazing Seattleite! We'll miss her.
  I'll be there!
 If you're not on the  website RIGHT NOW, you're missing why  is such a great addition to the team. 
  Good. My work here is done.
 Big congrats to  who got a well-earned promotion to SVP Digital  Every time you see me tweet about  it was her fault.
  they told me that too
  Oooh promotion to what??? Congrats 
 RT  Y Combinator Funds Helen Belogolova and Christine Yen to Change the Events Industry with  
 Sooo Chrome doesn't work with Facebook anymore. Switching to lasers. I mean Safari.
 Why Samoa will lose a day -- interesting look at economics and Australian policy.  via 
 Duh. RT  Want a smarter team? Just add women  via 
  Which one?? The pirates one???
  i love you, not mad. This just earns me a yacht trip is all.
  Hmm ... can I have sex AND pizza? ;)
 Such a great day for fun in the sun! Thanks       and more for joining!
 RT  SWAY IN:  which play yard activity is way cooler  ?: 
 RT  What really drives the poor... 
  Thanks boo!!
 RT  Had the wierdest dreams. At 1 point  was frolicking around topless and later entered into a lesbian love affair ...
  Eh, stranger things have happened. cc 
 My life now includes stress about how I'm going to attend all these birthday parties for people under the age of 4. 
    Agreed! I typically rock sweatpants. People still hire/like me.
  oooooh count me in for an XXXL!!!
  Good luck tomorrow lady!!
 Gorgeous paintings!! ( Jenny Thomas Solo Exhibit) [pic]: 
 Thanks Mikey!!! RT   CubeDuel
 What was the name of that website that was briefly viral on Twitter where you could rate/compare people in your professional circle?
 I figured out why parents today seem so disconnected from their children. They don't stop videotaping them for long enough to meet them.
 It's official, people. I'm a soccer mom. ( Lil' Kickers at Arena Sports) [pic]: 
  sooooo pumped!!!!
  Thank you! :)
 Just got the login for my  account. Can. Not. Wait. Thanks  for destroying the summer's productivity. 
 WOOOT! RT  the  bash was 30% women, featuring major  power w/    and more!
 Thanks for the love in this write-up,  Right back 'atcha, rock star! 
 RT  PR people: if you send me email press releases after I read the news on  I have a filter for you: straight to t ...
 RT  On the  red carpet with  and our date   
 And after the show it's the after party ... ( Jimmy's on First) 
 Red carpet for  with my fave  
 The sexy  posing with Biebs and Hill on the  red carpet.  
 The  beer pong table going strong all night at  
 Are you at the  party? Stop by  beer pong game and score a red carpet pic with 
  A client is having issues with the Blackberry app and with msg scheduling. Can someone from your team email her directly?
  Thanks for all your help with the  game on FB. You rock.
  Thanks! So glad you got to hang out for a bit.
  LOLs x 100. cc 
  Just stopped in but none of you are in there! No one is calling me puta, it is sad. :(
 BRILLIANT lede,  Thanks for the write-up!  
  Indeed! You know we're reppin' our boys 
 Just chillin' with my man  He was such a pro today. A pleasure to work with.  
 Big thanks to the guys  who have been trying to work through us blasting old school hip-hop in the FC conference room all day.
 Watching  try to remember the words to his own song as it comes on his  channel.  
  Ha probably mine
 For the first time today we have open spots in the  room on  Get in get in and hear him DJ: bit.ly/ttfmix
  Hey ditto lady!!!
  Good to know
  Hahahahaha
 Got  here telling old school stories about Dre. Livestreaming now:  
 RT  Wassup  U cant haz  
 THIS IS HOW I ROLL. RT  .  rocking two iPhones and a rap super-star,   
 RT  DJing in the SirMixALotLive room. Come hang out. Now playing Warren G: Regulate ♫♪  
 RT   jumps from 1,200 Facebook fans to more than 17,000 on the back of Giant Thinkwell's new  game.
 RT  Crazy seeing  sing along to a song I'm playing
 And  joins the  party. "We're just trying to get everyone pumped for the  party." 
 RT  Sir Mix-A-Lot  DJ'ing on turntable.fm *and * Ustream  
 Wanna check out  DJing live in the war room?? We're on ustream at 
 HAHA didn't actually happen!  can dream ... RT  Umm,  care to explain?   :)
 
 Um yeah we're bringing down  with  here at  HQ.
 Another shot of  getting busy at the "turntables."  
 Oh yeah. This is happening.  DJing live on  to announce his new  game. 
 Chillin' in the  war room with  They're launching his game today. SO FUN. Stay tuned for a cool announcement.
  all saints is my fave. Sounds a lot like my average outfit.
  we're working on getting an RoR group up. Would love to join forces.
  i loooove panera!!
 Pike Place on a sunny summer day! Could ANYTHING be less of a hassle? ( Pike Place Market w/ 5 others) 
  ps youre in the easy?
  Si, later today.
  Hahahaha CRISIS! I just have to pick up a slave Leia standup from Pike Place & then I'll stop by. My career is demanding.
  thanks doll!
 OK. Done with my hysterical breakdown for the day. Maybe.
  you guys are in new offices already??? Where???
 Oh God. It's happening. RT  ICANN Approves New Top-Level Domains 
  I don't get the joke but that's a precocious little comma there
 Can't wait for the   war room today. I love it when these guys launch a product!
 RT  2 much plastic surgery or not enuff- which is scarier? RT for a chance  a personal video from   ...
  Ugh so true. Still nothing as ancient as American Airlines tho.
 RT  Congrats on raising $600k  I already love Mix's game   
  Haha
 RT  IM DEAD!!?!? again!?!?
 RT  Americans are using 700% more fireworks than we were in 1976, and yet firework related injuries are down 90%.
 RT  Gente, agora eu tenho uma amiguinha americana KKKKKKKKKKKK.
  And don't you mean "kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk"?
  I'm not a hacker, darlin'
 I am learning Portuguese from the lovely people in a  room who are finally done calling me puta.
  That part's probably true, if only because more women in general run around the Internet voicing their opinions on parenthood.
  i think yes, if not even more. cc 
 RT  I think Apple missed a huge opportunity by not treating safari tabs just like apps. Why do we need 2 separate window managem ...
 Been pulled over by chick cops twice in the past 4 days. No ticket either time. Must be the car seat. 
 Today's lesson: Lindsay Lohan's people won't license her image for a cardboard stand-up. The Democratic Party has no such objections.
 RT  If you can fire the Scissor Sisters intern, surely someone at  can fall on the sword for putting words in the Pres ...
 Yup, lunch with an old high-school girlfriend. 
  were you not born yet when he put his girlfriend in the hospital?
 I keep wanting Taylor Swift to sing "... now you're on your very first date and he's got a gun." 
 I can't wait until  lets us ban a song from a room entirely.   
 Uhhh is  their official Twitter? Because, though, maybe some portion of that $41M could have gone to, um, writing things on it.
 We have open DJ spots! Now playing Nicki Minaj: Roman's Revenge (Feat. Eminem) ♫♪  
 Yeah, stop laughing  CEO & start laughing at VCs. RT   VC invstmnt +14%,  of companies invstd in -51
 Agreed. RT  Google reminds users to "Call Dad", makes users angry 
 Happy Father's Day to my Rookie of the Year  Ewan & I are both so lucky to have you.
 RT  Google says for the first time ever, searches for Fathers Day were higher this year than searches for Mothers Day. htt ...
 RT  Spiffy! Is the "sliding scale" pecuniary or ideological? RT  The dream of the '90s is alive! . ...
 The dream of the '90s is alive! 
 Nobody in Portland litters because nobody in Portland litters.
 I'm at Portland Pride Parade (Portland) w/ 32 others [pic]: 
  Oooh! Where is that? Is it outside of NYC?
 Just spotted someone wearing Doc Martens. The dream of the '90s is alive! 
  Talita!!! How are you, lady??? Where have you been all my life? ;)
 OH: "Don't I look young today? It's my whitehead."
 RT  Google: 3 billion+ searches/day. YouTube: 3 billion views/day. Twitter: 1.6 billion queries/day. Facebook: 8 billion user  ...
 The Portland Gay Women's chorus has an ASL translator at their performance. The dream of the '90s is alive. 
 We were just asked to sign a legalize marijuana petition ... on the shiny new train. The dream of the '90s is alive! 
  sending you good vibes!!
 I'm at Tom's Pancake House (12925 SW Canyon Rd, btw Cedar Hills Blvd & Watson, Beaverton) w/ 3 others 
 It is a traditionally Portlandian Pride Weekend, so Stephen & I are going to buy an umbrella and write "These are my booty shorts" on it.
 Wish there were more I could do to help. RT  So awesome RT  Saudi women defy driving ban. 
  cuddle up and i'll show you my QR code baby
 WHADDUP PDX?! I have arrived.
 Just got pulled over for expired tabs. Then got back on I-5 and somehow moved slower.
  Jealous!! Give her a hug from me.
  you are correct, my dear
  hahahaha
 There could be an 8-car pile-up on EVERY SINGLE FREEWAY and it wouldn't be as bad for Seattle traffic as sunshine on a Friday.
 Great piece by  on the value/process of user testing. And, trust me, this woman knows her stuff. 
  Your Twitter account was in my dream last night. I don't remember the details but I thought you should know.
  I think the joke is that you meant June. :) cc 
  Oh man I've come at it from basically every other angle. Happy to chat -- I'll learn something too!
  Is that what you do too? I mean besides dev? Always open to a phone chat!
  I've actually seen pretty good performance for my clients. It's a matter of targeting though.
 Ha! I am not, actually, but it gets played every couple of hours in my room. And I always see it pop up in others, too. So funny.
 Somewhere in the world, someone is playing Rebecca Black in a  room. 
  Unfollow apps are the dumbest thing ever.
  They haven't abused any of it so far but it's only been 2 days. Oh and people have problems with Heroku? Never heard that. ;)
 Word on the street is that it's  birthday. Happy bday to one of the more awesome women I know.
  It's weird how their daughters are so consistently incapable of growing vaginas. Surprised more hasn't been made of that.
  "So two men will never be able to teach a woman how to be a woman." Yeah, bc single dads of daughters have always failed.
 Obsessing with  about how stunning the window displays in the Luly Yang store always are. 
 If you are not in my awesome Turntable room then I feel sad for you. 
 COME PLAY!!! DJing in the Pop Salad Loves Pop Music room.  
  i know, that was so fun!!! We can cuddle and you can talk SaaS to me baby!
  We're based in Seattle but the next time I'm in SF I may take you up on that. Our  has mad beer pong skillz.
  Thanks! Yeah, it's not really an official startup until you have beer pong. I'm pretty sure VCs check for that these days.
 Working for a startup is absolutely grueling. 
 Thank you to everyone who came to my awesome Turntable room. I will begin the campaign anew tomorrow. Must head home now.
 Seriously people come to my Turntable.fm room. PUHLEASE??? It is the coolest and it is my life goal to make it popular. 
  Come a bit north to Seattle! We're building cool  companies out here too! 
 RT  I'm in the Marketing, Not Dev room w/  Come hang out. Now playing Allison Iraheta: Robot Love   ht ...
 DJing in the I'm in Marketing, Not Dev room. Come hang out. Now playing Britney Spears: 3 ♫♪  
  That is actually not a bad idea. Will do!
 Must be in the U.S., in good condition, and able to ship within a week. I'm serious here people.
 All I want in the whole world right now is a Captain Picard life-size cardboard standup. Case of beer to anyone who can find one for me.
 I hope  is proud of herself for making me do more math than I have since I was a CS student. There were fractions. It was hard.
 RT   you are an awful human.
 Yup. Welcome to my brain when it doesn't sleep. It's gonna be a good day to lose followers, Twitter.
 Maybe she's hiding on Twitter! No, no, I'm kidding. She's totally dead. 
 Woot! RT  Shoutout  who was *no kidding* follower No. 666 - now THAT'S evil.
 Soooo bored. Couldn't sleep all night. At what point is it acceptable to wake up the bf & make him pay attention to me?
 RT  Pandora, priced at $16 for its IPO, is above $22 in its first minutes of trading. Follow the stock here: 
 RT  Startup Foundation on    
  WHERE was someone standing to take that pic? 
  Thanks, I will do that!
 "Back in my day, we had to install plugins manually. We didn't have widgets. If we wanted the sidebar changed, WE WROTE THE DAMN CODE. " 
  Yes, it is sooooo freakin' cool.
  The deal closed weeks after your wedding ... I love the shirts and still wear mine.
  The book I mentioned,  and the Seattle Ruby Brigade meet-ups have been invaluable
 Agile Web Development with Rails, Part 1, reading and exercises COMPLETE! On to Part 2! Woot! cc 
 Some days it feels like 90% of effective journalism is deciding which bridges to burn when. Or is that true of any career?
  woot woot!!
 RT  How to Sell a Startup (as told by  
 Shit. Love u Hef! RT  Since we're not getting married on Saturday, I've scheduled a movie: "Runaway Bride." Seems appropriate.
  ha. Yeah right. ;)
 Hey bloggy friends -- is there any good way to legally use photo agencies' photos now that GumGum doesn't do it?
 RT  Bob Crimmins' latest project: Revolutionize shopping for women: 
  Well it's very lovely in Miami and I'm sure your imaginary education there was a lot of fun.
  
 RT  You know you've been writing too much when you begin to punctuate your own thoughts.  just thought the wor ...
  Thanks Christina! So glad you had a good time!
 RT  Wow, Seattle Startup Weekend rocked! Haven't had this much fun at an event ever.  
 RT  Forget the general election, I'm beginning to wonder if some of these GOP candidates could beat Obama in the primary.
 RT  Oh cool! I have now done 1 kT (kilotweet = 2^10 = 1024 tweets). Or should that be 1 KiT (kibitweet)? 
  yeah I don't know if I'll do it again. It wasnt fun. Glad Xfit is fun in KC!!
  XGym is about pushing individual muscle groups to complete muscle failure. Getting to that involves some intense pain.
  Yeah, they're different philosophies. XGym didn't make me puke, but Crossfit never made me cry.
  Thanks! So so so so sick. Also XGym was probably not a good idea on top of it. FML. Hope you feel better too!
 I like how I will spend 80% of the day wondering what the hell is wrong with me before it occurs to me that I'm sick.
 The XGym trainer made me cry. I miss Crossfit. It was easier.
 If I ever organize another Startup Weekend, I'm gonna find a spa sponsor to host us all the following day.  
  It was amazing!!! It'll take me a day or two to recover physically/mentally, but it rocked!!
 Hottie boyfriend's team wins Seattle Startup Weekend. Watch the video. I'm on the first slide. 
 If they win it's all 'cuz of me. RT   you made the slides that much hotter :) cc 
 Somehow Leo & I are involved in the Place for Rover VC pitch.  
 Calling your building 'eco-friendly' is just another way of saying the toilets won't flush right the first time.
 A Heart Mob just helped me refill the cooler at  cc  
 HeartMob: absolutely freakin' brilliant. Flash mobs for volunteerism. 
 Love  asking all the teams what their *sustainable* competitive advantage is. An oft-missed question among CEOs. 
  omg that is GORGEOUS!! did you take that?
  yeah it's an ipad 2 too!!
  OMG so many people have died the past few days that I read your tweet and freaked the hell out. Phew.
  thank you hanna!!! :)
  ha! Keep dreaming!! :)
  I nominate  for your  blogger!
 Hey  I nominate  for your  socialite! Please RT!!
 At Seven salon in Bellevue. Stylist: "Would you like to check out an iPad?" They bring you an iPad with pre-loaded magazines. Genius.
  You'll have to ask them! cc 
  Oh really? I don't remember mine doing that. Or maybe I just learned how. I love it.
 Hey if you play Cityville please friend me on FB. All my friends play Empires & Allies or Farmville and I need help with a pigeon invasion.
 I'm totally obsessed with the two-finger scroll on Lion. Why didn't laptops do this earlier? 
