 Enjoying the live feed of TED talks this morning at  Impressive speakers and topics!
 Just switched from AT&T DSL to Uverse...not sure how their DSL can be so slow while UVerse is so fast. Either way, I'm a happy surfer.
 Wishful thinking that an IT upgrade to my laptop would go smoothly. I guess losing all my email means no work this weekend...
  please bring back the release date/rating sort functionality to the site. It is much harder to find things to watch now!
 Received this helpful  error message tonight while looking at flights: . Filing that under "what not to do."
 Our cat just kicked our dog out of his bed so that she could lay there. Didn't realize he chose instead to lay on the clothes I set out...
 after all the college math I had to take I found myself unable to solve an equation w/ expressions today...boy was that a long time ago.
 Saw Super 8 tonight...still contemplating whether I liked it or not. It felt, to me, like a mix between Goonies and Transformers.
 RIP Marshall Matt Dillon...James Arness died today at age 88. I'll have to try to find a couple Gunsmoke episodes this weekend.
 In my haste to order a kindle yesterday & have it overnighted I forgot to change the shipping address from the office to home. Super.
 Rest in peach Randy "Macho Man" Savage.  Terribly sad...he missed the rapture by one day!
 Enjoyed   presentation tonight; looking forward to reading more on archetype use in marketing. Thx  for hosting!
 I don't know if I believe the eye doctor...I think I could see better before these new "computer" glasses.
 I thought the red telephone booth in the lobby of DeVos was just for decoration...but I see a person inside using a pay-phone.
 Interesting writeup on Social Media in higher ed:   (via 
 settled in for the evening...watched 60 minutes and now onto Nature on pbs (my new Sunday night favorite).
 In the middle of a day trip to Tecumseh, MI...trying once again to sell my mom's house. Market over here is worse than Grand Rapids!
 Out with the  at Rockwells in grand rapids. Sitting on the deck makes me long for key west.
 Just saw someone use their bridge card to buy candy, then pull out a wad of cash to buy $20 worth of lotto tickets. awesome.
 The office is so quiet this morning...except for what I am assuming might be a mouse running around atop the ceiling tiles. gross.
 Finally made it to the Public Museum yesterday after living in the Grand Rapids area for 15 years...visited the John Ball Zoo today.
 Apparently the trick to getting caught up at work is to take a vacation day & work from home; I can relax now knowing work is in order. ;)
 I wish these royals across the pond would get married already so we can get back to real news...no more of this tabloid style coverage!
 Happy Easter! Went to a very nice mass this morning, now prepping for some family to come for dinner. Hope everyone has a great day!
 New tires were not in today's plans. At least Discount Tire let me feel like I was getting a good deal.
 tidbit from the  Russians consume about 18 liters pure alcohol per person annually, 2x the internationally recommended limit!
 webcasting the  women's softball softball game vs. Wayne State University this afternoon.
 While looking on sears.com for a keyhole saw one item didn't seem to fit the keyword: 
 How is it that a replacement part for an existing bathroom exhaust fan is more expensive than a new exhaust fan?
 Terrible weather for a west Michigan spring break! Why must is rain each & every day that I need to go buy drywall...
 signed up for  to find contractors for my latest project. I was skeptical at first but am now very impressed with the site!
 Every time I do a home-improvement project I want to find the builder & find out what he was thinking. It's a wonder our house is standing.
 Bob Seger puts on a great show, nice of Kid Rock to stop by too! People watching, however, was just as entertaining.
 At the Van Andel arena to see Bob Seger... downtown GR is busy tonight!
 started the bathroom tiling project... I've popped a couple old pink tiles off the wall so there is no turning back now.
 What a day...meeting w/ some of my favorite  people & a chance to hear about campus history via the 50th anniversary lecture series.
 Enjoyed my first Oberon (and second, then third) of the season... Spring is officially here!
 RT  GVNow: Grand Valley creates jobs and bright future for state of Michigan 
 Wow...didn't expect that VCU win but it sure helps me knock a couple people out the bracket challenge.
 spent the day picking up litter w/  alums & students. Oddly, the two most common things that I picked up were cigarette butts & bones.
 RT  A fifth of the population (25%) lack basic arithmetic skills.
  I always look for ultratime under the quick links tab at the top of the  homepage, it's in the far right column.
 If you or someone you know is looking for a Web Developer position  has an opening on the  Apply here: 
 Holly & I bought the pooch a new dog bed...he prefers to lay just off the bed, using it instead as a pillow for his head. so much for that.
 Had a surprisingly pleasant & successful trip to Art Van today. Picked up a nice sectional sofa for the basement, now we just need the TV.
 Have an exciting Saturday planned...furniture shopping and picking out some new tile for some home improvement projects.
 Wow...quite a few people I know made the trip to Austin for SXSW, might have to check it out some year.
 Funniest thing I have seen in a long time...a little smart car with a brush guard on the front bumper.
 Having one of those days...it doesn't seem like I'm winning as much as I want to.
 Lent is like the Catholic do-over for all those failed New Year's resolutions...I think I'll do something crazy like giving up coffee.
 RT  I'm looking to hire a  INTERN with  Apply here –   // Awesome.
 Pretty cool...GVSU's Hitchens vs. Hitchens debate footage was used on CBS's 60 minutes tonight.
 Oddly enough, my most productive days are those when I realize it's 4pm & I haven't looked at facebook or twitter all day.  Coincidence?
 made it through two thirds of the day thinking it was Thursday...it's been a long week already!
 bought 2 movie tickets for $9 via fandango.com & livingsocial...get yours here: 
 Enjoying good drinks with good friends at the Intersection for the mega 80s concert.
 Looking forward to an evening w/ Holly &  nice to have a dedicated realtor who's convinced there's a house for us somewhere.
 running low on patience today... probably took it out a little on the terrible waitress & chatty salesperson I dealt with this afternoon.
 ate dinner at the Shawmutt Inn & then bowled while drinking Pabst & Natural Light...not things that I really need to do again any time soon.
 was not mentally prepared for this much snow... going to work from home, wait an hour, and hope for a snow plow to get to our road.
 Dinner our with Holly. Then a stop at target...exciting night for us!
 trying to watch the Michigan Budget webcast but it keeps dropping...anyone have a good feed?
 Looking forward to starting a new book soon...will be hard to pick from a couple I've bought recently & those suggested by friends.
 Attending the  tech trends event at the wealthy street theater with 
 I don't mind meetings but sometimes they'd go so much smoother if participants agreed ahead of time that 1 person talks at a time.
  We all use Coda here - 
 Spent the evening at  helping with a World Affairs Council of Western Michigan webcast...interesting speaker tonight!
 Finished compiling all our tax info for the accountant...fingers crossed for a refund this year!
 Was able to get tickets for Bob Seger's Grand Rapids show! That might be the most productive thing I accomplish today...
 At  Really really impressed with the speakers so far.
 Not sure where the week went, but I'm happy all the same that it's Friday. One more marathon day of meetings & then  tonight!
 Boy, Michigan just can't win..."Michigan ranks 2nd on list of states 'running out of smart people.'" Full story here: 
 Saw Just go with it, the new Sandler/Anniston movie tonight...it was pretty funny, & even better w/ free early screening movie passes!
 Had an eventful weekend; a lot of stress but fun all the same. Check out  great Perchville photos here: perchvillepics.com
  a huge crowd at the perchville hospitality (beer) tent in tawas.
  only at perchville would people be walking around in bathing suits.
  local tawas car dealership that closed has this message to obama posted in all windows.
  filling up at dam store.
  you know you are in a good small town when you can leave beer and tools in the back of your truck while shopping.
 Grand rapids and kent county road crews did a great job clearing the roads! Counties north not so much...
 spent an hour shoveling & didn't make a dent in the driveway.  In hindsight it might have been quicker to tunnel to the mailbox.
 I'm taking Thursday/Friday off &  has a snow day tomorrow...a really long weekend sounds nice but I'm worried I'll pay on Monday.
 Wondering how this pending blizzard will impact my trip north Wednesday night/Thursday morning... Do I dare buy into the snopocolypse hype?
 gathering tax documents... crossing my fingers that THIS is the year that we don't owe money!
 Setting up for tonight's  131 showdown / basketball games vs. Ferris at the Van Andel Arena.
 Nothing says awesome bathroom like carpet and thrown phone.  
  Thanks! I've been flagging a couple stories to read later...
 I feel totally out of the loop on Egypt news... This has been a big side effect of not having cable for me, its harder to keep up w/ news!
 restored data mistakenly deleted earlier today for a work project... thankfully copies of tables were made before SQL was run!
 I've grown fond of the "Hide this user" tool on facebook... I wouldn't mind seeing the same thing in my email inbox. For spam, of course. ;)
 Have a craving to listen to some Bob Seger this morning after hearing the concert tour announcement...
 My 1st grade student read/devoured 4 mushy Valentine's Day books today. I see women's affinity for smutty romance novels starts young!
 dishwasher fixed in time to catch a PBS special on old westerns (awesome), and now tuned in to the State of the Union...
 Dreading the conclusion to last night's dishwasher repair project. Who'd of thought a few peanuts in the dishwasher could be so problematic!
 Attending a  program/debate on the future of capitalism... should be interesting.
 Did a nice 125ish mile snowmobile trip earlier, Reed City up to Irons via Cadillac & back through Baldwin. Best trails so far this season!
  snowmobiling in irons.
 mentally & physically prepping for snowmobiling in 7 degree weather. Hope to return without frostbite & with feeling in all extremities.
 Looking forward to a busy weekend, should be a good mix of fun and social happenings with cool people.
 Anyone recall Tomes & Talismans, the 80's post-apocalypse VHS tapes used to teach kids the dewey decimal system? Watch: 
 Just bought a $20 amazon giftcard for $10 via today's livingsocial.com deal. Get your's here: 
 Enjoyed  kickoff to MLK Commemoration Week this morning. Here's a list of events occurring throughout the week: 
 So, I guess I am a gemini now and not cancer... Oh what do the stars hold for me now??
 Looked at a unique house tonight built by the owners of the Pantlind Hotel (Amway now). Many parts of the home were salvaged from the hotel!
 Listening to Arrested Development's Mr. Wedal. Fun fact: That was the 1st CD I ever bought & I played it a lot (only CD I had for a while).
 Dropped  off at airport. Looking forward to getting into the office early to get some work done while playing some loud 80s rock.
 sitting in my car, replying to email, waiting for next appointment & my moon roof mysteriously opened by itself... not good in mid-January.
 I held out for a long time for the iphone to come to Verizon, but I have to say that I'm happy I went with the HTC Droid Incredible...
 Dog walked, coffee made, now time to watch some news and home-improvement/DIY shows.
 New blog post: 2010 Winter Break - Book Review 
 How does one not read an article titled "Mom guilty in intimidation cow-killing"... story from  here: 
 Taking the dog for a walk; for some reason he likes to keep his nose to the ground plowing through snow to catch a smell. Silly cold Beagle.
 A comic that computer nerds & coders will appreciate: 
 The idea of taking a nap under my desk is very appealing right now...this fast-paced week is taking its toll.
 Enjoyed In The Heights...if you get a chance to see it before it leaves Grand Rapids you won't be disappointed.
 Dinner at bullshead followed by In the Heights with   Leeanne,  and Holly at DeVos Hall.
 After paying some bills earlier today I see that I clearly overspent in December...time to find some belongings to sell on ebay!
 Helped  w/ a snowblower & enjoyed a couple drinks at Z's while catching up with another old friend after work. A good evening...
 picking up where I left off a week & a half ago... returning emails/calls, and trying to wrap up a couple  projects in the queue!
 enjoyed a low-key new year's eve at home with friends.  great dinner, great drinks, great friends...what more can one ask for?
  made it to rosa parks circle in time to see them raise the ball.
 I feel like a senior citizen eating at 5:30...joining friends for dinner at leo's then seeing how the night unfolds.
 spent an hour at an indoor shooting range... enjoyed trying a couple hand guns but I can see that being a very expensive hobby.
 Couldn't wait any longer for a new phone...Holly & I picked up new Droid Incredibles today. Let the fun commence.
 I may have an online shopping addiction; just bought a Western Digital HD TV unit because it was "such a good deal." Maybe it will be cool.
 Holly saw the Mary Poppins musical in Detroit last week...which reminded me that I needed to get a chimney cleaning & inspection ;)
 I'm impressed with Stanley ( Tool's support...on the couple occasions I've had to talk to them they've been so helpful!
 looking forward to a week off! So far we've planned to shop (have a few gift cards to use), a little snowmobiling, & a lot of relaxation.
 Enjoyed Christmas w/ family. Highlight of gift opening: the empty box my mom wrapped & gave my sister. Next she'll wrap a cat or jello mold.
 Spending time w/ the inlaws; having an early dinner then opening gifts. Rounding out the evening with a good catholic mass. Merry Christmas.
 Just bought tickets to see "In the Heights" via today's groupon.  2 tix for $67 (52% off). Link for tickets/details: 
 made it to my inlaw's house; watching the original True Grit w/ Holly's dad. Great to see it again after watching the remake last week.
 Another Resume tip: If you're going to use a template at least take the time to change things like: your name, email address, & phone 
 Tip: don't send 60 pages of writing samples if applying for a non-writing job. Especially if you've barely mastered writing a cover letter.
 very cool...one of the  developers just received a chrome notebook. Nice surprise delivery from 
 We've received so many nice Christmas cards & notes from friends & family; making me rethink our decision to not send them this year.
 in all my rushing around this morning I forgot my phone...guess I'm going to have to check email & calendar the old fashioned way.
 back from a weekend of snowmobiling across Michigan's Upper Peninsula; could have used a bit more snow but a good time all the same.
 finished a day of snowmobiling (~100 miles), made a stop in Strong, Michigan...which I learned is Michigan's black bear capitol.
 Thoroughly enjoyed my coffee from  this afternoon... must go back soon!
 Saw True Grit early showing  tonight w/  and  Great movie! Unfortunately we sat in front of a row of talkers...
 Thanks to what little snow fell Holly has a snow day tomorrow, timed perfectly w/ my day off. Maybe she'll go look at snowblowers with me ;)
 quite a Saturday so far...I've watched two movies and made a batch of guacamole for later. Time to go find something productive to do.
 Gave the Beltline  another shot tonight but another lackluster experience makes me think I should just stick with 
 Just saw The Tourist with  &  Not a bad movie, somewhat predictable and slow though.
 My day started with not being able to complete a 1st grade worksheet on long & short vowels. At least we read a cool book on animals first.
 Amazing concert by  Loved the acoustic versions of the songs we've loved for years.
 At DeVos Hall with Holly to see Bryan Adams. Maybe he'll sing her happy birthday ;)
 Great show (Wicked) at WMU Miller Auditorium followed by a great dinner  w/ friends. And I have the day off tomorrow!
  - Holly got great tickets to see wicked at WMU's Miller Auditorium.
 Check out the latest  iPhone app: Laker Tour. Info here: . Nice work 
 Cat decided to play "let's hide Ben's wedding ring" last night. After a frantic search I found it under the couch w/ her other treasures.
 Moved our holiday party to main street pub for a quick send off drink for a developer leaving the 
 I love music and all, but our seat at the  holiday party is inches from a 5 piece brass ensemble. We're using hand gestures to talk.
 Went to newer  location w/  today and they were out of regular coffee & chai mix. Sad, sad day...
 Holly and I agree...we both wish it would snow already.
 Listening to the  football game on my way north. Hoping for a recovery from the rough start!
 Listed a car for sale on craigslist & it sold in 12 hours, with a line of 5 others wanting it. People are crazy for VW diesels!
 I thought going out to stores today would be a waste of time; instead I'm sitting on the couch glued to amazon.com watching lightning deals.
 Happy Thanksgiving!  Keeping an eye on the turkey in the smoker while enjoying coffee, & a sense of calm that won't last long today.
 Heading to devos hall to see legally blonde with  Grabbing a drink before hand at Z's.
 Looks like my jaunt to South Dakota is off at the moment (not terribly heartbroken). Maybe I'll replace it with a trip to northern Michigan.
  yes, that will work.
  I always start there but couldn't find the answer online. The rep I talked to was very helpful though.
 Looking forward to a long Thanksgiving weekend spent partially in South Dakota helping with the  football game webcast.
 Long lines not unique to Michigan Sec. of State ( branch offices, there's also a 40 minute wait to ask a question via phone :(
 Heading to the Michigan's upper penninsula, finally found snow near Houghton Lake. Looking forward to cards & a drink by the wood stove!
 checking out a  demo...pretty interesting thus far.
 Just caught a bit of ABC's 20/20 show on Better Business Bureau's fraudulent practices. How disappointing that BBB ratings can be bought.
 Looking forward to hearing  presentation where he'll tell us how to create beautiful android & apple mobile apps easily...
 Was slipping into a power point-induced coma (no reflection on content/presenters). Thankfully it's time for a break at 
 At the MSU Kellogg Center for the World Usability Day event. This year's theme focuses on mobile communications.
 Enjoyed   talk so much I had to buy his book & get it signed.  Looking forward to reading The Mirror Test.
 Kodak's  It would cost $462,000 to fill up your gas tank with "Big Ink's" cartridge ink. Think we're overcharged? 
 Great goal for social media interaction from  80/20 rule, 80% of posts should be interactive, 20% info push.
 RT  For Employees, Facebook Counts as Free Speech:  //Interesting, wonder where lines will be drawn
 Interesting...the census bureau monitored social media sites 24/7 and responded as necessary during the 2010 census. 
 Catching up on email as people filter in to the  social media confab at the JW.
 Holly's car has a blown head gasket; first real issue we've had with the Equinox, but it's a biggy. At least it's been paid off for a while!
 feel very refreshed today despite weekend stress; must be the extra hour of sleep & seeing the shining sun while getting ready this morning.
 Stopped at P.F. Changs in Livonia before heading home (again). Never ceases to amaze me how big my dad's extended family is.
 Made it home from tawas to grand rapids. Now heading to detroit for the visitation for my great aunt who passed away on Friday.
 Holly's car died while up north, luckily in a spot where I have cell service to call a tow truck (& play on twitter). Now to get back to GR.
 Relaxing at the cabin; enjoying cable while waiting for the sun to take the chill off outside. I miss dedicated home improvement channels!
 Driving through Cadillac, quite a bit of snow sticking to the ground. It's actually pretty slick. Here comes winter!
 trying out a remote VPN access point and wireless VOIP phone from home...technology is pretty damn amazing at times.
 Gearing up for a presentation that starts soon on social media  with 
  & I have been putting finishing touches on our social media presentation for tomorrow, but his design tweeks are the best ;)
 watching a PBS special on the circus...I think if this Internet fad ever wanes I'd like to work for a circus, be a truck driver, or both.
 Tonight is the first time in a long while that I've missed having cable. I'd love to have some 24 hour news to hear about races outside MI.
 Surprisingly few trick or treaters came by the house tonight... Guess there will be more candy for the office tomorrow.
 Setup and ready to webcast the  Women's Soccer game vs. Ferris State. Testing a new streaming service here: 
 For me, the scariest part of the haunt has been all the unsupervised & hyper teens. Fun outing w/ the 
 was just stood up for a retirement planning session w/ a Fidelity rep; he called 5 minutes after the start time to tell me he was canceling.
 Looks like every street light between downtown grand rapids and points northeast are without power. Making for a long drive home!
 The 1st grader I read to earlier coughed the whole time we met. Despite an immediate trip to buy airborne I'm convinced I'll still be sick.
 You know it's going to be a good day when there's a case of guiness waiting for you on your office chair! 
 RT  Watch GVSU Lakers Volleyball vs. Saginaw Valley State University at 7pm! Live Webcast can be found here: 
 Shocking...a  student's attempt to hire someone via craigslist to complete their paper didn't pan out. Story here: 
 setting up for the  Tedx webcast; should be a great event. Event Info & live webcast link can be found here: 
 If you haven't seen  accountability report you should check it out here: . Interesting facts & figures!
 Watched  1999 documentary: Barenaked in America. Made me miss the  days, but prompted me to buy the latest album.
 RT  Best obit picture ever -  // WOW, you are not kidding.
 dressing up as a priest for Halloween. Had to check w/ my mom to make sure I'm not breaking any catholic rules; she thinks I'll be alright.
 Asked for medium spice in my peanut curry today...WOW, can't imagine what Angel's Thai Kitchen does for the hot and extra hot selections.
 Check out the alternate  homepage that  &  have been working on:  Nice work guys!
 Met the 1st grader this morning that I'll be reading with each week via the United Way Schools of Hope program. This should be fun...
 RT  RT  Awesome: LipDub of "Come Sail Away" by  students! Over 84,000 views in one week!! 
 Tried using ooVoo for a video conference call earlier...pretty slick. Just making it easier & easier to never come to the office!
 installed new toilet at my sister's house earlier & came home to find my fantasy football teams losing. Two of my least favorite things!
 Great game...  Laker football defeats the Lake Erie College Storm 57-23!
 Setup complete for the  Lakers vs. Lake Erie College Storm football webcast.  Watch for free here:  
 RT  James Kofi Annan will be speaking about ending slavery in Ghana on 10/25 at 7 p.m. Visit www.gvsu.edu/csw for details. 
 How web people amuse one another: Angelina Jolie vs. IE 6 adoption rate slide from   (thx 
 New blog post: HighEdWeb Conference 2010 Takeaways  Available here: 
 Reviewing  Cincinnati expenses. Kind of a costly place to socialize! Glad I learned as much at night as I did in the sessions!
 Wrapping up at the  conference. Heading home in a couple hours.
 Found an interesting place to watch karaoke... "Hamburger Mary's." Waiting for  folks to wander down.
 Left aquarium for Oktoberfest at Hoffbrauhaus. Would it be wrong to just order a guinness at a german pub?
 Penguins at the newport kentucky aquarium. 
 I just pet a penguin...then I felt bad for her (Paula) as it sat there waiting to be touched by 200 camera toting giants.
 Hanging out in Newport, Kentucky tonight at the Newport Aquarium!
 Listening to Steve Krug's keynote at the  conference. Awesome!
 The  lip dub video can be seen here:  - Really impressed by their work!
 Very impressed with  sessions!  and  among my favorites thus far.
 RT  Why does your college have a website? It should be to build and sustain relationships. (Great  observation.)  ...
 Getting icecream at graeter's on fountain square in cincinnati. 
 In a session titled "wordpress can do that?  hoping to learn some new uses for it!
 RT  if you don't have enough content to update your website regularly then you probably don't need a facebook page 
 Findability precedes usability in the alphabet and on the web...if you can't find it you can't use it. 
 RT  the amt of data created by humans in 2009 exceeded that of all data created by humans prior to 2009 
 RT  How long is it going to take you to do this? 4 times the most likely, plus the worst case, plus the best case divided by 6.  ...
 Know what goes well with a conference session? Coffee. Seems to be rationed and served in tiny cups here. 
 Interesting question posed this morning...who trusts google? Some thought provoking responses from the  crowd this morning!
 The green movement hasn't hit cincinnati. They throw away bottles and serve mayo in individual jars. 
  - Hanging out at the cincinnati contemporary museum of art. Whoa.
 Picked the wrong time to drive downtown cincinnati...football crowds are swarming the streets.
 Heading down to cincinnati with  for the  conference.
 It's days like today that I miss working on the  Allendale campus. Spent afternoon sending emails from the Arboretum & Seidman House.
 Contemplating heading to  to see the Jason Derulo concert... Maybe the fact that I need to take a nap first means I'm too old for this.
 highlight of my morning: learning command + 1-9 or control + tab switches tabs in firefox. Full list can be found here: 
 Today is a smashing pumpkins kind of day...  a pleasant distraction from the general pandemonium.
 The ringing in my ears has stopped, now I'm just left with a headache after sitting 10 feet from a bank of speakers for 3 hours.
 leaving the office before I get consumed by another email! Back to the  allendale campus later to judge the  lip sync!
 prepping for morning meetings in the Kirkhof Center  The color change in the trees makes the drive here much more enjoyable...
 Just for fun I'd like to hook an autotune mic/processor to my office phone...it would make boring phone calls more interesting.
 Odd...facebook says I have a negative number of comments: (. Maybe this is their solution for the dislike button.
 I don't think there is a hallmark card for this: "U.S. Apologizes for Syphilis Experiment..." Full story here: 
 drove to Tecumseh/Adrian for the night ...couldn't find a good place for dinner, but there was a  Back to Grand Rapids in the am!
 I can think of few things worse than having to fill my fuel tank in two transactions because I've hit the 75 dollar pay at the pump limit...
 Saw a $500k home tonight in Parade of Homes that looked/felt cheap; I didn't think that was possible (in GR). All others were nicer though.
 Our office sounds like an infirmary...everyone seems to have varying stages of some cold that has been floating around. I blame 
 Eggplant bolognese for dinner (recipe: ) & homemade ice cream for dessert. Sadly, the latter negates the healthy recipe.
 Looking for a bank? Avoid Flagstar! Just found out they charged me $90 to fax a document. Wait time for Customer Service? Over 30 minutes...
 Pithy is the word of the day...  Now if I could just find a balance between being concise and terse.
 Southwest Airlines is planning on buying AirTran...does that mean Southwest is coming to Grand Rapids? That would be pretty awesome!
 Breakfast at the omelette shoppe before a walk around art prize. Love the brisk fall weather!
 Had a great time hanging out with friends last night; don't see enough of them anymore. Nothing like a wedding to bring everyone together!
 Attended the Beattie/Powers wedding, now grabbing lunch & drinks at the JW before the reception later this evening at  Eberhard Center.
 A penny just can't buy what it used to...including itself. "The US Mint spends 1.4 cents on every penny produced" more: 
 I have Loverboy's 80's tune "Working for the Weekend" stuck in my head...it must be Friday.
  opening in 2013...groundbreaking ceremony is today.
 From the groundbreaking: Fundraising for the new  library is now in the public phase; 4.5 million is still needed.
 Stopped at the  standale location for the grand opening on the way to  library ground breaking. Great new location!
 If you're on/near the  Allendale campus at noon tomorrow check out the new library ground breaking! Info here: 
 researching DVR options...don't really want the PC route, but not really into paying Tivo's service fee. Maybe I should just hook up a VCR.
 another close game...  Lakers beat  38-31 in the final minutes. Not used to seeing so many people here so late in the game!
 All set up for the  football game webcast tonight...watch the game live at 7pm here (for free!): 
 This odd ad is a bit unclear:  - A DUI will actually help lower my insurance prices?? Someone needs a new copy writer...
 Another Saturday, another visit to the vet with Bailey. I'd be shocked if he wasn't in the top 5 most seen dogs by out vet's office.
 Ordered Jonathan Franzen's book Freedom from amazon; paid an extra dollar to get the copy w/o the Oprah club logo. Just not an Oprah fan.
 Contemplating my move to the wilderness...Dick Proenneke style. The documentary "Alone in the Wilderness" is like a how to guide for me.
 meeting with  catching up on  web topics.
 Waiting for the  event to start. This is a BYOI (bring your own Internet) event. No wifi in the meeting space.
 Wow, has been a busy day in the office...I hope to make a dent in the to-do list before the  "Mobile Superstars" event tonight.
 left my cell phone at home today...learning how much I rely on a smart phone as a "tool." I need my phone like a builder needs a hammer.
 Attending the  fall arts El Capitan concert. Louis Armstrong Theatre sure fills up fast...funny, it seemed bigger when I was a student.
 was a  and Detroit Lions win too much to ask for? I'm certainly no NFL officiating expert but that counted as a touchdown in my book.
 Finishing a crossword puzzle while waiting for visitors to leave. Might relax before more guests come later today.
 It is astounding that  turned this game around. Even better, they end it with an interception. The most exciting ending I've seen here.
 O M G...the end of the  football game was absolutely crazy. Can't believe they pulled out the win.
 Webcasting the  football game vs. Hillsdale.  Click here to watch for free: 
 sounds like Matt Kirkwood /  is broadcasting from a construction zone today...
 OK...that nissan polar bear commercial was pretty good.
 RT  An average of 160 lbs of food is eaten by each Asian elephant per day. Ringling Bros Barnum Bailey 9/16-19. // wow
 just now getting into the office...thank you unruly meeting schedule.  Now to start on email and voice messages that piled up.
 Up & at em! Heading to breakfast w/  & a few  alums before work; reply to email, attend meeting, return calls. rinse & repeat.
 Made it to the cabin today. It is so cold that turning the furnace on tonight is a real possibility! Hard to believe it was 90 on Monday.
 Ready for the long weekend; up early to knock out a couple emails before morning meetings.  Here's hoping to a completed to-do list by noon!
 Awesome!  football came back to beat West Texas A&M...final score 34-31.  Was a nail biter there for a bit.
 Getting a haircut at Jude's before heading to Allendale for the  Football season opener. Looking forward to a West Texas rematch!
 Meeting a friend for a quick drink at buffalo wild wings, then home to hang out with the dog while Holly preps her classroom.
 Wow, women really got a bad rap in these old STD propaganda posters:  (via 
 can't be certain, but I think the person who just left me a voice mail was taken by aliens mid call. Now I'll never know what they wanted!
 Where has this summer gone? I found myself this morning thinking about which weekend would work best to winterize the cabin come fall. Sad.
 Off to work a bit early today after a quick stop at  coffee. Now to launch a big  prolect with 
 dog walked, now heading to the farmers market to find a bunch of tomatoes for canning tomorrow. AND a new stove arrives today. what a life!
 watching the Big Lebowski to mentally prepare for some bowling with  tomorrow.
 Wow... has students from all Michigan counties, 42 states, and over 70 countries. That's pretty cool.
 Prepping for some video work; first up is the president's address to faculty/staff then convocation. This week  has flown by!
 Stopped by sanchez bistro for happy hour, wishing a student worker well on her last day in the office.
 Guess who just found themselves getting into some Michael Jackson oldies? This guy. Toe tapping and everything...thanks itunes shuffle.
 home from a long weekend in northeast Michigan with the  much needed break before the crazy week ahead.
 so much for a calm before the storm...today is more like a storm before the tornado. Luckily, even busy days  are still good days ;)
 Looking forward to starting season 4 of Dexter this evening...finally available on Netflix!
 meeting  for lunch and a quick tech support session to help someone with their website.
 I must've had some crazy dreams last night. I woke up with Warren G's Regulators stuck in my head. Sadly, my itunes library has no Warren G.
 I love this cooler weather...Holly & I enjoyed a nice walk w/ the dog followed by dinner with fresh vegetables from a friend's garden. yum.
 Heading to Indiana to visit with family. Too bad it sounds like we're in for a hot and rainy day.
 going to an office social function on an old paddle boat... I guess that is one way to keep everyone socializing in one place.
 There's a big platter of donuts on the check-in desk at the rec center. Is that supposed to be a cruel joke tempting the people working out?
 Working from home for a bit then heading to the  Allendale campus; mtg w/ Climbing Center. Public safety & Development mtgs on deck.
 Had an enjoyable mtg w/    & our friends in the  alumni office. They keep our jobs fun! ;)
 attending coldfusion user group meeting at MSU w/  &  (and others). I think (hope) this meeting might end w/ a beer.
 Just finished watching The Art of the Steal via netflix. Good documentary laying out the systematic "theft" of a $25 billion art collection.
 doing some cold-call sales just for the fun of it. I can't help trying to dissuade others from using yahoo email for their business ;)
 The office is HOPPING today...hopefully the issues we've seen today aren't a sign of what this week has in store for the 
 so little to do on this rainy day, & with no cable my TV options are limited. I just found myself stopping to watch "worship for shut ins."
 New blog post: Just what the doctor ordered for a long afternoon. 
 enjoyed nice dinner w/ a friend from college, in the same line of work, at the Greenwell. Nice to trade work-stories & brainstorm solutions!
 I'm confused w/ facebook lists... anyone really interested is welcome to see anything they want on my page; I don't have that much to hide.
 Enjoyed a fantastic dinner in Rockford at Red's on the River. Dessert wasn't too shabby either.
 Just voted, now grabbing a  coffee on the way to the office. Two of my favorite things ;)
 One of my many pet peeves: when businesses don't return sales calls. Sales must be REALLY good when you can afford to turn down more money.
 Too busy...I'm just not ready for it to be noon yet. On the up side...met some great  students interested in joining the 
  the outdated imacs still look good. Now I just want one for home...certainly don't NEED one, but would certainly be nice.
 Just walked past Fred Ward (think tremors) in the JW Marriott...it took us a while to think of his name, but  got it.
  is my hero this afternoon. despite being very busy, he made time to help w/ a client's long overdue changes...all for beer.
 My office is a real mess. Time to purge many stacks of paper & coffee cups; I think the janitor avoids my space, not knowing what to clean.
   Too much cup under lid ;) If you pick it up above half-cup mark the top contorts & pops lid. Poor match 4 car cup holder.
 Need coffee! I want  super size but grande is safer. Super size doesn't come w/ super lid; spilled 2 cups in my lap in last 3 tries.
 Fantastic...ipads finally arrived! 
 just made up a fresh batch of guacamole for dinner. my mouth is watering while it chills along with a couple choice bottles of beer ;)
 New blog post: Time for an update 
 New blog post: Dateline Episode on Poverty in the U.S. 
 Just watched  story on poverty in southeast Ohio...sad & frustrating depictions. I wish some harder follow-up questions were asked.
 back from a quick trip to the cabin; hung out w/ my brother & his friends, visited a couple bars, did some fishing. Now visiting w/ in-laws.
 Shots at mulligans 
 Attempting to will the real estate market to match my expectations...  keeps trying to assure me that it doesn't work that way.
 Going through the house and separating things into goodwill, craigslist, and ebay piles. My junk is someone else's treasure, right??
  that was a good movie!
 watching This Old House...I wish a TV crew would come to my house & do all the work while I go out & learn about historic houses in my area.
 Just drove by a road crew tearing out a sidewalk they just recently put in. And people say Michigan doesn't have money for roads repairs...
 halfway through 2nd painting project in the house; color is nice considering we bought 3 gallons of mis-tinted Benjamin Moore paint for $20.
 Prepping for staff meeting...and remembering fondly the time away last week. I think I'd still like to be in the woods.
 Received a  postcard from Taiwan - 
 Heading to Oscoda for a day on the river with friends. Great Michigan summer day. 
 Had to take some trash to the dump after a couple days of cleaning the cabin & garage. Not a nice place to visit on a 90 degree day!!
 Hope everyone has an enjoyable 4th of July with friends & family! I'm looking forward to heading north for a while to "unplug."
 Taking Bailey to the vet for some routine maintenance...how he loves his nails clipped. Then a long day of chores ahead.
 Working "remotely" outside of the  Eberhard Center on the river. Perfect Michigan summer day! 
 Apparently the thursday before a holiday weekend is a bad time to get a haircut...finally found a Jude's Barbershop that had an opening.
 Received a  postcard from Russia - 
 Received a  postcard from Brazil - 
 It's so easy to get to the office when all the lights are flashing yellow. Unfortunately I dumped half a cup of coffee in my lap on the way.
 Picking up my sisters after they had car issues (no brakes); now waiting for a tow truck & then they'll probably want a ride home too...
 boredom is a great motivator to complete house projects. Sand/gravel spread, trim installed/stained, floor tile installed & house cleaned!
 Picked up & spread a couple tons of sand & gravel this morning; now home to finish a floor tile project.
 iphone going to Verizon? Even google news is torn...
 meeting with the  Curriculum Committee to show off recent updates to their system. Has been a long time coming; big updates are coming!
  always remember hearing the German version I think...
 how very random...I just had the strange desire to listen to Nena's "99 Luftballons." 
 Arrived back to my office to find this on my chair...just documenting in case it is explosive ;) 
 During my post-wakeup haze I was convinced today was Friday; words can't convey my general disappointment upon realizing it's Thursday.
 At the Greenwell for dinner with friends. Bring on some pad thai...
 Writing a  postcard to Russia through 
 Writing a  postcard to China through 
 Received a  postcard from Finland - 
 Watching the Michigan Dem. gubernatorial debate on  Would love to hear their thoughts on higher ed spending while there at 
 New blog post: Satirical look at the BP Oil Spill 
 out to dinner in Muskegon w/ Holly, my mom & my sister. There are so many loud kids...I'd like to see if I can take my food to the car.
 Going to pick up an industrial sized wood chipper from the rental center to finish cleaning up an enourmous brush pile.
 Random...there is an un-manned jet ski floating down the Grand River by the JW Marriott. See pic. 
  still in discussion stages at this point...we have a unique environment that makes new ventures like this more interesting...
 I can't really say that I like soccer that much...but I'm enjoying watching/listening to the game online. Too bad USA is losing at the half.
 Happy the weekend is here; it's a welcomed break from this week's generally hectic pace. On deck today:  PCI & Source Control meetings!
 Enjoying a nice night on patio at Blue Water Grill listening to live music and drinking good beer.
 Working in the  Kirkhof Theater room while watching world cup soccer before my next meeting. Found  there doing the same. ;)
 long nights painting, cleaning & finishing projects make for rough mornings; all this hard work better help  sell our house fast
 New blog post: Keg Cooler 
 At lunch w/  &  Eating mexican food while watching jerry springer with the audio muted. Good times.
 Curious...AT&T charges less for the unlimited family calling plan than they do for the 3000 minutes plan: 
 Received a  postcard from Spain - 
 Just sold the utilility trailer I bought a couple weeks ago...it is someone else's treasure now. Now to find a nicer one for me...
 I need to add some new music to my library...anyone have any suggestions?
 Heading to  Allendale campus for an admissions meeting. Looking forward to unveiling updates for their site soon!
 saw Doubt at the Grand Rapids Civic Theater; great show, you should definitely see it if you have a chance. Thanks  for tickets!
 made it to ColdFusion users group meeting on the Michigan State campus...couldn't have done it without  mad navigation skills.
 Received a nice letter from  President Haas congratulating me on my 5 yr anniversary. Crazy...but time flies when you're having fun!
 The  webteam is hiring! Know an amazing developer looking for a fun & unique place to work? Send them here for more info: bit.ly/9Qsp5R
 looking forward to pre-ordering the new iphone on June 15...sad to leave Verizon, but just can't hold out any longer.
 I think it is funny that Michigan State University is selling comic books on their surplus store... See listing here: 
 Off to run a couple errands over lunch, but may just sit outside after seeing how nice the weather is.
 oh  must you be down right now? I just finished Weeds Season 5 and really need to add Season 6 to my streaming queue ASAP.
 making a materials list for my portable ice-cooled kegerator. so far it includes plastic drums of varying sizes and lots of insulation.
 Finding parking at the wharton center. Here to see phantom of the opera with Holly,  and his mom. MSU Campus is a labyrinth!
 Writing a  postcard to Germany through 
 Saw this watchtower mag w/ cover story: God's view of alcohol. Must be OK, Jesus turned water to wine. 
 New blog post: Oracle String Concatenation from Sub Query 
 I don't know who will grow more frustrated with me during the home building process...my wife, or the builder. I can't help that I am picky!
