 Introduced legislation to prioritize military and seniors if debt ceiling agreement isn’t reached.  HR 2605.   
 House takes action on bill to cut spending now and make long-term changes to how Washington spends tax dollars. 
 Signed Cut, Cap and Balance pledge to control  and call for passage of a Balanced Budget Amendment. 
 Sign up for my email newsletter to receive updates on my work in Congress. Sign-up form available here:  
 A great honor for a great community:  
 As  limit discussions continue, Iowans know that it's simply irresponsible to continue borrowing after maxing out your credit card.
 9.2% unemployment more proof that stimulus spending binge isn't working. I'm ready to work with my colleagues in Congress to create 
 Main Street businesses still feeling pain and uncertainty of the downturn. Time for real plan to create  
 My thoughts on protecting  from bankruptcy:  
 My email newsletter is a great way to keep up with my work in Congress.  Click the link to sign up:  
 I'll be joining Jan Mickelson in the WHO Radio studio at 10 a.m today. Please listen in if you're near a radio.
 Thank you to all the Iowans who participated in my seniors telephone town hall this morning. 75% said no to  cuts in new hc law.
 Tapping oil reserve is ill-advised. Reserve is meant for use in emergencies and no substitute for real energy policy.  
 I was able to get an assessment of the flooding tragedy in Hamburg and SW Iowa today along with Sen. Grassley. Ple 
 Terrific discussion today about how we can create  opportunities for troops returning from deployments. 
 From my jobs panel this morning for Guard and Reserve members returning from deployments. Great discussion! 
 This is why I'm hosting a discussion with area employers on hiring returning soldiers this morning:  
 Tomorrow, I'll work with Iowa employers to hire soldiers returning from deployments. Learn more here:  
 I introduced HR 2188 to reduce waste in the federal government and save taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars. 
 Prayers continue to be with Hamburg and communities along the Missouri River. For flood updates, IA Homeland Security: 
 I’m introducing legislation tonight to cut waste in every sector of the federal government. More:  
 Report identifies huge overlap in federal bureaucracy, making case for LESS Government Act I'm introducing soon 
 Announcement this weekend on plan to cut waste. Sign up for newsletter for more:  
 With Korean Amb. Han Duk-soo at World Pork Expo. Time to approve free trade agreement to create Iowa  
 Many recent federal policies have added uncertainty and prolonged the downturn in rural Iowa. Time for a new direction.
 Excited for a visit to the World Pork Expo in Des Moines today.
 Pending  mean more jobs for Iowa's economy:  
 This is the thanks American taxpayers get for bailing out GM. A ridiculous call for more gas taxes during a recession: 
 45% of unemployed have been jobless for at least 6 months, more than during Great Depression. Time for new  plan 
 Important issues for rural economies: 
 Great discussion this morning at the Rural Telecom Forum in West Des Moines. 
 Looking forward to a full week of meetings with Iowans during the congressional district work period. Can't wait to get started.
 Working with local employers to hire Guard and Reserve members returning from deployments.  
 Debt limit debate an opportunity for the American people to make a stand: 
  Hard economic times persist.  We need real solutions that help American families grow our economy and job market.
 If you max out credit card, the worst thing you can do is keep borrowing: 
 Keeping Iowans & others from states along the Missouri River in our thoughts & prayers as they continue to prepare for-& deal with-flooding.
 Raising the debt ceiling without real spending reforms is a symbol of what’s wrong with Washington. I will vote NO on another blank check.
 Today is a day of reflection, commemoration, honor & celebration of all American heroes who have given their lives & sacrificed for Freedom.
 Increase in fuel prices slowing economic recovery in Midwest. More: 
 Time for a national energy policy. No more excuses.  
 Sign up for my newsletter to keep up with my work in the U.S. House. 
 Fantastic meetings this week with the Des Moines Partnership.
 Received the Guardian of Seniors' Rights Award in recognition of my legislative work for seniors. 
 Happy National Nurses Day! Take a moment to recognize the contributions nurses make to the health of our country.
 Excited to serve on a congressional task force for energy issues. 
 Taken yesterday with a group from Garner-Hayfield Middle School. 
 Wrote  Day cards today for Meals on Wheels to deliver. 
 The reign of a ruthless killer brought to an end. Full statement: 
 On this night of historic news may God bless the victims of 9/11 and may God continue to bless the United States and freedom’s cause.
 Great day Fri with Ames Chamber lunch and welcome home ceremony for the 875th Replacement Company in Fort Dodge.
 Gov. Branstad speaking during the Iowa Youth Leadership Summit today.  
 Iowa Football Coach Kirk Ferentz joined the Youth Leadership Summit via Skype. 
 Looking forward to the 2011 Iowa Youth Leadership Summit in Ames today.
 Claims that the House-passed 2012 budget ends Medicare don't hold water: 
 Time's running out for students to register for 2011 Iowa youth Leadership Summit. More:  
 A wake-up call on national debt:  
 With passage of budget today, the House took an important step toward ending the status quo of outrageous taxing, spending and borrowing.
 Raising taxes on anyone right now will put us in a deeper hole.  The government doesn’t have a revenue problem. It has a spending problem.
 Introduced bipartisan legislation with  to help hearing impaired Americans get hearing aids. HR 1479.
 My annual service academy day set for April 20 in Fort Dodge. More info:  
 Pleased with agreement to avert a shutdown, make historic cuts to government spending and fund our troops without interruption
 My thoughts hours before a potential government shutdown:  
 Info to help Iowans prepare for possible government shutdown: 
 My floor speech today to avoid a shutdown, cut spending and fund our troops: 
 If you'd like to receive my email updates, please fill out the form here:  
 Had a wonderful visit today with Jack Sanders, an Ames HS student in the congressional page program on Capitol Hil 
 Introduced legislation to make sure National Guard members receive the full retirement benefits they've earned while deployed. HR 1283.
 Fascinating live footage from a  nest near   
 Taken yesterday with Lake Mills Middle School group.  Great to meet them! 
 Trouble with a federal agnecy? Visit our traveling help desk. April schedule: 
 Federal regulation destorying jobs and jeopardizing the American Dream:  
 From the signing ceremony today for the Norman Borlaug statue. 
 Honored to attend signing ceremony for resolution to install a statue of Norman Borlaug in US Capitol. A fitting honor for a great Iowan.
 High school students in Iowa's 4th District, rsvp for my Youth Leadership Summit on April 28: 
 Happy St Patrick's Day! Photo taken during luncheon with Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny. 
 Sent a card to Max Low, a 12-year-old in Neola battling cancer. If you'd like to brighten his day, send a card to Box 111 Neola, IA 51559
 2011 Youth Leadership Summit April 28 in Ames. High school students in 4th district can rsvp: 
 Signed on to legislation to allow all citizens to opt out of burdensome features of the new health care law, including individual mandate.
 Take a look at my YouTube channel.  Video topics include spending cuts, health care and more: 
 Just voted to repeal misguided  reporting rule, making it easier for small and independent businesses to create jobs.
 From this morning's Boy Scout breakfast in Marshalltown.   
 Had a wonderful time at the Boy Scout breakfast in Marshalltown this morning.
 Recent vlog discusses federal spending and White House budget request. 
 Spending bill passed by House a huge step toward fiscal responsibility:  
 On Jan Mickelson's radio show in a few minutes to talk about spending cuts.  Please listen in if you're near a radio.
 The White House budget request doubles down on the same massive spending policies that have driven our nation’s debt to record heights.
 Taken today while putting together USO care packages for women serving in the armed services. 
 Just stuffed some care packages for female soldiers for  . Always great working with USO to support the troops.
 Wonderful visit with students at Manson NW Webster Elementary in Barnum this morning.
 Taken during my remarks after receiving Reserve Officers Association's Minuteman Award. 
 New video available on  Minuteman Award: 
 Honored to receive the Reserve Officers Association's Minuteman of the Year. The Guard and Reserve deserve the best benefits we can give.
 The entire Iowa congressional delegation with Staff Sgt. Giunta at today's Capitol Hill.  
 Terrific ceremony for Staff Sgt. Salvatore Giunta in the Capitol Visitors Center today. An honor and privilege to take part in it.
 H. Res. 49, the "Staff Sergeant Salvatore A. Giunta Medal of Honor Flag Resolution," just received the approval of the U.S. House.
 Video of my remarks in favor of the Staff Sergeant Giunta Medal of Honor Res. 
 On way to House chamber to be floor manager for the Staff Sergeant Salvatore A. Giunta Medal of Honor Flag Resolution. H. Res. 49. 
 Will be managing a resolution on the House floor today to honor Medal of Honor recipients. H Res 49 gives recipients capitol-flown flags.
 Trouble with a federal agency?  February Help Desk schedule now posted:  
 New video explaining my health care bill: 
 My new legislation, HR 364, would repeal health bill and replace with common-sense reforms to lower premiums and expand access. 
 My floor speech today on repeal of health care bill:   
 Just voted in favor of repeal of the health care reform law  
 New health care law discourages job growth, grows government and raises premiums for millions. Time for a different approach.  
 Will be joining Jan Mickelson at the start of his show this morning to talk health care.
 I look forward to the day when Rep. Giffords rejoins the House.  Until then, we can strive toward the lofty standard she has set.
 Rep. Giffords, her staff and family are in our prayers. Full statement: 
 From my ceremonial swearing in yesterday with my wife and Speaker Boehner.   
 New video on my thoughts during opening day of 112th Congress:  
 The House went into session today with a humbled and renewed sense of purpose and a commitment to listening to the people.
 First day of 112th Congress! Votes to decide new speaker and swearing-in ceremony scheduled today.
 Just finished interview with WHO Radio.  Listen in to hear my thoughts on health care and the 112th Congress, which kicks off tomorrow.
 January Congressional Report on history of U.S. Capitol now available.  
 Please sign up for my e-mail newsletter to get news on my work in Congress. 
 My staff is available across Iowa's 4th District to answer your questions. 
 Going on WHO's Big Show around 12:40 central time to discuss the tax bill.  Please listen in.
 Saddened by the passing of Bob Feller. A native Iowan, a baseball legend, and a true patriot. 
 My Washington office is looking for interns for 2011.  Learn more: 
 Please have a look at my YouTube Channel to find out what I'm working on in Congress.  
 About to film January's Congressional Report.  It will focus on the transition from the 111th Congress to the 112th. Available Jan. 1.
 New Congressional Report on how we can support our troops.  
 Signed on as cosponsor of HR 6403 to rescind the authority of the government to spend remaining stimulus dollars.
 Latest Congressional Report focuses on small bus and jobs:  
 Will receive minuteman award for my work on behalf of Guard & Reservists. 
 Oct episode of the Congressional Report focuses on taxes with Rep. Dave Camp: 
 A bill I co-authored to give vet status to Guard retirees passed today: 
 New video of Fort Dodge WWII honor flight this weekend.  Please take a look:  
 Pledge to America contains solutions that can be enacted right now to create jobs and stop out-of-control spending.  
 Just met a group of WWII veterans from NE Iowa at the WWII Memorial in DC. A wonderful group of patriots, and a pleasure to meet them.
 Sept episode of Congressional Report focuses on National Guard and Reserve. 
 Time to open up the books at the Federal Reserve. 
 Just greeted an honor flight of Iowa WWII veterans at the WWII memorial.  It was an honor to meet them and thank them for their service.
 Leaders in Congress and White House quit listening. Time to speak out.  
 America is speaking out. It's time for Washington to listen. 
 Congress isn't doing enough to focus on jobs. Please watch my video: 
 Will talk jobs and economy with Jan Mickelson on WHO Radio at 9:40 a.m. Iowa time.
 I'll be on Fox Business in 40 minutes to talk health care and respond to president's speech in Iowa City.
 If you're near a radio, I'll be on WHO Radio's Big Show to talk about health care in 10 minutes.
 About to appear live on KCRG-TV to talk health care vote.
 Talking health care with Jan Mickelson now.  Please tune in.
 About to go on the air with Jan Mickelson on WHO.
 Discussed Toyota recall with Transportation Sec. LaHood today.  
 The federal government burns through the amount that would be saved in the first year of the president's spending freeze in about one day.
 Signed a letter today urging Depts. of Homeland Security and State to expedite adoption of Haitian children by U.S. families.
 The Massachusetts Senate election is a wake-up call that proves the Dem leadership's agenda is out of step with America.
 National unemployment  holds steady at 10 percent. 85k jobs lost in December. Stimulus and big spending failing to create jobs.
 Will be speaking with Jan Mickelson momentarily.  Focusing on keeping GITMO detainees out of the Midwest.
 On the House floor, gearing up for debate on the health care bill.
 Will be discussing health care with Ken Root on the Big Show at 12:45 Iowa time.
 About to speak on WHO Radio about the health care debate.
 Just told my colleagues on the floor of the House that the new Democrat health care bill isn't the cost-saving measure Americans want.
 Preparing to listen to German Chancellor Angela Merkel address a joint session of Congress.
 On the air on 600 WMT discussing stimulus spending.
 AP: Health care bill far exceeds original cost predictions. 
 Just gave speech on the floor of the House regarding the ag approps conference report.
 On Fox News today at 3:05 p.m. Iowa time to talk about Iran.  Please tune in.
 Going to the House floor to honor Norman Borlaug.
 Co-sponsoring resolution to require 72 hours between introduction of a bill and beginning of debate to allow public to weigh in on bills.
 About to do my weekly on-air interview with KWMT.
 Signed on to legislation to stop federal tax dollars from going to ACORN.
 Just went on the Big Show to discuss the incredible accomplishments of Norman Borlaug, cap-and-trade and health care. Now on to Iowa.
 Newly released analysis from Treasury Dept concludes cap-and-trade could cost taxpayers up to $200 billion a year, according to CBS News.
 Honoring the life and work of Norman Borlaug. His fight against hunger will continue to improve lives around the globe for generations.
 Health care reform will touch the lives of every American, and we must start over and work together to achieve a bipartisan solution.
 The new bioscience building at Iowa Central Community College in Fort Dodge is truly an impressive facility.  Enjoyed my tour last night.
 Town hall meeting in Waukee this morning.  I'm looking forward to the discussion.
 OMB projects unsustainable $9 trillion deficit over 10 years. My take: 
 In Rockwell City and Fort Dodge today for town halls.
 Finished public meetings in Mason City and Emmetsburg. Schedule at 
 Looking forward to town hall meeting in Estherville this afternoon.
 Great day at the Iowa State Fair.  Pork chops, butter cow and plenty of fun.  An incredible Iowa institution.
 About to go live in a few minutes with Jan Mickelson at state fair.  Listen in online 
 Enjoyed the spirited town meetings yesterday. Today at the State Fair - listen in when I visit Jan Mickelson and the Big Show on WHO Radio.
 Six months after stimulus, and still wondering where the jobs are. 
 Remembering and honoring the life and work of Eunice Kennedy Shriver as an advocate for the rights of the disabled.
 Pledged not to vote for any health care bill I haven't read and hasn't been available to the public for 72 hours.
 Congratulations to U.S. Air Force Lt. Col. Michael Kardoes, originally of Titonka, on his promotion.
 Just got off the floor of the House discussing the Highway Trust Fund.
 On Mac's World Live Right now.  Listen in at their Web site:  www.macworldlive.com.
 Truly enjoyed my conversations with Iowans during the six town hall meetings I hosted this week.
 Town halls in Huxley at 9 a.m. and Jefferson at noon today.
 Getting ready for town hall meetings in Iowa Falls and Hampton this afternoon.
 Talking with Mickelson now.
 About to talk cap-and-trade with Jan Mickelson on the WHO airwaves.
 Proposing amendment pressing VA to develop post-traumatic stress hot line for veterans.
 An EPA proposal forcing farmers to report emissions from manure management will drive up costs with no environmental benefit.
 An EPA proposal forcing farmers to report emissions from from manure management will drive up costs with no environmental benefit.
 On WHO's Big Show now to discuss federal agricultural policies.
 Congressman John McHugh is a great American and a smart choice for Secretary of the Army.
 "I was not briefed on what was in the briefing, I was just informed" 
 How has Obama done in the first 100 days?  Take my survey: 
 Pick up your phone tonight - it could be me calling. Looking forward to talking to 50,000 Iowans during my telephone townhall.  
 Happy(?) Debt Day Sunday! That didn’t take long, did it? 
 Welcome President Obama to Iowa where Earth Day is celebrated everyday.  
 I'm grateful for the nursing award I received this week.  
 Calling for fiscal discipline on the eve of Tax Day:  
 Do you think it is right for the federal government to fire heads of private companies?  
 My energy blog post for "The Hill"  
 The dangers of an overreaching federal government:  
 My op-ed on the role of community colleges in a faltering economy: 
 Renewing the push for a comprehensive energy plan.  
 Another great Iowa story to be very proud of!  
 New legislation to equip a green workforce for the future.  
 Please sign up for my e-newsletter at latham.house.gov if you'd like all the latest on my work representing Iowa's 4th district in Congress.
 Please take a moment to read my thoughts on the AIG disgrace:  
 introduced legislation to alleviate the nursing shortage. 
 Rural states like Iowa are very aware of the nation's nursing shortage -   
 Rep. McHugh & I discuss our recent visit to Iraq & Afghanistan on The Congressional Report: 
 While there are issues where I disagree with Prime Minister Gordon Brown - I still appreciate his willingness to share his views today.
 I applaud the president’s commitment to bipartisanship. But speeches & rhetoric mean little if congressional leaders don’t share that spirit
 Pelosi, Reid have "failed," the bipartisanship test on stimulus Democrat Rep. Shuler says: 
 We have concluded our two-day visit to Afghanistan - on our way home soon!
 While in Iraq I am seeing the remarkable progress of our troops. 
 I am working to lower gas prices and seeking relief for all the Iowans who have been affected by the recent flooding.
 is turning 60!
 is working to help Iowans as they contend with all of the flooding throughout the state.
 I am working hard for the good people of Iowa's 4th Congressional District!
 Two years and counting - where is the plan?
 The many gifts of freedom we enjoy today are due to our uniformed men and women serving throughout the world past and present.
 Majority of lower-income Americans will pay more in taxes under Dem plan - 
 Introduced legislation to prioritize military and seniors if debt ceiling agreement isn’t reached.  HR 2605.   
 House takes action on bill to cut spending now and make long-term changes to how Washington spends tax dollars. 
 Signed Cut, Cap and Balance pledge to control  and call for passage of a Balanced Budget Amendment. 
 Sign up for my email newsletter to receive updates on my work in Congress. Sign-up form available here:  
 A great honor for a great community:  
 As  limit discussions continue, Iowans know that it's simply irresponsible to continue borrowing after maxing out your credit card.
 9.2% unemployment more proof that stimulus spending binge isn't working. I'm ready to work with my colleagues in Congress to create 
 Main Street businesses still feeling pain and uncertainty of the downturn. Time for real plan to create  
 My thoughts on protecting  from bankruptcy:  
 My email newsletter is a great way to keep up with my work in Congress.  Click the link to sign up:  
 I'll be joining Jan Mickelson in the WHO Radio studio at 10 a.m today. Please listen in if you're near a radio.
 Thank you to all the Iowans who participated in my seniors telephone town hall this morning. 75% said no to  cuts in new hc law.
 Tapping oil reserve is ill-advised. Reserve is meant for use in emergencies and no substitute for real energy policy.  
 I was able to get an assessment of the flooding tragedy in Hamburg and SW Iowa today along with Sen. Grassley. Ple 
 Terrific discussion today about how we can create  opportunities for troops returning from deployments. 
 From my jobs panel this morning for Guard and Reserve members returning from deployments. Great discussion! 
 This is why I'm hosting a discussion with area employers on hiring returning soldiers this morning:  
 Tomorrow, I'll work with Iowa employers to hire soldiers returning from deployments. Learn more here:  
 I introduced HR 2188 to reduce waste in the federal government and save taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars. 
 Prayers continue to be with Hamburg and communities along the Missouri River. For flood updates, IA Homeland Security: 
