 You Already Have a Community…are You Missing the Opportunity?  blog post  by  
 It looks fabulous! RT  Photo: I’m not about to win any cake decorating classes… 
 . I appreciate reading your  tweets.  It's nice seeing the city through your eyes.
 . when I first heard, I thought of you and your family, then my visit to  cc  
 . I learned from  that there's a skype service option from AT&T.  Know more? HT 
 RT  I have a friend who has an immediate need for someone with SDL Tridian experience. Anyone know anyone?
  thanks. I will look
  I did not know that!   Do I just go to their page for that?   I need to call tech support for a buzzing line.
 Sigh, I've been on hold with AT&T for over an hour now.  Spent 45 on hold last night but had to hang up.
 .  those were great directions. Thanks for the fun  evening.
 Fun evening in the park. ( Zilker Park - Blues on the Green. w/ 88 others) 
  yep, that's worse. 
 It bothers me when I'm on hold with a phone/internet/cable service because I'm having issues and I am forced to listen to a series of ads.
  good one... 
 Thanks! Didn't want to find out the hard way.  RT   yes, into a private folder. you can turn that option off though.
 If you use the google+ app for iPhone, do all your iPhone photos get sucked in to G+?
  we're here.
  I am just learning how to use this newfangled technology.
  next week
  makes me feel a little better
 Yep. I just sent a tweet to myself.
 At  now     
 . Remember how the Bruins one the Stanley Cup?  You were there for that.  That was awesome. Another 
 RT  Looking forward to hearing   Learn Proven Ways of Leveraging Communities 6pm, 7/21  
  that's awesome.  I do, sometimes do that, but I try not to on Twitter.  cc 
 Think Before you Speak!  thoughts on why MySpace failed & why it's not Twitter or FB: 
 “ Solid crew RT   friend       
  we would be happy to send them to you.
 It's a little warm in Austin today.  
 We all receive unwanted customer feedback. Our reaction defines the outcome.  has 5 tips 
 If your name is Adam, it's probably ok. RT  Gotta love e-mails that are addressed to "Dear Adam"
 RT  Learn to Leverage Online Communities from Karla Bousquet & Robert Howie, 7/21, UK Consulate:  
  Also, I'm very intrigued and am hoping Google+ gives FB a run for its $.  Competition in this space is good for the consumer. You?
  I hear that Google+ is much better than FB at managing groups but I'm not sure how privacy works so waiting and reading up.
 .  Oh, I'm not saying Twitter doesn't fail ALL THE TIME, I just don't go to the web page to see the whale.
 Saw the twitter fail whale for the first time in maybe a year.  I miss the artwork but not twitter being down.
 RT  Director, Online Community Management - Fidelity Investments - Smithfield, RI, US (Providence, RI) 
     good seeing you tonight!
 Ha!  She is kind of awesome! RT   He makes me jealous, just being himself. I want audrey here BTW :)
  haha!  I'm sure you just acquired 10 more of each by tweeting about them ;-)
 Also lots of people who offer dating advice are now following me.  You're barking up the wrong tree.
  you're making me very jealous with all the beach activity.
 Thanks!  Glad you did.  RT   thanks for the follow. I enjoyed your panels at SXSWi this year.
 At least Ninja doesn't imply that the person may live on the street.  RT   Did junkie replace ninja?
 I am following back twitter followers after a long period of not checking.  I guess "junkie" is the new catch-word for bios.
 Ditto! RT  Happy, happy birthday Mr. Pacific!  And love to you all 
 Knowing the panelists, this event will be good. The Future of Marketing is Collaborative Community - 7/21:  
 RT  We're hiring! RT  Looking for an experienced product marketer to join the  team.
 He doesn't follow me yet he sends me a DM that says, "check out my blog. You're in it." Probably not.
  ;-)
  You're correct.  Coaching kids soccer may be an inappropriate time to wear a  t-shirt. cc 
   thanks. It was interesting trying to get it while driving.  Had to take like 30 (JK!) 
 Is there ever a wrong time to wear my  tee,  &   
  Thanks Matt.  I'll take another look at my options.
  I was afraid that was the answer.  Thanks.
 So, I just went to join Google+ & it's telling me I have to import m Picasa photos.  Any way around this?  Can I decouple once I've joined?
  Bob Ross did have one of the best ever.
 yes, that was who I was trying to think of.  Thanks.  RT   his name was Bob Ross 
  thanks Omar.  Bob Ross is who I was trying to remember.  Of course, now I don't remember why.
  Yep.  Bob Ross was who I was trying to remember.  Thanks!
 Thank you!  RT   that would be Bob Ross.  
 Who's the guy who used to have a show on PBS, teaching us how to paint.  He had a white-man's 'fro.
 Not with  but not coincidental that we're both here on the same day. ( Kane's Donuts) 
 . you might find this blog post I wrote on lurkers helpful:  cc    
 .  Our cat flew to Texas with us.  We had no issues.  He was as quiet as a mouse.
 of course. I am excited for both you and   “  thanks sister!”
 RT  . & I got final word that Location-Based Marketing for Dummies will be avail. on 8/15 - 
 RT  Leveraging Soc Med: key areas  s must focus on to extract value from the social web by  
  My expectations are generally too high.  I am working on that...
  you would think since rental car companies do lots of car cleaning, they would have solved that challenge.
 Oh, the memories! RT  My fav places on  ★  Boudin King, Café Du Monde, Eat New Orleans... ★ 
 . On the inside of the windshield and while it’s possibly overspray, they make sure to wipe it all over the windshield. :-\
 hahaha yep!  hahaha RT   me = youngest of 4. Two bros and a sis. I got a lot of the "stop hitting yourself." :-/
  yep, I've had enough punches for one lifetime   I try to avoid them now.
  it's a bit ironic, Austin not having better radio given its deserved slogan...
  The salt from the ocean doesn't help.  It clings to the grease.
  Good plan.  This guy was surprisingly adept at figuring things out.
  Oh, I like KGSR but overall, Boston has more variety and many more options.
  Yes.  They're always filthy no matter the rental company.  When I attempt to wipe it down, it just moves the grease around.
 In the Boston/Austin comparisons, I will concede one thing to Boston. While I love BobFM, Boston has a better selection of radio stations.
 I swear, every rental car company in Boston "washes" the front windshield with armor all.
 I am pretty sure the guy next to me had never flown before. It is always interesting to see how people behave in that type of situation.
 30 Social Media Stats for the C-Suite  via  ht 
 RT  Seeking a job in social media?  See right nav on my blog to see who's hiring 
 Agreed “  or, as I call them- the states w/ busy wedding photographers. Capitalism and equality work well together.”
 thank you! “  "Massachusetts, Connecticut, Vermont, New Hampshire and Iowa, as well as Washington, D.C."
 Friends and I are trying to figure out which states currently allow gay marriage. We know MA, NY. Others? (marriage not civil unions)
 On my way to NO!! ( Boudin King) 
 Interesting article about where Austin water is sourced and who else uses that water source.  
 RT  My neighbor is picking up my  book orders on her   anyone else have this issue?   
 RT  bin laden, the stanley cup, now whitey!?!?!? this is some year! 
 . Oh, maybe you've discovered a secondary advantage to this new option. (re: making purchases w/your smartphone at local merchants)
 This is interesting data on tweets/posts. Science of Social Media Timing | Adverblog 
 RT  Austin is going to be a test market next year for making purchases w/your smartphone at local merchants: 
 A reminder to most: Trust: Is it pervasive in your customer interactions? New blog post: 
 <like> RT  Meet Sam! The latest face on I Live Here: Austin!   
 great seeing        and  last night.  Go 
 thanks  cc  
 RT  I need a Drupal Themer. Let me know if you know anyone or are anyone.
 My favorite  blogger RT  Member Paul Ingevaldson argues that Charging out IT Expenses is A Bad Idea 
  works for me.  See you tomorrow.
 Sorry, I missed this!  Happy to do whatever.  RT   Wanna try the Tavern?  
 Not everyone, but most.  Especially if they haven't been on twitter for long & don't have more than 10K tweets  
 me too RT   is suspect of anyone who follows more than 10K people. Says he prefers "micro-tweeps". 
 .  is quoted in this  article about the   CIOs deserve a place at the top table
 . Of course. I didn't forget  I hope he can come tomorrow to watch the  clinch the cup. cc 
 Reading!  RT  Meet David, the latest face on I Live Here: Austin!   
  RT  Ok, we need another  get-together for the big finish! Who's in?
 What questions do you need to consider as you build your executive advisory community?  ht 
 RT  In case you missed it on Friday, here's Addie's  story!  
  I suspect someone will do that sooner or later. Probably sooner.
 hahaha. Cc  “  it's a Cirque du Soleil show featuring his music. MJ is still, um, resting.”
  Kind of figured there was a good explanation but the tweet was funny.
 How is this possible? RT  Tickets to Michael Jackson THE IMMORTAL World Tour  ... 
 Yay thanks! RT   My very awesome friends on    and   
  belated response to your question: Things are great in Austin.  Thanks for asking.  Happy weekend!
 Awesome post! RT  Meet Addie, the Latest Face on I Live Here: Austin!   
  I wasn't a loyal follower and wikipedia told me nothing useful.
  there was the hook then the tap dancing clown right?
 Picturing that. Funny. RT   Great, you can work the old-time cane that yanks us off stage.  
   I'll be there.
 RT  HA! “ No. The Yankees bite, but they don't bit YOU. RT  Are the Canucks the new Yankees? 
 . I can't wait to read   post! When is it going to be published?
  what happened?  What broke?
 hey  did you get to see  at   tonight?
 RT  Support Austin musician  2011  Blues on the Green FREE concert series at Zilker Park. TONIGHT 7:30 pm!
  Congratulations on your new gig! That's great news.
 Agreed! RT   ... there's no harm in having the option. :)
   You'll have no argument from me on that point.
  I like it.  It would be too much for  but I help manage other accounts where it's VERY useful.
  agreed -- it was defaulted to "off" on my  account and "on" for  Very useful there.
  are you implying that "girl" is an insult?  Sometimes context is lost in twitter.  
 I know some have complained about the "so and so mentioned you" emails twitter is sending, but I like the option.
 We're likely related.  RT  The Strouts are everywhere   
 RT   blog discussion debating the CIO role in educating C-suite leaders on the value of IT.  Weigh in - 
  We're in South Austin.  Didn't do much more than wet the ground but it was definitely rain.
 Am I the only Austinite caught off-guard by this rain?
  blurgh.  Sorry!
  Try reverting back to an earlier date.
 “ From  area? Join us game 2         
  the day isn't over yet!
   I would not have a problem eating any of them
  Maybe a tiny bit facetious.  Though I have wanted a doughnut all day.
 Woohoo! I just got Gwazdoskied :)         
  I prefer the powdered ones but if someone handed me a hostess chocolate doughnut right now, I might not tun it down.
 I don't know why, but all day, I have been in the mood for a doughnut.  So odd...
  maybe some time  and I will make it up for a  at the Summer Shack.  I wouldn't be mad at that.
 RT  Hey  folks! Join  & me to watch the  take Vancouver to town! on.fb.me/m1qx8R
 . I get the AHS newsletter so I saw the news about the 150 rescues.
 Re-tweeting in hopes to increase my social currency. RT  FYI, the term "social currency" is misguided and overused.
 Hey,  I just watched this amazing video of your efforts for the Austin Humane Society!  
  Hope you can join  and me for a   game 6/4: 
 RT  bahahaha RT  After passing extreme immigration law, Georgia now faces farm labor shortage. 
 Hey, Austin! What are you doing on Saturday night? Are you watching the  Watch it with us at 3rd base: 
 RT  Job Alert, Pls RT: Social media mgr at BMC Software. location Houston, Austin. info:  job no. 12654
 .    Hope you can join  and me for a   game 6/4: 
  Possibly, or that it's a formatted email?  I just sent it a few minutes ago...
 YES! RT  I think a great excuse for our next  get together would be 4 the Stanley Cup finals! Game 2 on 6/4?
  sounds like a good plan.
 you should definitely write a post!  RT   No you have not bugged me about 
 You should write an  post! RT  Reason no.453 that I love Austin- you run into all the finest people whilst out and about!
 she looks mad! RT   she was none too pleased when she found out zoeythecat was taken 
  wouldn't she just follow on with zoeylenore?
 I wonder how long it will be before I stop trying to use  when I'm trying to mention 
 .  Can't wait to read your   post   (cc 
 Let me know what you learn.  Tried Phoenicia?  RT  Austin foodies...I need a great Greek food place. STAT!
  meet   
 RT  (client): Center Event: Value of social media & unstructured data. Join  s from DelMonte & FedEx 
 Hey  strange, I wasn't following you.  Sorry about that.  When's the next   cc 
 Link doesn't seem to work is it on an intranet? RT   New CIO Leadership blog by Anne Kramer. 
 . I'm looking forward to reading your  story! I'm sure  &  are too.
  maybe it was March and I thought it was May
 HA! You couldn't resist! RT  Delicious. ( Hopdoddy Burger Bar w/ 2 others) [pic]: 
 Gallup: For First Time, Majority of Americans Favor Legal Gay Marriage (53%) 
 "Company culture is the only barrier to entry" for an organization.  from  conversation.
 RT  "Community managers are critical to establishing organizational authenticity because you are the educator & the face" 
  no they did not resolve my issue, though they said they would.  They just kept transferring me.  I emailed you.
  The issue I was having, my bill is due different days each month. which means sometimes I need to pay 2 bills in 1 month! pt3 of 3
  Phone customer service reps at ATT should definitely have easy access to submit customer requests pt2 of 3
  I asked the person on the phone, the manager, if she had a way to forward suggestions/requests to HQ.  She said "no" pt1 of 3
 . Thanks.  I'll remember that for next time.
 When I asked AT&T rep if there was a way to communicate customer requests/suggestions to the org, she said "no".
 Yep, AT&T's customer service is terrible.  Terrible, terrible, terrible. UGH.
 . my neighbor has chickens. If you want to *buy* them, there is  among many options to buy fresh eggs in Austin
 RT  Marketing Can Do More Than React to Innovation; It Can Drive It. Learn How at  Panel, 5/24 
 This photo is my favorite from   photo shoot:  (cc 
  why are you engaging  on Twitter if you don't actually want their help?  This is how twitter can provide Cust Svc, No?
 .  I'm excited to hear that you're working on your  post! I look forward to reading it.  cc 
 . With 2 posts already up, I Live Here Austin is in full-swing!  
 . hey, I like the new avatar.  does seem to live at ABIA. I'm sure he agrees with your assessment: 
 I really like  blogging style.  & 
 Nice job  I agree re ABIA. RT  Meet Noah, the latest face on I Live Here: Austin!  
 RT  Meet Noah, the latest face on I Live Here: Austin!   
 Congrats Len! RT  Congratulations  on becoming  at Yale: 
  liar
 Interesting fact: both my brother and I were born on a Friday the 13th. Different months and years.  (other brother, not 
 Congratulations! Happy for you! RT  I've joined the great team  Looking forward to the challenges ahead!
 RT  This is how badly we need rain: I'm giddy at the though of checking the radar to determine if I can walk to fetch my lunch.
  bob FM
 Yay! Go 
 I did that already. RT  Now that I am officially on board, I would love it if you gave  a follow.
 YES! RT  Hey  We need to go get some  that will make  jealous & inaugurate you to Austin! 
  I saw you sent your  story to 
 Yay!! RT   one more pass and you'll get it tonight or tomorrow. :-)
  I completely agree.  (cc   & thanks for the  panel shout-out.  Glad it's still useful.
 I feel old when I am in here. Why is it so dark? ( Hollister Co. Barton Creek) 
 You inspired me to wear mine today too RT  I'm rocking my "lurker" shirt today. one of my favs. cc:  
  yay!  Welcome home!
  what's the total miles from there to here? 1900?
  ha.  Likely.
  one person?  Sounds like he might like your writing and doesn't know how to express his feelings.
  think of it as a conversation piece. Cc   
  Safe travels, Mike.  It seems like you're making decent time.
  Good news.  Happy you enjoyed your dinner at Parkside.  If you're free next time you're in town, let's meet up.
  isn't the old pecan festival this weekend?
  fun! My faves, Parkside or the Backspace. Others: III Forks for steak, 219 West for bar food, Franks for fun or Lamberts for BBQ
 YAY!!! RT   I'm tightening up my post as we speak. Look out  ! :-P 
  why, thank you!  I think I was thrown by your comment because I've had it up for a while.
  what do you mean?
 . don't rule out  or  either could be a contender for the next  post...
 Congrats! RT  Congrats to  and  on their promotions at the  
 .  I am curious to see who will publish first...   cc 
 Hey,  who's up for the next  post?  
 Wow, drops of water are falling from the sky in Austin!
  I had to look up reductio ad hitlerum.  Thanks to you, I learned something today.
 RT  I'm looking for freelance designers to help with print and interactive work  - drop me a line
 fingers crossed RT  In a blatant provocation of the rain gods, I did not bring an umbrella. Your move, rain. 
 Looking forward to some authentic Chinese food. ( 888 Chinese Restaurant) 
  Thanks for the  shout-out.  Have a great weekend.
  A lot of pressure on me since I was the first. 
  Yes, I really love   You should definitely check it out.
 hi  did you see my  story?  I look forward to reading yours.  
  I look forward to reading your  story.
  Thanks, it's not just a great place to live, it's also a great place to visit. Let me know when you're in town  
 For me too.  RT  ...  's Best Food Blog Awards finalists. Days will be lost reading 'em. Weeks! 
 . post Customer Advisory Boards Listening Required, Action Mandatory applies to all customer relations.  
 Great article by a client. RT  Cracking the Code: Are You the Chicken or the Egg?  
  yes, I do miss the ocean but not the cold.  Though I work in Cambridge so I'm up regularly. cc 
 Agreed RT  There are a LOT of cheaper places to live on earth than Boston -- but for love and family, you do what you do. Period.
 I agree. I don't get it. RT  I do not ever want to view the Flash intro to your site. You're about eight years too late
  has  been here? (SXSW doesn't count).  Family comes first.  Maybe when he goes to college.  Or you can winter here!
 You sound jealous  There's room cc       
 . Now you have some ideas of things to do when you get here. 
  Thanks.  I certainly knew it had to be good since I was first!
          Thanks for th RTs.  I'm looking forward to more  stories!
  awesome.   will be thrilled.
 Those who have been here know why it's so easy to love. Read my I Live Here: Austin post   
 . did you see all of the things you get to look forward to when you move here?    
  you can always move.  As you can tell, I think Austin's a great town! 
  I'd definitely be interested to hear your  story:   cc 
  that wouldn't surprise me a bit. It's an awesome town.
  I read your post on Austin to make sure I didn't miss anything:  -- looking forward to other  posts.
    thanks for the re-tweets on my post!  
 Hi  Read any posts on do’s and don’ts of requiring registration before allowing cmty members to participate?
 Thanks Chuck!  So do I. RT  Love these reasons why  lives in Austin. 
  thanks Jane.  I do like it here.
 and that is why it's going to be awesome.  RT   It will probably have the words cupcake cannon, beer, and dogs in it.
 . it might have been me. Your post is going to rock. Did you read my  post?    (cc 
 Two keys to Customer Advisory Boards: Listening Required, Action Mandatory. Post by  
 P.S.  &  3rd sentence "diametrically opposed" is for the family   
  or  you should start thinking about your I Live Here: Austin post   
 I'm beyond flattered to be the first spotlight for I Live Here: Austin!   
 I also agree.  RT  . take on Empire Avenue. Tend to agree. 
 Is there a shaved ice place on or near Barton Springs road south of the river?
 Hmmm. RT    Have any urls of companies w/ success stories from being a part of  Interactive '11?
  I find the follower: of tweets ratio to be most telling.  For all other ratios, it's contextual e.g. news source vs person.
  Grain of salt though with how many twitter followers.  I always look at follow/following/ of tweet ratios as a better indicator.
  that would be interesting.  Motivation for plain tweeting would be even more interesting.
 Interesting, two (mostly) plain aka blind retweets via    & one contextual rt via  re the  article.
 On a related note (see prior tweet) I like following  b/c she shares quality articles & provides context.
 Interesting   article re stats on link sharing w/ & w/o context & w/ & w/o  influence.  
 Ouch. RT  listening to darius rucker soundcheck .... his chord progressions are the same as "Blossom's Theme"
  yes. We like the great outdoors a lot too.
 You were right  This place is awesome. ( Natural Gardener) 
  you're going to love it.  No more snow!!  Well, no more than 1/4 an inch a year.
 that's funny! “ RT  San Antonio kindly offers to take SXSW off our hands: ”
 Really? Domestic? cc  RT  Annoyed already: I never heard of ANY airline requiring bags be check in an HOUR before leaving.
  It's actually   It is an upscale food cart with great, simple Italian food.
 RT  "I certainly don't think that praying will hurt. My concern is that the Governor has no Plan B," -Prof. Andrew Dessler
 Oops. That's not How about Arancini Food Trailer's twitter  handle.
 At  Food Trailer S.1st & Live oak.  Food is so good. Really. You should eat here.
   Hasn't the garden been renamed 10 times over the past 15 years?
 RT  We are hiring! Join us at  (via Amplify) 
  You could go see the Celtics in SA!  Probably for 1/2 the price of a game at the garden (do people still call it that?)
  There are no pro sports teams in Austin so conflicting loyalties aren't an issue.
 WOOHOO!!!  RT  ShortMan told me this morning that we still need to be Celtics fans when we live in Austin.
  they're my neighbor's chickens.  I could write about my observations from my vantage point but it would be uninspiring.
  both my parents grew up raising chickens but I don't have any first-hand experience with roosters
  your philosophy on life.  How you think social can be used for good.  Why connections matter.
  and there's no rooster.  Apparently Roosters aren't as much fun.
 .  I'm not, but  is.  I'm  sister.
  in Austin, actual chickens.  <cluck><cluck>  I thought they would be annoying but they're actually pleasant to listen to.
 Wow, the chickens next door are very communicative today!  More than usual.
 I love when people are prepared for their presentation! thanks  & 
 “  " deal yesterday was someone doing a big fat cannonball (in mobile)" - 
 Thanks  for the  pizza tonight!  Definitely tasty.
  saw your name on the list. I was looking forward to catching up. Next time.
 Thank you austin's pizza for  dinner tonight!
 At   College of Communication (CMA) 
 You are indeed,   :-)
 Thanks! RT  I know this isn't new, but I like  's post about lurkers    
 I agree RT  ..."2011 State of Community Management Report" It's a great read for digital media pros. 
  um.  Maybe.
  you should be so proud of me. I am writing my I live here Austin blog post right now.
  I'm quite certain there are a few who already HAVE the fail whale tattoo!
 I'm thinking of getting a tattoo of the twitter bird.  What do you think?    (p.s. mom, I'm just kidding!)
 $5 Feline Friday is today at the Austin Humane Society.  
   My husband's collection does too. 
  in fact, we were listening to Jane's Addiction via record yesterday, thanks to  
 My husband has a large record collection. RT   is tomorrow.  Remember physical media?  It sounds better than mp3's.
  I'm fairly certain I created a monster ;-)
  That article is a good chuckle! cc 
 Back in business with a new Blu-Ray.  Upgrading with the built-in WiFi.  Netflix, Pandora, here we come...
 RT  great advice!  RT  Everything I ever needed to know about communities I learned here: 
 RT  this is a pretty damning article about foursquare & the entire location based check-in scene ... : 
  ohhh, does sound exhausting.
 awesome. RT  Bored at work. Photoshopping pictures of Justin Bieber's head onto things.: 
 What's up? RT  Exhausted! Lots on my mind!
  Tell your oldest daughter hi from Auntie Heather and Uncle.  Happy early birthday!
 Mystery solved.  RT   where do you think startups come from?  
  My trunk's not small but it's pretty empty.  Makes no sense.
    I feel like I've recycled 5 of them already.  How many more can there be?
  glad I'm not the only one  
  you have to be right with this one.  No other explanation. 
  They still have schwag in them so not there for the groceries.
 I feel like every time I look in the trunk of my car, I find another  schwag bag. Does this happen to anyone else?
 Me too. RT     I was guilty of "For all intensive purposes" until I read "..intents and purposes"
  I haven't heard the "taken for granite" one maybe not listening. but have heard the "doggy dog" one. cc 
 . Landlord wrote that in a note to us 4-5 years ago.  We still laugh about it. I always picture a barrel of monkeys. cc 
 ditto RT   wifi & power on more flights, please
 Do blog posts in a community have longer shelf-lives than stand-alone posts?
 . Exec Dir, Harvey Koeppel makes a case for   leadership & asks CIOs to share lessons  (client)
 RT   Hate is a strong word & not to be used in the same sentence as the Red Sox...you can hate the Yankees though
  homeslice?  I'll run with you. 
  I can't think of anyone but I'll let you know if I do. 
 RT  Job opportunity: Interactive Designer at uTest - Greater Boston Area  
 The evolution of the  CIO 2.0: the next generation CIO. From  (client) member 
 If it makes you happy, make it RT   Don't worry.  gagged, too. I may be taking bologna off the menu.
  I just gagged.  
  no comment. ;) Austin's awesome!  Very welcoming!  Just ask any of the  transplants.
 Why would you want to make bologna?  cc  RT  Anyone have a great bologna recipe?
  I am impressed with your patience.
 especially in New England RT  Sometimes it's still strange to be the new girl in town. But relationships aren't earned overnight.
 “ RT  Honoring  wonderful dad tonight. Read Jeff's own words of tribute: ”
 and in life. RT  Heard on the streets, "if you get stabbed it makes you like ppl who don't stab you a lot more!"
  Can I take a rain check?  Maybe next Tuesday?
  only 360 more to go!  ;-) By the way, I'm so happy you're doing  again.  Always love seeing the photos.
  oh look, I'm not the only one getting the strange tweets.  cc 
 Super strange!  People I wasn't following were showing in my timeline on the web (for another account).  Anyone else see this?
  I'm thinking about you today and sending positive thoughts your way.
 Some of them. ;-) RT  are people who don't live in Austin cool enough to help?
 Help me wish  a happy, happy birthday!
 “ CFO asks CEO "What happens if we invest in developing our people & they leave us?" CEO: "What happens if we don't, & they stay?"”
 Thank you  woman for taking pity on me and comping my hotel, explaining twice that it wasn't protocol. It meant a lot.
   I don't feel like I need to know about Justin Bieber trending.  Trending topics are rarely useful to me.
 I'd like that. RT  It be nice if the trending topics on Twitter, were the topics that were trending from only the people I follow.
 Good point.  RT  . If you have to tell me QR codes matter, they don't matter.  (Yet)
 I can't argue with that! RT   ... all the smart people moved to Austin. right 
   maybe it's my smarts you feel ;-).  I'm in Boston today.
 You're not helpful. CC  RT  Why does Boston feel smarter this morning?  is here (of course).
 Wait, what?  Lycos?? RT  Speaking of  .. Next up, Chris Cummings, GM at Lycos
 Is anyone having issues with firefox 4? Can you still download version 3.x.x?
 “ ... It's about owning your voice. If every movie critic said the same thing we'd only need 1. 
 “ Please spread the word and pack the house.  Austin has a new evening supper place!  BYOB, and bring a friend.”
 Nice wrk all who contrbutd! RT  I'm so proud of  &  for raising for $10,000 for Americares in Japan!
 I agree with that! RT   :o) Austin is Awe-some.
   looking forward to reading your  post.  cc 
  isn't it though?
 Analogous? I can see that.  RT   I know have Iron Butterfly stuck in my head after your Ina Garten tweet.
 I know little about Ina Garten so I'm not passing judgement. In Which Ina Garten Doesn't Make a Wish via  
 This is very cool.  A ball gown made from golden books.  
 Cant wait to be home.  RT  So Boston, you had snow today, and we here in Austin set a record high temp. 
 . and there's this   cc 
  yes!!  Meet  she just moved to Austin and is doing   She did 
  I was wondering if that might be the case but so many others had wished you a happy birthday! Good One! 
 me too! RT   With as much email as I send I'll be 92 lbs in about 2 weeks.
  those folks at google are clever.  ;-)
 just catching up on Gmail's new Motion functionality.  Pretty cool.
  a gift card to DSW or something like that.
  are you a photog too?   just moved to Austin so she restarted 
 . you're thinking that you have lots of great new photo opportunities now that you're in Austin. 
 So, you're doing project365 again?  Looking forward to it. RT  And BREATHE  1/365  
 How's that working out for you? And if it does work, can you let me know what you did? RT  burrito... APPEAR!
  wait,  isn't where it's at  
 A very rare but well deserved   The wave of the future, 
 Wow, WAYN is very aggressive in their marketing.  140 characters isn't enough to explain my dismay.
 RT  Hey  what's the best bike shop? I need to get my front brakes fixed... and a tune up.
 Maybe that's why it works. RT    Hmmm, kind of Darwinian.
   funny thing is, studies show that mad dashes are the most efficient way to board. Not a joke.
  Do the boarding sections go higher than 5?  cc 
 ha! RT   After I board with first class I just assumed you all just made a dash for the gate.
  let me guess.  You're not flying 
  Right now I'm in Maine.  Was in Boston for a couple of days.
 Nope, I specifically didn't mean that.   ;-) RT   you mean, 
 It has snowed almost every time I've been in Boston/Maine this winter.  I continue to appreciate the Austin weather.  
 RT  RT  looking for experts (psychologists) in group dynamics... any recommendations for me?
 This is likely old news about mad men.  We have to wait until 2012 to see a new episode :( 
 RT  Do you need t-shirt for your company or upcoming event? Check out Cyrus Eleven Clothing: 
 RT  Wow:  acquired by   via 
 RT  The Three Key Elements to Implementing Analytics blog post written by Center  member  
