  yeah it was fun. sorry no sound!
   video or it didn't happen.
 Now we have  in our Google Hangout on TechBytes.
 Hanging out on google with   
  add me to a circle
  we're doing a google hangout. hop on.
  shouted you out. hope you heard.
  you listening right now? in your tractor?
  yay! we have a listener!!!
 At KPFT, getting ready for Technology Bytes, 8-10p CDT 90.1FM or www.kpft.org.  
  i tend to prefer linksys. i have the e4200 & love it.
  i know nothing about it. make sure link to goes to a real page at twitter.com. if not that URL, it's bogus.
 RT  DOS Turns 30 
  d00d, you got nuked by Google+! You've arrived 
  was unaware of the flags page. have added something related to the entry. thanks!
 RT  I use the Experimental new tab page (chrome://flags/ to enable); looks like a Bookmarks section (coming soon) was added.
 RT  Is the NSA tracking u by your cell location? NSA says maybe.      ...
 good morning, campers! Google giveth cupcakes, and Google taketh them away.  Now with MORE Comic Sans!
 New TechBlog post: Update: Google Chrome cupcake is gone, along with multiple profiles 
 New TechBlog post: Linkpost | 7.27.2011 
 Listened to the This American Life episode on patent trolling.  Fascinating and enraging.
  It's very tongue in cheek, but w/plenty of tasty truth.
 Tech News is So Phenomenally Boring  So true, but ironically it's a msg brought to you by Gawker.
  Our search is broken, and has been for a while. Changes are coming that will fix it. For now: Google is your friend.
  Try Leipzig. It's wonderful.
  no problem.
 New TechBlog post: Internet withdrawal leaves those who are always on ‘upset and lonely’ 
 New TechBlog post: Linkpost | 7.26.2011 
  Never say never. I have faith.
  Not that familiar with how that works. What are you using it for?
 Just had to replace my Chron badge; original cracked. Had it since the early 90s. Security guy marveled at its 3-digit number 
  Indeed. They are both da bomb AND the shizznit.
 RT  Flash  
 Want to keep the  "Kindle Store" button on your iOS Kindle app? Don't upgrade to the latest version. 
  I didn't use the words "forced to yank".
 New TechBlog post: Amazon yanks ability to buy Kindle books from its iOS app 
  You can, by the way, install boot camp and use that installation for a Parallels VM.
  Yeah, that might be aproblem. However, even w/2GB, having the swap file in an SSD makes a big difference.
  If they'll run OK in 2 GB of RAM, they should do fine.
  Depends on what you want to do. Gaming? Video production? Probably not? Common productivity apps? Definitely.
  Long ago and far away. Biggest reason: being able to access both OSes at once. Can't do that in Boot Camp.
  Nope, haven't tried that. Prefer virtualization.
 good morning, campers! Apple's MacBook Air is good enough to go mainstream.  Excellent notebook!
 New TechBlog post: First impressions: Apple’s MacBook Air comes of age 
 New TechBlog post: Linkpost | 7.25.2011 
  Depends on the jurisdiction. In Texas, it's a civil fine, not a criminal one. In other states, it's the same as a ticket.
  Running a red light IS a moving violation.
  Or the co. passes it on. Either way, you're responsible for your actions.
  The citation is sent to the rental co., which sees who was driving the car at the time. The renting driver gets the ticket.
  Lion will open the FILES. Newer versions of Office/Mac run & Preview will open the files. Word 2004 = obsolete.
  That's true. 7-year-old version of Word uses Rosetta, support for PowerPC, no longer included. 
  that's not been my experience.
 How the Editor of Windows Magazine Became an Apple Fanboy | Cult of Mac:  // by 
  yeah doesn't work on my iMac either. someone will hack that.
  it's a little out of date but the basics are the same.
 Online defensive driving makes you take a minimum amount of time per lesson. It's decidedly designed for, um, slow readers . . .
  Finally, see this. 
  Worst bug: Some people with Network Attached Storage (NAS) find they don't work. Mine is fine, but Google for your brand.
  For $30, yeah, worth it. But spend some time reading about minor pitfalls.  & 
  Yes.  Google for "clean install of lion" for more.
 about to do sign up for online defensive driving to clear a speeding ticket. i wonder how many people take it drunk?
  And 
  A. Yes.
 RT  Powerful words. RT  New blog: "Yes, I’m an addict too: Why I’m no different to Amy Winehouse"  ...
 All the Macs I use are now running Lion. Do I miss Snow Leopard? Hells no.
  Sounds like you need to do a startup.
 New TechBlog post: Linkpost | 7.24.2011 
 Saw the final Harry Potter movie last night. VERY satisfying, the best one in the series.
 good morning, campers!  offers a supercool way in Lion to turn any web page into a desktop app. 
  Dunno, not talking about software auth. talking itunes.
   Uh, drunk tweeting is not 'brilliant'. It's just, um, drunk. But Jeff says he isn't drunk. So there's that...
 Apple: Time to let iTunes users authorize more the 5 computers. 5 computers is so 2006.
 Downloading from Amazon a new album by Thievery Corporation, Culture of Fear. Didn't know a new album was out, I love these guys.
 Thanks to everyone who offered condolences on our cat. Dusty was old, hissing at objects, always afraid. Right thing to do, but sad.
  thanks. Dusty was senile, hissing at objects and was constantly afraid. Not using litter box. It was the right thing, but hard.
 Upgrade to Lion on the iMac smoother than on my MacBook Pro. Then again, uninstalled AV before installing on the iMac . . .
  It's an OS upgrade, which is never trivial.
  I do have a NAS but it was not an issue on my MacBook Pro.
 installing Lion on my iMac, my primary desktop. fingers and toes crossed.
 New TechBlog post: Linkpost | 7.23.2011 
  No surprise that jailbreakers lose out on OTA iOS updates. And no sympathy, either. Make your choice, pay the price.
 good morning, campers! well, not such a good morning, had to have a cat put to sleep. :(
 RT  "There are two large and several smaller Office for Mac 2011 issues on Lion" 
 RT   season 2 trailer from  is go! See it here: 
  typo: "AppleWorks is AN PowerPC program..."
 . GREAT LINE: "...using the App Store in an Apple Store looks more like a typo than a plan." 
  It IS an art.
  You should retweet the original author of that, not me. I was just passing it along.
  Other than the way it grabs themes, WLW is awesome. best blogging editor out there. It's why I run a Win7 VM on my Macs.
  Don't you love Windows Live Writer?
 New TechBlog post: Temporary Post Used For Theme Detection (9dd045b1-6c12-485c-97d8-620163110619 – 3bfe001a-32de... 
  No, he's avoided em. Which is why I asked. It ain't the Monkees w/out Mike Nesmith, as far as i'm concerned.
  Mike Nesmith with em?
  Yeah, but you know what: You shouldn't have to. The OS should be smart enough to know that a browser download means 'no sleep'
 Hey, Apple. When you're downloading a big file, that constitutes "activity". Don't let the Mac go to sleep, bokay? kthxbai.
 good morning, campers? irritated by some of Lion's quirks? Here are 5 easy fixes.  
  Yeah, it's natural on a touchpad. On a Magic Mouse, old-school works better. Surprisingly, I'm not having confusion between the 2
 New TechBlog post: 5 ways to make Lion less annoying 
 New TechBlog post: Come and get your open comments! 
 New TechBlog post: Linkpost | 7.22.2011 
  The latest version does support Lion, it turns out, but it's probably the way I imported the VM I'm using.
 RT  Seattle PI staff to leave globe building :(  via 
  Link?
  The last version did. It was astonishingly fast with a VM because of the SSD.
  I'm using a copied VM, but I think I'll go with a fresh install of Win7 and see how that works.
  The problem I'm having isn't mentioned there. May have to do with copying over a VM from another Mac.
 RT   lion is not done until windows cant run.;-)
  It's a fresh download, most recent version.
 MacBook Air review unit locks up as Parallels tries to install Parallel Tools on Win7. Is the problem w/Lion or Parallels?
 following  ( other account)
  I couldn't live in a place that didn't have high-speed Internet. It'd be like doing without running water or AC.
 No pre-setup animation when I first fired up the MacBook Air. Miss the doo-doo-doo-doo-doo song.
  Actually, the more I play with it, the more I disagree with that. Lots going on that isn't readily apparent.
 Yeah, I get that it's online only, but at this point, that's not that big a factor, IMO. Not a lot of Mac users are on dialup.
 Almost 4 years ago, Apple sold 2M copies of Leopard in 1 weekend. Shouldn't 1-day sales of Lion be larger? 
 For some reason, my reaction to Apple's news of 1M Lion downloads is: "Is that all?" Seems like it should be more, right?
  Not mine. Review unit.
  4GB 256GB SSD 1.7 GHz Core i5.
 New 13" MacBook Air is in the house.
 Any Lion users notice in change in MacBook Pro battery life? Better or worse?
  Very strange. Which version of the Air?
  Interesting. What version are you running. And what exactly did it do? I'm using the latest, and it's fine.
   Thanks!
  WWGD? (What Would  Do)
  Of course, you had all that backed up somewhere else, RIGHT?
  Updated the entry, many thanks!
  thanks! will add to the entry.
  does the canary version have the ability to turn off the feature, or return to the default Chrome icon?
  post a screenshot to twitter?
  interesting. i'm on dev so haven't seen the change yet.
 New TechBlog post: There’s a cupcake on your Chrome, and you can’t do a dang thing about it 
 Reposting link to the Chrome cupcake item  so I can add tip 
 good morning, campers! seeing a cupcake icon on your Chrome browser? here's why: 
  I've had a few 'interesting' glitches, but overall I'm happy. Then again, I love changing operating systems. I'm a sick puppy.
  Lion changes many traditional interface constructs in OS X, so you'll see more whining, on top of the usual OS upgrade issues.
  People always complain when there's an OS upgrade of any type. Who you hear from online are, by nature, people complaining.
  I find I like natural scrolling on a trackpad, but prefer traditional scrolling on the Magic Mouse.
 New TechBlog post: Linkpost | 7.21.2011 
  ETA?
  I like the TouchPad so far, but it's really slow. If it was faster, it would be much more appealing.
 Playing with an HP TouchPad. Hey,  what Twitter client do you like for it?
 Fixed my inability to launch Mail in Lion by going into the ~/Library folder & removing the Mail folder. Restarted and all is well.
  Don't want to blend work and personal chat windows. That way lies madness.
 Nevermind, FOUND IT. In the General tab in iChat prefernces.
 anyone know how to get iChat accounts to appear in different windows in Lion? don't want Gtalk & AIM in same window. tnx.
  has to do with how many icons i have. Parallels/Windows icons all show up; CS5 icons; etc. Very cluttered.
 If you use a Clear USB modem, you'll need to DL 64-bit drivers to use it with Lion. 
  in-place install. may go back and do a clean install later.
 At KPFT, getting ready to do Technology Bytes, 8-10p CDT 90.1FM or www.kpft.org. Whole lotta Lion goin' on.
 RT  Lion ready Echofon Mac is currently in review at AppStore. If you need it today, download it from our site: 
  I really don't use mail, though I have a Gmail account in it. removed the account, still can't get it to open.
  There are no plans for that.
 Hmm. Mail won't launch. Initial attempt to import messages failed, now "preparing to import messages" just churns.
 Lion Finder turns off Path and Status bars if you had them on in Snow Leopard. Restore via the View option.
  It's in my book!
  I keep Applications and Utilities folders on the Dock, use Stacks' Grid view to access. More organized approach.
 Features 'borrowed' from Windows in Lion. Grab a window for resizing along any edge (about time!) and full-screen from the green button.
  Unless you have a bajillion apps, like I do, or apps nested in folders. It's a real mess.
  I haven't played with that yet. Maybe tonight. Re: your iMac. You have a Magic Mouse or Magic Trackpad? Get one.
 Fave Lion feature so far: Mission Control. Least fave: LaunchPad. Most intriguing: Finder interface tweaks. Still exploring.
 Apple hasn't confirmed a Highland Village/Houston store yet, but they're taking applications. 
  You got an antivirus program running on your Mac? If so, uninstall it. That fixed my no-web-page problem.
  ...remove them before installing Lion. Not sure if you can reinstall afterwards, haven't tried yet.
  Smart computing practices are your best defense. Otherwise, several free antimalware options, like Sophos or Avast BUT...
   I haven't had concentrated time to play with it. Maybe tonight during TechBytes. (If I'm real quiet, that's why.)
 My ADD is having a field day today.
  Trying Lion, some of those complaints had some merit. Still making up my mind, but Giz had a point.
  Don't agree with the Gizmodo pre-review eh?
  
 Repeating for P.M. crowd: If you have Mac antivirus, UNINSTALL it before you upgrade to Lion. See my earlier tweets.
 The tweakability of some of the new Lion features is very interesting.
  Not ashamed to admit: I had it on BOTH vinyl and 8-track. Worth buying 2x.
  Haven't done a hands-on of the hardware. Still poking through Lion between other tasks. Opinion in flux.
  I loved it from the minute it came out, and other people were all "zzzzz".
 Interviewed  for a future column. He's a master of hopeless hopefulness.
  bravo for adding Physical Graffitti to your 'car doors' list. Most underrated Zep album.
  Or... maybe they did.
  I changed it to the briefcase - but then back to the cupcake.
  More wood!
 following 
  If you're using the Developer's version of Chrome, you never know what you'll get....
 Only found in the Dev and Canary channels of Chrome. Whatever you do, DON'T try to delete your Chrome profile. Nukes bookmarks.
 Seeing a cupcake icon in the left corner of Google's Chrome browser? It can't be removed.  It's a 'work in progress.'
  Having just finished the Bossypants audiobook, I want to get Tina Fey to read 'Switching to a Mac - No Problem'.
   Switching, or whatever. It's just semantics. Pretty easy to get proficient.
  
 If you're running an antivirus app on OS X, uninstall it before upgrading to Lion. Avast! kept Web pages from loading.
 Found the problem: Had to uninstall Avast Home Edition for Mac. Kids: Always turn off your antivirus before an OS upgrade!
 Having odd Lion problem - can't get out to web pages EXCEPT Gmail. Both in Safari and Chrome. Times out on other pages. Anyone else?
 The 'Less than a minute' in the Lion install process is a lot more than a minute.
  yes.
  You don't have to, but you can if you want to. And I want to.
 Lion download time was just under an hour. You can wait to install 'til later if you like, or burn a bootable DVD. 
  i don't know, but i guess i'm about to find out.
  i am using gigabit ethernet.
 Wow, the download time for Lion is all over the map. One minute it's less than an hour, then leaps to more than 2. 
 New TechBlog post: Mac OS X 10.7, a.k.a. Lion, is available to download 
  i hear that!
  back it up first
  si
  have you started installing yet?
  yep. that's the last line of that entry.
 New TechBlog post: Google may alert you to malware. Will you believe it? 
  don't have one yet. haven't installed it or tried it.
 good morning, campers! Lion's up in the Mac App Store. 
 New TechBlog post: Linkpost | 7.20.2011 
 RT  Apple Confirms Mac OS Lion Launching on Wednesday 
  possibly some hesitation to buy because of new model pending? most expect it in early summer.
 RT  Apple beats the street, iPhone sales up 142%, iPad sales grow 183%. 20% decline in iPod sales.
 RT  Apple reports $28.57 billion in revenue for third quarter 
 An editor here actually brought me a USA Today story, torn out of the print edition. How quaint!
  Yeah. That's why they call it "beta".
  So long as your lovely husband doesn't mock me for my beer choice, we might be able to work something out.
 RT  as  notes, the Google+ iPhone update is to correct the version of the app -- a test build was mistakenly uploaded
  fixes bugs, changes Huddle a bit, improves photo sharing. Details when you check for updates.
 Wow, there's ALREADY an update for Google+ for iOS. If you downloaded it earlier, check the App Store on your phone for version 1.0.1.
  foshizzle.
 RT  FBI makes 14 arrests in Anonymous raids 
  say, that wouldn't happen to be during a FUNDRAISER, would it?
  Clicking that link should take you right to it.
 RT  holy smokes. G+ iphone app available today. 
  thank you!
  thanks, will check it out? Post that recommendation on the blog?
 I would like to have a long conversation with the sadist who came up with the way men's dress shirts are packaged. I get to hold tongs.
 I watered my lawn, thus guaranteeing rain today in central Houston. You're welcome, neighbors.
  but 1. it's not cheap. 2. don't need another game console 3. it's big. 4. it's not cheap.
  thanks! always cognizant that most of my readers aren't the geek that i am...
 RT  Sunburns say: I may not be the brightest, but I sure know how to have a better weekend than you.
  
  sorry, i never click on deck.ly links. 140 chars, pls.
  click the link, read the entry, leave it there. (PS3 doesn't qualify as 'cheap')
 good morning, campers! finally thinking about buying a Blu-ray player. Got recommendations? Post em to 
  Thanks, gave it a try.
 New TechBlog post: Ask TechBlog: Which Blu-ray player should I buy? 
 New TechBlog post: Linkpost | 7.19.2011 
  see comments in the post. this is being discussed. not sure if it's posted to Hot Hardware comments tho.
 RT  . is wonderful.  (NSFW language, but pretty terrific) // Jenny rocks, in general.
  Even sader: That nurse was incredibly naive.
  I'm just happy to provide a modicum of joy in any way I can.
  Honeycomb was supposed to 'fix' Android for tablets w/new interface. Now ICS will merge it w/2.x, another attempt.
  Yep. I've come to think of Honeycomb as a failure, frankly. And so does Google, I think, given the goals for Ice Cream Sandwich.
 RT  A complete lack of animated .gif's currently is Twitter's  advantage over Google Plus.
  You make sure everyone has the URL to the bandwidth meter. That's about all you can do.
 good morning, campers! exactly what happens when you bust through Comcast's data cap?  It's not pretty.
 New TechBlog post: A cautionary tale: Comcast cuts a customer 
  That was coming from Twitterfeed, which sometimes gets clogged. I unjammed it last week.
 New TechBlog post: Linkpost | 7.18.2011 
  the profession you have chosen accelerates the condition. 
 New TechBlog post: Linkpost | 7.17.2011 
  you know what to do.
  no contest. Freebirds = chain.
 Back from an excellent dinner at El Real. Way stuffed. Chicken fajitas were very good.
  nope, no jailbreaking.
  yep. still got a ways to go. initial goal is to lose 50 lbs, then another 20 after a 'reset'.
  Bonus suckage points for moving during a drought ... in the rain.
  uh, no. poisoned PDFs are posted to legit websites often; it's a common way to place malware. big problem in PC space.
 New TechBlog post: Guest post: BYTE returns, with foot in mouth 
 New TechBlog post: Microsoft envisions a universal OS, but it might not be called Windows 
 New TechBlog post: It’s here! Your Friday open comment thread is ready 
 New TechBlog post: Netflix separates streaming, DVD plans, and as a result raises prices 
  what kind of mail system are you going to replace Exchange with?
  still downloading the software, that's going to take 10 mins or so... these usually don't take long.
  iP5 is pure vapor - doesn't exist yet. any 'ideas/thoughts' would be pointless. wait til it's launched.
  because it fixes a serious security flaw.
 Updating my iPhone 4 to the 4.3.4 firmware.
  
  
  my ultimate goal: jeggings!
 good morning, campers! will buy clothes today for the 1st time since i started losing weight. i've now lost 40 lbs.
 Spectacular series finale for Friday Night Lights. Sad to see it go, but it went out in grand style.
  contact 
 RT  Fellow Texans: the iPhone doesn't autocorrect Waxahachie. Be ye forewarned.
 RT  Apple stock closes at all time high 
 Cool. A Droid 3 is in the house.
 RT  Google+ gender update: 10 million users -- 86.6% male; 12% female. Just 3 ladies among the top 20 users. 
  I presume you mean MacBook Air? See the first item in my linkpost for today. 
 Also out: iOS 4.2.9 for the Verizon (CDMA) version.
 Looks like Apple has released iOS 4.3.4, with security fix for the poisoned PDF issue.
 RT  National Digital Newspaper Program digitizes newspapers published 1836-1922. History essays must be cake these days. h ...
  not a post. print column. Tuesday print, Wednesday online.
 RT  If News Corp is looking for public relations assistance, may I humbly suggest  - they have a sterling track record
 good morning, campers! assisting w/chron.com home page today. busy busy.
 RT  Next round of  invites will be sent out at 12ET. Signup at  if you still 
 The characters I've seen clustered around the wine/beer bar in the new Montrose Whole Foods could easily populate a hit sitcom. Seriously.
 RT  iPhone 4 captures guitar strings in action  // Pretty cool.
  yes, there is the whiff of friendfeed, but that's largely because of who's there now: tech early adopters.
  there's about 6 of you guys left.
  it may end up being a haven for those seeking to get off the farm. if you get my drift.
  thinking about it as a simplification of Facebook; stripped to the basics. whether that will draw others, i still don't know.
  oh, i'd argue G+ is still very shallow.
  I still think there's not much there to lure a heavy user of Facebook. But I'm becoming more interested in it (and I don't like FB).
  I have a feeling I'll go back and forth over time.
 My opinion of Google+ is changing. Just wrote a much more positive print column than the blog post from last week.
  you mean, I'm a Harley-riding Siamese warrior.
  see, this is why we can't have nice things.
 Discovered today that some people actually think I ride a motorcycle because of my Twitter page background. It's  bike.
  Can this social network be saved?
 My daughter  is trying to sell a couple of Kid Cudi tix for this weekend's Austin concert. Hit her up if you're a fan. 
  I use it w/Windows at work, but that's about it. too sprawling/bloated.
  I like it because it easily mutes annoying client types & gives quick access to lists, etc. Saves screen real estate.
  It gives you the columns as you need them. If you need to closely monitor multiple lists/accounts at once, Echofon won't work.
  
 RT  Spotify killed the Rdio star.
  Absolutely. It's not a matrix, but its sliding drawer interface is a good alternative. I use it on iPhone/iPad/Mac.
  Have you tried out Echofon?
 Mistrial declared in the Roger Clemens perjury trial 
  Interesting, thanks for letting me know.
 RT  This seems more than necessary. All the Y'alls from Tami Taylor on FNL.  (cc 
 RT  Forgiveness is the fragrance that the violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it.
 Spotify's got amazing selection, but some older, obscure music it doesn't have. No Jamming with Edward, for example. 
 Memo to Adele: Record an album with just your voice and an acoustic slide blues guitar. Trust me.
  CTLRTE (click the link, read the entry)
  It just opened for biz in the U.S. this morning. Been a big hit in Europe for a while.
 My Klout score earned me instant access to Spotify. First time I've ever used a Klout 'perk'.
 good morning, campers! might Houston be getting a second Microsoft store? 
  That looks like an SNL skit.
 At KPFT, getting ready to to do Technology Bytes, 8-10p CDT 90.1FM or www.kpft.org.
 RT  OH MY GOD. BRUCE CAMPBELL IS ON TWITTER AS   Best thing I've found out all week.
 RT  Bruce Campbell Confirms Evil Dead Remake Is Happening -  [via   
  but if you are at slow 1.5Mbps DSL and go to 20 Mbps Uverse or Comcast, yeah, you're apt to use more data.
  sorry, NOT GB down... meant Mbps
  If you've got, say, 20 GB down and you go to 100 GB down, you're not likely to use more data.
  The notion that you use more data with a faster connection is a fallacy, past a certain speed.
  You don't think 250GB is 'reasonable' for the vast majority of people (Comcast, Uverse cap)?
  Sadly, I think that's a pipe dream. Caps are here to stay, but they'll be adjusted as needed. Expect tiering, too.
 following 
  Finally, see old saw about all eggs in one basket. Still true.
  3. Different audiences in different places. 4. Different networks have different contexts. What works in A doesn't in B.
  reasons: 1. Diversity is healthy. 2. Deliver content where your audience is, don't demand they come to you.
  very strange.
  earlier today my lists weren't updating in Twitdeck at work. Restarted, fixed.
  YES.
  regardless of how you view it?
  d00d, if you have to ask....
  big mistake.
 This just came in the mail. With FREE iPhone app!  
  yep. 
 following 
  So I could get a screenshot of the changed plans screen! Priorities!
  There's a huge amount they don't stream. But we watch a lot of what they do.
 Just canceled the DVD part of our Netflix plan. We're a streaming-only household now.  
 Just interviewed by  for piece on hacking. Supposed to air on Ch. 11 at 5p.
 RT  I love Netflix, but why can't it just say "We're raising most of our rates?" And explain why? 
  Osbornified!
 New rumored date in the mix for Lion/MacBook Airs/etc: Friday? Or next week? 
 good morning, campers! hot date with the dentist & his hygienist. man, you should see me smile!
 I like the  redesign. So there.
  Super wonderful avatar.
  I'd think they might want to, you know, curb crime in general. Nailing these folks w/solid evidence might help.
  Have you followed up with them since?
  so you had Find My iPhone on it, right? YOu weren't able to track the location?
 RT  I'm fol owi g  a  wel . Hop ng to i prove my rec pti n. RT  following 
 following 
  Um, don't ALL Symantec employees work in cages?
 RT  Houston: A boomtown once again 
 RT  Pew: 25 Percent Prefer Smartphones To PC For Internet Access ( / Search Engine Land)  htt ...
  The PI is a Hearst property, they pull the Chron.com feed into its own blog.
 RT  Google to release a $140 eReader: 
  Correct, tho I'm not talking about just me. If G+ offered something more compelling than FB, could walk on FB completely, but no.
 good morning, campers! at this point, I don't see a compelling reason to invest a lot of time in Google+  For now...
  of course not. 'killers' is overhype.
 RT  Can we agree to call our google+ friend pleeps?
 Appreciating the 'Mute this hashtag' feature of Echofon tonight.
 latest  with me,     and  is up. 
   Great meeting you 2 on  tonight! And seeing  again! Let's do it again soon. thanks 
  You can plan all you like. It's the execution that counts. (Really, just order a pizza...)
 Rewatching 1990's House of Cards. Hard to believe that was 21 years ago. Leary of the upcoming American remake (w/ 
 following 
 RT      Here's Scoble as Jabba the Hutt's pet: 
  kinda burned out on google+, hope we keep it to a minimum
 Getting ready to do  w/    and   5p CDT/3p PDT
 Rain in the Montrose.
  I noticed that, too. They also have tanning chairs - catch a few rays while your car charges.
 RT  Later at 3pm pacific on  w/  are guests   &  
 Times curbs  P.R. appearances - NYTimes.com: 
 Does news judgment still have value as journalism changes?: 
  what exactly is happening?
 RT  For those who are asking: Yes, I think News Corp. is a criminal organization and I said so before the current crisis.  ...
   They do not have beer/wine at the Milam location. That automatically makes the Washington location superior.
 Following 
 Why We Need the New News Environment to be Chaotic  via 
  too cute!!!
  not in that area, but Les Givrals on Washington at Shepherd has the best in town.
  had one of those last night at Les Givrals.
 following 
 Reminder: I'm on  tomorrow, 5p CDT at live.twit.tv. also   & of course 
  I'd like to see it.
  depends on what you're doing with it. might not make much difference at all.
  Block/Report spam, I mean
  You making heavy use of the Block button?
  Gawker sites have always clickbaited. But yeah, this rings true. We'll see once Lion's actually in the wild.
  Gizmodo's bad blood w/Apple makes me skeptical of what they write, but I've been worried about this re:Lion for a while.
 good morning, campers! today is filled with painful errands. tomorrow will be filled with an appearance on  i'll like tomorrow better.
 RT  Fake-AV company had 600 employees, 34 servers, an Ohio call center, and annual revenue of $180 mill. 
  has someone answered your question in a useful manner? unlike  who was typically NFNU?
 RT  In keeping with my intense focus on Apple rumors, I'll point out that AT&T has a vacation blackout between Aug. 19 & Sept. 10.
  You should definitely be curious and exploring.
 Watched Friday Night Lights followed by Breaking Bad - 2 VERY different portrayals of high school teachers.
 RT  A cigarette is a roll of paper, tobacco and drugs, with a small fire at one end and a big fool at the other.OK1895
  he's downstairs in my living room now, harassing/serenading my mother-in-law. Really, Sting, it's getting embarrassing.
