 RT  Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day, saying, 'I will try again tomorr ...
 RT  You can't talk yourself out of something you behaved yourself into. (anon)
 RT  Four possible answers to your prayers: Yes, No, Wait, &You've got to be kidding!
 RT  "You do not believe a thing rightly until you act in accordance with it." 
 RT  "The Holy Spirit: Your spiritual mapquest...He never misleads you and always guides you in the right direction"
 RT  I love every day of the week, but there's something extra-lovable about Fridays. HAPPY FRIDAY!!! 
 RT  Dont cry because its over. Smile because it happened. Dr Suess
 RT  Life is the sum of all your choices. ~Albert Camus  /via   
 RT  Somebody said that I would follow Jesus “with too much devotion”. But who can prove that my coffee is too sweet... h ...
 RT  The road to success is always under construction. ~Lily Tomlin 
 RT  It is fitting that the National Day of Prayer come just before Mother's Day. I am thankful for praying mother's.
 RT  RT  Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit.  ~Peter Ustinov
 RT  Its a known fact that your blessed. If there is any doubt, check your pulse.
 RT  SOUL SNIPPET: "Those who get behind Jesus will find that Jesus has already got behind them."
 RT  PHUNNY: "If duct tape, WD-40, chocolate, or right click doesn't work, then you're doomed." 
 RT  The best thing about Jesus Christ is that He's not dead. And in Him, I don't have to be dead either. Not now. Not forever.
 RT  God can turn even your biggest disaster into Happily Ever After. 
 RT  "Start the day with  and give the day a chance."
 RT  We have a whole generation of believers who do not know what Satan’s schemes are. Chip Ingram
 RT  Among the things you can give and still keep are your word,  a smile, and a grateful heart.  Zig Ziglar
 RT  It's hard to tell if the world is actually growing worse, or if the news coverage is just better.
 RT  In honor of Earth Day I won't comment on how horrible her weather is.  
 RT  Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing.~ Albert Schweitzer 
 RT  Forgiveness is the sweetest revenge. ~ Isaac Friedmann 
 May the amazing grace of Jesus Christ, the extravagant love of God, the intimate friendship of the Holy Spirit, be with all of you today!
 RT  Today was filled with blessings!!!!
 RT  Your circumstances and your contentment are unrelated. John Maxwell 
 RT  Work harder on yourself than you do on your job.~ Jim Rohn 
 RT  "By their fruits ye shall know them"
 RT  Acquiring wisdom is usually worth the required mileage. 
 RT  We can't proclaim "Hosanna" (Lord, "save, I pray") and simultaneosly believe that salvation is dependent on us.
 RT  Crowds shouted: "Hosanna to the Son of David!" "Blessed is He who comes in the name of the Lord!" Mt 21:9  ...
 Let you mess become your message. Joyce Meyer
 RT  Eternity is a long time to be wrong.
 RT  God changes caterpillars into butterflies,sand into pearls & coal into diamonds using TIME&PRESSURE.He's working on u too.
 RT  Directions to the State of Grace:Admit I’m lost & going the wrong way.Ask for help.Trust Him.Make a U turn.Follow the Map.
 RT  Trust Me, and don't be afraid. When you are shaken out of your comfortable routines, grip My hand tightly and look... ht ...
 RT  You can finish school, and even make it easy, but you never finish your education, and it's seldom easy. - Zig Ziglar  ...
 Did I lose 6 months while sleeping last night and it's really October? Snow? Really? Dislike!
 Christ brought you over to God's side & put your lives together, whole and holy in His presence. You don't walk away from a gift like that!
 RT  Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. - Robert Louis Stevenson 
 RT  Father,I cast all my financial worries & concerns upon U,& in exchange I ask for calmness & receive Ur peace.Amen
 RT   I'm obsessed with  I worship him.  I think we're all called to be full of zeal.
 RT  Don't judge me based on your Ignorance. - Tattoo 
 RT  Of course God exists. I just talked with him.
 RT  Sometimes your most indispensible work that day is a relationship.
 RT  I believe in the inerrancy of Scripture. I do NOT believe in the inerrancy of my interpretation... nor yours either!
 RT  RT  Eternity is a long time to be wrong.
 RT  One of the greatest disasters of our time is our universal acceptance of the word "tolerance" as a great virtue.  Zig Ziglar
 Create in me a clean heart, O God; and renew a right spirit within me. Psalm 51:10 I need to meditate on this today.
 RT    Psalms 34:1 I will always thank the Lord; I will never stop praising him.
 RT  YOUR Mind is the BattleField. We got to Fight to keep it in line; The Word of GOD is our Weapon
 Don't ever forget that it is best to be swift to hear, slow to speak and slow to become angry. James 1:19
 RT  Our days are happier when we give people a bit of our heart rather than a piece of our mind. ~Unknown
 RT  Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.--Mother Teresa
 RT  Unlike the Government, there is never a threat of God's Kingdom shutting down.
 RT  RT   <>< Pray for hearts to be open and drawn to the Lord Jesus Christ as past ...
 RT  What is your motivation for church this morning? Tradition or adoration?   
 RT  Character may almost be called the most effective means of persuasion. Aristotle
 RT  If you dont like something, change it. If you cant change it, change your attitude.
 RT  Compassion is understanding the troubles of others, coupled with an urgent desire to help. ~Unknown
 The people you avoid here are the very people filling heaven. Matthew 21:28-32
 RT  Whenever you use the word "impossible" expect laughter from heaven. "With God all things are possible" Mt.19:26
 RT  Being unable to help thousands of hurting people never excuses me from helping the one next to me.
 RT  "Easter is about a raucous God shouting love, grace and forgiveness to this earth ..." - 
 RT  God is thinking about you right now... His love is everlasting for you!
 RT  Fallen man is not simply an imperfect creature who needs improvement: he is a rebel who must lay down his arms-CSLewis
 RT  Each day we are becoming a creature of splendid glory or one of unthinkable horror-CSLewis
 RT  As long as he doesn't convert it into action, it does not matter how much a man thinks about his repentance
 RT  God doesn't want something from us. He simply wants us-CSLewis
 How can you "go and make disciples" if you aren't one?
 RT  hmm ... "People want somewhere to park their broken heart." Graham Long
 RT  Impossible is not a fact. Its an opinion. Muhammad Ali
 RT  Be kind, generous and loving in your thoughts, words and actions.~ Ann Sykes Walter  
 Mercy and truth have met together. Grim justice and peace have kissed! Psalms 85:10
 RT  THINKING TINKERING: “You can’t take the gospel to the wrong address.” – Anonymous
 RT  "The world's smallest package is a man wrapped up in himself" - 
 RT  SOUL SNIPPET: "The heart that is lifted to the Lord will always have a body that follows it."
 RT  A man on a date wonders if he’ll get lucky. The woman already knows.~ Monica Piper 
 RT  When the Spirit is absent, our excuses always seem right, but in the presence of the Spirit our excuses fade away || R.T. ...
 RT  Forgiveness means you do not hold others responsible for your experience || Gary Zukav
 RT  Everybody deserves to be forgiven. Do not see somebody for what they do, but for who they are. 
 RT  Being vulnerable is a gift that you give to others. And by recognizing & sharing your own truth, you inspire them to d ...
 My meditation of Him shall be sweet, for God is the source of my joy. Psalms 104:34
 Christians believe God is good. God is loving. God is kind. More need to believe God is brilliant, smart, genius also.
 7 words that change everything: Not my will but Yours be done.
 RT  SOUL SNIPPET: "I must put down my past to pick up my future."
 RT  SOUL SNIPPET: "I need hard feet and a soft heart - not a hard heart and soft feet." Corrie Ten Boom.
 RT  THINKING TINKERING: "There is no 'Exit' sign in hell."
 RT  TWIST-God grant me the serenity 2accept the PEOPLE I cant change,the courage 2change the ONE I can &the wisdom 2know it' ...
 RT  Worry is a 100% waste of emotion. It cannot change the past. It will not change the future. It just ruins today.
 RT  If you prayed instead of worrying, you'd have a lot less to worry about.
 RT  It's EASY to love people like yourself. But for God to teach u REAL love, He must bring unlovely people into your life.
 RT  Worship isn't an event to attend & watch. It's a lifestyle to be lived.
 RT  Jesus began his Church as a FAMILY! It became an institution in Rome,a political tool in Europe & a business in America
 RT  What we want is not more books about Christianity, but more books by Christians on other subjects-CSLewis
 RT  If God thinks this state of war in the universe is a price worth paying for free will, then it is worth paying-CSLewis
 RT  What we practise, not (save at rare intervals) what we preach, is usually our contribution to the conversion of others
 RT  The promise that God will always be with me is no less than incredible.
 RT  The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials.
 RT  Love Holds Everything! :)  
 RT  Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work (Thomas A. Edison)
 RT  The most wasted of all days is one without laughter. E E Cummings
 This is 2 glorioius, 2 wonderful to believe! I can NEVER be lost to Your Spirit! I can NEVER get away from my God! Psalms 139:6-7
 RT  "Seek ye out of the book of the Lord, and read."  Isaiah 34:16 //  Can't get any plainer than that.
 RT  God, help us to "Be" Jesus to others before trying to "Teach" Jesus to others.
 RT  Carve your name on hearts & not on marble. -CH Spurgeon. Where are you leaving a legacy?
 RT  There is no one like our God. Thank you Jesus!
 RT  When life gets too hard to stand... Kneel
 RT  Are you building your lifestyle around your beliefs or building beliefs around your lifestyle?
 RT  O Lord, where did I see you yesterday and didn't recognize you? Where will I encounter you today? 
 RT  We forget that "impossible" is one of God's favorite words. He dreams impossible dreams. 
 RT  If you think God is your co-pilot, you're in the wrong seat.
 RT  RT  "Salvation costs you nothing. Discipleship costs you everything."
 RT  You can learn from anyone if you know the right questions.
 RT  Every Christ-follower needs a Ministry in the church & a Mission in the world.
 RT  Size doesn’t determine a church’s significance. No airline pilot thinks 25 passengers is insignificant!  Each 1 matters!
 RT  Never Live A Single Day...To Satisfy A Critic.
 RT  Keep Your World Small Enough...To Keep It Right.  
 RT  I pray because the need flows out of me all the time, waking and sleeping. It doesn't change God, it changes me-CSLewis
 RT  Relationships don't thrive because the guilty are punished but because the wounded are merciful.
 RT  Its not that Im so smart, its just that I stay with problems longer. Albert Einstein
 RT  "it's not over until you quit" -
 RT  Know God-Know Peace. No God-No Peace.
 RT  "For man's anger does not bring about the righteous life that God desires"James1:20 Love,not condemnation,changes people.
 RT  Free gift is redundant.
 RT  Does God create people like Mother Teresa so he can prove his point: "See, you can do something today that will outlive y ...
 RT  Starbuck's printed God's purpose for your life on a cup!  RT & Facebook post this good news
 RT  Nobody knows how bad they are until they have tried very hard to be good-CSLewis
 RT  Paul said "Be As Harmless A Doves" & "As Wise As Serpents" Christ wants a child's heart, but a grown-up's head-CSLewis
 RT  Christianity is the story of how the rightful King has landed & is calling us to His great campaign of sabotage-CSLewis
 RT  Heaven, once attained, will work backwards and turn even agony into a glory-CSLewis
 RT  Chastity is the most unpopular of the Christian virtues-CSLewis
 RT  Forgive us as we Forgive-We are offered forgiveness on no other terms. To refuse it is to refuse Gods mercy for ourselves
 RT  You don't have a soul. You are a soul. You have a body-CSLewis
 RT  "There is a kind of happiness and wonder that makes you serious. It is too good to waste on jokes."
 RT  "Joy is the serious business of Heaven."
 RT  The place where you have been will never compare to the place where God is taking you!
 RT  It is offensive to God when I claim to believe in grace while being ungracious to others.
 RT  I'm glad you were born! Sadly every day 3,700 Americans are denied that right to live.They arent even given a choice.
 RT  For those of you not alive in the 80s... There never was a donkey in Donkey Kong.
 RT   Great pictures and video slideshow from  7th B-Day Party!
 RT  Next time you hear a baby laugh or see an ocean wave, take note.Pause and listen as his Majesty whipsers ever so gently,' ...
 RT  Never keep yapping when the Lord is waiting only for a yes.
 RT  Remember when you had nothing, anything was everything! Stay humble!
 RT   ~
 RT  If you're looking for some action this weekend, there are a number of opportunities to watch the local Panthers!  ...
 RT  Come and see the works of God; he is awesome in His doing towards the sons of men. Psalm 66:5 
 RT  Saying, "God, you're right.  What I did or am still doing is wrong." is what it means to confess.
 RT  Knowledge IS power, but it's LOW power until it's APPLIED. 
 No one may know you and love you inside and out but God and thankfully He IS enought. www.fathersloveletter.com/text.html
 RT  Become the kind of leader that people would follow voluntarily; even if you had no title or position. ~ Brian Tracy 
 RT  man asked God give me everything to enjoy life. God replied man i gave you life to enjoy everything
 RT  "Live much in the smiles of God. Bask in his beams. Feel his all-seeing eye settled on you in love." (McCheyne)
 RT  People spread tables for their heathen gods, but the God of the Bible spreads the table for His children. “You... ht ...
 RT   ...
 RT  I Have Never Met An  ...Who Told The Truth.
 RT   ~
 RT  God has promised to meet "all your needs" (Ph. 4:19) not all your greeds.
 RT  Please join us in praying for Kate. Attached is a desktop background that you can download. 
 RT  Every person is an unrepeatable
 RT  Jesus says you are forgiven and made new; you are innocent. So who are you going to believe, Jesus or your memories? The ...
 RT  Success is not permanent. The same is also true of failure. - Dell Crossword 
 RT  God does not love us because we are valuable. We are valuable because God loves us!
 RT  What we have done for ourselves alone dies with us. What we have done for others lasts forever!
 RT  PRAYER POWER: "In sin I lock horns with heaven, but in prayer I lock hands with heaven."
 RT  Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.
 RT  Friday funny: Seen on several church signs: "Whoever's praying for snow...please stop!"
 RT  RT  The Bible is not a book of DOs and DON’Ts pertaining to us. It is the Father’s photo album of His Son!
 RT  Learn to obey your warm-hearted impulses. -   
 RT    Proverbs19:3 Some people ruin themselves by their own stupid actions and then blame the Lord.
 RT  You miss 100% of the shots you don't take ~ Wayne Gretzky.
 RT  Many would rather make excuses for failing to try, than face failing while doing. So, they talk themselves out of trying!!
 RT  Egypt looks scary today - if the pyramids r on ur bucket list, might I suggest the Luxor casino in Las Vegas?
 RT  "Never pay back anyone evil for evil. Instead do what is honorable." Rom.12:17
 RT  Satan isn't troubled when we go to church.But his knobby knees tremble when we pray.
 RT  Going to feed the hungry? Bathe your mission in prayer.Weary of a world of racism &division?So is God.He would love to ta ...
 RT  Did God call us to preach without ceasing?Have committee meetings without ceasing?No,he called us to pray without ceasing.
 RT  Try forgiveness. You'll never forgive anyone more than God has forgiven you.
 RT  Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature.. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.Helen ...
 RT  RT  a tearful day. Still praying to the One who can heal... 
 RT  God's plan for your life isnt a map you see all at once but a scroll unrolled a little at a time, requiring faith.
 RT  Jesus changed my hopeless end into an endless hope.
 RT  Honesty is more than truth-telling; it's refusing to manipulate others.
 RT  His Name is Jesus - He understands!   
 Snow's coming. Still thankful for a new day full of possibilities.
 RT  You did it: You changed wild lament
 RT  Stress happens when we forget God is in charge.. When things go wrong, just decide you won't be going with it;)
 RT  You don't have to be a giant to slay one. You just need to shoot straight. Remember David.
 RT  Be aware that many people want you to run THEIR race instead of the one God created you to run.
 RT  You arent blessed for Knowing but for Doing!  Jesus"Now that u know these things,u will be blessed IF u DO them!"Jn13:17
 RT  Knowledge is NOT power.APPLIED knowledge is.Learning that leads to argumentativeness instead of action is pseudo-knowledge.
 RT  We shouldn't deny the pain of what happens in our lives. We should just refuse to focus only on the valleys | Swindoll
 RT  You Met  Did Not Change?
 RT  
 RT  Some People Are Colorblind; They Don't See Red Flags.
 RT   for a new day with new mercies. 
 RT  Let your highest place be at the feet of Jesus.
