 there are no words:  cc:  (totally forgot who originally tweeted this. sorry!)
  no contest ;)
 so glad you came by! she loves her new toys!! thanks from us both!! RT  PUPPY TIME!!!!!!!!!  
  heee! thanks! she's sooooo lovely :)
 I'm just "snuggling" with your shoe, I swear  
 . Wait. I thought I had the most amazing dog ever! How can we decide this!? ;)
 EPIC! RT  After 4 years, Backyard FX is coming to an end. Thank you everyone who helped along the road. 
  I'd love one too. At least as an option!
 2 for 2 today with   Scheduled crate training is in full effect! 
 RT  Nexus S 4G software update starts today! It will be pushed to customers in waves over next 2 wks. No manual DL option. http: ...
 Srsly RT  It makes you swoon she's so cute. Right   lives with me!! 
 . look!  
 Mom, it's so hot out there  
     can't wait for you to meet her! gotta get her 2nd shots before date. 3 weeks or so :)
 I finally get how moms feel when they really, really want to check up on you, but they try to hard not to :) 
 awwww <3 <3 <3 RT    was well behaved. She spent most of her time nibbling my toes :)
  is spending the day with  I wonder what they're doing now..... and now... now as well. 
 So tasty :)  
  thanks :)
 She's sooooooo cute   
  still with the roommates :)
 Someone is falling asleep at dinner :)  
 We learn fast! Lol!  
 Picking up Camille!!!! ( Animal Haven) [pic]: 
 the anticipation is killing me! cc:  
 TWO HOURS
 GUESS WUT!? Photo: 
  haha nope!
 My avg. daily fitbit  for last week: 9,618 steps and 4.3 miles traveled. 
 I will have such a fun announcement tomorrow evening. I can barely wait to tweet it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 I'm so excited for the couch/kindle combo that's about to happen 
 . NIIIIIICE. Must take a filed trip some day soon! >> bit.ly/plTb7j
  I did! Looking forward to checking it out!
 RT  NYC: Welcome to Twitter  Deputy Mayor for Economic Development! 
 RT  We all need to review, via tweet, RIGHT NOW. RT  Rebecca Black's New Single, "My Moment" 
 RT  Yes, I am a leukemia survivor (AML, 1998) and yes, you should back the amazing  in her fundraising run. http:/ ...
 Incredible concept: 110 Stories: Augmented Reality Twin Towers iPhone App by Brian August — Kickstarter  via 
 Super brilliant (and adorable!) idea:  Go sign up to get a beta invite!
 OH HAI: A friendly reminder I need ur support as I train for the NYCMarathon to raise $ for  and  
 Runner friends, I haz a question   
 managed to get in a recovery run this morning. it was hot and my legs were dragging, but sooo happy I did it :) 
  ooooh, fancy.
 Omg love RT  Return of the mack. Taking him on a birthday ride to the park. 
 Bummer. Good game Japan. 
 Goodness, the build up to these kicks is killing me!  
 Haha ditto! RT  LOVE the Angry Birds poster shown at the World Cup. That gave me a big smile.
 GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL!!!!  
 RT    Good eye. Shouldn't have said the comp part but he is not the one Tweeting, that I can conf ...
 RT  Um is the President live-tweeting the women's World Cup soccer final?!? RT  So close! Brilliant strike by  ...
 There we go!!  
 Come on USA!!! 
 Photo: Lol, I interviewed with Gore Verbinski to be his assistant for Pirates 3. 
 Photo: Some of The Daily Reel staff at The Short Stop! Guessing this is early 2007. 
 Photo: Picked this up when I crossed my first marathon finish line  the Nike Women’s marathon in SF in... 
 Photo: Picked up this post card while driving/moving from Nola to L.A. in Jan 2006. 
 Photo: Set dressing from The Gardener of Eden 
 Photo: Set dressing from The Gardener of Eden 
 Photo:  
 Photo: Princess birthday cake toppers from the Departed crew. The NOLA levees broke on my bday that year. I... 
 Photo:  
 Photo:  
 Time Capsule - I’m coming across some cool stuff I stashed away as I search for some old documents. 
  that's kind of my worst nightmare
 RT  A win for Louisiana's coast: An editorial 
 was on the way to starbucks when my coworker almost fell down a manhole!! the lid flipped right up! srsly 
 good morning all! 
 Today's Google Offer in NYC Uptown: 83-86% off at New York Dog Spa & Hotel  If only I had a pup to get this for! 
 developer friends: what's your preferred text editor?
 DJing in the DOTGO room. Come hang out. Now playing Diddy - Dirty Money: Hello Good Morning (Remix) ♫♪  
 RT  HELP WANTED! RunnersWorld.com is hiring a web producer based in our  office   via 
 RT  Drama  noms are      &  congrats
 first day back from vacation, and I accidentally stayed at the office way too late. whoops! hope I don't undo all the relaxing ;)
 Pics of the rainbow: 
 THAT RAINBOW
 well that was a cute little rain storm
 fundraising brainstorm: halp! 
 yay for multiple accts! RT  Twitter for Android – Now with Push Notifications and Multiple Accounts 
 RT  PayPal unveils peer-to-peer NFC payment system  
 aaaand, we're back. it's scary how google-dependent I am.
 I hate even asking this, but is google down?
 RT  Today's red hot sunrise in  
 My avg. daily fitbit  for last week: 12,256 steps and 5.7 miles traveled. 
 I run, you donate, those in need benefit! Halp meh out:  Plz RT!!
 RT  Hats off to the three girls that won the inaugural google science fair:  
 RT  Promising home sales in eastern New Orleans should prompt more government auctions: An editorial 
 RT  Casey Anthony virus takes over Facebook 
 Date night! :)
 I'm also raising money for   Any donation $$ will help! More info here: 
 FRIENDS: I'm training for the 2011 NYC Marathon to raise money for the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society. I need your support! 
 RT  ADELE is playing at  in London tonight! Watch live on your computer, iPad, iPhone or iPod touch: http: ...
 Nice! RT  Google Maps For Android Now Lets You Download Maps For Offline Viewing  by 
 Photo: Montauk sunset 
 Beach week with  begins!!! ( Ditch Plains Beach) 
 My avg. daily fitbit  for last week: 8,597 steps and 4.1 miles traveled. 
 Happy 4th of July!!! ( Brooklyn Bridge) 
 A patriotic tour de force with  ( Brooklyn Bridge w/ 7 others) 
 Patriotic cooler is patriotic  
 RT  Djokovic defeats Nadal 6-4, 6-1, 1-6, 6-3 to win his first Wimbledon title
 Yay Novak!!   
 I just unlocked the "Ten Hundred" badge on  
 RT  Evolution in action. MT  With the addition of  now half the twitter feeds I follow from NY are animals.
 ONE Marathon TWO Charities! I'm at it again raising $$ for  +  HELP A LADY OUT 
 RT  YES. From Honey Badger fame, Randall is BACK. Drunk animals in South Africa version. 
 is Google Buzz going away? I only ask bc I can't seem to access it anymore. I see it in my Google+ profile, but no way for me to edit it...
 digging Google+ Hangout. great to catch up with 
 I just unlocked the "Wino" badge on  
 My avg. daily fitbit  for last week: 11,114 steps and 5.2 miles traveled. 
 . poor form.  is an extraordinary person, regardless if you *think* her ideas are or not.
 every time I like something on facebook I get directed to this URL: facebook.com/ajax/ufi/modify.php
 playing with Google+
 RT  The Gaga Effect spreads to Tumblr as Ms. Gaga starts Tumbling: 
 DOTGO, texting meets Web 
 excellent run! feels so good when the effects of training regularly start to kick in 
 off for a run! 
  lol!
  oh no! hope the bebe feels better!
 Congrats and good luck!!! RT  I'm writing a book about morning TV.  Tumblr: 
 RT  "Whatever you do, do with kindness.Whatever you say, say with kindness.Wherever you go, radiate kindness." Jonathan Lockwood
 RT  It's Monday. Get those lasers ready!! !pew.pew!
 Go Yaks! :)  
 . had a great season! 
 Celebrating a great season with the team!  
 Saw a soon-to-be mama deer on my walk with  
 Average color of the New York sky, updated every 5 minutes. Super super cool!  via 
 must get in a 3 mile run tonight. (tweeting to keep myself accountable) small runs are important too!  
 Now Live: The  Forums!! 
  before I clicked on the photo link I was so hoping it was actually a cat in her purse :)
 RT  OK, here it is: The ULTIMATE list of missing pro features in FCP X. Turns out some aren't actually missing: 
 RT  OJ DID it! This is in no way surprising... 
 it's soooo gloomy outside. I hope it perks up for my run later 
 WUT!? RT  free concert today: A Day in Treme w/Donald Harrison Quintet, Mardi Gras Indians, Cyril Neville 
 Happy birthday!!!! RT  Today is my 32nd birthday. In honor of  I am raising money for  
 RT  200  ideas received so far. NYC – keep the ideas coming, and vote up the ones you love!  ...
 RT  . confirms the closing of the H & H Bagels store on the Upper West Side Store   ...
 RT  Daily Deal Aggregator Yipit Raises $6 Million Series B  via  awesome work  and 
 RT  Sunny and hot in NYC today. Sounds like a good day for splashing in the water feature on the High Line at W15th Street: ...
  have fun!!
 RT  Treats  the High Line, starting at 11:30AM:  at Gansevoort,  at W14,  at W16, &  ...
   sweet!!! congrats!!!
 My avg. daily fitbit  for last week: 7,542 steps and 3.2 miles traveled. 
 marathon practice tonight. hoping the  behaves itself  
  heard about the Kimbo project. good luck! would love to see you make that!
 Photo: Longing?…[EXPLORED 12/26] by Traer Scott on Flickr. Incredible. 
 I'm nominating  for "The FASTech 50" list of most innovative companies!  
 every time a new song comes on in the  room, the entire  office giggles 
 DJing in the  room. Come hang out. Now playing The Rolling Stones: Beast Of Burden ♫♪  
 RT  Great work as always  :)  interview on  
  Hudson Square plzzzzz!!!! 
 RT  RT  Today is the official start of Summer at 1:16pm. It is one of the longest days of the year with 15 hrs  ...
 RT  RT  Looking 4 amazing additions 2 the team. Internships,community/editorial & creative strategy roles availa ...
 NYC lady friends: need another female for a softball game in central park at 5pm. Skillz not necessary :)  
 We need one more lady for softball if anyone is in the area!!!! ( Central Park Great Lawn Field  
 RT  Tumblr now has access to photo Exif data built directly into the platform, available right on the image.  ...
 RT   The NYC edition:          ...
 I’m nominating  for “The FASTech 50″ list of most innovative companies!  
 DJing in the Yelp room. Come hang out. Now playing Paul Simon: You Can Call Me Al ♫♪  
 RT  HBO's Treme seems to start out slow and then, all of the sudden, it just takes you over.  Such a great show! Best mus ...
  lol, yes.
 ok, i'm a few minutes late to turntable.fm, but holy cow is it awesome. best music discovery EVER.
    still can't handle it! "tense up and twitch!?!" too much!! I can't think about it!!
 Omg the BOOOOOOING 
 Testing out the new  android app 
 I'm at Hiro Ballroom  The Maritime Hotel w/        
 Nora Jones!!!! ( The 15th Annual Webby Awards) 
 Omg! Antoine Dodson and  performing together!!!! ( The 15th Annual Webby Awards) 
 RT  Anna Wintour accepting Vogue.com's Webby Award: "Sometimes geek can be chic." 
 " Harry Potter and Anna Wintour? If we're learning anything, it's that nerdery is fashionable."
 Anna Wintour! ( The 15th Annual Webby Awards) 
 I just unlocked the "Webby Nerd" badge on  
 About to begin!! ( The 15th Annual Webby Awards) 
 RT  Sad to learn that Laura  Spider Man & Oscars producer & creator of 'Stand Up To Cancer,' has died.  ...
 I'm at Big Apple BBQ Block Party  w/     
 Went for the spearmint with condensed milk this time! ( Imperial Woodpecker Sno-Balls) 
 Introducing  to  ( Imperial Woodpecker Sno-Balls) 
 I just became the mayor of Imperial Woodpecker Sno-Balls on  
 No sauce for me!   
 Making meatballs for  on this fine Saturday night :) 
  nice! Well done!!
 Wish my phone had a zoom!!! 
 Sunset in progress!!! 
  erm, yes...?
 Chocolate with condensed milk. YUM!!    ( Imperial Woodpecker Sno-Balls) 
 Smiling all the way back to the office as I finish off this snoball 
 Just ran into  
 JACKPOT ( Imperial Woodpecker Sno-Balls) 
 Come say hi!! RT  Excited for  to begin! Come on by for a visit between 12-6pm!  
 RT  Fun mobile Internet party  by  last night for   and announcing partnerships with Netsol and 4SQ happy to have  ...
 "You have to wonder at times what you’re doing out there. Over the years, I’ve given myself a thousand..." 
 RT  Turns out  is wrong: His murdered woman video for is totally misogynistic 
  awesome!!  congrats!!!
 .  mobile internet party!!! ( The Cabanas w/ 2 others) 
 Love this venue!!   party about to begin!! ( Cabana maritime) 
 FYI the  party is covered!! 
  yay! Excited to see you! And don't worry, it's partially inside, and has a retractable roof (in case it rains)!
 OH HEY marathon training hunger. I knew I'd see you again  
 . presenting an award to    ( Gramercy Theatre) 
 Woo!!!  accepting an award for  project at  ( Gramercy Theatre) 
 . on the stage at  Awesome opening video!! ( Gramercy Theatre) 
 Congrats!! RT  About to accept award for best Live Integration  FlashFWD music & tech awards on behalf of 
 . check out  A completely digital medical practice with amazing doctors.
 Open gov panel  ( Time Warner Conference Center) 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Hudson Station on  
 RT  According to Mediapost, the  smartphone feature people can't live without is texting.  thing they CAN live withou ...
 Relaxing on the patio :) 
 Gorgeous day! 
 RT  Thanks to  for a great opening party last night! Here's a fun photo with   &  http ...
 Not me, but some people. ( Go Go Thai) 
 I just unlocked the "Internet Week HQ" badge on  
  yayayay! Can't wait to see you!
 I just bought my HQ pass for  from June 6 to 9 in NYC.   
  when are you coming!?!?
  thanks! me too!!
 Today's agenda: Internet Week, crosstx, and x-rays. Sprained thumb might be broken thumb. But I hear casts are a hot accessory this season..
 RT  EVO 3D, EVO View 4G available on Sprint on June 24  
 Oh no, just discovered a home goods opened on the UWS 
  yes! Can't wait to test it out! Townsend to my office is a perfect 5k, home to office is 10k. Good for RUNNING errands too :)
  ended up getting the Nike cheyenne vapor. Went with the bright one :) 
 Sweet running backpack acquired.  everywhere is the new biking everywhere ;) ( NIKETOWN New York w/ 7 others) 
  haha copy that!
 " Going to  with  Will she walk away with a furry little canine??" I HOPE SO!!!!
 I just became the mayor of Real American Patio on  
 At the   obliterati with host himself  ( The Obliterati iCrossing Live Media Studio Party) 
  Nice! I am TOTALLY up for the challenge!
  lol! I have. so dangerous :)
  haha of course I do! hope yall have chocolate with condensed milk! :)
  can't wait to stop by!  
 RT  Gulp... RT  Louisiana is losing a football field of wetlands an hour, new U.S. Geological Survey study says  ...
 oh hey Google Music.
 I just unlocked the "Top Chef" badge on  
 RT   panel:  of GE,  of AOL,  of PepsiCo,  of FB,  of SN &  ...
  ( JWT w/  
 I just unlocked the "PEOPLE Sexiest Man Alive" badge on  
 The view at dinner :)  
 Heading back to Ditch Plains  
 Turn around point 
 Trail run! 
 I have a street in Montauk :) ( Ditch Plains Beach) 
 I just unlocked the "Swimmies" badge on  
 NYC to MTK :-)
 I just unlocked the "Bon Appetit - Navigator" badge on  
 RT  NYT: Details on Last Minutes of Doomed Air France Jet. 
 The mayor with bailey dog 
  yay! Bailey's invited too!
 RT  Now Live: The Tumblr Spotlight 
 just posted a pic: ( Strawberry Fields) 
 First GTS of the season  ( Bethesda Terrace w/ 2 others) 
 RT  If you're a Gaga fan get her entire new album on Amazon for just $0.99, today only, mp3 download. 
 oh no! RT  Newborn chicks that my Dad almost accidentally killed when cutting the hedges.Close call  
   oooh, I like this idea. B, here's your homework:  we'll chat this weekend :)
 RT  Feeling adventurous? Interested in running the NYC Marathon to support  Apply here: 
  omg! welcome to the internet! cc: 
 Frog legs on a little pig.  
 Puppy Mysteries - Chewing on iron or the Viking stove. How does that feel good? I get the baseboards or the... 
 Ice cubes are so delicious, especially on the carpet :)  
 Camp interactive NYC marathon kickoff! ( Livestream HQ w/     
 More allergy testing. This time with needles! Nothing like 10 shots to start your day :/ 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of ENT and Allergy Associates - Gramercy on  
 We are so cute. Hmm hmm hmm hmm.  
  ugh! I know!
 cc  RT  Nonstop flights to Martha's Vineyard from  for $136 R/T thru August:   
 RT  a sad day for Ditch Witch and her fans. the take-out wagon's last day has arrived. read about it here 
 New York Reveals Plan To Become America’s Next Top Digital City  via 
 Still sprained, but the show must go on.  ( Central Park - Great Lawn) 
  yessssss!
 testing out something SO COOL. I work with geniuses
 RT  SMS check-ins are BACK with a new shortcode, thanks to  US-only for now, int'l coming soon.   ...
 RT  New blog post:  SMS Powered by  
 I just ousted John L. as the mayor of Grom on  
 I'm at DOTGO (200 Varick, Houston, New York) 
 . just informed me that  will be delivering to montauk this summer. to that I say YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!
 More lunching and testing ( DOTGO) 
 RT   River at  stage in New Orleans. 
 RT  Free  movies start 6/20 w/ One Flew Over Cuckoo’s Nest. Also: Easy Rider, Cool Hand Luke, Airplane, more ...
 this sprained thumb of mine is really testing my patience 
  awww thanks :-) YOU make me smile!
 RT  Line Up of Cities Announced for SMW September 2011 Events and Your Chance Get Involved:  
  signal problem. Looks like I'm cabbing home :/
 RT  Both dir, 2 run on 5 line Nevins-149th; 1 susp 14th-96th; 3 susp Chambers-96th, due to switch/s... Read more at http:/ ...
 Wow, no 1, 2, or 3 service in either direction.  
 RT  Yonkers Looks To Revitalize With the Help of Startups -
 my thoughts exactly RT  Skype + Kinect = Pretty Awesome, actually.
 RT  Forbes roundup of early comments on the Microsoft-buys-Skype story.  
 RT  Wow, whatya know. We're advanced!: Cellphones to Get an Emergency Alert System - 
  YUM!
 Rooftop. Party. Best time in NYC.
 Celebrating / icing ( Firehouse) 
 Good: we won both of our softball games. Bad: I sprained the crap out of my thumb (catching an awesome out) 
 Hell YES!! ( Parkside Lounge) 
 Sweet alumni swag!!  ( Parkside Lounge) 
 Crawfish boil!     ( Parkside Lounge) 
 RT  Headed to a Crawfish Boil in NYC today.  Looking forward to watching  eat her own weight in sea food.  cc  ...
 I guess we'll see how excited I am when I can't lift my arms tomorrow. oh, and when I have to play a softball doubleheader tomorrow too! :)
 my first boxing class is tonight. i don't remember the last time I was this excited to work out!
 RT  Happy Cinco de Mayo! I could really go for a Skinnygirl Margarita. No salt, please. I don't want to look bloated.
 RT  Still CEO of the Wilson household  -  - I love this
 RT  10 reasons to support women in tech today, including $1000 in matching donations from Network Solutions!  http:// ...
 awesome! RT   new album is on YouTube, people! 
 RT  Q&A continues to rise. RT  Amazon has a Q&A product, Askville: 
 You know where to find me on Thursday..RT  Shake Shack's Thin Mint Custard To Make Up For Lack Of Thin Mints 
 RT  Look who's coming to NYC! Congrats to all. “ Check out the YouTubers selected for NextUp and Creator Institute htt ...
 RT  WE'RE HIRING. Amazing positions in the Lab, apply!  |  |  | http:/ ...
 here he is!
 RT  ABC's  reports that when Bin Laden's sister died, they got a subpoena for her brain, and that's the basis for the ...
 RT  The question now is, what exactly does it mean now that Bin Laden is dead? Does Al-Qaeda necessarily need him? Is this ma ...
 RT  Thoroughly impressed with Twitter's stability right now.
 RT  About to address the nation. Watch live: .
 still waiting for the broadcast channels to get with the program. Good thing the Internet gave me a heads up Obama's making an announcement
 Hah! RT  The President will announce that Saturday comes after Friday and that Sunday comes afterwards.
 whoa, for real!?  RT  House Intelligence committee aide confirms that Osama Bin Laden is dead. U.S. has the body.
 RT  Interweb's top picks on Obama speech:1)  Qadaffi, 2) Osama, 3) Screw-you to Trump, Alien first contact at 100 to 1.
 RT  Give your heart a hug.  Take it for a walk or run today.  
 getting Andy on the Internet, one step  a time ;) RT  welcome our developer, Andy -  to twitter!! 
 RT  Congress just sent Sony a letter asking for a number of answers related to PS3 data breach: 
 So insane (+ awesome!)! RT  So cute! RT  One-year-old YouTube star signs pro soccer contract 
 Just happened to walk by Glee shooting in Washington Square Park! ( Washington Square Park) 
 RT  We are on the clock... **jeopardy music playing** <<   
 The storm has arrived.  ( DotGo) 
  no kidding! glad I wore a long sleeve shirt today!
  eesh, yah getting itchy, but I dont think it's all of them, which I guess is a plus?
 Allergy testing. Lots of fun. Promise ;) 
 ya know, still not old +1 RT Could I convince you to release one more thing today  
 nothing like speeding into dark, ominous clouds with a tornado warning in the area. amtrak keeps tabs on these things, right??
    omg BEST. NEWS. EVER. count me first in line! and plz make it available on kindle :)
 RT  Huge news from one of our partners!  will be writing a  cookbook for  Gotham imprint! http:/ ...
 awesome. i'm on a moving train, and there's 2 tornados near by. hoping this works out ok...
 oh boy. on the train heading back to d.c. Mom called to say there's a tornado in the area. saying some prayers! 
 FOUND OUT
 That was quick! Back to NYC I go! P.s. It's totally summer here today  ( Union Station w/ 24 others) 
 First time in Union Station. ( Union Station) 
 Quick meeting in d.c. then back to new york! ( Union Station w/ 14 others) 
 Outdoor team lunch!  ( Caliente Cab Company) 
  I'm getting an error trying to download your android app: package file was not signed correctly. 
 war for mayor. it's on! RT  Going to try to beat Michelle at her own game ( w/  
 Yessss RT  New Beastie Boys' album stream: 
 RT  A bit late, but I helped launch a bunch of "social" stuff for Doctor Who including .  ...
 RT  Netflix earnings are out: 23.6 million subs, up from 20 million at the end of 2010; its fastest sub growth ever.
 RT  I'm so used to seeing people on mobile devices that when someone is sitting next to me, just watching people, it makes  ...
  hah, I don't, but would totally fall for it. 
 It's beautiful out!!
 Happy Easter! ( St. Matthew R.C. Church) 
 I keep wanting to say "my tooth hurts!" but really it's the lack of the tooth that hurts :(  
 RT  Really good post RT  How the New York City innovation community can still lose (and what you can do about it)  ...
 things I'm looking forward to tonight:  + nyc ballet workout! 
 RT  we're answering questions about SMS Marketing and our Reseller API over in the WarriorForum:  let us know  ...
 so digging Pixelmator today 
 cute time killer of the day: Cats. Where They Do Not Belong 
  lol 
 RT  Watch our  first video for  profiling Europe's stars: . It's YouTube, on YouT ...
    hah! yes, sorry it has done the same to me. impossible to not keep clicking that little arrow for more!
 Video:  
  our first female engineer is coming on board in june. Couldn't be more excited cc:   ;)
 Wow, what a game. Glad the Hornets just put it away ;) 
 RT  Profounder CEO & Kiva co-founder  offers great perspective on  blog re: motherhood & biz: h ...
  hahaha nice!  I'm jealous!
 haha yes indeed  Mobile, group buying and location based services, this time next year  will be worth INFINITY DOLLARS!!11
 Let's go Hornets!
 F5 party ( Hudson Hotel w/ 5 others) 
 Celebrating  at the dentist! Yay? ( Foursquare Day '11! w/  
 I just unlocked the "4sqDay 2011" badge on  
 Ooh la la! What do we have here!?   cc:  
 Third time at the dentist in a week. That's 3 times too many.
 Going to go get treated for a dry socket. Let's hope this goes better than the initial surgery  
  
 this site will destroy me:  
 So cute!  
 surprising not sick of either food yet, but did switch from mint to vanilla ice cream, and regular to cheesy potatoes today 
 Day 4 and still going strong on ice cream,  mashed potatoes, and pain killers while holding a warm pillow close... 
 RT  Join us in welcoming the second round of contributors to our Global Editorial Team!! 
 Yum RT Looking for an easy breakfast? ...this Raspberry & Nut Smoothie that takes 5 mins to make ”
 Waiting.g.on the laufging gassy. 
 Mmm kay, pre-op drugs are in. I wish I could set a disclosure warning on my tweets. I'll just use   
 Pre-op - Drugs are in. starting to get a little David after the Dentist thing going on.... 
 Photo: countryboylife: Such a great photo. 
 Brian's  RT ...the  video, give it a look...it's addictive :)  ”
  oh, you mean in between spoon feeding me jello ;) 
 what. a. day. so proud of the  team. there's lots to still improve, and so many other things to tackle, but  about the future!
 RT  In case you missed it: We launched DOTGO Publisher! Text Messaging is now available to all 100million Internet domains! http: ...
  :) did you get it all set up??
 Here's what I've been working on for the last few months: DOTGO Publisher!  Blog:  
 RT  Here's what we've been working SO HARD on the last few months! Check it out and let us know what you think!!...  ...
 RT  So, the vote is in. They want to name me Mia. But in my heart I'll always know that my true name is Mrs. Justin Bieber.
 Genius RT  RT  Sealy, you are brilliant.  iPhone app appends "in bed" to signs you take photos of.”
 RT  
 Let's go Butler! ( Brother Jimmy's Union Square) 
  yay! Congrats!!!
 RT  So glad  showed me  last week so I could fully appreciate this epic parody   
 YUM + FUN :) RT  excited for flounder friday dinner with  soon! then a night on the town with  and crew
  can't see the showroom for some reason. it's just a blank page. other pages on the site seem to load though...
 Bronx Zoo's Cobra Hijacks Ryan Seacrest's Twitter Account  I kind of love this  RT 
 RT  Who is this  fellow, does he set the standards in awards for web excellence? No, that's   a ...
 RT  Wikileaks...dancing. OMG. 
 RT  A start-up workspace for start-ups that don't exist yet. Almost took this for April Fool's. 
 RT  Great April Fool's redesign from  
 RT    a socially responsible venture to help fund  prevention
 yessssssss!! RT  Just regurgitated my iPhone. Oh, it's ssso on now. You'll never guess what's coming. 
 RT  Attn fans of  &  You can now instantly watch both shows streaming from  Details here:  ...
 Mayor Bloomberg at the  ceremony! 
 At the  awards! Hoping  wins! :) ( IAC w/  
    wooohoo! congrats!! 
  it's still up, but it's  rather than bronxzoocobra. I hope she keeps tweeting. Been enjoying it :)
 My avg. daily fitbit  for last week: 9,337 steps and 4.1 miles traveled. 
 there are no words:  cc:  (totally forgot who originally tweeted this. sorry!)
  no contest ;)
 so glad you came by! she loves her new toys!! thanks from us both!! RT  PUPPY TIME!!!!!!!!!  
  heee! thanks! she's sooooo lovely :)
 I'm just "snuggling" with your shoe, I swear  
 . Wait. I thought I had the most amazing dog ever! How can we decide this!? ;)
 EPIC! RT  After 4 years, Backyard FX is coming to an end. Thank you everyone who helped along the road. 
  I'd love one too. At least as an option!
 2 for 2 today with   Scheduled crate training is in full effect! 
 RT  Nexus S 4G software update starts today! It will be pushed to customers in waves over next 2 wks. No manual DL option. http: ...
 Srsly RT  It makes you swoon she's so cute. Right   lives with me!! 
 . look!  
 Mom, it's so hot out there  
     can't wait for you to meet her! gotta get her 2nd shots before date. 3 weeks or so :)
 I finally get how moms feel when they really, really want to check up on you, but they try to hard not to :) 
 awwww <3 <3 <3 RT    was well behaved. She spent most of her time nibbling my toes :)
  is spending the day with  I wonder what they're doing now..... and now... now as well. 
 So tasty :)  
  thanks :)
