 Watching cupcake wars w/ my kids. We're a strange bunch. :)
 Transitions: Promotion Weekend   
 The Value of Coaching   
   Would love to!  But I don't know that ATL could take all 3 of us in one dose. ;)
 And we just lost internet at the office. poo
 Monday morning! Narrowing down my priorities for the week. It's a list that never ends.
 Talking w/  & putting together my outline 4  conference track.
 G'night      so fun hanging out w/ the  experts. 
 G'bye          
 About to talk multi-site  at  Starts at 3pm. Come join.
 Listening to  at  .  Fight for valuable spiritual experiences for your preschoolers.
  I googled it. Zelosus. Your welcome.
 Talking to  at   If u r in  & don't follow him, u should.
 Moved to hanging out w/    & other kidmin genius bar peeps. I can feel myself getting smarter.
 RT  So good to talk with  Will send feedback soon. 
 Hanging out at the Speed Networking session at 
 Check out what I just got!!  Go  !   
 Summer Camp: The Theme   
  No VBS planned for this year. But pray for us. Seeking God 4 where He directs our community outreach in 2012.
 Connecting Parents w/ Summer Camp   
 Just finished the "Sea of Monsters" w/ the kids. I love lazy days like this.
 Happy 4th of July. Spending the day recovering from the  celebration yesterday.  
 Getting set up for our annual 4th of July event at Pellissippi State campus. Food, inflatables and worship. Should be fun.
 Connor& got talent. 
  Great spending time w/ your family. Praying your trip is awesome.
 RT  Getting breakfast  with   and family.  
  Well, I need 2 check twitter more often. We're about 10 mins from Farragut. Next time maybe.
  Maybe next time you come through.
 RT  "That's where I met Jesus. Daddy, can we go to church again sometime so I can see Jesus again sometime?" ~a 3 year o ...
 Making t-shirts for 'Glow In The Dark' night at camp.  
  I'll wave back. You're welcome to stop for a caffeine break.
 Connor & Emmy hanging out.  
 RT  Went grocery shopping today & found 'Caramel Corn Rice Cakes'.  Thx  / My pleasure. :)
  My coffee shrine rocks. I shall miss it while at summer camp. :(
 RT  In awe of God's power!  EEG showed no seizures! Thankful seems such a small word 2 what I am feeling ...
  I enjoyed our convo, as well. Glad to be on the journey with you.
 He's discovered a new passion. Lord have mercy.  
  Thanks!  Missed you this past week!
  Thanks for the b-day wish!
 RT  Leaders, are you apprenticing future leaders? 
  Were they white pants?!?
  Thanks
 Back home in E. Tennessee.  
 I favorited a  video  TobyMac - Get Back Up (Slideshow With Lyrics)
 The birthday boy is sufficiently stuffed. Thanks to Lambert's. "Home of the Throwed Roll"  
 Watching Connor play on the playground. Haven't done that in a long time.
 Headed to dinner w/ my parents,  parents and other assorted families. S/b entertaining.
 RT  Thank you  4 insight on "Leading Leaders of Special Needs Ministry"  
 Just opened up Keegan's suitcase after his trip.  He made it home with a pair of shorts and a pair of underwear.  Nice.
 He's home!! 
 Headed to pick up Keegan from his DC Trip. Cant wait to see him.
 Spoiled by  & her special teas. Sitting here wishing I had a cup.
  Yes. Sorry. First tweet was incomplete.
 Missed the pic of Connor's toothless grin. 
 Connor lost his first today!
  That's awesome!!  I love to hear when it sticks. :) It's a gift to do what we do.
 RT  I learned that God teaches me. He loves me & that's why He gives us rules."   
 RT   Who knew u were so tall & bright eyed :) (portrait by Josie)   /Lol!
 The Tween Bridge – Merging Experiences   
 RT  Church Leaders Daily Update is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    ...
 Worms, Compost & God   
 About to head to the Smokies double header tonight. But Connor's complaining his tummy hurts. Ugh!
  Worms are gross. I can put a brave face on but let's be honest. Yucky
  Thx for the reminder!
  I might actually argue that point. I've got a great job!!
 Taking the kids fishing today.
  No telling. Last week Connor told us he wanted to shoot a moose.
 Celebrating with Purpose   
 RT  Brought Josie to cracker barrel for her birthday breakfast before school. 9 its old! 
 Thinking about the kids coming to  tonight. Another opportunity to stoke the wonder of who God is in their lives.
 Recovering after soccer-PreK graduation- soccer- end of season celebration.  It's official. I'm a wimpy mom.
 Practicing for the first fishing trip of the summer.  
 At Keegan's 5th grade graduation. Really!?  How did that happen?
 Grabbing a cup of joe before another mtg. Been working on summer camp today. Getting excited!!
 K  Taking my spot once is forgivable. But twice?!?  Don't think so. kthxbyebye
     Hey! If there r still cases lying around, send me a copy. May b retro, but it still rocked.
 Parenting Litmus Test   
 RT  Praying for  & asking God for confirmation of complete healing today & quick recovery. Love ya bro!
 Coffee is God's way of saying, "Gina, I love u... Now get your butt out of bed."
 This was our dinner time fun tonight. www.storycubes.com. Everyone took turns adding to the story. Entertaining.
 RT  Free leadership seminar in Knoxville tomorrow from 5:30-6:30. Details at 
  Sorry friend. I mourn w/ u. Secretly glad it's u and not me. Bieber fever has not infected home yet.
 RT  RT  Watching Dr. Oz - carbs have the same effect on your brain as cocaine. That's crazy!/ call me an addict!
 Just started following  today. If u think he's great, u should meet his wife.
 RT  1st time  speaker  is one AWESOME kidmin. Check out her blog www.ginamcclain.com / thx 4 the shout out
 Fundraising the Razoo Way   
  I'm impressed. You're a better woman than I am. :)
  Can't believe Chris is graduating!  Tell him congrats!  What a big night.
 Tee It Up   
 RT  The Church in America is a "Faith-based" org seemingly full of fear & not faith! Faith Delivers while Fear Debilitates!
  Amazing!!  Congrats. Another beautiful Foster girl. Keep it up. ;)
 RT  If you missed it here is "Christ is Risen" from Church Online.    / Awesome
 Dear Little Caesar's Pizza, Take the minimum wage u pay the obnoxious sign holder & just add more cheese 2 your pizza. That's all. Thx
 Kidmin Conference 2011   
  Wha?  I'm confused
 Love  vision 4 his kids. "We don't nd 2 protect our kids from the church. We nd 2 prepare them 4 the church"  
 Attempting to "Guess that Speaker" on the  FB page.  I'm not very good at this.   
 Looking toward  in October.  Putting together my list of questions I want to ask some of these  leaders.
 Orange Squeeze: State of Church & Family   
  took my parking spot. Need ideas for revenge.
  Impressive. And in 3" heels to boot. Mine were only 2". You r the better woman... in white pants. :)
 RT    It's a rare skill that takes years to master, unless of course your naturally gifted like Gina
  LOL!!!  We'll find out!
 The Voices of Orange – Cass Brannan   
 Watching  video w/ the kids. Entertaining way to learn about forgiveness.  
  Have a great time tomorrow. Praying God's best thru u tomorrow.
 RT  Do you text or use your iPhone in front of others? Social consequences of handheld...   
  Oops!  That's funny...kind of.
 About to watch Connor play some soccer. Team name: C.L.E.T.S.= Charging Lions Eating Turkey Sandwiches. There's a story there.
   Would someone take notes on  breakout?
 RT  Schedule for CMX is out.  I'll be up against  / should we place bets?
  No.  was on a coffee break. But he did give the guy a few pointers.
  We were just planning our trip.  likes 2 b strategic w/ those blue light specials.
 Hanging out w/  getting the little man's hair cut.  
 A gr8 reason 2 make the Orange Specialist Meet & Greet at  Could change your ministry.    
 Listening 2 yesterday's cmconnect podcast w/  &   Entertaining.
 The Voices of Orange   
 Lit Conference 2011   
 Check out how your  can help Alabama recover.  Act now!  
 The Elephant in the Pew   
 Orange Squeeze – Innovative Ideas to Partner w/ Parents   
 Grabbing coffee before prayer meeting w/ the family min team. Love working w/ this group.
 Kidmin Product Review: Spiritual Parenting DVD Series   
 RT   just wrote a blog about my experience today  / fpKIDS volunteers amaze me. Thx Biddle!
 Hanging out on the back deck. Love Sunday afternoon.  
  I did make it home safely.  Thx to Starbucks.  It was an awesome week.  Thanks so much for all you did.
  was amazing but nothing compares to connect4 w/ my 5yo in his Captain America underwear.
 RT  What the world are QR codes and why should I care? 
  Feeling is mutual. Next time maybe u can introduce me to an IKEA spiritual experience.
  So glad u could b at   It's such an honor to know you.
  So fun to meet u too. I'm sorry we didn't get to chat more. Looking forward to some future convo.
 RT  So beautiful of a job to open and close the conference with Worship!
 Got to chat w/  &  at  Two ministry guys worth connecting with.
 RT   Come get  unbirthday cake n suite 30  // lol! That  is a card.
 Sitting up front & center for Sue Miller's breakout session. Who's coming to this one?
  Baylor fan or not,  is a firecracker. U two would b a dangerous combo. ;)
 Hey  Met  yesterday at   An she still thinks your cool.
 Headed into  breakout session.  Let me know if you're coming!
 RT  Talked to  of  If u r at  & looking for staff, he's the best in the country.
 Breakfast w/     &  Yeah!
 How to Mobilize Kids & Youth to Serve in Kidmin   
  TweetUp immediately following Family showcase at 9pm in Orange Leader lounge. (Up the escalator)
 That   Always the wise guy  RT  Need to breathe so much better than waiting to exhale. 
 Hanging in the Orange leader lounge. Would love to connect w/some  preschool leaders. Come find me 
  Skipped last breakout. :0 Hanging out in Orange Leader lounge capturing interviews. Can I interview you?
  Would love to. I'll look for u afterward.
 Excited about  breakout 'Separating the Wheat from the Chaff-What's really happening w/ the family'. S/b good.
  Love you and miss you.
 Orange Day 1: Thoughts of Randomness   
 We r stewards of the message of eternal life.  We r also stewards of the message of a better life.   
 RT  I hear Rebecca Black is singing tonight!  FRIDAY! // Isn't that after Thursday?!?
 RT  Are you at  ?  Wanna see cool apps for your ministry?  Go see the guys at the ROAR booth.
  Miss you guys, as well!  Would pay good money for a smile from your little man. :)
 Next session: Build a safe & successful special needs ministry. 
  I always feel like somebody's watching me. 
 Sitting in Joy Bowen's breakout session at  Looming forward to what she has to share.
  Just let me know when you've got some time. Would love to chat.
  Yep. I'm at Orange. Where r u?
 Final dress rehearsal for     
 Hanging out w/  and the blogging team at  Excited to get to hang out with these leaders.
 RT  PARENTS!! Does your kid dress like a HOOCHIE MAMA OR HOOCHIE DADDY? Read more at   
 RT  CMO:  Speaking at Orange for the first time  / don't miss my friend   A great ldr
 RT  Have you seen what the "One Thing" in ministry is for some terrific  leaders? Read the series here:  ...
 RT   Coffee, Connection, & TweetUp 10p on Wed  www.chocolateperks.com -chance 2 Win a FREE IPAD
 Orange-bound   
  Thanks!  My hubs  has some skill. He takes care of me.
 Enjoying a day w/ the family before heading to  tomorrow.
 Easter Thoughts – Leadership Challenges   
  Following u now.  Happy Easter to u!
   That always works for me!  :)
 Watching PeeWee Hermans Big Adventure.  has never seen this movie. Lucky him.
 Enjoying a cup of coffee roasted by  Yummy
 Speak the Truth with Boldness   
 His team is white (live at )
 Connor is  (live at )
 I'm live on Ustream! Check out my show:  9:28 AM EDT
 Here we go. Another soccer game for Connor.
 RT  tonight at 7:00 Pellissippi Campus First Easter Celebration  this weekend will be off the chart with 1 ...
 RT  Are you using God to the Rescue in  this weekend: Here's a link to an Easter coloring placemat you can use! http: ...
 RT  As you prepare for Easter with your family, read through the Easter story in The Jesus Storybook Bible
 RT  The worst Friday anyone could ever have is the best Friday the world will ever know. 
  Yeah. And our preschoolers r livin' it up on FB. We start 'em young.
 I just sent a mass email out addressed to a bunch of toddlers telling them about Child Dedications.  But they can't read.  I'm a dork.
 I'm really not as cool as I think I am.
 My Rant    
 Sitting in a room of people that have never seen the movie "Raising Arizona". It's not right.
 Can We Please Get This Straight!   
  You flatter me.  I don't deserve that.  Hope you're great.  :)
 Making Preschool Rock – The Why   
 Equipping Volunteers – The Illuminate Conference   
   Well get off your keester. (is that how u spell that?)
  C'mon Sprat clan. We'll take u in basketball.
 Hanging out w/  & kids on the back porch. Enjoying the TN weather.
 RT  Hey East Tn. please help me get the word out for  May 12 I promise your leadership will be ...
   C'mon by the house. We're on the back porch!
 RT  Wearing my  shirt today.. Check them out-  Great mobile apps!
 RT  Church Leaders Daily Update is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     ...
 Making Preschool Rock – Activities   
 RT  CMConnect LEADERSHIP Conf Speakers:    more here:  
 Kidmin Conference 2011 – Who I Can’t Wait to Hear From!   
  That's just what I said!!  Totally scriptural. :)
  Train up a child in the way that he should go... Right?  Totally scriptural.
 Just loaded the kids up w/ sugar from Menchie's. My friend, Maggie, would b jealous.
 Ready to train up my 1st born to use the espresso machine. Then he could be my personal Barista.
 RT  Good morning so far in church:  loved  biscuits and gravy and donuts in Sunday school, and candy hunt!
 A 4yo tells his mom, "Mom!  Jesus died on the cross and saved the world!". 
  Be careful.  may self-induce a meat coma.
 I use  to chat with all my groups. Do you? (You should.)  
 Had a great convo w/  today. Yes. I'm bragging.
 Lunch w/  &  at the Soup Kitchen in Oak Ridge. Yummy.
 T-minus 60 minutes to Operation: No More Tears!  First of 6 shows. Your kid does not want to miss this!  Get here.
 The Mission Field of the 21st Century 
  That's amazing!  Thx 4 sharing. Combine wks is gr8.  Look forward 2 hearing more.
 Making Preschool Rock- Worship   
 I'm live on Ustream! Check out my show.  Connor's up:   11:23 AM EDT
 I'm live on Ustream! Check out my show. Josie's defending goal:  11:16 AM EDT
 I'm live on Ustream! Check out my show:  11:09 AM EDT
 Two soccer games at the same time. This should be fun!
 Lost my wallet today.  Nice.
 Listening  talking about NextGen leaders.  
 RT  Listening to  going on right now  pwd: kidmin2011   
 RT  First up to kick of the  at 9:00am (est) will be Glen Cleary KingsKiwi 
 About 2 meet w/ an awesome group of volunteers b4 launching wk2 of   rocks!!
  Keegan is getting closer and closer to 6'. Crazy!
 RT  I'm live on Ustream! Check out my show:  11:15 AM EDT
 RT  I'm live on Ustream! Check out my show:  9:53 AM EDT
 At Connor's 1st soccer game w/   They're too cute!! 
 RT  It's not just what you do, it's what you decide not to do.  New blog post:   
 RT  PARENTS!! there is a difference between telling & tattling! My 9 year old explains it, read more at   ...
 Took Connor to Keegan's 5th grade musical tonight. He's a fun date.
  How'd u know?!?
 One word to describe today. Cra-zy!!
 Meeting w/ a  leader in the Knoxville area. I enjoy these conversations.
 Vote for Jared   
 30 minutes away from all-staff mtg w/ some amazing  staff. Can't wait. 
 Listening to  video of Chris Wiersma.  He's making me think.
  Wow.  Thx for the 'favorite' & the RT.  :)
 Short-selling God   
 Week 1 of  complete. Big hit!!  Kids loved it. Volunteers had a blast!!
  Sorry for a tough day but excited for your win!!
 RT  Today my 5th grade small group leader passed away & today Im reminded why Ive chosen to do   w my life / Amen!
 RT   Well, it does say come as you are/ True. But we're not adding '...even commando' to the tagline anytime soon.
 Just got Connor ready for bed only to find he'd gone 'commando' to church. Nice.
 T minus 3 hours and we launch week 1 of God to the Rescue in fpKIDS. Pumped!! 
  So glad u &  got to meet up. Heard  was amazing.
  Awesome.  Can't wait to hear how it turns out.
   Too bad I give u guys so much material to smack talk about.
 This Cracked My Kids Up   
 It's official.  Just registered for   Can't wait to meet up with some  &  friends.
 Clearly not enough sleep last & not enough coffee today. Time for an afternoon cup o' Joe
 Messing w/ propresenter 2day. Someone should know better than to let me do this.
 RT  PUNK'D!  THE EPICPARENT.TV VERSION!  Watch here    
 30 Minutes… and counting   
 The Decline of Starbucks   
 RT  I'm at Ted's Cafe Escondido in Edmond, OK  // I'm jealous. Eat some tortillas for me!
 RT  This has me thinking right now: "The behavior I complain about in others is the very behavior that justifies me." / Ouch!
 RT  It's snowing........again.  // and the redsox still suck. So life is still good. C'mon now.
 RT  Excited to use the God to the Rescue curriculum tonight!  // Wow. Can't wait to hear how it goes!
 Journaling for Leadership   
 Really enjoyed chatting w/  today. Great  conversation about philosophy & methodology. Challenged to dig deeper.
 Don’t Be a Negative Ninny   
 RT  My friend  is looking to make it to the next round vote small town kidmin here  
 RT  “Don’t try to be the best church in your community, be the best church for your community” Eric Swanson / that's good
  that's a prerogative only adults w/o kids have. Once kids arrive on the scene suddenly you're the example. 
 RT  It's a  Cinderella story in the making.  Make the unexpected happen... every vote counts!
 RT  Don't be thinking common when you're uncommon!  
  Great!!  Can I borrow it for an indefinite amount of time?
  And I'm jealous.  Just plain jealous.  :)
 Confessions of a Leader: Fearing Failure   
 RT  Have you heard about Book In the Attic?     // this one is fun!
 RT  help get us 25+ fans so we can get our domain name! 
 RT  When kids are emotionally fed, they tend to act out less - Power of Parent Child Play  
 Hey  Thx for a great trip to SoCal. I'm enjoying the Knoxville sun again. ;)
 My 5yo just told me the whole Bible story of Jesus healing the crippled man based upon one craft. Love 
 RT  I'm excited to speak this morning  // it's gonna be fun people, see you there at 11:30! /Preach it, Cliff!
 Ready to board leg  of flight home. Interesting mix of folks on this flight.
 Sad that I missed  while in Cali. Great time w/  & the Cornerstone family. Up & ready 2 c  & kids!!
 RT  “ Happy Birthday to  One of the best  I know!” // Ditto!
  I'm on the edge of my seat!
 RT  Totally excited out the parenting conference starting tonight with  // I'm ready!
 RT  Cast ur vote for my friend  Small Town Kidmin in the Southwest Regional list!  
  United. At gate B49 right now. Where r u?
 Just touched down in Denver. I'm not a fan of airplane toilets. Looking forward to getting off... now. :)
  Oh My Word!!  Unbelievable how big they r!  Weren't they just in Toon Town yesterday?!?  Not right
 Packing & getting excited 2 hang out w/  & his church this weekend.
  I know what u mean. The scale tends tip in the testosterone direction around here. Not tonight!
   Lol!  The chocolate was yummy. Now on to Karate Kid 2 while doing doll hair. This is foreign in my home. :)
 Girls night at the McClain home. Strawberries, chocolate fondue & lots of giggles. Girls r fun.
 Josie's getting her hair cut. So much hair for such a little girl.
 Don't you hate it when you put something out on the internet for all to see... AND THEN find typos?!?  Love it.
 RT  Get LIT!   ,  , and much more packed into a great 1 day event for only $89.
 RT  God to the Rescue Release Party! //   
 RT  want to hear  &  talk about leadership on the same day?  don't miss it.  ...
 Engaging Parents on the Journey   
 The 60 Second Challenge   
 RT  March Blogging madness is here vote for  SW division  
  Lol.  It's not a lack of caring friend.  Just helping u keep your nasal blemishes under the twitter radar.
  Something tells me you don't tweet about it.
 tweeted about this fun video last night but didn't include a link.  sorry to leave u hanging.  :)  
 Our idea for a Collaborative Kidmin Curriculum.  via 
 The 60 Minute Challenge   
  Weekend use of the iPad2?  That's gr8!  I've got an old iPaq I'll give away.  You don't even have to vote for my blog.  :)
 I had fun watching this today.  Check out a great song and some creative use of the iPad2.
  Thx so much for the RT!
 Leading Through Change   
 Ministry-to-Children's Blog Madness   Time to vote, friends.
 I heart these...  
 RT  Hanging out at market square in downtown   / Sat afternoons w/ the family r fun.
  I did!  Looks great!  This series will rock!!
  GroupMe is awesome. We use it for our  staff and our small group. Love it.
 Just got our  Cue Box for April in the mail. Kids r pumped about the "1st Place Mats". S/b fun.
 Rich time w/  leaders this morning in Knoxville. Amazed how God works creatively through us.
 Hanging out w/ some  leaders at Bearden UMC this morning. Talking about how 2 effectively connect w/ parents.
 Had a great convo w/  today talking  She's got a lot to contribute. Excited to collaborate w/ her.
 RT     we had a blast! Got all 5 wks taped - now onto the editing... // can't wait!!
 Just got 'road raged' by  & 
  Enjoy your day. Hope u get some time w/ that grandson. :)
 The Almighty Bible   
 Took the day off to spend w/  for his birthday. Going to b a great day.
 Happy Birthday to my hubs   This man rocks!
 Watching a show on TLC on ultimate couponing. Curious if  is this obsessed.
  Yes. My iPhone. Just finished wiping it completely. Now resetting everything. Hoping that fixes it.
  Congratulations!! How beautiful.
  Now I've got that song "What Is  Love" stuck in my head. Thanks
  They're talking vegetables, man. She's got a point.
 Phone charged all night yet battery charge was 99%. Has dropped 10% in an hour. That's a problem.
   Certainly not an experience I was planning for this evening. I blushed. :)
 On a conference call w/  talking about Family Ministries. Learning from Fellowship church in Little Rock. Great team.
  Not at this point. Love the concept. Just haven't launched it at FP yet.
 At Josie's 3rd grade musical. This chick loves to sing.  
 RT  We're so excited  is 1 of our keynote speakers  KidMin. She's simply amazing!!!! // So excited!
 RT  A change in thinking that can help you spend your time as a parent more wisely:    ...
  Praying for u
  It is a sweet coffee machine. :) Great to share a cup w/ u guys this morning.
 Headed to dinner w/    & the kids. S/b fun!
 T-minus 2 hours & Chris Caine takes the stage at  Be ready. God's going to jack some people up.
 Home w/ a sick child while  is watching Keegan play basketball. Still able to watch via Ustream. That's cool.
 Looking forward to  &  coming to visit tomorrow night. Where should we take them to dinner?
    Queen? Really? Going too far. I'll take princess. Or debutante. :) U guys crack me up.
  Really enjoyed our convo as well. Next week should be fun. Looking forward 2 more details about Yukon Ho. :)
 Watching the latest episode of  w/  Love just spending time w/ him.
  whipped out the netti-pot. Reminds me of an old post from  "Am I ready for the netti?"
  whipped out the neti-pot. Reminds me of an old post from  "Am I ready for the neti?"
 RT  Just confirmed:  is speaking at Orange this year! We're excited. Pass it on.   
 RT  Does your ministry use a social network site? Looking for feedback for Wegather.com
 I resolve to use the word 'indefitatibly' in a meeting this week (w/o spitting on anyone). 
  One of the many reasons  love the Golden family. :)
 RT   and I just had a spontaneous nerf gun fight w/ the kids./ surprised by the size of our nerf gun arsenal.
 Marriage & Parent Summit + full weekend in fpKIDS at  = ex-hau-sted. 
 RT  Fpkids Blount is looking for a few kind people to sub this morning. C'mon... It'll be fun!
  So glad 2 b a part of an amazing experience at the Marriage & Parent Summit at  Looking forward 2 next year.
 Headed to the Marriage & Parent Summit at  Leading parenting session 3x 2day. Man, by round3 we're gonna' rock at this. :)
 Listening to  speak at the  Marriage & Family Summit. Appreciate his heart for marriages.
 RT  Had a great meeting with    yesterday. Fun and productive. Easter is going 2 rock! 
 Excited about the Marriage & Parent Summit tonight  Teaching w/  on Leading Your Kids Spiritually
 Orange Week: Best Relationship   
  Oh no!!  But it started so well!  Enjoyed starting the workday w/ u. See u Sunday.
 Orange Week: Best Breakout Session   
 RT  In 2 weekends we will have  speaking  I'm pretty sure it will rock some faces off. / Ditto
  Would u find it interesting to know I own one?  Ask me when I used it last.
 On my way to a leadership mtg w/    &  Will miss 
 RT  Last day to sign up for the Marriage & Parenting Summit  church! Info here: 
 RT  Took a shot at  today in a meeting. Will probably pay for it soon ;)/ Cue evil laugh. Mwahahahahahahahaha
 Orange Week: Best Orange Speaker So Far (imho)   
 New content:  Multi-site  systems  
 Multi-Site Systems: Production Timelines   
 RT  Son, in the future cars will fly and people in Tron suits will sing very badly in front of millions of people.  /ROLF
 RT  Will.I.am looks like Judge Dredd in that leather // Lol!  Too true
 80's montage ala Black Eyed Peas. Interesting. 
 Josie: Mommy, I need one of this light up suits.". 
 FINALLY!!  
 RT  God's favorite worship has to be from children, they are so precious, it makes my heart smile to hear them sing out to Him
  Might get u to heaven a little sooner. :)
  Thanks for the tip.
 RT  ugh, the stomach bug just reared it's head in our house, pray for containment and healing// oh the joy!
  Looks incredible!!  Great job.
  I'm with you. Middle of the night & early morning feedings were the hardest for me.
  Hoping you got some sleep!
 Basketball game w/ Keegan then date w/  Should be fun.
   Welcome home!!
   User error?!?  Thought u had more faith in me than that.
 Leaving  Blount campus. fpKIDS is set & ready to rock the weekend.
 Mac's never crash. Mac's never crash. Mac's never crash. Why is mine crashing?
 Multi-Site Systems: Where’s my stuff?!?   
  My dinner last night consisted of Oreo cookies w/ some little friends & sweet potato fries when I got home.  Yike!
 Hanging out w/ kids at the FPC  Blount campus tonight. An awesome experience. 
 Multi-Site Kidmin Systems   
 No hesitation. Already in my pj's. Nuf' said.
  Awesome.  He's almost as cool as you, huh.  :)
 RT  Collide Magazine | Your Church and the App Store  //  got a mention (plz RT)   
 If it's going to take my PC this long to boot up it should, at least, make me a latte while I wait.  
  I'm so sorry. Not a fun game to play.
  Lol!  If there isn't , there should be.
 I've officially passed the "You're embarrassing me!" parenting milestone. Oh the joy.
  Lol. Great to see u guys today. Will b praying for your lil' slugger. ;)
  That's hysterical!
 Glad to b home w/  & kids. Ready to crash.
 Listening to  Awake CD. Love her voice.
  tried to tell me ATL traffic isn't bad. Surely u jest.
 Great spend a few minutes w/    &  Grateful for their commitment to investing in leaders.
 Watching cupcake wars w/ my kids. We're a strange bunch. :)
 Transitions: Promotion Weekend   
 The Value of Coaching   
   Would love to!  But I don't know that ATL could take all 3 of us in one dose. ;)
 And we just lost internet at the office. poo
 Monday morning! Narrowing down my priorities for the week. It's a list that never ends.
 Talking w/  & putting together my outline 4  conference track.
 G'night      so fun hanging out w/ the  experts. 
 G'bye          
 About to talk multi-site  at  Starts at 3pm. Come join.
 Listening to  at  .  Fight for valuable spiritual experiences for your preschoolers.
  I googled it. Zelosus. Your welcome.
 Talking to  at   If u r in  & don't follow him, u should.
 Moved to hanging out w/    & other kidmin genius bar peeps. I can feel myself getting smarter.
 RT  So good to talk with  Will send feedback soon. 
 Hanging out at the Speed Networking session at 
 Check out what I just got!!  Go  !   
 Summer Camp: The Theme   
  No VBS planned for this year. But pray for us. Seeking God 4 where He directs our community outreach in 2012.
 Connecting Parents w/ Summer Camp   
