  ooooo, sorry, little touchy today.... 
  so you are saying you are not influential about lady gaga 
  is that all it takes?
   
   uh, where are you exactly....?
   do they have a special hall just for all the   ?
 Getting ready for the music never stopped 
 Ode to stein,..... you see something, skate something 
 And then what is next??
 Happy Fourth of July!!  After hauling rocks to celebrate, I am going to relax!!
  Ya, fresh and cool....
 Happy Fathers Day! Especially tto my Dad who is most awesome!
 RT  "Men are afraid to forget their minds, fearing to fall through the Void w/nothing to stay their fall." Huang Po
  well if your gonna do it....
  way to go with your new  ebook 
 Nooooo.....American light lager   
 English milds was a slugfest...but schwarzbiers was easy.  
 Ok Belgian strong...you need to make up for American hefe and APAs... 
 Oh..and the batleywines?   
 Starting off with viennas...how is work?  
  way to do it! what a day for it as well!
   this is what I imagine your shower looks like 
 Running with the deer this morning. 
 stop your planking! 
 well ....they it is.... worth it?
   are you kickin' in the  
 and the crises of capitalism 
 Terence McKenna.....hallelujah 
  can you ever really have too many??
 Not sure whether to laugh at this or not....Obi-Wan Kenobi Is Dead, Vader Says  
 CONGRATULATIONS SARA! Commencing as we speak!  
 and on a lighter note, what is the status of abe vigoda? 
 at what cost?
 I love watching the fresh powder spray out in front of me as I run but  
  I thought that was part of it   
 "you can do the joe mcnally origami thing" -  - Zack Arias   
 "giving away chase jarvis' hasselblad" -  - Zack Arias   
 Oh yeah, graduation...not the time for easily getting around campus...
 Wow - FREE for 2 days: How to build mobile apps start to finish. Steve Jobs would approve. Only at 
   RT . signing resolution   supports democracy in Iran.   why don't they support it in Utah
 RT  Streaming some  to motivate me to complete some paper work this morning  
 Aw, and the beautiful spring blizzard blasts into   
   oh man 
     
   no.... IS one of the backup singers from Xanadu! 
   I thought that was 
  you didn't say it had to be easy!
  that suitcase will be hard to lug 
   will love these skateboards 
 RT  YouTube Video of the Day: Peter Jackson Takes Us Behind the Scenes of The Hobbit    -Oh man, so exciting!
  RT  Happy Birthday,  !  WHAT? Happy BIrthday!!
   Happy BIrthday!
   It has everything to do with it.  Then    needs to come clean...
   Hitler smoked cannabis? Does that have anything to do with  's  Dick Nourse story? 
  cause they added all those zeros...does it have broader lens support??
 RT  : Amazing article in Vanity Fair: Of the 1%, by the 1%, for the 1% -  via 
   whaddya gonna do?
   the keyboard is not that bad, little weird to go out for numbers etc....but then you don't have to lug a keyboard around...
  ....because......?
  RT k folks.... please follow  & give me as many RT's as possible for the contest I launched today!! Be sure to enter.
 I don't know what is so funny about  but ...it's funny 
  cmon girl, get outside a bit...
  your in that right?
  or are you teasing? 
  where is the sign up?
   are you sh-sh-shakin'?
   Thanks 
   did you and   +   get locked up for those scandolous.... ??
  oh that pant-suit is gonna 
  oh...nor sure you will get past 
 Oh yeah, spring in Utah. 
  why don't they just get it over with and run everyone else out to a  ?
   oh man,   surely they will add more...?
  wait, wait let me guess.....apple.....
 and then congress pledges it's allegiance 
 oh man, who is next? ♫ 
  Happy Birthday Dawg!
  can't wait.
 Happy St. Patrick's Day....pinch, and Happy Birthday G!
 I just earned the 'Mad Love Ultimate Fan Badge' badge on CBS.com!
  well  know....
       mmmm I love the smell of   ...in the morning...
  yeh, its cleansing...
    
   I only hope this can repay the searing pain I have in my skull from that morsel 
  RT   There's gonna be a Sugared Magnolia tasting party.  
  awesome avatar
   hilarious...and double ironic entendre....?
 they are trapping hipsters now?? 
   thanks 
  exactly my point brother.....late...
  nope 
 RT  Is six-thirty too soon to go to the bar?  
 Jammin' with my air band brothers on the  where is  with the accoutrements or at least a 
  trust me  
   did he tell you what he was wearing??   
    yeh  
   oh and uh, limit TWO per order....
   well you are quite confident....I will need a  of help
  it says two weeks.....
   I tell him that all the time
   yeh, it is...
    8~}
  RT :  I love you just the way you are! cc:   --awww, tender, 
     ooo, oooo, me too!
  RT : The only good news to come out of the  ? :  "Buttars retires" -  Via  oh man 
 Wishing everyone in Japan well! :-(  quake photo gallery from kyodo news, 
   ha ha ha,Cc:    Oh man I was gonna say the same thing 
  but for reasons unexplained, you love the monkey man.....
    And Polk Audio is awesome! what are you guys getting the band back together?
    
  that is good because 
   those don't vanish as fast as you would think...
   or at least a 
   what about a  ?
  bright-eyed and bushy tailed after that....
  it is better than coffee, and your day is so much brighter!
  RT  If concealed carry makes campuses safer, then why don't we allow them in the Statehouse, to mak… (cont) 
    you just described every one of apple's customers...
  agreed  
   Way to go dog!
  namibian ....LADIES!
  RT : Too much GOP control? "There's a plus and a minus to this both ways," Pres. Waddoups says.   ---the PLUS?
   RT Hey Twitter, give  some birthday greetings. Happy BIrthday 
 oh yeh, happy international ladie's day  ♫ 
   looks like you and  are  
 Putting the FAT in  
 Happy Fat Tuesday   tempsroulez 
   I will do it, but i'm  a 
 GOBsmacked by snow in sandy, get down to orem and there is just a skiff,   
   man you and me both,  here,  there!
  is that tiger blood?
 There our legislators go again,     Bagley cartoon | The Salt Lake Tribune
  nobody  like you....your 
 punching through 8-10 inches of snow for my run in the gully    
 Punching through 8-10 inches of snow for my run in the gully   
 Punching through 8-10 inches of snow for my run in the gully    
 Oh..the snow is a little more serious down here in  
 Maybe this is the real 
   I am not sure. I did go to the one at the Aikikai...
 20.000 leagues under the snow....   
 It must be  Sunday the store is packed...people buying  and 
  I effin' love that story....
   I also like to dream that one day he won't be in the senate.... 
   yes, whatever gets you by...
   wink, wink, yeh, 
 consumately savoring the delicate flavor of bureaucracy...
 all that sun might give you the impression you won't be cut to ribbons by this cold 
 and you may find yourself....freezing your *** off.... ♫ 
 Theater is packed to the gills for "the greatest movie ever sold"  
  stand by your man......
  I have wanted to hear more of  he has both kinds....country AND western.
   meant "I love you too" non-ironically.  
   UMW really liked the Instructure demo we had  --yeah, our instructors went  
 Instructure training and  gets called out on  
   sounds like a 
   You have a PILE of babies? Where, in your garage?  (bcc:  
  can you get the protestors every time?
  volunteering and attending  
 and the cold and snow blow in.... 
 Now waiting to get into the "red state"  
 Icing on the cake ...free slider at 
 Two for two ..."my idiot brother" is hilarious 
 Waiting to get into "my idiot brother" 
 Find the hope  
 "the ledge" was excellent 
 Waiting to see "the ledge" at 
 Ready to start my first shift at   
 I let go of my broken dreams I let go to the mystery... ♫ 
  RT : "hey, someone should crochet a sandworm with Muad'Dib riding it."   I <3  
 hmmm....I am governor Jerry Brown.....8-0 ♫ 
 New Year, Old Job, Here we go, 
 Happy New Year, celebrate by pointing your skis cross-country 
  Thanks....sorry I missed it....your wishes that is...not my birthday 
 Silver fork lodge for breakfast in the snow  
  Happy Birthday! 8-0
  oh you should have come over to my house, you and  his new fangled device...
 Guess I can stop bellyaching about a  now!  
 wait snow...don't melt 
   you know georgia is...    
 Enter to win a Mamiya RZ67 PRO IID ProValue Pack from Scott Bourne and  Pls RT. Info at: 
 Waiting to sign up for my shifts at sundan e film festival 
  I'm good, just bein' sure the main artery wasn't cut...
  dawg, your paypal isn't down now is it?
   all bava, all the time  oo, except now, cause  chasen came down on him like the US on assange 
 Mean old levee taught me to weep and moan ♫ 
   
   sublety? bourdain?  
  I think there is one downtown as well, but I don't know who runs it.  
   talk to 
   Well, when a problem comes along,    
  oh and I forgot  
  the sight of you wearing a santa suit, hugging michael chasen, tugs at every  heart string I got! 
  doh, wait, doesn't work for me...
  so how can you tell if you are 40?
   so that happened to you?
  Actually thinking of buying one of these.  
   srsly? 
   
 Rudolph, you don't have to put on the red light!   
 lookin' for a chateau... ♫ 
 Lots pf free parking on sb I-15 at PG...
   oh sorry, 
 "Can y'all control the glitter"   
 "we got a table and a birdcage, that ought to work nicely"    
 "my one diva request is a rolling chair"   
 "that is the kind of thing that bother's alot of people, I don't really care so much"   
  Thanks 
 "It is a dead end road to think that your going to be the best photographer in the world"  
 " If you don't want to see a bunch of naked people, don't go to his website"  
 "Lebron James should have stayed in cleveland"  
 "today's word of the day is moist"  
 " I generally say hide your stuff"  
 " Bands are usually almost always awkward"  
 "here I am lying in a mud hut all day watching prison break on my ipod"  
 "i'm gonna have y'all stand like you own this place"  
 "you have got the sad model look down, already"  
 "and awkward pause"  
 "i care what it is I can do in life, I don't care what brand it is"  
 "I need a tripod, I need a trampoline, I need balloons"  
 "I want to bring life, bring beauty to my clients projects."  
  "cameras are toys and toys are meant to be played with."   
 Oh yeah, and for the holidays I forgot to wish you a murray christmas     
 "I have photographed life when death was all around"   
 "photoshop is the game"  
 Christmas season must be upon us as Adam Sandler's Hanukkah song has breached the airwaves 
  making tasty  
     
  floating with   
   that is a total bargain...
  
  I will totally take care of that for you  
  shoulda liquified the  
  He shared a needle RT    how did youget the red badge? He has diabeetus? 
  man those  are scary...
   how did youget the red badge?
 RT  are you nervous in your art & business?  if not, i offer you this: 
 Your enemy? Human man?  
 My bus shows up 30 min late...the driver is driving like he might nod off...then he misses the exit. 
 what I meant to say was ...next up  
 not so sure me and this day will come to the same end 
   just send this to the trolls   
 A ranch fountain? Only in  what next a fry sauce fountain? 
  uh?  
  maybe your other wife has good coconuts 
  you mean like..... ? Whoohoo!
  done 
 My bus driver was takin' the corners like a stunt driver this morning, WOOOOOHOOO!   
   so, you do that normally?
  well looks like your birthday! Happy Biirthday!
   take it where you can get it!
   is that all,  
 RT  Betsy Stanford turns 107. She credits her long life to beer.     
 Whaddya say when a 50 ton bus starts sliding?  
 Here is your dang Snowpocalypse    
 and by that I mean Happy Thanksgiving!
 oh yeah, remember brothers and sisters....be thankful ♫ 
  Don't do it, unless it is on someone nasty....
 and then the deer run through your yard, 
   RT Irony = watching tons of Facebook users complain -TSA is invading their privacy.  
   don't you mean  ? 
  definitely not good! 
 since it is Friday, remember Don't feed the hipsters, 
  I can totally "see" that  
  wow, what kinda neighborhood do you live in?
  Love those... 
 Way scarier than most stuff... 
  you smell like a sharpie
  better than cats...
   sniff...sniff
   
  yeh, 
    
   Prince William's finally in the iTunes store and Paul McCartney is  getting married. is that 
  seems like maybe you already did....
 RT  New Blog Post: Life Is Short -  - Thanks Dave so true...
 Interesting video about the language of music trailer 
 Now if you want to make a show good.....just add some walken....the walken dead   
 'Til I let go of a broken heart I let go to an open heart I let go of my broken dreams I let go to the mystery ♫ 
   I don't suppose you would share those??  
  Can't you just make a seating chart in second life? 
 I'll take the one with sprinkles....
     or this perhaps 
   it means you have lupus!
   uhh, 
   you need to take that whole pocket frog conversation offline 
  Down by the river?  I think he does both. In a tiny van.
  only in the nicest possible way...
  should be here to see the epic slides 
 the instructional designers in the haus get your buzzwords out .... 
  very NICE! 
  don't they go together?
 hmmm...A good thought for today...
  terts? turtles? tertiary colors? tert reform?
   in so many ways....
 Just another day on campus....then Alien walks by.... 
     Does he have sexy glasses? You can only imagine....not sure about the chaps tho....8-0
  he came to fix deine cable??
   you should see  he is dressed up for halloween, as a librarian.
   No idea why  has such an issue with it....
 Happy Q Halloween! 
 heard in the bus "they go to catholic church like, religiously" hmmm 
  practically gone already.
  your birthday? Hellsakes, somebody get me 3 goats, a bolt of spandex and a bucket of chatterin' teeth,  
 Merry......Christmas 
  way to represent 
  you gonna make it...or buy it? 
    The books are definitely worth it.
 Doesn't get any better than the "memoirs" of justin bieber 
 While laughing at the moon.... ♫ 
   and might actually make a meeting useful.....
 sadly...you are not a monster....
 it wouldn't have worked out....anyway... ♫ 
  10
   Happy Birthday!
 Totally  hilarious especially the troll bay....should have been an ocean...
  careful what you wish for....
  sweet! 
 Oh yeah, in honor of j.r.r. tolkein balad of bilbo baggins..... 
 serious pressure 
   you must really like snow...8-0
 Snow on timp this morning...if that tells you anything..
 GO ackbar!  
  Happy effin' birthday, you'll never guess what i got you...
  happy birthday!
 RT   thank you Mr Kreagan! ;)
 RT   that sounds like a great idea, however we'll aim for November after the haunting season is done. 
 And now the news teams show up 
 Emergency evacuation of library..
 Yeh, because friday is the sweetest thing.... ♫ 
 Dropbox knows sync-fu. Whoa. 
 I just reached Level(s): 18 for 'Survivor' on CBS.com!
 I want to rock your gypsy soul ♫ 
 Well you might like to see Admiral Ackbar as ole miss' mascot? 
 Day of wrecks on north bound I-15
   well lets see....we were at the  beach....
 and now for something completely different....Hail 
 jus' another Tuesday! ♫ 
 and by that I mean....this ♫ 
  everything man, I make it and freeze it, use mostly for pizza, but whatever 
 One died from guinea worm, and the other died from you, Jack Kerouac....  
 Stayin up late making pesto!   
 gobsmacked! 
 Cold little run in the gully this morning 
 Free music sampler that rocks so hard..  
  also true 
 Oh and also, I want to go to my special place  
   I know, 
 For some reason this rings true today...
   so jealous....
  is the no off switch on the  DuChemin machine?? Iceland  the newest eBook from  
 cept I would have to change a couple ...like a beer , a cheese  and a chocolate stomach.... 
 Does anyone know about a well or something up one of the cottonwood canyons for public use? 
 Almost missed my bus, had to chase it down, then it was so full I had to hang upside down like a bat all the way here...
 lovin' this weather!
 Who is givin away tickets...my bus iis packed to the gills.
 All that wordcampin' has me parched...   
  great day at  see all you kids later...
 The great equalizer... shirt ha bus driver laughing all the way to sandy 
  great at creating "facebook" for a kind of niche  
   Okay, okay. What's    ...We cut you deep! at word camp utah
  wants to know if the spiders bring Toast 
  yes, look at the blender, now look at me, now back at the blender  
  says " who hasn't seen a will it blend video? tow people, shame on the rest of you for wasting your time" 
   actual willitblend guy at 
 Word camp utah....are they gonna blend a wordpress mug?? 
  says he doesn't want to keepus from  
  RT : Martha Stewart & JZ. Matt speaks of them together. 1 has been to jail, 1 hasn't :) 
  snuck under the covers with a light to read wired  
  perfect, 
  Just rewrote a sidebar widget with 10 lines of code  a 30k plugin was doin before thanks to   loop preso. 
  "in the future wordpress will blog for you, you'll just read it" 
  just go ahead and walk in the tea bag parade..... 
    Come sit with us, Sweet cheeks!  
   taking questions at 
              and 
  couldn't get a seat in edgewise....
         ...   
    he is cutting edge like that 
  Everyone at  needs to come and learn about the loop in my class right now...  
  Blogging for your business   
  yeh..it's called  
  NteeJ  I'm on Thomas the Tank Engine and Mickey Mouse blueberry pancake duty  
    
  no need to get so hostile..so early...  
 Somebody already gave a squee...
   really, mebbe you should be nicer to them?? 8-0
  I thought they were already gone 
 Animate 21st century enlightenment....pretty cool. 
   why were you trying to scratch it?? 
 Oh this is handy, might have to use this soon.... 
 Picture the ghosts emerging from the top of the building in ghostbusters_u can picture the students emerging from every pore of campus now.
 first of the semester approaching...oreeelly, 
 In honor of what is apparently stupid karate guy day on facebook ♫ 
  will like this explanation of a phd 
  not even 
   I can't believe you are such a  
  there's an app for that...
  those fonz socks are awesome  
    &   &  Brandi 9/14 club?? sorry this!?  
  ooooo, sorry, little touchy today.... 
  so you are saying you are not influential about lady gaga 
  is that all it takes?
   
   uh, where are you exactly....?
   do they have a special hall just for all the   ?
 Getting ready for the music never stopped 
 Ode to stein,..... you see something, skate something 
 And then what is next??
 Happy Fourth of July!!  After hauling rocks to celebrate, I am going to relax!!
  Ya, fresh and cool....
 Happy Fathers Day! Especially tto my Dad who is most awesome!
 RT  "Men are afraid to forget their minds, fearing to fall through the Void w/nothing to stay their fall." Huang Po
  well if your gonna do it....
  way to go with your new  ebook 
 Nooooo.....American light lager   
 English milds was a slugfest...but schwarzbiers was easy.  
 Ok Belgian strong...you need to make up for American hefe and APAs... 
 Oh..and the batleywines?   
 Starting off with viennas...how is work?  
