  1st you replace my sexy black card w/a lame blue, then you send new cards for the 4th time in a yr. Now my new one expires next mo?
 RT  10 things  learned at the American Culinary Federation Convention (with  
  Sorry we missed you.  just got a new phone -- Nexus S.
  which best buy are you inside of? I'm at park lane...
 RIP Amy Winehouse, gone to that great rehab in the sky...
 Seconded. RT  I'm ready for a little "afternoon delight" (and by "afternoon delight," I mean "a nap")
  The Sea 
 Still for sale. Waiting for YOU:    
 RT  RT & you could win the gorgeous Zahara necklace in turquoise!!! Get the giveaway details here: 
  I meant, it's there.
  yep
 Attention DALLAS: GiltCity hits Dallas today! And they're starting with a bang. Join: 
 Open house cookies! Today, 2-4pm. :)   
 Dear 6-emails-in-quick-succession-from-IvoryTrunk.com, Happy Unsubscribe Day!!
 I'd like to go all the way to ikea and punch somebody in the balls.  
  I think a great word to describe  is NOW. Love their stuff. Glad we have a fabulous Dallas store!
 Impressive: Made it in to work this morning at 9:30 despite midnight Harry Potter showing last night/this a.m. We'll see how long I last...
 Go check out my client's brand spanking new site and corresponding brand. It launched on Monday. And I wrote it. :) 
 Yeah. Untertakings. Goes great with Unterwear and Untersecretaries. 
 Huge Untertakings: Two Sites I Wrote For 
 Tweeps! I'm a maid of honor & have been tasked with pricing limos in the Dallas area. Who can help? Who's got the goods??
  Are we still burgering tomorrow?
 I like the honesty. RT  Join this email list and you will get nothing for free,but you'll be on it. 
 RT  Fascinating People from  Series: Rob Shearer  CC: 
 RT    Mazel Tov
 Mazel Fuck: cheer created by  when shouting "Mazel Tov" to a Jewish ball player turns negative as his pop fly becomes catchable
 cc  !! RT  Regulation Bocce Ball Set 
  Did you get in?
 I heart The Wiz! RT  Weekend starts with an Arts District block party for  The Wiz: 
  damn. I'll invite you if I can!
  just try again! Go back to your invite email and click through. Last night: no go, this morning: yes!
 Score! I just got Google+! Thanks for the invite, 
  for Halloween?
 I heart  RT  Ferry dog!   
 WTH am I thinking? I have apparently joined my agency's softball team. Oy. 
  swingers
 Going off Tweetdeck, giving Tweetie a try on the MacBook.
 Just saw a commercial for "Dance Moms" on TV. Oh shit. I knew some moms like those back in the day. 
 Trying it out! ( Flippin Out Crepes w/ 2 others) [pic]: 
 RT  Mark Zuckerberg should've bought Myspace and gifted it to the Winklevii with the note, "Let's see what you two pricks c ...
 NEW! Now with updated price and other stuff:     
 Went to the new club monaco today. Very nice, but forgot my fave thing about CM: the sale rack. Bought a bangle.  
 Can I just say that while I hadn't been there in a while, I'm really pissed that Park on Henderson has closed? BOO.
  Yeah! Get it! Wait? What about the party tomorrow?
 "No, I do not want to attend your webinar." --me
  no no no I said please. Hasn't happened yet. :-/
 OMG I need good news. Somebody please bid on my house today! 
 Watching that "Most Eligible Dallas" promo really put the EW in Entertainment Weekly for me. 
 RT  Harry Teeter
 ATTENTION SHOPPERS: RT  Club Monaco opens tomorrow in West Village, will be women's only...  
  Yeehaw! Kisses!
 RT  Okay Dallas, what should I have for lunch to celebrate?  Who wants me to bitch about them? ;)
     Thanks! YEAHH!
 Told y'all I had something big brewing... cc: 
 Working on a post of things I learned at Canyon Ranch. Going to try to make it entertaining. Stay tuned.
 First day home from Canyon Ranch. Same day the In-N-Out opens near my house. Someone is testing me... 
  wow thanks!
 They sent me home with enough healthy food for two days! I already ate the pear.  
  for real??! Denver? & the ALT airport blows!! cc: 
 RT     my favs         ...
 Check out Open Sky...it appears to be like twitter but for fashion, food, design...you follow celebs and stuff. 
 Ben Folds & DSO! 
 Kid Robot sale today on fab.com cc:   
 4 showings our first week. Who wants to buy our condo? 
 Was walking to the AAC at around 11 last night a mistake? Nope. Can I get out of bed this morning? Same answer. 
  RT   how do you have the time?! RT  I'm confused, how long has Jim Carrey been coaching the Mavs?
 World record most dogs in one condo? RT  Hanging with the nieghbs   and  !!!!
 HA! RT  my cats must think we're shockingly good hunters. they see us with meat & think, "Damn, I didn't even see that go by."
 Buy Our Condo!  Let's Go   
 I think it kinda rocks. RT  Its tricky...but I'm not sure how I feel about it. Thoughts? 
 RT  A 15 year old girl who is terminal with cancer has made a bucket list. One of her wishes is to trend on Twitter. Gi ...
 OH: "Should I ask that f*cker Jeeves?!"
 RT  PHOTOS: A Peek Inside the Big T Bazaar  cc:  
 Also, GO MAVS! 
 Breaking news: Eyes are the new feet! 
 Yeah! Perfect for you, shutterbug! RT  Just ordered my biz cards from moo.com! Thanks for the reco, 
  Please join Jeff's fight vs. cancer. His fight is over but we all have an obligation to obliterate this awful disease.
  Yeah buddy! Lakewood here we come!
 Hello tweeps! Our condo hits the market today. It's awesome & won't be around for long!  2/1.5, 1,026 sf 
  HA! So true.
  I totally go that. I need to go talk to everyone who was in the giant staff meeting we had this morning & show them my face.
  Ha ha. Good idea.  Usually I just forget mascara and I can tolerate it. Good thing I live 4 min from work.
 Obviously losing my mind, I neglected to put on makeup this morning. Number of people who have asked me if I'm feeling okay? 3. 
 Think he means me. RT   is  to see  tonight. Y'all yell "Howdy Rachel" fer us!!!!
 Re: screaming ladies,  is mine, bitches! cc: 
  I think you meant  (twitter etiquette) ;)
  fabulous!! Enjoy!
  good girl!
 RT  Two cups enter! One cup leaves!  Vote now!  
 Mine's 4. RT  Do you have a lucky number? What is it? I'm  duh
 RT  Anyone else thinking Twitter paid off Rep. Weiner to introduce their new photo sharing service? :-)
 We're looking for a solid freelance art director who can work at an office for a few days or a week or more. Hit me up!
   and I will be there! RT  Hangover = Vegas. Hangover 2 = Bangkok. Hangover 3 = my private island!!!?
  Gotcha...I'll check it out:)
  Nice. It really is true that you're selling yourself. The best idea can't succeed w/o a big personality to sell it & make it happen.
 RT  Asking for money = advice. Asking for advice = money. Via Corey Levy  
  thanks Zane!!
  What's your investor elevator speech? What if we were a room full of potential investors?  
 RT  Want a quick summary of  2011  keynote before he speaks tonight?  voila!  
 Want a quick summary of  2011  keynote before he speaks tonight?  voila!  
 How us it that the Lakewood theater is the only place in Dallas WITHOUT valet?
  Hey don't you have somewhere else to be tonight??
 Off I go!! En route to Lakewood Theater y'all!   
 RT   Lemonade must be destroyed.  
 Who else is gonna see  tonight at Lakewood Theater?
 Are you Team Tea or Team Lemonade? Go vote for your favorite to win at ! (P.S.: I wrote the copy for the site!)
  I need new musics. :) Bands like the ones you mentioned -- sounds like I need to become more familiar with those.
  aw man! Take care Kendall!!
  I want one! Old school cool!
 RT  
  future tornado!
  No I don't, but effing hashable spam-tweeted all my friends, so apparently they think you do. Unfollow Tuesday.
 Yesssssssss. 
 Ugh I'm sorry everyone. I misread the site and thought you guys were already members of hashable. Social fail.
 C'mon MAVS! Get more points! 
  Yeah, we're not moving yet, just moving things out to declutter and sell.  I said cheap.
 Tweeps! Where's the cheapest place to get moving boxes new, not used.
  Just saw this message. Guess not! ;)
 Silent auctions are awesome. I just won/bought a $500 Jonathan Adler table for $100! Go charity!
 RT  I'm still here, so I guess the  hasn't happened... yet. 
 I guess if it happened,  and I wouldn't know because we'd both still be sitting here watching Harry Potter.  
  The Jews & the gays are still here! Party time! 
 RT  Possibly the last post on  Top 5 Ways to Get Rich off of the End of the World 
 If all dogs really do go to heaven, I'm going to be really pissed when  is gone in a few minutes. 
 First they tell us we need a flight crew. Now we need a gate too? Oh  what will you think of next. 
 I love how  just now realized my 6:40 flight can't take off if the crew doesn't land until 7:15! Eff.
 I think I just saw a guy attempt to rob the greyhound station downtown. Yikes
  Yeah I go to Hollywood on Oaklawn sometimes, but I also like Nailicious a lot.
 I am Gingerman bound. 
 Happy Unsubscribe Monday! Peace out.
 Fab.com is fab:  
 Social media FTW! RT   Thanks for coming, and thank you again for your great comment last night.
 ATTENTION SHOPPERS: Join AHAlife...it's cool. 
 I met   and   too!!!!  !!!!!!
 That's my husband! RT   please stay in your seat at the end of the show. 
 RT   please stay in your seat at the end of the show. 
  AMAZEBALLS!!
  Thank you so much! You too, 
 Spirit Air: the sardine tins of the skies. Holy hell. 
  wahoo! Thanks!
  thank you!!
     (pshhhht)  THANKS Y'AL!
 Somebody got promoted.  
 I'm SO sleeping in the car.   
  a mouse has been spotted. 
  I guess it would make things easier if I consolidated. I have 2 active groupons in 2 diff accounts. 
  Oy vey I don't even know!
 RT  Four years ago today, my two parents adopted me.  
 Hey! Have y'all seen my friend's awesome blog? If you've ever watched the news, this one is for you. 
 RT  Go to our FB page & take the Happy Trails Pledge! Help us promote safe & fun trails for all! 
 RT  Immediate opening  for a receptionist. The gig can lead to other jobs with D. loren-dot-means-at-dmagazine-dot-com
 I have THREE  accounts. Why? How?? 
  Know any good dim sum places in 
  Cool. There's a  pass to Tao and Lavo for $30 all weekend...is that a good deal?
  hmmmmmmm nope!
  Luxor. :)
 Happy 4th Dogiversary to  You are the best dog ever. cc: 
     Can't wait! I'm still taking recommendations...
 It's official. We're going to see "O" in Las Vegas!  What else do we absolutely HAVE to do? What's good with a party of 8?
  Hey thanks!
  Ditto!! Yay!
  thanks!! So far it's not so bad!
 Good thing I wished for a Dallas Trader Joe's for my birthday!!   via 
  Oh it was and is. Wish you were here!
 That's the hope. ;) RT  Happy Birthday  - thirty and dirty!
 GOOD CALL. RT   Please add a little Phil Collins coming in the air tonight to that tequila moment!
 Thanks, nerd! RT   back-channel birthday!!!
  Good thing it's today then! ;)
 OK 28 minutes till tequila.
  Oy Pinner 
  Thanks Ashley!!
    Thanks, and I will do both these things, after my midnight tequila shot, most likely. 
 Well, I have an hour left of my 20s. What should I do?
  Won't be celebrating in the streets. Without a doubt glad he's gone, but celebrating death is kinda reserved for the bad guys.
  Yeah. Still. I'm giving it to Obama. Sorry!
 RT  Dead Bin Laden. Turns out Obama did what W couldn't. 
 My car acquired this on the highway.   
 Finally watching the Royal Wedding with Prince  :) 
  yes.
 So the facial at aveda institute was fantastic, but my cut/style was a disaster. Thankfully it wasn't anything I couldn't fix but ugh.
 Just got a fantastic 90-min facial at Aveda Institute! Highly recommend Megan; she's awesome.
 To change topics, if you take the lace off Kate M's gown & change the back, it looks a lot like mine!  
  Oh just bitching because I think their user experience blows/is shady. In general.
 Also re: GoDaddy WTF is up with their site not having a 1-800 number? Seriously? I have to call long distance to get ripped off? Awesome.
 For the record, I still hate GoDaddy. I don't want to be a customer to a company where I constantly feel like I'm being ripped off.
 RT  Hey Thor, nice hammer. Now drive your car off a cliff and live! Yeah, I didn't think so.   
 John Oliver's New York Stand-Up Show  Negras!" (I was at the SXSW show!)
 Web Site Launching Tomorrow = Everybody Freak Out! 
 According to E! my royal name is: Lady Rachel Lulu Pinnberton of Dallasshire. According to  it's Her Highness Royal Pain in the Ass
 That's a good looking fish,  Keep a close eye on him. RT    OMG I forgot about Oliver.
  Meep! 
 YEAH! RT  Like my friend  on Facebook. She'll tell you what to eat and you will like it. 
 Haaa. Too much Chuy's? RT  Get inna my belly. All of you.  
 Hello all, please don't present me w/leftover Easter foodz today. Passover is almost over (Tues.  8:44p) & I am nearing the end of my rope.
 ATTENTION SHOPPERS: Let's be fab.com! Sure, it's another sale site, but this one is design-inspiration-focused. 
 You know you're in good seats when you're this close to "W"
 RT  FREE STUFF ALERT: RT   first 50 ppl to whisper “egg-celent” at each Sprinkles receive a free milk chocolate!
 Watching our Realtor on My First Sale on  and you should too! Go Seychelle!!
 Hey thanks:) RT   here's a few:      
  loves that show. RT  I love this  marathon!
        Awesometown times last night y'all. Let's again soon yes.
 RT  Ex-Javelin All-Hands Tweetup.  Hacienda On Henderson 
 Yeah! RT  ex-Jav tweetup 2night  Hacienda w/       etc
  Thanks!!
 Going off the grid for a couple days. Happy  everyone!
  adding sea salt and vanilla to the toffee element this year!
  most definitely. Beautiful!
 I am on a tour bus in San Diego with 30-40 Israelis, south africans and people from LA. help me.
 Wahoo! RT    RE: celebration - Details to come. Stay tuned!
  Uh, when do we celebrate??!!
  HEY! YOU!
 I had my morning coffee at 3pm today. That's how far behind I am.
  What up, bro. Couldn't sleep. Nice twitpic.
 Sweet. Thanks! RT   Umm.... thanks? =) More better-ness is coming to the app soon. ^JS
  Thanks! It was pretty bad but hopefully it doesn't happen that way to everyone...
 Check out my Instagram pics in reverse. This company is rocking it. 
  Thanks for the  love!
 The  app for  has officially won my personal  app war. Congrats! You suck the least!
   rocks! Thanks for the love.
  thank you thank you! But it is YOU who is fabulous.
 Happy Wedding Day to two great friends,  &  May you always remember how happy you are today! 
  done!
  no Mike hugs tonight! :(
 RT  CHEAP STUFF ALERT: tomorrow only, $1 sandwiches at Jimmy John's in the Dallas area. 
 Dragging. Ass.
 Showtime! ( Hotel Adolphus) [pic]: 
 I can vouch for that! RT  Looking for the most divine wedding venue in Dallas? Call and set a date with us!
 They're married!! Oh, just two of our best friends. Love!! 
 RT  Dallas International
  The show was hilarious! I'll be elbowing  when the stand up comes on saying "ooh... this one's funny" before every joke. Ha!
  Ooh! I saw Dave at the John Oliver show at sxsw!
 The chicken and wild mushroom sausage is fantastic   
 Quick breakfast and then we're off! Thanks  ( Bistro at Adolphus Hotel) 
 Cheese plate  really hit the spot. Perfect strawberries!
 Drinks in  bar w/   
 Gorgeous chandelier 
  don't stress! ;)
 Yay we're here! CC:   
    and I are lucky ducks, that's what.
 Psyched! RT   Ashley and I've have stayed a weekend there. It is berserk! 
 Re: tonight  -- I'm thinking dessert via room service is in order. What to get? 
 Staying  tonight! I simply cannot wait. Stay tuned for pics of the beautiful hotel! 
  Sounds like the type of event your Dallas location should host as well! ;)
  ello!
 Don't mind me...just retweeting myself...RT  Join Fab.com. Because now there's a prize inside! 
 The chilly weather means our boots have gotten a reprieve. The scarves rejoice as well. 
 Join Fab.com. Because now there's a prize inside! 
  Moon Over Mumbai!
 Ha! RT  Sang "hands up" to my kids. My husband:"That's club med music." Me: "No, its bar mitzvah music." 
 ATTENTION SHOPPERS: Rue-la-la is awesome. Join: 
  exactly! Hey did you see those flickr pics of all of us from the Gowalla party?
  Against. You're asking someone to take a pic of their screen & use an app to go to a site. LINKS do that. You're already there.
 Cool: Fab.com Daily design for everyone. Like a deals site with a design focus. Join! 
 Okay so this is a niche daily coupon site. Looks cool. Check it out: 
 I haven't watched a lick of Idol this season, but I just saw the bearded guy go up to & point out all the other bearded guys in the crowd.
   yay!! Thanks jcon
 I've been to this beach in SD (I was fully clothed), and I sure could have used a rescue.  
 Sweet! Love him! RT  Awesome shot of me and  with Donald Glover.  
    it's all good. We went for a walk with George!
  but I have an extra gowalla you might be interested in.
   I remember that, plus that black and white one you found. Gone!
  there were no shirts anywhere. Maybe  accidentally took the wrong swag bag. ?
  No need for such formalities. Call me Rach. ;)
 Looks good, yo! RT  New portfolio piece. What do ya think? - Freeman Co – Website Redesign  
 RT  bahahaha!!!!! “:Yes, AT&T and T-Mobile are getting married. There will be no reception.” 
  or  either of y'all want to walk our dogs together tonight? Soonish?  is ready! 
  I checked in when it was closed. Just window-shopping, anyway. 
    yeah but that's with a 2-year & she's not up for upgrade yet. It's a  iPhone. Waitin' for 5.
  Okay great thanks!
 Still looking to buy a used iPhone 3GS in good condition for my little sister. For like $100 or so. Thoughts? Suggestions?
 Rightbackatcha. RT  Hi   ( Hawkeye w/  
 He's a badass. RT  Huffington Post hires designer who used brilliant infographic resume: 
 Easy miles: Became a "Mileage Master" (take an easy quiz) for a chance to win 100k AAdvantage miles.  
  Sounds like my story, kinda. Except it was my husband who said no, and  who gave me the iPad.
  yeah...maybe used amazon is the answer. It's for my sister; no upgrade yet per AT&T.
 Met some of the cool dudes behind the Android app. Get it! RT  Yay, Gowalla is featured in the Android Market! 
 Anybody know a good way to find a good deal on a decent-quality iPhone 3GS? Ebay is hilarious ($200 plus $350 shipping) & Craigslist=scary
 Attention Shoppers! Threadless is having a $10 shirt sale for 2 days!! 
 It still amazes me how many people don't know about sites like  Join already!   
 I'm calling bull-ish on that one. I was there at 2pm! ;) RT  I'm at Torchy's Tacos w/  
 RT  Language evolves.Today we change AP style from e-mail to email, no hyphen. Our editors will announce it at  today.
 RT  We have arrived in Dallas to celebrate our store's 4th anniversary! Schedule at www.facebook.com/sprinkles!
  Thanks! Glad you liked 'em!
 Photos from  
  2011 Wrapup / Download / Post mortem / What I Learned 
  Thanks for retweeting my notes, cute little robot!
 Today is the one day when it's socially permissible to pinch another adult. It's also the one day I will punch you in the face if you try.
  Thanks for the retweet!
  I won't. But you should know that  replied to that same tweet with "punch." Ha!
 Being friends with a reporter got me on TV. 
 Aw Estralon. You crazy. RT  Check out  & Rondo Estrelon on the news talkin' 'bout  
 TOMS' Mlake Mycoskie was great. With that, we're going to head home on a high note.  Bye,  Thanks for everything! --Rach
  5.4: Keynote Speaker Blake Mycoskie  
 TOMS Founder Blake Mycoskie at  keynote: TOMS is no longer a shoe company. It's a One for One company. Next product announcement 6/7.
 I haven't watched this yet, but here is the segment for KVUE I was interviewed for!  
 Show the social media haters the proof and they'll fall in line and eat the pudding. -- me  
  5.3 Real-time Marketing in a Connected World  
 RT  From the audience, "I am an American Muslim and I formally denounce terrorism in case anyone was wondering" 
 RT  RT  RT  Does Westboro represent Christian America? Where is the condemnation? 
  YES. They get to pick their own. It's awesome.
  5.2 Rebranding Islam in America  
  Ilona
 Rebranding Islam in America is about to start in ACC 9ABC and there are NOT as many people in here as there should be. Get here y'all.
  Kinda obvious they hadn't heard your talk. Their basics + your shit is where it's at. THANK YOU for the wines. 
  second row on the left, blue top.
 I'm really excited to consume this panel on rebranding Islam in America. It's a big. Deal. Hope I can type fast enough.   
 Hey  there's a woman with your same last name in the  panel in ACC 9abc. Related?
 Just one  (hate that word, btw) re:  I do appreciate brevity, but ending after 30 minutes of a 1.5 hr panel isn't ok.
 Free recession iphone 3 cases, via   if you want 1, or just find 1 - I've left them just for you. 
   THANKS! 
  5.1 Unwritten Rules: Brands, Social Psychology and Social Media  
 McAllister just praised the Old Spice campaign. According to  I'm supposed to punch him in the face w/my shoe?  
 4th row john oliver!!! 
 In line at Esther's to see John Oliver! Seats 275, 50 inside, badges line is short do come on! 8:00 and 10:30 shows.
  3.5: The Thank You Economy   
   the interactive conference and how it's huge and "quiet" but I didn't really agree. ;)
  3.3: Comedic Communication: Developing User-centered Humor Design  
 Whoa. RT  The news interview went cool. Now they are interviewing  It will air tonite at 6pm on KVUE Austin. 
 Thank you! RT  If you are looking for great write-ups of panels from  ,  's blog is a must! 
 Yup I was interviewed for the news. Helps to be friends with a reporter! I felt unintelligible, but maybe a soundbyte will make it in.
  3.2: I'm So Productive, I Never Get Anything Done  
 Ha! RT  RT  I'm worried about political instability in our nation's coffee shops when all their mayors are at 
  hey! You're close! I'm in 10AB, first row. Like the nerd I am.
 Apparently I'm going to be on the news. We'll see.
 I could really go for some coffee right now, but all the panels have been so overloaded that I'm afraid of getting a spot.
  4.1: How To Personalize Without Being Creepy  
  mazel tov!
  3.5 Jeffrey Zeldman's Awesome Internet Design Panel   
  ballroom D. Grabbed some fruit from the samsung blogger lounge first.
 I fed my iPad before I fed myself. Welcome to  
  3.4 Toss the Projector: Redefining the Presenter/Audience Dynamic  
  3.3: Dining Out in the Digital Age    
  I actually drove home last night to attend a friend's wedding. Back in Austin now!
 BALLS! I left my  iphone/ipad charger in Dallas this morning. Damn you, 4 hours of sleep!! Where's that pop-up shop??
 Searched for my old professor, D. Morrison on the SXSW app and saw that it's NOW,  ACC. Damn! Sorry to miss her! Someone take notes for me!
 The AT&T Conference Center rooms are so luxurious! I'm staying put for Dining Out in the Digital Age at 12:30. Who's joining me?
 RT  Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today ()   via 
      YEAH! Go  Miss y'all.  isn't the same without you friends.
  From the peanut gallery: "Sometimes social media relationship is one of convenience." Back and forth, but 1 criticism = crickets.
   Infamous Social Media PR Disasters  
 Alrighty,  I'm outta here, going off the grid for like 10 hours. Gotta go watch some cool people get married in Dallas. xoxo, Rach
  Thanks!
  2.3: South by  -- Rainn Wilson, Ellen Page, James Gunn and Drew McWeeny 
  2.2: Who Are You And Why Should I Care?  
  Thanks for the retweet. What's up, Mike!?
 Late to the  but "Customers don't have time to be marketed to. But they do have time for a story. Tell them a story."
  Thanks!!
  2.1 Brave New World: Debating Brands' Role as Publishers  
 I'm sitting on the floor in a very packed room thanks to the freaking Austin St. Patty's Day parade. Eff. 
  it is... Come on back!
    I'm here! Radio shack booth!
  thanks for the RT!
   thanks so much y'all!  
  thanks for retreating my writeup! 
   thanks a ton for the retweets!
 Whoa. Jake Gyllenhaal spotted at  Proves nerds are hot.  
  BONUS! book reading: CREATIVE WORKSHOP: 80 challenges to sharpen your design skills 
  1.3 The Singularity is HERE  
  no, thank you! 
  thanks bro!
  leaving tues. :)
  thanks for the RT!
 Marketers via hot chicks preying on nerds.  
 Hearing someone say "BBM" still makes me chuckle to myself.
   I'll see you at ignite I bet.
   I'm recharging at volt and then headed to the Hilton for a session in big bend. I think.
   hmmmm don't know where that is but sure!
  1.2 Do Agencies Need to Think Like Software Companies?  
  truth.
  i hope to be there even just for a bit!
 iPad plus wireless keyboard plus writer app plus Posterous is working just fine. Will have to just deal with formatting later. 
  1.1.1 My Kindergartener Markets Better Than You  & Save SXSW from marketer douchebaggery  
    yeah!!!
  yessir!! You?
  lagging twitter app on my iPad. Loved the content. Love K. Dillz. We got rejected for interactive. Hit home. Rock on!!
 true that. RT  How to Take SXSW on, Even if They Didn't Take You // Audible Hype 
  RT  Art director type geek heaven. Virtual Letterpress on iPad   via WillChau
 anybody know how strong the wifi will be at the austin convention center? 
 Yes! Rockin' it! RT  RT  I'm happy to announce the launch of www.copybychris.com
 Reserve your connect.me username 
 RT  Ah, the Glory Days. cc:    
 RT  RT  March 17-20: save 30% at    & support  
 Hey  PROTECT ME from gross porn-like spammy chat invites that show up when I check my email.  can do it. Why can't you?
  I hope to! I'm still trying to iron out my schedule. I'm so behind!
 Hoping my painfully slow iPhone 3GS just needed some rest last night. Delays & hiccups were SO not going to cut it at  
 Yes ma'am! RT  Join us for the Dallas Wine Tweetup! 
 RT  Wearing pajama bottoms in public is a life choice. You cannot uncheck that box. It defines our class structure. cc: 
  I'm so glad! Yay!!
 RT  Check me out in the latest 'Pushing Buttons' video
 RT  iPad 2 will feature "If I wait 6 more months I could get an iPad 3" technology (via 
 RT JerodMSF All the info you need to get ready for March Madness 2011  
  Booooooooo! 
 Had mine early on Friday at  RT   February 28th is National Chocolate Souffle Day!
 ATTENTION SHOPPERS: I <3 Aqua Med Spa, & there's a KGB deal this week for 50% off a facial! $55 -- treat yourself! 
 Totally! RT  The Social Network won an Oscar? Does that mean all of us won an Oscar too???
 How did we EVER get through these award shows without Twitter?! Thanks, everyone.
 RT  I guess when he makes his speech at the end he doesn't stutter.  Haven't seen it. Thanks 
 I don't get Firth's magnetism. I suppose I'm immune or something.  Not even on my radar.
 Just because the earrings match the color of your dress doesn't mean you have to buy them, or wear them. Otherwise, gorgeous Natalie.
  1st you replace my sexy black card w/a lame blue, then you send new cards for the 4th time in a yr. Now my new one expires next mo?
 RT  10 things  learned at the American Culinary Federation Convention (with  
  Sorry we missed you.  just got a new phone -- Nexus S.
  which best buy are you inside of? I'm at park lane...
 RIP Amy Winehouse, gone to that great rehab in the sky...
 Seconded. RT  I'm ready for a little "afternoon delight" (and by "afternoon delight," I mean "a nap")
  The Sea 
 Still for sale. Waiting for YOU:    
 RT  RT & you could win the gorgeous Zahara necklace in turquoise!!! Get the giveaway details here: 
  I meant, it's there.
  yep
 Attention DALLAS: GiltCity hits Dallas today! And they're starting with a bang. Join: 
 Open house cookies! Today, 2-4pm. :)   
 Dear 6-emails-in-quick-succession-from-IvoryTrunk.com, Happy Unsubscribe Day!!
 I'd like to go all the way to ikea and punch somebody in the balls.  
  I think a great word to describe  is NOW. Love their stuff. Glad we have a fabulous Dallas store!
 Impressive: Made it in to work this morning at 9:30 despite midnight Harry Potter showing last night/this a.m. We'll see how long I last...
 Go check out my client's brand spanking new site and corresponding brand. It launched on Monday. And I wrote it. :) 
 Yeah. Untertakings. Goes great with Unterwear and Untersecretaries. 
 Huge Untertakings: Two Sites I Wrote For 
