 "OK, who ordered the iceberg?!"  
 Not clueless on eating meat-free  is raising her son as a Vegan. 
 We're giving away a  gift package! 
 Check out this gorgeous NASA image of the night sky over abandoned kilns in rural Nevada.  
 Matt Damon Joins Other Supporters in the ‘Save Our Schools March’  He was Bourne to do this!
 We called it! ;) ‘Whale Wars’ Spin-Off Coming To Animal Planet 
 Swim Week in Miami Debuts World’s First Compostable Bathing Suit  
 African Hunger aided by American Pie...actress  
 Comedian  gets serious about Ringling Bros. Elephants 
 RT  Astronomers Find Largest, Oldest Mass of Water in Universe 
 RT  RT  Brooklyn's Dekalb Market - made from 22 salvaged shipping containers! - opens today at 10am!  ...
  Exhibit to Compare Animal Oppression to Human Slavery 
 Apparently Mayor  doesn't want a lump of coal in his stocking 
 RT  Willie Nelson and Other Musicians Headline Charity Concert for Farmers  (via 
 Hooray! 5000 fans on Facebook, are you one of them? (They have a lot of catching up to do with you 20,000 Tweople!) 
 A foie gras faux pas in the donut world 
 Only  and Hayden Panettiere could turn pimples into cash 
  we don't develop better toilets, so  has set out to do just that! 
 RT  Check this out --> Jillian Michaels to Lead Huge Protest Against Ringling Bros.  (via 
 Is that Don Cheadle dressed as Captain Planet?  
 Celebs rally as ocean life guard Sea Shepard rushes to raise 1.4 million in a week to return to sea. 
 RT  Emergency SOS! Save The Sea Shepherd Ship! The Steve Irwin needs your help!  /via 
 The not so secret garden -  The White House garden yields a yon of produce, literally! 
 What are you doing during these dog days of summer to save energy??
  Thanks for tweeting about our article!
 American Airlines is done with monkey business, no more flying primates for testing. 
 Roseanne's new farming docu-series is the 4th most-watched unscripted series launch in Lifetime history! Well Done 
 BREAKING: Captain Planet live action movie confirmed and in development!!  
  Thanks for tweeting our primates story!
  Thanks for tweeting out our story!!
  Thanks for tweeting out our article today!!
  Thanks for RTing us today!!
  Thanks for the RT!!
 Amidst Animal Cruelty Accusations, Ringling Bros. to Host Charity Performance 
 This should end well. "Rare Snow Leopards Found in Remote Area of Afghanistan" 
 Kind email from a reader: "Wanted to let you know that I find your website to be one of the best resources out there." Thank you, Kate!!
 Oh. My. Eyes! This baby Lord Voldemort doll is the scariest thing you can possibly own.  Someone hold me.
  Not at all - it's an important debate for sure. And one with crazy ramifications.
 Nature's bad side: Seven most dangerous places on Earth: 
 Drug For Longer Life To Be Tested On Dogs And Cats 
 Leonardo DiCaprio To Score First Fisker Karma Plugin Supercar  
 Elusive (and beautiful) "Rainbow Toad" photographed for the first time in color. Treat your eyes here: 
 OK, I teared up. "Humpback whale gives show after being saved."  (via 
 RT  Congress, hot enough 4 u? RT  349 maximum heat records broken around the country in July 
 Mass. just banned fried foods, sugary beverages, and foods high in sodium from all public schools.  
 RT  Great to see  and  scoring publicity for their greening of Hollywood productions! http: ...
  Haha, I would agree! The next study will show why people with personal chefs and pets are even more happy.
 Well played,  "Jake Gyllenhaal Goes Shirtless on Man vs. Wild" 
 Triceratops horn discovery shows 'asteroid wiped out dinosaurs  
 New study shows why pet owners are basically awesome. 
 Hey  Get on the list for the Eco Chic Tour to drive  & dine at Metro Organic Bistro 
 How cows have best friends and get stressed when they are separated 
  Thanks as always for the RT my friend. Have a great weekend.
 RT    combines aerial silks and eco-activism! sweet.
 WATCH: Time-Lapse Video of Dust Storm Covering Phoenix, AZ  
 WTF: Woman faces 93 days in jail over vegetable garden 
 RT  This is why big agriculture is trying to make it illegal to take pictures of farms. (Graphic video) 
 Nice:  launches slick new site. Check it out! 
 Want to own a real life version of the house from Pixar's "UP"? Of course you do. 
 Carmageddon: 30-Mile traffic jams expected in LA next weekend  
 Where To Watch The Final Shuttle Launch Online  
 RT  Worst  in the region so far this century: 2.85 million people affected in  3.5M in  & 3.2M in 
 Historic Agreement Reached Between Egg Industry and Humane Organizations! 
 RT  Free Eco Chic Tour! Drive  tour  get treated  and dine organically!  ...
 Just How Many Trees Are There in Central Park? 
 Cookies just dumped milk. "The cocktail of up to 20 chemicals in a glass of milk" 
 Want to mess with your head before your morning coffee? Have a look at this stunning optical illusion in Paris: 
 Poland will soon have the world's narrowest house - a mere 60 inches wide! 
 For those muggles waiting, here is the first 'Harry Potter and The Deathly Hallows Part II' review: 
 If an asteroid hits, your best bet at survival is not to be in one of the following 10 countries:  
 The dawn of the two-week old edible sandwich is upon us. Eek. 
 Amazing photos of sand reveal hidden beauty of each grain. 
 Broadway Barks to Benefit Dogs and Cats in NYC Shelters 
 FYI: The best places to be a  prisoner. 
 Whatever you do, don't invite the Giant Hogweed to your next backyard gathering. 
 Jake Gyllenhaal Touches The Void [Video] 
 Attention Spider Man Fans: Buy Signed Comic for Cancer Charity 
 Giant Wombats, Jellyfish Uprising, and Naked Mole Rats [LINKS]  
 Singer Adele has gone vegetarian! Anyone have some yummy meat free suggestions for this new veggie?? Tell us here 
 Fewer Dogs and Cats Are Being Euthanized in the USA  
 Sad truth: Zoos are giving chimps mental illnesses 
 Wow. Japan's massive tsunami on March 11 reached heights of up to 131 feet. 
 !! RT  The world’s first ass-powered outdoor concert 
 LOL. RT  Every time I see "Nancy Grace" trending on Google, I pray it's because she's been eaten by lions.
 Lisa Ling To Host 'Whale Wars' Reunion Special  (Follow  &  & 
 Sting Cancels Concert in Kazakhstan Due To Human Rights Issues 
 Beyonce Treats Boys & Girls Club of Harlem to Hugs 
  Ha - meant "had". Coffee still trickling into system...
 Good morning Twitterverse! Hope you all have a wonderful 4th!
 Who knew? Our bellybuttons are home to hundreds of undiscovered species 
 US royal visit (so far) raises $4.4m for charity 
 Go David!! Tour de France To Feature First Vegan Cyclist 
 July 4th Recipe: Gwyneth Paltrow's Veggie Burgers 
 An inkjet that prints solar cells is almost here. $10 says cartridge prices are going to suck. 
 C'est bon! France Says Adieu To Hydraulic Fracking  
 Florida Beauty Pageant Bans Fur From Competitions 
 Outrage Over Polar Bear Killing on UK Television Show 
 Entire State of Texas Declared Natural Disaster 
 The Gentle Barn Holds Star-Studded Charity Golf Tournament 
  Hooray!! Glad we could brighten your day :)
 WATCH: Penguins Use Iceberg As Slip-N-Slide 
 Vegan Wine Making Gains With Consumers  
 'Mission: Impossible 4' Trailer Features BMW i8 Plug-in Hybrid  
 Watch: Steven Spielberg Hopes To Make You Cry With 'War Horse' 
 Religious Animal Slaughter to be Banned in The Netherlands 
 RT   RT  The challenge: Bert says he's never seen a good looking vegan. Can anyone prove him wrong? ...
 Jennifer Aniston's New Tattoo Honors Norman, Her Late Dog 
  Agree. We point that out in the article. The world is better off experiencing them in computer-generated form.
 Watch 11,000 Paper Lanterns Float Into The Night Sky 
 Viral Video: Shark Jumps Over Surfer 
 Justin Bieber Keeps His Promise And Meets Fan Whose Father Died On 9/11 
 Leonardo DiCaprio Pens Letter to State Senate to Ban Sale of Shark Fins 
 Leona Lewis Visits and Records PSA for Animal Sanctuary 
 Say Hi! Asteroid To Swing By Earth Today At 1PM ET 
 World's Ugliest Dog Crowned, Might Be So Ugly It's Cute 
 Vermont  Festival Day Three: Anusara, Off The Mat, Into The World 
 Watch: The way the next  Mars Rover lands on the red planet will blow your mind.  (Follow 
 Happy Birthday to Animal Activist Ricky Gervais! 
 Ancient Mayan Tomb's Secrets Revealed With Tiny Camera In Mexico (Video) 
 BOOM! Done. Gay Marriage has passed in New York State. Fantastic news. 
 But the Senate floor vote is coming shortly, and apparently the votes are there. Stay tuned.
 We jumped the gun. RT  NOTE: The marriage bill has not yet passed, only the religious exemption amendment  
 Gay Marriage just passed in NY! Woo! Congrats everyone!
  Visit  to take your pick of jobs and email us your info!
  Sure! Location is a non-issue for us! Fun to see a Twitter feed in 3 languages :)
 We're looking for video bloggers and on-air hosts! (Also writers, tweeters, and more.) We've got jobs, jobs,  
 Matt Damon's  On Track For $10M In Donations  
 WATCH: Giant Octopus Gives Birth to Thousands of Babies 
 RT  Hilarious: Conan O'Brien spoofs 'CARS 2' supposed child-brainwashing, liberal agenda 
 Babesiosis: New Tick-Borne Disease Is Freaking Me Out  
 Yankees Pitcher Is First In MLB To Ditch Leather For A Synthetic Glove 
 Vivienne Westwood Launches New Ethical Handbag Collection 
 55-Foot 'Sea Monster' Washes Up In China 
  Yes, all virtual, because we like to work in our PJs.
 We're hiring! Join us and help us grow! 
 New comet discovered will pass Earth in 2013, possibly bright enough to see during day. 
 But of course! Amazon.com Founder Building Giant Mountain Cave Clock 
 50 Cent Writes Anti-Bullying Novel 
 Will Henry Rollins' Exotic Pets Show Help or Hurt Animals? 
 No matter how bad your day is, remember that you could always be a zombie ladybug. 
 We nailed it: J.K. Rowling Reveals Pottermore Secret: Ebooks, New Material, And More! 
 Leona Lewis Wants a Ban On Animals in Circuses 
 Celebs "C" Themselves For American Cancer Society 
 Holy Going Green, Batman! The Batmobile Now Eco-Friendly 
 Our  contest   is almost over! 10 bonus entries if you email contest with subject: Twoga
   You mean this one?  So awesome.
 10 Sexy Celebs That Rock The  Scene  Don't forget to enter our  contest! 
 Emperor Penguin Accidentally Swims to New Zealand 
 WATCH: Man Teaches His Adopted Dog To Recycle 
 Kirstie Alley Unveils All-Organic Weight Loss Program 
 'Harry Potter' Star Daniel Radcliffe To Be Honored At LGBTQ Awards Ceremony 
 Jake Gyllenhaal Hits 'Man Vs. Wild' With Bear Grylls 
 No Joke: Weird Al Parodies Lady Gaga, Proceeds Go to Charity 
 'Transformers' Actress Purposefully Doesn't Build Relationships With Animals She Eats 
 Here are the nine new cigarette warnings tobacco companies must display on their packaging.  (click thru)
 Check out Google's Winter Solstice logo for our friends down south!  Thanks to  for the tip!
 Guy Pees In Reservoir, City Flips Out, Drains 8 Million Gallons  
  Welcomes Summer Solstice With Trippy Doodle 
 RT  Water I do without pun articles from  
 Shocking New Report Warns of Mass Extinction In Our Oceans 
 Morrissey Comments on Lady Gaga's Meat Dress 
 Water You Doing Out There? Star Emits Light, H20 
 'Wire' Star Dominic West Fights To Keep Factory Farming Out Of Britain 
 How To Help 900 Pets Left Homeless After Joplin Tornado 
  Thanks!
  We think so too! :)
  LOL
  Happy Eco Monday to you too!
  Thanks!
 WATCH: Greenpeace Activists Arrested For Climbing Aboard Oil Rig 
 Viral Video of the Day: 'Whole Food Parking Lot' Rap 
 Enjoy! Scientist claims to have made an edible steak out of human feces. 
 Donald Trump Plans To Build Golf Course on Endangered Birds' Habitat 
 U2's 'The Edge' Loses Battle for Malibu Mountaintop Development 
 Alicia Silverstone Shares Tips on Reducing Waste 
 WATCH: Rottweiler Makes Baby Giggle 
 Foo Fighters Ask for Vegetarian Food in Humorous Rider 
 'Ecosexuals' flock to Ecosex Symposium In San Francisco  
 Trees have decided to hell with us, they're sporting armor. 
 Rock Hall of Fame Preserves Lady Gaga's Meat Dress 
 PETA honors Trace Adkins' Daughter After She Rescues Dogs From Fire 
 Carrie Underwood Went Vegan for Health Reasons 
 Russell Simmons Honored at Yoga Charity Gala 
 J.K. Rowling’s ‘POTTERMORE’ Secret Is Likely This…
 J.K. Rowling's 'POTTERMORE' Secret Is Likely This... 
 BOOM: Did Jamie Oliver Just Score A Victory Over Crap Food In LA Schools? 
 Chlamydia Threatens Koala Population 
 Reese Witherspoon's Neighbors Protest Her Loud Asses 
 Lunar Eclipse Tonight: How to Watch It 
 What's the one flower you planted this year that you hope makes it? Let us know over on our Facebook page! 
 2011 World Refugee Day: Angelina Jolie Records New PSA 
 Vote for PETA's Sexiest Vegetarian Celebs of 2011 
 Brad Pitt And Make It Right Announce Partnership With Hyatt  Almost to 150 green homes!
 Natalie Portman And Benjamin Millepied Welcome Baby Boy!  
 Let the sun shine! Google Invests 280 Million in Solar Panels for Private Homes 
 WATCH: Michael C. Hall PSA for Leukemia Charity Event 
 Olivia Wilde's Boyfriend Isn't Bradley Cooper... It's Her Dog 
 Betty White Reveals Top 10 Secrets to a 'Long and Happy Life' 
 RT  The most powerful climate video you’ll see all week  
 We are chatting live with The  on Facebook right now! Plus, win something from our goodies closet... 
 We'll be chatting on Facebook at 2pm ET with the bad actors from  Join us! (Chance to win, too!) 
 Dalai Lama Makes $100k Donation to Homeless Charity 
 Angelina Jolie's Louis Vuitton Ad Benefits Charity 
 Harry Potter Stars Climb Mountains To Raise Money For Charity 
 Ryan Reynolds Teams Up With Nissan To Promote Electric Cars And Healthy Living 
 LOL: Ron Artest and Jimmy Kimmel Film Fake Animal Charity PSA 
 Finally! Own the Bed On Which Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart Had Their First Kiss  
 Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and Others March to Save Historic Mountain from Mining 
 Michael Vartan shares his dog care tips in a new ad for PETA. Do you have any to share with us?? Tell us here! 
 WATCH: Orphaned Baboon Adopts Bush Baby at Kenyan Animal Orphanage 
 Brad And Angelina Donate $500K To Tornado Victims 
 Ke$ha Urges Fans To Use Cruelty-Free Feather Extensions 
 Kate Middleton, Prince William Help Raise $28M For Children's Charity 
 Selena Gomez Edits Spray Painted Horses Out Of Her New Video 
 Win Wanderlust California Tickets for two & Yoga Wear by The North Face 
 RT  Are you following  on Foursquare for cool green travel tips? C'mon now: 
 UPDATE: Brazil’s Elite Police Force Dispatched To Help Environmental Activists 
 RT  An awards show for chemicals with names so long they won't fit in this tweet.....  June 16!! Vote now -  ...
 RT  Alice 15 & has cancer. Her blog is beautiful. One wish is that she'll trend on twitter. Make it so -    ...
 Royal Wedding Raises $1.6M For Charity 
 Apple's Mothership HQ: Before And After Greenspace 
 Love these  "parking meters" in  It's actually to donate to end homelessness.  
 ‘Whale Wars’ Scores Record Ratings With Season Four Premiere 
 JK Rowling Spends $1.6M To Demolish Home, Expand Her Personal Garden  
 Doggelganger: Program Matches You With Dog That Matches…You! 
 Doggelganger: Program Matches You With Dog That Matches...You 
 Single & veg in the Bay Area? Our friends  are planning  in August. Sounds fun! Check it!
 RT  Looking for a fabulous  designer or crowdsource options. Gracias!
 Massive Solar Flare Could Spark Northern Lights Above New York City  
 Michael Jackson's Tigers To Benefit From 'Thriller' Jacket Sale  
 Celebrity Studded Hope for Children Charity Gala Raises $1.4 Million 
 Orphaned Elephant Dances Without Being Trained Or Forced 
 Paul and Mira Sorvino Hold Diabetes-Friendly Recipe Contest 
 Sweet prize up for grabs for our newsletter subscribers from   You've got 1hr to sign up! 
 Sweet prize up for grabs for our newsletter subscribers from   Sign up here: 
 TOMS Shoes Talks With Ben Affleck About Eastern Congo Initiative 
 WATCH: 'Vegan 101' Trailer With Eric Roberts 
 Justin Bieber Performing Charity Show For Underprivileged Students 
 Bob Barker Says Don't Go to Sea World 
 WATCH: Paula Deen's Butter Intervention 
 Music Festival Honors Morrissey By Going Veg For One Day  
 These photos of Chile's Puyehue Volcano erupting are gorgeously insane: 
 'Jackass' Stars to Compete for Charity on 'Minute to Win It' 
 Eco-Actor Colin Firth Now a Published Science Author 
 Want a Fat Cat? Shelter Offers Overweight Kitties At A Discount 
 Hide your families: Return of the giant carnivorous snails 
 SAD: Destroyed South Central LA Farm Still Vacant After Five Years 
 Joan Jett Calls For Hearings On Seal Imports To Be Made Public 
 Camilla Parker Bowles Donates Signed Books To Oxfam Charity 
 Patrick Dempsey's Racing Team Gets Solar Sponsor, New Charity Initiative  
 "Whale Wars" is currently the  hottest search term on Google.  one of the best at scoring publicity for their cause.
 Ever hear of a "Gustnado"? A crazy cloud version of a tornado but w/o the funnel. One was caught on vid: 
 RIP Nesari: Rare Northern White Rhino Dies At Zoo 
 Shark Scare Over For New York Waters 
 RT  Congrats to  Michael Parish DuDell of  on winning the Best Speaker Award at  2011 ...
 RT  What do  +  share? Yoga! Read about the top 10 yoga crazy celebs on the WL blog via  ...
 'Whale Wars' Season Four Kicks Off Tonight!  (Follow   
 Take The GOOD 'Don't Eat Meat' Challenge (We Dare You!) 
 Charles Manson's Eco Group Developing 'Seed Gun' 
 Michelle Obama Unveils Food Pyramid (And It Has A New Shape!) 
 New Study Shows Monkeys Feel Regret Over Poor Choices 
 Video: Sigourney Weaver Gets Audubon Award, Tells Ladies to "Kick Ass" 
 Thanks for the RT  Have you seen  "10 Sexy Green Celebrity Websites"? 
 Robert Redford Might Go For 'A Walk In The Woods' 
 RT  Congrats to  Michael Parish DuDell of  on winning the Best Speaker Award at  20 ...
 Watch: Death Of A Comet 
 Jennifer Aniston Goes Topless For Bottled Water 
 Jamie Oliver's 'Food Revolution' Returns, Childhood Obesity Beware! 
 Can You Tell Me How to Get to Guam? Sesame Street Joins USO Tour 
 Gwyneth Paltrow has joined Twitter:  | Go get your Goop on.
 Stella McCartney's shop is coming to SoHo 
 Spinoff Rumor: Animal Planet Filming New 'Whale Wars' Series? 
 Our subscriber-only giveaway starts in 40 min! This week's prize from  and next week's from  
 Demi Moore Wants Circus Elephants Protected From Bullhooks 
 Tool Alert: Balloon Boy Dad Auctioning Off Hot Air Balloon For Tsunami Victims 
 A Third Environmental Activist Shot and Killed in Brazil 
 Will Quitting Smoking Help Lindsay Lohan Stay Healthy? 
 Vegan 'Jackass' Steve-O Storms Out of Charity Event 
 Are virtual frog dissections comparable enough to real dissections? Tell us here 
 WATCH: Legendary Bigfoot Found in Spokane, Washington 
 Cate Blanchett Fights Back Against Carbon Tax Critics 
 Vegetarian Mom-To-Be Alyssa Milano Parties With Prince At Concert 
 The good news is - eh, nevermind: Deforestation in the Amazon has increased nearly 500% compared to last yr. 
 Mike Tyson Feeling No 'Hangover' From Going Vegan 
  sounds like a cry for help?
 Will Ferrell Thinks Fundraising Is No Joke 
 Another Hollywood Film Studio Embraces Solar Energy 
 Alicia Keys To Host The Black Ball in London For AIDS Charity 
   Completely agree, Stephen! I know of many people who choose not to think about animals dying for their burgers.
 Meet Cory Monteith And Help Support Charity For At-Risk Kids 
 Mark Zuckerberg Will Only Eat Animals He Personally Kills 
 WATCH: Lion Steals Camera 
 'Avatar' Sequels To Be Powered By The Sun 
 We're chatting live on Facebook right now! 
 Ellen DeGeneres Hangs With Playboy Bunnies for Animal Rights Charity 
 We'll be chatting live on Facebook in one hour at 3pm ET. Join us! (We're talking about lunch, yum!) 
 Friskies Develops New iPad App For Cats, Meows Ensue 
 William And Kate Score Seeds, Honey, And Laptops From Obama Family  
 Idiots: Disney Withdraws Bid to Trademark ‘SEAL Team 6′ 
 Sea Shepherd Renames Vessel After Actress Brigitte Bardot   Great choice!
 PETA Sends Michelle Obama Faux-Leather Jacket, Still Waiting On Ours 
 'Glee' Star Lea Michele Campaigns Against Testing on Chimpanzees 
 HCG Diet Successful For Celebs, But Is It Safe? 
 Sheryl Crow Bribes Her Kids to Eat Healthy 
 Comedian Gets Last Laugh Against Anti-Gay Protesters 
 Our newsletter goes out in a few minutes, are you on the list?  You can win a cool gift set from 
 Iceland’s Grimsvotn Volcano is Erupting, Looks Cool 
 Judgment Day Now Rescheduled for October 21, Says Harold Camping 
 Katy Perry's Concert Rider Is Vegetarian and Eco-Friendly 
 How to Help Victims of The Tornado in Joplin, Missouri 
 Buy Justin Bieber's Charity Perfume And He Will Personally Lick You 
  Agreed!
  True
 Leonardo DiCaprio Pledges Big Donation to Sean Penn's Charity 
 Anna Kournikova Replaces Jillian Michaels on 'Biggest Loser' 
 BPA Ban in California?  
 Another gorgeous mix of light pollution and starry wonder. 
 Here is the winner of the 2011 International Earth and Sky Photo Contest  
 Donate to Food Revolution Charity for Jamie Oliver's Birthday Wish 
 Pippa Middleton Scores Green Job Thanks to Her Ex-Boyfriend 
 Pink Protests Spray Painted Horses in Selena Gomez Video 
 Nice: Sea Shepherd Fleet Gets A Makeover For New Campaigns 
 Watch: Liger Cubs Born in China 
 RIP: Macho Man Randy Savage To Spend Eternity With Favorite Dog 
 Macho Man Randy Savage To Spend Eternity With Favorite Dog 
 Jessica Simpson And Other Stars Go Barefoot for Charity 
 Taylor Swift Raises $750,000 For Tornado Victims 
 Backstreet Boys Go Vegetarian For New Tour  Will NKOTB follow?
 We're brand new on Foursquare. Are you there? 
 Oprah Honors ‘Favorite Guest’ With $1.5M School Donation 
  you are very sweet. Thanks for participating!
  thanks for the books today! “ I just won a book! (no, not a free iPad) Thanks  and 
 Danny DeVito Teams Up With Jamie Oliver To Improve School Lunches 
 Hilary Swank Produces Documentary Film For Cancer Charity 
 Schwarzenegger's 'Governator' Crime-Fighting Cartoon Axed?  
 Exclusive: Vaute Couture Founder Calls Farm Sanctuary 'Most Beautiful Place on Earth' 
 Green Actress Marion Cotillard Gives Birth To Baby Boy 
 RT  I just won a book! (no, not a free iPad) Thanks  and 
 Our  books by  were snapped up by three fast acting Facebook fans!
 Cannes  Gala Raises Record $10M  
 We've got autographed  books. We'll ask  to sign the first 3 names we receive & will mail to you! Want one? 
 Image: Suddenly, they didn't seem so crazy. 
 Say the world really does end tomorrow: What would you be most upset about not doing/seeing? Will RT some answers. 
 Getting ready for  tomorrow. Anyone in the Ecorazziverse going to be there?
 Michael Vick's Former Home to be Converted to Dog Sanctuary 
 End Of The World May 21st: The Apocamix 
 Glenn Beck Quits Being Vegan, Remains An Idiot 
 "Zombie Apocalypse" is trending. The day we feared has arrived. Or, it's just this, which would be cute: 
 We'll be on our FB chat for another 10. We've already announced how to enter to win the solar charging kit! Join us! 
 We're LIVE on Facebook! Come chat with us! (We're giving away a hot prize, too.) 
 Just so you know: May 21st  Scenario May Involve   
 LOL Viral Video: 'I Like Vegetables' Rap 
 RT  Grow your own mini garden in an Altoids tin 
 PETA Names Top 10 Veg Friendly Stadiums 
 Celebs Support Campaign To End Sex Trafficking 
 WATCH: Meghan McCain, Brandy Go Naked For Skin Cancer PSA 
 Diane Sawyer Gives  25,000 Oak Trees!  (Thanks to  for the tip!)
 NASA satellite shows stunning scar left by Alabama's F-4 tornado 
 Newsletter peeps: great swag this week! Rock Out Speakers from  Not on the list? You've got 26 min. 
 Here's your morning image: "Oh. Hi!" 
 Let’s Destroy Another One! First Habitable Exoplanet Revealed 
 May 21st Doomsday: Judgment Awaits? 
 Gordon Ramsay Slammed By Animal Rights Groups For Eating Snake Heart. Tell us what you think about this! 
 Viral Video: Cat and Barn Owl Are Best Friends 
 Wow! RT  Jeni Cook, married to an ex-Sex Pistols drummer, wants to teach you about the benefits of raw food: 
 Our first Facebook chat is this Thurs at 3PM ET. Plus, we're giving away a Solar Charging Kit from  
 Exclusive: Rory Freedman Says Farm Sanctuary Made Her Vegan 
 Exclusive: Kathy Freston Talks About Martha Stewart Using Honey on Vegan Episode 
 Emma Watson Partners With Lancôme On Eco-Cosmetic Line 
 President Obama Meets With Flood Victims in Memphis 
  I see your point, but we do say adopt, shelter dog, etc. in the article. We always promote adoption.
 Unpublished Michael Jackson Photos Will Help Power The World, Inventor Claims 
 WATCH: Celebs Record Charity PSA for Japan Relief 
 25th Anniversary Farm Sanctuary Gala Recap 
 Ecorazzi Sponsored Charity Clothing Swap a Success! 
 Dead Fish In Lake Erie Kind of Eerie 
 Seen this video? Vegan Black Metal Chef prepares Pad Thai. Complete w/headbanging: 
 Messed up. Disney Trademarks 'SEAL Team 6' (via  
 Watch: Climate Scientist Rap is Funky, Fresh and Informative  
 Charitable Superstar Robert Pattinson Turns 25 
 Justin Bieber To Meet With 9/11 Victim Per Barack Obama's Request 
  haha
  Thank you!
  Thanks!
  Next time ;)
  Happy weekend!
  We love you too Dina!
  thank you! You too! :)
  Thanks!!
 Ginnifer Goodwin Says Goodbye To Veganism 
 Viral Video: Baby Seal Being Released Back Into The Wild 
 Princess Beatrice's Royal Wedding Hat To Be Auctioned For Charity 
 Animal Rights Activist Ellen DeGeneres Nabs 12 Emmy Nominations 
 Want to help  write a presentation? What are some of your favorite "niche" sites and why? Besides ecorazzi, of course :)
 Sheryl Crow Promotes All-Natural, Vegan Toothpaste 
 Vegan Extravaganza Unlikely for Paul McCartney's Third Wedding 
 Thanks to  for the wonderful  dinner last night in  Absolutely amazing food. (The cocktails weren't bad either... :) )
 Bid On Charity Auction To Meet Justin Bieber (!!) 
   Great choice - maybe tomorrow evening!
  We'll try and swing by tomorrow!
  Who is your favorite?
 RT  RT  Ecorazzi’s Good Gossip: Episode 1 
 Alexander McQueen Leaves Large Amount of Money to His Dogs 
 Are you more inclined to see an actor's movie if you know they lead a green lifestyle?
 Twitter, you are the first to hear! Finally, Ecorazzi news that you can watch! Good Gossip, Episode 1: 
 McDonald’s to Offer Healthier Happy Meal, Wins Michelle Obama’s Praise  
  Tries To Shut Down Boxing Kangaroo Show 
