 RT  Free Birth Control! Hells. Yeah. 
 RT  Insurers Required to Cover Birth Control from 2013 with $0 copay  via   About time!
 RT  4,000 drunks at Mke brewfest. ~10,000 at  game. I'll say ... 6,000 at German fest. And how many on Brady? I g ...
 I'm at Sprague Farm & Brew Works (22113 US HWY 6, Venango) 
 I just became the mayor of Mangiones Beverage on  
 RT  Tonight summed up: Obama "we need to stop fucking around and settle this shit". Boehner "fuck you".
 RT  If you find that you aren't being challenged enough at work, you should probably get a real fucking problem.
 RT   for becoming so far removed from the people. None of you have ANYTHING in common with any of us.
 RT  RT  Amy Winehouse joins Brian Jones, Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, Jim Morrison, Kurt Cobain and many more in th ...
 The best part of Downtown Employee Appreciation Week is that the nearest part of it is 6 blocks away and we only get 30 min for lunch.
 RT  Research shows that people who work from home are more satisfied with their jobs because they avoid office politics. http ...
 RT  To do list: Buy angry birds stuffed animals. Walk around town throwing them at people. 
  Oh shit - that's the best laugh I've had all day!
 I thought we'd settled on "tea bagger"?  “ "Tweasel","TeaBadger", "Teapublican" - - hard to select just one Tea Party taunt.”
 RT  Ironically, this is what Planned Parenthood does: Institute of Medicine recommends free birth control for all  http: ...
 RT  How to Cook Everything Vegetarian for iPhone. Win a copy: RT and follow  before 6pm PST today.  
  'Afternoon! ;)
  I was just thinking about that the other day! Most Gatorade I've ever consumed in one day.
 Sighting of  on S 1st and Florida  
 RT  The White House endorsed the Respect For Marriage Act, which would repeal the Defense Of Marriage Act. That's good news!
 RT  RT  It's cute when you call me bitch because I have tits and take care of myself and don't care if you exist.
 Moreover why is it ok for millionaire athletes to strike but not us? “ Sooo, if rich athletes are striking, why aren't we??"
  typewriter
 A shaving cream pie qualifies as "assault"?! Better watch I don't bump into someone today and be charged w a felony. 
 RT  The federal tax code is so unfair that Warren Buffett says he pays a lower effective tax rate than his secretary.  ...
 RT  When did nurses, teachers,firefighters,state workers, become the problem? The real problem deregulation of banks, wa ...
 RT  "The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated" -Gandhi
 Won a 3 lb summer sausage at the  
 RT  Join us for the Frolics Parade starting at 11 here in Bay View!
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Palomino on  
 RT  "Why buy the cow when you can have the milk for free?" Because I want a burger, jackass.
  That sucks! They got me walking too but there is also decent running pic.
 How awful are everyone else's  photos? I look so pissed and so dead in my finish line shot, I almost want to buy it as a keepsake.
 RT  A woman in the military is more likely to be raped by a fellow soldier than killed by enemy fire. 
 Me: "Who would hire her for anything?!"  Coworker: "She'd be good in a dunk tank."
 Other users on  piss me off so much and so often, I'm about ready to quit.
 Wish I would have seen  at  Great job girl!!
  Don't be bummed! That heat was killer. We should all be proud with finishing!
 We all survived  Great job everybody!    and  
 RT  Seeing tweets reporting collapse and seizure due to heat and no water. Inexcusable. Hope everyone is ok. 
 RT   run ran out of water and cups at multiple station in 90 degree heat!  (otherwise great run)
 RT  While I'm happy I ran the  Rock N Sole 10k, many improvements need to be made for me to do it again. Like having a ...
 RT  Look who is BIG TIME!  getting interviewed by the journal! 
 Lined up for  with  and  Woo! We're sweating already!
  Good luck to you too Chris!
 RT  Getting ready for  half marathon over the Hoan bridge. Good luck to all runners! Stay cool & drink lots of w ...
 RT  Good morning and good luck to all  runners!
 Ok all these little girls can go into their Katy Perry show now... 
 Thank you for coming to   you guys rocked it!! I've been a fan since I heard you on London, Ont. radio in 2001!
 RT  Not sure how/why Sam Roberts Band is a 6pm show at  but I'll take it! They rock...and roll.
 Sam Roberts Band!! <3 <3 I love this band and have for years! O Canada! 
 I'm at Henry Maier Festival Park (200 N Harbor Dr, Summerfest Grounds, Milwaukee) w/ 31 others 
 The entire length of 894 is waiting for a single traffic light on Howell Ave 
 Closed 94 hell   
 RT  LIVE VIDEO: I-94 shut down in both directions near the airport due to power line that is down on the freeway.  ...
   Did you see Marcum go yard? We did!  
 OH: "I'll take a rum and coke. Oh wait - I'm driving! Bring me a beer."
 I just ousted Dani K. as the mayor of Bay View Park on  
 If a tree falls in the woods, does it make a sound? If the NBA doesn't have a 2011-12 season, does anyone notice?
   Or you could just start a Milwaukee bookclub! :)
   :(
 RT  BorowitzReport: The Republicans in Congress say trillions could be cut from the budget if we eliminate empathy.
  wednesday
  They're all pretty cute, but Puffy reminds me of the kitty I had as a little girl! 
  Aerosmith
 RT  "To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are." ~Unknown
 RT  A color-coded illustration of just how much American maternity leave policy sucks  via  ...
 RT  I'm easy like Sunday morning.
 RT  Look for Me at the Gay Pride parade today. I'll be the one with the rainbow. Not the rainbow flag... the rainbow.
 RT  Let's all remember it has been activists in  and progressive groups that deserves credit for NY victory. Polit ...
 RT  Remember when Justice Prosser allegedly called Abrahamson a bitch? Now he's alleged grabbed Justice Bradley by the neck http: ...
 Prosser - calls one female colleague a bitch and chokes another. Great choice, people of Wisconsin. 
 Prosser allegedly grabbed fellow justice by the neck 
 I'm at Palomino (2491 S Superior St, E Russel Ave, Milwaukee) w/ 2 others 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Palomino on  
 Drumroll please....
  Dang it! I did try!
  Can we get an update on the quiz on your site? Did you get 9 more perfect scores yet?
 RT  RT  How can corporate profits be up 22% while jobs and the economy suck? 'Cause you're being played.  ...
 RT  Happy birthday Jemma!  Jemma turns 3 years old on July 3rd!  Have a great day! 
 RT  In these more desperate times: more guns, in more hands, can only lead to more tragic accidents and more aggressive cr ...
 Have you ever gone to live-tweet a show, then remember you're watching it on dvr?
 What about the poorest public workers? Some could see 25% pay cut: 
  ... Nature's anti-inflammatory
 RT  If you think laying people off from government jobs doesn't increase unemployment   
 That's my girl! “ Jemma has the life! Nice afternoon by the lake. ”
 RT  "If your wife’s life was at stake and the only thing that could save her was an abortion, well, too bad." - Santorum ht ...
 RT  RT  Only 6% of rapists ever spend a day in jail. 
  Thank you good sir!
 RT  Favorite bumper sticker: "Of course it hurts, you're getting screwed by an elephant!"
   
 Going away party for  :( ( Bar Louie w/ 3 others) 
  Hahaha! I'm afraid a lot of people work for this same company! ;) 
 Work: where you try to do cool shit but nobody supports you, so then they can give you a different project that's a goddamn nightmare
 RT  Words of advice from my sister: "Don't be a jogger. You'll always be the first to find bodies." -Thanks Britt! :)
  The boys in my house say that's a gang symbol. ?! I'm sure Abe would really like that...
 RT  Let the home-brewing begin!!   
   YEAH!! Go Jamie!!
 RT  just because you're not gay doesn't mean you can't stand in solidarity w/ those who are, it isn't contagious.
 Why is regulating the temp inside a bldg evidently SO HARD?! This isn't 1950 - we have freaking technology.
  What is the camera you use? Your photos always look great and it must be small enough that you always carry it with you...?
 Yeah!! “ When a hwy lane ends the last 100 yards should be lined with land mines for the assholes that wait to merge.”
 The next time I get discouraged about my running performance, can you guys remind me to take a look at my cow... 
 RT  Only 6% of scientists are Republicans...I guess reality has a liberal bias? 
  I've made the rounds thru all of em in recent years. Shockingly Claritin is what's working for me now.
 RT   Any drag queens in SD 10 we can run as a Republican?
 RT  You're an elected official & do something offensive, u must resign. Looking forward to the resignations of anyone t ...
 I'm at Chill on the Hill (3000 S Howell Ave, Humboldt Park, Milwaukee) w/ 3 others 
 RT  I can foresee a heated battle for foursquare Mayorship of 
 RT  Privatization, deregulation and the loss of unions will result in a corporate free-for-all financial assault on the av ...
 RT  Weiner flirted with women while married, Thomas sexually harassed them. One apologized, the other continues to serve the S ...
 40 hours of work per week is just too much.
 RT  in the USA u are statistically more likely to win the lottery than to move upwards socioeconomically through work in ...
 RT  Is  a grown man? If so, he has every legal right to take a picture of his COVERED balls and share it.  ...
 RT  Finally, Henleys anthem:  Heart of the Matter. "And the more I know, the less I understand. But I think its about forg ...
  Hahaha! No - just on the same page! ;)
 If your ass doesn't hang out of your pants when you're gardening, you're doing it wrong. 
 Or "phishing scheme" ;) “ Sorry, but if you don't provide an Unsubscribe link, I just have to click on "This is spam" button.”
  Yeah!! Excellent 1st tweet! And I like the avitar too! Have fun!
 OH: "She took more cocks than credits this semester."
 RT  Come on Wisconsin  lovers! Get 2 free tix to WI Beer Lovers Fest AND Summerfest in Milwaukee? 1 set give… (cont ...
 Been a bad week for friends moving out of Milwaukee :( Maybe  and  will move TO mke and cheer us all up...
  Are you guys doing summer passports this year?
 RT  Chris Christie's payment for his copter ride is = to half of the max family income to go on Medicaid per his proposal
 You know you're with a jock when... He calls the used bookshop "Play It Again Books" :/
 RT  2 free tix to WI Beer Lovers Fest AND Summerfest in Milwaukee? 1 set given out /day for anyone who follows  ...
  Awesome! I've been wanting to learn to sew for a long time (not pregnant) - all those domestic skills are hip again :)
 RT  Whose side is the GOP on?  GOP just gave big tax cuts to corporations & wealthy while increasing taxes on elderly & low ...
  Sure it's not beer cans?
 OH  to driver: "Can you let me know when we get to Potawatomi?" / Dude has a better day planned than I do.
 RT  RT  "Abortion is about women's hopes, dreams, potential, the rest of their lives." ~ George R. Tiller, MD
 Let's plant some shit!! Isn't that their one commercial? ( Home Depot w/ 4 others) 
 The lady a couple houses down gave me some extra heirloom veg plants she started from seed! Awesome!   
 Heehee! Mancrafts are cute! 
 And now for the fun errands! ( Northern Brewer) 
 Just another day at the dump! 
 My first trip to the dump! (Holy Christ...) ( Milwaukee City Yards w/ 2 others) 
 brilliant! “ The best idea I've ever had is following the Daily Cute Boy tumblr.  *drool*”
 OH: "And Don Johnson is not cheap - although he should be!"
 Trivia night w my bitches! Happy furlough day tomorrow! ( Blackbird Bar w/ 2 others) 
  UGH!! Total pet peeve when my man invites ppl I have to entertain! Go "to the store" and don't come back!
 RT  So basically, social media people spend their entire lives at conferences tweeting about how awesome social media peo ...
 RT  OK, miss new boob avatar every week. That's quite enough angles, thanks. I'm pretty sure I could pick your low self esteem o ...
 Come to think of it, I don't think I saw a single  joke in my Facebook feed. WTF is wrong with them? Love you Twitter!
 RT  Crackpot Cult Leader says "Oops! I was wrong, it it will be in October"    yhoo.it/mThclH 
  Enjoyed your last blog post! Thanks for being a genuine, open, and gracious tweeter & local social media "star" ;)
  Congrats! Love your blog - looking forward to reading about your new adventures ;) Best of luck and lots of love!
 RT  Play Rapture excuse Bingo!  
 People please don't come to  if you're all complainey. Listening to you bitch at next table kills my buzz. Go to Mason St Grill.
 RT  Verily I have seen many Sunday-morning "walks of shame" before, but never so many that end in church.
 OH: "I don't know where you're going with this." " I went there. I'm done."
 Outed herself! “ Sitting in a kids camping chair AND it has a beer holder. 
 Someone is now sitting in the baby's camping chair... With a beer smashed in the sippy cup holder... Deplorable.  
 RT   Fab Tommy Cupcakes courtsey of  !!!  Good Luck in Cleveland Tommy!!    ...
 Me and my crazy dog after the race 
 Ran 3.1 miles in 35 mins and felt good. My first 5k!! Finished in 35 min on the nose. Only had to walk a coup... 
 RT  Now following  ~ Frozen dessert for the well endowed dude.  But of course.
 So this  that's suddenly everywhere... Do they not realize everyone thinks "condoms" when they hear the word "magnum"??
 Do you think any of these wing nuts will actually stop and re-examine their beliefs after the rapture doesn't come? 
 RT  In the last 10 years, the largest oil companies in this country have made almost $1 trillion in profit....some have  ...
 Me: They might be out of your favorite cookie at this time of nite. Him: They'll have something. Get me a ladybug cupcake or some shit.
 Like I was saying - nobody has any common sense or manners anymore: Cops kick cellphone blabbermouth off train  
 RT  I live in a completely different world than Republicans. I know this because they voted to extend taxpayer subsidies to the oi ...
 After reading several awesome foodie / diy blogs I wonder: why don't I do this? Then I realize I'd have to deal w people I know reading it.
 OH (in my head): "You should start having a  Gumballhead and OJ everyday before work."
 Yeah!! I love boys who build stuff!  and  are in the middle of making us a basement bar:  
 RT  If you're offending a Republican, you're on the right track.
 RT  You know who should stop popping up int eh news? The dumb Fond Du Lac guy that eats a billion Big Macs... NO ONE FUCKI ...
  Haha! I've heard of this somewhere before... A definite possibility!
 RT  Fact: Condoms prevent minivans. 
  I am training. Never ran before this. My first 5k is next weekend! Updates will follow... Eek!
  Cool. I'm signed up for Summerfest 10k and starting to freak out!
  Awesome!! :)
 Woke up to a 90 lb dreaming dog kicking me in the back. Mmmm it's like free shiatsu.
 RT  Today: Even shittier than yesterday. Wind Advisory in effect from 8 AM-6PM. Fog, cloudy, rainy, windy, cold. High migh ...
 RT   Where 40% of users spam, 5% share/interact & 55% are social media experts
 RT  The Fight Continues Rally in Madison   
  "The Dirty Life" by  and loving it so far!
  Agreed. World is becoming more dangerous & their answer is arm more citizens - should be NO armed cit & better fund police
 RT  Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school. ~ Albert Einstein
  Haha just backyard fun. Check my last few tweets. :)
 Whatever the  animals dictate “ what are you drinking on this thirsty Thursday?”
 Sociable!!! The one with 4 penguins? Only one w more than 1 animal 
 RT   Fabulous idea. Love it. What animal would be a sociable?
 Ahh!!  dolphin!! Somebody start the waterfall!!
 We need to develop a drinking game to coincide w the  animals flying over the house: rabbit=beer shotgun, fox=vodka etc?
 RT  Hoping the FedEx plane rolls through soon.   
  Then why endorse him? They actually thought he'd stand by them?
  Police and fire are probably surprised! They should have known better than to endorse the weasel! (Milw P&F that is)
  Amen to that, my brother!
 RT  Don't forget, when the mercury rises, a whole lot of stupid comes out.  
 RT  Oh thank god. This bill repeals the current law prohibiting possessing electric weapons. Tasers for all!   ...
 RT  Intersection at Howell, Kinnickinnic, and Lincoln to be reconfigured.  
 RT  . We've decided that you should run for governor when Walker gets recalled.  We'll help!
 RT  Over $200 million of additional revenue found. Contrary to Walker and Republican rhetoric, we are not broke.
 OH: "Facebook and kids have ruined plenty of marriages."
 Listening to webinar on SoMe marketing. If you have to say "be genuine" as a strategy then it's disingenuous. So fake.
 RT  Two memorials to people killed on KK is two too many  
 RT  Making Bicycling Easy: 10 Things I've Learned 
 RT  If you think gay marriage threatens your marriage 
