 Thank you Mark and everyone at PDMA for a great conference.  
 Mark: this   conference is an engagement platform
 Intuit: "93% of all innovations that became successful started wrong direction". As  says "fail early, fail often" 
 Wow, got to talk more with Laurie from  about how they treat their community. They are really doing great things!  
 poll: what is the best incentive currency for motivating a community of makers?   
  love your MonInspired grants!  
  thanks for the poll feedback!  
 RT  Moms Rock!! Shout out to my wonderful wife!! Love ya!  >> here here!
  has an 11,000 member community and makes it work. it matters how many Active Competent participants you have 
  - now that there are 40 winners instead of 1 that gets $1000, everyone is much happier (& less cheating)
 poll: what is the best incentive currency for motivating a community of makers?  
 I'm taking a poll: what is the best incentive currency for motivating a community of makers?  
  for big transformation, start small, iterate often  
  "It's time to reboot culture"  
 RT  "if you don't like change, you're going to like irrelevance even less" -  
  ha, that was actually an honest mistake. Forgot my coffee this am
 RT  Can't believe we are in day 2  and first time  is mentioned. follow 
 Steve Factor "Bitcoin: the ultimate in social currency" May not be the future, but example how currency itself can be social 
  don't use too many incentive currency schemes  
 Help  solve the problem of fuel waste and traffic congestion - check out  
 RT   "don't take your mind off of the end goal". He has it right. 
  the crowd needs strong leadership  
  hi from Toby  
 RT  More BFOs from  Companies need to get started or get left behind, we need more 25yo CEOs, and co-creation for B ...
 Co-creation: "Evolution of value creation"  
 Thrilled to kick off day 2  
 Wrapping up day 1 at  - fabulous line-up. Thanks all!  
 "People will reward you more for giving people money to give away vs. giving them money to spend"  
 "People will reward you more for giving people money to give away vs. giving them $ to spend"  
 RT  I think I need to get my husband a MakerBot for his birthday. Wicked cool.  >> Agreed! ..Love the Boston reference
 Next up: Zack of   
 RT   peeps you "MAKE AWESOME MATTER"   is lighting the way 
  founder  now presenting at  
 RT  Dale and makezine reminder: people WANT to make cool stuff and play is how we personalized tech 
 RT  "If you want to understand social tools, don't look to organizations or institutions, follow groups of people" -  ...
  let me know if you have any more trouble.
 Sorry for technical   Router reset. We're back up.  
 RT  And  takes the stage: "The next decade will be about applying social and innovation models to the real world."  ...
  as a child looks in a box of metal blocks: "where's the engine?"... "it's in there. It's our job to take it out."  
 Chris Anderson of  presenting at  about the current maker industrial revolution 
 RT   says that key requirement for breakthrough innovation is number of attempts 
 Incentive CEO: "it's better to ask a good question and get good answers than to just open the suggestion box" 
 RT   If you give money as any incentive give them a tool to go along with it. 
  shares Obama's endorsement of co-creation citing   
  announces  at  coming this fall!
  "Take many individual ideas and bring them all together" 
 RT  Wisdom of  coming from  Take an idea, give an idea. 
 RT  Recognition of contributors is very important and a major draw for communities. 
 RT  Lawyers will tell you you cannot co-create, IP, License, Copyright,  push yourself push your company. 
 Very cool... Everyone at the conference gets a  custom   to build at 
  uses co-creation to reinvent their pizza with full transparency with their customers 
 Co-creation generates lots of original ideas. Attendees at  are challenged to build a  duck  
  gives  attendees an interactive co-creative challenge  
 Engagement platforms must be built with the people 
 The PDMA conference on co-creation is underway on site at  
 Can't wait for  to meet  at Carnegie Mellon tomorrow 11:00 ET with  made DARPA EC2V 
  The ten coolest DIY cars  > yeah baby! 
 Why be a PHP developer at  - because it's cool...  although it's not as cool as  
 Local Motors is hiring a PHP Web Developer at 
 Love COOL Cars? Great at PHP? Help  change the game. Tweet  - Please pass this on!  >IF U MISS THIS 
 Love COOL Cars? Great at PHP? Help  change the game.  Tweet  - Pass this on   
  looking forward to it.
 Love COOL Cars? Great at PHP? Help  change the game.  Tweet  - Pass this on   
 RT   looking for 2 gr8  developers to join team in Phoenix. Help us on new secret plan!  write  ...
 Take a look at the   Build Cam at  
 Check our our live DARPA cam 
  I'm sorry I missed it John a in AZ. How did it go?
  Hi Justin,  regarding "   would love to help out" please call me at 781-956-5606  Tim (CIO)
 Phoenix Magazine: "Now he’s (  ) letting
 RT  Love this! Join   Fly a Helicopter thx  >>  Did it this am - SO COOL  
 I'm going Web Design & Development Meetup Group in Scottsdale AZ 
 I'm going to a Meetup with Boston PHP 
 Conference on Social Product Development & Co-Creation   
 RT   Host   We hope this setting serves as expression of why  matters ht ...
  Hi Paul, I'm CIO for   Would love to chat sometime!  - Tim
  thanks Garret, just did
  (see cover Popular Mexhanics) is hiring a PHP developer. Check out  for Local Motors or tweet me back! 
 RT   is hiring a PHP developer.  Check out  for Local Motors or tweet me back! 
  is hiring a PHP developer.  Look on  for Local Motors or tweet me back! 
 I want a sony Internet tv  
  hey Chad, would love to chat some more. Are you still here or would you like to grab a beer or coffee sometime? Tim
  stopped by and spoke to Michael. I'm CIO of  and would like to chat. When will you be at 222?
 Hmmm. It's 1:20... iPhone is set correctly but thinks it's 12:20. Computer says 11:20.
  I'm here until tuesday if that's what you were asking
 Now you can test drive the  just tweet  or  
 If you want to test drive the  tweet  or  
  alex, call  at  (480) 371-6797
 To those I have spoken to at  who wanted to test drive the  it's here now!  Let  or me know
 Shared a rickshaw. Poor guy had to stop twice on hills!
 In a kick-ass discussion about influencers in your community  
  great meeting you!  Nice beard!  
  No worries Chris. Maybe we'll connect tonight.
  chris, you still here?  What are you wearing?
  Upstairs at bar. Black vest
  just entered
  be there in 15 mins
  Sorry thats emo
  just leaving Enzo now.
  like to say hi Chris.  Where are you?
 RT  Case study: Local Motors uses a ZScanner and Rapidform to help design the first open source car - the Rally Fighter http: ...
 Badge? I don't need no stinkin' badge 
   Indeed - it was my pleasure Ryan!  Any suggestions for parties tonight?  Maybe we can chat again over a beer.
 Time to charge the phone  
  have fun JD! Let's hook up when you get back
 great bumping into acronk. Musicians, check out his awesome app blinkr.com 
 Joe Berry tells me to use the open android platform in the car... I like it, Joe  
  what's next?
   great jD. Just getting started. How is everything with you?
 
 If you are at SXSW tweet me
 Off to SXSW
 DARPA teams up with  to co-create a military transport vehicle 
 RT  Driving around Boston in the Rally Fighter from  - 
  Rally Fighter sold today for $100,000 at Barrett Jackson
 Hanging with the homemade Baja Racer - BBC Top Gear  via 
 "absolutely bedazzling sight- a dream materialized. congrats to everyone there, for this HUGE achievement"  
 Test 13: Test 13 
  "It's about designing cars on the Web..." 
  Ugh, can't use twitter. Tweetdeck doesn't work for me now.  Are you on Facebook?
  Sorry to hear about Cameesa.  How is the thermal energy biz? Very cool stuff!
 Twitter...: Loving the flexibility of mesaging from the new mobile app, but Twitter just pulled the plug on their  
  sure!  Email me at tthomas
 Tuning twitter.. this is a test 
 App coming soon: It's coming!  Here's a sneek peek... 
  that's great. Word about LM is really getting out. Hey, we never managed to get together. Would like to if you have the time.
  ...was going to say!  that's some haircut Ari, and you might need a shave too!  ;)
 RT  Which option do you like for Gauge faces? We want to hear from   fans  http: ...
 Woo hooo!: I'm really enjoying playing with the pre-release version of the new Local Motors mobile app!  
 
  Right!   It's coming fast.
 RT  RT  Love that I just did a Google Image Search on crowdsourcing and the  Rally Fighter in top results
  Hey Mike, how's the new job going?
  Congrats on the new apartment!
 Cowboy boots will help Sarah! RT  rang it!       
 Welcome Back 
 Vote! Panel for  -  of    of  and  of  
 Vote!  Panel for  -    of  and  of  
 BlackLabelMag.cm says: "If you build it, they will Rally" Damn straight!  
 "Who needs American Idol when you’ve got serious beauties like this."  
 Check out the  BWC event live tonight now EDT here 
 Check out the  BWC event live tonight after 9:00 EDT here 
  "has developed a business model that builds and sells cars by creating a direct connection with customers" 
   sorry I'm missing this one!
 Back in the groove!
 Sad to leave Phoenix and  What a great grand opening this weekend!
 Jump!: Jay takes enthusiast on the ride of his life in the rally fighter during our open house this evening. 
 Rock and roll!  CEO Jay Rogers building the microfactory in time for the grand opening on Sat.  
 RT  RT  New Blog Post! No One likes Spam!!! - Especially the  Team! 
 RT  What would  cars look like in the 1930s? Heres 1 idea  Competition starts Weds! 
 Tuning twitter.. this is a test 
 Blurring the Lines: "now, more than ever, we also have the option to try our hand at designing the goods ourselves" 
  Wow, took a look at the site.  Very cool!  Do you design trucks for marketing purposes or for clients?
  &  making waves around the world with real world application of co-creation... Berlin: 
  Hey Nemo, haven't chatted in a while.  How have you been?
  Hope you're having a great birthday in Berlin Jay!
  The point is that  makes cars for specific local markets.  They really "get" this particular LM model in southwest USA
 Popsci (Popular Science) checks out  
 Car Design News:  announces Pacific Northwest Competition Winners  
 Wired:  heads to the Pacific Northwest 
 RT  RT  Happy Birthday  ! From  crew >> Amen enjoy it!  Hope you had a great birthday!
 RT   community chat getting started now at 
  community chat getting started now at 
 RT      Nice article in March's  !
 Check out the new  section of the  website! 
 RT  RT  ✁ Design Contest : Thrive in the Elements & Rally Fighter Travels:  via  ...
 RT  Check  the  "Rally Fighter" is the next big thing" - rockin! 
 Wired's  " In the Next Industrial Revolution..." Featuring  and   
  says the "Rally Fighter is the next big thing" - awesome!  
  covered the Rally Fighter - thanks!   
 Come see the Rally Fighter in Austin, TX!   
 "How a Community Builds a Car" - apt title, well written  
 Chek out "How a Community Builds a Car" - apt title, well written  
 "Car Story" epilogue - coming soon... join the Facebook group to get 1st look!  
 RT   Co-Creation=contrib'n, collab'n & choice.  maes C.O.O.L. Cars - community, opensrc, own.experncs & local
 The Epilogue is out... 
 What is co-creation?  
 RT  RT   local motors is creating an ecosystem of consumer-contributors & not just passive buyers. !!
 The next 10 years will be about applying (post-institutional social models) to the real world  
 RT  Managers take note: The Seven Deadly Sins of Leadership 
 Open Source  Download the Rally Fighter Chassis 
 RT  Community and Real Products 
  designer "fallingjetengine" designs for the hunters of TX, the Texas Titan  
  posts rallyfighter testing video in all its glory   
  's Peter Ellsworth, " tests Rally Fighter, to start production"  
 A  truck just for Texas - Vote Now!  
  report "Build your own dream car with  REALLY AWESOME video  
 Jalopnik -  takes flight! 
  post on  TX motors competition - motorheads and hunters converge!  
 Wired's  "In the Next Industrial Revolution..." Featuring  and   
 More rallyfighter action comin' up in Episode 10 of "A Car Story", NOW!  Watch    Please RT :)  
 Check out  perspective on  TX Motors Competition  
  on TX Motors: What do you think? Can we improve hunting vehicles?  
 Autoblog: Getting down and dirty!  
 Great video from FOX about  
 RT  RT  RT  Check out our special report on  : 
 RT  Interview with Tim Thomas  of  about Community and Real Products  > thanks again Chia
  Westward! Send pic of trailer to sales w/ location-get RF print  
  designer "ArmandHerve" designs for the hunters of TX  
 Catch up on "A Car Story" Episode 9 - Episode 10 comes out Feb 10!  
 Wired's  " In the Next Industrial Revolution..." Featuring  and   
  post on  TX motors competition - motorheads and hunters converge!  
  on the  TX Motors challenge: perfect for outdoorsman  
 A  truck just for Texas - design for hunters.  Check 'em out -and join!   
  Hi Lisa. I hope the launch of Blueberry Baboon is going well!  -Tim
  have you implemented Facebook Connect Kevin?
 RT  RT  Check out our special report on  :  > thx team Fox 4 the covg
 Have you seen "the wall" yet?  
 RT  braunarsch: quite a nice front! 
 RT  ok, this is really cool - 
 RT    u ladies rock 4 taking time 2 hang out in the rain w/ us die-hard fans!  kicks ass!
   (continued) ...thanks!
 RT  ..huge fan of LM - used you as an example in presentation yesterday  (hope u don't mind) > dont mind at all
 RT  Crowdsourced Auto Design: Local Motors Audaciously Challenges the Status Quo     ...
  I'll have to take a look at twittelator pro - currently using tweetdeck and twitteriffic.  Just added Brightkite.  Love it, thx.
 Finishing 1st phase of  Connect implementation for    Tweet me if you would like to chat about best practices!
 RT  big thanks to  for coming by and talking to us- great blog post from  on their visit: 
  Hi Chia, Sorry we played phone tag tonight.  Feel free to call me tomorrow.
  Holy cow, what's a floppy disk?? Is that like a "record"? :)
 RT  RE  LOL  you should know better :-)
  Can't beat that!  Nice pic.
 Waiting for that 3G Skype app! 
 RT  Checking out google maps v3  today.  No API makes it much easier to share work, especially at a non-profit like  ...
  Hi Matt. Following your Bio advice and introducing myself. I am the CIO of a progressive new American car company 
  Ha.  If you find the secret, please share :)
  believe it or not, my fav iPhone app is flashlight! Use it a lot. The coolest so far might be "Where" or "Trip It". What's yours?
  Paul, would love to compare notes on FB Connect strategies and best practices.  Let me know if you are interested in chatting
  Lucky you! If I wasn't CIO for the coolest new car company, I'd love to work at an awesome ski area in Colorado!
 RT   isn't  mindblowing? I can't wait to show everyone what it is tomorrow night > OK signed up. Thx 4 the info
  There's a manual for the iPhone? :)
 RT  Sun’s Chief Executive Tweets His Resignation 
  Great!   If I may ask... what was the most effective thing did (or could do) for increasing awareness, and also sales?
 Have you seen the new  yet?  There's still time to catch it on tour 
 RT  Working on  piece, wondering who I'll cater all this welling Valentine's sentiment to. Candidate  Mom.
 Yeah, Dirty!  
  Great. Thx for link to your website! Have you seen ours?     BTW , who programmed google maps on your page?
 RT  Bad boys bad boys. Whatcha gunna do???? >> Gonna get in my "bad boy"  and drive! Look -> 
 RT  Black cars, all black everything... >> Have you seen this all black car?  (well, there is a little red!)
 RT  deuxfov: Hey, Nyko and Aurel It's been a while. You guys did fantastic job on that trailer. Excellent! 
 RT "Most exciting thing that's happened to the auto industry in my lifetime:  "
  Very cool. What did you do for them?
  Got it, thanks.  I was thinking you were looking for examples of croudsourcing, was going to suggest out site 
 RT   done Gracias!
  Works without the dot on - check out 
 Have YOU spotted the  driving (or jumping dunes)? send us your pics (pics and let us know where you saw it!
 RT   disagree re crowdsourcing, monkeys and peanuts.  check out 
  Specifically what are you looking for?
  (Ha. Sent this to the wrong person last time) When you say that you have worked in "car sharing", what do you mean by that?
 RT  In the next industrial revolution, atoms are the new bits, says Wired editor  
 RT: Local Motorheads... update your  account with your twitter name!! 
 RT  how did I miss this? 
 RT  I know I now work for Ford, but holy crap what an awesome way to buy a car! 
 RT  Local Motors, the first open source car to hit product...   
 RT  Just met  and  of  and got a very thorough hang time with the  Want. So. Bad.
 RT  The After panel at  with     about    ...
 RT  caught  by chance... had no idea what it was! pic here.   here 
 RT  Great panel on crowdsourcing in car and sw industries! Thanks        ...
  Hi Chia, did you get my email earlier?  I noticed you just attended  presenting at 
  Sorry, I must have clicked on the wrong link.
 LIVE Social Media broadcast ON NOW Week 
 RT  Oblivion: Hi guys and girls! I'm new to the LM community, so be kind and vote on the Ascension and... 
 RT  RT    see  at green drinks tomorrow night!
 RT  Today Local Motors CEO Jay Rogers is speaking on SF Social Media Week Panel with Chris Anderson from.. 
 A great Car Design Coloring Tutorial... 
 RT  RT  Taking Social Media to real world?   is trying it:    Something for us  ...
  When you say that you have worked in "car sharing", what do you mean by that?
 Great Car Design Coloring Tutorial 
 RT  Want a Rally Fighter ?   
 RT  MBW17: very very nice stuff! really liking the last ferrari you have posted 
 RT  Could  find a home in Pasadena. One good opinion here> 
 RT  Taking Social Media to real world?  is trying it:  Something for us  to think on
 RT   I love it. Are you based out of the states? > yes, presently MA, but our first microfactory will be in AZ
 RT: Local Motorheads... update your  account with your twitter name!! 
  Hi Kerry, read your bio - have you checked out  
   is traveling so I thought I would send you this link about the tour schedule until she can reply 
 Are you plugged in? Tap into the buzz about  and the  
 Get dirty! 
 RT   it was at marketing forum in Dubai on social media usage.  A VP at a Telecom firm here used LM as case study
  Nice!  Fun!  Alejandro, be nice to Jen today! :)
 RT   by Bay Bridge. Sunny day in SF  
  can't wait to see it Nemo!
  Hey Nemo, did you get my message that I de-activated all of your portfolio images?
 RT  Chris Anderson &  Jay Rogers talk crowdsourcing stuff like   SF Feb 2 RSVP 
  Here's our first vehicle, the Rally Fighter - it's an off-road rally racer designed to be street legal 
  Local Motors, a new American car company.  We croudsource the design of our vehicles on our website 
  Love your Flickr photostream!
 RT  JasonSpector “Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.” - Napoleon Hill (RT 
 RT  denimb6a4: Sweet sketches man. Can't wait to see more. 
 Local Motorheads... update your  account with your twitter name!! 
 Watch "A CAR STORY" Episode 9:   
 FF What a team          
 RT   Gotta mix some play in with the work :) > Lots of it!  Wouldn't be worth it if you didn't have fun!
  Thanks for the RT!
  Great Andy!  Would love to ski with you.  What are you doing in April? :)
  We like Facebook for that too but are concerned that not all of our visitors are on FB or will use it if we send them there
 Help  design the ultimate Texas Hunting vehicle    
 Check out "A CAR STORY" Episode 9:   
 Are you a LM tweeter? Update your  account with your twitter name!! 
 Are you a Local Motors tweeter? Update your  account with your twitter name!! 
 "A CAR STORY" Episode 9:   
 OVERDRIVE!      
 Did you miss it?     
 Check out the next release of "A CAR STORY" Episode 9:   
  You guys know how to party :)
  Danica, have you checked out the  yet? 
  "..send me some good reading on "crowdsourcing content" pros/cons-successful models" >> Check out WIRED 
 WIRED: "Atoms to Bits"  The world is changing.    is right there.  Are you coming too?  (you will)
  Yaaaaa!  You're  right?
 Are you a LM tweeter? Update your  account with your twitter name!! 
 RT  Twitter Leadership Follow Friday Project (   
 Check out "A CAR STORY" Episode 9:   
  I hope to meet you soon.  Feel free to come by in Wareham, or see us and the  on tour 
 RT  Twitter usage by country 
 RT  RT  Jay Rogers talking about  and truly sustainable businesses  
  Yes, with crowdsourcing (co-creation actually) our customers are also advisers in the product development process. Works for all
  "it is the truth, you have to give them what they want, that rule has not changed in centuries." > which truth, about Facebook?
  Will do. An interesting thing about our biz model: we select a power source to fit each car's needs as well as lead the times
 RT  The  and  community designer Sangho Kim at Cars and Coffee Irvine, Feb 6 
  " just read the article in wired on the can before i posted about  > can't wait to read it!
  Thanks! Very cool!  BTW, about your link, are you happy with the results of directing people to Facebook for event info?
  Drove by a car dealership.. > What do you expect for a dealership? It's time for a whole new experience: 
 RT  RT  MUST READ: The ubiquity of competition 
  In this century, technology so powerful and accessible that knowledge & intelligence is no longer needed to be heard... J.D. Who? OMG!
  Workshops are filling up fast! Only 12 days until some of Canada's best dancers take over Halifax! > Do you have a link?
 RT   You should stop at Mozilla on the way up and give a talk on open source vehicle development!
 RT  Jay Rogers talking about Local Motors and truly sustainable businesses   
  Hey Andy, not sure how I lost you on my follow list, but you're back!  How are things in the windy City?
  Hi Chiah, I'd be glad to speak with you. You can email me at tthomas to set something up.
 Of mice and men...  
 RT  Awesome! RT  We have our YouTube Ch , have a series called "A Car Story." Stay tuned for epi. 9.
 RT   My car's name is Alejandro.  >Nice!  What kind?
  Will do, and my pleasure!
 SERIOUSLY!! 
 RT  RT   as seen through the wings of a  at Scottsdale Pavillions 
 RT  Pretty wild ride parked next to the   at Scottsdale Pavillions  > Love it!
 Wired: "The Next Industrial Revolution"  Featuring  and 
 RT  Westward! Send pic of trailer to sales w/ location-get RF print  
 RT  Filming the   in the desert with 
 Wired: "The Next Industrial Revolution: Atoms to Bits" 
  Definitely!  Hope to see you soon!  Have you seen  featured in wired this month? 
 Wired: "The Next Industrial Revolution" 
 RT   now thats a cool pooch! Trade up my friend! > Upgrading to a   Pup will love that, Jeff!
 RT  NASCAR To Relax Rules In 2010: After last fall's terrible Talladega race NASCAR has taken steps to, hopefully, imp...  ...
  My car is so flattered that Gaga wrote a song about him, hah. > what is your car?
  Opee The Dirt Dog Goes Offroad  > And my dog freaks out in the minivan! I need a trade-in
 RT   Will the cameras be rolling at the jump test? > Ho yessss!  Can't wait to see it!
 RT  Launched class w/Think Diff vid  then showed  &  in  to inspire re potential
 Slumdog? Hardly! 
 RT   good, busy!  and I didn't quite make it burgers/welding event - next time! > hope to see you there!
 RT   >> Love it!
  Hi Kamil, how have you been?
 RT  RT  RT  The   is REGISTERED please RT :) 
 RT  RT   at the AZ Biltmore last night w/Spyker C8 Aileron parked in tow. 
 RT  I can't drive 55 RT  If the  was a song, what would it be?
 RT    lady gaga bad romance u don't care if you're friends w the  u just want to use it
 RT   better get on the site and let me know what ya think!! >> embarrassed!  Sorry bud.
 RT  A truck just for Texas - design for hunters.      ^liz
 RT  RT  The   is REGISTERED please RT :) 
 RT  "...I got some cool ideas for a hunting truck" >> Can't wait to see them, Nemo!
 Check it out! A truck just for Texas - design for hunters.     
 Meet the Rally Fighter and  community designer Sangho Kim at Cars and Coffee Irvine, Feb 6  
 RT  of  tells the  story Part 3 - Building your Rally Fighter  
 RT  Westward! Send pic of trailer to sales w/ location-get RF print  
 RT  video number 9 on 1/28!  Details on the RallyFighter's future home -phoenix  
 RT  on the  mindset and asks - to build, or simply buy?  
 RT  On the 101 with  - hunting for coffee, then registering the 
 RT      Local-Motors made it in the current TopGear Issue 
 RT   just crossed the mighty Mississippi  > Awesome!!
 RT  RT  I think  & local-motors.com should design our cars. NOT APPLE: 
 RT   We had a great time. Can't wait to see how the jump test goes.
 Our apologies: Production site is down due to network outage at our web hosting provider.
 RT   Hey Tim! Great meeting you last night at  > it was great meeting you too!  Glad you could make it!
 RT   Have fun with the  crew!  Wish I could be there!  > we all missed you there Ari!
 RT   Have fun with the  crew!  Wish I could be there! > we all missed you there Ari!
 RT   wish I can be there!! I wanna weld & eat burgers!! > It was CCC, chowder cars & community! Missed you there!
 RT  Had a sectacular Burgers Cars and Welding tonight    showed off beautifully. Thanx all who came!
  hey Peter, happy new year. Looking forward to getting caught up soon! Tim
  Great to meet you at BCW!
 BCW tonight at 5:00 Who's coming?? 
 RT  RT  Bono predicts car as a new sexy object...agreed!  ... He will love LM
  I'm all for it!  You did a great job!
  Road trip!!  It would be good to see you again!
 Find an under-served market  
  Heads up - LM Car Story episode 9 will be posted around Jan. 15th  
 Vote on Alaska Motors car designs - 3 days to place your vote!  
 Come see the Rally Fighter and eat some chowdah with the crew -THIS Friday, Jan 8th  
 Daily  Featured Designer "Vlad Icobet"-so complex it doesn't respond to danger.  
  to speak at Emerging Green Builders Boston on Jan 6th - you're invited!  
 Rally Fighter or Raptor - do you know the difference in specs?   
 Matthew DeBoard chooses as number 4 in rank of top 10 cars  
 Rally Fighter or Raptor - can you tell the difference in specs?   
  will be speaking at Emerging Green Builders Boston on Jan 6th - you're invited!  
 WELCOME to  :-)
 Daily  Featured Designer "Halilbuz", Oh the wonders of solid vehicle packaging!  
 Rally Fighter is HOME in Wareham, Mass. Come see it at Burgers, Cars and Welding - Jan. 8th!  
 Alaska Motors- LAST DAY to Design a car for the  Alaska Competition!  
  Heads up - LM Car Story episode 9 will be posted around Jan. 15th  
  Crowdsourcing, sinister or fun?  I vote FUN!  > Def fun, but see how effective it is 
 RT  RT  "Local Motors: a business model of our times"  
 RT   I don't want to just see it, I want to race it...  (  ) >> count me in!
 RT   Even better, it's an R8. That's an amazing video.  >> Oops - typo!  Definitely an R8!
