 I'm at Langhorne Swim Club (Langhorne) 
   studio is available for 6 hour, and 12 hour blocks. $100/$200. Student discount is 50%
   for profit doesn't mean no money; space isn't free for anyone. User groups want cheap space?  Meet at home.
   people want free stuff all the time...why should meeting space be free ever? why you being such a sissy hippie
 Also, Doug's sister Judy really fits the time period. She reminds me of any character in any early 90s Janeane Garofallo movie.
 Watching the pilot episode of Doug on teennick.com (don't ask) while doing work, and realized Doug's Dad was a photographer.
  is he okay ? that sucks... I've been hit 3 times
  why don't you like "out of pocket" I think its a perfectly wonderful phrase
  dinner plans?
  since when is raining motorcycle weather ?
  for reals, but alas beach houses don't pay for themselves
  taken. Ha.
    send Randy in to get them
  bummer, I actually have to leave the house early on the 12th to catch a flight to Memphis
  y'all should come say hi
  do you have that house all summer btw ? I'm renting a house for a "cml photo retreat" (vacation) Aug 6- 13th in OCNJ
  as you should be down the shore, while diving, leisurely.
  really, I find leisure driving to be quite simple. That reminds me though, how did leisure diving go this weekend?
   I think you should have a doc take a look at it, and see if they think you need a shot.
   did you take twitter advice ?
  answer : twitter is not a doctor !  use webmd
    oh snap,  called it !
  races are too mainstream, I liked them before they were popular
  part of running cheaply in my mind means running without any formal race
 RT  Russell Brand on Amy Winehouse:  A really good read.
  cutoff jorts, $0 ; chuck taylors, $30 ; body glide, $7
   the place was actually really cool
 Cover shoot in Chester this morning.
  seriously, I'm impressed that you stayed above the fray. Good job. Beard looked great.
  I'm impressed with your ability to avoid fake reality tv drama. Ps. Nice one line!
  beard is damn fine
 Watching  on Spike  as Bar Rescue tries to help Downey's, where we used to drink underage
 Wooooaahhh wait Entourage started tonight ?
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Wings & More on  
  showing it at work?
  find us a pool.
  yea, I do that often. Gramps always said a man doesn't spend more than 3min in a shower. This week its just all cold water.
 It might not have a diving board,  but my cold shower is just as refreshing !
 Don't be this hit guy. Outside Pope tonight. 
 With  and  ( Dave's Sports Bar And Grille) 
 RT   giving us a look at the goods. Ow ow.  
 RT  Amy Winehouse died at the legendary rock star age of 27. Just like Morrison, Hendrix, Joplin and Cobain.
  black and brew or Oregon diner ? Now ?
  you should get that stitched. Looks deep.
 New phone... picked up the HTC Sensation.  First thought, how to remove this HTC Sense skin...
 Anyone have any experience with phones where the charger port breaks? phone is less than a year old, looks like its time to buy a new one
 yes, today at Black and Brew on the radio ?  Tag Team "Whoomp There It Is "
  what led to you deciding to get the compass?
   absolutely fwd me, I'd love to compare the Patriot / some other Jeep to my Land Rover. Is it to be an honest review?
  oh connie... how is she?
  how did you snag this opportunity by the way?
   are the rumors still out there that the Patriot and the Compass will become one model in 2012?
 Do I have any friends with pools that I haven't been keeping in touch with ? Want to catch up ?
 Really? !  It is going to storm and then REMAIN 101 ? you're doing it wrong Earth. 
  anywho, we need to agree to disagree
  if there are cracks in the street that lead to your basement, seems as good a time as any to find that out and fix it.
  tons of things in life that are nice/fun aren't safe. Rather than calling to shut it off, call the number to request a sprinkler.
  kids playing in the hydrant poses no fire safety issue to your home, its a simple conservation issue.
  that call closes the hydrant, hence me redacting the number haha
 Dont be that guy RT  Call 215- to report an open fire hydrant
  in seriousness, convincing others to go green, means showing some compassion and knowing the appropriate time to let loose.
   really dude? On a day that's 110? No way, I hope every kid on their block finds that snitch.
  we love long hair, traditional beauty is characterized by exaggerating traditional gender features
  what are you reading.... ?
  are you at least wearing short sleeves and other traditional summer apparel?
  ok........ How decorative are we talking?
  he hasn't yet, but I wouldn't rule it out
  just realized your twitter bio casually states you're a capable executioner.
  youre on friend probation
  such a good episode. Have you seen his new show? He basically plays Zach all grown up as a lawyer
  are you really wearing a scarf? I don't think we can be internet friends anymore
  ha ! no way - you know how hot it is, no way I'm going outside to work today unless someone wants to assign me a poolside shoot
  photo or video shoot?
  Where did you end up? Sounds like Kate at chop shop. I tried to cut my hair short once, she said no.
  good rule
 Picking up a growler, then watching Good Will Hunting with  and  ( Hawthornes) 
  winning, suggestion blu ray in hand
  hes like ghandi, but better. He likes puppets
  eff!
  if only bums could twitpic
  I just went six to midnight! Thanks
  chop shop on south st. see kate
 Where in Philly can I buy Dvds? Besides best buy and target. Looking for Good Will Hunting
   I heard brimils ac doesnt work, maybe tonight would be a good night for that
    I think your twitter friends would be willing to help before you made such a decision
  hmm I'll keep thinking, I enjoyed the gardening one
  how about using a beach cruiser to take a leisurely ride off the bridge
  I think the best ones involve an outfit, but I havent seen any props that elevate it beyond a beer bottle, or drink
 watch people steal honest tea, LIVE at 5th and Market,   ht / 
  oh wow... there goes my afternoon !
  I've put this on my calendar, to remind you to share your leisure dive photo.
     I just had to climb out the window of my own house. Also, why are rock band drums so heavy
    wow, I spoke too soon. UPS guy put  's delivery in front of our door such that it couldn't open.
    its early, but I'm going that's the most ridiculous thing I see all day. It can't get any worse.
 Hey, eye doctor offering Lasik groupon... Not going to the lowest bidder on that one.
 "Suits" on USA is excellent
 I ate entirely too much mexican tonight. In other news, Tres Jalapenos is delicious.
  whomever tweeted it dealt it
  poor soph, count me in for a weekend vaca as soon as your able
  aug 6 - 13th, join us in ocnj for colin m lenton photo retreat.
  jefferson is always just around the corner
 Lazy sunday 
   that's where we saw it, dinner at Maxi's beforehand is always a plus
 I want this ..    someone please make this happen for me.
  wow ! no I had not already seen that... very cool
 Any photographers out there built there own portable diffusion panel ? Thinking of putting together something, 6'x6' - maybe larger - ....
  mmmm and in the summer heat too. Yum
  nice shot, great assignment
 Laurie's going away party ( Gallagher's On The Parkway) 
  no.
 New hipster ridiculousness, someone here is wearing a jacket and scarf. And I thought the summer beanie was dumb. Wow. 
  is she paying?
 I'm at Maxi's Pizza and Subs - Temple University w/  
 I'm at Jefferson's Walk (9th and Cross, Philadelphia) 
 last minute change of plans for tonight, who wants to join me for pizza / drinks at maxi's around 6 , followed by Horrible Bosses at 7:30
 Learning to work with my hands on the motorcycle has been very satisfying. Riding on beautiful summer days like today? Even more so.
  ive been honing my cream cheese skills for way over 10,000 hours
  don't hate on Downeys, Ive always had a good time there
 I'm at Jefferson's Walk (9th and Cross, Philadelphia) 
  I might be alone on this, but I kind of appreciate the fresh take on an athletic wear ad
  i call photoshop bs on that pic
  think they'll rate you as "hot" on rate my professor ?
  unfortunately you are right.... Got it going on.
    agreed, peeps need to quit the belly aching
  8.5 years ago is just about a decade my friend... and either way 2003 is a different decade than 2011.  Lawyered.
  ok, tuesday night excuse works for me in light of your alternate shore plans
 Woah why is  playing words with friends at 10pm on her birthday?
  tweets from last decade
 Health food night . Just kidding! ( Cosmi's Deli) 
 World,  has not yet seen Good Will Hunting
  you can't be any geek off the street
  ooo, and now I think I know where I'm stopping on my way home from work tonight
  guessing it worked?
  how is that different than facebook groups?
 Jefferson is back to his sleeping in ways after a week getting up early with my parents. 
  i suppose... I dont censor myself on facebook / twitter though so if that's the only value I might not keep up with it
  ha! fb generally speaking can be a productivity killer but theres no denying the value to an individual of a large social network
  you can do groups with different privacy settings in facebook - but with all social media the front page nyt test should apply
  in college, less people (fb) was cool.. in the real world- I'm finding it tough to justify its use ? seems like a waste of energy
  looks great man
 Trying google+ today.  First impression : Why? What's the point if less people are on this than facebook and its basically the same thing?
  I'll try an exhaust shop tomorrow, if they cant fix it  - Imma need to get a new one
  which one did you end up getting? mine got run over, I was able to bend it back in to place a bit, but it didnt work.
 South Philly, 2011. Archival TwitPic 
 Jefferson is back from a few days with my parents. I think  tired him out 
  2 into 1
  this is your old ride!
 RT  If I get 400 followers by the end of the day I'll nude model at a community art college!  Let's do this guys!
  shouldn't be too bad except the connecting ends got run over
  bolt holding on exhaust stripped and rattled loose, bike runs well though
  yea, 74 cb360
  I set it like that to help it cool down
 On the left, my motorcycle. On the right, my exhaust pipe. No bueno. 
  good. Ps, chalfont?
   and me three ps. actually back in philly for a full week. Lets hang
 So nice to spend a chill summer night back home in Philly with friends. Congrats to  and  on a beautiful new place
 Heading back to Philly ( McCarran International Airport (LAS) w/ 23 others) 
  so does fourth grade Colin
  loooooove to rock out to that song.... its' so easyyy to hurt others when you can't feel pain, don't you knowwwwww
  sadly that window didn't go down
  congrats, don't forget us!
 Gratuitous self pic, cruising back in the rental caddy 
 Shoots a wrap! Gooooodbye 100 degree desert heat. Lets take this wrap party to the pool.
  well - ha I see you've been thinking too much ... get some sleep !
   thanks but is that a legal option? I make my living off my copyright and take piracy seriously
 RT  Thoughts with that Texas Ranger fan's family.
  any idea where the latest White Collar episodes are at online? I checked USA & Hulu. Would love to catch up while Im on the road
 RT   how about you get a dog and stay in our 'hood? Seger Dog park just got new benches!
 Congrats to Victorino for making the All Star Team again
 Where we are shooting tomorrow 
 Got my  , it is awesome. Tested in hotel bathroom counter. Now its stuck there. Very strong. Seriously though, can't remove it.
 RT  My daughter now officially uses the word "whatever" with me. 
  what happened?
   first. Bcc- ! second. just saw that billboard today on our ride back in from where we are going to do the shoot
  for an invoice that was already 60 days late : "well, it needs to go to London for processing" what, via carrier pigeon?
 I'm at Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar & Grill (3708 Las Vegas Blvd. S., at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, Las Vegas) 
  ha! don't hate, many of my late twenty, thirty something friends love the show.
  its a consistent fun crowd pleaser. Explosions, sexy, clever even funny at times. How can you not love a freelance spy?
  burn notice is awesome
  place is super nice, but checkin is slow and disorganized
  the cosmopolitan
 Vegas does their airport car rental shuttle the right way. One shuttle for every company.
  ugh that blows
   took me a while too, but she is totally right
 Flight is delayed. Thankfully Chickies and Pete's are at the airport.
 RT  Pew awards $1 million to Philly theaters and theater artists developing new work.   
  Makes me thirsty. Really enjoying this new blog
  welcome to your new life
 Again ( Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) w/ 42 others) 
  a sticky pod, based on a recommendation from the guys at videosmith
 Ordered a sweet camera mount rig for this weeks' Vegas shoot. Excited to cruise the strip in our rented 59 Cadillac Convertible !
  oh wow, that's a good deal. up until this month, the rest of my fam (4 of them) shared 500 minutes
  ha, my parents never got enough minutes for my tastes
  in other news you're still on your mom's plan?
 My parents have a habit about asking my advice on technology purchases. They then ignore it. And then regret it.
 I'm at A&M Pizza (626 Quentin Rd, Lebanon) 
    they are when you fly 
 Man I'm standing next to at the coffee shop just made a to do list. I snuck a peak. Item : "FUN!!!"
 I'm at Wawa 4th Of July Extravaganza On The Parkway w/    
  close, but one of our judges disagrees
   lemons would be awesome. Next
  ooo good one, but judges say other condiments don't count
   ha!
  judges say wrong, as a crab dip - delicious
 Challenge: name something that would not taste good with cream cheese. bcc/ 
 Fourth of July brunch with  and Alison Stuart ( Green Eggs Cafe w/  
  shouldn't this be the intern's holiday?
 RT  Not celebrating July 4th in Philadelphia? You're doing it wrong.
  sorry jess, I was really counting on some Ke$ha. I am disappointed but will find a way to power through it
  shaking my head
  I'm blaming this medley on you
  oh ? Do you have an inside line? Let them know my consulting services are available
  they had me at Oklahoma. Give me six months with their play list and Ill solve all their money woes
    where the hell is Gaga. I thought this would be actual pop music
 Ok.. Im out seeing the Philly "Pops" and I now know why  they're losing money. Their idea of pop music? Oklahoma
 Philly Pops with   and others ( Independence National Historic Park w/ 9 others) 
  I feel like youre a year late on this particular "the way I use twitter is superior" tweet.
 Earlier today  and I played tennis, together, against one person , Alison Stuart, and lost. Repeatedly.
 RT  Photo: Stax Records, Memphis TN. 2011. 
   I'm in
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Pep Boys on  
  I still use AIM everyday at work, and regularly have at least 120 people active on my buddy list
 RT  Giving away a dinner for 2 & tix to see Ben Folds  July 15 for a lucky follower who helps us reach 1000!  ...
  coulda told you that
 Habitat? " Where can I purchase a legit nun outfit in LA?"
  actually not sure that even answered my question... Is that the name of your comedy tour
  is this for real, or did you get high and start working on your standup? And the crowd goes apeshit...
 Ummm parents of middle school age girls, if your child is on the boardwalk in ocnj tonight, you might want to see what theyre wearing.
 I'm at Boulevard Super Liquors (501 Roosevelt Blvd, Marmora) 
 I'm at 56th St Beach (56th st, ocean, Ocean City) 
 Perfect night to speed down to the shore , all windows down , blasting mgmt. Tomorrow, Blitz's, Macks, Kohrs and sun.
  happy birthday Jude!
  beat you to it sucka!
 I'm at Memphis International Airport (MEM) (2491 Winchester Rd, Memphis) w/ 18 others 
 I just unlocked the "Ten Hundred" badge on  
 Issac Hayes' 72 caddy eldorado, complete with mini fridge and TV  
 Paid in full. Sam and Dave nightclub performance contract from 1969 
 I'm at Stax Museum of American Soul Music (926 E. McLemore Avenue, Memphis) 
  email me more details, but as of now I'm already out of state 18days in july for work
 Early morning shoot/scout in a bunch of Memphis neighborhoods today
 Happy to be working so much lately, but really missing my dog tonight.
  thanks! We are
 Pretty pumped after budget approvals for my shoot next week in Vegas. Will definitely be a portfolio piece.
 I'm at World Famous Beale Street (Beale Street, Memphis) w/ 3 others 
 RT  i never know how much pasta to make. boo.
  your power is out in philly?
 Shoot's a wrap. Images are backed up (3x). I've run 2mi, and swam a bunch of laps. Now its time to hit up Beale Street 
 RT  Biker laying on a stretcher after being hit by a car on broad. Share the road! And bikers wear a helmet!
 RT  AAA World apologizes for reporting that Lincoln gave Philly speech in 1964  
 More behind the scenes in Memphis, TN. About to begin shooting. 
  thanks looking forward to checking it out more over the next few days
  like
 Working late in Memphis with  
 I'm at API Photographers, Inc. (3111 Stonebrook Cir., Memphis) 
 I'm at Memphis International Airport (Memphis) 
 Heading down to Memphis today for a shoot all week. Which places should I be sure to hit up?
  you gotta pack on mass at the gym bro
 Best donuts in the world ( Brown's Doughnuts w/  
 I just became the mayor of Ecklund-Lenton beach Loft on  
 Ocean City, NJ ( 56th St Beach) 
 Down the shore ( Sack O' Subs) 
 Dennis's Range Rover is back in Philly. Seems like Sunny's production gets bigger each year cc/  
  HAHAHAH that's awesome
  oh that sucks !  I'm sorry to hear that. Which car?
 The newlyweds. Brooke and  
 Matt and Brooke's wedding! ( Radisson Plaza - Warwick Hotel) 
  eh that would make traffic awful. Im already not stoked on thirteenth being one lane
  i believe in this instance pizzazz is boobies
  whats wrong with washington and 22nd? I ride those all the time.. nice big wide streets no?
 RT  Pool Party at Arrow Swim Club (the photos are nothing special but the comments are hilarious) 
  I hope not, but I doubt it. Theyve e some solid contracts with other larger manufacturers, and theyre the only 'cool' green car
  I dont really see it as bad news.. they never intended to sell a ton of those roadsters. The sedan, though boring, is more practical
  not sure what took me so long
 RT  Certain Dri deoderant ads are by far the best on tv
 My new official drink : manhattan
  have both, prefer twidroyd. This issue might change that
 Hey twidroyd stop making me re authorize 5 times a day
  its from when cars didn't have signals, also on motorcycle all brakes are on right, clutch on left, so safer to lift left hand
 An  photobomb from our shoot last week in New Orleans 
  130mph might not be the safest rate of speed for Rt 322
 Didnt want to believe it. Lesson to be learned folks. Don't drink and drive. RT  Jackass star legally drunk 
  speaking of entourage, did you see an actual preview or just that short tease they have on their site?
  speaking of entourage, did you see an actual preview or just that short tease they have on their site?
  speaking of entourage, did you see an actual preview or just that short tease they have on their site?
   Good suggestion. More heroic looking portraits than car shots. Looking for caddy like boat convertible for remote cam group shot
 Was just given two shots of espresso in my mug of coffee. Look out world. ( Black & Brew) 
 True story: Today I was to be on a conference call. The phone number on the outlook invite was incorrect. It was actually a phone sex line.
 Any Vegas photographers out there? Looking for suggestions on desert location close to Vegas Strip, and places to rent classic convertibles.
 via  - Tornado Victims Thank News Organization For Its In-Depth Reporting On Storm's Carnage 
 Fun infograph on billionaire's yachts in Newsweek. My favorite? Egypt's El Horriya, 478ft and built in 1865. 
  you philly based?
  good quote. sad for friend though
 Back in the studio in Philly for a few days before heading out on the road again.
  dude that is awesome
     ? Huh
 Click for cute franklin photo / anniversary mention RT  new blog post: Phillustration 2011 
 Fathers day celebrations in Lebanon ( 366 Back Deck) 
 Thinking of Franklin today on the anniversary of his death.
  air
 Going through trivia questions at bar. What does the fda test condoms with?  's answer : ice cream .
 RT  AOL Hell: An AOL Content Slave Speaks Out « News 
  yum, jealous
 Got a full body scan at airport security today. Don't act like you're not impressed.
 Brunch before leave NOLA ( Slim Goodies Diner w/ 2 others) 
 I'm at The Spotted Cat Music Club (623 Frenchmen Street, New Orleans) 
 I'm at Young Fellaz Brass Band Street Performance (2106 Chartres St, New Orleans) 
 Dueling Tubas on the street corner in Frenchmen area. Nightlife in NOLA win 
 Any photographers in Philly have paul buff alien bee strip boxes I could use on Monday or Tuesday ? Willing to pay a fair rental fee
        long term I agree that its not ideal, but is a soda tax really better?  Lesser of two evils
   for me, bottom line, short term, schools need money and id rather see those more well off shoulder the burden
  which part? forum is limited obvi, but demo of soda drinkers trend low income, and soda lobby would surely litigate any tax
   as far as gettin extra needed revenue for the schools,from a social justice standpoint xtra money from homeowners is better
  that's really a whole other argument as to whether government should have a role in regulating health
   I think they made the right choice, a sodatax would fall heavily on the poor and would legally be hard to collect
  it must be very clean
  that car is so awesome
 Measured celebrations with  ( Creole Creamery) 
  ooo not good for me re: 
     woah, so you paid a cab fare to avoid an atm fee.... Uhh am I missing something?
 cute drunk pup has me missing jefferson 
   of course
  who did you use?
  I see what you did there
  maybe instead of meeting prince charming on the plane, he'll be the man patting you down and usin xray vision to see your goods
 Cell phone snap of the back of my camera, pic of  on set down in new orleans 
 I just became the mayor of New Orleans Science and Math Academy on  
 I'm at Bourbon Street 
  did you die earlier today and find yourself in hell?
 I'm at CC's Community Coffee House (900 Jefferson Ave, at Magazine St, New Orleans) 
 A "Life Update" from my sister's blog 
  ok ok, its the same
  its funny because its racist
  not sure, but you can plead your case to the people that make these decisions
  I suppose that depends on which airline he flys, but most likely, yes. Although, the new "hot girl job" is pharmaceutical sales
  sweeeeet, that's my move
 RT  does anyone know of a great dog neurologist on the east coast? recommendations are appreciated. please retweet. I'm d ...
   I could use a little less travel than I've been doing in the past month or so, but I'm happy to have work !
  100??? holy crap, for the paper?
  loooovvee hotel bars... always a good time. ESPECIALLY airport hotels
   this is why you should fly 
 I'm at Winn Dixie (5400 Tchoupitoulas St, New Orleans) 
  same feeling you'll have when you get matching dual monitors
 I'm at Louis Armstrong International Airport (MSY) (900 Airline Dr., Kenner) w/ 8 others 
  small price to pay for Southwest's superior customer service
  anything is great, its weird how much better they make you feel. Cardstock is always a classy choice.
 Snagged an exit row! Its the simple things...
  ... They've never seemed hollow when I've needed them.
  fun. Where are you staying while youre there?
  oh.. Cali? (Cali) niice
  just a lil bit backwards. Where are you headed ?
 Off to New Orleans for a shoot with  all week
 Woah, when did  show up on here!
 I'm at Jigger Shop w/  
 That catch by Utley was awesome
 I'm tanner than Amanda 
 I'm at Citizens Bank Park w/   
 I'm at Jetro Back Lot w/    
  bajajajaja
  I havent, but I just googled it. why?
 Ugh, seriously Phillies?
 
 Late night ice cream run ( Philly Flavors - Wash West) 
 Buying tools, hopefully I get less awkward at this in the future
 RT  Megawords is screening movies tonight in Kensington - its free! 
 great quote in DN about USA shows "If you missed it last year, don't worry about jumping in: It's summer on USA and the water's fine. "
 RT  Dollar dogs! Delicious! W    and 
   I've seen people lock scooters up to fence along third base gate
 I'm at Citizens Bank Park w/    
  in our normal seats 416
 A   sighting at citizens bank park
  agreed.
 RT  IRS claims documentary film making a "hobby" so expenses not be deductible 
 I'm at TD Bank Philadelphia International Championship (Kelly Dr, Philadelphia) 
 NYTimes: Where Prisoners Can Do Anything, Except Leave NYTimes: Where Prisoners Can Do Anything, Except Leave
  badass.
 Believe it or not this guy found a very nice woman to marry him  cc// 
 And  's bachelor party begins! ( Sheraton Philadelphia City Center Hotel) 
 You ladies dig scars right? 
  I love me some hour long shows on usa and tnt
  $5 says you're wrong
 I give TNT's Franklin and Bash 2 thumbs up
 Taking a break while uploading to watch the Phils ( Philadelphia Productions) 
   there is just too much money in it
  check with  I think she just got her stuff scanned
  I saw that guy too! Ps drinks at wishing well . Now.
  I'd hoped and prayed for as much
  you're on FIRE today with the reading material
 My sis was invited back to her elementary school to talk about her children's book, here's the blog proof 
 RT  Temple bracing for a 25-percent cut in state aid   
   ha, that would be the least productive day ever. That said, I'm all for it
  mine goes from "off" to 9am but still disappointing
 I'm at Dave's Sports Bar And Grille (321 Emily Street, Snyder and Moyamensing, Philadelphia) 
 Monster burgers by  . Stuffed with onion and pepperjack 
       possibly maybe
  received at  745am
  eff really! Thanks was just heading there
  or at 8am on a holiday?
 RT  I dont officially count the start of summer til  cuts his pants into shorts while still wearing them on set
  real kind, somewhere near strawberry mansion
     free dance party fairmount park
 Early morning prep for today's shoot. ( Colin M. Lenton Photography) 
 I'm at Langhorne Swim Club (Langhorne) 
   studio is available for 6 hour, and 12 hour blocks. $100/$200. Student discount is 50%
   for profit doesn't mean no money; space isn't free for anyone. User groups want cheap space?  Meet at home.
   people want free stuff all the time...why should meeting space be free ever? why you being such a sissy hippie
 Also, Doug's sister Judy really fits the time period. She reminds me of any character in any early 90s Janeane Garofallo movie.
 Watching the pilot episode of Doug on teennick.com (don't ask) while doing work, and realized Doug's Dad was a photographer.
  is he okay ? that sucks... I've been hit 3 times
  why don't you like "out of pocket" I think its a perfectly wonderful phrase
  dinner plans?
  since when is raining motorcycle weather ?
  for reals, but alas beach houses don't pay for themselves
  taken. Ha.
    send Randy in to get them
  bummer, I actually have to leave the house early on the 12th to catch a flight to Memphis
  y'all should come say hi
  do you have that house all summer btw ? I'm renting a house for a "cml photo retreat" (vacation) Aug 6- 13th in OCNJ
  as you should be down the shore, while diving, leisurely.
  really, I find leisure driving to be quite simple. That reminds me though, how did leisure diving go this weekend?
   I think you should have a doc take a look at it, and see if they think you need a shot.
