 What offends me most about  x-ray: the order to put my hands over my head, as if I am armed and dangerous.
 what does  mean by "the development of capital markets"? 
 RT  Making  History: How to End the Epidemic:   >...run the Taylor video 
  first I'd say I don't have a "position" to argue. I have questions about obligations, public obligations, their limits.
   oh my. I take my dog for a walk and all this happens. I need to catch up.
  I thought it was "works well with others," not "plays".
  29? mine didn't.
  again, "have to." I agree, and I would pursue the obligation argument, even to the dismay of 
  that Lloyd Blankfein. He's so...with it.
  I see, this argument with  has a history. I am a latecomer; my questions may cover ground you've already covered
  it's interesting because "have to do something" suggests an obligation. 
  so you think punishment/imprisonment is futile, but what about  "have to do something"?
   Oh I thought "enough" might refer not to the punished but back to the punishers: enough for us...
   what does "enough" mean in this context?
 "Chilling": Bruce Bawer finds himself quoted by Breivik, even admires his English prose.  >so ideas matter?
 "experts argue overly aggressive political rhetoric and scare tactics have inflamed passions"  > what "expert" insight.
 "El Marsem"  Khaled () 
 So what counts as "business casual" in Dallas, in 103 degree heat?
 . attending   shareholder meeting to ask about net/mobile shutdown in   
 RT  Final Webinar for the week in 25 minutes (Phew)  "The Weekly Forex Wrap" To REGISTER:   C U there
 Adobe says Lion is buggy; is a subtext here the war for the pro editor's desktop after the (tragic) release of FCPX? 
 RT  'Mugabe and the White African' Chronicles Brutal Land Reforms  > definitely worth seeing
 RT  Shareholder Democracy: Good, Bad or Unimportant? (pdf)  
  have you been asked to comment on the Medicis case?
  what the heck is this? 
 RT  "So What If Corporations Aren't People?" 
 Limbaugh says the heat index is a gov't conspiracy. 
 RT  RT  Life of the Writer: "every fresh start... an outrageous gamble against impossible odds." 
 RT  BlueNC | Thom Tillis tells the Truth:  Sack of rocks edition:  
 RT  Google Shuttering Google Labs  > boo
 RT  Writing Like It's 1999  and the original post 
 RT  Wanda Landowska- J. S. Bach,  Prelude and Fugue No. 1 in C, BWV 846 - WTC, Book I‏ - 
 RT  Is flogging a better option than prison? 
 RT  "Woman Pays $10,000 For 'Non-Visible' Work Of Art"  
 RT  Why so much anger at my advice that 3rd/4th tier law schools aren't worth the $? 
 why is Tweetie having authentication problems
 RT  Ricard Dalio's strangest hedge fund: an inside look at a very rich man with intellectual pretensions 
  wow, you too?
 RT  RT  125+ orgs have signed the letter to save the charitable deduction  & 
  so much for that insult.
 RT  Coal mining waste spill pollutes Alabama creek that feeds North River, Tuscaloosa's drinking water  
 RT  Bachmann Reportedly Suffers From Stress-Induced "Episodes"   > who doesn't?
 I wonder what flavor pie  made for Rupert Murdoch?
 RT  It is a far better thing that I do now than I have ever done before 
 RT   Murdoch pounds his hand on table in response to  questions, insists he runs a big company >that always works.
 RT  As Borders bites the dust, let's support the bookstores on the edge  via 
 New Documents Cast Doubt on Federal Anthrax Case  via 
 RT  none of this is true. MT  writing should be fun,  never feel like work or stress you, should free you
 listening to the muzak that plays before a conference call...somebody revolutionize this please.
 just ran across this while looking into something else: average CEO pay in 1976 was $437,000.
 RT  Why do people believe stuff even after it's been proven false? Interesting...
 RT  Today the GRAMMY Museum, on Woody Guthrie's 99th birthday, launched this: .
 Eric Bolling says he can't recall "any attacks on American soil" from 2000-2008 and nobody challenges his comment. 
 RT  He's missed. RT  Happy Birthday Woody Guthrie. 99 today. ( he misses us too!
 Happy Birthday Woody Guthrie. 99 today. (
  too bad you didn't have  to write a spirited defense of your thesis.
  I understand you now.
  differences to produce differences rather than the similarities we should see?
 RT  RT  The reason for the Flying Eagles' loss to the Black Meteors of Ghana has been revealed. Juju.
  sorry, but...eh?
  "despite the discomfort posed by state intervention"...did they really write that?
  it sounds like the 70s
 RT  ... + 1, just got my first google+ spam mail... '歡迎!', it says...> wow, an entirely new way to communicate & share
 Google is blocking Google Profiles (required for Google+) for Google Apps users. Huh?  >
 RT  RT  Swedish PEN launches The Dissident Blog, featuring censored writers 
 RT  Republican Party Evolving into More of a Movement Rather Than a Governing Party -- 
  rebroadcast of The Confessions tonight 
  apparently the Senate's top Republican no longer believes in trial by jury.
 RT  Bradley Manning monitoring 'violates U.N. rules,' says UN official  
 RT  Google or Facebook? What would you do if your litmus test is human rights?   
 RT  Julian Assange extradition appeal hearing – live coverage 
 RT  McConnell drafts Casey Anthony into the War on Terror  > what a hero.
 RT  Italy has 4th highest absolute debt worldwide = 1.8 TRILLION Euros   
  "This isn’t to say that LinkedIn hasn’t been a huge success." But is it to say it has been?
 RT  Bachmann signs pledge suggesting African-American children were better off under slavery than they are now 
 RT  UN accused of standing by while Sudanese forces killed civilians. 
 RT  No,  still doesn't like Nancy Grace one bit  >really? What gives you that impression?
 Anita O'Day Sweet Georgia Brown 1957 
 RT  John Lanchester in LRB: Greece has defaulted. Is there any hope for the euro? 
 great first day of color correct at Nutmeg Post and wishing  could have been there. We got through 2 reels. More tomorrow.
 RT  "The Ideological Crisis of Western Capitalism" by Joseph Stiglitz  
 RT  The Ayoreo case will test UN   Does it have teeth?  
 RT  WSJ: Following Jiang Death Rumors, China’s Rivers Go Missing 
 RT  Wal-Mart and the gap in corporate policy:   > well done  
 What kind of mushy nonsense is this? "Jiang will still be remembered as a man who knew how to make a graceful exit."  
 RT  I'm helping pick questions for this:  Tweet Qs for the President on jobs & economy with  tag
 on a Trailways bus, heading south, Phoenicia to NYC. 
 Scientists Discover Large Deposit of Rare Minerals Used in iPads   
 RT  RT  On his tombstone, Jefferson listed his accomplishments – omitting fact that he was ever President.
  or "study" of anything, for that matter. (Even the word seems out of place.)
 Fox News Political Twitter Account Appears Hacked - reports assassination of Obama in Iowa...  (via 
  I'd like something more colloquial.
  I'm assuming the "spectacle" (if we must use the word) casts people in these roles, as philosophers, as dictators, etc.
  but the philosopher wishes the dictator a speedy recovery, so really, all's well. Where is Xenophon when you need him?
 RT  Is it better to abolish corporate personhood or to make them subject to capital punishment?
  as if Chomsky's opinion of / affection for Chavez matters in terms of policy or practice
  are you referring to the bit about Chavez in the Guardian?
 RT  Executive Pay: even better than we thought for American CEOs 
 RT  Early Cypriot 2500-2076 BC tweeting pics of pottery ... ignore unless yr thing is pots 
  "I’m glad that you are a person who wonders about things and that you ask questions about what you’re wondering."
 RT  Our beliefs aren’t to be found in our private thoughts, but in our daily practices.  >reading.
 RT  Now accepting submissions for the Art Monastery Short Film Festival! deadline: September 9, 2011... 
 RT  Adobe Offers 50 Percent Discount For Final Cut Pro Users Who Switch To Premiere Pro. 
   stringe! stringe! 
 just doing some catching up and reading the reactions of professional editors to David Pogue's 6/23 column on FCPX 
   chi troppo abbraccia nulla stringe
 RT  RT  Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to edit Wikipedia versions of it.
 How long before some irreverent entrepreneur launches a line of men's business clothing called DSKNY? 
  "micronious"? nice.
 RT  steal this: IDEO's business model visualization tool  great format, great post with original insights too
 RT  Air conditioning for U.S. troops in Iraq and Afghanistan costs more than the annual budget for NASA  
 The Absurdity of the National Security State  via  > wherein Congressional baboons strut their stuff.
 Rick Prelinger "Taking History Back from the 'Storytellers'"       
  perhaps Bono could make a more meaningful contribute to "development" if he paid his Irish taxes.
 Bono and U2 called out for dodging taxes; security goons silence the Art Uncut protest.  via 
 RT  The FBI has approved a new manual which expands the powers which agents can utilize in the field. 
 RT  RT  Apparently, McCain believes Mexicans forced Obama to draw down troops.  > the Park Service told him so.
 RT  Apple removes "Third Intifada" app  > and establishes a troubling precedent
 RT  :::: uʍop ǝpısp∩ / ʇ∩o ǝpısuı ::::
 The Leonard Lopate Show:  interviewed about Detainees at Bagram prison 
 Primitive Peoples of Matto Grosso 1941  via 
 RT  Wal-Mart’s Authoritarian Culture - 
 RT  Volunteer To Run An HIV/AIDS Awareness Campaign In Tanzania    
 'Shocking' state of seas threatens mass extinction, say marine experts  via 
 RT  Twilight on the longest day of the year. NYC skyline.  >>nice
 RT  Critical take on latest UN efforts to impose  on business  
  I'm listening to one of my favorites - Minghus Ah Um.
  I feel as if I am in good company 
  I should have tagged my RT of your Louis Armstrong post 
 RT  louis armstrong was so radical i want to cry. 
 RT  They say the vote in Greece is good news for US stocks. I think watching Greek voting for good news is bad news.
  alert the Kennedy School
 RT  RT  Pics by a real Nazi photographer, or fake? Help the NYT figure it out. 
 RT  Can the UN Make Business Respect Human Rights? 
 RT   click the 1st (non-parantheses, non-italicised) link in wikipedia you always end up at 
 RT  Companies push for tax break on foreign cash  via 
 RT   CEO Kevin Frost will be on  today at 1:30 talking about  /  cure
 "Les camions blancs de la mort" the case against Montreal-based Anvil Mining in the Kilwa massacre 
 thanks   for RTing "Can the UN Make Business Respect Human Rights"?     
 RT  TPM HIRING: Tech Reporter for TPMIdeaLab section of site.  Details on applying here >>  via 
 the latest attempt to establish UN authority in  without offending the powerful  from 
 RT  Quick Video Lowdown on Bipartisan Effort to Reign in Obama’s Violation of War Powers -- 
  in the mid 90s I interviewed a guy who said he was going to have programmers working on US projects in India. I laughed.
 Can the UN Make Business Respect Human Rights?  from 
 Feeding the hungry in a public park in Orlando will get you arrested.  (via 
 Jargon traps Pentagon source in mixed metaphor: "It seems to be washing out at this point, but it is still being drilled down on."
 RT  Political Animal: Pawlenty's tax plan makes Bush's look meek    > wow.
 RT  Official  press release re  Council endorsement of  Principles  (pdf) 
 RT  Guantanamo captives ‘weaponize’ bodily fluids--or, go crazy & get desperate after a decade w/out trial  
 RT  The Fort Calhoun, Nebraska, Nuclear power plant is going down fast 
 last hours of jailed Iranian writer/activist Hova Saber's life: "blanks and gaps in every passing."   (via 
 RT  Call for Papers: Lesbian Subjectivity in the Arab World  > Special contributor: Tom McMaster
 RT  Jason Calacanis: "Blogging Is Dead"  > another technocrat call for "experts"
  enjoy the conference.
 RT  CEO Compensation Rose Sharply in 2010  
  if they're admitting 6, it's probably more like 60.
 Thousands of 'indignados' block access to Parliament of Catalonia  
 somehow my exchange with  about Kingswell prompted a spambot called  to send me a link I won't click.
 So far (chapter 2) I fear Badiou's St. Paul may be a literary failure, despite its philosophical achievements and its moments of lucidity.
 RT  RT  Rick Perry: Economic Crisis God’s Plan To Return Us To Biblical Principles   
 RT   RT  Obama: 'I would resign' in Weiner's situation  > what Presidential gravitas.
 RT  Etiquette 101 for Summer Associates (and Partners)  
 missing $6.6 billion of the $12B cash Bush administration flew to Iraq could run LA schools for a year 
  Yes, you might appreciate the Kingswell piece. I don't understand why Harpers prints & mails an issue before putting it online.
  Kingwell's intro to the forthcoming Wage Slave's Dictionary addresses the point. Excerpt in 7/11 Harper's; will post when online.
  This was a triage operation. The plant survived, the branch that broke didn't. Finding: candlewax and string won't do it.
 RT  NYT's 2 top stories this morning capture the essence of the Obama administration: 
 RT  The  Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via  
 "Rumble In The Jungle" Max Roach () 
 RT  US defense sales to  rose before the crackdown 
  but he exposed "new forms of liberal orientalism"! or ...uh.. something.
 RT  On June 6, 2011, Fort Calhoun pressurized water nuclear reactor in Nebraska entered emergency status ! 
 McMaster's confession is dated July 12, 2011. No wonder occidental liberals are so confused about the orient: they're a month ahead. 
  it didn't work. :(
  I snapped a branch of a new rose while planting. Made a graft of candlewax & tied gently w/twine. What are its chances?
 here's  posted earlier but w/o hashtag: "10 min video that could make a world of difference"  
 RT  How Many Lives Did Romney Destroy To Become So Rich?  > plus have a look at Warner Bros link there.
 Happy Birthday, Bartolomeo Vanzetti.  
   "get" has been so misused that it's lost its real force: e.g., "Getting and spending, we lay waste our powers"...
  she thinks consistency will produce justice, which of course it won't. Consistency isn't fairness and fairness isn't justice.
  it's more interesting to think about the way inconsistency drives and figures into politics.
  I can't really imagine a world in which states act consistently.
  to which one might reply: why expect consistency?
 RT  Il laberinto del Signor Andrea Ghisi (1607)-   17th century mind reading trick via 
 Obama's bad ideas about the purpose of education (to feed the labor "pipeline")   > so much for an enlightened citizenry
 Obama: "match up schools and businesses," to "create pipelines right from the classroom to the office or the factory floor”> work camp
 RT  RT  interactive map: find and translate over 10,000 newspapers from around the world 
 One in four US hackers 'is an FBI informer'  via 
 Plastic bag manufacturers sue maker of reusable shopping bags   via 
 RT  Excellent piece from  about an important bloggers conference in South Africa: 
  Hey, it's raining now. Worrying about tomorrow's rain will only cause undue anxiety.
  the music might mix well with thunder
  there is no owner's manual. It's trial and error. Lots of error.
 RT  WikiLeaks cables show:  US helped corporations fight against a minimum wage increase in Haiti:  
 The Les Paul birthday google guitar is nicely done.
 Lehigh Valley "social media specialist" fired for tweeting about bosses' "summer hours" (=golfing on the job) 
 how much of this google apps "infrastructure transition" is just about marketing? or (better) what part isn't?
  if academia is confused with philosophy, then philosophy ought to go into hiding or change its appearance 
 I agree. The notion that affiliation with an institution makes someone a philosopher is misguided, absurd.  
  ok sorry I came late into the exchange with 
  what's "it" in that sentence?
 RT  Palin Gang caught trying to  hack Paul Revere entry on wikipedia 
  your tweet about Home Depot got me thinking... 
 On the Heroics at Home Depot   (via      
 RT  The Terrible Truths About San Francisco 
 RT  Um, yeah:   shd hv  safeguards b4 entering China    (via 
 RT  Reading: Home Depot to American Family Ass. - Take A hike, we support gay causes 
 I was looking at my dog this morning and wondering if  would consider him a "political animal".  
 Putting the Sun to Work for Minnesota Short Film Contest  (via 
 RT  Blog: outsource to detroit: it’s like brazil 
 RT  World's largest grain traders accused of tax evasion  via 
 wow, the arrogance. Vodafone assigns itself a role in the Egyptian revolution.  (via 
  no I think "aspect" is a very interesting word, given its etymology and meanings and given  re: "the spectacle"
 from what  has said I would have assumed the latter -- and "aspects" is an interesting word in this context. 
 RT  Bluetooth touting itself as the cancer-free wireless tech. Like an ashtray saying it is the cancer-free smoking accessory?
 Palin, Trump criticized for not eating NY pizza with their hands. What's worse is they ate at Famiglia Pizzeria in Times Square. 
  so for you "everything"... has only just recently become... "political." It's a historical statement for you.
 don't misunderstand: vids are great; I was talking about the ux/page layout, could integrate the video.   
  I may ultimately agree with you; it's the cavalier formulation ("everything is ____") that worries me.
  you don't want to exempt your statements on this point, or your "logic," from "the political," right?
  I just saw this ("a touch of logic"). I am reading.
  the lack of nuance worries me and the ease with which the phrase "everything is political" is thrown around annoys me
  and apologies for the delay, the day got away from me.
  Not trying to "restrict". But to talk about political "possibility" is a far cry from declaring "everything is political."
  I'm simply looking for a more balanced statement.
  my objection is to the form of the statement: "everything is..." a catechism, so absolute that it stops further thinking.
 RT   ... everything is political...> meh. That renders "political" utterly meaningless.
 thanks for the link  ...somebody needs a course in information design.
  no, not good. It can't find the OS. but it could just be that you are pressing the mouse button during startup.
 RT  RT  Satellite Images Of Spanish Ghost Towns [after the housing crash] | 
 you expect political decisions to be responsible or informed decisions? 
 checking out 
 RT  RT  USA govt fears  & cyberspace way more than terrorism I think.
 Pawlenty: "I want to be president because America is in big trouble." That's his reason?   (via 
 RT   CEO Kevin Frost in  piece on  cure: 'closer than people think' with right $ investment: 
 RT  The Ultimate Utility of Nonutility 
 RT  RT  What will happen when  ends?  explains with gorilla metaphors. 
 RT  Lockheed, PBS Join Roster of Hacking Victims - "Almost Anyone Is A Target" WSJ.com 
 RT  RT  MIT Startup Matches TV With Social Conversation -   >>seems downright sinister
 RT  The verb ‘to kiss’ in many languages is formed by onomatopoeia... 
 RT  "Non-interchangeability alone could arrest the incorporation of mind into the ranks of employment" - Theodor Adorno
 thanks for   
 RT  AFL-CIO: Register Now for the Great Labor Arts Exchange 
 RT  CEO Lying about Chrysler Bailout Repayment --     -- 
 tweets on our LGBT film        
 RT  Judge scraps federal ban on corporate money for candidates, citing Citizens United   
 still sifting through the coverage of Wednesday's filmsfornonprofits.org  event    tweets, too. 
 RT  Responses to the AUMF suggestion from  on   
 RT  A 10-minute video that could make a world of difference 
 New York 1 called our  film "a new ten minute video that could make a world of difference"    
 A film that puts the care back in     
 RT  Project of the Day: Scott Peterman's MIDI-enabled glove turns your hand into a marching band. 
  don't tell me you actually want to get picked?
 RT  Innovation Killers – The Status Quo Police  > reading.
  yet another reason to close the FB account.
 looking for data / metrics about how media plays into non-profit fundraising
 . the NY Times has "embraced new media with creative, prizewinning gusto"?
 HBO and NALIP looking for "the next great Latino documentary film" 10K grant award. 
 RT  BlueNC | Speaking tea bag:  
 RT  RT  The Ballmer Days Are Over — The Brooks Review  via  > devastating.
 at SFO, waiting for my redeye...
  we saw the shooting star too -- over SF. Bright green. Was your fire raindrop green?
 Did anyone else see a shooting star over SF around 9.30PM? Green streak of light. 
 RT  Ready For Another Goldman Sachs Wrist Slap? 
 RT  Goldman Sachs expects US subpoenas over mortgage-related business:  via 
 RT    response to my defense of NYT editorial against endless war  >so... he's for endless war?
 RT  Amazon dit vendre plus d'e-books que de livres en papier 
 RT  Elizabeth Taylor remembered last night during  Cannes gala:  >> certainly hope you showed the film!
 Disappointed that  blog is shutting down. Hope  will continue on Twitter.
 RT  Seriously? Tennessee Legislature Making It Illegal To Mention To Kids Gay People Exist via  
 RT  So there's a drink called "The Rapture" 
  thanks for posting that I will check it out.
 RT   to nominate former  official Daniel M.  Jr. as SEC commissioner  
  you've got mine for sure.
  on the fierce reactions to your interview with Jamie Dimon, and what you should ask him next 
 RT  Gas drillers are using a powerful legal tool to force reluctant landowners to cooperate  
 Mortgages and mercy: JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon asked if he believes in a merciful God.  
 new post: God and Mr. Dimon    
 RT  Louisiana flood zone residents face toxic spill threat; are industry, regulators prepared?   
 RT  Every blessing, when ignored, becomes a curse 
 for  on our exchange re: Arnold RT  I take on Bernard-Henri Levy's defense of   
 At JP Morgan Chase shareholders' meeting, CEO Jamie Dimon asked if he believes in a merciful God  (He dodges it).
 RT  Eric Schmidt: "you are our hero. I  couldn't have done what you did. I can't imagine it."  replies: "me neither."
  I see your point but by that logic you can justify the Clinton impeachment. Tabloid politics is also an abuse of public trust.
 RT  Poverty: is there an app for that? 
 RT  Coming from Silicon Valley, I'm surprised to hear  say "venturepreneurship" is a popular term  > cringe.
  the public trust? how so? why is marital fidelity a "public" matter? seems to empty the word "public" of meaning.
  in a way this is a story people have been telling about the IMF all along.
 thanks for RTs  RT  From Zero to 32.73 at Bank of America  from 
 Jack Lang thinks the bail denial in the DSK case is about Francophobia? Really?  via 
 RT   has just been awarded the Green Warsaw Award at the Planete Doc Film Festival in Warsaw! 
 RT  Michael Mukasey desperately trying to defend himself against future prosecution by still defending waterboarding at 
  or maybe political leaders need to encourage people to drive less? and lead on infrastructure? (I know, crazy.)
 RT  Dominique Strauss-Kahn: Was it a stitch-up? - Telegraph  via 
  are any of them on the Nobel committee?
 my guess? the bet is that pervasive computing will become increasingly mobile.  
 Will BofA's board show leadership on lobbying disclosures, or hide out for another year?  from  
  but...?
 To keep politics out of business, Dems oppose any measure to keep business out of politics.  from 
 From Zero to 32.73 at Bank of America     
 IMF officials have diplomatic immunity "with respect to acts performed by them in their official capacity." There's a bad joke in there.
  that the success of IMF talks could hinge on DSK presence or absence strikes me as a sign of organizational dysfunction
  nothing sadder than a sentence without a home.
  odd, they aren't shouting anti-NATO slogans. More American exceptionalism.
  RT  Check out  a new investigative reporting project serving western NC. 
 RT  Accidental Killing of 12-year-old Afghan Girl Highlights Major Challenge for US forces 
 RT  Indiana Supreme Court overturns a common law dating back to the English Magna Carta of 1215 
 RT  How A TimeWarner Power Play In North Carolina Threatens The Core Of American Democracy  
  thanks for tweeting my "Social Investment at the Threshold" post 
 RT  Investors of the world, unite! 2011 Proxy Season: Social Investment at the Threshold  via 
 RT  Those quaint and obsolete Nuremberg principles:  
 the real scoop on the Bin Laden raid  reports Bush was eating soufflé when Obama called him with the news. 
  safe travels.
 After approving the NBC-Comcast merger, FCC Commissioner Meredith Attwell Baker takes a new job... at Comcast. 
 RT  ConocoPhillips CEO Refuses To Apologize For Saying It Is ‘Un-American’ To End Oil Subsidies  )
  it's a great post. You're not making any friends in Redmond.
 It was a typo for "inbred">RT  Huntsman Corp.’s New Director: On What Planet Is This “Independent?”  
 RT  Why did Microsoft buy Skype?> I'm with  ...it's a desperate strategy that will fail. 
 RT   defends his book against an irate Hell’s Angels biker (1967)  >oddly... staged
 RT  Today I am announcing my candidacy for President of the United States. >>Finally: a leader for the 20th century.
 WSJ: Microsft plans to purchase Skype with cash held overseas and avoid repatriation taxes. Most of Microsoft's 50 BN cash is held overseas.
 so where is the resistance to the "mandatory" chip in new mobile phones allowing gov't to declare "emergencies"?
  1000 words/day is a great pace. keep the faith.
 U.S. prisons in Afghanistan undermining our mission.   new report by  & Human Rights First 
 RT  Open bar on a Rooftop in Midtown Manhattan & cover goes to     
  so far Kristeva looks impatient with the whole thing.
 . sentences beginning "Noam Chomsky wants" usually lead to things that are not likely to happen.
 RT  Microsoft buying Skype for 8.5 billion?    > time to uninstall
 "CEOs are best without a speech." RT  Reflections on the Responsible Business Summit 2011 
 I would like  to use the word "refocillation" on the air. Just drop it into an interview. 
 RT  Hillary Clinton Photoshopped Out of Situation Room Photo in Jewish Orthodox Newspaper 
 RT  25 Abandoned Yugoslavia Monuments that look like they're from the Future  via 
 RT  RT  . is now live-blogging  annual meeting with shareholders: 
 thanks for RTs!          
 thanks for RTs!         
 the 2011 scorecard is great     
 RT  Why does the media root so hard for the mythical creature known as 'closure' - seems like the lamest question ever.
 RT  Shareholder activism starts making a difference   
 shareholder proposals focusing on disclosure of political spending up 84 percent in 2011   
 2011 Proxy Season: Social Investment at the Threshold   
 RT  RT  Lots of non-US perspective of Bin Laden killing from Global Voices: 
 excel. ugh. just ugh.
 He just helped me make bucatini all'amatriciana. RT  I keep typing "Leon Pancetta" instead of "Panetta."  
 investors care about  but are companies prepared to acknowledge, respect, and respond to their concerns in a real way? 
 RT  There's some kind of US documentary program on TV at Beirut airport about Jack Bauer. I think he's the guy who got Bin Laden.
 according to E & Y more than 1/4 of shareholder proposals around social and environmental issues last year received 30% support. 
  the answer is yes, you do.
  is the SM strategy primarily to mitigate and assuage concerns or to get real bearings and authenticate practice? 
 RT  Corporate boards earn a "D" for diversity, Fortune   
  thanks for posting that. It really is beautiful.
 RT  RT  Beautiful - Nafusa revolutionaries singing around campfire while guarding liberated areas 
 E & Y estimates that half of all shareholder resolutions in 2011 will focus on social and environmental issues.  
  oops, nevermind, found it
  would you happen to have a link to the E & Y report handy?
 David Rovics' new song: "Osama Bin Laden is Dead" 
 RT  RT  Apparently the quote attributed to MLK doing the rounds is fake.  > Prov. 24:17 instead.
 RT  USAID in Afghanistan moves on from wasteful projects to wasteful and murderous projects 
 Why in today's WSJ is Fouad Ajami writing about "American power in the Islamic world" in the past tense?
 RT  Made with Staples. 
 RT  Dead Again? Osama bin Laden's Second Death, by Paul Craig Roberts.....  
  I was a killjoy today too. 
 RT  slideshow- Situation Room as operation unfolded 
 RT  An official White House photo taken yesterday, in the Situation Room: 
 Bianca's got the whole MLK quote: RT  "I mourn the loss of thousands of precious lives..." 
 RT  "I mourn the loss of thousands of precious lives, but I will not rejoice in the death of one, not even an enemy." -MLK
 RT  Osama who? “Most Chinese unmoved by bin Laden's death,” by  
  I'm glad you're fighting the good fight.
  thanks for RTing my FDL post.
 RT  RT  The man who live blogged Osama bin Laden's death without knowing  via 
  I guess I am in that minority too. 
  well thank you kindly for that RT.
 Ding Dong the Witch is Dead ... where the 10 year pursuit of Bin Laden has taken us... 
 ding dong the witch is dead.
 RT  Facing South's 5-part investigative series on health in the Gulf after the  oil disaster  
 reassuring that despite the "twitter frenzy" over the royal wedding, folks in my stream kept on other things that matter more.
 RT  These Guantánamo files undo the al-Qaida myth machine  
 Forget the Royal Wedding: RT  See the official invitation for the R-Oil Wedding between the GOP and Big Oil: 
 Jet Blue doesn't have on-board wifi yet?
 boy do I ever resent having to pay this NYC commuter tax - levied only against the self-employed.
 RT  Tell DA Tracy McCormick: +1-703-299-3700 How You Feel About Grand Jury Investigation of WikiLeaks 
 Miss USA undergoes a TSA patdown   
 RT  RT  "hegemony as a conspiracy strategy against theory" > and theory a conspiracy against experience.
 RT  RT  Now time for Donald Trump to press ahead with his next issue: how did this black man get into Harvard anyway?
 RT  Bids for MySpace begin this week:  > I bid two budweiser bottlecaps and an old shoelace.
 RT  RT  Crovitz: "It's the political motivation of Mr. Assange that qualifies him to be prosecuted." 
  30 hours!??? (great photo by the way)
  maybe it was Gary Oldman.
 RT  Wikileaks: Testimony from just 8 Gitmo detainees used against 255 others   Whoops, lots was unreliable
  add some strawberries and I'm in.
 RT  BlueNC | Daydreaming of Dixie: One out of every three Republicans still wish the South had won the War:  
 RT  RT  We're  Come work for the  team  
 RT   Barbour could not in good conscience leave behind the unfinished business of catching those no-good Duke boys.
 RT  Breaking: Haley Barbour won't run in 2012:  > well gosh.
 "Changes" - Seu Jorge () 
 "Pot-Pourri: Injuria * Recado * O Sol Nascera * Jurar Com Lagrimas"  Elton Medeiros & Paulinho Da Viola () 
  how long is your wait
 50K? nicely done  !!  I wish filmsfornonprofits.org could make a film for each and every one of those 
  it's all about hearts and minds.
 RT  Kenneth Turan in the LA Times on NOSTALGIA FOR THE LIGHT, opening in LA today!  
 399 years later. John Donne, Good Friday, 1613. Riding Westward  
