 Torrisi was hands down the best meal I ate last time I was in NYC, and now  has told everyone. Dammit! 
 dear copywriters: "join the semantic revolution" is not a compelling call to action
 Interesting idea from  "Appback Machine," The Wayback Machine for Apps 
  your  have me *really* hoping I don't have to go in for Jury Duty tomorrow.
  TEN POUNDS!?? holy smokes, he's turning into a little porker! did kitty docs say he was ok, or does he have to go on a diet?
 RT  New issue of Google's Think Quarterly is unbelievably great. Print design perfectly integrated with the web, at last ...
 RT  I would like to say to all the haters on  marriage that God loves ALL her children 
 RT  Spam subject line writers are getting lazy: "Congratulations Once Again Your Internet Email Address Has Been Awarded Som ...
  my parents had the treadmill hanging around in their basement, in good shape, so that was fortunate. Craigslist might be useful?
 Weekend project: tread desk 
 "Kraftwerk is one of my favorite bands"
 RT  Only taken a cursory glance, but Don't Fear the Internet looks like it'll be a fantastic resource for non-web desig ...
 the one downside to having a standing desk is that you have to stand.
 I like small production american booze as much as the next guy, but no need to sell me on the Tito's. I'm familiar with it, thx.
 Most pretentious answer to the question, "what kind of vodka do you have?" goes to Twains server: "small production American." 
 RT  Great job opportunity for social journalists: Storify is looking for a community manager: 
  i feel like there's an ongoing debate about which of those albums is better. i have opinions, what's yours?
 currently: back-to-back listening of Hüsker Du albums New Day Rising and Zen Arcade after hearing  chat w/  this AM
 30K, BOOOSH!!! 
  well, it actually appears to be done now. still hearing a little thunder, but it's not raining.
 current weather status: CRAZY. this animated gif doesn't really do it justice.  
 RIP Google Labs. 
 happy birthday to the elderly 
    i fail to see the irony... mustaches mandatory when it comes to 
    yes, BUT to be fair, tomorrow IS the good doctah's birthday. so we should prolly oblige?
   a very delicious test indeed. still auditioning appropriate beverages, oh yes! :) wines, boozes, etc. NOMBS.
  wife + mom in law should have been your first indication something would go amiss. but then there were cocktails, HEY-O!
   maybe someone saw my meatball pic last night and felt jealous?  it's ok, they were DELISH!
  lololo, i'm not well versed in nearby bowling OWLIES. however, will try to make it! \m/
  whoa, in chamblee?? what time do you play?
  oh *your* planning meeting where producers act dumb? don't think *we're* in on that. break down the 3rd wall, brother!!
  have you taken a look at simplenoteapp.com as an  replacement? i haven't used it personally, gimme your thoughts if u do
 RT  Crazy  stat: "The first $5 million in pledges took 342 days to accumulate, while the most recent took just 1 ...
 YES!! finally I can blog at night!! 
  you are a dog whisperer. what's up with that!? ps: those little ones are adorable indeed.
  "the beret is next level"... just fyi, that made me laugh loudly. other humans heard! :)
  oops! o_0
 Making LauterDad proud, first meatballs!  
 Pretty sure I just saw a small dog (like a Whippet?) WEARING A BERET and riding in the cab of a pickup truck with hipsters.
  holy cow, there's such a thing as the Atlanta Punk Rock Association??
  i think you're right about that. i don't really keep an eye on things daily, just peeked this morning and had to grumble.
  agreed. i think the market must have a case of the mondays.
 the stock market is kinda taking a dump on my monday. 
 Previously unpublished Beatles photographs 
  when are you back in a-town? i wanna take you to lunch and talk shop. or post-work kidnappings, the choice is yours.
  perhaps if  was upfront, transparent, made an announcement?.. we could still have a relationship. unlikely at this point.
 Dear  you've crippled your free accounts to the point of being absolutely useless. Or is it just *our* free account? 
  me too! Except for the fact that I don't think they used [my favorite redacted] email service provider this go 'round. Ah well
  and how did YOU take it?
    honestly, just call in every black prius you see. I'm already eyeing them suspiciously...
  It's good to be loved!
  based on my limited time spent using  today, I still like  better. Spotify free feels crippled- ads, patchy avail, etc
  have you played around with  at all? Very limited usage w/  so far, but UI feels less refined. We'll see..
  thanks for the  recommendation! Great meeting you at the  party the other night.
  thanks john, actually scored an invite this morning via 
 . catered lunch for the win! ( MailChimp Office) 
 if a  invite were to find it's way into my inbox, i wouldn't disregard it. thank you in advance, kind humans. 
 RT  I want a reverse- now. Something that tracks my feeds against key and popular news stories, and shows me what  ...
  yup, was also trying to make it to coffee hour. How can you plan for +1 hour delays? :(
 I've now been sitting in traffic on 85S for ONE HOUR. about to jump out of my car and cut someone.
 Sweat equity. ( Dekalb Tennis Center) 
  scotch & soda. summery, and don't let people tell you otherwise.
  am i too late? (do want)
 RT  Tivo finally came out with an iPhone app. 
 MailChimp’s Summer Par-Tay, in Animated Form 
 15th Annual Redneck Games (in photos) - 
 RT  Haters gonna create lifestyle brands based around t-shirts.
 Partying, duh. ( MailChimp Customer Par-Tay) 
  iOS swype clone? do want!
  what kind of things are you using pipes for? looking for potentially interesting use cases.
 RT  How to Make Great Brand Merchandise:  via 
   aw, cuteness!
 i want lunch to come to me today. any takers?
  wow, i love it when apps conspire with tumblr to autotweet your gifs of people eating things. /sarcasm .. maybe i'm a trendsetter?
 Photo: Leigh is officially a member of the  crew!  
 Seo-Ra-Beol Korean BBQ in Duluth is open 24/7 - is this common?? (h/t  via  
 Read this now, without passing go, collecting $200 or adding to  | Bored People Quit 
 I just started using  to track my gas mileage and it's rad! Thanks  
  didn't they get the memo that you have shit to do here!??
 RT  Exercising my tweet finger for 9PM Cuba premier....currently watching Smurfs with daughter. She'll be pissed I chang ...
 Ew.  
   HA!! That's incredible, plz do it!
  YES! It would be great if there was a way to aggregate responses.
 it's 'roid week 2011! time to bust out my sx-70 and play along. 
 pop-under ads are the sleaze.
  done and done. enjoi.
  just sent. enjoi. :)
 looks like google+ invites are available again. let me know if you want one.
 RT  This may by the best consulting advice I've ever read. Thanks  
  I anticipate still having all my hair tomorrow
  lulz about the salary. no laughing matter about still being awake. (in the same boat) apparently we live in the wrong time z0ne. o_0
   can't make it tonight but it's on my list of places to check out
  only downside is that I feel like maybe I'm squandering my time?
 I rarely know what to do with myself on Saturdays.
 Going to check out  for the first time ever in just a bit. Interested in  CSA goodness!
 Bloody. For  ( The Square Pub) 
 Driving. ( Northcrest Driving Range) 
 En route to hit golf balls and  is channeling Michael Jackson. 
 TGIF. that is all.
 Run Freddie, Run! (cc:   
 Cold-sided pillow FTW! [sleep] victory is imminent!
 IBM Watson To Replace Salespeople and Cold-Callers (even tech support folks, eventually) 
 RT  My favorite description of G+ so far: "I like it. It's an app without my mom!"
 Made kick ass black bean burgers tonight. Vegetarian and meatless friendly amigos, hit me up for some hot recipe action. 
  It's been a while since I've used the  integration, but I'll see if I can help. L...
 it's a good day when you get to use the "haters gonna hate" gif in a professional capacity (thx  
  there were also well over 50k viewers tuned in. pretty incredible!
 RT  MailChimp users in  Come join us next week for an awesome par-tay! 
  ah, bummer. thanks for the reply.
  i seem to recall you doing a study about the lifespan of a typical tweet, but i can't seem to track it down. can you help?
  that sucks, it's not even very late! Have a beer? Or a good read? Or two shots of your favorite whiskey?
   definitely storming in the northern 'burbs, and according to  lotsa bad weather on the southside. Sorry for the lames.
 DRUDGE SIREN: everything at Empire State South was fucking delicious. When you go there next, invite me along! 
 dinner at empire state south w/   
 Dupont loves to survey his domain from the shade of the screened-in porch 
  COME! it's an informal gathering and we have extra seats
 Kentucky Kilt 
 eats and drinks and merriment at Leon's w/   [photo] 
   eeenteresting (re: Fb Atlanta office)
 RT  Fresh Parmigiano-Reggiano opening now at Star Provisions. Come now get a piece from the heart of the cheese'!!!!!!!!!
  brickery dubs, or real world dubs? Either way, I feel your painz, 
  my voices may be able to talk to your voices. As far as WE know, there aren't any streaming options.. :(
  /whisper torrents. At least that's what the voices *cough* tell me
  ugh, who even needs rocks? Unless we're talking diamonds or crack, don't even front...
   indeed! We're finishing beers, will you be there for a bit?
  of course.
 RT  The only good thing that came form the last time the NBA had a lockout.  
  LAME. but ok I suppose. Another time.
 Anyone interested in hitting Twains around 8 for shuffleboard + beers?      et al?
  yeah, someone else mentioned that. Unforch, Ormsby's is more of a douche-fest than Twains so I think I've gotta nix it.
 ATL peeps: aside from Twains, where can I play shuffleboard around town? I've got a hankerin'. 
 "...Hopefully none of you fools are looking to hit 85S in the next few hours because it's clogged like Paula Deen's colon..." 
   is lucky to have you! i'm also approaching the 3-year mark (just a couple more months). we rule!
  did you try their collards or slaw? both are damn good, but i hear wait times are atrocious.
  psst, thanks for having us over for a super fun play date yesterday. I didn't get to chat with y...
 RT  It's More Likely You Will Survive A Plane Crash Or Win The Lottery Than Click A Banner Ad 
   i think  +  + others we want to invite? bocce is on the agenda!
   the more i thought about it, the more 7:20 at 7/2 started growing on me. easy peasy for my feeble mind.
 . Stanley Tucci says hello! 
 Lovin' this ball pit! ( Scoutmob HQ) 
 DRUDGE SIREN: stress fractured toe is halfway healed! no hot pink cast for lauts :( will be back to running/jumping/tennis-ing in ~3/4 wks
 Whoa!! Thanks for the assistance everyone. Google+ invites acquired. thanks    you are all fabulous!
  thank you!
 Just putting this out there... Happy to receive a Google+ invite if you find yourself with an extra to share.
 really happy to be making the transition from [redacted] to  for providing social media support. most impt thing: tools that WORK.
 RT  Another awesome thing coming out of ATL:  coloring book  (HT 
 RT  Wugazi: 
  have you seen the Zizek documentary? I took screenshots. </nerd> 
 I know the hashtag isn't trending anymore, but I have to tweet this! Deng Gang Dance 
  everything was magical in the '50s.
 FOOD-O-MAT, because in 1959 our vision of the future was a grocery in which everything came in neat little packages 
   would be interested to know the final verdict :)
  my amigo  says there's a burger joint in le parker meridien and bouchon bakery is super tasty + walking distance
  any suggestions? RT  New Yorkers, help a  out - recommend a good lunch spot near 54th and 6th?
 Here We Go Orlando Magic 
  OH SNAP!! *squeeeee!!!*
 it pains me that there's an  but NO   its a *travesty* folks. i mean DC... really?? :(
 For the DSM-V’s Consideration: Apple Obsessive Disorder « Thought Catalog 
  quick suggestion. if i've accidentally recorded more than 24 hours of standing in a day, invalidate the edited session.
 Cheeky Little Underage Hackers Are Getting Their Very Own DEF CON Event | Fast Company  (via Instapaper)
  apparently the drought killed the weakest 10% of trees a few years ago, and they're just now falling due to all the rain/storms
 Power is out at CTU Chamblee. </pout>
  i totally just borked my stats. any way to manually edit a session that's already been recorded?
 good news from mt. gox this morning 
 RT  Hey, have you seen my monkey. 
 RT  Say hello to my little Robotic Double Vulcan Nerf Gun Turret of Death: 
 Clouds be lookin' crazy 
  ahoy! didn't get the memo about the new job *or* that you were back stateside. welcome aboard, n00b. :)
  also, cats.
  Slingbox may be just what the doctor ordered. Or use a proxy server?
  was in chicago in may. girl and the goat was overrated, disappointing. big star in wicker park was an interesting taco spot.
 10 Myths About Introverts | CarlKingCreative.com  (via Instapaper)
  hadn't heard that yet, but great news. ATL people need ZAZA. ATL people NEED HAWKS!!
 RT  Probably you guys heard already but today little step was made forward at the meeting.But we are still far away. Next meetin ...
  right on! Simple recipe, infinitely delicious.
 Coq Au Vin part 2: shallots, mushrooms, vin rouge, etc. 
 quick Coq Au Vin (in progress) 
  natch!
 RT   keeping a spare beer in my glove box has saved me so many times.
 Keeping a spare car key in my wallet just totally saved my ass! 
  that makes two of us! :)
 How to encrypt your Dropbox files until Dropbox wakes the f*ck up 
  i read lots of different articles, but i think this is the one that burrowed into my psyche/made me experiment 
 I am F*CKING JAMES BOND!! 
  yeah, just looking to make some positive changes. we'll see how it goes.
 Standing desk guinea pig. ( MailChimp Office) 
   i'm no longer a blackberry user, but it's unfortunate to see you discontinuing support. was my fave bb twitter client.
 RT  MENTAL HEALTH IS NOT A LUXURY.
 RT  NOW TAKING PAYMENT IN BITCOINS bit in bitcoins stands for bits of kibble right WAIT WHAT THAT DOESN'T SOUND VERY STABLE  ...
 RT  As promised, here's my behind-the-scenes take on Facebook's acquisition of Sofa: "Plutor & Fedor" 
  nice!!
  is that Korean BBQ chicken? What's the place called?
  ooh, you are so smart!
  same owners as Brickstore and Leon's?
 Hey  friends, know anything about this new restaurant opening in  
  WHOA!! -PEARL- looks fancy! Lemme know how that goes?
  my fiancee is telling me our respective vinyl records can't co-mingle.. Lost faces anon made sense 10 mins ago.
  hey, where you and  at? I need DETAILS FOR LOST FACES, ANON!
 New reality show idea: nearly thirty with a combover (dot com)
 Oh HAIL NO.  ( Downtown Decatur) 
  this seems right up your alley.  — Investigative Journalism, Crowdsourced 
 RT  I remember when RIMM hit $80/share after I published a leak of the Pearl... crazy
 This is a pretty sweet jello prank. 
 YESSS!! only 101 miles til we get back to Atlanta! This is probably the last of my 
   our jobs page is the best place to learn about open positions and get in touch. mailchimp.com/about/jobs/
 Larry Flynt offers Weiner a job 
 TRUFAX! RT  allen and son bar-b-q is where it's at when driving near chapel hill. thx for the tip 
 driving through NC in a minivan taking videos of roadside black bears w/   
 RT  So I'm reading  minding my own biz when BOOM I see our buddies  are featured on page 1. Nice job! http:/ ...
 ¡Número uno!  ( favorite beach towel)
 Ridiculous art sale going on at  
 Spot the Fuji.  
  you're pretty much always  when A-Trak is involved
 RT  Searching DC  need one that's central, has WiFi & a decent lobby (where I can camp out & do interviews), also NO ...
 Norway Trains Its Diplomats in Black Metal  (h/t 
 It's 5 o'clock somewhere!  
 Decided today that having a modest 60' or so yacht would not suck. Wealthy benefactor? Yes plz. 
 Sweet beach wheels. ( Nansemond St) 
 Print out these glasses and show your support for  
 RT  Try this tonight: Point at everything with your pinky finger.
 RT  "Creativity is like chasing chickens." Christoph Niemann on happiness, work and the creative life 
 Just played a 102 point word in Words With Friends. Sorry 
 Basketball is at a peak right now, too bad it's about to fall off a cliff   
  yep, we generally come once a year with fiancee unit's family. Best beach times! <3 it.
  such a great idea!!
 Cowboy. ( Nags Head, NC) 
 interesting study (w/ hard data and stats) about the growth potential of Facebook Ads amongst local businesses 
  what kind of dumpy hotel are you staying in?? 
   who knew Burlington Coat Factory would be such a conversation starter!? Got at least 3 replies about my tweet.
 Angry Birds Self-Publishing a Cookbook of Egg Recipes 
  LOL. It made a good story while it lasted.
 I think we just drove past the last remaining Burlington Coat Factory in the United States.
 Don't forget... 
 Outer Banks, here we come.
 [sorry  you're waaaay off here] Amount of work required to look good  
  Paolo's Beef Jerky Bonanza!
 Kinder surprise. 
  luckily *not* I. Had to double check my timeline first to make sure though.
  uhm, but can we talk about my favorite little man Barea!?? Clutch, and glad to see him in the game.
  wow, what a lady killa!! Maximum cuteness for reals. :)
 BOSHFLOPS should be a unit of measurement.
 Hey VanGundy, keep your NCAA out of my NBA, kthx.
  i am the queen of weird looks, for real. so excited it doesn't have to be that way!
 RT  Do you always look kind of weird or constipated in photos? You can fix that by remembering how facial expressions feel:  ...
  we especially <3 the butt cheeks!
 big box o' Freddie chimps from  ( MailChimp Office) 
 RT  We're having a Happy Hour during  at Thirsty Bear Brewing Company tomorrow, June 8 from 5-8PM. Come have a beer with ...
 Thanks to Stephen and Mark for sharing... 
 this is excellent! thoroughly looking forward to our grilled cheese party!! 
 I jumped the gun on World IPv6 Test Day because I'm space-time challenged apparently. It's actually happening tomorrow, June 8. 
 It's already World IPv6 Test Day somewhere in the world, but for east coasters it starts in approximately 44 minutes.
   thanks for the head's up! unfortunately can't make it this wednesday, but hopefully sometime soon. keep me posted.
  would *highly* recommend dinner at Torrisi next time you're in new york. amazing meal, wonderful dining experience.
 Stressin'. Lots of work to do and things to catch up on before heading out of town *again* Thursday for a week at the beach.
  have you been? We're sooo stoked!!
 Late dinner with _ &  before heading home in the morning. ( Torrisi Italian Specialties) 
  randomly met a guy named matt last night in fort greene, brooklyn from your law school class! Small world.
  I'm about to get some beer and snacks delivered to 
 In the East Village (almost) with time to kill. What's happening, New York friends?
  boo, I think you won this round. Love it, you're the best.
 RT  Our UX team threw a pizza party and then I documented it. 
 I must be going through my mid-life crisis because I can't stop listening to YES this week. ♫ 
  I just like to keep things separate.
 YouTube introduces Creative Commons option for uploaders, remixers 
 "convenient bite-size whole animal"  
 RT  RT  ARRESTED! An Oakland police officer just called me to let me know that they arrested the guy in my photos! BOOYA!
 Things I currently dislike (read: hate)-- d wade, instagr.am tweeters, pasty eyeballs (my own, thx), summer doldrums.
 RT  Why everyone should use Hidden: This Guy Has My MacBook  by 
  I am a horrible person for not seeing you off, BUT, I just might prolly come visit with you abroad. Assuming that's ok :)
  NAV, they named their daughter "ATLANTA". o_O
  absolutely no contest. you have my vote :)
 Beckham bringing MLS to Atlanta? 
 Did you know  is hiring chimpthusiasts in  Come meet us *TOMORROW*  
 Hated by many... 
  eh, but airbnb is in it's infancy! doing a new, wholly unique thing. Billions are just silly numbers anyhow.
  oh, so what should Facebook do for you, considering their latest valuation was ~84 billion? Much more I'd think ;)
  I haven't had the opportunity yet to use  BUT, I think they've got a great thing going. Brilliant and def deserve valuation.
  gah, I know the feeling! Any strategies (aside from panic) for dealing?
  thanks, will give it a look!
 Anyone have thoughts on the best iOS app(s) for managing recipes, meal planning and/or shopping lists?    et al..
 Might have to check out some  eats on this lovely Sunday
 Just two dudes and a dog 
  especially true if you're working with the Facebook API (saw your request for Chicago peeps to check-in using Places)
  North Coast Red Seal? 
 in a porch sittin', beer drankin' mood.
  AHHH! cute!!
  it's a fluxrojects.org installation
 RT  Yuppie Ghetto     
 _ is serious business. “ Check out the work of  ”
  I wish you were speaking metaphorically, but I totally get it. And me too!
  getting an error when i try to connect youtube from both Profile & Campaign screens.  my issue or yours?
 [the best headline you'll read all day] Horse herpes outbreak forces rodeo queens to ride stick ponies 
 whoa, just realized that mailchimp.posterous.com is nearly 2 years old! holy smokes!
 His and hers 
  beta as in Betamax. My friend Pauly D had the saddest childhood :(
 OH: we had BETA for years, you couldn't rent *anything* (courtesy of pauly d)
    By which I mean  .. Natch. 
  when it comes to stinky cheeses, room temperature is where it's at. (your cat probably agrees)
   also, invisible mode is *a thing*?? holy  (next time you decide to develop a game, keep that in mind)
  uhh, yeah. i was completely mesmerized.
 "...but what about artists who draw missiles?" 
 World's best Tetris player  (via  o_O
 Today in particular, thankful for covered parking at home. 
 ain't no party like a soft boiled egg party! 
 Octopus for hire. ( MailChimp Office) 
  no, but  and  have reaped some sweet  rewards. Probs better than a hotel in ATH.
  find a foodie friend via airbnb.com? Just a thought.
  I know Brooklyn is huge, but if you can, go grab a bite at Caracas. You can thank me later. :)
  you're a guy; don't they always fit?
 RT  One more thing to worry about: Are my error pages witty, polished, on-brand, useful AND entertaining enough?   ...
  so as a person with dog, can you tell me if that's like *a thing*? you know, feeding your dog pasta?
 
  i don't have a xoom, and actually just switched back to iphone. BUT, was following  coverage and someone posted invite link
 got my google music beta invite last night. only one question remains: BUT DOES IT SCROBBLE??
  chamblee reprazent!
 My eyeballs hurt.
  I think  parents figure we'll probably just elope. We haven't made any plans yet, sorry to poop on your parade.
  that's one of the things that was waaay better on Android than iPhone: Google Maps. sorry 'bout your turn arounds.
 A Brief History of Cheese  (cc 
  I've never hated Muzak more than when I was working retail. Still though, I feel your pain.
 RT  Bearer bonds are great for plot development, probably not that great as an investment vehicle.
  on that note, a question for you. Were you physically tired all the time when you first started training? I'm energized, but pooped.
  kinda feel like all I do these days during the week is gym, work, cook/eat dinner, sleep, repeat.
 Thumbing through old Gourmet magazines looking for recipes that strike my fancy. Determined to eat more meals at home during the week.
 RT  Rejoice, for it is Bloody Mary time. 
 7 years in the making 
  !!! Awesome.
 I wish there was a way to quickly scroll to the top of my timeline in Tweetbot.   am I missing something?
  I WANT A SHOYA BUTTON EVERYWHERE I GO!
 Ha! Chris and I are seeing a closed captioned showing of Bridesmaids. Super amused. 
 [this is kind of nuts!] Neurologists: Apple Triggers Religious Reaction  via 
 MailChimp Is Hiring! Come Meet Us In Person.   
 Wayne from Flaming Lips is the awesome, popular guy you don't want to tell he's acting like a total drunk fool. 
  oh sweet, glad you know who that was. The band, I mean. We were speculating based on pollstar.
    where are you located?  and I are up top with the old folks and miscreants.
 Flaming Lips. Crowd here: elderly stoners. ( The Tabernacle w/  
 Vignette running on android gingerbread. Not bad. 
 Music For Dieter Rams 
  check your flickr messages. sent you a reply about the dog-in-a-cat-hat request.
 oh, this seems useful. a list of handy icelandic phrases! 
 nothing sounds satisfying to my earholes today, music-wise. hrmph.
 just used  for the first time. it was way better than stepping in my time machine and setting the dial for 1984.
 RT  SOOO excited that the best radio station in the world just setup their live streaming!!!!  
 RT  In case you missed it yesterday, we launched a mobile app to keep up with the tech event calendar in Atlanta  ...
 RT  "Eat some veggies..."  (via 
  yeah, it's an important element of knowing if someone is worth following! RIP Lala :(
 I wish  had a tool similar to Last.fm's compatibility scale. I want to algorithmically see how my tastes compare w/ another user.
 [ugh, disappointing] Dropbox Lied to Users About Data Security, Complaint to FTC Alleges | Wired.com 
    thanks guys, decided to try Apex 1.41 to start with. So far, very impressed.
 Any opinions from the peanut gallery re: best custom ROM for Droid X? Looking for equal parts performance & battery life.
  there's a joke about lichen somewhere in there as well, but I've yet to figure it out.
 Dear Phillies, your uniform font sucks ASS. 
 The new look for mobile.twitter.com is sexy!   
 ShortStack introduces Promotions for Facebook Pages  via 
 Sad times atl. Stop me if you think you've seen/heard this one before.
   needs to hurry or there won't be much of a game left to play
 LET'S GO HAWKS! ( Philips Arena w/ 79 others) 
 RT  RT   allowing 10.6 fewer points per 100 possessions with Teague on court than off.
  even if it's a whole pig's head i'm eating? 
 Thunderbird has been my email client of choice for over a year now, and I just realized how to only show unread messages. 
  i haven't personally used either of those.
  i've used a bunch of different ones. assuming you're talking about business, i think  has probably been my favorite.
 . speaking about algorithmic relevance, courtesy of     
   wow, congrats?
  wow,  must really hate you if he's making you deal with the fb dev stuff. ;]
 RT  Bootstrap Marketing: Ideas that don't suck 
 [Truth] RT  What does this say about Android battery life?  
  LETS GO HAWKS!!
 CARLOS BOOZER, YOU ARE A THUG ASS BITCH! 
 LET'S GO HAWKS! ( Atlanta, Georgia) 
 The Future Of Work Is Play, a talk by  |  via  (h/t 
 Excellent TED Talk! Dan Gilbert asks, Why are we happy? (h/t   
  WHAT?? No. Way. Can I get a link or news story or something? 
  I don't know what part of town you're in, but Mother Hubbard's is the belly of the beast. Watched Hawks lose game 3 there :(
  yes, in fact i've never used mine. Bought a wii bundle from  a year or two ago but have never used the balance board.
     YES!! and i think we're gonna need to hashtag it. 
 RT  Think MailChimp Would Be An Awesome Place To Work? (you'd be correct!) 
 RT  Ingredients for successful customer service:  
  I love Taka's blog, one of my all favorites. (h/t 
  let me know when you're here and we'll get together. I'll continue cheering for the Hawks though :)
 Wheels down. LET'S GO HAWKS! ( Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL) w/ 170 others) 
  yes indeed! Awesome city, good food, overall fun trip. At the airport getting ready to head back to Atlanta. How's Morocco?
 Facade from below. ( Aqua) 
 Chicago from afar. ( Navy Pier) 
 RT  I think the dude f bachelor party behind us thinks second city is the chicagoland's premiere strip club.
 Tacos! ( Big Star) 
 Chicago at night.  
  hm, interesting. I'm seriously bored right now. 7th inning stretch, yawn.
 Baseball. ( Wrigley Field) 
  dude, I didn't say I was a *fan*, just happen to be attending a game. Baseball is pretty boring in general, IMHO.
  done and done. Not a hotdog fan generally, but Chicago style is definitely the way to do it.
 Cheering for the cloud cover more than I'm cheering for the Cubs.
 Headed to Wrigley Field to see the Cubs.
  righteous! Thanks for the  tip!
 RT  The nerds in MailChimp Labs launched something new today: AlterEgo, simple 2-factor authentication for web apps: http:/ ...
 The Bean abides. ( Cloud Gate (The Bean)) 
 Quiet afternoon on the river. ( River east) 
 Hi Chicago. I'm here, what's good?
 I'm at Chicago Midway International Airport (MDW) (5600 S Cicero Ave., Chicago) w/ 33 others 
 RT  I've mentally prepared myself for Rose to score about 40 and shoot 876 free throws tonight since he didn't get any the oth ...
 RT  Even the White House is using   
  next time take MARTA. oh wait...
 RT  “We’ve lost many large clients because we refused to do anything special for them, and it’s improved the product.” h ...
 Pellegrino is my co-pilot
