  I like the use of the term "proxy".
  Is it possible for you to truly understand something, yet be unable to communicate it to me in a way that I understand? 
  Do you use other strategies, too?
 I invite your thoughts: How do you recognize understanding when I see it? 
 How do others know when I understand something well? 
 How do I recognize understanding when I see it? 
 Two foundational questions (I think we all need to consider these):
 "Understanding is different from knowing. Emphasis in on the verb rather than the noun." --Janet Field at 
 Don’t ask, “What is art?” Ask “When is art?”  from 
 "Don’t ask what you can do for the arts. Ask what the arts can do for you." --Howard Gardner at 
 Going to share some notes from this morning's plenary at Project Zero ( at Harvard...
 Going to share some notes from this morning's plenary at Project Zero at Harvard...
 Technology Is The New Smoking 
 Day 1 of Project Zero is over. It was inspiring and thought-provoking. Hope to share when I have time to reflect.  
 Day 1 of Project Zero is over. It was inspiring and thought-provoking. Hope to share when I have time to reflect. 
 Finished Walking Entire Freedom Trail in Boston w/  
 Arrived in Boston. Sightseeing today. Project Zero begins tomorrow at Harvard. 
 Student-Teaching Found to Suffer From Poor Supervision 
 How GPlus Can Become The Social Network For Education 
 The 5 Stages of Teacher Professional Development by     
 Will you be in Boston area next week? I'll be at Harvard participating in Project Zero. Shall we organize a TweetUp?
 RT  One-pound iPad replacing pilots' 40 pounds of flight manuals  via    
 Goal!!!!
 View from Here: Flight 2618 (198/365)  
 Flying back to Charlotte, NC today. Looking forward to facilitating workshops all week in Kannapolis. 
 Colors of the Sunset (196/365) 
 Great Tech Expectations: What Should Elementary Students Be Able to Do and When? 
 Get Rich Quick (194/365) 
 Why the Built-In Photo Editor on Google+ Rocks. 
 School Snapshots: Brighton Elementary (193/365) 
 A helpful intro. and review of Google+ from Rocketboom.  I'm liking it so far.
 Enjoying Day 2 with the Tipton County elementary teachers. Teaching Storybird and Tikatok right now.
 Putting the iPad to Work in Elementary Classrooms - T.H.E. Journal 
 Who Wants Cookies? (192/365) 
 More U.S. Adults Own a Smartphone Than Have a Degree   
 RT  Flipping: bring homework to classroom - intro & instruction at home, develop understanding w/exercises in classroom 
  It is . 
 RT  Pioneers in flipping the classroom, teachers in Woodland Park, CO:   
  and  Here is the website: 
 Welcome to all the friends here in Memphis for 
 Apps For Teachers & Students Take Center Stage In App Store     
 Home from church camp. Not accustomed to air conditioning. House is freezing...but I'm not complaining. 
 3 Stooges  
  Is Underway (185/365) 
 Teachers get "the gift of time" today. They are spending the day collaborating on plans and projects for next year. 
 This Is an Example 
 Believe and ... (181/365)  
  welcome to Twitter. The EduPLN is a great resource and encouragement.
 6 new technologies set to change education 
 RT  Putting bad pedagogy/curriculum in digital format doesn't make it good, just easier to share/replicate the bad 
 RT  We need to work on doing less and having our students do more. Stager 
 Miguel ( shines a light on another important issue. Invisible Professionals - Replacing Librarians with iPads 
 Bacon Wrapped Shrimp...Yummy! (180/365) 
 What Song Gets You Amped Up? 
  Facilitating professional development with a school district near Charlotte this week. This will be week 1 of 3 with them.
 Landed in ATL. Have 4 hour layover en route to CLT. Any friends here at ATL Airport?
 Beach Towels (176/365) 
 Google Sites are now mobile ready.     
 5 Conversations I Don't Want To Have Anymore 
  What teachers do in addition to teaching the curriculum matters. (hugs, encourage, believe, expect, care, etc.)
 Mobile Tools for Teachers’ Toolboxes at  
 Notes and resources from Mobile Tools for Teachers' Toolboxes workshop  
 Mobile Tools Workshop at iSummit 
 Thanks to all that recommended Chuy's. We loved it!
 In Search of Great Guacamole 
 Here are slides and resources from my iSummit presentation Digital Tools for Teachers’ Toolboxes  
 Digital Tools for Teachers’ Toolboxes (Version 2.3) at  
 RT   "Lesson plans should be learning plans" 
  I enjoyed it and look forward to working with y'all again.
 Enjoyed serving on panel w/     at iSummit. Thanks for invitation.  
  Enjoyed it. Looking forward to the next round of workshops.
 Great Administrative Support 
 School Snapshot (172/365) 
 Google Friend Connect 
 Wimbledon Has Begun! (171/365) 
 Subscribe by Email 
 Photo with Bill Nye the Science Guy at  
  Thanks for helping us get the work out about the Special Education Summit on Sept. 27-28. 
 Thanks kids!  was great. Use of 3D was merited. Preview of Lion King in 3D was very cool.
 Bookmarks for 06/18/2011 
  It was good to work with y'all. All the best to NoTosh.
  Thanks for participating in the conference. Enjoyed hanging out. I look forward to our next visit.
 Seeing an early screening of  Starts in an hour. Thanks for the cool Father's Day surprise.
 The Big 6 for Kids - Tags: 				         	        Research 	      		         	        Literacy 	      		         	   ... 
 Choose the Best Search for Your Information Need - Work smarter and use the most appropriate online search tools whe... 
  The archived tweets are a great resource. Thanks and kudos to those that made that happen. 
 Many slideshows, resources, handouts, etc. from sessions/workshops at  available at 
 A good post about lifelong learning from  at 
  reminds us to "skate where the puck is going to be" in this blog post.  
 Great to see the conversations continue on Twitter and Facebook. 
  and others new to Twitter -- Go to search.twitter.com. Search  and add new Twitter friends from search results.
  Congrats! That's the appropriate use of "y'all."  -- Enjoyed visiting with you.
  You are truly welcome. Hope to continue working together to enhance teaching and learning.
  Hi, Simon. Glad to connect with you.
 Thanks to everyone that participated in and helped with  I enjoyed learning with you.
 At Rendezvous with   
 "The way to have a good idea is to have a lot if ideas." Bill Nye at 
 Visiting with Bill Nye the Science Guy. The 5th grade science teacher in me is pumped.
  begins in about half an hour. There's a a buzz of excitement around the campus. 
 Bulldogs win in bottom of 9th! Game 3 tomorrow.
  attendees coming from 11 states and 2 countries. Bill Nye, TN Governor Haslam,  among speakers. 
 Bookmarks for 06/10/2011 
 Bloggers on Project Based Learning - Tags: 				         	        PBL 	      		         	        Curriculum 	      		... 
 Top Ten Tips for Assessing Project-Based Learning | Edutopia 
 How to Get Projects Off to a Good Start - In project-based learning, project kickoff is an exciting day -- and for g... 
 Thanks  and 
 E3: Nintendo announces Wii U, handheld device that extends the screen of Wii game play 
 Car Wash (157/365) 
 New round of US grants available for education innovation; less money on the ... - Washington Post 
  Haven't seen anything that meets those specifications. Perhaps others have.
 Acceptable Use Policies in Web 2.0 & Mobile Era 
 Garden: Day 25 (151/365) 
 Librarians are Teachers, Too: Why Schools Need Librarians Now More than Ever 
 Now That's a Hungry Fish (142/365) 
 Bill Nye the Science Guy to Keynote 2011 Martin Institute Summer Conference    
 “First it happens very, very slowly…Then it happens very suddenly.” --F.Scott Fitzgerald on becoming poor.  
 Special strands for literacy / language arts and STEM at Summer Conference.      
 Considering a career in  Spend a year as a teacher resident & receive mentoring, training and experience. 
  Very glad to help. Thanks for the reminder.
 View from the Patio (138/365) 
 We can’t solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.” --Albert Einstein  
 If I Had My Child to Raise over Again 
 Could the Internet spell the end of snow days? - The Associated Press 
 A Day in the Life of a Virtual School Student 
 “There is one thing worse than not being able to see. Being able to see, but having no vision.” --Helen Keller  
 California Bill To Give Parents Access To Kids’ Facebook Pages 
 Interesting notes and thoughts from  for those considering blending learning. 
 Sunset on the Water (136/365) 
 Learning to Change -- Changing to Learning 
 I am only one, but I am one. I can not do everything but I can do something. I must not fail to do the something that I can do. Helen Keller
 Run! (135(/365) 
 Garden: Day 6 
 "If you can't serve as a good example, at least you can serve as a horrible warning..." --Catherine Aird  
 When I become a Teacher 
 Garden: Day 5, Little Sprouts (132/365) 
 Top 8 Android Apps for Education   
 Skype Confirms: We& Coming to Xbox, Outlook, Windows Phone & More 
 Need to Vent (132/365) 
 Garden: Day 3 (130/365) 
 Billboards Bear Faces of Effective Teachers 
 Let's go Grizzlies!  
 Special strand for STEM at Summer Conference. Bill Nye to keynote.   
 Considering a career in  Spend a year as a teacher resident & receive mentoring, training and experience. 
 "Anyone can steer the ship when the sea is calm." --Publilius Syrus  
 Tom Barrett ( among featured speakers at        
 "If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original." --Sir Ken Robinson  
 Special strands for literacy / language arts and STEM at Summer Conference.     
 Garden: Day 2 (129/365) 
 Presenting with Text - great tips for designing slides, documents, etc. 
 “You neither learn nor grow by your success, only by your failures. Failure is the grease that keeps the world’s engines running.” –Stan Lee
 Garden: Day 1 (128/365) 
 Grizzlies win!!! Memphis 101, OKC 93.  
 Hosting a playoff party. Let's go Grizzlies!  
 For  (127/365) 
 Considering a career in  Spend a year as a teacher resident & receive mentoring, training and experience. 
 Blast from the Past (126/365) 
 Seeking recommendations for weather alert apps. Can you help, please?
 Be a Learner by  
 Special strands for literacy / language arts and STEM at Summer Conference.     
 Bookmarks for 05/04/2011 
 Random Photo (123/365) 
 Where Does Education Stand? 
 Creaza Education - Create, edit, and share digital stories. Works with most digital devices. 		 		 		 		Tags: 				  ... 
 Three iOS Apps that Beat Apple's Default Tools   
 Tom Barrett ( among featured speakers at        
 Join our EduPLN: Together We Learn More  
 Starting a New Book (122/365) 
 It was surprising to see how much the flood waters had risen throughout the county just while I was at work today. 
 How Can Students Use Their Own Devices in School? Ask Them.    
 Bill Nye the Science Guy to Keynote 2011 Martin Institute Summer Conference    
 Teaching to the Test 
 Graduate assistantship in IDT 
 How the Internet Affects Plagiarism 
 Mark Cuban (owner of Dallas Mavericks) is glad for the Memphis Grizzlies reports ESPN   
 Sorry for lack of info. Provided update at    
 Only Needed Six Stitches 
  Hope y'all have a great time. Looking forward to seeing you here for the Martin Institute Summer Conference.
 3rd Grade Stopmotion Projects 
 Round 2 Bound   
 Grizz win!!! Grizz win!!!  
 High-schoolers who work less likely to finish college 
 Rally Rag Ready for Friday Night   
 Failure Can Be a Good Thing 
 The pollen count is high in Tennessee [Amazing Video] 
 Rally Rag Ready for Friday Night   
 We Believe [Video] 
 iPads in the Classroom: Integration Matters   
 iPads in the Classroom: Integration Matters   
 Rumor: Apple's cloud service comes with subscription fee 
 Reasons to Believe [Video] 
 I made an interactive panorama of the FedEx Forum  from Grizzlies and Spurs Game 4  
 Keep on Trying 
 Support Believe Memphis! by adding a banner to your profile photo/avatar.   
 Disaster: Playstation Network User Data Compromised, Names, Addresses, Maybe Credit Cards 
 Thanks  for helping us out. 
 IQ scores reflect motivation as well as ‘intelligence’ 
  Thanks for sharing the headline. That's col.
 Interactive Panorama of FedEx Forum via Photosynth    
 Rally Rags A-Waving, Grizzlies and Spurs, Game 4 
 FedEx Forum is rocking. Grizz up by 12. Rally rags going crazy. 
 Interviewed by Wes Fryer 
 Pre-Game Photos from Grizzlies and Spurs, Game 4 
 Practice Makes Perfect 
 Are Parents Using the iPhone as a Babysitter? 
 Dawg Pound (114/365) 
 Grizzlies win!!!  
 The boys are giving me a crash course in BeyBlade at Toys R Us. When did they commit all these details to memory?!
 Oklahoma A+ Schools: Nurturing Creativity 
 Inviting Learners to Advocate for Their Needs 
 Children’s Book Author Encourages Our Youngest 
 New iPhone Case (106/365) 
 Oklahoma A+ Schools: Nurturing Creativity 
  I think  can help you with this.
 New iPhone Case (106/365) 
 I Do Not Understand This Game (109/365) 
 Give Us the Real World 
 More Amazing Basketball Shots from Dude Perfect 
 What Do Teachers Make? 
 April Flowers (108/365) 
 ShowMe iPad App: Easily Create Online Video Tutorials 
 Children’s Book Author Encourages Our Youngest – Thanks  
 Strawberry Cake (107/365) 
 ShowMe - Easily record interactive lessons on your iPad and share them instantly online - reach more students 
 Grizzlies win! Grizzlies win! Memphis 101, San Antonio 98
 iPads in Education by    
 New iPhone Case (106/365) 
  Yes, I look forward to visiting with you.
  Thanks for suggesting the resource. It is helpful.
 Musician Juggles Three Sticks While Drumming 
 Adobe throws in towel, adopts HTTP Live Streaming for iOS 
  More info about iPads in Education workshop at 
 Today is the last day to get the Everyday Math Apps for FREE.   
 Adobe throws in towel, adopts HTTP Live Streaming for iOS 
 What the Post-PC Era Means for Education 
  Its disappointing, but I believe we can correct it if we are purposeful.
 "Assessment the Web 2.0 Way" with Lori Carter just started at  
  suggests that "innovation" is often missing in STEM curriculum. 
 Enjoyed "iPads in Education & There's an Apps for That" with Julene Reed and Bobby Ireleand. 
 About the Martin Institute for Teaching Excellence [Video] 
 Enjoyed Cathleen Richardson's ( keynote at 2011 TAIS Technology Institute. 
 Want to go to Harvard's Project Zero? Applications for Martin Institute Fellowship open through Sunday.  
 Consider applying for the Martin Institute Fellowship to Harvard's Project Zero. Applications due Sunday. 
 Fun Music Video for The Pout-Pout Fish 
 Dr. Pepper Time! (104/365) 
 YouTube Gets Serious About Copyright Violation Education, Revamps Help Center - ReelSEO Online Video News 
 Free Apps: Everyday Math 
 Bookmarks for 04/14/2011 
 AlternativeTo.net 
 Hope others from  workshop () will do like  () and share attempts w/ Screenr.
  Thanks for the message. You just thrilled our youngest emerging writer!
 James Blunt sings on Sesame Street 
 The Pout-Pout Fish 
 Video congrats for  
 Timber!!! (102/365) 
 Don’t Forget the Fun Factor in Educational Games 
 3 Things Wile E. Coyote Teaches Us about Creative Intelligence 
 The most important new protocol since RSS: AirPlay (three cool new apps that use it to change how we view TV) 
 YouTube Tops Twitter in the Classroom 
 "Life is a classroom - only those who are willing to be lifelong learners will move to the head of the class." --Zig Ziglar via 
 NASA Names The Space Shuttles’ Final Resting Places 
 Fail Early, Fail Often 
  Thanks for the mention, Meredith.
 Raising Digital Kids - a workshop for parents 
 “The brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something.” --Randy Pausch
 Bahama Feast (101/365) 
 The Powerful Link between Creativity and Play 
 Please help a class secure resources for a project which sends a weather balloon to the edge of the atmosphere 
 RT  Please help a class secure resources for a project which sends a weather balloon to the edge of the atmosphere  ...
 Guacamole Time 
 "It's not what is poured into a student that counts, but what is planted." --Linda Conway
 Register today for the 2011 Martin Institute Summer Conference and you might win an iPad! 
 10 Ingenious iPad Self-Portraits - Which is your favorite?  
 Arkansas in the Rear View Mirror (96/365) 
 Last Blog Post On Earth. For Now. 
 What Do Kids Say Is the Biggest Obstacle to Technology at School? - ReadWriteWeb 
 Best Free Math Apps 
 Registration Open! Register for the 2011 Martin Institute Summer Conference by April 11 for a chance to win an iPad! 
  Thanks for sharing. I like that one, too.
 With Schools Turning to the Web for K-12 Education, Quality is a Concern - Switched 
 Did You Hug Your Kids Today? 
 The Moment Social Media became the News 
 Zoo Provides Practice in Vocabulary and Synonyms (97/365) 
  is going to be great. Kudos to    
  I like the addendum.
 “Teaching should be full of ideas instead of stuffed with facts.” --Anonymous
 Worth watching from Touch a Life 
 TN Governor Bill Haslam is one of the many featured speakers at The Martin Institute Summer Conference. Register at 
 “The best teachers teach from the heart, not from the book.”
 Hot Springs National Park Photos, Part 1 
 Hot Springs National Park Photos, Part 2 
 "Classroom teachers are some of the most knowledgeable people about where we need to go with education in the future." 
  Congrats on the Screencast! Mind if I include it as an example in future workshops?
 “When you teach your son, you teach your son's son.” --The Talmud
 Rib Time!!! 
  Yes, I'm pretty sure that can be done.
 We have greatly overestimated value of access to info & greatly underestimated value of access to each other - Clay Shirky  
  Workshop 
 Audio and Video Tutorials Made Simple  
 View from Here (94/365)  
 “Who dares to teach must never cease to learn.” --John C. Dana 
 Win an iPad. Register for the 2011 Martin Institute Summer Conference by April 11 and you'll be entered in the drawing. 
 "Blazing New Trails" is theme of 40th Annual Arkansas Association of Instructional Media Conference underway in Hot Springs. 
 Suggested Reading: Education and the Future 
 Live streaming of eagles nest in process of hatching eggs.   via 
  Thanks for sharing this, Joe.
 Join our EduPLN: Together We Learn More  
 ...Sarah will be sharing where she finds the inspiration for her work and what the writing process entails for her. 
 Author, Sarah Weeks (), is about to give the opening keynote at 
 Picture It! – Photo Scavenger Hunts in the Classroom  
 Picture It! – Photo Scavenger Hunts in the Classroom  
 Just crossed the mighty Mississippi River. Hello Arkansas. 
 Learning with Technology vs. Teaching with Technology 
 Learned a New Game (91/365) 
 Upcoming EduEvents 
 Wrap-Up: Apple Education Workshops –  
 Looking forward to meeting PLN members at the  Conference. 
 Click here. It's for a good cause. 
  You and  might want to connect then. She also works with 3rd graders.
 Learning about Scratch () from  at 
 The Impact of Budget Cuts in Education [Video]  
 Win an iPad. Register for the 2011 Martin Institute Summer Conference by April 11 and you'll be entered in the drawing. 
 The Impact of Budget Cuts in Education [Video]  
 ... Control your computer from the iPad ... Lots of Options ... Doceri is the Best! 
 Will you be at InnovatEd next Thursday?  
 “Teaching is not a lost art, but the regard for it is a lost tradition.” --Jacques Barzun
 “The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.” --William A. Ward
 Behold The World’s Largest Photo Ever Taken Indoors: 40 Gigapixels Of Awesome 
 Register for the 2011 Martin Institute Summer Conference by April 11 and you could win an iPad!  
 Bookmarks for 03/29/2011 
 “The object of education is to prepare the young to educate themselves throughout their lives.” --Robert M. Hutchins
 Plagiarisma.Net 
 How to Look at Multiple-Choice Assessments Formatively 
 Fun Invitation to the 2011 Martin Institute Summer Conference  
 “Our progress as a nation can be no swifter than our progress in education. The human mind is our fundamental resource.” --John F. Kennedy
 Enjoyed spending several hours at the Children's Museum of Memphis.
 Yummy!!! 
  and  You are very welcome. Thanks for your active participation.
 “The art of teaching is the art of assisting discovery.” --Mark van Doren
 Tim Matheny, Apple Sr. Systems Engineer, is sharing about iOS devices at our Faculty SIG. 
 Looking forward to InnovatEd in Memphis on 4.7.11.  
 “We can teach from our experience, but we cannot teach experience.” --Sasha Azevedo
 “While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about.” --Unknown
 Fun Invitation to the 2011 Martin Institute Summer Conference  
 “A master can tell you what he expects of you. A teacher, though, awakens your own expectations.” --Patricia Neal
 One of My Favorite Road Signs 
 Let Kids Rule the School - NY Times 
 Flying Fish (75/365) 
 Nobody Will Eat the Bear (74/365) 
 U.S. Urged to Raise Teachers' Status - NYTimes.com 
 “Experience is what you get when you didn’t get what you wanted.” --Randy Pausch
 RT  Presenters attend for FREE. Submit your presentation proposal for the Summer Conference this week. 
 RT  Martin Institute Summer Conference features Bill Nye the Science Guy,  Carol Vukelich, and others. . ...
 Free Apple Education Workshops Hosted by  
  I had similar thoughts.
 Visualization of Honshu Tsunami 
 Professor Uses High-Tech Tools to Make Case for Importance of Reading 
 “When you're screwing up and nobody is saying anything to you anymore that means they gave up.” --Randy Pausch
 Air Force Launches Robotic Space Plane on Mystery Mission - Fox News 
 Flashback: Roller Discos (73/365) 
 Obama Calls for NCLB Changes by September, Warns Against Ed. Cuts - Education Week 
 President Asks Congress to Revamp Education Law by New School Year - The Washington Post 
 President Asks Congress to Revamp Education Law by New School Year - The Washington Post 
 Vi Hart Challenges What We Know about Pi 
 Happy Pi Day. 
 “If a child can't learn the way we teach, maybe we should teach the way they learn.” --Ignacio Estrada
 King for a Moment (72/365) 
 RT  “We have greatly overestimated value of access to info & greatly underestimated value of access to each other - Clay Shirky
 Engadget reports that AT&T will cap DSL and U-Verse internet and impose overage fees 
 More Birthday Cake!!! (71/365) 
 Bill Nye Headlines 2011 Martin Institute Summer Conference 
 The Purpose of Education 
 Screen Time For Kids: Is it Learning or a Brain Drain? 
 Reserve the evening of April 7 for  
 Birthday Cake (70/365) 
 NASA says International Space Station is now 'essentially' complete 
 “A good teacher is like a candle - it consumes itself to light the way for others.” --Unknown
  Really good stuff. Thanks for recommending it, Trevor.
 Reserve your connect.me username  
 “Tell me and I'll forget; show me and I may remember; involve me and I'll understand.” --Chinese Proverb
 RT: Bill Nye the Science Guy to keynote 2011 Martin Institute Summer Conference (June 15-16) 
 InnovatEd is interesting professional development opportunity in Memphis area on evening of 4.7.11 
 Bill Nye the Science Guy to keynote 2011 Martin Institute Summer Conference (June 15-16) 
 “Teachers teach more by what they are than by what they say.” --Unknown
 Father and Son Event 
 Middle School Student Makes Scientific Breakthrough 
 Ustream 2.0 For iPhone Lets You Broadcast And View Live Video All In One App 
 "Good teaching is more a giving of right questions than a giving of right answers." --Josef Albers
 Register Today for Math and Reading Event 
 Bookmarks for 03/05/2011 
 Difference between Good Teachers and Great Ones 
 CrunchEd Productions - Apple Distinguished Educator Tutorials 
 The NCTIES Conference Wiki is full of resources from many of the sessions and workshops.  
  That's 3 great tweets in a row. I can't truly reply to any of them in 140 characters.
 Relaxing (62/365) 
 Join our EduPLN: Together We Learn More 
 21 Things That Will Be Obsolete by 2020 
 Smiley Face?1? (60/365) 
  That's a very good post. Thanks for sharing your story.
 Noticed I've been zooming Word documents to 125% to read them lately. Think it's just a coincidence one of my "big" birthdays is coming up?!
 On FHU's Campus (59/365) 
 What’s getting learned about learning in your classroom? Consider the culture of learning. 
 Photos from last night's Red Sox game at Fenway (207/365)  
 Ritchhart shares a researcher found the ratio of the number of times the term "work" was used in classes vs. "learning" was 48:1. 
 Vygotsky stated that “children grow into the intellectual life around them.” 
 How would you teach math differently if you couldn't give them a test until a year later? --Ron Ritchhart at 
 What do we want the children we teach to be like when they are adults? --Ron Ritchhart at 
 Trying out Google+ app for iPhone.   
 View from Here: Fenway Park (207/365)  
 Photo Essay: Flight to Boston 
 School Snapshots: Forest Park Elementary (203/365) 
