 "Make me an animated video for $5!" IMO, $5 service should take 45 mins or less--some people ask for stuff that takes literally hours.
 I have to stay away from Fiverr unless I get an order--I can't deal with the cheapness of people. "Build me a whole website for $5!"
 greengeekgirl's news-o-rama is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    
 My cats just worked together to kill a bug--the two younger cats trapped it, and now my oldest cat--the Head Cat--is eating it. 
 Going on the offensive. 
  Maybe if you slaughtered them mercilessly you'd have a happy period :D
 Do you think  is a man with no conscience? or just a poor sap who got swept up by the wrong crowd?
 I wonder how  sleeps at night, knowing he's ringleading the circus that will destroy our nation.
 Oh,  You make so many salient points. They're not listening. But I am, truly.
 "So those demanding spending cuts now are like medieval doctors who treated the sick by bleeding them, and thereby made them even sicker."
 Checked out  with  tonight (and met  by chance!)--pretty good night ^_^
   Don't be too jealous--I don't think I was a sparkling personality tonight :D but going to  for real Friday.
  Apologies--I barely even talked to  for awhile because I'm usually internally freaking out in new places :D
  *snickersnort*
 greengeekgirl's news-o-rama is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    
 RT  Have to take a break from the heavy stuff after re- House of Leaves. What are your favorite junk-reads? 
  You do yourself a grave injustice by not thinking logically. Also, I NEVER type "r" for "are." Gross. 
  Stop being partisan and look at the evidence. Look at housing market. Look at financial market. Look at auto market.  
 greengeekgirl's news-o-rama is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    
 The Cult of Done Manifesto: 
 I want a steak like whoa. 
 Oh my--my bead situation has gotten completely screwed up. I know what I'm doing instead of making earrings. 
 It's not Friday anymore, but I've gotta just say that  is a pretty cool chick.   
 Think I might make some earrings tonight with whatever beads I might have left.  If I have any left.
  I feel like.. if we act right toward each other, the philosophy will take care of itself to some extent.
  Yes, just so. And I think behavior is way more significant for our society than philosophy.
  I bring it on myself for calling people out :D I admit that. I try not to being combative about it--but people still hate it.
  It's good to know that there are like-minded people. I've been attacked so many times by libs, by atheists . . . sigh. lol
  Ah (grins) so you know to whom I am referring--although she's not the only one, just the latest one.
  RIGHT! Or they just keep hammering their point about the OTHER people and ignore your comment on THEIR behavior.
  :) .. just hate seeing people in my feed who act just like the people they profess to dislike.
 I respect people who disagree with me as long as they are intellectually honest and morally honest.
 Because I'm realizing more and more that I dislike people who agree with my views even more if they're hypocritical and short-sighted.
 I want a new division: logical or not. Rational or not. Intelligent or purposely ignorant. Thinker or not. Moral or not.
 So, I'm drawing a line in my own personal sand today. I don't care what your politics are, or your religion--I'm not dividing that way.
  Regulation helps the economy by raising consumer confidence. People buy more when they feel goods/services are safer.
 RT  I once told a girl her haircut reminded me of Javier Bardem's in 'No Country For Old Men'. Dating is hard!
  Our current holder doesn't *quite* fit into the rolls, so it falls out all the time. Plus our cats figured out how to get it out.
  (grins) he feels the same way when I don't put the TP on the holder--but the holder is crappy and doesn't roll right so I hate it.
  .... which leads to great frustration when hubs puts things back just any ol' where. 
  I am too with certain things--my craft supplies are one of those things. And my kitchen . . .
  .. Especially if I can find one with larger drawers at the bottom... Genius!
  Ooh, that would be neat for smallwares. I use a toolbox for jewelry but need more for my other crafts. (I'm a craftaholic.)
  Ooh, I've seen those.  I have a desk I'm going to use . . it's old but no sense not using it. Now I just need everything else, ha!
  Ouch :| Did you come across any cool ideas? I'm getting ready to throw together a craft nook :D
  Err. "lol"
  I am totally envious. I have serious organizational issues that are hampered by my husband's cheapness. lo
  I vote. I contribute. And I have issues with some leaders--even Obama. They are not mutually exclusive. Nor should be.
  ... but it felt just as divisive to me, as someone who has genuine concerns about the way our country is run.
  As a lib who is also disappointed with all of our country's leaders, I didn't find it encouraging. I don't bitch at Obama...
  Yes--but aren't they allowed? Even if we don't agree? And is ranting truly encouraging or more of the same complaints?
 I'm sad for people who can't get a sense of perspective.
  "the line must be drawn HERE. Either work productively with those who ARE trying to get liberal policies into LAW, or GTFO."
 Squee, someone featured me in a treasury: Roaring 20's revival  by puikeprent  via 
  I feel it is a dangerous tendency of humans, to try to quell a point of view . . . I think freedom of ideas is most important
  I agree . .  but when I was reading your tweets, it reminded me of the people who say "If you don't like x about US, move!"
  I was reading that they closed it because there wasn't enough interest.  I can't find it on their website easily.
  I understand what you're saying. I'm confused as to why you're bitching about it--I agree, bitching isn't positive.
  You're more than free to feel that way, of course--but I think it's equally Teahadist to say my way or GTFO. This is America.
 I want to move to NYC just so I can vote for Mayor Bloomberg.
  It's too hard! Maybe he could just tilt his head back and pour the wine in.
 So if I am seeing this right.. do we not have a planetarium in Columbus that is open to the public?
  One could always remove the ink cartridge to make it hollow, but I spose it would be easier just to take the pen out of his mouth :D
  Maybe it doubles as a straw?
  Me too, I store it there when I'm not actively using it.
  HAHAHA that is a hilarious photo--the things photographers make you do to look "sexy" is more often funny.
  ..... and I just realized that he looks a lot like my husband would look with some styling and a beard. lol
  Oh yeah :D My current fav sexy chef is this guy: 
  Oh, not for me . . . :D I'm a science geek, but I'm a food geek more.  I only like real chefs though.. not the fake celeb chefs.
  Physicists are definitely damn sexy.
 It's official: I find chefs sexier than rock stars.
 RT  I'm off to bed  *PLEASE RT* this tweet to help me win a walk-on role on Falling Skies. Still in 3rd place  ...
 greengeekgirl's news-o-rama is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    
  That's an interesting concept--Indian eatery AND bakery?
 Man, I am in serious need of some Indian food, like, soon.  Very soon.  Very, very soon.
 RT   to Tell  to  More Failed Spending Cuts is Not  Rt   
 Making a midnight squash dinner with rice, beans, corn, tomatoes, et cetera.
 RT  RT  RT  Boehner plan dies 59-41 
 RT  Putting out the feelers for some new  material--new authors, debut authors, little-known gems. Tweet me your  ...
 RT  if you know a child that's being abused or you're being abused yourself call the national child abuse hotline at 1-8 ...
 Was idly rattling my tin of nuts--looked up, and I was surrounded by three cats wanting treats.
 One awesome thing about being me: I never have the morbid curiosity to look up gross internet things. My psyche is free of girls, cups, etc.
 I can't stop eating cashews today. Mmm.
  Knitting's pretty easy :D but I've been crocheting since I was a kid so it wasn't too different.
  What kind of crafting do you do? ^_^
  I'm also on a shoestring budget :D anything I can make or repurpose from cheap is good
  It's what is supposed to be our living room.. but we're using the dining room for the living room.  Decent-sized square space
  Thank you kindly :D this is the first time I've ever really created a space... on purpose, not just stuff ending up wherever.
  All kinds ^_^ I knit, make jewelry.. getting ready to haul out my sewing machine... mostly looking for inspiration
   I tweeted asking if anybody had any cool organizing ideas for craft rooms/nooks.
 I need a good system of organization for my craft area. Oh, possibilities. Anybody have any awesome ideas used in their craft areas?
   lolRush.
  Right? And the humidity doesn't make it any better, heh. Even at just 50% humidity it's been feeling like death.
 Think I'll work on organizing my craft area today.  G-3 is gonna take up sewing!
 Yay, rain!
 RT  RT  Play nice. Not just because it feels good, but because cooperation is the key to human survival. -SR
 greengeekgirl's news-o-rama is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    
  Whaaaaaaaaaat.  
  Ughhh I know. I especially noticed that when I went to buy some cheese. It was even store brand cheese, still four bucks.
 RT  Science is humble. It knows what it knows, and it knows what it doesn't know. - Ricky Gervais   
  I did get a fair amount of food.. but I remember when that much food used to cost $30 less, heh.
 I really should make some dinner with all that food I bought but um.. I'm tired. 
  You got that right, friend. I'm sure all of those "Ooh, olives would be great in this!" type additions add up.
 RT   Yep, I hear ya. Look at it this way: You are saving the costs of hypertension, diabetes, cancer, etc down t ...
 . Hmm that's true. Perspective!
  I do have some recipes lurking around :D what kind of food do you like? Or, want to be able to cook, I guess.
  He does only spend about $10 a week--and eats salmon and rice all the time ;)
  It is . . . it just irritates the heck out of me that if I want to eat in a way that doesn't kill me, it costs 2x as much.
  I love all kinds of cooking. Indian food is like crack to me . . . but I tend toward Mediterranean and Mexican-inspired.
  Oh, I know what you mean.  We have some bike lanes here in Columbus but... it's still dicey.
  Yes! I love having the skyline in the distance.
  Oh my... I LOVE honey and bread.  I also dig that crunchy honey sensation.
  Cos I save money on meat but then turn around and spend it buying nuts, lol.
  I have yet to go to Anderson's though . .  I need to check it out still.
  I like to live in the city proper--near downtown--but all of the yuppie/hippie stores are on the outskirts, sigh.
 Also? I have hated grape juice for years, and I suddenly had the overwhelming urge to purchase it today. 
  I need a lot of protein . . . I need to find more sources for nuts so I can spend less on them, that's one of my problems.
  The Kroger by me is comparable to Whole Foods for conventional produce--if you shop the sales, it's cheaper.
  Yeah, I can get there on public transpo, but it'll take half a day :| All the stores like that are in the burbs.
  Hubs is weird and doesn't like Cheerios :| (Yeah, I dunno either.)  The kind he likes is granola with actual chocolate chunks.
  Trader Joe's is wicked far from me.. heh.. the car I'm borrowing is on its last legs so I don't go far :D
  And they wonder why there's an obesity epidemic and our kids are getting type II diabetes...
  I'm not a vegetarian, although I eat veggie a lot. I don't buy any fancy vegetarian food though.. just ingredients.
  (grins) hubs likes the Cascadian Farms dark chocolate almond cereal. Didn't buy any this week, but usually do.
  I love cheese, too--almost never buy the good stuff because it's $$$. My favorite is Fromage D'Affinois brie :D
 I can't seem to cut my grocery bill down at all UNLESS I go shopping at Wal-Mart, which I don't want to do. Or unless I eat like crap.
 Why, oh why, did I have to spend $91 for ONE WEEK'S of groceries when I could have bought enough processed food for two weeks for the same?
 I bought fresh vegetables. Fruits. Store-brand pasta.  Store-brand everything. I'm only buying for two--granted, hubs takes his lunch.
 Okay, here's a mini grocery-rant.  Went grocery shopping.  Spent $91, at Kroger. Didn't buy meat. Didn't buy anything fancy.
  I spent $91--granted, I can't afford to spend that much at Whole Foods, but I wish :D it's still too much for what I got.
 RT  "Make no mistake, collective bargaining is really really really important." - Steve Earle
 Damn, I really should go grocery shopping tonight.
 RT  How many of these GOP'ers screaming & trying 2 hold America hostage actually caused the situation by voting 4 Bush's wars &  ...
 Skype is being a total twatwad today.
 The irony of the problems of big government. 
 Arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgh. It is a day of great frustration.
  I was asleep.  Oh, how I slept--for a few moments at a time, until repeatedly woken by husband.
 Smoke em if you got em.
 greengeekgirl's news-o-rama is out!  ▸ Top stories today via   
  She's one of my idols.. *sigh* I hope I did not upset her somehow.
  I dunno.. I was following her, then I said "I really love your show" and then I was blocked.. an accident maybe?
 Tell Obama to invoke the 14th Amendment and end the  crisis: 
 RT  We need to stop the debt ceiling nonsense and get back to creating jobs, schools and roads for Afghanistan.
  Your tweets make me sad.  blocked me and I don't have any idea why--I was always nice :\
 You know why you need to   Because they can't get richer if the economy keeps shrinking.
 RT  Round-Up: Book Swag (Etsy treasury!) 
  Awesome. 
 RT   Sorry to hear that. Fiscal policy is important, but can be dry sometimes. Here's something more fun:  ...
 Breaks my heart. : The Teen Suicide Epidemic in Michele Bachmann's District  via 
 Best episode of Northern Exposure ever.  "It's not the thing you fling, it's the fling itself."
  It's even worse when they type "nomz." (gnash teeth)   
 Wow, I'm really surprised what people are requesting on Fiverr.com.  "professionally design my business identity"? Get what you pay for....
  Yes--someone on Google+ said it was there.. a little blue and white shack near a Kroger? Boo :(
  My hair is VERY forgiving--maybe because it's thick and curly/wavy? harder to tell if I didn't get it totally even :D
  Finally! (Er, well, I would be happier if I weren't prone to cutting my own hair, haha.)
  Let me know if you spy something! I'm getting closer and closer to snow cone/shaved ice goodness.
 It's great when a restaurant makes real food, but you don't miss it too much if you make real food at home ^_^
 Kind of sad for people who are amazed because a place serves REAL mashed potatoes--like they haven't had REAL ones in years.
 RT  No u won't post ads on my page. Not unless I can get paid too
 I have gotten a tip on a snow cone shack in Hilliard, yessssssssss.
      I haven't been, either.
 greengeekgirl's news-o-rama is out!  ▸ Top stories today via   
   Because Twitter claims that it censors--"culls"--four-letter words.  And fuck that.
      I'm flexible, but broke. lol
  Fucking fuck a bunch of fucking culling.
 RT  Message to the rich: don't want to pay taxes?  Sell off your gold before it is too late. Start buying stuff. Stimulate  ...
 From ABC: "Twitter does cull four-letter words from the site when it catches them".  What? Fuck that.
  Oh yeah, Jeni's is incredible.
  I'm considering it, lol.  But I'd rather have a large flavor selection :(
 Why do I not know where to get a snow cone in Columbus?
 Today has not been as awesome as I planned.
 Re-sharing because I've gotten a lot of good responses to this: On suicide.: 
 RT  "When I give food to the poor, they call me a saint. When I ask why are they poor, they call me a Communist." ~Archbi ...
 greengeekgirl's news-o-rama is out!  ▸ Top stories today via   
 Goodnight, Twitterverse.
 Btw, who won on  today? I totes did:  (and any artists who save themselves getting ripped off, of course).
  Nice! maybe. I have uh.. weirdness about touching old books. Unreasonable weirdness but I can't shake it.
 Having thought it over carefully, I've decided on the cyborg wrists and various other robot parts.
  Forgive my ignorance--what is Pulpfest?
 I need some ergonomic scissors.  Or cyborg wrists.
  I love vintage books but I have weirdness about touching old books.. I'm more of an admirer from afar.
  NICE. I bought an old pulp erotica from The Garden.. forget the name though :\
 Other titles I'm working on tonight: Nautipuss, Gang Girl Sex Bum, Freaks, and Insatiable. Oh, and Registered Nympho. Ready in a few days.
  my pleasure:  I'm making more for the vintage erotica/pulp section.
 The title is "For Your Sighs Only."  It's a spy novel.  A sexy spy novel.
 Speaking of sexy tweets...  I accidentally got a crease in one of my pictures of vintage erotica novels for my etsy store :(
 It's the hour of the evening when I accidentally send sexy tweets because I skip whole words. Aka: Best time to follow me.
 My Twitter powers are fading--a combination of the late hour and POLITICAL RAGE.
  Sorry, did I leave out the word "social"? it's late :D  
  Cough.. in the form of alcohol, naturally.   
   Yes.  Luckily I had my hubs, he's a dream. And now I know you lovely ladies :D
     We're going to need lots of lubricant for this meetup :D
 While there are cool people all over the place who use Twitter, I'm hard-pressed to think of a cooler bunch than the Columbus ladies.
   Yes, this exactly. Plus I was in California and didn't have friends out there like I had here before I moved.
  a birthday!!!!!! it sounds like you're having a happy one :D I'm glad
   I also have a tendency to tell extremely personal and revealing details about myself.
  Sigh.  I'll start gathering materials for the still. Or we could do like they do in prison I guess?
   I'm always free, as  knows :D although some weeks I have more social anxiety than others..
   Yay, meet me!
  Pretty soon, we'll all be too poor for the bar if the teafuckers get their way :|
