 Congrats to my sis! Former Mona Shores principal set to take over North Muskegon middle and high schools | MLive.com 
 Doctor Oz Fans?  Check out the last video.  Did you know this? 
 What if it is a miracle product? You owe it to yourself to find out.. 
 If you know an athlete, you might want to share this.  Check out Dr. Oz video.  
 Any Health Challenge, Slow the Aging Process, An Athlete?  Crazy not to try for 30 day empty bottle money back guarantee. 
 Could be The Greatest Scientific Breakthrough in our Lifetime.  And now you know. .
 Athletes check out this video?  This guy crashed really bad! 
 21 months since I have been using this!  Drinking AND Spraying!  No More stiff and sore joints!  Sun-spots GONE! 
 Love it! Just took a shot and now off for Sushi!  
 Off to teach the 4 yr olds!  Thank goodness I have my signaling molecules to keep me moving! 
 I'm showing you an Opportunity to change your life, that is if you want to? Been sharing this for 20months now. It works! 
 Extremely productive call with marketing team! Lots of changes to my site, writing newsletter and new video shoot today! 
 Junior Golf Summer Camp starts today!  50 kids in 2 hours! Ages 4-12. Safety First! Thank goodness for ASEA! 
 Happy Friday all! My Gift to you.  FREE trial of ASEA. Want to feel better or have more energy? 
 Wish us luck!  Lauren and I are off to our first US Kids event for the season!  10yr old division!
 More energy, Crazy Quick Recovery AND Legal!  Free trial. 
 Interesting!  I have ladies on the European Golf Tour inquiring about ASEA.  But not the LPGA? Watch the video. 
 Love the new changes!  Any sports injuries or health challenges? 
 What a perfect day!  Golf lessons, playing golf and my favorite, the Memorial Tourney! 
 THE Greatest Scientific, Medical, Performance AND Endurance Breakthrough of our Generation! 
 Happy Friday!       
 Off to a playing lesson with my super star 10 year old student. Spectacular day in Vegas! 
 Watch the video.  Now you ready to try the Greatest Scientific, Medical and Performance Breakthrough of our time?
 Super huge news today from My EEG report. If you are an athlete, this IS your Edge! And Legal! Watch video! 
 Welcome to Redox Signaling Molecules in a bottle! NOTHING is IMPOSSIBLE! 
  Why the doctors?  What's wrong? Where are you?
 Off to the Lesson tee for the day! It's absolutely spectacular in Vegas! And OMG-NO WIND!
 Just bought the domain  Love this video!
 Starting to make plans for Italy.  Why, here's a hint. Golf and 
 Car Addicts. What kind of car is in this video? 
 Looking for a tour player from each tour and a caddie that would like to put ASEA to the test. 
 Improve focus, mental clarity, increase endurance, less soreness, sleep better, more energy! Watch the video!...: 
 The wind in Vegas is down right scary! Good thing I have my beagles to protect me! 
 RT  Canadian Female golfer Isabelle Beisiegel first women to earn status on a men's tour through Q-School on Canadian Tour  ...
 RT  Brent Kelley talks about Isabelle Beisiegel-1st female to earn status on all-male  tour: 
 RT  If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
 Here's the Hawaii golf radio show I was on this morning.  Talking Golf and Wellness.   More info 
 Now that was fun!  I've never been on a radio show before!  I'm ready for another. 
 On the air at the top of the hour. Talking golf and wellness. ALOHA! 
 Slow the aging process with the Emerging Science of Redox Signaling. Saturday 8am Pacific. 605.475.4376 Pin 86531 
 I'll be on the Hawaii Golf Radio show tomorrow morning, Saturday, 10am Pacific Hope you can listen in.  
 I'll be on the Hawaii Golf Radio Show with Danielle Tucker, this Saturday!  Guests include Teaching Professional Kr…
 New video added.  What kind of car is in this video? 
 Look at what I'll be doing for Memorial Day Weekend. 
 Increase endurance AND quicker recovery! Try 4 ASEA sport pouches for only $10 (shipping) 
 Increase your endurance 12% or more – even up to 30%! 
 San Antonio golf event Next weekend. 
 $48 for a Golf Discount Card from San Antonio Tour Card  - $99 Value -  
 Big day. US Kids golf rules clinic, First Tee party and then heart breaking finish for David Thoms
 Wow! What a tournament!
 Make a note. My Las Vegas Golf Lesson Groupon Hits May 22nd.  Good for one year!
 Preparing for US Kids Golf tour for my students. Off to a Rules Clinic
 RT  Happy 51st birthday to 
 Crazy windy in Vegas today!
 Women's golf clinic tonight! The vegas weather is perfect!
 "The height of foolishness is to discard an idea without proper investigation" Benjamin Franklin  
 I'll be on live tonight. 6:30pm Pacific, 9:30pm with my ASEA testimonial.  Hear about Redox Signaling 712-432-0075 pin 409104
 Heard of ASEA? The World's First REDOX Signaling Molecule product. 
 I love this new Video.  Opens with Great Quotes! 
 I love this new video! 
 Want to try ASEA? 
 I'm looking for a player on each Tour that would like to Try ASEA. Senior, LPGA and PGA. 
 Beautiful day in Vegas! Great day to teach golf!
 Know Any golfers in San Antonio?  Check out the SA Tour Card.  Discount only with this link 
 I'll be speaking at the Stirling club in Vegas tonight if you want to learn more about ASEA. Message me for details…
 Hopefully no wind in Vegas tomorrow. Makes for a rough day of teaching!
 Sore joints or sun-damage?  Check out my blog. 
 Anyone in the San Antonio Area? I'll be there for Memorial Day weekend giving private golf lessons and group clinics. …
 Athletes: Check out my newest blog post. 
  Athletes - What to expect from ASEA All Athletes receive incredible benefits from ASEA! Increase in endurance
 Here's my first blog post to my HealthySports site. 
 Just did my first blog post on my golf site. 
 My site just launched!  I'm sure we will have changes and lots more content.. Lots of exciting things in the works! 
 I subscribed to ASEATeamRedox's channel on YouTube. 
 Know anyone that is stiff and sore or poor energy?  TRY now!  Life Changing for me! 
 Anyone have nerves on the golf course?  Amazing things happening! Crazy not to TRY! 
 MASSIVE BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY and I'm looking for leaders! 
 The quality of your life is determined by the health of your cells! 
 I guarantee you will increase your endurance and have a quicker recovery period!  And Legal.  Want to try? 
 Increase your energy and better focus on the golf course!  Try it!!! 
 Increase your energy and better focus on the golf course!  Try it!!! 
 I guarantee you will increase your endurance and have a quicker recovery period!  And Legal.  Want to try? 
 I guarantee you will increase your endurance and have a quicker recovery period!  And Legal.  Want to try? 
 Increase your energy and better focus on the golf course!  Try it!!! 
 Increase your energy and better focus on the golf course!  Try it!!! 
 I guarantee you will increase your endurance and have a quicker recovery period!  And Legal.  Want to try? 
 I guarantee you will increase your endurance and have a quicker recovery period!  And Legal.  Want to try? 
 Wellness - Athletes listen to MY Live Testimonial tonight 6:30P 9:30E 712-432-0075 pin 409104  
 Wellness - athletes listen to MY Live Testimonial tonight 6:30P 9:30E 712-432-0075 pin 409104  
 Why I feel the best ever! Guarantee you know someone that can relate! 
 Every GOLF PRO can relate 
 Do you know anyone that can relate? 
 Why I feel the best ever! Guarantee you know someone that can relate! 
 Just heard another awesome testimonial from an HP!! 
 Every GOLF PRO can relate 
 Do you know anyone that can relate? 
 Every GOLF PRO can relate 
 Just heard another awesome testimonial from an HP!! 
 Why I feel the best ever! Guarantee you know someone that can relate! 
 Every GOLF PRO can relate 
 Why I feel the best ever! Guarantee you know someone that can relate! 
 Just heard another awesome testimonial from an HP!! 
 Do you know anyone that can relate? 
 Every GOLF PRO can relate 
 Why I feel the best ever! Guarantee you know someone that can relate! 
 Just heard another awesome testimonial from an HP!! 
 Do you know anyone that can relate? 
 Why I feel the best ever! Guarantee you know someone that can relate! 
 Every GOLF PRO can relate 
 Do you know anyone that can relate? 
 Just heard another awesome testimonial from an HP!! 
 Just heard another awesome testimonial from an HP!! 
 Every GOLF PRO can relate 
 Why I feel the best ever! Guarantee you know someone that can relate! 
 Do you know anyone that can relate? 
 Why I feel the best ever! Guarantee you know someone that can relate! 
 Every GOLF PRO can relate 
 Watch My Friend Miss Michigan on ABC at Miss America Pageant Saturday night She could be! Video I shot for talent  
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Miss Michigan Katie LaRoche is the winner of the 2011 Qua... 
 Watch My Friend Miss Michigan on ABC at Miss America Pageant Saturday night She could be! Video I shot for talent  
 Watch My Friend Miss Michigan on ABC at Miss America Pageant Saturday night She could be! Here's her talent video 
 I liked a YouTube video -- Miss Michigan Katie LaRoche is the winner of the 2011 Qualit... 
 Sorry for the Horrible Recording!  We were so Excited!!! I'm glad I can share... (YouTube )
 Ich habe ein YouTube-Video zu meinen Favoriten hinzugefügt. -- My Passion for ASEA 
 Film wideo w YouTube został przeze mnie dodany do ulubionych -- Asea - Reactive Molecu... 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Katie LaRoche Miss Michigan at Miss America 2011 on Human... 
 Miss Michigan at Miss America Talent Performance 
 Vote for Miss Michigan in Miss America Pageant 
 I liked a YouTube video -- Vote for Miss Michigan 2010 Katie LaRoche 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Miss Michigan Katie LaRoche Performs at Miss America Pageant 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- Miss Michigan Katie LaRoche Performs at Miss America Pag... 
 I liked a YouTube video -- Miss Michigan Katie LaRoche Performs at Miss America Pageant 
 This WAS the BEST Performance tonight!  I'm shocked YOU didn't win tonight.  ... (YouTube )
 This WAS the BEST Performance tonight!  I'm shocked she didn't win!! YOU ARE ... (YouTube )
 Please vote for my friend Miss Michigan Her Non Profit - Human Trafficking 
 I TOOK THIS PIC OF NAT AND DUSTIN!  ANYONE KNOW HOW I CAN GET SOME RECOGNITION? 
 Dark and dreary morning in Vegas.
 Please vote for my friend Miss Michigan Her Non Profit - Human Trafficking 
 I TOOK THIS PIC OF NAT AND DUSTIN!  ANYONE KNOW HOW I CAN GET SOME RECOGNITION? 
 I so miss Kapalua. Maybe teach there again?
 If we don't start, it's certain we can't arrive. - Zig Ziglar 
 RT  RT  Graeme McDowell now has 10 birdies through 15 holes. Dude is gonna party like it's 2010.
 A decision without a deadline is a meaningless discussion. Zig Ziglar 
 Be HELPFUL! When you see a person without a smile, give him yours. - Zig Ziglar 
 The choice to have a great attitude is something nobody or no circumstance can take from you. Zig Ziglar 
 Please vote for my friend Miss Michigan Her Non Profit - Human Trafficking 
 Sometimes adversity is what you need to face in order to become successful ~ Zig Ziglar 
 Timid salesmen have skinny kids. -Zig Ziglar 
  I am now :-)
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- My Beagles are  ASEA Users - Kristin Sunderhaft - Golf Pro 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- My Beagles are  ASEA Users 
 I liked a YouTube video -- My Beagles are  ASEA Users 
 Listening to a Great Webinar!  Off to a fantastic start of the new year! You ready to partner up? 
 Off to help dad with is golf game! He's a USER too and having incredible results at the gym! 
 Just had a Great workout at the gym!  I could stay all day! Fortunately I know I won't be in pain tomorrow! 
  I will mail Geoff a bottle of ASEA Drink and spray on finger I know it will help! 
 Please LIKE and RT Miss Michigan video RT 
 Please LIKE and RT Miss Michigan video RT 
 Please LIKE and RT Miss Michigan video RT 
 Please LIKE and RT Miss Michigan video RT 
 Please LIKE and RT Miss Michigan video RT 
 Please LIKE and RT Miss Michigan video RT 
 Please LIKE and RT Miss Michigan video 
 Please LIKE Miss Michigan video RT 
 I liked a YouTube video -- Vote for Miss Michigan 2010 Katie LaRoche 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- Seth Godin: Sliced bread and other marketing delights 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- Benefit of ASEA for all Animals.wmv 
 I liked a YouTube video -- Benefit of ASEA for all Animals.wmv 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Healthy Sports 
 RT  Hello Twitter World I'm here....My first shout out!!! Looking for some followers to share with!
 Check out 
 Any of you athletes want to increase their endurance, not crash on the back 9 and have better focus? 
 Changed my website.  Know anyone that can relate? 
 Have you tried yet?  Crazy not to! 
 All Athletes Must See 
 Http://healthysports.com
 Happy with my new website, getting traffic & FINALLY not getting ripped off!  Lesson site soon
 My new website 
 My new website 
 Who would like a copy of my newsletter? If you haven't received one in the past, what's your email address? You can email it to me....
 YouTube Video contest Click and then RT please 
 Please click Watch Powerlifter lift 651 lbs 
 He marcado un vídeo como favorito en YouTube. -- GaryFerstler 
 I subscribed to ASEAcontest's channel on YouTube. 
 Any athletes want to lift more? Might want to watch this. 
 Check this video out -- ASEA lifts Powerlifter to World Champion  via 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- ASEA lifts Powerlifter to World Champion 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Gary Ferstler - ASEA lifts Powerlifter to World Champion 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Gary 
 AWESOME!  Great job Kim!  I will see you there! How's your golf game? :-) Pas... (YouTube )
 Can anyone relate to this video? 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Powerlifter Gary "One Time" Fistler and ASEA 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- Powerlifter Gary "One Time" Fistler and ASEA 
 Can anyone relate? If you can, please RT 
 Why do I have passion for golf and 
 Why do I have passion for 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- My Passion for ASEA 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- My Passion for ASEA 
 ATHLETES: Can you relate to my personal corp video? 
 Athletes: Did you see this yet.  Yes, it's me! 
 Athletes: want an increase in endurance & quicker recovery period?  Watch my video. 
 Know anyone that can Relate to this video? Http://sundergolf.sendvideo.net
 Updated it again! How many athletes can relate to what I have experienced? 
 I liked a YouTube video -- ASEA Stories: Kristin Sunderhaft 
 Kristin Sunderhaft Blog 
 Here's my corporate video! Please RT to all athletes 
 Here you go!!! MY ASEA CORPORATE VIDEO IS UP! Now r u ready to try for 30day money back guarantee 
 Congrats to Greg! 211 balls in an hr, over 300yds! Here r the numbers! 
 Just broke 200! 
 Only 30 minutes to go and going strong! 
  Steve Sands & LPGA teaching pro in Vegas at Wendys 3 Tour 
  likes it!  Please RT 
 Pic with Butch Harmon in Vegas at Wendy's 3 Tour 
  I have a couple more if that's ok?
  teeing off  at Rio Secco in Vegas at Wendy's 3 Tour Challenge 
 Great approach  on 10 at Secco in Wendys 3 Tour today 
  loving her outfit at Wendys 3 tour in Vegas 
 Bubba Watson showing off at Wendy's 3 Tour in Vegas! 
 Cleaning out the garage & selling new US Kids clubs for $20 ea. Anyone in Henderson or LV interested.  Have Orange, Green & Blue righty's
 Want to increase clubhead speed & distance? Use code 10172 for FREE RUSH SHIPPING 
 VEGAS: ASEA presentation tomorrow Wednesday.  Every athlete in the world WILL BE disadvantaged if not taking ASEA! 
 Norway, Golf Tip, ASEA Athlete, Long Drive, Training Aid, Mo...  via 
 Who wants a copy of my newsletter?
 Want to increase clubhead speed & distance? Use code 10172 for FREE RUSH SHIPPING 
 Vote for Cameron's costume! I want to see his pic during game 3 of WS! He should win! 
 Vote for Cameron at the  
 Please RT Vote for Cameron's costume! I want to see his pic during game 3 of WS! He should win! 
 It is time for me to back away from this addicting computer and go to bed! Giving Several golf lessons tomorrow with perfect Vegas weather!
 Not one pill in my mouth in over a year! No more "stiffage", sleep great & more energy!! 
 Why do I feel the best EVER & not one pill in my mouth in over a year? Http://sundergolf.sendvideo.net
 Just Heard another testimonial regarding ASEA, from a broker friend, He Can't believe how Calm he is! Http://sundergolf.sendvideo.net
 Athletes: want to increase ur endurance & have a quicker recovery period? Of course! With something  legal! Http://sundergolf.sendvideo.net
 Why ASEA? Listen to Dr Carpenter tonight at 6:30p or 9:30e 7124320075 pin409104 and get back to me 
 Teeing it up at Tuscany in Vegas tomorrow for a students Bday, sure hope the winds die down! Good thing I practiced knockdowns today!
 Perfect day to give golf lessons in Vegas! Who wants one?
 Survived the ASEA athlete video shoot! Corporate might have done this week!
 Just added myself to the  twitter directory under:       
 anyone know why my name and profile are not found when doing a search on my name. How do I fix that?
 US national swimmer dies in overseas race - Yahoo! Sports 
 RT  Inkster can become the oldest winner in Tour history today at 50 years and four months of age...
 Nervous about tomorrow mornings ASEA video shoot!
 Extremely productive day! Off to hit some balls and help a friend prepare for a tourney.
 ATHLETES: Want to increase endurance and quicker recovery period? Try ASEA, 30 day money back guarantee! 
 Great golf peeps to follow       
 RT  John Daly has Facebook, Twitter, email hacked  
 Absolutely spectacular day in Vegas! Hopefully same for ASEA athlete video shoot in morning!
  I'm here to help!
 RT  Other people's opinion of you does not have to become your reality.
 RT  Are you BEHAVING? "Behavior is controlled by the consequence or response it receives."~Ken Blanchard. See you here: ...
 RT  USA Today: Australian golfer arrested in Japan: Australian professional golfer Wayne Perske wa...  ...
 RT  Three area pros advance in PGA Tour Q-school 
 RT  Here's a picture of me with Daly and my winning team at ... on Twitpic  via 
 Justin Timberlake tourney in Vegas Saturday tee times 
 Omg! Learning this social media stuff is very time consuming! Was there a baseball game on?
 RT  The Starter: Round 3, Justin Timberlake Shriners Hospitals  
 RT  RT  Oh Yankees fans...you make me giggle!! And please stop with the "27 titles" 90 percent of you weren't ...
 RT  Check out Daughtry in Vegas! 
 Must be time for bed. Beagles are snoring away!
 RT  A redeye cinnabun is ok, right? What's 15,000 calories after 11pm?  Friday. Cheat day. C'mon, I just got a flu shot about 1 ...
  Cracking me up!
  bummer i was going to meet you at YH but i'm in Vegas!
 Kristin Sunderhaft Las Vegas Golf Instruction 
 Kristinsunderhaft's Blog | LPGA Teaching Professional and ASEA Distributor 
 LPGA Golf Lessons in Las Vegas and ASEA 
 Kristinsunderhaft& Blog | Just another WordPress.com weblog 
 Check out the very rough draft of the blog I threw together tonight.  No critiquing, I have changes to be made. 
 ASEA ATHLETE and LPGA Teaching Professional, Kristin Sunderhaft « Healthy Cells 4 U  via 
 Please help ASAP! Donation contest for YMCA.  I Need to raise within 12 hrs. Any amount is extremely appreciated.  Tha…
 Please help ASAP! Need immediate donation for YMCA contest.  Must raise within 12 hrs. Any amount is extremely appreciated. Thank you so mu…
 Know anyone that would like better health?  Seeking distributors in the US and Canada with this Scientific Breakthroug…
 Check out my ASEA video presentation.  The Science, The Athletes and The Leaders 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- The Science behind ASEA 
 ATHLETES: A product that's native to your body, increases endurance and also a quicker recovery period and wait!  No W…
 Check out my updated Personalized Video website. "ASEA Athlete" 
 I'm an ASEA athlete See what that means...
 Check out my new video website. 
 Please review my personalized video's I put together for you.   
 very new to linkedin... learning curve....
 Wow! check it out what a powerful new marketing tool! I'm an "ASEA Athlete!" I'm not used to this celebrity status!  A…
 YouTube -  LPGA Golf Pro ASEA Testimonial 
 I uploaded a YouTube video --  LPGA Golf Pro ASEA Testimonial 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- First golf lesson ever with zero athletic talent! 
 I subscribed to ASEAvideo's channel on YouTube. 
 I liked a YouTube video -- ASEA: Outperform Yourself! 
 Ryan, I don't care if you delete me on Facebook! Just to clarify, when some e... (YouTube )
 Ryan,  I don't care if you delete me on Facebook! Just to clarify,  when some... (YouTube )
 WOW!  Love it!  GOOSE-BUMPS!  (YouTube )
 I liked a YouTube video -- ASEA - It Begins! 
 Improve your putting?  Highly recommend! On Amazon: 'RoboCup and Caddy Cord Set' by Fine Tune Golf for $59.94 
 Las Vegas Golf Lessons 
 YouTube - Maui Golf Vacation 
 Maui Golf Vacation 2011 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Maui Golf Vacation 
 Facebook | Kristin Sunderhaft 
 Maui Golf Vacation 2011 
 Maui Golf Vacation 2011: Maui Golf Vacation 
 Maui Golf Vacation 
 Maui Golf Vacation 2011 
 Kristin Sunderhaft Golf | Professional Golf Instruction in Las Vegas and Beyond 
 maui-golf-vacation-2011.blogspot.com from blogspot.com - StumbleUpon 
 Maui Golf Vacation 2011 
 Maui Golf Vacation 2011 
 Facebook | Kristin Sunderhaft 
 ASEA SCAM 
 Maui Golf Vacation 2011 
 Expedia Discount Cruise 
 Maui Golf Vacation changed to January 8 - 15, 2011.  
 Online shopping for Sports & Outdoors at Amazon.com These balance discs are GREAT for golf! 
 Just updated my blog with a few golf fitness aids. 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- The Women's Tee 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Student Iron analysis 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Student Driver analysis 
 It's YOUR health! Watch Now  then 
 Need help on your short game? 
 ASEA Advancing Life 
 ASEA Advancing Life 
 Updates to my Blog. IT WORKS! Chrone's, Burns, Cancer, BP, Cholesterol,  Diabetes 
 New video on my blog with mentions of Tiger 
 Check this video out -- ASEA and LPGA Teaching Pro, Kristin Sunderhaft 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- ASEA Golf Professional testimonial 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- ASEA Golf Professional testimonial 
 Love it! 
 Looking to supplement your income?  Incredible wellness & fitness product that works for me & so many! 
 ASEA Advancing Life 
 ASEA Advancing Life 
 Updated my ASEA blog - Fun reading - ALOHA 
 ASEA Advancing Life 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Future LPGA Tour player, 8 yr. old Lauren, Golf Swing video analysis 
 Maui Golf Vacation is official! You want to join me? 
  You need ASEA Lance! :) Crazy stuff! 
  After teeing up thousands of golf balls for me & students Lower back & joint issues 4 me R Gone 
 Golfers: LPGA pro & Works 4 me!  Immediately improve strength, flexibility, endurance, balance & health! 
 I subscribed to ASEAvideo's channel on YouTube 
 Join me in June for an amazing ALOHA experience! 
 My personal recommendations for golf products and training aids Great V-Day gifts!  
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Golf Lesson Analysis 
 Updated my Golf Shopping site with training aids 
 I think this is pretty cool, if you are into Facebook 
 I'm looking forward to the Olympics!  Check out this cute video! 
 WANT More FANS on Facebook? Check it out... 
 RT  Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure - Maryanne Willi ...
 Wow!  Lots of work on my Golf Store today.  More organized! 
 WANT More FANS on Facebook? Check it out... 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- Amend_Debbie_1.avi 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- NEW E*TRADE Baby Outtakes 
 Check this Video Out.  Love the E*TRADE Baby Outtakes 
 Womens Golf Store - Quick and Easy Shopping 
 Womens Golf Store - Quick and Easy Shopping 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- Welcome to my Golf Store 
 Check this video out -- Welcome to my Golf Store 
 Womens Golf Store - Quick and Easy Shopping 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Welcome to my Golf Store 
 Updates to my Golf Store: 
 Updates to my WomensGolfStore 
 Meeting the President of ASEA, Jim Pack, in a few minutes  What an incredibly nice guy! Great Golfer, too! 
 Updates to my Womens Golf Store.  
 I favorited a YouTube video -- Amazing Grace in Savannah, GA 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Amazing Grace in Savannah, GA 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- Vegas Snow January 22, 2010 
 YouTube - Vegas Snow January 22, 2010 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Vegas Snow January 22, 2010 
 Being an LPGA teaching pro, check out products I recommend  
 I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Thanks for playing Big... Live Big January 2010 
 Womens Golf Store 
 Pain Sick Athlete Energy cell activator now 6pm west what r u waiting for 530-206-4273.  55295
 ASEA Like Me, I was Skeptical Call 6pm,west tonight. 530.206.4273, 55295  
 Suppose you had a Kindle! How cool you would be! 
 Huge workout yesterday and ZERO aches today! 
 All systems are GO and Iduplicate is now LIVE! Bonus TODAY! 
 Small Kindle or Big Kindle: Small 6" Kindle or Big 9.7" Kindle 
 Learn Probate? Contact me. sundergolf
 Just suppose you had a Kindle! 
 Check this video out -- The Vegas Beagles 
 Learn the Secrets to Ultimate Success 
 Direct Link to the Little Kindle and Big Kindle 
 Small Kindle or Big Kindle 
 Anyone know why my name Kristin Sunderhaft or even ksunderhaft don't appear when doing search on twitter? Do i need to start over?
 My Golf Store! 
 Check out 'Kindle Wireless Reading Device (6" Display, Global Wireless, Latest Generation)' by Amazon.com 
 NO MORE PAIN!  Thank u ASEA! Http://www.sundergolf.teamasea.com
   Wow!  I'm completely shocked!
 Learn The Secrets to Ultimate Success! 
 Facebook | Kristin Sunderhaft 
 Too Cute! (YouTube )
 I favorited a YouTube video -- The Vegas Beagles 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Untitled 
 Love it! World Class Internet Training 
 Asea Advancing Life 
 Join me for Stephens webinar 
 Iduplicate Success 
 McDonald's and Internet Marketing [...huh?] 
 Love it!  World Class Internet Training Platform 
 I subscribed to RingerDaMan's channel on YouTube 
 Check this video out -- 3 Important Questions To Ask Yourself That Will Change Your life 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- Time To Say Goodbye Andrea Bocelli and Sarah Brightman.flv 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- Andrea Bocelli & Sarah Brightman - Time To Say Goodbye 
 Facebook | Kristin Sunderhaft 
 Market your product in SPANISH!  Eliminate competition and gain huge profits.  
 Kindle 
 Congrats to my sis! Former Mona Shores principal set to take over North Muskegon middle and high schools | MLive.com 
 Doctor Oz Fans?  Check out the last video.  Did you know this? 
 What if it is a miracle product? You owe it to yourself to find out.. 
 If you know an athlete, you might want to share this.  Check out Dr. Oz video.  
 Any Health Challenge, Slow the Aging Process, An Athlete?  Crazy not to try for 30 day empty bottle money back guarantee. 
 Could be The Greatest Scientific Breakthrough in our Lifetime.  And now you know. .
 Athletes check out this video?  This guy crashed really bad! 
 21 months since I have been using this!  Drinking AND Spraying!  No More stiff and sore joints!  Sun-spots GONE! 
 Love it! Just took a shot and now off for Sushi!  
 Off to teach the 4 yr olds!  Thank goodness I have my signaling molecules to keep me moving! 
 I'm showing you an Opportunity to change your life, that is if you want to? Been sharing this for 20months now. It works! 
 Extremely productive call with marketing team! Lots of changes to my site, writing newsletter and new video shoot today! 
 Junior Golf Summer Camp starts today!  50 kids in 2 hours! Ages 4-12. Safety First! Thank goodness for ASEA! 
 Happy Friday all! My Gift to you.  FREE trial of ASEA. Want to feel better or have more energy? 
 Wish us luck!  Lauren and I are off to our first US Kids event for the season!  10yr old division!
 More energy, Crazy Quick Recovery AND Legal!  Free trial. 
 Interesting!  I have ladies on the European Golf Tour inquiring about ASEA.  But not the LPGA? Watch the video. 
 Love the new changes!  Any sports injuries or health challenges? 
 What a perfect day!  Golf lessons, playing golf and my favorite, the Memorial Tourney! 
 THE Greatest Scientific, Medical, Performance AND Endurance Breakthrough of our Generation! 
