 OH: Can't you just come do me at my office?
  Sol y Sombra!
  A bunch. I guess you're supposed to take time off when you get married. Who knew.
 If I had a dollar for every time someone asked me when I'm getting married and I said this Saturday and then they fell out of their chair...
 There's nothing funny about a skinny Turtle
 Don't be a jackwagon and ruin Entourage for everyone else
 Fun for Downtown folks! “ Join us for Sangria Sunday in the wine bar! $3 a glass, all day! You know you're thirsty!”
  Indeed! LMK if you want to roll through
 The game plan for today: ”
 Sunday brunch  today! Bottomless bubbles await....officially in celebration mode
 So sweet & funny read: Happily ever after!  dishes about his wedding to  (via  ”
 It's my last Saturday night as a single lady....spent eating Chinese food & watching movies with J and pups. 
    People love fried chicken so hopefully I will be a huge hit
    I just wanted to look sun kissed! Now I look like fried chicken
    It's ok. The ability to sit down is completely overrated
 In case you weren't aware.... Tanning beds are so over. I went.  
  Look who it is all tweetin' and stuff! Big man on campus comin' through!
   LOLLL. Good one!!!!
 Tragedy! “ Forklift accident destroys $1m of Shiraz wine ”
 Only the best. 
 Perks. 
  Babe can't wait to see u next week. All my love. Xox
 Ridiculous amazing seafood plate  Killer cocktail sauce. 
 No wonder men don't like shopping. WTF are they doing in dressing room and why does it take so long?  
 Of course I try to set an afternoon spa appointment and my phone is ringing off the hook with craziness
  So gross right! 6 inchers or bust.
 I'm definitely there this Sunday! “ Sunday Party Brunch at Narcisse! ”
  Same with Boardwalk Empire! My DVR hates me right now for loading it with such cinematic gems as Ice Loves Coco.
 Totes. “ I like kittens and I like heels but I do not like kitten heels. 
  Can't wait!
 When does Entourage start? Still religiously watching TBS reruns....
   xoxoxoxoxoxoxo
   Cute.
 It's small town
 I find it mildly alarming that songs that came out when I was in high school are now being featured on "Old School Cafe" hour
 Some big social/philanthropy events booking  for fall events. Great place to host a fab party!
 Love PVSK, in and out in 1 hour with amazing looking glowy skin. Medical grade skin care is definitely the way to go. Cc: 
 At Paradise Valley Skin Klinic for pre-wedding skin care. Having some sort of cryogenic peel. Beware if you see me later today!
  A big resounding YES to your earlier question. Hit me with some times? After 1pm ideal!
 RT  Top Story: Aspiring Chef Struggles with Aspergers: Jeff Schottmuller is using his talents as an aspiring chef to... ht ...
 After completely draining my phone batteries 3x today, it seriously pains me to hear my own voice.  
 Highly recommend Oh My Dog boutique! Owner Jackie is a doll and they went above and beyond to get custom wedding outfits for pups! So nice
 RT  Great morning at  Check us out on  next Thursday for 50% off all food, tea and champagne!
 Linda Herold is so fabulous. A Valley icon.
 RT  Now hiring account reps in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area. Jobs
 Heading south directly inro the eye of the Haboob. If you don't hear from me in a few hours, call for help
 RT  Trampoline park opening this month in Airpark: AZ Air Time  
 Co-signed. Absurd! “ I am so fed up with  it's unreal.”
   You mean a Pop-up Vintage Sample Sale? 
 Wedding shoes. Final answer. 
 Hey kids... If you were throwing the poppin-est party ever what is the one song they would HAVE to play? From any decade....
   LOL. Thanks. Flattered. I'd say that's a fairly accurate assessment.
 RT  Congrats to  alum  Getting married in 2 weeks. 2:1 odds she will be billing during ceremony ...
 Any of my DJ friends have the dance remix of Candy Staton "You've Got The Love"on mp3? Cc: 
     Aw. I am literally locked inside my house until I finish wedding tasks! Boo.
  Shore thing!
  I had the biggest sandwich ever. Which reminds me, can u shoot me an email w/ rates? Need some of ur video expertise 4 Dr. Dan
 List -----> “ Ask and ye shall receive..... Entrance tonight, anyone?”
 How much time do you got? “ What do you guys think about Kris Jenner's new facelift?”
 Scottsdale CVB hiring for PR Assistant. Anyone interested I'm happy to pass along more info & contact. Great gig.
 When you wake up at 4am, would noon be dinner time? Starving
    Story of my life.  is also garbage.
  I want to marry the miso dipping sauce they have! I love Essence de Benihana. They should make it into a perfume.
  Me too. I secretly even like Benihana.
 I'm sad that I can't find an extra-long dog tuxedo. Apparently we all in the wrong business....
 Craving delicious fried alligator tail? New Bayou-cusine resto opening soon in Old Town Scottsdale. Gonna get me some chicken-fried grits!
  Awesome! Thanks!
  Nice! My friend who asked me lives out that way so that's perfect
 Can you guys think of any restaurants where they cook the food in front of you besides Benihana?
 RT  Memberships are booming at the swanky Narcisse Champagne and Tea Lounge ( in   ...
  Canadian businesspeople. Go figure.
 View 
 Been awhile since I've been to a party at a ridiculous home with king crab and lobster on a giant platter. Boom times back again?
   Fun! Yes I am in town I will try and stop by! :)
 Tasting '98-04 vintages for wedding wine selection. Life could be worse.
   Bronze Boutique us a good one!
 Justin Timberlake reportedly in the pool at the All-Star game. Shirtless. 
 Seen some really strange press releases lately. Colored text, embedded images, PR firm logos etc. Does media like that kinda thing nowadays?
  Goodwill is my new best friend. You should see the gorgeous treasures I've found there for wedding decor. What a fun client!
 Count me in. Their bruschetta is amaze! “ Your choice for just $20: Bottle of wine or bubbles & Toast platter on Tuesdays.
  7/22 afternoon would be good
  Oops. Cultural gaffe. Its actually for a fashion project so I'm looking for the short silk robe kind.
 For a good time follow  Amusing to say the least.
 Anyone know where one could buy several Chinese kimonos in Phoenix? 
 RT  Major celebrity sightings at Parc Central for All-Star week! ESPN personality Erin Andrews and Cougartown's Josh Hopk ...
    Sold! R there any other body treatments that r good there? My face belongs to  & PV Skin Klinic
  14th we go
  LOL...I need it. Not taking off any days for wedding. 
 RT  Ever wonder what defines "good" plastic surgery from "bad" plastic surgery? The guide to critiquing facelifts on my we ...
  Yes. Best place in the world. We are going there & St. Trop September
  You still going to Ibifa this summer?
  Time really flies, enjoy it... Your wedding will be here before you know it!
  July 30! So soon! When is yours?
  That's what everyone is saying! I can't believe I haven't been to either...I guess I don't get out to spa much 
  So far its a toss up between Montelucia and Sancturary...both are gorgeous, hard to choose!
 What is the absolute best spa in Scottsdale for treatments and experience? Need to book a full-on mental health day prior to wedding
 Pretty sweet gig. Check out www.bitly.com/brunchsundays to enter to win free brunch for 4 people 
 Maxim party
 Short rib eggs Benedict.... So good. Cc: 
 RT  The best day of the week has arrived - PARTY BRUNCH SUNDAYS!!
  CANNOT complain ;)
 Kaskade + champagne via 
  Bangin.
 Rest assured: the mini-boob didn't do any damage tonight in Old Town. Complete and utterly wonderful chaos. Busy everywhere
 RT  A Trending Cankle Cure: Liposuction  via 
  Bahaha... I concur
 Big night tonight for bars & clubs...Weather better not be garbage...it's questionable right now
  Go to Airr Supperclub.....super fun and cool vibe
 Me me me! “ List only tonight.  Inquire within.”
  Thanks! Goodwill has some gems.
 The early bird gets all the pretty teacups.
 Jackpot. 
  I seek to represent dogs soon.
 RT  The PR agency representing alligators is on a roll. Alligators are making waves across TV.
  No. Strut the asphalt like a runway.
 There's a party in the bar inside of Whole Foods. With live music.  I absolutely love this town.
 At  reviewing the book for this weekend. Looking for hot baseball boys? Be sure to stop by....
 RT  Stellar weekend on tap. Bring your special star spotting glasses because tables are booked and the bottles are on ic ...
 At Scottsdale City Hall. Fighting for your right to party.
  I thought so. We really need to rally for  Now there's a hot time in the old town!
 Is it just me or are the All-Star events and parties this year kinda lame?
 RT  Just-opened Oakville Grocery in Phoenix promotes 'local'  via 
 Where can I get the homie hookup on a gobo? Need a few.
 Dinner tonight  Seared California sea bass, charred tomato- Yum 
  What would I do without my OJ? So wise you are
  That's definitely not creepy or anything
 And by "meds" I mean wine intake
 Sooo...about when does the average bride have a complete meltdown? 2 weeks out? 10 days out? Day before? Need to adjust my meds just in case
 My  score is 49. I improved it by 4 points over the past  30 days! 
  Actionnnnnnnnnnnn.....thrillerrrrrrrrr
 Confession: I'm actually eating this delicious lamb naan flatbread.    
 I feel like I've somehow gotten cooler and more progressive by eating Indian food  once a week. 
  You da bomb.com.
  Me! Melissa
 RT  We're gearing up for  Will we see you tonight? $10 for a henna design & a glass of wine! 
  Yes! Was in a photo shoot in the back bar. We must catch up soon!
  How did I miss you at Roka?
 Serious sushi photoshoot  
 Excited about big changes happening at 12 News.
 Best $2 I ever spent: Red velvet cake pop tonight 
  You are an angel! I need about 35 for my wedding project.  I think Goodwill knows and is hoarding them. 
   LOL. Driving by"Charles Manson's House" today really was crossing the line for me though.
 So cute! I want to adopt them all.  
  Never too young to hustle! Apparently.
 Detour from bad accident has spurred child entrepreneurs. 
  Ha! They like to lay on the ground and suntan. Milo and Stella.
  Will you check for antique tea cups for me pretty please?
 What possesses people to name their Wi-Fi networks grossly inappropriate things? I mean ur neighbors can see that...& anyone with an iPhone
  They were both completely covered in dust! Completely.
 Just sent this photo as a text message. Caption: Don't be mad.  
 Loving this killer profile on  in the  
 The Mint shall prosper. Forthcoming venues rejoice. City smacks down request for conditional-use permit revocation: 
 Pretty cool:  giving away brunch for 4 people including bottomless bubbles every Sunday. Love their brunch & cheap bubbles
  melissa
  I know! Super sad times.
  Love that song.  I wanted Dave Matthews Band for walking down aisle but we have a guitarist and he cant play it 4 some reason
  LOL! Send! So far no YMCA, Chicken Dance, Macarena, etc.
  Mostly ceremony songs... Some classics for reception. Grandma probably doesn't want to dance to Kaskade for three hours straight
  I'm good at the fun party music but I've picked so many songs already I'm tapped out
 Picking "romantic" wedding music is the hardest thing in the world. Just got smack down from wedding planner. Hit me with your faves! 
  Sidegig! Fo sho(e).
     Probably wont quit my day job...
     Of course! I think I might have a calling in motivational speaking
 The new reporter on 3TV must feel like he is getting hazed right now on air. Poor guy is COVERED in dust.
  Crazy! Happy to be home safe...and driving a rental car.
 Lived here almost 10 years - never seen anything like dust storm in N Scottsdale. Thought was Armageddon. Terrifying driving conditions.
 All I can say is that karma's a bitch 
   I literally had their French onion for breakfast today. Sooo good.
     Bringing back several loaves of bread and cookies from SD to ration until next time
   I heard about that. So not the same thing!
 AZ really needs Panera
 Happy 4th of July 
 Who put all the gold glitter in the sand? 
  Might go to a friends BBQ in La Jolla but otherwise, yes. Love Coronado.
 Coronado dog beach best place on Earth
 AZ peeps: Where's a good place for family friend to go watch fireworks with kids that won't be too crazy tonight?
  Fun! We are at US Grant...def doing the same today! I will text you when we are up and at 'em would love to see you!!
  What are you up to later today friend? We are in your town!
  That doesn't look like the BBQ
  Tower 23 on Pacific Beach it's beautiful
 Voyeur
 I actually really loved Searsucker. In fact, music is so good we are still here.
 The one thing I have to order if I see it on a menu. 
 Need rope chandelier. ASAP. 
  Dying to know!!!
  I'm scared.
 Make your way to San Diego simply for duck fat fries at Searsucker. Worth it.
  Sound fun. What's on the docket for tonight? We've got Searsucker resos then maybe Voyeur.
 Beach cruisin'
  I saw that place yesterday is it a restaurant?
 Fluxx... Ridiculous.
  No! It was good. Kind of a scene though.
  Ha someone else said that! It was Jidori chicken, actually quite tasty. Foam is amateur hour though.
  It was really good but I still think it's totally unappealing.
 Is foam still a thing? Discuss. 
 "Social dining concept" in SD. Hm. 
  Toscana
  No worries. I like people.
 Champagne lunch in downtown San Diego. Phone not ringing. Emails few and far between. 77 and breezy. 
  Congrats Uncle!  He is so cute!
 Get it B! “ Go Daddy sold for $2.25 billion ”
  It was really amusing
  Yes we must! I will DM my cell
 Very cool. “ Downtown  hotel gets new name:
   You recommended them last time we were there but we didn't make it. This time we will for sure.
 More big name restaurant and nightlife visionaries putting hat in the  ring. Downtown has arrived.
 What San Diego restaurants do you guys like? Feel like going somewhere with good seafood/on the water at least one night. cc: 
  OMG! Amazing. I am working with the Friends of Ballet Foundation in AZ...perhaps Msr. Louboutin will make us a pair? I HOPE!
 Fun!! Loves it. “ Happy IndepenDANCE weekend... We are going to dancedancedance all weekend long!”
 This story makes me HUNGRY! “ We go grazin' at Roka Akor -- find out what we liked the best: ”
 And that's what I like to call a full-court press. Thank you and good night
 I love Arizona, but if its going to be 117 on Saturday that's a wrap for me. That's. A. Wrap. 
  OH! Henna. Yes, no chickens or fishermen were harmed in the creation of this trend.
  What are you even talking about?
 Based on the dress beat down that just happened in the Costa Mesa mall I'm pretty sure  is starring in Bridesmaids 2.
 The neighborhood has spoken. “ A very comprehensive write up from  on our opening! ”
   On all fronts. Not too shabby.
 Forget feather hair extensions. Hottest new trend is Henna art.  Cc:  
 Lot of TV today.  talking cankle liposuction with  
 RT  A First Look Inside Oakville Grocery Co. at CityScape: 
 This week has been crazy but huge thanks to everyone who has been working hard and supporting our stuff!
 RT  It's official! We are NOW OPEN! Come one, come all!
 4th TV station rolling through. Then lunch!  
 Gorgeous blooms from local florist Camelback Flowershop  
 Plotting what I'm going to eat  after media blitz. Cake pops! 
 At  downtown... Tons of shoppers already! Doors just opened at 10am
       
 So great so see everyone  for the new menu reveal! 
 Heard story today that  was actually founded by a Mark Zuckerberg type dude who made up the cutesy shopaholic faces of biz. True?
 "Cankle" Liposuction growing trend in Arizona cc:  
  Just a leetle sneak peek.
 If your initials are JL do not - I repeat - do NOT click this 
  Yep
 How the cool chill out in these blistering temps cc:  
 RT  Oakville Grocery Opening at Cityscape Thursday. 
 Oh, hi
     Oooooh. Tacos. Mmm. Thursday?
 RT  Come in this Thursday at 10 AM to check out the store! Free parking underground--enter garage off Jefferson! Bring  ...
 This is MAGIC. Get your paper and pen and take notes - one liners galore. 
 Charleen's food and my wine at FnB? Yes, please.....
 Major celebrity sightings over this weekend in Scottsdale?    
 RT  Oakville Grocery AZ,  is now trending in  
 Pleased to announce  will open this Thursday, June 30th
 Downtown success stories  
 Mayor Phil Gordon's big announcement  
 RT  RT   &  Launching Summer Water Drive Benefiting  http: ...
 News conference TODAY 12pm  . Big announcement forthcoming from Phoenix Mayor Phil Gordon
  Turrible, just Turrible
 The circus is for Richards 
 Does adult contemporary music somehow correlate to more term life insurance sales? 
 Fireworks tent operator 
  They had me at pink elephants and Chinese dragons...
  It is gooood stuff. First time but I'm a huge fan
 What kind of beer has a cork? Why pink elephant alligator dragon beer of course 
 Shopping at Michael's < Navigating China without a map
 RT  Yes, we do have some high profile guests tonight but to ensure their privacy and enjoyment we cannot reveal names
 RT  We are very excited to make a special announcement on Monday, June 27th with Mayor Phil Gordon! Stay tuned...
 RT  Oakville Grocery & Mayor Phil Gordon Launching Summer Water Drive to Benefit St. Mary's Food Bank Alliance on... ht ...
 RT  We're gearing up for some exciting news....hint, hint.
 RT  Your presence is requested for our Grand Opening event 23 June, 2011. 9 o'clock SHARP. RSVP: www.wildknightclub.com
 RT  Are you ready to get wild? Thursday the party starts. 
 RT  Amazing first weekend for VIP. Next week we will open to the public, everyone is invited. Thursday is Grand Opening.
 RT  Nick Lowery Youth Foundation Fundraiser  via 
 RT  It is lunchtime! Be 1 of first 10 peeps 2 come in say "Rocking Roka Friday" & get edamame, a grilled chicken skewer & dess ...
 RT  Next week: clear your calendar
 RT  Mr. P-body is spinning the Champagne Party Brunch at Narcisse today. Bottomless Champagne for $10 and a great brunch  ...
 RT  What will I wear? Who will I get to vouch for me? What if I want to vouch? Wild Knight to open in Old Town Scottsdale ht ...
 RT  Things you can do with $10: Buy a Venti iced coffee, get a polish change, or DRINK BUBBLY ALL DAY SUNDAY at brunch. ...
 RT  Just Announced, Wild Knight to open in June!    via 
 RT  We've got the scoop on that super secret club about to open in Scottsdale 
 RT  We've got a secret. OR do we?  
 RT  Who is ready for something new in boring Scottsdale?
 RT  Did you see us on  Get some for the summer!
 RT  We are expecting to open our doors in downtown  by June 1, not by May 20th as had been reported earlier tod ...
 RT  MEDIA: We have not set a firm opening date yet but are nearing completion. Stay tuned!
 RT  Very proud of Chef for the hard work “ Caffe Boa's new chef Matt Smith steps into the spotlight  ...
 RT  Did you know we have half-off happy hour every day? That means Half. Off. Everything. People! Including champagne!  ...
 RT  Curious about the latest cosmetic enhancements? Join us for an Illuminating Evening at Paradise Valley Skin Klinic - htt ...
  I am totally creeped out by that headline
 AZ Central music section: Top songs for the end of the world. Ummm...WHAT? I am a big frightened... thought we had at least 1 year
 How are there not laws that hold the parents responsible if a child drowns? Not having a pool fence or not paying attention is unacceptable
 Lusting after a pair of Christian Louboutin shoes? Jackrabbit Lounge is giving a pair away Thursday. Be there by 11 & see if the shoe fits
  It's totally the secret to big sexay lips. cc: 
 A real reality show is being shot  tonight. For E! Television. 
 Apparently in NYC there is an underground bingo scene with dancing on tables? My v.chic BFF says this is part of my bach wkd. I'm scared
 Have you seen the show Workaholics? Holy hilarious. Welcome to every job I have ever had.
 Stella likes corn. I can't breathe this is so funny. 
  You're gonna LOVE it. My favorite place in the world. So much to do. Getting married there in July. Can't wait to be back!
  Have you ever been to Pope Valley? Drive just a little past Ladera & there are some great boutique wineries, tiny, but good
 True. “ If you don't know if you're a Shiksa, you ARE a Shiksa.”
  Holy jealous. We are in their wine club, but we've never gotten anything from that vintage
  Congratulations Charlotte! He is absolutely precious. What an amazing early Mother's Day surprise!
  Welcome Diner 9th & Roosevelt, delicious home of 
  why is there a line for h&m?
 I think you want to look at this photo. Warning: super sexy. cc:  
 Have you guys checked this spot out yet? So cute. 
 Mangia! Steak piazzaola & Tuscan ribs by   Killer. 
 Hey, CenPho... I'm terrorizing your town tonight
 Amazing feature on  Scottsdale doctor using fat cells as an alternative to face-lifts  via 
 Super excited for    and Veuve Cliquot party  Should be uber fab
  How about Mother's Day Royal Tea Brunch with 
 Cheap Botox 2 good to be true? Shooting story w/  on sketchy Botox places endangering consumers. Only see pros like 
 At Spotted Donkey 2. Eatin' good in the neighborhood
 Hey! There's  on cover of Scottsdale Republic. Looking good!
 Talking about the impact of medical marijuana on families  
  I am! I will shoot something over.
 Yes! Everything is half off! “  Does Narcisse have specials on food during Happy Hour, too?”
 RT  $15 deal for $30-worth of yum at Parc Central at Scottsdale Quarter. This place is VERY good. 
  Haha! I am the expert in lox
 Chef Ian Neal is in the 12News kitchen talking Mother's Day brunch. YUM.  
 Check out this killer frittata from  The lox steals my heart. 
  That is not that bad!
  I actually just got back from Cabo yesterday. Might actually be time for a head transplant.
  Ohhh, you know. Like Melted candle wax on steel wool. I thought it was just outrageously humid.
   You too! Still dreaming about those yummy pies!
  You too! So fun! We are looking forward to it...going to be awesome  
 So, apparently I've been putting shampoo in my hair after blowdrying it thinking it was shine serum for the last week. SHAMPOO. 
    Me!
 RT  Starting this weekend Parc Central will have bottomless Sangria all day Saturday & Sundays 4 just $18! Who's up for s ...
 Shooting a story with  for 12 News &  local product search! 
 Hilare. 
 Random. Ashley Tisdale and Vanessa Hudgens in the house
 A shot made with tequila and Tabasco sauce. What could possibly go wrong? 
   They're fabulous! We miss them cant wait to see them! Meghan was absolutely wonderful. ST is a gal about town!
 Bar in Cabo going crazy over Osama Bin Laden death... Canadians, Americans, Mexicans cheering 
 Being a guest at a celebrity wedding is..... Interesting!
 Not too shabbs. 
 Pretty and princess like, yes...a showstopper? Meh. “ Dying to know what  thinks of this gown. 
 Terrorizing this town.   
  Gangs all here
  Oh my god that's hilarious
 Was just informed I'm supposed to be off the grid
 Cabo reppin Scottsdale at Baja Junkie cc:  thx 
 Sam Fox's Barfly pretty sweet digs for an airport bar. In related news, I'm in a bar at 7:30am.
 Off to an undisclosed location
  Tarantula hornet? That's some Alfred Hitchcock ish!
  Where in MX?
   Indeed I did. Comedic gold.
  OMG...So, what did you do? I have no idea how I would have responded, 96% sure it would have been a full-on meltdown...
  Birds regularly fly headfirst into the giant glass window in my office. GONG.
 Nail lady shattered bottle of Atomic Orange nail polish on the floor somehow avoiding my bag & shoes. Have to believe I earned that. 
  It may come as a shock, but I don't get out to the West Side very often
    I really like it, hopefully we will know if it works if children don't run screaming  beach
 Fairly certain travel on the I-17 for any reason is an imminent death wish
 U mean high efficiency mate selection? “ Will you be joining us  for Speed Dating? ”
  So funny! Milk just came out of my nose
 RT  Will you be joining us this Thursday  for Speed Dating? 
 It's been FIVE years? Holy hell where have I been? “ Katie Couric to Leave CBS Evening News After 5 Years ”
    Kosher for Passover curried ham
    Love. I want to marry that green mint yogurt sauce.
 Bahahaha! “ A Jew, an Indian, & a Christian walk into an Indian restaurant...  
 Getting an edjumacation in Indian food by  Next time I'm gonna school you in Chompies cuisine cc: 
 Only thing more tortuous than being at the dentist is being at the dentist with bad cell reception and email  connectivity.
    As sub but with dinner and fruit/veg
   Im doing Prometheus Springs capsaicin ginger lemonade right now. Super hot but I like it so far!
  Not really! I will give both of those guys a shot. Definitely a cool story. Thanks!!
 Half the fun of TV segments are making these fab displays. Cc:  
 Behind the scenes at 12News with  Pretty glam if you ask me. 
 Anyone know who the medical marijuana beat reporter is for the Republic? Thanks!
 At the Easter party I went to today the bunny arrived via helicopter. A moment made for  
 Media pals working today? NFL Legends serving hot meals to homeless all day at St. Vincent's De Paul at "Champions for Homless", DM 4 info”
   Haha! So funny! I'm just keepin' it real.
 Lets ride! 
 Only reason I'd ever get up at 430am on Saturday 
  I'm missing Manischevitz spritzers? 
  Ummm super charged jello shots? Hello!
 Tempting. Very tempting. “ Who needs 5'oclock when our Happy Hour starts at three? See you soon”
 Some seriously luxuriating late-afternoon lunching going on  Took every ounce of effort not to plop down on the patio.
  TRAILS? You funny.
  Love it. But what is an ISI canister? This is coming from a person who eats fat free Cool Whip directly from the tub.
 Good one! +10 points! RT  Spotted: the Google Maps car 
 I'm 99% sure the only reason I even go to  is because they have the most delicious whipped cream ever
  I'm thinking risk may have been greater than reward on this one...I mean, at least have a fake camera crew show up! Kidding.
 RT  Much ado about nothing? Scottsdale's 'Real Housewives' a no-show at Drybar party 
 WEEKEND NEWS/VISUAL: NFL Legends serving hot meals to homeless Easter Sunday at St. Vincent's De Paul at "Champions for Homless", DM 4 info
 The housewives stunt was pretty lame and didn't work. There, I said it.
  Thank you
  Otay!
  Really scary! But then he snapped out of it like it never happened. So odd.
 Milo, this is him 
  He's ok, it doesn't hurt them...just a really upsetting thing to see. Apparently it's common in his breed. Poor buddy.
  I just left you VM. Ran out of batteries.
 My sweet pup had a seizure this morning. Can't think of anything worse or scarier. Anyone dealt with them before? So sad.
 I love people
  Did you find out? I have been wondering that too
 RT  Got email with "FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE" in bold caps at top. Trying to break into programming to relay info to viewers.
  Really? I feel like I've seen them recently floating around periodically
 Phoenix Woman is no mas. Publication to be reborn as Phoenix Femme, an online mag this summer.
 New Medical Marijuana Dispensary Group Compassion First AZ Adapts Charity Model, Seeks to Donate Dispensary Profits to Local Charities
 RT  Whew! What a day. No. I'm not doing The Real Housewives of Scottsdale! If it is happening, I wish em luck n send sup ...
 OH  "How did we ever survive before this place opened?"
   Someday.... ;)
  Haha! Love it!!
 RT  Check out this story we did today with the Mistress of PR   . New Grocery store coming to ...
 RT  So many visitors at  already this week! We seem to be picking up even more momentum! Let's take it to the nex ...
  Check this out. Must be the guy 
  What is it? So weird
 Congratulations in order for good friends  &  - baby  on the way!
  Whatcha up to? Cooking anywhere?
  Do tell!
 No coincidence people are emailing/texting me at this hour. Somehow they know I'm up and working
 Not going to freak out yet, but I am in need of last-minute same day alterations. Hoping my tailor can do it. Any backups just in case?
