  I'm speechless. Boston is a drinking city.
  Never played beer pong?
  Boo
  Do you know who would play? Fun Lisa. The Lisa I used to know... (Yeah, I said it.)
  You around Fri? Thinking of hitting the Sky.
  It's some of the most intellectual comdey I've seen.
  I went through Nashua Eye Associates, but they do surgery in Manchester.
  I had PRK, not LASIK. Similar, but longer recovery. Most ppl do 1 eye at a time.
 Last eye surgery is done. FU contacts and glasses.
 RT   IPO is only thing keeping the market from crashing today. You're welcome again, America. Love, Boston
 RT   looks to improve scalability, leverage Microsoft partnership. 
 I fell victim to a great reverse prank from my co-workers. Too bad for them I payback tenfold. Be afraid. Be very afraid.
 RT  Bagel Pizzas at NE Bagel   
 RT  Congrats to our friends at  on their IPO today - Wall Street Runs on Dunkins
  No prob.
 RT  I'm hiring! Web Software Integration Analyst/Develop at Finalsite - Hartford, CT  
  What's the link to vote?
  RT   Erna You guys should do an album with Disturbed and KoRn
  Oh, I see how it is.
  Check which appspermission to publish. Under Settings.
  Also - I was in Chicago recently. Real deep dish is a thing of beauty - especially cold after a night of Chicago drinking.
  Never thought about Jameson with lime. That's not a bad idea. I loves me some Jamie.
  Do pizza bagels count? Had one at New England Bagel (). It was pretty awesome - lots o' garlic.
 Anyone have advice for an easy-to-use HTML table editor for Wordpress? (Not for layout, for an actual data table.)
 RT  Craving a  invite? Here's how Ed Cline got accepted to the  test: 
  My boys at  are looking for peeps in their new SF office. You know anyone? 
 RT  OfferFuse is coming soon. Check out our page today to sign up for the best in B2B daily deals! 
 To my friends in Albany/Troy - make sure to check out the new  that just opened in ALB. Ask for 
 OH: "We look like big toes."
 RT  Texas has been somewhat of a haven for small business. Find out why: 
 RT  Fancy yourself a good catch? Join us August 12th for Brains, Beer & Babes! 
  What about a bacon & cupcake foodtruck? 
 RT  Athletes, celebs & biz execs get traditional media education. Why not social media training? It's irresponsible to ignore.
 RT  Opening Day at TMH Albany! ( Meat House) 
  Average age is late 20's, commercial financing, probably 75-100.
 Company booze cruise tonight - what's the over/under for "I'm on a boat!" references?
  Let me know when you dress like Joan from 
 Awesome  deal today for NEBO ( in Boston - 
  You see this Living Social deal today? 
 OH: "I knew it was soft, soft, nerdy porn." (Talking about the 1st time he saw the Leia Golden Bikini.)
 Alright, I'm done. Tips your waitresses & bartenders. Try the veal.
 Public won't take this sitting down. RT  Serial Butt Stabber Sought in Virginia | NBC Washington 
 Police are hesitant to backtrack. RT  Serial Butt Stabber Sought in Virginia | NBC Washington 
 He'll get it in the end. RT  Serial Butt Stabber Sought in Virginia | NBC Washington 
  You're right. I hope the police find the guy. I'm sure he'll get his in the end.
 The jokes are just too easy. RT  Serial Butt Stabber Sought in Virginia | NBC Washington 
  Serial Butt Stabber 24 was my favorite. Wait... what?
  It's not ideal. Avoiding ballpark food is good, but you want to make sure you still eat something, or your metabolism slows.
 How many marketers need to have IT pull their email marketing lists? 
 Looks like the debt crisis is already hitting hard - www.senate.gov is having serious uptime issues.
  Figuratively or literally?
 RT  If you're in Baltimore at Firehouse Expo - stop by booth  to view our latest training tools. 
 Interesting: Norwegian prisoners can be kept for "preventative detention" after they're sentence ends.
 RT  Don't let a lack of cash stop you from chasing your dream start-up.. 
  Tried to DM, but you don't follow me.
   I find your lack of faith disturbing.
 Oh noes - stolen laptop means I lost all my new  Band music - oh well, they're good enough to pay twice.
 And it just takes one great CSR to make me change my mind - faith in  is restored.
 Today's Customer Service loser is....  Way to play the "can't answer so I'll transfer" game.
  Better than a case of the herpes.
 Apparently a naked man is holding up traffic on Rt 101 in Exeter, NH. Awesome.
 Heard great things about  & Operation: Thank You over the weekend. Great cause. Nice work guys!
 RT  RT for a good cause. Each retweet sends 50¢ to help kids in foster care. 
  Acrobat does it (maybe just the pro version).
 . is heading to The Ruck in Troy, NY for the best wings he'll ever have.
 OH: "I don't sleep with fatties. Lock it up."
 RT  rt  Three dogs rescued in Pembroke fire: PEMBROKE 8212 Firefighters rescued three dogs from a four-a...  ...
 Hitting Z for their support of  ( Z Food & Drink) 
 Crush it. RT  Honored to be rostered on Team New England for  NTIS. I'll do my best for the 603.
  Laptop, iPod, & camera. And I can't find my dignity.
  I'm fine. The dog is fine. Just a stolen laptop and camera.
 House broken into. Awesome way to start the weekend.
 Thinking of joining the No Shirt Brigade.
   The Rock totally does. "How in the name of ZEUS' BUTTHOLE did you get out of your cell?"
 In case you missed it,  is offering free desktop calendars! 
 RT  Happy 5th birthday 
   Here's my in-progress Spotify playlist - 
 Explosion hit govt building in Oslo - 
  See?  is well into her 30's and still living a full life.
  Loved the segment on Channel 5. Nice work!
  Right... you're 29 for the third year in a row now?
 Happy 30th birthday to 
 I'm hot, sticky sweet. From my head to my feet. Please do not pour some sugar on me.
 I voted for  in the  Awards - please vote!   via 
 RT  [Infographic] There are 100  addresses for every atom on the face of the earth 
 RT   Kopecky Family Band is our Fresh Pick on Daily Unsigned today! 
 RT  The conversationlist Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via   
 Fist pump at the news of the  lockout ending - hopefully the  takes note.
 RT  is co-hosting a popup cocktail hour down here at Tales tomorrow night from 6-8. 
  Ron Jeremy was awesome in Boondock Saints. Tell him I said that. 
  Figured it was either that or missed semi-colon. I always do that.
  Sounds like an I/O issue. Did you check the flux capacitor?
  Duly noted. Liking  and Facebook stalking pics... :)
  Liked bra post. Now post picture of you IN the bikini. 
 It's so hot. Milk was a bad choice.
 Javascript is really powerful, but sometimes I wish it compiled - just so I knew where my errors were.
 RT  Dyn is looking for Perl-Python Wrangler.  You won't find a better place to work. 
 Hey all - my nephew  is trying out for the  team today. Send him some good luck!
 Good luck! RT  With  for  NTIS try-out
  Oh, and what about teal blue t-shirt... Miami Vice style?
  Only the best. Turns out it's a cotton suit, not linen.
 RT   when you get home from an event and realize you're still rocking a name tag w/ your Twitter handle on it
  Now that you love blogging & stuff, check out  She knows this stuff COLD... and lives in TROY!
   Please take my friend  to Alive  5 tomorrow. He's in Albany for work and thinks it sucks.
 I'm going be the best looking groomsman at  wedding. 
  Wings Your Way looks closed. You get confirmation?
  Beach wedding invite says "beach casual". Flip flops w/ linen suit okay?
  What was the link for the Brains, Beers, & Babes event? I want to send it to  & 
  I'm doing a 1/2-day on Aug 12. Hitting HubSpot TV, then Brains, Beers, & Babes event.
 Franchises come out well in our latest data report from  Check it out. 
  It was Fox News. Not exactly the highest level of journalism.
 "Our search results were just fine before SEO came along, thank you very much."    
 RT  Rad to see 'Lover I Don't Have To Love' on the new TFDI album. If you haven't seen & heard this live, you are missing out.
 RT  Recruiting is fun. I love it. Want a job? Hit me.   
  Unless you call a fat thumb a network error - "timing & location"
  Toming and location.
  I love the Snowman!
  Aren't you from LA? And you don't know how to make your own tavo seasoning?
 Any other  fans making Spotify playlists?
 Oh, Mexico. Sounds so sweet with the sun sinking low.
  iZoo creative. Used to do stuff for WH, too.
  Isn't Buffalo, by definition, "cheap"?
  Recruiting or sales?
 Out of the presses - the weekly Franchise News Roundup from  : 
  Just received a pitch that included "and we a lot of work with Dyn".
 MAJOR typo on ESPN.com right now - they're reporting that the Pirates are in 1st in the NL Central. Yes, the Pittsburgh Pirates.
 I love spending the first 20 mins of my day waiting for my computer to be usable.
 Damn you Sportscenter and the MyWish segments! I don't need this 1st thing in the morning.
 Downloaded a bunch of Kopecky Family Band tonight. Wish I had jumped on the  offer.
 Marine hottie calls out Justin Timberlake to go to Marine Corp Ball with her; I would gladly step-up: 
  Can you save that for m... um... one of my friends?
 7,196 Tweets per second during World Cup final. How many DNS queries, 
  Maybe that was they're way of saying you're hot.
 RT  Do buzzwords make your head hurt to the point where you have to leverage some aspirin? 
  I drew a heart around Aug 12. Loving your blog, BTW.
 RT  Hey TnRmy- Tweet  and ask him when "VIP" will be on ITunes, and let's get him on our show! 
 RT  My interview with GoodGood Manchester, loving this organization! 
  Thanks for the follow. I'm a big fan.
   Who says I *need* a wingman?
 RT  Save the date, Boston singles! Brains, Beer & Babes 8/12 6:30 pm, hosted by  & yours truly.
 Got to see the  Band in my friend's house today. Check them out now.
 RT  The  Band killed it today at  Listening Lounge! Go see them live, wow!
 More bands need trombones.
 RT  Score is now 2-1 thanks to beautiful goal by Abby Wambach. 
 I know it's going to be alright.
 I'm looking at  with a golden retriever puppy. He looks like he stepped out of a Vineyard Vines cataloge.
 RT  Are you in outside sales and live in  or  We're looking for reps as we  open another office! Email hr(at)dyn(dot.com)!
 Chicago 2, Sully 0.
  linkin park. Triinity Bar currently.
 
  I'm currently in Chicago.
 OH: You guys are all engineers? You're so much fun. You're like high-functioning autistics.
  what's a pickleback?
  
  Fait. But Chicago is pretty fucking great in the summer. P.S. At a bar w/ $3 Jameson shots.
  Which is better: BK or Chi?
 OH: "My dating strategy is culling the herd. I go for the old, the weak, and the young."
  Operating with a "any man left behind" rule. We don't go back for the fallen.
  Shit got real last night with bear fights.
 There's talk of playing credit card roulette at dinner tonight.
 About to do my first Bear Fight. I feel like I'm a losing my virginity again.
 Why Cubs suck: they sing "Go Cubs Go" when they win. Dirty Water FTW.
  I'm not even in Wrigley. I'm at a rooftop bar across the street. $100 all you can eat/drink.
  Just got your email. I'm at a day game at Wrigley. Call the number in the email.
 Best part about Cubs games? No "Sweet Caroline".
  I hate you.
 In Chicago. Just determined that when people ask me where I'm from, I'm going to say "City of Champions".
  That's cute. What's next, "the WNBA is a real sport"?
  Been there. It is awesome.
 Off to Chicago tomorrow morning. Cubs game Fri & block party Sat. Any other suggestions of things to do/eat/see?
  You should get this shirt:  I found it on 
 I love  but hate it when my coffee is empty after I finish it...
 RT  Employee turns 21; Enjoys FIRST Ipswich Ale! 
 RT  Rising Stars Young Prof Awards! 11/7, 5:30p, Planetarium, Concord. Details: 
 Randy Moss is supposedly in "freakish shape" for the season. I would welcome him back to New England.
  This is what I got to see: 
  Drivers have their own category. Let athletes win "Best Athlete".
 If/when I work in sports again, I would love to work for a  organization.
 How does Bieber get involved in everything? The  Really?
  I know, right? So awesome!!
  "If you like change, and naked ladies, vote for 
 RT  Pitching the New Hampshire Governor on the 1band 1brand concept 
 More dogs, monkeys, & goats! My life is complete. 
 Q
  Choo-motherfucking-choo.
 Goats on the field being herded by monkeys riding dogs. Awesome. 
  Also know as "BC douchey"?
 OH: "Wow, that place is like the Christmas Tree Shop of orphanages."
 Awkward moment: realizing that a you and a fellow co-worker applied for the same position of "lottery winner".
 Hell is multiple software systems pieced together.
 Thanks to some awesome crowd sourcing, I haz great data about how a top search rank doesn't hold true elsewhere. Blog post to come!
 . You're dead to me.
 RT  Our interview with   which is a good read for any business. 
  I hate the Yankees, but I like Jeter. He's classy.
 If you caught the  ball, would you have kept it, sold it, or gave it back? I would have giving it back.
  I love the UI, but haven't reached a tipping point yet of usage yet.
 RT  Fans Excited For All-Star Game Between Best Available Non-Injured Players Willing To Play 
 Until you can ask politely, you will continue to receive marketing/sales emails.
  Thanks for bring that memory backbackback.
  Way to rub it in.
 +1 for sludge. RT  I've learned the hard way that you either like Moxie or you think it's a disgusting sludge.
  We meet monthly. It's usually a potluck. Good group of people.
   What's the point of working out if you're not going to flaunt it? :)
 RT  HAPPY SLURPEE DAY 
  What's the point of working out if you're not going to flaunt it? :)
  Depends on the city. I could do Boston, Chicago, or San Diego. Hells no to NYC or LA.
 Why do women get to wear sleeveless shirts to work, but men can't? Sun's out, guns out.
  My VP commutes from NY to NH and regularly listens to downloaded ebooks on the drive.
  It was a good night - they did win and I got to hang out with a friend I haven't seen in a few years.
  I was running super late and had to get there. Oh, and it took me 2+ hours to get into Boston.
 $95 for a bleacher seat, $35 for parking, $135 for replacement tire, $beer...  I blew my  budget on 1 game. Go 
  I really wish I was there.
  Sorry for being snarky last night - I was at Fenway and was feeling extra Red Sox fandom.
  And ask Chris why I'm slow to sit-down after our jetski bromance.
  You should ask Chris about the awkward game I played in the water with the girls.
  fair enough
  You're only going to the Sweeney's lakehouse as long as I'm gone?
  I'm thinking we get  up to the lake the 1st weekend in Aug. We get him drunk, & your father dumps him tubing.
  Makes sense.
 Why are flags at half-mast today?
  I AM NOT A GINGER!
 Props to  for a great pre-Sox bachelor party dinner. (Not my BP.)
  Stop it! You lived in Boston. Please, have some dignity. 
 Goddamn this day isn't going my way. Just had to change a flat tire in the middle of this construction.
 There are times when social media connects me with people around the world, and then times where it helps me see how small the world is.
  Small world! Good times. Don't hate if you start to randomly find me in your pool.
  Small world! You grew up in Manch?
  I live next door to  You know each other?
  Have some people over now. Pasta dinner w/ & team b4 football playoffs. Come on over!
 My head feels like it's going to explode. I hate colds.
  GET A CAR!
  Sorry! At least we can look forward to the NBA. Oh, wait...
  What NFL season? :)
  August?
  What-what? Alright - 29th?
 Interesting: 2 visitors & 1 conversion from search term "business loans for felons". Untapped market?
   But, the fanny packs come in all sorts of colors. I can coordinate with my mandals!
  I'm sick of wearing cargo pants, plus  says men need to accessorize more. Fanny pack helps with both.
 Wow, fanny packs are cheap on Amazon.
  There might be a horrible accident in the barn tonight, where your stuff gets set on fire.
  But I enjoy nonsense and whathaveyou!
  What about your Yankees boob shirt?
  I don't appreciate your curt, short emails lately. Please make the effort to be more effervescent.
   When I was young I had time, but no money. As I get older, I have more money but less time.
  Yankees suck.
  Got your message last night - sorry I wasn't able to make it.
   I didn't get anything - what do you need? Am I the right Sully?
 Hello Friday morning sore throat, glad you could make it.
   Awesome finds awesome.
 RT  Hiring a MySQL DBA  in Cambridge, MA  
  I WILL be at HubSpot TV on the 22nd. All set. Make sure there's good beer.
  Want some free Will Hoge music? Check out www.1band1brand.com this week.
  Que sera, quesadilla. Or something like that..
   What is better Fri or Sat? Should we invite 
 Bacardi to introduce new Oakheart Spiced Rum in NH at end of July - ready to order a "Oak & Coke"?
   I will be in Troy the weekend of Aug 26-28. Prob getting there early Fri evening.
 OH: She was wearing a jean skirt? That's your first red flag.
  Cut off the bottom & top so that it stands up straigh. Cut of rind. Should be easy after that. Some don't like the core.
  Use a knife. A sharp one.
   Do you think I would make a Troy trip without telling you guys? I'm hurt.
  High-five! I don't care what  says about you, you're alright in my book!
  Yup, I almost ended up in the middle of the rotary when someone came in at 50 mph.
  “Quotation is a serviceable substitute for wit.” - Oscar Wilde
 RT  If you haven't checked out our FinanceQuote application yet, get the scoop at 
  Any circular traffic sections that follow the same usage rules: the person in the rotary has the right-of-way.
  Was almost run off the road by someone that came speeding into the rotary.
 If you can't properly navigate a rotary, please don't breed.
 My dog just licked my EYEBALL!
  I just received a Yelp message praising my review of your services, saying it convinced them to call you.
  You're a smarty pants: what do you think is the best place for someone to get a good crash course in Google Analytics?
 RT  IFA urges FDA to considers costs to restaurant owners in menu labeling: News bites via  
 I'm looking for a kickass Google Analytics bootcamp/workshop. Preferably in the Boston area. Any suggestions?
  I thought it was wicked funny.
 Local farmer petitions to build slaughterhouse - says he can make a killing.
  Boot camp with me tomorrow. 6:30 at Livingston Park.
  I know, it's depressing. I saw a comment saying "Come on, she probably did it!" Someone doesn't understand "probable doubt".
 it' "RI", not "RE". You're not repeating diculous.
 RT  Carrot mobs can be a small business's new best friend. Find out how in our PointBlank blog post! 
  I can't do red Gatorade - not sure why.
  Yellow Gatorade, scoop of ice cream, light run... cures even the worst of hangovers.
 RT  Desktop Virtualization Market to Hit US$5 B. in 2016
 I was at a baseball game last night - what would be your walk-out song? Mine is "All of the Lights" by Kanye West
  Happy Birthday!
  Both.
  Both
 "To take pleasure at another's misfortune." Thanks! RT   I believe that is schadenfreude
 Still giggling at aforementioned misfortune of other.
 What's the German word that means "to take pleasure in someone else's misfortune"? I haz it.
  The DB in front of me just got a 1/2 lb of Ovengold turkey, then folded in half to put in the basket.
 Was hanging out with a Canadian today. He didn't appreciate me calling his country "Canadia".
  Hawt
  Come up to  cottage.
  How is NE Bagel?
 The fact that some people drive slower than the speed limit ON PURPOSE just boggles my mind. That's so un-American.
  I'm heading up to see Kirk & Lauren, having flashbacks to trying to install that effing dock.
  WB's is reopening as "Drink".
 You're so vain. You probably think this Tweet is about you.
  Dear lord, I'm never drinking again. Until tonight.
  Wrong - that is what life is about.
 if this night ends like I think it will, I want everyone to know that you'll miss me.
  Damn you!!!
  You had to use "sullied", didn't you?
 Downloaded Fleetwood Mac's "Rumors" the other night. Why can't artists make such great complete albums anymore?
 RT  It's More Likely You Will Survive A Plane Crash Or Win The Lottery Than Click A Banner Ad  
 Isn't it a little confusing that Abercrombie makes bathing suits that are meant to look like lifeguard suits?
 RT  Dig into customer disposition with one simple question - 
   End-of-Month Drinking Game: Shot every time the fax rings, but it isn't your order.
  Time for the dentist, too?
 Witnessed a woman ordering a steak bomb with pepperoni, salami, and capicola. I want to say I'm disgusted, but I really want to try it.
  LAME! I love the interface - still trying to see how it really differs from FB.
  Just hope the Munchins aren't from Halloween.
  No problem - my first round of sends were to people I figured would appreciate the invite.
 If you plant ice, you'll harvest wind.
  Wait, was she riding on the back? Or was she the pilot?
  Name this man! I'll kiss him.
  I haven't found a limit yet, and I'm inviting like crazy.
 Who is awesome?  is awesome.
  I've been meaning to come down for a HubSpotTV. Maybe the 8th?
 A friend is interning  Less than a month in & his emails are already arguing about analytics in decsion making.
  His players run smart, not hard. Unlike Manny, who did neither.
  Some games you win. Some games you lose. And, sometimes there's rain.
 Holy crap. I forgot how hard swimming is as a workout.
  And I bet you still get donation requests from good ol' Rensselaer.
  I would love to see their research constraints. 74% of US adults used a print Yellow Pages? No way.
  I loved taking "Microsoft Office for Management".
 Wait... what? Consumers trust Yellow Pages more than search engines? Then I read the 2nd paragraph - 
  Sounds like it - Jump on the M-Train! (I'm happy to say I graduated with a real degree - CompSci.)
  Did you go to RPI?
   Unsavory numbers - heck, some are downright irrational.
 "It's a myth that marketers choose their occupation because they got C's in school" 
 OH: "You kill it, we grill it!" (A sales rep talking to the marketing team about awesome lead gen.)
 "Red Head Appreciation Day" - dear lord. RT  Marble Slab Creamery celebrates red heads  (cc: 
  I grew up with a sign in my parents' house: "Avoid Disappointment, Aim Low". No truer words have been spoken.
  Actually found that in my phone from a trip to Vegas in Feb.
 Inbound Marketing as defined by Southwest's Spirit mag. 
  Haters gonna hate - 
 RT  Email Platform Developer  in Cambridge, MA  
 This is cool -  makes special  balloons for Operation: Thank You.  
  Do it! It's always fun to see into someone else's craziness.
  I'm not going for guilt pleasures - yet.
 Good list. RT  The Guy's list of to-dos in Portsmouth..    and more.
 Want a great  station for the day? Seed it with "Push It" by Salt n Pepa. Nothing but great '90s hip-hop.
 RT  Dad. Dodgeballer. Director of Sales  Meet Josh Delisle (   
   You might want to start looking at U. of S Carolina. Great city - great school.
  Isn't the correct answer "because he knew you could do better"?
 If I have to disable Ping one more time, I'm going back to pirating music.  
  no comment.
 It's a little embarassing to explain to people that my dog has "confidence issues".
  I was in a long-term relationship. I had to make some compromises.
  I think it started 2-3 yrs ago when some guy came back after being sent home.
  They've started overdoing the whole "someone has to come back" thing.
  *cough, cough* new post *cough, cough*
  For some reason I had the Bachlorette on in the background last night. I wanted to slap her.
 Does anyone else misread "Gadhafi" as "Gandalf"? Makes those headlines really confusing.
 Co-worker is surprised that others find clipping nails at his desk his disgusting - argues no worse than blowing his nose. Thoughts?
 Sometimes, doing a good job is like pissing your pants in a dark suit - it gives you a warm feeling, but no one notices.
 RT  __________ is the hardest part about getting financing.
   Ladies, ladies... no need to fight over me.
 My engineering friends love this joke: What's the difference between sales & marketing? Marketing knows they're lying.
  Nice - that was a good event. Tia's this time?
  DJing in the Sully's Room. Come hang out. ♫♪  
  Cousin's wedding is at the Officers Club in Newport, RI. I think there will be a bunch of Navy officers in dress whites.
  My wedding or my cousin's?
 Received the invite to my cousin's wedding - making me the last one to get married. Over/under of "you're the last one" comments?
  Are you talking about 93? It's closed due to an accident.
  Not much - lazy Sunday.
  Sometimes there's nothing hotter than watching a 25yo girl eat a hot dog.
 RT  Signed the contract with MTV. Officially a shooting location for 'Jersey Shore' again.
 Women's brains are a third the size men's. That's science. 
  Is the champagne golden?
 Referred to "Game of Thrones" as "Crown of Thorns". Holy Catholic Freudian Slip.
   But the pools don't have psycho killers wearing hockey masks.
 This is how you handle a random PR email asking for a blog post:  
 RT  Franchise Fridays for June 24, 2011: Top Franchise and Small Business News ...  
  You see that?  goes all elite and calls us "morons", then tries to be one-of-the-people with her love of tap water.
 A Museum of Invisible Art? Are you effing kidding me?! - 
 You know it's Fri when a meeting turns into speaking like Emperor Palpatine - "The site will be quite operational when visitors arrive."
  Was it tap water?  only drinks sparkling Perrier.
  Awww... you miss me?
 Happy birthday to  - good luck at AAU Baseball National Championships!
  True - your words were that  was "acting all cool and ignoring me".
 10 Exercise Myths that won't die -  (thanks to  for the find)
  Have you recovered from getting "big timed" by 
 Whitey Bulger's "Most Wanted" spot has been taken by the man that tackled Bieber.
 It's amazing how upset people some people get when when I say things like "I could shake a baby right now".
  You should do some laundry next - women's work is rewarding.
  Sounds like you need me &  back.
 RT  Received email letter from PR person. It  was first addressed "Dear Bill." His name was crossed off, mine was added..
  I'll skim a paper.li when I'm including, just to see what it was. Otherwise, no, I don't read them.
 You know you've made it when you officially have haters - Congrats to my friend    
   I had a bit of a bacon experience yesterday that I'm not entirely proud of.
  You're married - can't you just let yourself go?
  Are you preggers?
   I'm running a few minutes late. Shouldn't be too bad, though.
  Here's a great Email Marketing Manager position in Portsmouth: 
 Do you know email marketing? Can you do this job? Email Marketing Manager: 
 Want more better rankings & traffic? Have kittens on your site - 
 RT  What's a Carrotmob? As it turns out, it's a great thing for small businesses.  has the scoop. 
 From yesterday: A Compelling Interview with  
  If you use the cheat code (up, up, down, down, etc.), you get 99 questions.
