 Happy 4th – 7 Tips for a Red, White and GREEN Fourth of July!  –  (via   
 RT  Come to "The Green Route Festival" Saturday, August 27 from 12:00 pm to 11:00 pm.... 
 This year's Green Route Festival in Denver looks like it will be amazing! Follow  for details!    
 RT  is your agency having fun?: We don't save lives. We're not controlling countries or even responsible for the car... ...
 National Gallery in London Honors Van Gogh with World’s First Living Wall Painting - 
 Glowing Campfire with Clean Burning Bioethanol -   
 street art inspired by outdoor ads...  (via 
 Most popular this week: Mind blowing examples of experimental typography  (via 
 30 Very Useful and Free Resources for Designers:  (via 
 5 successful Twitter marketing campaigns you should know about  (via 
 HandPainted Type in India   (via 
 Wow! || Foodies: Creative Hot Chocolate Cupcake Design -  (via 
 RT  triply awesome: What do you get when you combine stop motion animation, retro video games and gummy bears? Pure ... ...
 RT  social media's free, right?: The next time a client or colleague says they want to focus their marketing efforts... ...
 RT  This Week's Top 10 Package Designs on The Dieline: 
 Graphic Designer's April Fool's Joke.... Google: "Helvetica"...
 70 Useful and Free Social Media Icon Sets For Designers -  (via 
 RT  45 Useful and Effective Infographics. 
 RT  The Psychologist’s View of   -  RT 
 41 Beautiful Examples of Letterpress Business Cards | inspirationfeed.com  (via 
  Yay!!!! Go Zoe!!!! :) ♥
 The Dieline's Latest Top 10 Package Designs...    (via 
 Big Typography In Web Design     (via 
 RT  Understanding the Theory of Minimalism in Web Design. 
 RT  who sucks the most?: We can assume this is street art, but how mega-awesome would it be to learn that this was p... ...
 RT  New: Brilliant stop-motion set to Royksopp's Eple 
 RT  Shoelace alphabet 
 RT  The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. 
 RT  Amazing chalk typography by Dana Tanamachi.  
 RT  every building in nyc...drawn.: Artist James Gulliver Hancock is on a mission to draw every building in New York... ...
 RT  promoting yourself, one living room at a time: You've heard about the long tail, and micromarketing. Here's the ... ...
 ƒoℓℓoω ►          
 Bring on the Friday afternoon caffeine! :) || 40 Artful Examples of Coffee Art ||  (via 
 RT  Oh, Japan... RT  how cute is this snow eating robot?   
 Thanks to  for helping me learn letterpress tonight at the  Foils & Dies workshop! So much fun!
 what if video game characters were real?  (via 
 Banner ad FAIL: Location, location, location...applies to banner ads too.    (via 
 street art with nothing but tape...  (via 
 88 Brilliant Examples of Forced Perspective   (via 
 RT  ...I'd say yes. should Ad Agency Pitches and RFPs Be a Thing of the Past? 
 10 Tips for Effective Creative Brainstorming  (via 
 85 Creative Vector Illustrations -  (via 
 Free Fonts Originating from the Wild West | Cruzine   (via 
 20+ Awesome About Me Pages -  (via 
 RT  KILLER INFOGRAPHIC: You clicked this post's headline. Thus, you heart infographics. Lunchbreath hearts infograph... ...
 Pantone chip cookies...  (via 
 RT  Braided Typography. 
 Great discussion at   CU rebrand by Landor for the small price of $780K. (via 
 Research firm sees Twitter's ad revenue tripling -  (via 
 Crayola Goes 3D And Takes Street Chalk Art To Another Level -  (via  
 RT  
 WOW! || Fingerpainting done very, very well.  (via 
 How  works for small businesses...  (via 
 Useful HTML5 & CSS3 Toolbox For Web Developers -  (via 
 50+  Free / Useful Web Design/Development Tools -   (via 
 Open Letter to the Smiley Face Following an Insult.   // brilliant! (via   
 Productive Web Design w/ Adobe Illustrator?   (via  
 42 funny and creative print ads:  (via  )
 RT  40 Examples of Beautiful Typography in Web Design + 
 50 Remarkable Examples Of Typography Design   -   (via  
 RT  Czech & Polish Godzilla Posters  
 550+ Brilliant Free Photoshop Brushes...  (via 
 Latest Study: How The Fortune 100 Are Using Twitter...  (via 
 32 SEO Tactics to Avoid in 2011...  (via 
 Awesome! || Ad+ Ads inspired by Escher's work....  (via 
 it's ok to have fun at work ...  (via BrandFlakesForBreakfast)
 easy fonts = harder to remember...  (via BrandFlakesForBreakfast)
 20+ Best SEO Blogs to Follow and Polish Your SEO Skills -  (via 
 RT  Type metamorphosis never felt so pleasant 
 RT  50 Examples of Pixel Perfect Button Design | 
 A look at the new Starbucks logo... 
 RT  Top 10 Digital Advertising Innovations of 2010 - 
 RT  Interesting Facts about Edward Scissorhands Movie (12 pics) 
 Yahoo should keep Delicious! RT  Leaked Slide Shows Yahoo Is Killing Delicious & Other Web Apps - 
 Love it! RT  Like & Dislike Stamps 
 Nice! RT  Facebook's entire html right now: <html></html> Proof! 
 RT  Comic Sans walks into a bar & Barman says "We don't serve your type here." ...  
 Read and share this powerful and inspiring blog post by  | What an amazing Mom! | "My son is gay" 
 RT  5 Website Designs That Blew Us Away [Mashable Awards] - 
 RT   Transparent  Sprites   
 RT  Lorem break yo neck, yall dolor sizzle amizzle, that's the shizzle go to hizzle elit. Nullam sapien velit, owned the bi ...
 RT  38 New Social Media Resources You May Have Missed - 
 RT  Sony Retires the Cassette Walkman After 30 Years - 
 RT  A Fred Flintstone Inspired House: Architecture Inspiration - 
 RT  Some Denver history 
  – $10 OFF any service  through October 30th! Just mention Twitter! | 29th/Speer | 
 By far the best salon in Denver! | RT  $10 OFF any service through October 30th! Mention Twitter | 
 Vintage Design – 1900s Travel Posters   (via  
 Awesome! | Lego Letterpress: So brilliant, it hurts. Lego Letterpress from Justin LaRosa and Samuel Cox.   (via 
 RT  Use Cardboard Cutouts to Spell Out Upside-Down Shadow Words  
 Caramel, Vanilla and Mocha are delish! || Starbucks VIA Coupon -  
 I'm going w/fortunate mishap. Great read. | Was the Gap Logo Redesign a Publicity Stunt?  (via  
 The only redeeming quality that the new Gap logo had going for it....the kerning. || Gap Returns to Old Design - 
 Sesame Street: Smell Like A Monster [Old Spice parody] -  (via  
 Only in Colorado... watch out teachers! Hah. 
 10 Creative Calendar Concepts -    
 Yikes... the backlash is definitely worthy. || RT  New Gap logo ignites firestorm 
 Go away IE!!!! || Internet Explorer usage falls below 50% - 
 RT  Nice use of scare tactics    
 RT  The Color of Brands  
 RT  Collection: 39 Creative Global Warming Ads  
 Looking through bars hurts. Amnesty International poster -  (via adsoftheworld.com)
 Facebook 404 page   (via  
 The Square Grid - A Simple CSS Framework for Designers and Developers  (via  
 These remind me of my old neighborhood - ohhh FL,  when did nature go out of style!? :/ |  (via brandflakesforbreakfast)
 3D Paper Art by Jeff Nishinaka  (via 
 A working Lego camera - insane! | RT  Working Leica M8 created using Lego: 
 Wondering who ended up with the winning bid on my  deck... should have stayed until 10! 
 RT  Vintage Japanese monster illustrations by Toshio Okazaki a 1971 sonosheet book 
 Twitter Finally Gets An Official ReTweet Button  (via 
  can't put a price on awesome... :P
 Won your board for a friend  Awesome deck! :)
  rocked. it keeps getting better and better... can't wait for 2011! :)      
 RT  Camera body caps as pinhole lenses:  
 RT  5 Brilliant Advertising Campaigns - 
 RT  25 Examples of Graffiti & Street Art-Asia 
 I NEED this book! || RT   Photo: Nice writeup for I AM PLASTIC, TOO in Notcot. 
  Skateboard Art Fundraiser is Tonight! If you're near  - don't miss it!  Details...   
 Cannot wait for  tomorrow!     
 RT  High Speed Photography : Frozen in Time -   (via  
 Autumn hike through an Aspen grove...    
 RT  It's national punctuation day and this website is awful. 
 ƒoℓℓoω 2 ►       
 WOW!!!!  Van Gogh Paintings Tilt-shifted! So cool! || RT  Tilt-Shift Van Gogh 
 ƒoℓℓoω ►                    
 RT  Top 10 Handy Web  Tools -   
 How to kern type perfectly -  (via 
 RT   Good solid advice about html5 - 
 RT   Facebook Goes Down, Gallows Humor Ensues on Twitter 
 RT  Nielsen to use Facebook and other websites’ data for “ratings”?  (via   
 CSS3 is yielding some pretty amazing stuff...  (only viewable in Chrome/Safari) (via 
   awesome board! 
 Just dropped off my 2nd deck for  and got a sneak peek of what's in store... awesomeness x200...  :) 
 RT  Typography You Can Wear: Using Humans As Typeface - 
  Thanks! Did you do a board? Awesome illustration portfolio, btw!  :)
 woohoo! 2nd  deck is complete and just in time for the official 'slackers' deadline tomorrow! :) 
 Thanks for the RTs     
 Further proof that Google Maps is incredibly unreliable! Geez! | Google Maps 'loses' Sunrise, Florida  (via 
 Rice Field Art in Japan:  (via 
 Free fonts, courtesy of  -    
 Handmade typography...    (via 
 Eco-friendly Koi fish sculptures, decorated with sushi-grade typographic elements. Brought to you by House Industries - 
  a little late, but thanks for the  :)
 Fire Department Extinguishes Smoking Billboard -  (via AdRants)
 Wowzers! There's nothing like a major typo on a billboard. || There's a Pubic Hair on That Billboard -  (via AdRants)
 Pretty cool! | Try it before you buy it with the Neuvo Watch iPhone app -  (via BrandFlakesForBreakfast)
 Illegal Pete’s launches “Starving Artists Program” -  (via DenverEgotist)
  thanks for the RT! :)
 RT  Use Customized Fonts In Your Wordpress Blog With Google Font Directory...    
 RT  35 Free Fonts for Elegant Corporate Designs   
 RT  24 rooms tucked into one. Amazing  (NY Times) -  (via 
 RT  The amazing "a" chair:    
  Thank you! :) Fav'd a bunch of yours!
 RT  Expressive Web Typography: Useful Examples and Techniques   
  Just not looking forward to going through the clearing out process. I like following that many people! :)
 Hit my Twitter follow limit... what a crock.
  this is confusing! Hope the news outlets have some facts for us soon! :)
  I'm hearing there are 3 fires -   and RMNP
  That wildfire is too far south to be Ft. Collins, I'm in Denver.
 Really?  That's Estes. RT  RT  view of 2 wildfires  
 Wow! This is insane! RT   ...also have a report of fire in RMNP, 40 27.64 -105 31.42 (in reply to 
 Here's a view of two wildfires... not sure where the other is...    
  Looks like there's a second wildfire located between Boulder and Loveland... any news?
 View of wildfire from 54 miles away    
 Watch the slurry bomber fire fighting planes in action... live feed   
 RT  Amazing live video feed  fire  fire  
 Seriously! We need rain! RT  Is the whole state of  going to burn this month?  
 The  is seriously déjà vu... looks way worse than the images on the news websites! ...and I'm 54 miles away! 
 We need RAIN!!!!  
 View from Denver... another massive fire, VERY north of Boulder and Denver along the foothills... looks REALLY bad. 
 Boulder Fourmile Canyon Fire: Most Beautiful Shots of a Horrible Blaze... 
 RT  Showcase: 35 Creative and Inspiring 404 Pages 
 These are all great! || 45 Stunning Examples of Forced Perspective Photography...  (via 
 RT  Boulder's warning to residents west of Broadway. Read it yourself:   
  :) ...they need one of those in Danbury!
  - Hundreds of Bikes Make One Gigantic Sculpture (2 pics) (via 
 RT  You would need 282.6 billion pt Helvetica to reach the moon.  
   Hah! Thanks... how can you go wrong with cupcakes AND a mustache!? ;)
 Final artwork for my 1st  deck...uploaded to      
 RT  Inspiration: 30 Beautiful Textured Illustrations 
  Haha!  Awesome - I can totally picture that! You got me thinking now! ... thanks for the compliment too! :)
 RT  Get Inspired: 25 Cool Pieces of 3D Style Typograhy 
 Thx for the follow! RT  |  hello following based on   I like meeting new and creative people.
 Considering tweaking the layout of my Bordo Bello board, any suggestions? Should I add to the sides?    
  Don't people have better things to do with their time, than to re-structure grids for comment posts. Haha. Wow.
  I hear you on that! Most of the feedback out there is generally negative... vs constructive.
 ƒoℓℓoω 2 ►       
 Ridiculously Large Sock Puppet Eats Artist... 
  Well... Welcome to Denver! Bordo Bello sounds like it will be phenomenal this year... so, good timing! :)
  I was determined to do  least one deck after the last event... did you go in '09? Amazing illustration portfolio, btw! :)
 Thanks for the RT ♥   
 Here's the 1st of 3 skateboard decks I'm working on for     
 RT   School of Visual Arts subway posters from 50's & 60's 
 RT  Code Free Font | Fontfabric™ 
 RT   40+ Various High Quality Free Paper Patterns and Textures 
 RT  The origins of the "M-, m- and em-square" on   
 RT  Pictures: Huge Solar Storm Triggers Unusual Auroras -  Nat Geo News - 
 RT  30+ Business Card Designs 
 An Exploration of Modern    (via 
 RT  Creative - Stop-motion music video created 15,000 shots from a Canon 400D: 
 Awesome || RT  Mini MUNNY Fan-imation by Diego Mendoza for  
 Goodie Goodie Gumdrops... I too ♥ Kidrobot! | Kidrobot Hearts Bordo Bello |    :)
 15 Best CSS3 Generators  (via 
 60 Typography T-Shirts that you Should Buy  (via 
 Milton Glaser on Design Ethics  (via    
 RT  Concrete Espresso Machine 
  Thanks!
 RT  Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous!! Impressive: Printmaking, Letterpress & Graphic Design 
  Looking at templates on boardpusher.com, what size board?
 RT  100 Popular  Examples, Plugins and Tutorials » TemplateLite.com  ( 
 RT  50 Productive tools for serious web developers  
 Just registered for  (Skateboard Art Fundraiser). The turnaround is way too fast though! But I'm excited to start! ;) 
 RT  15 Famous And Successful Logo Redesigns – What Has Been Improved? 
 RT  10 Free Online Books for Web Designers 
 RT  Draw a Sasquatch the Ed Emberly Way 
 RT  House Yourself Like A Ninja | The Ninja Hotel - 
 RT  Periodic Table of Typefaces 
  rocks. I got immediate high quality responses to my freelance web developer job posting.
 Anyone know of any good contract web developers? We're looking. :) DM me.
 Clever || It's Fixed, but it moves -  (via Ads of the World)
 Beans & Beyond Extra Strong Coffee -  (via Ads of the World)
 Weekly Web Design and Development Inspiration N.50 -  (via 
 RT  6 Crucial Social Media Tips for Traditional Media 
 RT  The 5 Types of Blogs | Which One Suits You Best? - 
 Field of Flowers... 
  Pepe's Pizza... Lucky! The Flex looks awesome, btw.  
 RT  DJ Lance Rock dolls -     
 RT  45 Awe-Inspiring Landmarks Around The World -   
 Happy 4th!!!!
 Fav song  the moment... Warpaint - Krimson...   
 50 Beautiful Tree Pictures!  (via   
 Dreaming of a hike by moonlight... 
 The Art of Typography   (via 
 RT  RT  20 Amazingly Easy to Use Color Tools for Designers   
 Took a nice bike ride to work with  this morning... looking forward to the  bash later!!!   
 Well that... and lead paint of course.
 Whoa! Well that explains Van Gogh! RT  Creative people are just high functioning schizophrenics 
 RT  TEDxBoulder 
 Dress up your MacBook...  (via 
 RT            
 RT  Polaroid auctions its collection of photos by artists like Ansel Adams...    
 RT  People are getting very creative with 140 characters at  - 
 Haha... reflections to go... RT  Rooms To Go: I'm Making A Note Here, Huge Success - 
 FREE MP3 of "Elephants" by  -  (via pitch.com | 
 New fav band  !!!!! They need to visit Denver!
 RT  Q: Is it ethical to "scent brand" public places?  
 Bike To Work Day: Maps & Resources -     
 Bike To Work Day - Who's offering free breakfast tomorrow? Here's the list...     
 Looking forward to Bike to Work Day tomorrow... and the Bike From Work Bash!!!!     
 RT  In honor of the weekend: pictures of alcoholic drinks under a microscope. 
 Beautifully designed business cards...     
 ƒoℓℓoω ►           
 RT  Giant King Kong Footprints: 
 RT  32 Creative and Interesting Bento Boxes 
 RT  Ever Heard of a Lollipop Brand? – Apple and Nike Are Some! 
 30 Intriguing Examples of Tilt Shift Photography  (via  
 RT  RT  AT&T suspends iPhone pre-orders, Apple apologizes. 
 RT  YouTube Launches New Video Editor Tool [UPDATED] - 
 RT  Apple sells 600000 iPhone 4s in a day, shares up 
 RT   How About A Pixel Couch? - 
 RT  Illustration Type Experiments - 
 Can't wait to stop by  tonight and see Misty, Lacey and Kenley! :) 
 Thanks for the RTs    !!!! :)
 A Look at Modern, Clean Web Design -  (via 
 WOW!! ||| 3D Projection Mapping Taking The Advertising World By Storm  (via  
 RT  Brilliant Beer Can Creations - 
 ♥  !!!!
 RT  Murat Suyur's Clever Conceptual Photography: 
 75 Shocking Advertisements -  (via 
 RT  12 Useful Web Based Twitter Tools! - 
 Wow pretty cool! RT  "I ♥ Blur" text blur with CSS3: 
   I know I'm late to the game on your tweet... but heck yeah I would!
 RT  25 Great Examples of Good Typography in Packaging. 
 RT  "Creative businesses are not department stores. You do not have something for everybody." (by  
 RT  25 Handy Tools To Paste And Share Your Code Snippets 
 RT  Illustrations and giant Robots – Nick Hammo Hamilton 
 Had an awesome dinner on the patio  last night... if you live in Denver and haven't been... GO!
 RT  Geek Graffiti: "Talk nerdy." 
  Can't wait!!!! :)     
 Thanks for the RT  :)
 RT  Even better! Video time lapse of the chalk artists'  masterpiece created at DIA  
 Dude, You Smell Meat? 
 Which Spice Are You? Clever business-card idea from Gitam BBDO Israel...  (via DenverEgotist)
 50 Creative Streets with Amazing Illustrations  (via 
 94 Interviews With 39 Designers, Developers And Bloggers  (via 
 RT  Genius Photography by Vincent Dixon: 
 RT  This Electric 4-Door Will Blow You Away! - 
 Took the best hike ever this weekend  Arches National Park...  | ♥ Moab | 
 Argh! || Facebook Limits Landing Tabs To “Authenticated Pages”  (via     )
 The internet as we know it is reaching its limits... 
 WOW. || Advertising Agency Design | by Architect Jean de Lessard  (via 
 RT  35 Beautiful Examples Polar Panorama Photography | Creative Nerds 
 RT  Marks & Spencer 125 Years Anniversary Packaging 
 RT  Web TV Faceoff: Apple TV vs. Google TV - 
 35 Candy Package Designs That Tickle Your Sweet Tooth - PelFusion.com  (via 
  Haha. :)
  Haha. So whatcha whatcha whatcha wannnntt!?
  Yes you do. It's B Boys all day here when I'm not listening to Pandora. :)
  Haha! I saw your tweet when you 1st started working there... you're cool. Esp. because you like the music I contributed. :) :P
  Maybe our massive B Boys collection and my NIN set will even things out a little.
 Oh no! Ha. RT  Jessie's Girl is pumping though the office. I think we can thank  for this blast from the past.
 15 Brilliantly Clever Billboard Ads  (via  
 RT  Japan's Massive Comic Book Mural is a Sweet Send Off (7 total) 
 Urban Furniture Gone Practical : “Pop-Up”  (via  
 RT  The Hip 3-D Shades of the Future - 
 Typographic Candle Holders  (via 
 3D Sidewalk Chalk Art: 40 unbelievable photos  (via  
 The Political Economy of Trust: Not. -  and here  (via  | Whoops! Haha.
 Interview with a 12 Year Old iPhone Developer...  (via  
 8 Websites You Need to Stop Building...  (via  and brandflakesforbreakfast)
 RT  Coffee Loving Umbrella 
 RT  Remembering Cool Vintage Ads 
 RT  Ad Agencies: 94 Social Media Monitoring Tools and Solutions 
 RT  TechZader Mashable Readers Miss Being “Fans” on Facebook  (via 
 "Mahna Mahna" - Cake  Yay for Friday! :)
 RT  "His wife ditches him but leaves wedding dress (revenge pics)" - 
 Stunning packaging by  ... 
 Just had an awesome time  
 Thanks for the RT  !
 RT  50 beautiful navigation menus 
 Is Your Browser HTML5 and CSS3 Ready? [INFOGRAPHIC]  (via Mashable)
 Google Logo Constructed Out of 884 Photos [TIME-LAPSE VIDEO]  (via Mashable)
 RT  Boeing’s Social-Media Lesson  (via 
 The Slowest Loading Websites in the Fortune 500...  (via 
 Pantone for the iPhone - 
 RT  RT  Creative & Colorful Streets – Unique Graffiti Artwork 
 RT  Denver Bike Sharing Art by Chris Hecker 
 RT  Aerial images of the oil spill: 
 RT  Creative Examples of Round Die Cut Business Cards | Naldz Graphics 
 RT  85 Examples of Beautiful HDR Photography -  *Breathtaking!
 Dawn's Wildlife Rescue Ad Campaign Timely in Light of Environmental Disaster. Donations: $383k - 
 RT  5 Links Web Designers Will Love 
 RT  Rethink.Relearn.Redesign -  (via 
 RT  (via  This Piece Of Paper Is a Solar Panel [Solar Power] 
 RT  Embeddable Tweets Made Easy | Carsonified 
 RT  What Type of Creative Geek Are you? - The 56 Geek Types - 
 RT  Check out the Daily Inspiration 500 -  - 500 inspiring days. :)
  Sneaker Con 2010 NYC  (via 
 RT  Pistonhead Beer -
  Thanks for the RT! :)
 RT  Student Spotlight: Pure Bake Shop 
 RT  Cool gift site 
 RT  NEW: 5 Incredible Image Galleries:  *wow*
 First Friday Art Walk [Denver] - 
 RT  5 Differences Between Social Media and Social Networking - 
 RT  Facebook Is Hallmark’s New Way to Say “Happy Mother’s Day” - 
  Check this deal - Mother's get 40% off all spa services the entire month of May  
 Starbucks happy hour (May 7 to May 16, from 3 p.m. to 5 p.m.)... 
 RT  25 Letterpress / Embossed Business Cards -
 RT  Just learned that Facebook videos are now in HTML 5. Take that flash! 
 So happy for  !!!!
 RT  A Book Looking Very Much Like a Cup: 
 RT  2010 Logo Design Trends 
 Logo Design Characters -  (via 
 RT  Johnny Cupcake Cannon 
 Thanks for the  shout out!  :)
 Thanks for the  shout outs  and  ! :)
 RT   ! Wired Gadget Trade-in Recycling Program
 How The Top 500 Fastest Growing Corporations Are Using Social Media -  (RT   
 RT  The Japanese Postcard – Part 2. 
 RT  brandflakesforbreakfast: you think 140 characters is easy? 
 RT  Can laughing give you a workout? 
 RT  Amazing 3D posters by Ersinhan Ersin  Very creative! 
 Facebook's new  app shows you what your friends like...  (via 
 My day just got a little sweeter thanks to Juicy Fruit’s Serenading Unicorn. 
 RT  17 Creative Hot Air Balloons  (via  
 RT  6-pound Einstein may be the world's tiniest horse. See the photos:  -EC
 RT  The State of Web Development 2010 
 BTW fellow Denverites -  rocks !!!! And right now all new color clients receive their first cut FREE! 
 RT  5 awesome HTML5 demos 
 RT  Photos Combined with Pencil Drawings:  
 15 Bizarre Buildings from Around the World - 
 Now your car can take part in the mustache craze - 
 Typography soap... 
 Wow!  | 12 Exotic Treehouse Eco-Vacations... 
 30 Websites that Incorporate a Watercolor Effect  - 
 RT  Shepard Fairey x Cope2 Bomb The Bronx  
 RT  30 Examples Of Great Slideshows In Web Design 
 RT  40 Free Dual Screen Nature 
 40 Fresh Green Websites for your Inspiration -     (via 
  You're welcome. Nice to meet you! :)
 185+ Very Useful and Categorized  Tools, Tutorials, Cheat Sheets  (via  
 RT  Neo Japanesque Graphics. 
 RT  Art Installation by Kumi Yamashita - 
 Wow. Apparently  fired two Denver employees for being good samaritans... way to reward moral values... CORPORATE FAIL!
 RT  Lego Bricks with Over 2M Views? WOW! - 
 So glad no one got hurt! RT   60-ton rock. No vehicles involved. Crews will have to blast before reopening.
 7 News Denver has a photo of the 285 rockslide that made for an interesting ride home. Now that's a boulder... 
 What an interesting commute home! Thank goodness for Deer Creek. RT  - Rockslide closes southbound U.S. 285 
 RT  - Show me whatcha got! HTML 5 vs. Flash Showcase | Design Woop  (via  
 RT  - 29 Fascinating CSS3 Tuts & Resources -  (via 
 Because every good meeting deserves great sound effects -  (via brandflakesforbreakfast 
   Awesome about the NY Marathon and the cause!
  You're so close! :)
 ƒoℓℓoω 2 ►             
 RT  So you love typography?! Then you NEED the Font Game for iPhone 
 RT  New $100 Bill Released by U.S. Treasury 
 RT  Nice table of typefaces ..   
 Showcase of Die Cut Business Cards...  (via 
