 RT  I need this graphic in a printable size to tape to my desk. 
  "Hey! I just got a retweet."  Thanks. 
  Yes, they do. Thanks for the tweet. 
 What mobile apps are essential for collaboration on the go? — Online Collaboration: Comments:As you know, I beli... 
 How to be the Cheerios Guy of Conversion Marketing  via  by 
  Thanks for the tweet. 
  I appreciate the kind words and the sharing. 
  Thanks for the tweet. 
 RT  New  speakers blog: "How to be the Cheerios Guy of Conversion Marketing" 
 Landing Page Battles Of The Flat Foreheaded  via  by 
  Thanks for the tweet 
 10 Ways to Use QR Codes for Better Conversion Rates | Unbounce  via 
 Why Split-Testing is Like Sex in High School | Copyblogger: Comments:This is just one example of how copy on tec... 
 Split Test Checker: I just downloaded the  split testing tool - go get your copy (it\'s free): 
 How Images Improve -or Destroy – Conversion Rates: Comments:Stock photography is the lazy designer's crutch. Iro... 
 How Images Improve—or Destroy—Conversion Rates — 
 My answer on  to: What is the number one marketing tool that small businesses should us... 
 boagworld.com by Mobify: Comments:Wireframes are one of the tools I use to communication page changes to Convers... 
 Continue Your Study of Conversion - Two Links - 
 Blog SMO Guide: How to Apply Social Media Optimization to Your Blog in 33 Steps  by 
 RT  Website Conversion Science: Converting visitors into customers  New  with 
 The brick oven at Grimaldi's in New York 
  Thanks for the kind words. That article has generated quite a bit of LInkedIn conversation for me. 
 When was the last time you got a room key like this? Am I staying in a Western movie? 
 Seth's Blog: Articulating your preferred use case (what's it for?): Comments:What Seth calls a "Use Case" we cal... 
  They're talking about books at Austin Content Marketing Meetup 
  "Do unto others as they would have you do to them."
  "Waiting for Your Cat to Bark?" by TheGrok and JeffreyGroks. The bible of conversion strategy.    Brian...
 Conversion Optimization: The grand-slam of website design | Philly Marketing Labs: Comments:Wonder what your con... 
 Wishing e were in Europe with  
 Name tag conversion science at  
 It's make your own name tag night at  for  
 At  hosted by  Great crowd. Are you here?
 Get a sample of your own Book of Swagger 
 The Book of Swagger feeds C-suite folks with information that helps to set the agenda.
 Just commented on 23 Ways to Leverage a Blog Post for Content Marketing Success  by 
  I'm totally missing the reference to John Malkovich. Help me out.
 23 Ways to Leverage a Blog Post for Content for Marketing Success: Comments:Once you've blown your Web developme... 
 Conversion Optimization for Online Video - 10 Things to Test: Comments:Here are some good answers to burning que... 
 Book of Swagger: The future. "Your communications toolkit becomes the basis for looking to the future." 
 The New Logic of High Impact Selling via Illuminating the Future: - Are you struggling to accelerate sales ... 
 Go Negative or Go Nowhere via Illuminating the Future: - Sales people tend to be inveterate optimists. They ... 
 What it Takes to Win the Complex Sale via Illuminating the Future: - Struggling to reach your growth ... 
 RT  Soyculto's Conversion & CRO Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    
 Book of Swagger prologue: "A short narrative that sets the stage for the story." 
  Thanks! 
 Book of Swagger Conflict and resolution: Talk about the drama of “wins” and “revelations” 
 Book of Swagger prologue: "A short narrative that sets the stage for the story." 
 Book of Swagger-Give the  something to brag about. 
 How does the C-Suite Understand Online Sales Conversion? The Book of Swagger 
 RT  Conversion-Kitchen wurde gerade veröffentlicht!  ▸ Titelthemen heute:  < Ausgezeichnet!
 RT  The 10th Discipline of Social Media; Socializing Your Content Effectively   by 
  Thanks for the tweet. 
  Thanks for selecting my LinkedIn profile as a best practice in bnet article. 
 Smart marketing in the era of agile commerce | VentureBeat: Comments:Ironically, one of the best models for agil... 
 RT  Conversion-Kitchen is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    
    Thanks for the retweets. 
 "5. Take A Non-Commodity Approach" 5 Ways to Jump Ahead in Your Industry | The Conversion Scientist 
 41 Other Blogs You May Enjoy  We are  on the  Top 42 Content Marketing Blogs
 "4. Know Your Numbershttp://bit.ly/jPW3z3" 5 Ways to Jump Ahead in Your Industry | The Conversion Scientist 
  I promise I'm not compensating for anything. 
  Several short job search attitude videos can be found here: 
  Thanks for the tweet. Did you connect with Jane?
 "3. Invest where it Counts" 5 Ways to Jump Ahead in Your Industry | The Conversion Scientist 
  ...I didn't already have a BMW.
 Top 5 Metrics for Auditing Your Social Media Marketing ROI: Comments:Leads, customers and conversion rate round ... 
  I'm blushing here...
 "2. Develop A Testing Culture" 5 Ways to Jump Ahead in Your Industry | The Conversion Scientist 
 RT  more          
  That Texan would be me, I guess. Thanks for the ff.
 RT  The 9th Discipline of Social Media: Listening. Building Your Social Media Dashboard  < Love free and cheap
  Thanks for the tweet. 
  I like it this size:  ...but that's just me ;-)
  Thanks for the kind words. Most businesses haven't seen the graph of the Internet transforming their industry. They don't know.
 "1. Accept The Internet As A Lever" 5 Ways to Jump Ahead in Your Industry | The Conversion Scientist 
 "Develop A Testing Culture" 5 Ways to Jump Ahead in Your Industry | The Conversion Scientist 
 RT  The OptimiseOrDie daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via   
 RT    We loved the article!  CC:   < Thanks for the great info
  Thanks for the tweet.
  Here's the link to the Extra Space story. Sorry for the omission. 
  Jump to your heart's content! 
 RT  5 tips om een voorsprong te nemen in jouw markt  via  < In Dutch! I love it.
 How Extra Space is becoming the Zappos of the Self Storage industry.
 5 Ways To Jump Ahead In Your Industry  via 
 RT  The Considered Purchase applies to my business  - Good info from Conversion Scientist
 Borowitz Report - Obama Says US Not Deserting Afghanistan: ‘We Will Continue to Follow You on Twitter’: 
  Is the implication here that MOST tech projects fail regardless of size. I'd buy that.
  "Bad call?" Only time will tell. Speculative? Yes. They have really good people working in their data centers.
  Interesting. I get a lot of food-oriented scientific method stuff.
 HomeDepot plans $1.1 billion program aimed at improving its web presence. Big monolithic projects rarely succeed. 
  Split testing cookies? How do you measure your results? (and how do I get in on that study)
  That sounds rather chaotic. How about changing on thing about a tried and true recipe. That works.
 RT  Soyculto's Conversion & CRO Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     ...
 I need examples of the scientific method in everyday life: hypothesize, experiment, measure, analyze. Got one? 
 RT   You mean people are still doin  ? < French Fries will always be big.
 7 Reasons to Add QR Codes to Content Marketing « noeliamerejo: Comments:Some good data on QR code and smartphone... 
 RT            
 I’m attending the next   networking event.  Who’s in? 
 10 kick-ass features in Google Analytics v5 | Internet Marketing Strategy: Conversation Marketing: Comments:If G... 
 How To Track Social Conversions On Landing Pages: Comments:Thanks  for an incredibly helpful and ... 
 3 Low Hanging A/B Testing Opportunities To Increase Conversion Rate: Comments:The three most important things... 
 Love Your Life Summit brought to you by ItsAllAboutWomen.com: Comments:Good example of using "persona tabs" on a... 
 Finally. Rain.
  Thanks! 
 The  PanelPicker opens today and so I've opened the SXSW PanelPimper. 
  what gave it away?
  Thanks, Elijah.
 The SXSW PanelPicker opens tomorrow and so I've opened the SXSW PanelPimper. 
 RT  The Deep Eddy Times is out!  ▸ Top stories today via  
 I've made plans for 2012 SXSW PanelPicker Meet Up 
 I'm going to a Meetup with Your Inside Track Party (TM) [Austin & World] 
 Google Adwords CTR Validity Tool: Comments:Tells you if you have a large enough sample to determine if one solut... 
 Asymmetric Dominance aka Decoy Theory: Comments:Proven in experiments by Dan Ariely in "Predictably Irrational" ... 
  Thanks for all of your retweets.
  Youre the first person to diagnose my writing. I hope "sick"is good in this case.
 RT  7 Practices to Increase Weekly Actives on Your Facebook Page  < Lots of goodness in this post.
 RT  How to Use Content to Convert Customers: Video of  on the Hot Seat 
 42 Content Marketing Experts Lead Junta42′s Final Top Blogs List: Comments:The Conversion Scientist is  - B... 
 The Conversion Scientist is  among the best content marketing blogs I've ever read. Thanks to all of our... 
 5 Steps for Creating a Newsletter from Your Blog | OpenView Blog: Comments:My favorite content strategy is the b... 
  All analytics is an estimate. The more data the better. Self-reported data (survey) is OK. Behavioral data is much better.
 RT  The Deep Eddy Times is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     + Me!
   Thanks for the retweet. 
 How to Track Google +1 and Facebook Like Button Clicks: Comments:If it isn't measureable, it didn't happen. - Br... 
 RT  12 Ways to Get Readers to Take Action 
 RT  Step-by-Step Guide to Using Facebook Ads for Content Marketing  by  < Thanks for the mention
 RT  3 Reasons Your White Paper is Failing  <Thanks for the mention.
  We were on the big island. Have you been there?
 The heat coming from the jetway door tells me we are home after a week in Hawaii.
 Just finished day one of Conversion School at the Phone Smart  Un-conference in Hawaii.
 "The best traffic flows FROM social networks." How Mark Zuckerberg Stole Your Search Traffic 
 New & returning funnels in Google Analytics 
  Thanks for the retweet
 "Invite visitors to your social networks after they have signed up for your mailing list or  purchased something." 
 Case Study: KISSinsights and KISSmetrics – The 1-2 Punch for Increasing Conversion: Comments:This is a great exa... 
  Back atcha
 The Persuader, who knows how to build a case for a reader to take action. 5 Conversion Copywriters 
  Thanks for the retweet. 
 "Even if you have a pimped-out Facebook page with custom tab, you are playing a losing game." How Mark Zuckerberg... 
 From The Writer’s Garage: A Closed Loop Marketing Overview: Comments:Closed loop includes conversion. - Brian Ma... 
  Thanks for the retweet, Dude.
  Ooo. More than I thought.
  Thanks you very much.
  Happy Friday. Thanks for all the tweets.
   Happy Friday to you too.
  That's my favorite tweet of the month. Thanks for that.
  Thanks for including me... and thanks for the link to  article, too. 
  Is it a coincidence that Dope could be short for Dopamine?
 The Soviet-era propagandist, for copy that is designed to brainwash the reader. 5 Conversion Copywriters 
 "...every time someone mentions us publicly we get a squirt of dopamine in our brains." How Mark Zuckerberg Stole... 
  Thanks, Jay. 
 New comments on"How Mark Zuckerberg Stole Your Search Traffic & What to do About It." 
  Thanks for the kind words. 
 The Frustrated Novelist, a copywriter who doesn't want to ruin the end. 5 Conversion Copywriters 
 RT  Those blue logos and little red/orange notification icons are like a hit of crack:   <Yes
  Someone's going to have to explain  to me.
 RT  Impedir que las redes sociales roben su tráfico: la clave es usarlas en el punto correcto  <Spanish
 RT  Gondolatébresztő: amikor a Facebook és Twitter ikonok kivezetik a látogatókat a site-ról ->   <Hungarian!
  I just replied to you and a couple of other commenters.  How Mark Zuckerberg Stole Your Search...
  You sound like the victim of referrer madness ;-)
 The SEO "Substituter" for copy that only a search engine could love. 5 Conversion Copywriters 
 Memphis, Texas is the seat of my Dad's family. Population tiny. Who'd have thought to write a song about it. 
  No Chrome book... yet. Android tablets and iPads still rock.
    Dopamine.  Mmmm. Now what am I supposed to be working on?
  Thanks for the  Science retwteet. 
  Nice summary. Thanks for the tweet. 
 "The social networks are plotting to take your traffic if you give them the chance." How Mark Zuckerberg Stole... 
  I just replied. Thanks for the comment. 
  Thanks. 
  Thanks for the RTs. 
  Hopefully not anymore. Thanks for the tweet. 
  Thanks for the kind words. 
  >Squirt< Thanks for the dopamine. 
  I just got a dopamine squirt from you. Thanks to    
 New comments on "How Mark Zuckerberg Stole Your Search Traffic & What To Do About It" 
  Thanks for the kind words. 
  I appreciate the tweets. 
  Thanks for the compliment. 
  gets a mention in my new  column "How Mark Zuckerberg Stole Your Search Traffic" 
 This is my newest Search Engine Land column. Do you have social media chiclets on your site?
  If you're selling jewelry or clothes, your photos should be high qual and show the product, true of other biz sites too.
  Appreciate the retweet. How are things?
  Thanks, Laura.
  If I was doing any better, I'd have to be two people. You?
  You get my vote for most intriguing Twitter profile. Thanks for the kind words.
  They are WORTH it.
  Thanks.
  You can write the next one. Thanks for the kind words.
 RT  Great post by my friend Brian Massey.  < Thanks!
 The styrofoam sandwich writer, for copy as "squeaky as a Styrofoam sandwich." 5 Types of Copywriters 
 RT  Love this! RT  How to Find the Right Copywriter for your Landing Pages  by  < Thanks
 VIDEO; Brian Massey on the  Hot Seat: Content and Conversion -  Thanks 
  Thanks again for the tweet.  
  Thanks for the retweet. 
  Great post. Love the Seeker vs. Browser. Of course, Conv Scientists often just let the browsers go. 
 RT  How to Find the Right Copywriter for your Landing Pages 
  Thanks for the pointer to  Great resource.
  You are so very kind. Thanks for your support.
  Thanks for the retweet.
  Thanks for the tweet.
 "Only ask for information you will use." Landing Page best practices for content marketing. The Conversion Scientist 
  I know that  and  cover analytics accuracy vs. precision in their presentations.  may have info.
  Thanks for sharing.
  Good morning to you
 RT  conversion  escalats via science beneath art of developing great content IF thoughtful and learn rudiments 
 RT  Never seen a study where pop-ups didn't increase conversions.  
  That's what she said...
  Thanks so much for all of the tweets you did during my  hot seat presentation. You rock.
 RT  Clicks & Conversions Daily is out!  ▸ Stories today via    
 Tension As Motivation 
  Here's an example of a "low budget" photo that beats any stock photo.  Use photos to communicate!
 RT  Don't ask for info you don't need. Will decrease your conversion rate.  
 RT  Tag your links to track conversions.   << Downlaod Spreadsheet at 
 RT  Using stock photography is like putting a mannequin at the check out counter.   <thanks
  Thanks for coming out.
 What an incredible crowd today for the  Meetup hot seat. Thanks   for the invitation.
  <blush>
 "Make forms the right length." Landing page best practice for content marketing. The Conversion Scientist 
  see you there.
 RT  We flll fast but join  on hot seat: Austin Content Marketing Meetup! noon today  
 Landing page best practices for Content Marketers. "Let the visitor know where they are in the process" 
 With apologies to all of my designer friends, this is hilarious. "The Pshychopathic Designer" 
 How Social Media Marketers Can Convert Attention Into Action: Comments:Conversion Science is becoming a cate... 
 RT  Content Marketing Case Studies: 5 Companies that “Get It” [Video] 
 RT  Designers, look around your office. If you don't see the crazy one, it's probably you. Find out: 
  Yes. Stop hijacking my internet connection.
  If you run a site as a service, give visitors something to do right away; on the home page, on landing pages.
 RT  The Deep Eddy Times is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    
  You can only keep it simple if you believe that solving a visitor's problem is the best online brand experience.
 RT  RT  Landing page best practices: "Remove the distractions"   {Amen} < Thanks
  I'm always glad to generate a guffaw. Now, to make you chortle...
  Thanks for the tweet.
 Landing page best practices: "Remove the distractions"  The Conversion Scientist Bloghttp://bit.ly/iHgj3y
 With apologies to all of my designer friends, this is hilarious. "The Pshychopathic Designer" 
 Infographic Marketing Tips: 11 Ways to Promote - Online Marketing Blog: Tags: infographic, infographby: Brian Massey 
 One definition of Conversion: the 'seeing what sticks' part of throwing s**t against the wall. Most of us are just throwing. 
 RT  SEO content marketing roundup, week ending May 25th | SEO Copywriting 
 RT  Can't make it to  Marketing Meetup?  tune in at 12 for the Ustream: 
  I love android, but I'm just not as productive without the stylus and full-blown office suite.
  Does the HTC Flyr run Windows 7? Can't beat Windows' stylus support. I love my HTC Evo, but not the same as Windows.
  :-D
 Landing page best practices for Content Marketers. "Pitch the offer, not your company"  via 
 With apologies to all of my designer friends, this is hilarious. "The Pshychopathic Designer" 
 Need to buy a new tablet copmuter. Liking the  ThinkPad X220T. Anyone think this is a bad idea?
 I'm on the hot seat at the Austin Content Marketing Meetup 
  thanks for the tweet. RT  5 Landing Page Best Practices for Content Marketing 
 RT    Yay! me too! can't wait to see you there! < Looking forward to seeing you both.
 RT  -  on the hot seat for the Austin Content Marketing Meetup! You should come! meetu.ps/1nC4L 
  I agree! Unfortunately, the author is not on Twitter yet. Yes, one of those.
 Business owners beware of  Expired credit card? "Payment overdue" barrier page for all employees to see. No call. No email.
  Thanks for the tweet. Landing Page Basics: Making Your Content Marketing Convert 
 With apologies to all of my designer friends, this is hilarious. "The Pshychopathic Designer" 
  Can you add anything about PPC to this conversation? 
 More retweets. Thanks    
 Thanks for the retweets       
   But the hoopnipple directly under the fizgrigging should rectify the problem. Wait! No interstitials here.
 Finally Austin has a group focused on Content Marketing. You should come! 
 RT  Hey folks,  on the hot seat for the Austin Content Marketing Meetup! You should come!   ...
 With apologies to all of my designer friends, whom I love, this is hilarious. "The Pshychopathic Designer" 
 With apologies to all of my designer friends, this is hilarious. "The Pshychopathic Designer" 
 100 Awesome Marketing Stats, Charts, & Graphs [Data]  
  But it's human nature to publish studies that affirm what we know (or want) to be true.
  I tested email vs.  Most businesses don't. They _perceive_ email to be better than other channels, usually begrudgingly.
  My article featuring your ezytire page will go live on CMI on Monday. Thanks for the great example.  
 Google Instant Preview: A Game-Changer For Landing Pages: Comments:Poor post-click marketing experiences can ... 
  I saw this guy on an ad for a Sprint  campaign.  Now I kinda get it. Thanks.
  Ah. Individual marketer surveys probably aren't effective. But you start to see patterns. Ex: Email always in top 3.
  Hell of a question in 140 chars. Try me by email maybe?
 Email Marketing - Small Business Marketing: Social Surging, Email Still Most Effective : MarketingProfs Article:... 
 11 Digital Marketing / Analytics "Crimes Against Humanity" | Occam's Razor by Avinash Kaushik: Comments:I couldn... 
 RT  When I think of conversions... I think of Brian Massey "The Conversion Scientist"... 
 Manticore™ Technology: Comments:How to prime your champions with talking points in the considered purchase. - Br... 
  Re-majiggering is dangerous work. Wear your lab coat and protective eyewear at all times.
 A/B testing: five informative case studies | Econsultancy: Comments:Five Conversion Case Studies - Brian MasseyT... 
 Connect with your ideal visitor  via  (Yes, please do to increase conversion rates)
 RT  Don't tell me what you offer; tell me what I *get*   
 Sources of Power for CMOs  from 
 Please Like Us on Facebook  via 
 Reporting: The Agile Marketer's 'Flop'  via  featuring 
 RT  Soyculto's Conversion & CRO Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via   
  Offer something valuable in your popup and it will generate gratitude. Avoid "Subscribe to our newsletter." Have some fun.
 Thanks for the tweet 
 Thanks for the tweets    
  Nobody claims to like popups, but I've never heard of a case in which they didn't increase conversions. Try Popup Domination.
 "Post Red Pen Stress Disorder: Writers don’t know how to defend themselves." 
 Pee-pee chips anyone? 
 'Figure out what works for humans as well as the search engine. Then practice and charge a whole lot of money." 
 This is the brother that got the cool gene. Now he plays in Austin. 
 CRO Writing Tips  – 6 Rules | Conversion Detectives: Comments:Their the Car Talk Brothers of Online Conversion... 
 "A good copywriter watches the numbers." 
 RT  A programmer, entrepreneur, marketer & writer walk into a bar – wait, they're all  < Sweet way to call me a joke.
  That quote can be take so many wrong ways. Great to hear from you.
 I'm going to a Meetup with Your Internet Marketing Party(tm) [Austin and World] 
 Write a video script, summarize for the landing page, create the blog posts, then cram it all into 140 characters. 
  You're so good to me with the retweets.  -
 We killed Brad Pitt (metaphorically) this morning at the SpecTECHular from  Now we're talking Analytics over Chuys fajitas.
  OH MY. I had forgotten about that. Hmmm.
  I was going to sell lab coats at buyschtuff.com. You clearly have that awesome marketing quality: curiosity.
 Looking for stories for my new book: I need an assumption that sounded good at first but turned out to be very untrue.
  Thanks for the tweet. 
 RT  Truth: "A good copywriter watches the numbers."  RT 
 The <title>, <meta> description and URL of a page are the organic equivalent of a PPC ad. Brilliant.  by 
  "Click Here" is considered very generic, however these words work well in some tests. Better "click here" than no call to act.
 'Figure out what works for humans as well as the search engine. Then practice and charge a whole lot of money." 
 "Post Red Pen Stress Disorder: Writers don’t know how to defend themselves." 
 "Know the person who typed in the page URL or search term, and why. Then make them glad they did." 
 "A good copywriter watches the numbers." 
 Write a video script, summarize for the landing page, create the blog posts, then cram it all into 140 characters. 
 'Figure out what works for humans as well as the search engine. Then practice, and charge a whole lot of money." 
  What a great list. I wonder how I got on it. Thanks  
  Thanks for sharing. 
  Thanks! 
 5 Conversion Features To Demand From Service Providers  via  featuring  
          Thanks! 
  Thanks for the tweet. 
  Thanks for the kind words. 
  Thanks for the tweet, Mel.
    Thanks for all the tweets. 
 RT  The MktgBill Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    
 RT  Interview with the Conversion Scientist, Brian Massey | SEO Copywriting 
  I think I'm going to cry. How sweet. Thanks for letting me know.
 Find out where your School District spends money:   
  I find it interesting that Osama bin Laden was killed in Islamabad about the time you were there. 
 22 Creative Landing Page Designs – A Showcase, Critique, and Optimization Discussion | Unbounce: Comments:If you... 
   Even my 83-year-old grandmother can friend me on email.
 8 Tactics to Optimize Welcome Email and Welcome Series | ClickZ: Comments:Good email stuff from  on... 
 RT  Don't miss SpecTECHular May 5th in  FREE Seminars w/Twitter stars    
  Thanks. I gave you guys a plug in my up-coming Search Engine Land column.  Wathc for it here: 
  Ah, that DM. I was so looking for an adjective.
 I just registered for PubCon Las Vegas 2011! 
 The formula for an effective  landing page.  
 Using Testimonials Effectively: How credibility indicators can help (or hurt) your conversions: Comments:"People... 
 The Fallacy of Viral Video (Showfur)  
  I got it. You must have worked your magic on it.
  Thanks. What is "DM?"
 Do you know the difference between video and conversion video? 
 Marketers, this is an important conference-Content Marketing World - Sept 6-8   Early bird ends April 30.  
  Hmmm. Camera seems a little shakey. Related issue?
   I had a great time, learned a lot and enjoyed presenting at 
 His first catfish. Big day. 
 RT  Great seeing        (cont) 
 Don Lampasone recommends "We got your B roll"  
 Getting the lowdown on shooting video at  
 RT  Brian Massey, ConversationScientist.com,lowdown on video leads 2 sales  VideoCamp Texas III 
 Great questions during my Chemistry of Video presentation at 
  Yes, I met  at  Will you be at VideoCamp today?
 Join me at "Austin  Content Marketing Tweetup" on Apr 29th. RSVP at   
 The folks at  just gave me a bunch of free credits, out of the blue. How easy (and effective) was that?
 Privacy or Convenience: Who Wins?  via 
    Thanks. Don't for get        
 Increase conversions through comparison shopping | The Post Click Marketing Blog: Comments:Providing choice for ... 
 Increase conversions through comparison shopping | The Post Click Marketing Blog  via 
 The question about popups generated some discussion at   this week. Here's more info. 
   not only do you two light up a room, you light up a whole opera house, too.
     I'm good for a post-vidcamp reunion.
    Got a thing Friday night. Dang. I could hang for a bit at 5.
   thanks. Let me know if you have questions.
 "  imagine a  labcoat with all your client logos on it." Not as cool as a NASCAR driver, though. 
 Choosing an Email Service Provider: Comments:What could be more important? - Brian MasseyTags: email, service, p... 
 5 Tips to Recapture Cart Abandonment : Page 1 of 2 : Retail Online Integration: Comments:Forrester Research find... 
 The 5 Pillars of Web Engagement Management: Comments:Web Engagement Management (WEM) is a strategy for how an or... 
 Are Digital Marketers Ignoring Baby Boomers? - eMarketer: Comments:Boomers spend more time and money online than... 
  I Love the  folks, and I love  too. You guys have a great service. Can you do lab coats?
 RT  The Deep Eddy Times is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    
  You are too kind.
 RT  The Evolution of the Landing Page -  4/19 7pm   
 How to Create a High Converting Facebook Fan Page | Business 2 Community: Tags: social, media, landing, page, fa... 
  gives us his take on MLM 
 Cub Scouts know how to have fun: Egg drop contests 
  Thanks for the tweet. Talk to you in a minute.
  Thanks for the compliment.
  I hope you like it. Thanks for the tweet.
  Thanks for the tweet. I love that phrase "droppin science..." 
 Kate Buck Jr is great in front of a crowd. 
 Web Tracking By Marketers For Marketers - iTrackerPro: Comments:Recommended by Kate Buck, Jr. - Brian MasseyTags... 
 Facebook Commerce Springing Up: No Plug-in Required  via  by 
 Top 5 Web Design Mistakes Small Businesses Make: Tags: web, designby: Brian Massey 
 The Serial Test: "It begins with the ability to measure traffic and track the very leads and sales that sustain you." 
 RT  Soyculto's Conversion & CRO Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     ...
 If you're still trying to "manage" your time, you should hear what  has to say at Monday's Netwstorming 
 Serial Testing: "Only Big Differences Count. Therefore stake your decisions on large changes." 
  Call it Texcel?
  Thanks for the retweet. How you doing since 
  Thanks for the tweet. Just noticing avatars for       
 "Your Social Media Avatar and Conversion" The Conversion Scientist 
 12 Insider Techniques to Increase White Paper Leads | ClickZ: Comments:Whitepapers are great lead generators - B... 
 How to optimize your conversion rate without your tech team: Comments:Some good tools that don't require IT - Br... 
 RT  How do you increase social influence? Don't think about the score Brian Solis … (cont) 
  Thanks for the retweet, John.
 RT  Soyculto's Conversion & CRO Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories    
 "Test Duration: Hold fast, for we must first discuss statistical significance."  
  Thanks, Matt. 
  Thanks for the mention.
  Thanks for the tweet, David.
 Thanks for the tweets  and 
 "Gather close, dear friends and hear my words of warning." The power of Serial Testing. 
 Fundamental Guidelines Of E-Commerce Checkout Design - Smashing Magazine: Comments:Great study on why people aba... 
 Fill Your Online Sales Cup with Serial Testing (Excerpt)  
 I thought you might get a kick out of this.
 How many email touches produces results. You should know your "drop number"  by 
