    Good morning!!!!! I hope that you have a great day as well!
  - Pink Millionaires!!
 Looking for some Phoenix residents to join me on the quest to $1mil!! View the short movie at  and get back to me!!!
 Stay healthy, Get Wealthy!! Organo Gold - 
 I'm super excited about Organo Gold!!!! Looking for business partners to join in me in becoming debt-free in 60 days!!! 
  Thank you!! I am so excited!!!
 
 Looking for fellow LOA followers
 Gotta check this out -- it's the real deal -- 
 Making Perfect Scents:  via 
 Going to do some more social networking about Brookline and VOiparty!!!
  LOLOL!!
 I am enjoying my life! I am sold out at Brookline (www.richport.com) and VOiparty is good ()! God is GREAT!
 Check out my new business with VOiparty!! It's a party going on - don't miss it! 
 www.richport.com
 Ummmm...let's see what to tweet about....well, I only have 1 home left in Brookline - the model  $147,900! Taking pre-sales!!
 I haven't tweeted in forever! I'm a Facebook fan! I can't believe I haven't been on this site in 10 months!!!
 wondering why agents don't call you back about their listings!! Are you trying to NOT sell a home today!?!?
 is going to write another contract!! Yes, God is Good!!!
 Re-shaping showcase  Brookline tonight  7pm. See you there!
 Check us out  www.fit4thekingdom.drop3sizes.com
 is getting her biz on: Go Ardyss!! !!
 WHYYYYYY!!! Someone is sending ME emails from MY twitter account. What the heezy!!
 Upscale Community...City Life Conveniences...Small Town Charm, Brookline, $159,900.00-
 "Come Get Fit With Brookline in 2009"! Free membership to upscale, local gym comes with every purchase! www.richport.com/brookline
 internet marketing for Brookline! 
 is looking forward to this wonderful week filled with contracts and great traffic!
 promoting Brookline  Come on and send your loved ones. You'll get $1000 when they close on their home!
 is attracting 50 more buyers for her community. Come on because I know you're out there!!
 . 3 bedroom, 2 bath ranch home, front porch, formal dining room, absolutely adorable!!
 Has sold another one!!
 claiming that her Bennington plan is SOLD this weekend!!! Woo Hoo!!!! www.richport.com/brookline 3.5% fixed rate financing!!
 Reading more on LOA
 Ask me about my special financing promotion  Brookline. Fixed rate starting  3.5% on our Bennington plan. www.richport.com/brookline
 is promoting Brookline. Earn $1000 by telling someone about the community!! Ask me how!! 
 is about to blog on . Won't you visit?
 is making connections for Richport and Uppercase Living demonstrations! 
  lol...yes, this show is going to have me "hooked"!
 is watching the premier of 24!
 inviting people to check out my e-boutiques:  and 
 Promoting Brookline -- Go Richport (www.richport.com)
 is at work promoting Brookline, www.richport.com
 is about to go play on Facebook. Yeah, I'm addicted!! LOL
 If you would like to be in the know about what's going on at Richport Properties visit ! Refer a friend!
 browsing around  -- swing by!
 I'm attending THE 4TH ANNUAL JINGLE MIX & MINGLE (Atlanta's Premier Networking Event) -- 
 is doing some online training with Booty Parlor ()
 Is about to start her Realtor ethics training!!
 is wishing she knew someone who could take beautiful headshots for the low low!
 is watching Real Housewives of Atlanta (re-runs) and planning a Booty Parlor party for a friend!
 browsing around  -- swing by!
 is excited about the new Kissaholics Anonymous site by Booty Parlor!!! Go BP!!
 Praising God that I was able to see another day! Thank you for your grace and mercy, God! You are so good!
 is sending the link to her GNO party. Click on www.bootyparlorparties.com/christine, shop away, and enter event id 3210  check out.
 excitedly awaiting my Uppercase Living catalogs and Booty Parlor hostess link!
 Just found out about TwitterLocal.net!! Cool!!!!
 checking emails to see who's been naughty and who is being nice :-)
 Checking emails and playing on Facebook.
 time_names_barack_obama_presidential_material_jump_the_gun 
 time_magazine_cover_barack_obama_may_be_next_president 
 Promoting Brenton Bowles with Home America Mortgage -- 678-428-2731
 Advertising my new home community in Covington -- www.richport.com
 writing a contract hopefully
