 Meeting at the whichwich! ( Which Wich) 
 I just unlocked the "Adventurer" badge on  
 The Tuesday Cow Tip is in: How Do You Use Social Media for B2B Businesses? 
  Thanks for the RT!
 More than ever before, brands are tied to customer experiences.: 
 How a simple promo can make for a bad customer experience 
 Speaking to the Healthcare Business Woman's Association. ( Braza Brazilian Restaurant) 
 I'm at General Store Cafe (39 West Street, Pittsboro) 
  Not too happy about the new pricing model. Was a loyal customer... rethinking it now. 
 Your Tuesday Cow Tip is here: good info is about knowing what data to track 
 I think I'm addicted to my phone. I may need an intervention.
    thanks for the RTs!
 Just put up 5doz ears of corn and 2.5lbs of nectarines. Tomatoes and cukes tmrw. I love summer!
 Tuesday Cow Tip: Give your brand a personality! - 
 RT  It bugs me that people use "anonymous user" on LInkdedin. How social is that?  
 Just finished krystalos  It'll be 30 minutes before I stop sweating.
 I'm at Arrichion Hot Yoga & Mixed Martial Arts (8606 Jersey Court, Raleigh) 
 I had forgotten how much I hate going to the DMV. ( NC DMV) 
 Getting ready to record some interviews to finish a national study on driving safety. ( Holy Cow Branding) 
 I just became the mayor of Holy Cow Branding on  
 Just finished Topaz with Titus. Whew! ( Arrichion Hot Yoga & Mixed Martial Arts) 
 Walking for the ccfa today! ( Durham Bulls Athletic Park) 
  gets it right with their use of QR codes 
 RT  New: Three Points Why Firms Need to Invest in Logo Design - Many companies do not realize how important their compa ...
 I just unlocked the "Newbie" badge on  
 RT  Where is Inbound  Headed? [ -  ~ via 
 RT  There were lazy workers well before Facebook/Twitter. We just played solitaire instead. Don't ban the symptom. 
 We finally got our new business cards in. What do you think? 
  Thanks for the RT!
 Check out some shots from a recent trip to our NYC office. 
 How Good Designers Think: 
 RT  5 Awesome Techniques to Build Strong Twitter Connections: guest blog written by Leo Widrich, co-f... 
 RT  RT  How To Create Facebook Community Guidelines 
 Planning for the Crohn's & Colitis Walk that's coming up. We hope to see some of you there!  
 Join us and  on the 18th to help meet their goal for Crohn's & Colitis research.  
 Check out the results of the Holy Cow 2011 spring photo shoot at JC Raulston Arboretum:  
 Check out Holy Cow's new digs on Glenwood Ave!  
  just picked up some beef tips & firecracker burgers to take to ATL. Yumm-o.
 Heading down to Atlanta for the SE wrestling regionals. Woohoo!
 10 Ways For Entrepreneurs To Build Brands Online   RT 
 RT  Content Tip-Short & Sweet: If you keep your message brief, it is more likely to be read and absorbed by your subscriber ...
 More customized than a Honda Civic, more quantifiable than an abacus!  HootStats
 RT  China Trying to Harness 2 Trillion Tons of Coal Reserves for Global Energy Dominance 
 RT  How To Find Out Who Defriends You On Facebook  via 
 Can a brand be a brand against its own will? 
 What is the difference between marketing and branding? 
  Thanks, Bill! Coffee soon?
 Just got back from the islands. Work was hard today... thanks 
 How to increase web conversions thru design 
 RT  Treat different customers differently 
 RT  The 5 Dangerous Don'ts of Branding  -  
 RT  Has  Refresh Project Been Compromised By Cheaters? 
 Too much govt! RT  White House: Gov't should provide all Americans an internet I'd.   
 12 things good bosses believe 
 Supercharge your productivity: 
 The next generation of customer loyalty: 
 How to recognize your own hubris: 
 At  leadership event: Women Empowered and Enlightened. Follow live tweets 
 how to be a great idea person: 
 RT  RT  Industrial solutions to industrial problems...what our farming has become - Rich Holcomb 
 RT  RT  the food supply is at heart of our health care issues & rise in disease. eating factory food is killin ...
 Thanks to  for proving morning snacks at 
 If you try to put corporate standards on your loyal brand followers, you'll be sure to alienate them. 
 Off to be the favorite daughter in law. Taking my mother in law to a jewelry party tonight.
 Spent the morning creating wireframes for a new client site and the afternoon doing brand strategy. I'm pooped.
 By limiting choice you can create value. You don't have to be everything to everyone.   
 New web language might make privacy an issue  
  is coming up on Friday. Can't wait to hear the speakers. Still hoping for food donations. Any takers?
 How to get help from your frontline infantry. 
 How do you think Twitter's change in leadership impact their product and its role as a branding and marketing tool? 
 I'm working toward mastering the delicate art of being perfectly assertive. 
  Had the asparagus/cheddar stuffed chicken last night. YUM!
 RT  Ad Industry Attempts to Self-Regulate Behavioral Advertising 
 Just upgraded to CS5 and got some new Web Dev software. It's a beautiful thing.
  Thanks so much for all the input!
  Thanks for the feedback. Thus far, people from India have loved it : )
 meeting with  to discuss branding initiatives and social media strategy.
 What comes to mind when you think of Holy Cow Branding?
 There's still room at the Food4Tht luncheon tmrw: "Energize UR Sales Process." Ntwrkng starts  11.30  & Schmick's....
 This was awseome! RT   thought you'd like this: 7 Signs You Ignored Your Social Media Plan 
 Thanks  and  for your DAM and project management recommendations!
 We're shopping for new project management and digital asset management tools. Any suggestions?
 What is ur purpose? When u give urself away, that's when success will find you. 
 The words u say r ur prophecy for tomorrow. 
 89% of people making more than $50,000 own a business. 
 You can't teach what you don't know. 
 A wise man seeks help daily. A fool thinks he knows it all. 
 The way you treat others defines who you are as a person. 
 Reality check: if ur so busy being busy u won't get anything done. 
 Its ok to screw up. Flush the toilet and move on. 
 If u had the same passion for urself as u do for someone on the playing field, u could rule the world! 
 Willing to accept. 
 The world gives u what ur willing to expect. 
 You've got to prime the pump. You've got to put something in b4 u get something out. See u at the top! 
 If u don't take step number 1, you'll never be able to take step 2. 
 If ur feeling negative about a situation, make a list of what u LIKE abt the scenatio. 
 You can't get anything money won't buy without character. 
 A great country starts by having great famlies. 
 Tell th truth whatever th cost. When people know ur word is no good, they know neithr r u! Make th choice to do th right thing 
 The more u learn about new things, the more creative u get. Read everyday. If u don't like reading, build an audio library. 
 Zig ziglar is coming to the stage! 
  thanks! Maybe it'll help you for Sunday!
 What 1 skill would help me the most in my job and for my life? Getting better at this skill should be ur goal. 
 Do fewer things more often and get better at them. 
 Evryone starts out at the same level. Deliberate practice at what u do increases ur earning ability. Invest in urself. 
 Make urself valuable and indespensible. Ur most valuable financial asset is ur earnng ability. R u constantly upgrading? 
 Have a positive inner dialog: I'm responsible. I like myself. This helps u focus on the positive things u want.  
 Ur the most important person in ur life. Ur are important to everyone in ur life. The more u like urself, the more others do 2 
 Leaders accept responsibility. Remind urself that ur responsible for the circumstances of ur life. Claim it. 
 Are u living on Someday Isle? If ur there, the chief topic of conversation is excuses. Get off the Isle. 
 Like a marine: adapt, adjust, respond. 
 If u r having chronic stress, ask if u would have gotten into this again if given the choice. Be adaptable to change. 
 Over time, the answers change. Most important quality for success is flexibility because change is happening quickly 
 Brian Tracy just took the stage 
 When is the last time u checked your IRA, mutual funds and stocks??? Protect ur assets. 
 Three green arrows in mrkt tools means good buy. Three red arrows means u better sell. If all the ships r sinking, get out. 
 The greatest fortunes are made when the market is down and stocks r on sale. Guess what? That's now. 
 Warren buffet says 3 most imprtnt words in investing r "margin of safety." Use valuation tool to help. Must be 50% less to buy 
 Before u invest, review top 25 performing stocks and go thru checklist and review its fundamentals 
 Get residual income taking advantage of a flat mrkt with covered calls. This gives u extra money every month. 
 Check out wealth magaine website to see which groups money is moving in and out of. If big boys are moving out, take action 
 First step to success is learning. Second step is taking action. Take control of ur destiny! 
 Learn how to understand compounding interest to manage your money. 
 You can't give kindness away. Its always returned. When feeling down, do something to cheer up someone else. 
 Successful people take action. When u take action you can make a difference. 
 When the student is ready, the teacher will appear.  motivated
 Plan with attitude. Prepare with aptitude. Receive with gratitude. Give with plentitude. 
 Stop listening to people who don't have your best interests at heart. 
 GLOW: Give more than u have. Leave more than u take. Offer praise and admiration to ur inner circle. Whose applause matters ? 
 Its time to take effective stewardship. For ur family. Community. City. State and country. 
 Have complete ownership of the moment. 
 If u were given a chance in this life to choose, would u have fairness or equality? Stop embracing mediocrity. 
 All men dream, but they don't dream equally. Dream with your eyes open. 
 Political correctness will be the death of this country. We must get back to true emotional communication. 
 Genuine leadership must be brought to life again. 
 Build a network of friends who support you in life and business. You can't be successful going at it alone. 
  good! I'm glad ur enjoying them.
 Think. In this digital world, we are too reactive. Take time to contemplate goals. People with goals r enormously effective. 
 You have to have a sense of humor to get thru crisis. 
  I could only hope, Bill! : )
 Relentless preparation. For every hour of presentation, there should be 4 hrs of preparation 
 Listen. Most of what u learn is by asking questions of those you admire. Incorporate what u learn into ur life. 
 Read. To challenge yourself and to enjoy a story. 
 The greatness of america is not about collective opinions, its about individual opinions 
 We r in an information revolution. How is this affecting us emotionally? Intellectually? Creates a atmosphere of immediacy 
 Rudy Guiliani is presenting. Wow. What a line up! 
 Get back to basics. Free enterprise. Simple healthcare. Less taxes. And america will move ahead.  
 Steve Forbes has great ideas on taxes. Keep it simple. Let the american people create wealth.   
 Not going to get a strong economic recovery until the govt stops trashing the $ and binge spending 
 As Yogi said, it ain't over til its over. Allow for serendipity. Look for opportunity. 
 Little things make a big difference. Consider how Starbucks renamed the sizes of their drinks. 
 Don't always do what everyone else does. Use something new better or differently than everyone else. 
 Steve Forbes is presenting. No one wld hire his grndfather so he offered to work for free. Put it on the line.
 Never look at what you have lost. Always look at what you have left. 
 Take the word impossible out of your vocabulary. 
 Will be live tweeting from the  seminar today.
 Just found a great tool for managing social media analytics. Check it out: 
 Come join us at RMA's BBQ lunch on Wednesday, September 8th  11:30! Proceeds benefit US troops through the USO-NC. 
 How to you like me now? RT  Facebook Faces Class Action Lawsuit Over “Like” Buttons - 
 We just set up a new Twitter acct for Assistance League. Pls follow if you're interested in supporting dwntwn Ral community: 
 Had a great meeting with  yesterday. Their launch party is going to rock corporate America!
 Nordstrom uses technology to boost their brand by showing product inventory and availability at nearby stores 
  its for anything with a touch screen, so droids, iphones, etc.
 I just joined . What a cool app for scheduling meetings. Anyone else out there using it, yet?
 Now FaceBook can find me, too? Not sure how I feel about that. What are your thoughts? 
 Time to invest in some good screen cleaners: 
  Thanks. We're pretty fond of the name, too : )
 The most awesome way to quit; you think she wrote her own letter of recommendation b4 she left? 
 On The Job Copywriting Advice. This post is hilariously informative. 
   done : ) thanks for the invite to comment.
 What's in a brand? 
 Corn was $20 for 65 ears  Froze corn and homemade pesto yesterday.
 Jam Fest 2010 put up 6 types of jam today!
 Advertising so good you can smell it:  
 Small biz owners... beware. The IRS is coming: 
 Campaigns for corporate change begin with branding: 
  is my hero! Talk about great service and rockin' product. They are amazing.
  It's cooler now. About 82 degrees. Bleck.
  thanks for the props re:  and 
 The AC in my office is out. I think I am melting.
 7 Tips for Successful Social Media Campaigns: 
 Working with  to help them achieve global domination! 
 Dcammicam need some help with sizing a video... can you give advice?
 Honored to be honored at the Assistance League of Raleigh's Annual Mtg 
 Got burned at 9am this morning. I hope I make it through the weekend. Thank God for aloe in a can.
 RT  Sharon Hill Delivers Keynote Address at Inaugural Formal Gala for Black Professional Alliance at Bank of America... ...
 There are a lot of days when I straight up hate doing sales. Today happens to be one of those days.
 Raleigh tweeps, does anyone have a short-term part time paid position for a strategic communications major this summer?
    What do you know about LeapFish? Have you ever used it?
 RT  9:15 and I'm already fed up with humanity. Terrific.
 Is FB giving Google a run for their money RT  Facebook Unleashes Open Graph Search Engine, Declares War On Google 
 We only need 5 more "likers" to get our vanity url on FaceBook. Support our cause so we can do some cool stuff 4 u! 
 I think I could use social media all day long. I'm such a geek.
  groups are wicked cool! I am stoked about setting one up for Food4Thought. Thanks  for the kick in the right direction
 I have a raging headache. Solution:  for dinner.
  hmmm. It was so good I don't remember it. 
   front load the information in your titles and paragraphs
   everyone should always be thinking about search first : )
   think of keywords for each section of your site
   build trust by avoiding spamming sites in your links and adds and have people link to you from authority sites
   chrome has incognito function for clean searches firefox has a plug in
   google personalizes searches based on your history
   links from top tier sites have tremendous trust value
   google chngd their algorithm btw 300 and 400 times last year
 Working on teaching myself Premier. I'll let you know how it goes.
  The ice cream was delish. I needed more time to freeze it tho. Served it with grilled peached and honey.
 Congrats to  and one of my fav restaurant groups for receiving Best of the Triangle Award: 
 We almost have a full house for  Can't wait for  to help us market better via the web.
  Glad you liked it!
  we were with Fred and Jen. Everything was wonderful. Loved the ice cream. Was inspired to make some this wknd!
  don't forget to save room for dessert  The marscapone ice cream is to die for    Yum!
 Hanging with friends   you should check it out if u haven't!
 50 Power Twitter Tips from  
 "forced" tweeted to download content... clever or obnoxious? Not sure, but I participated in it. Maybe I'm a sucker.
 This Book helps you to move into the Digital era of awesomeness. Download it for free: 
  Trying to! Would love to be busier, though : ) You?
 I've been working on the same project for too many days in a row. I think my eyes are starting to bleed.
  Thanks for the quick response! We've been using a different tool, but I think Meetup would be much better for our events.
 Does anyone know if you can make private groups on 
  Will do!
 Getting ready to do some user interface testing. Go live day is June 30th. Wish me luck!
 Check out the good time we had sporting Jimmy Choos and European Fashions for charity: 
 Need to build out speakers for the rest of the year. What topics would you want to learn about? Pls send ideas.
 We finally put up a facebook page for HCB. Come Check it out to see what we've been up to: 
 Why won't this file open??? Find out here: 
  will be speaking at this month's  Can't wait to learn from him!
  again. Waiting is hell. Lots of stress for the family.
 Feeling very tired today. Spent the day at the hospital with my in laws.  took good care of us. 1 of best hosp experiences ever.
 We are starting a line of t-shirts. I'll let you know when the storefront is up and running.
 Just met with  about printing portals. Exciting stuff for a geek like me.
 I need to write some blog articles. Any suggestions? Not feeling overly creative right now.
  Went and got my own coffee today. Twice. The delivery man never showed up.
  What do recommend... besides working with you : )
 In case you need a little online entertainment... check this out: 
  Thanks! I appreciate it.
  Looking to do something down and dirty. Very basic.
 Drupal v. Joomla. Any takers?
  No kidding! What's taking them so long? I'm ready for my skinny 1/2 mocha with whip.
 Need more caffeine today. Must be the weather.
  and  Who said anything about killing Tink? Maybe I am trying to channel her. 
 Getting ready for  NyghtFalcon will be here today.
  from ground zero. never forget.
  from the balcony in nyc.
  I sprinkle it on myself every morning. Sometimes it's more potent than others.
 I am in love with online check in. Thanks 
  only because it's you : ) RE: 
 Going to be heading to NYC in the am. Having a hard time concentrating today!
 The dreaded double space! 
 Wordpress users beware: 
 I hope you'll join us at the Power of Style charity fashion show on the 20th: 
  that is what I'm sayin'!
 This is a great tool for selecting cross-platform fonts and creating font stacks: 
  hanging at the steeplechase
 Does anyone want to join me at the Tanglewood Steeplechase tomorrow? I still have some tix.
 I just had a recorded telemarketing campaign call my cell phone. Press 1 if you thought that was effective.
 10 signs it's time for a social media makeover - Signs 1 and 2 - iMediaConnection.com
 Looking for feedback: What font do you like for handwriting or script on the web?
 Amen, sista! RT  Don't ask creatives for spec work. Learn more here: .
 Went bouldering  TRC last night. What a blast! My arms feel it today.
  Thanks, Janet 
 Just found out that we won 3  awards - one for each entry!
  Nice seeing you this morning! Can't wait to catch up again soon. : )
 Pls RT:  to raise money for Leukemia & Lymphoma Society this Saturday. 
 Pls RT:  to raise money for Leukemia & Lymphoma Society this Saturday. 
 What are your thoughts on location based services? Loopt or Foursquare? 
 I just opened all the windows and the  mowers showed up right outside. Obnoxious.
 I finally created  for my business tweets. It's lonely there with only 1 follower.
  Thanks for the RT for 
  I also heard of a recent study that found that people who are depressed smoke more. Big surprise.
 Pls RT: Spades Smack Down to raise $ for Leukemia & Lymphoma Society this Saturday. 
 Thanks to  for hooking me up with  and  They were heros at  last week.
 It's not easy being green... 
  Try it with a squidge of lemon. Yum!
 Why do some companies make it so difficult to make online payments? My mortgage company is the worst.
 Just got a new droid. I'm stoked! Technology is awesome.
 RT  FACEBOOK BOMBSHELL – How DID EVERYONE miss this!    (great insight into the FB "like" switch)
 People don’t really change their minds. They make new decisions based on new info. In the absence of new info, there'll be no new decision.
 The beauty of marketing is in seeing the golden lining: 
 I saved a life today. Gave a dog CPR. It was an amazing thing.
 Went to a social media workshop hosted by  with  presenting tonight. Great info! Thanks guys.
 Was at the Duke Marketing Conference today. What a great line up!
 Anyone know any good IT/Software networking events in the Triangle worth going to?
  We haven't read that one, but Nancy Farmer's House of the Scorpion is another good one.
  I want my own poken!
 Got nbc news coverage for www.rmasecurity.com and the uso. Heading to rdu to manage it now.
 How much have you focused on strengthening your business internally because of the current economic condition? 
  Laser Image has definitely proven the test of time!
 2010 is on the horizon, and business is changing. Have you considered your transition strategy? 
  coffee ( starbucks on kildaire)
  and  thanks for the congrats!
 Just found out that Holy Cow and Laser Image won a PICA for a calendar we did for www.jenniferweinbergphotography.com
 having lunch at brio with  ( holy cow branding)
 Yes. It really is like this sometimes: 
 Just signed up for . Now I need to figure out how to use it!
 Smart Marketing: Social Media Case Study: How The Pit Uses Twitter and Foursquare - 
  thanks for the  it was a great way to meet some new people. Can't wait for the next one... and more mac n cheese!
 I'm at the tweet at the pit with    & 
 When would you prefer to attend a business party: 
 Long live the muppets. 
 I'm creating a holographic image as a security feature for a client. Can't say you do that everyday.
 As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.  ~JFK
  Gravy makes everything good. Maybe even green bean casserole!
  Blech. You can have my share : )
  mmmm gravy.
 This is hysterical. Read the product reviews. I think I might need to buy one now: 
  That's what I'm talkin' about!
 Just got done having a meeting about how to brand a cowboy. How cool is that!
  Green bean casserole... with the mushroom soup and onions? : P
 RT:  "I think that in life we need to be a little like the farmer, who puts back into the soil what he takes out."~Paul Newman
 Getting ready to update our online portfolio at www.holycowbranding.com/front/work
 Sales & marketing unite! Meeting with 
 Trying to strategically increase the number of people I am following. I do declare, it's a bit of work.
 Check out the latest dining etiquette video we did for Sharon Hill: 
 I'd love to get more feedback on my poll. Let me know your thoughts: 
 I'll be working on our sales and marketing plan for 2010 today and finishing up our Christmas cards. Can't wait to see the finished products
  yes! It rocks. Google twitterberry on your phone and it will take you to the right place.
 Waiting to meet my son's kindergarten teacher. Can't wait to see what she says!
 Testing out twitterberry!
 Just posted my first Soap Box post: . I'd love to hear your thoughts.
 Communicating isn't just about telling. It is about explaining the value, purpose and reason for excitement, then engaging in feedback.
 I just setup  to tweet my newly published articles: 
 I'm putting together a list of things to do when attending a conference for a client. It's a lot of information!
 So the print job was successfully rejected. Note to all: heavy blue coverage means extra dry time!
  Yes, but celery only tastes good if you put something with lots of calories on it... pb, dip, cream cheese...
 Getting ready to set up an iTunes account for some diversity podcasts we recorded for www.sharonhillinternational.com
 Looks like I'll be rejecting a print job today. I hate it when that happens. Nobody wins.
 Twitter - It's a One Stop Shop: 
 Maximizing Marketing When Times Are Tough: 
 I have 70,000 items I am trying to empty out of my trash. How do you suppose that will impact my computer's performance?
  I think so, too. I only have 20 minutes, but I don't want to ramble. They don't really want to hear a speaker, anyway.
 I'm preparing a commencement speech I'll be delivering soon. I hope to inspire & engage the students. Let me know if you have suggestions!
 Hey all. I changed my user name to loranaprice (twitter.com/loranaprice). It may affect how you send/receive updates with me.
 I am up to my eyeballs in proposals today. I wonder if I'll be able to see straight by the end of the week.
 is working on getting local businesses to help support LLS's Light the Night walk. Let me know if you know someone who can help!
 Working on a brochure for Campbell today. It'll be nice to hide behind my desk for a while.
 Getting ready to head down to Campbell University for a photo shoot.
 is getting ready to head to Charlotte for a business meeting. It's a gross day for a drive.
 picking out colors for a client's new logo.
 We just launched our new blog: . Check it out and let us know what you think!
 Lorana is finishing up some proposals!
 Working on organizing my sales efforts. Process... love it and hate it. I'm glad to be doing it on a Friday.
 I love the people who ask to connect to anyone breathing on social media outlets.
  It's a wonder you made it out alive... did you manage to keep all of your teeth?
 Just bought cookies from some little kids raising $ for a children's culinary arts program in Durham. Doing my part to help. Yum.
  The fair. That explains everything. I try to avoid it at all costs.
   has tutorials, tools and some great free stuff, too.
  It's a frightening thought, isn't it? Just think of all the people who actually voted for him!
 It's Monday, and the server isn't working right. Arg.
 Off to get some lunch. The oatmeal just isn't sticking to the ribs any more.
 Staring at my computer is making my eyes bleed.
 Mmmm. Oatmeal on a damp, gray day is a good thing.
 I rank printers up there with Christmas lights. Grrr.
 Finally got another blog post up. Http://holycowbranding.wordpress.com.
 They love it! Last year Aidan threw his socks like Ralphie.
 Just when I thought I was done shopping... I realized I still haven't bought clothes for my son. He'd be awfully cold.
 Hi, Carrie! Too bad you can't come to the xmas party tonight : (
 Have any of you joined www.scribd.com?
 I'm listening to a Xmas collection by local artists. Its an interesting take on Xmas music.
  in the twitterific section it does, but not in the "what are you doing section," which means I get sucked into updating both.
 This was funny, and often oh so true: 
 Wouldn't it be nice if your update on facebook updated twitter at the same time? I hate going to multiple places to say a lot of nothing.
 Thinking that a nap under my desk sounds really appealing right about now. Do you think anyone would notice?
 Today, we are going to take over the world, Pinky.
 Trying to figure out what to have for lunch... I have the feeling it's not going to be anything to write home about.
 Is planning on braving the mall later today. I hope it's successful!
 Finally broke down and joined Inside919.com
 Trying to get people to come to the Achievement Academy of Durham fundraiser breakfast with me. Wanna come?
 Counting down the days til I make it back to the beach!
 I'd love to crawl under my desk and take a nap right about now.
 Been illustrating all night. I hope our client likes what we present. Or, it's back to the drawing board... literally.
 Getting ready to order a Wacom tablet. I'm pretty excited about it, too!
 I love getting free stock photography
 hanging at caribou for creative inspiration
 Might be going to Dubai. What do you think their perception of Holy Cow will be?
 Getting sucked into the whirling vortex of social media!!!
 just got a card celebrating sarcastic wednesday. gotta love it.
 running on 2.5 hours of sleep. wondering when hallucinations will kick in.
 Stayed at the Ritz this week. Not as impressive as one would think.
 The meds I'm taking for the pinched nerve in my back are making even the dust in the air surprisingly interesting.
 Just learned that Cmd + 0 takes Twitterific full screen. Who knew!
 I find it interesting, or perhaps odd, that there are random advertisers on Twitter.
 Four year old boys are the most interesting creatures on the planet.
 Printers are the bane of my existence.
 Finally updated my blog. Took me long enough. Glad to have some "underlings" helping me keep it current now.
 The girls used to bring vodka in their hairspray bottles.
 When I was in high school, this would have been popular: 
 trying to get my taxes in order. i hate accounting.
 trying to wade through the mire of my email. blech.
 I agree with Saul Colt... the writers strike has got to end!
 twitter is telling me that I have no friends. how sad.
 2 major projects down... countless to go!
 Today has already been quite the Monday. It's only 10.20.
 just had tilapia grilled on cedar planks. yum.
 Wallowing in email hell.
 workworkworkworkwork (Blazing Saddles... yes I've seen it). today has been a monday.
 it was on abc. i worked through it. all i remember is gingy throwing up a hershey kiss. quality.
 getting ready to watch Shrek the Halls with my son. I have high hopes for it.
 My 4 year old son just put on a French maid costume and sang his rendition of Winter Wonderland. Got it on film for future embarassment.
 It works! I have talked to myself enough that people are starting to listen... Phase 1 of world domination met with success.
 I heard that the average american eats 5000 calories on T-day. I think I made it there. Still not hungry.
  thanks for sharing the Tuesday Cow Tip!
   thanks for the RT and article! We appreciate it.
   thanks for the RT's!
 Meeting at the whichwich! ( Which Wich) 
 I just unlocked the "Adventurer" badge on  
 The Tuesday Cow Tip is in: How Do You Use Social Media for B2B Businesses? 
  Thanks for the RT!
 More than ever before, brands are tied to customer experiences.: 
 How a simple promo can make for a bad customer experience 
 Speaking to the Healthcare Business Woman's Association. ( Braza Brazilian Restaurant) 
 I'm at General Store Cafe (39 West Street, Pittsboro) 
  Not too happy about the new pricing model. Was a loyal customer... rethinking it now. 
 Your Tuesday Cow Tip is here: good info is about knowing what data to track 
 I think I'm addicted to my phone. I may need an intervention.
    thanks for the RTs!
 Just put up 5doz ears of corn and 2.5lbs of nectarines. Tomatoes and cukes tmrw. I love summer!
 Tuesday Cow Tip: Give your brand a personality! - 
 RT  It bugs me that people use "anonymous user" on LInkdedin. How social is that?  
 Just finished krystalos  It'll be 30 minutes before I stop sweating.
 I'm at Arrichion Hot Yoga & Mixed Martial Arts (8606 Jersey Court, Raleigh) 
