  man, you know how to get fancy with dinner!
  I guess then I suck at Spotify. The "Playlist" is set to "Publish" so I should be able to share it. Sorry to disappoint you so much
  Here ya go: spotify:user:tquinnelly:playlist:5IxPdjCp712wcMCChKJR0h
  - White Stripes – Seven Nation Army (The Glitch Mob Remix) on Spotify
 As you should sir.  - RT  I'm updating my iPhone with iTunes on Windows. I feel much shame.
  tomorrow morning will come soon!
 RT  Pride is one of the most deceptive sins, because when you have it, you're too proud to admit it 
 An ignorant sensible person is easier 2 deal w/ than the other - RT  Which is more important - intelligence or common sense?
  ...must have a printer similar to mine! :\
  Wu-Tang Forever!
  poor Obama.
 RT  The solution to this crisis is not complicated: if you’re spending more money than you’re taking in, you need to spe ...
  she's crazy, the hat is sick!
  People's eyebrow done. My coworkers just looked at me weird, but maybe it'll be worth it.
  can't believe you're not following me back. I mean, you follow Conan & The Rock & I know I'm right up there w/ them. 
 Speaking to masses. Like many in America, I am afraid of speaking in pubic. - RT  What one fear would you like to conquer?
 Just found out about this:  -  you just keep amazing me.
 Holy Smokes! 16 days to 10 million users?! Google's doing something right. 
 Indeed! RT   I see u have excellent taste in music /cc  - 
  "Dear God 2.0" by The Roots & Monsters of Folk ♫ 
  "Walk Alone" by The Roots, Truck North, Porn & Dice Raw ♫ 
 Should have left work over an hour ago...so much for that.
 A change I need to make too! RT  Had to move back to a stable Chrome. Was getting a crazy amount of 
 I can't believe it's 85 degrees at this time in the morning.
  probably no help, but I use 'em all for different reasons/scenarios.
  awesome! I'll bet you bought 'em out of those, huh?!
  Oh yeah, that's one of my favorite cities in the U.S. You're not far from Point Loma, head over there for some good eats and view
 I mean the Hilton!  ... is nice right there by the water! - RT  hello San Diego! 
 The Embassy Suites is nice right there by the water! - RT  hello San Diego! 
 Where do you find  Happy Hour specials and daily food deals? - Check out 
 RT  "Jesus Doesn't Need More Cowbell" 
   I don't know what y'all are talking about...  is a canine wiz on technology. 
 DJ AM's Elton Mixtape - Part 1 :  DJ AM
 Repairing XP installations...my favorite! 
 RT  Me:  "So Japan won."  My wife:  "Yeah, they have ninjas."  
 Awesome! Got called into work on a Sunday. There goes church service. :(
 Want to try  but don't have an account? Klout is giving them out as perks. Check it out: 
  live strong...like your outdated Twitavatar!
  "Strawberry Swing" by Frank Ocean ♫ 
 Frank Ocean – Novacane - 
 Klout says I'm influential about   and  Not sure on all of those. See what it says about you - 
  Appreciate it sir, but just got one. Good lookin' out!
 Really hoping someone shares a Spotify invite with me soon. 
 RT  I only trust overweight chefs.
 As did I. Here's to 60 more! - RT  Six years ago I married my best friend  
  I hope you can approve of my new Twitavatar
 G+ - 
 The good thing is that we don't have to live or go at it alone. “ We were born into this world alone and we all die alone.”
 It was crazy hot after lunch. 
  You got it! That's what friends are for.
  I'll totally keep you in mind when avatar shopping next time.
  Sweet. I'm throwing you off. I like that. Making sense is for engineers...not weirdos
  You know, I dont even understand me sometimes. Sorta like your avatar of a gun pointed at the camera.
  What chu talkin bout? No context for this tweet.
 I'm not even sure I could answer this... RT  What would you most like to ask God?
 RT  Sorry Facebook, Here’s Why Google Plus is Better 
  wow. He is upscale!
 RT  excited to launch  mission arm next week:  partnering w/ to collect clothes fo ...
 RT  One of the greatest human fears is asking for what we really want.  
  I'll fire up the MacBook on my break and DM you.
 Its a consistency of actions, standards & beliefs. Yes, I feel I do. -- RT  How do you define integrity & do you have it?
  I never knew how much we look alike until I saw your new Twitter avatar. We must be related somehow. 
  I could never do that. I think our guy come around 5ish.
 iPhone theme modding. Needed this tonight for some font references - iosfonts.com
  You got someone 1400+ miles away praying for you. Hope things get better.
 RT  Jade sd available on cydia. Please RT ! thx again 
  Looks delicious sir! Can I swing by for bologna and beer?
  I'm sorry sir. I too am subject to such ridiculous television at times.
  word. I'll forget that you said that. 
  ahh, you dig the double-post. I'll commit that to memory.
  FYI: your Instagram photos are double posting. 1 from Instagram to Twitter & 1 from Instagram to Tumblr to Twitter.
 Grubbin' after a hard days work. w/  [photo] 
 RT  I can always tell when I don't want to do something because... I never do it.
  hopefully just the opposite will occur.
 Made the preggo  some fried potatoes and black-eyed peas so her swollen feet could get a break.  
  "Hypnotize U (Tong & Rogers Wonderland Radio Remix)" by N.E.R.D. ♫ 
 RT             ...
 Win a Free Copy of  from  25 Licenses Up for Grabs! 
  looks delish!
 Absurd! Society should be ashamed. - RT  People spend a combined 500 billion minutes every month on Facebook.
 A non-profit to help the helpless in  & teach them about God - RT  What kind of business would you just love to start?
 Get ready for  question of the day. Coming to you in T-6 minutes.
 These aren't the ducks you're looking for. 
 Don't know why it took me so long, but just deleted my  acct. Man that felt good. Really want to do that to my  acct too.
 RT  Wow, Facebook now has Skype. Now you can videochat live with the people you don't really want to keep in touch with!
 w/  [photo] 
 Dear  what's wrong these days. You seem slower & slower each time I view an image from you. 
 RT  You are the only one who can use your ability.  It is an awesome responsibility.  Zig Ziglar
 He dips the knife in butter and... - RT  I have a  invite to give away. Who is going to butter me up to get it? hehe
 The rat tail. Yes I had one in 7th grade.  - “ What's a fashion trend u thought was cool, but is now ridiculous?”
  "Pudpots" by Nightmares On Wax ♫ 
  no AR for me...I'll just shoot 'em any chance I get.
  Yeah. Things have changed so much in the past few years, that conversation would just light my life.
 Ha! - RT  Quoting  "Stupid hispters, the ruin everything!  All they eat is vegetables!"
 RT  If u could have a conversation w/ a deceased friend/family member, who would it be? -- My pops. I wasnt there & he died alone
 If u could have a conversation w/ a deceased friend/family member, who would it be?
 RT  I've graduated to the AR15 this morning and I'm awesome people! Awesome I say! :-D -- Sounds fun! I love the AR
  seems like they're only slated for people who work with you. Not sure if that's good or bad, just seems to be the way it is.
  you just might end up with "ginger fever"
 RT  It's funny when people call people by their twitter names in real life.
 I just love the way  tells stories. Hilarity! /cc    
 “ It smells like bacon outside” - that must be amazing! /cc 
  true dat!
  prego wives...what can we say.
 Wife ( left me working in the yard while she went shopping and errand running. 
  How sweet.
 FOLLOW! - RT  Let's bring some interesting conversation up in this Twitterverse. RT this to your friends! Tell 'em to follow us.
 RT  Would you likely survive if alone in the wilderness?  - I'd like to think so. It would be tough.
 RT  What quality is most important in marriage?  - Trust & Love. The greatest gift a man could give is love
 Aziz Ansari is hilarious! Watch this...seriously. 
  nice effort tho!
  try turning off the 3G radio while making and taking calls.
 RT  There used to be a time where I couldn't let go of Firefox to use Chrome. Now it's the other way around.
  it was the right thing to do. I did however forget to tell her. 
 It's make dinner for your wife night at my place.  Asiago Cheese Tortelloni for her and Shanghai-Style Shrimp for me.
 RT   DOG FRIDAY! Pierre wants In! 
 Its  time.           
 RT  Gmail's Getting a Whole New Look To Match Google+ 
 RT  Don't forget to sign up for the WKT email at WeKnowTulsa.com for updates on new areas and featured deals.
 RT  I cant wait for the day when facebook is no longer integrated into ads, conversations, & peoples day to day lives. Th ...
 Doin' it fat style w/    Fat Guys 
  Nope, Bob & Gwenda's. Used to be Barry's horse.
 Good Morning brown beauty 
 It's official,  and I are having a baby boy!!! 
 I had high expectations of the day, now I just hope to make it through.
  - Does this help? -- RT  Dissecting Google+ 
 Wonderful start to a hump day... 
  test carrier unlocked iPhone. Wanna make sure it's gonna work
 Wishing I knew someone with T-Mobile service.
  perma unlock on the old 1st gen that I was struggling with.
 No doubt about it,  is the iPhone whisperer.
  press the plus sign in your timeline and see.
  I wouldnt hold my breath.
  right. the childcare expenses reduced her taxible income, so uncle sam owed her for ripping her off throughout the year.
  You dont get it back, just reduces taxible income. /cc 
 RT  If you live to 100, would a sharp mind or fit body be best?  - A sharp mind, no question about it.
  do it, I'll run the camera for ya.
  Hopefully, it was a good move for you. I can't use anything on the iPhone but  from 
 "Straight Outta Compton" just played overhead at this Subway. In an instant I was rushed back to age 11. 
  indeed.
 Boss's birthday lunch   Longhorn Steakhouse 
  I don't think so. 
 Who doesn't love FREE UFC fights?! 
  True. Perhaps we should make something happen. I fear the turnout would be significantly less, but hey - who cares, right?!
  I feel the same when talking tennis.
  well written sir.
  will do indeed! Been laid up sick the latter part of this week but that sounds fun.
 I think I just broke a personal record. 3 consecutive sneezes within 5 seconds. Can you say face explosion?
  yes, very much so!
 I unlocked the Breaking Bad Fan sticker on  
  indeed she would!
  No giggling at my wife!
  I'm diggin it, although I disagree with the awfulness. Hendricks and Montoya are phenomenal.
 I'm watching NY Ink, The Gloves Are Off (Season 1, Episode 2)   
 Franklin & Bash - hilarious! 
 RT  I want to go back in time when the only reality show was Cops.
  disappointed.
  you guys deserve it. Go somewhere nice & kick back
 RT           
 RT  We have had enough, once & for all, of Hedonism-the gloomy philosophy which says that Pleasure is the only good-CSLewis
  should be RT'ing  as not to disrupt the hashtag & give that account some love.
 “ If you didnt worry about money, what would you do with your life?  -- live somewhere tropical & teach.
  sorry 'bout that  Didnt mean to get anyone else sick which is why I stayed home.
 Day 2 and I'm already so sick of this cold. Nearly ready to cut my nose off and root out my sinuses. 
 RT  If you spent 1 year living alone in a remote cabin, what would you spend your time doing?  | Meditating
  "Right On" by The Roots, Joanna Newsom & S.T.S. ♫ 
  Kinda bummed my comment hasn't been moderated on this post. I'd like comment on others but not if I'm viewed as spam.
 Crappy sleep, getting a cold and being on-call for a large hospital's datacenter = the suck.
  nice job!
  pretty easily. You tell Tumbr to automagically post you tweets after you connect your account to it
  don't forget, I gave you a short link for this... 
 Flickr Photo:  Dinner with Mikel & Polly 
  tell him to get over it!
 Dinner with Mikel & Polly 
  "Satisfied" by Cee-Lo ♫ 
 Power's out. Oil lamp to the rescue! Too bad my computers all had unsaved things open... 
 Social!!! w/       [photo] 
 "Thank You" - is that so hard to say to someone who spent their time/effort/energy into answering a question or solving a problem for you?
  Looked too good to pass up. Added the SquarTrade warranty for 3yrs too...pretty cheap w/ coupon!
 If you're a serious blogger and still don't have a mobile version of your site, your alienating a huge market.
 RT  If you treat people as brothers or sisters, they respond accordingly.
 “ $49.99 : Altec Lansing inMotion Kick Speaker for iPod & iPhone ” - just copped 1 of these. Been wanting...
 Had a great fathers day kickin' it with   - an amazing example for using your skills for the Kingdom. Great to know u brother.
  "Every Breath You Take" by The Police ♫  ( Kilkenney's Irish Pub)
  sure you can...and thanks!
  if you change that to, lets say Daft Punk, you might work up quite the sweat prepping the house. Bonus: the Mrs would be dancing!
 RT  First gift Evyn gives me was a big poopie diaper. Happy Father's Day. -- The best gift ever!
 Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there. 
  is  really as much fun as he appears to be on tv? I think it would just be a blast to hang out at the factory for a week.
   keeps timing out on just about everything I have it listen too. Perhaps it likes perfect silence in the background. :(
  that's what I used to do just the opposite that you're doing now. Works like a champ and no Google love lost.
 RT  hey  once you receive mine and  $18.00 / month pledge will you stop making us watch these DEPRESSING COMMERICALS?!
  keep it clean!
 “ Smoking some hookah. Watching strikeforce. Getting the night started off right!” - that's the way to do it!
 Trying out the latest  for iOS. One of the best clients I've ever uses. Nice! 
  have fun up there!
 RT  Fathers::: the proof of love is the investment of your time
 RT  Looking forward to kickin' it Tulsa Style with  and  ! Legit Sunday to ensue, for sure. | No doubt!
 RT  Who needs Photoshop when you can nab FX Photo Studio Pro for Mac for just $19 through Sunday:  5 random  ...
  "Bomb the Blocks (Daz-I-Kue Instrumental)" by Bassnectar ♫ 
 RT  “Be yourself. Above all, let who you are, what you are, what you believe, shine through every sentence you write.” John  ...
 I wonder how many tweets per day I type out, then delete?
 RT  Know someone in the midst of a crisis? 3 ways to love them well. New post: 
 RT   agreed. correlation v. causation is often overlooked - See, the attorney agrees with me, err with the commenter. Ha!
  testing your lack of sleep skills & patience! :)
 RT  Consequences of drinking soda every day:  | That's all well and good, but the first comment is a good point
  Try that whole "forgiveness is easier than permission" trick. He'll have to say yes once he sees that little face. Sry 
 Hey  congrats on the new gig! Heard it over the Twitterverse from Mr.  
 I like Baby Pierre! - “  Baby Pierre ”
  good idea. The numbers say "you aren't unique" when in fact, you are indeed!
  they need to get up off of you about this.
 RT  “Catch on fire with enthusiasm and people will come for miles to watch you burn.” -John Wesley
 RT  Just pulled into Tulsa OK. Really looking forward to tonight.. Let HIS praises rise!!!
 “ It's a beautiful day out there...go seize it!” -- Will Do!
 RT           
 This show is hilarious! -Party Down 
  It was the best place to move from my hometown. And I couldnt do it quick enough.
 Lunch with mom and    Desi Wok 
 DNA group. Good times w/  [photo] 
 RT  On of the best speeches I have seen.   
  Hope its working before I get there!
  It was only 2 pieces of hard crusted Sunday night pizza. Still good though! /cc 
 Accusations fly like bullets, piercing the heart of the receiver.
  Sounds like it's real safe out there!
 4 day old Hidaway Pizza at my desk for lunch. Yeah, I live the high life.
 You'd think it would get easier with age, but I'm finding just the opposite. Seems like I do it at least once a week now. (2 of 2)
 Figuring out how to craft my wit, especially when non-verbal, as to not offend those who are close to me will always be a struggle  (1 of 2)
 I just spit Mt. Dew all over one of my co-workers. Yes, the joke was that good!
 RT  Ed Hardy just came out with an energy drink. Now you can be a douche longer and later.
  Well, you DID use them in a link sent which is what I replied to. I wouldn't just say that for giggles. 
 RT  No-one ever changed the world by doing what everyone else told them to do, or by keeping everyone else happy.
  I think this is awesome that you're doing this for LLS. Means the world to me as my pops & nephew both diagnosed w/ Leukemia
  silly iframe links. vote down!
 RT  Thanks to the honorary doctorate I received from Dartmouth yesterday, I changed the name of "Conan" to the much funnier ...
 Headache creepin' in. Must...address...now!
  It's actually a virus.  KIDDING --  requires some work on your end. "Invite at least 3 friends using the link..."
 Turn your boring LinkedIn data into beautiful art w/ one click. Check out  | 
 New Photo:  This is We  
 enjoying a quick lunch w/   
 RT  Great Life Lesson From Dirk Nowitzki: The best way to silence the haters & naysayers is to prove them wrong.
  Yeah I did. I was the only one in the place that thought Dos Santos would win. Shoulda taken some bets. :P
  Did you enjoy the fights tonight?
  "Coming Up (feat. MDMA)" by Lupe Fiasco ♫  (from Tulsa)
  GLBT? No clue what you're talking 'bout.
 getting ready for UFC w/  [pic] 
 The Church | Audience for One: 
 RT  You will never live for yourself and the Creator at the same time.  It's either his kingdom or your kingdom and that war  ...
 Date dinner with  w/  [pic] 
  Can you send a case up here? Havent seen that before and it sounds delish!
 RT           
  No doubt. Glad I could surprise you and have some good convo to boot.
 I feel so blessed to have good friends in my life. You know who you are.
 hangin and chattin about The Word w/  [pic] 
 RT  Dear Microsoft, I love that fixing your buggy junk pays my bills, except when I also have to use your buggy junk.
 Vizualize.Me is launching soon and I'm one of the first in line! Join me.   via 
 RT  Today you are supplied with everything you need. Your job is to live like you believe it.
  can't wait for tomorrow!
  We all gotta do that from time to time.
   Ha! Isn't that always the case. Glad you figured it out, cuz I'd offer to help but c is not in my repertoire.
  What language you talkin' bout?
 RT   you go!  | Wow, my first reply with that hashtag. Just thought I'd share that with the world.
  what a tangled web we weave.
 Lunch with  Good times.   Compadres Mexican Grill 
 RT  Your Family Is More Important Than Your Desire To Take Care Of Your Family (Read More Here) 
  Nope, waiting for the next release...
  That looks like cannonball time!
 I dont respond well (or at all) to forwarded emails w/out context. If you take the time to forward me something, at least say something too
 RT  I would like to interrupt your stream of thought to let you know I think today is going to be a great day. That's all.
   I know. I'm doing nothing but "good" things right now! Or at least trying to...
 Got  a new toy last night. Brownie points FTW! 
  okay. thanks for looking and enjoy your holiday. ill keep tinkering with it.  talk to ya soon.
   Bring it on! --  can just wait a bit.  :P
 I really wish  would put his  hat back on and get some creamy goin' for the pregnant  That would be nice of him.
  Nada. Was getting 500 errors until I fixed a syntax error. Line 18 should execute an email, but nothing.
  Trying to figure out where I went wrong... 
  WP question, but I didnt want to bother you on holiday.
  Nevermind then, enjoy your holiday!
  You online and around today?
  My fav by far.  - So serious and beautiful. If it were opaque, it would be a glimpse into generations ago.
  Bring that pooch over here... will have him running for his life!
 Great breakfast and Ministry talk today with  + wife,  and 5 other non tweeters. God is moving in our community.
 Ha!  would kill me if she woke up & I was "The King" -  
 Hustle & Flow. <-- How I do it.
 RT  I hate "invite all" to events via Facebook. Consider your audience. Do I care about your hackeysack expo? NO. I don't eve ...
  What the heck? That looks delicious! Where would I find such a thing?
  I hear ya. Such as the life of a coder releasing stuff for free but having to make a living too. Such a good plugin tho. Kudos!
 I wish  could address this dang FireFox issue with his jQuery ScrollTo plugin - 
  momma Quizzle does it. Have to check with her when she gets back from Cali.
 Game of Thrones - Hoping this series turns out to be good. 
 In the last year, it's astonishing how many "washerless" rubber washers I've replaced in faucets at this house. 
 RT  Still rocking the first album.    -- Me too. Love that joint.
  diapers...am I right?!
  Either at  or the "low acid" kind from the grocery store. It  depends on how I want my stomach to act after drinking.
  Scrap that, and go with make your own at Whole Foods with Honey Roasted peanuts. Amazing. You'll thank me later.
 RT  Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former. -Einstein
 This  issue has made me make good with the neighbors who have a cellar/basement. Good ppl looking out for the whole neighborhood.
 RT  Tron Legacy R3C0NF1GUR3D is $5 on Amazon MP3 store. Instant buy. -- True!
  Pops was thuggish. Hopefully I got a bit of that. - He would say, "Don't watch, it'll hurt more!"
  been there. My Pops used to cut them hoes out with an exacto knife while I cringed.
  Missed ya too. We should get our lunch on...maybe Wed?
 Wish I was with my brothers & sisters tonight from TPMC. A 45 min project to help the nephew went into its 6th hour and just got finished.
 I'm watching NBA Basketball, Dallas Mavericks at Oklahoma City Thunder   
 I'm watching It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, Charlie Goes America All Over Everybody's Ass (Season 2, Epis  
 Amazing documentary looking into the issue of learning, teaching and dyslexia. 
 RT  Josh Groban is hanging at Topeca :-) - Hey ladies, get your Groban on!
  That, or "Harold Camping is an idiot" He was wrong before, and my bet is he's wrong again.
 Wonder what happened to  lately? Some planet must have needed their meat sack back.
  I'd venture to say its Halle Berry in a Catwoman suit over mauling zebras. But, that's just my opinion.
  I took nearly the same picture last Nov.
  is that near Pt. Loma?
 I find it strange how cynical I am about URLs that I click. I will never click a link that starts w/ ...
  "Pudpots" by Nightmares On Wax ♫ 
  personally, i hate it when someone knows my number & email address but chooses to send me a FB mail. I'm never on there.
 I'm watching It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, Frank Sets Sweet Dee on Fire (Season 3, Episode 8)   
  I talk with the owner multiple times per week. Maybe the project's just not right or too complex for me. 
  none...apparently. Thought I was going to starting back in April.
  good for you, unfortunate for me. Nick's sent nothing to my inbox since April 8th. Guess my quotes suck or something.
  JTW stuff?
  "Beautiful Lasers (2 Ways) [feat. MDMA]" by Lupe Fiasco ♫ 
  training dogs really isn't too hard, but it can be trying. I'd be happy to talk more about it w/ you anytime.
  Try biting him "figuratively" during unwanted action along w/ verbal queues. Should work fairly easy. Just takes persistence.
  its already been done already. sheesh!
  awe man...that means I gotta open the devil's webpage? Doh!
 RT  “God is good to the Irish, but no one else is; not even the Irish” - anonymous
 Anyone have a copy of Black Ops for Xbox that they're sick of playing? Perhaps we could trade a game or two for a bit. Mull it over...
 From the Blog:  Photographer’s Rights 
  "Be There" by Nightmares On Wax ♫ 
 Early morning jams ♫  
 Awesome. The sewer line at the rent house not only connects to the main UNDER the city street, but also goes under the driveway. 'Mo $$$$$
 Sippin from the Travis Grand Canyon mug on this chilly morn 
  that depends. DM me a phone num to chat later today.
 RT  Kendrick Perkins came out of the womb with a scowl on his face 
 Interesting show after  turned in for the evening. 
 Off to yet another graduation with  I'll be glad once this month is over. This is a super busy & expensive month.
  you already know what my answer would be!
  wish we were there. Stupid prior engagements.
 RT           
  - Cmon OKC 
 Hilarity! 
 Jailbreaking yet another iOS device.
  I didnt know you had your own Pita chips. 
  be careful with the knee today!
  sounds like just the perfect number
  I can't wait to see you and Evie next month. You better bring it to  !
 RT  Friday the 13th.  YEAH MAN. LET'S GO !!!! -- I say bring it!
 RT  Again: Love is the grace-enabled impulse to expand your joy-in-God by extending it to others.
 RT  What I do...  - that sir, is a sick bike.
 RT  What do you guys want to see me do next?  - Something edgy & action packed, like Dollhouse mashed up with 24.
  Sounds rewarding...good luck!
 When 2 diff companies screw me over the last 2 weeks, a homeless man recently released from prison steps in on a whim to help me. 
 Awe great...Newt is running.
 I forgot to grab some breakfast this morning. How does a fat man do that?
 RT  Note to self:  'mv' is not the same as 'cp'.  Let's keep them straight, shall we? - At least it wasn't confused with rm
   -- Was it just that the  looked really good last night, or were the Grizzlies just way off their game?
 I'm watching NBA Basketball, Memphis Grizzlies at Oklahoma City Thunder   
  Indeed! Especially when you need an exact number for a particular task.
 Shrink wrapped nuts, bolts & washers 
 Replacing bad drives & rebuilding arrays. Fun stuff.   Saint Francis South 
 Pretty sweet! - Pepsi's social vending lets users buy drinks for friends remotely  via 
  oh you know...being classless and elbowing people for no reason. Typical sore loser stuff...
  everyone wants 3D elements in a 2D space. My $0.02
 Challenge me on Words With Friends. 
  yes, am too behind and overwhelmed this past weekend and today especially.
  And for the last few months I've just thought you've been ignoring me on Twitter.
  Good luck!
  It probably is, but he's a tough old man!
  hope it's better than  cuz that sucked. The special effects were good, but that was about it. /cc 
 RT  "You do not believe a thing rightly until you act in accordance with it." AW Tozer
  happy moms day to you. You got a great husband in  who's just as ready as you for this party to start!
 Free leadership book on the line. 
 RT  Ask not why this page does not support your browser, but why your browser cannot properly render this page.
  amen! I'd love to see OKC vs Dallas for the West. 
  what? Rent movies? What is that?
 RT  Dallas is killing it.  - nice to see the Lakers choking on this sweep!
 Hi mom. Happy Day to you...and all the others in the world.
 RT  Someday Facebook will come to rest on archive.org, like Geocities. This too shall pass.
 Graduation time!  Gallagher IBA Arena 
 On the way to Stillwater to see the niece graduate. 
  or something MUCH stronger. Lol
 RT  My body always wakes up at this time no matter what I do. - I got that same problem. I'm up every weekend at ridiculous times.
 About to have  & wife over for dinner.  is hooking up the kitchen with some tex-mex love.
 Operation "FB Lock-Down" in full effect. Facebook  Wall - Locked. Many other privacy settings tweaked too.
  yes. Right in the middle of it now. Premier starts in 50 mins.
 RT  Micron and Intel have teamed up to build flash memory together in China. Hope it brings prices down on SSD.
 RT  According to this Intel rep I'm listening to, there appears to be an intel/apple product in the works. Look for it within 6mos
  Starworld. Dell & Intel presentation first.
 VMWare, Dell & Intel presentation and  movie premier with  I better win something.
 RT  Tic tac toe, it's 3 in a row for  untether!  PwnageTool and redsn0w updated for iOS 4.3.3: 
  Nice One!
  Imitación. También hablo muy poco pero su agradable para intentar algo diferente a veces.
 RT  Twitter has brought me in touch with a lot of cool people! :D
  you're killing my inbox with old post comment replies. Something change in the system? I've got over 50 emails in last 5 mins
  never knew you spoke espanol. Que pasa?
 Getting new tires on the Highlander. Hope this $600+ pans out well.
   - Auto3G isnt working properly. Seems uncracked from the repo. Right after launch get an error.
  of course!
  I think that's just the "belly" talkin'
  wish one was heading my way but I guess you guys still have nothing for me
 RT  The less bloody version. yfrog.com/h24jayaj -- here's a proud Oklahoma boy...
  
