  videos from  on my Android using  
 Warning: Spotify may not remember your starred songs 
  "A/k/a Tommy Chong" from  on my Android using  
  "ABC Good Morning America" from  on my Android using  
 likes The Time (Dirty Bit) by The Black Eyed Peas on Ping  
 likes Rolling In the Deep by ADELE on Ping  
  what happened to the stock nexus one roms on rom manager?
 Working until about lunch today
  thank you and happy father's day to you too.
 Watching a little TMZ to catch up on the Hollywood gossip.
 Financial Times Creates HTML 5 App, Avoids Apple's Fees  via 
 He finally caught a mouse. 
 The keyboard on my nexus one was acting up so I rebooted.  I'm running CyanogenMod 7.03. It seems ok now.
  we have power but no agenda in Chatsworth San Fernando valley.
 I'm inthe process of uploading mby entire musicc collectionof over 18,000 songs to Google music. About a week to go.
 Listening to Aretha on my new XOOM using Google music. 
 My son. The cat 
 Trying out plume on my new  Motorola xoom
 Ramen: Not Just for Broke Drunks 
 I just checked in at Safari Surf and Sport on  and earned the Rookie badge! 
 I checked in at IHOP (21103 Devonshire St) on  
  thank you.
 My wife made me an Android cake for my birthday. 
 I just rated Claim Jumper Restaurant 5 stars on  "We love this place.  Good food and service in a pleas..." 
  
  did you mean ramen?
 If any of you are thinking of joining groupon use this link to help me out.  
  Las Vegas?
  were the flowers from the dog?
  sounds interesting.  Will be listening.
  "ABC 20/20" beaming from PC to iPod via   
  beaming videos from PC to Android via   
  beaming videos from PC to Android via   
  beaming videos from PC to Android via   
   follow for some interesting tweets
  "Good Eats" beaming from PC to Android via   
  beaming videos from PC to Android via   
  beaming videos from PC to iPod via   
  beaming videos from PC to iPod via    Central
  beaming videos from PC to iPod via   
 Check out Groupon's daily deal - huge discounts on the coolest stuff in your city... 
 The Android market is not working. I tried a few android devices and you can select an app but not download it. Something new tomorrow?
 At the movies getting ready to watch tangled.
 Google announces Android event for February 2nd -- Engadget 
 I use the google reader App anyway. Get it if you use chrome browser.
 I think Google changed the reader link to photos at the top of the gmail page because they are trying to promote photo hosting.
  nightlies?
  con cyanogen o stock 2.3
 trying out the seesmic app for chrome. Pretty nice.
 The tech cat. A nexus one on his front paw and a galaxy tab between his legs.  
  now we are waiting for the end in 2012
 Lady GaGa said God makes no mistakes. So I feel better now. Thanks lady gaga.
 I can't believe how much more battery life I get on my nexus when I switch to 2g
 I've just entered the contest to win a smartphone coaster from  you can too.
 New android market 
 Dropbox. It goes to 11. 
 acerna sent you this page: AN ENGINEER WITH TOO MUCH TIME ON HIS HANDS 
 Finally a day off.  It is getting off to a good start.
 Lunch at the habit.  
  can I have the coupon code
 RT  ONLINE GUY: IPad and Galaxy Tab go mano a mano (But I won't buy either): I dive into the features of th... . ...
  Wow. One million users. I am proud to be one of them.
 Its going to be a great day.
 Working on Thanksgiving. I should be home on time for the festivities.
 Galaxy tab
 Here is a picture of my girlfriend sent from my new Galaxy tab.  
 likes Abbey Road by The Beatles on Ping  
 likes We Belong by Pat Benatar on Ping  
 this is a great song.  
 likes Rainy Night In Georgia (feat. Chris Botti) by Aaron Neville on Ping  
 likes Tush by ZZ Top on Ping  
 RT  Happy Birthday 
 Time to update your mac 
 I used to have a pair of these back in the day. Vintage Sunglasses - Porsche 5628 - 
 Saturday Night Live: SNL Digital Short: Shy Ronnie 2: Ronnie and Clyde 
 Twitter for Android updated with whole bunch of improvements 
 No Flash for you! Skyfire pulled from iOS App Store [Updated] 
 Just a little something I found 
 I checked in at Western Bagel (20516 Devonshire St  C) on  
  I just want to let you know I've been getting a download error on the gapps when trying to download the nightlies from rom manager
  beautiful puppy. A nice break from all this tech stuff.
  I feel naked without my phone.
  it takes a little getting used to it. In a good way.
  yeah. It's super clean.
 Teching out
 Trying out tweetdeck for android.
 RT  Not gonna wear a jacket for my liveshot tonight so I'll be super chile
 My third grader just said. Daddy my friends at school don't know what a nexus one is. Can you believe that?
 Good
 I'm watching hell's kitchen on Dvr
 I checked in at IHOP (21103 Devonshire St) on  
 My latest discovery is a little hamburger place called the habit.
  its a good timesaver. Im using it to write this message. :-)
  I use better keyboard, smart keyboard pro and just started trying out swiftkey. Which is a pretty interesting concept.
  cool let me know how it goes. I read there might be trouble with third party keyboards.
 Android 2.2.1 Froyo/Build FRG83 Launches For Google Nexus One 
 Has anyone seen a rooted version of frg83 yet?
 There is a rumor that Google will be releasing the nexus two next month
 Just watched the back-up plan. It was pretty good.
 I checked in at Western Bagel (20516 Devonshire St  C) on  
 I checked in at Omino Sushi (20959 Devonshire St) on  
 I went back to the stable release 6.0 of cyanogen rom instead of the nightly releases. I got tired of living on the edge.
  yeah me too. Dropbox is awesome.
 My wife got food poisoning after eating lunch  in Northridge, CA yesterday and she is still sick. What a shame.
  I hope the theatre seats have a massage feature.
 Sync your files online and across computers with  2GB account is free! 
 Trying out swype for android
 Having a pretty calm day at work today.
 Just playing around with the latest cyanogen build for n1
  does anyone know what kind of tablet this is?
 Sitting at papa johns waiting for some pizza
  that pizza looks good.
 Apple Preps Yerba Buena for September 1st Media Event  via 
  looks great :-)
 I'm relaxing and watching TV while catching up on my tweets.
 I checked in at Omino Sushi (20959 Devonshire St) on  
  a lot of people that follow me on twitter turn out to ne spammers. Does that happen to you too?
  yeah get over it with all the spam
 The nexus one and windows 7 were my ideas. :-)
 Its nice having my buzz account in seesmic. What's next foursquare integration?
 After testing all twitter clients for android I've decided to go with seesmic. Its clean and does everything I need. :-)
 Tweetcaster for android would be perfect if it didn't have that annoying Facebook button
  yes I really like doodle jump too
  I also thought touiteur was a little confusing the first time I tried it but I'm glad I gave it a second chance.
  there is a massive recall of about 300 million eggs  tweetdeck is nice but I'm hooked on touiteur.
 Watching some gossip on TMZ :-)
  it might be too late but id think it does. We are having lots of problems with eggs here in the USA.
  that's cool. I gave up on Facebook a while back.
 Watching cash cab on tv
  so now nobody will know that.you have it.
 I use Android TweetDeck with text size 27! 
 RT  Forget Facebook’s Flick, The Google Movie Is Underway 
 Trying out tweetdeck for android again
  you could freeze them if you don't feel like doing anything now
 Having a nice lunch
 Trying out tweetdeck for android
  vodka?
 I feel like I have a hangover today. Except I didn't drink anything.
 Relaxing and watching tmz.
 RT   remember to post a pic with u and ur swag on our site!! 
  we still have a few more visits.to  before school starts.
  sometime in September
 I'm retesting all the android twitter clients.
 RT  Report: RIM to let Saudis monitor BlackBerry data ~ 
  ill be listening.
  its a great phone
  hope to see you on ai this year.
 Time to relax a d catch up on some TV.
 Finally a Friday. I hope it's a nice weekend :-)
 But my favorite  is the fish and chips  
 The onion ring tower  is pretty impressive  
 I'm off to  for some lunch with the family cause the food is so good and the people are so nice.
 It seems like days are longer when I stay home and relax. It was a good day today.
  the food and the service were awesome. Its our new favorite restaurant. We'll be back soon!
 Lunch was good  
 Having lunch at red Robin 
 I urge all the people who are enjoying  roms to buy him some beer by contributing through Paypal on his site.
  were you twittering from the toiilet?
 RT  I twisted my knee sitting on the toilet. Figure that
 I used to make fun of people who loved their cats. Now I'm one of them.
  when is the android app coming out?
 Mail?
 I really like the onion App for android.
 Watching America's got talent and getting a massage at the same time.
 I really like the new digg  check it out at 
 f5ecc845077f46cab38369abbd05f5cb
  Spain for sure
  ready for the world cup final?
 Is there anyone awake out there?
 The only thing that could make this world better is if  6 was released soon.
 I was right this morning. It was a great day. I love my life.
 I'm awake and it looks like another beautiful day in so-cal
 Its a shame Facebook and twitter come built into froyo. Is like to try out twitdroyd and I don't use facebook.
 Finally home.  I'm tired but happy
 I'm now using google voice exclusively for voice and text messaging. Will be saving 360 dollars a year just on the att family text plan
 In an effort to simplify my life and combat my lack of imagination. My domain now points to my twitter page
 Untitled 
 What is ping.fm?
 RT  Unmade beds may help get rid of dustmites that cause asthma and allergies. Dirty dishes are still a no-go. 
 They say we won't pay for apps, so I took the  to spend $5/wk. on  apps. How 'bout you? 
 Trying out twitdroyd.
 Untitled 
 Going out for some froyo
 2 megapixel 
 had to lower video quality too 
 testing video 
 The act is fixed  
  
 this is a test to see if pixelpipe will allow me to post and update my status everywhere at once.  
 At work with no AC 
 I'm getting more bars since I updated to frf91
 Frf91 is loaded on my rooted nexus one.
 Summer cold. Feel like I got hit by a truck.
 I'm using my Audible for Android app, so should you. Download it for free at 
 Hello world
 Glad to see lie to me is starting up again.
  for sending the link. I really enjoyed reading about a developers point of view.
  thanks for sending the link. I really enjoyed reading about a developers point of view.
  thanks. Sent from my android nexus one.
  thanks I'll check it out.
  you could say that
 It's not that I disagree with Steve Jobs. Flash doesn't belong on mobile. I just don't like people telling me what I can and can't do.
  finally got the kindle version for my iPad. Now I can take it everywhere I go. 
 Just had a great lunch at sansai in Chatsworth. They are always good and have something for everyone.
 Oh yeah and windows 7 was my idea.
 I just got done installing windows 7 on my MacBook. Not bootcamp but a single OS. Too much control from apple. Bye OS X.
  I use chrome on all my computers. Windows, Mac and Linux.
  maybe you'll get a ota upgrade. I heard all stock n1s are getting it from google but you didn't buy it from google did you.
  it was a great phone already and froyo made it better. Take your time and read up on rooting. You'll know when it's time
  how's the nexus one running? Did you put froyo on it yet?
 Walmart officially cuts iPhone 3GS to $97, potentially clearing out inventory for the iPhone 4?  on Fluent News
  its awesome.
 Eating some froyo and using froyo on my nexus one. Double froyo.
  thanks for the great email. I have also deleted my facebook account and look forward to the 14 day waiting period to be over.
 I just love my nexus one. It's the best phone I've ever had
 Finally off work. Time to have a nice lunch and play with my gadgets.
 I guess I should have known my first choice was the best one when i first picked 
 I tried all the rims available for the nexus one over the past few days and  is still the king.
 It was a long day but a great one.
  thanks.  And I Mean deleted not deactivated.
 Finally deleted my Facebook account. I was not happy with their privacy setup. I like twitter much better.
  I have only used barnacle a couple of times. I have wifi at home and at work. That's where i am most of the time. But it's good 2have
 Here is how to jailbreak your ipod i'll one or ipad.  
  i use a program called barnacle tether to make the phone into a wifi hotspots so i can use it with my ipad and laptop for no extra $$
  then i found a company that makes a dock that charges a second battery in the back. Perfect for rotating the batteries.
  ah. I got mine straight from google. I also got the dock and a couple of extra batteries.
  same here but im tired of mr jobs telling me what i can and can't do. As soon as the android tablets are out bye bye ipad.
  other than buying the nexus one and switching from the oppression of apple.   is the best decision i have made.
  after a couple of weeks my 32 gb. Iphone 3gs ended up on Craig's list.
  the nexus one is different. I originally bought it to use a second phone but quickly fell in love with it.
  read up  cyanogenmod.com, droid basement and the xda forums.
  but im using smart keyboard pro and its really smooth.
  its a great phone right out of. The box though. The only thing i had to get used to was the keyboard. Iphone has a better one.
  i was kinda worried i might ruin my new phone but it was totally worth it. Take your time though. You'll know when it's time.
  I. Rooted mine and put cyanogen rom on it. Ovecloked to 1.13 ghz
 Trader Joe's is a fantastic place to buy food in Los Angeles  
  how does it feel?
 Had lunch at pizza cookery with these gorgeous women  
  i like it
  i read its important to let your battery charge completely the first time. In the meantime check out appbrain.com
  yes i am using the official twitter app and i got rid of my 3gs. I'll be able to give you lots of advice let ur Bart charge 100%
  cool i know you'll be happy with it.
  the nexus one is the best thing I ever bought.
 It just hangs there for about 3 minutes with a spinning beach ball before the sync starts.
 Is anyone else having a problem with their iPad taking too long to start syncing?
  it doesn't work
 Ellen's iPhone Commercial Update! 
  why are You sad
 New Browser for Android (Dolphin)
 Im off work today.  Just having fun.
  i agree with you and have uninstalled my task manager
 I switched back to swift from the official twitter client. Swift runs smoother and is kind on the battery.
 Didn't tweet much today. Hard day lots of problems. Its all better now.
 Support  add a  to your avatar now! - 
 iPad jailbreak! 
 Streaming where the wild things are from Amazon.  Using my roku box.
  sounds like fun. We have fry's electronics here.
  i used to love going there
  I thought all the compusa stores closed.
 Im tired but happy.
 It's 3:30 in the morning on a Saturday and I'm already awake.  I hope it's a nice day when the sun comes up.
 
  I agree. Its a really clean twitter client.
  and it's a pretty good twitter client.
 Sata toilet  
 The official twitter for android is pretty sweet. I like it better than anything else out there.
 Trying the new twitter for android
 This could get interesting
 Another day at work. Can't wait for the first android tablets to come out.
 Watching Ruby at home.
 Yummy dessert at the yogurt zone.  
 Lunch was great.
 Something peruvian to drink.  
 Lomo saltado for lunch at las dunas. Its soo good.
 It's going to be a good day. No work just fun and relaxation.
  not problems with the voltage here. Signal is good and battery life is great.
 I think it's working.
 Listening to the black eyed peas to are of I can snap out of my stupor.
 Listening to the engadget podcast
  San Diego is always nice though.
 I guess I'm kind of sleepy too and not typing very well.
 And playing with mi gadgets of course.
 Just kicking back andwatching movies at home today.
 Smart keyboard pro is the best two euros I ever spent. It's the best android keyboard i have tried so far.
  yes she was great on AI.
 What a beautiful day in Los Angeles.
 Its 5 am on Sunday and I've already been at work for almost two hours.
  that's what i get for going to vons.
  best mexican food in the valley
  im in i guess its my lucky day.
  they won't care
 Im headed to las fuentes for lunch. Hopefully ill get a table.
 I wish they had swift for the iPad
 I like email better 
 hello just testing the posting through sms feature on my posterous.
 hello
 The beauty of this kernel is that its overclocked and undervolted rrsulting in more speed with less power consumption.
 Its smooth like buttah.
 I just overclocked my nexus one to 1113 mhz. Thanx cyanogen, kmobs, pershoot.
 My family had a surprise party waiting for me when I got home. It was a happy birthday for sure.
 Looks like rain again
  thank you
 dusty again 
 Celebrating my birthday with breakfast at ihop
  I'm. Sure you can handle it. BTW I'm loving seesmic for android.
 Great Chinese dinner at home.
 I guess it's time to go to work again.
 It's a beautiful rainy day in los angeles
  she's good but not even close to jewel.
 sleepy cat 
 Untitled 
 I can't think of a single thing an iPhone can do better than my nexus one.
 Testing touiteur.
 Sitting at the boba lounge having a drink with my GF, my iPad and my nexus one.
  photoshop
 Movie time with the family.
 Listening to Leo Laporte the tech Guy on kfi
 Uts a nice cool morning in Los Angeles.
 Pb&j for dinner
  no you are not the only one
 After one date of use I'm. Still loving swift.
 Having fun yet? We are.
 Kid 1 using macbook, kid 2 using ipad, kid 3 using ipod touch, wife using blackberry and i'm. Tweeting on a nexus one.
 It's going to be a good day.
 Google goggles is really cool.
 after about an hour using swift for android on my nexus one it has become my favorite twitter app.
 Testing out swift for android. Looks good so far.
 Finally home for the evening
 Black eyed peas immabe
 Now back to hacking my nexus 1
 Had a nice lunch
 I guess I'm off to work.
 I'm trying twitterrific for the iPad. I like the interface a little better than the twittelator.
 It's time for a nice cup of coffee.
 I think I'm just getting sick of Apple telling me what I cann do with my hardware.
 And android kicks ass on iphone OS. Although I still like my Mac and iPad. At least until chrome comes out.
 Anyone who says the Nexus One is not better than the iPhone has not used the Nexus one.
 Tweeting from the iPad using my nexus one as a tether.
 Just rooted my nexus one last night
 Signal really sucks here papa johns pizza
 I am using voice recognition software to text a tweet using the nexus 1
 I guess it's time to go to work.
 
 First tweet from the Nexus One.
 Nexus One Unboxing 
 FedEx says my Nexus One just got delivered to my house. Now I have to wait until I get off work to play with it.
 I'm using Local News: 
 I just ordered the nexus one for Att
 Anyone had problems with the nexus one? I'm about to order one and even though I have Topekad the info I am not sure yet.
 Twittelator Pad is so amazing with its gorgeous graphics and fantastic feel!
 Listening to this week in Google. I mean Topeka.
 Testing twitelator pad
 Day three with iPad and everything is peachy. I even forgot my iPhone today.
 NPR: iPad Could Help Self-Publishers Kick Open Doors-More at 
 Finally home after a long day at work.
 I'm awake and playing with my iPad.
 First tweet from the iPad. Sweet!
 iPad unboxing 
  Leo if I get a nexus one can I switch my sim card back and forth to the iPhone. Will the iPhone data plan work on the n1? Thanks
  armand loic 
  armand loic
 280.JPG [pic] 
 I was the first to order the iPad 
 I was the first to order the iPad  
 I was the first to order the iPad 
 I was the first to order the iPad 
 audioBoo: I was the first to order the iPad  
 audioBoo: I was the first to order the iPad 
 I'm at Western bagel Chatsworth (20516 Devonshire Street, Mason, Los Angeles).  
 I'm at Western bagel Chatsworth (20516 Devonshire Street, Mason, Los Angeles). 
 Little Mermaid 2: Return to the Sea part 1 
 24 Officially Canceled 
 24 Officially Canceled:  
 24 Officially Canceled: 
 Islands [pic] 
 Posted via web from Armand Cerna dot com [pic] 
 Islands 
 Islands  
 Islands 
 Pants on the ground covers 
 Pants on the ground covers 
 Pants on the ground covers 
 Pants on the ground covers  
 Pants on the ground covers  
 Ticlio [pic] 
 Posted via web from Armand Cerna dot com [pic] 
 Ticlio 
 Ticlio  
 Ticlio 
 I'm at Fresh and Easy (19350 nordhoff, Northridge).  
 I'm at Fresh and Easy (19350 nordhoff, Northridge). 
 I'm at wienerschnitzel.  
 I'm at wienerschnitzel. 
  do you like the snow? It seems fun. 
  do you like the snow? It seems fun.
 I'm at Godiva Chocolatier (6600 Topanga Canyon Blvd., Canoga Park).  
 I'm at Godiva Chocolatier (6600 Topanga Canyon Blvd., Canoga Park). 
 Amazing Piano Freestyle on Chat Roulette 
 Ubuntu netbook remix is pretty smooth. It identified all my hardware on a Samsung nc10. I ded have to update firmware though.
 1178350 
