  do you know of there is wifi this year?
  Oooo, never had a bday wish from Sweden before. Thank you!
 W00t! my birthday in the future had started! Rt " Happy birthday Mr.  May it be an awesome year!"
  thanks steve
  starting
  I'm staying my vacation right now!
  good morning kevin. Are you feeling better?
  YES!  First San Francisco.  Now LA.  Next up, Chicago!
  do you have the champagne ready?
  Well, both boys will be in the same town.
  I laughed so hard at that tweet and my side is in pain.
 RT   You know I hug like Voldemort.
  You're going to get a long loving hug tomorrow.
  The boys will be back in town in a few hours.
  I get to see you on Thursday!
  I get to meet you tomorrow!
  I love Mark Malkoff - 
  major hugs!
  I'm going to see you tonight!
 Two Brits visits Walmart for the first time.  Hilarity ensues - 
     I FORGOT MY BLAZER!
  i sent out postcards to those who couldn't make it last year & have youtubers sign it
  Do you want a postcard from 
  Haha.  I had it Saturday.  So good!
 "IMing" my colleague who is sitting next to me. Circa 1950 
 I'm going to be a refugee for the next 3-5 weeks at work after this past weekend's rain.
    All I got out of these tweets is that I will be directing a video of 3 girls role playing.
 Hey folks!  I have 2 tickets to give out for the   Want to attend for free?  RT & tell me who you want to see! 20sbsummit.com
  i hope so too, but that's what always happen when they zoom that fast.  they're currently patrolling my area vigorously.
 Cops ZOOMING by my apartment.  That only means one thing:  there's been another shooting.
  Can I hug you at   Can I hug you on camera?  Would that be awkward?  Is this tweet/question awkward?
  Does this interest you or anyone you know? 20sbsummit.com
  Can't make it. I'm going to be in LA for 
  Danke!  It's not until Weds though. Weird to think it's finally my golden birthday.
 YES!  RT    should I start a "twinkie" google circle and only post super white things?
 Of to celebrate my birthday early with a 10 mile run with silence of the night, the hush of Lake Michigan & the glow of the Chicago skyline.
  LOL!  Zeugma is a great work & great sentence structure.  If only I could remember how to use it properly.
  Yes.
  you speak in single words.  speaks in complicated zeugmas that confuses my brain & pierces my heart.
 RT  Represent /cc  RT  It's because I'm a twinkie isn't it?
  I think  is nicer.
  you have broken my heart.  i'm going to go on my 10 mile birthday run and cry my heart out.
  It's because I'm a twinkie isn't it?
  Doesn't mean I can't get a title!  We co-started this last year.  I see how it is, just throw me to the curb.
  I don't get a title?  *sniff* I see how it is.  You can only handle one asian.
  Wait!  I got demoted?
  can you change phamapnts2 to phampants?
   Nope. 
 Mashup of Rebecca Black's "Friday" & Nyan Nyan Cat -  via 
 RT  Team AwesomeFace --  and   
  the appointment was from 8-12, showed up at 11. Faulty equipment the first time. Been waiting since then
 I wonder why we didn't get a new and business class labeled modem the first time
 And casio smoker comcast guy is playing with his personal phone. Work phone on the other hand.
  ive been at an offsite office since 8am waiting for comcast
  oh this is business comcast
 What i've learned from the new comcast guy so far, he likes to smoke and go to the casino. Calls off if he is losing too much money
 "Good" and "reliable"  taking their sweet time to get a modem. 
 And now I'm back waiting for Comcast cuz the techs are talking outside as they get a modem.
 Haha, the two  techs here are dissing  and complaining how they get don't get any decent equipment.
  Can you bring me some Tim Tams?   can vouch for me!
  help. Newly installed site is down. modem was going thermal
  okay, a photo of  holding a sign saying she hearts  Got it. :-)
  I'm sure    & I can it happen 
  Ugh, Jake Melnick's is right by work. Can't. Flying out to LA tomorrow night 
 Sitting in the corner at an offsite office, waiting for the Comcast guy to show up. 
 RT  Ha!  Season Three production begins.  
  Will do.  FYI, this is a business installation.
  Correct.  Still waiting for the tech.  Currently in hour 2 of 4 in the window.
 Oh where, oh where is the Comcast guy?  Oh where, oh where could he be?
  Wait, was that too creepy & too much up front? I promise I don't have a restraining order.
  Can I give you a hug when I meet you at  ?
  Team AwesomeFace?
  do you want me to call in?
  I will be in town!  Remind me closer and we'll meet up.
  Chicago baby
  i'll call you in hour tops
      That's nacho cheese
  I thought you were partner ages ago. 
  CONGRATULATIONS!
  I had a crush on Lenni
    Someone tell me what is going on! 
  what about Ghostwriter?  LOVED that show.
   what?  just got home from work.  actually drinking wine right now 
 Cleaning up after storm flooding at work proved to be more exhausting than expected.
   wait, I thought we agreed on a different team name?
  You're in Chicago? Welcome to my city!
 My work place looks like the Titanic if it was ever pulled up
 The novelty of Chick-fil-a has not dwindled, but the service has gotten really bad. Or perhaps because it's a Saturday.
 Saturday morning & I got the emergency call that work is flooded.  Pham to the rescue!
  :'(
   Yes, but the overlapping Venn Diagram is not in your favor.
  I'd see HP again over Transformers.  But I'd say it's fun enough to see.
 Sad I'm not looking forward to the wkend cuz  > this weekend. Let next week come faster!
  That proof, if any.  
  I offer the bed, but that is my cat's territory.  We can draw straws for the couch.
  what's up?
  No balcony. Bathtub is off limits at night because it's my cat's toy speedway.
   
  Ill be expecting you. Even have a place for you to pass out.
 Anyone want to come over to my place tonight and drink my homebrew?  
  Yes. I really enjoyed watching Chicago get blown up. But remember, it's Michael Bay.
  All I got from that tweet was that you're dating robots now. 
  You should have responded, "Add alcohol."
     Look!   2012 annoucement!  
 RT  ANNOUNCING VIDCON 2012!!  - More space, cheaper hotels, and DISNEY!
 [Blogged] The Un-  
  I owe you and email.  And a Skype call. And 2 postcards. :)
  you and me both.
  lol, alright.  alright.  i'll see it and we can geek out together.
  but i feel like i need to see harry potter again before i see capt america
  i can't decide if i  should see it or not
  geeking out to what?
  email is so 2000. :-P
  dated a girl with 4 nipples
  feel better
  yup.  so tired. need more coffee
  welcome to cst
  have you had it?
   Have either of you ate something like this?  cc   
 Thought about using cheese as creme for coffee.  Yeah, definitely need more coffee.
  This might interest you.  Brandbook - 
  Beer always equals carbo loading
  It doesn't matter how many times you can say "hung," "big," or "large" but it's not going to make you any bigger.
  Your beloved STL: 
 Last view of the Space Shuttle from ISS:  via 
  nope.  going out there for  but going an extra day early for my bday.
        Can't make it! I'll be in Disneyland. :'(
  That's my birthday!
  Why the SOS?
 RT  BTW- Starbucks at 6 Corners is out of ice. They won't charge you if you order an iced drink - but it will barely be  ...
 About to die from heat exhaustion
  WAIT!  WAIT!  WAIT!  NOT WHAT I MEANT!
  i want to try
  Bros don't let bros poop fire alone.
 My life is now complete! RT  Apparently, I haven't been clear on this before, but  is cool.
  That is as close as I can get (for now) of you saying that I'm cool.  I'll take it with the utmost honor. cc 
   I approve that you both are following each other. :)
  *hugs*
  uh oh what? 
 RT  You guys are going to be so happy. Click the link for the COMPLETE list of speaker's at  
  I find it hilarious that I see you go to bed and wake up each day.
  Great choice!  Enjoy some delicious beer for me.
  [youtube=URL]
   I had mix feelings about what she wrote, hence I asked you cuz I trust your judgment.
   What are your thoughts on this? This was shared to me on twitter: 
  Have you heard of her? 
 RT  Help  in win "On the Rise" Youtube contest. One of my favorite up-and coming vloggers: 
  maybe they're too use to twitter & can't read beyond 140 characters. =P
  You are missing this HP song on that list. Personally, one of the best parodies. - 
  If I could afford to sponsor you I would. Best I can do is offer you some floor space in the the hotel I'm sharing.
  I receive texts when DMs are sent to me. This is the only way I know.
  yup
  painful.  ran 8 last night and my foot is killing me.  you?
  \no didn't realized you changed it
  you're  now
  You changed your handle?!?!?!
  happy birthday! I turn 27 next week
 Ran 8.52 miles and felt alright. Eight.  And I use it loosely.  Hot, humid and misty.  
 It's not every day you have an important phone call while in your boxers.
  are you going to  ?
  You're on  
  You make friends w/ the rabbit that eats the salad. 
  best wishes as you sprint to the finish!
  how much longer until you reach freedom?
  Best time to do it.  Nothing is holding you back.
  wondering if you were interested in traveling
  Whoa!  Love the new cut.
  Does the secret  menu of "The Pounder" exist?
 Lost a wheel. 
  I have no time.
  Got burned out. Going all in again means more burn out. I'll watch, won't do daily vlogs.
  I want to, but I can't. :'(
  Does Australia or New Zealand ring a bell?
  i miss your face
  huh? 
  Something for  
 Help! The internet is out! Send packets!
 RT  I present to you the Nyan Cat Orchestra -  I'd pay to listen to this live.
 RT  We've got 2 tickets to  Tag + follow us & tell us why u want to go. You have until Wed. to 
  Good morning to you, good night to me.
  Let's trade! 
  MEH is right
  vanilla
  Crows. <3
  I do!
 RT  I wish it was an Olympic Summer.
  I'm right off lake michigan at a bbq
  noted
  what meat is still needed? Be there soon hopefully
  how does it feel having a little furball? :-)
  yes!!!!! It is so magical
  what do you need more of? Be there in an hour or so
  I promise I won't dress up as Mario & jump on your back for the  cc 
  Would I be disowned if I declared it "Hug A Hipster Day?"
   oh I can't wait to see it again
  enjoy!!!
  where are you going?
  do it! Want to baby sit my cat?
  will that just counted out half the guys you know
  another race?
 RT  Help iO and the The iO Comedy Network gain more exposure by voting for our very own Liz Thompson of the popular...  ...
  were his legs shaven? Of so, major problem
 RT  Don't forget to take advantage of the NOWORNEVER promotion for  if you're part of the  community!
 RT  WE GET RELEASE DATES AGAIN WITH POTTERMORE!!!! (only philosophers stone is open in October, hoping for book2 early 2012 ...
 RT   when lord voldemort hugs you
  happy birthday!
 RT  "after all this time, severus?" "always."
  Perfect.
  How far are you running?  I'm about to go to sleep.  Got back from Harry Potter.
  are you serious? First movie?
 Thanks you J K Rowling.
 Seriously? Seriously? At a Harry Potter movie? 
 Showtime!  
 RT  I have one day to raise $225 more for  Foundation Chicago. Please help!   
 RT  Is it weird to add someone on Facebook after they've started following you on Google+? I feel like I'm moving backwards.
  since yesterday?
  I couldn't find a button to attach a video response to your rollercoaster video in 
  happy birthday yo!
  expelliamus!
 RT  Instead of seeing "Harry Potter," I'm in a car in the middle of nowhere. In absolute darkness. Awesome. (Lumos...)
  wait until you see my costume.
 My Harry Potter costume. Go Ravenclaw! Cc  
 Harry Awesome Potter.  
  the death eaters ate it
  are you dressed up again?
 My excitement for Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 can be reflected in the fact that I changed pants twice today. 
 RT  I'm next to some definite muggles who don't know the names of the characters. You don't deserve to be here.
  8 million awesome people!!!
 RT  Just scored major nerd points. Two girls rolled in a treat trolley & when it got silent I yelled, "We'll take the lot!" Y ...
   ( AMC Showplace Village Crossing 18 w/ 9 others) 
 I just unlocked the "Harry Potter" badge on  
 RT  WARNING: MAJORLY NERDY PICTURE. Me with Bellatrix, Voldemort, Dumbledore, & Luna!  cc   ...
  what house are you?
  please please tweet pics.
 NOT TRUE!    So true! LOLOLOL  
  btw, I'm glad that i have someone to share the HP Fandom with via twitter in Chicago. :)
  I am beyond overreacting over here at a coffee shop in Lincoln Square.
  WHAT?!?!?!??!?!!??!?!  PICS!!!!  SO JEALOUS!!!
 RT    
  man, now i'm nervous. wasn't expecting to cry but i think twitter is changing my mind.
 RT  I don't know about god, but I believe in Jo Rowling.
 RT  Just saw HP7. goodbye childhood. 
  but tears ?
  did you bring tissues? Tweets coming out of  staying the last movie is a bawler
 RT  Just saw the last Harry Potter movie at Leakycon. Still crying. I'm so grateful to have been adopted by this extraord ...
 RT  OMGOMGOMGOMGOMG. That was a very moving experience. I would have paid $1000 for that.
 RT  Last time I'll cry that much in a film. Devastating and beautiful, but that's all I'll say for now.   ...
 RT  Have now seen Part 2. Cried through the whole thing. What an amazing ending. God I will miss not knowing.
  20% always, 10% for bad service, only zero it is appalling
  is that an official badge or partner? 
  alas, not me.
  I got your back.
  So jealous that you get to see it early!
 RT  Q101 :: Chicago's Alternative :: WKQX-FM :: Live Stream:  [Later dudes. :-(  ]
  Meet  I recommended you for their wedding.
  The Corse Flower is blooming at UIUC!  I think you should go see it.  It only blooms for 2 days.
 RT  Yeah, why not? Want Early Access to Spotify? 300 Invites Available Here 
   All hail Ravenclaw!
   Yeah, me too!
 It's not everyday you get to see Marylin Monroe's butt. 
  The girls should fix that. =P
 Help fellow Chicago YouTuber  by voting for her on  On the Rise - 
  You're on  On the Rise this month!  Get votes! 
 Ravenclaws!  Put your wands up!  cc  
  I find it extremely interesting and it has definitely effected to whom I choose to donate.
  You should play "COW!"
  Today is the last day of Q101
 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows part 2 being released 2nite. It's time to "Fly Like It's Quidditch" -  
 I just got one of the first US Spotify accounts because I have Klout!    Find out if you're eligible:  
 Running half marathons in your dreams is exhausting. 
  You're such a nerd. :)
 Help  pick a new  loan recipient. 
 My buttocks is sore from running 6 miles tonight.  Aka: I'm a fat ass.  
  hey, when are you ever on skype?
  mistake or best prank pulled among friends & wedding party?
  Do it!  I might even wear my robe.  
  This will be me at work again tomorrow -    
  it could be worse. be the only person to not have a +1 on your invitation but all your single friends do.
  your son is adorable.
 Rode 4.22 miles and felt great. 
 Ran 6.59 miles and felt great. 
  what about the huge spider? 
 RT  How Much Is a User Worth? - Technology Review  
  If your tweets are always this random & hilarious, I'm curious what is actually going on in your brain.
 RT  Attention Harry Potter fans: Tom Felton, aka Draco Malfoy, is coming to Woodridge and Naperville. 
  it*
  HAHAHA!  It's your turn isn't i?
   I'm staying in my apt.  I'm from Chicago. :)
  Can't tell if you're excited, correcting my grammar or both. =) 
  DO IT!  is already staying at my place. Get  & we'll have a  reunion! 
  Thanks!  Also, we need to arrange a time/place where I get to meet you and Scott.
  I'm not one of them am I? 
  I'm stoked that you're speaking at  and we get to meet!
 I'm speaking at the  in Chicago next month.  Check out the other amazing speakers & join the fun! 
  HenJam,  JealyJam, JJs?  
  Yay! You're tweeting again
  Oh rental cars are a pain.  They want your life and all your money.
  I would like to announce YouTube Team the 2nd:    
  eh, i was a high school teacher.  speaking is nothing.
 Chicago, you are beautiful today.
  Speaking of giraffes, here's some interesting tidbits about giraffes -  
  Translation to American English please.
  DISNEYLAND!
  I don't get how I can get a $200 flight to LA from Chicago but I can't find one less than $250 to DC.
 Google+ statistics  via 
  aww, darn. Enjoy  before me. :-)  no spoilers. 
  balls. You should have seen it twice
  lol, I wish it was beer. Thanks
  I have a tv stand.
  speaking of blogging, 
  and you call yourself a harry potter fan. I thought it comes out at 12 am on the 13th?
  yup, got bought out last month
 Flat tires are no fun
  HOW WAS IT? 
  Morning Kevin!
  Your adventures in the mideast is quite interesting, to say the very least.
  But then what about Foster Beach?  Who goes there?  
 RT  Want to go to We have  tickets! Follow & tag us +  & tell us why you want to go. Yup that easy.
  It's probably already uploaded. :)
 RT  If you are attending VIDCON & got email -YES I am doing an episode of Buck Factor LIVE on Main Stage & am looking for ...
  T-Rex tea infuser - 
  Looks like we'll be speaking together at the  Summit in Chicago.
  I approve of 
  Seattle  is notihng like Chicago  :)
 For al the LOTR & the Hobbit fans, a production vlog of the Hobbit: 
  If you haven't seen this yet, prepare yourself for some awesomeness:   
  Quigley does well with guests, just not kids.  Sad cuz he's spending the night at the vet.  Gotta make sure he pees again.
 Chianti anyone? 
  YUP!
  LOL.  I'm jealous that Lucy loves your vet.  Mine was ready to jump back into the carrier at any moment.
 Someone doesn't like the vet. 
  Or an interstate!
  have a fun time in Oregon.  Yay for weddings and cooler weather.
 RT   Atlantis' mission has been been extended by one day. Landing is now July 21 at 5:56 amET.
  yeah, hence my shock & confusion for a second there.
  ah, there's something else that is called the "silver bullet" that i was confusing it with. don't ask how i know. 
  is it what i think it is?
  umm, what?
  jacket
 RT  Check out all these Awesome Youtubers I met in Chicago's  last Thusday  RT if your in this vi ...
  That storm this morning was insane!  I waited until it passed before I dared to venture into work.
  Depends on the weather & if I'm offsite or not.
  I walk around when I have to deal w/ users, have lunch, talk to others or hide from the boss.
  Noted!  :)
  Unlike your sesame balls, mine were sweaty as hell.
  More walking than running. So hot and humid at 11PM that it was hard to breathe.
  Yes I did.
 Ran 4.16 miles and felt blah. 
  Don't forget ellipses . . . cc 
  that's odd
  But that's the beauty of G+, you're not required to add them.
  If you're not drunk or hungover, you can totally go for a run.
 Anyone want to do a late night run?  
  are you jealous that  & held hands briefly during our hello/goodbyes? cc   
 RT  If/when robot wives become available, im gonna buy a fat one who isnt really into me. Ya know, so it'll feel more like my cur ...
  have a great time at 
  50s or above should be short sleeves. Your sweat and body heat would keep you warm
 RT  Any current or former teachers in Korea. I like to interview you about your experiences with recruiters. Interested? Send  ...
 Spotted in Chinatown: Angry Birds plush, pok-e-balls, domo, hello kitty, fat pikachu & generic mario.
 RT  Total lifetime cost of space shuttle program was $196 billion. Seems like a pretty good deal, when AIG bailout alone c ...
         anyone here? What is the res under?
  I live in Uptown. Pretty much 6 miles dead north.
  oh sweet!  that's 3 blocks from work for me.  i work by the water tower
  We could hit the West Town burger/street fest later if you want
  Sure.  I'm going to a Dim Sum tweetup in Chinatown at 1.  Otherwise, I'm free in the evening.  Did you still need a place to crash?
  oh pulled pork is delicious!!!
         Yup. Anyone need a ride?
   waiting for it to cool off a little more before my evening run.
  Score!  Now that's the kind of date I'm in for
   Good morning you two!
  D22 & D24
  White cables to switch is a no-no right?
 My thoughts exactly on bike helmets. RT   Ya they make u. Damn them & their nerdy safety 
  yeah...i don't wear helmets
  Do you still need my bike?
  and? and?
  dare I ask how?
  it's okay
 Google+ took the place of the Facebook app on my phone. It's not because I prefer G+, but more of how much I dislike the Fb app.
  there is no partner branding. The thread on G+ really shows how much the partners dislike it
     try it and tell new what you think.
 RT  Google+ is now open to anyone with a Google account.  and sign up! 
  is great for tying ties. 
  It's just another social network. But I do like that I can properly filter ppl. Also, I'm not required to follow back
  I am & been doing so.  I'm wondering if  has a Google+ account.
  Are you on Google+?   is taking feedback of  right now on there.
 RT  "NSFW" is really just shorthand for "awesome."
 RT  US Tweeps: Today Only! Rent Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows-Part 1 for 99c.  
  That's a good point.  I'm guessing not everything transfered over. Videos in my sub box today have their descriptions  
  Neither.  My closest guess is when the last comment was place.   
  Look at how it changes from uploaded to updated. Can't figure out what "updated" means:  
  DUDE!  That's nothing.  That's what I get up until noon!
  Agreed. Love  but it's lacking partner branding options. At least you can properly highlight different playlists
   This changes how channel designs look.
  Your questions about playlists yesterday are answered.  Check out 
  LOVE the video view design. Hate that the default res is 360 & video size always shrinks after comment/likes. 
  Not really.  It's the top banner that we have over normal channels. 
  For me, it's the lack of branding for partners. 
  I understand why women like the outfits there, but how functional is it? 
  btw, bummed that i couldn't bring you along to the Chicago Parnter meetup yesterday
 [Blogged]  A Birthday Wish - 
  Hahaha!  Thanks Jenn!
 RT  Happy birthday  IOU whatever age you are now number of back-hands across the face
  You're going to work at 1 am?
  Have you seen  DON'TS for YouTube videos? 
 RT  Tip to YouTube content creators: Don't make your intros 30 seconds long. You're killin' me.
  One of your UofI buddies blog stalk me.  Feel special.  I do.
 Twitter, it's been a blast.  I'll see you all again in LA shortly.
  I can't wait to see the selection. And if I see my face, I'm either going to piss in my pants or yell, "STEVE HOLT!" 
 RT  There must be a ton of fiveawesomegirls fans in Vegas-- dice everywhere! :-p
  I like grocery shopping.  All the pretty colors in produce!
  wait, what do you need at the store?  i might need something.  where are you going?
  They estimate a 15 min early arrival
  I will be seeing you in an hour!
   *face palm*
   tweet, starred.
  :'(
  umm, you need to draw pictures of that now.  
  LOL!  would try to spill the coffee while I'd try to roll the donut
  In Chicago?  YEAH!  WHY DIDN'T YOU!?!?!
