 don't use "log in" as a user story.  No user wants to log in; you're making them do that.  What do they really want to do?
 heard the new State Fair thing is deep fried Kool Aid. Not as good as deep fried chicken noodle soup on a stick. Maybe next year. 
 RT  This is Why Your Newspaper is Dying 
  is your site down?
 wow - where have *I* been?  Great pictures by Rachel Barbash  on 
 It's the middle of Summer - why are these tomatoes SO awful? 
 OK, not that it's a cultural tragedy, but srsly, two people near me have never heard of Rick James.
  you could look back on some old Jerry Springer tapes ...
  will the slides from today's webinar be available later?  Or at least the relevant lists? tx
  . Thanks! I didn't see that.  I gotta go look...
  I'm following you anyway. :)
  I ditched firefox long ago... it was always hanging. Can't think of any major complaints about Chrome.
 Product Usablity: New elevators should go faster if button was pushed a lot. Easy to do & most users expect it. (See Kano model)
 Speed trap wb n 270. Slowdowns and accidents soon to follow
 Just saw about twelve jaguars go down high street in dublin. Whats up?
  Thanks! I'll check them out - (couldn't be any worse..!)
 CBUS: Who is your ISP? Any recommendations for me? 
  Oh - I thought someone had thrown it in YOUR backyard! From a train, better w/o pics. Picture=stealing soul of the trip. :)
  pics!
  kudos to Ford for being first in.. Cool for them, respect, etc... If 50 more join today though .. there goes the neighborhood.
  - totally, any time... This week sucks, but next few are pretty open ...
    - haha, I just came inside, muttering "F* rednecks.  Stop it."
  - interested in your thoughts on this too ... 
  - interested in your thoughts on this... 
  it will be the Best Map Yet
   - this may interest you then ..  
  we got a door hanger from ODOT about it, but I think I tossed it.. I think they said through September, at least. :(
 Kudos also to  for reaching out to help via twitter.
  just looking for a short timeslot rather than all afternoon. Thanks for helping!
  appointment window too wide. Already took time off & TWC didn't take Equip with them when they came. Now being billed for it.
  -WOW. I asked TWColumbus if they could be flexible, after their own mistake. "No, we cannot be flexible." 
 RT  How lovely. Brian Eno's BBC Sessions from 1974, focusing on his pop stuff [MP3]: 
   - agree, as crass as it sounds.
 since I stopped watching TV and caring about "news" I have no idea what gossip I'm missing today.  Sounds dreadful.
  I have to confess to scheduling 50% of em.. 
 I hate when people complain about too many meetings.  but seriously, I haven't gotten anything done in like 3 days.
 If you're driving to the clintonville fireworks and looking for a place to park, the cville women's club has parking.  for 
  fairly large co, but a nonprofit which prob'ly makes a diff. She oversees PR & likes - 100% PR might be pretty rough though
  My wife does that (part of her job) - spends lots of her time correcting BS & misconceptions. Depends on the company I think.
 aw - RIP, Jane Scott.    A legend, a treasure.
  just gonna say that
 I have an extra ticket for     Not sure when I'm getting there though .
 Share G+ to FB & Twitter (Chrome extension). Needs patches, contribute. 
  Thanks for the mention... !
 RT  Come to "Will Park For Food" Monday, July 4 from 3:00 pm to 9:00 pm. Need a place to park for the 4th of July...  ...
  yes, totally. !  a bow to your fortitude!
  this reminded me of you ;)  "Why Blogs for Women Are Bad for Women" by    via 
 RT  Exactly RT:   
 Regaining supreme being title?  A swarm of jellyfish has forced the shut down of a nuclear power plant in Scotland: 
  heehee. fax machine, indeed.  (Nice post - thank you.)
 why we should care about WalMart:   via 
  you've got a thing or two to learn about perpetuating panic!  Get on board.
 Smiled & nodded at a guy who always returns stone face.  Must remember next time, so I don't try to be human toward him again.
  I like the idea, but why does everything look so OSU Buckeyes?
 uh-huh.  when life hands you lemons, make lemonade.  When life hands you bullshit, ....?
 hey software vendors - your demos suck. Don't show me how they work. Show me user stories of an executive, not of a tool administrator.
 RT  25 awesome tidbits from Patti Smith... 'What matters is the work'... 
 RT  BREAKING: Jay Jordan, President and CEO of OCLC is retiring June 30, 2012. Announced today at  11
 comfest - look for me
 Time for a pit-stop, Andretti.
 RT  "Columbus police is conducting a sobriety checkpoint on North High Street, south of Olentangy Street, in Clintonville. 9 ...
 Surreal - listening to the Raincoats (no one's little girl) as I watched/heard this video:   
 Innovation: A better way of reaching/improving the result.  Creativity: Making something where there was nothing.   keep em straight.
  how'd that go?  Sometimes staff are gracious and more chatty. Sometimes they treat you like a pariah.
 looking for app that allows email contributions (if you know the address) and text contrbs without registering. Shows stream of all inputs ?
  I'll take that kind of patron abuse (lol) from a diner! But I expect more from a place with French-sounding dishes! :)
 ..and why did that waitress bring me black coffee with no cream or sugar, but she brought me a spoon?
 Why do restaurants keep shrimp tails on? Am I sposed to eat them? Use them to eat w/my hands? 
 in one hour: RT  Infopeople webinar Preventing Staff Burnout    
  daily, personal greetings.
  haha - are we done talking about it yet?  :)
 RT  Big media companies could learn a lot from the New York Public Library   
 North 270 messed up both ways
 Diesel plus rain equals mcvitties
 help!  what is a cloud-app that would use point of sale receipt printing? (on little POS printers)
  looks great!
 Lots of cops in front of turkey hill in clintonville.
 RT  Just added to  bill 7/1 Psandwich along with Mike Rep & Tommy Jay 
 I'm convinced/bothered that people would rather listen & agree with something they already know than hear & challenge something truly new.
  yes,seconded.  Great place to live, with some wtf neighbors..  (maybe I'm one of them..)  
 Omghomewifedogsdrinkpatiomusic
   -more annoying is that it's the cOc, not the cAc that should be planning/attracting businesses.
 listening via Google Music.. iClod so what.
 Well,i must say that  has done an incredible job responding to my delivery issue. Kudos and thanks!
 Iceland crowd sources new constitution.. 
 rt  "if you're not ashamed of your first release, you've released too late" - Reid Hoffman, Linkedin"  ..awesome
 FU FU FU FU FU FU FU Hurry up! 
 hmmm - i was tempted to accept a linkedin request from "Shamako Noble, Executive Director at Hip Hop Congress" just out of curiosity. ..nah.
 dear  - instead of trying to deliver once today and again tomorrow, try two (likely) times the same day.You just missed me- again
 Be confident but self-effacing? RT  Resist the temptation to be defensive. - turns off your allies and fires up your foes.
 RT  RT   because stuff is online, wait, WebMD is online 
 Parents may find Samuel L's reading of Go the F*ck to Sleep useful:   (via 
 my new phone has moderny  sounding notifications.. I hate that.  It's not 1976, anticipating 2006. That was 35 years ago, dig?
 Or what? ->RT  House Speaker Boehner, in letter to president, demands legal grounds for Libya mission - Reuters via 
 Thriving on chaos?  You're the only one.  
 We do something because "that's the process" implies that if it weren't the process, we wouldn't do it.  Explain the purpose, not the rule.
 RT  Foodfight "Eat Out To Fight Hunger—Tuesday, June 21
  I was kinda thinkin that they teach you on the third day of architecture school.  
 any agile coaches / project managers out there looking for a job? (cbus)   me for more info ...
  and by hors, I mean hours... but if they were French, hors would be right. :)
  - not sure what their hors are, but I'm thinking about finding them this week (maybe even a lunch run.)
 RT  Lovely .. visitor created collections at Tate   via George Oates at futurecast.    <--
 big dilemma of the morning: whether "pertinent" is a better choice than "relevant".  hmm, not really, this time.
  they do have shelf lives though.. it's obsolete to me...
 What's the paste tense of ipod? 
 RT  The mysterious curator of the 500+ MP3s History of Electroacoustic Music collection on Ubu tells his story: 
 At haiku.. music I think is some 2004 version of sigmund & the seamonsters. Crofty.
  Sprinkler basketball is in next olympics.
 ... instead of trying to be better than someone else, try being better than you are now.
 'if you're competing with others, no one wants to help you. if you complete with yourself, everyone wants to help you' - 
 someone asked last night was Columbus was all about... I said, "You can do whatever you want - long as you're cool about it." 
  Yerba Buena Truck - seek it out!
 25% off at Cols Arch Salvage Sat-Sat ...  
 This is so easy to fix:  RT  Airplane Seat Reclining: A Good Real-World Altruism Test? 
  I tried & failed .. but I'm told that reading children's books is a good method..!
 George Needham on the future of reading       
 whatever 'the future' is (tablets,econtent,TV) it's temporary & at best just a technoloigy/tool.  Don't lose sight of your true vision /why.
 "Don't take information for granted, just because it's free." - Malcolm McLaren 
 RT  "What are you willing to do die for? Because you're doing that right now?"
 RT  Grinderman: live on WFMU's coverage of Primavera Sound (3 song excerpt so listen N*O*W!)   -- 
 Ugh tweet with awful misspelling keeps getting RTed at conference. 
  Knowledge leader, for sure. Same role? Could be. Functions related, but have very different purpose. Huh. Good discussion topic.
 I keep thinking that's Alan Arkin up there. 
 Thought for the day..  RT  Today at  :Deming: best practices are at best worthless, at worst dangerous.
 Discussions on customer engagement & quality should differentiate btwn software to support the biz & software as products 
  YOU should be presenting! (Still in taiwan?)
 Also, Quality is about predictability / repeatability.. not just defects & code. 
  it IS a legit method.. but it should be ingrained DNA, a body of knowledge. Not a package.
 Speaker describing 6 most important outcomes to a business.  Finance isn't one of them. Hmmm. 
 Nothing new about essential communication.
 Which are you more tired of? "Social Media" "agile" or "traditional waterfall"? Stop saying those things.
 RT  Proud to be a sponsor!  Come out & support CRC on MemorialDay w/ our 3rd annual 5k Run/Walk. Only $25 in advance. f ...
 Have you ever been to a really great library?   (And did you know just how great it was?)
 RT  Funny Or Die presents 'Fight Club Told Through Facebook' - 
  - missed cbusr last week/ meant to catch you there.. meet next week maybe?
 So if I hang out on Midway Island & row across prime meridian at exactly 23:59:59 on 5/21, can I arrive a day late 
  Russia & New Zealand.   If you go to the North Pole, you can outrun it for 23 hours.
  ... and fighting a kitten
 I'm at o'reilley's .. if you ever wondered abt my taste in beer or what've ya.
  be careful with that - he's going to fire all of the other pets.  Meeow-ah.
 yay? 
 Plasma light show in the privacy of your own microwave: 
  - how about Bob's Bar..   (High St, near Morse)
  sure - maybe Thursday?
 RT (someone - sorry I forget who) on search, discovery & filter bubbles .. TED.com 
 Oh, flaming lips, your doug henning act better start soon. 
 Baby dee
 Black swans = blue aeroplanes + home & garden  Like
 Hangin with warren taylor, drinking chocolate milk. 
 George jones reminding me of Hank Hill:"songs, about falling in love or burning down georgia"
 I am.  Who else?  RT  Anyone going down to Nelsonville Music Fest this weekend??
 People who self-describe as motormouths either 1)are insecure about something or 2)should shut up. 
  yeah - I wanted to steer it to what people are probably really concerned about before it became a morality debate.
 RT  huge crowd for family storytime this afternoon. 60+ awesome!
 worst research ever:   hahahahaha - dolts.
 RT  - A Hustler Hollywood Store is coming soon to Old North Columbus / Clintonville: 
 RT  OK, Google has really outdone itself with the logo cartoon:   Now it dances! Happy B-Day Martha Graham!
 Human Service Chamber unveils Give Direct Central Ohio website for donating to Central Ohio Charities: 
 Cops/speedtraps all over today. Oh hwy patrol..
 I need a bike wheel - any condition, as long as the hub turns freely.  Where are there always abandoned bikes?
 headin to Mozart's to support   Austrian food, but uh .. very clever with maracas.
 RT  It's not too late to join us at Mozart's at 6pm tonight- come try the new ice cream that will soon be available to... http:/ ...
 Commercial for AT&T wireless compares themselves to an invasive plant. Great.
 RT  We're proud sponsors of Ring around the Roses 5K walk/run.   Sign up today!! 
  is there a shortage of places to build affordable housing in cbus?
  dumb old joke - 'tooth hurt(y)' lol, oh my sides. (if you have to explain it ...)
  yeah, I know - I just wanted to make a joke about 2:30.  (And I learned nothing from your video!)
  You should do a media event about it - at 2:30, of course.
  hey, that's a good article. Makes me feel good about working here too!  Thanks for posting.
 Times New Viking tickets (Wex/mershon) - now on sale..!
 Bungalow Jazz this Saturday, FYI.. 
 Mr President/Dems - today is a day to congratulate. Tomorrow a good day to kick some ass on policy.
 Did you know? Anand & Doris Saha of Mozarts Cafe have raised > $167,000 for a cake today to say thanks!)  
   I said it to our help desk guy, but I said Bobby Sherman- I don't think he knew what that meant. 
 Password recovery question; 'whats your favorite color?'  Who am I David Cassidy?
 Playing behind the beat on a slow tempo piano song is irritating me. 
  -- oops, that reply from CRC was actually from me.  I will create then next nonprofit social media scandal, eventually.
 OK, Donald Trump - you can go back to your reality show & hair now.  
  - I used these guys a few (10) years ago..  Paint still sticking to the house!  
 FM - Nick Cave, new feed  
 RT  Former Miami University President Shriver dies 
   uh, the klassy side.
  throws a great party.  Where are you? 
  There's a fine line between this and Freakjet.
 not too early in the day, but still have too much to do - I'm craving a Two-Hearted right now.  A lot.
 RT  Robert Darnton, professor and university librarian at Harvard: 5 Myths About the 'Information Age' (The Chronicle)  ...
  - thanks for the intro and the jumpstart ...!
  .. and the book was Citizen Marketers  by Ben McConnell  (A few years old, may be out of date already?)
  - it's called 13 Most Beautiful .. it's streaming: 
 PSA - stepping through all 21 points of your 21 point service does not equal good service. Getting me on my way is.
 Kasich wants to know how to make Ohio "cool".   The jokes write themselves.
 RT  Photo: Get your guitar restrung for bringing in canned food! Music-Go-Round, this Saturday. 
 just added to my netflix queue using   nice.
 looking at google street view of Berlin.  Privacy laws must be incredibly tight. I guess I can understand some paranoia.
  just like Harrisburg!?
  turns out, I'm not feeling well either! :( not as bad as you, I bet.  Sorry - I hope someone takes it off your hands ..  Thanks!
  it's cool, but it reminds me of Eddie Murphy talking about the great contributions of white people.  Latex Paint!
  hate to be opportunistic, but if you're looking to sell your ticket, lmk. Hope you're feeling well enough to go, really. :)
  why do I look. why why why.
 I'm not listening.... - Not listening to Donald Trump, Sarah Palin, Glenn Beck, Michelle Bachman, Charlie... 
   IF you use it, you have luxurious hair!
 rec'd a solicitation from my high school to fund a new stadium & "make the dream come true." Sorry, my dream is more academic.
 Trickle-down economics may be a chimera, but trickle-down behaviorism is very real.    via 
 RT  Clinic - Ladies Night Sampler by CLINICVOOT via  
  uh.huh.  Always a fight Map Ref & Mannequin.  Thanks for the link.
 I just signed-off an email, trying to type "Thanks" but instead typing "Tjams".  Awesome. (I guess.)
  - although gangster-run transfat speakeasies might give CLE that charm that could revive the city.
  like that's CLE's big problem right now.
 what is that quintessential elementary school band orchestra song that's in every show/movie? - plodding, off-key, really nerve-grating.
 Epsilon - I'm wondering if the real spam problem here is all of the notifications of the breach.  
 RT  RT  Try not to become a man of success but a man of value. - Albert Einstein
  I dunno - I thought the spam was kind of a nice offer.  ;)
 my tea cup is emitting a high-pitched tone.  I hope it isn't about to explode.
  and Montgomery Inn
  looking at wefi.com - the only one I see is Matt the MIllers on Avery Rd
 on-time = late when you don't like waiting.
  um, just drinking a lot of product doesn't put you in line for the job. (If so, then get in line.)
 Gesture-based searching sure to overtake social media as Web 3.0.evolves:  
 I endorse: RT  If anyone is looking for a technical agile coach on the cheap, my next month just freed up.
 working on a  "the world according to me" manifesto.  I expect full compliance.
 Video: Happy Birthday to the late D.Boon 
 RT  happy bday for d. boon, tonight's gig for d. boon for tonight - big love for d. boon from watt
 RT  Is higher education really necessary? Americas anti-college backlash: 
 don't mind me just filling in for all the sentences i just read with mismatched nouns/verbs. " to be to be to be to be to be to be to be "
 RT  Y'know how every fall we get a couple 75 degree days in Nov and everybody's like, "WTF? It's Nov!" This is the opposite ...
 Video: testing tumblr feed. on a snowy, scheissy day 
 Never bet real money on good driving in Dublin.
 RT  Such a cool resume. It landed its owner a job at Huffington Post. 
  - I tried to make my way over, but there was a line to see you! Maybe next week? Dm ya later
 I will buy a beer for the first (new to me)  person who mentions this tweet. That's a $2 value! (plus tip.) Looking forward to meeting
  .. or a brass band on a moving train.  That would be fun!  (Hope you're doing OK ...)
 call a meeting with no agenda and then fail to show up after 15 minutes? Grr. Good luck rescheduling.
 RT  <3 Miami U's AR shelf reading app! vid: 
 ( if you follow me first, you don't have to send me a DM "thanks for following" message when I follow you back. )
 ugh - brain is figuratively mush on fire.  literally, swimming in fluid!  ew!
  That comic reminds me of this Onion: please give a dollar to prove you don't hate crippled children. 
 Yiiy, it's poolhall davison over there.
 This is actually calming me and helping me focus, without the hallucinogens: 
 Today just feels like wet socks.
 Laptop decides to shut down as I'm typing. Welcome to windows 7!
 Heading up to CLE for a show - (I) wish me luck.
 hail, mother nature.
 CLE museum of art - your website for buying stuff is terrible.
 RT  Should you give money to homeless people? The economics of panhandling:  via 
 ugh - getting laptop repaired today - using a temp machine on slow public network.  ugh ugh ugh.
 calls out for a RT: via   - 
 RT  Great post by  - The Role of the Project Manager in an Agile Environment  
 Clintonville Rotary was pleased to have  speak this morning!   Resiliency, Change & Choices.
 going home to get some things done & not be out, yet again (with amateurs no less) - but WILL drink a guinness or two.
  I want you to lawyer for me some day. You and your highlighter and post-its.
 RT  RT  SXSW 2011: The Year of the Librarian - The Atlantic  via 
 oops.  I'm wearing orange today.  no offense. unless you're offended that this dumb "holiday" didn't even cross my mind when I got dressed.
  - you should expect that a guy who's impressed by a "chick that likes beer" would like crappy beer.
 RT  In absence of clearly defined goals, we become strangely loyal to performing daily acts of trivia.
 My attitude today:read an email "if you're like me..." - If I'm like you, I care about your email. Delete* (as you eagerly read this tweet)
 RT  The good news is hopeful doesn't mean dumb. The bad news is cynical doesn't mean smart.
 RT  Library funding under Kasich's plan drops by 5% each year for a total cut of $168 million over both years.  ...
 RT  It's Job Help Week  your library! 
 RT  The Role of the Project Manager in an Agile Environment by   
  ok - got it!  All hooked up now... Thanks!!
  Cool!  I'm trying to register, but TD doesn't like my email domain - can't regstr.?
 RT  MI R's create "financial martial law"; appointees to replace elected local officials  < Desperehensible
  not that it's your problem to solve, but you *could* set up a tumblr feed that you can FW emails to.(but not your duty. :) )
 I just scheduled the OCLC Mashathon on the TechLife Columbus Meetup! You should come! 
  you could market as 'all the fun of *Ppl of Walmart*, without having to go to fcking walmart'
  huh.  Let me see if I can find the right developer(s) so we can get past it ... I'll get back to ya
  any time .. though I'm no expert, I could grab someone smart!
  thanks for sharing that article...
  cool!  Can't wait to see what you're doing....
 RT  WorldCat Mashathon U.S. registration now open for April 7-8 in 3 loc's: Washington, DC, Columbus, OH, San Mateo, CA  ...
  - I've played with Nuke & thought it was lousy, but maybe better than  . Drupal, easy to support.
  video unavailable!
   I just saw this one today.     One of my new favorites!
 Dear laptop, no, I don't want you to do ANYTHING unless I tell you to.  You ol' piece of ...
    (not kidding)
 RT  Know any .NET developers looking for work in Columbus? Asking for  Please retweet.
 "I live within walking distance of everything I need. Why do I need a car?" >"It gets great mileage."  Benefit != Purpose.
  Get in line!
 wow, I can barely form a sentence.
 Spent 30 minutes discussion a  reasonably good solution for which there is no problem. 
 I have tator tot grease all over my phone, for some reason.
 RT  Dear Google: Why were you collecting kids' Social Security numbers? Sincerely, everyone: 
 RT  If you care about Planned Parenthood, really care, then you have to see this response in Congress by Jackie Speier http ...
 Why are people jerks?  
 can someone point me to simple instructions for updating Drupal core. Some that aren't utter shite, kthanks.
 RT  Let's try to get 1,000 people to "Like" our CRC Facebook page.  We know everyone loves us so just don't forget to... http:// ...
 RT  Be a fly on the wall as  plays requests for  pledge drive: 
 Change is only change until it becomes normal.  
  Yes..     "Want to know which Borders stores are closing? Look here:  " via 
  ah! had forgotten about those accessibility apps!  Thanks!
 I'm looking for a speech to text application.  ..Or a way to send audio straight to google voice.  What works (for free)?
  yes! I'd love to!  I know, it's been too long.  I'll make a note. This week or next, maybe?
  thanks.  I'm liking some of the info you're sending out these days. !
  - by any chance, can you send me that article full text?  thanks for the link!
  disgusting or not, those are stupid.  Why would you?
 "A good idea needs curation: coordination timing communication care & feeding, iteration"  via  (thanks!)
 RT  "cities thrive because they host quality conversations, not because they have new bldings and convntion cntrs"  ...
  - so?  what is it?  I'm not signing up.
 All Icelandic literature to go online.   via 
 RT  Hey look! Transportation is one of the 12 Industries Growing in the US:  Good thing Ohio isn't adding ...
 (No one here, ofc)
 Tired of people who are "smart but hard to work with." If you aren't the latter, the former don't count.
  OK, I'm in columbus, but this is the Seattle calendar:   Doesn't list the arena acts or magicians.
 what are the odds that I'll read a business article from someone who doesn't know how to spell 'Affecting'? 
 RT  At last! Stop getting the Yellow Pages 
  seconded.
 RT  Happy Groundhog Day! We are open today, Feb. 2. We have heat and electricity, unlike many of our neighbors, so come  ...
  ah, Ike - I wondered why it got better a few years ago - never connected it to Ike. 
  sounds like the grid is slowly going down across clintonville now.. we're still live, but the odds aren't good. ;)
  winding up the victrola spring, just in case. :)
 surprising, no power problems in clintonville... hell may be freezing over.
 I mean this is cool:   Google Art Project
 so this is pretty darn cool, if you're into art & stuff...
  congrats... glad to hear it.
  - I was fuming when I heard that this morning. "I want the best people for the job. People who think like I do." ugh.
  cool - thanks for the report..
 sheet of ice out there.  hmmm.  anyone been on a main road yet?
    Was that PeeWee's Big Adventure?
 RT  Full report from OCLC Available: Perceptions of Libraries, 2010: Context and Community 
 Chase card services FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL .. just sayin'
 A>Gosh it's pretty out there. B>As long as you don't have to DRIVE in it! A>It's not the snow, it's the OTHER drivers! B>Lol A>Lol 
 If the jesus & mary chain were playing at the beerfest, the acoustics wpould be fine. But they aren't.. so this music sucks.
 Beer festival.
 No one cares about what you do until they care about why you do it.  Sell your purpose, not your product.
 RT  Rich people's libraries as design accents. A client who actually wanted to read the books touted as special. :-(  http:/ ...
 RT  RT  Towards a National Transition Plan for Libraries 
  Mick Karn, bassist in band Japan, dies aged 52 
   using Tumblr for  weekly updates.  Linked to twitter & embedded in webpage.  
 RT  New Edition Of 'Huckleberry Finn' Will Eliminate Offensive Words 
 Hey library geeks - see how library usage has changed (INCREASED) due to the economy.  .. 
 Do you design systems with login/password prompts?  Don't ask me my "Favorite" anything.  Don't have any favorites. Can't remember em.
   rightbackatcha !! Happy New year..
 spending the rest of 2010: Tea overlooking ravine, Dinner at Sage, Party at plastic palace. All days should be so great.
 RT  Kodachrome is dead. Long live Kodachrome [Photos]:  via 
 RT  Our Top Ten Articles of 2010 
  wow, that's dire!
   Les Primitifs du Futur
 At press grill .. merxyams & happy birthday kate.
  Columbus library has access to full text journal articles here:
  agreed.  That MBV cover was weak.
 RT  RT  Take Cover! My Bloody Valentine Vs. Wire: When is a cover song better than the original?   ...
 Easy to do, easy to forget to do:    ask WHY  (and why again ...) 
 11 yr old niece just told me the definition of limner.  Of all things. ;)
  - dopes.
 RT  In case you missed it: The 14 Biggest Technology Stories of 2010:  
 RT  CRC fundraiser at the Crest Tavern this Friday night from 6pm to 10pm! Bring 3 cans of food or $3 to get in. Come... http:// ...
 I have an extra seat for  Mozart's event this Thursday.   DM if you want to go for free. :)
 Surprise Surprise Surprise ... Miracle Legion digital reissue, finally. 
 RT  think it is COLD today? think of the homeless. Perhaps you will support the Community Shelter Board?  ...
 RT  “ The  Columbus Speaker list is out. See who made the cut! Congrats ”
 Twitter on phone = dead battery allada time.  Bye tweetcaster.
 I wish bands that kinda sound like the partridge family would just do it full-on.
 I'm at Outland
 I caused Dean Wareham to drop his popcorn tonight.
 Today is matching day  - starting at 2pm.    A good day to donate.
 srlsy?  Amazon recommends the soundtrack to Glee?  I thought you knew me better than that.
 you know, when you're trying to ask me for a favor, I'd rather not have to drag the information out of you. 
 Very cool use of HTML5 (though a bit primitive)   Watch it in a Chrome browser.  (Arcade Fire video)
  crap.  I am square.  (But going to see Dean & Britta doing Galaxie 500 that night...)
  Thanks!  That's a healthy list for me to investigate.  Can't listen to Grand Funk forever, you know..? ;)
   - I was talking with someone yesterday about (oh, who cares.. blah) anyway, suggest to me some new listening stuff.
 What Killed Waterfall Could Kill Agile:  or, why a project manager should not be a scrum master.  via 
  - Happy Birthday !
 RT  Help the hungry for Thanksgiving.  needs turkeys, juice, gravy, sweet potatoes, canned fruit/veg & potatoes TOMOR ...
  - oh please a tour too.  I missed the last one & will miss grinderman tour. grrr...
  I didn't click the link, but I hope that's Mark Bolan & not Robert Palmer ..
 don't forget Clintonville meetup at the Crest this evening..    6pm ...
 RT  made 60 T-gvng boxes for Monday. Need empty boxes,Canned Yams,Gravy,Muffin/cornbread Mix,Stuffing...to distr. 100 more on Tu ...
 Someone should tell the band that the team is nowhere near here and is not getting stoked.
 RT  Download a free 3-track EP of unreleased material from the Guardian website now - Follow this link:...  ...
 Cool mobile.google.docs  I also like the way the demo shows the battery almost dead!
 Don Knotts Film Festival on TCM this evening...
  try this:  
 Blue Aeroplanes now proving that the soprano sax does not have to sound KennyG weak or Sting self-indulgent.
  I'm tempted too! I think someone claimed all of the granite from the front facade.
 I don't care what time it is as you leave your voicemail. (And don't leave me voicemail.)
  I got the CD -disappointed in the use of vocoder on I'll Keep it With Mine. Is DVD live/different?
  - Yeah!  I saw them there last year too (or whenever it was.)  So good I thought I'd go again..!
 just bought tickets for Dean & Britta in Indy & Chicago - Warhol's screen tests & Galaxie 500 sets. 
  - you have a great service.  Too bad I have to use a phone to start using it.
 oh - THIS Friday's meetup for  is at Patrick J's (not the crest).  And I won't be there. Still, you should go!  ;)
 Clintonville meetup at Crest Tavern - Nov 22.   Benefits   (There's one this friday too.)
 I just scheduled a Meetup for TechLife Columbus. You should come! 
 RT  It'd be cool if, as the mayor of Starbucks, I could control the music playlist with an iTunes-like dj interface.
 RT  If a mother is literate, a child is 50% more likely to survive past age 5  PLZ RT
 Good Communication is the answer for everything and so is the answer for nothing. Be original.
 Colin powell talking to PMI about leadership... (make it good, General)
 Simple but true: *create* short term wins. Set teams up to succeed often.
 Decent speaker, not engaging me. Start keynote w/a question or something to draw me in. Don't start w/research. !
 RT  In case you missed: Videos from 10/22 are live! Thanks  for post-prod speedy work! www.tedxcolumbus.com ...
 RT  Yo La Tengo, 2011 US Dates, tickets on sale Friday   YLT 
 whether you're a gungho voter or fed-up with the candidates you can still support your local library levy. Stewards of independent learning.
  Thanks for the info on Festival of Roses .. Looking into possible community fests that can also raise funds for C'ville projects.
 Do you know of any Columbus festivals that are no longer happening or that need a funder to keep alive?   LMK, please.
  "It's written in ink."  .. gave me a little pause.. :)
 worst parts abt returning frm vacation:1)forget simple routines like carrying a pen, 2)Still thinking I can walk down the street for gelato.
 PSA - password hints asking "what is your favorite .." are stupid.  Who am I, Davey Jones?
 home, but still on vacation.. doing nothing today. yay for me.
 Stuck in aeroporte. Sat party looking doubtful. :(
