 Saw two Audi R8s on the drive home. Too much money in suburbia.
 Yes please RT  Huge fan of this - Facebook Staff Get Tech Vending Machines 
 RT  Anyone else feel like Lion makes your computer slow down after a few days? I'm restarting a lot lately.
  Thanks for the quick reply!
 Question: What is the best FREE timesheet app on a Mac?
 RT  the appalling state of news website design: 
 RT  Google+ for Business is on the Way  via   
 Pet peeve: people using handicap button to open door when they're not handicapped  
 Blow a whistle today for   as he starts his battle against cancer
 Let me get this straight: The White House wants you to contact your local rep? Is that what they call hyper-personalization?
 Netflix Integrating Facebook, But Not In U.S. (Yet) Canada among first countries to try  
  Yes Dad!
 Late night drinking tea & crunching the ppt. Makes me want to smoke again.
  oh they will.
 The Szabo Pickles will be ready in 5 days 
 Cool off with Leisure Dive 
   Don't eat the fish .
 Got my official superpower today: Prehensile Hair. Just call me Medusa Man.
 Using cash and not credit cards to buy groceries leads to lower consumption of junk food, according to US researchers. 
 Electrolux Design Lab Finalists: The Top 8 Ideas for Consumer Products    
  Are you eating Mr Sub again?
  Bought it for my 6 yr old; he loves it!
 Espresso Theme Framework and ThemeBrewers 
  *Anything* with Santigold is Golden. Period.
  Learned this word just yesterday via  "Can 8 hugs a day make us happier?"
 QR Codes and Tombstones: Disruptive Business Idea or Just Bad Taste? 
 Finishing touches on Jack's cake 
 How Google+ Makes Social Email Marketing Even More Important 
 Taking our little injured friend to Animal Rescue.  
 QR Codes and Tombstones: Inappropriate or Disruptive Business Idea?  
 QR Codes on tombstones? Read about this tribute a man makes for his mom 
  I love that Kenny throws a muffin at him
  You've given "disruptive advertising" a whole new meaning. Everything else pales in comparison. Disclaimer: Huge KP fan
 So, what do you think of Kenny Powers becoming CEO of K Swiss? 
 What Heaven for Sneakerheads looks like 
 Need an InfoGraphic? Visual.ly has a few to share. 
 Need a tactic? Enter your brand name and spin the wheel. Nice. 
 RT  google+ now open to anyone with google account.
 African scientist receives grant to stop the spread of malaria... with smelly socks  
 AWESOME RT  Apple TV Will Get Bluetooth (and Maybe Apps) with iOS 5 [Apple] 
  Wait, didn't you tell  no mo' baby armanos?
 Is there a petition to stop this? RT  The City has requested a commissioned mural be removed 
 Big news for Drupal. RT  Twitter Selects  and  to Power Developer  
 What I learned about Community while on vacation in Algonquin Park. New post  
 At least I don't have to build a fire this AM
 Hello morning gridlock. Nothing like a concrete jungle after a week of vacation.
 My Amazon order came early. Just in time for vacation reading in Algonquin. Thanks for the reco 
 Why Apple gets the most advanced technology before anyone else: Cash. 
 Norte Dame de Bon secours 
 Family vacation has started and we've already made a potty break.
 Building your  network one connection at a time  via  
  Stop the insanity, start the Santogold
 I pretty much like anything with Santogold in it
  Great post! I'd add that the recent usability overhaul has made Tumblr easier to use. Watch the 55+ use for bridge tourneys.
 The Great Toilet Paper Debate Infographic 
 Skype for iPad coming tomorrow!!!  RT  Startup Suicide, Skype for iPad, ShowMe   
 Nice sampling idea from my baker: the more you buy the more samples you get. Sourdough, raisin bran, sundries tomato yum 
 Happy Pride Weekend to Search Marketers Every Where 
  Oh man you gotta tell me how it was
  Thanks Jonah
  Amen to that! Hope your day was as awesome as mine.
 Awesome! RT  How many kids could you have fed for the price of today's lunch?   
 Happy Pride Weekend to Search Marketers Every Where 
 Good Morning Friday. I'm gonna rock you like it's Saturday night.
 Looks solid. RT  Moving from Social Media Monitoring to Social Business Intelligence :: Blog :: Headshift 
 RT  New Post by  Respecting Your Investors and Their Money 
 RT  Congrats to   And Pay With a Tweet For Wining Cannes Cyber Lions  
 RT  Geeks Like to Share, You vs. Oakley, Bulldozer Theme Park     
 Awesome! RT  Those kids on album covers (Nirvana, U2) Where are they now? 
 Kindergarten in Guntramsdorf by G.O.Y.A. 
  Season finale yet?
 Sounds like the announcement at priority crossings says Walk Like a Dog 
 Sad story for such a serious issue: RT  Study: Food allergies more common, more severe among children. 
 Jack's graduation. Proudness settles in as Mom and Grandma cry their eyes out 
 Abruzzo Pizza a la Campfire 
 RT  Want to co-create the next superhero with Stan Lee? Learn how in today's  
  Ha. Could also be their way of getting back at Apple for the Twitter integration in the next OS release.
    Thanks Enrique. We're a very different kind of of Café.
  No kidding. Wonder if they thought tablet computing was fad?
 Facebook Is Finally Doing An iPad App 
 The one good thing from last night's riots in Vancouver: Love. Could it be the next meme? 
 As a Dad and a geek, I totally relate to this post by  RT  See Daddy? Angry Birds ARE Real! 
 RT   OLED Globe, TwitTV, Startup Dorms, Bank 2.0 & Audi Open Innovation   
 Nice to see Canucks fans saluting the Bruins. You stay classy Vancouver.
 Happy for Thomas Kaberle and his first cup
 Emily's school recital  
 Crikees! Dolby Sues RIM Over Patent Infringement, Aims To Halt Sales Of BlackBerry Devices - 
 In response to "Kids Are the Road to Tech Innovation"  Google will let you search by image  
 Some new search features from Google. This one  SORTS your results by subject and relevance 
 RT  Look out, baby! . Somebody feed the lion already!
 Innovation lessons from a vending machine by  
 Loving this YouTube Desperados spot  
 Sleep with your iPhone? Now you can make it cuddly. Wait til Jack sees this. 
 Motorola brings iPad and Android streaming in-house 
 President Obama mentioned the word  nine times in his last State of the Union Address
 Beware of Whole Grain Inflation 
 Charles Barkley Wants To Give Your Startup $25,000 
 Unfortunate news for a great automaker: Nissan Aggravates Customers Attempting to Turn New Leaf: Cars.  
 Jack's New 6 Speed  
 RT  Great comments from  on SEO's waning relevance for certain kinds of bloggers 
 RT  New post by  The Power of Listening: Some of the Most Crucial Elements 
 Everything you need to know about the illustrations on the American Dollar Bill  via 
  form  is up: Google Doodle, Fits.me, Bubble 2.0 and the Telus Skype Deal -   
 A new augmented reality shopping platform for Xbox Kinect will allow users to try on clothes in true 3-D 
 Following up with my response to Toronto's Underpass Park: this is how they do it in NYC    Now that's a park
 By the numbers: The new startup ecosystem 
 Genius idea: Fits.me launches robot to help women size up clothes online 
 Will Toronto's Underpass Park Change The City Forever? Does noise pollution mean anything?
 IBM outs integrated circuit that's made from wafer-size graphene, smaller than a grain of salt 
 RT  Introducing  Something to help us remember a little bit of amazing every day. 
 "A New Way to Engage Passengers" Great read for anyone on the airline industry.  via 
 Wave-powered robots to monitor the oceans 
 Super excited: Starting our new Innovation Initiative tomorrow.
 RT  RT  Collaboration Is Risky.  Now, Get on with It.  (Great post.)
 RT  A New Way to Engage Passengers: An Innovative Approach to Airline Safety. Fresh perspective on Today's Blend  ...
 It's official: Man Cave is now a word in the Oxford Dictionary. I can now rest and watch hockey with academic flare 
 Sorry about the tweet mix ups. Late Sunday QA-ing. All is good at www.kineticcafe.com.
 Emily's dance recital: What we've been prepping for all year. ( Toronto Centre for the Arts) 
  Congrats Colin. Brooklyn, baby!
 Twitter CEO says 80 percent of advertisers renew 
 RT  Half of people claim that their smartphone is their life  implications for marketers!?
 Connected with a friend tonight who I haven't seen in 33 years. We were best friends growing up. God bless the Internet.
  I think intel does their own in-house
 Haters Gonna Hate Circa 1952  
 Museum of Me by Intel does a nice job of displaying your Facebook life 
 RT  The "One Strategy" Myth 
 RT  i can't stop crying while reading this: The Best Obnoxious Responses To Misspellings On Facebook  
 RT  Pls RT 4 tires + many litres of  gas STOLEN from  truck fleet. Pls donate in-kind or $ to replace them. http:/ ...
 RT  The Three Essential Ingredients of Great Collaborations 
 More location-based madness: McDonalds "Pick N' Play" Outdoor Ad ‏ 
  Correction: What you will hear tonight is the sweet sound of the Sedin brothers taming the Bruins and winning Game 1 
 Hello June. How are your goals coming along half way through the year?
 RT  Another first for location-based music and mobility.   (very awesome)
 RT  RT  The 10 ways to Future Proof your Career  (Awesome.)
  Take another photo in 7 days if it's still there and then do a side by side comparison
 Congratulations to my former colleagues in Winnipeg.  Good time ahead! 
 Love, Innovation and a Long Double Espresso: First post up at Kinetic Café  Please leave a comment
 Perhaps the best financial services spot I've ever seen 
 Love, Innovation and a Long Double Espresso: First post up at Kinetic Café 
 RT  Congrats! RT  Welcome to Kinetic Café, our newly launched Innovation Agency (aka 'The Next Great Adventure) ...
  Thanks Kaleem. We're stoked and brewing up a storm!
  Thanks Jonah. Good things brewing for sure.
  That is really, really funny.
 Trent Reznor & Karen O: Immigrant Song Remix 
 We are officially open for innovation: Introducing Kinetic Café www.kineticcafe.com
  Thanks Paul. We're super stoked!
 Today we officially launch Kinetic Café - an innovation agency based in Toronto. Have a look, leave a comment www.kineticcafe.com
 Etsy vs. Urban Outfitters continues with new allegations. Someone please make a movie out of this:  cc 
  Congratulations 
 Adjective of the day: The rug looks like it came from Costco via a large container from China.
 Spot on. RT  MUST Read: social media keeps big business accountable for actions 
 The Lost 1984 Video: Young Steve Jobs introduces the Macintosh 
 Moby Tick 
 New image format WebP (pronounced "weppy") is 39.8% faster than JPEG. But the debate about its maturity is 100% on fire 
 81 year-old Confuses Twitter for Google. What's worse, his son displays the tweets/search terms...  via 
 Under cover TV: RT  fewer young people watched TV on traditional sets this year for 2nd year in row 
 RT  30 Amazingly Creative Examples of Designer Resumes -  cc 
 It took the ... to reach 50 million users 
 RT  "we live in a world where exchange of value is an indicator of success" 
 RT  Lady Gaga spurs innovation wars between Amazon and Apple  
 Susur Lee partners with Kraft Canada? 
 HBO Gets Social With HBO Connect  Content people rejoice
  Sad. I guess it's what journalism has come to.
 The two Apple engineers who created Hype: leaving the cushy confines for startup life 
 RT  RT  How to use how-to videos like Home Depot to bond customers and staff    ...
 The Sedin brothers are the best thing to happen to the NHL this year. Period. 
 RT  Wow: Before and after photos from a corner in Joplin, Mo. 
 Value is Defining Canada’s Consumer Future 
 Wikipedia edits on a random day 
 Spotted: The rare pink and white mallard 
 RIP Macho Man 
 Bye bye Blippy 
 RT  LinkedIn Closes At $94 Per Share, With $8.9 Billion Market Cap 
  We need to leave Ronald alone.
 Are there any brands in Slave Lake, AB that are helping displaced residents? Is anyone helping? 
 RT  This is how they do Parkour in Russia: 
 Move over Google, Netflix is now the King of U.S. Web traffic.  (via 
  Thanks for the recommend
 I'm at Westwood Arena 
 Awesome panorama photo of Wembley Stadium  (hat tip 
   Hey  I have some vintage TLC bootlegs in case you're interested.
 RT  LinkedIn Ups Price Of IPO To $42 To $45 Per Share, Valuation Now Over $4 Billion 
 Bring back the El Camino  This could be your next legacy. 
 RT  Publicis Groupe to acquire Rosetta: congrats to  and rest of the gang!  
 GM will bring the El Camino if they get 100k followers. 
 “There is no such thing as information overload... only bad design" 
 Edward Tufte on Obama's information design: "it's intellectually impoverished"  
 How to Choose a UX Prototyping Tool 
 RT  Why you need a Facebook strategy 
 Present.me is a hybrid Qwiki / Slideshare alternative. Look forward to using it. 
 “Success in life is directly proportional to the number of awkward conversations you’re willing to have.” 
 Designer defined venn diagram 
 The Difference Between Engaged and Engaging 
  That's because Drake's Mom is Jewish
 Friendly Fires "Pala" debuts on Hype. Amazing work.  fires/1/
 How Boredom Can Drive Innovation. Ethnographic by-standing? 
 Earthquake in Spain 
 Step 1 of understanding innovation:  you know you have to remain relevant to your customer or they'll stop being your customer
 Writing my first blog post about the Next Great Adventure. Love where this is going.
 Mobile marketing: stop thinking sales and start thinking experience 
 Noticing more and more video ads for apps that are selling you an experience
 With  and Nick Parish from Contagious ( St Paul's Church Meeting Rooms) 
 I just ousted Michael S. as the mayor of St Paul's Church Meeting Rooms on  
 I'm at Extreme Taste (6c Cumberland Ave, at Yonge Street, Toronto) 
 Chronicle your night out with a new mobile UGC sharing platform from, wait for it, Unilever's Lynx 
 RT  Steve Jobs On The Difference Between A Vice President And A Janitor 
 Why the social web and sports play well together via  
 This place is extreme ( Extreme Taste) 
 “There’s a difference between self-promotion, and sharing what you are passionate about" via  
 Jack White is rocking the devil look for Rome 
 Nice RT  GENIUS: MTV Brazil - History of Rock from Kiss to Deal w/Devil to Slash to Ozzy...  
 Canadian Tire to buy Forzani Group for $798.5 million 
 21 principles for innovating in the real world from IDEO’s Diego Rodriguez 
 Does Your Content Support Your Business Functions? 
 RT  Nothing sadder than something well conceived, beautifully designed, gorgeously implemented, and functionally useless.
   Make Some Noise, track 1 aptly appropriate  
 Emily and her BFF 
 Celebrating Emily's 9th birthday with bowling  
  Thanks for that mention Matt.
 Amen Brother. RT  Advertising 3.0 - Movement Marketing 
 The Facebook Ecosystem: Best practice guide for marketing on Facebook (PDF) 
 Nice work from Brooklyn Brothers: "Being Henry", by Range Rover Evoque 
  Welcome to the neighborhood, dawg
 Buying a used car? This app lets you search stock from your iPhone and make a finance application 
 Had my very first CRAFT Burger today. Gave it an 8.5 on the Burger-o-metre.
  Thanks. Loving the United States of Innovation story 
 How to Identify the Needs that Motivate Others 
 Automotive apps and OS, and other stuff for your car. Henry Ford would RT this. 
 Sound will be bigger than video on the Web says SoundCloud CEO 
 Feedly for iPad. Finally. 
 The Most Engaging Political Election since 1812: Why? 
 The Power of Point 3: Engaging Canadians for Change 
  The Correspondents Dinner alone was worth 20 points for this Canadian 
 The game Layer is on RT  The net results of Gamification for business are the following: Engagement, Loyalty, then Advocacy.
 Good morning Canada. As an old friend says: "If you want to exercise your right to bitch, go vote. If you don't vote, shut the hell up."
 Which restaurant chain has the most engaged Facebook fans? You might be surprised 
  Agreed
 Darn, today's Level Up deal - a lock of Kate Middleton's Hair for $50 - is all sold out 
 P&G have always been on the edge of innovation: Introducing TIDE Laundry Pods. 
   We missed the bombonieres
 The Art of Negative Space 
 Oh man, connect your Amazon to your Facebook and never miss a birthday or gift idea again
 iPad DJ at the REX Club in Paris. Go to 6.45 to see the iPad magic of DJ ing. 
 Apple Gets Ready To Unleash iCloud 
 Most excellent read. RT  Conversation is the New Attention 
 The thing about Canadian NHL clubs is they give a lot of value to their fans 
 Finally! RT  Rogers to roll out fourth generation wireless network: 
 Best of Craigslist: To The Guy In My Closet: You Don't Have Aids 
 Facebook Launches Three New Sponsored Stories 
 Going into business? You will have to innovate at lightning speed in every aspect. 
 RT  FIRST VIDEO LOOK AT  which makes great printed photo albums from  photos http… (cont) 
 A way to increase TTC ridership on subways in March: the Contacting Toronto Exhibition 
 The World's Last Typewriter Factory Closes 
 Symmetry 
 The next turf war for the real estate information sites has shifted from the Web to mobile devices 
 Engagement is about connecting people with people first, brands second  
 This sums up the kinda day it's been PERFECTLY 
 How Engaged Is Traffic from Social Sites? - eMarketer 
  non-innovators gonna hate
 New blog post: The Marketer's Engagement Diamond: Take 1  
 RT  Social media now part of the lexicon - not just for geeks 
 The Marketer's Engagement Diamond: Take 1 
  That's not a bad idea. Seriously.
 I'd like to thank everyone at kenna for a wonderful 3 years; I learned a lot about marketing and myself. My time there was well spent.
 After a personal squabble with myself, I have decided to resign from kenna. Today is the first day of The Next Great Adventure.
 RT  Show Us the Data. (It's Ours, After All.) (Richard H. Thaler / New York Times) 
 Apple's cash pile is now $65.8 billion, and other Apple Business Facts that will blow your noggin 
 WOW! The NBA logo generates $3 billion a year in licensing 
 The story of the NBA logo 
 Community Managers Rejoice! RT   Facebook questions to expand your community and engagement 
  Thank Niall. One milestone at a time.
 Ran 1 mile under 10 minutes today  for me, anyway
 How new Internet standards will finally deliver a mobile revolution 
 10 presentations to help you become a digital planning genius 
 Another killer VW ad, this time on YouTube for the new Beetle 
  Great stuff Shel. Looking forward to all the chapters.
 RT  Just posted draft of  Ch 4: Struck by the Cluetrain 
 Really nice "scrolling experience" 
 Unbelievable. Jesse Jackson Jr says the iPad is killing American jobs 
 "Older people sit down and ask, 'What is it?' but a 9 year old boy asks, 'What can I do with it?'" 
 1985 Playboy Interview: Steven Jobs 
 Orson Welles Terrorizes Jim Henson  (via 
 Vodafone’s supernetwork and real mobile payment is launching at the Sziget Festival in Budapest 
 Best. Week. Ever. 
 Combine the BBC/Lazaris interview and today's lackluster Playbook launch, I'd say RIM is having a sub par week.
 IT'S OFFICIAL: Internet Advertising Is Bigger Than Newspaper Advertising (NYT) 
 Anaconda Wrestling. Yes, Anaconda. 
 Solid... 
 Revisiting The Meaning Of "Engagement"  (via 
 "In 2011 check-ins are going to go the way of the eight-track tape and disappear." 
 Based on today's highlight reel of yesterday's debate, I'm really glad I had wild boar speck with Cava last night with my neighbor 
 RT  Success depends on your backbone, not your wishbone. ~someone clever
 I'm so gonna play a round of golf next week 
 Andy J. Miller. Want it! 
 Mmm ( The Avenue) 
 It's a brand new day for the Szabos. And we celebrate. ( Me Va Me) 
 21 essential resource sites for web designers by .net magazine 
 Business is no longer about what a company wants to do; it’s about what a company and its customers can do together 
  Bruce is a God. Pretty much sums it up.
 Papa has a brand new search engine on his iPad: BING! 
 Wow! This is the future of social CRM RT  Awesome interactive customer service display at  
 RT  The New York Times: Digital Strategy, Not Wall 
 Pretty freakin awesome Facebook engagement metrics from Buddy Media 
 Attending a funeral today for a colleague's dad. Days like today put things into perspective and priority.
 Just a thought but I think I should stay away from sushi for a while
 Why Facebook is making billions off ads: They work! 
 Eat St app launch to support debut of new Canadian Food Show 
 Program Plan: The Social Media Center of Excellence 
 LeBron James launches a modern day Fat Albert for Helping Kids Tackle Tough Subjects 
 Statistic  shows that men’s habits for reading in the small room have not changed just the device 
 29 Statistics Reveal How The Apple’s iPad Is Changing Our Lives   via 
 RT  Interbrand, releases its Best Retail Brands study, .  ( is  cdn brand
 OK Rogers, you're in my good books for another 12 months (cc 
 E-Mail Marketer Epsilon Hacked. Data compromised. 
 Gmail Motion: Best April Fool's joke of the day 
 Giving barkeeping advice. For free. ( St Paul's Church Meeting Rooms) 
  I guess they had to since  was found.
 Winnebago Man: Not your average +18 corporate video 
 RT  WPP’s Martin Sorrell On Social Media In Large Agencies - PSFK 
 RT  Google&apos;s new phone to double as credit card. 
 Adobe demos Photoshop for iPad 
 Google +1: Get Ready To See +1 Buttons Everywhere 
 The magic of Photoshop and time-lapse photography: Los Angeles without any cars 
 The new  catalog has an awesome, playful look to it. Glad to see print design can still kick it.
 RT  Also, Deal sizes for Brand Monitoring (Like Radian6) grows to $294k per year per client that has high revenues  ...
 Salesforce buying  means a couple of things: Salesforce.com will be way better and Canadians rock
 20+ Mind-blowing social media statistics  
 RT  If you can't (or aren't willing) to change the brand experience based on social feedback, don't ask for it. 
 WOW! For only $150/month I can get a massive Twitter following. Silly me, I thought it was about delivering value and stuff.
    Replaced Flipboard and Pulse with Zite, using for about a week now. Happy so far.
  Your great gig in the sky. I'll be watching.
  Agreed. But say it wasn't a hoax. Would exposure be any good to a dead person?
 Do Twitter death hoaxes increase popularity?
 If your employees are hanging out on Facebook during downtime, have them manage your social media efforts 
 Amazon Blasts Into Music Streaming Market With Cloud Drive 
 Color.com transparency is incredible. Total collaboration with a hand-written invitation from CEO  (via 
 RT  Saavy fans are watching indie artists like Odd Future on you tube way more than they listening to the radio or buyin ...
 RT  Kraft To Turn Mac & Cheese Tweets Into TV Ads Within 24 Hours   via  
 Thanks    LOVE my jess3 tshirt. Kids love the stickers. Looking at frame options for posters. 
 Best acceptance speech goes to Neil Younf on winning Album of the Year: "What year is it?" 
 And Google releases Disco. Gonna be a funny day today. 
 Facebook bought Beluga? 
  Twitter streams as a news tickers are awesome. It turns your office into a modern day newsroom with the good, bad and ugly.
  "nice touch" with your choice of words. But I used *really* in front of mine. ;)
 Received an email today from Reid Hoffman, co-founder of LinkedIn, thanking me for being among the first 1M members. *really* nice touch.
 CAPTCHA and conversion rates. Surprised? 
 RT  Nissan’s Guerrilla Campaign: The Accidental Test Drive | Creative Guerrilla Marketing Examples  via  ...
 Nice Wooden iPad 2 Cover 
 The average Canuck does not wear shows in her house, and other stupid stats 
    I find the notion of checking out way more lucrative. Better relevance post experience vs pre (checking in).
   "Check Out" to teach Bizzy about the kinds of places you love (and the kinds of places you don’t) 
   Just a thought but  might have ideas on targeting and advocacy through "checking out" Made sense to me at 
  Some folks are having better luck with upgrade to 4.3 but overall, not so good. Thanks for the chat.
  BB connects flawlessly. iPhone cannot connect. Discussion boards at Apple and Volvo aren't positive.
 RT  Google Changes Chrome Logo: From 3D to 2D 
  2011 Volvo xc60 factory bluetooth. iPhone 3G won't sync so thinking for iPhone 4 but not sure it'll work. Current iOS = 4.2.1
 Anyone know what's up with Apple's crappy Bluetooth connectivity? cc 
 Are you using the same device to do our work as you are to distract yourself from work?  thinks so. 
 Today's role of leadership is about crafting unique experiences that reinforce your organization's values 
 Excellent post from HBR: For many today, meaning is the new money. It's what people are looking for at work. 
 What Is Your Company’s Digital Marketing IQ?  (via 
 Fantastic: The New Morgan Spurlock film to open Hot Docs 
 Tyler P, Mayorship is yours next season. We lost our slot to women's league from Leaside ( Moss Park Arena) 
 Another agency is hellbent on "disruptive" ideas. NOTE: don't say "disruptive" in a marketing meeting anymore. Please. 
 Best Supermarket Display Ever 
 IBM: Businesses need to realize that most consumers do not engage with companies via social media to feel connected. 
 Coca-Cola cut ad spend by 6.6% and invest more in social media 
 Nice Deal! Groupon CEO Rolls Ad Agency Under the Bus 
 Coca-Cola cut ad spend by 6.6% and invest more in social media  via 
 RT  Fail Bigger Cheaper: A Three Word Manifesto 
 EXCELLENT read! Blogs, ideas and engagement.  via  and 
  I did that to my wife once for a lesbian magazine. Didn't go over so well either.
 RT  I slept, awoke,  is STILL djing. Goin for the record of 125 hours watch live on  ...
 I'm at Spring Rolls (90 Burnhamthorpe Road W, Hurontario St, Mississauga) 
 Untitled 
 I'm at CN Tower (301 Front St West, at John St, Toronto) w/ 2 others 
 I'm at Vinny Massimo's Pizza & Pasta (376 College Street, College & Borden, Toronto) 
 I'm at Joe's Hamburgers (10825 Yonge Street, just north of Elgin Mills Rd, Richmond Hill) 
 Just signed up for our 4th Volvo ( Volvo Villa) 
 My 5 yr old asked about drinking & driving: "You're not supposed to do because it can spill all over your dash, right?" 
 RT  Canada's Federal Open Data initiative,  just went live with 260,000+ datasets. Dive in!
  Thanks so much.
 Left all my  drawings behind at  Can I buy online?
 I'm at Hey Lucy (295 King St W, John St, Toronto) 
  Til Sunday I think.
  Amazing. Biggest baddest conference there is for interactive. Music started last night. Next year will stay for the whole thing.
 Seriously?  Pickering nuclear plant reports water leak 
  Thanks Rubene. Awesome times in the big TX. Hope all is well.
 Home ( Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ) ✈ w/ 6 others) 
 I'm at Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) ✈ (10000 Bessie Coleman Dr, Chicago) w/ 71 others 
 I'm at Austin Bergstrom International Airport (AUS) (3600 Presidential Blvd, Texas Hwy 71, Austin) w/ 15 others 
 I just unlocked the "School Night" badge on  
 Good bye  I will never forget you!  
 Congratulations!  Good news: our  campaign just won the digital campaign of the year award    
 Day 4: UX Strategy, Done Backwards 
 Eight SXSW Startups That Ad Age Can Love 
 Just posted a photo 
  Good for you. I'm smoke-free 7 months and living large. And breathing easier.
 Mucho Mexicana ( Guero's w/ 5 others) 
 RT  In honour of  calling Africa 'The Dark Continent', as of today I will now refer to Ford Nation as 'The  ...
