 "It's a new generation of party people," croons the 40-year-old American Idol judge.
  or a cookie
 i admire beck's attempts to come up with inventive lyrics, but israeli/gravy is a sloppy rhyme.
 Reading levi-strauss - the savage mind
  i imagined this 
 Kangaroo Attack Leaves 94-Year-Old Victim in the Hospital 
 borrowing samsung chromebook from  heavier and thicker than i thought it would be.
  I think they have a pumpkin spice latte. That can't be a coincidence.
 Just realized that Starbucks colors = the colors of House Atreides
 You know what would have been a good merchandising tie-in for the Thor movie? Four Loki.
 Just finished reading Arquilla - insurgents, raiders, and bandits. Good book for lay readers who are interested in asymmetric warfare.
 Disappointed in results of Googling "chin moustache."
  McFavaBeans
  or "in my time of dying"?
 Parent threatens to "count to three," but never makes it past "thaaat's two!" The asymptotic curve method of discipline.
  it's a deixical nightmare up in here
  windy city feels the updraft
  yes. Don't retweet something and simply add "THIS."
  making hay while the sun shines. courses will greatly restrict my writing opportunities :(
 high school students in Cali are using twitter to coordinate their fall schedules. US history teacher is named Spinuzzi.
 just submitted another article to a journal. now working on a chapter. later, another article. summer is fleeting.
 "I hear more and more people pronouncing the letter Z as 'zee'. Not happy about it!" 
  perfect thx
  aw thanks - let's shoot for tomorrow before noon. 11am okay?
  not to be too geeky, but any chance I can swing by your office and get some hands on time with the chromebook? I'll bring bagels.
 RT  New Social Security bill curbs spending by encouraging seniors to base jump, shoot crystal meth.  Video: 
 "He needs to fire his muse, I guess." 
 debt jubilee 
 The Latest Feats From Filmmaker Robert Rodriguez, Hollywood's Stealthiest Innovator 
  maybe maps is using LA as a reference point for their color scheme :)
  nope just tried it and saw some red.
 Just saw an escalade with a brush guard. Yep, I bet the brush gets pretty thick in Westlake. Surprised they didn't spring for the winch.
 I have a disturbing tendency to write article manuscripts that are far too long. I think I can sweat this one down to under 12k words.
 Congrats! RT  Woohoo! All desk memberships filled up at   Still room for non-desk coworkers.  
 i admit it, where i send this manuscript may well depend on the max number of words they'll accept.
 Owner at Indian grocery reports that today's high will be 105 F. I was just thinking that it was a beautiful day with a nice breeze.
 Bumper sticker: "my honor student has a career in the service industry."
 "The Knights Templar offers an historical model that provides a ready made formula for manufacturing fictive kinship." 
 man, listening to early beck takes me back to early grad school
  ! I had seen the movie, but didn't realize that little snatch was beck. listening to the track now.
 listening to beck today
 almost. 
  totally different. one is a wry observation, the other is a wry meta-observation.
 barista doesn't recognize customer. he acts hurt, is joking-but-not-really. she apologizes-but-not-really.
 coffee shop. i spring for a scone with the coffee. Total is $6.66. Barista and I waste five seconds marveling over this.
 Reading Arquilla - insurgents, raiders, and bandits. Riveting so far.
 At gas station, Hipster with porkpie hat buys lone star six pack.
 RT  He asked, "Do you really like Coldplay?" And I said, "Of course!" He told me that he'd pray for me. Just to prove it, he ...
  I admire your positive attitude!
  it looks so cold there! My sympathies. Loving our 100 F days here in the ATX.
  I know, right? I suddenly wondered about, and googled, "lone ranger werewolf" and this is what came up.
 "The Lone Ranger was the first American werewolf hunter and also the founding father of this organization." 
 I just reviewed Goffman's classic The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life at 
 I just reviewed Rabinow's book Reflections on Fieldwork in Morocco at 
 On the proper use of quotation marks 
  that sounds familiar 9/10 get that spinuzzi is Italian but occasionally someone thinks its Czech
 For some horrid reason foreigner's non-hit "down on love" is repeating in my head.
  for sure
  it should be. Or maybe moody blues.
 A man's laptop sports a sticker: "I love tacos."
 OH: I attempted to join the Freemasons one time and it was extremely difficult.
 Rain briefly fell from a clear blue sky.
 Back at coffee shop. Nearby, man tells table mates about certification process for spiritual healers.
 Finished Whyte's classic Street Corner Society last night. Now I'm finally getting to Richard Florida's (not Flo Rida's) The Great Reset.
 RT  And He's the One Rapper I've Actually Met  RT  when i think of richard florida, i now mentally pronounce  ...
  hoping you get out soon. also hope that the AC is working.
  now i want a margarita
  oh i pity my poor margarita drinking friend
 when i think of richard florida, i now mentally pronounce the name "Flo Rida." I blame TMZ.
  lol, they see your enormous potential already
  it wasn't you unless you're using a pen name!
 just received email from someone claiming to be a "former student" advertising his/her self-published book. i don't recognize the name.
  ha!
  waiting!
  that's the retreat part
 Bumper sticker: "I mourn the death of common sense in our society." On the plus side, vague finger-wagging is alive and well.
 Walking home from the coffee shop, I pass a parked horse trailer. It's unoccupied.
 ponytail guy put away his netbook and is sitting up straighter as he reads a thick textbook
 pop cultured currency  via 
 in the future, ponytail guy may wonder whether saving a couple hundred $$ on that netbook was worth his physical therapy bills.
 ponytail guy is going to ruin himself using that little netbook. he is forming a letter C with his back as he hunches over it.
 nearby, a lanky man in a ponytail crouches on a stool and tries to use an undersized netbook.
 lazy morning. now at coffee shop, drinking iced coffee and checking up on email.
 The distant screaming of children in Walmart is like the screaming of the damned.
  thanks!
 Getting a snow cone.
 GI Joes, zombies, yetis, sharks, parachutes, submarines, Beastie Boys 
  or maybe a Class D, if we're going by a well established scale :) 
 Slashdot reports that Pluto has another moon. Angry commenters resurrect the debate over whether Pluto is a planet. 
   this has jobs' fingerprints all over it
 on the same day that apple releases osx lion, villagers in india kill leopard. coincidence? 
 I prefer emoticons without noses.
   heh "huddle" sounds like sports but "huddles" sounds like a brand of diapers
  now you have to follow through. When I read the interview I will imagine the voice that tmz uses for reading beebs tweets.
    there's an al gore joke in there somewhere
 2 guys soaking wet in swim trunks sitting on the edge of the 360 bridge
  no, but I have some friends who use them and haven't been able to Huddle with me yet.
 G+ iPhone app now available in iTunes store.
 "Police Bust Tweens For Operating Unlicensed Lemonade Stand." Better than "e coli outbreak traced to lemonade stand." 
  you expect him to get his grill out of storage AND haul it all the way home?
 It makes me happy that the Neanderthals left a legacy. 
  may I suggest tevas
 I wonder if he calls his moped "Dragula"?
 Just saw a guy who looks like kevin smith and dresses like rob zombie. Riding a moped.
  I always do
 How is it noon already?
 dubstep on pandora as i revise a chapter for a collection
 amazon launches kindle textbook rental service 
 Fossilized feces suggest when people first came to North America. 
  ugh, true. I've been using Mute too on some high traffic posts.
 Just received John Arquilla's new book Insurgents, Raiders, and Bandits on the Kindle. Looking forward to this one after finishing Whyte.
 RT  A shark has to keep moving, or it dies. A dead shark overcomes this limitation, but at a price.
  Malibu Ayn Rand?
 Reading Whyte - Street Corner Society
 RT  In the future, everyone will be anonymous for 15 minutes.
  gusty sigh
  nothing but a g thang, obviously. Or endless love.
 Finished Goffman - The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life. Pretty good, but I wanted him to base it more extensively on his study.
 gmail has finally removed the distinction between Priority Inbox and Inbox - at least in my account
   i feel bad for Durex
 Just received Goffman's classic The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life. I haven't read this since my MA work.
 RT  When Google Search Suggestions go wrong. Very wrong. 
   dubtastic
 listening to some dubstep on pandora (cc  
 the phrase "don't call my bluff" is in the news, leading me to create a Foreigner soundtrack for my morning work
  or live on a boat on the open sea
  oh. yes, lots of dust. grass not so much. :/
  that seems prudent! if all else fails, you could consider moving to West Texas.
 having a hard time getting started today. allergies.
 Rabinow's book Reflections on Fieldwork in Morocco is hilarious so far.
  glad to hear it!
  sure - incoming
  hey, there it is :)
 I just reviewed Margaret Mead's book Growing Up in New Guinea at 
 Nearby, a formally dressed woman consults laptop & iPhone. Formally dressed, but her blue plastic briefcase is covered with band stickers.
 at the coffee shop, working on a chapter. Music is not bad today, although I can't identify the genre. It seems Caribbean-flavored.
  if only!
 Reading Rabinow - Reflections on Fieldwork in Morocco
  :)
 RT  Upset that Netflix is raising its prices? Go buy meth where your local Blockbuster used to be!
 Who needs wikileaks when we have the White House Flickr stream? 
  I am. Very easy.
  yep. He develops the concept of schismogenesis through this ethnography.
 Just finished reading Bateson's ethnography, Naven. It turned out to be an excellent though flawed book.
 yay, sites.google.com appears to be down for me
  done
  ok just shoot me your email (preferably gmail) address
  Reza's
  ok
  done
 i have some Google+ invites if anyone wants one
 somewhere stalin is crying 
 mouse belt buckles 
 These New Guinea ethnographies have a lot of salacious village gossip in them.
  I do
  that's an odd place to keep them
 RT  Her: How was your conference call?
 This seems like a very American sentiment. 
  ... which was still infinitely preferable to that of his replacement
 i forgot the charm of david lee roth's self-deprecating storytelling in Van Halen's "Beautiful Girls"
  amen
  outstanding idea. And people say twitter is a time waster.
 Taking a little break from writing this AM to plan my fall classes.
 RT  Israel shows how the West can use "lawfare" to our advantage. My take: 
 RT  Spanning Backup for Gmail is now in private beta. Request an invitation here: spanningbackup.com/gmail
 Anthro types: Google Books has a couple of Franz Boas books for free. archive.org has Bateson's Naven and some Malinowski.
  a little, but mostly pleasure reading. I've been meaning to read some ethno classics for a while.
  gangapedia
 Just picked up Levi-Strauss' The Savage Mind and Rabinow's Reflections on Fieldwork in Morocco at the used bookstore.
 RT  Google+ versus Facebook: Not another Betamax v VHS please: 
 Diver Snaps First Photo of Fish Using Tools - ScienceNOW 
  and now we are all witnesses as well
 Reading Bateson's ethnography of New Guinea headhunters, Naven. One of my marginal notes simply says: RUN!!!!!
 Just finished reading Mead - Growing Up in New Guinea
   " This is a very stable system" - stable like a pyramid?
 Also, waiting impatiently for the postal service to deliver books by Whyte and Goffman.
 Reading Mead - Growing Up in New Guinea
 Neighborhood email list: "need a sitter/nanny/surrogate granny"
   good!
 RT  Oh man, check out this awesome graffiti of a Bob-omb on East Sixth. 
  uh oh
  I turned mine off a long time ago, but don't remember how
 I have finally cracked data coding on this project. These transcripts once seemed like a wasteland but are now teeming with life.
 I keep humming The Cure's song Love Cats, but substituting "Lovecraft!" in the chorus.
 Forgot to eat breakfast and lunch. Now eating both meals simultaneously.
 Outside in the shade blind-reviewing two manuscripts for two different journals.
 The SXSW PanelPicker has become hugely more complicated this year.
 to the library!
 academics who are studying genre, please consider coming to Genre 2012 
 Starting Claude Levi-Strauss - The Raw and the Cooked. Am not gripped with interest so far, I'm afraid.
 i just reviewed Freeman's book The Fateful Hoaxing of Margaret Mead at  (cc 
 I just reviewed Margaret Mead's classic Coming of Age in Samoa at 
 "it’s not that far-fetched to imagine that Android is a more lucrative business for Microsoft than ... Windows Phone 7" 
   i have a hard time with the hipster taxonomy. maybe i should plan a study.
   is it too early for some PBR?
 in honor of  i'll listen to cliqhop this morning
  foots teps
 coding at the coffee shop. about to put in the earbuds to avoid this repetitive folk music they're playing.
 just read  's 1984 review of Derek Freeman's previous book on Margaret Mead. Illuminating as usual!
  will do
 I just received Richard Florida's new book The Great Reset from Amazon, but will probably read a couple of other books first.
  I will. Probably will be a couple of weeks.
 Just finished Freeman - The Fateful Hoaxing of Margaret Mead. Riveting.
  interesting!
 "The two forces that succeed in teaching ethics and morality are religion and dictatorships."  via 
 OH: "He uses Facebook like it's Twitter."
 i still prefer printed books to electronic. BUT: i know that the electronic book experience will rapidly evolve, improve, and diversify.
 RT   ranked  best city for business and careers by   ( for economic growth)
  aw thanks.
 Starting out this AM with ashtanga, then iced espresso.
 Beginning Freeman - The Fateful Hoaxing of Margaret Mead
 Just finished Margaret Mead's book Coming of Age in Samoa.
  aw thanks
   thanks!
 I have a hard time believing that this truck stop is Zagat rated.
   thanks!
 Reading Mead - Coming of Age in Samoa
  in other news, Austin area Best Buys still don't have chrome books on display
  turn your pockets inside out and you will see the answer :(
  it's about getting them in the hands of C-level execs to augment Google's enterprise push.
 Camera on fireworks! 
  not kidding
  someone yesterday suggested spraying it with wd-40
  there's a word for that
  I'm sure that would draw some stares even here in ATX
 T shirt: "I <3<3<3 Zelda."
 the picture of qadaffi on drudge makes him look like an elderly jazz musician
 lazy day. was going to code data, but ended up writing book reviews and reading. and drinking ginger beer.
 i just reviewed Packer's book The Science of Qualitative Research at 
 I just reviewed Malinowski's book Argonauts of the Western Pacific at 
 i just reviewed Whyte et al - Participatory Action Research for Management at 
  thanks!
    ah it was  - someone dropped the r.
  I hear good things about the Dr Pepper museum in Waco
  thanks!
 I understand getting spam from IKEA. But why am I getting spam from IKEA Tempe?
 RT  the story of Dune recreated with Gummi worms    (cc  
 Watching Google try out more innovative design is like watching your Baptist friend trying to learn the two-step.
 RT  What is the DJ up to? "Single Ladies" segued into "Girlfriend in a Coma". Odd in normal circs, but at a wedding?
  slightly!
  you have an option to disallow sharing on post by post basis.
  no one can see your circles or what you named them. Msg to circle 1 can't be seen by circle 2 - unless someone shares it.
 google+ will really take off once you can share docs and calendars with Circles.
  okay so far, but still figuring it out. lots of promise once it gets connected to other google properties.
 trying Google Plus. I think I am avoiding spamming people's emails, but my apologies if not.
  yeah. they had invites but shut them down due to demand. when they bring them back i'll tag you.
   y'all are a laff riot
 okay, will have to create some circles tomorrow
  no worries, I got it. Thanks a lot!
  still have one? Clay dot spinuzzi at gmail dot com
  I've got to do that. We can chat about Terri Gross too.
 Told neighbor that I have been working at coffee shops this summer. He thought I had taken on a part-time job.
  that can be our greeting. Still feel like part of the cool crowd,  :)
   it's like we have a little coding cabal
 Noah Schactman is about to be on Fresh Air. I would listen to it but, you know, Terri Gross.
  wheeeeeee
  congratulations!
 coding data
  true! i see what you mean
  i think so - try bringing up unthemed google properties such as google.com, GCal, GDocs
 hmm: the black bar across the top of New Twitter looks surprisingly like the new black bar across top of all Google properties.
 RT  only google could call a product + because the + sign is stripped from searches making it unfindable
 I need a Google+ invite y'all.
 Libertarian bumper sticker: "the audacity of nope."
 A gang of 4 scooters just passed my house.
 Whoa, they redesigned google mobile
 The giant roll of paper broke the logjam. I think I know how to finish this manuscript.
  they're great but a little pricey. Or maybe I'm a lot cheap.
 i think i've reached the point in this manuscript at which I need sharpies and a giant roll of paper.
  you're a cruel man, bill
  get. that. burp off my shoulder.
 OH: That was one of my washing machine escapades ...
 hipster has been playing some sort of hamster game on his ipad for the past 2 hours straight
  can i get a wipe-wipe?
  dammit, i can't top that
  99 problems and climbing
  my guess is that his scientific credentials are based on repeated viewings of old star trek episodes.
 at the coffee shop, the guy across from me is wearing a stocking cap. high today is 100 F. high price for irony, hipster.
 "aliens would most likely resemble humans with two arms, two legs and a head." 
  thanks - forgot to put mine on there :/
  afraid not - it actually made me want to hurry on to the other telework studies on my shelf!
 reading  and etc - "Content Management in the Workplace." Really interesting so far! 
 Austin's Capital Metro is privatizing. 
  that was just awful
 Just finished Malinowski - Argonauts of the Western Pacific. Fantastic read.
 RT  Oh man, INSANE CLOWN POSSEE and LIMP BIZKIT both have albums out tomorrow!  
  congratulations!
  sige na
 just wrote about the process of writing my new article, Losing by Expanding: 
 writing music: skinny puppy youtube mix, courtesy 
 in the office, writing
 Bus stop. Not hot yet, but humid.
  yeah but it's a dry heat
 Today, parked next to a tricked-out Honda. The owner had changed CIVIC to CHOLO.
   
  bookmarked!
  I have got to try that. Thanks.
  did it filter out your own tweet telling us about it? Serious question.
 At used bookstore, picked up Mead's Coming of Age in Samoa and Freeman's The Fateful Hoaxing of Margaret Mead.
  hah!
 Man at side of road has sandwich board saying CASH FOR GOLD and a Conan O'Brien mask. Should be Ron Paul instead.
 Just reinstalled Tasker to automate my phone functions.
  I actually got more tense
    it seemed very anachronistic, as if one of us had worn an Annette t shirt at 16.
  thanks. Will see how it works in practice on Monday.
 8bit rebecca black 
  you're unhappy about the SYTYCD results, aren't you?
 Just bought a snow cone from a 16yo girl with a FRANKIE SAY RELAX t shirt.
 I'm just a few paragraphs shy of a complete paper, but other obligations are pressing. Might not make my writing target today.
 Pick al Qaeda's new name 
 zero packaging groceries 
  thanks :)
 In her yard, a woman holds a plastic bag and watches her dog expectantly. They also serve who only stand and wait.
 Beautiful day in the ATX. Off to the coffee shop in hopes of finishing a complete draft of this paper today.
  great!
 Dual screen phone transforms into a little tablet. Clever or stupid? 
  google wants you to be happy when IT replaces your computer with chromeos
  I'm sure his faith will sustain him
  probably! I just reached my destination and he's still there, swiveling his little head back and forth.
 I just noticed a small praying mantis on my windshield
 I'm starting a little blog experiment that may interest academics. 
  ah we were probably using VUE when you took the class. Google "VUE Tufts"
  i think we were using google docs for that - just create a drawing.
 Going to coffee shop to write the heck out of this article.
  I hadn't - thanks for the heads up!
 Four bottles of Seagram's Escapes Calypso Colada have been in the back of my fridge for nearly a year, waiting for a guest with no taste.
 Tears for Fears always makes me feel melancholy.
   bwahaha
 TMZ: "carmageddon!" Closed captioning: "Carmen get-on!"
 making a hostage crisis social 
 chrome is now preloading websites *as i type the url* - very unnerving
  in today's modern world, that is a possibility
 reviewing papers for a conference. joltingly, one abstract begins, "Nowadays..."
 at coffee shop. a guy who looks like a young charlie manson has been conducting business loudly on his phone. mostly reading parts numbers.
 more, smaller carriers  About time: see 
  thanks!
 just received the three little words an author most wants to hear about his revision: "You. Are. Done."
 my upcoming JBTC article is online in preliminary form here  for you activity theorists out there
 they're listening to weak techno at the coffee shop this morning.
 Overcast. High of only 99 f today in the ATX. On my way to coffee shop to write.
  the first season of Lost I was hoping it would morph into Land of the Lost.
  they might also have an app that explains how to make a radio out of coconuts.
 Flamethrowing trombone 
  no tennis?
 The hidden cost of telecommuting. 
 High of 106 f today in the ATX!
  same answer. Closest I could recommend might be miles & huberman or Corbin & Strauss
  sorry, haven't found a good source but let me know if you do!
 "Every generation gets the Link it deserves." A Zelda retrospective. 
 now the coffee shop is playing folk music. bring back the cliqhop.
 fascinating interview re wave theory of social change. 
 toddler and younger sister are lectured by their father. F: "Cause sharing is ...?" Sister: "Cool!"
  i thought of  and 
 west texas gets a long-lasting project 
 a toddler suggests to the barista that the coffee shop have morning karaoke. Barista: "as long as we have mimosas."
  don't worry, i don't think it's that popular :)
 coffee shop owner just told us: "this is experimental music day, so don't freak out!"
 coffee shop is playing cliqhop this morning
  nope
 Reading Malinowski is like reading unabridged Jules Verne
 Mostly working offline, using up the sticky notes. One of my drafts has 9pp text and 8pp cites so far.
  :)
 Coffee shop. A woman has attached her ipad to a keyboard and is typing with it in her lap. The entire apparatus rocks with each keystroke.
  true but I could have handled my own demo if there was anything to demo :/
 Went to best buy to see chromebooks. Not in stock. BB guys didn't care. Maybe they know I only use BB for hardware demos?
 RT  So far everyone in Link is under 5'3" today...
  yes :)
  suddenly I feel old (band)
  have you heard they're coming out with a new internet called 4g?!?
  hbd mr!
 "This will only be used to keep concertgoers from infringing on copyrights, right?" 
 Now starting on Malinowski - Argonauts of the Western Pacific. (Sadly, UT doesn't have a public copy of Malinowski's notorious diary.)
  it makes them feel like ninjas
  yahoo groups
 Subject on neighborhood email list: "my shed experience." I think I'll skip that one.
  is that the one with "roundabout" or the one with "owner of a lonely heart"?
  no, but I'm sure I'll get to it sometime after I see human centipede
 Artificial meat substitute, though I'm not sure it qualifies as vegetarian. 
 For pleasure, I have been reading Whyte & Hamilton's 1965 book Action Research for Management. Imagine ethnography meets the Hardy Boys.
  keep staring, it's bound to go dark eventually
 Leaving coffee shop.
 Coffee shop is playing music in which singer signals that he is playing a character by singing nasally.
 diy killer robots made by libyan opposition 
  :)
 ctrl+x, inhale, ctrl-v, exhale. that's not weird, right?
 taking a break from paper  to work on paper  (I started coding data for paper  yesterday.)
 for the second day in a row, the folks at the coffee shop gave me a to-go cup. message?
 Least surprising tech news of the day. 
 RT  Bartender Rules:  DO NOT start the order off with, "GIVE ME A STRONG DRINK!" You are guaranteed to have the WEAKE ...
 Subject on neighborhood email list: "Room in a dumpster?"
 Google has had trouble getting traction with Places, but now they've integrated it into Google mobile search. Good implementation.
  ha!
  using game elements in nongame activities. ex: foursquare mayorships, gowalla badges
 drop everything and read  tweetstream summarizing  talk at 
 RT  Told my daughter that her next birthday would be on the moon.  She reasoned I was kidding after two difficult questions ab ...
 you know what form factor would be good for an android slate?  back to the future
 paper  of the summer has been submitted. quick break, then working on paper 
 in the coffee shop, listening to dubstep and trying to knock out a chapter revision
  must be a communication breakdown. It's always the same
 "a narrative of male moral authority disciplining women for consuming to ornament themselves."  via 
