 RT  If only all NASCAR prayers went similarly to Ricky Bobby's: 
 Prediction: Congress will up the debt ceiling. A deal will be struck & both sides will claim victory. Translation: we are screwed again!
  - The latter.
 Love that I can tweet from the Kindle app on my iPad. Here is the first of many:  
 You cannot innovate and simultaneously preserve the past.
 Came across someone who tells half the truth, half the time.
 I am guessing this means it is unlikely the  will be trading David Write before the deadline. - The Flushing Flash 
  - Define "good" ice vs. "bad" ice? Just curious.
 Today, I am going to call me credit card companies and tell them that if they don't raise my limit, I might not be able to pay them back.
 Funny or proof of inane governmental regulations? 15 Most Unnecessary Instructions Ever (Photos)  via 
 Overheard: "If I have to pass a urine test to work to pay taxes, shouldn't the recipient of the welfare dollars have to pass one as well."
 This is more important than the so-called "energy crisis." - Managing Your Personal Energy Crisis - NYTimes.com 
 Blog post about one of the best sessions at  Head Nodding and Early Exits « HealingLeaders Blog 
 98 at game time. ( Dr. Pepper Ballpark w/ 4 others) [pic]: 
 What government really is - Ideas On Liberty 
 Already 30% off all business books at Borders.
  does a great job talking about the channel opportunity behind Sage's product rebranding  
 A rare overlap of Libertarian thought and parenting. Bryan Caplan on reason.tv 
 Just read that David Wright will be in the lineup for the  tonight! Welcome back 
 RT  Sorry - here's the  opening video  
 RT  Nice! RT  Map of USA with States Renamed as Countries With Similar GDPs 
 RT  Apple's Next Big Conquest: Business  
 RT  The opening video from  now up on YouTube  
   - Nice! That is some good company!
 Checking out a possible leadership development program fir  and the Sage Leadership Symposium. 
   - Yes, clearly a danger in all this thinking!
 According to  Klout score is 58. I have no idea if this is good or bad? 
  I thought you might be interested in signing up for Klout! 
 RT   Hearing LOTS of radio spots for 
  - Yup, A Sage Business knows...
  You are correct sir! 
 So glad to be home!
    - back at you JW!
 RT   hilarious - cara is standing on scale and saying "i go to 11" 
  - S&D does have an effect on price when the needed knowledge cannot be well differentiated.
  - I tried to post a comment, but the site would not let me login. You are half correct. S&D do not apply to "hours".
 Dear session participants: Just because I choose not to use God-awful Powerpoint slides does not mean I am "winging it."
 RT  Great post-Summit strategy sessions..Sage future is looking bright! Need new shades!    ...
  - Nah, the name may go, but Peachtree is certainly not dry.
 RT  Seems to spend most of my day planning future days. 
 "Cost effective" is a euphemism for efficiency.
 Just about time to rock it with  and team.
   - Could not find her song from the link.
  tmwtbg - Go Izzy! K-rod who? 
 Listening to the  from 34,000 feet. Love the  app and  inflight.
  - Feel free to cut and paste. I am sure not making anything on it whatever it is. :)
 RT  The  Albert Pujols has grounded into two DPs in a game for the first time since opening day and second time in ...
 Back at you  See you in the morning in the ATL   
 More good press from  on our  initiative. From eChannelLine USA   
  Love the post-it-note nametag. I am going to keep it on there. 
 Very good interview with the POTUS. Tim Russert-esque IMHO. I went to HS with Mike Clark and his brother.WTAE Pittsburgh 
 I think these are on target. Google Plus: The top 10 missing features 
  - Very possible. I did not see it. Any idea where they are?
 I highly recommend this Page. Steve & Howard are the BEST thinkers on Leadership today. Counter intuitive, but right! 
  There is a fine line, Jess, like "between genius and stupid."
 I have just been referred to as a "knowledge badass"! So much better and cooler than the overused and overblown "thought leader."
 I find it odd that I have 1,070 followers on twitter while I follow, you guessed it 1,070. I do not follow everyone who follows me. Weird?
 The post script on this great video filmed in 2005 is... guess who is out of business! POB Generalist vs  specialist 
  - Well done sir! You exhibit sprezzatura in haiku!
 I once read that in the 1800's attempted suicide was considered a capital offense in the UK. 
  Done!
 RT  Azamba is in the top 30 for the Small Business Influencers award. *Your* vote can help us! 
 From  Your Accounting Update for July 2011  via 
 My boss  winning the  5K. I told him next year he needs to run a 10K instead. 
 Love this! Great audio wrap up of  2011 Summit 2011 Diary  Thx   and 
 Love the curbside pick up. ( Mooyah Burger) [pic]: 
 Thanks to  for the mention in this great summary of the events at   
  - Actually Potty "Education" supplies for our 2.5 year old!
 Noticing that the women play more like real men when it comes to taking dives.  
  A boatload of hard work!
  sorry. :)
 Spent almost exactly $100 at Target, sounds about right.
 And as I watched him on the stage, my hands were clinched in fists of rage. 
  and the entire  events team = sprezzatura --> 
  - Back at you. Thanks for the mention.   
  - I guess I am asking for how they should be "made" to do it? Pass a law?
  - how would you do that?
 STL might possibly have the worst food choices of any airport in North America. 
  - Different - new meaning applied in a different context. Again, "on prem" is fine, "on premise" is NOT!  
  - Actually, I am OK with "effecticiency" and other new words, but there is no reason to change words due to plain ignorance.
 I am going to keep tweeting this until everyone listens -->    
 I just ousted Mark D. as the mayor of Hertz - DCA on  
 Checked in  Oriole Park for the  vs  game w/ MLB.com At Bat 
 The last remnants of  are being removed from the Gaylord. Thank to all the Sage Partners and Customers! 
 Sorry  but this article  appearing in a publication entitled The Progressive Accountant is an oxymoron.
 Sage NA Announces Customer Awards Program Winners  My congrats to all the winners and thanks 4 being a Sage customer.
 Why are Big 4 and Top 100 Firms Slow to Change Business Model?   
 I a, proud to have been the only speaker at  to receive a "Noise violation!" - Thanks for applying the term, 
      - Back at you! 
  - That's what we are hoping! 
 RT   thanks, credit my thought 4 2day 2 2 u. Loved the format, thinking.. all about perception of value.. Gotta see i ...
 RT   - What’s so great about integrated CRM and ERP?    - 
   - Thanks guys!
  Want more info about partner certification? Follow 
 Most authentic keynote I have ever attended - Sean and Leigh Anne Tuohy 
 RT  One size cannot fit all, solutions must be flexible. PH   customer keynoye
 Thanks!  Be better at understanding your customer's needs than your competition.   
   - My boss  won!
 RT   and I reunited by speaking on leadership in Magnolia 2  3PM today, can't wait
  -took the branch ave line four times.
  On "on premise" - I intend to KILL it like the timesheet!
 RT   how ironic that the FAQ for Sage branding is on bestsofware.com. 
  Re: Sage branding on best domain - That IS funny!
  - Back at you my friend! 
 RT  RT  Heard at 5 out of 6 sessions at  - Speak your customers' language, not business jargon. How d ...
 RT  Aries Technology's  shares how they sell knowledge, not software or svcs. The doors this mindset opens a ...
  Thanks for the props.
 Thanks   and  I'm glad you liked the session 
  Thanks Carl.
  I love Sage and   
  How many companies would you passionately work for? Who are the? Send me a DM or  reply. 
 RT  "Why Work Sucks, and What To Do About It" book recommended by  at  session, "Baker's Dozen"
  Create value for their customers.
 RT  The VeraSage Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via   
 RT  Stephen Blythe talking about complacency and change  - whoa, heavy! 
 RT  Congratulations Johnny Pabian - Sage customer excellence winner! 
 RT  "Do you want to build a culture of excellence or a culture of perfection?"  at 
 Sage Launches Partner Cloud Transition Initiative At Annual Conference   Way to go 
 RT   Partner marketing platform should help ease the pain of the brand unification for partners
 RT   Amazing honesty of company executives referring to Sage as a "weak brand."
 RT  I love that our panel questions aren't the easy ones - they are the honest, bold, candid partner questions 
 RT   Onscreen questions from partners are transparent/honest. Give Sage some props for showing this.
 Partners need a CKO! "  Chief People Officer title "intriguing" says Forbes guy.  Equates to Chief Knowledge Officer.”
   the firm of the future is moving from a service economy to a knowledge economy  
 RT  Sage will have a web strategy workshop for partners, 2 days of  looking at 7 specific business models, seeing where  ...
 “ Ed is brilliant! Go Ed!   Thanks boss!
 For the record, it is “on premises”  
 RT  Exciting that Sage is planning to kill the legacy product brands MAS, Peachtree, MIP, etc.  Thousands of VARs gasp  ...
 RT   Tom Miller some people think that I was actually there in 1945 when ENIAC launched..but I wasn't, I was on ...
 RT  Rich Karlgaard: There's been 11 recessions since WWII, and we've recovered from everyone of them. 
 RT  Tom Miller, Ed Kless, Rob Johnson - Firm of the Future announced as strategic for Sage channel 
 RT   keynote some controversial brand initiatives but If they work it could really change the landscape
 RT  Today I announce a significant step, that we will drop the use of our brand names such as Accpac, Peachtree, and MAS ...
  - Sorry I missed you!
 At the  and  session, they are now talking about the waves of innovation. 
  - Welcome to the Twitterverse!
 We're doing pre-con today for accountants that includes a 5:15 panel that is open to ALL and  attendeeds - Chesapeake JKL!
 RT  CPAs: The Firm of the Future: Profitability = Intellectual Capital x Effectiveness x Price (via  at  ...
 According to  a business model is how your company creates value for customers and how you monetize that value. 
 Definition of the knowledge economy - When we take our office to the coffee.  
 If you want the benefits of the new way, we have to completely give up the old. (On burying the billable hour!)  
 You can carbon date a CPA by whether they refer to the Big 8, Big 6, or Final Four!  
 I go after the clients I want, I do not wait for them to find me.  
 Social media, Google, Website is the new front door of your firm.  
 Lead your clients (customers) in the direction they should go.  
 The busiest professionals are those that know how to say "No!"  
 SaaS has a terminology issue and vendors are not helping.  
 Top CPA firms work 3% less, but make 72% more! 2009 numbers.  
 RT  Off to an early Saturday start at  - day one for CPAs and Accountants with   & Ron Baker
 I just ousted romie c. as the mayor of Java Coast on  
 I just became the mayor of National Harbor Metrobus Stop (NH1) on  
 Checked in  Nationals Park for the  vs  game w/ MLB.com At Bat 
 Stadium  for Sean (and me.)! ( Nationals Park w/ 2 others) 
  - You will know John_Shaver soon enough! We should talk about having  at the Simply event.
 RT  Looking forward to great event this Saturday with   and myself at  in DC
 My fav places on  ★ Mi Cocina ★  
 Revisionist? Tricked on the Fourth of July by Gary North 
 Help me unlock Allen, Join me on Scoville  
 RT  Facebook’s Awesome New Thing: Skype-Powered Video Chat? | WebProNews  via 
 RT  The VeraSage Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     ...
  2011 Tweet-Up - Tuesday July 12, 2011 6pm to 7pm: 
 Happy Friday! Baseball Quotes and Sayings 
 With government, nothing is ever temporary - Temporary Federal Unemployment Tax Act FUTA Surtax Expires after 35 Years 
 Government policies have consequences: Companies Are Leaving California in Record Numbers, and It Might Get Worse 
 Pretty Brazen, Even for a Politician 
 A mystery? Not really. Just the division of labor at work  
 I just unlocked the "Ten Hundred" badge on  
 Join  for a deep dive on marketing and selling SageCRM at Summit 2011 --> 
 RT  The VeraSage Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    
 11 Pricing options is insane! Complexity of Office 365 is a good thing... for Google Apps | ZDNet 
 RT  So excited to practice my  presentation for my CPA networking group this am.
 RT  WOW,  hits 4000 attendees
 Great stuff! YouTube - The Morality of Profit 
 He will not be alone. There is a five-year old boy in Texas who will join him.  
  - Yes, and for yesterday's victory in the rubber game. BACK TO .500!
 I love their tag line - a great Italian Restaurant, a heck of an Irish Bar! ( Birra Poretti's ＋) 
 Game  (  vs  game w/ MLB.com At Bat )
 LGM  (  vs  game w/ MLB.com At Bat )
 Jose, Jose, Jose. ( Ballpark At Arlington w/ 100 others) 
 Let's Go Mets! (  vs  game w/ MLB.com At Bat )
 I just unlocked the "Triple Play" badge on  
 Benmosche's call for self-regulation is not the problem. THE ORIGINAL BAILOUT WAS! 
  - Thanks for the RT (and the credit!) ;)
 5 reasons NOT to purchase a billable hour ERP implementation | The Business Management Blog 
 Wear sunscreen --> 
 Neat post from John Chisholm Consulting on the end of the fiscal year in Oz. 
 RT  The Marathon Software Journal is out!  ▸ Top stories today via   
 RT  Sage ACT! Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via      ...
 Great article by  on switching to fixed pricing.  HORA LIBELLUM DELENDA EST!
 I just became the mayor of Bandstand At Haggard Park on  
 "Some of my hours are priceless, some are worthless. I can’t live w/ 1of those prices and you can’t live w/ the other." 
 I'm at JC Penny 
 Father's Day Breakfast! ( The Original Pancake House) 
  Me: 1 You: 1 All comes down to tomorrow!
  - Yeah, yeah. OK. It ain't over till it's over.
 The New York Post Outdoes Itself 
 HORA LIBELLUM DELENDA EST!   
 Excellent article by  - Knowledge management: Do you have the culture?: 
  Thanks for the 
  - I hope you voted for Jack McCoy!
 Could be some fun? - Fictional Lawyer Madness: Your Favorite Fictional Lawyers of the Past 30 Years 
 RT  The VeraSage Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    
 Interesting article by my old boss Collaboration: A Tale of Two CPAs:  via 
 RT  RT  Follow  Endorsed Bloggers      
 Some lessons for all Republicans, not just in FL. Things are worse than you may think | ChronicleOnline.com 
 RT  first time I saw   &   Just like Bull Shit only they're younger.
 You can't make this stuff up-oh, wait Ayn Rand did.Corrupt Obamacare Waiver Process Is Like a Scene from Atlas Shrugged 
 This is great news - Johan Norberg Updates Milton Friedman's Free to Choose 
 Post-Spring priority: Restructuring economies - Opinion - Al Jazeera English:  - The prescription: a freer economy!
 This just in, a town in Germany has just been renamed Dirksburg. 
  is a class act, having Donald Carter take the trophy!
 If Dirk shows up in the second half the  will win.
 RT   lol I read that 49.5 out of 50 states want Mavs to win lmao
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Marion Field on  
 Game three of three. ( Marion Field) 
 Game Two of Three today. ( Shawnee Ball Park) 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Shawnee Ball Park on  
  - Thanks Tim!
 New project management tool. The Estimate Goat 
 At lunch with Kent H. ( California Pizza Kitchen) 
 RT  Awesome webcast today with   and  Looking forward to the workshop in July at  ...
 RT  Learn about the accounting firm of the future - Free webcast with   &  Tomorrow at 2 ...
 RT  Shit.
  - Not if your rooting for the Mets and the Mavs! ;)
  29-22 end of the first quarter
 Yup! 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Dfw Terminal D Parking Garage on  
 RT  Learn about the accounting firm of the future - Free webcast with   and  Register n ...
  - Glad to here my peeps at  are taking good care of you!
 RT  Due to already promising communication & customer service w/ the people running  I'm even more excited for ...
 I just unlocked the "Fresh Brew" badge on  
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Hertz car rental on  
   thanks for the props.
 Honored! RT  This is who to follow:       Get with it!!  
 I just ousted  as the mayor of B. F. Phillip Spark Park on  
 Texas Politicians Back Off Anti-TSA Bill After Being Warned Of Potential Flight Loss 
 I just became the mayor of Java In Hilton on  
  - Thanks, it is so true though isn't it!
 I just ousted Tricia V. as the mayor of Sublime Chocolate on  
 I just ousted Terri P. as the mayor of DFW Gate C10 on  
 I'm at John Wayne Airport (SNA) (18601 Airport Way, Santa Ana) w/ 21 others 
  thanks for the rt earlier this week. I am glad you liked it.
 Check this video out -- Tom Miller: Why attending  is important 
 At the sanctum sanctorum of Libertarianism. ( Cato Institute w/ 2 others) [pic]: 
 The first blog post from my friend Kirk Bowman. Well done! On Mutual Qualification 
  yup!
 Long story short, business valuation is a judgment not a measurement. The more you measure, the less likely you actually know 
  I would think the Firm of the Future would be more open than white guys over fifty.
 “  Thought on Twitter for B2B or B2C?  My thought - the are all P2P.
 At the CPA Firm of the Future session at  - curiously there is only one woman in the room.
 RT   FB ads are great because you can specifically target the profile by state, hobbies, job title and more  ...
 If none of your current customers are on social media, consider googling "selection bias." 
 Just once I want to hear a keynote speaker who does not fall into the zero-sum myth. PS - Customers are NOT prey! 
 Went through micro screener with CATO pocket Constitution in hand. I can't afford to protest by not flying, but this worked.
 I just ousted CJ B. as the mayor of Jack in the Box on  
 I just unlocked the "School Night" badge on  
 Happy Easter! ( Our Lady of Angels) 
 Game 5 of 5! Let's Go Allen! ( Allen Event Center w/ 3 others) 
  No piano necessary. Just a desire to destroy long held beliefs.
 Microsoft tries to undo the damage it has done to the world via Powerpoint. I hope MS Project is next on the hit list. 
  - Thanks for the mention. I got my suit at Nordstroms. I like the pink tie.
 RT  The Most Successful Store No One Cares About: Apple's iTunes Posts A Record $1.4 Billion Quarter 
 I just ousted J Stephen S. as the mayor of Williams Sonoma - Northpark on  
 After almost 8 years in Texas, I felt it was time for me to become a real Southern gentleman, my seersucker suit will be unveiled on Easter.
 Happy Easter Everyone! 
 Family ice cream night! ( Braum's) 
 What is Mixtent on LinkedIn and why are people voting for me?
 When are we going to rein these people inn? - TSA Says 'You Might Be A Terrorist If... You Complain About The TSA' 
 RT  The 90 Minds Consulting Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    ...
 I just unlocked the " 2011" badge on  
 My article on the Firm of the Future: A New Model for VARs in Virtual-Strategy Magazine  Thanks 
 About to watch Atlas Shrugged. ( Harkins Theatres Southlake 14 w/ 4 others) 
 AMEN! Leave Barry Bonds Alone!!! 
 Atlas Shrugged: The Movie - Reason Magazine  (via Instapaper)
 RT  "All Transformation is linguistic." -Werner Erhard. <Nowhere is this better illustrated than this short video> ht ...
 Must read article. 5 American Myths that Help Keep Us Stuck as a Nation 
 The coming battle is Goole v Apple  RT  What Is Google Getting at With Chrome OS for Tablets? 
 Just emailed a note from  to  Penultimate. Come in as a jpg and is fully searchable.
  Thanks for the plug of the workshop.
  thanks for the RT
 I just ousted Justin C. as the mayor of First United Methodist Church of Allen on  
 Just uninstalled the memory hog (over 100 MB idle) that is Skype 5, in favor of the much lighter Skype 4.2 (38MB). 
 This article of mine on the Firm of the Future was picked up on HR.com. My thanks to  and  
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Our Lady of Angels on  
 Video -- What it means to be a libertarian  via 
 RT  India's sex ratio: Where have India's baby girls gone? Economist Daily Chart 
 Fascinating. )
 RT  You won't want to miss Bob Scott ( in our CPA Editor Panel at  
 RT  RT  RT  Video on why accountants need to be at  ( workshop w (cont) http: ...
 Just tried the dark sipping chocolate. Yeah, it is really good. ( Sublime Chocolate) 
 likes High Flying, Adored by Original Cast Recording on Ping  
 Data.gov & 7 Other Sites to Shut Down After Budgets Cut
 Can't... stop... laughing... via  - Existence Of Edible Arrangements Disproves Central Tenets Of Capitalism 
 Tomorrow Is Today at Sage Summit 2011 sponsored by the Sage Accountants Network  featuring 
 Before There Was Management  (via Instapaper)
 RT  LawPivot Seeks To Slash Startup Legal Fees: A server might cost only $100 a year for a startup... 
 Loving the new feature in Google Chrome where you type a web site name, hit tab, then type what you want to search for on that site.
 Seth Godin on Originality 
 Before There Was Management  - Great essay on sizes of teams and even firms.
 Thanks  and  for the RT!
 Self-sufficiency is not a route to prosperity, for individuals or nations.
 I just ousted Phouvong S. as the mayor of Mooya Burgers & Fries on  
 Hockey night in Frisco! ( Dr Pepper Arena w/ 3 others) [pic]: 
 Any one question whether or not TSA has gone too far? One woman's story: TSA - Sexual Assault 
 Great stuff is coming fast a furious today! RT  Are you a Black Swan?  with 
 New post --> Hedgehog Revisited - Last week while delivering a Sage Business Strategy Workshop, the group had a dial... 
 Great article from my friend and mentor  on pricing and self-esteem (or lack thereof)--> 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Hedgehog Revisited 
 Take 23 minutes and watch this from reason.com: Rand Paul on the Intellectual Bankruptcy of *Both* Major Parties 
 I liked a YouTube video -- Who should the Libertarian Party target? by John Jay Myers 
 RT  Google Turns Word Comments, A Necessary Office Evil, Into Discussions  -by 
 Self sufficiency is not the key to prosperity.
 If you are Libertarian minded and live in Texas, please review this call to action regarding HB 418 
 Demand Atlas Shrugged Part 1 in Dallas at Eventful - 
 RT  Will you be our next winner? Nominations are now being accepted for the annual Sage Customer Awards Program -  ...
 Ah, yes, gov't is, surprise, a part of the current NFL situation - Reason.tv Breaks Down the NFL Labor Lockdown Mess 
 In short, it didn't suck way as much as he thought it was going to. Brian Doherty Reviews Atlas Shrugged: Part One 
 Interesting! The Changing Way That Math Is Taught To Children 
  - Kinda avoid the English when my Irish is up. ;)
 I just loaded Flipboard onto my iPad and frankly, this app alone, justifies having an iPad.
 I have almost 600 songs in my collection with the Genre of "Irish". I could go 36 hours without hearing the same track.
 New post --> “Being You” as a job description - As a Met fan I received a brief human interest story in my RSS reade... 
 When It Comes To Enterprise Software, It's The Contract, Stupid -- InformationWeek 
 Amused that when ordering the 2 chsbrgr meal, but with no cheese they still put them in chsbrgr wrappers and write "no cheese".
 Is the Fourth Amendment dead? ( Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) ✈ w/ 112 others) 
 A review of Sage's new web-based accounting program available in the UK. (Registration required to view.) 
 Delivering a Customer Experience Workshop in Chicago. ( Westin Chicago Northwest) 
 Is it me or is Charlie Sheen becoming more like Charlie Manson everyday? I am pretty sure we are a week away from a swastika  on his face.
 Interesting write up about the making of the opening sequence for Dexter. --> 
  Done!
 The Westin has a sign up in the shower telling me that I might not want to use the Heavenly Shower Head in order to save the Earth. 
 If you think oil companies are going to turn huge profits this year due to gas prices increasing, here is a tip - Invest in an oil co.
 Added my about.me profile -  - grab your profile today!
 New post --> Texas Travelers’ Dignity Acts - I salute State Representative David Simpson (R-Longview) who has introd... 
  - If we came back in a year, what excuses are we likely to use when it does not work?
 Most people plan, but it is important to answer the question "Why plan?"  
 At  with  - On Marketing the Professional Knowledge Firm.
 Well said. RT  The employer's job is to create very clear goals and expectations. 
 From the G. Robert Newhart Non-Value-Added Fellow, Greg Kyte on the Billable Hour 
 With the Sage partner programs team to plan new and exciting stuff for Sage partners. Any suggestions? 
 If the last business book you have read was Good to Great, it is time to pick up something new. 
 For those of you who get your economic lessons from  this is from the Congressional Budget Office. 
 In case you were wondering where the TARP funds went. My least favorite - Ally Bank (aka GMAC Financial Services) who …
 I just ousted Jason K. as the mayor of Vivian Stark McCallum Park on  
 New post --> Legal Intelligence–an oxymoron - Yesterday, the Wall Street Journal ran what is I believe an annual sto... 
 New post --> My Sessions at Summit 2011 - With registration going live for Sage’s partner and customer conference Su... 
 I just ousted Christine K. as the mayor of Barton Black, CPA on  
 RT  The SBA has a program called "Entrepreneurship Boot Camp for Veterans with Disabilities." Not a cool name if the veteran i ...
 I favorited a YouTube video -- 'Morning Joe' makes startling discovery: The media has a... 
 New post --> Customer Service Transparency - MAS 90 Guru, Wayne Schulz told me about a cool customer service feedbac... 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Mike Heidenreich Finishes the Austin Marathon 
 New post --> Sesame Street for Knowledge Workers - Last Sunday, my wife and I brought my son, Sean, and daughter, Ca... 
 New post --> On Foreign Aid and Military Spending - In half a dozen places on Facebook and other online places, my m... 
 I really like Patri Friedman (Milton's grandson) - He is right we Libertarians are over invested in think tanks! 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Imagination Movers Cover I've Got a Feeling 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- Brainstorming! by the Imagination Movers on Playhouse Di... 
 New post --> TCMOOTITATIWWWPWAUTC - The colossal misunderstanding of our time is the assumption that insight will wo... 
  pitchers and catchers report today! Life begins when the season starts.
 New post --> I am NOT Against Efficiency! - There, I said. I hope everyone is happy now. Once again the subject of e... 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Mooya Burgers & Fries on  
 New term for timesheets - social business system - new name, same evil side effects! Thanks  !
  - Yeah, even my tweetdeck columns got to be unmanageable.
 Giving Twitter another shot. Been on FB, but twitter had me overwhelmed.
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- National Anthem Auditions 
 New post --> How NOT to handle customer consultations - Recently, a friend of mine passed along a newsletter she rec... 
 New post --> How NOT to handle customer consultations - Recently, a friend of mine passed along a newsletter she rec... 
 New post --> On Creativity - Matthew Burgess, an attorney at McCullough Robertson in Brisbane, Australia and member ... 
 I just ousted Brandon C. as the mayor of Hilton DFW Lakes Executive Conference Center on  
 New post --> I think I found the problem with TSA - On a recent return trip from the Bay Area, I snapped this photo ... 
 New post --> Forget Being Effective, Be Efficacious - Most of you, I am sure, are familiar with the scene in the cla... 
 Campaign for Liberty - Audit the Fed 
 New post --> On Why Specialization Often Fails - My friend, VeraSage Senior Fellow and author of the new and essenti... 
 New post --> Personal After Action Reviews–Parent and Child Editions 
 New post --> Your Vote Needed–Best Timesheet Video - Below is a list of videos I found on youtube that are related t... 
 New post --> A Question on Pricing and Resource Planning - Some weeks ago I received the following email from Wayne ... 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- The Week in Stupid: Cable Pundits on the Gifford Shooting 
 New post --> Links to Summit 2011 Social Media Sites - Being friends with one of the event planners is a very good t... 
 New post --> Don’t Let This Happen to You - As you can see I cannot find anything at snopes.com that debunks this so... 
 New post --> Cool New Tool – tungle.me - My thanks to Sage partner Wayne Schulz at Schulz Consulting for turning me ... 
 I liked a YouTube video -- FedEx Express Ad: Retirement 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- FedEx Express Ad: Retirement 
 I liked a YouTube video -- Yes Prime Minister Survey 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- Yes Prime Minister Survey 
 New post --> A Different, but Authentic, Job Ad - Earlier this week, I had the opportunity to work with a Sage partn... 
 RT  Allen Texas in the building!!!!  with 2 early TDS for the  
 New post --> Memories of Customer Conferences Past - Note to readers: This post is focused on Sage Partners. If you ... 
 I just ousted Carter G. as the mayor of Kroger Gas Station on  
 New post --> A Call for Ideas - I have been asked to deliver a four hour session for Sage Partners at Summit 2011 on... 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- Ayn Rand on Donahue 1979 (1/5) 
 I've favourited a YouTube video -- Ayn Rand on Israel and the Middle East 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Christmas Tree 2009 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Klessmastime 
 I liked a YouTube video -- ChatterBox Blogger Episode 1 Fangirlism 
 New post --> Wealth vs. Poverty - Political mentor of mine, David Hall, recently turned me on to a new Google labs w... 
 I just unlocked the "Jobs" badge on  
 I just became the mayor of Dr. Ross Miller on  
 I just unlocked the "Super Mayor" badge on  
 I favorited a YouTube video -- Proof Trailer - Sound Redesign 
 New post --> On the end of DADT, but a troubling image - Note to readers: While running for Texas State Senate, I ke... 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Entries for 2010 Heidenreich Family Cookie Decorating Conte 
 Looking forward to another day working on a new Academy experience for  partners with  and 
 I just ousted Joel U. as the mayor of Fireside Pies - Grapevine on  
