 Chase allows to deposit checks by taking picture of them. Wonder if I can deposit cash by taking picture of the bill...
  i guess its good, since its been on for last 7 days and I havent plugged it in yet. Plus screensavers w/ads always on(-$25 edition)
 Kid Koala was awesome! Gave me a goosebumps! ( La Fête de Marquette w/ 25 others) 
  Just got the Kindle! I like it so far.E-ink! + 75% of textbooks available on amazon; not too many in iBooks. $165(free3G) vs $500
 Have you caught an OOS (Obama Optimism Syndrome)?
  
 Prosser Grabs Reporter's Microphone, Quickly Hands It Back (VIDEO) 
 Which American Restaurant Chains Might Go Under?  via 
 America's 10 Most Rapidly Aging Cities  with Madison in it
 Antonyms: Keep to the left. No, the other left! | The Economist  via 
 We need more videos like this - The Story of Bottled Water (2010) 
 Listen to Lou Reed - Walk On The Wild Side  
 Garbage "recycling" suburb of Cairo - 
 Awesome dorm interiors! - 
 Check this video out -- Tribe meets white man for the first time -  Reddit!  via 
 Beautiful! Check this video out -- SON LUX "Break" 
 Awesome quote from Al Jazira English Executive "We don't reduce the world to the sound bite". This is basically what other news networks do
 Kindle, Nook or iPad 2?
 What's At The Heart Of The Battles In Wisconsin?  via 
 I'm at Umami Dumpling & Ramen Bar (923 Williamson Street, Madison) 
 where to rent in Santa Monica/West LA/Westwood/Beverly Hills ?
 Remember this- ? Apparently, it came from Afghanistan, music by Ahmad Zahir Tanha Shodam Tanha 
 I'm at Marquette Waterfront Festival 
 Brand Reversioning by Graham Smith | Bored Panda 
 A woman with no fear could help traumatised soldiers - Telegraph 
 I'm at Bandung Indonesian Restaurant (600 Williamson St., btw Blair & Blount, Madison) 
 She's 74!  Ernestine Shepherd: Building a Better Body at Any Age -  
 Going to Dodgeville in 20min
 Seeing so many "recall walker" stickers all over Madison, makes me believe walker's first name is "recall" 
 have u noticed any changes since AOL bought out huffpost?
 I'm at Goodman Community Center Fitness Center 
 I'm at Victory Cafe (2714 Atwood Ave., Madison) 
 I'm at The Weary Traveler (1201 Williamson, Madison) 
 I'm at Willalby's Cafe (1351 Williamson St., Dickinson St., Madison) 
 I'm at Hong Kong Wok (702 Midvale Blvd, Hilldale, Madison) 
 Things just get better and better! Gas prices go down!
 LG dual screen? Seriously sprint?
 When is the time when I finally get tired of this trek? Faithless - Insomnia (Joachim Garraud Personal Rem... at 
 CSU Chico welcomes you as a student! Thank you, CSU Chico!
 Enjoying my 1st ever Thursday off. Very odd feeling, vacation-like
 Now, being admitted to the most Grad Schools I applied to, I can tell you this: under no circumstances do ur credential evaluation at ECE!
 Admitted to Cal State, Chico MBA! Wow, so excited!
 Looking for an "affordable" apt in Santa Monica CA. Search results - 3
 For Mother’s Day, Gilt Groupe has you covered. Shop the perfect gifts for all the moms in your life! >>   - ad
 John Legend - Rolling in the Deep (Adele Cover) at 
 Lykke Li - Lykke Li I Know Places DJSB Remix at 
  Thank you!
 it is Pepperdine! Yep, moving to Malibu, CA in July. Love you Madison!
 Working Man's Death - Heroes (Ukraine).  
 I'm at L'etoile (1 S. Pinckney St., Madison) [pic]: 
 The Frames - Rise at   
 I'm at La Baguette (7424 Mineral Point Road, Madison) 
 Learn Ayapaneco! Language at risk of dying out – the last two speakers aren't talking  via 
 yay, things get better & better! University of Baltimore/Towson MBA. I'm in! Comes down to: Chicago, DC, Malibu or SanFran?
  thank you!
 Natural Capitalism: The Next Industrial Revolution 
 upcoming concert: Nellie Wilson and the Hellbound Honeys  Frequency.  I'm going!
 Birdy - skinny Love at 
   это бесплатный невидимый вайфай
 Beautiful Libya's deserts and oases - 
 Good morning, Madison! I see the sun!
 Check this out!  'Art in the Streets' street art exhibit feat. Banksy, Mister Cartoon, Retna & more.    - ad
 I'm at Monona Terrace Community and Convention Center‎ (1 John Nolen Dr, Martin Luther King Jr Blvd, Madison) 
 I just unlocked the "4sqDay 2011" badge on  
 Patrick Watson - Firewood at 
 LIES, LIES, LIES WALKER KEEPS LYING 5 Key Admissions Made Under Oath 
 Presidio GradSchool Sustainable MBA or Pepperdine MBA?
 So good! The Velvet Underground  Nico - Femme Fatale at 
 Paper enabling platform 4 cell-based assays 4 basic research & medical diagnostics in resource-ltd envir-ts  
 James Vincent McMorrow - If I Had A Boat at 
 I'm at Cheeseburgers In Paradise (1601 Aspen Commons, Greenway Blvd., Middleton) 
 Had a heated discussion about Indians, casinos, etc in MATC a couple years ago. I admit, I was wrong - 
 Which state eyed as model for immigration reform? Utah! 
 I'm at Crystal Corner Bar (1302 Williamson St, Madison) 
 I'm at West Towne Mall (66 West Towne Mall, Gammon Rd, Madison) w/ 3 others 
 
 I'm at Merchant (121 S Pickney Street, Doty, Madison) 
 Edward Sharpe  The Magnetic Zeros - Home (RAC Mix) at 
 Gov. Scott Walker Chose Top Donor’s 26-Year-Old Dropout Son Over PhD And Engineer 
 RT  RT   
 Beatboxer THePETEBOX beatbox and guitar cover of Pixies - Where Is My Mi.. 
 RT  RT   is all over the world. From Mexico:  | Attend the  &  ...
 Video from our RuMadison alumni who is Prof. at Univ of Alberta. Plz Like it!
 Playing at Alliant Energy Center, Madison on 04/ 8/11 not  Orpheum! Bassnectar - Bass Head (Official) 
 Listen to Rusko - Everyday (Netsky Remix) at  
 Google Street View Pictures - Rod Stewart Fan Club delivers - 
 This is great! Three Big Pigs  
 I'm at Lao Laan-Xang (2098 Atwood Ave, Madison) 
 on the phone with david koch-   
 I'm at Green Mill Restaurant - Bloomington (1201 W 94th St, Bloomington) 
 I'm at Starbucks (7805 Southtown Center, Penn Avenue, Bloomington) 
 I'm at Holiday Inn (1201 West 94th St, 94th St & 35W, Bloomington) 
 I'm at Underground Kitchen (127 E Mifflin St, N Webster St, Madison) 
 whats the point of Brennan's? Imported fruit packaged as local for the triple cost?
 Santogold - I\'m A Lady (Diplo Mix Ft Amanda Blank... at 
 Funny!    
 RT  Up to 100,000 protest Wisconsin law curbing unions   
 RT  RT  Scott Walker said he would create 250K JOBS, but all he's created is 250K PROTESTERS.   ...
 Yes! People's Party    
  get this  - 
 RT   check this out RT   Photo: At least 150,000 people rallying on Capitol Square in ...
 Real Time With Bill Maher-New Rules (3/11/11)    
 Recall    
 Scott Walker's WAR ON STATE OF WISCONSIN- WHAT'S NEXT? - Erpenbach to the People     
 RT   It seems the greatest threat to our democracy isn't coming from Mideast Terrorists, it's coming from Midwest ...
 RT  Not just a protest, but a movement to take back our country from the effin corporations.     The st ...
  you are a radical, extremist, arrogant, ignorant, worthless piece of crap. you get back all you've done to people of this state
 RT  Watching The UpTake  via  
 RT  Dave Obey Believes! 
 RT  “ 20 lies from Scott Walker ” 
 RT  Pensions are funded by union workers not taxpayers.   lied.       ...
 RT  Wisconsin Republicans getting nervous about being recalled.   
 RT  Milwaukee Journal Sentinel Says Walker is Lying About an Electoral Mandate to End Collective Bargaining  ...
 RT  Video of the Hudson, WI pro and anti-worker rights rally now streaming here:   
 Watching TeaParty crooks bus tour     
 Watch Livestream from the Capitol - The UpTake    
 RT  When TEA Party arrives in Madison Sunday leave them no trash to pick up. 
 RT  Scott Walker Mismanagement Files:    Walker will turn your state into a Ghetto to enrich his donors.  ...
 RT  Moore: your message has aroused people in all 50 states. That message is "We have had it!"...we are all Wisconsinit ...
 RT  I will be speaking in person at 2pm today at the State Capitol in Madison, WI. Honored to be here.   
 Watch Rotunda live. Democracy in action!     up and running
   at this point I prefer he'd resign in shame
 Raskolnikov: Path to Epic Fail     
  looks like innocent lives will pay in any case
 RT  The Truth " Scott Walker says basically to 14 Dems that he'll ruin 1500 lives if they don't return.  Asshole.  ...
 Hey, those of you undecided workers, WATCH THIS  -     
 RT  Way to go,  for another compelling video: . 
 That is so GREAT! Check Panoramic Capitol Protest Photos Ground Zero in Wisconsin 
 RT  RT Plz counter lies spread by the DOA who said $7,500,000 damage done to capitol. Judge and historic preservationist s ...
  Thank you!
  try harder! look for those blocking path in ur mirror
  Awesome!
 Watch Rotunda live. Democracy in action!     
  Thank you for standing strong, show Lawrence this video with bunch of slobs 
 CNN.com: Spitzer vs Senator Fitzgerald: 'Is it fair?' -     
 ANOTHER EPIC PIECE (3) FROM MATT - Watch WI "Budget Repair Bill" Protest (Feb 20-24?)!    
 RT  Guests for Friday’s  include:   Tracey Ullman, Gloria Steinem and T.C. Boyle. READ:  ...
 READ about WI! :   
 RT  Rasmussen Poll: Majority of Wisconsinites Side With Unions On Collective Bargaining   
 I think, its time - Go to Wisconsin, President Obama   
 RT  Hahaha!  Now there are palm trees in Madison!  Funny pic      Better  ...
 RT  "...where free unions and collective bargaining are forbidden, freedom is lost." -- Ronald Reagan, Labor Day 1980 
 RT  WI losing 300 yr humanity's hardf-fought advancement: union busting, monarchical ruling elite, slavery for workers, eco ...
 RT  Slow Jam with Jimmy Fallon; The News: Wisconsin Protests (3/2/11)  
 RT  Brilliant! Jimmy Fallon & Brian Williams Slow Jam Wisconsin Protests (3/2/11)   
 RT  Sen.  asks "Is this healthy?"        ...
 RT  Happy "Nat'l Call Sen Grothman Day" 2day! Celebrate free speech & rollover mins. 262-689-8421.     ...
 Wanna have fun riding along with teabaggers? Sign up here -   . Kochs provide tours across WI  
 RT  Grothman thinks protesters are "partying" in the state capital because he sees drums and signs instead of guns and rascal  ...
 Went thru  least 5 recall pages 4 rep.senators/govr & 12 petitions sites. Webmasters, stop making recall pages! Organize!  
   J.Erpenbach: As much as we want to be home,all 14 of us remain in Illinois. Thanks for all the support!  
 RT  Walker's "proposal included a significant budget reduction for UW System and UW-Madison," says Biddy Martin. 
  privatize the best public schools in nation, UW - no chance for middle class family to get kids college educated. Destroying 
 See  what happens when u elect arrogant uneducated slob as governor  
 RT   RT  Breaking: NO DEMOCRATIC SENATORS ARE IN WISCONSIN ~ Repeat No Dems SEN in WI. Teacrap lies!! 
 RT  Well put State Sen Jon Erpenbach .."What's going on in  is a Hostile Corporate Takeover"    ...
 check  claiming DNC/OfA behind our protests  
  this one is much worse -pure evil
 RT  Record corporate profits, no new jobs, cuts in pay and benefits. Abolishment of rights.  Way to go GOP!   ...
  so dont
 RT  RT  I thought Scott Walker was only interested in busting the unions. Turns out, he wants to bust democra ...
 RT  Most notably Walker's address didn't mention the historical and epic sized 14 day long 100K strong protest outside his of ...
 RT  Walker to make "the tough decisions"? Like punting on $165m refinancing so WI pays $42m more over 10 years?   ...
 RT   holy shit you asshole, you are BRAINDEAD. Have you heard anything we have said?!?!?!?!?! GODDDDD 
 FYI, UW Madison gets spitted from UW system. WHY? - Privatization. 1st step.   
 RT  Concrete barricades being installed around Capitol  
 RT  RT  On Day 16, they used orange snow fences to keep us away & still we did not go  
   doesnt bother 2 send a reporter, asks us 2 provide video 
  at this point? nobody does
 RT  State st entrance    
 RT  URGENT! Each rep can bring in 8 constituents. Find out who yours is and call, get one by 4! . ...
      Thats what I heard, couple left
      confirmed?
 RT  throw the bum out! RT  Wisconsin: Scott Walker tanking | Michael Tomasky  via   ...
 Anyone has the video of teaparty supporters getting smuggled into Capitol through the tunnel?
  thank you
 RT  If I got u vuvuzuela or u have 1, airhorns, loudspeakers. Bring them 2 Cap by 4. We need 2 be LOUD!  Please RT.
 RT  Hearing that tea party protesters are being smuggled into the capital via tunnel as last night's rumors predicted.   ...
 Rally outside Capitol I'm watching seiu1199wko's live broadcast -Come join me  !  
   they dont care abt any petitions,evn court ruling, the only option now -RECALL SENAT/ASSEMBLY-
 RT  Informative  article on Gov. Walker and  state budget (finally!)  -      ...
 Reading:     
  URGE YOU TO LISTEN - Erpenbach to the People    
  take that piece of government you created back! we dont need him here!  
 RT  BREAKING: The restraining order is in place. CAPITOL DOORS ARE OPEN TO THE PUBLIC! Capacity = 9000. Spread this news far ...
 RT  RT  Judge orders Wisconsin Capitol open to general public.   
  they negotiated. where is the public option?
  voters
 RT  RT  VIDEO:  Justin Ruben talks about  & the "Save The American Dream" rallies on MSNBC:htt ...
 "YAY! Restraining order GRANTED. Capitol must remain open to public during buiness hours!"  
 RT  Hey  this protest is not about trying to get in and "heckle the Governor." I just turned your station off.  ...
 RT  Hey,  only you can end the crisis you manufactured... Just take back the tax cuts you handed out in Jan. 
 RT  TON of blankets here now, so that people not originally planning to stay have decided to! Twitter, you did this!  ...
 RT  "The Governor  is lying."    
 Thank you!! RT  RT  Walkerville Pic -   -  
 RT  Re-tweet if U support the Fabulous 14 Democratic Senators staying out of state no matter what!    ...
 RT  Rally for Workers’ Rights at 2 PM Tuesday; Governor to Deliver Budget Address at 4 PM   
  He did not fire him. Check before u tweet plz
 RT  RT  Official Senators/Assembly/Governor Recall Info:   
 From the creators of  read -    
