  I just followed you - can you follow me then I can send you a direct message (Twitter won't let me send a DM otherwise) Thanks.
  I would love to know how your traffic increased - any ROI you can give me, etc. Want to sign with them, need ROI before I do.
 can use help - does anyone use HubSpot and what is your experience?  Need references ASAP. Thanks!
 REGISTER: 6/29 FREE WinITPro Virtl Trdshw. - hear Greg Shields discuss  Hyper-V 's Biggest Backup Failures   
 Good article - Aligning SEO with Marketing     media  
 RT  RT  Summer Reading List: 33 Must Read Social Media and Marketing Books      ...
 RT  Blog post about my second Best of  interview -- AppAssure Replay 4 -- 
 Great Post from Penton! Best of TechEd Finalist: AppAssure Replay 4 Changes the Backup/Restore Game    
 Come see us, Best of Tech Ed finalist, at 1937 at 
 Is at Penton's Social Media Elistening bfst    
 Congrats     frank gruber, Miles Gilburne, & more friends/collegues!  
 RT  How to manage a webinar that rocks! 
 PAY UP! Bloggers Filing Class Action Suit Against Arianna Huffington And Aol   via 
 GREAT article by   Facebook and Email are NOT distractions, but necessities!    
 Female reporter: Being barred from Augusta locker room 'inexcusable' -   
 Ad Optimizer Rocket Fuel Takes Another $6.6 Million In Funding  via   
 RT  Apple keeping iPhone 5 suppliers mum about launch date 
 Good for SB! RT AOL Loses Original Endgadget Team to SB Nation   
 RT  FREE webinar, Achieving Server Recovery in Minutes through Virtualization, at 2pm ET today   
 Vegas baby! RT we will be at booth 544 at  next week - would love to hear your Backup & Recovery stories - come by and...
 RT  On 3/4 11th Annual Potter's Bowl-soups from local restaurants, $ for a cause & keep the bowl!  
  will be  this week in Seattle! Steve Toole will keynote   
 RT  Study: Social marketing use high among small businesses	
 AOL buys Huffington Post       
 Join  &  2pET for a discussion "The Cloud and Its Impacts - Backup & Recovery"   
 Federated Media promotes COO, Deanna Brown, to CEO - way to go Deanna!      
 RT  FREE Webinar at 11a ET "How to Recover Mission Critical Apps FAST! 'In a few minutes' FAST!"   
  sure, I voted for your btw (DCTweeps) - hope you had a nice holiday!
 it was great to see  as a finalist for  Very cool Bethanne! 
 FREE webinar TODAY,12p ET - Virtual Environments - 7 Essential Backup Capabilities     
 Yum RT  don't forget our smooth coffee to compliment your holiday parties & family gatherings.    
 Howard signs for FIVE more years!!      
 RT  Server Mag. Selects Replay 4 as “Editor’s Choice” for Microsoft SQL Server Backup:   
 Be careful what you wear! RT TSA Fashion Faux Pas: What Not to Wear on Security Line    
 RT  Check out our new FREE webinar - Recover Mission Critical Applications FAST!    
 true! RT  wonder what marketing genius chose Sat. of Thanksgiving weekend to celebrate Small Biz Sat.?!  
 RT  Small Biz Jobs Act w/ has my applause. Let's keep the $ in small biz pockets- keep them growing!  
 RT  I'm hiring: Help Desk Analyst at AppAssure Software - Washington D.C. Metro Area   
 Check out AppAssure's FREE webinar  12p ET TODAY-Cloud Recovery vs. Tape Backup – Why SMBs Are Making The Switch  
  Recovery Hour with Datto was fun! Thanks to all SMB Nation attendees who joined us!  
 Tonite   in El Dorado room is the  Recovery Hour -drinks, food and enter iPad drawing!
 yep!  great time meeting  at SMB Nation! Don't forget to stop by the Datto booth - 1st one on the right. 
 in 10 minutes the AppAssure FREE webinar on Virtual Recovery within Minutes is starting!  Register here:   
 RT  Virtual Recovery Within Minutes FREE webinar at 3p ET TODAY -     
 Checking out  features: profile image rotation, DM and follower de-spam, follower management, reciprocity scores...
 SharePoint one was great! RT Check out our free Backup and Recovery events here: 
 RT  Ex-AOL Media Boss Bill Wilson Takes On $144.9 Billion Local Ad Market As Chief Dig Officer At Townsquare  ...
 SQL Server‐Specific Concerns: Single‐Object Recovery, Corruption, and Off‐Location Restores  
 It's a great day for small businesses!  More funding, more write offs!      
 RT  cu TODAY-  all-level yoga 9am in Charles Town- 235 W. Wash. St.:    
 RT  sample our coffee  The Plains 9/11-12 -  & polo. Use coupon code EM323 for a $10 discount here -  ...
 RT  I AM a coffee fanatic, it's all about quality - check out my coffee philosophy here:    ...
 mm! RT  THIS MORNING I'm  Charles Town Farmer's Market til noon.     
 RT  volunteer w/ elderly/disabled in Jeff. Co. - next training is 8/17 in Shepherdstown, WV   
 RT  all-level yoga w/me TODAY  9am in Charles Town, WV 235 W. Wash. St.:    
 Bethesda-Chevy Chase Class of '80 Reunion coming SOON. Alums email me at  BCCClassof1980 for your invite.  
 is  surviving the Shannondale "storm" (I saw a tornado!) yesterday - it could have been SO much worse!  
 RT  TOMORROW I will be teaching Yoga at the MCC  in Harpers Ferry, WV (Mission Rd/off Route 9)  
 RT   20th Century Fox VP on   (    
 Vote for Harpers Ferry Middle School in the Kohl's Cares for Kids $10M Giveback Contest!    
 I just voted for The Ablegamers Foundation Inc to win $250k on Chase Community Giving!    
 RT  Watch Emmy Nominations NOW here:     
 Oh no! James! RT  Say it isn't so! Agent 007 is dead!?! :       
 Nice!  RT  Friends are kisses blown to us by angels.  Unknown 
 RT ChiefHotMomma: Nominate a role-model for women and girls:The Hot Mommas Project   
 for  I recommend     and 
 check out yoga TONITE, 7:15p, all-levels the Mountain Comm. Ctr, Harpers Ferry. (Mission Rd, off Rt.9)  
  thanks for the presentation links.
 So true! RT  "empowered women build communities"    
 Feds Ok Box Office Futures Trading:         
 Sounds good! RT  Prepping for  panel w   on Getting Strategic w SocMed  
 LOL I've been there! RT  There are 8 14-year-old girls in my home [silent scream]
 GO ppl! RT  overheard last night "like if Burning Man and Comic Con had a baby"   
 RT  Whoa -  registration is now at 4279. Didn't know if we'd break 4000 in the first year. 5k next?
 Good info: RT   Calacanis has a great infographic comparing the iPhone 3G to iPhone4 :  
 I wonder who the "ex" is? RT  AOL's 25th Birthday from the eyes of his "ex":    
 OM! RT  yoga class TONITE, 7:15p  the Mountain Comm. Ctr. in Harpers Ferry. (Mission Rd, off Rt.9)  
 Yum! RT  Jeff.Co, WV  orders in TODAY get delivered TOMORROW.       
 D.C. is Key to Film Futures Trading -Box office exchanges await decisions by Feds.      
  cool thanks. Hope you are feeling better.
  very interesting! I haven't met one here in Harpers Ferry yet, but will keep an ear open.
 RT  Yahoo Buys Indonesian Location Based Mobile Services Provider      
 TOMORROW  8:30p Open Mic  proceeds to help Good Shepherd Caregivers programs     
 TUESDAY  Yoga  9a & 6:15p in C'twn   West Washington Street:     
 LOL! RT today mark the 25th bday of AOL. Do y'all remember those chat rooms? ...staying in there for hours can't sleep. 
 Thx Amy I am in the back RT  Ted Leonsis reflecting on AOL .... 
 Ted Leonsis takes the stage intro by Bankoff & Lynn - memories! 
 Is loving  video at AOL 25th - need a copy! 
 RT  RT  Celebrating AOL 25th anniversary!  Remarkable to consider it's been that long.
 It is officially AOL Day in the state of Virginia    
 RT  Posted earlier today: 8 Ways to Integrate Social Media and Online Advertising:  
 RT  Barnes & Noble launch PubIt  platform for indie publisher to distro digitally thru ebookstore  
 Yahoo Snaps Up Assoc,Content for $90 Mil. to Compete With AOL & Demand Media     
 Yoga! RT  TODAY  9a & 6:15p in C'twn   West Washington Street:     
 Going :-) RT  Join me for yoga today at 9a! In  Mission Rd/Route 9 :  
 Join, she's good! RT  Join my yoga page in Facebook - events & info:     
 For FF you must check out        
 Nice! RT  my yoga class is in Harpers Ferry, WV this morning. Schedule here:     
 Yay! RT  TODAY:FIRST day  County Farmer's Market! See you there!     
 TODAY is the Caregivers Golf Classic - still time to attend!  golf   
 GOLFERS! Caregivers Golf Classic is TOMORROW  -enter NOW:     
 RT  THIS SATURDAY - the Clarke County Farmer's Market - Black Dog is a regular vendor!   
 It's THIS FRIDAY-Caregivers Golf Classic to fund Jeff. Co. Caregiver programs, enter NOW     
 The Gulf of Mexico a Non-profit Conservation Grp. has 19 board mbrs tied to oil biz:      
 check out yoga classes from Embrace Nature in Jefferson County, WV:      
 Need a cheap-reasonably priced event space (food/drinks) for BCC reunion on 9/25 eve - DM me please!   
 Enter NOW! Caregivers Golf Classic- to help disabled/elderly live independently     
 THIS FRIDAY- Caregivers Golf Classic- Enter NOW, help disabled/elderly live independently     
 is  an alert street vendor in Times Square - it could've been a horrible situation!    
 Enter NOW! 5/7 is the Caregivers Golf Classic - help disabled/elderly live independently     
 Yum! RT  TODAY I'll be at the Mountain Community Marketplace w/ other vendors.    Ferry 
  Earth Day Contest from   . Check out my favorite entry and VOTE:  
 I recommend you follow these great causes/orgs:         
 LOL! RT  Heard  Bill Maher say the "Drill Baby Drill" crowd should be forced to help clean up the Gulf coast...  
 RT  check out how we help the disabled & elderly  in Jeff. Co., WV - help us continue our work:    
 Check out a TEEN concert  The Shack in Harpers Ferry TOMORROW, 4/30 at 7p! Techno & more:   
 LivingSocial raises $14 million including Steve Case as an investor! Yay Steve!       
 is  April's end in sight - emotionally the WORST time of year for my babies, and I can finally exhale! 
 congrats Liz Sarachek Blacker,  new Publisher of Vista, bilingual magazine of ImpreMedia      
  has Mother's Day Brunch - go to Charles Town, WV and spend the day wih Mom!      
 Celebrate Mother's Day w/brunch (or go to other great events) at Dish in Charles Town, WV!    Ferry
 RT  HOW TO: Secure Your WordPress Blog      
 RT  Senators urge Facebook to change privacy settings. 
 Enter the Annual Caregivers Golf Classic, 5/7-help elderly/disabled to live independently:    
 Enter the Caregivers Golf Classic - proceeds to help elderly/disabled live independently:     
 Congrats to  for making Fast Company's 2010 Most Influential Women In Technology list!    
 25 Lessons Learned by Seth Godin - a MUST read:    
 Check these out! RT  New  INSIGHT: Online Marketing Trends to Lookout for in 2010 |  |
 RT  The real deal in female leadership: The Hot Mommas Project 2010 WINNERS and Authors 
 Check it out! RT  Source: Twitter's Ad Platform Launches Tonight -  by    
 happy to recommend 8 smart women on          & 
 Check this out! RT  HuffPo Launches Separate ‘Twitter Edition’; More Focus On Real-Time News | paidContent  
 Check out these events!  is included too!     
  it was a very nice to hang with you again and I LOVE   Talk to you soon. :-)
 Is social marketing stuck in ad-agency limbo?    
  no way! I'm so glad you are still here! This guy scared me so much!
  per our email today, see you Wed. :-)
 is  the dude next to me being ALIVE after almost choking to death on a hamburger! Phew!!! 
 is  Gold's Gym - ROCK!
 Is  being blessed with originality!
 RT  RT  Live video of Twitter CEO Evan Williams keynote at SXSW - 
 Will the new extensions bring you back to Google Wave?   
 YAY The Cove WON!!!!!!!! 
 the Paranormal take off that Alec/Steve did was hilarious! 
 RT  NY here is link to  via ustream <ABC/Cablevision shame on U!) -    
 The Potter's Bowl & Auction is in Shepherdstown, WV TOMORROW!  Details are in the article here:  
 LAST DAY! 15% off of Black Dog Coffee - ends2/28! Use the promo code 1T3W5M7I and order here:   
 Thanks! RT   pretty yummy stuff as always     
 Make your own Snow Shoes!  Any other ideas? Please share! 
 is  a PLOW! First one to come by our street since the start of   Now on to round 2! 
 is  a friend who went out of her way to restock my wine supply here in  WV during   MUCH appreciated! :-) 
 Check this out and tweet! RT  Watch us live Potomac MD   for  Tampa panel   
 RT  This should help a lot of the attendees at  A Wiki of Social Media Monitoring Solutions 
 is  still having power throughout this snowstorm! (fingers crossed it continues!) 
 is  still having power throughout this snowstorm!
 RT  Women's Heart  Learn Your Risks, Talk to Your Doctor & Take Action 
 is  a good friend to drive my teen to her school since the state plow STILL has not arrived.
 Read and share your ideas on my post: "Creative Networking:  The Owner Who Gets Out, Grows!"   
 MMM... My favorite chocolate. RT  February 1 is National Dark Chocolate day. Enjoy!  
 is  the call I got from Dad today letting me know his power is back on in SC after the snow/ice storm. Was worried about him!
 Dave Matthews Band! Taking me back...choking up...  
 wonder why the fans picked "Living on a Prayer"? Oh, probably because most of this country IS. 
 The MJ tribute wouldve been GREAT but since we don't have 3D glasses lying around, the home audience is AGAIN let down.  
 Taylor and Stevie Nicks!!!!! (I love Stevie!)  
 Pitch it!  RT  need a political version of the grammys - best scandal, best campaign, best one liner, etc 
 again...who is the Zac Brown Band!? HORRIBLE!! 
 after American Idol, I really have no idea what Russell Brand sees in Katy Perry (well personality-wise anyway!)  
 agree! RT   .... Kathy Griffin didn't win Best Comedy ... Steve Colbiert won 
 The Black Eyed Peas website is "down for maintenance" during the Grammys in which they are performing!? Hello!? Woah... 
 I'm a Be! NICE Black Eyed Peas!!!!! 
 who the heck is the Zac Brown Band!? 
 Agree! RT  Pink=EFFORTLESS!!! 
 Love me some Pink!  
 hilarious Beyonce doing Alanis - wish Alanis would! 
 who is working the booth? The cameras are ALL OVER THE PLACE!? 
 Way to ruin a Green Day song - make it Broadway. Ick. 
 Finally JayZ smiles! Geez. RT  Stephen Colbert's iPad joke garners some laughs from Jay-Z this time 
 Elton John and Lady Gaga together!  
 RT   - A new study shows high protein diets may present an Alzheimer's threat.
 for  do follow media, cause and Tweet savvy         
  you are too kind! Thanks and I really enjoyed our lunch - will meet up with you soon.
 Check out Jimmy Fallon as Neil Young doing "Pants on the Ground" - he does a GREAT Neil!   
 Simon Cowell and Sony Sign New TV, Music, Film Deal: http      
 "Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." 
 Glee wins, then The Hangover?! Are we at the People's Choice Awards?! Awesome!! 
 YES! Cameron wins for "Avatar"! 
 "I like a drink as much as the next man, and the next man is Mel Gibson!" LOL! 
 they say "The Hurt Locker" will win best picture - we'll see tonite if it wins. (Jodie looks GREAT!) 
 LOVING the Scorsese reel now!  Love him. 
 Halle Berry is BY FAR the most stunning of all of them! 
 JANE LYNCH WAS ROBBED!!!!!!!!!! 
 ouch, Quentin got snubbed for writing. Guess Hollywood IS all about nepotism! (Jason, Ivan's son) 
 Can Drew Barrymore be banned from winning or presenting anymore awards?! I cannot take her acceptance speeches 
 Not the only one! :-) RT  I think I was the only person in America fist pumping when T. Bone Burnett won.  
 I'm sorry, but I LOVE Ricky Gervais!  And Felicity had to have been drunk, correct? 
  I'm not sure, but it might.  Hmmm. It's to fund the efforts of the Red Cross, so maybe you can go on their site from UK?
 I just texted HAITI to 90999 so that $10 will go to The RedCross (applied to my cell bill) - SO easy! Now it's your turn!   
 Congrats Shashi Bellamkonda! RT  The 10 People You Need to Follow into 2010:    
 RT  The 10 People You Need to Follow into 2010:  
 Follow them! RT  The nytimes has a list of people tweeting in haiti   
 RT  Update: What is most needed now is 'a hospital ship off the coast of Haiti,' says Raymond Joseph, Haitian ambassador 
 There is still time to enter the Webby Awards - deadline extended to 1/29/10:    
 since the news hasn't covered the earthquake, go to Twitter.com and look at  and  to get all the breaking news.
 Sucks but that's true! RT  Amazing how football "wins" over mag. 6.5 earthquake in top 10 topics on Twitter.
 RT  Strongest Aftershock M4.5   
 interesting RT  USGS.com  tracking - 
 RT   Greenpeace Ranks Nokia As Top Green Gadget Company 
 FYI: RT  Bethesda Metro escalator stairs are going to kill someone. They're all out of order... PLEASE be careful. 
 RT  HootSuite Now Lets You Update Your WordPress Blog -    
 RT  ESPN to launch a 3D Network       
 Kathy Griffin banned from CNN after F-bomb drop on New Year's Eve    
 Real-time response is key. RT  Q3) How can you determine if Customer Service is being effective with social media? 
 RT  Great   happening right now on customer service and social media. Follow this hashtag 
 With the surge of homelessness in the US & children trying to get educated, I recommend we all donate here: 
 You go girl! Sandra Bullock makes history: 'Blind Side' first female-led film to cross $200 mil://ow.ly/SOJn     
 Uh Oh! RT  Power out at  D.C.’s Reagan National Airport, bringing flights and security screening to a standstill  
 Interesting picks from the National Society of Film Critics!     
 "Avatar" grosses $1 BILLION in worldwide box office!      
 is  my healthy daughters and husband. Looking forward to another great family day.
 The Boys & Girls Club of  the Eastern Panhandle could use help for great programs for kids/teens:   
 RT  Tiger scandal cost shareholders up to $12B 
 What's in your coffee pot!? Try:  
 RT  “I never remember feeling tired by work, though idleness exhausts me completely.” -Arthur Conan Doyle, Sr.
 The Boys & Girls Club of  the Eastern Panhandle could use help for great programs for kids/teens:   
 is  a Christmas Eve miracle: my van only needs a new radiator - the engine is FINE! Phew!
 it's Christmas Eve -  a peaceful morning and fond memories from all the many lifetimes I have lived.
 is  a determined tow truck driver- he was slipping on our hill (backing up) to get to my van, got to it and is on his way
 22 inches of snow on our deck in Harpers Ferry, WV and more still coming down!     
 ATTN JEFFERSON COUNTY, WV  -  JEFF.Co has enacted a STATE OF EMERGENCY - ONLY LE & EMS SERVICES ALLOWED ON ROADS!!(Per Scanner  12:36pm)
 Recession-Era Marketing: Learn from the Experts for FREE      
 16 social media guidelines used by real companies: 
 is  slowly getting my writing mojo back - it feels good. :-)
 This Wed: A free webinar from WOMMA - Social Branding – Managing Your Brand in the New Social-Sphere |  (via 
 MySpace/Imeem Deal Leaves Thousands of Artists UNPaid :-/       
 For  I would like to recommend:  (appreciation)  (local brewery)  (humor)  (DCWW)...
 EIGHT Nielsen Brands Acquired - The Hollywood Reporter, Billboard, Adweek to name a few      
 Save PeteThe Moose! 
 is  my husband getting home right before the snow/sleet got here last nite.  :-)
 is  morning yoga and time to get to the store to stock up on a few things when no one is there before the ice storm hits.
 2 great tastes TOGETHER:  (Brewery) &  give you Wild Dog Stout! Go to:    
 is  a Dallas loss since the Skins couldn't do it - AGAIN.
 is  SNOW coming down rapidly this beautiful Harpers Ferry morning! :-)
 is  a fairly empty grocery store earlier today. (I know it will be crowded soon with snow coming!)
 Is NOT happy that ABC has AGAIN decided to cancel an Adam Lambert appearance. (this time on Jimmy Kimmel) Wake up  
 And the 2010 Grammy Nominees are...    
 is  Social Media, as I can constantly express myself.  I mean, come on, if it didn't exist, my marriage might not either! ;-)
 Union Threatens To Darken Rockefeller Christmas Tree Lighting Over Negotiations With NBC:    
 Go directly here to view the Clinton Foundation  panel at 12:15p ET    
 Twitter, Facebook and Google Go Red for World AIDS day:    
 TODAY: World AIDS Day Event w/ President Clinton - Register for the Live Webcast  
 is  two beautiful daughters and their unique outlook on life!
 is  a sweet husband who walks our four dogs each morning - especially on a Sunday morning!
 is  starting off today with Black Dog Coffee  AND Yoga from Embrace Nature 
 Good suggestions for holiday gifts to give to your unemployed friends/loved ones:    
 is  a great night's sleep and getting to visit another part of my family today - the Knochs.
 Is  family, food and football.
 is  waking up and watching Adam Lambert on CBS (take that ABC!) - great way to start the day!
 is  SUSHI lunch today with friends, strawberries for breakfast, & Integral Yoga for a mid-morning  "snack"!
 iPhone now represents 50% of worldwide smartphone traffic   
 RT  Vote for Decade's Best Ads, Agencies and More 
 is  an EASY Thanksgiving week, thanks to my big sister, Heidi. :-)
 is  waking up today and hearing the laughter of Catrina, Cleo and Mira.
 is  Integral Yoga (Embrace Nature) right here on the mountain.  Namaste. 
 is  my meeting today.
 Oprah to End her Talk Show on ABC in 2011     
 is  reconnecting to family, friends and myself.
 is  music that touches my soul.
 MySpace About to Pick Up iMeem?      
 Great post in the Women Grow Business Blog today: Giving Back by Encouraging Entrepreneurship    
 Great post in the Women Grow Business Blog today: Giving Back by Encouraging Entrepreneurship    
 is  getting up early and having time to cuddle on the couch with my Cleo.
 This is a GREAT gene! RT  Do these genes make my heart seem big? Study finds a gene for empathy 
 Hmm...I predict breast cancer will be on the rise soon - just a hunch:  
 The ULTIMATE wino!  
 Time Warner to Spin Off AOL on December 9th: 
 RT  Unfriend selected as Oxford Dictionary's word of the year - Posted 
 is also  a Monday morning that is finally NOT filled with everyone giving me grief for being a Skins fan.
 is  a sermon that spoke to me and helped me to unburden myself in order to truly go forward. :-)
 is  finding my soul mate and marrying him. (AND he walks our 4 dogs in the AM so I can sleep in!)
 is  hearing the sound of geese on the lake through the fog at dawn this morning w/ my daughters (& Michigan memories)
 sometimes paying it forward means graciously receiving .... this realization! ;-)   (via 
 They deliver relevant info exactly when you need it,        
 is  a calm morning and looking forward to a CLEAN chimney for lots of great fires this winter. :-)
 Sad... RT  Report: Women more likely to be abandoned by spouses when serious illness strikes 
 Women Watch Ads in Exchange for Viral Currency 
 Interesting Holiday News: Don't Count on Grandma This XMas! 
 Bloomberg Can Cut BusinessWeek Staff And Not Pay Severance   
 is  the new calm energy and awareness of myself I am finding through yoga.
 Talk about saving for a rainy day! RT  Hearst Stashed $1 Billion For Rainy Day by  
 RT   The History of Veterans Days ~  Show appreciation any way you can...
 Check out the Veterans in Focus page on CNN   
 is  our past, current and future Veterans fighting to keep us free. Especially those in the Simanek, Kling and Knoch families!
 is  a BEAUTIFUL mountain morning and a big group hug from my two daughters. :-)
 RT  Huge!! Bestbuy launches mobile site  and partners with  for app info!
 Tribeca gets Two-Year deal at CBS!   
 is  having my girls home again, well-rested and happy this morning.
 iPhone for Verizon in 2010   
 enjoyed the weather SO much I may just  LISTEN to the Skins game on the deck and soak up some rays!   
 is  living on a beautiful mountain and among friends that believe in nature conservation.
 TODAY 11a-2p, Black Dog Coffee is  the Mtn. Community Marketplace in Harpers Ferry, WV (off Rt.9 Mission Rd.)  
 Just nominated  for Best Non-Profit Use of Social Media  
 The 10 Biggest Social Media Stories This Week  
 is  a "do-over" in yoga.  Looking forward to more to come.
 is  a quiet weekend with my husband. Also  the joy that the girls will bring Granma Russell today.
 Day  Recap of the  (see also day 2 and other great blog posts) 
 Just nominated  for Best Non-Profit Use of Social Media  
 CBS enters the Videogame sector - 'Race,' 'Survivor,' among 8 planned titles:   
 RT  Scott & White: Due 2 the recent events on Ft Hood, we r in URGENT need of ALL blood types.  (cont) 
 You must look into other people as well as at them. Lord Chesterfield (via 
 is  finding this building before my meeting and having a great the laugh at myself for trusting Mapquest!
 is  still having both my parents in my life. :-)
 RT  [  – Day 1 Recap from 140Conf LA 
 Steve Martin AND Alec Baldwin to co-host the 82nd Academy Awards! (Oscar, Oscar, Oscar!)
 Do you someone who loves FRESH original coffee?  Is it you?  Well become or refer a fan to Black Dog Coffee!  
 RT  Forgiveness is the fragrance that the violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it. ~Mark Twain  (cont) 
 New Team Post: Increasing Your Small Business Productivity with SharePoint Hosting Services from..  (via 
 is  the glow of the mountain and the sound of the geese on the lake this morning.
 is  my youngest FINALLY getting over strep. (and for listeing to my intuition knowing she was initially misdiagnosed!)
 Cool...RT  Flash SEO – Google Can Now Read Flash Text and Index It 
 wants you to make sure your kid isn't being MISdiagnosed w/ the flu - mine ended up having STREP but I had to FIGHT the doc to test for it!
 Paranormal Activity was made on a budget of $20k, and from open-10/29, has raked in over $68 MILLION!  
 is  the pure joy and chills I received in haunting/being haunted in Harpers Ferry with her girls last nite!
  RT  TODAY is the LAST day of the Clarke County Farmers Market  - Black Dog Coffee will be there! 
 It's  Twitter respect to:         
  - Country road take me home to the place I belong, WV! (my drive out of my hose on our street)
 RT  [ The Rise of the Homepreneur and the New Report from Network Solutions 
 AdWeek's Digital Hot List 2009: 
 Composers & lyricists working in film, TV and videogames are considering unionization: 
 (I knew it!) iPhones closing in on Blackberry:   
  interesting way to experience  thanks. Is there a link to streaming video?
 Interesting article: Hand Edits or 'Vince' at Work in Google Search Results?  
 Missing  due to no travel budget, flu, or no job? Hit Twitter and type in  or  and BE THERE. :-)
 Social Media = cost effective! RT   :first event in the Kodak theater to launch with ZERO dollars spent on advertising
 The Genius Brothers Behind Google Wave:   
 LOL! RT  Communism doesn't work because people like to own stuff. -Frank Zappa 
 is  my healthy heart and great Fish Oil pils that are keeping me from DYING during this  game! 
 Ricky Gervais to host the Golden Globes:  
 What is your small business doing to give back? Feel free to tell us at the bottom of ths article: 
 Former FCC Chairman to Join AOL Board 
 Thanks! RT   [ Promote Your Business and Brand: BE the Change You Want to See 
 RT  very cool - 1 minute and counting to the 
 Watch U2 live from the Rose Bowl on 10/25  8:30PM PT, www.youtube.com/u2  
 TODAY: Bark in the Park in Shenandoah Junction, WV! 
 Where the Mild Things Are 
 Saw Abiding Citizen 
 Blood Pimple (eww!)  
 Rebel Without a Pause 
 Lizard of Oz 
 Foodfellas 
 It's  I thought I would recommend these sharp folks:      
 Check out these FREE and pro SEO Tools  
 [ Eight Things to Keep in Mind Before Your First Convention/Expo 
 Hot Trailers On The Web Don't Mean Hot Movies At Box Office 
 Get the side benefits of  free promotion and loyal customers for your biz by being charitable:   business
 [ Promote Your Business and Brand: BE the Change You Want to See 
 Check out Ted Leonsis and Steve Case on Squawk Box, CNBC right NOW - or clips soon here 
 Finally! Glad CPS is getting involved. RT  People.com - Sheriff: Balloon Boy Incident a 'Hoax' 
 RT           
 Sound good! RT   so good to see you and catch up - let's talk shop, life, etc. off line next week? have a good weekend!
 This Week in Startups re: Angel groups asking startups to pay to present to investors starting in 8 minutes! join.. (cont) 
  Friday) I recommed followng these bright Tweeters:      
 I'm hoping to! Check this out: RT  New Post BlogPotomac Floats to town Oct 23rd- Hope you are signed up. 
 iPhone has 30% of the Smartphone market  up from 25% in June:   
 Great time  Science Club w/ great to see  speaking about how to keep up a good relationship with your recruiter.
 SOO Cool! RT  SCITECH: Pharaonic-Era Sacred Lake Unearthed in Egypt. 
 TODAY is Global Hand Washing Day! RT  Don't spread germs, spread this! 
 Good tips in this! RT  Laid-off older workers face biases in job search - MSNBC: NEW YORK - . 
 If you need a job and  the DC area, go to the DC Web Women Pink Slip Party: 
 Yahoo's $100 Millon Dollar campaign, "It's Y!ou", Turns Off Consumers : 
 GMA:  Buy tix to "Motherhood" (opens 10/23) and a portion of proceeds go to Susan G. Komen to fight breast cancer.  
 Great post about how Marketers can/should insert themselves into the product development process from   
 Deciding on the REGULAR flu shot (not to mention the H1N1) - read Desiree Jennings story first. 
 STILL researching flu shot ingredients - does anyone have an article to share?  
 For  I recommend        
 beep and smile at all the people in pink in the DC area who are walking in the Breast Cancer 3 Day walk - true heroes! 
 RT  a lot of controversy surrounding the NASA rocket moon impact. regardless, you can watch here live 
 researching flu shot ingredients - does anyone have an article to share? Here's the first one I found: 
 Is on a WOMMA webinar:  Brand Evangelists: A case study on incorporating influencers into the marketing fold  at 
 Wouldn't bode well for marketing! RT  More Than Half of Employers Now Block Twitter, Facebook, MySpace - 
 RT  Wireless CEOs Scoop Their Own Android Handset Announcements $GOOG $VZ $MOT 
 RT  You can't do anything about the length of your life, but you can do something about its width and depth. - Shira Tehrani
 For  I have to share my favorite band from Maryland - we go way back, they ROCK!  
 RT  this link just COULD save your life!  
 this link just COULD save your life! 
 Rich Ross to head Disney Studios - 
 At Greenhillfarm.org Fall Fest - great music in Sharpsburg MD!
 TODAY 11a-2p, Black Dog Coffee will be at the Mountain Community Marketplace in Harpers Ferry, WV (off Rt.9 Mission Rd.) 
 ONE DAY LEFT! Green Hill Farm Fall Fest - great bands, food, fun in Sharpsburg, MD! 
 Have you tried Black Dog Coffee's fresh beans yet?
 TODAY: Run, don't walk,to get Black Dog Coffee at the Clarke County Farm's Market in Berryville, VA. 
 The world belongs to the enthusiast who keeps cool.- William McFee (via 
  's show on ABC (now) is the "Tech and Social Networking Show". Guests include Biz Stone 
 It's  Friday   - check  out the Tweets of      & 
 C. A. P. S., CAPS, CAPS, CAPS!!!!!!! 
 WOW, Howard Stern called this one weeks ago! Jay Leno has fewer guests to choose from thanks to rival networks' boycott 
 The Green HIll  Fall Festival is THIS weekend in Sharpsburg, MD Great 2 days of music - JahWorks and NIGHTHAWKS! 
 Check out Tory Johnson's Job Club segment on GMA - Communities Band Together in Career Hardship:   
 Get FREE Online Marketing Training at Inbound Marketing University - new webinars in October! 
 YouTube to regain Warner Music videos 
 Internet Influences Film Audiences - study breaks down film going habits 
