 Obama’s plea to flood Congress with calls?  (R-OK)didn't get the calls Obama was hoping for. Read MORE: 
 NEW: Red Tape Rising. How are regulations hurting America? We've got a FULL report! 
 If Health Spending Controls Fail, What Are the Options? 
 What is Poverty?  writer Marvin Olasky spotlight's our in depth study! 
 Former ATF Official Admits Bureau Allowed Guns Into Mexico  
 Obama’s plea to flood Congress with calls?  (R-OK)didn't get the calls Obama was hoping for. Read MORE: 
 NOTICE: Media Fails to Report on Castro Regime’s Brutal Oppression 
 45 Senators Express Concern on U.N. Arms Trade Treaty 
 U.K. defense spending increased are welcome but it's not enough. Details HERE: 
 What's happening with North Korea? The summer may bring some provocative action. MORE: 
 Do you know your conservative history? It's good knowledge to stock up on. Start HERE: 
 Liberals totally miss the point on Poverty in America. Taking off the biased glasses would help. 
 Like the American people, our sister organization --  -- has a message for Congress today. Read MORE: 
 Can Washington hear you NOW?! LIKE our FB post & tell us what YOU think about Congress, the President & the debt HERE: 
 What's the latest on Operation Fast and Furious? We're keeping tabs for you!  
 Criminalization without Justification? What can be done about it? We've got more HERE: 
 What President Obama didn't deliver last night? A solution. More of what we think in today's Morning Bell: 
  Tells La Raza: ‘The Democrats and Your President Are With You’  
 Miss the Heritage response to President Obama's speech? Check it out, LIKE our Facebook post & tell us what you think! 
 We say: Stop Job-Killing Obama Tax Hikes & Cut Government Spending, Now! (EXCLUSIVE RESPONSE!) 
 The EXCLUSIVE Heritage response to President   speech is HERE: 
 Our response? Go with the American plan — cut government spending, deeply & right now, for the good of the country. 
 EXCLUSIVE Heritage response! What did you think? LIKE our Facebook post & tell us HERE: 
 EXCLUSIVE Heritage Response to President Obama: Stop Job-Killing Obama Tax Hikes & Cut Government Spending, NOW! 
 Dueling Debt Ceiling Proposals vs. the Rating Agencies. Heritage's  has the details HERE: 
 What did you think about the President's speech? Stay tuned. We'll have reaction at The Foundry & on Facebook soon! 
 WATCH THIS: Heritage's  on Freedom Watch with  at 8pmET! 
 Know this: Exporting natural gas benefits the U.S. Read more about why HERE: 
 Obama Administration Just Says ‘No’ to Abstinence 
 WATCH THIS: Heritage's  on Freedom Watch with  at 8pmET! 
 In Washington, what you bargain for isn’t always what you get. Even Reagan discovered that. 
 Be sure to check in at our Facebook Page & Foundry.org tonight for reaction to the President's speech! 
 NEW! Conservatives Beware: The Boehner Plan Leads to Tax Increases 
 Learning from the past: When America Paid off the National Debt  
 Thanks to  for featuring us on your blogroll! 
 Make sure to check in with us TONIGHT for reaction to the President's speech HERE: 
 Rasmussen: 57% of Americans want to repeal Obamacare. Can you hear us now  
 President Obama spoke to La Raza today.  reports for  on their close relationship. 
 More PROOF: Maine Seeks Escape from Its Own Obamacare-like Problems  
 What do you think about how the White House is handling the debt ceiling? LIKE our FB post & tell us HERE: 
 You won't believe the dangerous deb ceiling strategies the White House is using. Read MORE:  
 What Obama Won’t Tell Latinos at La Raza Conference  
 The Debt Ceiling: What China is Doing  
 Read THIS: Mandating Coverage of Contraceptives Is Bad Social Policy 
 Will Obama ever learn economics from Reagan? Heritage's Edwin Meese III & Michael Needham in  
 Think President Obama's debt ceiling strategy is dangerous? LIKE our Facebook post & tell us why HERE: 
 A debt ceiling strategy that messes with world markets? The Obama Administration's dangerous game. MORE: 
 Chart of the Week: How to End Deficits Without Raising Taxes 
 La Raza's former Sr. VP works at the White House. La Raza's funding has sharply increased since she began. Coincidence? 
 WATCH IT! Heritage's  will speak with  on  at 9:30amET! Tune in! 
  & President  both botch history! Check it out: 
 Protecting ineffective government programs like welfare isn't helping the poor. Think outside the box. 
 What is An Effective Approach to Poverty: Circle of Protection or Triangle of Uplift? You decide. Read HERE: 
 ATTENTION: White House Confirms It Will Likely Sign Any Debt Deal Congress Sends 
 President Obama, Paul Krugman Botch History 
 Faith Leaders Meet with Obama to Protect Welfare State 
 Here ya go: A National Defense of Marriage 
 What the President Won’t Tell Latinos This Weekend 
 Rep. Ed Royce (R-CA) on  promises that FAILED! 
  will do whatever it takes to restore "fiscal sanity"! Will the rest of them? 
 Here's what you won't hear  tell Latinos this weekend at  
 VIDEO: A new study predicts HUGE job growth if regulators back off of Gulf oil drilling. What's the hold up? 
 Abdication: Senate Votes to Do Nothing Unless It Can Hike Taxes for the President 
 More red tape from Washington. It's hard to believe this one! 
 More on the Gang of Six: Failing Big on Medicare 
 More Mistakes? Another Obamacare ‘Glitch’ Will Add Billions to the Deficit!   
 Farewell, Atlantis: China Takes Up the Torch of Manned Space Flight 
 CELEBRATE GOOD TIMES? Not so fast! LIKE this Facebook post if Obama's policies don't deserve an anniversary party! 
 Important to Note: Protectionist Green NGOs are Hurting the World’s Poor 
 Abdication: Senate Votes to Do Nothing Unless It Can Hike Taxes for the President 
 More red tape from Washington. It's hard to believe this one! 
 More on the Gang of Six: Failing Big on Medicare 
 More Mistakes? Another Obamacare ‘Glitch’ Will Add Billions to the Deficit!   
 VIDEO: A new study predicts HUGE job growth if regulators back off of Gulf oil drilling. What's the hold up? 
  will do whatever it takes to restore "fiscal sanity"! Will the rest of them? 
 Did you read today's Morning Bell? It's MUST: Unhappy Anniversaries, President Obama! 
 Farewell, Atlantis: China Takes Up the Torch of Manned Space Flight 
 LIVE WEB CHAT: Heritage's  answers your questions about the Gang of 6 plan & more! Tune in at 12pmET: 
 LIVE WEB CHAT: Heritage's  answers your questions about the Gang of 6 plan & more! Tune in at 12pmET: 
 Rep. Ed Royce (R-CA) on  promises that FAILED! 
 CELEBRATE GOOD TIMES? Not so fast! LIKE this Facebook post if Obama's policies don't deserve an anniversary party! 
 President Obama has many anniversary's this month & none of them are happy memories. Read MORE: 
 CNN Poll: Two-Thirds of Americans Support ‘Cut, Cap and Balance’ Plan   
 VIDEO: Reid goes BALLISTIC over  You don't want to miss this: 
 RT  Still wonder if Obamacare hurt the economic recovery? Wonder no longer; read  research: 
  says he will do whatever it takes to return to "fiscal sanity." Why doesn't all of Congress agree? 
 How Bloomberg Is Hurting the Environment with His Gift to Sierra Club 
 VIDEO: Sen.  Bets ‘A Porterhouse Steak’ that Obama Will Sign Cut, Cap and Balance 
 Sing it with us: A very unhappy birthday to  You'll understand why when you read THIS: 
 The U.N. Arms Trade Treaty: Still Seriously Flawed 
 Yeah, you heard us right: The U.S. Chamber of Tax Hikes  
  Offers Dubious Statistics in Attacks on ‘Cut, Cap, and Balance’ 
 Helping poor families escape poverty by encouraging & rewarding personal initiative! A program to stand by HERE: 
 Dodd-Frank, one year later. It's an unhappy anniversary.  guest blogs: 
 MUST READ: Bloomberg Harms Environment with Gift to Sierra Club!   
 Natural Gas: Boom or Bust? All Signs Point to Boom! Read MORE:  
 VIDEO: Reid goes ballistic over Cut, Cap and Balance 
 VIDEO: Americans don't want unelected bureaucrats making health care decisions in any way, shape or form!  
 Heritage's Bill Beach: Fix the Debt, or Taxes Will Double for the Millenial Generation! 
 VIDEO: Sen.  bets ‘a Porterhouse steak’ that Obama will sign Cut, Cap and Balance! 
 A new federal agency?! The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau opened it's doors. America, look out! 
 MUST READ: Bloomberg Harms Environment with Gift to Sierra Club!   
 Yeah, you heard us right: The U.S. Chamber of Tax Hikes  
 A new federal agency?! The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau opened it's doors. America, look out! 
 Sing it with us: A very unhappy birthday to  You'll understand why when you read THIS: 
 Business leaders are saying that liberal economic policies are preventing recovery. Should the President listen to them? 
 What’s wrong with the Gang of Six plan? We'll tell you! 
 RT  So happy first birthday, Dodd-Frank — please excuse us for not throwing a party. 
 ALERT: U.S. intel is missing a beat on Iran's nuclear weapons effort! Details if you want them: 
 Don't raise the debt limit without getting spending under control. Read MORE from Heritage President  HERE: 
 Did you know? At 15 Federal agencies, death is more common than job loss. Wow. 
 Could the ‘Gang of Six’ Plan Gut Defense? Yes. Read more HERE: 
 Don't raise the debt limit without getting spending under control! LIKE our Facebook post if you agree HERE: 
 Today marks the 1-year anniversary of the Dodd–Frank Act -- and things aren't looking good. We've got an update: 
 SPECIAL MESSAGE from Heritage President Dr.  on the debt limit battle in today's Morning Bell HERE: 
 Mandating coverage of contraceptives is bad health policy 
 At 15 Federal Agencies, Death More Common Than Job Loss 
 DOMA Under Attack in Senate: A Rising Disrespect for Marriage 
 Obamacare is NOT a prescription for America's recovery & we'll tell you WHY: 
 Obamacare is no prescription for recovery & we'll tell you why! 
 How liberals are wrongly invoking Ronald Reagan to sell the debt deal! 
 WATCH CNN: Heritage's Nile Gardiner on  TONIGHT at 7:50pmET! 
 Are our Armed Forces under stress? It looks that why. Click here to find out MORE: 
 DOMA Under Attack in Senate: A Rising Disrespect for Marriage 
 With their pensions threatened, the Postal Workers Union is going on offense. Read MORE: 
 TUNE IN: Heritage's Nile Gardiner will appear on  TONIGHT at 7:50pmET! 
 Checking In:  Offers Dubious Statistics in Attacks on ‘Cut, Cap, and Balance’ 
 Read about how "Obama's Policies Redefine Poverty" in Newsmax by Heritage's  
 Does the Cuban way work? Read & decide for yourself HERE: 
 What does Captive Nations Week mean? More than you realize. More HERE: 
  In this piece, we addressed the issue of taxes & jobs: 
 VIDEO:  Schweikert (R-AZ) says Tax Increases Won’t Solve Debt Crisis 
  Thanks for tweeting about our new report, "What is Poverty in the U.S.?"
 RT  Today at 4:04 p.m. ET on Fox's  top  tax economist  will discuss the Gang of Six plan.   ...
   Liberals are invoking Reagan from 1987 on the debt ceiling debate -- not us. Read today's piece for more: 
 MT  Citing Reagan was off-limits, until Democrats needed him to try and sell their bad policies   
 Would Ronald Reagan approve of job crushing tax hikes right now? LIKE our Facebook post if you think the answer is "NO"! 
 The Cuban Way Part II: Big Brother’s Repressive Hand 
 Borders Bookseller Goes Belly Up, but Save Your Tears 
  What do you think about drilling permits still being restricted a year after the oil spill? 
 Liberals are using Reagan to sell a tax-raising debt deal. But would he really approve? 
 Is there a Pakistani spy among us? Heritage's  at  
 Hey Twitter friends! What do you think about the plan by the "Gang of 6"? We told you our thoughts but want to hear from you!
 LISTEN: What is poverty in America? It might look a bit different than you think. Click HERE: 
 Thanks for the comment & for reading our latest piece 
 EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: Sen.  DeMint Calls McConnell-Reid Debt Plan a ‘Cover-up’ 
 The Gang of Six: Just Promises, Promises. Read MORE: 
 Gang of Six: Don't make promises you can't keep! The Heritage take HERE: 
 Don't miss our meeting with Sen.  from earlier today! Here's the VIDEO: 
 New Report: Recovery Stalled After Obamacare Passed 
 Mortgage deadbeats are living off taxpayer largesse! Heritage President  in today's  
 Conservatives should stop the Gang of Six & their EMPTY promises! 
 VIDEO: DeMint Calls McConnell-Reid Debt Plan a ‘Cover-up’ 
 Thanks for highlighting our report, "What is Poverty in the U.S. Today?",  
 RT  Special thanks to  and  for another great  interview. 
 Borders Bookseller is going bankrupt -- and that's OK. Read more on how capitalism played a part: 
 In case you were wondering, we've got a strategic vision for U.S.–India relations HERE: 
 What about welfare reform? Don't leave it in the dust! Heritage's Mike Needham  
 NEW: Discovering which federal social programs work and which ones don't. Take Action! 
 VIDEO: Did you miss  with Sen.  (R-SC)? Watch it NOW: 
 What does a bipartisan plan for failure look like? THIS: 
 NEW PODCAST! What is poverty in America? Heritage analysts discuss this pressing issue. Listen HERE: 
 Are you following us on  Do it now & digg our latest post HERE: 
 The McConnell-Reid “Just Borrow More” Plan fails to cut spending & degrades America's creditworthiness: 
 White House Attack Mode is On. LIKE our Facebook post & tell us what you think HERE: 
 How High Do You Want Your Grandkids’ Taxes to Go? 
 Is a pay-for-access fundraiser okay? The DCCC didn't think so so in 2006 but they're OK with it now! 
 The White House is in attack mode when it comes to conservative solutions on the debt ceiling. 
 In Argentina, Cristina Ramps Up Protectionism 
 Will Congress Cut, Cap and Balance? We'll find out. Looking forward to hearing from Sen.  at today's  
 We were right: The U.S. is NOT ready for a massive oil crisis. And we'll tell you WHY: 
 NEW: The House Can Lead the Way on the Debt Ceiling. It's Time 
 Don't fear defense cuts? You should. Here's WHY: 
 Seriously? SEIU Tells Workers to ‘Disobey Laws’ In Effort to Undermine Employers. 
 The House Can Lead the Way on the Debt Ceiling. It's Time. 
 How high do you want your grandkids’ taxes to go? We've got the charts to prove the coming damage. 
 VIDEO: We've got the key to America's energy future. Do you want a copy? 
 We were right: The U.S. is NOT ready for a massive oil crisis. And we'll tell you WHY: 
 NEW: The House Can Lead the Way on the Debt Ceiling. It's Time. 
 What's going on: Israel–Lebanon issues are threatening security in the Eastern Mediterranean. Who is right? 
 Don't fear defense cuts? You should. Here's WHY: 
 Seriously? SEIU Tells Workers to ‘Disobey Laws’ In Effort to Undermine Employers. 
 RT  New Video: Reining in the Explosion of Federal Spending:  |   
 How high do you want your grandkids’ taxes to go? We've got the charts to prove the coming damage. 
 VIDEO: We've got the key to America's energy future. Do you want a copy? 
 RT  Maine Gov. Paul LePage Speaks Today at Heritage on Health Care Reform   
 RT  Looking forward to keynoting Heritage's conference on Military Voting Rights tomorrow 
 We were right: The U.S. is NOT ready for a massive oil crisis. And we'll tell you WHY: 
 What's the latest on the Consumer Finance Bureau? It's still a threat. Read MORE: 
 Thanks for the Tweets!         
 VIDEO: She's a Congresswoman & a political refugee from Cuba. Talking w/ Rep. Illeana  
 Do you know what it means to be poor? What IS poverty in America? LIKE this Facebook post & find out! 
 What IS poverty in America today? Surprising new research about welfare recipients & more. 
 Mr. President & Mr. Speaker: Let’s get this thing done.  
 Air Conditioning, Cable TV, & an Xbox: What is Poverty in the United States Today? 
 Pay Attention! Al-Qaeda Is Down but Not Out 
 Turkey arrested 15 al-Qaeda militants, but the terrorist network is merely down, not out. Find out why: 
 Rep.  has been seeking answers on Operation Fast and Furious. Listen to our exclusive interview: 
 BREAKING: Shame on the politically motivated McConnell Plan to hike borrowing with no spending cuts 
 VIDEO: Right from the president's mouth - Obama's against a balanced budget. 
 LIVE WEBCHAT: Obama just wrapped up his press conference. Now join us at 12 ET for a webchat on the debt! 
 Obama doesn't understand the purpose of a balanced budget amendment. FYI, Thomas Jefferson did: 
 Debt limit debate goes on, but one thing would have averted the whole mess: a balanced budget amendment. 
 Deal or no deal, Obama is having a 50th birthday party fundraiser the day after his debt limit deadline. 
 What's a few trillion between friends? UN claims $76 trillion needed to create green economy. 
 VIDEO: Are you getting what you pay for in education? Find out in our Education Spending Made Simple video: 
 PODCAST: Heritage economist Rea Hederman has the low down on America's unemployment numbers. Listen in: 
 Enough government distortions in the housing market. Time to end Fannie and Freddie. 
 Did you see  school HHS Secretary Sebelius on Medicare reform? Watch him in action: 
 Were the Founders committed to eradicating slavery? Click here to find out: 
 Remember when cell phones were GIANT and cost a bundle? Thankfully, capitalism saved the day. 
 Terrorist attacks in Mumbai, India, kill at least 20. Here's our breaking expert analysis: 
 Bernanke projects slow economic growth. But it doesn't have to be that way. 
 Obama's  policy has been an abject failure. Want proof? Look at Monday's embassy attack. 
 President Obama thinks he knows what to do with the money you don't "need." Interesting. Read MORE: 
 America is headed down the Road to Serfdom with all this big spending. Read MORE: 
 Tea Partiers are still going as strong as ever! Details HERE: 
 VIDEO:  Schools HHS Secretary on Patient-Centered Medicare Reform 
 Sen. Mitch McConnell’s debt ceiling plan isn't enough. Here's why: 
 Will the IRS penalize one Yankee Fan’s good deed with a big league tax bill? 
 Unionized National Security Agencies are no good and we'll tell you why HERE: 
 NEW: Free the Housing Finance Market from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac! 
 BREAKING: Sen. McConnell's debt ceiling plan is insufficient and raises serious constitutional issues: 
 Who is getting hurt worst by the Obama economy? It may not be who you think: 
 Don't Unionize National Security Agencies! Want to know why? We'll tell you: 
 How EPA regulations will coal & jobs in Texas. Read MORE: 
 The IRS could foul up Yankee fan's good deed with a Big League Tax Bill! 
  President Obama made an excuse for his failed economic policies, money would overflow! 
 Is it lights out for the light bulb ban? Get the latest on that story HERE: 
 The Sergei Magnitsky Case: An Admission of Guilt. Read more HERE: 
 Obama says he will risk default if he does not get tax hikes. That's an astonishing declaration.  
 Woops!  (D-NY) Accidentally Makes the Case for Bush Tax Rates! 
 Get SMART: What to know about complying w/ federal sex offender registration standards! 
 Atheists' intolerance for "heaven" shows their intolerance for FREEDOM. 
 Behind the Scenes: Obamacare Exchange Regulations. More deception, believe it or not! 
 Had enough BIG GOV'T? LIKE our Facebook post & tell us what you think about the light bulb ban HERE: 
 Big Brother is coming & and he's taking your light bulbs! Get the details HERE: 
  is right on with a debt limit transparency measure. Read up & spread the word: 
 Australia’s misguided carbon tax is a WARNING for the U.S.! 
 On the 14th Amendment: It's not a blank check for debt increases! (Pass it on...) 
 True: Win–Win Trade Agreements Would Boost the U.S. Economy. Read up here: 
 White House Is Deceptive, Not Schizophrenic, on Nuclear Weapons Policy 
 Why the light bulb ban is a symbolic representation of big gov't intrusion into the American individual’s freedom. HERE: 
 Good News: Millennials Embrace American Exceptionalism. Do you? 
 The evidence is IN: Infrastructure Spending Is No Job Creator  
 White House Is Deceptive, Not Schizophrenic, on Nuclear Weapons Policy 
 Think you can choose your own light bulbs? Congress will see about that. 
 The alarming rate of violence & death on the Mexican border NEEDS resolution! 
 The light bulb ban is back -- and it's still an intrusion into the American individual’s freedom! 
 NEWSFLASH: The U.S. Government Debt Default Bogie Man Scares No One 
 How al-Qaeda is exploiting  & what the U.S. should do next. 
 Obama vs. the Evidence: Infrastructure Spending Is No Job Creator 
 Are we becoming the Europe of the West? What do you think? Tell us HERE: 
 VIDEO: Congratulations Wendy Mueller, Facebook Questions challenge winner! Check out her question & our answer HERE: 
 And another thing: Social Security’s COLA should be more accurate! 
 How liberal legislation is hurting religious adoption agencies. It's not right. 
 Tim Geithner said Obama is being "too hard on himself" regarding the 9.2% unemployment rate. Really? Click here: 
 VIDEO: Former Secretary of Labor Elaine Chao says "The government has done ENOUGH!" 
 Should Planned Parenthood be investigated by Congress?  has a lot of good reasons why they should! 
 The President admits that welfare encourages dependency but what is he doing to fix the system? 
 Do you think Mullen should hold firm on Freedom of the Seas during China Talks? 
 WATCH! Heritage's Hans von Spakovsky LIVE on  at 10:40amET talking Fast & Furious! 
 Why has the White House gone from HOPE to defeatism on the economy? A disturbing reality... 
 Is America becoming the Europe of the West? Read up in today's Morning Bell: 
 NEWSFLASH: Senate Committee to Hold Field Hearing on Gulf Spill Recovery 
 WATCH IT! Heritage's Peter Brookes talks Panetta & al-Qaeda  at 9:30amET. Tune in! 
 ALERT: The U.S. Is Poorly Prepared to Defend Interests in Arctic. Here's why: 
 FINALLY: President Obama Admits Welfare Encourages Dependency 
 Things to Know: Mullen Should Hold Firm on Freedom of the Seas during China Talks 
 VIDEO: Message to Global Warming Alarmists is "Calm Down!" Anyone agree? 
 Does Planned Parenthood need a Congressional investigation? Some think so and here's why: 
 When it comes to the Arctic, the US is poorly prepared to defend our interests! 
 Questions & Answers on American unemployment. We've got what you NEED to read. 
 The NEA does NOT represent all teachers. Read more from  to find out why: 
 President Obama Admits Welfare Encourages Dependency 
 5 Reasons Unemployment Grew: Stimulus, Obamacare, Frank-Dodd, EPA regs, Business Regs  
 Unemployment is at 9.2%. Only 18,000 jobs were created. Where are the jobs?  
 Stimulus: putting fear in the hearts of job creators since 2008.   
 Top 5 Ways President Obama Tanked the Economy  
 Excuses, Excuses: Stalled talks on the debt ceiling didn’t create the jobs catastrophe!  
 Unemployment has risen steadily for 2.5 years. Will Obama ever own up to his bad policies?  
 From Hope to Defeatism: White House Changes Message on Economy 
 FINALLY: President Obama Admits that Welfare Encourages Dependency. 
 Who are the President’s failure enablers? When will he take responsibility?  
 Governments cannot spend their way back to prosperity & growth. Now you know. 
 Unemployment is at 9.2%. Only 18,000 jobs were created. Where are the jobs?  
 Court Battle Over Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act. What do you think about it? 
 Debt Ceiling Debate: Making Bad Health Policy Worse Doesn’t Justify Budget Savings 
 Ironically, the NLRB is one the worst enemies of job creation. Find out why: 
 Who are the President’s failure enablers? When will he take responsibility?   
 Rep.  (R-TN) on Why Obama Can’t Regulate His Regulators 
 Time for Obama to remove burdens from entrepreneurs so we can grow the economy again! 
 Permanent unemployment? That's where we could be headed if things don't change! 
 Useful: Everything you need today about today's jobs numbers & more. 
 Why is our border security being compromised by bureaucratic roadblocks? This shouldn't be. 
 Did you know that arms producers in France, Italy & Germany are selling advanced weapons & military supplies to Russia? 
 No More Bad Medicare Policies for a Debt Limit Deal: They Cost Too Much! 
 Heritage Employment Report: June Jobs Wilt in Heat 
 Why is the Test Ban Treaty a bad idea? We'll tell you. It's worth checking out: 
 Don't understand LOST? We will fill you in! Get the details HERE: 
 It's  Hello to our new reporter follows!       
 Air Obama Won't Fly. Want to know why? 
  It was linked to our Facebook post. You can still do it!
 Don't believe everything you hear about the Medicaid experiment in Oregon. Read on: 
 LIKE this post if you think that 9.2% unemployment is UNACCEPTABLE! We do! 
 Lunch w/ Heritage in 5 mins! Join our LIVE web chat as education analyst  answers YOUR questions HERE: 
 LIVE CHAT! Join us at 12ET to discuss SCHOOL CHOICE in America w/  analyst  Click HERE: 
 Don't miss today's Morning Bell: An Economy in PANIC. Read it here: 
 MT  It took 404 days to draft, approve, & ratify the Constitution. Why  since Senate majority passed a budget?
 Former NLRB Chief Warns of Board’s ‘Radical’ Snap Elections Rule. Heritage's  reports: 
 What the President doesn't know about defense spending. Get the scoop: 
 Heritage's  on Obama's plan to target defense cuts  
 Twitter  Heritage's  on how President  went wrong. 
              
  We agree with you Bekki!
 RT  VIDEO: Gary Sinise Says 9/11 Inspired Him to Support America’s Military  via 
 Thank you  for all your RTs & support!
 RT  MT  Libertarianism vs. Conservatism, intern debate w/  (7/21, 6:30pm): 
 NEWSFLASH: Soaking the Rich to Raise the Debt Ceiling Won’t Solve Spending Problem 
 RT  President Obama Fails Twitter  via 
 The State Department Tweets, but Is Anyone Listening? Hmm. 
 If you think RAISING TAXES IS NOT THE ANSWER, click and LIKE this post on Facebook! 
 Shame on Cuba: Blind Eye to Human Trafficking 
 National social programs frequently fail -- and there's a good reason for it! Read more here: 
 Yesterday, President Obama VASTLY underestimated the size of the education budget. Why didn't he know? 
 What's going with drilling? Here are a few things you probably didn't know: 
 What the President doesn't know about defense spending: Read up! 
 Report Card: President  Fails  Read about why HERE: 
 What do you think about the debt ceiling "negotiations"? LIKE this post & tell us on Facebook! 
  predicts a court challenge if Obama uses the 14th Amendment for debt! What do you think about it? 
  Moves Long Overdue Trade Agreements Forward. Details are here: 
 How the DOJ is totally unprofessional in attacking traditional marriage. Read about it HERE: 
 Reality: Both Medicare & Medicaid provide inefficient and costly care.  
 CONTEST! Have your burning question answered via video from a Heritage analyst! Tell us your question on Facebook! 
 Higher taxes are NOT the answer in today's debt limit debate. Read on: 
 ATTENTION: Obama Touts Federal Worker Pay Freeze That Isn’t. 
 ALERT: Obama Acknowledges Importance of School Choice in Twitter Town Hall! 
 Is 2011 the year of school choice? All signs point to yes & that's good for children! 
 NEW VIDEO: Federalism in Education Made Simple 
 The Left’s Desperate, Devious and Dangerous 14th Amendment Ploy 
 Thank goodness for 2011, the year of SCHOOL CHOICE! Kids are the winners here! 
 Is a sheep & goat survey really necessary AT ALL? You  be the judge. Read on: 
 ALERT: Obama Acknowledges Importance of School Choice in Twitter Town Hall! 
 The truth about the McKinsey Survey. Don't believe everything you hear! 
 GROSS! More Regulatory Manure from USDA. What you shouldn't HAVE to hear: 
 What's YOUR burning question? Tell us HERE & you could be the WINNER! Find out more: 
 MT  As a small biz owner, I'd  when he's going to lift heavy regulations keeping job creators from making room 
  Your budget was rejected by Senate 97-0 & Dems haven’t produced budget in 700+ days. Where is your economic plan? 
 What do you think about  using his official White House account to bully critics?  
 RT  Instead of a tax-hike ultimatum, shouldn't you demand Senate match House and enact a budget for first time in about ...
 Have you heard from small biz owners being HURT by  mandates? We have.  
 Is General Motors Headed Back to Square One? Get the details HERE: 
 Did you see our questions for you, President     
 RT   When will you put forward policies to promote job creation, not government growth? 
 Your budget was rejected by Senate 97-0 & Dems haven’t produced budget in 700+ days. Where is your economic plan? 
 You’ve added more costly regulations in 2yrs than any of your predecessors, who all reviewed. When will it stop? 
 Here we are -- ready for the Twitter townhall! Which questions will President  answer today?  
 You said your stimulus plan would keep unemployment below 8%. Do you agree that was a trillion dollars wasted? 
 RT  Tell me how government regulations are holding your business back  
 RT  The Heritage Foundation has their own questions for the  Twitter town hall today.   ...
 We have a featured tweet  Check it out and RT! 
 What questions are YOU asking the President during his Twitter townhall today at 2pmET? Here are ours! 
 RT   My constituents want to know what your  regulations will do to their good paying jobs in the coal industry
 RT  Actions speak louder than words:  what he's ACTUALLY done to reduce the reg burden...? 
 Do these  numbers make sense to you? We didn't think so.  
 High unemployment isn't ending anytime soon if things remain the same. What will the President do about it?  
 EXCLUSIVE VIDEO:  on how 9/11 inspired him to support America’s military  
 RT  How high do you think "revenues" should be, if they are not high enough now?  
 RT  You said your stimulus plan would keep unemployment below 8%. Do you agree that was a trillion dollars wasted? 
 Battle of the Charts with  What you NEED to know about SPENDING: 
  Thanks for the RT!
 RT   why the Democrats haven’t passed a budget in more than 798 days.  Where is his plan 
 RT   Your budget was rejected by Senate 97-0 & Dems haven’t produced budget in 700+ days. Where is your economic plan?
 RT  You said it was not a good idea to raise taxes in a recession but that is all you offer now to fix debt. Why? 
 RT  Your budget was rejected by Senate 97-0 & Dems havent produced budget in 700+ days. Where is your economic plan 
 RT  You said it was not a good idea to raise taxes in a recession but that is all you offer now to fix debt. Why? 
 Chicago-Style Politics on Twitter: How the White House Uses Social Media 
 MT  How can the WH reconcile...a failed trillion dollar stimulus package & still push for more stimulus spending? 
 RT   Since the stimulus failed to create jobs, will u consider pro-growth policies in House budget? 
 RT  Your budget was rejected by Senate 97-0 & Dems haven’t produced budget in 700+ days. Where is your economic plan?  ...
  Your budget was rejected by Senate 97-0 & Dems haven’t produced budget in 700+ days. Where is your economic plan? 
  Your budget was rejected by Senate 97-0 & Dems haven’t produced budget in 700+ days. Where is your economic plan? 
 RT  Gas prices are high. We’re losing 90m barrels of oil due to your moratorium, plus jobs. Why release 30m from SPR?  ...
 RT  Your budget was rejected by Senate 97-0 & Dems haven't produced a budget in 700+ days. Where is your plan?   ...
 RT  Five Questions for President Obama’s Twitter Townhall  via 
 Your budget was rejected by Senate 97-0 & Dems haven’t produced budget in 700+ days. Where is your economic plan? 
 RT  You said it wasn’t a good idea to raise taxes in a recession but that is all you offer now to fix debt. Why? 
 You’ve added more costly regulations in 2yrs than any of your predecessors, who all reviewed. When will it stop? 
 RT  Your budget was rejected by Senate 97-0 & Dems haven’t produced budget in 790+ days. Where is your economic plan? 
 RT  Your budget was rejected by Senate 97-0 & Dems haven’t produced budget in 700+ days. Where is your economic plan?  ...
 How high is the price of Obama's fake  scheme? More than we can afford. Read on: 
 Is the White House using Twitter to bully critics?  reports: 
 RT  Your budget was rejected by Senate 97-0 & Dems haven’t produced budget in 700+ days. Where is your economic plan?  ...
 RT  Your budget was rejected by Senate 97-0 & Dems haven’t produced budget in 700+ days. Where is your economic plan? 
 RT  Your budget was rejected by Senate 97-0 & Dems haven’t produced budget in 700+ days. Where is your economic plan? 
 RT  Your budget was rejected by Senate 97-0 & Dems haven’t produced budget in 700+ days. Where is your economic plan? 
 You said it wasn’t a good idea to raise taxes in a recession but that is all you offer now to fix debt. Why? 
 You said your stimulus plan would keep unemployment below 8%. Do you agree that was a trillion dollars wasted? 
 RT   Tweet Obama Today! 
 5 Questions for Obama's Twitter Townhall. Check it out:  
 The Oslo Massacre reminds that we must protect against ALL threats! 
 Are you following Heritage on  Start today & DIGG this post! 
 What does Harry Reid plan on doing with military funding? It's not good. Find out HERE: 
 Regulations are worse than you thought! LIKE our Facebook post & read more on federal regs on everything under the sun! 
 How much is red tape regulation costing you -- and America as a whole? More than you realize. MORE: 
 The Left is missing the point on "Poverty in America." Let us explain it for you: 
 VIDEO: Why is the media failing to report on the Castro regime's brutal oppression? We've got the story: 
 Former ATF Official Admits Bureau Allowed Guns Into Mexico 
 Can Washington hear you NOW?! LIKE our FB post & tell us what YOU think about Congress, the President & the debt HERE: 
 Criminalization without Justification? What can be done about it? We've got more HERE 
 Former ATF Official Admits Bureau Allowed Guns Into Mexico  
 Liberals totally miss the point on Poverty in America. Taking off the biased glasses would help 
 NOTICE: Media Fails to Report on Castro Regime’s Brutal Oppression 
