 Flaming microwave + poorly ventilated apartment + no fans 
 Almost there 
 RT  just got an invite for  from  This site looks awesome. Crazy good deals on there.
 RT  Psst! Here's $200 - (Pass it on). We’re giving you $200 in SniqueAway credit to dole out to 8 of your friends:  ...
 Expedia is giving away a TON of luxury trips worth up to $160,000 each!  Over $1 million in total prizes!  
 Sign up (free, takes 10 seconds) for a chance to win a free trip to space   
 RT  Travelers' Choice Family Awards:  
 Dear Verizon, you're making me go insane, and I'm switching to Comcast. In fact, I switched while you had me on hold for the millionth time!
  I definitely get dressed up on Fridays--even more so than the other days of the week! We have "Fashion Fridays" at the office!
  Because of the fear you instilled me about hotel room cleanliness, I scrubbed my water glass before using it. :)
  Hey Scott! Great meeting you last night!
  Hey! Sorry, I totally missed your tweet a few weeks back. Trying out Twitter, ehh??
 Boloco day at Smarter Travel Media!!
 I'm at Boston Sports Club (505 Boylston St, Clarendon, Boston). 
 Consider my day made! 
 RT  Hey New York VirginAtlantic flyers, we're giving away flight coupons this Thursday at JFK! 
 Trying to overthrow Hanaka and take the reigns as mayor! Muhahaha ( Smarter Travel Media) 
 I'm at Boston Sports Club (505 Boylston St, Clarendon, Boston) w/ 2 others. 
 Just landed in SLC! ( Salt Lake City International Airport (SLC) w/ 9 others) 
 What a great shopping day I'm having! ( Anthropologie (Copley)) 
 I'm at Boston Sports Club (505 Boylston St, Clarendon, Boston). 
 Seriously, what are you waiting for?! Join SniqueAway--a new, fabulous travel private sale site! 
 Pumpkin spice latte, I just can't quit you! ( Starbucks w/ 2 others) 
 I'm at Boston Sports Club (505 Boylston St, Clarendon, Boston) w/ 2 others. 
 I'm at Sonsie (327 Newbury St, Boston) w/ 3 others. 
 On the bus at 6:30am! Woohoo! ( Lucky Star Bus) 
 50% off spices! Ooooh man ( Star Market - Brookline) 
 Officially addicted to pumpkin spice ( Starbucks w/ 3 others) 
 It's pumpkin spice season! ( Starbucks w/ 2 others) 
 How did I get myself into this? ( Topsfield Fairgrounds w/ 12 others) 
 Doing a focus group about jewelry! Should be fun!! ( Focus On Boston) 
  What can I do if I forgot my PRIN 
 I want this bed! (It's from the Maison Moschino in Milan - ) 
 RT  New travel sale site  a first look 
 To gym or not to gym?? Maybe I'll get in some cardio by shopping...
  Still need an invite? 
  Oops! Drop that Y off the end of the link: 
  You can use mine! Enjoy! 
 The new travel private sale site I've been working on is finally live!! Yay! Check out SniqueAway! 
 Hippie salad day is a good day to ease back into real life post-vacation.
 Get jazzed for a free trip to New Orleans from  and  
 I'm so glad I'm not moving today. Good luck to everyone shlepping boxes today!!
 Only three days until vacation!!!!!
 I love coming home with an armful of shopping bags!
 BIGGEST reply-all epic fail EVER.
 Looks like Zappos Couture has been around since 2007! Where have I been?!
 mmmmm... i like.... When did this launch?? couture.zappos.com
 RT  How to avoid a $100,000 airfare:  
 How to avoid a $100,000 airfare 
 I accidentally printed a document about 100 times... I just wasted a ream of paper. Dear Mother Nature, I promise to make it up to you.
 I have been dying to know who was the voice behind the MBTA announcements! It's Frank Oglesby! Thanks, NPR!
 Auto-tune the news Bed Intruder Song 
 RT  JetBlue brings back all-you-can-fly deal - Aug. 17, 2010 
 Homemade croutons are the new chips.
 Heading to the beach this summer? Check out  essential beach packing guide! 
 Dear Governor Patrick, Please include Back Bay in your mosquito spraying. It's a war on mosquitos, and I'm losing every battle!
 I made a strawberry rhubarb pie, but now I have all this left-over rhubarb...what to do with it? Another pie? Chutney? Oh the possibilities!
 My birthday trip is beginning to take shape! Puerto Rico here we come!!
 The secret is always butter.
 Walking on bubblewrap with stilettos is the best feeling ever.
  Hi Alexis! Michael told me about your social media workshops--please add me to your mailing list for all future events!
 I finally took out all my earnings yesterday... I think that officially makes me an adult.
 amazingly geeky wedding cake: 
 My FIRST LivingSocial purchase! I just got 50% off the Fireplace restaurant in Brookline  via
  Because of the misprint... will you be honoring the $28 price for dinner tonight?
 85% off at Louis Boston!! Only from 11-7pm today... this may call for a lunchtime Fan Pier run! 
 dried mango. yum.
 Oh man... what an afternoon... Big Baby dancing 
  I love you. You've made my afternoon amazing.
 Best. Game. Ever. 
 I probably need this 
 Shoppers on a ‘Diet’ Tame the Urge to Buy... I can't even imagine! 
 I love using a big fat red sharpie to cross off items on my To Do list.
 Worst email subject line ever (from Hotels.com): "48 Hour Sale, book by 21 July and Free Flip Ultra camcorder on bookings at select hotels."
  I'll be there!! 
 Anyone attending the  event tomorrow? (To Check-In or Not To Check-In? The Opportunities of Location Based Social Networking)
 RT  Flexible travel dates? Score a deal with AirfareWatchdog’s Fare Alert feature 
 Excited for dinner at La Laiterie at Farmstead in Providence with the fam toinght! 
 RT  Facebook Marketing: Now Available! 
 Deep Woods Off might need to be my new perfume.
 RT  Boston Startups Make Summer Vacation Cooler 
  mmmm... cupcakes
  They may have been small, but they were still monkeys! And 2 of them were dead! Two tiny dead monkeys in his pants. Gross.
 How did he fit 18 monkeys in a belt under his shirt?! 
 Man arrested with 18 monkeys at Mexico City airport 
 Love love love Panera's asiago bagels... mmmm....
 This tree bed is awesome. Feel like you're sleeping in a tree house every night. 
 Can you tell it's Friday afternoon and I'm overly caffeinated?!
  The light/beige/nude color. I'm in love.
 I beg to differ... and I blame Karl Lagerfeld for ruining fall footwear with the heinous heeled clog! 
 Quite excited to try out (and wear my new dress)  tonight!
 Also, in case anyone was wondering, I DID buy the dress last night... and I had a dream about it. No joke.
  just sent me this  hmmm... I'll happily pay that price
  I seriously have been stalking that dress--visiting in multiple locations and online. It will be mine in just a few hours!!
 It's on sale!! It's finally on sale!! I know what I'm doing RIGHT after work!! 
 I'm trying to pick a beach destination for a week-long trip around Labor Day. Any suggestions??
 RT  George Steinbrenner has died after heart attack, Steinbrenner's 
 RT  Foursquare Launches Location Layers - This is Big  
 This Lilly Pulitzer beach cruiser is really freaking cute. 
  Is  David's new venture??
 Why would you bring spoiled meat in your carry-on?! 
 I'm loving French Connection's Wizard Wonder Dress. I tried it on this wknd & it looks amazing... to buy or not to buy? 
 RT  Google Me isn't a rumor: 
 RT  Former Facebook CTO: ‘Google Me’ Is Real, And It’s Gunning For Facebook 
 mmmmm... smartfood
 Who's going to Wildwood this year?? I can't decide... to go or not to go... 
  Don't Make Me Think kept me sane on my ride home on the Fung Wah last night!
 Are people searching Twitter and Facebook instead of (or before) searching Google?? I'm curious... do you?
 Where are public transportation manners?! 10pm bus from NYC-BOS, people talking on the phone, girl on T this am playing music w/o headphones
 Zipcar is having a party tonight! Darn the JP Morgan Corporate Challenge getting in the way! (Luckily we're having a post-run party!!)
 I just can't help myself. I just ordered a pair of the cutest coral peep toe pumps from 
  Is it true that the ppl behind Sonsie are opening a new place? What's it called? And when is it opening??
 love love love this cheesey chex mix
 I don't know why. I just love this... Swedish Princess Marries Her Personal Trainer 
 RT  Listening Platform Vendors. Key Factors that Matter - Going Social Now 
 This is NOT a cupcake! 
  OMG! I need that!
  I think this needs to be incorporated into your ice cream somehow. 
 This eye twitch has got to stop. We've now surpassed 24 hours of eye twitching.
 What happens when BP spills coffee... 
 Massimo is poppin bottles.
 Amazing. Baby diapers with style. 
 RT  Help  raise money for cancer research by attending the  Keep an eye out for Eversave at the e ...
 OMG! I thought I missed the 
  Oh yea, they all do (at least occassionally!) Check out Gilt Man 
 Pretty much my lifelong dream. I'm salivating just thinking about it. 
 Waiting for my nails to dry has turned into doing some serious damage on 
 This weekend I dropped my purse in a fountain, then missed my flight because I was eating terrible food at Chili's. FML.
 Hello Chicago! Just landed at O'Hare!
 So excited for Memorial Weekend to begin in just a few short hours... Dinner, SATC2, then off to Chicago for the weekend!!
 I have never seen the Sullivan Station platform this packed. Grrrr.
 Hello sugar coma.
 Drowning my sorrows in buttercream.
 And now, this afternoon, they have cupcakes out! Too tempting!
 They're filming a movie on my street, and it took nearly all my willpower to not steal a bagel from the buffet for the crew this am.
 What could be better than an M&M cookie??
  And do you know why I bought it? Because I deserve it!
  
  Glad to hear that! I was actually planning to spend most of my time in Marrakech and Essaouira!
 My ginormous gold Michael Kors watch has shipped!
  Lots of Morocco stories?! Where have you been? I'm trying to decide what cities to hit. What's your must-stop spot in Morocco?
  Twitter soulmates! Loves it!!
 I'm drooling.  
 We're going to tailgate our tails off tomorrow. And maybe watch a little baseball.
  I forgot you're based in Chicago! I was thinking you're in NYC. Are you at SATW?
  Nothing big, just shopping and visiting friends
  just appeared at the top of my Twitter feed. It's a sign. I'm heading there tonight! mmmm custard, how I have missed you.
 Heading to MKE in a few hours, NYC next weekend, then to Chicago for Memorial Day, and MOROCCO in a few months. Jetsetting.
 Did Daily Candy REALLY send a dedicated email promo about appling for a job with the TSA?! Who, exactly, is their target audience?
 Follow  for exclusive heels.com coupon codes!
 Check out the Kate Spade Bali-Bound Sweepstakes: 
 I am loving the Michael Kors oversized gold watches... hmmm... to buy or not to buy??
 That's right... I have 3 pairs of heels in my purse.
 For the love of god, an oxford shirt should not have a dolman sleeve!
 Everyone wants Bieber hair!  And my personal fav: 
 They're fixing the hot water as we speak. Ahhhhhh.
  Agreed. They are making a comeback!
 How scandalous! White jeans before Labor Day! I feel like a bad ass... a bad ass straight out of the 80s.
 Left my oh-so-delicious lunch at home. Why do I always do that?
 No hot water. grrrrrrr. No shower is better than a cold shower.
 It's a Jason Mraz kind of day.
 Yum. 
 Sarah Palin!! A.ma.zing. 
 I just realized that icanhazcheeseburger would be SOOO much funnier if it was dogs.
 I already have my Halloween costume planned. This is going to be EPIC.
 Babies! What about a movie called "Puppies!"?? Now THAT is what I am talking about. 
  I swear I'm not a stalker... I recognized your pic when I was looking  this AM. Great meeting you yesterday!!
 Crisis averted. Cambridge water is safe. Thank you CambridgeSide Galleria Starbucks for saving my Monday with your sweet sweet caffeine.
 Let the absurdity continue! 
  What can I say? It's what I do best.
 Now you can be a crazy cat lady for only $955!! 
 Gilt Fuse is gone? Where have I been? I guess it's all rolled into regular old Gilt now.
 Cole Haan Prudence Oversized Satchel on  today.... what a perfect work bag.
 I freaking love Panera's french toast bagels.
 Do I need the Kate Spade "Stevie" Nylon Satchel? It just looks so spring/summery! 
 The new compostable Sun Chip bags are soooo loud! Have you heard them? The slightest touch makes such a loud noise!
  I pine for Paddingtons... ah well, maybe the keychain can tide us over until we can afford the real thing!
  I had to laugh at this little guy: 
 My  order just arrived!!
  I always say you can't go wrong with jewelry!!
 Thank you  I think my Mother's Day shopping is now complete--way ahead of time!
 RT  New poll from  How will the Iceland volcano eruption affect your travel plans to Europe this summer?  ...
 Reading: "What Could Intercourse, Hell, and Accident Possibly Have in Common?"(  )
 Dear Mother Earth, I'm sorry. I drove today on this your holiest of days. Never fear, I will return to my car-less existence tomorrow!
 RT  Bad idea, worse idea? From the airline who charged you a carry-on fee comes a non-reclining seat: 
 RT  Special   question! How do you travel green? (I re-use linens and towels at the hotel.)
 Dang, all the Rock&Republic shoes on  are sold out before noon! 
 The TripAdvisor recruitment video is now live! Check it out! I'm the Twitter Queen and proud of it. 
 Marathon Monday!! One of the best days of the year in Boston!
 Blue screen of death! I think it's a sign that I should end my day now.
 I walk by Talbots on Boylston every day & I've been intrigued by the transformation. WSJ's take on Talbot's facelift: 
 RT   Yes! We're going to serve the chocolate chip cookie on every Frontier flight.
 "If we indeed need a shopping Czar, I'd want none other." Thank you, thank you, DMac. I graciously accept my new role.
 The Midwest Airlines name may be dead, but at least they're keeping the cookies! 
 Not a fan of the lighting in  Proenza Schouler photos. Dramatic and romantic, but I want to see the clothes! 
 The photo on the  sign in page has to be on Newbury & Clarendon in front of H&M! I live down the street and pass it every day!
 Gilt sells shoes, dresses, purses. What does Gilt Men sell? Meat. 
 Elian all grown up...looking pretty good. Wait... is he 16?! 
 One of my least favorite words... now I can get it plastered across a T-shirt. 
 Star Wars wine stoppers. Hilarious. 
 Is that a SKORT?! 
 If they don't deliver, I don't want it. I get my groceries, my liquor, even my Xmas tree delivered. Now finally going to try 
 Spotted: Alicia Keys sneaking through the backdoor into Boston Children's Hospital.
  $185 was listed as MSRP on RowNine 
  Maybe the Cuisinart site is listing a discounted price... I assumed that the price on their site was the MSRP.
  The Cuisinart Soft Serve Ice Cream Maker, on the Cuisinart site for $100 
 mmmmmmm tiramisu i love you
 KAS designs on  today really makes me want to go on vacation! 
 I wonder how much traffic  is seeing because of all the Virgin America fiasco coverage!
  Are you associated with Vente Privee?
 Erin go bragh!! (Long live ME!)
 Hello new addiction. RueLaLa meets eBay. My wallet's worst nightmare. 
 RT  the designer label pay-to-bid auction is giving away free  sunglasses - I'm in 
 I discovered Enviius...hot designer fashion all at private sale prices.  Join me at 
 Dear RowNine.com, where the heck do you get your so-called MSRPs?! Many of your "discounted prices" are the same as on the retailers' sites!
 And it's available in PINK! eeeeeeeeeeee!! 
 OMG! Soft Service ice cream maker for less than $100! Do I need this? Probably... 
 Darn static-y skirt. grrrrr
 Check out Voyage Prive, my new private (travel!) sale site/guilty pleasure 
 Still recovering from a weekend of gluttony.
 And the countdown begins...
  I'm working within Facebook's parameters, which is super annoying. It's an invite friends widget like this:
 Cha-ching! Another $50 in my  account!!!
  I am very new to FBML, just created this landing page and now I want to do more. 
  In the invite friends widget on a page, I want to change the font size of the button. I cannot seem to change the button!
  An Italy LP watch for my boyfriend... shhhh... it's a gift! (Luckily, he's an anti-Twitterite.)
 Fancy packaging gets me every time... this Italy LP watch box is the height of luxury.
 Deeeeelivered! Packages from  = Christmas morning.
 Everybody's working for the weekend
 FBML, why can't you just do what I want you to?!
 Lilac nail polish feels like spring.
 hmmm... i hope this fire alarm stops.
 I'm excited to wear my new Max & Cleo dress I just got from  out to dinner tonight!
 I have owned 3 (faux) fur coats in the past 4 years, and yet when I need one I don't have one! Looks like I'll be buying fur  tomorrow!
  Good guess--I'm thinking about an upcoming article. Do you have any horror stories??
 Do you have a hotel/vacation rental horror story in which the place was nothing like the photos/description on the website?? Please share!
 RT  Bloom Unveils its Game Changing Energy Box [PICS] 
  Oh, I will! I think the world would be a better place if everyone had a horsebit belt.
 Check out my Google profile 
 mmmm I am really liking this fringe dress from Tart on  today... too much?? 
 RT  Details: The Yahoo-Twitter Partnership 
 RT  Half of Messages on Twitter Aren’t in English [STATS] 
 Anyone applying for  
 RT  How the Resort Industry is Using Social Media 
  Saw you in  today!
 How adorable! "Zipper" mugs with a perfect little nook for the tea bag string 
 Karl Lagerfeld, why why why? Because of those damned Chanel clogs, every brand is making them now. Gaaaa-ross.
 coffee.
 If I've been going to 3 beer fests a year since I turned 21... that makes 13 beer fests... really?! Wow.
  So excited for  tomorrow!!
 Parents, aunt, uncle, and brother in town this weekend -- dinners, brunches, strolling around Boston, and EXTREME beer fest tomorrow!!
 Have you seen Rihanna's "Rude Boy" video? Looks just like something MIA would do.
 Can't believe I forgot to post this - Valentine's Day at L'Espalier. The table next to us fights, runs out on the check. What a show!
 Watching the Olympics while answering customer service emails. Not a bad ending to the day.
 Tonight: LOST, then the grand unveiling of the Nutellale and the dunkelweissen. Here's hoping it turned out!
  T-shirts  today.
 $75 straws. This can go after the diamond-crusted lobster claw on my list of ridic things to buy when I win the lottery 
 This means cheap flights to Philly! Yesssss! 
 RT  No more $1,100 fares? Southwest takes on US Airways monopoly route with Philly-Boston service: 
 RT   gets the dirt from  
 In the world of Kitchenaid mixers, is it worth the extra $$ to upgrade to the professional version? I think it's time for me to get one!
 I made red velvet cupcakes last night, and tonight might be chocolate brittle and this saucy little number: 
 Ted Bundy, Al Bundy, definitley not the same.
 I think this is what Al Bundy's wife was wearing on Modern Family last night 
 RT  Live Off Groupon! 
  This seems like a job for Amtrekker. 
 No way. Alexander McQueen commits suicide. 
 Poppin roe.
 Is this really going to be a blizzard? Or is it all hype??
 RT  Recycled airplane air is cleaner than the air in your office! (But tray tables & armrests could use a good cleaning!) http ...
 Best. Day. Ever. Snacks, snacks, and more snacks.
 Now that's a mumu! 
  Yea, I followed the crew to Stone Rose upstairs. I haven't even heard about the SATW event--I'll have to look into it.
 Back to the office. Tying up a few loose ends... and eating a few munchkins...
  It was great to meet you last night! And I'm pumped to learn everything I ever wanted to know about Jay-Z's brain soon!
  Great to meet you last night--and I'm excited to read your book when it's out! I hope you enjoyed the event!
  It was great to meet you last night! I hope you enjoyed the Smarter Travel Media Travel Roundtable!!
 I just had a surprisingly delicious salad on the Acela.
  I'm on the train back to Boston right now. Just in town for an event at the Time Warner Center. But I'll be back this weekend.
 I'm at Stone Rose Lounge (10 Columbus Circle, btw 59th and 60th, New York). 
 Human bed warmers, now that's service. 
  Awwww, why thank you! Are you still at MITX?
 Made my lunch, then left it on the kitchen counter... but then I realized that STM is proving pizza post-mtg today! What a charmed life.
 The Sleep Talkin' Man was on the Today Show this morning! Made my day. 
 I'm doing some serious damage to my bank account...and by that I mean stimulating the economy.
 What didn't I need? That second crab rangoon, that's what...but it's oh so deep-fried and gooey.
 It's official. It was in a company-wide email, so it must be official. I am a "Twitter Queen."
 The Catorialist?! This is amazing! 
  Oh why, hello there.
 Just joined yet another discount shopping site! 
 OMG!! Have you seen this?! Scott Brown posed nude in Cosmo in 1982... 
 Facing my fears of cafeterias. My first meal from the Hood Building Cafe is not too bad.
 I need beer name ideas! We made a dunkelweiss this weekend that is currently nameless. Leader right now is the Fun Uncle Dunkel.
 Snacks on deck, Patron on ice.
 Boots are the new pants! 
 OMG. Heidi Montag. 
 I've never been on a cruise.. but I really think I need to try it out! 
 RT  Just found a great cruise deal starting at $299...makes me want to leave the chilly northeast for a cruise!  ...
 I just made the best cappuccino ever!
  loooooves it!
 Need your opinions! What kind of beer should I make this weekend? And got any great punny names to go with it??
 Lapis lazuli is not only fun to say, but it's one of my favorite things right now.
 mmmm... oyster crackers....
 Saw a ring on  that looks JUST like mine! And they're charging $2,000--originally $4,000!! I feel like I'm on Antiques Roadshow.
 What a weekend ahead of me! Bustin Timberfakes at Church tonight, drinks at Match + dinner at Gaslight Fri, and Bond for Jiwon's b-day Sat.
 Also, while watching AMTV this morning, I saw the commercial for the Shake Weight. So ridiculous. 
 I was watching music videos this morning, like I do, and in Alicia Keys' new one, doesn't she look a little "exposed" in the first scene?
 RT  Man tattoos Ray-Bans on his face as a part of the brand's Never Hide campaign! Yikes: 
 Low-rise tights are the world's worst invention.
  - Mmmmmmm so many cupcakes from Sweet on Beacon & Mass Ave!
  -  last night, a tray of cupcakes from Sweet magically appeared!
 All the more reason to eat more chips! 
 RT  6 yrs ago today we served our 1st burger on Dartmouth St. To celebrate our b-day we're giving kinfolk a burger, fries & sha ...
 RT  We're in today's  (Doesn't Winston look dashing?)  JC
 Who snagged the Miss Sixty black faux leather hooded jacket from the  final sale? Congrats to you and your credit card quick-draw!
 I should have known the black faux leather hooded jacket would sell out in .5 seconds!  final sale!!
  Intriguing. I say do it. With a cardigan? Or a jacket?
  Nice pic.
 RT  Refs botched call in Packers-Cardinals game.  
 RT  isn't it taboo to post a Missed Connection from the Holocaust Museum? 
 McDonald's "Mac Snack Wrap" ads appearing all over  are seriously grossing me out. Pickles in a taco shell?!
 RT  10 Must-Haves for Your Social Media Policy 
 RT  Foursquare Changes the Game ... Literally 
  I'm sorry. That's terrible. But I'm sure you have something even more fantastic in the works!
  Have you seen the ads for this new show on MTV, "the buried life"? 
 Excited to try Rendezvous tonight! Looks like an Erin-friendly menu! 
 RT  Kate Gosselin's hair extensions 'cost around $5000' 
  Inside Edition said it was closer to $9,000!!
 Why, why, why? RT  Bra Color Facebook Status Updates Go Viral, But Why? 
  Yea, Liszewski is quite a doozey!
 I Get Fat with a Little Help from My Friends: how happiness, obesity, and smoking travel through our social networks 
  They're out in full force! I even saw an ad on the back of a bus that said "It's cookie time!!"
 An hour on the elliptical + a double Americano. I feel on top of the world!
  Dan told me you follow my tweets. So, I hunted you down!
 I don't think I have ever had coffee that tasted more like water.
 A Girl Scout troop was selling cookies at the Copley station. What a glorious way to end my day. I'm just supporting my community!
 Three years ago I was getting ready to go to Cancun with my brand-spanking-new coworkers!
 I just realized my 3 year anniversary at Smarter Travel Media was January 3!! THREE YEARS!
 mmmmm... hot chocolate....
 Dating site for beautiful people expels 'fatties' after holiday weight gain  I loooove the company's statement!
 RT  I say we transfer airport security from TSA to TMZ.  Those dudes don't miss anything.
 RT  gaga barbies! - 
 I can't stop eating these chocolate-covered espresso beans! Sugar + caffeine high here I come!
 I need this, right? 
 GASP! This picture just took my breath away. 
 The drink of the evening will be French 75s. Gin + Cointreau + Champagne. I can't think of a better way to ring in the new year!
 Pre-work breakfast with co-workers... a perfect start to the BEST DAY EVER.
 Van Halen's wife's last name is Liszewski?! 
 RT  The  is free after 8pm on New Year's Eve & the subways will extend their service until 2am.
  What percentage of tweets are sent via a mobile device?
 What percentage of Twitter users are tweeting from a mobile device?
  Check out  Everyone seems to be falling to their death in New Zealand!
  Click on Top Stories, it takes you to 
 RT  Sandwiches go sky-high with Subway's new store: 
 RT  There are 15,740 Social Media Experts on Twitter 
  And my greatest weakness is probably sparkly dresses.
  Asiago is one of my greatest weaknesses. Have you had the asiago breads or bagels at Panera? To. Die. For.
 RT  HOW TO: Implement a Social Media Business Strategy 
 Thinking about what to wear on New Years... and what appetizers to make!
  Spending the holidays in part of the country where almost everyone is obese will put ur 3 lb weight gain in perspective
 Trying  for the first time tonight!
 Google imaging ganglion cyst was a bad idea.
 WebMD will be the death of me. I am feeling faint.
 Christmas vacation to begin in 5.5 hours!! Wootwooot!
 RT  CHRISTMAS STATION ON PANDORA!!! You are making me not hate this excel workbook, like, at all.
 RT  Is "Cougar Cruise" the Start of a New Travel Trend? 
 Nooooo not the year-end beg-a-thon!!
 Snack time!
  I'm making this crazy ancho chile/dark chocolate/pecan pie concoction for a holiday party tomorrow!
  Agreed! But don't you worry--my date's sanity AND sexuality was questioned when he was dancing all up on Dan Guy. Amazing.
 I think I have carpal tunnel in my thumb.
 Holiday party  in T-2.5 hours.
  Glee's Puck is 27 years old.  He hates the mohawk. 
 I know this is far from breaking news, but isn't this just the best picture ever!? 
 I won't give up my stilettos! Even if it means serious foot problems when I'm older 
 What's worse than being cold? Being soaking wet, wind-blown, and cold.
 I don't care if it's a red-eye. If you're over 10 years old, don't wear sweatpants when flying.  
 It's OK to drink before noon when sitting in first class.  
 It's OK--no, encouraged--to feel smug as you walk on the red carpet and look at the poor souls waiting.  
 RT  RT  Aisle seats are for those in control of their own destiny. What is your rule?  . ...
 Why I need a purse dog: 
 How do I ALWAYS leave my lunch on the kitchen table??
 All I can say is this man needs some serious eye cream. 
  Oh, I will! When we got $500 Amazon gift card 2 years ago, I bought SO MANY SHOES!
  Wow. I think that means I HAVE to have them!
 My poor little feet! My right foot still feels like pins-and-needles! Oh, the price of fashionable shoes.
 RT  RT  Dunkin' Has Tamed 'Wild West' Of Social Media: 
 How had I never heard of manoush before?! Love, love, love. 
 My adorable Anthropologie faceplates won't work w/these! RT  The Power Outlet of the Future Includes USB Ports 
  Their bar is called Knuckles. What do you expect from a place called KNUCKLES?!
 How will I spend my Amazon gift card? Here's an idea: 
 Meeeeyowzahs! 
 RT  RT  SHOCKING PHOTO: How Fat is Too Fat to Fly? 
 RT   reminds me of a similar local news fail 
 First (of many) holiday party of the season tomorrow night!!
 Local News Commits a Twitter-Induced Billboard FAIL 
 First peppermint mocha of the season. Happy December!!
 Enter to win the ultimate prize package from  It includes a trip to Miami and a shopping spree! www.ideeli.com/invite/eliszewski
  I have no idea. This happens to me all the time, though! It's so weird!
  - Want to see something gross? This is just one of my many tumor-like bug bites.
