 RT  If Obama really wants to kill off the Boehner plan he should endorse it.
  Okay, I'll admit that I LOL'd at "Did i say 'make it rain?' I meant 'quantitative easing'"
  …and Obama voted against it in 2006. The politics of it are nuts, but we still need a deal, and we need it now.
  This, stat! 
  Did you look under the hood to see if your engine was watching a movie? 
 Lion autocorrect suggested "contrattino" instead of "contraction" just now. Apparently my Mac is now Italian… and wants to make a deal.
 If "li'l" is a contraction of "little," shouldn't it have another apostrophe at the end?
 RT  Eventually a president is going to show a graph in a speech and then they all will. someone just needs to go first.
 RT  Hey non-Washingtonians: If you'd like to learn more about the debt ceiling, read this post: 
 Gauge brand sentiment (among other things) among twitter users with R: 
  Congratulations!!! Hooray!
  Pretty gray here today, so Cyann & Ben.
 What's better than vim macros? Repeating vim macros!
 RT  The chart that should accompany every story about debt-ceiling talks 
  I've never interacted with a Roku, but I adore my AppleTV.
 Whoa. The new GRE is way different. And so very long. Yikes.
 Is a mortgage essentially a self-imposed nudge to invest what would otherwise be disposable income? 
 In case of sadsack emergency, koala joeys: 
 Docs watched today: One about evangelicals & anti-semitism in the USAF and one about Prop 8. What has 2 puffy eyes & needs a drink? 
  I am a fan of every  thing Amelia Fletcher has done/will ever do <3
  Wait just one second. Are you a Heavenly fan? Rad. 
 Thêrē'š å ñèw wāÿ tò tÿpê dįâçrïtìčš īń Łïøñ: 
  Re:  I'm just trying to get a little more variety in my diet, but I take your point.
 Wow. I just agreed with something Tony Blankley said on "Left, Right, and Center." Granted, it was about Europe, but I still feel dirty.
 RT  Tip to all British tabloids: Do Not Hack Amy Winehouse's Phone. I repeat: Do Not Hack Amy Winehouse's Phone.
 Not the graffiti I expected to see here.   The Pinhook 
 RT  The Texas Board of Education has unanimously come down on the side of evolution.  
 RT  BREAKING: James Inhofe releases letter from 15 scientists who can prove today's weather is actually a dream
  FWIW, I restarted my machine & tried again, and it worked like a charm.
   So. Much. Jam. That song murders me to death.
  We miss you! 
 The  say it's  lucky day!
  I downloaded it okay, but it hangs at various parts of the actual installation for me.
 Going to go ahead and listen to this on repeat and think cold thoughts before having to venture outside: 
   Okay. I'll stop mothering. Do make sure to take lots of vitamin C, though.
   Ah, I see. You're taking the full course of the antibiotics, though, right?
  I had that! It was kind of the anti-"Mouse Trap" inasmuch as it was *exactly* as much fun as it looked. 
  I suppose the obvious guess would be a virus.
  Oh, wow. Spooky.
  Seems like a job best undertaken with beer in hand.
 I'd love to rock MacVim with the new fullscreen hotness, but going down the new compiler rabbit hole probably isn't a great use of time.
 The worst day at  is still way better than most days anywhere else. (This isn't just worst day. I'm just saying.)
 It was way easier to read multiple newspapers in the morning when I had an hour-long subway commute.
  Yeah, but that's probably because the things that are broken are Lion-specific. Like creating a new "space" for it.
 Fullscreen Chrome: Y U NO WORK?
 It took way too long to make this sandwich. When will someone really invent mustmayostardayonnaise?
   I fell in love with Instacast all over again the other day when it let me subscribe to a podcast via RSS.
  Thanks, Beck! That means a lot coming from you.
 RT  The case for open access to scholarly publications: 
  Got this in my queue right now: 
  Lucky! The Haunted Mansion is one of my top 3 favorite places on Earth.
  Wow. That's just painful.
 I've managed to avoid the Lion productivity hit by *not installing it at work* 
 No more pork belly futures on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. I'm still bullish on mustache wax and velocipedes, though 
  What tablet is that?
 Cooper got tweeted by  and RTd by  My little boy is a total Durham scenester 
 Fun West Wing trivia. Apparently Sam Seaborn went to law school at Duke. <3
  Good luck tomorrow, Princess! Visualize the arsebeam!
 First time at the climbing gym. ¿Quien es mas macho? Thanks to  for the instruction!
  Between that and Fox representing News Intl as a victim in the phonehacking scandal, seems like the media needs to up its tech game.
  Weird sentence to see in an article from Wired, of all pubs.
 "...and all the documents have been returned to JSTOR." Oh, that's nice. Wait... what? 
 My most regrettable iTunes purchase: Dice-K's Gyroball song. Really though, the worst part was the $51M posting fee.
 Um, Phil Collins is on the new "break up" episode of  So perfect.
 But hey, at least there's an awesome new M83 track: 
 LOL. Moody's might still downgrade US debt if we go with the McConnell plan: 
 RT   for Durhmites: space shuttle spotting early morning on July 21 and 23 
 Even the WSJ is against a balanced budget amendment: 
  Just... just... wow. Wow. 
  Is it on me? I feel like it's on me.
 It's going to be hard to get to sleep tonight knowing that this is a thing that exists: 
 "The West Wing" was a Really Great Show.
 Finally, a book that appeals to people who love both Bayesian stats and corgis:  
 RT  You know what's great about being too busy to learn details of News Corp scandal? Being too busy to learn details of ...
 RT  Design things that matter: 
  Dude, that's awesome. I love all of their production work.
 WSJ not tainted by phone-hacking scandal, reports the WSJ. 
 Whoa. Lullaby for the Working Class on the PA at Bull City Burger?
 So, the deal on the table is: no new revenue, $1.5T in cuts, and the theatrical debt limit votes. Were the dems even in the room for this?
 The botfly egg removal knife is a unitasker even  should approve of:  (via 
 Surprise! Bike race on Trinity, so no cars can get through till they're done. Doesn't suck at all.
  hey, thanks! I'll swing by for a couple.
 Contemplating watching High Fidelity, though the smart money says that will result in sadsackery.
 A terrifying picture of what would happen to the economy in case of default, by  
 "Republicans are better at refusing tax increases than Democrats are at refusing deals" -  
 Leave it to David Brooks to point out that the fiscal crisis is an opportunity to confront our own mortality. 
 Utterly in love with my  shirts that arrived yesterday. Great fit, great prints, great history. Also, papercraft Betsy Ross!
 Wow.  is making some outstanding remarks re: civility and partisanship in the oversight cmte CFPB hearing.
  I used to have Vonage and it was decent. MagicJack, however, is far from decent: 
  Meanwhile, Milton from Office Space kept trying to make an inquiry while Issa was swearing in Prof. Warren.
 Epimenides reperesent.   Fullsteam Brewery 
  how could I not favorite that?
 Finally got my  Wanderlust. Totally worth the wait. 
  I actually liked the bit about making the prices reflect the costs of each type of service.
 I love how party affiliation doesn't really predict how a person reacts to the McConnell plan.
 Given how hot it is right now, it would not break my heart if rain forced the  show inside at 
 Trying really hard to only RT  once a day. It's not easy, folks.
  Is it really the same content? Kind of moot for me though, since Netflix is what works with my tv.
 Super excited to finally see Lost in the Trees tonight.
  But it's so unfair when people make me pay for the goods and/or services I wish to consume!
  Perfect! I had a sinking feeling you were going to say something like Greenpoint. I used to be on 5th b/w President & Carroll.
  Tea Lounge in Park Slope ought to do, but I don't know where you guys are at, so that might be a bit out of the way.
  You hush. Baseball season takes as long as it takes.
 Bah! Digital antenna has crapped out. This calls for MLB.com audio and sazeracs.
 NL is stealing at will against Avila. Still not sure whether it's worth getting indignant on principle 
  Nice! Enjoy it. I miss the heck out of that place.
  Which Sox bar? Prof. Thom's was my oasis when I lived behind enemy lines. 
 That'll do, Gonzo. That'll do. 
 I know he's not *actually* Jeremy Goodwin, but I'm still giddy that  is on Twitter.
 RT  Would you say it's time for our viewers to crack each other's heads open and feast on the goo inside?
 I think it's fair to say, without a trace of hyperbole, that the GOPers involved in the debt limit talks are dangerous lunatics.
 RT  Fine print of McConnell plan gives all authority to Senator Palpatine. I can't see how this'll backfire
 Jawbreaker fell flat in the  Turntable room, and all of a sudden I feel like I've lost my compass.
 Insidious is out on DVD/Blu-Ray. Scariest movie I've seen in a long time, and I watch all of them. 
 RT  If you havent cashed that income tax refund check, I'd do it today.
  Sounds about right.
  I agree completely. I was just making the point that you can't oppose the facility on anti-choice grounds.
 RT  Raleigh planning commission just approved new food truck ordinance!
 Durham's Planned Parenthood: 1) doesn't perform abortions, and 2) serves an underserved population. So back off. 
 There are a ton of reasons to hate the Tea Party, but ruining the Gadsden Flag and the Navy Jack has to be near the top of the list.
 Pretty embarrassed that I didn't know there was a difference between an at bat and a plate appearance: 
 The Guardian's DataBlog has officialy achieved New Favorite Thing status 
 Henry, you dance like a wooden indian.
 RT  The politics of this have been very good for the White House. The final deal, however, is going to be ugly on substance.  ...
  Yeah, the internet is basically terrible.
 Seriously. Dude knows you can delete things you type, right? It saves you from having to say "Golly, that was a weird thing I just said."
 This was a good article about the problems with CSS Lint until the gratuitous (and weirdly ambivalent?) misogyny: 
 I want to be Toby Ziegler when I grow up.
 Bruce Bartlett on debt limit myths: 
  NYers have told me that the G is no longer a total farce. It's comforting to hear that things aren't so different since I left.
 Wow. Jeter got to 3000 with a homer. Hat tipped. He still can't play shortstop, though.
 Love that Mount Moriah is tagged as "secular gospel" on Bandcamp: 
  Dude, the fact that this wasn't in your top 10 of the spring makes me think you haven't heard it: 
   I did the best I could to get the glare out in the pic, but the real deal ones would have anti-glare coating.
  You and 38% of respondents.
 RT  Fracking pumps salt into forest soil, kills half the trees within 2 years. Abstract: 
   "fellowship hall": ♥
  I wouldn't have it any other way :)
  That's definitely a good thought. Next time I'll slice them up as separate images so I can randomize the order on refresh.
 Thanks for your opinions everybody! Owen is starting to pull away from the pack. Please vote if you haven't already: mwhenry.com/warbys.html
  Uh, nevermind.
  Lots of pyrotechnics so far, but no rain. One assumes that will change.
 RT  Lone bright spot for those looking to drown sorrows: employment in "beverages and tobacco products" edged up slightly.
  Have a blast, dude! I <3 Asheville!
 RT  I rarely do FF, but if you're into science & music, check  who just had this nice piece written about he ...
  Done!
  You and a lot of other folks, apparently. Thanks for yr input!
  Well, if you're offering a RT, I wouldn't object ;)
  Owen is up by 1, but it's pretty much a dead heat between Owen, Beckett, & Roosevelt.
  Yeah, I wish that weren't a factor for me, but it totally is.
 I can't decide which  frames to get, so I need you guys to vote on it:  Thanks!
  Yeah. Bill James was fascinating in that interview despite Klosterman, though.
 "[A] Canadian philosopher named Steven Pinker" LOL. 
 RT  Yeah, you're sorry you bet on baseball, Pete, but are you sorry you stole the Mac OS X pkg icon? 
  Now I am too, and it's all your fault.
  That's just the kind of sober, pragmatic thinking I expect to see on The Corner.
  <3
  Not the wiry-est, but I'm pretty fond of them anyway.  
  Your burns getting scalped is probably better than your scalp getting burned </dadjoke>
  Equal amounts of coprophagy in both, as well.
 The debt limit hostage crisis is grotesque and impossible to stop watching -- kind of like "Human Centipede."
 Congratulations to MTV for being mentioned in the same breath as  on the  home page today: 
 I wonder what the overlap is between people who think the debt ceiling is unconstitutional and those who believe in a right to privacy.
  Hey, and you even had 1) Wake's 198th win and 2) a nice delay to prolong the magic.
  Obvs.
 Today is one of those days where I'm equally relieved and disappointed not to be practicing constitutional law.
  Jealous on both counts.
 Good night for terriers at  tonight (which is a good night for me).
 RT  Please do not use alt="" when the image is the ONLY element in a link. User's need to know what a link does.   ...
  Absolutely! I meant sexy things.
 The things I'm inclined to say about this site are way racier than I like to get on Twitter: 
  Oh noes! Atheist blogger drama is infecting the science bloggers! I was f'reals afraid of this.
  My pleasure! Thanks for being awesome!
  Not that plenty of people haven't already said this, but  for sure. Got 5 home try-on frames at home right now.
 But then we won! Srsly?
  just this week. It's the random round this week.
 Really embarrassing showing during the 80s cartoon round at  trivia. Probably not going to show my face around Derm for a while.
 Turning off the unified inbox in  until I can trust myself to remember to change my "from" address when sending mail. Blech.
 When the angel on your shoulder is David Brooks, you know you really turned a corner somewhere: 
   "[T]he FBs." Lol.
 RT  Happy Independence Day. Or as dogs call it, Terrible Boom Boom Nightmare Day.
 Gorgeous American history themed tees on sale at  today:  I got the Join or Die and Rhode Island Regiment ones.
 If you only read one explanation of a mathematical constant this week, let it be this one: 
 O hai, karaoke. Sorry I MURDERED YOU.
  Thanks for the comment, man. You're right on. Also, it's effing silly how much of the web is still hover-dependent.
  the wordesy of words.
  the next timest of next times.
  your less cool doppelgänger is here tonight 
  
 Unless you're  you missed two of my karaoke performances tonight, so I feel a little sorry for you. Protip:  now.
  I'm straight up in love with my Shun santoku, but lost some Shuns in the split, so I'll check that out.
  Next time :)
  See you there, then! I'm heading back to the Pinhook after that.
 Irrationally excited for karaoke at  tonight. Are you going? Yes. You are.
 Kitchen knife porn:  Love the patina on the Kuro-uchi!
   Yeah, I use snipmate.
  Oh, good for you! Nashville is rad.
  Where are you headed?
  How many Vigebears are they giving you out there? We'll double it! Just come back to NC.
 Hangin' with Mr. Cooper 
 Really didn't think this butterfly bush was going to make it. Shows what I know. 
  Yeah, I thought it was funny at first, then I realized it was kind of awesome.
  Yep:  There's a  sesh, too. 
  I honestly wish I could tell you shouldn't be.
  But while we're on the subject of autotuned paeans to the weekend, try this on for size: 
  Hey, I didn't say it was *good* song.
 Now how do we get Rihanna to tour with The Pogues?
  Damn right, you do! 
 Why wasn't I told that Rihanna has a song where she sings about Jameson? I have a lot of conflicting emotions right now.
 RT  I just blogged "On Confidence and Real-Time Strategy Games":  A little bit of a stretch, perhaps. You  ...
  Man, if I were you'd, I'd have a tough time reaching escape velocity from AVL.
 Friends: Karaoke at  tomorrow night. It will be epic. See you there.
  Before last night, I was just a  and  fan. Now I'm totally a  fan, as well.
 I totally brought lunch today, but then  went and said they were down the street, so there goes that.
 O hai,    Cat's Cradle 
 The Oxford comma is still the Oxford comma and Generalissimo Francisco Franco is still dead.
 You can have my Oxford comma when you pry it from my cold, dead fingers.
 Just ordered a home try-on kit from  I say this now so you have fair warning that your opinions will be solicited shortly.
 Maybe I'm a mushy-headed liberal, but aren't the two pillars of the 6th circuit's HCR ruling just prima facie obvious? 
  Mazel tov!
    No doubt.
 Awesome post by  about how to land a job at  (and probably most other places you'd want to work): 
  Though I guess saying it's conveniently similar to another lousy API you may already be familiar with is faint praise.
  It's also a matter of perspective. If you've ever done any Quartz programming, the API similarity is kind of nice. /cc 
 RT  Did you miss my Sunday story about the Triangle's incubator kitchens?  featuring  & 
  The article did mention food trucks moving to the more hospitable Brooklyn, so...
 Manhattan is the new Raleigh when it comes to food trucks:  (NYT link, via 
  Nationally, it's not the only one of its kind, either. Be glad you live in Canada.
 RT  THANK YOU GOVERNOR PERDUE!!     
  Delighted to have made the cut, sir.
  It was totes cathartic.
 Totally just fed a troll. Now I feel dirty.
  Done and done: 
 RT  .  take down of  is the best thing of the last 5 minutes of Twitter.
 RT  "Dear God, I Hate Myself," the new LP by Durham, ostensibly.
  "white indie rock complacency drives this fucking cigarette burn of a towne." IT IS ALL MY FAULT
  Sadly, no. Although that's cool, and I didn't know about it. I mean when I jump to a line any other way than hitting return.
 Oh, thank god. A French person was named head of the IMF. 
  Do you have a choice of anything but Time Warner? I sure as hell didn't, but that was 4 years ago.
  If I knew what those 12 were, I'd install the heck out of them. I have yet to find one that comes close to doing it right.
 Vim, I love you, but your indentation makes me want to strangle a panda.
 In celebration of Tau day, a (effing gorgeous) musical representation of Tau:  (via 
 A Dave van Ronk film by the Coen Bros.? Yes. Please. 
 The important Chromium bugs are finally being addressed: 
 RT  Yahoo launching Hadoop spinoff company this week  
  I have not yet begun to nerd.
 Somebody at  tonight is trying to out-nerd me with some hardcore D&D talk.
 Is an agent who has studied no logic different from one who has been taught, say, Modus Tollens? What inferences would we ascribe to each?
 RT  Trying to Netflix Mary Tyler Moore show. Accidentally typed "Mary Tyler Moose." Am now trying to create a show called ...
 Dear hasLayout, 
  Naturally, you should also consider applying to 
  Thanks, Mark! //cc 
  Thanks, Bethany! Hey  ReverbNation is rad.
 Anybody know of any PHP or Rails dev jobs in the Triangle? My friend  is looking.
  OMG. Best tip ever! I already had the unreal sliders today, but now I want to go back just for that. //cc 
 Fascinating story about why  was "bounced" from doing color at the Yankees' old timers game: 
  CogSci, behavioral economics, and assorted other stuff, assuming I get it off the ground.
 Was *this close* to starting a new science/econ blog today, then saw the name I had my heart set on was taken. Let's see if I can rally.
 A seven-year-old blogs about life before the dinosaurs. It's kind of amazing: 
 If I don't have a face next time you see me, it's because  MELTED IT OFF.
 Thanks be to the Twitters for  I mean seriously. </crush>
 On the odious hedges in the just-passed NY marriage legislation: 
  that's happened to me twice in the last little while. Followed shortly thereafter by months of swelling, oozing, and itching.
 RT  HUGE NEWS: human beings now being given extremely basic civil rights in New York in a way that adversely affects no one!
 I ♥ NY
 New York: you are so close. The nation is looking to you. Make this happen.
  alas, I'm near neither. I bought the MiLB streaming package, but unlike MLB, it doesn't do mobile.
 Heard a rumor that Phil Hughes was pitching tonight for Scranton/W-B tonight. Can anybody confirm?
  I've only ever had drinks there, but I don't feel any urgency about changing that at this point.
 Except for Revolution. Ouch.
 The NYT gives the Downtown Durham food scene some love: 
 RT  Yes, COLUMBO & Cassavettes & WINGS OF DESIRE, but how about the grandfather in THE PRINCESS BRIDE? 
  Dude. Somebody needs an immersion blender.
  I had no idea you were such a master BBQ-er. +100 respect points.
 Great review of the (awesome) Mount Moriah record on Pitchfork today: 
 I'm a little ashamed to admit I've been mourning a TV character all week.
  Especially when all you really need are "American Beauty" and "Workingman's Dead".
  Whoa. When Mormons are stealing your designs, you know you've arrived. //cc 
 RT  Cuteness alert: Newly morphed Tiny Treefrogs in the Wetlands! Ranger Greg has pics: 
  If I can't have VL Boston, VL NZ would be rad. //cc 
  I'm with you. It feels buggy & kind of gratuitous. I didn't think the goal of HTML5/CSS3 was to recreate Flash's terrible UX.
  The guy was just below bin Laden on the most wanted list, yet nobody outside of New England has ever heard of him.
  Durham NC's own  has a delicious hickory smoked porter meant to pair with barbecue. Utterly delicious.
 Actually doing Rails today. I am soooo happy. This calls for some Dan Deacon.
 RT  vs. product work where there's just one baby and man you're getting pretty tired of that baby
 RT  agency work! you get to have a lot of babies, but then bears eat some. it's like being a mom in the middle ages.
  Yeah, I pretty much just wanted to tweet a picture of her.
 Tessie ate two (2!!) pairs each of socks and boxers today. Does she look contrite? 
  Hey, as long as it means you're back in town, it's totally worth it :)
    At least we can all agree that HQ & Durham are both better than those clowns in Boulder. 
 Just booked flights for the September & November Jeff Mangum shows. Southwest has an amazing special right now, so they were dirt cheap.
  I absolutely love Portland. Totally fun little town.
  The very same :) 
  Sadly, no. It was Magnetic Field. It's long gone now. Also, LOL.
  My old bar was right by there! Also HP Lovecraft's Brooklyn residence! I am awash in nostalgia.
  OMG yes. I only have Astral Weeks on vinyl, but I love Moondance. Totes jealous.
 In which our hero does a backflip 
  I haven't ruled that out.
  Right, and the comic book type is just bizarre. I guess they thought showing a real sick kid was too much.
 RT  Coming to Summer Solstice tonite? Bring some corn starch for giant oobleck pool. We need 300 lbs!! 
  The comic book baby (top, 3rd from left) is a pretty weird choice.
 I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'd totally trade the season of True Blood that's about to start for another season of Game of Thrones.
 Although he's only about 10 feet away, it took  tweeting about being in Durham for me to realize he was here.
 So I guess my jaw will just remain dropped until the next season of Game of Thrones starts.
 Remember when all of the restaurants in Durham had to close because of the competition from food trucks? Neither do I.
  Word.
 Raleigh is still kowtowing to stationary restaurant owners in the new draft of food truck regs.  (via 
 Also, I definitely didn't know that Marketa Irglova played in Iron & Wine now.
 Iron & Wine does an unironically pretty cover of George Michael: 
  We wish you were here, too!
 I almost forgot that there's an afterhours at  tomorrow! Science + beer +  = Win. 
  YQL is awesome, but I would never, ever use it in production.
 HItchens is a much higher order of critic than this new Mamet deserves. Yes, I'm still on that.
 Did you guys know that David Mamet turned into a colossal asshat? I sure didn't.  (NYT link)
 Seriously you guys, I knew  were good. I just didn't know they were that good.
 At  realizing i need to play more ping-pong with my vigebros.
 Human League +  = all the win. I mean all of it.
 Apparently I like to get to shows early enough to mutter angrily at my phone for the last couple innings of the Sox game.
 Who's coming to  at  tonight?!
 RT  Asset Pipeline Guide, the beginning: 
  If I didn't love my Airport Extreme, I'd get something in the Linksys WRT family so I could use some open source firmware.
 If anybody needs me, I'll be hitting refresh on  forever.
  oh, nice! Happy birthday, Becky!
  likewise! Might actually see you again soon since the rigsbee/geer corner is foodtruckless.
  where are y'all headed after Sam's?
 Tigers vs. Mr T at  Your guess is as good as mine.
  First  then  right?
 Is a Dutch ban on Kosher/Halal slaughter xenophobic? Maybe, but it also makes their food industry less cruel 
  Please tell me you don't actually ever have to use Dreamweaver.
 I really hope Adobe builds a neck into the next version of Fireworks so it'll be more obvious how to strangle it.
 Two songs in and I'm totally in love with the new Vetiver record. Wow.
  On the bright side (...?), we will no longer pay Brazil for the privilege of subsidizing domestic cotton production.
  My pleasure! Hope you have a great trip.
  Record stores: obviously Kim's & Other Music, but also  and 
  Doing bklyn at all? The brunch chilequiles at this place are literally my favorite meal of ever: 
 Do people still use Lisp to do AI programming?
 Phagocytosis + Yakety Sax = comedy gold 
 Wye Oak covers Danzig. There is literally nothing I don't love about this: 
  Oh, wow! Congratulations!!
  Aha. I wasn't thinking about IE6.
   FWIW, I think sitting on a yoga ball is less deadly than sitting in a char. Probably not as good as standing, tho
 RT  I, for one, support the brave young people rioting to overthrow the oppressive regime of Vancouver mayor Gregor Robertson.  ...
 RT  Happy Bloomsday today 
  What's the reasoning behind CSSLint's warning about adjoining classes? Don't they help modularity/reuse?
  Oh, wow. I had no idea there were any fireflies at all in CA. Or in Japan, for that matter!
 Is it possible that Eric Ripert is even half as nice as he comes off on Treme?
 First firefly of the year! Related: immensely glad to not live in CA right now.
 Wow. Hofstadter mentions Smalltalk in GEB. That's not a reference I got the first time around (12 years ago).
 RT  Jenny McCarthy is a monster. MT  In 06-07, France had 40 measles cases PA. So far in 2011, >10,000.  h ...
  Not transcribed, but my slides are up here: 
 It's been two weeks since I've had  That explains why I have the shakes. Will remedy that at  tonight.
  I think it was duck fat-infused Rye. Why!?
  OMG yes. Especially since it often takes something veg and makes it really not. I saw a duck fat Sazerac in TX this weekend
 JS nerds have likely already seen this, but  is a rad tool to aid in refactoring.
  I have a little bit of a cold, too. Wonder if there was a conference bug.
 The new Bon Iver is a weird mix of Phil Elverum and Peter Cetera. I'm not complaining.
  The whole new one is streaming at:  Very good, but very different.
 What's better than a new Junior Boys album? A new Junior Boys album that I didn't know was coming out!
 Another biology-related article in the Journal of Cosmology. Lolwut?  (NSFW)
 RT  RT  Game theory and basketball  by 
 Not sure who I'm more excited about having in town:  or 
  That is an awesome association to have!
 Listening to Calexico's "Feast of Wire" for the first time in a long time. Total masterpiece.
 Colin Firth: neuroscientist.  Yes it is *that* Colin Firth. He provided funding.
  Likewise, buddy. Have to do that again really soon. //cc 
  Re: your  project, don't overlook Mt. Eerie and Black Twig Pickers. They're the two I'm saddest about missing.
  Ha! I think you're right, but as an ex-Philosophy grad student the reference was greatly appreciated.
 Saw old friends, made some new ones, learned a ton, and managed not to get stabbed to death by bikers. Thanks, 
 Deschuttes Black Butte Porter for literally ever.  The Ginger Man 
 Eich is namechecking Husserl in his ECMA talk. Judge for yourself whether that is awesome.
 Cleansing my palate with cheesy green chile grits between bites of mac and cheese. Almost heaven, Austin, TX.
  Not sure I can play that on an actual guitar (i.e. one that doesn't use Flash).
 I think I can almost play "Carry the Zero" on today's Google doodle.
 RT  Funny that antibiotic effectiveness is a limited resource and that we pissed it away on industrial agriculture. OK, maybe no ...
 RT   I look forward to your next post: "Is Responsive Web Design A Good Cure For Cancer?"
  Thanks, man!
  I'm all about strong opinions. And you're definitely right that conversation is good.
 I kind of hate the internet today.
 Alright! Something i said was called "bollocks" by  That's got to count for something, right?
 RT  We've passed all inspections. Opening day Tuesday, June 14th!
 My $.02 on using responsive design for mobile devices: 
 Got a note from Apple saying a bug I filed a year ago was fixed in the iOS5 beta <3. Hooray for Mobile Safari updates.
 Sox take sole possession of first and the Bruins even things up with Vancouver. All in all, a good night in sport.
  Did I know you were going to  Either way, it'll be damn good to see you!
 Sweaty Alfredo Aceves is sweaty.
  I've never been comfortable with a Sox lead over the Yankees. Doesn't matter how large or how late.
  I try to stay on the cutting edge of surreptitious baseball tweeting.
  He is literally the Best Guy.
 Cooper & I are enjoying our Sox game. 
  Sure, but it's galling that the only update CDMA phones have had since 4.3 shipped for GSM was to fix the location tracking "bug."
  The necessariest //cc 
 If I'd known Apple was going to be so lame about iOS updates for CDMA phones, I would've stayed on at&t's terrible network.</kvetch>
  But... but why does it have a Smiths lyric over the door?
 The fact that the electric jug never caught on is borderline tragic.
 RT  I can't get enough of this gif
 Loading up the phone with 13th Floor Elevators in anticipation of heading to Austin for 
 Dan Savage on death with dignity: 
  Oh, man. If only we could get  to trend.
 RT  Gearing up for our EP Release  by taking over the cover of the Stagger. JUNE 18th, baby. 
  I was thinking "Carousel elf"
 RT  I just downloaded  Loud Planes Fly Low through  deal o' the day (only $3.99!) 
  True, insofar as it's a blog.
 Can't tuck into this now, but Dan Ariely doing a FiveBooks is pretty much the best thing ever: 
 Still raw about Pedroia not getting the cycle last night. That ball totally looked like it was going out.
 RT  DEVELOPING: Unable to broker deal, Congress hands over temporary powers to Sen. Palpatine (No Labels-Naboo)
 RT  If Obama really wants to kill off the Boehner plan he should endorse it.
  Okay, I'll admit that I LOL'd at "Did i say 'make it rain?' I meant 'quantitative easing'"
  …and Obama voted against it in 2006. The politics of it are nuts, but we still need a deal, and we need it now.
  This, stat! 
  Did you look under the hood to see if your engine was watching a movie? 
 Lion autocorrect suggested "contrattino" instead of "contraction" just now. Apparently my Mac is now Italian… and wants to make a deal.
 If "li'l" is a contraction of "little," shouldn't it have another apostrophe at the end?
 RT  Eventually a president is going to show a graph in a speech and then they all will. someone just needs to go first.
 RT  Hey non-Washingtonians: If you'd like to learn more about the debt ceiling, read this post: 
 Gauge brand sentiment (among other things) among twitter users with R: 
  Congratulations!!! Hooray!
  Pretty gray here today, so Cyann & Ben.
 What's better than vim macros? Repeating vim macros!
 RT  The chart that should accompany every story about debt-ceiling talks 
  I've never interacted with a Roku, but I adore my AppleTV.
