 RT  The Boston Bruins & Tim Thomas win the Stanley Cup. Boston's first in 39 years. Give it up for 'em...congrats, Beantow ...
 YESSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!! Alas the cup cometh home!  
 RT  Tim Thomas now owns the record for most saves in a Stanley Cup Final.
 RT  Yikes, the Bruins are doing to the Canucks what Dunkin' Donuts did to Tim Hortons when they tried to expand into New England!
 RT  Dear Hockey Gods, Thanks for the Game 7. Appreciate that. Bruins take Game 6, 5-2 
 RT  RT  I'm tired of watching the Sedin twins attack Boston's gloves with their faces.
 RT  Pat Metheny doing some solo guitar work on : That's The Way I Always Heard It Should Be (Carly Simon)  ...
 RT  Can we just please put this long national nightmare behind us, strap Palin onto a rocket and blast her into an asteroi ...
 likes Start All Over Again (feat. Dana Glover) by Dave Koz on Ping  
 RT  Facebook, You’re Going To Need A Better Answer For Your Slimeball Stunt 
 RT  Celts that beat the Heat in reg season had both  100% & tough playin beat up! Been a Celtics fan since I was 6 will a ...
 I can only hope!  Time for bed. New iMac Tuesday tomorrow I wonder?
 RT  Here's the Wikipedia page for Abottabad.  Here's the Google Maps link again, via   http:/ ...
 RT  Unix says it best:  chmod +x /bin/laden
 RT   ur being accused of being strategic, but isn't that the objective when playing a game?? 
 RT  Watch Seth Meyers knock it out of the park at the White House Correspondents Dinner: 
 RT  I disagree with the glorification of  hateful words/behavior  
 RT  BRAINS DONT HAVE FAT you ignoramus!  How did you get on this show?
 RT  Time Inc. In iPad Deal With Apple ( / Wall Street Journal)  
 Listening to  "The Fall" on Bowers & Wilkins MM-1. Simply amazing speakers.
 Rest In Peace Everton Wade. Always in the hearts of those who knew you & never forgotten.
 Home theaters, sound systems becoming more Apple-friendly -  
 likes The Complete Bitches Brew Sessions by Miles Davis on Ping  
 likes Bitches Brew by Miles Davis on Ping  
 likes 21 by Adele on Ping  
 RT  Apple Updates The MacBook Pro Line With Sandy Bridge Intel CPUs, AMD GPUs, FaceTime HD, and Thunderbolt  ...
 RT  WSJ reports that Apple is working on a smaller version of the iPhone, code-named N97, that will be half the size of ...  ...
 likes Live Forever - The Stanley Theatre, Pittsburgh, PA 9/23/1980 (Live) by Bob Marley & The Wailers on Ping  
 RT  Great photos of  today.I don't know if photographers are brave or foolish, but they're always in the thick of it  ...
 RT  "If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape one hundred days of sorrow." ~Chinese Proverb
 RT  Deutsche Bank ditches BlackBerry for iPhone, Apple puts chink in RIM's enterprise armor 
 Frigid morning. It's -1 degree outside. 
 Last weekend win over Patriots. Every Jets player had something to say. 
 Rex Ryan at press conference says he inked deal with HBO for Hard Knocks 2 (Fishing Trip). Let's go catch a goddam' bass! 
 ESPN Tom Jackson says Jets were defeated before stepping on field tonight. Tom knows how to get in your head.  
 Steelers interviews aren't quite finished yet. Packers over Steelers.  
 it's now safe to watch ESPN. No more Jets over Patriots rant. 
 Bart Scott and Rex Ryan loves ice fishing this time of year!   
 Jets come up short once again. Patriots still has three Superbowl trophies to Jets one in 1869. 
 Bart Scott and rest of Jets thought they won Superbowl last weekend beating Patriots. Where is our SB trophy? 
 ESPN Tom Jackson picked Jets to beat Steelers. Bart Scott still upset. Says Tom Jackson is trying to motivate Steelers. 
 Heath Miller, nice catch!  
 i'm not a Steeler fan; but want them to beat the Jets. Go Steelers! 
 Doesn't matter Jets scored. Jets won their Superbowl last week beating Patriots. Why didn't this Jets team show up last week? 
 RT  You know why Apple placed restrictions on the Mac and iOS App Stores?
 likes Love Letter by R. Kelly on Ping  
 Someone please call in the National Guard! The Jets need as many men as you can spare! Because the Patriots are killing the Jets! 
 WSJ.com - Thank You. No, Thank You 
 I'm loving the QuackAttack!  
 RT  If Asante Samuel would have held on to Eli Manning's pass in the Super Bowl like he did that one, Pats would have bee ...
 Loving the new Xfinity remote TV App for my iPad and works as advertised. 
 Loved TWiT Live on Boxee  
 likes This Is War by 30 Seconds to Mars on Ping  
 Woohoo! D-Link Boxee Box just arrived by special delivery!
 Just added the Apple Apple TV 2nd-gen to my have list on  
 RT  Google's self driving cars 
 How to Setup SEA Failover on DUAL VIO servers 
 Insiders+Criticize+Ellison+For+HP+CEO+Slam 
 haha, welcome to Twitter  It's about time!
 RT  Why does Dr. Oz feel the need to wear the scrubs on his talk show?  Does he think we'll forget he's a doctor?  Dr. Dr ...
 RT  See that HIT by RayLewis... part of the reason I retired! OUCH!
 OMG! I can't stop rewinding the Ray Lewis' hit on Dustin Keller. 
 RT  Sirgold: Best Buy Firing Employee Because of a  iPhone4 Video: There's an amusing video making the rounds mocking ... http: ...
 RT  No one used computers until Macintosh. No one listened to MP3 players until iPod. No one made video calls until 
 Just added the Fitbit Fitbit to my have list on  
 My fitbit finally arrived today; it's fully configured and ready to go!
  link 'audio' works for me too.
   Do it!!! you won't regret it. I'm ogling mine now. :)
 RT  The pillow fight is at Cambridge Common in Harvard Square tomorrow at 2:55pm.  
 RT  Im sorry, it seems that Conan has BOUGHT revision3 
 RT  RT  Conan O'Brien is on stage.  He is joining Revision 3!  Nice work  and crew!! 
  The "Soup Nazi" would agree with you. 
 RT  I don't even know what an ipad is but can't wait to play with it... All this from my first tweet!
 Thank you  Caught landing just in time.
  22 stories underground: Iron Mountain's experimental Room 48 data center:  (maybe 2010 will be the year)
 RT    Take a look at the POWER7. Video, photos, more. - 
  You're Welcome!
   (Pat Metheny Live With The Orchestrion)
 Microsoft’s Creative Destruction - 
 Could we soon be staying in floating hotels in the future? -  
 RT  iPhone OS update: 
 Apple iPad May Ship With Webcam: 
 I know it's early; but I believe in the Jets! 
 Just added the Apple Wireless Keyboard 2nd-gen to my have list on  
 Just moved the Apple Wired Keyboard from my have list to my had list on  
 Just moved the ASUS Eee PC 1201N from my want list to my have list on  
 RT  20+ ways to help Haiti  
 Just added the Sony PlayStation 3 Wireless Keypad to my have list on  
 Just added the Sony Playstation 3 Blu-ray Remote Control to my have list on  
 Just added the ASUS Eee PC 1201N to my want list on  
 RT  Music Legend Teddy Pendergrass Passes Away - GeekWeek 
 Just added the Fusion Garage JooJoo to my want list on  
 Just added the Canon VIXIA HF S21 to my want list on  
 Just added the Eye-Fi Explore Video to my have list on  
 RT  Android and Me: Video: How to unlock and root a Nexus One  Full 
 RT  The Bachelor is the most mind-numbing douche-laden drivel of the modern century..
 Just added the D-Link Boxee Box to my want list on  
 Just added the Apple iSlate to my want list on  
 Just added the Samsung 9000 series to my want list on  
 Just added the LaCie Rugged Hard Disk, Design by Neil Poulton to my have list on  
 Just added the Roku Digital Video Player to my have list on  
 Just added the Apple Keyboard with numeric keypad to my have list on  
 Just added the HP slate to my want list on  
 Just added the enTourage eDGe to my want list on  
 Incredible concert! time for bed.  
 ok, I can't go to be without hearing Bad.  
  after the Live webcast; tune in for the rebroadcast. 
 playing   multiplayer: 
 Comcast service is back; 3-min before game starts. 
 RT  Comcast crashing in Boston on playoff night equals massive fail.
  Enjoy!
 A meeting-free day! 
 RT  Ochocinco: No Twitter or Ustream Is Like Losing Your Johnson [VIDEO] - 
  Diggin' Mark.FM :D
  Hoping for decent weather this weekend. Can't go two weeks without swinging my Callaway irons. Skycaddie charged and ready!
 haha  most people won't get it. But it's funny!
  Congratulations on a well-deserved win!
 RT  Even if you're not a golf fan, you should be watching the British Open right now.
  just finished configuring Skycaddie SG5. Home course downloaded. Can't wait to test out in the morning.  
  he's live now
  reboot server "init 6" 
 Just added myself to the  twitter directory under:    
 Prayers are with you McGahee....
 A hit like that reminds you of what a vicious game this is.
 Goodbye Eagles!!! Maybe next year!!!
  Sooners need big stop; we'll they needed a big stop. :(
  Gator D nice stop! We'll be back; plenty of time left.
 London, UK was nice; but it's nice to be back home!
 I know what's happening; but I still can't believe it! :-)
 I know we're way ahead; but I can't wait to hit 270.
  haha, very funny! We had two groups today; I took overall and skins money! We hope to see you before end of sumer. :)
 Watching the Golf channel; rooting for the old guy "Norman" to win this weekend.
  its not you....I'm having the same issue as well.
 Checking my score card from this mornings round. I had four putts <5 ft and made only one. It has to be the putter. :(
 Thinking about hitting the driving range, prepare for the weekend or going out to eat.
  meaning, you need to start playing golf again. :)
 What a weekend....Tiger wins the US Open on Monday and a Celtics Championhip tonight!
 oh well, it doesn't appear that I'll get my 50-point win - but I'll take it! :-)
 I don't want it to end......Celts/Ray Allen keep hitting those 3's. I wanna' win by 50-points. Bury the Lakers!
 it's gonna' be a long flight back to LA, :-)
 Did the annoucer just say...."Celtics are embarrasing the Lakers"?!
  I called four (sweep), but will take six. :)
 yeah, I see the Lakers slowly giving in. :-)
 Wokring 'til noon, then it's time for US Open Golf!
 Three down, one to go! Can't wait 'til Sunday. US Open Golf, then NBA basketball; what else can a guy ask for. :)
 One down, three to go!
 Pens' win!!! what a game!!
 Come on Pens' - stop the madness and score a goal
 Mini Cooper S in "Sport Mode" is sooooo much fun to drive. :-)
 Having seafood in Plymouth, Ma enjoying a rather cool evening....
 Home from a great day of golf; watching the Celtics struggle with turnovers in the 1st quarter. Come on Celtics!!!!
 Spurs were so close.....they looked like a tired team down the stretch. Rest up Spurs....we need a win  in LA Friday night.
 Playing golf on the Vineyard on Thursday; forecast for Thursday - more rain! :(  will it ever end?
 Just purchased "The Flip" Ultra Series. Not bad video for such an inexpensive video camera.
  advertising at its finest. I know what I'm having for supper (home made) and not Taco Bell. :-)
 The Celtics gave me a massive headache.
 Why can't we have one weekend without rain? :(
  agreed - I turned it off!
  Funny, (haha) I have always said the same thing. Great golfer, but she has no personailty!
 just came back from the Apple store. A friend just purchased his first computer (Black Macbook)  Marsh finally did it!
 Bye Montreal.....heading home to rain.  means no golf this weekend
  Hoping you can't reach out and touh your pilot on the shoulders.
 
  damn! I hope it wasn't the New Audi Supercar: R8 $130K
 Paying my $115 ticket online for not wearing a seatbelt last week in Montreal. Who knew? :(
  great job on the LIVE podcast last night. Hopefully many more.
 Wow!  gracing us with her presence in Boston. :)
  google talk works just as well if not better. :)
  time to use your celebrity status. :-)
  I'd hate to trash backups; I hate to say it, try calling Apple support? :(
  I had the same issues when leopard came out; I had to fresh install and have not had a problem since.
  Wow! Apple replaced MBP without issues?
 Finishing my taxes and wanna' start crying like a 2-year old.....
  'staying awake' nothing a couple of cans of 'Redbull' can't cure.
  wait - don't whack him yet. He is your "in" to see Jobs; if he smartens up and act like Sir Paul. ;)
  Amen!
  yes, you can comment on the impending iPhone SDK, as well as the ability to launch LIVE programs on the internet.
  it's only money; you'll make plenty more. :)
  past shows that we can watch at our convenience or download to PC.
 RT  The Boston Bruins & Tim Thomas win the Stanley Cup. Boston's first in 39 years. Give it up for 'em...congrats, Beantow ...
 YESSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!! Alas the cup cometh home!  
 RT  Tim Thomas now owns the record for most saves in a Stanley Cup Final.
 RT  Yikes, the Bruins are doing to the Canucks what Dunkin' Donuts did to Tim Hortons when they tried to expand into New England!
 RT  Dear Hockey Gods, Thanks for the Game 7. Appreciate that. Bruins take Game 6, 5-2 
 RT  RT  I'm tired of watching the Sedin twins attack Boston's gloves with their faces.
 RT  Pat Metheny doing some solo guitar work on : That's The Way I Always Heard It Should Be (Carly Simon)  ...
 RT  Can we just please put this long national nightmare behind us, strap Palin onto a rocket and blast her into an asteroi ...
 likes Start All Over Again (feat. Dana Glover) by Dave Koz on Ping  
 RT  Facebook, You’re Going To Need A Better Answer For Your Slimeball Stunt 
 RT  Celts that beat the Heat in reg season had both  100% & tough playin beat up! Been a Celtics fan since I was 6 will a ...
 I can only hope!  Time for bed. New iMac Tuesday tomorrow I wonder?
 RT  Here's the Wikipedia page for Abottabad.  Here's the Google Maps link again, via   http:/ ...
 RT  Unix says it best:  chmod +x /bin/laden
 RT   ur being accused of being strategic, but isn't that the objective when playing a game?? 
 RT  Watch Seth Meyers knock it out of the park at the White House Correspondents Dinner: 
 RT  I disagree with the glorification of  hateful words/behavior  
 RT  BRAINS DONT HAVE FAT you ignoramus!  How did you get on this show?
 RT  Time Inc. In iPad Deal With Apple ( / Wall Street Journal)  
 Listening to  "The Fall" on Bowers & Wilkins MM-1. Simply amazing speakers.
