  Yeah, whether you agree or not, I do think that they put significant thought into making the change.
  They want to standardize scrolling across desktop and touch. Before, scrolling on the desktop was reversed from a touch device.
  Oh really? That sucks. I haven't been having any issues.
  Ha, only Chrome updates don't pop up and annoy the crap out of me!
 I'm kinda disappointed, it has been almost a week with no Chrome updates. Those guys are really slacking.
  You sir, are the man! Backbone.ModelBinding looks great!
 Ain't nothin wrong with a Saturday night, a bit of bourbon, and some
 Can't find any way to reduce the size of a boot camp imported virtual hdd in Parallels. Creating another VM. Such a time sink.
  Yeah, 4GB RAM limit in 2011 is just ridiculous. I guess that is what you get when you solder the RAM to the motherboard.
  awesome, thanks for the info. Must be causing you guys serious headaches.
 Looks like  is doing a webinar on Backbone.js! Go sign up, unless you're a dummy. 
  No one can destroy the metal!
  Natural scrolling would be the opposite one :-)
  That is most definitely the problem :-)
  Now that my sober mind has had time to ponder it :-)
  Yeah, makes sense that it reverses the data coming from the mouse, otherwise apps would have to be written to support both modes.
  Baaaaaaaah.
  Yeah, agreed, but I've gotten comfortable with both. I just think "I'm pushing the content, not the scrollbar"
  Ha, yeah, just make sure you run the uninstall script or it'll come back :-)
 At the behest of  I have left on "natural" scrolling in OS-X for the entire day. It isn't so bad I guess. 
  Thanks! I was looking for that.
 OS-X Lion tip: if you're getting logged out and behavior such as menu item getting clicked, 1Password locking, etc... It is AirDisplay.
  Or click "register now"
  On the main page, go to the third image in the big spinner thing. That is really odd how hard it is to find.
   Oh cool, see you guys at 
  Already upgrading? :-)
  I used iTerm2 for a bit and had some issues. No issues with Lion for you so far?
 In Lion, Terminal has a full screen view. Ha. Nothing like a full screen console on a 27 inch monitor.
  I'm on to you now :-)
 Anyone know if Lion's TRIM support is still limited by default to Apple SSDs?
  Yeah, I keep waiting to get tired of it, then new shit keeps coming out :-)
 Sometimes I wonder what I would be if I was born before computers, and I also wonder how miserable I would be doing it. :-)
  Hmm, yeah, I noticed that. Now that I look, you can tie an Apple id to your user account. Maybe you're right.
 RT  Great news, everyone: MonoTouch and Mono for Android are available today from Xamarin: 
 So Lion has "natural" scrolling and a menu option that takes you right to an on-screen keyboard. Signs of things to come?
  Ha, I used to love that game!
  Yeah, I'm only registered as an iOS dev, so I couldn't get Lion before it was released.
 Really liking the UI in Lion, much more clean and refined. Gone are the ugly "pill" looking buttons.
 Upgrading to Lion during lunch. Hope all goes well!
  Yeah, isn't that annoying. I can see a mini download bar in the dock, but I can't really tell how far along it is.
  That was happening to me for a while. Then it stopped. I'm assuming it is people trying to hack accounts.
  since you're such a nice guy I'll give you two pair for 40 bucks. And trust me, your cuisine will reign supreme.
 Oh the crap people buy  
  You can buy once as long as it is the same iTunes account.
  Ha, me too. I'm going to stick with Rdio. I do like Spotify's client though.
 Never underestimate the complexity that adding any kind of concurrency adds to a process.
 RT  MonoTouch to Xamarin now looks official :-)   <- awesome!!
  Ah, okay, interesting.
   well, I think it serializes it like that because it needs to pass it to Mongo in that way. Mongo uses _id internally.
  Touche
 Just saw a commercial that basically implied that if I use a Chase Freedom card, I will be accosted by airport security. Interesting.
  But yeah, just the id field. :-)
  Backbone.js expects the change, and you can just create a base model that you use for all of your Backbone models.
  I found it easier to set the "idAttribute" property on the backbone model than it is to change it to Mongoid.
  But you don't really use "this", you use the  symbol instead of this. So  is an instance variable.
  Oh, in Coffeescript if you use the "fat arrow" for a method "=>" it automatically binds "this" to the method.
  Yeah, I have checked it out. Not sure I really see the value. Plus backbone is gaining some real steam.
 Was just getting ready to write a post about Mongoid and Backbone.js playing nice together, but realized  beat me to it! Nice!
 Coffeescript + Backbone looks so clean compared to JavaScript + Backbone. No more _.bind("render", "blah", etc...) nonsense.
  Thanks man! You didn't need to do that!
  People just don't understand that for people like us, that is a vacation!
  Cool, thanks.
  Yeah, i was just curious. Not really a big deal.
  What app are you using to show you the connection history?
  Can you sync it to the desktop client?
  Does rdio allow you to sync music for playing offline?
  You should poke  and get him to look into it.
  Heroku hosts node.js apps now I believe.
  Yeah, I looked at both, they seem very similar.
   Instead of Democrat or Republican, I just prefer to call them all "Crooks". :-)
  I didn't, you can get in immediately by signing up for a pay account.
  Today is day 1... for the U.S.! :-)
  Yeah, so far, very impressed.
 Checking out Spotify... so far *really* liking it. The selection is darn good so far.
 How come the most interesting stuff is never the top priority? Come on universe, cooperate! :-)
  Oh no! That is terrible. Hope the kitty makes it.
  Holy crap! Congratulations!!!!
 Got to implement Tarjan's algorithm in C today in order to detect circular references in a large domain model. Fun stuff.
 Thanks everyone for the Resharper 6 feedback!
  Awesome, good to hear.
  Really, how so?
  Great, thanks!
 Anyone have anything to report as far as Resharper 6 perf or stability?
  Yeah, if you have a Google apps account (as in you pay money) you can't get Google profiles, which G+ requires.
   Would be super awesome if I could check it out. I can't until Google enables profiles for Apps accounts.
 Wow, looks like  closing a seed round  Congrats  !!
  I would take a look at Rdio. Same idea, but much more portable.
 RT  Announcing Innovate Virginia on Sep 16th. Join us for  and  in the gardens:  (please RT)
 Using Dapper for the first time today, working really well so far. Kudos to 
 "We aren't tied to the way we currently do it, except for the fact that everything has to be the same." <Sad Trombone>
  Nah, IE6 only accounts for about 0.52% of my total traffic :-)
 To clear that last tweet up, IE9 is only 6.35% of my total traffic.
 In the past month, IE9 is still only 35% of my IE traffic. And that is on a tech blog! Hopefully that is a bunch of work computers.
  It is sooooooooo bright.
 The Pow web server is pretty awesome, and so simple to setup. If you're doing Rails dev, check it out 
  Ha! No, not at all. :-) My following comment was not in response to yours.
 Nothing says "Sunday evening" like making passive aggressive comments on Twitter. Oh, by the way, I'm leaving .NET! Har har har.
 You know what I like to do, routinely pick the worst tool for the job. I like challenges.
 Arguments on Twitter are like being at the beach in May. It looks like so much fun, but you know once you jump in, you'll regret it.
  Derp, yep, it would help if I knew what day it was.
  Expecting. Due in November, we are just trying to get things done as early as possible :-)
 A glider for the baby's room....What are things I never thought I would be buying on a Friday night? Correct!
  Yeah, just not sure I want to get into that. :-) I kinda like what I do.
  And by that you mean paranoid. Was that pen on the desk in the last episode? What are they trying to sell me? Arrrgh!
  Yeah, you wonder how much of that is going on currently.
  Holy crap. That is insane! I thought you meant it was in the background on a poster or television or something.
  You can no longer trust your eyes! Argh!
  What is crazy is the ads that they insert now in live sporting events that you can't tell aren't there in real life.
  Cool, we organize them through the Richmond Software Craftsmanship Group... go here to sign up: 
 The  the other day made me really wish that there was a coworking facility out around Innsbrook.
  Or so I am reminded almost every day via the comments on my blog.
 r  You can do all of the same stuff with ASP.NET MVC!!!
  Yeah, I'm getting a crapload today as well.
  That is probably a good idea!
 I find that I liked people more before Twitter. You know, before I knew their political, environmental, social views :-)
  Clojure man, it is the "bees knees" as they say. :-)
  If you search for ".NET Hudson" your blog post is still first in Google! :-)
  No bueno, hope you feel better.
  Oh that sucks, are you sick?
  Oh, I know. :-) Mine was just Google, copy, paste. But the config is... obtuse.
  Don't even know what to say to someone like that :-) They would get a blank stare from me.
 Had to configure a WCF service to run over SSL ... so simple and straightforward. 
  Yeah, I have a hard time understanding the fear. I sorta get it, but in our industry, push forward or get out of the way.
  Yes, yes it is. I can't get my head into anything.
 Oh yeah, and waaaaaaaaaaah....cheese, wine, and all that.
 Switching back and forth between projects is killing me! Ugh.
  We just use a Google group 
  That takes some serious tooth losing skillz!
  Ha ha, that is hilarious. BTW, great to hang out today! Been way too long!
  Wish everyone felt that way :-)
   Alright, I'm cool with hippy... but I bathe daily! :-)
  Yeah, but for a while I thought I might have actually engaged adults :-) Then I woke up.
  Oh, I know I suck :-) Tell me something new!
 RT  Mission accomplished:  <- Proof that Dave Ward can move mountains (and Mountain View).
  What blog post do you refer to?
 My post on Rails had a ton of good feedback and discussion, then in the last few days it has devolved into arguing and "you suck!".
 I'm done responding to comments of people that obviously didn't bother to actually read my post. Phew... I feel better already.
  I wouldn't say that. Unless I'm missing something, you'll run into versioning problems doing that.
 NuGet has made .NET development so much more pleasurable. Gathering up libraries for a project is no longer "jump out a window" inducing.
  No problem. Glad to finally officially meet you! I see your name from time to time, but always good to meet in person.
  Hope you can make it next time!
 Thanks to everyone who made it out today for  It was really nice meeting everyone!
  Yep, noon today at Ale House in Innsbrook.
  Unfortunately it looks like it has been removed from later versions of the Chrome dev tools. Used to be on the network tab.
  Yeah, that is a fine line to walk :-)
  Yep, luckily it appears that he ended up with a legit "tech support" company. They had an entire song and dance.
  Probably would be useful, but you still have that issue of trust.
 Father called me because he clicked an ad that had a "support" number. Told him his computer was infected. Can't believe some companies.
  The problem is that I don't want to pass work off to just anyone. I want it to be people that I can personally vouch for.
  Exactly! I don't just want to hand off work to just anyone, because it reflects on me.
 Need to build up a circle of trusted folks to pass work off to. I just have no availability currently...or I don't fit the projects.
  Thanks. Yeah, I just need a lawyer lined up to either draft or look over a contract to tell me if I'm selling my soul.
  Thanks!
  lol, that didn't take long, did it? :-) He works fast, what can i say?
 Anyone in Richmond, VA know of a good local contract attorney that deals with independents? 
  Yeah, already on it.
 Anyone independent devs out there experienced in .NET and RabbitMQ? Contact me.
 The big sparkling "Live" logo on the Macy's fireworks show is ruining it for no reason. I wish people would think sometimes.
  Yeah, I never really used Gmail before I got my GAFYD. I still have an account, but I never use it for anything.
  Yeah, I just use my own domain account. I don't use, or want, a separate Google account.
  So far Google+ is really blowing me away :-)
 And I've checked, and yes Google Profiles is on the way "this year" for GAFYD accounts.
 This is all I see when I try to get in to Google+. Blows my mind. 
 Apparently I can't use Google+ yet, since I pay them money for a Google Apps account. That is crazy lame.
  Thanks! Already had someone offer one up, appreciate it!
 So how do I get in on this Google+ thing? Anyone have an invite they are looking to be free of? :-)
 Just got my  beta invite. Awesome developer oriented take on task management. Love it. You gotta check it out. 
  Yoooo, where you at? We are in the hotel bar.
 Hanging out at the checkin desk at 
  Absolutely! Oh, and feel free to invite anyone else!
  The developer lunch is going to be on Wednesday July 6th.
    Looks like the developer lunch is going to be on Wednesday July 6th. See you there!
 Argh, if you are using Feedburner, and you transfer your feed, keep in mind that some settings don't transfer. Like your "MyBrand" settings.
 Looks like transferring my RSS feed for my blog between Google accounts killed my subscriber number. Was at 3.5k, now at roughly 200.
 RT  Strange Loop 2011 schedule on HackerNews if you want to vote it up.... 
  Awesome, congrats! Yeah, that time is going to go so quick :-)
  He is due in mid-November! Hard to believe we are halfway there.
 Thanks everyone!
 It's a boy!  
  yep, first kid!
  Of course it is a boy :-) JK, I don't really know, doesn't matter to me.
 Today is the day we find out what sex the baby is! Sitting in the waiting room...the suspense!
  Yes, that is part of the fun :-)
 I am so spoiled by cloud computing, yet I still complain. This server took me 15 minutes to get running! OMG! The horror!
  But everyone is doing it.... shit.
  I haven't found it, I still use TweetDeck.
 If you name something that everyone is doing, and say "then you're doing it wrong", then you're doing it wrong.
  Only if it is a funny one. Just kidding, NO! :-)
 Richmond Developer Lunch is still tied on July 5th and 6th. Help break the tie! 
 RT  And We are LIVE! "KickoffLabs is Open For Business!"  <- Congrats!!!!
  Sorry to hear that! Yeah, it would be one heck of a drive for you!
  Damnit I always get to your posts too late :-)
 Small developer lunch (as in group size, you don't need to be small) in the West End. Want to come? Vote on the date 
  Excellent idea! Nothing pisses me off more than a "Here is your password!" email.
  Yeah, they need to change that.
  I believe it checks for updates in the background, going to the "About" page just forces it.
  Yeah, it does, you have to go to the "About" page.
  Thanks! Glad you enjoyed it!
  That looks pretty nice! I'll check it out.
  Yeah, I know what you mean, but I've tried, and I want to move things around too much. Then I have to redo entirely.
  I understand where you are coming from, but i move and changing things so much, I think something like Balsamiq would help.
  Thanks, I'll take a look at it.
  Cool, thanks. That is the exact feedback I was looking for.
 Best wireframing tool? Balsamiq? Mockingbird? Flairbuilder? Keynote/Powerpoint? Omnigraffle? Any thoughts?
 r  Love the idea. Great iPhone app! 
  Ha, you betcha! No, not really, just saw you were local.
 Interestingly enough, I bet the Google search volume on my name just went through the roof.
  Yep, hold one one second....
  You have been googled. :-)
  You spelled my name wrong, but good to know that my blog is still the first thing that pops up. I rule the internet! :-)
 It is more out of curiosity than anything. Not trying to dig up dirt. :-) But, oh the things you find :-)
 I have this habit of Googling almost everyone I meet. Is that weird, or just practical?
  Odd, it appears to be working on a different computer. Strange. Did you change anything?
  Not working for me on any platform, any browser. Not sure what is up. JS files getting served up as html.
  Looks like MVC is screwing with the URLs for custom.js and jgfeed-min.js
  Looks broke :-)
  Tuesday would work better for me probably.
  Can't do tomorrow, but could next week at some point.
  No way, I didn't use my swm30 lf swf30 2 spnd 4evr wif!
  That last one sounds around my skill level :-)
  Did you just proposition me? Ha. Business/potential client connections.
  Oh that sounds terrible :-)
 So, I need to network more, but I don't like people. Ideas? Oh I kid, I kid. But still, any ideas? :-)
  Seriously. I mean output parameters...come on!
 Writing stored procedures for the first time in years. What...have...I...done.
  Yeah, suuuuuuure it is pronounced that way. Nice save.
  I have updated it, hopefully the confusion will no longer occur :-)
  Yeah, at least it works. :-) I don't have time for all of WP7's weirdness. It is just a simple anchor link.
  The "bury your head in the sand" technique is my favorite method of UX improvement.
     Ha, that is too funny. I'm gonna switch mine up.
 How come when I click a link it Word it pauses and says "Word is preparing to load this document"? WHAT ARE YOU DOING? Load it already.
 So apparently even MongoDB can't magically overcome the laws of physics. Who would have thought? If you've got to hit disk, you're screwed.
  What device are you using?
  Really? Several other people reported that it was working just fine.
  Thanks! I'll look into it.
 MADExpo Mobile site is almost ready. Should work on iPhone, Android, and WP7. Can you help me test it? 
  Can you glance at it again. I think it is fixed now.
  Cool, thanks.
  I made a tweak to the way the lists display, can you reload it?
  Just DM'd it to you.
  I am, and I'm seeing weird rendering issues and artifacts. Wondering if it is the emulator.
 Anyone that has a WP7 phone want to help me test a website?
  Really enjoyed your talk last night. The new Tumblr app looks amazing. Can't imagine how much work went into it.
 Went to my first  meeting last night. Enjoyed the meeting, need to try to make it to more of those.
  I'm just running the emulator by itself, not through Visual Studio.
  So, in other words, you're just taunting me :-)
 So tired of creating tables. Can I have some MongoDB please.
 Awesome, Github released Github for Mac  via 
  firebut, lol
  Good call, there is also firebut lite, might check that out. Thanks!!!
 Alright, looks like there is no way to see JavaScript errors occurring in the browser on Windows Phone 7. Really? That seems...crazy.
  Thanks, but unfortunately I need to see a JavaScript error that is occurring in the browser. I'm starting to think there is no way.
 Does anyone know of a way to see errors coming from IE on Windows Phone 7? Trying to troubleshoot a mobile site issue.
  Hold on... let me see if they have a return policy :-)
 Can't believe I almost forgot to buy my MADExpo ticket, that would have been awkward :-)
  Awesome, it'll be good to catch up! Haven't seen you in a while.
 I'm really looking forward to MADExpo next week. Anyone I know heading over there? :-) 
 RT  Speaking at Refresh Richmond tonight. If you live in  are into Tumblr and have an iPhone you might want to come. htt ...
  Using a towel, chloroform, and a panel van.
  Yeah, I understand that part, but I would feel weird and out of place as a non-speaker.
  Don't waste it on work man :-)
 Paying for access to the speaker dinner at a conference feels...odd.
  You can't help everyone :-)
  Yeah, I've checked it out in the past. Time to take another look.
  That is good to know!
 Adobe Reader is telling me I have to restart in order to use it. Well, quite frankly I'd rather just not use it.
  "Air quotes are my fav"
  I agree, but forcing people to remember TLDs isn't a great solution either.
  You laugh, but honestly, that is the way it should be. It should be asking for something, not typing in some random address.
  Ah, I gotcha.
 It is a dull and dreary Radiohead kind of morning.
  I did, I got my site first.
  Yeah, that probably wouldn't be too terribly hard :-)
  I'll start putting that on my business cards... Website: search for "Ecstatic Labs"
  The whole system is silly anyways, I should ask for what I want and be given the address, not the reverse.
  Absolutely, most people just search which renders domain names obsolete. But when someone does just type it in the address bar...
  The problem is that .com is just an implementation detail. People remember the domain, not the extension, so .com is the default.
   Awesome, but I'm pretty Sure they are close to selling out! I'd get that request in quickly!
  It is in Saint Louis.
  something like that. Or the conference of people far more interesting than I am. :-)
  Yeah, already bought my tickets. Looking forward to it.
 You *seriously* have to check out Strange Loop, just check out these sessions: 
 RT  Strange Loop early bird rates go till July 8th ($250) then go up to $325...   ....
 Sometimes I wish I had more appreciation for Johnny Cash than I already do.
  I've had that problem for a long time. I have to moderate everything. Akismet catches a ton of spam, but still lets through a lot.
  Don't worry, I have a special rule for all of your comments :-)
 Just realized how busy I have been this week. Have about 50 comments on my blog to wade through. Bet 49 are spam.
  Right now there is no easy way to specify a fully host on the output file, should be easy to put in there though.
 RT  New  sign up page launched with invites. We are getting close folks. 
  Awesome! Congrats!
  Yeah, pretty awesome. I've never noticed a Chrome upgrade. Even though they happen all the time.
 If you complain that Google Chrome comes out too quickly, you shouldn't, because I bet you didn't even know you were on version 12.
  Is it for rent yet? Or just buy? Cause I'm with you man, alien invasion movies kick ass.
 RT  Once priority has become pluralized it looses it's meaning.
  Amen to that.
  This is windows, the process is more like <click> <click> <click> <click> ... pause... <click> <click> done!
  It is recommended that you MAN UP!
 Doing work while Windows Updates are installing. 
  Everyone knows regions are evil :-)
 RT  We're new, but the idea isn't new. Please come and help us make the internet a better place for devs on our new site  ...
  For people who have scruples, that is the absolute worst feeling. I'm sure the other party will understand though.
 Nothing quite like getting an e-mail from a customer telling you how much you helped them. Made my morning.
  You probably want that in your Gemfile and not install directly from cli. But if you do, you need gem install 'rspec-rails'
  I thought that AgileZen couldn't get any better...then you proved me wrong.
  Ha, I'm not talking about in the source. There are lots of things that affect a system that aren't in the codebase.
  Yeah, absolutely.
 Good read, and I completely agree. The problem stems from the abuse of the word "beta" in the software world 
 Looks like there is a free conference in Reston on September 17th called TechGate. Looks interesting, check it out 
  Maybe I am *so* insane, that I am actually sane.
  I think it very much comes back to aesthetics. Not so much reduction of keystrokes but reduction of visual noise.
  Are you watching "Through The Wormhole"? I love that show!
 Man I hate it when something works and you didn't change anything. Something changed. Something always changed. What was it? Drives me nuts.
  Their dog collars are pretty nice. Maybe I'll splurge :-)
 Am I the only person on earth who doesn't get instagram? I mean, I get it, I just don't *get* it.
 Love how blog spammers appeal to your vanity. "You are so smart. How you not more popular?" Then they link to some site selling dog collars.
  Nice! Can't pass up the free condo.
  All of us Virginians go down to NC to hit the beach, you guys come up here :-) Enjoy!
 Saw a license plate surround that said "Jesus Is Lord", I swear for ten seconds I thought it said "Jesus Island". Wondered where that was.
   I got nothing :-)
  fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu! :-)
  lol, oh that is good stuff.
 On almost a daily basis someone tweets something at me and I can't tell if I am being trolled or not. Not enough energy to find out.
  Ha, just because another tools is worse, doesn't mean your tool doesn't suck :-)
  I hear you on that, WCF services can drive me insane sometimes.
 Whenever I successfully connect to a WCF service, I feel as if I have slayed a dragon.
  I've worked with all kinds of devs before. All kinds. :-) A lot of really good developers too, thankfully!
  Oh, the people I've met :-)
 RT  The reason 30 is old for a software dev is because it has been 10 yrs since most have learned anything new
  Yeah, I spent forever trying to figure out why my screen looked like crap. I only had a single link DVI cable. Argh!
  I'm assuming that someone is taking care of your dog :-)
 Repaving a machine and installing software all night long. Ugh. Glad I only have to do this once every few years.
  Happy anniversary!
  Not sure what you mean... it is usually specified using WithMinifier()
  Yeah, that is new stuff.
 RT  Wow only 21 days until  While we're working through last minute details , why don't you go register here: http ...
  The mvc stuff is in the package install folder. Doesn't get referenced by your project as a default.
  Hope you enjoy it! Had a great time riding with you to 
  It would be nice, but won't happen. MS doesn't have hardware to subsidize.
    MS is gonna launch and app store and then still charge you 200 bucks for an upgrade.
  It caches, so the upfront perf shouldn't really matter. Besides, it is gonna depend on which backend compression library you use.
 Hopefully this is where things get interesting. Cause so far... snooooooze.
  Who is jealous? This guy!
  yeah,  is clever like that.
  Excellent idea! :-)
  Always wondered what that word meant.
 Why do people readily regurgitate quotes about premature optimization, but then have no problem prematurely abstracting everything.
  ...
 Woke up, sat in hotel, drove home, now time for sleep again. :-)
 Wow  was great this year. I don't know how these guys make it look so effortless.
  Thanks! If I get stuck I'll be sure to ask.
  Awesome! Hope you have a great trip!
 About 2 hours into rewriting Snapply into Obj-C. Making good progress so far. Got inspired by  intro to iOS talk.
  You in San Francisco now? Or still on the plane?
  lol, she didn't, but now I gotta be careful what I say on here :-)
  Oh no!
 If anyone is still around, I'm grabbing breakfast at the Hilton.
  To go from Kauau to Paris, do you go east or west?
  I found it 
 Pic from Charles Petzold's keynote. Awesome. Need to find this shirt. 
  Wassssssssssssssup.
 I'm watching Charles Petzold give a keynote. Yes, *that* Charles Petzold. And drinking a beer. Best day ever.
  What makes you think that?
  Congrats!
  I must have just missed you! See you tomorrow!
  Apparently at Bailey's Taproom. You still at the hotel?
 In Tennessee for  What is going on this evening?
  Gotta use RVM! It'll save your bacon. Tiny bit tricky to get setup, this might help 
  Oh yeah, working for C1 you'll be working from home! You'll *love* it!
 Getting ready to head out for  Excited to see everyone!
  Get to work! :-)
 RT  Just kicked up the MVC 3 preview - I like this one :)  < Ha ha, good stuff!
  Yeah, I just don't need 512GB :-)
  That is what everyone tells me. I've been keeping my head in the sand for a while. Ready to take the plunge.
  That is the 2011 Macbook Pros. Mid 2010 are fine. It is the new chipset that has issues.
  I was looking at this  434 ain't bad.
  M4 has a three year warranty.
  Eh, if they fail quickly, they get replaced for free :-)
  Yeah, but if you look at the speeds. SSD > 4 times faster than Raptor? I think it might be worth it.
  I'm looking at the new Crucial M4s. Looking at the Anandtech reviews, they scream. Previous Crucial's have had good reliability.
  Well, it seems that if you go for the fastest ones, you are getting a mixed bag. See my last tweet.
 It looks like the OCZs are some of the fastest SSDs, but they also seem to have really bad reliability. Reviews: 
  Yeah, you can do research and find the more reliable brands. They definitely vary a lot.
 I really need to invest in an SSD.
 I love that Newegg is selling backup software with SSDs as a combo. Nice cross sell.
  Seriously, Ping? Live Spaces? <vomit>
  I had considered it before, but never got around to doing it.
  Yeah, but who is going to maintain Monotouch? Compatibility with XCode 4? Lion? There is a lot of questions there.
  Well, learn Obj-C and migrate it off MonoTouch.
  It is just a toy. I used it as an excuse to play with the platform.
  Yeah, but they are built on stable Apis that don't change 4 times per year.
  LMAO Yes, that just happened.
 Wow, I hope this isn't true. 19 billion. 
  Just cause MonoTouch is dead now, and I'm not sure I'm gonna shell out $$$ again.
  Yeah, I'm sure they are covering their bases as much as possible.
  Cause Attachmate laid off the entire Mono team.
  Yeah, I would be very curious to see how difficult the port would be.
  Yes, but I'm not sure I'll invest twice just for a personal project.
 I don't think most people realize that MonoTouch seems to be dead in the water. Hopefully  will get to market quick!
  Cause MonoTouch is dead :-)
 Should rewrite my free iPhone app Snapply from MonoTouch to Objective-C? Check it out if you haven't already 
 Today was a crazy long but really productive day. Don't mind the occasional long hours when things are really progressing.
