 RT  if i hit you up and you act like u dont wanna talk..i will never hit u again. so dont be mad when i dnt respond to  ...
 I'm at Wachovia (5648 central ave, Charlotte) 
 RT  RT   damn girl you fine as hell lemme get your number (rejected) ight well fuck you th ...
 Why are there naked babies the barber shop? Lol
 About to get the hair cut!
 Chilling with  watching a scary movie marathon. :)
 I liked a  video  Lil Wayne - How to Love (Daniel de Bourg cover)
 I liked a YouTube video 
 
 RT  Lmmfao!!!!! BYE! RT   your breath stink
 RT   for talking to that hoe and you know you gotta girlfriend
 RT   if you cheat on you're beautiful, faithful ,loving woman with a girl that look like Shrek baby sister.
 RT   you already have a woman that loves you and would give you anything, yet you still out here chasing  ...
 RT  i'm pretty sure pikachu is thinking "  if you think i'm going in that pokeball " when i try to put hi ...
 RT   if you think I give even the slightest f-u-u-u-c-k about your opinion.
 RT  Ghetto Mother  for naming your baby Googleeshi'a. Oh and it means One Who Searches and Finds. That's Fancy.
 RT   if you think you gon disrespect me & get away with it!!!
 RT  You say you single by choice?  You ugly you have no choice.
 RT   if you been with your girl 20 yrs, got 3 kids by her and aint married her yet
 RT  Big Girl  talking about you finna go "Skinny Dipping".....More like "Heavy splashing"
 RT   you give up on Every problem we have.. were a couple we have to be strong and make it through our problem ...
 RT  Lol RT   everytime im not around you, you assume im cheating 
 RT   its okay for you to do something & not me. I don't like hypocrites
 RT   you don't respect my independence & freedom
 RT   I can't watch football and eat Slim Jims on Sundays. 
 RT  Riding in the car with no Air Conditioning. 
 RT  Chicks be having pounds of weave on their head. 
 RT  oh my gosh , shut up 
 RT  You want a relationship? hell nahh... 
 RT  Cuddling? 
 RT  Follow the road to Success!
 RT   to become a gangbanger
 RT  Retweet if you were born in 1984,1985,1986,1987,1988,1989,1990,1991,1992,1993,or 1994(Follow me, i follow back)
 RT  Damn. Lol RT  doing anything but stop taking drugs to pass a drug test 
 RT  I whoops ASS in Madden.
 RT  U know I got other bitches,don't worry bout me boo,worry bout u
 RT  Success depends upon previous preparation, & without such preparation there is sure to be failure. -Confucius
 RT  DON'T TRIP... HE AIN'T THROUGH WITH ME YET! 
 RT  He loves you when missing you is his hobby, caring for you is his job,
 “ Its 8pm and 93 outside” <tomorrow I'm gonna start selling ac and cold water!
 RT  my 1st memories of porn were sneakin skinamax on a raining day when the reception kinda came in
 RT  Facebook is not completely useless cause without facebook, I would forget 99% of my friend's birthdays
 RT  When I get a new calender, I always flip to my birthday month to see what the picture is.
 RT  Teacher: "I'm calling your parents!" Age 10: Omg no! Please! Age 13: Whatever.. Age 15+: Tell them I said Heyyy!
 RT  ii really want a choppa, juss to keep in the trunk
 RT  I hate when I gently toss my phone onto my bed and it decides to ricochet off 3 walls, Knock over a lamp, and hit a cat.
 RT  Keep Your Head Up Always & Forever Till The End Even If Life Looks To Be Ending Around You... 
 RT  Bitches... they come, they go... 
 RT  I wrote 'SWAG' on a sticky note and put it on my light switch, So everyday I can wake up and turn my swag on.
 RT   do dumb shit that make it look bad for the rest of us
 RT  I love hiphop & rap
  ummm I'm kinda at work lol
  its in red box now. I looked online!
 Exactly what i fear! 
 RT  So everyone a soccer expert now? O_o
 RT  Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail. Ralph Waldo Emerson
 RT  Got a main bish, got a mistress.. One makes me happy, the other makes a difference..
 RT  I bet donald trump wanna see a prove dat d last penalty did go in the net
 RT  That's a tough loss but you can't miss that many opportunities and expect to win.
 RT  If only wikipedia was a legitimate academic source... All my papers would be so much easier
 RT  LMAO Japanese ppl will not get Visa enter USA for the next 10 years
 GOOOOOOOOOOOOAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 OT can we do it? <--- Theres no other way! 
 RT  This -----> RT  The greatest of follies is to sacrifice health for any other kind of happiness. ~ Sch ...
 RT  "I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past"
 RT  Successful people do what unsuccessful people won't even attempt.
 RT         
 Get ya priorities right, Pre-order   Watch The Throne 
 RT  Kanye West ft. John Legend- Blame Game >
  he wasn't even at work. I'm about to hit him up at his house though.
 I'm at Smokey Bones Bar & Fire Grill (8760 JM Keynes Drive, Charlotte) w/ 2 others 
 USA! USA! USA!
 USA!!!!!! ( Smokey Bones Bar & Fire Grill) 
 I'm at Regal Starlight Stadium 14 (11240 North Tryon St, I-485 at Exit 32, Charlotte) 
 The power is out at work so Im getting paid to sit around. 
 RT  If you push me towards something that you think is a weakness, then I will turn that perceived weakness into a strength ...
 Well I don't know this, we haven't talked since like Dec.
 RT  If you bitches let a broke nigga fuck you, guess what? He won you dumb ass bitch..
  r u still in clt?
  sup playa
 RT  NO MATTER HOW MANY TIMES SOMEONE SAY NO !!! EVENTUALLY SOMEONE WILL SAY YES ! KEEP GOIN AFTER WHAT YOU WANT ! 
  now u made me want to go to a nightclub lol
  using my smartphone
  prayer
 RT   God, my Family and all of my REAL Friends. R-T if you're the same way!
 RT   Music, It gets me thru all the B.s
  i NEEDS to know this! Lol
  i would throw my change on stage lol :-)
  depends on the club, the girl, and the night she's dancing
  i remember when you used to not want to be on twitter
 RT  It's certain ppl that you will never be able to make happy no matter what you do . So to hell with em !
 RT  When you take a chance, you ever wonder who you took it from?
  have u left yet?
 RT  Some girls act like bitches so they won’t get hurt some girls are bitches because they got hurt.
 RT  Smh at Atl public schools. That's why all these lil bad asses so freakn slow!
 RT  Know your limits, but never stop trying to exceed them because in the end it will be the greatest achievement for you!!!  ...
 RT  Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together!  
 RT  Dreams are renewable. No matter what our age or condition, there are still untapped possibilities within us & new beauty wa ...
 RT  Success is gain by those who work hard!    = 
 RT  Life has no remote, get up and change it yourself!!!
 RT  The best changes often start as single, simple thoughts. Think big, and discover how to make your dreams real!
 RT  Keep your heart open to dreams. For as long?as there's a dream, there is hope, and as long?as there is hope, there is j ...
 RT  God is Good Always!!!!
 RT  Fake people fade away.
 RT   enjoy your day baby girl....
 Oh my damn! Ihop has funnel cakes... I just bought 3 of em! Thank you baby Jesus! (or Jesus en espanol lol)
 Good morning tweets, had a great time this weekend and holiday but now it's time to get back to the hustle called life.
  good morning and beautiful profile pic.
 RT  Tht raincheck song by j*davey got me feeling like makin love lol
 RT  "You can’t be a good reporter unless you are involved in the social media realm.” 
 RT  Blake quote of the day: The fox provides for himself, but God provides for the lion.
  thanks Im gonna DL it an then call it a night!
  no problem glad I could help.
  lol classic! I really need that song to be played at work tomorrow all day on repeat!
  lol with fly nigga crime fighting gear! And theme music!
  from blkbry full menu select options then typing and input then spell check. You can then unselect/select what u want
  nothing much dude just trying to turn it in for the night. What's good with u?
 RT  THIS!!!! RT  U dont need a bunch of friends around U to be successful. U will learn over time everyone isn't your ...
 RT  How so I take the autospell feature off the BB Torch?! Ugh! <did you get your answer?
 RT  2morrow is gonna b a long ass day
  ok I didn't know it had to be. I just like it so I rt it and sometimes its how I feel even if I don't act on it.
 RT  I hate when people drive safe speeds on the highway. Endanger your lives like the rest of us!
 RT  Its fun watching someone try to find something to stare at when riding the elevator to avoid eye contact and conversat ...
 RT  Seriously folks...your life/relationships are only as bad/hard as you ALLOW them to be...there are no exceptions to th ...
 I wanna watch a movie. Should i search netfix or visit redbox?
 RT  Don't take your health for granted.
 RT  LOL!  - If ALL the contacts in your girls phone are girl names, call one of them, I BET a deep ass voice answers
 RT  A good man brings good.. an evil man brings evil.. For the mouth speaks what the heart is full of. Luke 6:45 
 RT  And peep wonder HOW do i find the time....I MAKE the time  
 " jst had my last reservation..bout to chill until 11:30  u had to work today.
  get me some :-)
 RT  I followed you on twitter so 
 RT  NEVER let something as small as "distance" get in the way of u & yur destiny. If man can find a way 2 get 2 the moon, ...
 RT  If you took a picture while "Planking" you're a fuckin COON....
 Finally saw the xmen movie and it was good minus me not agreeing with a certain character dying.
 RT  NEVER cry over spilled milk. Whats done is DONE. Keep moving FORWARD to either RESOLVE the issue or LET IT GO.
 At ihop about to get down on an omlette and funnel cake combo! 
 Happy 4th tweets
  u right it doesn't bother me
  just wondering what you were getting into tonight/tomorrow?
 " This ooVoo thing is pretty sweet  <word? i never tried it on the iphone
  when am i gonna gets my ride? :-D
  u working?
 Getting it in at cookout number 2!  :) w/ 
 RT  Rt if your Mom mean the world to you
 RT   we put the pressure from our last relationship on our new one.. comparing  the two
 Chillin with 
 RT  I'm Tired.. I Just Want Some Head.. And A Strawberry Banana Smoothie When I Get Off Work.. 
 Made it home safely, sweet dreams -->RT" getting sleepy, hope  makes it home okay"
 RT  ....eat half of a box of krispy kreme doughnuts :)
 RT  I wish people were like money... so you could hold them up to the light to see which ones are real and which ones are fake. ...
 RT  RT  God is good !yes he Is
 RT   Can I have your 
 So i made about 18k back
 Its mid day and i have already went through 25k fml!
 Today is gonna be bannas!
 Good morning tweets
  naw i like this avi
 I'm at Wachovia (5648 central ave, Charlotte) 
 RT   Thats the law of nature. Ppl r quick to support the bull$hit, but when you speak the truth - they get allergic!
   thanks, its a start i guess...
 RT  The rainbow cannot shine, until the tears of understanding have been shed.
 RT   
 RT  Morning sex is one of the best things to wake up to.... unless of course, you’re in prison. O_0
 RT  OMG I'm trapped in my car! I refuse to get out o_0 there is a huge spider on my sunroof window looking down at me!
 RT  Low salaries are probably one of the reasons why your child's 1st grade teacher comes to school smelling of cooking wine ...
   RT  Anybody already seen Transformers??? If so how was it? <Yes awesome movie, go see it now!
  RT  Anybody already seen Transformers??? If so how was it?<Yes it's a must go NOW movie! 
 I live for the moments that last momentarily, but the momentum lasts forever!
 There r days when I wish I was still w/ her, then there r days I feel its probably for the better were aren't together anymore.
  great show and good night
  welcome back beautiful
 RT  The best & most beautiful things in life aren't seen or touched, but r felt in the heart -Helen Keller www.twitpic.co ...
 RT  There is no manly way for a guy to get his ass licked... Ur gay at that point...
  guess who is about to go get pizza
 RT  I don't trust these bitches....they might catch me slippin -Drake
 RT  Everyone can say "I love you", But not everyone really mean it. So, Believe it when you Feel it, not when you Hear it.
 RT  while your getting good im gettin great  hahahahah
 RT  "Naps on naps on naps! Got a comb, ain't got no pick. I can't even brush my shit. Need a perm up in this biiiitch.  ...
 Lucky you :-) >" My mummy bought me back some coconut drops from jamaica! *dances to jamrock*"
 I don't want to be but I'm up... And heading to work.
  what to do/say is the easy part but doing it is the hard part. 
 RT  As heartwarming as it is to hear, "aye lil mama, you cute!" let's just not.
 RT  If someone messes up once, let it go. If they mess up again let them go
 RT  "No offense" means "I'm about to insult but don't get mad".
 RT   giving people the time of of day. Who are never there when I need them.
  are you trying to not hurt or lose them? If so then think about how you would want someone to tell you the same thing.
 RT  that's right twitter peeps - along with a psychological overhaul I'm doing a physical overhaul as well - 2012 you won' ...
 Just like that>" How do you tell someone you don't see them in that way, and there your friend :s ...."
 RT  At his best, man is the noblest of all animals; separated from law & justice he is the worst. -Aristotle
 RT  Ego will kill a relationship. Be it too much or too little.
 RT  If you're too clingy  give me so space to miss yo ass
 RT  Just because she's beautiful doesn't mean she's lovable...but if you love her she will be beautiful.
 RT  bitch breathes in fried chicken and wants to call someone ugly.
 RT  Omg if he twitpics his dick ima mos def unfollow him.... smh ppl do anything for attention
 RT  If Drake ever got over his ex's he would have nothing to make music about.
 RT  I love adding new cute people to my TL! who wants to look at ugly people on their TL ??
 RT  Pre-party nap time. It's gonna be a long one folks.
