  Happy Monday!
  Good morning and have a great day!
 RT  goodmorning have a good day         ...
  Yes we should! (but I'm seeing you Wednesday) :-)
 RT  Shuffling....a new way to shine your floor.
 Photo:  
 I am reading Pericles: Prince of Tyre   
 Got lots of writing done today. Back to the office Monday. :-)
 That's deep! RT:  sometimes putting your heart on the line is necessary.  hoping it's heard.
 Evidently, my phone autocorrects "Keoni" to "Leonidas". Now that is the coolest thing ever. Haha  
 Photo: melnaau: 
 RT  I'd rather have an enemy who says that they hate me, than to keep a "FRIEND" whose mission is to put me down secret ...
 Spent a lot of money today...and the day is still young! Movies and dinner later.
 I'm at Honolulu Board Of Water Supply (630 South Beretania St, Honolulu) 
 The best. ( McKinley Car Wash) 
  Not yet because SOMEONE was supposed to send me an invite. LOL
 I'm at Jamba Juice (940 Auahi St, at Ward Gateway, Honolulu) 
 Total of 75 minutes in line, $93 in damages. 
 Dislike!!   
 Halfway point in line. Only took 36 minutes.
 Being tempted by a $20 Best Chopin 100 CD right now...
  Haha seriously. It's pretty crazy.
 Dangerous how the line at Borders wraps around alongside the popular music aisle. Now I'm gonna waste money on CDs!!
 Dostoevsky books on sale!!
 Wow Borders is a mad house right now, full on Black Friday business. Time to throw some elbows, all for the sake of literature! 
 There's a hella long line on Ward heading to the Gateway. Is that the for people heading to Borders for the sale? Good lord!
  Inconspiculatory!!
 RT  BWS shares tips on how to reduce water consumption on Hawaii News Now:
 Visiting "her". ( Macy's) 
 I checked in at Macy's (1032 Fort St Mall) on  
 99 cent tuna roll! ( Aloha Sushi Nuuanu) 
 I checked in at Aloha Sushi (1613 Nuuanu Ave) on  
 Whoa Aunty was manhandling my head! LOL ( Fantastic Sam's - Liliha Square Shopping Center) 
 I just became the mayor of Fantastic Sam's - Liliha Square Shopping Center on  
 I'm at Toyo Sushi 
 I just became the mayor of Toyo Sushi on  
 I rather invest in R&D for a gecko gamma ray. LOL RT   Hoy Hoy trap a roach works
  Sounds great! BTW, Two Noble Kinsman this week. I wanna go with the busy bee. :-)
 Greatest dentist ever! ( Jason Tanaka DDS) 
 2:12am, may as well bed. Good night friends. The weekend is here!
 RT  Nation's poet laureate to give keynote address at conservation conference 
 OMG another hydrant run over? There's a good reason why they're painted BRIGHT YELLOW people!
 Midnight reruns of Whose Line is it Anyway and Friends. Good times - who needs "a life" when you can have a TV night with mommy. :-)
  I can barely even look at it let alone man-up and get rid of it. I'm such a woman LOL I need a lizard ninja to hunt and remove them!
 OMG this sucking tiny lizard has been terrorizing me all night! God I hate lizards.
  Julia Roberts is great. Awesome movie based on true events. Enjoyed it very much. You should Netflix it. :-) How was the play?
 ... wishes he had a theater buddy. A higher class of friends is in order, no offense. LOL
 I am watching Erin Brockovich   
 She's crazy talented. RT  If you have a FB & a minute, please like my wonderful cousin's page? Mahalo! :) 
  OMG you tweeted and changed your profile pic. Hopefully more posts to come. Lunch!!
 RT             ...
 RT  Aloha Kakahiaka! Aloha Friday!         ...
 RT            
 RT           GM happy Aloha Fr ...
 Finally home after the busiest, most exhausting & challenging work week of my career. Looking forward to a restful weekend. *hugs weekend*
 Lazy to cook. ( L & L's Drive Inn) 
 I'm at Costco Gas (525 Alakawa St., btw N Nimitz & Dillingham Blvd., Honolulu) w/ 2 others 
 I'm at Honolulu Board Of Water Supply (630 South Beretania St, Honolulu) 
 Ahhhh drive thru Starbucks!! ( Starbucks) 
 I'm at Windward Mall (46-056 Kamehameha Hwy, Kaneohe) 
 God this woman still has some kind of spell on me..
 This cheesecake was awesome, from Safeway nonetheless!! 
 Home at 8pm... I don't know how 'fo act! LOL
 I just ousted  as the mayor of McDonald's on  
  That's near my old high school! Rainbow in Waikiki as well, hope that means for great days ahead. Happy Thursday Rhe!
 It's nice and sunny in beautiful Waikiki. :-) 
 RT  to the west side from town -- cars are hitting 20mph or so, but still gonna be a slow commute. rain rain go away!
 So funny people are staring at because of what I'm wearing. LOL
 *looks around* Yup, I am the only doofis on the beach at Hilton Lagoon wearing dress pants and a collared shirt. Haha
 I'm at Hilton Hawaiian Village Waikiki Beach Resort w/  
 RT  Harry Potter, 30 Minutes or Less, and South Park! Summer fun means loads of new badges!  
 Powering through another long workday on three hours sleep. Let's do this! Have a great day everyone!
 I'm at Honolulu Board Of Water Supply (630 South Beretania St, Honolulu) 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Mitsu-Ken on  
 I checked in at Mitsu-Ken (1223 N School St) on  
 I'm at Honolulu International Airport (HNL) (300 Rodgers Blvd., at Queen Liliuokalani Fwy, Honolulu) 
 Bed...need to be up at 4:15 to take Aunty to the airport. Then another very loooong day. Good night friends.
  Hey man. I do Communications/PR/Writing/Marketing for  Busy work, but definitely fulfilling. What are you up to?
 You're not supposed to love a job that sometimes sucks the life out of you, but I do. LOL
 Proud to say I MAKE time for my interns so they're experience is fulfilling. RT  Nobody Has Time for Interns: 
 Food was great, the pork chop risotto was bomb, but took them 20 minutes to get me a cup of water after I asked for it. Service is sparse.
  Nice meeting you today Gene. Glad you enjoyed the phone Booth. LOL
 I checked in at Anytime Cafe (2919 Kapiolani Blvd) on  
 Finally leaving this meeting. Now I'm hungry - where's a good place to eat in Kaimiki?
 Kaimuki neighborhood board meeting. ( Kaimuki Christian Church) 
 Not the most celebratory day at the office but SUPER Happy Birthday to my fave secretary L-Dub!! 
 Son of a gun....
 Few things can sour a morning like a $5 coffee that doesn't taste like it's supposed to. C'mon Starbucks Waimalu, get on it! 
 I'm at Honolulu Board Of Water Supply (630 South Beretania St, Honolulu) 
 I'm at Starbucks (98-1277 Kaahumanu St, at Moanalua Rd., Aiea) 
 2:22am, perfect time to fall asleep. Good night friends.
 Where RELATIONSHIPS are perfect, LIARS believe they are telling the truth, & the WORLD shows off they are (cont) 
 RT  Google+ has already disappeared in China |  (via 
 RT  Me n' u = menu
 Evidently my father's ancient VW bus broke down at his job on base and now my mom's there to tow him home. Sad.
 RT   new Aulani resort in Hawaii--AWESOME  via 
 I love how Android attempts to update all 15 apps at once, tweaks out and freezes-instead of using a queue to update one at a time. 
 RT  Got problems? This will help you. Enjoy! 
  Oh my gosh that is Awesome. I feel way better now, Thanks! LOL
 OMG nana bai dey Thelma's spaaaaasho por dinner!   
  Though I believe you could eat all of those food items you've posted, I'm quite certain you didn't. LOL Which dish is yours?
  Haha I'm almost there as well. Race? LOL But yes, it's about 'quality'.
 RT  CV Writing - Strategies For Success  
 OMG my third Safeway in the past hour! LOL But finally found my cake. :-) ( Safeway - Waimalu) 
 Still cake shopping. ( Safeway) 
 Random swear words from the deejays, frequent technical mishaps and an eclectic music mix on KTUH 90.3FM definitely amuses me. Haha
  Ugh whatever, Thanks for the invite... LOL j/k Have fun and good eats!
 The new Jason Derulo song is being played ad nauseum. Too bad it sucks.
 Hey I wasn't the last to leave my office parking lot!! Yay!
 Cake shopping. :-) ( Safeway) 
 I really enjoyed this article. Thanks Duane. RT  Boxed water competes for space in local retail stream 
 ROFL!! RT  Dear heart, please stop getting involved in everything. Your job is to pump blood, that's it...
 Bruddah man hit a fire hydrant. LOL
 OMG my office desk is soo clean you can actually see the desktop!! It hasn't been this tidy in years!! LOL
 Skimming through the first five entries of a Google search does not constitute "research".
 RT  Toyota confirms electric Rav4 for 2012  via 
 I wonder if people will return to libraries now that Borders is closing?
  Yes I feel like I need to "act a certain way" on FB whereas I can be myself on Twitter. Pure me, no censoring. LOL
 Why in the world am I hungry at 12:07am? I could eat a rhinoceros.
  Hot for reals. I needed a Jamba even at 6:30 in the evening. Sweet dreams Liane. :-)
 I think my Twitter followers know me better than my Facebook "friends"...
 Mahalo for the Aloha's!!      :-)
 I'm at Jamba Juice (91-1401 Fort Weaver Rd, at Geiger Rd, Ewa Beach) 
 Stupid Mondays... LOL
 A truly fascinating read. RT  To Monetize Social Media, Humanize It:  
 Watching the movie trailer for Immortals before finally getting out if bed. :-)
  Haha Early this morning. Yay! Happy manic Monday Liane. :-)
 It's a sad state of existence when a fatal accident occurs, people/media only talk about resulting backlog & alternate driving routes.
  We've been through PIF, Xanga, MySpace, Livejournal, Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, & Fantasy sports - Why not Google+. :-)
 1st day back in the office after taking two days funeral leave. It's gonna be one.crazy.week. Presentations commence tomorrow. Good night!!
  Yup you'd be the only person in my "best friend" circle. Haha Thanks bud.
  I'm your sad friend. LOL
 If "circles" are the only plus to Google plus, then I'm definitely forecasting a Google Buzz-like fail. Not enough to convert people.
 Still a bit disappointed by the Potter movie. Guess I need to buy the book.
 LOVE that show! RT  Criminal Minds
 What in the world... is this supposed to be a pancake andagi? LOL 
 My mom is giddy that she can order off the senior menu at Denny's.  LOL
 Post-movie Denny's action. :-) ( Denny's) 
  No because I'm a wuss. Lol
  Yup, a children's movie posing as an adult's movie. It wasn't terrible, just a bit ridiculous.
 So, Harry Potter was kinda "meh"...
  Haha I haven't seen any of the Transformers movies. Potter starting in five minutes. Have a good night bro.
 Oh they're making a move about Theseus!! Immortals looks sweet!
  I'm at the theater now watching Potter! How was Transformers?
 Celebrating Dad's Birthday with some Harry Potter! ( Consolidated Theatres Kapolei 16) 
 I just unlocked the "Harry Potter" badge on  
 I checked in at Consolidated Theatres - Kapolei 16 (890 Kamokila Blvd) on  
 Finally celebrating my father's birthday, more than a week later. LOL
  Maybe you'll find some irony And humor in me responding to a water main break in Ewa that affects my own home... LOL
 RT  Crews working on broken water main near Ewa Beach Park 
 I miss her hugs.
 OMG OMG Dobby!! :-| And Voldemort got the elder wand! Holy cows!! 
 Redbox movies. ( Foodland) 
 Icee Float!! ( Crack Seed Store) 
 Interment. ( Diamond Head Memorial Park w/  
 RT  Google: Android activations up to 550,000 per day 
 Fresh veggies! ( KCC Saturday Farmers Market w/ 5 others) 
  Geez I know, miss Smartypants. LOL I just laughed when my cousin invited everyone to the "internment ceremony." Haha
  What ladder? Lol
 Inurnment, interment, or internment, that is the question? LOL
 RT  Heading to  for 25-cent hot dogs and drinks! Starting at 10 a.m.!
 $7.99 breakfast buffet! ( Chinese Buffet) 
 I checked in at China Buffet (1830 Ala Moana Blvd) on  
 Heading into town with my parents, bright and early. Family breakfast then interment ceremonies at Diamond Head.  
  Thank you for your kind words. :-)
 Church was packed with loved ones who came to honor my Aunty Jackie. Tears, smiles, laughter & memories-thank you Jesus for my loving Aunty.
 Celebrating the life of my dear Aunty, Jacqueline English. ( Ewa Beach A/G (Assemblies of God) w/  
 Finally got some sleep - two hours of rest in sweltering Ewa Beach heat. It was marvelous. T-minus two hours.
 I'm at Jamba Juice (94-673 Kupuohi St, Waimalu) 
 So be careful how you live. Don’t live like fools, but like those who are wise. Make the most of every opportun… 
  Have a great day Uncle Dan. See you later.
  Have a great day Nani!!
 RT             ...
 RT            via 
  Hey man. No I didn't volunteer, but it's truly an honor. Funeral is in about five hours.
 RT  Happy Aloha Friday           ...
  My Aunty's eulogy. Tough thing to write.
 Home again. What a morning. Now back to writing.
 RT             ...
 RT  Aloha Kakahiaka! Aloha Friday!         ...
 Thanks! How do you give +Ks? RT  I just gave  +K about hawaii on  
 I'm at Honolulu Board Of Water Supply (630 South Beretania St, Honolulu) 
 Made it from Ewa to town on 1/12 tank of gas! Yay for fuel efficient vehicles with instant fuel economy gauges! Next stop, Tesoro. LOL
 Shalamar is DEEP!! /  Just used  to find This Is for the Lover in You by Shalamar  
 The full moon is still out. :-)
 "Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart, as working for the Lord not for men."
 Second consecutive night of No sleep,  it's becoming a luxury these days. :-|
 RT  Murdoch scandal accounted for 53% of links on Twitter, but only 6% of mainstream coverage. 
 RT  Holyawesomemovie:) the Harry potter chapter in life is now closed... Wow.  
  How was the movie bro?
 These technological difficulties are gonna keep me up all night...
  Haha Guess you were Just one amongst the insane. :-) See You in a few hours.
 Energy drink run.  I'm not allowed to fall asleep tonight... ( 7-11) 
 Love how there's a graph with no description. Labels, dear Watson. RT  By The Way, Greece!?  
 Foursquare has a "Harry Potter" badge? Are You serious?
 That's called common sense. More people need that! Haha RT   Nope. I'm not going near a theater til Monday!
  Thanks for the kind words. I'm still jealous-I so wish that puppet sat on me. LOL It's almost the weekend for you!
 Am I the only person who thinks that waiting hours in line for a movie you can watch TOMORROW is borderline INSANE? People are weird...
 This was Awesome. LOL RT  31 unintentionally offensive test answers from young children.  via 
 RT  Good explanation in the  of what the federal debt ceiling is and what would happen if no deal is reached. http:// ...
 Great Now my sleep patterns are all kinds of messed up... just woke from a seven hour nap and its only 6:37pm. :-/
 RT  hi hello aloha!          
 LIVID right now. This sucker nearly ran me into the Zipper lane barricade, drifting halfway in my lane on. Yelled at that dummy. 
 Bacon, sausage, eggs, hash browns and a Berry Cream crepe. :-) ( IHOP) [pic]: 
 RT  Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it.  - Descartes
 This is called a  
 Geez this is one clumpy cup of hot chocolate. :-|
 IHOP 
 I was thinking, like, pancakes. Plus I'm anti-Zippy's. LOL  RT   zippys, lol
 Can anyone suggest a good dine in breakfast place in Pearl City? 
 RT  Dana: "Tito stepped up... I thought [UFC 132] was gonna be Tito's last fight." 
 Still haven't slept yet. Glad I'm off today, but so much to do. Heading out in jiff.
  Good morning. *hands you a cup of coffee*
 Oh snap. Tito Ortiz gets one win and he's awarded Rashad Evans in a main event fight. That's crazy! 
 RT  Get ready philly for Rashad Evans vs Tito Ortiz!!! Aug 6th LIVE on PPV at the Wells Fargo Center!!!!!!
 RT  BREAKING: Judge declares mistrial in Roger Clemens perjury case.
  Yessir. Just tired, dealing with work stuff overnight. Have a great day buddy and thanks for caring.
 What a nightmare...
 Evidently, the John Mayer video I posted two years ago is featured on YouTube's homepage as Colbie Caillat spotlight. Kinda cool. 
 Dead tired, but awaiting a phone call. Guarantee it'll come as soon as I fall asleep...
 RT  Read & Support the  to free Hawaii from dependence on fossil fuels in 10 years   ...
 RT  Marketers jump on Jeter 3,000 catcher 
  Small kine late, but Congrats on your engagement and upcoming wedding. :-)
  Sorry to hear about your dad, but glad he's being treated well. Take care bro.
 One down, two to go.
 RT  Peyton Manning, the QB who James Harrison said Big Ben is trying to emulate, threw 12 INTs in his own territory last y ...
 RT  An old problem at Kaena Point has residents fed-up why one plan may be the key to curbing illegal off-road activity o ...
 Hmmmm...interesting. 
 Geez Yelp has been down for maintenance more times in the last two months than Foursquare has in the past 18 months. Weak.
 RT  Halawa Xeriscape Garden Plant Sale (8/6) flyer with workshop schedule & map. Volunteers wanted-FREE t-shirt & lunch! ht ...
 Ate rabbit food for lunch. I'm starving now. Can a brutha get a cannoli!!
 Just said something totally inappropriate in the office, objectifying a woman and teasing mahus. At least I thought it was funny.
 RT  so excited I got my first world cup goal, but even more that we are freaking in the WORLD CUP FINAL!!!   ...
 Erin Andrews is the best thing that's ever happend to ESPN, and sports for that matter.
 Hi friends! :-) RT  Aloha! RT         howdy!
 RT  Aloha! RT          howdy!
 RT           howdy!
 Google+ Vs. Twitter: A Personal View  via 
 The war of the social networks - The Washington Post 
 News Corp: Beware the knee-jerk crisis response  via 
 Contract reading is not fun - where's the "yes I agree" button because me no shpeeka legalese.
  That's the plan bro. Probably will he very crowded, saw pics of the last one.
 RT  If you want to network in Honolulu, be sure to drop by the Nextworking event page   
 I'm at Honolulu Board Of Water Supply (630 South Beretania St, Honolulu) 
 Aloha! RT  Happy HumpBack Wed all        
 RT  Happy HumpBack Wed all          ...
 RT  Yes!  Don't forget! Anniversary Sale on Saturday! Hot dog and a drink for 25 cents! Limit 5. Only 10 a ...
  I was just surprised. Normally the mahu Guy is the cashier. LOL This girl is cute, cannot focus on my garlic chicken. Haha
 The new cashier at Mitsu Ken is small kine gorgeous! LOL
 I checked in at Mitsu-Ken (1223 N School St) on  
 USA!! USA!! USA!! Ahead of France 2-1! :-) 
 RT  Abby wambach!!!   Amazing.  Now we gotta hold on
 Sending some love to an amazing young lady who has been like a sister to me. Happy Birthday  :-)
  Happy Wednesday Liane. Have a great day busy bee.
 RT  RT by Fri to WIN  books w/ recipes from Alan Wong, Peter Merriman, Roy Yamaguchi and more.  ...
 RT  We're OPEN for Breakfast and the Women's WORLD Cup of Soccer Team USA vs FRANCE  on down and cheer them on!
 How the IRS launched their social media program: 
 Pandora trades Flash for HTML5 in social redesign  via 
 RT  It’s a nail-biter. Heading into the half, Team USA is holding on to a 1-0 lead thanks to  & the crossbar.  ...
 RT  Into Waikiki slow today. BOWS working on Ala Wai and Kaiulani and on Kuhio at Royal Hawaiian Ave - water line issues
  <-- owns every other human being so badly....
 Okay bed for real. Need to be up in three hours. Good night young world!
  Thanks bro. Appreciate the history lesson. LOL For real, Thanks.
 RT  Now Everyone Is Out Defending Italy 
 Hold your breath, pirouette seven times, then uwehe ami & slide. That should get rid of it. Lol RT  I hate having hiccups
  BLASPHEMY!!!
 Twitter owns Facebook so badly...
  Oh yeah. Thanks for the refresher. A friend was asking me and I completely forgot what was there.
  *hugs*
  Oh really? I never ventured there when I was younger. I pretty much just visited Likilike Drive in and the old Tower Records.
  Thank you for posting so many amazing tweets. Sweet dreams!
 Attention old people (LOL): can you tell me what business used to occupy the space where Walmart is on Keeaumoku?
 Sleeping now, need to be up at 2am. Good night friends.
 Evidently my Klout score has been tanking this past week. Too much drama going on, I'll be back soon peeps. *peace*
 Evidently, Aunty's obituary was posted online today. It still doesn't feel real.
 RT  kuhio avenue reopened in waiks...watermain work will resume tomorrow morning at 9a.
 I'm at Frank F. Fasi Municipal Building (650 South King St, Honolulu) 
 Never a dull moment.
 Should be writing right now, but I'm dead tired and it'll be another long workday on Tuesday. Good night tweetsters.
  Evidently, Facebook needs to invent an "unpoke" button just for me. haha
 That awkward moment when you inadvertently POKE someone on FB. I mean what do you say? "My bad?" lol
 Gosh, finally eating something today. Hamburger steak and BBQ chicken mix plate from my childhood fave restaurant: Diner's on King Street.
 So, my phone autocorrects "Kalihi" to "Malibu". Um yeah, sure. LOL
 Finally eating something - dinner at a childhood fave Diner's restaurant in Kalihi. :-)
 See thru shirt & jeans? You'd figure Chief of Staff for a District Rep. would dress more appropriately when presenting at a Board meeting...
 Liliha neighborhood board. ( Maemae Elementary School) 
 Leaving the office in a bit, heading to Liliha neighborhood board. I haven't eaten a thing yet today...have a great night friends.
 BWS poster/poetry display is  center court near Tiki Tiki's today through June 22nd. Check of out! 
 I checked in at Windward Mall (46-056 Kamehameha Hwy) on  
 RT  FSP working on clearing accident by Waiawa in 2nd lane from left Honolulu bound
 I checked in at Starbucks (91-1401 Fort Weaver Rd) on  
 RT  Portion of School St. is closed by Lanakila Park. Road being repaired following an 8 inch water main break last night  ...
 RT  North School St. by Lanakila Park is closed this morning as Board of Water Supply (BWS) crews finish repairing the... ht ...
 Reading the  tweets and fully understanding why marriage has a 50% divorce rate.
 After this is over, I'm starting 750 words.
 Much thanks to you! And I hope You enjoyed the leftovers. RT   Thanks for a fun evening! :)
  WHAT? Seriously? Dude it's only been on sale for a week. :-(
 RT  Appears only single seats left for  GRIDIRON. Bummer. 
 People never crumble in a day.
  And read em all by Thursday night? LOL
   Ahh wish I could have been there. Thanks for sharing the pics Nor!
 RT  Haha.. Lets see there are 130 million adult men in America... RT  New Poll: Who will be Hope Solo's new b ...
 RT  I would pay  to look at me.
 RT  such a great game that im not even tired after waking up a 6am. My heart is still pumping a million miles a hour! INSPIRATI ...
 Hope Solo ( is my new crush. LOL
 "Somebody is writing this book, and it's the American attitude and drive to win." 
 RT  WooooHoooooo!!!!!! USA.....USA......USA.....Incredible job ladies. =-)
 Gooooaaaaallllllll!!! Beast mode!!! Go USA! 
 Hope Solo is BEAST!!!! 
 RT  For soccer goalies, I'm guessing stopping penalty shots is like taking a multiple choice exam you didn't study for.
 Why did she get a second shot? Not complaining though... LOL 
 RT  Let's go Solo!!!!!!! 
 RT  Goaaaaal! USA just ties the game with Brazil for penalty kicks. Let's Go USA!!
 Brah that goal shmmeeeaaannnnn!!! 
 Awesome dinner at Brasserie Du Vin getting to know the charming  Shakespeare Festival was excellent as well. Good times. :-)
 Shakespeare Festival! ( ARTS at Marks Garage, The w/ 2 others) 
 I checked in at The Arts at Mark's Garage (1159 Nuuanu Ave) on  
 I'm at Brasserie Du Vin (1115 North Bethel Street, Honolulu) 
 I just earned the Domestic badge on 
 Teddy's  
 I checked in at Teddy's Bigger Burgers (98-150 Kaonohi St, Ste C-115) on  
 I'm at Halawa Xeriscape Garden 
 I'm at City Mill (94-157 Leoleo Street, Waipahu) 
 Volunteered to work today. Though it will surely be a fun activity, I So just wanna sleep Now. Haha
 Arroha! RT  RT         **Good morning peeps!
 RT           have a good wknd!
 Time for bed. Work then Shakespeare Festival with a lovely friend. Good night home slices.
 RT  DJ SMOOK TIMES is out!  ▸ Top stories today via   
 Shoppers Willing to Connect With Retailers on Facebook - eMarketer  via 
 Can I trade my two old Acers for a new one? lol | Acer Adds Social-networking Button to New Laptops 
 Wow this was a great analysis. | Did This National Restaurant Chain Put Too Much Love Into the Like? - 
 How to keep people talking on Twitter | In Social Media’s Shadow: Tried and true tactics ready for revival 
 Seriously, watch what you post. | I Flunked My Social Media Background Check. Will You? -  
 First 3 are obvious, but the others are eye opening. | 5 ways to get your Facebook post on top - 
 Good Vibes. | Evidence of a Facebook Music Service Surfaces  via  
 Google+ to Brands: Not So Fast  via 
 Fascinating | When a Leader Aims to Please - Maggie Craddock - Harvard Business Review:  via 
 Men are gaining more jobs than women in recovery - USATODAY.com  via 
 Okay I need to clear out my email ... so I'll be posting a number of Tech, PR, Marketing, Social Media and Puppy articles - my interests lol
  Thanks bro. The cake is gone already. Haha
  Thanks. I'd share if I could. I love Liliha Bakery. :-)
 Liliha Bakery Chantilly cake  Happy Birthday dad!!
  OMG guess what? It's my dad's birthday and we're about to eat that cake! LOL
 Hey everyone. Can you recommend a good, affordable buffet restaurant for a Birthday celebration?
 I checked in at Yuki's Lunch Wagon (Lauhala & S Beretania) on  
  LOL You're too sweet. Haha Have a great day miss, it's almost the weekend!
 Hi! RT  GM!          
 RT  GM!           ...
 RT  Happy Aloha Friday           ...
 Talofa! RT  Aloha          
 Dear  It's official, you're cool now. LOL Welcome! 
 To live in the hearts we leave behind is to live forever. A gladdening ​ reunion is but a fond memory away. Reminiscence is truly beautiful.
 Great night spent reminiscing, sharing heartfelt family memories. The twinkle in someone's eye when recalling a fond memory is priceless :-)
  I know it was dark, but you should've seen it at the membership meeting... LOL
 I checked in at Liliha Bakery (515 N Kuakini St) on  
 RT  RT  MARK ELLIS, 2009 NCAA hwt champ  Mizzou, makes MMA debut in Hawaii Aug 27 vs ex HS wrestler JAKE HE ...
 Seriously not wanting to get out of bed right Now...
 A good man out of the good treasure of his heart brings forth good; and an evil man out of the evil treasure… 
 "Scars remind us of where we've been, but they don't have to dictate where we're going."
 Wow just saw the news on Scott Kamiya. That's some deep stuff.
 What a weird show...   
 OMG I would love to do this! | The Quest For Every Beard Type: 
  Yes, I call it a mini beard. But after some extensive Googling I've discovered it's called a "Van Dyke". Haha
 Dislike. :-( How are you my Aunty? RT  >.<
 Nice to see the church family tonight. Someone missed me so much they stroked my newly-grown mini beard. LOL
 Air Conditioning System maintenance means I've been sitting in my non-ventilated office, stewing for the past hour. Hopefully can bail soon.
 I'm at Honolulu Hale (530 S King St, Punchbowl St, Honolulu) 
 Go TWITTER!! | 200 million Tweets per day  via 
 Wow! Extremely comprehesive | E.W. Scripps Co. issues Social Media Policy | Poynter.:  via 
 Seriously? Unpaid overtime & long hours are part of the job | Former Employee Files Class Action Suit Against PR Firm 
 One day I'll open up a profile | Can Jeff Weiner Realize LinkedIn’s Full Potential? - BusinessWeek  via 
 Can Jeff Weiner Realize LinkedIn’s Full Potential? - BusinessWeek  via 
 A year after its big redesign, how Google News is thinking about the best ways to present news stories  via 
 Okay time to warm up my leftover Thelma's Special for lunch. Yay!
 Fact: I have not seen ANY of the Transformers movies, even though I absolutely adored the cartoon when I was a child.
 I checked in at Starbucks (91-1401 Fort Weaver Rd) on  
 The heart wants what it wants. I think I need a new heart...  ... with that, adieu, I bid thee.
 Watched America's Got Talent tonight with the parents - the Fiddleheads are legit. 
 Finally home. Rest for a bit than start my writing assignments: a speech and a eulogy. Good times. LOL
 I checked in at Thelma's Restaurant (94-366 Pupupani St) on  
  'Ello monsieur bibinka!! Haba guddei!!
 In the mood for some comfort food... Thelma's special here I come!
 OMG my desk looks like a tornado hit up in here. LOL  
 Am I the only human being who has not been following the Casey Anthony case? She's guilty though, of the travesty of having TWO first names!
 Flaming Hot Cheetos - aka the breakfast of champions. Haha :-)
 I'm at Honolulu Board Of Water Supply (630 South Beretania St, Honolulu) 
 Buzzkill... LOL Have a good one bro! RT  Back to work. ( University of Hawaii - West Oahu) 
 By the way, I'm Portuguese, only my dad is Portagee. LOL
 RT  HBR.org: 3 Ways to Increase Productivity with Better Sleep (I need to practice this. I hope it works!
 Happy 26th wedding anniversary to the parental unit. No one thought the loud-mouth Potagee man & mild-mannered Chinese girl would last. LOL
 First day at work after a three day weekend is always a total buzzkill. Good night young world - happy 4th!!
  Really? Haha But I always thought they were the exact same base and physical location. So naive.
 <3 <3  RT  Yay you got the hearts!!! RT   hearts  
  Ugh, parents nowadays not teaching their kids the important stuff... haha
  LOL People will still be listening to Sinatra a hundred years from today.
  Hope you and the family had a blast!
 No doubt!! RT  Frank Sinatra is king. That is all.
 Dessert time. Denny's milkshakes bring all the boys to the yard.
 I checked in at Denny's (94-305 Kunia Rd) on  
 Be safe out there on the roads, peoples are driving like maniacs...
 Heavy rain = heavy traffic = tweeting and driving = Keoni being late for his neighborhood board meeting.
 Oh my gosh its like the Hogwarts library up in here!!  
 I'm at Honolulu Board Of Water Supply (630 South Beretania St, Honolulu) 
  Wow, you're on it, Miss Secretary. LOL I'll buy you a drink.
 Jonesin' for a churro ... or two ... :-) ( Costco) 
 I'm at Kapolei Hale (10000 Uluohia Street, Kapolei) 
 OMG they're building a Walmart in Kapolei. And its gigantic!
 All is right in the world! RT  The NFL lockout is over, so why not sign up for fantasy football now! 
 On our way to Kapolei Hale for a poster/poetry exhibit setup.  Beautiful day.
  Happy Monday!
  Good morning and have a great day!
 RT  goodmorning have a good day         ...
 RT  Shuffling....a new way to shine your floor.
 Photo:  
 I am reading Pericles: Prince of Tyre   
 Got lots of writing done today. Back to the office Monday. :-)
 That's deep! RT:  sometimes putting your heart on the line is necessary.  hoping it's heard.
 Evidently, my phone autocorrects "Keoni" to "Leonidas". Now that is the coolest thing ever. Haha  
 Photo: melnaau: 
 RT  I'd rather have an enemy who says that they hate me, than to keep a "FRIEND" whose mission is to put me down secret ...
  Admire your courage & gumption. Some spend a lifetime trying to move on, but I'm certain you'll emerge empowered & reinvigorated <3
 Wondering how in the world am I gonna make my 7am car check up appointment tomorrow when I can never sleep before 1am.
 Random: The actress who plays JJ on Criminal Minds is breathtakingly beautiful.
 Eye gawt dis!!! 
 Pearl City neighborhood board. ( Waiau District Park) 
 Heavy rain = heavy traffic = tweeting and driving = Keoni being late for his neighborhood board meeting.
 Oh my gosh its like the Hogwarts library up in here!!  
 I'm at Honolulu Board Of Water Supply (630 South Beretania St, Honolulu) 
  Wow, you're on it, Miss Secretary. LOL I'll buy you a drink.
 Jonesin' for a churro ... or two ... :-) ( Costco) 
 I'm at Kapolei Hale (10000 Uluohia Street, Kapolei) 
 OMG they're building a Walmart in Kapolei. And its gigantic!
 All is right in the world! RT  The NFL lockout is over, so why not sign up for fantasy football now! 
 On our way to Kapolei Hale for a poster/poetry exhibit setup.  Beautiful day.
  Happy Monday!
  Good morning and have a great day!
 RT  goodmorning have a good day         ...
 RT  Shuffling....a new way to shine your floor.
 Photo:  
 I am reading Pericles: Prince of Tyre   
