 RT  Quote of the Day: "A goal is a dream with a finish line." -Duke Ellington
  why go to the toolshed when you can hang in the TOOLSHRED! PENTATONIC POWER   
  I need loot a new VHS player but I can't find a store that has one. Maybe I'll finally get that new IPAD i wanted.
 RT   the TV keeps telling  me that there is "chaos" in DC with the debt debacle. You capitalizing on the dis ...
 RT   seriously.
 RT   .. Ahh ; i miss you too! .. & smh ; they're making me feel like a slave. I try to shred in my mind, at least.
  Miss you! Hope you aren't working too much and can spend some time shedding! or shredding.
 RT  Your mamma is so fat that she brought syrup to a quiddich match cause she heard there'd be quaffles.
 RT  It took Harry Potter seven, extremely long, books to catch the bad guy. It only takes Scooby Doo a half hour.
  
 pretty new photos 
 RT  Wish I had a (voting) representative I could call to tell them to solve the stupid debt ceiling crisis. 
 RT   we have Congresswoman Norton, but she doesn't have a vote on the debt ceiling or any other issue.  ...
 RT  Yes, contact your member of Congress...if you have one. 
 RT  HEY THANKS OBAMA I WILL CALL MY SENATOR OR REPRESENTATIVE!! Oh, right... 
 RT   Agreed mostly, but please note it's Congress that needs to wake up, not Washington. We Washingtonians don ...
 Was just told "call your congressman" by a guy on the mall. Thanks for rubbing it in my face.  
 Have you ever deconstructed a blues? video: 
 RT  RIP Frank Foster, the great Basie band saxist who made 2 Blue Note records including 1968s "Manhattan Fever" http:/ ...
       Thanks Larry! Nice to connect with all of you!
 RT  Not sure if I introduced      to >  < .. good pia ...
 RT  . clearly images gas flowing toward black hole, which will help answer questions on black hole physics  ...
 RT  Happy B-day to JoAnne Brackeen, Charlie Persip & Louie Bellson born on 7/26.  
 Breaktime at the gaylord 
  that sounds lovely. Please tell me they are paying you with monkey suits...?
 RT  not kidding. monkey dancing on stage with first band!
 Put up some new video on my BLOG. Back to the grind after a month of  ! 
  I love that tune. Good choice!
  we know we're popular...I mean come on. Have you seen all of my work from home CASH CASH CASH $$$$ twitter followers?
 RT   This is a very good point. :)
  it's only pretending if you don't believe it yourself.
 RT   pretend popularity can lead to amusing exchanges... :D
  definitely know where you're coming from...
 RT   It's generally the "find work to make it worth our time to rehearse" deal - next gig I'll throw in originals  ...
  nice tune!
 RT   in fact, here's the guitar player's reverb page.  We played Samba del Sol and I played flu ...
 Video with  from 7/24 at  Amy K Bormet: Sunday Jazz Lounge 
  Did you play DOOM SAMMICH?! That should be my theme song.
 Planning my tour with  through the SE in January. No, not Anacostia, I mean the AMERICAN SOUTHEAST.
 RT  I need to restock my straight bunker. Anybody got a case of Brut cologne and a pocket fisherman?
  DANG I forgot about them. They weren't unique enough apparently. I guess free is severely overrated.
 RT   You must be blocking the "get free unique listeners" scammers... :-)
  I do whatever necessary to pretend I'm popular on the intertubes.
 RT   Welcome to my world.  I have blocked hundreds - gave up the fight though.  
  Thanks!!! I'll take all of those I can get!
 RT   Don't forget the  category. : )
  You should have seen it! There was an IKEA room. seriously.
 I have 401 followers. If I don't count unwelcome real estate and online jobs tweeters I have 23.  
  for real though, my couch is being held together by cutlery.
 Looking forward to performing for a private party at the House of Sweden tonight. 
    Thanks Monica! It was a great show! Hopefully have some video up soon.
 RT     Wow that is so awesome enjoy
   what a lovely evening. video coming soon.
 RT  Hitting tonight  w/ special guest  playing a solo set at 8:00pm.
   I LOVE MY SODASTREAM OMG
 RT   My recent seltzer obsession has caused me to consider purchasing a fancy seltzer maker machine. You hav ...
 I'll be featured tonight  with  at the Sunday Jazz Lounge. 8pm $5 PARTY!  
  SOLID. I have been watching Star Trek for hours. Hot and depressing day.
 RT  Gonna play these 10 Wii games I just bought & try to forget about today
 RT  i'm happy to share. please show thanks by sharing this link with friends. 'Gone' FREE double EP from  - . ...
 RT  Had a great summer I think it's been the best summer all because of wjai
 Can't wait to perform this Sunday  with  's Weekend in Jazz | 7.22-7.24  
 I got the powaaaah 
  don't forget to buy dinner! Don't be cheap, you won't impress yourself.
  thanks Carlyle! I can't wait!
 RT   > Really looking forward to 2012 Fest. Let me know if I can help... you trailblazer :)
 Washington Women in Jazz Festival: Smithsonian JAM feat. International Sweethearts of...  
   dang straight. I mean, its hard being awesome at 8 am.
 RT  Ahh ; we couldn't have done it without all the great teachers  & 
 Great finale today     It was smooth like BUTTER...FLY. Ready for tmrw?  !
 RT  What a performance by the students of  You guys are amazing.  
  I heard you got a sequin butterfly on the back of your  shirt?  
 RT  Yay last performance is tomorrow. I'm ready
  is the best. Took me to wicked and didn't complain as I skipped around foggy bottom singing 'we're off to see the wizard! '
  LADIES LADIES LADIES
 RT  Thursday at 1pm We continue our celebration of the month-long tribute to the LA-based UGMAA organization.  Our focus i ...
  Thanks! I have been teaching  for the last month, so that's been really crazy with rowdy 15-21 y/o kids!
 RT   How's the Jazz world doing?? Keep up the great music!!
 Good Morning heartache. I mean, stomachache. 3 MORE DAYS UNTIL NAPTIME!!!
 RT  DCist Interview: Brian Settles  via 
 Piano players wearing glasses 
 Attaboy?  
 the emily almanac.: This Weekend Was Super Busy. But I Found This.  
      If you're late I'm leaving you.
 RT  man me      are bout to kill this jazz performance  ...
  can we do 3 or later? It's movie day 
  Friday afternoon?!
 This man makes campaign promises... 
 Check this video out -- jazz musicians  via 
  WOOOO!  goes HARD!
 RT  This is gonna be a great week
 Working out band names for my new duo project with 
 "I wrote myself a new 4 word rider: FUCK YOU PAY ME" 
  thanks!
  that's hilarious! I like the concept-  we've been talking about putting classical elements in solo performance...
   Guitar, amp, cable, BAG OF SAND. 
 RT    Is the wedding going to be at the temple of doom?
 RT   yes horrid! I agree, the Seaquest dolphins get a pass but mostly for their proximity to Jonathan Brandis. Ha.
  that's why we buy our nutella at costco. Want me to hook you up next time?  is a serious EATER
 RT  when the going gets tough, the tough eat a giant tub of nutella with a spoon in one sitting
  Have fun with Kieron! I know he was amped to see you!
  did you see the horrible preview for "a dolphin tale" at HP7? The only dolphin I like is the one on SEAQUEST! 
 RT  I'm just gonna say it: I don't like dolphins. Sharks on the other hand, I love.
 Anyone have any favorite solo piano videos on 
 Giggling as I hear  transcribe the indiana jones theme for a wedding tonight. 
 Can't wait for the  concerts next week!    
  I told you he ate too many cupcakes.  is sugared up today!
 I know that I am really grown when I pass up Harry Potter so I can work a gig. OH WELL GOING TONIGHT!  
   WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! I mean oui.
 Happy Bastille Day! Celebrating tonight with  and Karine Chapdelaine in 2 sets at Bistrot Lepic.  
  Yarborough made it that way so you could prove your jazzdedication.  
 RT   .. Ahhh ; why is it so hot outside!?
   Vegetarians can always go with  
 RT  RT   Bacon is good ANYTIME. //  
 Exhausted from a day's worth of Jitterbug Waltz. Sounding good  Can't wait for next week's concerts!!! 
      Thanks!  Need lively Brazilian Music? 
 RT        Happy Wednesday!
 Dear France, I heard you got beat by a bunch of girls.
 Check this video out -- Archie Shepp - Attica Blues  
 New metro car? Who picked out this 90s star trek upholstery?  
 Ever wonder how a scat solo looks written out in words? 
 I LOVE IT TOOO OMG >Album review | Brian Settles & Central Union’s Secret Handshake: Jazz illuminati  
 UP UP AND AWAY 
 Celebrate my birthday with me at  tonight! 8pm! Shiny outfits!
  RITAS SOON PLZZZ
  Gracias Elephants Gerald!
  thanks!
 RT  Happy Birthday 
  thanks Gary!!
 RT  Birthday shoutout to  happy birthday! Hope it's a good one!
  naptime!!!
 RT  Ahh ;  I don't think ima make it to L'Enfant on time lol.
  thanks JOSH! 
 RT  Before i go to bed i have a Bday shoutout to  !!!! She my jazz piano teacher and she is a beast on the key ...
 RT  New website!    
 RT    > Cool pic. Happy Burfday !
 Birthday weekend with  We roll hard. 
 Birthday weekend spectacular!
 RT  today. july 9. brooklyn. 5pm. me. meshell. music. FREE! who's coming?    - http ...
  Thanks for the shout out. I normally have music yelling-matches but discussion sounds more polite! 
 RT   Great music discussions    - great follows!
  dang...i blew it. had to drive to get cake/ballooons!
 RT  Ahhhh ; where's  We can't mess up our record!
 Happy Birthday  !!!!!
 RT   is my gay wife.  
 RT  Ugh. It's hot. Combat the balls out hotness with this granita: 
 Holler at my girl  for all your girly needs.    
   JAZZ AND SPAGHETTI 
 RT   I want come out tonight, but... I'm going to have to catch you when you come to DC again. Have fun: 
 RT  Check out With the Roots of Flowers,  newest recording with  on lead guitar.  ...
    BOOOOOOAT
 It's 6:50 am and I'm on my way to work.  2011!
  Thanks for taking the time to check out my work! I appreciate it.
 RT  Have listened to  's jazz. Fantastic! Love that piano. I'm not into advertising but have a listen at  ...
   Thanks guys!
 RT  RT  For my  inclined friends: May I introduce you to  a wonderful D.C. original: . ...
 RT  For my  inclined friends: May I introduce you to  a wonderful D.C. original: 
 Hoping nobody gets there fingers blown off this weekend. We got some jazz to make.
 RT  Use Fireworks w/ CARE - Remember NOT all Fireworks are LEGAL in DC - Call 311 in DC to report illegal fireworks (anything ...
 RT  Bohemian Caverns on  Last night was my first time inside Bohemian Caverns after several years of driving or wa.. ...
 Loving my 4th of July weekend.  time!
  I recommend breakfast in bed with cartoons.
 RT  I think another 30 minutes of sleep will enhance the rest of this day & weekend. 
 Nice to not work at 8 am this morning. Looking forward to this 3-day party bonanza. I'm pretending I'm part of the regular sch. team. 
 RT  Yes! Great work CrashChord and 
     GREAT SHOW TONIGHT!!!  was heating up!   
 What's happening tonight?   
 What's happening tonight?  
  ps, pre party sunday afternoon at moms.
  HELLS YEAH holler at me! We will be down on the mall and then BOAT TIME.
 RT   i ain't got no comps, madam :( :( ... gotta go thru the embassy for that.
  dang, can I sneak in as makeup woman for some  photos?
  I like that tweet very much. Where were you TODAY?! TOO BUSYING TWEEETIN???! 
 RT   is not only the best piano teacher, she is real stylish. I will follow all instructions she gives.
 RT  Retweet deze tweet en maak kans op GRATIS kaartjes!  met Tania Maria, Sherry Dyanne en meer. Check http:/ ...
 More  more early jazz.  ? 
  OH NO! You are a great HLM.
 Just figured out that the  wasn't in Anacostia. Hey yall! Can I get a show anyway?
  yes. We did freebird. All night. In every key. It was wild. It was free.
 Nice shots! Can I get a tkt next time?>Photos | Vibin’ with Warren Wolf at the Turkish Ambassador’s pad  
 Making a little set list for tonight's show with  at Bistrot Lepic on Wisc. Ave. Anything you want to hear? 
  thanks for the RT! 
  thanks for the love!
 RT  Today's local DC jazz artist spotlight:  Great video of her playing a track off her new album "Striking" htt ...
  HEY! It's  ! WOO!  
 Listening to  on WPFW after a productive day at  ! Hoping I don't fall asleep during these private lessons tonight.
  JAM OOOOOOOUT
 RT  Getting redy for our gig this Friday at The Fridge with (drumroll please) guest lecturer  
  tonight! 8pm!  
   INDEED. I went out for tacos  fiesta weekend
  I don't bop. I only beeeee bimmm shoo bop.
 RT   happy to come, and congrats on a great show! Next time come get bee bim bop with us afterward.
 Watchin  rockucate. 
    WOOOOOOO
 RT  Great job today  Vids coming soon!   great solos and fantastic arrangements
 Great  debut! Big congrats to Shannon!   Thanks for coming    
 RT  Thanks Mike West for the mention in the Washington City Paper! 
 Going to bed late and getting up early for the big  debut tomorrow! Did you get your tickets yet?
 Gig in annapolis with  beautiful view!  
    My new favorite twittering twits! 
