 Protect Children from Sex Trafficking & Abuse - Today, we hosted a LIVE ONLINE INTERVIEW with Lori Regnier and Pasto... 
 Time Alone for Talking with Your Teenage Son - When is the right time to talk with your teenage son or daughter abou... 
 Join LIVE Interview with Amanda Graybill - Join us for a LIVE INTERVIEW with Amanda Graybill on Tuesday, July 12th, ... 
 Let KIA know this Ad is DANGEROUS! - To the right, you are going to see an "Award Winning" Advertisement from KIA in... 
 Military's Approach to Sexual Assault Gets RESULTS! - In the past 6 weeks, we have seen multiple military installati... 
 2 Hours from Unrest! - As you read this article, I am only 2 hours from Unrest  a 2 hour drive in the dessert heat f... 
 Violence & Nudity.  What does your child see and hear? - What does your child hear? What does your child see? What d... 
 Mother of Teen Survivor on Dr. Laura Berman - This past Tuesday when Dr. Laura Berman from the Oprah Radio Network (... 
 60 Minutes on Campus Sexual Assaults - Below is an important notice.  Please watch 60 Minutes on CBS this Sunday: De... 
 The Army says, "It's Time" - Army soldiers at Redstone Arsenal make a commitment to say, "It's Time . . .to end Sexu... 
 Fairchild Air Force Base Says, "IT'S TIME" - Today was the wonderful honor of working with the men and women serving... 
 Ask First in Images - What creative ways can you use imagery for promoting April as Sexual Assault Activism (Awarene... 
 Chocolate is GREAT WAY to start the conversation - Chocolate is a great way to start many conversations.  Check out ... 
 Honoring Sexual Assault Activism Month - April is Sexual Assault Awareness ACTIVISM Month. Do something unique each ... 
 "Hook Up" Culture is a MYTH - USA Today recently published the article More college 'hookups,' but more virgins, too... 
 Releasing Survivor Self-Blame - WARNING: This article discusses sexual activity and a conversation with a survivor. ... 
  Thank you for spreading the word!
 What do you LOVE about Asking First with intimacy?
 Sarah: Doc Love Gives BAD Dating ADVICE for a First Kiss - Watch the DSP TV episode below to see the horrible dating... 
 Sexual Assault Case in Cleveland, Texas and the Norm - If you have been following the sexual assault case in Clevela... 
 Welcome to The Date Safe Project Affiliate Program - Scroll down to login and/or get all the information you need!! 
 Masculinity in Disney Films - What do you think of the following videos analysis of masculinity in Disney movies?  I... 
 Kansas State University Wildcats Show in Numbers - Kansas State University hosted a Training Session and the "Can I ... 
 North Dakota National Guard Training with Families - Today, I was honored to be the guest speaker for the North Dako... 
 RT  K-State, TOMORROW is the "Can I Kiss You?" Show at 5pm in Student Union!! 
 UW Green Bay and Brown County make GREAT TEAM!! - Last night, UW (University of Wisconsin) Green Bay and Brown Count... 
 KPC Means Keeping Parents Clueless On Facebook 
 High school students discuss dating, sex, & bystander intervention 
 Teens & Texting: What To Do? - Yes, texting is in the news again.  How do you oversee the use?  Lets compare to how ... 
 CORRECTION: Tomorrow at West Allis Central & UW-Green Bay. If you are near either, join Mike Domitrz at the "Can I Kiss You?" Show!
 Today at West Allis Central & UW-Green Bay. If you are near either, join Mike Domitrz at the "Can I Kiss You?" Show!
 Sign the Pledge for Action Today! 
 Gotta love airplanes with high speed Internet!!
 RT  St. Alphonsus "Can I Kiss You?" presentation is only a few days away. Sunday night at 7pm!! 
 Shame on coverage concerning reporter sexually assaulted in Egypt 
 RT  ALL PARENTS: Tonight, 6:30pm at St. Lucy's in Racine.  Talk dating and intimacy with your teens!  See u there.
 RT  Anyone know why the timeline is all messed up in the new Facebook fan pages? Can that be changed? Case in point http:// ...
 High school students in Cleveland talk about consent, respect, & dating 
 Finding the Right Book for Your Class & Students - Educators, when it comes to dating and sexuality, do your student... 
 RT  Looking forward to speaking this Wednesday, 6:30pm at St. Lucy's in Racine.  PARENTS and teens (tweens too) are inv ...
 RT  RT  Why is  coming to  Listen here:   ...
 Happy  Sunday! 
 Mike Domitrz - His Story & Mission Award-Winning Author & Publisher Educator, Ally, and Expert His Story and Missio 
 RT  Please help my friends find their lost dog.  
 RT  LAST DAY: Register to win a family 4-pk of tickets to Disney on Ice, Mickey & Minnie's Magical Journey. 
 RT  Today's  show: A Parent Confronted
 Use the News EVERY DAY from Dear Abby to Nancy Grace! - Often educators and activists share with me that one of thei... 
 Thanks for the  
 We had not, thanks RT  Hey  - Have you heard about this yet? 
 RT  LSU athletes and students this SUNDAY at 8pm in Cox Comm Academic Center.  "Can I Kiss You?"  show.  See u there!
 RT  Looking forward to speaking Feb 16th, 6:30pm at St. Lucy's in Racine.  PARENTS and teens (tweens too) are invited!
 RT  MISSING: Police need your help in search for 11-year-old Desire Harris - WITI  
 RT  Tips to open up communication with the "TEEN" species         <T ...
 Use the News.  Nancy Grace and Dear Abby  via 
 RT  Stand up for children,  State Senate President Russell Pearce.  Don't stand for covering up child abuse.  c ...
 RT  Pls RT:  take a stand 2 end  get on our Pledge Honour Roll 
 College uses foursquare specials to guide students to alcohol-free venues 
 Minors Can't Give Consent to Slavery - G3nerations.org is a powerful website helping reveal how many minors are bein... 
 Have you seen MTV's Skins? 
 The King's Speech  See It! - When it comes to The King's Speech, we provide a fun challenge for you in this episode ... 
 Chicago Area Students Speak OUT against Ranking System 
 Chicago Area Students Speak OUT against Ranking System - In today's episode of DSP TV, discover a strong examples of... 
 Teens & Texting: What To Do? - Yes, texting is in the news again.  How do you oversee the use?  Lets compare to how ... 
 Rewarding Schools, Campuses, Organizations, and our Military for Making an Impact! 
 Want a Program donated? - Would you love to have the "Can I Kiss You?" program and/or "HELP! My Teen Is Dating" pres... 
 Finding a Date for Your Community - Due to the high demand for the "Can I Kiss You?" program each year, the best way... 
 Want a Fund-Raising EVENT? - Many non-profits are struggling to raise funds for their organization and we want to HE... 
 NO THEY DIDN'T - Good News!  As of this morning, Etsy.com has removed a card which was mocking a person being sexual... 
 RT  HR professionals, what is a MUST in your sexual harassment training programs?
 Please join our group on Linkedin  State Coalitions Against Sexual Assault
 STOP Etsy from allowing Vendor to sell "Rape" Cards - Etsy.com is currently allowing a vendor to sell disgusting and... 
 RT  How to teach kids goal-setting (key success skill) by setting New Years Resolutions 
 RT  Let's have an AMAZING 2011 reducing sexual violence & INCREASING healthy relationships!
  Thanks for the RT, are you going to join us for Movie Night?
 "American Teen" Movie Night - FaceBook MOVIE NIGHT (or day)! Who would like to watch the new movie "American Teen" w... 
 RT  Join us for MOVIE NIGHT ("American Teen" movie) at: 
 Shine's most inspiring women of 2010 
 3 Ways to Get Your Tween Up in the Mornings - Parenting.com  via 
 Baffling Kid Behavior Explained - Parenting.com  via 
 RT  Did you know you can donate and pledge your tweets to The Hotline via www.helpattack.com. Check it out. 
 Big Fork Little Fork: Kids & parents raved about the kitchen recipes, video how-tos and healthy eating tools:  
 RT  Facebook privacy settings are constantly changing. Check your kids' privacy settings frequently, and make sure their ...
  We love to RT great tweets!
 RT  Passionate, Accountable, Safe. Consent has got the hookup, so hookup with consent.  
 Thoughts on the Perrish Cox case and his employer?  
 Want to be a guest blogger here at The Date Safe Project?  Contact us: 
 Perrish Cox sexual assault case and how the NFL reacts - Have you heard about the recent Perrish Cox sexual assault ... 
 RT  Are All Guys are Jerks and All Girls are Trouble?  Watch now: 
 All Guys are Jerks and Women are Trouble - How often have you heard a teenager, student, and/or parents make stateme... 
 Discussing the 4 letter "F" word with your students - Yes, you need to talk with students of all ages (teenagers, mi... 
 RT  Guest Bloggers WANTED! - Would you like to be a guest blogger here at The Date Safe Project, Inc?  If so, click on  ...
 The 4 Letter “F” Word   via 
 RT  TGIF!  What fun family things do you do on the weekends?
 RT  Making goals for the New Year? Are they abt food, weight, or appearance? Don't forget to add saying "I am beautiful!" to yo ...
 RT  "How to be a good man" - Chicago Tribune 
 Our fearless leader Mike Domitrz will be at DECA's VISION 2010 in Chicago 12/2 - 4.  
 RT  Pls RT: "Activism 101: 16 Films About Violence Against Women"     
 Join us at 'Seeing the Importance of Asking' at DECA's VISION 2010. Chicago 12/3 - 4 
 RT  Check out our Resource Center for links to important information and statistics regarding sexual assault:  ...
 Did you miss  We are offering 30% off at  for the entire week! Coupon code 'CYBERWEEK'
 E's Bridal Plasty on body image.. share your thoughts:  
 College women at risk for date rape - The Battalion - News 
 "Seeing the Importance of Asking" at DECA's VISION 2010. Chicago 12/3 - 4  
 It's  We are offering 30% off at   for the entire week! Coupon code 'CYBERWEEK'
 Happy Thanksgiving
 Safe Holiday travels to all.
 Raising Well-Mannered Kids in an Uncivilized World  
 10 Better Ways to Show Your Love - MSN Relationships  
  Thanks for the tweet and support!
 Great comments regarding "Law & Order SVU" & Grey Rape:  plus a video response: 
 Join our State Coalitions Against Sexual Assault on  
 REACTION to "Law & Order: SVU" titled "Grey" - This post is a reaction to tonight's episode of "Law & Order: SVU"  b... 
 Mike Domitrz's reaction to Law & Order: SVU titled “Grey” {Blog} 
 WRONG 3 words for sexual activity and getting permission - In today's episode of DSP TV, discover the WRONG 3 words ... 
 RT  Tips for caring for a loved one with Alzheimer's 
 RT  Calling all survivors!  New way to participate in My Name Is Project.  Please RT. 
 RT  Do you have prayer requests? Your prayer circle just got bigger: 
 WRONG 3 words for sexual activity and getting permission - In today's episode of DSP TV, discover the WRONG 3 words ... 
  Thanks for the RT!
 NBC's "Law & Order SVU" and Grey Rape episode co-starring Christine Lahti and Mariska Hargitay  
 NBC's Law & Order "SVU" and Grey Rape Discussion - Today's Moment video discusses an upcoming NBC episode of "Law & ... 
 "Can I Kiss You?" Show w/ Mike Domitrz at 6pm Thursday  J. Sargeant Reynolds Community College (LTC Bldg Auditorium): 
 Who do you know we could help thru our programs and/or materials (parents, teachers, schools, orgs, media, etc)? Contact: 
 Boycott Amazon and the "Pedophile's Guide" - As of Wednesday, Nov 10th, Amazon is allowing the sale of a book which ... 
 "Can I Kiss You?" Show tonight at 7:30pm in Laurie Auditorium at Trinity University (San Antonio, TX). 
 Today: "Can I Kiss You?" Show at 9am and 12pm + 2pm in Residence Hall Lobby at Concordia University in Austin, TX 
  Thanks for the RT!
 Discussion on alcohol and sexual assault - Was informed today my response to the question, “How can the link between... 
 2 students share after the "Can I Kiss You?" show  
 Check out Mike Domitrz's discussion on alcohol and sexual assault - “How can the link between... 
 "Can I Kiss You?" Show at 9am and 12pm + 2pm in Residence Hall Lobby at Concordia University in Austin, TX  
 RT   isn't a mood killer, it's a mood thriller.
 RT  Consent exists on a tremendous and diverse spectrum.
 RT  Today I got to chat with First Lady Michelle Obama. I loved what she had to say about bullying. 
  Track your child during Halloween.  It's free!
  You got it. anytime.
 RT  Just learned about  - great stuff!  Is a transcript available? Thank you! :)
  You got it. 
 Mike will be speaking at Wichita State University tonight at 6pm in the CAC Theater   Free admission (cc 
 anyone use chattrspace.com?
 RT  Today's  show: End the Silence on Domestic Violence: Teen Dating Violence
 End the Silence on Domestic Violence w/  
 RT  College students, name an item under $20 you would like to win!
 Want to track your children while they are trick or treating? 
 Central Washington University Students Drugged at Party AND the Reaction 
 Mike is speaking today at Minnesota State University in Mankato, Minnesota.
  Anytime. 
 RT   Plz RT:Help PCASA recruit 1,000 generous peeps 2 donate $35 to help save victim services! Donate here http:/ ...
 Nickelodeon Wants Your Help To End Sexual Violence - The Nickelodeon Network is looking to feature a 15yr old to 19y... 
 RT   Keep Prairie Ctr Against Sexual Assault's crisis services alive plz donate 2day Every $ counts  ...
 Everyone has a story, share yours!
  Thanks for the RT :)
  Thanks for the RT!
  Thanks for the RT!
  Thanks for the RT!
  Thanks for the RT!
  Thanks for the RT!
 RT   during pregnancy can have lasting harmful effects for a woman, developing fetus, and newborn. Learn more: http:// ...
   Thanks for the tweet regarding Nickelodeon
 Nickelodeon is looking to feature a 15 - 19 year old female activist working to end sexual violence.  Know someone?
 Duke Student PowerPoint "Sex List" Coverage MISSING the point 
 Thanks for the  
 RT   save rape crisis centers in Illinois-watch this video- Pls R ...
 RT   Put an end to bullying. 2010 National Coming Out Day.  
 Anyone watch MTV's Teen Mom?  thoughts?
 Hello 
 It has been parent/teacher conference week, what questions do you ask?
 Bullying MUST be addressed - This past week, much of our country learned about the Tyler Clementi suicide case (afte... 
 Everyone likes FREE, right?  [Free ebook]
 Everyone likes FREE, right?  [Free ebook]
 Everyone likes FREE, right?  [Free ebook]
 Ask first. 
 RT  training course on   and   will be held Dec 6-10, 2010 in Aurora, Colorado  ...
 RT  Did you know? Mount Mary has over 7 faculty and staff involved in  initiatives serving SE WI.   ...
  Yes! 
  Thanks for the RT!
 Bullying must be addressed - 
 Give A Damn  
 It's National Bullying Prevention Month: 
 At 
 RT  Sunbelt Snacks will send $1 to  for every new person who “Likes” their Facebook page! 
 RT  Today kicks off Breast Cancer Awareness Month! Have you scheduled your mammogram yet?
 What would you like to see on DSP TV (coming soon)? Issues, ideas, challenges?
  Anytime, 
 Social Networking is not new. The platform is. 
 Check this video out -- WHERE GOOD IDEAS COME FROM by Steven Johnson  via 
 Happy National Coffee Day!
 RT  instead of thinking about the trauma or having flashbacks which is what you would see in adults, children will play-a ...
 Please join our State Coalitions Against Sexual Assault on Linkedin: 
  Thanks for the follow. Be sure to follow Mike (our fearless leader)  as well.
  Anytime! :)
 RT  Newest Prevention Posters from   
     
  Thanks for the RT & support
  Thanks for the RT and support.
  Your support is greatly appreciated. 
 Tomorrow night (Thursday) in Milwaukee at Marquette University will be the "Can I Kiss You?" Show at 7pm in Weasler Auditorium.
 Happy   Please support these amazing orgs     
 Current song playing in our office:  
 So proud of our team member Rita & her husband (Jeff) for completing the  
