 Please fire me. My co-worker asked, “Can you show me how to check e-mail?” She has been... 
 Please fire me. My boss recently asked for a company logo to be resized and recolored… 
 Please fire me. Any time I want to store my Lean Cuisine in the refrigerator I have to fill… 
 RT  Based on all the "reminder" emails I get from Linkedin I'm pretty sure the site is being run by my Mom.
 Please fire me. When I asked my boss if we could “roast” my retiring co-worker, she replied… 
 Don't be so evil: A guide for bosses | The Chicago Tribune 
 An article in The Chicago Tribune with an interview about  "Horrible Bosses" article in  
 Please fire me. When my co-worker relieves me for break at my console, he sits and farts in… 
 Please fire me. My boss is a vampy cougar in six-inch leopard print heels. The only person… 
 Please fire me. Roaches crawl out of the phone I use every day, and no matter how many pens I… 
 Please fire me. The ladies I work with think the silent treatment is a better option than… 
 Please fire me. I work in a hospital. Due to budget cuts, the body bags provided to hold the… 
 Please fire me. I was hired at my job and nobody knew about it. I had to email everyone… 
 Please fire me. Two little girls thought it would be funny to lock all the stalls in the… 
 The Taxonomy Of Horrible Bosses 
 Please fire me. My name is Layla, but due to the fact someone once called me Lauren I now… 
 RT  It seems like most of my work consists of coming up with various ways to say "No"
 Please fire me. My co-worker told me to come help clean her office space, and then my… 
 RT  "We are NOT going to talk about work." - co-workers moments from talking about work
 Please fire me. This is what I walked in to this morning. I’m... 
 RT  An executive comes over to my desk to meet me & I literally have a Google page up for "poisons that kill instantly"
 RT  CEO extended wage freeze another six months, the exercised $2 million in options. Off with his head! 
 Please fire me. My boss yelled at me in front of patients for pulling toilet paper off of the… 
 RT  Love stock photos? Check out what I wrote with  about  "The Taxonomy of Horrible Bosses" htt ...
 Pleas fire me. My boss decided to put an “ Authorized Personel Only” sign on his chair today… 
 RT  Other Horrible Bosses: A Scientific Study  via  (Co-written with  abou ...
 RT  Lots of construction noise in the office today. I'm hoping someone is working on a tunnel out of here.
 Please fire me. The receptionist said I have a call on line one, but the caller hung up. I… 
 Please fire me. Hell exists on earth. Here. 
 Please fire me. The other day my boss (who just recently had a boob job) asked me if her… 
 RT  nothing says "i've totally got my shit together" like sending a work related email at 2am
 Please fire me. My boss makes everyone sign out on a list when they leave their desk to go to… 
 Please fire me. My boss can not stand the fact that I have a young daughter with special… 
 Please fire me. My co-worker got married over a year ago, and she still has at least ten… 
 Please fire me. I hate everything and everyone here. 
 RT  If by "The Bahamas" you mean the swivelly chair in our office conference room, then I'm totally going to The Bahamas today.
 Please fire me. During work parties my boss gets completely hammered and then tries to kiss… 
 Please fire me. I was written up for coming in EARLY to help out in our busy purchasing… 
 Please fire me. My manager stated that I am too white to understand the needs of our black… 
 RT  Just processed an entire purchase order without realizing there was a discount at the end. I now understand why guns are  ...
 Please fire me, I’ve had to be re-certified to do my job because corporate gave the… 
 Please fire me. At the end of the day today, right before closing, a woman came in with her... 
 Please fire me. Because I live in San Francisco, my client continually says in meetings,... 
 RT  It tastes like they used the premium fine-milled sawdust in the scones today. It's nice when Starbucks does a little so ...
 RT  When the Revolution comes, I'm shooting everyone who uses a speakerphone without closing the door.
 Please fire me. My boss just asked me if “pork and beans” is one word or two. 
 RT  Thanks  for reviewing of my book  And thanks silent co-author  for all your jokes.  ...
 Please fire me. A 50-something-year-old co-worker asked, “Where’s Canada? Is that the one… 
 Please fire me. My boss is my mother. 
 Please fire me. I work at a school and my boss never did our end of the year review. On the… 
 Please fire me. My office manager sent an email out today that simply said: “If you have more… 
 If you hate PowerPoint, please RT  PowerPoint slideshow: 
 Please fire me. My co-worker doesn’t know who Colin Powell is. She Googled him, saw his… 
 RT  How to make your fake sick-day calls to the boss sound legit  (My  expertise was called  ...
 Please fire me. I got an email from the boss this morning asking what b/c meant. 
 Please fire me. My boss does not know how to send an attachment on an email. 
 Please fire me. My boss just worked up a new schedule for employees to work a 35-hour week… 
 Please fire me. My co-worker took off her shoes the other day and asked me if her toenails… 
 Please fire me. My cube farm is surrounded by bigwig offices. They speak to each other via... 
 Please fire me. My boss had me check numbers on a sixteen page excel printout. By hand. With… 
 RT  I guess there's an unwritten rule at work that you're not supposed to shit in people's purses.
 Please fire me. A co-worker got promoted because he sells weed to the boss. 
 Please fire me. Today, my boss criticized me for having too high of standards in my work.... 
 Please fire me. I had to spend four hours at an event over the weekend just to set up and… 
 RT   : At some workplaces, getting fired is considered 'career development'. 
 Please fire me. For a boss who doesn’t like me and is definitely not my friend, I found it… 
 Please fire me. My co-worker likes to tag along wherever I go, even to the bathroom. We’re… 
 Please fire me. I run the  Twitter and didn't realize it was linked to my  account.
 I'm on  front page! I'm a lobster in hipster glasses now. Addressing the issue, "Are Lobsters Funny?" 
 Please fire me. I work with the most awkward person ever. She will stand behind me quietly… 
 Please fire me. A client came in today with several thousand in cash, all covered in blood. I… 
 Congrats to our winning recruit, Daniel! Daniel please spend... 
 Please fire me. Our I.T. director, after saying we must change our security procedures to… 
 Our winning video! Daniel please spend your $100 wisely & flip through your signed book copy at your leisure. 
 Please fire me. My boss lectured to me about the rapture. She told me all the terrible things… 
 Please fire me. My boss can’t spell. Instead of changing the misspelled word to a suggested… 
 Please fire me. The owner of my company fights every unemployment claim regardless of the... 
 RT  Friday. 6pm. PowerHouse Arena. 37 Main St, Brooklyn. My book signing. Free wine. Come see if I'm as weird in real life a ...
 Please fire me. A man came into the bookstore today and asked for a title on the history of… 
 RT  Best  4 last. Silent  coauthor RT  People who let their phones die every day shouldn't be  ...
 RT    Photoshop & illustrator & pal RT  If I lived in Vienna, I'd buy a paddleboat to save on go ...
 RT    graphics and joke writing helper (& my roomie!) RT  donald trump 
 RT   Writer of last yr's viral hit BP Spills Coffee vid &  writer RT  Can't say enough nice things ab ...
 RT   this funny contributing writer to the  book RT  "We're idiots!" -Everyone
 RT   the funny  book photographer RT  If anyone needs a "before" photo of a torso for a weight l ...
 RT   because it's a crime to go on leave for my wedding.
 Please fire me. My 84-year old boss just asked me what an iPod is, and then asked me if he… 
 Please fire me. No one here has an opinion except about Mondays. 
 Recruit Video Contest:  BEST SUBMISSIONS: Win signed book copies.  BEST SUBMISSION: Wins $100 & signed book copy. 
 Please fire me. I’ve never seen an empty yogurt container licked like that. Get it together… 
 Please fire me. I’m wearing the exact same K-Mart outfit as my boss. 
 RT  10 Help Wanted signs from workplaces potentially more insane than yours. 
 Please fire me. I found a used pregnancy test laying by the toilet. (It was negative.) 
 RT  Behold! The  book trailer! 
 Two Weeks’ Notice: “Please Fire Me: Posts from the... 
 Please fire me. My co-worker didn’t know about Osama. 
 Two Weeks’ Notice: Training Customers Flashcards “The British... 
 Please fire me. I am a clerk in a major school school district—which might lead one to think… 
 Your PFM Book Signing May 6th,  
 Please my fire me. My boss made me bring back a copy of my grandfather’s death certificate... 
 RT  Work fucking sucks, so try pulling the fire alarm. See who's gullible AND get paid to do nothing!
 History of Bad Jobs: The Beginning  via 
 Recruits: From now until May 6th tweet in party plans for Friday with the hashtag  Details here: 
 Two Weeks’ Notice: Send A Video, Tell PFM Why You’re A Recruit Recruits, we’ve accepted you... 
 Please fire me. A co-worker chomps her gum with her mouth open. Also, I don’t need to hear… 
 RT  Win $100 and a copy of my book: . More contest information here: 
 Two Weeks’ Notice: Four Days Until  Our book is out. Celebrate by joining… 
 Please fire me. I am one of two females at the expensive and “well-respected” restaurant… 
 Please fire me. My boss spent ten minutes berating me because Post-it discontinued the 4x4… 
 Two Weeks’ Notice: Operation PhotoShop The Royal Couple... 
 Two Weeks’ Notice: PhotoShop The Royal Couple At A Real Job Recruits: Please Photoshop the... 
 Please fire me. As I was stretching my neck, my boss came up to me and said that if he… 
 Please fire me. We are not allowed to bring our children for “Take Our Daughters and Sons to… 
 RT  . AMAZING illustration excerpt from   We have a whole map chapter. He was ...
 Please fire me. This woman just came back to work after being gone for two years. I have… 
 Please fire me. I want to dance burlesque full-time at the Blue Angel. I appreciate the… 
 Please fire me. This woman just came back to work after being gone for two years. I have worked there two years. She... 
 "Please fire me.  I want to dance burlesque full-time at the Blue Angel. I appreciate the whistles there." — www.loganbelle.com
 RT  FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING YOUR CUBICLE. Are they coming to speak to you? Or just walking past?   
 Recruits: It's lunchtime. Time to sneak a piece of cake into your boss's office and take a picture. Mission breakdown: 
 Please fire me. Instead of coffee, my boss drinks powdered chicken broth from a mug. Four or… 
 Please fire me. My co-worker insists on telling me EVERY TIME she is about to have a bowel... 
 Please fire me. Programmers at work are thinking they’re art directors now. 
  DAVE?
 Operation: Let Them Eat Cake! Put A Cake On Your Boss’s Desk! Recruits: Deliver a delicious… 
 Please fire me. My direct supervisor uses “FYI” as the subject line of every single email she… 
 RT  Thanks for the nice  reviews on Amazon! If you wrote the mean one, I'll sleep with you for your approval. h ...
 Please fire me. My boss is pregnant and spends half the day on the phone loudly describing… 
 RT  ‘Please fire me': Dispatches from workplace hell  
 Please fire me. I got up on time at 6am for my rubbish job, but my train was late. My boss seems to think I control... 
 RT  Just got my copy of "Please Fire Me" by our pal  & I'm devouring it. So funny! (Check it out at Amazon.)
 Please fire me. I proposed a more efficient way of doing a certain task at my job, which was… 
 Please fire me. Happy Administrative Professionals Day! I have been in my job for the past… 
 RT  Most morning DJs were in five foster homes before a family decided to keep them.
 RT    Dozer gets copious amounts of doggy hair on the boss's freshly cleaned pants eve ...
 RT  Operation Woof! is now in play for the  revolution. Bring your pup into work through Friday. Send photos! h ...
 “Know thy enemy! Within Please Fire Me: Posts from the Revolting... 
 Please fire me. My boss sent me a bucket of dyed seashells and pop rocks because “we strive… 
 Enter to win one of 10 copies of Please Fire Me: Posts from the... 
 Operation Woof Please fire me. Kiya would rather play with her... 
 Please fire me. I have a co-worker who has been employed by the company I work for, for over… 
 Please fire me. My supervisor told me my desk was too clean. 
 Two Weeks’ Notice: Operation Woof! Bring Your Dog to Work! For the remainder of the week… 
 Please fire me. I just taught my boss how to cut and paste again. Feels like the 400th time. 
 Please fire me. My co-worker got arrested for running a meth lab. He has a PhD in chemistry. 
 Please fire me. My boss thought it was funny to call me and tell me an error I made was… 
 Goodreads is giving away 10 copies of Please Fire Me: Posts from the Revolting Workplace. Enter to win. 
 Please fire me. This is the fridge in our break room. My boss... 
 Please fire me. When I told my boss I needed to leave the state to see my grandmother who was… 
 Please fire me. My co-workers have started playing something called MineCraft; they have even… 
 RT  The saddest smell in the world is 4pm microwave popcorn made by a woman who's given names to her cubicle's troll dolls.
 The PFM Anthem: “Get Over It” By OK Go Thank you for all your... 
 Please Buy Me! All good revolutions rely on propaganda, from... 
 Please fire me. I work in a library. People who borrow books are called borrowers. All of my co-workers say “barry... 
 We posted videos from 8 contenders for the PFM anthem. Recruits: Help decide or submit more! Winner gets a signed book! 
 RT   Bad Days by The Flaming Lips
 Please fire me. My Please Fire Me book came out today. This is the closest I will get to holding it until tomorrow. 
 First book excerpt. Under no circumstances are any of these songs to be submitted for the anthem.  
 RT   "Sussudio" by Phil Collins. That's what it's about, right?
 RT   "Born In The USA" (Not misinterpreted enough already.)
 RT   "Gold" by Prince
 RT   "I Want it All" by Queen. Sometimes you really just have to demand ridiculous things/pretend to be Fred ...
 RT   Far From Over by Frank Stallone. It's so motivational they use it as jet fuel 
 RT   School's Out by Alice Cooper
 RT   You Can Take This Job and Shove It by Johnny Paycheck  
 RT   Chariots of Fire.
 RT   Twisted Sister, "We're Not Gonna Take It"
 At 4pm EST the official song of the PFM Revolution will be announced. Until then, we'll RT all contenders. Keep 'em comin', recruits!
 CONTEST: What song inspires you to keep fighting no matter how dead you are inside? Win a signed book! The PFM Revolution needs an anthem!
 Please fire me. I was volun-told to dress up as the bear mascot for a local school. The last… 
 Submit your PFM anthem! Win a signed book! Two Weeks’ Notice: Tune In To PFM 101.9, The Revolution 
 Please fire me. Last night my boss yelled at me for not sending a brief out by 8pm that HE… 
 Please fire me. I get written up by my superiors if I don’t write up a certain number of… 
 Please fire me. My co-worker tells every customer about how he “recently” put his dog down… 
 RT  The Fat Apple NYC, Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     ...
 Please fire me. My boss thinks the saying goes, “It’s not rock science!” 
 Monday, April 25 Day 1 Please Fire Me: Posts from the Revolting Workplace Two Weeks’ Notice… 
 Please fire me. My boss does not have a key to his office, so I have to open it for him… 
 Please fire me. My boss thinks I don’t speak a lick of Spanish. She says degrading things… 
 Please fire me. My boss gets extremely upset when employees don’t give enough advanced notice… 
 Please fire me. My co-worker just showed me the swingers’ website Ashley Madison. This is the… 
 Please fire me. We are all professionals. (In theory, at least.) 
 RT   My co-worker (in a cube-farm) barks and howls at the top of his lungs at random intervals throughout the day.
 Please fire me. A sexual harassment video showing a guy staring at a name tag and saying… 
 Buck Owens - Tired of Living Classic country about malemployment Just a man hopin’ for a… 
 RT   I work with a guy that refers to his hands as his "dick beaters."
 Please fire me. We got an accusatory e-mail blaming the staff for stealing the boss’s wedding ring. The one he... 
 Please fire me. My co-worker talks like she took speech lessons from James Brown. Every… 
 Please Fire Me Book Signing Friday, May 6th  6pm powerHouse Books 37 Main Street Brooklyn… 
 Please fire me. It’s obvious I can never please you no matter what I do. Perhaps you can… 
 RT   Boss had me turn my music off so I can hear her call through a wall 25' away while she calls at speak ...
 Is this the worst or best resume of all time?  via 
 Please fire me. The shelves above my desk were not bolted to the wall. They fell off and… 
 RT  LIFECOACHER  has a humor book coming out! Based on PleaseFireMe.com.  Attend  book signing:  ...
 Please fire me. My boss wrote me up for notifying her about a doctor’s appointment by email… 
 Please fire me. My boss thinks the word stalking is spelled s-t-o-c-k-i-n-g. My co-worker… 
 Please fire me. I am a model maker and my boss keeps leaving his three and five year old in… 
 Please fire me. My boss ends every sentence with the phrase, “You know what I mean?” 
 Please fire me. My immediate supervisor recently told me that he and his wife are exploring… 
 Please fire me. My boss thinks he is Superman (no joke). He has a “Superman Parking” sign on… 
 Please fire me. My soul is dying. 
 Please fire me. My boss thinks this is worth talking to me about for an hour. It was a co… 
 Please fire me. My co-worker cuts his finger nails and toe nails while at his desk. I can… 
 Please fire me. My boss refers to himself as “G-O-D” in group meetings. 
 Please fire me. A customer came in, said she received a coupon for her birthday, and asked if… 
 Please fire me. My boss thinks nothing of standing in the middle of our cubes and yelling at… 
 Please fire me. This is the fourth time in four weeks I had to change my job title on my… 
 Please fire me. My boss drinks pickle juice out of the jar in front of me and thinks nothing… 
 RT  I sent out a company-wide email saying there are donuts in the conference room. We don't have a conference room. This is g ...
 Please fire me. My manager is unsure how to use Google. 
 Please fire me. My boss made me show him how to download porn on his Mac. 
 Please fire me. I have a co-worker whose cartoon reindeer screensaver plays Christmas music… 
 Please fire me. My boss constantly asks me to review his notes for mistakes after he uses… 
 Please fire me. I work alongside my lying toe-rag of a recent ex-boyfriend, who used sneak… 
 Please fire me. My supervisor does not live in reality. She routinely spends part of her day… 
 Please fire me. It has been 11 days since anyone has seen or spoken to our President/CEO. He… 
 Please fire me. My co-worker uses her earring backs to clean her teeth during our department… 
 Please fire me. The receptionist in the cubical behind me constantly talks on her cellphone… 
 RT  steal some pens from the office tomorrow, you deserve it.
 Please fire me. The 50-year-old lady in my office constantly Blackberry Messages with the… 
 Please fire me. My client just called me to have her change the time on her clock for the… 
 Please fire me. All of my co-workers watch Two and a Half Men. 
 Please fire me. The team lead is constantly gawking at me, standing too close, awkwardly… 
 Please fire me. My boss thinks the Internet is going to backfire and dissolve. He believes… 
 Please fire me. I just started crying at my desk when it sunk in that I work for a person who… 
 Please fire me. All of my co-workers are divorced, depressingly single, pack-a-day smokers. 
 Please fire me. I work 24 hour shifts for a private ambulance company, which only pays us for… 
 Please fire me. My boss doesn’t seem to understand that you make the same snide comments of… 
 Please fire me. Our office is so cold that my officemate is copying blank paper to put in her… 
 Please fire me. I’m sick of getting asked how to spell difficult words like “such” and “right… 
 Please fire me. I work weekends and the guy who does my job during the week keeps all his… 
 Please fire me. My 60-year-old boss insists on wearing fitted turtlenecks, and whenever he is… 
 Please fire me. I got a bad performance review because my supervisor felt I’m not “grateful… 
 Please fire me. My boss just called me into her office, in a serious tone of voice, to let me… 
 Please fire me. For the last five years, I have recieved five out of five performance reviews… 
 Please fire me. I was working as a tour guide on a bus trip. We were about to go over a… 
 Please fire me. My manager informed me she read my Facebook, just before handing me a write… 
 Please fire me. The person who was just promoted a step above me has a duckfaced profile pic… 
 Please fire me. My Christmas bonus was a $5 gift card to McDonald’s. 
 Please fire me. Our HR director just paged overhead for a person he fired three weeks ago. 
 Please fire me. The CEO of our company takes his iPad into the bathroom with him for 30… 
 Please fire me. When I asked my boss how the situation in Egypt will affect us, and what we… 
 Please fire me. My boss replies to emails without fully reading them. For instance: One co… 
 Please fire me. I am a Sales Representative. I recently completed my year-end self assessment… 
 Please fire me. My boss obsessively clears his throat and hoots like an owl in a high-pitched… 
 Please fire me. I am sick of looking to my right and seeing my co-worker’s back and stomach… 
 Please fire me. My boss speaks doesn’t speak English very well and has a hard time… 
 Please fire me. We were just told we won’t have bathrooms at work all this week due to some… 
 Please fire me. My company refuses to pay me overtime for the 77 hours I’ve done over 7… 
 Please fire me. I get work along side my ex-fiance and the ex-friend of mine he was cheating… 
 Big thanks to comedy writer Erik Tanouye for his help writing and editing the  book.  Follow his hilarious tweets   
 Please fire me. The principal of the high school that I tutor for asked me if I was excited… 
 Please fire me. I was just asked to describe my usage of the company health care policy for… 
 Please fire me. I interviewed for a job at the university where I trained and was told they… 
  Ah that makes sense based on what you sent in. We weren't sure with the wording, so edited it a tiny bit. P.S. HOT
 Please fire me. My supervisor threatened to “F-ing kill” me—twice—and our HR Director told me… 
 Please fire me. I had an affair with my married boss. Now her husband works with us. Oh and I… 
 Please fire me. Actually, my job is pretty sweet. Here’s the view from my office. 
 RT  just had to talk with a woman named Thonsila.
 RT  Oh no.  when irate customer said my names not charles, it's f***ing patrick, I replied with well f***ing pat ...
 Please fire me. After graduation I thought, “I landed the dream job!” Now, I am left alone in… 
 Please fire me. My boss scheduled a planning meeting for our year’s biggest event over her… 
 Please fire me. I am writing directions for office procedures and I was told to write them… 
 Please fire me. My boss obsessively clears his throat and hoots like an owl in a high-pitched… 
 Please fire me. My boss was having an extramarital affair with a woman who works for one of… 
 PLEASE FIRE ME: POSTS FROM THE REVOLTING WORKPLACE, by Adam Chromy, Johnny McNulty, and Jill… 
 Please fire me. I work in a bookstore. I know my books. My boss just called me a dumbass… 
 Please fire me. I was told I don’t get a raise this year for the third year in a row. I just… 
 Please fire me. After receiving a bomb threat and evacuating the premises our boss came back… 
 Please fire me. My tall, large co-worker chooses to stand up and use a lint brush to collect… 
 Please fire me. My co-worker repeatedly looks at me and licks her lips just because we are… 
 It’s New Years Eve and I came in as a favor to my boss to do a quick four-hour shift to cover… 
 Please fire me. The boss wished us a Merry Christmas on her way out the door for her holiday… 
 Please fire me. The owner said on Thursday that there will be a blizzard on Monday. He said… 
 Please fire me. My department won a quarterly award. Our reward was a smiley face finger… 
 Please fire me. My scumbag co-worker always walks the long way to the printer because it… 
 Please fire me. They taxed my annual 50.00 cash bonus, leaving me with approximately 32.00. 
 Please fire me. My co-worker thinks we’re automatically best friends and tells me all of his… 
 Please fire me. I came in to work yesterday and I don’t leave until tomorrow. 
 Please fire me. My new boss went into great detail on how his wife had three miscarriages and… 
 RT  In an effort to drown out the inane chatter around me, I am risking my eardrums with ridiculously loud music.   ...
 Please fire me. My boss just told me his personal hero is Paul Blart, Mall Cop. 
 Please fire me. My boss made me climb up a ladder to put some items on close-to-ceiling… 
 Please fire me. My co-worker regularly calls her boyfriend to beg him for sex in graphic… 
 Please fire me. My boss just left me a message saying that she was in and needed my help. The… 
 Please fire me. I requested a meeting with my manager because I’d been passed up for two… 
 PFM Hero of the Week: Enid O’Sullivan, Makeup Artist Makeup artist Enid O’Sullivan tried… 
 Please fire me. My boss starts off the mornings with Styx’s “Come Sail Away With Me”. I find… 
 Please fire me. I have to listen to my ex flirt with anything with a vagina all day. 
 Please fire me. My boss let his pug dog decide who would go on a business trip. 
 Please fire me. I spoke to my new supervisor about the hours I would be available during my… 
 Please fire me. We found out that the drinking water dispensers were hooked up to the HVAC… 
  You should tell her yes but you don't celebrate Flag Day.
 RT  A  I forgot: Yesterday, a coworker asked me if Jews celebrate Thanksgiving. :-|
 Please fire me. My boss just gave me pamphlets to straight camps and told me that the company… 
 Please fire me. The head boss is such a control freak that he doesn’t allow paper clips in… 
 Please fire me. Instead of paying their employees a reasonable wage, the company I work for… 
 PFM Hero of the Week: Donal Kinsella, Mining Exec After letting his sleepwalking ruin an… 
 Please fire me. I went to a concert and saw about ten of my students less drunk than I was. 
 Please fire me. My forty-year-old co-worker mentions every day that she was “gifted and… 
 We’ve been nominated on The Huffington Post! Please vote for us. It will only take a second… 
 Please fire me. My boss and co-workers repeatedly say “conversate” and “more better” in… 
 Please fire me. My co-worker decided to state after watching a gangland movie the night… 
 Please fire me. The guy one cubicle over has argued on the phone alternately between his ex… 
 Don't stab any1 with a pen RT  My job is so slack that I have already watched half of Casino w/out interruption. 
 PFM Hero of the Week: Julius Jones, Cook Learning nothing from the racial comedy of Micheal… 
 Please fire me. While canvassing, my co-worker had to relieve himself. We stopped at a… 
 Please fire me. My co-worker returned to the office today after suffering an alcohol-induced… 
 Please fire me. My co-worker has been on the phone fighting with her boyfriend about who said… 
 PFM Hero of the Week: Co-Worker Of Clinical Napper This week’s PFM Hero writes in for advice… 
 Please fire me. Today in the bathroom while I was at the sink, one of my co-workers entered… 
 Please fire me. I found a rat hanging out in my printer when I was reloading paper at 5am… 
 Please fire me. I waited ten minutes to be let in to work because the managers were too busy… 
 Please fire me. I work with a 50-something, menopausal, overly-anal woman who has an issue… 
 Website Love: Please Fire Me | The Observer of the Vanities The Observer of the Vanities—a… 
 PFM Hero of the Week: Jeff Landrock, Recording Studio Owner The buck didn’t stop here, it… 
 Please fire me. I work in a basement in which sewer gas is constantly emanating from the… 
 Please fire me. I’m 23. Our 67-year-old grant writer told me he had a sex dream about me, and… 
 Please fire me. The three people near me are loudly arguing about college sports teams, as… 
 Please fire me. My boss is so cheap that he won’t hire a plumber to fix the toilet in women’s… 
 RT  Will someone please fire me so I can get a 3-year $2 million deal?
 PFM Hero of the Week: Atlanta Postal Worker According to The Blotter Diva, an Atlanta postal… 
 Please fire me. The guy next to me saved all his vacation days for the year and today put in… 
 Please fire me. Our boss gave us a formal “you must not fraternize with other staff members… 
 Please fire me. Our office Christmas party will be “Disney Theme”. 
 Please fire me. My co-worker reeks of cigarettes and smells so strongly of garbage/sewage… 
 Please fire me. Today my boss used the phrase “cease and assist” in a department meeting… 
 PFM Hero of the Week: Molly Scrutton, Hair Stylist We here at PFM believe formaldehyde… 
  Whenever we feel lost we watch It's a Wonderful Life. We also do that when we want to work on our Jimmy Stewart.
 RT   I work at a gospel radio station and I don't believe in god
 Please fire me. The sign in our bathroom stall says to flush twice in a font that has hearts… 
 Please fire me. The illiterate are in charge. The ability to craft a basic sentence is… 
 Happy Belated Boss’s Day As we’re sure none of you know, this past Saturday was Boss’s Day… 
 Please fire me. I’m a historian being told how to create a museum exhibit by someone who… 
 Please fire me. After pleading countless times to my manager and boss, I finally got my 3… 
 Please fire me. I saw my co-worker accidentally hack mucus straight onto her desk. 
 RT  "I want winners, people that wanna win." "Cannot play wit em, cannot win wit em, can't do it."-Mike Singletary   ...
 RT  One day I'm gonna come into work and just eat ice cream! 
 Please fire me. I can see my co-worker’s plaque from a distance. 
 teamsters aren't known for their sense of humor. RT  60 year old teamsters making sex jokes 
 RT  please fire me from the radio station PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 RT  Never had a job I despised so much.. Please fire me
 RT  60 year old teamsters making sex jokes 
 PFM Heroes of the Week: Employees of Kim Huoy Chor Asian Cuisine Rat dropping and dirty… 
 Please fire me. A co-worker turned her temporary work-from-home post-maternity leave into a… 
 Please fire me. My co-worker always dances her way into her cubicle every morning. 
 Please fire me. My boss has a mini fridge in her office that she keeps stocked with wine… 
 PFM Hero of the Week: Abigail DeSimone, U.S. Steel Plant Worker A diabetic woman named Abigal… 
 Please fire me. A fire alarm went off and our boss asked us not to leave until the building… 
 Please fire me. I just had a co-worker come over to my desk to ask a question. She knocked on… 
 Please fire me. My girlfriend recently broke up with me to get back together with her ex… 
 PFM Hero of the Week: Holiday Inn Front Desk Clerk Not everyone has as much fun at The… 
 Please fire me. I make hospital minimum wage. I had to move a 487 pound man with bedsores… 
 Please fire me. We haven’t had the Internet for a week. 
 Please fire me. The three people near me are loudly arguing about college sports teams, as… 
 Please fire me. I have to jack off pure breed American Kennel Club dogs for a dog breeder. 
 Please fire me. A low beep has been going off for the past hour and no one can figure out how… 
 Please fire me. Today a property manager asked me three times if the lights in the warehouse… 
 PFM HERO OF THE WEEK: Craig Carrick, AT&T Salesman As if he was trying to teach an old dog… 
 Please fire me. The ongoing reorganization of our department, which began two years ago, has… 
 Please fire me. My late forty-something boss’ hem on her dress is about five inches shorter… 
 Please fire me. For the past 12 hours I have been receiving threatening phone calls and text… 
 Please fire me. The two guys in the next cube over continuously talk about the most mundane… 
 Please fire me. I heard my boss use “talk to the hand” three times today. 
 Please fire me. Today my boss called me from his vacation and asked me to look something up… 
 Please fire me. I came into work today to find a stream of ants coming in from outside and… 
 Please fire me. In an effort to admit he was tooting his own horn, my boss just called… 
 Please fire me. Last week an attorney I work with told me I need to work out more. I weigh… 
 PFM Hero of the Week: Unidentified Co-Worker of Michael Kevin Lallana There’s something in… 
 Please fire me. During my first Monday morning pee, I noticed these black hijiki looking… 
 Please fire me. I work with a suck up who acts as a walking video camera for the boss. 
 Please fire me. On my 2nd day at the job, prior to orientation or work assignments I received… 
 Please fire me. My boss is discussing with his pals in sales exactly how many Viagra he is… 
 Please fire me. The lady in the next cubicle is talking to her dog on the phone and asking it… 
 PFM says boycott corp chain restaurants. The food sucks and they abuse employees. Check out food trucks  our favorite in LA!
 Please fire me. The new manager did not close the credit card transactions since the last… 
 PFM Hero of the Week: Catherine Dunn This week’s hero Catherine Dunn takes bravery to a new… 
 Please fire me. My white trash, lazy overweight co-worker comes in on his days off wearing a… 
 Please fire me. Whenever I go outside for a smoke, the security guard from the front desk… 
 Take This Job...Please!: A story about the JFK flight attendant who went off on a customer… 
 Please Fire Me in Forbes Magazine: A Forbes article about JetBlue working-class hero Steven… 
 Please fire me. The Prez/CEO of our not-small company just delivered a rather inane speech… 
 PFM Hero: Jet Blue Flight Attendant Pushed To Edge By "Malicious" Passenger 
 Please fire me. Our company says it is going to start charging us $25 to cover its NSF fees… 
 Please fire me. On a staff trip my boss took us to dinner and got really drunk. He plucked… 
 Please fire me. This girl in the office started to use the handicap parking space because she… 
 Please fire me. Our HR department regularly emails announcements of parties and events, and… 
 Please fire me. All the cooks ask me when I’m going to wear shorts to work. 
 Please fire me. My boss just returned from vacation and asked that I help troubleshoot her… 
 Please fire me. My co-worker is voicing her obsession about how much she loves bacon and its… 
 Please fire me. Today we received an email asking that when anybody leaves their desk, for… 
 Please fire me. I have been at work for a month and still have not been through orientation. 
 Please fire me. Today at work my boss actually said, ”Isn’t Solitaire a two-player game?” 
 Please fire me. I had to teach a coworker the difference between a KVM switch and an Ethernet… 
 Please fire me. I sit in a tiny booth in 100 degree weather with nothing but a tiny hand fan… 
 Please fire me. Today my cubemate was having online cybersex. I think he had the Big O. 
 Please fire me. My co-worker asked me how to spell “really,” then asked if I was sure it didn… 
