    Thank you, thank you, thank you, you lovely Pittsburgh ladies!
  Thank you my dear! Possibly one of the sweetest notes I've gotten all day :)
  Thank you sir!
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 Photo: epic4chan: 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I showed up at the wrong venue for the show. ( Mr. Smalls Theatre) 
  Haha I know I was remembering how we decided spur-of-the-moment at  happy hour!
 I'm at Ketchum w/  
 Has anyone created banner-style images for a Facebook brand page? Having some issues uploading photos to look right.
 I'll credit I'll my support of  and  for this:  believes I'm influential about mcdonald's 
  Glad you got a kick out of them! Enjoy the movieeeee!!!
 Photo:  
 Bringing perpetual amusement today. RT  "Yo mamma so fat her Patronus is a cake" & other Hogwarts Snaps 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I am watching Michael Collins   
 This makes my whole week worth it. ( Peppi's Old Tyme Sandwich Shop) [pic]: 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I'd like to apologize to anyone who sees me today. I'm sorry I look like a thoroughly disheveled, paranoid Liz Lemon.
 I am watching Wilfred w/2450 others   
 I unlocked the Wilfred at Comic-Con 2011 Coming Soon sticker on  
 Making Memories in the Kitchen with Kids live chat on TheMotherhood.com    
 I'm at Ketchum w/  
 learning about upcoming conference  and new programs   
 I am watching Rescue Me w/1975 others   
 I unlocked the Rescue Me Season 7 Premiere sticker on  
 I'm at Ketchum w/  
 Finally signed up for a wellness+ card... ( Rite Aid) 
 RT  TM Floyd & Company is recruiting a Java Developer/Analyst with a strong background in Java application development to. ...
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 RT  Edit: Happy Birthday to former Gamecocks  and 
  Your office is going to be a prison in DKR?! Yikes! Where's the line between fiction and reality?! haha
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I'm at Ketchum w/  
 I am watching Louie w/1038 others   
 I unlocked the FX Fan sticker on  
 I am watching Wilfred w/1155 others   
 Absolutely. RT  What Would Don Draper Do? 
  Oh geez. I hadn't heard about the Boob Truck before.
 Trying to call  again since everything else has been futile.
 A note for social media community managers - Before replying to a person’s comment, tweet, Facebook post,... 
  Hi Elaine! Thanks so much for your reply. I just sent you an email.
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 Sorry to vent about the  thing, tweeps. Just very annoyed and needed to get it out there.
 then the confirmation had the wrong departing flight info. I called and the agent told me there would be a change fee to fix their mistake.
 Wow. Very frustrating experience with  tonight. The site kept glitching when I tried to make flight reservations...
 Photo: epic4chan: two of my favorite, favorite things 
 Photo: epic4chan: 
 starbucksspelling: 
 RT  Best Tumblr ever. Starbucks Misspellings: 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I'm at Grandview Promenade (100 - 400 Grandview Ave, Pittsburgh) 
 Video: Coffee coffee coffee. I love coffee. 
 RT  Batshit crazy PIttsburgh Lady! A lot of people vying for this job.... Call us next time!  via 
 RT  As if you need another reason not to do coke... Flesh-Eating Cocaine Hits New York, Los Angeles 
 I'm at Starbucks (7 Market Square, at Forbes Ave, Pittsburgh) 
   I know! I get that some people need decaf for health reasons or whatever. But not at 8 AM! Bring it from home!
 Five Social-Media Strategies to Avoid  via 
  Me too! Hope you feel better!
  Last night I was filling a new 7-photo frame, and the one of us from our Charlotte frolick made the cut :)
  You're going to St. Maarten!? So jealous! Enjoy! (And please stay on the French side.)
 Aren't they all? RT  Today is going to be sponsored by caffeine. Lots of it.
 Walk into the office kitchen at 8 a.m. to a full pot of...decaf coffee.  
 I just ousted Alex D. as the mayor of Wabash Tunnel on  
 I just ousted Jessica L. as the mayor of Jamestown Condominiums on  
 The furry hunt begins with Mimi! ( Crazy Mocha) 
  Nice  baker in the background there :)
 Think he'll head to Anthrocon following the CMU speaking gig? RT  Delays today due to presidential visit.
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I am watching Wilfred w/1949 others   
 I unlocked the Wilfred Premiere sticker on  
 RT  Cat Sitting Upright Remains Neutral On Slayer | Best Week Ever 
 Someone desperately needs to clean out her inbox. It's getting to be a bit too much.
 Nice! Congrats! What's on tap? RT  It's heeeerrrreeeee! 
  I have before, with AT&T. Not sure about other providers, but it was really easy. Just chatted with a rep and worked it out.
 Obviously, love this. RT  RT  20 songs the Beatles wrote about SoMe engagement 
  What do you mean?
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I am watching Jon Benjamin Has a Van w/34 others   
 I just ousted Jason A. as the mayor of Giant Eagle Get Go on  
 So excited for new Louis and Wilfred. "FX's Newest Sitcom Stars Elijah Wood and Australian Dude in Dog Suit"  via 
 I'm Bunny Deathlight, according to the Furry Name Generator! | DVE Morning Show  via 
 RT  NY Times crowdsources WWII photo album to discover identity of photographer. Solved in a few hours 
 Photo: tumblr4men: 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I just ousted Brian G. as the mayor of 6 PPG Place on  
 I'm at Ribs On The River 
 I just ousted Jessica L. as the mayor of Jamestown Condominiums on  
  come join if you're in the neighborhood! ( River City Inn) 
  Likewise! I'm planning on heading down to Ribs on the River Saturday to see  and Kenny Wayne Shepherd.
 RT  RT 4 Chance 2 Win: Shop  End of Season  up to 60% Off +extra 20% Off: bit.ly/SHOPEXP RULES: bit.ly/RTRules
 Someone hire this gal immediately. RT  another interview lined up. If interviews were jobs....well I'd be employed.
 RT  Don't forget that Grover Cleveland resigned after sending a description of his penis with a telegraph to Emily Dickinson.
  Safe travels! Are you booked all weekend? If not, call me please!!!
  Best poncho purchase surprise ever!!?!?!
  Welcome to Twitter, sir! I expect some entertaining tweets from you!
  Amen!!! I started my morning with a double shot in the dark from GrandBrew :) Happy Friday!
 Awesome! So excited to see him tomorrow at Ribs on the River! RT  Kenny Wayne Shepherd Live on DVE right now!
 So I turned on this  to drown them out and get ready to conquer the day. (Thanks 
 OH in the office: "I like MySpace better. Facebook is just so plain."
 I just became the mayor of Geno Levi Salon on  
 I just ousted Alex D. as the mayor of Wabash Tunnel on  
 Photo: epic4chan: Must be an Irish kitteh. 
 Video: This is familiar. A memory and a premonition at the same time. 
 RT  Lion wants to eat baby at zoo. Parents think it's HILARIOUS!  
 I am watching Jon Benjamin Has a Van w/68 others   
 Photo: epic4chan: 
 RT  via  Peanutweeter Brings Peanuts, Twitter Together With Hilarious Results  (haha, nice.)
 RT  JOB OPP:  is hiring a publicist. Details:   
 Thanks, everyone, for tolerating my "Vote for  in the McD's Perfect Pairs Contest" tweets. All done now! Thanks to all who voted!
 TEN MINUTES LEFT. Vote for  in McDonald’s® Perfect Pair Contest.  Please RT and help them win! THANKS!
 RT  Some Pairs are simply…perfect. Vote for  in McDonald’s® Perfect Pair Contest. Check it out!
 PLEASE! Vote for  video in the McDonald's Perfect Pairs Contest so she and  can win! LAST DAY 
 Photo: livitluvit: 
 Just bought the  Groupon for Ribs on the River. Excited to see Kenny Wayne Shepherd on Saturday! Check it out: 
 RT  LAST DAY TO VOTE! Go to  and vote for the  video! Pass this along thru fbook, RT & e-mail! Y ...
 I am watching The 65th Annual Tony Awards w/876 others   
 Office outing after party :) ( Bar Louie w/ 3 others) 
 Office summer outing ( Joe's Crab Shack) 
  I love your reaction. And you should probably check out the related video where he uses the vacuum attachment on himself.
   Pigs may not sweat, but I'm quite positive they schvitz. (The difference between the two is clearly connotational.)
 3 DAYS LEFT - Please vote for  in McDonald’s® Perfect Pair Contest. 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I'm at All Saints Greek Orthodox Food Festival 
  I'm pretty sure that's even worse than the little girl playing with the dead squirrel (if you need a reminder: )
 Not a mom, but I'll say "not cool" RT  Moms- is it cool to let your kid do this, or like, Appalachia cool?  
 RT  We're looking to add an SAE to our Healthcare team. Check out the listing here:  
 Less than $10 for two movie tickets? Sold! Thanks, Living social! 
 Only 4 days left!!! Please vote for  and  in McDonald’s® Perfect Pair Contest. 
 Why is the Wabash HOV tunnel closed?!
 Trying to overcome my foot-touching-phobia and nail-file-phobia: Just bought $20 Mani/Pedi at Bella Nails: 
 RT  TWITTER, HELP! please vote  in this nat'l contest for mickey d's!  PLS RT
 Good read for recent grads like  Bulldog Reporter | Culpwrit Filling the Gap Between Graduation and a Job: 
 Some Pairs are simply…perfect. Help out  and  by voting for their video!  
 Yeah it is! RT  It's time to step up and have a great day
 RT  2011 Pittsburgh Pride Awareness March / PrideFest entertainment schedule posted on the event... 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I'm at Starbucks (7 Market Square, at Forbes Ave, Pittsburgh) 
 I'm at PNC Park (115 Federal St, Pittsburgh) w/ 45 others 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of River City Inn on  
 RT  How Many Hours Should You Be Working? 
  Found it! Listening now :)
 RT  HELP me &  win a trip of a lifetime! Go to  & vote for the  vid! Pls RT!
 Can't wait! RT   late night phone call to us this a.m. available soon. Editing out couple of f-bomb. 
 I am listening to Ted Leo and The Pharmacists   
 Please vote for my friends  and  in McDonald's Perfect Pairs Contest!  
 Some Pairs are simply…perfect. Here’s who I voted for in McDonald’s® Perfect Pair Contest. Check it out. 
 RT  We're  Thx for the votes! Go to  & vote for  Your help is greatly appreciated!
 Vote for  and  in McDonald's Perfect Pair Contest! 
 Some Pairs are simply…perfect. Here’s who I voted for in McDonald’s® Perfect Pair Contest. Check it out. 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
  and I think it's the buttery/battery wordplay. Am I right?
 I've been trying to figure out why I was cc'ed on this RT  Woman arrested for trying to butter her roommate... 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I am watching Sports Show with Norm MacDonald w/11 others   
 seems like tosh has something against norm. what's that about?   
 I'm at Luma restaurant (186 castle shannon blvd, Mt Lebanon) 
 RT  This Guy Has my MacBook (Genius.)  h/t 
 I'm at Stage AE w/  
 28 North CD release party! ( The Altar Bar) 
 I earned the Rescue Me Fan sticker on  
 RT  How 127 Hours should have ended 
 Photo:  
 I didn't think I could adore  any more. It just couldn't be possible, right? And then he did this: 
   It makes me sad that there are only three seasons to watch over and over again.
  haha you did! I was reminiscing about it last night when I finally watched The Office season finale.
 Video: Arrested Development: Gob’s suits (by TasteTheSad) 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
  "It's a Doberman; let it have its ears!"
 RT  This makes me think of Arrested Development's faux charity H.O.O.P. 
 Wow! Congrats!!!! RT  Graduating from law school today.  
 Slow news day? RT  Really New York Times? An article on antiduckface.com? 
 RT  Women in Business [infographic]  
  HELLO?! HELLO!? CAN YOU HEAR ME?!
 Photo: Back to yesterday’s theme. From here. 
 I'd love to earn some referral bucks. If you haven't yet, check out Groupon for the best daily deals in your city 
  That has been this entire week for me. I came in Tuesday morning and thought it should have been Thursday.
 Photo: oh my adorable. 
 RT  5 ways to maximize your PR networking time  
 Looks like it actually might be ok? RT  animated Napoleon Dynamite:  Glad they brought the whole cast back.
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 Congrats PR Grads! Now How To Get A Job? With Ketchum's Mindfire Students Capitalize on Crowdsourcing  on 
 Great post by  RT  Need to work towards this.   7 ways for  pros to be less selfish bit.ly/j5eGUQ
  I was thinking, if the cost of traveling out there for the interview is too expensive, you could suggest a video chat?
 RT  iPhone coming in the mail tomorrow. Which twitter app would you iPhone users recommend?
 Photo: And this one. From “I’m Not There” from the amazing Todd Haynes. (Photo source and film write-up... 
  Hope everything is ok out there. Be safe and be careful.
  What happened with the Denver opp? What kind of company was it?
 Love this! RT  Fans sharing photos of outdated Stylebooks. Post yours and we might replace it. 
 Very helpful for page managers or anyone who counsels! RT  Comment on Your Brand’s Facebook Page as Yourself 
  Great explanation on switching between brand/individual to use Facebook! Thanks!
 I earned the Check-in All-Star sticker on  
 Happy birthday, Bobby D   
  My pleasure! Nice little refresher for me. Sometimes I miss those AP Style quizzes from college :)
  Tricky usage. I think both are acceptable, but "ingrained" is preferred.
  as adjective? ingrained.
 "From a Buick 6" is one of my favorites. RT  We like "Times They Are A-Changin'." What is your favorite  tune?
   Word should have "AP Style" as a language option. cc 
 So excited! RT  New Muppets Movie Due Out This Thanksgiving 
  is it directly preceding a noun? "a well-choreographed performance" or "the performance was well choreographed" seems right...
 RT  Ray Lewis literally warning us that he will go on a stabbing spree 
 Not a Bears fan, but this is so sweet - Bears rookie J.T. Thomas takes young lady to eighth-grade dance 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I'm a Fan of The Golden Girls on  
 I just unlocked the "Overshare" badge on  
  Read and commented :)
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I just ousted Nikki R. as the mayor of Mount Washington on  
 I'm at Hofbräuhaus (2705 South Water St, Pittsburgh) w/ 8 others 
 [Pic] The Raptor is upon us  Market Square, Pittsburgh
  What is this  challenge?!?
  I just tried the  summer seasonal Wacko last night -- so good! You know I love 
 RT  50 Reasons Why The World Is Definitely Ending On Saturday  via 
 Me too! RT  Unable to keep the green-eyed monster at bay any longer. So jealous of everyone tweeting from 
  Details of detox! And I love all the alliteration. I already read the Fbook post :)
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 It cures so many things. RT  After all these years, am so glad to finally find the cure for jet-lag: Jack Daniels.
  May I request a blog post with details? I don't eat meat anyway, but I've been feeling a little "processed" lately.
  Sorry, you have to wait til Saturday.
  Good  tips! Thanks!
  I hate that! I've had to stop and move to a different area to finish my session bc dude next to me had pungent cologne. Made me gag.
  Good luck! And let me know what you're doing and how it goes.
  Freelance or FT?
 RT  Know any good copywriters? I have an opp for you.
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I just ousted Alex D. as the mayor of Wabash Tunnel on  
 If you were introducing someone to  what would you make sure to tell them?
  Aha! I shall consult the blog! Which I need to begin visiting regularly now that you're off Facebook!
 RT   RT  RT  Mistakes You Don't Know You're Making  (Advice for College Grads!)
  Why'd you deactivate your Facebook account? I will miss your updates and photos :(
 Teehee I just accidentally typed "Facebooks." As in, "These kids today and their sex-texting on the Facebooks and whatnot. What's a twit?"
 RT  Answer: Living in Cleveland. RT  Cavs' "What's Not To Like" T-Shirts hit the market.
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I am watching Tosh.0 (w/252 others)   
 I am watching Raising Hope (w/657 others)   
  hahaha just being silly :) our admin team is amazing and I'm glad I got to sign the card a pitch in a little $$ to thank them!
 Admin. Professionals Day was last month. When is PR Account Execs Day? I would like to be taken to lunch and get a present.
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I am watching How I Met Your Mother (w/260 others)   
 Oh, Monday. Where did you go? Oh, wait, I know: billable hours. Woohoo! What a day!
 RT  AP Stylebook has new  Guidelines section:  (via 
  Here are instructions and link to follow: 
 I'm at Ketchum w/  
 RT  In the off chance the Rapture doesn't happen on May 21, I think everyone should treat themselves to a Fun Day on May 22.
 Pittsburgh Steelers' Troy Polamalu earns USC degree in history - ESPN 
 Stinkbug inside my car? Really?!
 RT  5 Ways to Use Facebook’s New Photo Tagging for Pages 
 Nice! RT  My  client  is on  list of  Voices to follow!  
  Congrats!
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
  Thanks for trying. Fortunately  responded earlier w/ more useful info, in time for me to take advantage of the offer.
  What a horrible mess! A PR nightmare for a PR agency?! Not just its client?! Ultra-yikes.
 LOL RT  I love how organized the folks at  are. They warm my OCD heart.
  Unfortunately I can't :( But it sounds like it's going to be really, really good! So enjoy!
 and the next step... RT  Sleazy PR firm throws scummy Facebook under sordid bus | TechCruch - 
  THANKS! I got the DM just in time to submit my order before stepping out for lunch. Excited about my purchase!
 RT  A little less than 24 hrs left to enter   contest. Could win 10k:  
 Oh  I wish I'd realized there was no promo code in the email offer before I picked out clothes I wanted to buy.
  My pleasure! Wish that list had been around when I had a jewelry client!
  Yeah it should be very cool!  fashion show is at 6 in the downstairs center court (where the food court is).
 Great list for PR folks with fashion clients! RT  Top 25 Fashion Blogs With The Most Comments 
 Pgh ladies: Grand opening of   tonight! Fashion show hosted by  Head of Design Elliot Staples 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 Made my day. Don't say you love it, Trebek, we know you hate it. RT  Trebek gets the Connery treatment 
 RT  Former CNBC Tech Reporter Jim Goldman Caught Spreading Lies About Google For Unnamed PR Client  (Wow.)
 Would You Risk Your Virtual Life in Facebook Russian Roulette? [VIDEO]  via  
   That's the second example I've seen today of social media use as detriment to employment. Come on, people! Wise up!
  I saw a peacock attack a car at a wedding last year. Those things are terrifying and a menace to society!
  The Max?
 I'm at Ketchum w/  
 RT  It's nice outside. That means Pittsburgh drivers will suddenly forget how to take turns at stop signs.  
  And what time would you like it to be, Suzanne?
 Love it RT  Awesome 'If this summer's movie posters told the truth'  cc   
 I'm at PA Turnpike Plaza New Stanton (new stanton) 
 I am listening to The New Pornographers   
 I'm at St. John the Apostle Church (1805 Penbrook Terrace, Clark) 
 I'm at Dublin Square (482 East Evesham Road, Cherry Hill) 
 I'm at Manayunk Brewery & Restaurant (4120 Main St, at Shurs Ln, Philadelphia) 
 I'm at Packs & Dogs (223 Shiloh St, Pittsburgh) 
  Thanks for your response! Accidents happen. They were moving fast to get everyone through quickly, ingredients were flying!
  I just got a piece of chicken in my  salad. Blech. 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 RT  Cool intern gig here: Minneapolis Institute of Arts is looking for a Social Media Intern  
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
  or, I mean, you could come to Pittsburgh
  I wanna hear your favorite Teenage Dope Slaves song tonight
  Hi. I was wondering. Thanks for clarifying.
 Well, maybe a few hours from now. It's a little early for a non-gameday. RT  I want to be wine drunk on the horseshoe right now.
 Oh well. We deal and move on. Let's not make this a big thing, please.
 Negative new product review post from an huffy, ill-informed blogger who's obviously just looking to make a scene against a big brand.
 Great (sarcasm) start to Tuesday, the Scrappy Doo of weekdays (annoying for no particular reason, merely its existence)...
  What happens on the 11th of June?
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 RT  We're hiring a public relations AAE/AE. Great opportunity to work on awesome clients! 
 RT  Really?! TMZ takes the cake for worst Bin Laden piece 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I just unlocked the "Don't Stop Believin'" badge on  
 I earned the Check-in Pro sticker on  
 He OWNS it! RT  A collection of some of the best "that's what she said" moments from  
  well I'm enjoying one :) you owe be next time I come to VA!
 I just unlocked the "Bender" badge on  
  Please PLEASE tell me you were singing B*Witched there...because that is what got stuck in my head when I read your tweet.
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I earned the Chelsea on Tour sticker on  
  I know, it's the worst! It could rain all day & I wouldn't mind, as long as it stopped for a.m. commute & when I'm ready to go!
 Oh great. RT  TORNADO WATCH in effect until 10:00 PM for all of western PA and the mountains of WV and MD.
 Funny because it's true. RT  Love tumblrs like this: Dads Are The Original Hipsters 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
  Oh, the trouble with synonyms! Funny thing is, it probably would have made it through approvals without anyone noticing!
 RT  Photo: “Just make a right onto ‘Bucket of Blood St.’ and I’m the third house on the left.” 
 I just almost used the phrase "afternoon delight" in a pitch about family activities.
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 We passed inspection! (  Cochran Nissan) 
 Seems like a waste of whiskey. RT  Car that runs on Bourbon. The future of the planet looks bright. & drunk. 
 I earned the Ben Folds: Rethink Music 2011 sticker on  
  Well I guess SOMEONE had to go to the hospital. Sorry it had to be you, but at least you recover quickly?
  Wait for realsies ER trip?
 RT  MSP Folks: Shandwick's Consumer team is looking for an intern:  
 RT  We're so close to 1k followers! Our 1,000th follower will get a $25 gift certificate to  - pls RT!
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I just unlocked the "Crunked" badge on  
 I'm at Piccolo Forno (3801 Butler Street, Pittsburgh) w/ 2 others 
 I'm at saga hibachi (20006 route 19, cranberry township) 
 I'm at Starbucks (7 Market Square, at Forbes Ave, Pittsburgh) w/ 3 others 
 Firday coworker lunch was at  in Market Square today. Beretta Veggie Burger was delicious, and the fish got raves too!
 I'm at Winghart's Burger & Whiskey Bar (5 Market Square, Pittsburgh) w/ 2 others 
 I just unlocked the "Superstar" badge on  
 RT  Last day to apply for the digital marketing internship available this summer. Please spread the word! 
 Great Friday morning post from  11 Signs You’re a PR Professional   (what would you add?)
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I am watching The Office (w/1645 others)   
 Happy birthday to my Lil Cornflake  xoxo
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I am watching Sports Show with Norm MacDonald (w/15 others)   
  "A young new crew member named Lumpy Tang" hahahahaha
  "had the idea after the company's leaders saw crew members perform the martial art at a company function" (read: were drunk)
  "Normally, a female cabin crew can't handle a fat guy, especially if he's drunk"
  There is so much awesome in this story about flight attendants learning kung fu. Where do I even begin?
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I'm at Geno Levi Salon (Washington Rd, Canonsburg) 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I am watching The Other Guys (w/17 others)   
 I'm at Macy's (400 Fifth Ave, Smithfield St, Pittsburgh) 
 I just unlocked the "4sqDay 2011" badge on  
 A farewell to Kristen Laney ( River City Inn) 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 Still just waiting for the Pittsburgh Police to come...
 And Keira's car was broken into
 Let's go bucs! ( PNC Park w/ 22 others) [pic]: 
 I just unlocked the "Photogenic" badge on  
 I'm at Soho (203 Federal St, General Robinson St, Pittsburgh) 
 PRSA "Art of Fashion PR" event ( Art Institute of Pittsburgh w/ 2 others) 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I am watching Sports Show with Norm MacDonald   
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 RT  Hewar needs a summer  in Wash D.C. Must have knowledge of   &  cultures.  
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I'm at Harrys Pizza (Canonsburg) 
 I'm at Dragonfly (341 Chestnut Street, Morgantown) 
 time entry blah!
 I'm at Original Oyster House (20 Market Sq, Pittsburgh) w/ 2 others 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I'm at Primanti Bros (2 South Market Square, Pittsburgh) 
 I'm at Tavern 245 (245 4th Ave, Pittsburgh) 
 I'm at Market Square (200 5th Ave, Forbes Avenue and Market Street, Pittsburgh) w/ 4 others 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I'm at Jekyll & Hyde (140 S 18th St, btw Jane & Mary Sts, Pittsburgh) 
 I'm at Double Wide Grill (2339 E Carson St, at S 24th St, Pittsburgh) w/ 2 others 
  Kind of like viewing the original, un-cropped version of someone's Facebook photo? Example: 
     These guys look pretty delicious: 
  Probably. There's a distinct possibility of unintentional destruction, so we should maybe convene where neither of us lives...
  We really need to get together. RE: "Cupcakes plus whiskey--what screams LAF more than that?!?" - 
 Any rockstar AS candidates out there? Talk to  Searching for a Talented Account Supervisor 
 "What came first: the music or the misery?" RT  Depression In Teens/Emo Music  via 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
  probably. It was about time for one anyway :)
 Malware scan makes for an unexpected half hour offline. Awesome. 
 Congrats! RT  Congrats Hewar client  for winning Best Product Award at  
 RT  Twitter to Offer Brand Pages Like Facebook's, Report Says 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I am watching The Golden Girls   
 I am watching After Lately   
 I'm at Gold's Gym (100 Forbes Ave, at Stanwix St, Pittsburgh) 
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
  It's not my excuse to do nothing, it's justification for the things I enjoy doing: going to bed early, eating prunes daily...
 I am watching Archer   
 I'm at Original Oyster House (20 Market Sq, Pittsburgh) 
 TGIF! ( Ketchum) 
 RT  They're remaking "teen wolf" but they think it skews too old so they're calling it "tween wolf". Completely ridiculous.
  I think you should stay, regardless of whether you have anything to say :)
 Ketchum alumni happy hour :) ( Nola) 
  YES I was hoping you'd make this connection!!!
    oh my gosh you guys are all set now!!! janglin janglin! sunday mornin janglin!
 RT  EdgeRank: The Secret Sauce That Makes Facebook’s News Feed Tick  
  Check out this PR Internship opportunity: The Dannon Company - Greater New York City Area  
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 "bulb" is a funny word.
  Delicious kreme-filled with chocolate icing. At the bakery where I worked in highschool, we called those "Hollywoods"
 I'm at Heinz Field w/  
 I'm at McCormick & Schmick's (301 Fifth Avenue, at Wood St & Oliver Ave, Pittsburgh) 
 Photo: lafsays: Curse these tiny arms! 
 Rockin' out to U2 all day in anticipation of the concert tonight!
 Photo:  
 I'm at Ketchum w/  
  Thanks, lovely! Miss you!
 I'm at Ketchum (6 PPG Place, btw Wood & Market, Pittsburgh) 
 I'm at Grand Brew Cafe (122 shiloh, Pittsburgh) 
