 RT   We believe that Jesus will someday return in power & great glory; we live ready for that  ...
 Checkout these heartwarming allegories of good and evil from best-selling authors Karen & David Mains. 
 March Madness EXTENDED!!! Get big discounts on resources for pastors and congregations from Mainstay Ministries. 
  March Madness at Mainstay Ministries. Great discounts on your favorite books and pastor resources. 
 Bible Comparison: The Love of the Father - The verses from Hosea 2:14-17 in the New Living Translation tell me ... 
 Bible Comparison: The Word is Creator - The verses from John 1:1-5 in the New Living Translation tell me that I was ... 
 Bible Comparison: The Word is All - The verses from John 1:1-5 in the New Living Translation tell me: The Word, the ... 
 Bible Comparison: Judgement and Joy! - What speaks to me the strongest about these verses from Revelation 2:12-17 in... 
 Bible Comparison: The Word - The verses from John 1:1-5 in the New Living Translation tell me first that everyt... 
 Bible Comparison: The Light of the World - The verses from John 1:1-5 in the New Living Translation tell me that I h... 
 Bible Comparison: Community in Action - These words from John 1:1-5 in the New Living Translation tell me that my re... 
 Bible Comparison: The Importance of the Word - The verses from John 1:1-5 in the New Living Translation remind me th... 
 Bible Comparison: Coming Home - The verses from Hosea 2:14-17 in the New Living Translation tell me that there is a ... 
 Bible Comparison: His Faithfulness and My Responsive Obedience! 
 Bible Comparison: In the Beginning God... - The verses from Genesis 12:1-4 in the New Living Translation are another... 
 Bible Comparison: Light of the World - The verses from John 1:1-5 in the New Living Translation tell me: 1. God is t... 
 Every Woman Has a Story. Change Her Story … Change History. Support the Global Bag Project! 
 Every Woman Has a Story. Change Her Story … Change History. Support the Global Bag Project! 
 When you order a Global Bag Project reusable bag, you're not just feeding a family you're preserving the planet 
 Buy a bag / Feed a family / Preserve the planet
 Psalm 139:14 New Living Translation
 Just listed myself at . List yourself to Find and Get Found by tweeps near you!
 I'm now listed on the Local Twitter Directory for Phoenix, Arizona: www.loadedweb.com/twitter/
 I'm now listed on the Local Twitter Directory for Arizona City, Arizona: www.loadedweb.com/twitter/
 Just got listed at www.TweetFind.com Twitter Directory under: - 
 
   biblecomparison
 RT  It Is Always Better To Imitate A Successful Man Than To Envy Him.     ...
 I'm listed on the  Twitter Directory in in Phoenix, , AZ  with the tags    study
 Just added myself to the  twitter directory under:    
  has 512 followers (+308 yesterday, +73 on average) More stats at TwitterCounter: 
 Just added myself to the  twitter directory under:      
 I Am God's Child 
 Stay away from the love of money; be satisfied with what you have... Hebrews 13:5 NLT
 John 15:17 New Living Translation
 Bible Comparison: I Am God's Child: The verses from Galatians 3:26-29 in the New Living Transl.. 
 1 Peter 2:17 NLT 
  Psalm 21:13 Rise up, O LORD, in all your power. With music and singing we celebrate your mighty acts. 
  Psalm 119:149  In your faithful love, O LORD, hear my cry;
 Ecclesiastes 7:8 Finishing is better than starting.
 Psalm 5:12 New Living Translation
 1 Thessalonians 5:11 So encourage each other and build each other up, just as you are already doing. 
 We love each other as a result of his loving us first. 1 John 4:19 NLT
 Congratulations Angela for winning the 32G iPad + Life Application Study Bible in the NLT bible sweepstakes 
 Bible Comparison: Reaching and Searching for Life: The verses from Luke 11:9-13 in the New Liv.. 
 Bible Comparison: Not Beggars but Sons: The verses from Luke 11:9-13 in the New Living Transla.. 
 Ends Today! Join to Win a Life Application Bible & a 64G Apple iPad 
 Bible Comparison: Harmony: The verses from Psalm 133 in the New Living Translation tell me abo.. 
 Bible Comparison: Wholly Willing.: The verses from 1 Chronicles 28:8-10 in the New Living Tran.. 
 Bible Comparison: Unconditional Love: The verses from 1 John 4:7-10 in the NLT tell me that wh.. 
 Bible Comparison: God is Our Most Perfect Father: The verses from Luke 11:9-13 in the New.. 
 Bible Comparison: LOVE IS...: The verses from 1 John 4:7-10 in the New Living Translation tell.. 
 Bible Comparison: Complete Faithfulness: The verses from Daniel 3:16-18 in the New Living Tran.. 
 Bible Comparison: Father to Son: The verses from 1 John 4:7-10 in the New Living Translation&n.. 
 Contest last day! New Living Translation’s Breakthrough to Clarity Bible Contest. For more info, visit 
 The NLT Bible Contest ends tomorrow. Submit your entries now! 
  God teaches as that as hard as it might be, we must love each other and treat each other as HE loves us. 
 Congratulations to Donna Fontenot of Houma, LA for winning the best selling Life Application Study Bible. 
 Bible Comparison: Intimacy: The verses from 1 Chronicles 28:8-10 in the New Living Translation.. 
 We believe we can get 1000 fans before Friday! Help us suggest the New Living Translation Facebook to your friends 
 Pick a scripture verse and tell us what God is saying to you in that verse.
 Check out some fantastic Scripture passages and tell us how they speak to you!
 The NLT's Breakthrough to Clarity Bible Contest and Giveaway will end on Friday so submit your entries now 
 NLT Sweepstakes ends April 30, 2010  10:24 am (PDT). You can still send in your entries 
 Bible Comparison: An Invitation to Unity: The verses from Galatians 3:26-29 in the New Living .. 
 The Bible is “alive and powerful. It is sharper than the sharpest two-edged sword” (Hebrews 4:12)
 Have you read your NLT Bible today? How does it
 Bible Comparison: God Provides For Our Needs: The verses from Luke 11:9-13 in the New Living T.. 
 Bible Comparison: Amazing Faith: The verses from Daniel 3:16-18 in the New Living Translation .. 
 Be a New Living Translation Facebook Fan! Apple iPad 64G and a Life Application Study Bible will be given away 
 The New Living Translation is A New Benchmark In Dynamic Equivalence - A New Standard In Bible Translation 
 Bible Comparison: Bible Study B.A.S.I.C.S : 
 Bible Comparison: Prophetess : 
 How does 1 John 4:7-10 encourage you to know God better? Share your story here 
 Bible Comparison: Endurance: Therefore, since we are surrounded by such a huge crowd of witnes.. 
 Bible Comparison: Powerless?: He gives power to the weak and strength to the powerless. --Isai.. 
 Bible Comparison: Daily walking close to God: I'd never read the entire bible all the way thro.. 
 Bible Comparison: No Turning Back: 
 Bible Comparison: Star Bright: 
 Bible Comparison: Prepare the Way: 
 Bible Comparison: Prodigal Son_7: The verses from 1 Chronicles 28:8-10 in the New Living Trans.. 
 Bible Comparison: Unity: The verses from Psalm 133 in the New Living Translation tell me that .. 
 Bible Comparison: My Clothes Before God: The verses from Galatians 3:26-29 in the New Living T.. 
 Join NLT Bible Contest and win Life Application Philippians Bible Study 
 Bible Comparison: God's Harmony: The word "Harmony" from Psalm 133 in the New Living.. 
 Look to the power of the cross and the resurrection of Jesus this  
 Today is the Death of Jesus - Savior of Mankind. May we repent our sins and thank God for sacrificing His' Son  
 Bible Comparison: My Clothes Before God: The verses from Galatians 3:26-29 in the New Living Translation tell me t... 
 Bible Comparison: God's Harmony: The word "Harmony" from Psalm 133 in the New Living.. 
 God's Harmony: The word "Harmony" from Psalm 133 in the New Living Translation is a very special.. 
 Unity: The verses from Psalm 133 in the New Living Translation tell me that unity in the church and across deno.. 
 Bible Comparison: Unity: The verses from Psalm 133 in the New Living Translation tell me that .. 
 Everyone wins a free downloadable Life Application Philippians Bible Study, complete with the Book of Philippians NLT 
 Tell Your Friends on Facebook about the Bible Contest & Giveaway - Win an Apple iPad & a Life Application Study Bible! 
 NLT Bible Contest: The Never Ending Adventure 
 Check out the great prizes we’re giving away in the New Living Translation’s Breakthrough to Clarity Bible Contest and Giveaway! 
 Most bible translations simply translate the words, yielding a rendering that most readers will not understand 
 Are you on Twellow yet? I just registered my profile: 
 Check out my new Google profile 
 Bible Comparison: Bible Study B.A.S.I.C.S : 
 Bible Comparison: Prophetess : 
 Bible Comparison: Endurance: Therefore, since we are surrounded by such a huge crowd of witnes.. 
 Bible Comparison: Powerless?: He gives power to the weak and strength to the powerless. --Isai.. 
 Bible Comparison: No Turning Back: 
 Bible Comparison: Star Bright: 
 Bible Comparison: Prepare the Way: 
 Bible Comparison: Daily walking close to God: I'd never read the entire bible all the way thro.. 
 Bible Comparison: God’s Zeal In The Bible Comparison is Always Real: 
 Since we are living by the Spirit, let us follow the Spirit's leading in every part of our lives.
