 Gettin lifted wit my pops.. I loves NY tree...
 A zip and double cup..
  fuck you nigga.
 I've gotten so comfortable smokin on the interstate. I can roll while driving in 49sec flat. I blame  and twitterless Ray.lol
 Chuck-Town bound riding to this Gucci Mane  Somebody talked shit but now they rockin to it.lol
 Your being Hacked! :p by  ;)
  RT  I want a sausage biscuit with some grape jelly.
 Collecting sneakers is an art.. I've perfected my craft...
 Word. U still in da hood? RT   yea it open
  lol smdh. U right.
  how u mean?
  wats wrong?
 Gtfoh! Is the window still open cause I was bout to go get a gar.   So somebody just ... 
  man I gotta hit MIA soon man I kno there some kicks there waitin for me to come get em.lol
 Soo  called me earlier tryin to convince me to come to party in da Met tonight damn I shoulda went.
  iight ill sketch up a few graphic tomorrow while at work and DM them to u.
  word. If u run them by me ill see wat I can do. Its not as hard as u think thou. U just have to be ... 
  yea i dabble.lol wat up?
  yea once u change it ull stop spamming others.
 RT  I'm single but my ol lady is not.
  yea man it happens to the best of us.lol
  change ya password.
  so I'm just realized u tweeted my earlier.lol and naw haven't found a girl to do that yet.lol
   That shit is sad.
 Niggas in chucktown straight WILD! Lmmfao! 
 Fiji water, granddaddy purp... 
 Never kill a woman.. Unless she's a witness...
  lmao! U already kno bro.
   wat yall kno bout dem loosies?lol
  joking prina.
  I did.
  Baby Mama Love- N2U Feat. Jermaine Dupri
 Haha yea  
 She let me roll weed on her tummy. lmao!
 Snatch yo bitches bring em everywhere you can't go..
 
 Come on bruh change ya password haRT  Unemployed moms makes around $300/hr (Online). check out this article 
 I heard da bitch got hit by 3 zebras and a monkey, I can't stand da bitch no way..
 RT  Old enough 2 kno better but young enough 2 not give a fuck....
  word.
 Haha word. RT   
  raw
       Peep dis 
  
 RT  
 RT   is that a cookie?
  *throws up in mouth* RT  I like, I like RT  Freshwater Slaughter  
 RT  i coulda sworn this was twitter and the point is to tweet?
 RT  Aint nothing sexier than a girl who know sports......note that
 RT  Arrest Made at the "Jersey Shore" House 
 RT  Its BEEN fuck the Patriots... still is.
 Ima need my  to change her password wit her spammin 
 He really is. RT  That muh fugga jerm is a beat making dynamo
 YES! RT  Wow. RT  Fuk all that this is a  Lol 
 Haha  I know this feeling RT  black people stay lookin for hand outs....dont come at me wit dat "u gon look out BS"
  Let Me Hold You- Bow Wow Feat. Omarion
 RT  Trials nd Tribulations hold me down but never Still My Grace.
  Gucci Gucci- 
 RT  Curb stomp!
  Mind Of Maniac- Boosie
  Trap Or Die- Young Jeezy Feat. 
  See You In My Nightmares-  Feat. Lil Wayne
 
 Ima step on them if I see u wearing them.lol RT  YAYYYY!!!! My coach rainboots are here!!
 More then likely. RT  I wonder, if I'm going to hate my baby daddy like many of these other girls do.
 Where I get one? RT  Thx!RT   yea its finally here!  
 RT   News: Wiz Khalifa Talks Big Sean, Curren$y Collaborations  RT!
 Lmao! RT  Look at this bumper sticker 
  Looking For Trouble-  Feat. Pusha T, Cyhi,  & J.Cole
  Addiction- 
  Spaceship- 
  lol clearly. But wat kinda of war he fight wit silver bullets in his office? Dis man fightin werewolves and vampires?lol
 Lmao! The fuck? RT  The Shit I Find In My Manager's Office. 
  Get Em High- 
 RT  If the love isn't unconditional, I honestly don't want it. No time for the "love you today, hate you tomorrow" type people.
 RT  RT  This is MY twitter I tweets wat i plz
  Never Let Me Down-  Feat. Jay-Z
 The people highest up, got the lowest self esteem..
 Couldn't afford a car so she named he daughter a-Lexus...
  All Falls Down- 
 That mean I forgot better shit then you ever thought of...
  Diamonds From Sierra Leone- 
  Overnight Celebrity- Twista Feat. 
  no prob bro.
 Lemme get ya sheets wet, listenin to Keith Sweat...
 Ima play dis Vandross you gone, you gone take yo pants...
 So I took all my  albums and songs thru them in a playlist hit the shuffle and lettin it ride.. 
  Slow Jamz(Extended version)-  Feat. Twista & Jamie Foxx
 RT  You have to give respect in order to gain respect.
 Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall.. For a chance to be with you, I'd gladly risk it allll...
 She been wit me before the deal she been tryna be mine, She a delta so she been throwin dat Dynasty sign...
  Through The Wire- 
  Heard Em' Say- 
 And I wonder.. If you know.. What it meeeans...
  I Wonder- 
 RT   Finalist 3 -   – Hit the RT button if you think he should be our 23rd follow.
 See I know my destination but I'm just not there...
  Street Lights- 
 Players play, coaches coach, and cheerleaders cheer...
 "HIGHway to heaven, God do you see my headlights.."
  Nightmares Of The Bottom- Lil Wayne
 RT  LeBron's Biggest Fan Catches A Brutal Beatdown 
  Four- Yo Gotti Feat. Young Jeezy 
 RT  Polo on sale for little boys in Dillards.  30% off of an already discounted 33%.  Jump on it.
  Far Away- Marsha Ambrosius
  Soldier Of Love- Sade
 
 This Jill Scott and Anthony Hamilton song riiides. 
 RT  friends are like boobs..some are real and some are fake
  don't be fooled.
 Wait was that a subtweet for me? O you shouldn't have.
  Sleep. i gotcha.lol
 Umm no ones holding a gun to ur head people, there is an unfollow button..
  O ok.
 DMs only!!! Me and you should ______ finish the sentence..
 Whippin up dem babies.. LolRT  Wtf Juiceman be talkin bout?
 Haha dats my niece! RT  She watching Jeezy on 106&Park, lol 
 RT  I kinda wanna do Something now.....
 Lmmfao! RT  Chef  creation!! 
 RT  Bitches... RT  Sluts.. RT  Hoes…. <- all suck dick.
   hahaha indeed.
  o naw I wasn't ignoring u. How was ur today? Since u ignored my text earlier.
  ask  how I  2 big macs before we pulled out mickey d's parkin lot.lol
 Aye WATCH YO MOUTH NIGGA! RT   -- quit quotin that trash nigga aka wayne
 I forgot Jeezy was Loc'in..
  huh? When? I didn't ignore you. wat u mean?
 Haha lmao! RT  S/o to u if u left fb cause u were abt 2 get dat azz beat now u on Twitter bout 2 get dat azz beat
 You wood block me but this aint jinga...
  RT  Be so wet...yu won't wanna add no damn spit to it!! Lol
 
 U aint fuckin lyin.lol RT  lost a lot of brain cells listening to Kush and OJ
 Lmao! RT  I hope them kids come round here wit that foolishness today... I'm straight bombing on dey ... 
  No you ass clown! Yes that ur in feeling better.lol
  I take that as a yes.
  I knew that was coming as soon as I hit the send button and saw that I misspelled it.smh Playa fuck up *Day Day voice*
 So  wanna moniter my tweets  jk
  lmao! That song was HILL-LARRY-US!!
  1 tweet tho?lol I see you feeling better.
  wanna find out?lmao
 RT  
 RT  " Niggaz do too much talking..."<<yeen lyin bruh dey worst den dez hoes!!
 RT  Man where is Mary Jane when you need her.
 Yall remember that song wit Chris Rock "No Sex In The Champagne Room" ?
 RT  im done being nice to people
 And 12 toenails.. RT  An elephant has 4 knees
 Do ya thing bruh RT  I Dont Stay in One Place Too Long...... Columbia, Florence, Charlotte, Atlanta .......  at its best
 RT  Damn they gave  jail time? That's fucked up. he always rep Detroit hard.
  lmmfao!
  The Block Is Hot RT  Ain got on no suits cuz we ain tryna b presidents
 RT  
  man in coolin livin the  When u touchin back down?
  I may be young but I kno  How's it goin bro?
  I'd Rather Be With You- Bootsy Collins
  Let's Get Blown-  Feat. 
 RT  How many of my female followers tatted?
 RT  my president is black...so is my credit card
  trinidad?
 RT  I won't kiss ya ass...that's what I won't do
   i have a few too.smdh
 Ima need  to change his password spammin my damn DMs 
  haha you too.
 Ima need a  by the end of today..
  mooorning..
 RT  Fast forward to Friday. Oh I wish
 S/O to  for the good laugh and turnin my morning around.lmao
 Bitch GTFO my da mentions..
 I'm bout to listen to this  and see wat Yo Gotti got for me this time around..
 I'm tired already.. I want my bed...
 RT  Praises to the Most High
 RT  Deep throat a butcher knife trick
  notice none of the involve talkin on the phone. Now I will gladly shoot u a text but I'm not callin u til I leave here.*shrugs*
 Running on this treadmill, tweetin, and textin. I'm a fuckin  I bust my ass.
  I got that text. I'm not talkin bout that MAAM.lol and shut up dork. ;-)
  don't tweet me I'm mad at u maam. >:-(
  wat did I do? Call me right quick be4 I put my phone up.
 Man this cuttin back on smokin for these next couple months is gonna be harder then I thought. I've already started snappin at people.
  mma fight Oct 14.
 Day 2 of training. And I also found out I have to cut weight..
  aye I sent it. Check ya email.
  wats yo email?
  She Don't Want A Man- 
 Yo  you still need my resume?
  Maserati- Young Dro
   Mixtape- Young Dro
 RT  I Want A Dr.Pepper Fountain!!!! Lol
 RT   Nas feat. Keyshia Cole - More Than I Can Say  RT!
 You kno she use to be a man or something like dat right? RT  Lady GaGa can get it, just cause she strange
 Clean out ur back sent next time.lol cute pic thou. RT  Meeee! 
 RT  I am a ticking time bomb.
 RT  Nobody want a complicated girl, Nobody want an easy one either!
 This week has been hectic for me but mufuckas don't understand I'm about explode on a sum mufuckas and hurt some feelings BAD. fam too.
 Sippin on some sizzzurp, sip, sippin on some, sip, sippin on some sizzzurp...
  Dollar Signs(Remix)- Project Pat Feat. Three 6 Mafia & Rick Ross
 Lmao! HA! RT  I rush n read thm damn chapters 2 find out my quiz is thur nt 2day *rolls eyes*
  Trouble On My Mind- Pusha T Feat. Tyler The Creator
 Take over the world while im on my Donald Trump shit...
  Good morning.
  nvm girl.
 RT  Praises to the Most High
  call me.
  ur not the only one.
 
  yea MMA. Since my junior year in high school.
  lol. dats da only reason dis show worth watchin cause of stacy and lisa.
  = Stupid show..
 iight. RT   ay seen me a copy of ur resume
 Back at it. Day 1 of training.. Its been a while since these have been on my hands. 
  o :-(
   lmao! That's wat won't happen.
 Lmao! Damn whit.lol RT  If you're under 21 I probably hate you
 RT  RT  Who would win in a street fight off da hands against Chris Brown & Trey Songz? *Chris
 Who would win in a street fight off da hands against Chris Brown & Trey Songz?
     don't let Rhi Rhi ass whoopin blind you. Chris Brown will black-out on Trey.
 Its herb considered a gift? RT  Now accepting house warming gifts
 RT  RT  Black and Latin women are the most beautiful women in the world
   Wat you sayin Daisy?lol
  haha u trippin. Chris Brown would give da nigga Trey Songz da hook up off da hands!   
  lmao! o iight. How many days in are u?
  cause Chris Brown won't go ahead whoop his ass.
 Da fuck James? RT  Ready for the aches
  why for which one? Or both?lol
 RT   do splits in the club
  fuck dat nigga. I take it you havent seen these hands. ill drag lil dawg.
 RT  Question: If u could go off the hands with any rapper or singer who would it be?
 Nick Cannon & Trey Songz RT  Question: If u could go off the hands with any rapper or singer who would it be?
 Freeeeeeeee! Early too.
 Dis chic sound all fucked up. RT  Middle name "Yeaxer" WTF?? Like who thought this would be a good middle name.How do u say that?
  RT   News: Cee-Lo Announces New "Goodie Mob" Album  RT!
  Blake Griffins 
 Just let em down easy shawty.lol u don't have to explain RT    i kno u ... 
   dat aint yo mixx no mo lil daddy.lol
 *waves* hey 
  Me & My Bitch- Biggie
  iight.
  can yall order them?
  yall got dem "Sprites" in a 10 or 10.5?
  u at work?
 I had one in middle school and freshmen year n high school.lol RT  Ok so who has a Tagged profile? (another social network)
  hell yea dem shits burn just as slow as a Game cigar if not slower.
 Garcia & Vega's. Get em in the fresh sealed 3 pack. RT  Important question to da weed heads!   WAT YALL TWIST UP WIT?!?!!
 Guess not..
 RT  MUSIC!
 I've been in this office wit the door lock on the cpu and rollin up my  for my break..
  Bans...
  aww man. U go in be4 I get off.
  im clocked in now. U work later today?
  I want some! :-(
 Ash gonna get enough of askin me these questions that she kno she doesn't want me to answer.lol
  wat happened? U good?
  appreciate it homie.
  when u go in will u check to see if yall have Lebron 8 "Sprites" Low in a 10 or 10.5. Ill pick em up when I get off.
  u work today?
 Lmao!  RT  I wish these people would hurry up and fire me. I hate this dumb job.
 Where did u see the tour dates? RT  Just saw tour dates for Jay and Kanye....who's down!?
  who u tryin to convince?lmao
 Looks like ill have to go by the mall when I get off..
 I can't wait til this collabo album drop. Tryin not to listen to any of the tracks until the album drop..
 RT   Kanye West & Jay-Z - That's My Bitch (Prod. by Q-Tip, Kanye West & Jeff Bhasker)  *Stream Only*RT!
  word. ;-) lol
  u might REALLY want to one day and do it.lol then ima read about u in the paper.lol
 So any of my  followers at work and mind checkin on a shoe for me?    
  TwitterLies.com lol
  cute avi as usual.. But u can't be cute throwin rocks n shit at people cars.lol
  lol  *puts chef hopes & dreams in shoe box and sets on fire*
  I know how to cook. U name it I can cook it.lol
  how u figure?
 RT  "Sophisticated ignorance I write my curses in cursive"
 Bwahaha! RT  I wish I could type in mary jane on my gps....
  RT  Every time I see a certain car I be wanting to throw a damn rock at it or bust a ... 
  wat u wanna eat?lol
  
 Let's fuckin go! RT  Jay-Z and Kanye West Form "The Throne," Announce Tour 
  RT  Loyalty is like finding a 4leaf clover now a dayz.... 
  *Looks up at the sky* o ok.lol Well since ur up on ur day off.. Eggs, bacon, & pancakes sound lovely. ;-) lol
  haha I'm sure you didn't miss anything. And take ur butt back to sleep.
 RT  Praises due to the Most High
 RT  I like how SF talkin so much shit sayin we neva won anything but when I was in HS ya couldn't win a fball game agains ...
 If I could go back and do it all over again I would.. 
 .....*crickets*..... Lol RT  Where my BRUINS 
  my first time gettin arrest for weed at the career center.. 
 RT   losing them damn basketball games
 RT  LIKE I GIVE A FUCK!!!!!
 RT   having to go to lunch detention freshmen year if yu didnt do ur homework lol
 LMAO! RT   the day  spreaded tht rumor abt a certain principal an had almost everyone believing tht ish...smh
 RT  If it was easy, everybody would be doin it
  When Erica told cause she thought I was gonna hit her ass after she had done ran up in my face on some dumb shit.
  when SOMEBODY left they thongs on my windshield wipers and  front door.hahahaha
  Mcleod Park...
  When  smacked Edna(bus driver) on da forehead wit lotion.
  Mrs.Shoemaker class 
 How da fuck you outta traditional style wings?!
  
  RT   picked her nose and then put lip gloss on wit tha same finger..smh
 RT  It seems like the people who do things the wrong way seem to have it all....am I missing something??
 We just havin SEX, I'm gonna get you wet.. We not makin love tonight....
 This fuckin beat ride..
  Sex-  
  don't let the  rub off on you..
  ewww O_o!? Why?
  Thriller- MJ
  lol. U don't even believe that.
  Somebody(Loves You)- Plies
  Grown Man- Lil Wayne Feat. Curren$y
 I miss echofon from when I had my iPhone. I could refresh my TL faster. Maybe it dis trash ass BB..
 Well it is  Are you partaking in the festivities? Lol RT  Heyy was that a subtweet
 I forgot to put  at the end of that last tweet..smh
 So you liked my FB pic ash?lol
 RT   lol Thank U. i mean Music Is Based On Opinion so I Cant Make Any Choose an Option. We Dont Have 2 all like ...
  says who?lol
 Lastnight? RT  Feeling like making dinner tonight!! The last in D2A
  Tha Carter II...
 
  yup.lol The song raw doe.
  Watch The Reaction- Pimp C Feat. Killa Kyleon & Lil Keke
 Say he couldnt swim.. hollows got his body flooooatin...
  have u heard the sond?
  Friends Before Lovers- Blind Fury
  Dollar Signs(Remix)- Project Pat Feat. Rick Ross..
 hope today goes by smoothly...
  smh.lol
 At 4:20.. I gotta thank da Kelly Green...
 Had to throw dat "Kelly Green" on repeat..  Kelly Green- Project Pat Feat. Juicy J...
  Kelly Green- Project Pat Feat. 
 RT  Up getting high...
 "You false flagas in da streets, we gone get up witcha.."
 yo this Project Pat  mixtape riiiiiides...
 W&B..
  lol good luck with that.lol and why at such a odd time?lol
 clearly didnt mean to sleep dat damn long.. slept my life away..
 Bounce out.. Pockets on loud.. Stuntin so hard I bet yo bitch see me now... 
 Or mush dey ass.. *shrugs* RT   just go grab a plate and if somebody say something be like 2 late
 Def not suppose to be here on my damn saturday..:-/
 RT  RT  Ey and stop sayin slick shit about somone who jus passed
 This day needs to go by FAST.. :-/
  You Know I'm No Good- R.I.P Amy Winehouse.. Feat Ghostface Killah
 Seems like life is just a constant war between good and evil...
  of course not. ;-)
  I apologize then.
  Whoa. Calm yourself sweetheart wasn't that serious. JOKING. u act like I'm the nigga goin around ... 
 N they wonder why we go to the white woman.  RT  Silence=Death...of all the women in the ... 
 My Chucks... -  
 RT   hit Da White Sto up on da late night
  O.T.T.R-   & 
 RT   do what they want because we can
 Bout to start crackin skulls together..
 I def need a smoke break...
  Get Your Roll On- Big Tymers
 New Job offer today!
 RT  Nosey Bastards! RT  I hate twatchers...
 I hate twatchers...
 Hahaha... RT  I got a Delta fetish
 Where is  when I need her? Smdh.
 Smdh. Today is not the day.. I'm in too good of a mood for someone to ruin it...
 Hell yea! RT  Gotta love direct deposit wake up with more money than you went to sleep with
   While higher then 50000 feet...
 Well look who decided to join the Twitter world.. 
 Yea just got a message that hurt my heart... 
  
 Haha RT  New Jersey = New York's shadow
 RT  S/O -------->  he got a job!! Congrats
 Lmao. Yup RT   I'm sorry bt its been approved   ... 
 Anger is an emotion in which the tongue moves faster then the brain.. 
 Damn ima have to start cuttin back on my smokin and quit smokin blacks completely.. :-/
 My Insanity workout begins tonight Day 1 of 30. Sparring and trainin drill starts next week. Fights in a month. Its been a while..
 I'm tryin to use better words...
 RT  Good thing I'm a firm believer in you reap what you sow & karma is that motherfckn bitch.
 RT  i think people make statements just to get a reaction
 Soooo  gone have to see dez hands..
 RT  If I kept my Chucks on during sex. U didn't Fukkk Me.
 I'm On One RT  what do yal think is the summer song of 2011??
 Punk asses. RT  S/O to the light skin people that's getting there Ass kick by this heat. *Its almost over just hold on*
 Music is always better when ur lifted.. Matter fact everything is..
 Wait... Who taught my Gma house to text?
 Gma just text me.. I FUCKIN LOVE MY GMA YO!
  I would let u use mine but I have a strong NO CHICK MOVIES rule.lol
 U gonna be walkin round lookin like Yeezy after his wreak.lol RT  Damn I dont wanna get my wisdom teeth pulled
 RT  Do ya? Do ya? Do ya?.....Now do you think you love me Mary Jane. Don't you play no games.
 RT  “  if you dont give Top! simple as dat”<= trippin brah  if dats da case
  supppppppp sis!
  I keep dis stuff stocked. I swear its a liquid high.lol
 Hahaha RT   Why are you so happy? You got some trim last night?
 Wat u kno bout dat?lol RT  "1 big room full of bad bxtches..."
 Raspberry Simply Lemonade.. Heaven on earth...
 Wanna send a Birthday S/O to  &  you guys enjoy ur day.
 That Cee-Lo and Wiz song riiiides...
 Damn I miss Roscoe Chicken & Waffles...
 This week has not been a good week so far.. And its just keeps gettin worse.
 I got a lot to do when I leave dis bitch today...
 These shits kinda raw RT  [NEWS]: Nike Dunk High - Wine/Wolf Grey-White - Available   
 So I listen to Lil B?lol RT  First I park my car...
 Lmao! RT  Man its hot outside and this bytch better not expect me to be playing on this jungle gym with these kids!
 2 bodies was found in the dub flo idk bout the other. I'm guessin in the dub. RT    Shot where?
  Let Me Ease Ya Mind- Lil Boosie
 RT  two people who should never let their phone die: the president...and the weed man lmao
 Da fuck? Dats like 3 bodies this week shit bout to get real hot in da hood. RT  I heard somebody else got killed lastnight
  RT   My bad ain been doin my job today. Ima get the TL poppin tomorrow!
 RT  Ladies when you blessing the Mic please don't bite 
 RT  Being naked is the best way to sleep at night!!!
 Yall  wit dis  tonight.lmao
 RT  Wen i c names of artist or songs i like in my tl i b goin rite in my ipod n turnin dat shit on..
