 Apple wins global smartphone crown, Nokia now 3rd  via 
 The fight gets technical: mobile apps vs. mobile sites   via 
 Grapple are currently looking for a new UI Designer, check out our blog for more info - 
 BBC Worldwide launches global iPlayer tablet app | News | New Media Age:  via 
 New BBM 6 application goes live alongside first wave of API partners 
 420m smartphones will be sold this year 
 Mobile application revenue to pass $29B by 2015  via 
 Is RIM's PlayBook the Best Tablet for Web Apps?  via 
 Interesting article on mobile from AKQA's CCO "Mobile, the most pervasive medium of our time, is the perfect vehicle." 
 Deciding Whether Your Business Needs a Mobile App  via 
 In mobile apps, it is differentiate or die - Mobile Marketer - Content 
 The pressure to price apps right - Luxury Daily - Columns 
 2.1bn mobile devices will be HTML5-friendly by 2016 says ABI Research 
 Driving cross-channel business value with mobile - Luxury Daily - Columns 
 42 Per Cent of UK Consumers Using a Smartphone | 
 App Reviews: Google+, Sky Go, Sid Meier's Pirates! and more  via 
 Android Market embraces fragmentation, allows multiple APKs for a single app  via 
 How to use Mobile Applications to Grow your Business | As Seen On Phone™ 
 RT  RT  Don't Treat Smartphones Like 'Little PCs' , by 
  Thanks Ian
 1bn smartphone shipments a year by 2016 
 Apple Hits the Highs – Again | 
 Are mobile incentives the only way to drive consumers in-store? - Mobile Commerce Daily - Content 
 comScore Reports on Mobile Map Usage | 
  Thanks for your msg. Best to email hello in order to discuss the project in a bit more detail
 Google’s Schmidt hails the ‘real mobile revolution’ in Asia | Asian Correspondent 
 CNN now streaming 24-hour live news to iPads and iPhones  via 
 Looking for inspirational mobile experts to speak at the next "At Grapple" Event -  will be a hard act to follow
 RT  British retailers cannot afford to ignore mobile: Rating: Mobile search volumes increased 216% says BRC
 Five questions to ask before starting a mobile development project - Mobile Marketer - Columns 
 IKEA increases summer sales via mobile initiative - Mobile Commerce Daily - Multichannel retail su.. 
 MusicMagpie – consumer app of the week  via 
 NewsFactor Network | Apple Preps B2B Mobile App Volume Purchasing Program:  via 
 O2 launches location-based deals service for its customers  via 
 Sainsbury's transactional mobile site goes live - Marketing news - Marketing magazine 
 BBC News - BBC to survey UK mobile coverage 
 All looking forward to hearing from  later this afternoon at our 4th "At Grapple" event
 Apple's iOS App Store reaches 15bn downloads milestone  via 
 Grapple Creates App for Post Office | 
 Great mix of speakers at MEF Global 2011. Currently listening to Shazam - theirs is apparently 4th most downloaded app of all time
 Ronnette Lucraft: Why NHS Direct moved its advice to mobile apps  via 
 RT   There are 300 mobile phones left in London taxis every day..imagine how much personal data is there.
 RT   Fascinating stuff at Editorial Intelligence 'Mobile World' conference today.  Blogged it here: 
 CEO Alistair Crane will be speaking at 11.15 at MEF Global 2011 tomorrow. Hope to see you there - 
 Mobile Payments to 'Triple by 2015' | 
 Who else is going to be at the Mobile World Conference tomorrow -  ?
 Samsung says it has sold 3m Galaxy S II Android smartphones 
 Vodafone promises 'quality over quantity' in its Android Market channel  via 
 Windows Phone now has more than 25,000 apps available 
 More than 2.5 million people in Canada are using mobile banking applications for daily banking - 
 Mobile Apps Break Six Figures in Apple’s iPad App Store  via 
 RT  Android Market hits 4.5bn app downloads and has generated the last 1 bn in only 60 days | NMA 
 Looking forward to speaking at the MEF Global Conference next week - . Let us know if you are going to be there too.
 RT  The Times notching up 35k iPad app downloads a day 
 Q25 | Creative Showcase:  via 
 AddThis Arrives for Mobile App Developers  via 
 Apps fuelling sharp growth for mobile gambling industry  via 
 25 per cent of UK mobile internet users do mobile banking  
 IDC predicts 183bn mobile app downloads in 2015 
 Hi Alex, great event, thanks for inviting us to be a part of it and Becky good to see you again.   
 WSJ.com - TouchPad Needs More Apps, Reboot to Rival iPad 
 Retail needs mobile apps - and quickly 
 Our walls are looking a little bare.....any designers/artists/illustrators interested in helping us to fill them, get in touch
 Grapple are currently looking for expert Project Managers to join the team. Check out our blog for full details - 
 In-store, mobile integration can build brand loyalists: Digby - Luxury Daily - Mobile 
 Mobile key ingredient needed to encourage consumer purchasing - Mobile Commerce Daily - Multichann.. 
 Nokia's Ovi Store hits 6 million daily downloads 
 Smartphone apps continue to hit TomTom 
 Hertz Europe launches Android, Symbian and BlackBerry mobile apps « « IntoMobile IntoMobile 
 HP tablet to get Facebook app before iPad?  via 
 Foursquare raises $50m as iFund VC predicts 2011 boom for mobile startups  via 
 Check out our latest app for Hertz now available on Nokia. Versions also available for iPhone, Android & Blackberry - www.hertz.co.uk/app
  - we have developer vacancies for Computer Science graduates. Can you help fill them?
 Check out our pics from the NMA Awards last night here -  
 Nokia Store/Ovi Store topping 6 million daily downloads (>2Billion/Year rate) 
 Great evening at the NMA Awards last night & exciting to come home with an Award! Congrats to all the team who worked on Premier Inn Mobile
 Top 10 luxury branded mobile apps of Q2 
 RT  Winner of the Travel category is Grapple Mobile for Premier Inn mobile 
 Just won best travel app at NMA Effectiveness awards for Premier Inn mobile! 
 Want to engage mobile users? Think social and simple 
 10 Amazing Android Photographs  via  
 Asia booms for mobile app downloads - 
 RT  Study: Americans Use Mobile Apps More than Full Web Now - Techland - TIME.com 
 Music Week - Music Week - Music business magazine - Glastonbury: Mobile apps to come into play:  via 
 Ford Beefs Up Technology Team on Demand for Mobile Apps in Cars - Bloomberg  via 
 RT  Foursquare hits 10,000,000 users [infographic] 
 RT  Lunchtime Read: The 2011 nominations for gadget of the year: 
 Apple release free app that allows HD streaming of live performances from iTunes festival - 
 Looking forward to the NMA Awards on Thursday. Who else is going to be there?
 Awesome to see our new Blackberry Playbook App for Q Magazine - Q25 - getting some great reviews in Appworld!
 Read more about the Blackberry Playbook app we developed for Q Magazine here, on NMA.co.uk - 
 RT  Instagram +  =  brought to you by   
 RT  Right, plenty of  N9 first-impressions/photos here:  tl;dr: I like it
 Kenya launches Africa’s first mobile apps lab  via 
 Q25 - Our new music discovery app for Q Magazine & Blackberry is out now on bb Playbook!!
 Trump Hotels rolls out mobile check-in to highlight customer service - Luxury Daily - Mobile 
 Are mobile daily deals overwhelming consumers? - Mobile Commerce Daily - Database/CRM 
 Appnomy: 67% App Developers Currently Developing For Android and 59% For Apple’s iOS:  via 
 Flurry: Time Spent On Mobile Apps Has Surpassed Web Browsing  via 
 Andrew Warner, Founder of Mixergy.com recently interviewed CEO Alistair Crane. Check out the full interview here -  
 5 Mobile Apps Trying To Do Some Social Good [VIDEOS]  via  
 iTunes Store Costs Apple $1.3 Billion Per Year?  via 
 RT  Unilever’s Altschuler : mobile will be primary engagement channel for Unilever to double in size ver next 10 years  ...
 RT  28% of all internet time is from smartphones according to  
 RT  Mobile phones unlock power of QR codes and process for end users   
 If you missed us at the Open Mobile Summit last week, listen to Alistair Crane's presentation on game mechanics here - 
 Personalizing the retail experience via mobile - Luxury Daily - Columns 
 Instagram by the Numbers: 5 Million Users & 100 Million Photos  via  
 Google Maps tops UK connected mobile apps list with 6.4m users  via 
 4G auction 'illegal under EU law' - Telegraph  via 
 Adobe shows how location-based ads can be functional | Opinion | Marketing Week:  via 
 Trends in the Fast-Growing Mobile Apps Market « Data Center Knowledge:  via 
 Creating mobile content: a lack of application  via 
  Thanks Amo. We will be in touch.
 Currently looking for speakers for our next "At Grapple" Event....any recommendations for inspirational and willing speakers welcome
 Country with 2nd largest facebook usage in the world?.....Indonesia.....who knew (figaro digital)
 CEO Alistair Crane will be sharing experiences on "Using game mechanics to engage a mass market" at 2.40pm 
 RT  FT's Rob Grimshaw: We may see more than half of our digital consumption come from mobile devices within three years  ...
 RT   smartphone last thing you touch before going to sleep and first thing you touch in morning.  tablet is much le ...
 RT  RT  We're really impressed with Open Mobile Summit today. What a speaker line-up. 
 RT  6m app and content downloads every day from Nokia outlets - Elop 
 Our CEO Alistair Crane will be speaking at the Open Mobile Summit today at 2.40pm. Hope to see you there! 
 Why native apps have an edge over mobile Web - Mobile Commerce Daily - Columns 
 Four out of Five of You Can’t Live Without Your Angry Birds 
 48m app downloads by 2015? 
 RT  WHY MOBILE IS NOW KEY  Ajaz Ahmed: Success belongs to the most accessible brands  
 RT  mobile is 10% of all YouTube views 
 Check out "Hult Marketing Club: Mobile Marketing Featuring Nokia and Grapple Mobile "  via 
 & tomorrow our CEO will be presenting at the Open Mobile Summit. Other speakers inc Nokia (Stephen Elop), eBay, LG, EAT, Tesco, Oxfam, Sykpe
 Looking forward to heading down to  later. Look out for our Senior Product Manager who will be speaking at 3.30pm
 Mobile apps save small firms 1.1 billion hours | small, billion, save - The Orange County Register 
 Catch CEO Alistair Crane at the Open Mobile Summit on Thursday. Other speakers include Nokia (Stephen Elop), eBay, Tesco, O2, Orange and MTV
 ComScore: Android captures top spot in U.S. smartphone market 
 RT  Four ways custom mobile apps can advance your business 
 RT  Consumer use of mobile to access retail content jumped significantly: Study 
 RT  HP's TouchPad Might Be iPad's Top Challenger: 10 Reasons Why ...: _HP's TouchPad_ Might Be iPad's Top Challenger: 10.. ...
 RT  Men's Health launches mobile site, iPhone app and bookazine: Natmag-Rodale aims to strengthen the pos...  ...
 New Mobile Marketing Study: What it Means for Content Marketers  via 
 Microsoft limits daily approval of Windows Phone apps  via 
 Grapple will be speaking at Mobile App World & Open Mobile Summit next week. Hope to see lots of you there  
 Just found out our app for Premier Inn has been shortlisted for the "Best Brand on Mobile" Award at this years Meffys - 
 10 Great Games for Your BlackBerry PlayBook 
 We are currently on the look out for a new Project Manager to join the team. Check out our blog for full details - 
 6 Factors Behind the Mobile Photo Sharing Boom  via  
 Windows 8 revealed: Tablet-friendly UI, HTML5 apps [Video] 
  Huge thanks again for a fascinating and truly inspirational evening!
 Team all looking forward to meeting  and hearing all about his amazing travels in our 3rd "At Grapple" event this eve
 RT  Lady Gaga: The Monster In You hits the AppStore 
 Nokia E6 and X7 are shipping, first Symbian “Anna” phones  via 
 It's hard to sell Android apps, but that will change in 2011  via 
 Nokia ‘would have been better off with Android’ - Telegraph  via 
 Apps rush: Adele, Duke Nukem Forever, Great British Picnics and more  via 
 How mobile apps and gadgets will change your health  via 
 250 best iPad apps: food and drink apps - Telegraph  via 
 Microsoft on Windows Phone 7.5 and Windows 8 (Video) - Digital Lifestyle - Macworld UK 
 BBC brings official News app to Android Market | ZDNet UK 
 AdMob rolls out new tablet formats as ad requests top 2.7B a day - FierceMobileContent  via 
 Orange app helps Glastonbury-goers get about | News | New Media Age:  via 
 Starbucks announces UK contactless payment trial - Marketing news - Marketing magazine 
 Consumers Quick to Adopt Mobile Shopping | 
 NFC mobile payment ‘Google Wallet’ confirmed for Thursday press event - 
 Cornwall to trial 4G mobile broadband - 
 RT  Yahoo's CEO Bartz: "mobile now the center of our focus"
 Left at the loo rolls: Tesco tests supermarket sat-nav | Mobile | silicon.com 
 Microsoft courts app developers with Windows Phone Mango  via 
 Find out how Grapple are helping Macworld bring the world's best-selling Apple Magazine to the iPad - 
 PayPal Mobile generating $6M daily in total payment volume - Mobile Marketer - Banking and payments 
 Mobile key channel to provide incremental retail sales - Mobile Commerce - Webinars 
 Consumers embrace mobile for bigger purchases: study - Mobile Commerce - Research 
 Square iPad app makes cash registers history 
 Can Modern Mobile Web Apps Loosen Apple's Grip on Tablet Publishing?  via  
 Microsoft: Making smartphones smarter and easier  via 
 Mobile app helps doctors diagnose strokes - 
 Interesting stats on the App Store RT  Apple Has Approved 500,000 Mobile Apps - Techland - TIME.com 
  recently interviewed our CEO Alistair Crane for their HOT COMPANY PROFILE. Check out the article here - 
 RT  Google Maps updated for Android and iPhone mobile Web browsers 
 Apple Revamps Apple Store iPhone App 
 T-Mobile unveils new unlimited plans  via 
 Amazon now selling more Kindle e-books than physical books 
 We're currently looking for a Project Manager to join the team. Check out our blog for more info - 
 Apps rush: Rio Ferdinand, Hunch Mobile, StreamGlider and more  via 
 Bulgari breaks into Facebook commerce via Enchanted Garden app - Luxury Daily - Mobile Commerce Da.. 
 Young consumers keen to make the switch to contactless mobile phone payments - Life & Style - The .. 
 'Wave and pay' mobile phone spells the end for cash - Telegraph  via 
 Mobile apps create smartphone loyalty, says Gartner  via 
 A very Happy Birthday to our Lead Designer Trish!
 Grapple's app for Britain's Got Talent records 1.5m interactions in just 5wks! 
 RT  Paramount Pictures Publishes Vintage Super 8T iPhone App  
 Teenagers go for cheaper options with smartphones | News | New Media Age:  via 
 Are you looking for a PR Internship in media/technology? If so get in touch! Please send your CV & cover letter to jobs
 Big thanks to  from  for coming in yesterday. Fascinating afternoon. Post on his presentation up on our blog soon!
 Domino's launches Android app as mobile sales top £10m | News | New Media Age via 
 RT  [Electricpig] Nokia N9 advert leaks: Five secrets revealed 
 We are currently looking for a senior freelance UI designer to join the team.  Full job spec on our blog - 
 Playbook on sale in UK from 16th June for £399 | 
 Scalpel, Android, iPhone: the NHS starts dispensing apps  via 
  Thanks! Was great to be involved.
 Brits use 115MB of data an hour on 'free' smartphone apps - 
 WSJ.com - SAP Focuses on Mobile Apps for Growth 
  Yes, the apps were built in web languages and then put through our patented platform
 Q&A: Starbucks mobile exec on Android, mobile ordering: 
  At present these are internal events only, but we will also be organising some external ones soon....will keep you posted
 RT  Can you help?  are looking for a senior freelance UI designer to join the team.  ...
 BBC News - Nokia kills off Ovi mobile brand - 
 Excited about our 2nd "At Grapple" event this afternoon, with special guest  from 
 comScore: Mobile check-ins on the up with younger consumers - Mobile Marketing - BizReport  via 
 Brands should be fired up by Apprentice app task | Opinion | Marketing Week  via 
 Any experienced UI designers looking for an exciting new challenge, get in touch! 
 4G will deliver three times more capacity than 3G, says Ofcom - ComputerworldUK.com 
 HTC releases Flyer Android tablet in UK | ZDNet UK 
 Android Market goes commercial in 131 countries 
   Thank you!
  Sounds good
 We are currently looking for a Senior UI Designer. Anyone interested please email CV and cover letter to jobs
 RT  Google's new Android plan: world domination. 
 35 Percent Use Mobile Apps Before Getting out of Bed 
   Hi Milo, we currently handle all our PR internally
  Hi Jon, we have our own proprietary technology. Do get in touch if you want to hear more...
  Thanks Ron
  We use proprietary technology - would welcome the chance to explain in person
 RT  The Apprentice apps episode: the morning after 
  You will have to give us some tips
   Thanks Mark!
  Thanks Leila!
 Apps Go Mainstream | 
 Live blog from The Apprentice last night on Mobile Entertainment  
 Big thanks to the Apprentice team  and   
  Great to be a part of the show last night
 Check out our CEO's thoughts on The Apprentice last night on top tech site Pocket Lint  via 
   Hi Rory, thanks for the mention BBC - dot.Rory - 
  Thanks Michael!
  Hi Cai, perhaps easiest to drop us an email at hello so we can have a chat about what you are looking for
  spot on!
  Hey Paul, hope you enjoyed watching the show
  Hey Ambi, hope you enjoyed the show!
   Hi Lucie, please just include 'PR Intern' in the subject line of your email and it will go to the right person. Thanks
 Guess who else is on the show this evening? - " Wired comes to The Apprentice tonight! (Wired UK)  "
 We are currently looking for a PR Intern to join the Grapple team. Anyone interested drop an email to jobs
 Why mobile is a silver bullet for customer care - Mobile Commerce Daily - Q&A 
 Looking forward to the App-rentice tonight - 
 Go Lucidity! "Lucidity Launches Linking Mobile Affilate Network" | 
 Our Premier Inn app has been shortlisted in the travel category for the New Media Age effectiveness awards! fingers crossed!
 Google announced that it will be merging the company’s two OS Honeycomb & Gingerbread into a new OS called.. Ice Cream Sandwich.
 RT  Some exciting news: I'll be on The Apprentice episode 2 tomorrow evening, BBC One, 9pm, talking mobile apps!
 RT  Why Microsoft's Skype purchase means a Face-off with Apple's Facetime.. 
  are looking for a new Delivery Planner/Tech PjM for the London Office! Check out the job spec.. 
 VIP preview of the next major release of windows phone on May 24th, interesting to see what the next major release of Windows Phone” means..
 HTC Facebook phones incoming 26 June 
 Nokia loses mobile dominance, phone calls are dead – Telegraph Blogs 
 Samsung Galaxy S II: 3 million pre-orders and counting 
 Palm Veer ‘4G’ - the seriously tiny smartphone to hit the market.. 
 RT  NEW: Premier Inn: Attracting Premium Customers With Cross-Platform Approach   
 The Telegraph explains how in future mobile phones could be charged by the power of speech. 
 Smartphone market rose 79.7 per cent in Q1 2011 says IDC 
 HTC Flyer: Pre-order now for £479.99 
 A big welcome to our new developer Alex starting today! Hope you enjoy your first day at Grapple HQ!
 RT  Is 'open' killing the Android? -  - really interesting piece by  - Android is huge, but Androi ...
 The Smart Phone Tipping Point 
 A queue, 1,000 customers long at the Beijing's flagship Apple store, waiting to purchase their iPad 2.. 
 Apple has toppled Google as the world's most valuable brand 
 Nokia's slide worsens as Android and Apple thrive in western Europe  via 
 Happy Friday! Don't forget 2 download your  app 2 buzz off contestants along with the live show on Saturday  8pm on ITV1!
 ABC began measuring smartphone app activity on 1 May – a sign of the booming importance of mobile publishing.
 Celeb Spot: Keira Knightley just spotted walking past grapple HQ!
 Unlimited drinks survey its April attendees on what they look 4 in a smartphone or tablet, the most exciting new tech.. 
  oh really that is interesting. I can understand an iPhone user to go 4 an iPad without thinking twice, but an Android enthusiast..
 The iPad currently accounts for 90% of the tablet market! Does anyone own a non-Apple tablet and rave about it?
  who is best to contact regarding speaker opportunities at mlove2011?
 RT  The smartphone you bend to operate - nice idea but, erm, what's the point? 
 Sony Ericsson Xperia Mini and Xperia Mini Pro revealed.. 
 Vodafone UK to launch HTC Sensation on May 19..  via 
 HOW TO: Build a Mobile App for Better Customer Support..  via 
 Android To Surpass Apple’s App Store In Size By August 2011: Distimo and Research2guidance reports  via 
 Pinocchio-style, nose stylus lets u navigate ur touchscreen phone hands-free. Cool? practical? or just completely weird? 
 Independent app store Getjar has updated its portal 2 let users share their download activity via Facebook.
  our CTO caught on camera at Unlimited Drinks by mobile guru Ewan MacLeod interviewed for Mobile Industry TV..  
 RT  BBC Apprentices will pitch mobile apps: mobile app challenge in week two.! Easy to guess Sir Alan's next move!  ...
 RT  Mobile App World 2011, 7-8 June, London Case studies include: • Tesco • Argos • La Redoute • Premier Inn • MasterCard
 RT  Caption Contest: Samsung hires David Beckham as a global brand ambassador 
 Gingerbread update coming for HTC Desire HD and HTC Incredible S  via 
 Mobile app stores to rake in $3.8bn this year | Mobile | silicon.com 
 RT  Apple predicted to trounce rivals with $2.9bn app revenues for 2011 
  Thanks! Let's see how long BGT can remain in pole position!
 Britain's Got Talent 2011 app flies into pole position in the BR branded app chart!   
 Research predicts 44bn cumulative app downloads by 2016, increasing competition 4 apps space leading 2 faster innovation 
 BlackBerry 7 OS: 10 things you need to know: Read more: … (cont) 
 HTC continues its march towards dominance as first quarter profits rise by 200 per cent 
 How mobile phones are turning into phantom limbs – Telegraph Blogs 
 iCloud.com: Apple buys cloud domain name for $4.5million? | Metro.co.uk 
 Bing Will Power BlackBerry Search & Maps 
 A gadget James Bond would be proud of: Motorola mobile is the 1st smartphone to operate using fingerprint recognition.. 
 RT  Apps in emerging markets: one size doesn't fit all 
 Dual Core handsets boast even more processing power allowing for even greater multitasking, watch this vid for..
 Best iPad 2 cases hands-on round-up, alternatives to the Apple smart cover.. 
 Samsung Galaxy S2 earns best mobile phone title 
 Android Market Now Hosts More Free Apps than iPhone 
 iOS 4.3.3 Launching Soon to Fix Location Tracking Issue 
 Why apps will reign in the era of content - 
 Ogilvy Urges Retailers to Embrace the Mobile Shopper | 
 BlackBerry Announces Latest OS, Thinnest Smartphones Yet 
 White iPhone 4 Finally Arrives  
 Vodafone lets customers use their mobiles to pay taxi fares 
 Army Hoping to Deploy Mobile App Store in August  via 
  It's also available on Blackberry.. if you have anymore questions give us a call!
  You can download the app from Apple (), Android (), Nokia ().
 Which Tablet Is Best for You? 
 LG Optimus 3D gets release date: Glasses-free 3D fun from 9 June 
 Nokia outsources Symbian to Accenture 
 500m people worldwide will use mobile tickets for public transport by 2015... 
 RT  Motorola Xoom Android tablet – review 
  We created the SpeedUp Conveyancing app from scratch!
 Android has sneaked ahead of Apple as the preferred operating system for U.S. mobile consumers.. 
 Typical smart phone today has processing power of a super-computer 15 years ago..
 10 Ways to Leverage Mobile Technology for Marketing  via 
 RT  I really like the BT Phonebook App for  from  
 The State Of The Mobile App World [Infographic] 
 Our CTO Ed Lea interviewed at Unlimited Drinks for Mobile Industry Review TV -  
 Sony unveils S1 and S2 Android tablets... 
 Apple gets developer momentum as Android fragments.. 
 RT  I'm not using an iPhone at the moment. Is there an email address I should use to let Apple know where I am?
 RIM Launches PlayBook SDKs | 
  & Microsoft sign final agreement to start building a unique global mobile ecosystem 
  Premier Inn gets £1m bookings from mobile app in three months 
 RT  Interview: TigerSpike on the three key trends in mobile publishing 
 Apple has changed its App Store rankings to factor in active usage of apps rather than pure download numbers.
 Primary pupils who use educational apps on smart-phones and tablets performing significantly better at school - 
 Our Royal Wedding app for the Mirror featured today in the New York Times!  Download it now for iPhone, iPad and Nokia
 Best Practices for Android Developers: monetizing mobile apps through in-app payments.. 
 Apple profits nearly double as iPhone sales soar - 
 Apple boots incentivised apps from iTunes (Wired UK) 
 Young people would rather go without television than their mobile phones - 
 Apple and Google reward apps that have the 'sticky factor'  via 
 Apple CEO Steve Jobs works on his life story "iSteve: The Book of Jobs" 
 How smartphones and tablets are taking over & the unstoppable rise of apps 
 Apple sold 14.8 million iPads in 2010! ( Forrester Research)
 RT  HTC Sensation versus the rest of the dual-core world: smartphone spec sheet smackdown  via http ...
 There's an app for that: Part 4... 
 Our Premier Inn app has now reached over 300,000 downloads across all platforms!
 Racing Green Endurance is displaying the battery powered SRZero super sports car, at the Science Museum in London.. 
 Android devices currently account 4 over 1 in every 5 phones, but the iPhone alone has roughly the same market share.. 
 Grapple Mobile has just released "The Post Office" app for iPhone and Android... 
 Industry body warns Android game developers about Amazon's Appstore terms: setting prices without permission.. 
 BlackBerry PlayBook enters the tablet race. Detailed review here.. 
 Microsoft pitches developers on 'what's next' for Windows Phone 7 
 There's an app for that: Part 3.. 
 Microsoft pitches developers on 'what's next' for Windows Phone 7  via 
 RT  The cheapest Android smartphone on pay-as-you-go? £30 from T-Mobile, with credit 
 There's an app for that : Part 2.. 
 Grapple boosts cross-platform engagement 4 Britain’s Got Talent with free app on iPhone, Nokia, Android & Blackberry - 
 iHealth Blood Pressure dock  - a sign of growth for the e-health marketplace.. 
 RT  Tablets and Metadata- Where is it going?:  Data is changing.  A process started originally by..  
 Grapple Helps Bring Britain's Got Talent to Mobile | 
 Demand for tablets hits PC shipments in the first quater of 2011.. 
 American college introduces ‘app-making’ degree to meet the increasing demand for app developers - 
 stunning aerial photographs of Britain taken by Jason Hawkes using a Nokia smartphone 
 RT  £1million in 3 months! Job well done -  and    - 
 RT  The new mobile battleground is in rural China, which accounts for more than 700 million Chinese and a penetrat… (co ...
 RT  LG Thrive: Meet AT&T’s First Prepaid Smartphone - 
 Cisco to close Flip camera unit as smartphones swallow its market 
 Dankse bank customers can now pay bills with nothing more than a photo and a tap... 
 RT  HTC Sensation 4G: T-Mobile's "Multimedia Superphone" [VIDEO] - 
 There's an app for that: part 1 of the panel session from the Guardian CMS chaired by our CEO Alistair Crane.. 
 Ovi Store downloads hit 5m a day 
 What is Android? 
  yes a few! Premier Inn, BT - the Phonebook, Seychelles islands, Marie Curie collection Tin app,  Pocket Gok, 98FM...
 RT  The Mobiomic Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via  
 Tablet sales poised for spectacular growth, 70 million sales predicted for the iPad in 2011 worldwide gu.com/p/2zc7z/tw
 Premier Inn app drives more than $1.6M in revenues - Mobile Commerce Daily - Applications 
 RT  Apple predicted to dominate tablet sales to 2015,  
 Premier Inn app drives more than $1.6M in revenues 
 Google turns the tablets on Apple.. 
 BBC News - Mobile phone users 'overpaying by £200' per year - 
 Google survey finds games trump all other uses for tablets ahead of music, video and ebooks...  via 
 Samsung Galaxy S II coming to the UK in May 
 Orange UK to offer the HTC Desire S 
 Google's Android 'to take half of smartphone market by end of 2012' 
  those stats came from a panel at the Guardian changing media summit but there is more info here: 
 Great to have the team over from the US this week to catch up on all the latest developments at Grapple NYC
 RT  Google survey finds games trump all other uses for tablets 
  Hi Vijay. Glad to hear it. Do get in touch anytime by emailing us on hello
 the eBay app for iPhone has sold 38 Ferraris since it launched last year! that's 3 to 4 a month! 
 iPad users have an avg 26 apps, 2:1 ratio free/paid & peak usage coincides with traditional TV peaktime, 7-9pm (Seven Publishing Research)
 RT  [Recombu] HP TouchPad screenshots leaked: What the new webOS will look like 
 Vodafone UK: The Evolution of Mobile 
 Confirmed: Samsung Galaxy S II will be released this month according to Samsung’s official Twitter account 
 Booming smartphone sales 'to hit 1bn'.. 
 What Will the Smartphone Market Look Like in 2015? 
 Judge overturns verdict so that Apple wins $625m Mirror Worlds patents appeal - 
 Android Will Rule Half of the Smartphone Market By 2012 (according to a study by Gartner) 
 Mobile App Development: 10 Tips for Small Business Owners 
 LinkedIn Now Available in Android Marketplace bringing the business social network to..  via 
  70902
 RT  Premier Inn's mobile app revenues top £1m - Premier Inn has generated over £1m in revenues since launching its suite... ...
 O2 is going it alone: O2 applying for e-money license from FSA to create mobile wallet: 
 RT  Samsung, Visa Team to Bring Mobile Payments to 2012 Olympic Games in London  
 HTC Sensation: New super phone named for the UK - Recombu 
 Apple, Google & the War To Replace Your Wallet  via 
 RT     download revenue reached £280m in 2010 
 HOW TO: Master Smartphone Photography [PICS] 
 McDonald's fast food gets faster with contactless card payments in all 1,200 UK Stores 
