  congrats on cupcake wars courtney! that's so exciting.
 RT   
 RT  MoMA Food Film Series Opens in August: The Museum of Modern Art in New York City will honor Dieter Kosslick, the... http:/ ...
 I just drank a 16 oz red bull.... give me wingssss!
  love your pic you bahama mama! you will be missed dearly this weekend!
   wine tasting on Groupon Dayton today!
 dear dayton. satiate your chocolate and coffee cravings  w/ today's Groupon! 
  wish I could be sipping coffee (or wine....) eating chocolates with you guys  thanks for the help.
  oh I miss cleveland! dayton is fabulous. do you have any suggestions for places that Groupon could be great for?
 if sophocles and beckett wrote for Groupon! 
  nice chatting with you today Amber! Let me know if you need anything :)
 just used my groupon for  Pretty pumped for a case of wine delivered to my doorstep!
  how are you friend? still in flag these days? I miss that pretty lil' mountain town!!
  I wish! they were amazing... love shows at the rock hall!!
 happy July 5th.... happy tuesday... happy short work week... happy july... so many things to celebrate!
  congrats on opening day. hope it's fabulous!!
  happy 4th! Hope you're having fun in hotlanta darlin
  for a late night snack with twinsie and the roomie.
  thanks for the follw. where are zumba classes offered in dayton?
  thanks for leading me to ben! you are so helpful. what exciting things are going on in dayton for the 4th?
 RT  ty! RT         
 RT         
 so much fun eating pie  ... where is your fave pie or diner in Dayton?
   I had the creamy buttermilk pie & an iced coffee. my hott date had the fat elvis. Pie dates are my fave!
 can't wait for  w. tiny tonight. what kind of pie should I get? one chocolate... one fruity.. perhaps a pie flight?
 Young's Jersey Dairy - Homemade Ice Cream - Young's Jersey Dairy:  via 
  that's music to my ears!
 RT  Hive fives are like tiny celebrations of having hands.
  I'm the new Account Rep for Groupon Dayton.  has nothing but fab things to say about you. I'm glad we ALL <3 tweeting :)
 always wanted to be a yogi?? now is your chance Dayton! $20 for Four Yoga Classes at Lotus Flower Studio - $44 Value
 RT  Miss Lisa Scott, the fabulous Beaute Box nail queen in my building is offering a ROCKIN' Groupon offer today!!!... http:// ...
 RT  China's latest craze: dyeing pets to look like other wild animals – Global Public Square - CNN.com Blogs  ...
  ha nvm!!!! just saw your reply to 
 RT  600 W Chicago, see you at 12pm. We'll tweet once we get there with exact location. Remember we also carry warm Chocol ...
  amazing. do y'all take credit cards??
 Stream  new single  from his upcoming album  for 24 hours only! 
  community coffee on sale on groupon today!!! (in okc market, but you can get it tooo!)
  multi-task and pour coffee in your cereal!
 $25 for $100 parking or Storage Services- NOLA tweeps 
 voluptuous vixens, $50 for $100 Groupon NOLA 
 who likes camping? today's Groupon Nola is for you. 
 lovin' hot yoga 
  try cora's coffee shop or huckleberry!
 ran out of pop chips. Clementines are better dipped in nutella too!
 just discovered pop chips are AMAZING when dipped in nutella.... 
  if you're in chicago this one's just fabulous.
  get spiffy  Al's formal wear.
 compass furniture for kiddos! 
  $20 for $40  Grill today in NOLA.
  spring cleaning, re-do your bedroom!
  new found love for oysters after last night  and you were so right about the desserts too.
  it means you look friendly!!
 Apparently hipsterville is a suburb of tallahassee.
 dear nola. did y'all have a crazy weekend? I'm not gettin anywhere on phones today.
 k y'all... i've put this out there before, where can I take canning classes in new orleans?
  any ideas for groupon features?
  dine  w/ todays groupon!
  consider today as the kickoff for mani-pedi season w/ today's nola groupon.
  ooey gooey cake w/ today's groupon nola.
  for a euro fil date avec moi. I don't want the eu film fest to end! Make it a double feature.
 Watching eat pray love and falling in love with julia roberts for the 481st time.
 service day w/  was a success!! thx for all the food chicago. spent the rest of the afternoon thrifting & sippin' boba.
 RT  It's  service day at the Lakeview Pantry!   
  how have you been?? Happy friday friend
 feeling neil young today
 thanks  for providing truffle infused mac for groupon groupies today
  SWAMP TOURS!!!
 Happy tuesday y'all. 
 haven't you always wondered what "hypnotherapy" is about?? 
 can't wait to dine for the first time  what's your fave  hot spot?
 loves rainy sundays, catching up on world news & catching up w/ my activist friends... headed 2  for veg brunch.
 RT  Possible to eat organic on $33/wk? Watch and see if I pulled it off!  via 
 RT  $12 for $25 Worth of Children's Clothing and Accessories at Swap for Kids  
 RT  $10 for $20 Worth of Caribbean Fare at Taste of the Caribbean Restaurant  
  if you're in louisiana, brighten your smile with today's groupon
  haven't been there, but I love star lounge  chicago and western
  for a double feature. March is the Euro union film fest! Excited for "the border" to start.
  tea time is almost over! 20 for 40 for eng tea room in covington.
  I have 2 jars of nutella in my desk at work... but this sounds too good to pass up!
  you're so welcome! love mynabirds too.. they are on tour with bright eyes!
  des familles! wahooooo
  can't think of a better way to celebrate st pattys day! y'all should do something like this 
 frozen grapes are like fresh little baby popsicles. fighting the afternoon caffeine craving.....
  laura marling "ghosts" or "cross your fingers"... and neko case is always my fave. or... grace potter and the nocturnals!
  want your baby to be a genius?
  tea time in covington with today's groupon  tea room.
  try wheat berries or farro for a heartier grain. add garlic and seasonal veggies and VOILA!
  restaurant des familles on groupon nola today. watch gators on the bayou while you eat some cajun cookin'!
  sip some sazeracs and tour the beautiful city of NOLA w/ today's Groupon. is it happy hour yet?
  get yo' hair did!!! for all you metairie/kenner kiddos. facial waxing, cheap men's haircuts... arthur will hook you up!
 Ps go see dr crippens by strange tree theatre co. For a creepy tim burton-esque dark comedy!
  for fab latin fusin fare... Love the passion mate iced tea! & a show  Love supporting local arts!
 and if you're in chicago, get this one while you still can! sweet treats in wicker park. 
  can't wait to go to the bahamas with my girlies w/ this groupon!
  support international relief in japan and other affected areas w/ today's Groupon! happy saturday ya'll
 spotted two chicks rocking the mia farrow look on the '66 this morning...tempted to trim my tresses!
  what a tease- here she is. creole cuisine  whoa baby.
 2 much kingcake but at least I got the baby!! if u can't believe mardi gras is over already, atchafalaya will put a smile on ur face
  what's on the menu? king cake and champagne??
 happy fat tuesday! I'm ready for some king cake (and extra cardio?)
 guitar monday. you know what that means... if u spot beat up turq takamine  & fancypants case (a huge shopping bag) on michigan ave, holler
 so excited for  the movie! hurry up and read it if you haven't yet.
  I'll drink to that... yay Ira!!! I wish we still had you in chicago
 RT  Bittercube was featured in this M Magazine feature about "Twelve of Milwaukee's Most Intriguing Men."  Check it out! htt ...
 stickers for community engagement in NOLA! 
 RT  This new camera makes you look thin and whitens your teeth 
 RT  PB&J will be riding in Morpheus. Float  neutral ground side, upper deck, 1st position. Parade rolls a 7pm on the Upto ...
 boudoir photos w/ today's groupon... oooo lala!! 
 RT  China sets goal to cut carbon intensity 16% by 2015 
 can't wait 4 this to open. I've been waiting 4 fab doughnuts in chi my whole life. k, maybe I'm being a drama queen 
 after 3 lessons Im finally buying a case 4 my turq takimine! (guitar) open mic night here I come... Im thinking laura marling or Joni
  well I've never had bluecoat! i'll put it on my to-do list
  thanks again!
  thanks a BILLION. I appreciate it.
  what kind of ginnnnnn? hendricks is so smooth... w/o tonic!
  anything else remotely close to water park in the new orleans area?? fun water activities??
 what water parks are there in the NOLA area... including northshore, west bank... ???
 perfect breakfast  cran-apple-crumble, chocolate cream, and a cup o' joe! next time I'll take a pic for ya.
  k... now you've got me thinking... what about a savory breakfast bread pudding? I'd be all over it.
  my vote is a vegetarian eggs benedict w/ homemade english muffins or french toast out of that heavenly bread y'all make....!
 northshore groupies I haven't forgotten about u!! here ya go-   what else do u want?
 get jiggy with it..... 
 whoa baby. ANDREA's in Metairie is smokin'. whew!!! get it while you can! 
  love the tx collection. love Guy Meets Gal-veston
  nothing like a homemade english muffin..... have you gone to the drawing boards for a brunch menu?
   i loveeee exfoliating sugar scrub treatments.
 oh man I'm lovin' restaurant week in chicago... is there a restaurant week in new orleans?
  swedish massage w/ today's groupon kids.
  love this idea! quiche, eggs benedict with homemade english muffins... french toast.... mimosas? ;)
  pretty pretty princess w/ this one!
   artsy-fartsy fancy-schmancy-pants!
 lookin' spiffy w/ today's groupon.  menswear- $50 for $125 suits
    where can I get one of those??
 perhaps some.... finger lickin' chicken?? 
 help me think of rhymes for furniture... this is all I got!! if your house is bare, buy a chair! (lame.. I know...) 
  time to redecorate the living room? today's groupon can help you out!
  bruce is a great guy! thanks for supporting.
 I willlll!!! perhaps my next brunch date will be  i get my grooooooove on 
    ..forgive me for shouting... where are my oklahoma gal manners?
    .....HOW DID I MISS THIS?
 
 
  whoa baby. there's nothing like Free Energy... out at the Rock Hall in the summer!
  also... I'm in a bit of a drive-by truckers mood these days.... such a fab show!!! have u heard golden smog? a friend showed me
  glad you loved it! haha I got a kick out of it too. how's cleve holdin' up w/o me???
 dear ladies & gents looking 4 vday presents. nothings says romance like bbq and a massage... 
 monday is time 2 be healthy again... so I made this salad with beets and farro! anyone else have fab recipes 4 farro? 
 RT  Lose weight & help the food bank by pledging in the Pound for Pound Challenge, 
 need some ideas for valentine's day gifts? nothing says "I luv u" like bbq and a massage. 
 seriously though... let me pamper you ;) 
   b-b-b-b-ad to the BONE.
  loved that Guatemalan brew and chocolate butter :) can't wait to go back
  .....need another judge? ;)
  LOVE free energy!!! If you get to talk to them, ask them if they still need a Rainstick player? k thanks.
 happy friday! might have to rest up after getting my swing on  last night... and in anticipation of superbowl sunday!!!
   bookworms!
  nola tweeps! by some pepperonis for yer HOMIES! or stick with cheeeeese if you PLEASE.
  livin' it up in a winter wonderland! I still miss my asu determined, driven friend like you! please let me know if u come 2 chicago!
  never buy frozeeeeeennnnnn pizza AGAIN!
  I <3 the blown glass wine bottle stoppers.... perfect gift idea! (only when paired w/ a bottle or 2 of vino....!)
 whoever heard of a red velvet donut? 2 of my fave things. want to really steal my <3? skip the flowers, send 12 donuts,
  loves it. happy senior year pretty girl! what is in store for ms athena post graduation???
  jk HERE is your calendar. if you still have your old 2010 one up..
 if u havent bought ur 2011 calendar yet..... consider today's groupon  
  Im a fan of the blown glass wine bottle stoppers.... perfect gift idea! (only when paired w/ a bottle or 2 of vino....!)
  wish I was there to helP! I'm pretty skilled with a paintbrush.....
 embrace your inner child today....  laser tag, bumper cars, and cosmic mini golf. whoa baby.
 oops.. try this one.  -girls like funny guys. but some ppl just arent funny.... so let today's groupon help you out!
 LOL.  girls like funny guys. but some ppl just arent funny.... so let today's groupon help you out!
 what's your perf idea for a vday date? Mine would be a 6pack of a good ipa and jam sesh.. write some songs 2gether. & dark chocolate
  thx for sharing! "Homemade King Cake Recipe! Check it out here   
  Laser tag groupon today in NOLA. C'mon... everyone likes a good chase!
    tag. You're it!
  girls like funny guys. but some ppl just arent funny.... so let today's groupon help you out!
  no need to stoop to frozen pizzas EVER againnn.... ! prepare for your next pizza party w/ today's nola groupon.
  if I bought these, I'd have 2 keep them in my car to prevent eating the WHOLE BOX in one sitting.... 
  get a head start on vday gifts & buy chocolates for your sweetheart. (or if ur single like me... send them 2 urself)
 I nominate  for a Shorty Award in  because... they are fabulous and friendly! 
  can hardly wait for the opening!!! ramos gin fizz please?
 can we talk about how PUMPED I am for restaurant week?
 happy friday! training and bagels... so happppy!
  I'll keep you posted. So far I can't find anything! Canning classes anyone:?
  what is the name of your blog? I'm a sucker for fashion blogs.... love  and 
  did you get a Groupon?? :)
  glad I could help... did you find what you're looking for? raising the next karate kid??
  ....25 dates in 90 mins. I'm thinking it's a win. I've ALWAYS wanted to try speed dating!
   have you tried close combat and fitness?? I've spoken with the owner. he's really nice!
 what places offer canning classes??..... any thoughts?
 what places offer canning classes??
 RT  Thought this was cool "Why Barbeque is important"  (cc 
  sounds FABULOUS. So happy for you two. Tell Bridget I said HI!
  so glad you love it! The owner is fabulous.
     Groupon if someone named their baby  theyd get sweet deals 
  indeed he did! Brilliant man.
  .... was it O'Henry's??
  I'm a sucker for public transit. 
  ..... I don't even know what that means! But I like it
     Rosemary is a pretty great name too.. 
  I love zooey deschanel... so I'm going to say Zoe!
  if you're like me... and you've always dreamed of being a yogi.... get started today!
  so close!!
 RT  Groupon Deal from Fly Yoga  via 
  omg and whoopie pies. Any place in NOLA that sells those??? I'm not much of a baker...
 RT  . Magazine is talking about energy in their latest issue. Learn how to save energy in your rental:  ...
  multi-task and maximize efficiency! hope flag is fab as ALWAYS.
  like your styleeee!
 RT  New Orleans. So far behind, we're ahead. One of our favorites! It's been featured in movies and worn around the world. h ...
 RT  THIS   RT  What’s better than a cat photo? A cat photo of a cat photo. What’s ...
  cake balls and macarons make everything better in my book!
 w/ 2day's Groupon, pretend you are in Venice!  
 ok NOLA tweeps.... 1 more person interested in a YOGA PARTY?? Open to alllll ages! 
 a lil' something for everyone...  (yoga) and  (greasy food)!
  I'm not letting myself buy any this year!! samoas are forever in my heart
 today's Groupon is like the angel and devil on each shoulder....  (yoga) and  (greasy food)
   i LUV it... my dad was Liberace for Halloween one year... my mom was the piano... hahaha
  -always dream of being a yogi?? get started!!!
  basically Abita can do NO WRONG in my eyes.... but strawberry is lovely taste of summer!
 today's Groupon is like the angel/devil on each shoulder....  (yoga) and  (greasy food)!
  a baby island was born!!! boy or girl?
   I feel like this every time! better yet, USPS is open from 8-5 mon-fri or until you're hungover on sat (1pm)
 today's Groupon is like the angel/devil on each shoulder....  (yoga) and  (greasy food)!!
 
   -always dream of being a yogi?? get started!!!
 has anyone been to the mandeville marketplace?
  whoa baby. thanks a BILLLLLLION!
   I love the popcorn, potato chips, & shrimp & grits! such an American.. the gin cocktails entice me the most!!!
 basically I love being the only Rosemary  groupon. that means you can email me rosemary do you love it??
  hah I just saw this. yeah girllllll.
  thanks for ruining the fun for the rest of us!! that's like slipping on ice and suing God. c'mon people!
 what's for lunch???? 
  -this 1 is 4 the ppl that always wanted 2 try yoga, but dont want to look silly! schedule a private class w/ ur besties
  where should I order a king cake for NOLA in chicago?
 RT  Whoah, whoah, whoah. Did I just witness people buying Target-branded King Cake?! If you're going to act local, buy local ...
  yikes! the link isnt working for me
  I'm wondering... put a Ramos Gin Fizz on the menu 4 New orleans lovers? Thx for a fab saturday LOVED DJDennis
 get excited if you looooove bbq... (ok everyone) more to come! but for now...  namaste!
  soul and funk on friday?? yes please.... wonder if they can whip up a ramos gin fizz?!
   LOVE cafe atlantico and Oyamel in DC. Sad  isn't listed???
  sounds amazing. you're making me hungry!
 yoga with 2 beautiful sisters in Mandeville! 
  i LOVE throwing peanuts on the floor....
 still mourning missing out on the cupcakes groupon yesterday... sweet mandy b's I'll be visiting soon anyway!
   who loves improv???
 RT  I think Ray Lamontagne could sing my grocery list and it would be incredibly moving.
  never too early! thanks for sharing :)
 RT  Too early for a cocktail? {New Post} Recipe: A Classic Manhattan    
 this one is for you guys that haven't cleaned up from new years and christmas... or the party animals! 
 dear  bakeries... or tweeps that luv king cake. where should we order a king cake from? 
   ... what a deal. I could use an occasional wife!!
 doggie day care anyone? 
 if ur NY resolution is getting your life together... (like me!) maybe today's deal is for you... 
   i LOVE the king cake.. we want to get on for the NOLA reps at groupon.. where should we order it from?
  sounds fabulous! save some for me, will ya?
 Sunday brunch is my fave thing of the week.  for a french 75 and smoked cheddar grits
  if you loveeee bugs and slimey things buy today's NOLA groupon!
 Homeboy on the bus is making a s african curry dish 4 lunch, reusable totes in hand! Luv talkin to strangers in the bus. 
 Trying to convince myself to get up and workout... Ass, arms, and abs 
  happy birthday pretty lady!! When are you coming to chicago next?
 Best way to follow a christmas dinner.. More gin.. And just dance with besties.
 Can't resist hungarian sausage.. And I'm not even preggers! What's my deal?? Ha can't resist yer roots sometimes.
 Me neither!!" Didn't get the Shake Weight I asked Santa for :("
 My mom mastered the homemade peanut brittle..perfectly sweet and crunchy. Merry christmas eve y'all.
 African dancing on the wii w/ goldschlager and the girls. Merry holidays :)
 RT  Damn You Auto Correct! » Number Two 
 RT  Damn You Auto Correct! » Scaring Mom 
 " If you understand life, you need a reality check" loves it. Sooooo true!
  keep me posted with your finds!
 Dear united airlines express jet. Plz serve wine. Thanks you're a doll.
 Now I feel bad for complaining... Homeboy in front of me has been delayed since 5am. puts things into perspective!
  ohare is crazypants. Delayed flights, saxophones, and babies...
  never underestimate the power of a smile or random compliment to a stranger!
 
 nola tweeps... what's your fave food, fun, silly blog?
 Join me and nominate Groupon for Best Internet Application for the 2010 Crunchies awards!  ...what's crunchie about it???
 so excited to go to oklahoma to see fam and friends for CHRISTMAS!!!! nothing like an ok sunset.
 dear  tweeps... I NEED HELP. What are your fave blogs about your fab city?? thanks a billion.
 On my way to david bartons for a$$, abs, and arms... After white russians last night, I need all the help I can get!!
  duhsies. Let's get some cocktails. Ill be around pretty lady!
 Can't wait! Burma love" Aung San Suu Kyi's tragic love and incredible life come to the big screen "
 sad day for the 
 Brunch with college bestie 
 No idea where to get brunch today... Any suggestions? 
 happy friday kiddos.
  what's next for him?
  I hate you.. I joined  gym yesterday. Wish me luckkk
  I saw it last night in  Super creepy.
 Mulled wine  Pretending to be n germany, but equally happy in blustery  
 Say what's in this drink?? Baby it's cold outside!
 ..Anyone tempted to "just have lunch"??
 I'll take pink's advice, "don't get fancy, just get dancy!"
 RT  You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. Bernie Sanders is the MAN
 RT  Sen. Bernie Sanders is now in his 9th hour of non-stop   Sanders has not left the floor once in that time.
  sounds like a lovely way to spend a friday evening in december
  2010 yrs ago! Bc=before christmas ale. Duhsies.
 Dear clevelanders. How do you spend tues evenings?  the refugee response needs your help! Tutor the cutest burmese kiddos
 Am I going to make it to the gym today...
  ohhh I miss that place!
  mandy by  and a tree grows in brooklyn by  Re-reading childhood faves is MAGICAL.
 Countdown to next adventure... T-36 hrs to chicago land.
 Travel light.  according to rosebud.
  was it a kappa?? Hahaaaa
  oh honeybunch- I just landed myself a job in chicago baby. Wahoooo! When are you hittin up the windy city next??
 Trimming the fat.. Packing is so cleansing!
 ... Wonder how fast I can pack up my crib??
  bought the boots.. And a sweater dress to match! I needed a new ensemble for my first day at 
  please show 
 RT  House sends  to Senate  
  doesn't mean you don't channel them on occasion.. just sayin'.
 RT  "No one could make a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little." Edmund Burke
 Sex and the city 2, a space heater, and christmas ales... Happy december y'all.
  so I got a new job.. That seems like a good reason to buy the boots. Haha I already picked another pair as a new incentive!
 ..My version of this movie would be WAY saucier. Probs not rated pg ;)
 "Life is the messy bits".. Who knew that wisdom could come from letters to juliet!?
 Making a deal with myself, if I lose 8 lbs, buy a pair of wedge boots..  plz.
  sounds like the master cleanse or something?!
 What's the best christmas present for a dad?? I don't want some "office"-y..
  meeee!
 We won no on prop 23 in ca! 
  what a beautiful relationship!
 Will I make it back to cleveland today??
 RT  Wind could meet 12% of global power demand by 2020, and up to 22% by 2030   
  my fave is 
 RT  Wind overtook coal as the third-largest producer of power in Spain in 2009  
  hahaha I miss you girl.
 Lovin' me some   the vic in chicago. Happy turkey day eve!
 HiTtin' the gym.. It's crunch time. Get in as many workouts as possible before t-givs!
 I often wonder... Does anyone really know what time it is??
 Reading some t. Robbins "still like with woodpecker" and sipping chai.
 "I want to colonize a neighborhood with you too."
 Traditional new orleans cocktail- ramos gin fizz. try it. 
 Watching lauren make grenadine. Next I'm have my first ramos gin fizz... Can't think of a better way to spend a sunday.
 Baby brie on a vegan hot dog.  is kind of amazing. So are sunday nights w/ penelopejones 
 Left hand milk stout  is perfection. 
 Perhaps baileys, coffee, and cleaning next? Hmmm. I should work out, but I really want to catch up on gossip girl 
 Perf sunday. Brunch. Scavenged some christmas treasures- dean, frank, and nat xmas records. Cooked some lentil soup. Tutoring.
 RT  you are changing cleveland: 
 .. If it sounds like a got cray cray.. I watched a documentary and sipped red wine and perused some books!
 Decided on  for brunch.. Breakfast pizza was just what I needed after last night!
 This week I'm wondering what came first, glee or the newest girltalk album
 Where to grab sunday brunch in  Decisions, decisions..
 RT  Five myths about hunger in America by Robert Egger, founder of D.C. Central Kitchen. 
 Ignorance is the breeding ground for intolerance and violence- check out the 
 I'm a true believer that everything comes to a full circle.
 Basically, I love learning about the new non-profits in    cleveland, what's your fave?
 "When there is no  people are exploited for political purposes" -one small act. Share kindness, save a life$
  in  for red wine, joshy time, and a fab documentary about those random acts of kindness hosted by 
  loves it hahaha.
 Tea time, no longer want to call my nightly rituals a  for obvy reasons.. And 
 I have a cartoon crush on shaggy from scooby-doo.. He's tall, skinny, and sports v necks from
 That martini took my love of beets to a WHOLE new level. Whooooaaaa baby.
 Beet infused vodka martini  in   
  probs at the bar.
 " Check out my Dry Shampoo! It's finally available for the public and for my friends to try" zomg FINALLY is RIGHT!!
 RT  The Tremont Farmers is baaaack! No need to bundle up....we'll be INDOORS at Pilgrim UCC 2592 W 14th. in Tremont,...  ...
  um yeah. Def. After I set up my web cam bc I don't have fancy schmance comp.
  :( that must change!!
 Pumped about getting a pedi today.
  loves it. Miss you girl!
 RT  Join us at Carriage Hill MetroPark for a program on canning and preserving using the boiling water method.  ...
 RT  TONIGHT! See  doc  & get a 15% off coupon to use in our store! HOORAY!  ...
 " Happy to see that although McDonald's has 63K followers,  has 78K."Loves this too.. Start following!
 Love this!"What do Greenpeace activists & a 70 yearold grandma have in common? "
 RT  What do Greenpeace activists & a 70 yearold grandma have in common? They oppose the transport of nuclear waste to German ...
 Re-reading a tree grows in brooklyn eating oatmeal with lavender, cocoa nibs, maple syrup, and raw pepitas!
 Yea celebrate no on 23! 
 Omg I love  The show.. not ready for real parenthood!
 Selling knives!! 
  I'm drinking pumpkin ale. Let's make a toast!!
  are you walkin' in memphis? Do you really feel the way you feel?
  what's on your grooveshark today? I'm going with fleetwood mac and paul simon!
  do u see a lot of ppl wearing camo 
 I don't get the whole  thing?
  where u off to now??
  tmrw for some burlesque dancin' and gin.  is the best
 Dear santa monica. I love you to pieces.
  totes.
  welcome back.
  here for the month working on  Bring a van of  students and I'll show them how to run a campaign!
  I'm in la. Let's meet halfway for dirty martinis.
  I'm alone in a hotel too. It sucks.
 Ok by day..  by night to work on   
 Sweet home  Ohhh skies are so blue!
 RT  Donation-based outdoor yoga class Saturday 10/9 at Rocky River Park. Fun. Beautiful. Fun.  via  ...
 " Great article on efforts in Dallas public schools >> Chefs in School, Making Veggies Cool" wahooo dallas!!
  good luck yo. I'll be in 
 " Learn a thing or two at Autodesk's free online Sustainability Workshop  via  this looks fab!
 RT  John Lennon fans are signing a bday card here at the Museum & we'll send to his family after the wkend!  ...
 My mandolin is distracting me from packing. Who needs a mandolin player for their band?? Maybe some 
 Fig (my mandolin) and I are gettin' ready to go back to oklahoma for the weekend!
  how's  Did u get hit by the tornadoes?
  thx for the invite, I'm in santa monica til nov 4! Break a leg 
 Fresh english muffins..  Can't wait to try them. 
  in  So pumped for my ahi tuna burger.
 I think it's funny that I had a  burger  in  &  for din. Haaaa
 Oh honey... You turn me on, I'm a radio.. Jammin' to  like it's my job! Need to learn some joni on my mandolin.
  Totes adorbs. How the heck is gotv going?
 ... I could get used to this whole  thing. I don't even care that it's raining!
  pretty much amazeballs. Wish you were here to help phonebank!!
  bahahahahaha. Loves it.
