  u and my sisterz convo
   u 2 nyggas nasty!!!!
 RT  Old ppl trip me OUT lol .....
  I hear u baby ;)
  Oohh, u knw i listen to my Duke-a-licious
 RT  On some serious shit, why beat around the bush? If you are feelin me just put it out there from the get go. Save bo ...
 I think we are about to get robbed, these ppl are circling our bank on foot... They keep tryna open the door after I told them we open at 9
 RT  If you have to say you real a 1000 times you prob fake
 FINALLY off wrk!
  u got the digits
  dats cool, just hit me up
  chillen at the house mostlikely....
 I hate a female dat can't dress, ugh!!!
  I been good.... Wrkin and paying billz! How r u ma'am
 I knw and feel pretty, but I can't get a good pic so... Guess yall can't see. Sry
 RT  Good Morning beautiful ladies..... ugly hoes y'all stay sleep y'all need more beauty sleep!!!
 Question: u knw how ur stomach growlz, does it do it wen ur pregnant and if so does it scare the baby?!
 How can a man smile like he didn't just throw ur heart on the ground and jumped on it?!
  nobody knwz wut ur talkin about LOL so b quiet
 Dis dat BULLSHYT! 
 I like the  show he get issues solved and he actually tries to give them good advice!
 Question Ladies: wut makes u believe after ur dude cheated/ lied to u once, he won't do it again?! Y do u kee… (cont) 
 Dez nyggaz do not be wanting to claim dey babies on 
 Tmro I'm dress up for wrk. Hair, makeup the whole nine... It rarely happens tho LOL
 Goin to bed!!!
 RT  This year JULY has 5 Fridays, 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays. This only happens once every 823 years 
 Jailynn and grandfather: jailynn: grandpa will u buy me a gun. Grandfather: I dnt buy guns, I buy bibles...
 My mom and granny keep beggin me to stay at their houses lol. I'm like I pay rent at mine for a reason...
 Can't believe  is gone. R.I.P... Say no to drugz
 *thinkin* I'm bout to take a nap
 Chillen  mi madre house....
  on 45? Wuts goin on there
  boyshorts of course
  I'm chillen rite now, and I dnt have plans for tonite
 Ima kiss her (on the cheek) wen I c her!!!!
 Id rather spend my free time w/ my lil sister! I luv her, sometimez:/
 Gnite luvs
 If I stop having dance rehearsal n the Dayum shower I wudnt b so ashy wen I get out... Smh
  shake ya ass LOL
  I'm at a the bank
  I'm very blessed!
 Dnt blame outsiders for breaking up a home. Blame the person that ventured out! 
 Been coloring at wrk all day, its keeping me focused
 I regret nothin at all!!! I had to get my head rite... But I'm back...
 I had a dream about wut happen last night... Smh...
 RT  Yes I'm smiling, but you're not the reason anymore.
 Hehe
 He say wen the pussy good his legs get weak ... Well um have a seat sir cuz mine ain't nuttin to play with
 Locked n a box! But no help is comin
 Dayum
 RT  Good Morning hope all y'all beautiful ladies got y'all beauty sleep...... Ugly hoes you look like shit asusual
 I vow never to callin after today for the rest of the year....
 RT  Ima hit yall later.. fina tear some ass up
  it is!!!!!
  Lies!!!! Just say u do!!! They won't judge u!!
 RT  RT   eats azz... Ew!!! //ok she sayin ew but she aint stop me
  eats azz... Ew!!!
 Pretending something didn't happen.... I'm good at that!!!!
 RT  Something is wrong with me ?? Was I born this mean or made this way !! :x<< pretty sure u where made...smh
 Refusing to go back, but breaking hearts as I'm moving forward. I'm sry I'm tryna watch where I step!
 RT  Guess I'll watch Nicki M. E! Special<<< already seen it! Lol
 I wish I didn't make so many mistakes... I dnt wanna learn these lessons... Ugh!
 There is physically somethin wrong w/me :'(
 Uuuggghhhh!!!! *SCREAMING*.
 I feel funny bein the youngest n this group of ten
 It's like now that I'm the third person the effin line dnt wanna move! Wuts really goin on!!!
 So I'm tired of standin here!!!!
 Y is this Comcast line so ridiculous?!
 I put to much water n my oatmeal, guess I got a warm drink LOL
 Do vegetarians give head?!
 And Gnite to the bullshyt
 Gnite my luvs
 I think this dude is half black...
 So the white boi just got on my azz, he so aggressive!!!!
 RT  Alcohol at clubs need to come in a capri sun pouch, and u get cut off when u can't get the straw in anymore.
 RT  My problem is, I have too many things going on in my head and too much spare time to think about them.<<my main problem!!!
  smh
  wen u pull them out more grow, duh!!!
 RT  I may not have everything I want, but I realize that I have enough.
 RT  Ok so I have 3 gray hairs now ! Smh<<< *mumbles* I'm pretty sure its more than that...
  smh
  instead of putting all of wut I feel on here or fb, Im writtin a letter to that person and putt… (cont) 
 Id rather put it n an envelope than on fb or twitter
 Writing u a letter you'll never receive....
 I luv my bed I'm sry
 I knw I'm n trouble this mornin... Late again hehe my bad....
 RT  U.G.L.Y. = Understand God Loves You... But only him!
  I miss yall!
  LOL Naw I didn't get written up my boss dnt knw...get ur money hunny...
  I'm goodie, how r u doin?!
 RT  You Learn Something New Everyday!<<< True Story
 But I also feel if a white man did meet a beautiful black girl, such as myself, he wud b to afraid to approac… (cont) 
 I think if white men approached black women more, it would happen...
 Black and Hispanic dnt count LOL
 It's a shame there aren't more interracial couples... And by that I mean white and black
  well that's just not cool huh!?
 I'm so effin late.... Gmornin tho
  <<< this brotha is sexi as shyt frm the back... I c u baby
  girl just got me one...
  y LOL its fun and nasty up there LOL
  happy bday extwithusband
  I thought u would like that
 Sometimes ii wanna hit up one of my old friends, and just say let's try and be friends again and squash the be… (cont) 
  lol y we gotta do all that... Let's just blow, eat, and sleep!
  use it then LOL
 Black sox
  I alwayz answer my phone, if I recognize the number LOL
  u where not ready for a real woman such as myself....
  cuz my sister dnt like u, she said delete that nygga number. And I did
  Hahaha LOL u silly
  cuz my sister said he smelled funny to her....
  LOL okay! That made me think I need to erase some stuff LOL
  u can come over anytime just call b4 u come
  if my  cud talk it wud have pictures to prove wut its talkin bout LOL
 I keep a diary on my phone.. 
  u rite I'm tryna get these bills n order LOL
 Sometimes I miss him, but shoot sometimes I miss old shows I ain't seen. Don't mean ima got back and find them... :) *all smilez*
 RT  We all have that one friend who's thinner then a sheet of paper but eats like pig.<<< that's me!!!! LOL
 Wen I was on my twitter fast. I had so much to tell... Now I knw how to keep my business to myself, I tell wut I wanna tell. I <3 secrets!
 I love being able to talk to a man... And he doesn't bring up sex... I will wen I wanna talk about it....
 Gettin mad spoiled! I luv this
 I'm not wasting ur time I promise. Just tryna make sure I'm rite for u
 I truely do believe n god sent men...
 Hey howz everything goin?!
  perfect
  nuttin enjoying life
 guess ill get back on twitter, wuts up people...
 RT   you font Eve. Tweet anymore<< its not okay to take a break?!
 RT  Need a new twitwife lol<<oh yeah, bet!
 RT  s/o to my sexiest followerrr>>>>>
 Wait a minute!? I'm a bad muthafck wut the fck I look like waitin in him to confirm.... Fck him!!!!
 Dey den feel and bump Dey little heads!!!!+
 Ma. If u never lied to me I fckin love u... Real talk!!!! Fck them lien as nyggas they can rat an Iraqi dick...
 Did a major swerve n2 the tube but I'm goodie LOL .. fck dat nygga!!!! LOL
 Athis nygga can't save me!!!! LOL I did abmajor swerve n to the tube but I'm goodie LOL!!!  Fckbdat nygga!!! Need him no longer
  ywpprr
  drank it
 Aye im 2 margaritas away from bein an acoholic
 RT  Beyonce has the best lace-front
 I hate liars with a blue ass muthafckin Passion!!!!
 I'm typing in the wrong place bout to have to have somebody buizness all on twitter cuz I'm beyond pissed!!! Ima have to fck wit yall laterz
 I didn't ask to azz for not one fckin lie I never lied to u... I say this out the kindness of my heart FCK YOU!!!
 I hate the fact that ppl lie... 2me! Im nicest, kindest, most caring person u cud ask for... Till u cross me...
 I may erase all the numbers n my phone and start meetin new ppl all over....
 My boss just left. I may leave behind her!
  on lunch
 I dnt wanna go back to wrk!!! 5 in a half more hours... Who fina text me and keep me company?!
 RT  Stop worrying about what other people that don't matter think. 
  just laughing at u... Y u stop effin w/ me again?!
 RT  Don't be in a relationship if your gonna act single.
 RT  Those legs so long... I bet they can wrap around a nigga twice while I'm in that<<< smh
  nuttin at wrk... Wen u comin chill wit me and get me started!!!
  I'm good on lunch at wrk... How u doin over there?!
 RT  Lmao I'm sorry , he made it like dat , but I love it RT   intelligence, goals, etc. Get ur  ...
  its all goodie
  intelligence, goals, etc. Get ur mind out the gutter
 RT  Sweet baby ?  I like dat RT   goodafternoon sweet baby
  I have a lot thingz a man might like :)
  goodafternoon sweet baby
 Ur a lazy bytch if u dnt fill out ur deposit/ withdrawal slip wen u come to the bank!!!
  hey dude lol
 RT  Recess is on of the best cartoons ever!!!
 RT   thinking about you, cause it's obvious you're not thinking about me... 
 RT  It's funny how he does nothing, but you continue to fall for him. 
 RT  Behind every 'jk' is some truth. Behind every smile is some pain.  and I smile a lot
 RT  it sucks when you think you're special to someone when you're just another girl
 RT  Just because you're not dating anyone doesn't mean your hearts not taken. 
 RT  Ladies, why put up with his BS, when you can find a guy who will love you the way you are? 
 RT  A lot of men & women would rather stay single because they're tired of giving their everything and ending up with nothin ...
 RT  Someday, someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else. 
 I've had ppl come chill with me everynight this week, but I'm pissed cuz I dnt want any of them there. I wan… (cont) 
 Uuuggghhh *screaming in head*
 One person! Ugh....
 I do they keep having me open wit des daggum new ppl!
 Woke up this a.m. mad at one person!!!
 RT   not too much on my uncle!<<< he need to let the drums go LOL
  smh
 My momma just told my pastor I'm textin n church
 I just looked over and realized the drummer at my church is on oxygen...
  love u to Ms. B LOL
  u ain't done till I say u done !!!
  cuz yall never wanna c me
  if its literal y is it funny?! Smh
 RT  dang i farted in front of my A/C and now its blowin out a cool rotten egg smell<< dats nasty!!!
   yall are too much
 I like pissin ppl off!
  ugh! Mad at u! Get off my twitter!
 "Fck that bitch that bitch and shyt u knw wut I mean"... My mom says to me on our way to church Lmbo smh
  hell wen do u c me?!
  oh u not comin?!
  well I c u tonite
  my new boo?! Wen I wuz at church u wherent
  Naw coocoo ain't fina get me!!!! Let me sit far away frm them LOL
  y I gotta b all dat sheta?! My feelings hurt LOL
  Lmbo u r very rite LOL
 I respect these 18 wheelers!!!!
  girl boo!!! Yo fam (myself) is fun as hell!!!
  LOL shut up sheta!!!!
 Is it bad I'm goin church mainly cuz I wanna c 
 Girlfriend?!
 RT  Yall dont eat that clone meat from McDonalds<<< shut up
  smh
 RT  I don't make time for people who don't make time for me.  I gotta get on that ish. I'm way to nice
 So they tryna charge me 16 extra for sweet and sour sauce... I paid they azz all n pennies..
  LOL well to stingy azz wnt bring me anything so this all I have time for
 Last night my body was on the couch, but metaphorically I wuz with u! 
  at mcdonald's for lunch
 RT  Is my twitpic my pic or a pic of something else....cause i think my shit got hacked man!!!<<< its u
 Lunch
 RT  Don't be the doorknob where everyone gets a turn, be a casino where only the lucky ones hit the jackpot 
 Happy, moving forward, highly blessed!
 RT  u feel lonely not when no one cares about u, but when someone u expect to care doesn't care about u at all
 How are all my loves?!
 RT  It gets hard to trust someone when everyone you ever opened your heart to lets you down.  
 RT  Fellas, listen to her favorite song. It may just be what she's too afraid tell you. 
 RT  Never chase them, quickly replace them. Mistakes? Nahh, I don't retrace them. I just move on and mentally erase them. 
 This woman came n today, not bad lookin till she spoke. HE had a nice personality
 Question: Can we b friends? I mean honestly, after u knw how I feel aboutchu?!
 I dnt do ultimatums... Everythin I tell u is verbatim...
  LOL dats y I luv u!!!
 RT   why do u gas me up? Lol>>> no gas baby we run on energy :)
  boi yes! U been knwn that!
 I called to wrk to say ill b late but still ain't got out the bed LOL  lonley, but 
 RT  Goodmorning everybody! *waves* whats good wit yall?<<< mornin my duke!
 RT  One day, i will steal a girl's heart, and she will steal my last name. 
 RT   I can ignore the shit out of people. I do it often.
 RT  Tell me how the fuck we supposed to stay friends When you got a bunch of feelings that you don’t show
 Nite luves
 I wanna tell u everythin so we can b done or move forward. But I knw u dnt wanna hear it
 RT  Blanket on, too hot. Blanket off, too cold. One leg out, 
 RT  Why R Yu Disappointed Because I Don't Wanna Use MY GAS To Come See Yu? If Yu Wanna See Me So Bad Bring Yo Bitch Ass Here
 RT  Blackberry got Too much hoes...Iphone girls take the best naked pictures and droid women are more sophisticated
 Feel like a real adult just opened all my mail.. bills on the table, b.s n the trash where it belongs
 Planking is good for cramps LOL
 At wrk *head on desk*
 RT   a guy who can hold a great convo without talking about sex every 5 minutes 
 Y r YOU callin my phone?! I dnt fuxx witchu no moe... *looks at phone and hangs up*
 Nobody to text, ugh....
 RT  low key miss my blackberry lifestlye, droids just aint the same "/
 RT   - 1) Make her laugh when she doesn't want to. 2) Wear his hoodies. 3) NO DRAMA! 4) Get boy adv ...
 RT  I ask questions i already know the answer to sometimes just to figure out if your a fuckin liar or not
 RT  Our generation doesn't knock on doors... We'll call or text to let you know we're outside...
 Dayum I gotta go back to wrk... Ugh!!!
 Wen someone kisses my heart ill let u knw the date of the wedding, kuz I'm never letting him go!
 I am super stingy!!! So!!!
 Everyone has a lil stalker n them ...
  nope none this week
  alrite I agree LOL
  u azz
 RT  Ready for the wings for lunch<<< give me sum
 RT  Tip drill was my favorite video growin up lol  hell dat hoe wuz soft porn LOL
 Ima punch that bleeker kid n the weiner... 
 RT  I hate waking up horny<<< well I hate goin to bed horny
 That sex where u can't even tweet about it cuz I can't remember the password word to ya phone, yeah I had that LOL
 This strawberries and creme oatmeal is the beez neez lol
 Gotta get on them pain meds ASAP
 Think I may leave early, ugh.....
 How many cars doez this kid have?!
 Dey lucky I'm here today the way I'm feelin, shoot!
 I'm tryna get n and fix my oatmeal. He needs to com'on real talk...
 I'm tired of gettin to wrk early, and this simple dude can't get here on time. Come on now!
  where have u been, Ms. M. I. A?! LOL
 I'm sitting n my car w/ my feet on the steering wheel, so my stomach hurts!
 RT  RT   smh>>> wutchu shaking ya head for, wanted to do it with u. *Serious face*
  how to love?!
 Gmornin everyone
 Y all that just catching up with me *jumps outta bed*
 Gnite luvs *MuAh*
 Fina lay n the bed who's cakin with me tonite?!
  like jojo say eff that new girl!
 RT  Have u ever miss someone so bad that it hurt deep down inside.<<< yes sir
  that's my name, wuts goodie
 RT  I'm happy if it makes him happy with another girl .<< wait wut?!
  uh huh!
  dnt dwell on it... U gotta move on urself... I knw theirs millions of girlz u can go out on a da… (cont) 
 RT  You full of shit, move on !! Bitch lol jk jk jk<<< wow bro calm down. There's always some truth behind jk
 RT  Don't you hate when a person can tweet but can't text you back? R-T if you hate it
  oh hell yeah that'll do the trick... I'm super sry to hear that. U seem like a super guy frm u… (cont) 
 RT  When I was a little kid, Toy Story made me think that when I came back into my room my toys would be running around
  wut happened if u dnt mind me asking. U can dm if u want
  how long where yall 2gether
  that's ur exgirlfriend rite?!
  the bad thing is if he came to my door rite now and apologized and asked me to b his girlfrien… (cont) 
  its funny cuz he hits me up like its all cool... Yeah I wonder wut he's doin an if he treats he… (cont) 
  but hey I gotta keep it movin forward....
 I super wanna cuddle rite now but no cuddle buddies...
 I'm gonna punch that blicker kid n the weiner 
 Bliker is actually great in chair 
 R u sexually active?! 
 Omg! And it taste amazing also!
 Dis peach hot tea smellz amazing n my apt! I luv it....
 Id fck an ex before a new guy... I'm just sayin...
 RT  Me + Her + SlowJams - Da Bullshit = More Likely a Baby Lmao!
 RT  Marvins Room - Drake. ...explains what im goin' thru.<< jojo's version explains mine to the t
 RT  Got damn Harry Potter still making movies?!?! This nigga like 40 now<<< I heard he gay
 I didn't even knw they had a blade 4
  LOL really!? That's dumb
 RT  if you hear words saying one thing, but the actions show another, chances are your being lied to
 RT  Ladies: watch a porno or make a porno?<<< both
 RT  How did this planking thing become so popular on twitter???<<< wuts planking
 RT  Ladies: When wet: Text him or Call him?<<< call
 RT  "Bisexuality doubles your chances of a date on a Saturday night."
 Let me go back n this dayum job...
 Please dnt butter me up, come real or dnt come at all... That way we both win!
 I think wut he use to tell me about other girlz he's tellin other girlz about me...
 Everytime someone ask me is their someone special n my life their referring to u and I'm forced to say.... N… (cont) 
 RT  Everything Is Out The Window!
 So I'm super full, but can't drink shyt cold. Ugh!
 RT  I got the job *dances* :)<<< dancin with ya
  well I will b stopping in to say hello!!!
  okay I c... I officially love Dallas, tx fa real...
 RT  Respect the person who gives you honesty, because most will just tell you what they think you want to hear. 
  doll where u frm so I can call and get one custom made like u
 I go n2 work 2min b4 I'm suppose b there!
  no I like to listen. Step me up on wut I need to knw!
 RT  There's alot of things I don't give a fuck about & someone not liking me is one of em<<<tell'em girl
  they makin'em like this n Alabama I need to make a trip
 I swear if I get pulled over I'm goin TO jail....
 I really like this kid, just wish he get his ish together and like me 2.... Ugh!
 RT  Sometims you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care they'll notice. If they don't you know where yo ...
 I need a bandaid
 I love my lipz... They have a pretty shape
 I dnt like that tho!
 Wuz that a blank promise?!
 RT  Whenever Ash from Pokemon turns his hat backwards, that's when you know sh*t is about to get serious...
 RT  Matter of fact aint shit Big about Big sean... He the same size as soulja boy
 RT  Ill take Alicia Keys over Beyonce 
 I love having text convos wen u can really type, not that one word shyt!
 So I den cut my thumb off tryna make enchiladas LOL
 If u get drunk dnt worry ill let my sex drive LOL
 Just deleted a number that I never thought id ever delete!!!
 Keeping them around with that one text every now and then. Because u knw u want him/her just not right now...
  well I knw now and ima start finding ya grown azz to come over here LOL
 RT  I used to be a sneakerhead.<<< I still am just added heelz LOL
  I live down the street frm u... Y u dnt fux wit me?!
 RT  Looked at my cousin  twit con&thought it was me for a second.lmao.damn we do look alike… (cont) 
 Ppl say if u want something in life take it, but how can u take a persons heart if they dnt want to give it to u?!
 Moved out and I'm still gettin spoiled!!!!
  dnt play ima getchu if I get the chance!!!! *MuAh*
 I am an amazing woman and any man wud b super blessed to b w/ me... Goodnight
  at target LOL
  well how did we miss each other?! I grew up wit dem
 Why dnt the eastside have a doggone Target?! Sum bull!!!
 Guess I'm fina ride to wally world.... See wut dat b like
 RT  I hate when you text someone "wassup" then they respond "wassup"..
 RT  No, I wear a mink coat over my tuxedo when I go to a nude beach -_- RT"  do you go naked? :)"
 RT  Don't take her for granted or you'll be left empty handed.
 RT  My dad really has me standing at this store waiting on him like ima hooker on Harwin! Ugh!<<< LOL
 I'm determine to sleep n my bed tonite
  we have a lot n common....
 RT  I know how it is when someone disappoints you. Its tempting to see things the way you wish they were instead of how t ...
  y u ain't tell me u frm my hood?!
 RT  You know how STRONG my feelings are for you . . & your still doing this to me ? <|3
  n Lp?!
  hey how u knw duke?!
 Alcohol doesn't fix ish but does make u forget and have good time *shaking azz n mirror*
  I'm tipsy so if u start gettin nasty mentions I'm apologizing now!!!
 I just gave this bacardi bottle heAd....
 I'm 2 seconds away frm bein an alcoholic!!!!
 Naw it still makes me super horny
 *takes two shots and some bacardi*
 Alcohol has gone from makin me super horny to putting me to sleep
 RT  Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life.
  OH YEAH!!!!
  i dnt have anythinq planned for Friday but Saturday I want get super wasted, u down?!
  wut r u doin this weekend?!
 Live love life
  at wrk, hadn't heard frm u... Hey u drink?!
 Where my girl  at?! *looks around*
 RT  -Stop acting like you're Perfect, all Bitches got Glitches!
 RT  I just made the chocolatiest chocolate milk ever. It's like I melted black people. dyin laughin
  n bed
 RT  How many of you have been personally victimized by regina george<<< *raises hand*
 RT  Please dont take a pic in ur restroom if its nasty as fuck!!!!!!!!
 RT  I just made the chocolatiest chocolate milk ever. It's like I melted black people. LOL
 I'm effin hungry!!!!
 This girl n this nail salon bad, no body, but she still bad!!!!
 Off wrk at 530... pls hurry up!
 Luvin this rain..  if  wuda been over I wud definatly have called n
 So it wanna rain extra hard wen I get to wrk, trapping me n the car LOL... dats fine!
 Tell him wut I dnt have and he'll supply it! I like that!!!
  mornin bunny, how did the interview go
 RT  The moon said to me, "If he makes you cry, why don't you leave him?" I looked at the moon and said, "Moon, would you eve ...
  proud of u... get it boo
 Just got the news my super will not b here today.. super happy!
 RT   really? u were born that way. Bn gorg since u was 5 y-o flipn n the hood w/ ur T n the prelude lol evn the blu ...
  Wow 
  LOL thanks boo... wuts been up with u
  no really I dnt knw where Chris live silly! And thank u boo hard wrk LOL
  but if u effin a person long enough believe u me feelings will definatly develop....
  *pause* Chris lives n nshore?! Uh oh!!!
  um Kay... cuz I wuz like wut the h no sheta no duke, I'm fina go home! LOL
  wut does it depend on sir?!
 I went to sleep thinkin bout u, woke up and rode to wrk thinkin bout u... I bet u haven't had A thought about me. It's all gravy doe
  Omg u r a mess.... I moved to northshore... well wen r u goin I miss u!!!!
 RT   im on vacation from.church. they work me too much... Lol i can only pretend to be holy for so long before they ...
 Mornin errbody....question: wuts sex w/out emotion? I'm thinkin pointless
 So I think I'm fina go to bed, yeah at 7:38p.... so!
 RT  I LOVE the feeling of peeling glue off my hand
