 RT   - congrats on being named to the Eurobasket Summer League First Team All Tournament
 RT  Congrats to APSE clients, Terrell Bell, Brad Byerson, Michael Hunter, and David Fisher for making the Eurobasket All ...
 Four APSE clients named to Las Vegas EuroBasket Summer League All Tournament team 
 Congratulations to APSE client RB Johnny White on signing with the Buffalo Bills 
 Client Lorenzo Alexander is one of the first back to work with the Redskins: 
 APSE Client rookie LJ Castile has signed with the Cleveland Browns! Check out the APSE press release: 
 RT  Congratulations to APSE client, LJ Castile, on becoming the newest member of the Cleveland Browns!
 Ryan Mundy's hometown football camp a big hit with local kids 
 Eagles columnist Frank Passalacqua names Jamaal Jackson as C on his All-Time Eagles Offense 
 Hakeem Nicks wastes no time getting back to business 
 Joe Thomas - the best LT in the league? USA Today thinks so! 
 RT  Its that time! Lets make it happen. 
 ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL!? WE ARE! 
 Cleveland Browns' top draft pick, Phil Taylor, makes most out of second chance! 
 APSE client, Terrell Bell, takes his talents to Finland 
 ESPN held a voting poll to see which players would be best at their position in 2014-2016. Client Joe Thomas was selected as one of  the...
 Happy Birthday to APSE client Dontay Moch!
 APSE Client Terrell Bell, G/F from Va. Tech, has signed with KTP Kotka
 RT  In very productive meetings with United Way in DC.... Figuring out how to create change & increase the graduation rate ...
 NFC East's Biggest Future Stars: "Nicks is already one of the best..." 
 Cleveland Browns' top rookie, Baylor's Phil Taylor, enjoys first camp with new teammates 
 Cleveland Browns GM Tom Heckert on DE Jayme Mitchell- "Mitchell was the team's best pass rusher last year" 
 Josh Cribbs selected as one of the Top 100 Players in the NFL via an NFL.com poll 
 Dontay Moch's Speed will Create Matchup Problems! 
 Derrick Mason's Youth Football Camp started today.  
 Josh Southern Brad Byerson Terrell Bell Tomaul Hawkins David Fisher Michael Hunter & Jabril Banks to play in ESL 2011 
 Today we welcome the 2010 leading rusher for the Washington Redskins Ryan Torain to the All Pro Family!  ...
 Dontay Moch's Former Defensive Coordinator Believes He Can Make The Transition To Outside Linebacker!!! 
 Gerald Hayes, of the Arizona Cardinals, hosted Rising Stars Football camp last week. 
  hosted a free football camp this past weekend 
  ranked as one of the top 10 biggest fan favorites in Cleveland Browns History 
 APSE client Tra Thomas opens workout facility in New Jersey called '7 Deuce Sports.' It is a place that is fit... 
 APSE client Tra Thomas opens workout facility in New Jersey called '7 Deuce Sports.' It is a place that is fit for all athletic levels by...
 After retiring, APSE client Tra Thomas, set out to find different work out facilities where he could help and inspire others by...
 ESPN: Power Rankings, Joe Thomas listed as the leagues  Left Tackle 
 Jordan Babineaux, hosts the 7th Annual Weekend of Charity along side his brother through the Babineaux Family Foundation 
 Everyone follow APSE client Ryan Mundy  Keep up the good work! Just one month away from his Youth Football Clinic
 Maurice Stovall from the Tampa Bay Buccaneers recently volunteered at the first Anthony Becht Football Camp in... 
 Maurice Stovall from the Tampa Bay Buccaneers recently volunteered at the first Anthony Becht Football Camp in Tampa Bay at Land O’ Lakes...
 Check out this article on APSE client Greivis Vasquez concerning the Venezuelan National Team 
 Josh Cribbs partners with United Way 
 APSE client, Lousaka Polite wins the 2010 Nat Moore Community Service Award 
 APSE client Joshua Cribbs steps up to aid family through tragedy 
 APSE client Joshua Cribbs steps up to aid family through tragedy
 Check out this amazing story about APSE client Joshua Cribbs 
 Hakeem Nicks participated in Justin Tucks Celebrity Billiards Tournament to raise money for R.U.S.H. for Literacy 
 Cincy look for Dontay Moch to "generate a pass rush that its never had before" 
 APSE Clients, Andrew Quarless & DJ Smith, are ready for some...softball!? 
 APSE sends out our condolences to Barry Sanders and Family on the passing of William Sanders, Barry Sanders Father 
 ESPN Ranks Joe Thomas as the No. 9 Offensive Player in NFL 
 APSE client, David Diehl, is ready for some football! 
 RT  LT Joe Thomas saves the AFC North - 
 The Buffalo Bills believe Johnny White can be a versatile player 
 APSE Client Derrick Mason organizes an informal workout on Tuesday where 27 other Ravens players showed up, including a few rookies!
 Check out this great article on APSE client Eddie George 
 Cleveland Browns to Start Rookie Phil Taylor? See why the Bleacher Report thinks so!! 
 Thursday 05/26,DJ Smith of the Packers will be volunteering at the Second Harvest Food Bank in Charlotte.....rookies making a difference!!
 C. Lamont Smith NFL Power Agent! 
 APSE client JT Thomas steps in as a Prom date, "This was Joslyn's night" 
 APSE client Dontay Moch to make an impact his rookie season?...CincyJungle.com believes so 
 D.J. Smith Interview with Cheese Head TV  via 
 Check out where APSE client Russell Okung ranks on the Top Ten Greatest Oklahoma State Cowboys 
 APSE client JT Thomas "will have a chance to be a key contributor" 
 Lamont Smith & APSE client Jerome Bettis headed to LA for the Hangover II premier, great feedback
 RT  In case you haven't seen it yet,  LT Russell Okung has a new official website:  /via 
 APSE client, Phil Taylor, poised to start 
 APSE client Kendric Burney noted as a top five UDFA via CBSSports.com 
 Correll Buckhalter's career rushing average as an Eagle, third-best in franchise history among RBs 
 Per BleacherReport.com, APSE client Ben Tate poised to have a break out year 
 APSE client Josh Cribbs attends the NBA Draft Lottery 
 Congratulations to APSE client Eddie George for being elected to the College Football Hall of Fame 
 APSE client Russell Okung has a new official website. Check it out! 
 APSE Client Joe Thomas donates to Brookfield Central High School 
 APSE client Derrick Mason helps organize player-only workouts 
  featured on SLAM ONLINEhttp://t.co/3xEFRiP
 Listening to "Willie Roaf - New Orleans Saints Pro Bowl Left Tackle" by Game Unlimited on   
 Giants WR Hakeem Nicks in top shape 
 Bengals Get Pass-Rushing Specialist In 3rd Round 
 Greivis Vasquez on Coach Williams' Retirement 
 
 Chicago Bears select J.T. Thomas 
 D.J. Smith Selected by Packers 
 Johnny White Selected by Buffalo 
 Vasquez, Grizzlies Advance to Western Conference Semifinals 
 Phil Taylor visits Cleveland   and  
 OfficialBrowns: Taylor: I wanted to be a Brown  via 
 Bengals.com: Bengals tap SAM backer in third  via 
 Dontay Moch selected by Cincinnati 
 Phil Taylor with his family 
 Phil Taylor was selected 21st overall by Cleveland 
 Phil Taylor's off to Cleveland! 
 Follow APSE's Clients as the 2011 NFL Draft kicks off today! 
 Follow APSE's Clients as the 2011 NFL Draft kicks off today! 
 RT Willie Roaf RT  Which Veteran player is Representing & calling the Players out for the Saints in the 2nd...
 Make sure to read Dontay Moch's new blog about the Draft. 
 
 RT  Checking out this Rossetta Stone package my agent sent me.Gotta let him know what I think about it.
 
 
 RT  
 Sanders and Roaf to Announce 2nd Rd Draft Picks 
 Bettis speaks at Penn State Altoona 
 
 Dontay Moch: Quick, Versatile, and Underrated 
 Dontay Moch works out for the Denver Broncos 
 Kendric Burney NFL Scouting Report 
 QB Josh Portis Draws Attention from NFL Combine Workouts 
 QB Josh Portis Draws Attention from NFL Combine Workouts 
 Johnny White Catches the Eye of NFL Scouts 
 Signs 2010 First Round Draft pick Greivis Vasquez! 
 DJ Smith's mountainous climb from App St. to the NFL 
 AllPro DT Phil Taylor is a Dominating Inside Presence 
 Jerome Bettis at Michael Jordan's Celebrity Golf Tournament 
 
 Sign up today!  
 Always stay updated.
 Tune infor Dontay Moch's live interview on ESPN First Take (ESPN2) at 8:30a.m. PST
 
 
 
 
 Dontay Moch sets NFL Combine 40 mark 
 
 Demond Washington making an exciting return.... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kendric Burney.....Combine sleeper 
 
 
 
 
 Great story on D.J. Smith 
 Dontay Moch is ready for the Combine! 
 Ben Tate cleared, ready for the 2011 season 
 Founder & CEO, Lamont Smith sharing his journey with his legacy of working with professional athletes. 
 
 C. Lamont Smith discusses role in the lives of professional athletes & vision for growth & community involvement 
 D.J. Smith preparing for the NFL Combine 
 Congratulations on  Bowl Champion Andrew Quarless being named Nassau County Athlete of the Year
 Follow  - will be an exciting player in the NFL
 Please check out and follow Dontay Moch's blog 
 Dontay Moch is ready for the NFL draft! 
 
 Detroit's Jerome Bettis takes his first run at Hall of Fame 
 Former New Orleans Saint Willie Roaf awaits call on possible Hall of Fame selection | NOLA.com 
 Hall of Fame nominee Roaf gives Chiefs some love 
 The Bus  deserves to be parked in Canton without a doubt 
 Awaiting big announcement on Sat. good luck to HOF finalist  ....you deserve to be selected 
 
 SI's 2011 NFL Mock Draft 
 Congratulations to Aaron Smith & Ryan Mundy of the  & Andrew Quarless of the  for making it to the  Bowl
 RT  Check out the updated NFLPA Roster here  ...
 RT  Congrads to QB Josh Portis, California PA from being named to the NFLPA All-Star Game Roster
 RT  Congrats to LB DJ Smith, Appalachian State for being named to the NFLPA All-Star game 
 Jerome Bettis
 2 Clients... Bettis &  Roaf are  of Fame finalist
 Aaron Smith practicing with the Steelers. Great seeing Aaron make his recovery.
 RT  UA logos on Auburn coach Gene Chizik = $2.4M in broadcast exposure. Nike logos on Chip Kelly = $1.4M (via 
 RT  Perfection is not attainable.  But if we chase perfection, we can catch excellence.
 The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.
  
 Congratulations to long time APSE client, Willie Roaf! HOF Finalist 
 Congratulations to long time APSE client, Jerome Bettis! HOF Finalist 
 Winning is not a sometime thing; it's an all time thing. - Vince Lombardi
 If the mountains were smooth, you couldn't climb them....
 RT  "Life is a tough teacher! It gives the test first and the lesson after. Pay attention!"
 News 14 Carolina's Mike Solarte sits down with D.J. Smith. 
 Pierre Thomas will be key for the Saints' playoff run 
  
 
 Wonderful story about Eddie George and his mother. 
 
 
 Check out D.J. Smith's interview.... 
 Merry Christmas from APSE....thanks for all of your support!
 CLT check out  on Fox's show Got Game  night  10:30pm  build his followers
 RT   - Thanks to Courtney Roby and Willie Roaf for participating at Mays today!
 RT   - In New Orleans delivering food and shoes with Feed The Children at Mays Prep school.
 Text "Shoes" to 85944 to donate $10 to Samaritan's Feet 
 Send a loved one a personalized phone greeting from Santa and help a child in need by clicking on this link!... 
 Twitter friends follow   and 
 Twitter friends follow  and  young men ready to make it happen on the next level!
 Follow  and  exciting young men!
 RT  TOUCHDOWN  Derrick Mason with his 2nd of the game. 1-on-1 coverage
 Derrick Mason with the amazing TD catch for the Ravens!
 
 Real Diehl with APSE client and NY Giant, David Diehl 
 Pierre Thomas, Courtney Roby and Willie Roaf - Saints greats making a positive impact in the community 
 Bring health and hope to struggling families with a gift to  
 Pierre Thomas says he's '90 percent' and hopes to play for the New Orleans Saints this week 
 Check
 Willie Roaf tomorrow at 8:30PM EST on Mad Dog Radio with Scott Wetzel on the Dino Costa Show - Channel 123 on Sirius & Channel 144 on XM.
 Receiving Lines: Winning cures all but a hamstring by APSE's David Anderson... 
 Receiving Lines: Winning cures all but a hamstring by APSE's 
 Congrats to Pro Football Hall of Fame semifinalist  and  Make sure to follow them on twitter!
 Guinness Makes Play for the U.S. Market with Jerome Bettis 
 With brothers in and out of jail, Giants wide receiver Hakeem Nicks has found peace and HarmonyRead more:... 
 Derrick Mason is the 13th player in NFL history to reach 900 receptions
 C. Lamont Smith featured in The Atlanta Post: 11 Black Sports Agents Transforming Players into SuperStars 
 
 Nicks has another big game 
 Cribbs' trick play helps beat Patriots 
 PIERRE THOMAS AUTOGRAPH SIGNING TOMORROW AT CHUCK'S SPORTSCARDS - 28550 LA Hwy 43, Albany, LA 70711 FROM 6PM-8PM.... 
 PUBLIC
 Get to Know: Andrew Quarless... 
 PUBLIC AUTOGRAPH SIGNING with Super Bowl Champ Running Back, Pierre Thomas! Signing will be held at Chuck's Fields... 
 Hakeem Nicks led the way for Big Blue on Monday night with nine catches for 108 yards and two TDs. 
 Saints RB's agent takes offense for his client... 
 If Sean Payton has a problem with Pierre Thomas, it should have stayed between them 
 Agent for New Orleans Saints running back Pierre Thomas denounces suggestion Thomas is shirking... 
 Cardinals LB Gerald Hayes set to come back in Week 7 vs. Seahawks 
 Andrew Quarless Public Autograph Signing at Waukesha Sportscards on November 16th 
 Pierre Thomas Public Autograph Signing at Chuck's Field of Dreams on November 2nd 
 Just Announced! ANDREW QUARLESS public signing at Waukesha Sportscards on Nov. 16th from 6:30PM - 7:30PM 
 APSEINC Client Hakeem Nicks: 
 We would like to wish all of our clients  this week as they go into week 6 of the 2010  Season...
 Cleveland Browns tackle Joe Thomas works with kids to promote healthy eating: Video 
 Nicks' elite skill earns Giants a passing gradeRead more:... 
 Hakeem Nicks, you're a big star now 
 Nicks swiftly becoming an elite fantasy receiver 
 NY Giants WR Hakeem Nicks talks beating Texans, working with Eli Manning 
 Another Hakeem shines in Houston 
 Don't forget about Texans RB Ben Tate 
 Packers TE Andrew Quarless has big opportunities ahead 
 Giants WR Hakeem Nicks has monster game. Now 2nd in the NFL with 6 TD receptions 
 Jayme Mitchell traded to Cleveland 
  Is it UMMC Ekaterinburg 
  Twice - 1st WNBA player to dunk in consecutive games 
 RT  "The ultimate reason for setting goals is to entice you to become the person it takes to achieve them." - Jim Rohn
 The latest Inside the NFL article from future Hall of Famer Jerome Bettis 
 See what Josh Cribbs and Joe Thomas have to say about their big win against the Bengals on Sunday 
 Trevor Pryce signs with Jets 
 Courtney Roby awarded NFC Special Teams Player of the Month 
 Willie Roaf and Jerome Bettis Eligible for 2011 Hall of Fame Class 
 Courtney Roby vital to New Orleans success... 
 Joe Thomas raves about teammate's performance despite loss
 Huge opportunities ahead for Saints RB Pierre Thomas... 
 Josh Cribbs to be featured on FX's The League airing on Thurs. Sept. 30 at 10:30 EST... 
 After Week 2, Hakeem Nicks leads all NFL receivers in touchdowns caught... 
 The Denver Broncos pay tribute to Kenny McKinley 
 RT  Sad day yesterday, lost a great friend and person. R.I.P. To my Lil Bro Kenny Mc. We love you and you will truly be missed!
 Alfred Williams Day this weekend at CU 
 Get to know Jerome "The Bus" Bettis 
 Watch for Ben Tate on ESPN2 at 9:30pm EST on the show "Hey Rookie" as they visit his home on draft day. 
 “What we do in life echoes in eternity”
 Watch for Ben Tate on ESPN2 at 9:30pm EST on the show "Hey Rookie" as they visit his home on draft day.
 Great interview of Hakeem Nicks of the NY Giants 
 Great interview of Hakeem Nicks of the NY Giants 
 RT  In case you weren't prepared for the season starting...Free shipping from NFLShop until midnight tonight! 
 Hakeem Nicks is the first NY Giants wide receiver to score 3 TDs since 2007
 RT  Yay Giants! What's going on w/ the Niners though?! Can't wait for NHL to start too!
 Dolphins RB Lousaka Polite ran twice for 6 yards and caught two passes for 12 yards in a Week 1 win at the Bills.
 Great game today  Hakeem_Nicks_88
 RT  Love the old school Philly uniforms.
 Giants breeze; Nicks scores 3 TDs  
 RT  Giants breeze; Nicks scores 3 TDs 
 Hakeem Nicks scores 3 TDs in the NY Giants home opener win over the Carolina Panthers
 Ben Tate vows to rebound, please fans 
 Best NFL Players by Jersey Number 
 Ben Tate vows to rebound, please fans 
 Jim Haslett has the Redskins Defense snagging more turnovers with new mindset 
 Pierre Thomas finishes off Vikings with old school football 
 Pierre Thomas finishes off Vikings with old school football... 
 Check out New Orleans Saints Pierre Thomas on last nights "Minute to Win It"... 
 MUST READ ARTICLE: Lou Gehrig's disease linked to concussions, NFL players need to raise awareness level... 
 MUST READ ARTICLE: Lou Gehrig's disease linked to concussions, NFL players need to raise awareness level 
 "The real leader has no need to lead; he is content to point the way." - Henry Miller
 RT  Fans who are attending the game, please know it will be extremely difficult to attend Parade/concert & make Dome Pr ...
 RT  The tension is building...NFL Season starts tomorrow. Men's and Women's US Open Quarterfinals and MLB Pennant Races to ...
 Bus Stops: Holding out wasn't going to hurt Revis as much as Jets -  
 Bus Stops: Holding out wasn't going to hurt Revis as much as Jets -  /via 
 Hakeem Nicks catches on with New York Giants 
 Jerome Bettis explains to Dan Patrick why Roethlisberger isn't Steelers captain  
 Watch for the Browns Josh Cribbs this year in the new Cyclone Formation and in the return game... 
 Adam Terry signs with Chargers
 Hakeem Nicks catches on with New York Giants 
 RT  RT  Coach Roaf helping us out at NFL Play 60 Youth Football in NOLA. Willie talks, kids listen . ...
 RT  Bettis explains why Roethlisberger isn't Steelers captain 
 RT  Part I of my return to Chicago 
 Jim Haslett revamping Redskins Defense 
 Jonathan Wade expected to start at CB for Detroit 
 RT  Late, Great Kay Yow Memorialized With Bronze Statue In NC State On-Campus "Coaches Corner" Garden.   ...
 RT  Check this video out for "Coach for the Cure MD" for 9/25/10. 
 SI names Barry Sanders  Eddie George  Jerome Bettis  Best NFL Player by Jersey Number... 
 Hakeem Nicks named a Giants breakout player for 2010 by SportingNews... 
 Letroy Guion named a Vikings breakout player for 2010 by SportingNews... 
 Hakeem Nicks or Michael Crabtree: Which Sophomore is Top of the Class?  
 Ben Tate vows to rebound, please fans 
  
 Colorado celebrates Alfred Williams and his election to the College Football Hall of Fame  
 3x Pro Bowler Joe Thomas of the Cleveland Browns will be signing autographs at Fitworks Fitness in Mentor, OH on Sept. 21st from 6PM-7PM.
 Rookie Andrew Quarless caught 2 passes and a touchdown in Green Bay's win over the Indianapolis Colts
 Camarillo looking forward to playing with Favre in Minnesota... 
 Eddie George to appear in new TV series... 
 Josh Cribbs named Browns most indispensible player by ESPN.com
 Russell Okung named Seahawks most indispensible player by ESPN.com... 
 Follow David Anderson's weekly column  
 
  
 Correll Buckhalter is back at practice-- 
  Hope you're doing well. Just checking to see if you got our email.
 Every game is an opportunity to measure yourself against your own potential.
 The Ladder of Success is made out of stumbling blocks that were turned into stepping stones.
 Jerome Bettis & Willie Roaf are on The Sporting News 2011 Hall of Fame Watch List 
 Browns' offensive tackle Joe Thomas assumes leadership position on team 
 RT  Great Joe Gibbs quote (via Kipps): "I’m convinced that 2 reach your own goals and dreams, u must learn how 2 assist o ...
 Packers tight end Andrew Quarless fielded questions from members of the 
 Larry Johnson looks to re-ignite career 
 "Appreciation is the currency of success.” – Maya Smart
 Tyndall Among National Leaders In APR Improvement 
 Tyndall Among National Leaders In APR Improvement 
 Please check out our fan page on Facebook - Feel free to "like" it. 
 Check out Hakeem Nicks fan page on Facebook - Feel free to "like" it. 
 Steve Atwater, APSE Client and Denver Bronco Ring of Fame member interning on Mike Shanahan's staff at Redskins... 
 Clients Pierre Thomas and Courtney Roby visit the White House during the Saints Super Bowl Champs presentation 
 Okung and Seahawks Agree on Deal  
 Donnie Tyndall - Morehead St. ranked  in FoxSports.com, NCAA Report on APR Improvement 
 RT  Which coaches make sure their players get it done in the classroom? My latest for Fox Sports- Coaching Academics: http: ...
 Seahawks, Russell Okung agree to terms... 
 APSE client Russell Okung has agreed to terms with the Seattle Seahawks. Looking forward to a great career!
 RT  Elvis Dumervil's injury is precisely why players such as Darrelle Revis, Vincent Jackson, Shawne Merriman and Marcus  ...
  Mississippi Valley State where he got the nickname 'World'
 Watch this video of David Anderson having some fun with the string dance 
 Deshea Townsend signs with the Indianapolis Colts 
 Texans Sign Second-Rounder Tate 
 Texans Sign Second-Rounder Tate 
 Congratulations to Ben Tate for officially becoming a Houston Texan!  Watch for Ben to make a push for Offensive Rookie of the Year
 Texans Reach Deal with RB Tate  
 Texans agree to terms with 2nd-round pick Tate  
 Super Bowl hero Thomas ready for work 
 RT  Support Mike Adams (Browns) & Gerald Hayes (AZ Cards) Backpack 2 School. $11 donation covers a backpack filled w/ supp ...
 Mike Rucker, former Carolina Panthers great tackles Land Rovers Off-Road with Automotive Rhythms... 
 "You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you don't do too many things wrong." - Warren Buffett
  Yale Bulldogs
 Have you seen the fan Q&A video by Pierre Thomas  
 Check out Pierre Thomas latest fan Q&A video at  
 Please help APSE double its FOLLOWERS by the end of the month....your assistance is well appreciated.
 Be Friends with Us on Facebook 
 "We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit." - Aristotle
 APSE is searching for a receptionist, please pass along 
 Hakeem Nicks, NY Giants is a Player to Watch this season 
 "Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm." Ralph Waldo Emerson
 "To achieve greatness, start where you are, use what you have, do what you can."  Arthur Ashe
 Josh Cribbs could fill void left by LeBron James  
 We Are All Witnesses: Josh Cribbs Is The Next Cleveland Browns Legend 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 Congratulations to Josh Price-Brent, DL, Illinois for being selected by the Dallas Cowboys in the NFL Supplemental Draft.
 Checkout this Josh Cribbs clip at NFL Network... 
 RT  Former   also an ESPY winner with N.O. Saints as Best Team. Congrats to both Greg and Pierre!
 New Orleans Saints' Pierre Thomas has plenty to smile about 
 RT  TRBS Feat Hines Ward Celeb Charity Wkend 
 NFL Rookie Ben Tate comes home to Berlin to help inspire young players 
 NFL Rookie Ben Tate comes home to Berlin to 
 Deshea Townsend wants to keep playing 
 Green Bay Packers sign Andrew Quarless 
 NFL rookie Ben Tate comes home to Berlin to help inspire young 
 Derrick Mason says it would be disappointing not to win a Super Bowl 
 "The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual." - Vince Lombardi
 "You become a superstar individually, but you become a champion as a team." - LeBron James
 Getting To Know Green Bay Packers' Draft Pick: 
 RT  SBD: LeBron Picks Miami: ESPN Earns 7.3 Overnight For "The Decision." It's the highest-rated non-NFL program on ESPN t ...
 Who becomes Cleveland's favorite athlete now that LeBron James has 
 Josh Cribbs tweets a pic of a new poster to replace LeBron James' 
 Joe Thomas to hold Fishing Derby 
 Cleveland Browns' Joe Thomas to hold Fishing Derby 
 He who believes is strong, he who doubts is weak, Strong convictions precede great actions. - James Russell Lowell
 Jerome Bettis, Matt Damon Ante Up for Africa 
 Jerome Bettis' advice for Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger 
 RT  Top 25 High Major Assistant List for Fox Sports. Congratulations to all the coaches who made the list!  ...
  That must have been quite a workout. 
 "You have to have confidence in your ability, and then be tough enough to follow through." - Rosalynn Carter
 RT  A hunch from his former HS Coach and my buddy Keith Dambrot: Lebron and Chris Paul will be teammates in the near future.
 RT  "For success, attitude is equally as important as ability." - Harry F. Banks
 Top NFL Draft Pick Surprises
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 Visit www.apse.net to view some of our current clients like    and many more.
 RT  Joshua Price-Brent has "very good workout"  
 RT  Stop looking for abs at the gym when you can find them in your kitchen: 
 RT  Premier Players signs on our newest member of the team....former Pitt Standout Greg Lee! 
 Congressman Steve Scalise interviews Pierre Thomas on Grand Isle about the Gulf oil spill 
 Congressman Steve Scalise interviews
 Matt Schaub excited about Ben Tate's ability... 
 NFL players 
 Mike Hart of the Indianapolis Colts host free football camp 
 follow  for all information on your favorite athletes including   and many more....
 APSE would like to  team USA on a Valiant effort  the 
 RT  Jennifer Capriati recovering from drug overdose 
 Jerome Bettis and NFL dads praise daughters in new book... 
 Jerome Bettis and NFL dads praise daughters 
 Please weigh in and comment on the  contract situation. We would love to hear your thoughts.
 Visit apse.net for more information about All Pro Sports and Entertainment.
 RT  Jets signed fourth-round pick Joe McKnight and waived K Jared Ballman, S Brannon Condren and DT Mick Williams.
 Heard this and I can't get it out of my mind: Humility fears no man
