 U: working the crowd at  Candidate Survivor. Asked me if I was voting for your man. Still undecided if u want to persuade me.
 Sucked your fingers at  We had a quick and hilarious exchange. I'd love to buy you a drink to make up for the one I spilled.
  <3
 RT   - - i miss reading these in the stranger every thursday. if i wrote an i saw u, it would be for you.
 6/11 Photobooth  LoFi: U: curly-dark-haired, short. Me: Asian, long hair, yellow shirt. U asked how it worked. Wish u were there last week.
 RT  Attention, citizens of Twitter! It is my pleasure to inform you of the birth of the brand-new Stranger Suggests page! ...
 Madeleine at  Chatted about Bon Iver, Le Louvre, & that delicious mousse. U can speak Italian to me, I'll respond in French.
 Brooding deli girl: Dark hair, sarcastic  Broadway market QFC. Overheard you talking, I’d be happy to have you beat me at pinball any day.
 u were the cute girl with smallish yellow dog  Magnuson. me: red & white dog going for long balls in the water. Drinks/coffee/dog park?
 Arabica Lounge dude: you were working on a kite project for the owner. You were handsome and I dug your smile. Please, please, find me.
 staggering home on Lake City/95th thought u were a crackwhore. want 2 make sure u got, maybe take u on a longer ride (not a double entendre)
 Guy Who Used to Have Mohawk Now Looking for Someone Who Is Maybe Named Leah  via 
 9MM in $, no thyroids: met at 9 Million in Fremont. You: awesome & have no thyroid glands. me: bearded bike guy. I'd like to see you again.
 theo chocolate dumpster diver: i saw you in a trashcan. you were sporting a chocolate mustache and a bike helmet. i think i love you.
 Redhead on 358: us both rocking leather jackets, u sat next to me. I ride the 3-5-great every afternoon... hopefully see u again?
 motorcycle gear  SEAF. u were totally cute among the odd paintings of vulva & strange "smell me" boxes. want to ride off into the sunset?
 green haired skater girl: leaving SCCC thurs looking beautiful carrying a skateboard. u rode out of sight, but hopefully not out of my life.
 gorgeous cashier  hot mamas: u rang up my friend when he decided to eat 5 slices of pizza by himself. u: brunette, me: soggy from the rain.
 54 Bus Driver
 Blue Hair & ennui  PONY. if i had a sandwich would u finish? its not the beginning of the end its THE RETURN TO INNOCENCE! ur my everything
 I live by bookstores but I go to the 1 u work  I told u that I got a kindle & u gave me the most disdainful look & I liked it. Lets go out
 I heart weiners 2
 u work at the market, cute as hell. Me scroungy, hungover, walking around w/my buddy & bike.
 Portugal. The Man I thanked u 4 being so nice 2 me in a crazy crowd of people w/a kiss. Thanks 4 giving me a wonderful daydream for my week!
 Dangling Chad/Dino-mite
 u wished me good morning Sat. I thought u were pretty as a pie & the 1st stranger to wish me well all year. I'd like to give u a prize!
  Cal Anderson
 I don't drink coffee, but I ordered 1 b/c u were cute. We chatted about ur vegetarian sticker. I'd chat again, but more coffee might kill me
 safeway ballard 85th
 RAVEN!
 U were wearing a red checkered cap, glasses & u had the most amazing beard. U have an amazing sense of style
 U were w/ur poodle-ish dog rollerblading  the sculpture park Friday. I was in hot pink rain boots. Ur dog made me laugh. Will u?
 Under the I-5 bridge Ravenna & u wr playing harmonica. the sounds u were making made me smile 4 5 blocks. Keep playing it brings out the sun
 Sexy Tattooed Goodess
 I Saw U's in The Stranger this week! pg. 77
 We watched Radio Free from our vantage point. I was nervous & u were charming. I realized that I didn't pay 4 the drinks! Make it up to u?
 Furry Peacoat I've seen u bfore  sharp brunette hair, classic style. 2 handsome 2 b true. Can I see u everyday forever? prrr
 Yikes! If any human knows the whereabouts of Senator Hatfield RIGHT NOW, let him know we need him! (4 Art!)
 "The Top" Isawu strutting w/ur cute short blonde hair, cooking my food. I come there every friday...hopefully 1 of these days u'll notice me
 Cafe Vita Barista - Christine! Hopefully the next time i see u i order the right drink, as i was so taken w/ u that this morning i did not
 U were wheat pasting. My dog was insanely attracted 2 what u were up 2. U smiled at us. I enjoyed ur smile even if it was meant 4 the hound
 Bank Teller Goddess *SWOON* U r a vision of what's right in the world. I'm only  visiting. U make me feel like a 15 yr old boy again!
 RT  Want tickets to  Launch Party this Saturday? Tweet   to win two tickets!
 RT  Strangermart brings it with 50% off tickets to Viva Oz Vegas this weekend at the Triple Door. Print your ticket. http: ...
 Ducks in a row.
 walking away in slo mo, in a short skirt, w/ theme music, simply breathtaking & u turned & I can smell u from here. oh, my sweet Isabel
 
 ECCC We shared a smoke break on our minion shifts U had Moulder & Scully on ur arm I had Boba Fett. u seem pretty rad & I hope 2 see u again
 Shanghai Garden I was leaving & u smiled the most lovely smile. me: tall bearded fellow who, ran smack into the door after u smiled  him
 Odegaard Clark Kent? u: Circulation desk sitter w/Clark Kent glasses. Me: A regular, blondish hair. I would love to officially check u out!
 We had a moment on the dance floor  Remix.. u: golden arrow, me: magic bow (Little Richard reference, ya know?)
 I wont tell a lie/Mr. Cook Guy/I cant buy u a drink/but i'll get u off ur feet/Make  least 1 night O so sweet
 RT  Drunk of the Week: WANTED: Any and all information regarding my mysteriously broken right hip. 
 king county jail, 9LA - u had your hair tied up. i wish we could have talked, maybe we could hang out in the bigger jail or become penpals.
 619 Artwalk Caught eyes on 3rd floor, graffiti hall. Again by the lit bar. Was too embarrassed to say hi... find me. Curiosity is killing.
 Power Girl at EmeraldCity Comicon
 I wrote this song, & my friends demand that I give it to u. But I haven't seen u! The song is pretty entertaining, I hope it'll make ur day.
 u were wearing boyshorts & a plastic bag U ran out of Basic Plumbing as if the building was on fire Mind blown?Ur 100 meter dash made my day
 RT  Want to Make Out with   Send Off! 
 QA Laundry U were, washing a blanket - u said "When my blanket is dry I want to curl up in it", I thought "I want to curl up in it with you"
 Video Quest Me, overweight, perusing the out of date porn. U, reading the backs of sci-fi flicks. We made eye contact around Jurassic Park.
 me:moving rocks, u:gorgeous It was snowy  2.22, & i was helping friends. u walked by & our eye contact was the warmest thing id felt all day
 ISawU 3 yrs ago  Sea Animal Shelter. ur big brown eyes & 1 eyebrow won me over. We've been thru A LOT, but everyday I am so glad 2 b urs
 girl working  UO I was the guy way too stoked on cheap Insight jacket. u: super cute glasses & a pretty face. This jacket is big enough 4 2
 Bounce  Club Motor U: topless w/Orange hair Me (Hwood): mask, tie, looking like a chump. Couldn't take my eyes off u, bobbing w/music, sexy
 "i saw u" Screens on Thursday February 24 with "Perfect 10"  Cinema 
  poetry reading -  I'm sure u caught me sneaking a peak. I thought about composing a sonet to ur shakespeare-esque goatee
 I SAW U in The Stranger paper this week 2/16. Get the goods.
 W4W - monroe
 Plan that Wedding!  w/ a ton of experts to help you! Ask Away! 
 i miss you every day 
 I took the stairs 2 We caught each other's eye. U smoking a cig, me in a jean jacket. I looked back & u were watching me, made my day
 Small crust punk barista boy. Me: Shy girl waiting 4 coffee. We talked about freeganism & dumpstering baked goods. Want 2 talk about trains?
 All Your Valentines Are Here!
 RT  Savage Love: She Will Not Be Ignored 
 Quad-grande-vanilla-breve-latte--whip. was glad u 4got the vanilla so I had an excuse to come back. Maybe I can make a drink for u sometime?
 Two Guys, One Guitar: The gayest thing you've seen all day, and I mean that in the best possible way. 
 Valentine's Day Is One Week Away; Are You Celebrating With a Divorce? 
 DT nordstrom rack, thanks 4 confirming if the sandals were 'mom shoes'. my mom was all about them. i thought u were cute. drinks sometime?
 619 Western Wiggly Still Life - I am the art that holds up the walls. Could you do whatever is the opposite of making an exodus?
 Make him, her, or them blush with a FREE valentine in The Stranger! Deadline Tomorrow Feb 4th! 
 Helping my boss's ex move U were helping unload. Don't know ur name, ur situation, but thought u were cute, & would like a chance to meet u.
 Sharky I love u like an electric shock! till the wheels fall off & we're riding on rims. happy valentines! kisses w/love Von Mittens Kitten
 Valentine's Day Is Right Around the Corner; Don't Fuck it Up! 
 adrien my savior! Saved me from freezing 2death. I would love to show u my appreciation by taking u to bfast. I am eternally greatful! Dani
 U r the hottest girl Black clothes, red lipstick, smile that melts stone. We moshed during Spurm's set, shared champagne, then u disappeared
 MadPub Matt, u r so cute. I was reading & u came over to talk but ur friends left. U gave me a kiss on the cheek before u left. Coffee?
 Super geek u: velour tracksuit, camel toe
 I seen u walkin wit dat ass. BANGIN! Long black hair, tits everywhere. DAMN! I rolled by in my van. SWEET! What's yo deal, girl? GET AT ME!
 ELLIE IN OLY
 U gave me my jacket as I was leaving  It was a brief look but ur eyes were searching mine & I was jolted out of my headspace
 Mud Bay GW
 Bus stop 1/1 I bummed a cig & u showed me ur scar from NYE I would like to read ur writing & I'm confused about ur inspiration in New Jersey
 Bubble Tea I asked if u were leaving so I could take ur table, but I would have settled for ur heart. I'd like to trap u w/my charm
 Kai's U were on a date & I was at the bar. I was foolishly flailing around trying to get ur attention & u were trying hard not give it to me
 Adam Smokin' Hot EMT U rescued me when I had my traumatic incident  work. I am eternally grateful. I'd love to thank u in person-u know who
 U were buying a Mr. Roger's sweater w/a hole in it.I was bhind u in a awful flourescent jacket.Way to work a discount!Can I darn ur sweater?
 Tea  Perennial & soaking warm sunshine in the cold. I wanted 2 take ur picture but u were the 1 w/ the film. Will a 3rd meeting be warmer?
 Bartenderess at Al's When we speak I feel love in the air thicker than peanut butter. I dont want to b the tool that asks out the bartender.
 this ad is vague, u ride a blue bike & i've seen u for months now, u ride by & u make me smile. i wish for my heart u never ride by me again
 NYE EMP Sat next to u  the comedy club. Really wanted to talk to u but & i never got a chance. Wanna share some more laughs over a drink?
 Sarah of CH Shakespearean tragedy: NYE midnight kiss  the Sunset turns into lost phone  Will fortune smile on me again via u seeing this?
 slow,slow, quick-quick Thanks 4 the Xmas dance lesson & the nice waltz. Tractor square dancing was fun, but where were u? Let's dance again!
 We were  pine & 3rd. I smiled  the horse peeing, u smiled  the horse peeing. i felt like we had a moment, but u disappeared in2 the crowd
 Light Rail Sea-Tac to Sea. U were speaking French to ur mom. I bought a rose b/c I wanted to give it to u but, u got off. U're beautiful.
 Talking   Wholefoods Checkout
 Nitelite Couple U took us home. Beautiful girl w/dirty blonde hair. Him: Dark hair, good  pool. Us: Dark hair. We left something  ur place
 We talked about starting a Tacos/Ping Pong truck. So, u bring the van & I'll bring the tacos. All we need is a name; Crazy Ians Taco Bonanza
 U work  & resemble Joseph Gorden-Levitt. U r bhind the counter. I come w/a friend when I visit from PDX. I think u're cute.
 RT  Follow  for all the good bargains, hot deals, and elf pornography you can handle! (+special gifts) ht ...
 RT  NEW Savage Love: Sixy Jackoffpot 
 U're visiting ur brother, taking trains round the country. I'm swooning. Can we share another dance, before the empire builder takes u away?
 tiger handlebars u & ur bike rode light rail sunday. it didn't register that u were cute until it was 2 late. hopefully there's a next time.
 XXX DVD I asked if u wanted to watch a sexxxy movie. I picked us out a movie. I know u must still be thinking about it! let's watch 2gether
 Cliché in a Parisian Bookstore
 U welcome people on ur bus 242 like u r inviting them into ur home. I'm intrigued-if for some reason u r not wed, I'd love to meet 4 coffee!
 I was robbed; I want to thank everyone who helped getting my phone back. Special thank u to the guy who chased after him. I owe u a drink.
 Becca - you said I had nice legs, then got all embarrassed. that was adorable. want to get a drink sometime?
 I asked if u were going fishing & u said u were hanging Xmas lights... I was hungover, excuse the stupidity. If u're single, give me a holla
 Mammal Day museologist 
 U: Concerned about the price of a thrift store jacket. (I know it was insulated, but $25 is 2 much for 2nd-hand!) Wanna get a cup of coffee?
 U offered 2 kidnap me & ransom me back 2 my family & friends. When I returned 2 surrender, u were hanging on a bike rack. How about now?
 U: Walking down Broadway staring at ur shoes. Me: Also staring at my shoes. We have a lot in common. U're pretty. Too bad we didn't look up.
 RT  Savage Love: Gray Rights Now! 
 Sexy blonde HUMP worker
 an 'intelligent' woman: oh, susanna! I stare from afar as you play those keys. phat synth! I wanna buy you a beer. And have a cig with you.
 Our words were the sound of animals fighting, Matt Embree & our love 4 Circa. U had on a tan jacket & have long, lovely hair. Another show?
 i was sitting on a bench in cal anderson on 11/8 the piegons where eating cheesitz off my legs u said they must like me I wanna meet u again
 On Denny, u AWESOME dancing guy w/ sign board. U r the coolest. What were u listening to? Micheal Jackson? Stay golden, btw we r BFs now
 U stroll into Arabica & all I got to say to was "luchador". I wonder who u r, eres una luchadora? una amante? this is my first ISawU. u win.
 U were a Beatle & I danced w/lighting-bolt fists. I joined the lonely-hearts club band too, & I thought u were at the top of the cute-chart.
 U & ur friend in pink shirts (volunteers 4 elections?) xing 19th; u saw me stare & flashed a killer smile. Really endearing confidence there
 RT  Savage Love: Need to Know 
 I think u walked away w/my Max doll. He's very important to me . Please, if u have him, just return to the Tractor, no questions asked. Thnx
 Thanks 2u, if I ever turn a zombie, I will know what 2do. U r the writer. Im the dead wmn w/pearls. U make me laugh. Coffee? Liquor? Brains?
 U tapped my back & discovered we were both dressed as Rufio from Hook. U're awesome for dressing as him, let's meet for drinks sometime.
 B-boy  Island Vibes U were amazing, I was Dead Isaac Newton. I seriously want to dance w/u. I am a novice also fearless & eager to learn
 Please have dinner w/me before I leave for Paris in Jan. I eat meat now, so we can go anywhere u like. Come & watch me eat steak. I miss u.
 I am the guy that has enough courage to hold eyecontact w/u. I have a desire 4romance w/some1 but u ignore me. what u want is looking  u
 u playing scrabble w/ a bearded gentleman. u were drinking chimay & i caught u yawning. r u a free agent? i would like to play scrabble w/ u
 RT  Savage Love: Emission Accomplished 
 u were reading  Deluxe on 10/16. I complimented ur hair & bcame that person who bugs strangers while they'r reading. sorry make it up to u?
 RT  I, Anonymous: Times Are Tough 
 RT  Win Tickets to Of Montreal! over  --> 
 Girl Sunday  Picasso Exhibit  every turn I kept seeing u. Picasso only got 75% of my attention That's OK. But u only got 25% That's not OK
 Police Beat: What Should You Do if a Stranger Offers to Help You with a Task that You're Doing Alone Just Fine? 
 U pale red owl. me tall night panther. we danced in a parking lot & took pics of the lights, smoked cigs & drank from a bottle. must find u
 Jody Hall is meeting Obama today! She's giving a speech about woman & the economy. Come by for Obama's favorite Salted Carmel 
 my favorite hypochondriac & Stranger reading buddy - I miss having weekly coffee with u & seeing our cute "best friend" in Starbucks! Te amo
 RT  Savage Love App 1.1: Now with a picture of Dan himself! 
 RT  Savage Love: Double Trouble 
 U were the 1st to read. I enjoyed ur piece about France & I wanted to tell u so. U were also tremendously cute, but that's a separate issue.
 U were the sexy brunette in the short red dress w/ those long shapely legs. UR moves & curves on the dance floor intimidated me.
 The brave soul who said, "Are you single? You are beautiful" I bet you are as nice as ur voice. Me: completely caught off guard. I am single
 U cruised me hard enough to make the old lady at the bus stop say, "That's just SICK" I would rub all over u to show her what sick really is
  turned 2 a movie set at close. My trio decided to cause trouble & pretend to be extras. U were one & a hot roller derby ref.
 U2 cute dudes were working  Elliot Bay, discussing the relative merits of Pumpkin & Sweet Potato pies. Would love to hear the final verdict
 RT  Savage Love: In Your Image 
 i saw u order that dble 8 oz. americano & get that arrested development question correct. i love that big poodle & also the way u walk it.
 She is elfin, mischievous & drop dead gorgeous. Tomboyish, about 63 percent gay. Find the girl with the rainbow belt. I dare you.
 Doubt u will read this, pretty sure my co-workers are the only ones who do (no offense-I've joined u). Any chance of drinking 2gether again?
 u feed me, snuggle me, & surely miss me. me - short white hair, 13 lbs, yellow eyes, best cat in the world! can't find my way home! Ballard
 RT  Savage Love: Make It Better 
 U brought up my favorite topic, cats. U surely know the way 2 my heart. Travel with me 2 ancient Egypt where we can live like Cat Goddesses.
 Feierabend- A guy called Robin who likes good music, is kinda cute & makes me laugh. Maybe we could share a liter of something tasty & talk?
 I want to feed u mouthfuls of water. To practice unconventional hand holding & count every freckle on ur face. With you, Life Is Glamorous.
 U were outside reading the last page of ur book. I was on the inside behind u reading with u. Lets read the last pages of our books 2gether!
 Missed the stupid bus U didnt take the 8 this week & it was ON TIME!
 U were sitting alone on the bus, wearin' that fine 'stache of urs. Just wanted to let u know that u can grow some quality facial hair.
 Ive seen ur art displayed & luv it. U have drk curly hair & a beautiful tattoo of ur dad. Im just the grl that fell in-luv with u 2 yrs ago.
 Yer smashing - You and I both know a 8 oz. soy vanilla latte is more than 3 dollars. Yer smashing. Want to go to Smash Putt?
 SL Letter of the Day: You Joined 'Em Together, You Can Put 'Em Asunder 
 U almost fell off the 43 & right into my arms while getting off. I reached forward to help & we had this cool second of smiling eye contact.
 RT  Give 'Em Hope: It Gets Better 
 Are u a Lawyer? U seem to have an unending talent for negotiation. Maybe a contract specialist? I'd say let's make a deal and meet offline
 I Saw U's in the paper this week, go pick up The Stranger, please.
 RT  Savage Love: Dan creates a YouTube change for LGBT youth 
 U made my mind explode. Would have followed u to give u an absurd amount of flowers, but was late. Me: dark hair, blue eyes & waiting.
 RT  Today The Stranger Suggests: The 2010 Stranger Genius Awards at The Moore Theatre with Shabazz Palaces!   ...
 You made me look twice, and think trice. I make you a salad, I make you a sandwitch.i wish I could make you cum. But you don't tip...
 Got on the bus 2gether & got off 2gether. I worked up the guts 2 talk 2 u, & we had a short, wonderful chat for a block. Meet for a coffee?
 i was happy to find myself bhind u. u have all the qualities i look for in my crowd partners; short, cute & energetic.  grab a drink?
 RT  It's Hump Day! Have You Started Your HUMP! Film Yet? 
 I said,
 I saw u & I loved u. The way u shoved potatoes in ur mouth, how u teased me how I didnt have a sailor hat, how we kissed in the antique mall
 I was high off my ass at cal anderson sitting with some friends friday.  I yelled that I was a lesbian. U yelled back "me too."
 You: trying to safely secure 12 eggs on the rack of ur bike. Me: suggested u not go off jumps. Did you make it home with all 12 eggs intact?
 New Success Story thanks to Lovelab! 
 RT  Want tickets to RATATAT tomorrow at Showbox SoDo?  Tweet RATATAT  to win!
 you: meandering through the farmers market. i like that you always bring a backpack, choose the variety bag of potatoes & the right bouquet
 I regaled you with amazing stories of buying my roommate's cat a water dish. Despite all odds, you were interested. I have better stories.
 I was waiting for the bus. U walked up & asked me about my pool cue case, said it was snazzy. I was caught off guard by ur accent & beauty.
 I Saw U is in print this week! Pick up The Stranger!
 RT  New Savage Love: Roommates, My mistress, maple syrup, & IPhones 
 You specifically "attacked" me during the last song of the Thermals show. I hope to run into you again both literally and figuratively.
 Helping elderly woman with her produce. You had patience and a smile on your face. It was nice to see. You are a good egg.
 You of the silver chariot who gave to me your french fries at closed Dick's. Thank you for being sweet to a tipsy, famished, femme fatale.
 SL Letter of the Day: Evidence of Absence 
 RT  Savage Love on your iPhone - CNET News: 
 I was enjoying a smoke & you asked to take my photo. You wanted a photo of me smoking while sitting on a no smoking sign. It made my day.
 Entry/Exit of Ballard Fred Meyer. You are so far out of my league it barely even worth mentioning. I just thought you deserved a fan letter.
 Sitting across the country, missing the boo of my heart. Virtual indian buffet?
 RT  Savage Love: Ken and Ben 
 We met you at SAM Remix Friday night. We had a great drawing session under the stars collaborating on what I believe was a masterpiece.
 You deserve an I Saw U. You are a stunningly beautiful barista, full of poise & grace. I always hope that you are working. Signed, A Regular
 you walked down my street, singing in big glasses & smiling. i took a break from folding laundry & a dolly parton movie to look & smile back
 you have the best arms on the planet. your anecdotes change my life. i love your new glasses. you always notice my pearl button down shirts.
 RT  Savage Is Answering Your Questions Right Now! 
 RT  I want to get SLAPP! The Savage Love Android App! Sign up to be notified when the SLAPP is ready for download... ht ...
 RT  Drunk of the Week: Write the best Limerick & choose where Kelly O finds her next Drunk! 
 Half-Man/Half-Teen Wolf at Miro Tea... I'd totally get lost in the woods with you!
 Lunchtime Quickie: Today in Fashion 
 You had these strange shoes on and I asked about them. It'd be cool to talk to you... Perhaps a walk with your über comfy shoes?
 You drive the  in the morning on weekdays. You are so hot, you make this straight girl blush.
 We met we chatted, there was chemistry. I will need all the supplements I can get to stay strong after meeting you.  I was taken with you.
 I can't help but crush on the bus, and you were a quite noticeable bus crush. Anyways, I should learn to talk to girls on the bus? Unlikely.
 Redhead at Tutta Bella: Despite the line out the door, and tons of asshole customers, you kept your cool and looked incredible doing it.
 So I have decided my favorite color is red, the warmth in your presence and the taste of sweetness from your lips.
 I handed you your pay check every other week, avoided you the rest of the time because my crush was inappropriate since we worked together.
 I appreciated the flashlight. If it had been any other context, I would have offered to buy you a beer/coffee/tea 8/20 
 The Stranger's I Saw U's, always online at 
