 Happy Birthday to everyone born in August! What are you doing for your special day?
 Sunday? More like Funday! See you all in the park today!
 We still have plenty of summer birthdays to celebrate! Reserve your Raging Waters birthday party today! - 
 Do you hold your nose when you jump into water?
 Got a group of 15 or more? Schedule a group event in advance and save! - 
 Get the latest news, promotions and a chance to win 2 day tickets just for joining our E-Club! - 
 The Slow Mo Guys vs the giant red water balloon. Who will win this epic battle? - 
 It's a hot day and you want to cool off, what kind of drink do you reach for?
 Lounge in style this weekend with your own private cabana! You can reserve yours here: - 
 Why settle for the same old company picnic? Schedule a Raging Waters event the whole company will be talking about! - 
 Does your weekend forecast leave room for water slides and swimming pools?
 So many new super hero movies lately! Which superhero do you think deserves a movie but hasn't gotten one yet?
 Never leave a friend behind! Our group events make sure everyone gets a piece of the fun at Raging Waters! - 
 What was your favorite water toy growing up?
 Happy Fourth of July! Please celebrate your freedom responsibly.
 This is why no one likes that kid in the squirt gun fight who grabs the garden hose. Happy summer everyone! - 
 Happy Birthday to everyone born in July! What are you doing on your special day?
 Wow! Incredible sand sculptures in Portugal. I think the dragon is really impressive. Which is your favorite? - 
 Bringing the whole gang? Rent a Cabana and relax in the shade between rides and slides! - 
 If Dr. VonDark (creator of the Tunnel of Terror) had a super hero nemesis, who would it be?
 Corgi + Sprinkler + Polka Music = Worlds best stress relief. I dare you not to laugh - 
 Every season has its own music. What songs always remind you of summer?
 Don't be selfish! Bring the whole family with you because groups of 15 or more get special rates!
 Argh, sunglasses are too easy to lose! Do you lose yours all the time? I hate it when that happens.
 Even guinea pigs need to beat the head sometimes. Stay cool out there everyone! - 
 Saving money is the name of the game in this economy. Our season passes pay for themselves in 2 visits! - 
 We need some tips, do you have any secret weapons to protect your hair from chlorine?
 WHOA! A real life mermaid? I wonder how hard it is to swim with that tail on: - 
 Don't skip work for Raging Waters, bring work TO Raging Waters with our Corporate Consignment Tickets! - 
 Hello to all our Season Pass holders! Will we be seeing you this weekend?
 We have a lot going on this summer! Stay up to date with our E-News letter - 
 Rides are more fun with friends. Take advantage of our group deals and bring the whole gang!
 You still have plenty of summer left to use your season pass to the fullest!
 How do you know the kids had a good time at Raging Waters? They sleep quietly the whole ride home!
 Happy Birthday to all the June babies out there!
 Nothing settles a score like a lilly pad race - 
 Summer is here, are you ready for some serious fun at Raging Waters? - 
 Between 70%-75% of the Earths surface is covered in water. The luckiest drops get to go down our slides all summer!
 Come on in, the water is fine! join us this weekend and make a splash!
 Water parks are fun even without the water! - 
 Riding the Flowrider takes serious skill, this guy has had some practice - 
 Back before she dominated twitter and awards shows, Lady Gaga graced Raging Waters with this performance. - 
 Did you know a healthy person can drink up to 3 gallons of water a day? Just don't do it while on the slides please.
 What are you looking forward to most about Summer?
 What a great opening day! We're looking forward to a great season!
 Opening day is finally here! See you all on the slides!
 Today is your last chance to get season passes before Opening Day tomorrow!
 Happy Mother's Day to Moms everywhere! We love you!
 How much fun is your commute home? - 
 Can you match these Flowrider skills? - 
 Happy Birthday to everyone born in May!
 We open in two weeks! Are you ready for some watery fun?
 Season passes are a great way to save on a summer of fun! - 
 Isn't it everyone's dream to have a water slide from your bedroom to the pool outside?
 Have you tried Dr. Von Darks Tunnel of Terror? Or are you scared of the dark?
 Water slides that use inflated tubes VS water slides that don't. Which do you prefer?
 You must be at least THIS scared to ride this waterslide - 
 Make your birthday a Raging success, celebrate at Raging Waters! - 
 We have attractions for all ages. From our activity and wave pools to terrifying water slides.
 Have you tamed the dragon in our Dragon's Den ride? He's pretty fierce
 Our season passes pay for themselves in just two visits. - 
 Happy Birthday to everyone born in April!
 Don't get your swim trunks out just yet, the water is still warming up!
 When the sprinkler in the yard gets boring, we'll be here for you. Get your season passes now! - 
 Swim suit? Check. Goggles? Check. Towel? Check. Just waiting on you, summer!
 Do you have a school of little fishies to entertain? Use our group rates to save a bundle! - 
 It's officially spring! That means the fun at Raging Water is getting close!
 Happy St. Patrick's day! Don't forget to wear some green!
 What are you doing for spring break? Have any warm plans?
 Swimming and sliding with all your friends just got cheaper. Check our site for group rates! - 
 Don't worry, you still have plenty of time to plan out which slides you will go on first. Think about it and tell us your first pick.
  One old sled + one brave employee = a trip to the first aid station. Or would in theory, no one was brave enough to try
 FYI: frozen water slides do not make good tobogan runs. Don't ask how we know.
 It WILL get warm everyone, we promise! Stay toasty!
 Season passes are on SALE so plan ahead! Get 'em now and be ready for summer! - 
 LA Travel and Sightseeing Guide  don't forget to check out Raging Waters!
 Enjoy the final days of the Season with a coupon  www.myragingwaters.com/rw107 Last Day is Sept  12
 Want a great way to end a day at Raging Waters? Get some ice cream & follow  to enter for a year of ice cream & specials!
 This Weekend Everyone should head to Raging Waters with www.myragingwaters.com/rw107
 Raging Waters, California's Largest Waterpark is only open for a few more weeks! cpn    Enjoy!
 LA Travel and Sightseeing Guide  don't forget to check out Raging Waters!
 Want a great way to end a day at Raging Waters? Get some ice cream & follow  to enter for a year of ice cream & specials!
 Did everyone enjoy their weekend?!?!
 Is Everyone Excited to go to the Waterpark This Weekend?!?!?!
   Yeah Raging Waters! Be sure to check out coupon code at   and Promo Code 1077
 LA Travel and Sightseeing Guide  don't forget to check out Raging Waters!
 Is Everyone enjoying the middle of the week?
 It's Hot Hot Hot, come cool down at Raging Waters! Use promo code 1078 for $7 off tix online!
 CLICK FOR DETAILS >>  Save $7 on general admission tickets when you purchase tickets online with our... << PLEASE RT
   Great Idea! Be sure look  www.myragingwaters.com/rw1077 or promo code 1077
   Raging Waters!!! be sure to check out www.myragingwaters.com/rw1077 or promo code 1077
 Want a great way to end a day at Raging Waters? Get some ice cream & follow  to enter for a year of ice cream & specials!
 RT    $7 off general admission online purchase OR $5 off a ticket purchase at the park:  
 Hope Everyone had a Great Monday!
   Be sure to take a coupon when you head to California's Largest Waterpark  www.myragingwaters.com/rw1077
  California's Largest Waterpark of Coarse!! and be sure to take www.myragingwaters.com/rw1077
  It's over 100 degrees right now! Great time to take a coupon and head down! www.myragingwaters.com/rw1077
  Be sure to take a coupon when you head to California's Largest Waterpark  www.myragingwaters.com/twit1
  California's Largest Waterpark of Coarse!! and be sure to take www.myragingwaters.com/twit1
 Congrats  on winning our RT contest. Check your DM for more info. Thank you everyone for participating!! Good luck next time :)
 Announcing Friday's RT contest winner soon!
 RT  YAY! Still time   $7 off general admission online purchase OR $5 off a ticket purchase at the park:  htt ...
  hope to see you there! use your coupon when you go :) 
  don't forget to use our coupon when you go! 
  its been pretty warm lately so you should go sometime this week! don't forget to use our coupon! 
  How did You spend your weekend?
  and coupon weather!  www.myragingwaters.com/rw1078 or promo code 1078
  And Be sure to use www.myragingwaters.com/rw1078 or promo code 1078 for a Deal!
  Looking for a Deal to California's Largest Waterpark?! Check Out www.myragingwaters.com/rw1078
 Did Everyone Enjoy the weekend?!
 RT contest, winner will be chosen on Monday:   for a chance to win a PAIR OF TICKETS!
 RT  Coupons for Waterparks?? Yes,..      
 Last chance to use the special offer coupon, get it here and head to the park this weekend! 
 Raging Waters is your place for a Daycation!
 Best Los Angeles tour guide info  ask for a tour to Raging Waters!
  Congrats! You Just Won a Pair Of SEASON PASSES!!!
 RT  For Raging Waters, you can also use promo code 1060 when buying tickets for the water park online.
  That will be this year through Sep
 We still have a bunch of season passes to give away  RT this and get a chance to win!!!
 Discounts4Fun How about some tickets 2    ? Coming soon! RT 2 spread the word
 RT  There is still time 2 check out  Get $7 off online purchases or $5 off at the gate 
 Tickets to the park are being given away now! Check out 
 RT  How about some tickets 2    ? Coming soon! RT 2 spread the word
 40 more followers = free tickets, lets give some away today!
 Have you surfed in shark-less waters yet?  Come check out Flowrider today!
 Best Los Angeles tour guide info  ask for a tour to Raging Waters!
 $7 off deal is stilling going on, this is the last week! Hope you make it to the park :)
 RT  There is still time 2 check it out  ! Get $7 off online purchases or $5 off at the gate w/ coupon! http: ...
 Win Free Ice Cream for a year from Cold Stone Creamery SoCal!  Follow  to enter and get specials!
 RT  Had so much fun  :)
  What About California's Largest Waterpark for your Bday?!
 Hey Fans! Did Everyone have fun  ??
 Raging Waters Fans! Did you know That the Weather Is Going To Be Great for California's Largest Waterpark This Weekend! 
  Raging Waters?
 RT  Check out  ! Go to the following link for $7 off online purchases or $5 off at the gate with coupon! h ...
  You Bet! www.myragingwaters.com/so605
 RT  RT this for some tickets! 1000 = ticket give-a-ways!!!
 RT  TOP PICK -  - Save $7 on general admission tickets when you purcha... (via  <-- He ...
  visit www.myragingwaters.com/so605 for a sweet cpn
  Looking for A Deal? Be sure to visit www.myragingwaters.com/so605
 Click For Details >>  111 Raging Waters Dr, San Dimas, CA 91773
 Check out our coupon at  !! So many great deals!
  www.myragingwaters.com/so605
 RT this for some tickets! 1000 = ticket give-a-ways!!!
 LA tours with personal attention and free pickup from your hotel, request a stop at Raging Waters! 
 Hey Raging Waters Fans! Summer is Going By Fast! Take advantage of All your Opportunities to Go to California's Largest Waterpark! w/ a cpn!
 Contest Happening on Facebook!
 Win Free Ice Cream for a year from Cold Stone Creamery SoCal!  Follow  to enter and get specials!
  SO Cool! Be sure to not Pay Full Price!
  Check out California's Largest Waterpark With a COUPON  www.myragingwaters.com/so605
  Sweet! Be sure to take www.myragingwaters.com/so605
 Check out this Sanitation Report: 
 Want a tour guide on your trip to LA? See LA culture, tour Hollywood, & make sure to check out Raging Waters on the way! 
 Want some tix 2 the park?? Become a fan of Discounts4fun on FB 4 a chance 2 win! 
  Flattery will get you everywhere. Thanks!!!
 Live too far from the beach? Have a beach-like experience at Raging Waters Wave Cove. Some of the waves can reach up to 3-ft waves.
 Check out our new blog post featuring our video of the week! 
 Win Free Ice Cream for a year from Cold Stone Creamery SoCal!  Follow  to enter and get specials!
 It's a sunny 79 degrees outside. I would love to ride on Amazon Adventures here at Raging Waters on a day like today
  Sweet! Be sure to Check out the coupon  www.myragingwaters.com/so605
  I hope that you do have fun!!! Tell us about your trip later
  Great Idea! Be sure not to Pay Full Price! www.myragingwaters.com/so605
  It will Be FUN! Be sure to take www.myragingwaters.com/so605 to $ave!
  Looking for ways to Save! 
 RT  Heading out 2 Raging Waters this week?...Don't 4get your discount coupon ►►► 	
  It Will Be! Be sure to take a coupon  www.myragingwaters.com/so605
 Did anyone visit Raging Waters this weekend? If so, let us know!
 Good morning, everyone! I hope that you had a great weekend!
 RT   here I come.
  Sweet! Be Sure to Bring a Coupon  www.myragingwaters.com/so605
 How Much Fun Did Everyone have at the park?!
 RT  1000 followers = ticket give-a-ways, getting closer :)
 RT  because 1000 FOLLOWERS = TICKET GIVEAWAYS!!! cpn  www.myragingwaters.com/so605
 LA tours with personal attention and free pickup from your hotel, request a stop at Raging Waters! 
 1000 followers = ticket giveaways!!! Let's GO
  Be sure to take a COUPON  www.myragingwaters.com/so605
  Be sure to grab a COUPON  www.myragingwaters.com/so605
 RT  Raging Waters Printable Coupon $7.00 Off General Admission (San Dimas CA): If you are a Southern Californi... http:/ ...
 RT FRIDAY  1000 Followers = Ticket Giveaway! Let's GO cpn  www.myragingwaters.com/so605
 RT  Summer Deal Raging Waters in Los Angeles - $7 Off & Los Angeles Tours 
  Be sure to grab a COUPON  www.myragingwaters.com/so605
  SOUNDS Like Your'e Going to have a GREAT DAY! Be sure to grab a COUPON  www.myragingwaters.com/so605
  That's mine too! Be sure to grab a COUPON  www.myragingwaters.com/so605
 RT  I really had fun in  <3<3<3
  We've Missed you Too! Be sure to grab a COUPON  www.myragingwaters.com/so605
  GOOD CHOICE! Be sure to grab a COUPON  www.myragingwaters.com/so605
  Did you remember to take a cpn  www.myragingwaters.com/so605
  Be sure to grab a COUPON  www.myragingwaters.com/so605
 Check out our coupon at  !! So many great deals!
  Be sure to grab a COUPON  www.myragingwaters.com/so605
 RT  Take the family to Raging Waters in San Dimas and use this coupon to save $7 off admission! www.myragingwaters.com/rw1 ...
 RT  At  doing another casting call for Cartoon Network's Hole in the Wall!
  Only $30 with this Cpn... Take enough for everyone! www.myragingwaters.com/so605
 RT  because 1000 FOLLOWERS = TICKET GIVEAWAYS!!! cpn  www.myragingwaters.com/so605
 RT   Follow Friday! Be sure sure to follow  1000 followers = ticket give-a-ways, let's go!    ...
  Raging Waters! California's Largest Waterpark! and Be sure to check out our SPECIAL OFFER! www.myragingwaters.com/so605
 Follow Friday! Be sure sure to follow  1000 followers = ticket give-a-ways, let's go!
  Be sure to bring  for you and your family.
  
 RT   Check out the CA Water Park Savings at   
  1000 followers = ticket give-a-ways, getting closer :)
 Want a tour guide on your trip to LA? See LA culture, tour Hollywood, & make sure to check out Raging Waters on the way! 
  1000 followers = ticket give-a-ways, let's go!
  It doesn't cost that much with a coupon! www.myragingwaters.com/so605
 Facebook Contest happening... RIGHT NOW!!!
 Enjoy the Heat by bringing your friends and family to plummet in the mist-shrouded abyss of the Dragon!
 RT  1000 followers = ticket give-a-ways, let's go!
 RT   Check out the CA Water Park Savings at   
  7 bucks off Raging Waters tix!  
 RT  1000 followers = ticket give-a-ways, let's go!
  thanks! hahaha
  Glad to hear that!
 RT  Raging Waters Coupon for $7 off General Admission  or Wild Rivers $5 off 
 Congratulations J_Malibu! You've won a free Pizza Hut pizza. And for everyone else, 
 RT  Raging waters was great!!:)
 RT  Best day ever at raging waters :)
 RT  HAD LOTS OF FUN IN RAGING WATERS W/ MY FRIENDS JAVIER ND ANDREW ND GOT TANNED AGAIN
  Check out California's Largest Waterpark!  There's a cpn
 Answer correctly and U may win a free Pizza Hut pizza! Which ride tests your coordination and balance as you work your way across a lagoon?
 Contest Coming up!!!
  Nice
  Tell them you have a cpn for $7 
 If you are a speed demon, you should try our Ragin' Racer ride!
  Awesome! That's great to know. I hope that you come back soon
  Sweet!
 RT   all of them!
  I'm glad that you visited us. Did you enjoy yourself?
  Thanks for visiting. I hope that you had fun. What was your favorite ride?
 Did anyone visit Raging Waters this weekend? If so, let us know!
  Yeah we DO!
 It's Monday already, but I hope that all of you Raging Waters fans had a great weekend!
 Tomorrow at the park is Hole In The Wall auditions, don't miss out!!!
  Yeahh Raging Waters! Be Sure to take a cpn  to California's Largest Waterpark!!!
  Cool, We are soo glad to hear!
  Here's our limited time offer! 
  Cool check out our special offer  
 Did Everyone check Facebook to see who won?!
  WOHOO! Alrighty, remember one of these  it's a cpn
  YEAH! 
  We are SOO EXCITED! Take one of these for everyone 
  cool grab a cpn  
  So Sweet! Take this cpn 
  The Weather will Be Awesome!  Take this coupon for everyone :)
  you should go! the weathers great and so is this limited time offer 
  Wohoo!  there's a special offer
  be sure to let us know what a GREAT Time you had and take 
  Definitely Go to California's Largest Waterpark! and Save with 
  Great! take this  and save!
 Contest winner being announced on Facebook!
  Cool! Be sure to bring this cpn  for Savings
  Consider how Awesome the Weather is!  and the COUPON
  Do take one of these: 
 RT  RT   Get $7 off general admission to Raging Waters! Print your coupons at  ...
  Be sure to let us know  How great it is AND don't forget a cpn 
  COOOL
  Awesome! Be sure to take 
  So does Raging Waters! Take this next time you go 
  Woohoo!  Hope u got $7 off today!
  Thats awesome! make sure to take your coupons 
   We'll be there too! take ur cpn 
  LETS DO IT!!! its totally affordable with this 
  That sounds cool!
   We're excited and we can't hide it too! 
  I agree! 
   That's a great birthday present! Happy bday to your bro! use our discount 
  Yes we are! 
  I'm excited for you! Take ur cpn  
   That's cool! See you there! Take your discount! 
   Wahooooooooo! 
   Can't wait to see you guys here! 
  Sweet! 
  Thats awesome! Are you getting your $7 off coupon? 
  Wow thats a lot of people going!  make sure to take this coupon to the park! 
 Perfect waves every time? Experience FLOWRIDER at Raging Waters. Dont believe us? Watch 
 If you haven't made any plans to visit us this weekend, now is the time to do it! It's going to be a hot one!
  Thanks! Come back and see us again!!
  Get $7 off general admission to Raging Waters! Print your coupons at 
 Did Everyone See the Video of the Week!  
 RT  RT  The contest is fully working check it out  Free Season Passes for the Winner!!!
 RT   We all had a blast at  in San Dimas!
 The contest is fully working check it out  Free Season Passes for the Winner!!!
 Special Contest Coming SOON!
  how can we contact you?
       Take this: 
    Grab a cpn when you head down to California's Largest Waterpark! 
 WHO'S EXCITED FOR THIS CONTEST COMING UP!?!?!?
  Take a cpn w u to Raging Waters!!! 
  We're excited too! Here you are 
  Wohoo Good weather too! 
  YEAHH Raging Waters! Be sure to take 
  Go there 
  You're going to be tired! here you go! 
  Awesome! this should help 
  cool don't forget 
  cool now coupon needs to be happening 
 Raging Waters Fans did you here about contest we have coming up?!
  Trying to avoid weekend crowds? good choice! Here's a great choice: 
  How can we contact you?
  Don't forget a cpn  
  Hey kiddo have you tried 
  Take one of these: 
  Take this: 
 3 Day Contest coming soon! Stay tuned for more info!
  cool! 
  cpn  
  Great Choice! 
  Raging Waters!  It's California's Largest Waterpark!
  Looking for a cool deal? 
 Hey Raging Waters Fans! Have you All Tried Dr. Von Dark's Tunnel of Terror?!
 This is the LAST Week to use the SPECIAL OFFER: 
 Hey Raging Waters Fans! Be sure to check out our new coupon  
 Congrats  We love that Dr. Von Dark's Tunnel of Terror is your Favorite! You just won a free Juice it Up Smoothie!!!
 RT    Raging Racers is my all time favorite i can get some mean air as i am going down the slides feels like i ...
  Wohoo!
 Tell us all about your favorite ride  and We'll pick the best and give them a free JUICE IT UP Smoothie around noon!
  cool ... check out our bio for a cpn
  Yeahhh! Don't forget to take a coupon!
  My favorite place!
  Take a coupon and head down to California's Largest Waterpark!
  Sweet!
  Always!
  Get ready for a great time, and take a cpn
  Great Choice! Take a cpn
  YEAH!
  Cool Grab a cpn...
  Sweet! Take a cpn!
  Enjoy! Grab a coupon!
  You must be having a great time!
  COOL Have Fun!
  Have a Blast and take a cpn
 Tell us all about your favorite ride  and We'll pick the best and give them a free JUICE IT UP Smoothie around noon!
  AWESOME! We love it when guests have fun on our Newest Ride!
  Yeah! Be sure to take a cpn and keep going to California's Largest Waterpark!
 Raging Waters Fans... Who has survived the Dr. Von Dark's Tunnel of Terror?
 SPECIAL OFFER for LIMITED TIME: 
 Check out the Video of the Week! - 
 Congrats karla_godoy! You won a free Pizza Hut pizza... Be sure to check out the Events page for a complete listings...
 Here's a Hint... 
 Be 1st to answer correctly 4 a chance to win a free Pizza Hut pizza! On what channel does the show HOLE IN THE WALL appear?
 Contest... Who's Ready?!?!?
  We are SOOO happy you are joining us!
  Cool! We are so EXCITED You're coming!
 Ready for a Contest?!
 Who says dragons don't exist? Come visit RAGING WATER'S Dragon's Den!!!
 Interested in winning a free Nirve bike? 
 Contest coming up soon!
  Cool take a coupon  
  Excellent!  Take this coupon!
  or come to the hugest Waterpark  in CA with this coupon!
  Head down to California's Largest Waterpark Located in San Dimas:  there's a coupon!
 Come to RAGING WATERS this SATURDAY, JULY 31, and try out to be on the hit show HOLE IN THE WALL. 
 Contest coming shortly!!
  Make sure you take one of these: 
  COOL 
  go again! here's a coupon 
  Good Choice  taking one of these is a better Choice :)
  Here's a coupon 
  yeah you are!  take one
  better take  on Sunday!
  Awesome!  for next time!
  Raging Waters! 
  Printable coupon available at 
  be sure to take 
 Who's ready for a contest?
  Head over and be sure to take 
   that'll be fun! and Saturday is the last day to take this special offer!
  Yeah! Take a coupon  or 
 Is everyone ready for the contest coming up????
  Be sure to take one of these: 
  WOAH! Have a good one! and don't forget to take the coupon! 
  Have a great day!  there's our limited time offer!
  Yeah  Raging Waters! Grab a coupon: 
  wohoo! 
  Grab a coupon!  there you go!
  We are Too!  take a coupon
  Raging Waters!!!  there's a special offer
  SOUNDS GREATS!  Be sure to use this coupon!
  YIPEE!  cpn
  yeah! grab a coupon  and head down to Raging Waters!
  Grab a cpn  and head down!
 Contest coming today!
 Here it is! Our VIDEO OF THE DAY!!! Enjoy! 
 Are you afraid of the dark? I hope not. Come visit us and try our new ride DR. VON DARK'S TUNNEL OF TERROR!!!
 Hey everyone! It's 68 degrees in San Dimas right now. I hope that you are all doing well on this hazy day.
 Waterpark Fans, This is the LAST Week to use the SPECIAL OFFER: 
  Be sure to take a coupon!  and head down California's Largest Waterpark
  Be sure to head over to RAGING WATERS!  there's a cpn!!!
  Take a cpn  
   You should, there's a cpn
  SWEET!
   Raging Waters! For SURE... plus it's nearly 1/3 the price
  Almost 1/3 the price with 
 Did everyone get a chance to go to Raging Waters?!?!
 SPECIAL OFFER for LIMITED TIME: 
 Special Offer! $7 Off General Admission to Raging Waters! Go to myragingwaters.com/607 to printout your coupon!
 SPECIAL OFFER for LIMITED TIME: 
 Special Offer! $7 Off General Admission to Raging Waters! Go to myragingwaters.com/607 to printout your coupon!
 Special Offer going on this month Only! Check it out and Head Over! 
  see you at Raging Waters 
 Happy Birthday to everyone born in August! What are you doing for your special day?
 Sunday? More like Funday! See you all in the park today!
 We still have plenty of summer birthdays to celebrate! Reserve your Raging Waters birthday party today! - 
 Do you hold your nose when you jump into water?
 Got a group of 15 or more? Schedule a group event in advance and save! - 
 Get the latest news, promotions and a chance to win 2 day tickets just for joining our E-Club! - 
 The Slow Mo Guys vs the giant red water balloon. Who will win this epic battle? - 
 It's a hot day and you want to cool off, what kind of drink do you reach for?
 Lounge in style this weekend with your own private cabana! You can reserve yours here: - 
 Why settle for the same old company picnic? Schedule a Raging Waters event the whole company will be talking about! - 
 Does your weekend forecast leave room for water slides and swimming pools?
 So many new super hero movies lately! Which superhero do you think deserves a movie but hasn't gotten one yet?
 Never leave a friend behind! Our group events make sure everyone gets a piece of the fun at Raging Waters! - 
 What was your favorite water toy growing up?
 Happy Fourth of July! Please celebrate your freedom responsibly.
 This is why no one likes that kid in the squirt gun fight who grabs the garden hose. Happy summer everyone! - 
 Happy Birthday to everyone born in July! What are you doing on your special day?
 Wow! Incredible sand sculptures in Portugal. I think the dragon is really impressive. Which is your favorite? - 
 Bringing the whole gang? Rent a Cabana and relax in the shade between rides and slides! - 
 If Dr. VonDark (creator of the Tunnel of Terror) had a super hero nemesis, who would it be?
