 I just left a comment in "Do We Need More Than the Name Virtual Assistant?" 
 RT  The NFL Lockout is over!  (Finally!)
  Thanks for sharing. Love   
 Did you know? 
 Just when I'm ready to head to the pool...here come the clouds.
 Absolutely loving  , just wish I could invite some of my friends to see how awesome it is too. :(
  Thanks for follow friday shout out and the RT yesterday!
  Thanks for yesterday's RT! It's always very much appreciated!
  Thanks for checking in! Yes, it came back last night and worked great all day! Really appreciate your help yesterday.
  I want to see that ("stupid hot") written on the weather map during your broadcast. ;) 
  Thanks for the  RT! 
  My internet was down yesterday, but the pool is still calling my name. :)
 I want to thank   &  Tiffiany for their recent RT's while I was struggling with tech issues. :)
 Help me decide what attendees of the  webinar get in celebration of my birthday. 
  Thank you! You saved me from disconnecting my wifi hotspot on my phone to get that info. I appreciate it.
  Thanks a bunch!
  hope it feels better soon. Meds are a good thing. On the plus side, I'm getting lots of NFL lockout updates from you. :)
  hmmm, but where? I'm running from my cell phone wifi hotspot and I couldn't find it in the support section. (how's the knee?)
 wondering if there is a way to find out if  internet is having issues in my area w/o having to sit on the phone w/support
 Ok, what's the deal with Thursdays and tech/internet issues? Second week in a row I've had some sort of tech problem. Really?!
 Why You Should Re-think That Low-Cost Virtual Assistant 
 Are you a virtual assistant wondering if your setting your rates correctly? Are you charging what you're really worth? 
 RT  I can't be alone: Anyone else keep clicking on the peep in the hole icon on Google+ thinking it's Circles? (umm..yeah.)
  Thanks a bunch!
 20+ Great Geeky Posters For Your Office [PICS]   RT 
 Why You Shouldn’t Hire Your Virtual Assistant on Guru.com 
 RT  Selling Information 
  &  thanks for the RT's!
 E-textbooks are destroying the old publishing business model  via 
  I've been away from work for two weeks & that included Twitter. :) As usual, you always have great retweet-able stuff!!
 RT  RT  The Entrepreneur's Guide to Coffee Shop Etiquette 
 Are You Charging (and Getting) What You’re Worth? 
  Thanks for the  Roger!
 Are You a Business Do It All? 
  Days like today really make me jealous of Mac users. :)
 Who knew that an incomplete Windows update could cause the day from hell? It took me 7 hours to get my laptop back to normal!
  hmm, not sure if that calls for a collection letter or mediation. cc
  I'll be looking forward to it...no matter what  says. ;)
  made it through a rough few weeks, but getting better every day. And how are things with you...it's been awhile!
  I should have known... he's such a tattletale
  John!  How did you know I needed that post? :)
 RT  Twelve tips for writing more blog posts each week  by 
  Ha! I used to do that too. Kept adding minutes due to mental compensation too. My car clock used to be 30 minutes fast! ;)
  It's definitely not just you. Upstairs clock is always a minute or two different from downstairs clock for just that reason
 A wild thunderstorm just blew through and made the power blink out just enough to leave everything blinking & beeping!
 RT  How to Fix the 500 Error for Headway Users on 1 and 1 Hosting  
  Thanks a bunch! My twitter buddies are so good to me!
 RT  Heard you like  - So we're putting it in your visual editor.   (Yay!)
  Thanks! that makes me feel better. :)
 RT  Dear Netflix, Thanks For The Customers! Signed, Redbox 
  I feel like the kid who didn't get picked for kickball in school. :)
 Is 'limited field trial' Google code for 'make everyone want it more'? 2 invites to Google+ & still denied. talk about frustration. :)
 Shift Your Mindset, Save Your Business  via 
 Flight home delayed an hour, glad to have tech toys to keep busy. ( Boston Logan International Airport (BOS)) 
 Busy morning before heading to  to catch my flight to Charlotte this afternoon.Ready to get back home & find some normalcy
 My fingers and toes are cold. In July. Yup, Maine summer morning...
 Dear Maine Weather, you really didn't have to give me North Carolina temps while I was here.
  Thank you so much!
  You're welcome, just sent you an e-mail. :)
  I'll check my e-mail and see what I can do to help! :)
  what are you looking to tweak? 
  &  Thanks a bunch for the  shout out. :)
  awww...thanks so much for the props! It's nice to know that being a geek can help others. :)
 How To Create a WordPress Website: Step Five  via Geek Speak Blog
 I want to thank  &  for the RT's! I appreciate it.
 Is Your Business Forest Lost in the Trees? 
 RT  Using PHP in Excerpts+ Leaf  Meta fields -   - 
  Glad I could help!
 Thanks to  &  for the RT's!
  I use the WPtouch plugin for my WP/Headway site and it works great.
 Notes from T.Marie-Monthly Business Tips for 06/21/2011 - 
 RT  What do you consider when setting your virtual rates? Hint: it's more than education & experience.  
 Is Your Business Forest Lost in the Trees? 
 Just purchased the Gallery + leaf for  Looks like it has all the awesome flexibility that Excerpts + leaf does. ♥ flexibility!
 You know you're still a spoiled only child when the FedEx man shows up with K-cup coffee from your parents!
  LOL... I know, I posted the event on FB at 90 minutes and...well FB can't tell time I guess. and of course it auto-tweeted
 Time for "Webinar for Virtual Professionals" is Wednesday, June 22 from 1:00 pm to 2:30 pm. (not 4pm- FB glitch) 
  Thank you! But the time for the webinar should be 1pm to 2:30 pm, it's a 90 min. webinar. :)
 Come to "Webinar for Virtual Professionals" Wednesday, June 22 from 1:00 pm to 4:00 pm. Virtual Paralegals:... 
  Thanks so much for spreading the word about the webinar!
 Virtual Assistants; Have You Tried Finding You? - 
 RT  Office supply fiend? You've gotta see JetPens. I'm a bit distracted -  (oh no! Chris you're an enabler!)
 Are you a Virtual Paralegal who needs to learn how to charge what you're really worth? 
 If you tried to register for the webinar & recording at  and the link was broken...it's fixed!! Thanks 
  &  Thanks for the RT's about 
 Had a great biz buddy chat today w/  about Virtual Paralegals: Finding & Claiming Your Value webinar 
  & I are excited to offer Virtual Paralegals: Find and Claim Your Value. Check it out at 
  I believe it was due to the fact that it was written by a newspaper journalist. too much grabbing readers w/headlines
 RT  RT  Screencast Tuesdays: Firebug for CSS Hacking,  Now up on the  blog!
 RT  Is Facebook finally hitting the wall?  ^
  Frozen Hot Chocolate | Dunkin' Donuts  (I'm thinking I could substitute this for lunch)
 RT  Here's how to get a 60-70% open rates on your emails: 
  Announcement coming very soon!  :)
 RT   A demo of Gallery+ is up.  G+ will be available on/before 15 June (looks like a must have)
 RT  RT  NC AMBER Alert For Missing 5 Year Old Boy 
 Creating a PowerPoint presentation for the event I'm doing with 
 How To Create a WordPress Website- Step Four  via Geek Speak Blog
 Alliance For Virtual Businesses Launches Virtual Assistants Chapter In Australia: 
 What is your true value? What should you charge your clients? 
  that said, it doesn't mean someone else in the  community hasn't seen this issue. Have you tried the support forum?
  I personally haven't seen  cause this type of issue.Pixelation is generally caused by low res pics displaying too big
  what resolution are your pics?  It looks like it could be the case of low res pics being made to large? 
 I'm thinking my guests picked the wrong time to head to Grandfather Mountain. I can hear thunder rumbling out there!
  Thanks for the RT!
  Just sent you a DM. :) 
 Nothing like a Monday morning e-mail hiccup that produces e-mails from back in May!
  Oh, trust me, the day I get a Mac you'll know. :)
 Window shopping on the Apple website again, lusting after a Macbook Pro.... *sigh*
 How To Create a WordPress Website-Step Three  via Geek Speak Blog
 There are so many things wrong with this post on virtual assistants that I don't know where to start! 
 Angry Birds on Chrome? omy!
   &  -  and I won't make you wait much longer! :)
 My thoughts are with everyone in MA dealing with the severe weather tonight! And my daughter in ME worries about me in NC?
 RT  There's no "we" in twitter. If you tweet as "we", time to rethink that. People connect with people; not accounts.
 How to Create a WordPress Website-Step Two  via Geek Speak Blog
 RT  Introducing Excerpts+ Leaf v2 for Headway Themes   
  Thanks for the RT!
 Give Your Business a Boost with Continuing Education 
 How to Create a WordPress Website- Step One  via Geek Speak Blog
   &  , Thanks so much for the RT's of my Memorial Day post 
 Thoughts on Memorial Day 
 Great big Thank You's going out to  &   for the  shoutouts today!
  I promise you won't have to wait to long to find out what  & I have up our sleeves.
 Does it feel like Friday to anyone else?  If it hadn't been for my Biz Buddy call with  I swear I'd still be thinking TGIF.
 RT  New: Solo Growing Pains 
 Thank you Mr. Man in the Truck who broke a bottle in the middle of our street.Clean up took 1/2 hr. I'll invoice you. It won't be cheap.
 Listening to-Audioboo: Hot with strong storms today    via 
 If the 90 degree weather wasn't enough to convince me it's summer, our pool pass for 2011 was on the door this morning. :) Hello Tuesday!
 Virtual Assistants,take a quick survey on the Clerical Advantage FB Page about helpful web seminar topics! 
 Just enjoyed an absolutely fantastic presentation by  at  Thanks Donna!
  Thanks so much!!
  You're welcome. I really enjoyed presenting to such a great group!
 Had an absolutely awesome group attend my  presentation. Gonna grab a coffee before attending one myself. Fantastic info being shared!
 Giving my  presentation on creating and using an intro packet in a little over an hour. that's well before the 6pm deadline. :)
 Just updated my Exhibitor Booth at  so if you're attending and visited earlier you might want to check it out again
 RT  LOL: Warning: Today’s episode contains some instances of strong language. 
 Questions about day 2 day running of your virtual assistant business? Checked out the VA Survival Guide?  
 How many Chambers of Commerce & Business Development associations have added virtual assistants as a resource for small biz & startups?
 ♥ Start Something Here   Lots of potential! Great example of a professional site built on WordPress
 RT   users,  new E+ Leaf Version 2.0 is out -  (awesomely flexible)
 RT  -My Shingle-The Economic Benefits of A Virtual Assistant 
 RT  Storytelling is the new social : 4 Facets of Strategic Storytelling 
 Thanks for the RT  Things Every Virtual Assistant Should Know 
 Wondering if I should ask my mechanic if I can put a desk in the corner there... back again today,but I'm going armed with coffee this time
  You're welcome! If you have a question that's not covered in my videos give me a shout out!
  I wondered what those glowing numbers off to the east were...now I know Nightstand Central. ;)
  So glad the Headway videos were helpful.  I've only been in Hickory for 2 1/2 yrs., I'm afraid I don't know the Jones.
 RT  Do you like Headway Themes -  - 
 Working on my presentation for OIVAC. If you're a Virtual Business it's going to be an amazing learning experience.
 RT  Good luck to Tedy Bruschi & all the Wounded Warrior climbers as they begin their summit of Kilimanjaro today!
  I hope it's something simple and you can still get to do something fun this weekend!!
  Thanks a bunch for the  Right back at ya!!
 My car obviously likes the mechanic. Fitting some work in before going to get the brakes checked. if it's not one thing...
 What? Cinco de Mayo is tomorrow and I have no plans?
 Well good morning Twitter, I've missed you the past couple of outrageously crazy days.
 rated Come As You Are (The Voice Performance) - Single by Rebecca Loebe 5 stars  
 rated Time After Time (The Voice Performance) - Single by Javier Colon 5 stars  
 I’ve Put Website On The Menu 
  I'm all about empowering. :)  another benefit is no cost surprises.
 Paying particular attention to  today w/severe weather possible. Great example of using social media to keep us informed & safe!
 RT  Always Leave Time for the Business of Freelancing  *be sure to work on your business (or your VA biz!)
 The talent on  makes some of these other 'talent' shows look completely lame! And this is just the first show...
 In case you missed it: How I Almost Committed SEO Suicide  (and how  prevented it)
 I gave Girly Girl Geek an extreme makeover- website edition. ♥  
 The Geek Á La Carte Menu is Available Now! - 
  Thank you!  I really think it's something a lot of folks are going to appreciate. 
 Geek Á la Carte Menu is Live!  via Geek Speak Blog
 RT  Plz vote for  here  It's just a click!!
 RT  Email Timing: Consider Mailing on the Weekend  << May be worth testing for your market.
 How I Almost Committed SEO Suicide 
 I love the fact that my business is 'earth friendly'.  Happy Earth Day!
 The Official Re-Launch Date is…  via Geek Speak Blog
  I used to live in Mechanicsville, VA! :)
  Nope,not a Yankee thing. I never heard of having Good Friday off in Maine, ever! But living in VA and now in NC, its rather common
 I always forget that Good Friday is an observed holiday down here in the south...
  You too! And thanks again. I definitely am glad I showed up for the chat tonight, even if I was late.  
  I'll be using that, you can count on it.  I betcha it gets traffic too.  
  Got it! thanks again. And maybe my next blog post should be "I committed SEO suicide" ;) 
  now I'm going to be itching to redesign.  
  I hadn't even thought of using them as background images w/real text. Awesome! Thanks so much 
  I'll do that...at least until I'm ready to redesign.  
  LOL.. I was waiting for that 
   is the URL
  would the first link hack be helpful for someone like me who doesn't have actual content on the landing page? 
 RT  You can never take any SEO advice at face value. Always test for yourself to see if something works for YOU. 
  I'm so glad I didn't disappoint tonight and show up on time.  
 RT  Weve been getting this question lately of first link priority in Headway. I made a vid to show how. :)(cool!) 
 Late to the  chat... again.
 RT  Tonight's twitter chat for  will be about SEO with  Be there at 8pm CST tonight
 Fun 'Do & Don't' videos at PowerPoint Slidefest 
   Thanks so much for the  luv!
 RT  Upgrade Your Life: Gadgets under $25  ( I want the bottle cap tripod)
 Love my Thursday morning business buddy sessions w/  They always get me charged up! Do you have a biz buddy?
 Reading: Are You a Carrot, Egg or Coffee Bean? | Mirna Bard 
  well you certainly can teach them from experience about the ins & outs of working with a virtual assistant. I'm excited! :)
  Yes!  We're real people! Thanks so much for your support of virtual assistants...and me.
 What Happened to the Contest? 
  Thanks for yesterday's RT of 
  Thanks a bunch for the RT! 
 RT   & New York Law School Partner in Education  Find out how your law school can to! 
 Ever had a day that started out going 70 mph and then bam! you hit a traffic jam? say hello to my Tuesday.
 How To Use Fear To Your Advantage + A Cool Brain Trick Marie Forleo | 
  thanks! going to check on it now. :)
  me too! and they love the flexibility.
  thanks aj! I'll check on that form asap. I appreciate the heads up.( I think the bullet points are required fields?)
 Another client thrilled with their  website. Help Without Hassle–for all your fulfillment needs 
 RT  should be included in your New Client Welcome Kit?Ask   5/19-21   
 RT  My updated website is live!  Thx to  for  tutoring (you're welcome!)
 I ♥ productive Mondays. And how is your day going?
  had a bit of small hail here in Conover along with torrential rain.
 When severe storms/tornado warnings wake  1:30 am, its hard to get back to sleep & even harder to get up again in the morning. Need coffee
 RT  No Really, Maybe You Should Just Give Up? 
 What Do Fans Owe NFL Players? | eaglescouch  (I think a lot of football fans will agree with this one )
  Thanks for the   shout out!
  Thanks for the RT of my post! Business Lesson of the Week: Standing out in the Crowd 
  I use mailchimp with  Just use the embed form without javascript, works like a charm 
 Well, that was an interesting double post experience.  I apologize for the double tweet.
 Just posted: Business Lesson of the Week: Standing out in the Crowd 
 Business Lesson of the Week: Standing out in the Crowd 
  Yup, it was found. I'm going to miss it's adventures in the city. :)
  and took away his iPhone apparently. :)
 Hey what happened to  ,Twitter suspended his account? really?!
 RT  The True Costs of FSBO vs Hiring a REALTOR® 
 RT  The hickory-news Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via  
  Thanks for the RT!!
 Poking around on LinkedIn...are we connected there? 
    Thanks so much for the RT's of today's post. 
 Think Your Website Isn’t that Important? Think Again. 
 Think Your Website Isn't that Important? Think Again. 
  LOL..nope, yours wasn't one of them.
  nope, not good at all. In fact I think it might call for a blog post...
  it depends on the definition of virtual assistant.I'm talking about providing tech/admin services remotely.
  I know absolutely nothing about racing. :)
 Totally shocked at the number of horrifying  websites out there. Only 4 out of 50 sites I looked at gave a good impression.
 Bright side of broken e-mail- Quiet morning. Down side- when it gets fixed I'm going to be swamped.
 It's Monday and my biz e-mail is down. So that's how it's going to be hmmm?? You know Monday, you could improve your rep if you played nice
 RT  Makeover- Website Edition  Love it Tina!  Looks great!!! (Thanks, it's a work in progress!)
  You know I will! Although I'm pretty sure it's uber-awesome already & will help me tweak my current ebooks and create more
 Rainy Saturday, perfect day to curl up & read "How To Write an Ebook that Doesn't Suck" by  
 RT  Price going up for How to Write an Ebook that Doesn't Suck. Get it now while it's still stupid-cheap: 
  ohhh, now I want to go jewelry shopping!
  I think it depends on when your audience might be reading. I like to post any day Mon.-Thurs. because biz tends to read then
  :) hmm, I think I'm doing Friday all wrong.
 Friday always seems to be my 'phone' day. You know, the day when it seems like the phone is attached to your ear?
 All I want is a directory plugin that allows me to show featured listings on the front page of a Headway site. Is that so much to ask?
 RT  RT  Here's the post  inspired- the Car Wreck of Being Authentic- 
 I've got  onion rings in the oven and they smell amazing! And healthy to boot!
 RT  Lawyerist Sues TechnoLawyer to Invalidate Its BigLaw & SmallLaw Trademarks ~ 
  your last statement gave me a definite flashback to when my daughter was in 8th grade. :)
 RT  New stats from cellphone industry confirm we're a nation of wireless addicts  ^
 The Threshold on Free  via 
 Getting up at 5:30am has it's advantages, got to catch a gorgeous sunrise over a steaming cup of coffee. Good morning!
 Someone Responded to My Letter to Goodell…but not the NFL | eaglescouch  (can fans effect the lockout? maybe...)
  Considering the Madden cover curse, I was hoping Rex Ryan would be one of the choices. It would have made it worth the time...
 Wow! 20 minute installation of two new tires at the Conover, NC Walmart Tire Center! I guess if I had to have a flat tire that was the place
 Nothing says Monday quite like a flat tire...
 RT  from Solo Practice U SPECIAL OFFER: Let’s Party Like It’s 2009! Annual tuition only $425/year 
  :) that's awesome, now we just need someone that knows PR...and more people interested in attending
 RT  Following back is not an obligation or courtesy. It's a choice.
  I will! I'll have to connect with someone more familiar with the area and PR than I am if I were to actually try it though.
  I think it'd be fun! Plus, maybe then I'd get to meet more of the people I follow on here. :)
 RT  Headway Themes affiliates,grab the new Affiliate Box Leaf 2 promote Headway- … (cont) 
 Jealous! there is a Social Media Breakfast Charlotte  .I wonder if there is enough interest for a SMB Unifour (Hickory)?
 How am I supposed to do spring clean properly with a broken Shark steam mop? Very, very sad...
  it's gorgeous, but it sure does make it hard to concentrate on work! :)
 Windows open, ceiling fan on with a balmy 82° out there.
 RT  questionnaires on yr knowledge/experiences of 21st century law practices - Ne… (cont) 
 Just gave the fans of my Facebook Page a small taste of the Girly Girl Geek makeover.   Wanna join us?
 Domain names, Hosting and WordPress…Oh My! (Part III) 
   I was taught traditional means it all slow cooks together all day (in Guinness!), cabbage added at noon.But that's just me
 Traditional corned beef dinner cooking in the crockpot, the smell is amazing but it also reminds me I haven't eaten anything yet today!LUNCH
 I believe it's a sign that you hail from New England when St. Patrick's Day makes you think of Boston instead of the Emerald Isle.
  the mailman just delivered uber deliciousness to my door. Thank you so much!
  there will be a lot more WordPress/Headway helps and tutorials when Girly Girl Geek's makeover is done.
  thanks for the RT yesterday!
 Yay! Angry Bird's St. Patty's Day...(yes, I am addicted )
 RT  Why Erotic Fiction Makes You A Better Writer  (who knew my ♥ of trashy romance novels was a good thing?)
  it was very cool to get a glimpse of the Old Port again, snow bordered sidewalks and all. :) 
  oh, that's just sad! I don't feel so bad now...
 iPhone envy  iPhone always gets Angry Birds updates before my Palm Pre. Anxiously awaiting the St. Patty's Seasons update....
  Thanks for the RT of Domain Names, Posting and WordPress - Pt II - 
  you're too sweet!  I'll be sure to keep an eye on the mailbox!
 How to Run Two Blogs in the Midst of a Busy Life  (great advice, now I just have to do it!)
 Just spent my 15 minute coffee break creating a fillable pdf March Madness bracket. And I really don't follow basketball...
 RT  . explains squeeze & landing pages on the  forums  - log in required
 Domain names, Hosting and WordPress…Oh My! (Part II) 
 When Monday starts with your e-mail and website down you have to wonder if it's foreshadowing the coming week.
 Domain Names, Hosting & WordPress…Oh My! (Part 1) 
 Does it mean that ScribeSEO is teaching me good copywriting when I start consistently getting 100% on first analysis?
 likes Shame by Matchbox Twenty on Ping  
  You're in so much trouble. Ha!  ...now where can I find her?
 Think You’re Not An Expert? | IttyBiz 
 Ack! I'm having ScribeSEO withdrawal...
 What Do VAs Look for in Clients? 
 How Can a Virtual Assistant Help Your Business? | 
 19 Things I Wish I Knew When I Started My Business  via 
 RT  WordPress 3.1 Allows Nonprofits To Choose From Up To 10 Different Post Formats 
 Good morning Friday, where did you come from?  I feel like I missed a day in there somewhere.
 Phew! offline since the storms rolled through yesterday afternoon,very thankful to be connected with the sun shining...
  What time is the worst of the weather going to in the Hickory & Charlotte areas?
 RT  SMB Twitter Use Doubles: 
 9:00 am, 64°, windows open, coffee in the cup and the birds are serenading me. I'd call that a great start to a Monday.
  Yes ma'am, I need your expert opinion! I'll dm!
 RT  The Likability of Angry Birds  via 
 RT  RT (please) Five Ways You Could Be In Violation Of Facebook's TOS:  
 I have a client with a huge  problem (not my build--honest!). Is there a Headway expert out there with a few minutes for me?
 Ohh, Google just might get this Microsoft Office girl to integrate Google Docs more.  via  Google Blog
  Right back at ya! You're too sweet. I ♥ my tweeps that let me get to know them.
  :) me too. there is something to be said for letting your personality shine through a little bit here and there.
  awww, thanks! (but I still say you rock...)
  You know I will...LOL
  me too! but as I just went through my new followers 80% of them read like a news feed.
  you are so right! I love seeing the personal side of people. :) You rock btw...
 Am I the only one that wants to follow people who tweet genuinely and not just a RT or article sharing feed? I want to get to know YOU.
 RT  The rain is making me sleepy. (me too... time for another coffee)
 Help Grow the Clerical Advantage Community and win! 
 ...and sending me a tweet to check out your cool new tool because I mentioned SEO in my last tweet...so not cool. 
 If I've ignored the 50 or so e-mails you've sent me through my website contact form about improving my SEO you can assume that's a no.
  :) you know what they say...misery loves company.or is that there is power in numbers.  
  You say that now...wait until I'm the pain in the butt that has a problem nobody has seen before. :) 
  Yay! I'd like to be active in the forums again. 
 Zendesk was just too much work. :)  I like a simple to navigate forum. Please tell me the new one will be. 
  Thanks for the RT!
 Let Me Introduce...My Business. With an Intro Packet 
 Seth's Blog: Asymmetrical mass favors, a tragedy of our commons 
 Don't ever think life can't get any busier than it is because the minute you think it, life gets busier. Never fails.
 Waking up on a Sunday with a killer headache was not in my plans for the weekend...
 rated Born This Way - Single by Lady GaGa 5 stars  
 likes Day With Dad by Plaza Family Band on Ping  
 likes Sigh No More by Mumford & Sons on Ping  
 A new Clerical Advantage FB Page contest starts next week. Hints and info on the page! 
 RT  Reading 'Can Family Law Be Practiced Virtually'?' by     
  I can say Brrrrr!
 66 gorgeous degrees outside. Can you say spring fever?
 RT  Tonight's twitter chat for  at 8pm CST will be open mic. Let's talk about anything Headway related you want.
 RT  of the Virtual Assistant Industry,join this member-run group to network & share business tip… (cont) 
 Getting off to a slow start this morning... I blame to do list overload..and maybe a little V-day afterglow.
 These were so easy and look just as fancy as the $20 for 6 premade ones...hope my Valentine likes them. 
 Muse! This is why the Grammy's is the only awards show I watch.
 Very busy and very productive Friday...and it's still not finished!
 You know it's a busy Friday morning when you forget to open Tweetdeck until 11:30 am...
 RT  New   -  How To Land Your Dream Job  It can happen!
 Reading: "Sonoma Freelance-Who you gonna call? (Thanks  for the shout out!)"(  )
 Have you ever noticed that fortune cookies don't hold fortunes anymore? They're more like suggestion cookies...
 There is a dusting of snow out there and 2 hour delay at the local schools...I'm not in Maine anymore. :)
  Glad to RT! I'm dealing with a bit of 'overwhelm' myself. :)
 I am officially dealing with a massive case of writer's block. Admitting I have a problem is the first step to defeating it right?
 RT  New Blog Post from Law Practice Strategy: Adventures in LegalTech Land: Technology Overwhelm 
 RT waiting to join  so B4 upgrade/pricing restructure.still an amazing value anywa… (cont) 
 Wednesday is treating me much better than Tuesday, it even offered me a forecast with a dwindling chance of snow. 
 Reading: Women Lawyers too Busy Reading People Magazine to Blog, Suggests Crime & Federalism Blogger- MyShingle 
 RT  New post "ABA Ethics 20/20 Addresses Choice of Law Issue in Virtual Law Practice"  
 Ok  Strawberry Shortcake coffee reminds me of an  strawberry frappe at the end of a hot summer day. Delicious.
  I thought sure it was probably old news up in Maine. :)  I'll let you know what I think.
 I discovered  Strawberry Shortcake Coffee  and couldn't resist...perking a cup now and it smells amazing.
  Thanks for the  shout out!
 Frustrating morning.  It's never good when everyone but me can access my website. And then...poof...it's back.
 Guys are virtual assistants too! Check out the Men of the Virtual Assistant Industry Facebook Page 
 Happiness is finding a hairstylist who understands naturally curly hair...
 RT  Headway 2.0.8 has been released! Please refer to the forums for the changes.  
 I can follow just enough of this chat to know that the best stuff is just going to get better. ;)  
 oops! I'm late to the  chat...
 Reading: "Sonoma Freelance: Stuff I Miss About BigLaw . . . and Stuff I Don't! (Plus, a Bonus)"(  )
 RT  Twitter chat tonight for  has a special guest.   - developer of Headway will be on at 8pm CST
 RT  Facebook is not getting rid of  for custom tabs in Facebook Pages –> 
 If You Work From Home, You Don't Need Pants! Happy 'Working Naked Day'!   (I'm quoted in this,fully clothed thanks!)
  I own the  Kindle edition.  Love it!
  yup! grab that bubble wrap and pop away!
 Happy Bubble Wrap Appreciation Day! 
 RT  It's 65, my windows are down, and its still january, this is why I moved to NC (ditto!)
  I haven't had any issues (that I know of) today, is it working for you now?
  Is this an ongoing issue for you?
  Other than an early morning server issue a few days ago, I haven't been aware of any access issues?
 RT  a good sign if your town has to explain street names. RT hints to navigate Hickory NC 
 RT  New at ProBlogger:  You Have a Niche! You Just Don’t Know It Yet  
 Watching SMBME  via 
 RT  Fresh-> Beware of Facebook Apps that hack and spam Profiles (pic) 
 My answer on Quora to: What are the best practices for managing a virtual assistant? 
 RT  New post: Do The “Numbers” Really Matter?  (Plz RT!)
 RT  RT (please) Facebook launching new  features-> 
  Welcome my friend! Good luck! Are you looking for connections to help you with social media for non-profits?
 I'm obviously rediscovering P!nk, love this song... ♫ 
  one of those two steps forward, three steps back kind of days...
 C'mon Tuesday... can you cooperate with me?
  I was feeling cold at 23°F until I saw your tweet. Thanks for reminding me of what my winters in New England felt like. :)
  Thanks for the   mention!  And right back at ya!
  Thanks!  just glad I could offer a little help.  Plus I got to have a fun little chat too. Let me know how it goes!
  that's the great thing about what we do, being able to help someone else can really make your day
 Good morning Twitterverse!  Preparing for a late morning session coaching one of my fellow virtual assistants & sipping a cup of Kona.
 RT  ethics opinion here in NC:Proposed NC Ethics Op:Lawyers Can’t Ethically Offer Groupon Deals 
 I ♥   Just did invoicing that used to take all morning in just an hour. Love that!
  Thanks Rob!  I appreciate it. I'm dangerously close to being a plugin junkie. ;)
  I just installed it, so I'm looking forward to seeing how it works and compare it with what I was using before.
  I just installed Livefyre. had a little glitch, but their support is stellar. 
  I keep finding new ones that give me added function, like post expirator and I end up like a kid in a candy store 
  yup, it's time to see what I can do without.  
  it depends on which site. :) My biz site is now running 18 I think, which I feel is high. I used to keep it around 10 
  plugins will always have their place for more specialized functions and third party integrations regardless 
  I like to keep from having too many plugins running, fewer possible conflicts, functions in the theme help that 
  you take that goal way too seriously. ;) I try to remember that little thing about curiosity and the cat... 
  Maroon 5 – Out Of Goodbyes with Lady Antebellum-  with Lady Antebellum? Oh yes!
 RT  Women-Owned Small Businesses Faring Better Than Men-Owned Small Businesses 
 Big thanks to  &  for the RT's this morning. :) much appreciated.
  you're welcome. and thanks to all of you who monitor Twitter & pay attention to us! :)
 What You Can Learn from  about Social Media 
