 Aspirin 'the wonder drug' fights off cancer as well as heart disease 
  Thanks for the RT and Mention      
 Medical Daily: Study suggests that being too clean can make people sick 
 Researchers develop first blood test to determine Parkinson's Disease related dementia 
 What ??? Fake doctor in North Carolina treated ER patients for weeks 
 National whooping cough outbreak has health officials urging people to get vaccinations 
 RT        i need 5(+) followerss :D i'll follow you backkk , guaranteed ...
 RT  Late            ...
 Will images of corpses & cancer patients on cigarette packaging finally convince people to quit? (via  
 Canadian Medical Assn somehow concludes the H1N1 vaccination program was "worth the money" 
    ✮✴★♪ƒσℓℓσω&gain★✴✮═╬►      
   ❤❤❤       
 Gulf still loaded with chemicals, but FDA says seafood safe to eat  via 
 RT:  Relationships: Want to Stay Young? Stay Connected 
  ►        
       ►    
  "lowest passing grade" is still a passing grade. Congrats :)
 Restaurant Highchairs Dirtier Than Toilet Seats?    
 RT  How Social Search Will Transform the SEO Industry - 
 RT  Pirate Party: With proposed blacklists, Senate has its “foot in the door” on internet censorship |..  ...
 RT             ...
 Younger kids in classroom more likely to be diagnosed with ADHD 
 Do men lose weight more easily than women? (via  
 Try  to find non-followers, simplest unfollow tool ever!
  Tells Novartis That 'Facebook Sharing' Widget On Its Site Violates Drug Ad Rules  
 Five healthy reasons to have a beer today 
 (Medscape) Using antidepressants like Paxil during pregnancy may increase miscarriage risk 
 Researchers to test use of aspirin in fighting cancer  
 Tanning beds triple skin cancer risk 
 More new friends!         
 Plan to restrict prescription pain killers places responsibility with doctors 
 Lawsuit: Toxic Chemicals in Antimicrobial Soaps Damage Reproductive Organs 
 RT   Pfizer plans kids study of Viagra (for PAH not ED) to extend patent life. 
 Michael Lohan asks Los Angeles police to investigate doctors he believes "over-prescribed" pills to his daughter 
 Is Viagra putting seniors at risk for  and other sexually transmitted diseases? 
 Third Johnson & Johnson plant flagged by the FDA for serious quality control problems after consumers complain 
 RT  Can Viagra Lead to Divorce? - Daily Press 
 RT  We need sex ed for the 60+ crowd.  Seriously. RT  Does Viagra put older women at risk for   ...
 RT    Tibotec Pharmaceuticals Submits New Drug Application for Investigational Once-Daily HIV Treatment TMC27...   ...
 NYTimes.com: Iams Prescription Cat Food Recalled Over Salmonella manufacturer warning 
 RT    Professional "Hired Gun" Pharma Tweeters. Is It a Good Idea?: Pixels & Pills Blog's recent post, "Pharm...   ...
 FDA Approves First Generic Enoxaparin Sodium Injection: U.S. Food and Drug Administration 
 RT  FDA advisory panel meets this week to consider new regulations to stop painkiller abuse 
