  The Blueprint is the album! I could rant for days about it! Top 5 fav albums!
 Its all about how u think
 Eff you  !!!!!! I cant feel my arms!!!! Lol  ;)
   ohhhh yeeeaaa!
 RT " RT  My yard looks so sexy right now lol < omg I wanna see" -- hey come check it out Ms. Jones!
 New Dos Equis commercial is dope! If i drank... Id drink it just bcuz of the commercials lol
 My yard looks so sexy right now lol
 Dang! Shoulda grabbed her while the bachata was poppin
 The bass players in latin music be KILLIN!!!!
 Bachata is some cool ish! Lol
 Always the baddest in the room
  just ran into ur lil? Homie  but i dont think he knows who i am tho lol
 Mam please dont be 8 months pregnant at the Jeezy show!
 Nigga motivational speech from Jeezy lol 
 Jeezy Concert ;)
 Ayyyy! Standin 2 feet from Jermaine Dupri lol
 Zoe Saldana can have my babies
 2011 is definitely gonna be an AMAZING year for the BIAS family!
 These boys   &  are out here MURDERIN the  originals! CANT WAIT!!!!
 It feels so good to put a smile in someones heart! Those last forever
 Men that lay hands on women should lose a few fingers... Seems fair 2 me
 I know  was rockin hard yesterday when we dropped that Jay-Z lol
 RT  you make time for what you wanna make time for...
 Ohhh shoot did i just say Green Light!?!? I said Green Light.... Its gonna be a hell of a week!
  (runs towards her in slow motion) NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!! lol
  is subtweetin me... i think... & i dont mind at all ;)
   sweetie u see how she do me!?!? lol
 Its Money Monday! Lol gettin payroll poppin... Payin bills... All dat shawty all dat!
  good to see you the other day too bruh! I'm doin great! wish you coulda came out to the show yesterday
  u aint come to the show mayne... efiin up... juust... effin up lol smh
  you effin up fam... u AND the midgets! lol
  thank you sooooo much sweetie!
 Full body massage is in order
 I swear dem Sol Fusion guys know how to throw a daggum party!
 Woooo hoo hoo hoo! Thanks to everyone who came out! Crazy stupid foolishness! If u didnt stay for the 2nd set... U shot urself in both feet
  needs to come early next time so she can catch us! Lol
  awwwwww sookey now! Lol
 My body feels a lil tight... But trust me we about to get loose!!     
    awwwww letz get it!
  awwww yeeaaa! See ya 4:30ish lol
  haha! Dooo it! "How the f*** is we posed to keep peace!" Lmbo
  hey sweetie hope u make it out to the show 2day!
  yoooo come thru to the show 2day bruh!  550 Amsterdam round 5... We gone smash! Its just the facts! Lol
  come to the show girl! No betta place to be Sun. Afternoon! 550 Amsterdam - Loca Luna 4:30ish day party! & its free!
  awwww eff that! Lol
  we at the Georgia State one...  u headed this way lady!?
  u aint never heard of the waffle house sweetie! Lmbo
  Georgia State joint
  naw we just left tin lizzies.. headed to the waho
  we def. On the way to one... Which one u on?
  hold up ur here & ur at Harlem! Oh we fightin!
  i shall believe it when i see it! Lol
  aight bet im right over here in lil 5 droppin my lil bro off 4 his gig... U over there now?
  yooo u in atl!? Which one u at?
  B if u dont come to the show 2morrow... We fightin... Ive been to ur home... I shall find u! 550 Amsterdam  5pm
 Me... The brothas... Lenox mall... Trouble lol
  Hey lil mama! The spot is  - 550 Amsterdam
  get at us mayne! 550 Amsterdam 
 I done told yall once... Ill say it again... Josh BIAS & 6:30  550 Amsterdam 2morrow 4:30! Its free fun & DANG entertaining!
  did u!? Thats wussup! U should ummm... I dont know... Come to one! Lol
   Black Dynamite DY NO MITE (ragle da doom doom) DY NO MITE! Lol
 Sweet 8 pound 9 oz baby jesus... Thankya 4 this gorgeous bartender in front of me... Shes improving the afternoon drastically lol
 Chillin 
 The beautiful teacher in Billy Madison reminds me of 
  almost grabbed that bad boy lol 
 This person holding their crutch in the air got me trippin lol
 Cudi's sound man should be fired... Lighting guy needs a raise lol
  is lookin really beautiful sittin next to me at this Kid Cudi concert ;)
 Do kinda wish  could be here tho... I know he loves this Mr. Solo Dolo joint!
  Kid Cudi concert fam!
    in a box in the amphitheatre... Away from all the smoke if there is any :P 
 Uh oh!  just popped up!
  my bad pimp! this daggum evo be linkin stuff it aint supposed to! lol
 Oh shoot! I think im double dating at the Kid Cudi concert w/  & wifey!  
 Eff! Wish i had time to take some salsa lessons this week!
  NEVER... EVER... would I dare to do such a thing! ;) but umm... BRING IT ON! lol
 Your parents will never know what it feels like to be 20 in 2011... So go where ur heart, mind, & spirit guide you... Live your life!
  hey lady! facebook led me to you! whats been up
  Definitely got some shots of me singing to you at that show lol sorry i didnt catch ya b4 u left!
 How u posed to feel when a woman you dont rock wit tells you that you've been (and I quote) "haunting her thoughts"... i'm ... flattered lol
  women these days! How are we supposed to pick wives from this! Lol kidding how u been stranger
  too pretty to be so violent! U just beatin people like that! Lol
  one wordsmith to another... U dont want it! Lol ru on that Words With Friends!?
 If you want revolution... Let our rebellion in be our success & in the uplifting of those around us
 Think i just saw  in this Roscoe Dash video... & yea... 4 two seconds... Def looked like  lol
 Never let go of your dreams! Work harder! Push further! Step outside of what u think u know! Take calculated risks! Beat the odds!
 THE HOMIE  NEEDS TO HOOK US UP WITH A SHOW OR SOMETHIN WHILE WE're IN CHICAGOOOOO NEXT MOOONNTTHH! ... ITS JUST THE FACTS!! lol
  hey lil mama! sooo when u movin out to atl?
 RT  If we had more fathers, I'm pretty sure we would have less teen pregnancies...less lost little girls
 Whoever is out there singin in my rehearsal space is def. NOT my  .... & now i miss her lol
 Done ran into  &  in the Subway! Wouldya look at dis! Lol
 Sometimes my reality is so unreal to me! I pray u all live out your dreams & never settle for anything less! 
 My face is 5 feet from something that could change my life... Maybe 2 things that could change my life :)
 Gaga has distribution in Walgreens! Dang!
  nooo! Money cant buy knives! Lol
 This movie is friggin awesome! 
 I wonder what  is "ughhh"n about!?
 House went from real full to real empty real fast...
 If this juice is Naked then are the other juices overdressed & if so why are being so saditty!?  lol
 Definitely feelin like we need to go ahead & get this water fight poppin soon!
  i was about to be hurt! Lol thanks for the love sweetie
 Ohhhhh shooott!!! Just found one of my favorite movies of ALL time in K-Mart for $5!!!!! SURF NINJAS!!!!! Lmbo
 If you can learn the word BALANCE it will change ur life! 
 Lol we so dairy
 Dang! She's the illest
 Been perfooeming since 5pm! Love my life! S/O to Susan (my voice) for being the ish! Lol  time w/ the boys! Yeeaauurrhhh!
 Had a gig from 5-9 then randomly got called for another right when i got off stage... So here i am... Rippin... & tweetin lol Lehgo my eggo!
 The Adventures of M,N, & R... Lol
  u know u can call me whenever
 GO TEAM  !!!!!!
  jigga what jigga who!?!? Lol
   always got my ninjas back tho! Lol
  dont do it!
   not so bad in the black lol
   gotcha momma... Wussup!?
 Stop it BIAS Stop it! Lol  
 My momma always told me whispering wasnt polite lol
 Just locked in a gig in Chicago! Cant wait!!!!! Lets go fam!
 RT:" TT in my life- what happened to ur arm? I'm getting real sick of this shit" - .... Ehhhh my bad lol
 RT:" Getting mah chops up! Tryna play like  - get em Krunk! We next! Lol
 Great meeting w/ the homie  & my girl  uhh ohhhh!!!!
 Whoop some tail 2day! The world cant beat you!
 Awwww i can feel it! Im gone be whoopin tail 2day! Letz get it!
  or u could go somewhere new with some new people & do some new ish lol
  orrrrrrrrrrrr....... Lol
   ayyy ayyy ayyy! Lol
 Be patient & let the truth be revealed to you
  no mam! Not this Sunday! Where u been i aint seen ya!
 RT: "  bro!  played some records for us... You're killin'!!!!!!!!!" --- Thanks alot homie!
 RT  RT  Never let envy come between brothers... Ever<---this made me follow you.
 Never let envy come between brothers... Ever
 One of the most awesome movies is on! "O" with Mekhi Pheiffer (or whatever)... The Bard was such a genius
  gotcha sweetie!
  soon lil bro I aint forgot about you I promise you that!
 God blesses me with the most incredible ideas & even shows me how to execute them... Thankyou God!
  is he playin everybody the new hotness lol gotta love poppa thug!
 I know my dad was really proud of me yesterday
  well i cant really see ur face in ur picture so please help me out
  especially me what huh what... what did i do?
 One of the realest days of my life... Seriously
  what happened to u lil mama!? We still ain't seen u yet
 RT  Blessed beyond measure.
 Sometimes.... U gotta buy the smoothie
  got a big ole bag of huckabee in his pocket lol
 Love it when God gives me confirmation that I made the right decision. Love has many stages & it can evolve
 Egg rolls & soup.... See yeeaaa! Lol
   aannnddd aaannddd in many cases he actually isss too cool for school! lol i'm done
   ayy ayy well lemme clear this up a lil ... my ninja handles his biz tho! (u know wut I did) 
 I think me &  might be twitter beefin after that lmbo but thats my ninja & he know I love him  
  hahaha! shut it up Joe! lol
    HAHAHAHA! Gotcha ninja! lol u know u'z a passive ole too cool for school non communicatin a** ninja
  nawwww what i'm sayin is that NO ONE is posed to smoke here but  dont enforce the rules cuz "he's him" lol
 But I love my  & my  =D & nobody is allowed to smoke here but my bro  a lil ho-a** ninja sometimes lol
 Top 5 things BIAS hates: 1. Smoking 2. Ignorance 3. Mistreating women 4.Fear 5.SMOKING!!!!!! lol
   Tiff! dont u test me girl! Ima roll both of yall ninjas up in a blanket & set it on fire then ask u how it feel! lol
  i appreciate that 4 real man! TELL ERRBODY! lol 
   lol naww that def. aint the case lol but I gotta regulate u puffin mutha suckas in here even tho I love ya! ru back?
 Real glad  actually remembered me this time! ANNNDDD she got to see me rock! & I think she liked it.... just a lil bit lol
   thanks sweetie! Make sure u hit me with the follow aight!
      preciate the love mayne!
 RT  Loca Luna Sundays = Winning .. Good Times yesterday     
 RT   just tore it uppp at Loca Luna! Always great to see  &  Xo
   Thanks sooo much for the love sweetheart! Much more to come ;)
   well I hope she enjoyed it ;) Make sure yall hit me with the follow aight! Thanks for the love!
 Be humble! U didn't really do anything to deserve what God is blessing you with :)
 Wake up from my slumber.... Baby seals!!!!! :/ mannnn what the heck did  change it to lol time to go night night! Lol
 CRAZYYYYYY show! The energy & the love! Mannn! I'm so blessed! (Missing my brother 
 Just met the homie  he look like he could be my cousin! Annnndddd  she all cute & stuff! Lol
 Out here having a GREAT time  letting a lol bit of my comedian come out! Lol (Wouldya look at dis!)
  hey lil mama! U comin to the show 2day!? (Loca Luna - 550 Amsterdam)
  I was... My phone b trippin lol... U comin 2day
 Hopefully I don't lose too many accessories lol come thru!   
 U know where I'm at 2day ;)
 RT  Finished talking with  about preparing for the future ahead.chasing the destiny divinely created just  ...
  ........ Shame...... shame lil meech
  take yo lil tail home & put that down lil meech! the heck wromg wit you! & PUT SOME DAGGUM KHAKIS ON!
  wuuuuduuuuuup lil bro!?!
  its comin lil bro its comin! U gone help promote!?!?
 RT   the world needs to hear 'Stick to the Love'! the WORLD, bro!
 RT        Did it AGAIN 2nite I am BLESSED 2kno ...
 RT   I just wanted to take a second to THANK YOU for All you do for me. Rehearsals, Equipment & Encouragement ...
 God willing... The whole world will tweet my lyrics soon ;) Dreams do come true!
 It'll never be enough until u decide it is
    lmbo "da puddy dance!" Dis neega is sooo retarded! Gotta love  lol
 Feel free "  nice... i gotta borrow that sayin if i can..."
  hey sweetie! What's up!?
 There's so much of me I can put into you without putting me into you
 I feel so blessed to be where I'm at doin what I'm doin with the people I'm doin it with! Thankya God! Love you pop!
    awwww shoot now! We at the Wal-Mart! Lol
 " gotta love the kidz......there our future" - my friend ur a promise.... ur a possibilityyyy!!!! Lmbo!
 Back...... hurting..... ahhhh
 Time passing very slowly... :o
  awwwww ur so sweet! U handled it well tho ;) lol
 Hmmm... lol"  lol man I just seen these tweets.. Amber u kno u always had a big butt lol"
 Awesome
 God thankyou for ALL you've given me!
 YYYYYYellow T shirt! YELLOW Mango smooothie! Yellow colored skin! Yellow car next to me!!!!  lol
 My bro  3 year old brother is rappin for us... asked him how long he been rappin "6 years!" LMBO!
  mornin lady! Glad u enjoyed us the other day! U gotta come hang with the 6:30 team again soon ;)
 Finally got my homegirl  on the twitter! Great to see ya at the show yesterday sweetie!
  heyyyyyy lil mama! I gotcha locked in!
 Just cooked brunch for  who is STILL not here!
 Heyyyyyy lil mama 
 2day is gonna be a really good day! Tell somebody u love them & tell them why!
  is the duuuuudeee! Thanks homie! "  Salute !"
  yoooooo!!!! Where were u at!??!? I be zoned out! Thanks 4 the love! Me &  gone fight tho! Lol
  thank you soooooo much :D
  preciate u rockin with us! We rollin wit u! Follow me & the team!    
   thanks so much for the love! Follow back! Tell yo friends to follow!
   thanks for comin out sweetie! Hate that u guys didn't stay long enough for us to kick it witcha
   we missed u out there beeeebay!
 S/O to  4 holdin us down on & off stage... one of the realest cats around
 S/O to the homie  for comin out & killin!
 Thankyou so much to everybody for comin out & showin love! There was so much love & support in Loca Luna & we all had an amazing time! 
 Dang!
 This girl is too sweet! Heyyyyy 
  is sooo cute! & real sweet too... hmmmmmmmm ;)
  u need to come down the street to Loca Luna mayne! U know u can't ball! Lol
 DIS NEEGA! Lmbo smh
 Well grab bout 7 of em & bring em down to Loca Luna fam! Cha'mon!
  whoopsie! BIAS made a boo boo! Lmbo (no homo) hahahaha!
 Hope I see         at Loca Luna 2day at 4! ;)
  hope u comin back out to see us at Loca Luna! 4pm ;)
  spank you helpy helperton! Lol
  u should def. Come to Loca Luna 2day 2 check out me & my boys... its free & its always crazy. 550 Amsterdam 4pm
 Smokers make me effin SICK sometimes!
 Aaaaaaannnndddd I'm down! Lol wutup Atlanta!
  ish happens sometimes... plane about to take off gimme a sec lol
  but I don't soooooo :)
  lol my bad... readin the profile... ru in school!?
  we follow each other... ur a dancer that went to GSU & I don't know if I remember u... let's fix that lol
 Amish dude on the plane... never seen a real amish dude b4... only in the Weird Al video lol 
 4got I had a knife in this bag... had to trash it on the way in the airport... eff!
 Lol eatin at the "Whataburger"... they got Pinepple pies... y'all know I love pineapple lol
 Headed to the airport in Houston... great day in Texas ;)
 Its hot as lucifers testicles in Houston! Lol leavin the marketplace with the live band... walkin 2 mall  ;)
 Beer with condoms lol 
 Kickin it with my new Trini friend in Houston ;)
 Water bottle... check... mints... check....ready to aimlessly stroll thru Houston! Let the  begin!
 WELCOME TO TEXAS!
 Makin love to my bunk on the tour bus... Andy Capps... peach rings... 
  oh shoot u seen 60 socks for 12! He tryin to one up our sock man!?!?  wouldya look at dis! Awwwww 50 sox! Lol
  awwwwww sookie sookie now! lol hold up when's ur bday!? Lol
  errrr ummmm... did I just see somethin about movin to atl!?!? ;)
  lol its all good! U had me crackin up the 1st time I met u... think we were at Havana Club for Diosa's show or somethin lol
 Looooonnnnnggggg ride to Houston... r we cakin... writin... learnin records... studyin records... studyin scripture... or jus ponderin?????
  lol no you didnt
  lmbo hold on sweetie u know I would have if I didn't have to leave for Houston! Lol at least I showed u where & told u how lol ;)
  you should come to the show on Sunday! We're at Loca Luna  4 pm... its free too!
  awwww that's really sweet! :)
 Kickin with the new homie  in Cumberland... she's comin to Loca Luna... ru!?
 In Sam Ash playin this Stingray electric violin.... hmmmmm! ;)
 Saw  again this week  's event but umm... I don't think remembers the 1st time we met with 
  miss ya lil mama!
  id cherish it & treat it like it always should have been
   lol lookin at these pics from Loca Luna... I mean I'm glad she finally had clothes on but it just looked funny! Lol
 What in the world did Lil Meech ( have on that day!? Lol
 Nuthin in the world feels like a live band... especially a Band of Bruhs 
   u gotta come out to Loca Luna on Sunday Beeeeebay! 4pm! Tell some friends! U may need to bless us with one! :D
 LMBO  tellin me how  talks about our on stage "Tricks" hahaha!
 Ohhh! I said her name on the video! It was Farren! We startin a search! (Not  that I went to school with even tho ur gorgeous) lol
 Chick in our video footage from Memorial Day  Luna who had on this blueish tropical lookin dress... name starts with J.. where ru!? :X
 Have ur own
 I think I need more homegirls in LA... cuz by the time I'm done doin my do all my atl homegirls are super sleep :/
 Transformers was really long but FREAKIN awesome!
 Transformers 3 - 3D... 
 Session cancelled... whatever shall I do tonight??!? ;)
 Still in the Malachi cadenza lol
  nuff said lol
 I am & always will be a Carolina boy... but I do love the city of Atlanta
 HAHAHAAA!!!! So I tell  to take charge of the band 2day... what the fluff have I done!...  
 Awwwww shoot! This thang right here got da BOUNCE (in the words of jigga)
 RT  RT  Sooooo if ur in ATL this weekend u MUST come see Josh BIAS & The 4 Loko's at Loca Luna (cont) http:// ...
 Sooooo if ur in ATL this weekend u MUST come see Josh BIAS & The 4 Loko's at Loca Luna this Sunday!  Most Insane Band in ATL
  u gotta come down soon & let me hear this voice of yours
  lol workin out is good! Lol I've just been workin with a bunch of artists... gettin some legal things wrapped up music wise
  I'm awesome darlin! What's been up with u!? & when u comin down 2 atlanta!?!?
 To be with me... u gotta walk those extra miles... business or pleasure. My people stand up & stand out
  hey sweetie how have u been!?
 RT  “Some words of advice to men: Treat your women the same way you would want your daughter to be treated.” 
 Just met some sisters.... they alright with me lol  & her twitterless sister Brenay lol?
 Up at Copelands to see the lovely Ms  ;)
    a platoon my ninja!?!? Wooorrrdd!?!? Lol is that bigger or smaller than a batallion!?
  real man ain't neva trapped a woman... woman trap man... man open door & say "enter at ur own risk" lol
  u ain't brown skinned 1st! & u know I LOVES me some brown skinteded women! I don't know what  is talm bout!
  Whoooo meeee!?!? (Angel face) lol allllll y'all need to come to da CRIB!!!! What's they're twitter names!?!?
   yeaaaaaa I need ya if u tryin to eff with me... I know u be all busy tho! U got a car now right!?
  well u may have to catch a ride to atl this weekend then so we can try that out
  I am but I love it tho! I'm so blessed to be livin this life! :D when u gettin on  girl!? (Shutup  lmbo
 Trying to book a flight from TX to ATL, price a gig in Chicago, set up meetings with new PR team members & more... assistant where art thou
 S/O to the homies  &  always doin it up on the road!
  all good bro! Just talked to  &  ... he should be callin ya ;)
 Ohhh shoot! Is  in Texas! I'm gonna be there Saturday... how am I gettin back in time 4 Loca Luna... phone caall comin!
  YOOOO wutup bruh! Everything is awesome & man we're tryin to stretch this thang out homie!
  I know u gone kill it fam! Think outside the box! 
 Had an awesome vocal rehearsal with the boys   Lil Meech aka  & the amazing B. Shew!
 Hahaha!  is an IDIOT! Great dayb yesterday... more of that 2day! 
 " today was a good day...unstructured but good" 
  wuuuuuut!?!? 4 reeealll!?!? U gone have babyboy witcha this time!?!?
  ur very welcome darlin! what's been up?
  COYYIIIAAAAA!!!!!!! Lol
 Surprise! My homie  just showed up with  & another mutual friend... she's dope!
  (the crowd says) boooooooooo!!!!!
 I think  is really beautiful but ummm.... don't tell her I said it.... don't need the helium head lol
  COYYYIIIIIAAAAAA
  is a magician lol
  yeaaa right... u Mark Cuban girl! Lol
 RT  i have horrible hand writing
  oh lawd babygirl they done let u work for a magazine!?!? Lol
  that's what the fluff I'm talkin bout! Lol :D
 RT  man I really love life...alot
 Just got a BIG compliment from a BIG man... but I don't know... 
 Lol just ran into my lil mama  in the Kroger next to da fruits lol! artists gotta eat!
 I wonder if she knows that I'm making exceptions 4 her... & if she does know does she believe it? Aaaaannnnndddd  lol
 I don't know if I've ever been so hurt by how lost a loved one is that it made me wanna throw up... just felt it tho 
 Awww dang its happening already?????!???!?? Faster than I expected.... eff!
 Soooo glad that Cee-Lo is FINALLY gettin all this love in the world! I been effin with Lo since Goodie Mob!
 Respect to Kelly & to Trey... even tho I don't think she was singin at least half the show
 Watching BET...... ehhhhhhhh... Alicia did good
 Always a blessing to be in the house of God ;)
 Welllll since I'm out I might as well make a  stop lol
 Had the perfect ending to a real good night... got the call... back out the bed... on the road... no problem... 
 OHHH YESS LAWD! Blessed be the food that this woman has prepared! It hath changed ma life!
 " This is what on time looks like " freakin hate being late
   awwwww thanks Tiff! We try! :D
 Soooooo who's gonna be in ATL for the 4th... we tryin to be on a boat! We wouldn't mind havin u with us ;) Lol
 sorry but the new Estelle sounds HORRIBLE! Execs should be shot... writers should lose pen hands... vocal producers should coach deaf kids
 This is gettin real old real fast.. so father give me strength to operate with wisdom, humility & patience in the face of obstacles 
 None of these dancers are really cute... don't they have laws against that!?!? Lol 
 Wonder how  is feelin!?!?
 This ninja  got us walkin thru the tunnel courtside! Lol I wonder where  &  are?! & 
 U gotta make it crispy!   "aww baby can ya DANCE..."
  oh lawd what is lil Meech talkin bout now!?!?
 I freakin love my life!
 Been in band rehearsal since 10:30am... now str8 into dance rehearsal... finally!  
 Momma there goes that man again! Lol good mornin... rehearsal  coming soon
 REALLY dope dance rehearsal 2day... dumb excited about gettin back into that stuff!  ;) 
  You know that I could YUu SOME-BAH-DEEEAAA!!!!!! Someone like you (dancing for me) lol
 Crazy how fast people can run in & out ur life in this business! S/O to the people that have been down 4 me since I got here!
 Now following  one of the most versatile musical masterminds of our time 
 Oh eff! I didn't know he was on twitter! Gotta follow him! "  Gotta love  Mann! Musical genius."
  I mean I'm playin but I'm 4 real! I love Kels! Ain't that right  !?!?
 SN: there are some BADDD women on my timeline that I don't really recognize... good thing I guess... but what the heck!?
  ummm do I need to drive back to cola & take yo ticket!?!? Me & yo momma can hit the TOWN tonight! Lol
 Mannnn commeee onnnn mother nature! Done put the lights out at the crib!
  yoooo! What's been up bruh!?!?
 Thankyou so much sweetie ;) " VERY TALENTED MUSICIAN & SINGER 
 Good mornin! Up early studying the competition... if u wanna win... put the work in 
 Lmbo my nigga  is too daggum funny!
 Just got a call 4 a gig in Chicago! Been wanting to go out there for a while! Yeee-ahhhh! Lol
 Up at Tree Sound with the lil bro  ... let's do it maynnnnneeeeeee! Lol
   efff BOTH y'all ninjas! Lol
 Be constantly in search of how u can better urself... be aware of when to humble & when to be assertive
  is on twitter!?!?!? Oh shoot we fluffin up fam!   lol
  awwww yeeaaaa! Its goin DOWN!!!! 
 Just leavin Block ENT with the team... always nice to see lil mama  ;)
  who dat!?!? Who dere!?!? Lol what's good beauty?
 Well that is definitely a good phone call to start the day! Mmm! Yezzir! Lol Let's get it goin! Start ur week off strong
  tankya tif tif
 Back in Atl... just finished cleanin & movin stuff around in the house... finally headed to sleep... 
 Drivin back to the A... gettin hella work done in the process. Its GO time! 
 Whoo! Gas is $3.29 in columbia! Mmm! 
 When I wake up... I want u to be in my life
 Y'all shoulda seen me catch this fish! He thought he was a g & broke my reel... so I brought him in with my are hands! Urggh! 
 Been up early fishin with my brother & sister. Good times! Don't get enough of these moments :)
 This albino hoochie is kinda scary.... I'm a thug tho lol 
 This girl in VIP done let the kitten out... oh ma lawd! Lol
 LMBO at this ratchet song! "Don't hide dat p****... divide that p****!" HAHAHAHA! DAGGUM SHAME!  lol
   is the guy I been tellin u about that plays every instrument under the sun & produces... you guys will meet soon
 This ninja  got me up in Club Moda back home chillin in VIP... uh oh! Lol
 Watchin a movie in the mobile office... waitin on the lil sis to get off work ;) hello 803
 Homeward bound ;)
  darlin it was a WHILE ago... I met u somewhere but I can't remember where or how... then I think we met again at hooters
 Wowww I remember  from a LONG time ago!!!!!! Prettiest girl I ever met named Bridgette lol
  quote of the day! "3's a crowd... 4's a 3some with a camera man!" LMBO hahahaha!!!!
  yea I came up with some mo ish... but I took a break... now headed to da Wal Mart lol
 Sn I miss  & her angelic voice  lol
 Uh oh! Me &  done got to vibin now! Where's      & 
 I swear I love my bro's  &  ... 2 of the livest ninjas to ever touch planet carolina! Lol
  (in Ms. Cleo voice) call me now! Lol
    mannn WHAT is that DOG lookin at!?!?!? Lmbo!
 Ain't seen  in a while... hmmmmmm.... lol
 Pineapple juice... the superior juice! Lol
 Stoppin thru Loca Luna after a great session w/  4 no particular reason... 2 go home 2night or to not go home 2night!?!?
  checked me on somethin yesterday... thanks homie! Striving to create amazing & long lasting hit records!
  pants - check! Dope records - check 2 dope artists - check! An insane produce - check! We ready 4 take off sweetie! ;)
 Why did I keep losing my pants in my dream last night????? Ah well! Time to work with da bro  & celeb boo thang 
  been awesome! Glad to hear ur doin well & yea u gotta come thru sometime!
  ohhhh yeeaaa!!!! Its about to go down! Lol
 Not quite frozen blueberries are effin awesome!
 I wonder what's been up with  !?!? Ain't seen her since me &  cut that record w/ her way back when lol
 Awwww shoot I done came across  on twitta! What's good sweetie!?!?!? :)
 Soon the whole world will have that problem! Muhuhaha! Lmbo " Cant get that damn  song out my head. Urgh"
 Who me!?!? :) "  Restless can't wait to get in 
 Ain't seen the homie  in a minute... wonder how she's doin!?!? ;)
  shouldn't you be gettin ur beauty rest mam ;) (not that u need it)
 She's dope
 Anybody know who's playing on this 1+1 record?
 DANG! This effin phone done erased all my texts! If I was textin u 2day please text me again like now thanks
 Takin a nap  .... ain't seen no food yet... tweeted about the pomgrante 26 mins ago... positive energy tho be cool 3000 ice cold
