  you made me smile :)
  I'll raise a beer to that!
 I AM A PATIENT BOY, I WAIT, I WAIT, I WAIT, I WAIT...
 At the Manhattan office today… good change of pace but I hate waking up at 5:30am.
 Bottled the Redux IPA thanks to  Having the extra hand really helped out. 
 Racked over my English Session Pale Ale to the secondary. Great flavor, I can't wait to see what a few more weeks will do. 
  lol... remotes are fun! :-)
  hey dude, it was good to meet you today. Congratulations again on the new brewery. I'll buy you a beer Monday...
 Drinking a Golden Pale Ale by Roc Brewing Co.   Joe Bruno Stadium — 
 I just earned the 'Tailgater' badge on  
 Drinking a Fisherman's IPA by Cape Ann Brewing Company  Joe Bruno Stadium — 
 Drinking a Main Engine Start by   Joe Bruno Stadium — 
 Drinking a Hi.P.A by   Joe Bruno Stadium — 
 First of the day! — Drinking a 8 Barrel Super IPA  Joe Bruno Stadium — 
 Very excited to be helping out with the brewing demo at the Capital Region Brewers Festival today... knowing Russ, we'll be making an IPA.
  its horrible in the Berkshires...
 To all  folks... what's your fall back when you have no options but the "big 3"?
 Ah yes, the smell of raw sewage...
 I'm on a boat!
 Woke up sick as hell... thoat is sore, nose is clogged and a cough. I hope to god it clears up for tomorrow's brewing demo.
 Drinking a Davidson Brothers IPA by Davidson Brothers  Mahar's Public Bar — 
 Drinking a Nova Scotia Style Pale Ale by Alexander Keith's   Mahar's Public Bar — 
 Drinking an Old Thumper by   Mahar's Public Bar — 
 Drinking a Citra Blonde Summer Brew by   Mahar's Public Bar — 
 I just earned the 'Summer Fun' badge on   
 Drinking a Le Rince Cochon by Brasserie d'Annoeullin  Mahar's Public Bar — 
 Why did this just song pop in my head…
 Sorry Jesus but the air conditioner is my savior today… 
 I couldn't take the peer pressure anymore... I'm downloading Lion.
  I'll probably have the bottle of  120 to celebrate  What about you?
 Finally caught my "White Whale". 
 Anyone downloading Lion?
 Our backyard is infested with starlings...
 Anyone else getting excited for  Belgium Comes to Cooperstown Festival?
 pandora is rocking my socks off today...
 Just saw two kids get out their car to plank on trash can...
 Drinking a Benny's Chocolate Brown by Bi-Polar Homebrew — 
 Decent pool side refreshment.. — Drinking a Samuel Adams Boston Lager — 
 Very excited to be cooling the wort before 1pm... new routine makes a world of difference. 
  its pretty good... probably should have had breakfast before drinking it....
  you got yourself a point... lol
 Nothing like a brew day beverage... — Drinking a Hop Crisis — 
 I'm not one for drinking before noon... but it's brew day... should I?
  I did that because i'm ocd when it comes to this... but today is going to be hot so I tried it this way... and i'm happy I did
  I used to do everything one step at a time... wash, sanitize, measure, warm water... now I warm water first, then the rest...
 Trying something a little different with today's brew day... 
 Mixed with ginger beer... delicious! — Drinking an ESB — 
 Decided to brew an English style pale ale... simple and delicious. 
  just re-watched Throw Momma from the Train. Classic movie...
  I got to know... Someone said the same exact thing to my last night.
 Thoughts on what I should brew on Sunday?
  See you after dinner!
 “ Club cream ale is now on tap!” Where's my invite?!
  I don't know about that noise! Luckily I have a freshly tapped brown ale I can drink :)
 Apparently both my wife and my paychecks weren't added to our accounts... BROKE TILL MONDAY!
 One nice thing about a small credit union is that they know me when I call, the bad thing is they update accounts my hand and might forget.
 stomach not happy...
  Schlitz? I was surprised they had it at the bar. It's an old standard 'round these parts like Balentine and Schaefer's
 Drinking a Galaxy Hopped Barleywine by   Mahar's Public Bar — 
 Drinking a Schlitz by JOS. Schlitz Brewing Co. (Pabst)  Mahar's Public Bar — 
 Drinking a Whirlwind Witbier by   Mahar's Public Bar — 
 Drinking a Heifer-in-Wheat by   Mahar's Public Bar — 
 “ The lagering fridge has arrived!” Jealously is what I am feeling.
  do you know how many people think I'm an IT guy... sigh...
 Don't understand why  120 is being held back by our local distributor  for "cellaring purposes"... 
 OMG, there's even MORE updates...
 I've been updating windows since 2:45... really, FOUR F'ING HOURS!
 Running Windows update... taking forever! I can't remember the last time I booted it up.
  sounds like a good plan!
  I'm with you with the malt-head revolution...
  anything by seadog... too much diacetyl for me. Most of their beer smells and tastes butter already.
  I can agree with that...
 The haziness along the Hudson is beautiful... you can't tell where the blue sky and the clouds meet. Sorta a Bob Ross scene come to life.
 Enjoying a delicious  on the  headed upstate. — Drinking an Union Jack — 
 Found me a nice cool spot on the train, now to open my beer...
 Drinking a Cycle Saison by   Rattle N Hum — 
 Drinking an Alpha by Wandering Star  Rattle N Hum — 
 Drinking a Toxic Sludge by   Rattle N Hum — 
 What a disgusting day to come to the city... muggy, muggy, muggy. At least I'll get to wet my whistle at   later.
  haha... just thirsty I guess :)
  I just brew 5 gallons at a time... I want to step up to 10, but it would take up room I don't have. The brown ale lasted a week! lol
  Not particularly. I just messed up my last one real bad... and this one here is a winner.
 By God, I think I did it! IPA FTW!
 Dancing to the theme song to Never Ending Story makes me lol....
  a very bright dot in the sky. When I saw it, it was slightly north of the moon. My guess it was a geosynchronous satellite...
 Anyone see the thing in the sky?
 Out to dinner with the wife and daughter... — 
 Not a Yankee fan, but what a cool way to get 3k...
 I'm not sure how I feel about a couple making out at a bar in front of their young son... 
 Out with   and little Will for lunch. — 
 Was invited to help out with the brewing demo at the Capital Region Craft Brewers Festival next Sat. Stop by and say hi! 
 PBW makes life so much easier... 
  No sir... can
 Eww... Newcastle out of the can really tastes like can.
 Hang out over at  — Drinking a Newcastle Brown Ale — 
  Chatham Brewing in Chatham, NY... their 8 Barrel IPA is awesome.
  Nyan Cat Pale Ale! That's the best! Lol
 Tight budget tonight at the bar for me. My buddy refused to let me order a Keystone so he bought me a Weihenstephaner Vitus. What a friend.
 Obviously I'm on a budget tonight...  — 
 Drinking a Traditional Lager by   Mahar's Public Bar — 
 With  — Drinking a Pale ale  Brown's Brewing Company — 
  Computer says burrito.
 This ginger beer is burning my lips! Sooo good.
 Drinking a Righteous Rye by  — 
 I just earned the 'Independence Day (2011)' badge on   
 All in all brew day was a success. 72% efficiency ain't bad... way better then the last time I did an IPA. 
 I am never buying a glass thermometer again! Had this one less then 24 hours... BROKE! At least I was done with it for the day. 
 It's such a nice day to brew outside... no better way to spend the 4th.
  trying an IPA again. This time it should work :)
 Unlike last brew day I got to the mash without a hitch. 
 Almost ready to start on the strike water... 
 Man... this is probably my favorite episode of Twilight Zone... creepy little kid.
 I can't stop watching the Twilight Zone marathon on SyFy... its amazing how the show still holds up after all this time.
  one of the downsides of living in new york. How can we have a good time during the 4th without the chance of losing a digit? Lol
 Celebrating our perceived freedom tomorrow by brewing up an IPA. Can't wait! 
  you know you're a  geek when you have a fridge solely for yeast. I think you're on your way :)
 Drinking an Extra Special Bitter by Chatham Brewery — 
 I'd say I'm ready for the 4th of July weekend... cc:   
 Drinking a Festina Peche by   Mahar's Public Bar — 
 Drinking a Summer Love by   Mahar's Public Bar — 
 Drinking a Midas Touch by   Mahar's Public Bar — 
  and you said...
    hopefully the brewery knows it's about what's in the glass and not on it... probably not though.
 Transferred the IPA to the keg. The aroma is amazing but unfortunately because of a brew day mishap its not balanced. Redo this weekend.
  my deepest sympathies to you and your family.
  what?! The younger one?
 Since my father's passing I can't stress enough the importance of life insurance... you don't want to run into the crap we are.
 Sitting the porch with  — Drinking a Benny's Chocolate Brown — 
  I thought it was a fun movie... enjoy!
 The fact that our daughter is starting to speak in sentences blows my mind... totally makes life easier.
 Even though the brown ale is still pretty green, it tastes awesome. I can't wait to see how it develops after a couple of weeks. 
 Transferred my brown ale to the secondary. Got worried because of the krausen was still pretty big, but hit my target gravity. 
 My daughter is intently watching Futurama! 
 Drinking a Ruddles County by Ruddles Brewing  Mahar's Public Bar — 
 Nothing like a cold Screamer.... — Drinking a Cream Ale  Mahar's Public Bar — 
 Drinking a Somer Orange Honey Ale by   Mahar's Public Bar — 
 Drinking a Raftman by   Mahar's Public Bar — 
 With  — Drinking an Imperial Barley Wine Ale — 
 I just earned the 'New Brew Thursday (Level 5)' badge on  
  Bengali Tiger and Nathan's hotdogs = heavenly combination.
 Lame!
 I would say Super 8 is this generation's Goonies... it was very good.
 Its awesome because there's only 4 people total in the theater...
 Had to get out of the house. Thought I'd try to go to the movies on my own, never done it before. Figure Super 8 would be a good one to see.
 I'd like to trend  and  in my father's honor. Donations to Jimmy Fund is always appreciated. 
 There is no cure for  My father participated in numerous clinical trials at  in Boston...
 My father fought  for almost 6 years. He was one of the longest living survivors of this type of cancer.
 He fought so hard...
 It's 5:30, how could I not want a beer?
 An interesting take on a saison...  — Drinking a Samuel Adams Rustic Saison — 
 Sitting around the fire with my siblings and step-mom sharing some laughs. — 
  hope you head to the doctor right away tomorrow. Lyme disease isn't something to mess around with. Good luck brother.
  Yeah dude. I'm obsessed with perfecting an American Brown Ale. I tweak the recipe slightly every time. It's maddening, but fun!
 Estimated OG:1.055 Actual OG:1.052... not too bad. 
  Ya I know! Even with all the issues I honestly think it will still be awesome.
 After breaking the thermometer and running out of propane I'm finally done with the boil. I'll be relieved once I pitch the yeast. 
 No better beer to celebrate father's day but with my own! — Drinking a Benny's Chocolate Brown — 
 Man... this was a huge setback.
 Sadness is a broken thermometer in my mash tun... luckily I didn't add the grain yet.  
 Malt Parfait...  
 Have a brew day with my baby sister... she's 8. I can't wait until she tells the nuns what she did this weekend. 
 Was at my pop's house for most of the day. Had a slight party vibe going on, which was odd.
 Omg this beer is good with cheese...
 With brunch... — Drinking a Beer Geek Brunch Weasel by  — 
  Ya dude, things aren't good. Just waiting...
 Too much on my mind, having no luck falling asleep. Just another night on the couch watching tv until dawn.
 Yay!  on Comedy Central right now.
 Nothing better then spending a Friday night cleaning kegs and drinking tasty beer.   — 
  oyster stout silly!
  I hope you got the Dacker...
  I had no idea there was a  app. Very cool, thanks.
  not it.
 Bumped up my  game and got a bigger mash tun. I didn't have enough room last brew day so my IPA didn't come out like I wanted.
  well enjoy my friend... maybe we can hit up a game together down the road.
  you bringing the Dominator to the game?
 Drinking an Anchor Summer Beer by Anchor Brewing Company  Mahar's Public Bar — 
  it was good meeting you too! Hope you had a good trip. Stay in touch.
 Just saw a motorcycle trying to out run a state trooper south bound on the Northway...
 Having a lunch date with a very beautiful woman...
  what are you brewing up?
 Ah yes, insomnia. We know each other well...
 How bout them Bruins...
 RT  BREAKING: NY State Assembly just passed the marriage bill 80-63. Now only the Senate stands between New York and the f ...
  did you post link to full interview? Lame censorship...
 I'd be lying if I said I didn't have any help. Alex P. Kitten, the deaf, toothless, Reagan conservative mouse hunter. 
 Caught me a critter... 
 Seriously... Samuel L. Jackson reads "Go  the Fuck to Sleep" for free! 
 Chevrette and crackers makes for an excellent snack.
 The last time I took the allergy meds I didn't feel like this, but now that I remember I didn't have 2 huge cups of coffee...
 Woke up with a scratchy throat, took allergy meds thinking it was just that. Thoat's worse and now I feel like i'm hopped up on speed.
   glad you guys are feeling better. Were you two well enough to catch the mid-series finale of Doctor Who?
  I earned it with  Flower Power,  Ruination and  Dad's Little Helper 
  no... local bakery's dough. Haven't tried my own dough yet. I assume its pretty easy?
 Got hungry early.... 
 Just transferred the IPA to the secondary.  Slight biscuit with a nice hop bite. I'm dry hopping with Centennial and Cascade. 
  setting got reset... thanks for your help.
  just seems to be stuck on loading... first time this has happened to me. Maybe i'll reboot my phone.
 Is anyone else having location issues with 
 3 barrel all in one system at Chatham Brewing 
 Chatham Brewery 
 Hanging with my bud Joey  tasting some delicious brews.  
  both you and 
 Drinking a Flower Power by Ithaca Beer Company — 
 I just earned the 'I Believe in IPA! (Level 3)' badge on  from   
 Allergies... head... hurt... must... drill... sinuses... drain... head... might... esploded...
 oooo  for mac... someone's weekend just got more interesting :)
 Drinking a 100 Barrels Series  Rich & Dan's Rye IPA by   Mahar's Public Bar — 
 Drinking a Nut Brown Ale by Ellicottville Brewing Company  Mahar's Public Bar — 
 Drinking a Brekle's Brown by Anchor Brewing Company  Mahar's Public Bar — 
  holy crap... I drooled on my phone. That looks DELICIOUS!
 Waiting for my mom to get done with surgery... why not? — Drinking a Bengali Tiger  The Ruck — 
 Google street view car sighting Albany.. West bound Western ave by Quail.
 Off to take mom to surgery for her leg... hopefully it will be quick.
  Thanks for the suggestion. :)
  My wife suggested we do the Finger Lakes Beer Trail. Seems to be a lot of stops for one weekend. Any must stops you suggest?
 Grilled lime, garlic and cilantro brined chicken with fresh pico de galleo, lime rice with cilantro and black beans. Magic.
 decent sized hail now...again, not a good sign.
 Slight green sky... um, from past experience, that ain't good.
 I really liked the roastyness of the orignal recipe. You live and learn I guess. :) 
 I also think the tweak of using less roasted malt and more 60 from the original recipe didn't work out the way I wanted. 
 Tested the carbonation on my recently kegged brown ale... I may have overdone it slightly, but it's still pretty good. 
 Every time I check the weather the temperature forcast for tomorrow keeps rising... I need me a pool.
 More doctors today... hopefully we'll be done soon.
 Ahhhh delicious... good beer to stand by the grill with. — Drinking a Ruination IPA — 
 Last doctors appointment of the day...
 Action packed day filled with toting around our mother to doctors all over town. Finally got a Thursday appointment for surgery...
  you've got a Mork from Ork thing going on...
  hello sister!
 Perfect beer to have waiting for the wort to cool down. — 
 Wort chiller is in... hoping to be done by 2. 
 Came real close to boil over. I had to stir like a mad man! 
 Bringing the wort up to boil... it's nice to start out early. 
 Mashing away...  
 It's a beautiful morning to 
 Being the smart  and cleaning, measuring grains and calculating water tonight so I can start at 8am tomorrow.
 I just earned the 'Million Check-In Celebration' badge on   
 Put together an IPA recipe. Being my first attempt at one I'm a little nervous. Nothing too over the top, 53 IBU's. 
 Our daughter knows when she needs to poop!!! POTTY TRAINING TIME!!! (Sorry, I'm excited. Can you tell?)
  jealous! I'm taking the night off...
  Thank you, I hope so too.
 Wow, my mom broke her leg in 3 places along with her ankle. Guess who's moving in...
 Drinking a Jockamo IPA by   Mahar's Public Bar — 
 Drinking a Bitburger Premium Pils  by Bitburger Brauerei  Mahar's Public Bar — 
 Drinking an Acme California IPA by North Coast Brewing Company  Mahar's Public Bar — 
 My pops fell asleep on the remote and the hospital tv is stuck on some soap opera... crap.
 Best People's Court EVER!
 Sitting with my pops today while he gets another transfusion... one of the positives, Price is Right!
 Finally kicked the keg of my brown ale. Glad I have another beer waiting to be kegged in the closet! 
 Herb Forest 
 Should be a fun day of weather! I love me some thunderstorms...
 The crack head couple are finally moving out... but not without one last shout-fest in the street!
 Did I just hear Stereolab on a f-ing Vitamin Water commercial!?!
  water is consistently voted as one of the nations best tasting and cleanest tap water, why would they mess with it?
 Seriously what did the city change in the water?!? I really want to know why its bad now. 
 Drinking a Benny's Chocolate Brown by Bi-Polar Homebrew — 
 Put together my first real dry rub... I hope it works out.
  I hope to god that's not your car...
  hello!
 To my City of  tweeps... have you noticed a change in the tap water recently? Tastes pretty awful lately... heavy chemical taste.
 I'm pround of this one... — Drinking a Miller High Life — 
 Drinking a Back in Black by  — 
 It's beautiful day to help my buddy brew an california common... 
 I guess I've never really chewed on French tarragon before... got pretty concerned about my tongue feeling a little numb LOL.
  no one uses that name for that game anymore... you must live with someone from Upstate NY...
 My little girl apparently likes to dance to Beirut... she's got good taste.
  last time I was at  you rocked out on the sax. Good to see you on twitter.
 So good... — Drinking a Rauch Geek Breakfast by  — 
 Too early for the AC?
 Drinking a Robust Porter by   Mahar's Public Bar — 
 Drinking a John John Dead Guy Ale by   Mahar's Public Bar — 
 I'm using Receivd to share files nowadays, and it's pretty awesome 
 Watching the news I can't help but feel fortunate to live in the northeast...
 I love it when the crack heads (no joke) across the street fight. That girl can YELL.
 Is today a day of normality? Fingers crossed...
 Very happy my pops is getting treatment today... we honestly thought we'd be turned away.
  man i'm jealous! I've always wanted to make root beer.
 Drinking a Mayflower IPA by Mayflower Brewing Company  The British Beer Company — 
 We couldn't of picked a better place to stay... lots of good beers on tap.
 Drinking a Fullers Organic Honey Dew by Fuller Smith & Turner PLC  The British Beer Company — 
 I just earned the 'God Save the Queen' badge on  
 We lucked out, our hotel is connected to the British Beer Company. Even in tough times there's always time for a pint.
 These weekly trips to Boston are starting to get to us all.
 Drinking a Brew Free! or Die IPA  by  — 
  Its a fun club, congrats to you and your wife!
 Transferred the Brown Ale to the secondary this morning. Tastes good! OG: 1.049 FG: 1.008 
  did you have a kid?
 RT  Screw you   We are still here!  Love, -Japan
 Drinking an Old Speckled Hen by Morland Brewery   Mahar's Public Bar — 
 I just earned the 'New Brew Thursday (Level 4)' badge on  
 We're almost to the end of our journey. Chances are we won't make it to Boston, it'd be too hard on him. Its time for him to be comfortable.
 Not looking forward to waking up at the ass crack of dawn to take my pops to his transfusion appointment.
 Drinking an I Hardcore You by Brewdog - Mikkeller — 
  This is why we own 360's...
 Maybe  will finally offer quiet cars on all trains now? 
  she is... she took a bad header. Big knot on her forehead and another on her eye. Scared the crap out of us.
 My daughter fell hard... I mean real hard. We're sitting at the doctor's office. Hopefully she's fine...
  Look who’s being judgmental...
  I always thought the tulip fest and pinkster fest were one in the same growing up. thanks for making me do some research :)
 I just earned the 'American Craft Beer Week (2011)' badge on   
 White knuckle driving on the Mass Pike... all the trucks are making it near impossible to drive in the rain.
 Wearing a mask because I have a slight chest cold... I wish I had a straw for my coffee.
 One word description for this beer: Farm — Drinking a Confluence — 
 Drinking a Foret Saison by Brasserie Dupont  American Craft — 
 Drinking a Steel Rail Extra Pale Ale by Berkshire Brewing Company  American Craft — 
 Made it to Boston. Hopefully things go well for my pops tomorrow at the docs. On the positive side, we're around the corner from 
 Nice night out with the wife. Saw Bridemaides, I highly recommend seeing it.
 Drinking a NWBB Etherial Imperial - Double IPA by Chatham Brewery  New World Bistro Bar — 
  luckily my wife didn't care, I just felt bad about monopolizing the kitchen for 7 hours. I miss the smell in the house though...
  Absolutely! I totally could have used help today. I might brew on May 28th... I’ll make sure to let you know.
 If you’re interested in my brown ale recipe from today, you can find it here.   cc:
 So much nicer to brew outside... i'm sure my wife is happy that I didn't steam up the kitchen. 
 That was mighty quick to get to boil! 
 Also thanks to my brother I was able to go back to the original recipe that uses brown sugar. 
 Bringing the wort up to boil... let's see how this banjo can boil. 
 Almost 20 minutes into the mash to find out someone used my brown sugar. Guess we're making a honey brown! 
 Did some great prep this morning. Now enjoying some coffee on the porch while the water comes to temp. 
 Grains all measured out... time to heat the strike water.  
 Cleaned and sanitized... measuring water. Might be able to get boiling by 10:30! 
 Already off to a weird start... was asked to see my id to make sure i'm not a terrorist. Ummm...
   Session Lager Black without question.
 I’m mentally spent. I’m hoping brewing tomorrow will recharge my spirits. 
 RT  If we go down, we go down clucking. Keep that phone ringing. Mayors office- 434-5100. 
 Drinking a Dirty Penny Ale by Olde Burnside Brewing Company  Mahar's Public Bar — 
 Drinking an Olde Burnside Ten Penny Ale by Olde Burnside Brewing Company  Mahar's Public Bar — 
 I have slayed the beasts that are my trashy neighbors! No long shall we be afraid to open our windows and hear obnoxiously loud music. FREE!
 Drinking an Abbot Ale by Greene King  Mahar's Public Bar — 
 Drinking a Smooth Hoperator by   Mahar's Public Bar — 
 I just earned the 'Birthday Brew' badge on  
 Allergy meds are messing with my head...
 The pollen is getting to be ridiculous...
 Its a beautiful day on the  Empire Service. 
 I thought the train would be empty at this time of day... not so much.
  what would you want to get for a tattoo?
 physically I can not drink anymore... bed is in my future.
 I just earned the 'Beer Party' badge on  
 I picked the location, best business dinner ever!  — Drinking a Dreamweaver  Rattle N Hum — 
 The band playing at  is great!
 Drinking a Brutus by Butternuts Beer & Ale  Rattle N Hum — 
 Drinking an Oil City by Barrier Brewing  Rattle N Hum — 
 Drinking a Double Simcoe IPA by   Rattle N Hum — 
 Drinking a Sublimely Self-Righteous Ale by   Rattle N Hum — 
 Rejoice! Marhar's to reopen tomorrow!
  you could always move out...
 And I got a soar thoat.....fffffuuuuuuuuuuu
 Photo: Looking back on the tracks… 
 Transfered onto Metro-North... thank god.
 Just another sign I should have stayed home...
 On  and reversing to the Yonkers station. Apparently something happened on train ahead of us. No one knows how long we'll be stuck.
  ugh! I assume you've taken residence in your bathroom?
 Glad I upgraded to business class on the train...
 Wakey, wakey, eggs and bakey...
  yes.
 Drinking a Big John by  — 
 Photo: You want some of this… 
 Drinking a Longshot Friar Hop Ale by Boston Beer Company — 
 Drinking a Schneider Aventinus Weizen-Eisbock  by Private Weissbierbrauerei G. Schneider & Sohn GmbH — 
 SHABBA! 
 Makes me sad Marhar’s might not reopen until June... uggghhh.
  hi chris! Where did you land after aar? (Former aar and leeds united supporter if that gives you a hint)
 Drinking a Brew Free! or Die IPA  by  — 
  awesome... I'll have to pick up a bottle the next time. I love coffee stout.
 Drinking an Ovila by  — 
 Ramped up the brewing by purchasing a Bayou Burner. 210k BTU’s of AWESOME. Now I don’t have to wait an hour for my wort to boil. 
 I’m sad the bar is still closed... What am I to do with my Thursday night?!
  you broke the internet...
 Its amazing how ghosts from your past show up out of nowhere...
  yes sir... just won best beer in new york this past weekend at tap ny. They sell in stores locally.
  Brown's
 Drinking a Maple Nut Brown Ale by Brown's Brewing  Brown's Brewing Company — 
  have you taken Amtrak up to Albany? Amazing views, it makes the commute worth it.
 Daughter is singing and dancing to the new Fleet Foxes... cutest thing ever.
 I’m excited to show off my brown ale at the  club meeting tonight.
  wow... you’ve had it a short time. That sucks... I’m almost pushing a year with mine.
  how long have you had it?
   Mines been freezing up a lot too... starting to get annoyed.
  i don’t use the term “beautiful” a lot when it comes to music but its very much the case with this album.
  it’s only because you’re high profile... its all good man.
 Anyone listening to the new Fleet Foxes today?
 RT  Tonight  Common Council passed amendment for backyard hens.   Participatory gov't power!    ...
 Obviously he's hard of hearing.... you have to repeat eveything three times to him. 
 All of whom are trying to talk over each other...
 I am literary surrounded by people on cell phone... help me!
  I would love a quiet car option at all times... thanks!
 On  — Drinking a Hercules Double IPA by  — 
 Drinking a Jack D'Or by Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project  Rattle N Hum — 
 Drinking a Solar Eclipse by Kuhnhenn Brewing Company   Rattle N Hum — 
 RT  ‎"I mourn the loss of thousands of precious lives, but I will not rejoice in the death of one, not even an enemy." - M ...
 Something smart just happened.
  it rocks you’ve expanded the list. Totally awesome :)
 When I generate latin for design work sometimes I pretend they’re spells from Harry Potter. LOREM IPSUM!
 Dinner of champions! 
 Drinking a Gnomegang by  — 
 I’ve never laughed so hard!
 Wife had my convinced it was thrown out... it was literally right next to me!
 So I threw out my laptop bag by accident... LOL Oh well... i hardly used it but it had my phone charger in it! hahahahaha
  you're doing all the hill proud.
 Drinking the great Beer Geek Breakfast by  and watching Salt with my wife trying to point out Albany in the movie.
 Drinking a Beer Geek Breakfast by  — 
 Drinking a Leviathan: Quad by  — 
 I just earned the 'Taste Crazy' badge on  
 Had a nice little beer tasting along with some cheese on the porch with my wife,  and his lady. Couldn't ask for a better night.
 " how is that?" Not what I expected... not as amazing as this triple we're having... which you made.
 Drinking an Ovila Abbey Saison by  — 
 Drinking a 120 Minute IPA by  — 
 I just earned the 'I Believe in IPA! (Level 4)' badge on  from   
  welcome to the club. much props to you sir. 
 Waiting for the train to take off. — Drinking a 90 Minute IPA  New York Penn Station — 
 Drinking an Adam by   Rattle N Hum — 
 I just earned the 'Oregon Craft Beer Month (2011)' badge on   
 I just earned the 'Oregon Craft Beer Month (2011)' badge on   
  you made me smile :)
  I'll raise a beer to that!
 I AM A PATIENT BOY, I WAIT, I WAIT, I WAIT, I WAIT...
 At the Manhattan office today… good change of pace but I hate waking up at 5:30am.
 Bottled the Redux IPA thanks to  Having the extra hand really helped out. 
 Racked over my English Session Pale Ale to the secondary. Great flavor, I can't wait to see what a few more weeks will do. 
  lol... remotes are fun! :-)
  hey dude, it was good to meet you today. Congratulations again on the new brewery. I'll buy you a beer Monday...
 Drinking a Golden Pale Ale by Roc Brewing Co.   Joe Bruno Stadium — 
 I just earned the 'Tailgater' badge on  
 It's like Christmas every month when the Rare Beer Club shipment arrives! 
 Had a nice little beer tasting along with some cheese on the porch with my wife,  and his lady. Couldn't ask for a better night.
 " how is that?" Not what I expected... not as amazing as this triple we're having... which you made.
 Drinking an Ovila Abbey Saison by  — 
 Drinking a 120 Minute IPA by  — 
 I just earned the 'I Believe in IPA! (Level 4)' badge on  from   
  welcome to the club. much props to you sir. 
 Waiting for the train to take off. — Drinking a 90 Minute IPA  New York Penn Station — 
 Drinking an Adam by   Rattle N Hum — 
 I just earned the 'Oregon Craft Beer Month (2011)' badge on   
 I just earned the 'Oregon Craft Beer Month (2011)' badge on   
  you made me smile :)
  I'll raise a beer to that!
 I AM A PATIENT BOY, I WAIT, I WAIT, I WAIT, I WAIT...
 At the Manhattan office today… good change of pace but I hate waking up at 5:30am.
 Bottled the Redux IPA thanks to  Having the extra hand really helped out. 
 Racked over my English Session Pale Ale to the secondary. Great flavor, I can't wait to see what a few more weeks will do. 
  lol... remotes are fun! :-)
  hey dude, it was good to meet you today. Congratulations again on the new brewery. I'll buy you a beer Monday...
 Drinking a Golden Pale Ale by Roc Brewing Co.   Joe Bruno Stadium — 
