  ummm toward the end of the month and yes I will be in attendance at 
 HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
  I'm good how r u
  everything lol
  lol I won't
  there u go lyin again
  lmao stop spreading lies
  nigga I kno u aint talkin....and anyway I'm still at work but later I will be lol
 
 Love u too mama RT  S/O to Eli's booty in her avi. Lol 
  lol no its not
  lmao mama
  lil ima wear sweat pants and Nike boots
 I need something to wear tonight
 Thank you =) RT   like your avi
 Yea what he said lol....lil thank you :) RT  Shoutout my boo  follow her
  lol good
 U stay outta this lol RT  what she said RT   My other EXTREMLY high yellow bossy friend lol -----> 
  lol ok that's better
 I am not bossy lol u r the bossy one RT   My other EXTREMLY high yellow bossy friend lol -----> 
  lol don't worry about that
  lol thanks
  lol
 Yall are silly....thank you tho RT  i second this.lol RT   ur blessed lls
 RT           ... 
  lol ohhh...so u don't like it
  lmao what lol
  will do
  yea me too
  we need to go to happy hour at the mad hatter
  oh....what u doing tonight
 Thank you lol RT  RT  Women who are like 5"3 and thick are sexy as fucc
  I'm in Md...I might be out there next weekend idk yet
  lol where did u go
 Finally lol RT  Baq n md
 Lol heyy me too RT   always told me that tan lines are sexy lol
 Ayyyyeee lol RT  Cocoloso dat is!
  lol ohh ok ima hold u to that
 Yall wack didn't even give me none smh RT  How many rounds of double shots of patron did we have
 Goodnight tweeps
  lol what
 Lol too funny but I can c that RT   had a twitter .. and was dm bitches tryna smash in the bat cave
 Lol well thank you =)
 I think I was jus subtweeted but I could be mistaken
 Lmao that would be funny RT   with a myspace page and all ninjas in there top 8
 Lol tru RT  Whole Lot of Loud in a Little Backwood
 Hmmmm
 Gats that be claiming they glocks but really dillingers
 RT  IF LOVE IS A CONTRACT .. BAD SEX SHOULD BE A CANCELATION CLAUSE LOL
 RT  RT  Maaan, spam in your DM is enough. Get out of my mentions.
 U dirty little hampster 
 I kno  better get up and press play
 Ima need for  to learn the words smh
  lol ok
  finally u make sense
 I can't sleep
  well I haven't been there yet....but maybe its only on certain days like at velvet
  so I heard Matt works at visions
 S/O to  for following me and then unfollowing me its cool b
  ohhh yes I was
  comments like that get u unfollowed and deleted lil trick
  lol jus followed u cuz...love u too
  lmao
  well I was talkin about u chica
  awww...I'm eating candy too but not sour patches
  they up
 People make time to do what it is they wanna do...if they aint spending time with u its cuz they don't want to
 No chance no way...
 U aint gon do shiiiitttttt niigggggaaaaa RT  IMA HURT THIS F****** B**** Lol had to get it out my system 
  yoo what's up
  awww stuff it
  yepp 5min ago
 Officially over one oomf for the rest of the night
  ha nope
  ohh please don't
 These now&laters are hitting the spot
  I'm over u
  ur welcome
  nope it rang for like 32sec and I thought ur answering was bout to come on so I hung up
  I kno u seen my call trick
  tomor lol
 RT  RT  Don't confuse the people who are always around with the ones who are always there.
  lmao...u aint gonna do nothing
 RT  Via   Find someone who loves you just the way you are.. This is the realest shit ever
 RT  RT   Find someone who loves you just the way you are.
 I love that song =) RT  Your da one girl something bout dem jeans dat ur wearing
  lol I'm not going I gotta work in the morning
  I was kidding idk
 RT  RT  Boys are like taxis. Whenever you need one they arent there and when you dont ... 
 It was planted RT  So there was a baby gator in a va beach pond tho?
 Ok ok....its not hard no more....u can hop off now
  I'm down for that move
 RT  RT  Girls got more game than the fellas now a days 
 I should go to park tonight
 Cuz everybody be having fun RT  Why do summer months go by so fast?
  no ur not
 What u kno about that RT  
   cute
 U r RT   thinks im evil LMAO
 Now following 
  lol =)
  lol I wouldn't
 RT         ... 
 Sooo that's the second time
  lol
  lol or niggas aint shit
 Yooo really that's what's up
 RT   a woman who can admit her faults and knows her worth, rare combination
 I would send it to u lol j/k RT  O_0 rude lol RT  I wish bbm had a face with a middle finger
 RT  O_0 rude lol RT  I wish bbm had a face with a middle finger
 Lol clearly RT   You already know mami. These bitchez are not to be trusted.  HA!
  lol clearly
  nothin
  lol ha no I don't
 Or I hate him lol    " I miss him..."
 U look soo much better when u uhh uh oh :D
 Amen RT  Never trust another woman around your man...even when you're there.
  lol clearly cuz my phone aint ring
  smh
  yes girl lmao
  lol
 I wish bbm had a face with a middle finger
 Some cookies would be nice right about now =)
 Ayyye lol I agree RT  If she's not speaking in Spanish... you're not doing it right *shrug*
  u the third person to say that to me
  my phone aint ring
 RT  ...in my cuddle and watch a movie mood
  lol I'm hurryin
 RT  RT  By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you unfollowed and blocked. You may now kiss my ass-- Lls.
 Save me some RT  Sippin some wine...
 RT  RT   CONGRATS BABYDOLL! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK! ALSO   
 Me too RT  & I deserve a glass of wine...
 I'm not perfect but I'm worth it :p
 HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
 RT  RT  EVERYONE RT RT RT IF YU WANNA WISH MY NIGGA  A 
 Did that at midnight =) RT  EVERYBODY WISH MY SISTER  A HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
 RT  So U Hurt In a Relationship and u Stay Around a Long Time??? As Soon as i TOuch Fire if it Burns me I Move My hand
  ummmm idk
 I bet it sucks to be u right now
  new avi I c
 RT  I need a man who knows,loves and serves my God
 Goood Night tweeps
 He gotta sweat swagg or he's 
 Its always something 
  lol u always playin me chump
 If this "LIL GIRL" don't stop lmao
  no u wasn't lol j/k
 Truuuuuu I feel u bruh bruh....when the next time u in Md RT   ive been at school trying to get ... 
 Is it rude to ask someone if they know how to flat iron their edges
  heyy its  aka Toya bday
  lol yupp
 Soo through with that
  nothin workin....where u been at
 Ur welcome =) RT  Thanks Lisi!!!!!!! ☺RT  Happy Birthday 
 RT  Kenan and kel used to be the shyt
 This is why I don't like watching movies wit  she always on the phone -_-
 RT  RT  Real recognize real....(so who the fuck r u....sas)
 Thanks boo =) RT   I like ur avi lisa :-)
 I know  betta act like she seen my bbm
 With my skin tanned and hair long...
 Lol ok ok I c u RT  appreciate it & bout what? RT     can we talk one day cuz u or ... 
 (-_x) 
  whose the lucky guy
  new Avi I c
 Trynna hit the jet skis this weekend
  lol shut up
  lol
  Baha nothing miss u too :)
  lol ummmm
  Happy birthday to u, u live in a zoo, u look like a monkey and u smell like one too :p
 I'm not even drunk....haven't even been drinking as of right now RT   RT  Shut the hell ... 
  lol wasssup
 Happy Birthday 
 I'm going hamm lol RT  You better celebrate for my bday!! Lol RT  Shots of patron 
 Shut the hell up RT  you and jaynee should just go join the same AA group. RT  Shots of patron 
  yooo
 Shots of patron 
  I swear u have a hell of an imagination
 15min and counting
  RT    DOn't nobody care lol...jus playin Happy B Day in advance Toya!!!
  lol heyy
  lol sure we are
  so why u tweeting then
  and I hate ur guts
  is the lucky lady RT  Umm who RT  Somebody's bday is like in 45min
 Somebody's bday is like in 45min
  sorry to burst ur bubble lol j/k
 RT  not sure wat iwanna name my children but idamn sure know wat they WON'T be named.
 He always got my back 
  lol I bet
  lol exactly
  yea nvm lol
  then u shouldn't listen to his music anymore
 Yo I heard about that RT  Its a dude going around cuttin chicks butts??? Its a sick world we live in smh....
 RT  People always want to start drama because they themselves are miserable and irrelevant which I refuse to entertain! 
 Pull over that a** too phat
 Ima be there RT  My bday next Saturday who tryna join me up in DC?
 ABC
 The only one thing I wanna do is...
 RT  RT  To know a backstabber you got to turn your back to them!
 Aye yoo shorty won't u go get a bag of the lethal....
 Happy Birthday Mommy
  lol clearly
  no
  IS THE MOVE TONIGHT  :: EVERYONE FREE TILL 11:30 RT RT RT : FOLLOW THE MOVEMENT-----> 
 Goood Morninggg
  lol yupp
  sheesh
  nothin I gotta work tomor lol
  Like what
  omw home from work
 WTF is up
 RT  RT  God loves me and he is always with me.
 RT  PSA 3         ... 
 Time Lounge is the move tonight | Ladies free till 11pm | we shutting down granby street tonight
  :D I miss u too
 What a night
  I beileve u
 And me RT  Everybody accept me &  looks preggers O_o smh
 RT  RT  I wonder what kinda excuses I'm going to hear tonight...
  uh huh sure lol
  Ikr
  I ended up going out and drinkin smh
  lol good
  it is
  yea I know....this aint call of duty
 Without music my life would B♭
  wakey wakey lol
 Amen RT  Flight before the pool party
  someone was at camp ground walkin through killing people
  lol yupp yupp
 Hola mami RT  Hi Ms. Lady
  lmao....I would wash it but I'm jus gonna sweat it out soon as step outside soo why bother lol
  lol whatever
  nothin...jus chillin...trynn figure out where ima watch the fight at
  lol nope
 RT   to my ladies that make there own money
  lol ok
 Ohhhhh yeaaaaaaa......we love to party ayyye ayyye sas RT  Ok ok I'm coming lol RT  That's what I ... 
 Lol don't tell her to shut up RT  like what? thats how i always talk. RT  Don't talk to Jaynee ... 
 S/O to  jus cuz lol
 Thank you :) RT  S/O 2 lil mami 
  I need mines done too smh
 Lol amen RT  RT  I wanna watch the fight drink Coronas and eat  wings =)
  cuz u can lol duh
 Don't talk to Jaynee like that RT   shut up..this doesn't concern you.lol
 That's what I like to hear RT  Unpacking so I can pack... Again
 Exactly lmao RT  Or yesterday RT   lol I did....cuz u always say I aint had a drink in a ... 
  
  lol I did....cuz u always say I aint had a drink in a month knowing damn well u had one last weekend lol
 Who knows how to make patron margaritas
  lmmfao....I kno I kno I have to lol
  u kno damn well I aint in Philly lol
 Yupp its the only way RT  i want to be drunk before i hit  tonight..i mean, its only right..wouldn't you agree?
 Smh I tell u RT  dammit...who got some vodka out this bitch?!
 Gimmie some lol j/k RT  Chicken and mambo sauce yummmmmmmm
  home like ima knock on the...prolly like a hour or so
  lmao don't do that
  nothin at all lol
  r u home
 What's the move tonight people
  yepp
  lmao I'm not
 Wyd tonight RT  I ain't comin out til bout 9
 Me too but idk RT  Thinkin about goin out Norfolk today
  lol well I'm layin bed right now trynna find something to do
 Boooooo lol RT  All I drink is My shit "RamseurCity Wasted"...
 RT  RT   "You ain't no saint we all a sinner , but you put ya good foot down ... 
  what u doing tonight
  guess what smh
 RT  A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
  same jus coolin
 RT  R.I.P Amy Winehouse
  lol fight party at ur house
  lol nothin...how u been?
  yoo
  zab judah
 Lmao RT  Nigga bout to get a RWI ......Rolling While Driving  
 I wanna watch the fight drink Coronas and eat hit wings =)
 yepp RT  U can RT  I bet I could beat them RT  RT  TOILET BOWL ... 
 RT  If you cheat on your beautiful girlfriend with some ugly hoe 
 RT  RT  I'm not saying 'competition is none' but as a taurus it is definetely hard to find...
 I bet I could beat them RT  RT  TOILET BOWL  vs  » NCAA Football 2012 < lmaooooo
 I kinda miss yall a lil bit.  RT    RT  Yooooo    
 I forgot somebody  my bad RT    RT  Yooooo    
 Yooooo    
 Both RT  Blackberry or IPhone ?
  if u say so
 Lmao RT  RT  Too bad yall in norfolk RT    fuck it bout to order ... 
 He's tryin and I can c that but he hurt her soo many times she can't c it
 Forget yall lol RT  RT    fuck it bout to order it now « its on HBO bro
  u would say that
 Too bad yall in norfolk RT    fuck it bout to order it now
  lol no I was about to buy another drink and he was like I got u sweetheart
 S/O to dude at the bar lastnight. He bought me a drink and didn't even ask me for my number. I respect that
 I thank God u blew it
  sas
 I'm dodging bullets left and right b
  lol no
 RT  RT  certain things should be kept private, i can't stress that enough.
 I wonder whose watching it i'll bring the wings RT    Zab Judah fighting tonight
  ummm maybe a pool party
  pretty good thanks
 RT  RT  Is anybdy watching the fight tonight? ... Wat fight
 Jus wakin up smh
  morning
 RT  RT    Flyer Family Ft.  SuppaStarr Intro ... 
  lol good am
 Lol it is RT  Lol dc is funny as shit at night... Just walk around...
 Good night tweeps
  lol its nasty
   damn
 This pizza is good but not better than 
  lol ok =)
  tell daddy I said hi :)
 That mean yea RT  LOL  RT  We ballin tomor
 
 S/O to the bar tender
 We ballin tomor
  
 I'm starvin....stomach touching my back
 U need some new followers then lol RT  my TL DRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
  awww so u kinda miss me
  lol why u wanted to stay the night
 No bite marks, no scratches and no hickies   
  lol no I'm I'm in DC
  lol :D
  lol I c u
 Don't hear my heart beat coming ur way
  lol
  lol tru tru
 Another patron margarita please
  pretty chill urs
  lol
  lol u should
  don't treat me like that
  lol we do
  lol no
  lol ok =)
  once I'm done I'm done
  lol clearly
  ooohhh u was huh....smh not nice
 I tell people that all the time RT  Do not ask questions you are not mentally prepared to hear the answers to!
 Lmao its in my room....its safe....oh it don't miss u tho lol RT   hey Elisa!!! i miss my mario game lol
 Awww I miss u too lol RT  I miss....
 Let me find out she can't hang 
  lol ok bet
  exactly but I'm drinking tomor
  I don't have a problem admitting someone is great....so when we play and of u r I will tell twitter :)
  ohhhh yes u did give it sas lol
  u kno I'm right lol
 S/O to all my followers =)
  ohhhh yeeeaaaa
  RT  Def not drinkin no more
  NOPE....no takseys backseys lol
 Wat up doe
 I bet I can beat u RT  i wanna play spades
 Over there silly RT  Where am I?
  and people wanna go out and drink lol its too hott for all that
 Yea cuzzo ms krimson and kreme lol well I used to be RT   haaaahh tru!! Oop-yo
 I'm so through with that RT  I USED TO WANT YOU SO BADD
 Lol yea u aint know RT  So u a nupe now lol RT  Yo baby yo baby yoo =)
 I point it at u and tell that muthafucker fetch
 Visting yes =) gift idk about all that lol RT  Me and  have an address, who visiting WITH a gift!!
 Yo baby yo baby yoo =)
 Lmao u silly RT  Ok lizi I see you out here.. ms romi ..lolRT  Yupp I buy my own if he deserve it buy his shit too
 Ok ok I c u lol RT  Cup Full of Lean. Hand Full of Beans. Chest Full of Weed. XO til We OD.
 Yupp I buy my own if he deserve it buy his shit too
  lmao
 Yes sir lol RT  You cry during sex?.." she was crymaxing" that means a job well done on my  part  right.. any answers
 Its too hott to drink
 RT  A woman will go a long way for the man she's in love with. She'll go even further for the man who loves her back
 Lol clearly RT  Wats really people, hot as hell outside!!!!!!
 RT  “ Yo Darkwin Duck Use to be my shit lmaoo” mine too
 U gonna have to tell me all the time cuz I love potatoe chips *Mike Epps voice* lmao
  lol
  Md
 Hmm....what to do tonight
 RT  RT  ok its official myself    and PORSHITA will ... 
  finally lol
  sooo...u jus mad cuz u had to work lol
 Goood morninggg :)
  no problem
  awwww its ok :)
  am not
  no
  no u shut up lol
  lmao lil girl
  lmao
  lol cool
 Talk to me please, don't have much to beileve in
  lol glad I can help :)
  lol ohhh okk cool
 I  get pussy, mouth and ass, call that bitch a triple threat
  dang man....hmph
  lmao ok ok...I do kinda miss u lol
  lol yurrrpp lmao
 RT   what the hell is u doin!!!
  how u figure I miss u lol
  ohhh noo boo boo I know lol
