 RT  Cameron Young of Scarborough, N.Y., has a one-stroke lead in the Boys 14 age division after day one. 
 RT  Christopher Kim and Alejandro Villasana tied at 2-under-par 70 after 1st rd in Boys 15-18. Chapel Hill's Ben Griffin  ...
 RT  Sophie Madden of the United Kingdom has a two-stroke lead in the Girls 14 division after a 1-under-par 71. 
 RT  After the first round, Yuanru Yin of Houston leads the Girls 13 division by one stroke. She shot an even-par 72. 
 RT  Golfers are off on all four courses from Pinehurst! Stay tuned for updates on low rounds, great shots, etc. 
 RT  The Teen World Championship has begun! Good luck to all of our participants on Pinehurst No. 2, Pinehurst No. 6,... h ...
 RT  "Tourism jobs will never be exported to another country," - Dr. Steve Morse  
 Legacy's Green Renovation Project is going well. The Mini Verdi (TM), ultradwarf Bermudagrass is growing like crazy! Due to reopen in Sept.
 2011 ESPN Pre-V at Pinehurst on Pinehurst No. 2 Thurs-Fri, Aug 25-26, 2011 - 9:30 am.  
  We post special offers for our area too! 
 If you haven't heard already, the Cracker Barrel in Southern Pines, NC is now open. It's on US Hwy 15-501. Just look 4 the full parking lot!
 Fields' Day: Southern Pines Native Wins North & South  
 RT  The Sandhills Horticultural Society is offering a one-day workshop to paint a pen and watercolor on Ginwashi paper: htt ...
 RT  Visiting the Pinehurst/Southern Pines/Aberdeen area?  Stop by the Railhouse Brewery in downtown Aberdeen!...  ...
 Pine Needles, Tobacco Road among Travelin' Joe's Guide to North Carolina Golf Courses - Courses & Travel - Golf.com: 
 2 new specialty food options in Southern Pines, NC - Betsy's Crepes (115 Broad St NE) and C. Cups Cakery (105 E. Pennsylvania). Yum!
 This was filmed at Wilmington/Wrightsville Beach, NC!! Jim Cantore takes a vacation -   via 
  Thanks for the mention!
 RT  While the golf world may be quick to crown Rory McIlroy, what about 22-year-old Yani Tseng?  explains:  ...
 PN hosted 3 Women's Opens! RT   
 RT  Is Pine Needles more fun to play than Pinehurst  Bob Cullen thinks so: 
 It's peach season in the Sandhills! Check out this great video. Yum! 
 Thanks to all the volunteers who worked as Site Coordinators, and to the tennis facilities that served as tournament sites!
 2011 USTA NC League Adult & Super Senior State Championships Wrap-Up - 9 NC Teams to Represent the State in Sectionals - 
 RT  Be sure to check out  for all the latest scores and results from the 2011 Adult & SS State Championships!
 RT  Results & photos from wk 1 of the  Adult & SS State Championships are up! Find out who is going to Sectionals! http ...
 NCTA tennis tournament going well - no rain so far! On site today in pm at National Golf Club. Will have tournament t-shirts for sale.
 Tennis tomorrow at Pinehurst Resort, Legacy Lakes, National, CCNC, New Century MS, O'Neal, Pinecrest HS, Southern MS, and West Pines MS.
 USTA Adult/Super Senior State League Championships in Pinehurst, NC starting tomorrow. I'm Site Coordinator Thurs am at O'Neal School. Busy!
 Golf Pride Junior Classic at Forest Creek in Pinehurst, NC July 4-7, 2011. Sponsored by American Junior Golf Assoc.  
  We welcome all the wrestling tournaments we can get to come to Moore County!
 June e-Newsletter - Pinehurst/Southern Pines/Aberdeen Area CVB - 
 These soldiers were very savvy consumers! Hooah! RT  - Soldiers' bag fees cost Delta dearly 
 US Kids Golf World Championships coming to Pinehurst, NC August 4-6. Volunteers still needed! Visit 
 Never been to Southern Pines? Read all about us in Our State mag and see what you've been missing. 
 What a great idea! RT  Palm Harbor, FL: Resort Credit w/ Gas Receipt, $75 - 
 Dream Vacation Sweepstakes ends June 30th. Enter to win today at  
 RT  Government shutdown could hurt tourism industry. 
 RT  If you are moved by all our national parks have 2 offer, then support  by signing the petition to stop congress f ...
 Don't forget - Vote Aberdeen, NC 'Friendliest' Town in USA for the  contest at  - Please RT!
  The Ice Cream Parlor on Broad Street in Southern Pines, NC. I always get a slaw dog with fries!
  Slaw, my favorite!
 Vote Aberdeen, NC 'Friendliest' Town in USA for the  contest at  - Please RT!
 Vote Aberdeen, NC 'Friendliest' Town in USA for the  contest    
 The Inn at The Bryant House in Aberdeen, NC is closing its doors. Shirley, Ashley and Matt, we hate to see you go!
 RT  Two days after his dad was let go as men's coach at SMU, Ed Loar shoots 62 to lead  event and set Pin ...
 RT  Pinehurst residents can learn about changes to Village Green today 
 Tomorrow's Farmer's Market is at Sandhills Community College - Located in Aristotle Lot off of Airport Road. Open Wednesdays from 3-6pm.
 Tobacco Road included in Askmen.com's Most Stunning Golf Courses. 
 Farmers' Market At the Armory Sports Complex - Located on Morganton Road in Southern Pines next to the Armory. Open Thursdays from 9am-1pm.
 May 28 - Woodlake Triathlon. Check-in 6:30-7:30am, Race Starts at 8am. There is no race day registration. 
 RT  Little River is the fastest course Dan Maples built.   Check out the full artice!  
 The Mellow Mushroom in Southern Pines, NC on Hwy 15-501 is now open!
 The Pinehurst, Southern Pines, Aberdeen area is golfer friendly! 
 RT  Save the Date: July 16th...Annual Blues Crawl in downtown Southern Pines!   
 Enter to win Dream (Golf) Vacation for 2 on our Facebook page - 
 For more on "Boxed Pines" visit 
 We're one of 10 great places to stand in the shade of historic trees (at Weymouth Woods) - USATODAY.com  via 
 CVB's e-blast: Pinehurst-Southern Pines-Aberdeen NC Summer  Packages 
 Enter to win a dream vacation for 2! Click on the Dream Vacation tab under our Facebook profile picture to enter. 
 Travelin' Joe's Guide to North Carolina Golf Courses - Courses & Travel - Golf.com  via 
 Ashten's in Southern Pines was the winner of the Best Dish in NC in the fine dining category in 2010.
 2 Local Restaurants Finalists in Best Dish in NC Competition, Fine Dining category: 1895 Grille and Elliott's on Linden, both in Pinehurst.
 April 11, 2011 - Pinehurst No. 2 Media Day with Ben Crenshaw - view video at 
 May 7th a big day in Moore County, NC. Cameron Antique Fair, Carthage Buggy Festival, Vince Gill in Concert at Pinehurst. Come on down!
 Despite the storms last Saturday, all our area golf courses are up and running. Our hearts go out to those people who lost their homes.
 Pinehurst, NC Area Summer Golf Packages -  via 
 Coming to Pinehurst for some golf? don't forget to play Pine Needles, Tobacco Road and Mid South Club. All on Golf Digest's Best in NC list.
 RT  America's Best National Park Lodges   Get in free at 100+ parks during National Park Week ...
 RT     Played and loved the new  No. 2. Details and images of the Coore/Crenshaw renovation: 
 April e-News for Pinehurst/Southern Pines NC -  
 April e-News for Pinehurst/Southern Pines NC 
 Bradley Klein of Golfweek rates the restored Pinehurst No. 2 a 9.8 out of 10. 
 Restoration leaves Pinehurst better than ever  via 
  Pine Needles has hosted three (3)! US Women's Open Championships - 1996, 2001 and 2007.
 RT  My Top 100 Golf Courses -  Pine Needles Lodge & Golf Club 
 Matty Ginella of Golf Digest played restored Pinehurst No 2 and "had a blast."  Playing the New Pinehurst No. 2. - 
 More horses! The Pinehurst Harness Track Matinee Races are on Sunday, April 10th. Races start at 1:30pm, come early and tailgate!
 This Saturday is the 60th Stoneybrook Steeplechase at the Carolina Horse Park, and the weather should be fabulous with temps in the 80's!
 Me too! RT I'm w/you! RT  Gambling in Hawaii? Why when you have such beautiful beaches, waterfalls, trails, water?
 Matty G: Playing the New Pinehurst No. 2. 
 2011 Top 100 NC Golf Courses | Pinehurst, Southern Pines, Aberdeen Area  via 
 Bloomberg's Micheal Buteau - Pinehurst Golf Officials Betting Facelift Reverses 13% Decline in Visitors -  
 RT  My Top 100 Golf Courses -  Tobacco Road Golf Club 
 Golfweek's 2011 "Best Courses You Can Play" in NC. 
 In a nutshell - 1 golf course opens (Dormie Club), 1 golf course closes (The Pit), and Pinehurst No. 2 restoration drawing rave reviews!
 The restored Pinehurst No.2 (Pinehurst, NC) continues to get rave reviews! 
 The Pit Golf Links (NC 5 in Aberdeen, NC) to Remain Closed for Remainder of 2011. 
 Dormie Club, designed by Coore & Crenshaw, open to non-member play through spring 2013. 
 RT   is now the largest town in Moore County!  ...
 Sign up for our monthly e-newsletter/e-blast. We only send 1 email out per month!  Stay informed. 
 It was a beautiful weekend and more to come in March. Take advantage of our Spring Specials at 
 RT  Pinehurst No. 2 restoration just a stunning revival, with scruffy roughs, wider landing areas, narrower entries into ...
 Pinehurst/Southern Pines NC Spring Golf Packages From $150pp 
 Pinehurst Resort to Host Liberty Mutual Invitational Charity Golf Tournament National Finals March 10th-14th, 2011. 
 Introducing the Golf Digest W I D E Open at Pine Needles: Local Knowledge: Golf Digest  via 
 RT  FUN golf event Thursday at the great Pine Needles in N.C. I'll be there, along with  Come tee it up! http:/ ...
 Check this video out -- 2011 Palustris Festival  via 
 RT  My Top 100 Golf Courses -  The National Golf Club 
 RT  Pope Air Force Base becomes Pope Field 
 More news on Pinehurst No.2 restoration, which seems to be blowing people away! - 
 List of "Top 100 You Can Play", best public golf courses in NC (per NC Golf Panel), cont'd. 2. Pine Needles; 1. Pinehurst No.2
 List of "Top 100 You Can Play", best public golf courses in NC (per NC Golf Panel), cont'd. 5. Pinehurst No.8; 3. Pinehurst No.4.
 New on Pinehurst, Southern Pines, Aberdeen NC CVB's website - Area Potters! 
 Matty G on "What's Next For Pinehurst And The Pit?" 
 Adam Lawrence, Golf Course Architecture, was blown away on a visit to see the restoration of Pinehurst No. 2.  
 RT   Bandon for golf, Pebble for experience, Pinehurst for history and value.
 RT  Pebble, Pinehurst or Bandon? It's like picking Friday, Saturday or Sunday. They're all good, but for very different re ...
  - Hey you forgot Seagrove Winterfest Feb 19-20. Participating Seagrove & northern Moore County potters. 
 List of "Top 100 You Can Play", best public golf courses in NC (per NC Golf Panel), cont'd. 14. Pinewild CC (Magnolia); 11. Pinehurst No.7
 Here's a good link to the story on Dedman family purchase of The Pit. 
 Top 100 You Can Play, best public golf courses in NC (per NC Golf Panel), cont'd. 20. Tobacco Road; 17. Mid South Club; 16. Mid Pines
 Check this video out -- 2011 - Explore Pinehurst, Southern Pines, Aberdeen Area - More than just golf!  via 
 Top 100 You Can Play, best public golf courses in NC (per NC Golf Panel), cont'd. 35. Pinehurst No.6; 34. Little River; 32. Seven Lakes CC
 e-News for Pinehurst/Southern Pines NC 
 RT    My Top 100 Golf Courses -  Mid South Club in Southern Pines, NC  
 List of "Top 100 You Can Play", best public golf courses in NC (per NC Golf Panel), cont'd. 39. Whispering Pines (East); 36. Legacy
 My Town: Tom Stewart on Pinehurst. A transplant from Michigan found a home in the Sandhills of NC.  via 
 RT  Punxsutawney Phil predicts an early spring 
 RT  My Top 100 Golf Courses -  Mid Pines Inn & Golf Club 
 List of "Top 100 You Can Play", best public golf courses in NC (per NC Golf Panel), cont'd. 48. Southern Pines GC; 40. Pinewild CC (Holly).
 List of "Top 100 You Can Play", best public courses in NC (per NC Golf Panel), continued. 54. Talamore Golf Club; 53. Pinehurst No.1
 Pinehurst, Southern Pines, Aberdeen NC - Home of American Golf - Learn what we're all about.  via 
 Pinehurst/Southern Pines NC | Spring Golf Packages | NC Golf Vacations 
 List of "Top 100 You Can Play", best public courses in NC, continued. 66. Foxfire Resort East Course; 63. Whispering Pines West Course.
 List of "Top 100 You Can Play", public courses in NC, cont'd.  Pinehurst No. 5;  Foxfire Resort West Course; and  The Pit.
 2011 NC Golf Guide has list of "Top 100 You Can Play", all public courses. 24 golf courses in our area made the list!  - Pinehurst No. 3
 Featured Special: Tobacco Road Winter Special $169, double occupancy. 2 nights, 3 rounds golf. Valid Dates: 12/1/10 - 2/28/11. 877-284-3762
 RT  My Top 100 Golf Courses -  Pinehurst Resort & Country Club (No. 5 Course) 
 Featured Winter Special: Pine Needles Golf Lovers Package - Double $155 per person per night / Single $175 per night. 2 night minimum.
 Need a reason to visit this year? Here are 9 great reasons to tee it up at The Home of American Golf In 2011 - 
  Been on it (bridge between Sweden & Denmark)! What about highest bridge in France (& world) -  the Millau Bridge? Been on it.
  - I've been on all the bridges except for 2 - Brooklyn Bridge and Chain Bridge!
 Featured Winter Special: Talamore Golf Resort Dollie Llama's Cold Day Getaway. $189* pp ALL WEEK LONG. *Quad Occupancy. 11/17/10-2/28/11
 CVB's Jan e-blast sent today w/ info on Pinehurst/Southern Pines NC Winter Golf Pkgs, 2011 Visitor Guide - 
 Pinehurst, Southern Pines, Aberdeen NC Area Events - February 2011 - 
 Destination Marketing News - Pinehurst, Southern Pines, Aberdeen Area 
 What's New - Pinehurst, Southern Pines, Aberdeen NC  via 
 2011 Visitor Guide for Pinehurst, Southern Pines, Aberdeen NC now available - 
 Carthage, NC Man Wins National McDonald's Competition - "Legends of McRib" - 
 RT  Five best tournaments of 2010  
   Pinehurst No. 2 is closed for rennovations until March 2011.
 RT  Have a 3- to 8-year-old with a remarkable swing? Check out this contest from Little Linksters. 
 Golf year in Twitter posts. Thanks  and Golf Digest! 
 RT  This is a Twitter post referring you to a web story about the golf year in Twitter posts. 
 Who's baking Christmas cookies this weekend? Want to share your recipes?
 Horse country in Southern Pines, NC featured in Nov issue of Our State magazine. 
 The Nov 2010 issue of Our State magazine features the Blessing of the Hounds in Southern Pines, NC. Try this link - 
 The Nov 2010 issue of Our State magazine features the Blessing of the Hounds in Southern Pines, NC. www.homeofgolf.com/visitors/blessing.htm
 New Restaurants now open in Southern Pines, NC: Bar-B-Que Shak, Dickey's Barbecue Pit, Fratello's, Ledo Pizza.
 RT  HeartsApart.org is offering free portraits for military Families before loved ones deploy overseas. E-mail Portrait ...
 Matty G's Top 10 States To Play Golf. NC is 5A. Hyland Hills (now Hyland Golf Club) is his bet for best value. 
 Reindeer Fun Run tomorrow in Southern Pines, NC! Have fun, keep warm. RT   Race day info & parking map 
 Too many holiday events going on this weekend and next to list them all. Visit the CVB's Holiday Events page at 
 It is according to Golf Digest's architecture editor Ron Whitten. 
 Fun golf hole? Tobacco Road Golf Club, Sanford, N.C. 15th hole, par 4. Mike Strantz's version of the Alps, with a hit-and-hope second shot.
 RT  MY Top 100 Golf Courses -  Pinehurst Resort (No. 3 Course) 
 RT  My Top 100 Golf Courses -  The Pit Golf Links 
 RT  My Top 100 Golf Courses -  Talamore Golf Club 
 RT  My Top 100 Golf Courses -  Pinehurst Resort (No. 1 Course) 
 RT  My Top 100 Golf Courses -  Pinewild Country Club (Holly Course) 
 GolfWeek's Best Deals: Pinehurst (and Southern Pines), N.C. 
 RT     The Wednesday What's Up on sandhillsDig - 
 RT  Winter Special to the Sandhils area, NC.$169pp includes 2 nights lodging & 2 rounds of golf (1 round at The Pit Golf Links)
 RT   USGA's Mike Davis was here recently to look  the restoration of No. 2. Check out his thoughts at 
 December 5 - 33rd ANNUAL EPISCOPAL DAY SCHOOL CANDLELIGHT TOUR OF HOMES. 1-6 pm. Tour features homes uniquely decorated for the holidays.
 December 4 - SOUTHERN PINES CHRISTMAS PARADE. 11am. Holiday fun for all. Historic district along Broad Street in Southern Pines, NC.
 December 3 - VILLAGE OF PINEHURST FESTIVITIES & TREE LIGHTING. 3-6pm. The village fills with Christmas spirit and entertainment.
 Lots happening this weekend in Pinehurst/Southern Pines, NC, especially Holiday Events. www.homeofgolf.com/calendar/holiday.htm
 Pinehurst, NC Meets the Wild West - Don't miss it this weekend! 
 Pinehurst-Southern Pines-Aberdeen NC e-Newsletter for November 
 RT   $141pp Special until Feb 2011! 2 nights lodging & 2 rounds of golf...The Pit Golf Links & 1 other from list. maplesgolf.com
 2011 Forbes Four-Star Lodgings: The Carolina Hotel, Pinehurst Resort and 2011 Forbes Four-Star Spas: The Spa at Pinehurst, Pinehurst Resort
 We've Got Room at the Inn! Local (Pinehurst, NC) hotels/resorts offer special rates over the holidays. www.homeofgolf.com/specials/room.htm
 RT  Pinehurst  is offering free golf Thursday to the first 40 registered active servicemembers. E-mail frank.r.hanan ...
 RT  The most affordable golf membership in the Pinehurst area!
 The Spa at Pinehurst in Pinehurst, NC awarded Four Stars by Forbes Travel Guide - 
 The Forbes Travel Guide Four Star Carolina Hotel in Pinehurst, NC - 
 Forbes Travel Guide announces its 2011 Four Star Winners: Pinehurst Resort's Carolina Hotel and The Spa at Pinehurst both awarded 4 stars!
 RT  Lovely fall afternoon golf with Pinehurst's Bob Farren on restoration in progress at No. 2 - place looks so cool & retro
 Where Southern Hospitality Meets the Wild West 
 Golfers won't find No. 2 playing easier after restoration.   
 Weymouth Historic Home (Southern Pines, NC) on EDS Candlelight Tour 
 The Spa at Pinehurst in North Carolina: An oasis of tranquility for golfing girls. 
 RT     Pinehurst and the Sandhills -- good late fall golf trip deals. check it out 
 RT  RT  America's National Parks Free on Veterans Day:  
  Movies! Cell phones are most annoying in the movies. Did the user come to watch a movie or not?!
 RT  - Tranquility prevails at The Spa at Pinehurst, Katharine Dyson writes.    
 RT  Pinehurst and the Sandhills -- good late fall golf trip deals. check it out 
 Thinking about your holiday shopping? November 5-7: 50th Annual Antiques Sale & Show in Pinehurst, NC. 
 The History of Pinehurst- America's First Golf Resort  via 
 FirstHealth-Sponsored Turkey Trot (Nov. 20th) celebrates 30 years. 
 RT  Don't miss the Ruth Pauley Lecture by Robert M. Edsel tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. He is is the author of Rescuing Da Vinci an ...
 RT  Little River Golf and Resort is a proud participant in the Toys-for Tots Program. Come in and drop off gifts that.. ...
 FirstHealth Turkey Trot celebrates 30 years. 
 That's the Aberdeen, NC Holiday Open House November 12-13! Visit www.shopaberdeennc.com for schedule.
 RT   I'll be at Aberdeen Bead Co. for the Holiday Open House. You should try & stop by for a cupcake! Bee ...
 Sign up for our monthly email at  . E-newsletter alternates w/ shorter E-blast. Both inform of NC golf specials.
 Our State Magazine  via 
 Best Public Golf Courses in North Carolina. Pinehurst, Southern Pines, Abderdeen area home to 7 of the 20! 
 RT  Pinehurst No. 2, site of 2014 men's and women's U.S. Open, to close for renovations on Nov. 16. (via The Pilot)  ...
 RT  No. 2 Closing Nov. 16 for Restoration: Bob Farren, grounds and golf course manager at Pinehurst Resort, is shown s. ...
 RT  No. 2 Closing Nov. 16 for Restoration: Bob Farren, grounds and golf course manager at Pinehurst Resort, is shown s... htt ...
 Southern Pines, NC and Blessing of the Hounds featured in Our State Magazine  via 
 There is a lot happening at the Festival of Trees this year. Girls Night Out on Nov. 10, live music in the... 
 Come to "Festival of Trees" Wednesday, November 10 at 10:00 am until <br />Sunday, November 14 at 3:00 pm.... 
 Come to "50th Annual Antiques Sale & Show" Friday, November 5 at 10:00 am until <br />Sunday, November 7 at 4:00... 
 In 2014 Pinehurst No. 2 hosts BOTH U.S. Men's and Women's Opens! Currently Pinehurst No. 2 is undergoing... 
 The golf courses Klein plays? Southern Pines; Pinehurst Resort; Pine Needles; Tobacco Road.
 Pinecrest Inn in Pinehurst, NC selected by Bradley Klein as one of his favorite boutique-y hotels - 
 RT   Wondering about the restoration of Pinehurst No.2? Check out the update from Ron Green Jr: 
 New link to Pinehurst - Golf Town, USA : 
   Uhh, what's the leaf rule?
 Restoration is underway, but you can still play Pinehurst No.2. Visit  to keep posted on status of restoration.
 Pinehurst No. 2 undergoing restoration by Crenshaw, Coore. In 2014 No. 2 hosts BOTH men/women Opens. www.pinehurst.com/no2update.php
   Hey, you forgot the Holly Arts & Crafts Festival in Pinehurst, NC this weekend (Oct 16)! Popular with visitors and locals alike.
 Links magazine named Pine Needles-Mid Pines and Pinehurst Resort in their list of Top 20 Carolina Resorts. 
 RT     Pinehurst - Golf Town, USA : 
 Pinehurst NC Area Golf Packages 
 U.S. News & World Report names Pinehurst, NC as one of the "Best Places to Retire" in the sub category "10 Places... 
 Links magazine named Pine Needles-Mid Pines and Pinehurst Resort in their list of Top 20 Carolina Resorts. Read... 
 US News & Report Best Places to Retire, sub category 10 Places With Most Retirees, lists Pinehurst, NC. 
 Also on October 16th - PINEHURST TRIATHLON. Hours: 8am. This race includes a 1500 meter swim, 30 mile bike and a... 
 It's that time of year again -  time for the Annual Holly Arts & Crafts Festival! October 16th, from 10am-4pm.... 
  - wondering if this is the same webinar that I sat in on back on Jan 13, 2010.
 Tufts Archives and the Convention & Visitor Bureau - Pinehurst, Southern Pines, Aberdeen Area have teamed up to... 
  October 14!
 RT   Don't miss the Foursome Special for Oct:  
  Don't forget the Cameron Antiques Fair on Saturday!
 Oct 4 Classical Concert with José Feghali, Gold Medalist & winner of Chamber Music prize at the Seventh Van Cliburn Int'l Piano Competition.
 Oct. 2nd - Southern Pines Autumnfest AND Cameron Antiques Fair. See all Oct. events at 
 Join us for the 14th Annual Festival of Trees, November 10-14, at Pinehurst Resort 
 Pinehurst, Southern Pines, Abderdeen NC CVB Provides Mobile App for Travelers  
 Upcoming races in Pinehurst/Southern Pines, NC - Oct 16 PINEHURST TRIATHLON; Nov 20 TURKEY TROT 1/2 MARATHON; Dec 4 REINDEER FUN RUN.
 Pinehurst, Southern Pines, Abderdeen NC CVB Provides Mobile App for Travelers 
 RT  Pinehurst, Southern Pines, Aberdeen area is home to 43 of the finest North Carolina golf courses, in a 15 mile radi ...
  Thanks for passing UPick Grapes at Bruton Vineyards on to your followers!
 RT  The  Daily is out - read this Twitter newspaper on  (600 contributions today)
  Thanks for the tip. What a great travel e-newspaper! 
 www.crystalpinesfarm.com, www.brutonvineyard.com, and 
  Don't forget Crystal Pines Alpaca Farm, Bruton Vineyard for Grape UPick, Karefree Farms in Carthage. Visit their websites at
 Come to "2ND ANNUAL SHAW HOUSE VINTAGE COLLECTIBLE & ANTIQUE FAIR" Saturday, October 9 from 9:00 am to 3:00 pm.... 
 Come to "THE MET LIVE IN HD - WAGNER'S DAS RHEINGOLD" Saturday, October 9 from 1:00 pm to 4:30 pm. The... 
 Come to "18TH ANNUAL INTERNATIONAL SARDINE FESTIVAL" Friday, October 8 from 11:00 am to 2:00 pm. What could be... 
 Come to "MID ATLANTIC STAR PARTY" Monday, October 4 at 12:00 am until <br />Sunday, October 10 at 12:00 am. The... 
 Come to "CLASSICAL CONCERT SERIES" Monday, October 4 from 8:00 pm to 10:00 pm. Jose Feghali, piano. Gold medalist... 
 Come to "5th Annual Oktoberfest" Saturday, October 2 from 6:00 pm to 6:30 pm. Beginning at 6:00 pm, Oktoberfest... 
 Fratello's is a new Italian Family Restaurant on Highway 15-501 in Southern Pines. Truly authentic New York style... 
 The CVB would like to congratulate Seven Lakes Country Club in Seven Lakes on being voted as the COURSE OF THE... 
 Green Gate Olive Oils located at 105 Cherokee Road in the Village of Pinehurst. 910-986-0880. Visit the shop to... 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 I posted 14 photos on Facebook in the album "Aloha Safari Zoo" 
 RT   Good thing we listed  as a top place to retire!  ...
  That's right. I'd forgotten that. Pinehurst, NC selected as 1 of Best 21 U.S. Places for Retirement! 
  They were missing Pinehurst or Southern Pines or Aberdeen from their list of coolest small towns. How'd that happen?
 Come to "Southern Pines Autumnfest" Saturday, October 2 from 9:00 am to 4:00 pm. October 2. AUTUMNFEST & ROAD... 
 Come to "Cameron Antiques Fair" Saturday, October 2 from 9:00 am to 5:00 pm. CAMERON ANTIQUES FAIR. Hours:... 
 Today begins Take a Child Outside week. Visit Weymouth Woods Sandhills Nature Preserve in Southern Pines, NC. Small museum, hiking trails.
 RT  Today begins Take a Child Outside week. More than 100 programs scheduled in state parks to reconnect with nature:  ...
 14 Best Golf Getaways for Year-Round Play in September US Airways Magazine.  Online version at 
 Sign up for our monthly email. E-newsletter alternates w/ shorter E-blast. Both inform of NC golf specials. Sign up at 
 RT  Weekend Recommendation  41st Annual Historical Crafts & Farm Skills Festival in Aberdeen 
 RT  - fall special, $254pp or lower for two nights and three rounds! check out our website for details...www.maplesgolf.com
 Thanks! RT    Weekend Recommendation  41st Annual Historical Crafts & Farm Skills Festival in Aberdeen 
 Acura College Alumni Team Championship Nov 5-7, 2010 at Pinehurst Resort. 
 Pinehurst Resort to host Acura College Alumni Team Championship November 5-7, 2010.
 RT  Pirates fans! Want a chance to play at Pinehurst Resort? Check out the details for the Mike Sheppard Golf Outing here: ...
 14 Best Golf Getaways for Year-Round Play. 
 Here's the link to the US Airways online magazine.  
 If you're traveling on US Airways in September be sure to read the article on the 14 Best Golf Getaways for... 
 RT  NC Zoo receives accreditation from Association of Zoos & Aquariums  as one of the best zoos in the world. http ...
 RT  Sat. Sept 25: Get in free at National Parks  -- and Museums! 
 Did you hear? Moore County, NC named one of the 100 Best Communities For Young People by America's Promise Alliance 
 Come to "41st Annual Malcolm Blue Historical Craft & Farm Skills Festival" Tomorrow from 8:30 am to 4:30 pm.... 
 Don't forget the Malcolm Blue Farm Festival this weekend! Music, artisans, re-enactors, craftsmen and more! For... 
 Sign up for monthly e-news/e-blast to keep informed on golf, specials, and activities in Pinehurst/Southern Pines - NC 
 Moore County named one of the 100 Best Communities For Young People by America's Promise Alliance 
 Moore County named one of the 100 Best Commumities For Young People by America's Promise Alliance 
 Opps. There is no Pilot newspaper on Monday - I meant the Sunday Pilot (which I read today instead of yesterday).
 Today's Pilot has a great insert on the Malcolm Blue Farm Festival. Pick up a copy and don't miss the festival this weekend!
 Sep 24-26 in Aberdeen, NC - 41st Historical Crafts & Farmskills Festival at Malcolm Blue Farm. View schedule, etc. here 
 September e-Newsletter from Pinehurst, Southern Pines, Aberdeen NC 
  Last time there was one of these, the line was so long we never got to recycle. Need them more often and with longer hours.
 Come to "2010 CULINARY SHOWCASE" Sunday, October 17 from 5:00 pm to 7:30 pm. Fine food and philanthropy. Sound... 
 The Southern Pines Welcome Center, located at the restored passenger train depot on Broad Street is open... 
 Come to "2010 HORSE FARM TOUR" Sunday, October 17 from 11:00 am to 4:00 pm. Travel down the back roads of Southern... 
 Come to "PINEHURST FOOD AND WINE FESTIVAL" Thursday, September 2 at 12:00 am until <br />Monday, September 6 at... 
 Come to "TEST & TUNE PLUS OUTLAW STREET DRAGS" Saturday, September 4 from 6:00 pm to 8:30 pm. Cars, Motorcycles,... 
 Come to "17TH ANNUAL KITCHENS...AND MOORE TOUR" Thursday, September 9 from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm. The Moore County... 
 Come to "64TH ANNUAL MOORE COUNTY AGRICULTURAL FAIR" Tuesday, August 31 at 12:00 am until <br />Saturday,... 
 The 64th Annual Moore County Agricultural Fair is at the Moore County Fairgrounds Aug 31-Sept 4. Features a... 
 See the Nature!
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 Aug. 14-15: The 70th anniversary of the Army 
 ALOHA SAFARI ZOO - The zoo 
 TOBACCO ROAD makes GOLF.com's Class of 2010: Top 100 Courses You Can Play. Tobacco Road placed  on the list... 
 NC (Lumberton) Sweeps Georgia to win 2010 Dixie Youth World Series! Lumberton DYB defeated Georgia 8-5 & 11-8 to... 
 NC (Lumberton) Sweeps Georgia to win 2010 Dixie Youth World Series!!
 Sign up for monthly e-news/e-blast to keep informed on golf, specials, and activities in Pinehurst/Southern Pines - NC 
 Want to know the latest news about our area? Then check out our "What's New" page at... 
 NC Zipline Tour  A great new attraction/experience in our area! Can't wait to try it!
 Congratulations to Ashten's for winning the Best Dish in NC award for Fine Dining. Can't wait to come in and try the new menu!
 More stats - There were 7 holes in one scored during the Kids World Championship week and for the first time ever... 
 The US Kids Golf Championships are now part of golf history. Pinehurst Resort tells us that 1715  total players... 
 I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "2010 U.S. Kids Golf World Championships" 
 Check out some of the CVB's photos from the US Kids Golf Championships at 
 All in all a busy week for the area golf courses and pros. Thank you all for your hard work. Can't wait 'til next year!
 For the first time ever there was 1 double eagle scored at Legacy Golf Club on a 460 yard par 5  by an 11 year old boy.
 The players and caddies consumed an estimated 10,500 gallons of water and Gatorade during the Championships (On-course only).
 US Kids Golf World Championships: 5145 competitive rounds were played on 11 area golf courses.
 US Kids Golf World Championships 'Factoids' courtesy of Pinehurst Resort: 1715  total players from 36 different countries participated.
 Golf.com's Best Public Golf Courses in NC for 2010. 7 of them are found here in Pinehurst/Southern Pines area!  
 Dixie Youth Baseball World Series coming to Moore County, NC in 2011. All games to be held at Hillcrest Park in Carthage.
 Lumberton, NC 11/12 yr. old team won the Dixie Youth Baseball World Series in Gonzales, LA this past week. World Series coming here in 2011!
 Visit  for latest e-blast with Golf eSpecials from Pinehurst/Southern Pines/Aberdeen NC.
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "2010 U.S. Kids Golf World Championships" 
 Golf.com's Best Public Golf Courses in NC for 2010. 7 of them are found here in Pinehurst/Southern Pines area!  
 Golf Mag's Top 100 Courses You Can Play 2010: 4 of 5 NC courses listed are in Pinehurst/Southern Pines/Aberdeen area. 
 RT  Round 2 of the U.S. Kids Golf World Championship is underway.  There is a chance of afternoon storms so please... htt ...
 Pinehurst No.8 is hosting the Boys 9 Age Group for the U.S. Kids Golf World Championship. 
 The boys love the putting games the pros are providing at Midland Country Club! 
 Serious competitor in the U.S. Kids Golf World Championships at Longleaf Country Club this morning. Longleaf is ho 
  It's not that hard to get here, once you know where it is. :-)
 Spent all morning out taking pictures of young golfers here for US Kids Golf World Champinships. Will post some to our Facebook page soon.
 Come to "US KIDS WORLD GOLF CHAMPIONSHIP" Tuesday, August 3 at 12:00 am until <br />Sunday, August 8 at 12:00 pm.... 
 Come to "WINDSHIELD TOUR OF PINEHURST" Sunday, August 1 at 12:00 am until <br />Saturday, August 14 at 12:00 pm.... 
 Come to "2nd ANNUAL CHAMBER MUSIC FESTIVAL" Today at 12:00 am until <br />Saturday, August 28 at 12:00 pm. Through... 
 RT  The Opening Ceremony for the World Championship is at 6pm in the Pinehurst Harness Track.  Bring your appetite as...  ...
 Top 100 Courses You Can Play 2010: 4 of 5 NC courses listed are in the Pinehurst, Southern Pines, Aberdeen area.  
 Best Public Golf Courses in North Carolina 2010. 7 of them are found here in Pinehurst/Southern Pines area!  
 Little River Golf & Resort has some great stories on their Facebook page about some of the young golfers here for... 
 Golf Coupons! Specially for U.S. Kids Golf families - 4 Rounds for the price of 3!... 
 U.S. Kids Golf World Championship Golfers - Don't miss Pizza Night in the Village of Pinehurst on Thursday, Aug. 5... 
 Kids, kids, & more kids all week! They're here for the U.S. Kids Golf World Championships and will play on several golf courses in the area.
 RT      Review Pinehurst - America's First Golf Resort: 
 The dates have been announced for "Moore on the Menu" Restaurant Week - 8/30-9/5. For more info visit 
 RT  Facebook Fans, meet AJ Beechler competing in our US Kids Golf World Championship. AJ is a local favorite... http:// ...
 RT  Today's New York Times Sports: Walk 18 holes, u burn 1442 calories. Cart, 822. Walk and u can have yr hot dog at the ...
 RT  Little River Golf and Resort is happy to be partnering with Pinehurst to host the US Kids World Championship for... ...
 RT  Be sure to gets the details on the 2010 US Kids Golf Pizza Night on August 5th from 5:30 to 7:30...go to pinehurstbusine ...
 Want to learn more about Pinehurst Resort's 22nd Annual Food & Wine Festival Sept 2-6? Visit 
 U.S. Kids Golf World Championship, one of the world's largest junior golf championships for kids ages 6-12, returns to Pinehurst, NC Aug 5-7
 Singer/Songwriter Christine Lavin brings anniversary concert to Aberdeen, NC 6pm Sunday Aug 1 at Postmaster's House, 204 E. South Street.
 Have visitors this weekend? Take them for a free wine tasting at Elliott's or check out the tasting list at Wine Cellar in Southern Pines.
   Moore County is growing. Is this a good thing or a bad thing? What do you residents think?
 The weekend of Aug 7-8 is a busy one in Moore County. You'll have to squeeze in the Robbins Farmers Day (7th) AND... 
 Come to "31st Annual Revolutionary War Battle Reenactment  " Saturday, August 7 at 9:00 am until <br />Sunday,... 
 The U.S. Kids Golf Teen World Championships start this week at Pinehurst, NC. The boys will be playing on... 
 August 7-8, Reenactment of the 1781 skirmish between Loyalist and Rebel militias at House in the Horseshoe, 324 Alston Road, Sanford, NC.
 WOW!! Fisherman catches alligator 'feeding frenzy' on video - CNN.com 
 Visit our "What's New" page for golf packages, current happenings, links to golf stories and more. 
 This week U.S. Kids Golf Teen World Championships are being held at Pinehurst, NC. Boys on Pinehurst Nos. 2, 6 & 8. Girls on Pine Needles.
 Chen Wins 2010 U.S. Girls' Junior Championship at CCNC, rallies to beat Katelyn Dambaugh, 3 and 2, in 36-hole final. 
  Oh, yes. Don't have to carry much cash that way & avoid charges incurred  ATMs, which are more than charges for using card.
 Sign up for our monthly email. E-newsletter alternates w/ shorter E-blast. Both inform of NC golf specials. Sign up at 
 Check this video out -- Tourism Pays for Denver and Colorado  -- applies to Pinehurst/Southern Pines NC, too!
 Golf Coupons!     US Kids Golf Special -  
 The Quarterfinal round of match play at the 2010 US Girls’ Junior, held at the Country Club of North Carolina in Pinehurst, starts today!
 But past Girls’ Junior champion (2007) Kristen Park was eliminated by Victoria Tanco, 16, of Argentina, in the third round.
 Medalist Kang into quarterfinals after 2 resounding victories in her second & third rounds of match play Thurs at 2010 US Girls’ Junior.
 And don't miss the Horse Farm Tour Oct 17, 2010! All proceeds benefit Prancing Horse Therapeutic Riding Center. 
  Check out our local therapeutic riding program at 
 RT  4-H's therapeutic horse riding program measured in smiles:  - Check our local program 
 RT  US Girls Junior going on now at CCNC in Pinehurst, NC. Live scoring at  ...
 Medalist Kang escapes with narrow win in her 1st round match at US Girls Jr. 
 RT  Interesting NPR story on golf - where's the industry going? 
 US Girls Jr. Championship - Kang won medalist honors Tues after shooting 3-under 141. She'll be the top seed when match play begins today.
 Danielle Kang (Thousand Oaks, CA) shot 5-under 67 to take 3-stroke lead after opening round of the US Girls Junior Championship yesterday.
 The US Girls' Junior Championship is going on this week at the Country Club of North Carolina in Pinehurst, NC.... 
 Kristen Park (2007 Champion) is the only Past Champion in the 2010 field.
 Cecily Overbey, High Point; Katie Kirk, Davidson; and Taelor Rubin, Raleigh.
 Hard to believe with as much golf as is played in this state, but only 3 girls from NC competing in US Girls' Junior Championship at CCNC.
 RT   Stroke play qualifying began at 7:30 am this morning. Follow real-time scoring at www.usga.org.
 9th Annual Blues Crawl this Sat 7/17 in Southern Pines, NC. Featured performer Seth Walker. Visit  for info and tickets.
 Thanks  for the RT. TGIF!
 RT    Four days till player registration! We are on site at CCNC and are so excited for a great championship week.
 RT   RT Mosquito Repellents: What Works? We hear all kinds of tips and tricks when it comes to.. 
  How about the NC Peach Festival in Candor, NC? 10am-3pm on Sat. the 17th. Yum!
 Annual Blues Crawl this Sat in Southern Pines, NC.  Featured performer Seth Walker. Visit  for info and tickets.
  NC Peach Festival in Candor, NC - just up the road from Pinehurst/Southern Pines!
 Great picture! We're hoping to see Tiger Hubbard at the US Kids Golf World Championships in Pinehurst, NC this Aug. 
 Don't miss the 55th Annual Farmers Day in Robbins, NC Aug 5-7, 2010. Lots of free entertainment! For a complete... 
 Come to "Annual Robbins Farmers Day Festival" Thursday, August 5 at 6:00 pm until <br />Saturday, August 7 at... 
 Nice article on great golf getaways in Atlanta Journal-Constitution, including Sandhills, NC. That's us! Visit... 
 Nice article on great golf getaways in Atlanta Journal-Constitution, including Sandhills, NC. That's us! Visit... 
 The 2010 USTA League Adult State Tennis Championships are going on in Pinehurst, NC this weekend. Players are in... 
 The 2010 USTA League Adult State Tennis Championships are going on in Pinhurst, NC this weekend. Players are in... 
 2010 Adult State Championships - That's My Bag 7.1.10
 Aberdeen, NC fireworks on July 3rd, not 4th.  RT   Find some fantastic Fourth of July fireworks near you: 
 Coupons for golf! Whispering Woods Golf Club Wonderful Wednesdays in July.  
 Check out Joe Zuckerman's article "The Glories of Pinehurst". In his words, "...an avid player can swing to their... 
 For local Moore County growers visit... 
 It's shaping up to be a "peach" of a season in NC.  
 RT  It's shaping up to be a "peach" of a season in NC. 
 Coupons! RT   Whispering Woods Golf Club Wonderful Wednesdays in July 
 N/S Men's Amateur - Match play competition continues w/ quarterfinal & semifinal action on Friday, with a 36-hole final on Sat, July 3.
 Chung will take on 41st-seeded Josh Eure of Crofton, Md., who upset 
 Top-seeded David Chung of Fayetteville, NC, easily advancing to Friday’s quarterfinal round of N/S Men’s Amateur Championship at Pinehurst.
