 RT   Don't miss the amazing  playing THIS afternoon at 4:30 in The Beacon Lounge in the Austin Conference C ...
 At  Interactive, looking forward to SXSW Music too! Handing out  VIP passes... look for me for passes!
 RT AnnySavvant Nu Classics were terrific last night at the Blue and Green Ball!
 Sustainable Living Fair today & tomorrow! The Bill Nershi Scott Law Duo headlining today. Also today, the Honey Gitters 
 Constitution and Lindsey O'Brien Band we awesome!. Coming up next- Fierce Bad Rabbit and then 3 Twins... Come on down! 
 Lindsay O'Brien Band is up next at SoPro at El Monte - College and Prospect, Ft Collins, Co -- 
 RT  SoPro Music Fest NOW at El Monte, feat. Constitution, Fierce Bad Rabbit, Lindsey O'Brien band 
 SoPro Music Fest is going on NOW at El Monte, feat. Constitution, Fierce Bad Rabbit, Lindsey O'Brien band 
 Don't Miss Tori Sparks at Nonesuch - Sunday, Aug 8 
 Don't miss Picking on Sustainability sponsored by SpokesBUZZ this evening starting at 6pm at the Bar SS in LaPorte Cover is only $5
  official AFTER BARK party at  Halnote at 8:30. Featuring your favorite local pickers!
 Great local bluegrass playing  NOW!  Mountain Standard Time,  The Holler!  
 Come join SceneSavvant's Jeffrey and Anny  today! Anny will be in the  both and Jeffrey will be EVERYWHERE! AR
 RT  Come join us at the SpokesBUZZ booth  .  Kip's there now, Anny at 2:30! Get the scoo ...
 RT  It's going on RIGHT NOW!!! Come on down for Bark and Bluegrass at Civic Center Park in Old Town Fort Collins http:/ ...
 RT  Final day of Proof No. 1 printmaking show ( Art Lab) 
 Don't miss the Bark and Bluegrass festival this weekend feat. Drew Emmitt band, the Honey Gitters, MST and The Holler - 
 Don't miss the Bark And Bluegrass festival! Follow them  Read about it at 
 RT  In Fort Collins? So much good music this weekend, and it's (almost) all free!  RT 
 RT  Bohemian Nights is giving away 2 FREE passes to the GREEN ROOM at the festival.  Get behind the scenes at one of...  ...
 RT  RT  is giving away 2 FREE passes to the GREEN ROOM at the festival. Get behind the scenes at one of... h ...
 Only 1 FREE TIX left for Saturday's Waterfront Festival - Wicked Messenger headlines! check it out here - 
 I have two FREE TICKETS to give away for Sunday's Waterfront Festival too - Spring Creek Bluegrass Band, MST, Billy Nershi's Blue Planet
 Who wants free tickets to Waterfront Festival  - Friday's show features Head For The Hills (two sets) and The Grant farm
 I have 2 FREE tickets for Waterfront Festival at Mishawaka for tomorrow or Sunday, and 1 for Saturday to give away right NOW.
 RT   interview of SpokesBUZZ bands by Gavin Dahl will be airing at 5:30MT this evening (Wed) on 88.9fm - 
 RT   playing at Darwin's Pub in Austin! Awesome!
 RT  3 connecting  flights, broke my boot and airline lost my bag...but made it to Austin.  Got to get to 
 RT  Day 1 at SXSW: a good nights rest from a long drive and we are ready to go see Austin. 
 Check out site for all the correct and up-to-date Twitter handles for all the  bands at  
 Oops! RT  our twitter account has changed from fbrmusic to fiercebadrabit with one 'b'
 Follow  artists via       
 RT   Come to FREE showcase Fri 3/19 w Fierce Bad Rabbit and Wire Faces -   
 In Austin? Come to  showcase featuring The Northern Way and Candy Claws -   
 Come see Ft Collins  showcase at  Fri 3/19 11a-6p, The Wave - no badge req'd  
 Hey  - How was Fierce Bad Rabbit ( at Road 34 last night? Did they rock the place?
 Where are YOU going to listen to live music tonight?
 Congrats Elyse Chudacoff, winner of 2 tickets to Hodi’s Half Note tonight to see Juno What? and The Nu Classics. 
 More FREE tix! Register on  for a chance for free tix to see Juno What? and NUClassics live at  TONIGHT!!!
 listening to KurtIsHuman at taproom  Catalyst. mellow singer/sgwrtr. sweet. heading to  for  later!
 FREE Ticket giveaway for TONIGHT's Show at Hodi's: GZA/Genuis of Wu Tang -  (via 
  sends local bands to  music festival in Austin - 
 listening to The Nurses  pulling in a good crowd
 RT  Only a few people registered for the Head For the Hills ticket giveaway... Lucky for them... great odds to win... http:// ...
 RT  Raised $1500 for Haiti relief at benefit last night. Thanks to all the bands, supporters and most of all everyone who came an ...
 Great night  The "Warm Project" Benefit w/ The Piggies,  The Nurses - 
 Fierce Bad Rabbit releases their New Video...Check it out! 
 Check out Project Smile, making a difference in the dental health of at-risk children in Larimer County. 
 Nice conversation going on regarding Making Time for Creativity -  (via 
 RT   Check out this Denver street musician w a cause-the state of live music. ^AR
  Thanks Patrick! I'm keeping your info on my phone in case I have too much fun :-) ^AR
 RT  Handmade Bike Show open this Friday night - rocket biked included. 
 Hey! We're giving away a pair of free tix for 3/13  show at The Aggie on  - just sign up!
 Whatcha doin' tonight? The Jim Jims w/Pep*Squad, Thrifty Astronaut - at are at Road 34  (via 
 RT  On Appendix E-J: Audio Treat: Nathaniel Rateliff (The Wheel) Daytrotter Session ()
 A recent Music Calendar update: Nathaniel Rateliff formerly of The Wheel plays  this Sat 
 Tune in today at noon to hear Fierce Bad Rabbit ( on Live on  88.9FM or stream it live at www.krfcfm.org
 88.9  Live with Other Side of Clearview at noon today! 
 check out  playing  tonight! Happy Birthday Nick and Ian
 RT  New photos are up from our recent photo shoot with Jessica Vandelinder.....
 RT  RT  “Google Wave was built to show younger people how older people feel when they try to use the Internet.” Ha! ...
 This is cool:  FRI: Wash Bar- fish & chips $5.99; PRINTABLECOUPONS- $5 at Pappy's, BOGO Matador, 
 A Compliation CD review covering many of Colorado's best! 1190 KVCU - The Local Shakedown, Volume 3 
  THANKS! :-)
 What's up tonight? Scene Magazine Presents: Nosaj Thing, Daedelus, and Jogger at Hodi's Half Note - 
  done! Would love the same at  ! :-)
  - contextual ads - yikes! your article about PSD teacher giving kids alcohol is displaying a liquor store ad!
 So glad  posted this so I didn't have to (not AI fan)! RT  Poudre junior competes to be 'Idol' 
 Who's going to  from  I know of     Who else?
 Check out  - Need a ride after over indulging? They'll drive you AND your car home... Cool deal...
 RT  Kevin Houchin is speaking on copyright law in our Main Gallery on Wednesday, 2/10 from 7-9 pm. CoCOA Lecture Series ...
 RT  Here's the Blue Eyed Briger  on 
 Oh! And please come check us out on Facebook! There's some interesting discussions afoot! 
 Catch the Light!  - Scene writer Sarah Vaeth reviews a really cool, but short-lived exhibit. Don't miss it!
 BTW, my 15yr old has vocal lessons with Cynthia Vaughn  and she thinks she's wonderful too! And so do I!
 Check out the new web site for  a  indie rock band with cello! 
 RT  First review by a 9yr old!: Miss Cynthia's studio is just so much about singing, and I love singing. 
 Don't forget to check out tonight's music calendar -- 
 RT  Driven down US-36 lately? Check out the great marquee!  -- Cool!
 ZARO playing at Lucky Joe's tonite... Awesome! Come on down!!!
  Thanks... It's great to hear varied thoughts, and why! We should do an article on your studio, btw!
 RT  School lockdown lifted after neighborhood incident 
  - Here's one you'll like -  tells you about Iridium flares  (This is Anny, btw :-)
 Thanks for the list-love  and  Much appreciated!
  That is the problem, isn't it! :-) I hear the newer Curves have touch pad... Like ball but tired of searching the floor
  Congratulations on Scene cover! Share your comments  here!  Invite your fans too!
  Have anything that will keep the rolly ball from getting knocked out of my Blackberry Curve? Losing my marbles, so to speak!
 Question: Should news services tweet all articles at once (ala   or spread out over time? Need your input!
 Check out article about us in !   
 Yay! SceneSavvant.com went LIVE today at !  
