 The Knowland Group Fact of the Day: We train   Masters using The Force: 
 Every day the Knowland database continues to grow – recently we added the 400,000th group! 
 We've grown our staff by almost 50% this year! We now have 150 employees:  And we're still hiring! 
 Training Jedi Sales Masters  
 RT  Enterprise 2.0 is happening in full force   & work getting done faster/better than ever.   ...
 Our product Target Net uses EchoSign. Very cool! RT  Adobe Acquires Digital Signature Company EchoSign - 
 In the age of Twitter, biz owners say word of mouth marketing is still essential!  
 Thanks for the shout-out! RT  Knowland Partners with Sofitel Luxury Hotels - bit.ly/n00dxH
 Knowland's Professional Business Development services will be used at 9 Sofitel Luxury Hotel properties! 
 Follow Knowland's Join the Revolution banner as it travels across the globe! First stop: London 
  says group deals are good for the travel industry: 
 Our  Leads App is available on iTunes:  Check it out and start selling for your 
 Wowing clients one city at a time! Check out our latest blog, Client Care the Knowland Way: Miami! 
  Why thank you! Have you used the app yet while out and about?
  Anytime!
 RT   intros smartphone lead generation app.   Guess I have to get out of the offic ...
 RT  Travel/tourism growth slows, Knowland Group honored, Chicago CTB rolls out new slogan, and more... tinyurl.com/3xfkegu
 Knowland has launched an augmented reality app for the iPhone--Smartphone Leads. Learn how to generate/track leads here! 
 The Washington Post on Knowland launching SmartPhone leads app for the Iphone! 
 The Knowland Town Hall: Summer edition 
 Knowland Honored by American Business Awards as Best Overall Company of the Year, CEO Wins Executive of the Year: 
  Thanks for the congrats and the info, we will check it out!
 Our two  awards from the  ceremony! 
 Thanks Jeff! RT  Congrats to  CEO of the Year 2011 American Business Award! Great job  ...!
 ...and our CEO  won Executive of the Year (Up to 100 employees) - All other industries! 
 Knowland won 2  last night in  Best Overall Company of the Year (Up to 100 Employees)! 
 Hotel soap helping save lives! 
 With the new social media dashboard in Target Net hotels can generate buzz and drive real revenue! Learn more here: 
 Cookin' up some competition at the Knowland Group 
 Target Net makes social media profitable for hoteliers: 
  neglecting   Knowland has the perfect solution with the enhanced Target Net! 
  Thanks for including us in the Social Media & Real Estate Collide piece!
 Sometimes growth can get a little loud here at the Knowland Group...but we don't mind: 
 RT  Property Management Software  Hotel Industry's Social Media Reach Revolutionized With Knowland's Target Net Tool ht ...
 Knowland partners with  Our clients can now send, sign and deliver from anywhere in the world!  
 RT  RT  A 15 year old girl who has terminal cancer wants to trend on twitter, help me make her wish come true!!  ...
 Got this email this a.m., great way to start the day! "We are considering switching...to your company and heard great things about Insight"
 We've made Target Net even better with new enhancements and instant  access! 
 Want to be in our next ad?? Go to our Facebook page and click on the "Knowland VIP" tab on the left side of the page: 
 As one of  Best Places to Work 2011, Knowland is featured in their slide show, "Life at Best Places to Work." 
 Great to have you on the Knowland team! RT   first day in dc office!
 Come work for a great team! RT  Product Manager opening in Sunnyvale, CA 
 For this story of great  , it's better to just let the client speak for himself:  
 Great to hear! RT  For me, working at  has been a fantastic opportunity. I love working here. 
 Check out our Join the Revolution ad in print on page 44 in  
 Our new ad is running in  today! Do you want to be the next Knowland VIP? DM or Facebook us! 
 1 more day until our ad is released! Do you want to be the next Knowland VIP? DM us & you could be our next model! 
 Target Net client Tonia Noonan Joined the Knowland Revolution and we made her look fabulous in our latest ad! 
 Hope everyone has a great  weekend! Here's a preview of our latest ad for  to end the  
 RT  This is how we meet  Knowland University between our offices in Maryland, DC, and Sunnyvale! 
 In case you missed it, here's a peek at our latest ad "Join the Revolution!" Enjoy!  
 RT  Job opportunity: Product Manager at The Knowland Group - San Francisco Bay Area  
 Knowland seeks Partnership Integration leader to develop strategic relationships with business partners. Apply today! 
 Here's a sneak peek of our latest ad for  See the full "Join the Revolution" ad on June 1! 
 Stay tuned tomorrow for a sneak peek of our latest  for  featuring Knowland client, Tonia Noonan as our model.
 Knowland employees living out our core values like never before! 
 What does it mean to be a great place work? Perspective from Knowland's Chief Learning Officer  
 What does it mean to be a great place to work? Error returned. Code: 500; Message: ALREADY_A_BITLY_LINK 
 Counting down the days til we release our latest ad in  It's  fashion-y and 
 We are finalists in five categories of the American Business (Stevie) Awards! Get the details here: 
 It's  And we are hiring in our  Salisbury, Md. and Lewes, Del. offices! Apply today:  
 New Director of Human Resources Coleen Collins is helping Knowland to grow in the right direction 
 We agree! RT  Hotel Resource shares on  Expansions...as a KG person, the growth is exciting. 
 I know I'm a few days late on this, but thanks  for featuring us in your CEO survey article.
 Thanks  for posting our press release about the  Top Places to Work ranking!
 Knowland client Tonia Noonan is the star in our new ad campaign!  We glammed her up like a supermodel. See the ad 6/1 in 
 Our  anniversary survey has been cited in Green Lodging News:    
 It's moving day for Knowland again as our Accounting, HR, & New Product Development teams move to a new space in Lewes 
 Good news for the hospitality industry! RT  Americans expected to vacation despite costs 
 Just sent the first ad off to  for our new ad campaign, "Join the Revolution!" Excited to see it in print!  
 Knowland CEO Michael McKean surveyed about the    in article for   
 We go the extra mile for our clients! Find out how far we go: 
 Guess which company has been named a finalist in five categories of The American Business Awards? Us! 
 Hotel World Asia and HA+D Online features our expansion into  
 It will becool to see how Skype evolves...RT  Microsoft buying Skype for $8.5 billion 
 Knowland Group Expands to China  
 A new way to showcase your  Show Off on  by  
 Knowland is named a Top Place to Work by The Washington Business Journal. What made us stand out from 300 others? 
  Is it a multiple choice survey?
  What is the survey all about?
 RT  In wake of killing of Osama bin Laden, travel advisories issued for citizens of US, UK, Australia...:  ...
 Tips from  on finding airfare deals! It's definitely important these days as prices skyrocket: 
 Excited to be starting service in China! 
 RT  Hotel revenues per booking in London will increase nearly 400% for royal wedding weekend.
 Great tips! RT  Building Online Trust: 7 Tips for Being Authentic Online  
 This is cool: RT  What Birthname Makes You Most Likely To Be CEO? 
 RT  Apple Officially Responds to Location Tracking Controversy - 
 Interesting: global  market is expected to grow from $40.7B to $241B by 2020, according to Federal News Radio.
 Thanks  We are happy to be able to provide you with the training services you need.
 Knowland is ranked one of the Washington Business Journal’s Top 50 Best Places to Work in Greater Washington!  
 Cool! RT  How hotels are adopting social media more than ever to connect with travelers ( 
 Airlines are riding the Twitter jet stream! RT  Airlines turn to Twitter to ease passengers' frustrations 
 One year after the Gulf Oil Spill, many coastal hotels are still recovering financially: 
 You can't lose when your employees are   We do it, too! 
 Get Your Sales Team Ultra-Motivated: A How-To Guide by Knowland CEO Michael McKean: 
 We're all loving the conference room in the new  office! 
 Agreed, beautiful photos! RT  Amazing! | Travel through time in the world's lost cities |   
 RIP Walter Breuning. RT  World’s oldest man dies at 114. This was his advice for a long life: 
  Both of those places have me practically drooling! I'll be sure to check them out. Thanks!
  Any suggestions for foodie havens in 
  Very true! But isn't there a tax extension until Monday?? BTW - I enjoy reading  it makes me hungry!
  Susan was licking wedding envelopes that ended up being toxic!
 Nothing stops Knowland's field research team! Not even a tornado and softball-sized hail in Tulsa, OK.  
 Thanks for the follow    and 
 Looks delicious! RT  NOMG. This is Holiday Inn food? 
 What is the future for  A good read: 
 A  competitor could be coming soon...
 RT  Business travel hits highest levels since recession began 
 Knowland hires record-breaking VP of Sales, Phil Saims. Under his leadership, KG shatters sales record: 
 RT  . CEO Tony Hsieh finds success by breaking the old-school business rules:  by  ...
 Offering great benefits to employees is the difference between a great company and a good company: 
 Rise & Grind, it's Monday morning!
 Inspiring quote! RT  "You can't control the waves, but you can learn how to surf."  
  Pain at the pump means meeting planners have to be smarter and more strategic:  
 Interesting social media article on mashable.com:  Coincidence that this coincides with 
 RT  Want an exciting career with a growing company? Opportunity for Advancement? Join the Knowland Group!  Apply at htt ...
 RT  HSMAI’s Affordable Meetings Survey Cites Interest for More Strategic Meeting Planning    ...
  ponders the launch of branded pages: 
 The Wall Street Journal featured us as a private sector company that is hiring! Thanks   
 RT  Beautiful day for a career change!  Check out our job openings in DC and apply online at .
 Tips to jumpstart your creative juices on a Monday courtesy of  How to Regain Your Lost Creativity: 
 What impact does the meetings industry have on the U.S. economy? The short answer - A LOT! 
 Happy April Fools Day and Happy Friday!  
 Good news on the job front   We are hiring, too!   
 I'm at The Knowland Group (623 H Street NW, 6th Street NW, Washington D.C.) 
 We agree! Great data is the foundation of our products RT  LinkedIn Founder: Web 3.0 Will Be About Data: 
 Our Chief Learning Officer  shares his expertise at the Elevate 2011 conference in CA:  
  Bill Cushard spoke on how to develop professional development programs at the "Elevate 2011" conference! 
 RT  Make a difference, join the Knowland Group team. Lots of openings due to unprecedented growth; apply on line http:/ ...
 Knowland Expands Washington DC Facilities with Move to Vibrant Chinatown 
 Knowland's survey of golf resorts featured in Corporate & Incentive Travel magazine!
 Knowland Friday Job Spotlight: We're looking for hot-shot sales pros, apply to work in our  office:   
 Attention all Sales Pros - we want you! Apply to be on our Enterprise Sales Team at our new  office:   
 Adding client value with proactive client care! 
 Interesting article  Why Sales Is Still Missing From Social CRM  That's why Target Net has social media tools!
 RT  Sales extraordinaire to work in   Experience in hotel sales management a plus. Join the Knowland Group team: ht ...
 For awesome customer service, go with Knowland and you can't go wrong: 
 To all  area Communications/PR professionals, the perfect job awaits you at Knowland:  
 The 2nd Annual Knowland Fitness Challenge is underway! Read my blog as a Fitness Challenge newbie: 
 Love to sell, sell, sell? We're looking for you!  area sales professionals, apply to work at Knowland:  
  interviewed our CEO  about our big move to DC's Chinatown: 
 Check out the rendering of awesome new building going up next door to us in Chinatown... 
 RT  Editor's Eye on Washington: Mind Share 2011: Ten Pearls, Personal, Knowland Group, TRX, Go Forth and Innovate - htt ...
 Calling all experienced sales professionals in  metro area, The Knowland Group is looking for you! Apply here:  
 RT    Spoke with another client  who was able to get their foot in the door with potential busine ...
 Knowland CEO  is featured on  for being part of Mindshare 2011, an elite group of CEOs: 
 Attention PR/Communications Professionals: Join our team! Apply to be the Communications Director at our DC HQ: 
 Let us know how it went! RT  Starting a webinar with  (Knowland University) in 15 minutes - ready to learn!
 RT  Fill in the blank: "My favorite thing about traveling is _____!" Please RT!
 Signs that spring is coming: the sun is shining, the birds are singing, and the Knowland Fitness Challenge has begun! 
 Great kickoff for the 2011 Knowland Fitness Challenge today. Over 40 employees are participating! Pics to follow...
 Check out photos of Knowland's office and sign in Washington DC, Chinatown! 
 The Knowland Group's headquarters is moving to DC! Read about why we decided to relocate to historic Chinatown: 
 Golf Resort Bookings on the Upswing: Travel Mole cites our survey in their article: 
 RT  Txt REDCROSS to 90999 to make a $10 donation to  eq & Pacific  relief. 
 Hoteliers' Top Five Customer Service Complaints About Meetings Management Software  
 RT  Hotel recovery tied to economic rebound:  
 See the progress of our new Chinatown office: 
 ChooseMaryland featured The Knowland Group for bringing 200 jobs to Salisbury! Read it here: 
 Knowland recognized by Maryland as a top private sector employer for bringing 200 jobs to Wicomico County! 
 One of our Professional Business Developers talks about his recent successes with a new client. 
 RT  Knowland Group survey reports that golf resort groups are rebounding, with nearly 3/4 expecting bookings rise http:// ...
 RT  Working on Knowland strategy at harvard biz school library  
 Golf Resort Business Moving Out of the Rough: ‎62% of resorts surveyed by Knowland have seen recent increase in bookings 
 RT  With 80% planning to take more or same number of business trips in 2011, how can your hotel differentiate itself?
 RT  Social Media and Storytelling for Hotels  
 RT  Smith Travel Research  releases an optimistic 2011 and 2012 forecast.... 
 “I Can Never Get Anyone on the Phone and They Charge Me for the Air I’m Breathing” - top 5 customer service complaints 
 Don’t Let Bed Bugs Bite Your Business: 
 RT  Good for our diets > Hotel Chain Appealing to Guests on Special Diets | ehotelier.com News Archives 
 Hotels Can Score a Touchdown with Super Bowl Business! Find out how by reading here:
 Travelocity Releases 2011 ‘Traveler Confidence Report’. Survey Shows Travel and Spending Intentions Look Strong.  
 Knowland CEO Michael McKean talks about how Knowland's customer service never takes a snow day in the WSJ! 
 RT  Stay organized and prepared with these 12 event budgeting tips from About.com   
  Groundhogs Phil and Chuck in NYC and PA predicting early spring!
 RT  Brands to capitalize on new global travelers  
 At Knowland, we build our Client Care around YOU - by focusing our trained professionals by region.
 Check out the great progress being made on Knowland's new Chinatown office in DC!! 
 RT  5 Tips to Successful Team Building Conferences   
 RT  Hotel performance for Jan. 16-22, per  occupancy +6.5% to 49.8%, ADR +2.6%, RevPAR +9.3% San Francisco/San Mateo le ...
 RT  The iPad's ripple effect 
 Target Net Goes Mobile! It's fast, fun and easy to use. As a happy Knowland client said, "You are changing the world!" 
 RT  It’s Officially time to buy Hotels
 RT    group commitments for  3 weeks ago were ahead of where  was at that time LY by 4.9% htt ...
 Think online reviews don't matter all that much? Think how you'd feel if you made  list of dirtiest hotels: 
 We brave the snow, sleet, rain and hail for our customers. Mother Nature won't keep us from working, no way: 
 RT  Another solid week for US hotel performance: occupancy +6.5% to 49.8%, ADR +2.6% to $96.39, and RevPAR +9.3% to $47. ...
 Knowland CEO  discusses how hoteliers should be using Twitter to grow their business. 
  employee promotion program is featured today in Hospitality Net, Hotel Resource & HotelierPortal: 
 News about  staff increasing by nearly 40% is featured today on Citybizlist.com ( 
 The Knowland Group Puts an End to the Dead End: 
 At Knowland, we take care of our clients. Read our blog to find out what we do to "wow" 'em! 
 Knowland's Reader Board Service surveyed 65,845 events to find the Top 10 Group Events during the College Bowl Series. 
 Client Care the Knowland Way: Salt Lake City. Love it when I get the chance to help a client make better use our products 
 The Knowland Group Hiring Blitz Takes Off:  Knowland staff increases by nearly 40 percent!!
 At Knowland, the work of adding client value is never complete! 
 RT  Knowland Gives Hoteliers New Insight into Business Development: The New and Improved Leads Database Includes Det......
 Knowland University provided the tools I will need to succeed. Check out my blog post to see what I learned! 
 Knowland Gives Hoteliers New Insight into Business Development 
 I graduated from Knowland University! Read my blog to find out what I really learned in training class: 
