 PS:  I'll be *disconnecting to* --- I loved reading your post before my trip. A GREAT reminder of the purpose of disconnecting!
 Going off the grid for a week or so...really looking forward to it! See ya on the flipside!
 Contribute Your Voice ( 
 Twitter: the welcome wagon for new faculty  Hey,  My advice: sign up to write for  (wink 
   Hee, Hee :) 
 .  Shervette, I hope you'll consider adding your voice to an   project called  You'd be great! TIA!
 Agree! RT    should come to the best farmers's market in ATL—the Grant Park Farmer's market, Sundays 10-2.
 So proud of my cousin, Wes Jones, co-founder of  Excellent gelato.   
 Holy  Best gelato in Atlanta...find 'em all over town in their food truck!  :)
 Hey  folks, you'll appreciate this re:  cheating scandal   (h/t 
   I may have to bail on this one! I'm going 2 b fully unplugging this afternoon for 10-ish days! Next time, I'm in!
   Group Skype? G+ Hangout (not sure what that is, actually)? Chat? Tomorrow? :) 
 After rdg Cutting4Stone (Verghese), I reflected on connection btw med/ed 'Opening Doors'   
 RT  Abraham Verghese: Physicians must communicate "I will see you through this. I will never abandon you. I will be with you th ...
 Love seeing tweets from  about Abraham Verghese's  Talk.  So many connections btw medicine and education!
 RT  TY 4 following,  Hope to see  folks apply to write for  We launch Aug 1st! 
 RT  Just emailed  Board Member  Hope he'll write for   & encourage others t ...
  You'd be awesome, SE! Hope you are having a good summer!
 Way to go,  From the web to reality, physics teachers collaborate to better serve students   
  If you haven't checked out the English Companion Ning, you should:  You'll certainly find something to help w/ ?
 Cool! Do it! RT  Amanda, great presentation! As someone said "It was her favorite presentation." Let's present together nxt yr!
 Solid group. You are right, MB! RT  So proud of Trinity educators sharing their passions and stepping out! 
 Classic! RT  Sitting w/  at Rendezvous.Talking abt next years conference & preregistration for 8 presos!  
 Hotlanta. Home Sweet Home. And instead of Peabody ducks, I've got the dog! Great couple of days in Memphis at 
  was wonderful! Great group of Trinity ppl & attendees! RT   Its been a great experience!
 RT  Hey  tweeps from ATL—join a project that uses technology to share stories of learning: 
 And then...if you do share a computer, does it turn off after 50 minutes when you must tasks (aka "switch class periods")  
 In session about "going 1:1" -- First question to adults who push back: Do you have a computer at work? Followed by: Do you share it? 
 LOVE! RT  I am having fun playing with Photo Story for Windows in  session at  Love it!
 Being at  w/ such a diverse group of US/international educators reminds me of the Trinity group headed to Zimbabwe: 
 Nice!  is being introduced by a participant in her workshop -- she's such a celeb!   
 WOW,  &  ASB Online Acad is a powerful resource for various constituents.   
 For parents, we must teach them the technology to ensure that they learn the facts so as not to be scared by the fiction. 
 RT  Thanks to  for creating/tweeting this:Share related resources LI11via this Diigo group  G ...
  Welcome! Certainly connect with  - JH Principal Learner at Westminster in Atlanta, GA. 
 And, by future,  means  RT  The future is now!      
 SO impressed w/ American School of Bombay's approach to parent communication & thoughtful implementation re: digital c'ship  
 Hey  and  thanks for your kind words re: my session! Appreciate ya!
 Love seeing Trinity connections! RT    Cant wait to start a class wiki! Thanks for the inspiration!
 Awesome Trinity teacher  on presentation number 1 of 2 at   
 Totally packed session at  with Trinity teacher  Saying NO! To PowerPoint!   
 Proud of Trinity School (Atlanta) folks!   and  (x2) present today at  Then home to summertime!
 Gr8 Way to Start Day! RT  Love the powerful idea by  "Rather than spoon feed ppl tech integration, empower them." 
 Same here! Night w/ Trinity ppl! RT     Missed seeing you tonight, but was hanging w/ my StC peeps :)
  Hope all is well, Bart! Good to see ya briefly! I think I know someone who has used the GApp thing. Or knows someone.
 RT  Has anyone at  used Google App Inventor w their students? Want to learn more about its potential in the classroom.
 Excited to present at  at 11:00 on Tuesday. Session info:     
  Hey! Sat next to Bill from GDS on the bus today -- not sure how your name came up, but small world. Hope you had a good day!
 Hey  my friend & colleague  got in touch w/ you re: Flat Stanley and GRAloud! Hope it works! Amanda is great!
 RT  Interesting in  project? Click here to learn more (and apply):     
 If there are any learners at  from the Atlanta area, hope you will chk out  - gr8 project for 11/12  
 .  I love free rice for me and for students (re: vocab) --- never knew  math, geog, chem, language,  humanities  represented 
 Who knew!? FreeRice has English AND four other languages  (Spanish, German, French, Italian)  
 GO KARA! And welcome to Twitter! RT  Thank you  for opening my eyes to the power of Twitter at your PLN session! 
 In "Integrating Technology in the New IB Curriculum for Foreign Languages" w/ Oanh li11 - hoping to get some World Languages Inspiration!
 The Networked Teacher graphic referenced in   preso. It's a good one. 
  Welcome --- looking forward to learning from you!
 RT  YouTube "Where Good Ideas Come From" Steven Johnson 
 LOTS of experts in the room.  modeling who's who in our room of 20 or so ppl (& their expertise):   
 LOVE this ... way to intro tchrs to the power of Twitter at  
 Sitting in   session about building learning networks. Great group ...  
   reflection form: 
 Love this! Trinity tchrs will like this!  RT   love this photo analysis tool from the national archives 
 Teachers & Techies love free stuff.  giving away his book via QR code   
 Love chatting w/  &  abt pushing past the "cool" factor w/ QR codes and moving toward authentic upgrade. 
 RT  "kids may be "tech literate" but they are not "life literate" yet"  
 Full house for   presentation on online book clubs in his 5th grade class  
 Interesting take on TESCO's use of QR codes:  and  post 
 RT   on power of QR Codes at  
 Just filled out a super quick refection after session 1 at  -  created this form for anyone who wants to use it 
 Julia Kuipers - growth mindset! She asks participants for push-back to engage in dialogue about World Languages  (love!)
 Nice!  and  getting a shout-out re: "teacher to lead learner" distinction by Julia Kuipers, Trinity teacher 
 Julia Kuipers - Here's the Google Doc for her World Languages Presentation:  
 Julia Kuipers - Here's the Google Doc for her World Languages Presentation: 
 Love learning new things about Trinity's WL Program via Julia Kuipers preso: she uses "group problem solving" as reflection 
 RT  "We grow the most when we think about ourselves as learners." - Julia Kuipers from Trinity School in Atlanta 
 LOVE! So glad you are a Trinity Parent! RT   can't wait for my son to start World Languages next year! (
 SO impressed w/ Julia Kuipers (WL) & her  incredible teaching practices - formative ass'mt, anecdotal notes, metacognitive  practice 
  Lausanne Laptop Institute in Memphis, TN. 1:1 conference yearly in July
 Trinity World Languages teacher Julia Kuipers rockin' her  preso!  
 Truth. RT  a true student of HHJ.
 And we sitting next 2 each other! RT  Finally got to meet  in person!  In a session  abt world languages  at her school.
 Julia K: What's the tchr's role in blended clsrm? Extend learning opps, monitor student progress, lead reflection (1on1 & group) 
 Anyone want to use this as a quick way for  folks to reflect directly post-session: 
 1st Trinity preso at 11:00am w/ Julia Kuipers, World Langs - she'll address the shift from expert on stage 2 facilitator of learning. 
 Not sure abt this blanket statement of cutting -- I like & think "upgrading" curric/content instead. RT  Teach less content. 
  Back on the doc...trying to take notes w/o my bias and comments is really very difficult. Having hard time.
 Don't love idea abt "overloading" kids in sch so they "won't be on FB" - Need 2change that mindset. Abt active, authentic lrng. 
 RT  Interesting idea of switch from calling people vs. calling places.  Children 2007-??? will never know calling "home"  ...
 As we talk abt "what history do these kids not have" at  I think of all of the txtbks that are out of date re: South Sudan.
 Taking collaborative notes on this google doc for  keynote: 
 Uh oh...I'm one of three official note takers for  keynote and the connection is super slow...may be calling on  or 
 Getting started w/  at  ...  
  Totally!   is focused on n'wk building...and empowering self-directed learning. F2f and online.
 Early am July run in Memphis for  quite different than early am run in Philly for  
  New pic...like it! Good thing b/c I was forgetting what you looked like! See you in a couple weeks...when things are back 2 normal!
 A blog post brewing about my last tweet from  ...
 Essential ?s : RT  What's the purpose of school when all the content is available online? How do we make the time meaningful? 
 Love the diversity here at  30 states, 13 countries! Looking forward to meeting lots of new people!
 Checking in at the Peabody w/    
  Niiiiiiiiiiiiiiice!! Klingon reunion time at  Totally pumped!
 Headed to Memphis for Lausanne Laptop with some awesome Trinity folks! Looking forward to the  reception tonight!
 Love! RT  Committed to being a lifelong lrnr, at 51 and a grandma, I'm beginning my career as a tech teacher of elem age children.
 Yes!  will play a role.  RT  NP: A few thoughts on the Atlanta Schools Scandal: 
 RT  Another great post on the Atlanta Schools Scandal: The big us 
 Trinity School (Atlanta) Educators Present at Lausanne Laptop Institute 2011  
 Wow. Check out  from FirstDaysOfSchool (Wong) re: failure.  
 Years ago I was given FirstDaysofSchool (Wong)...as were hundreds of thousands of other new teachers. I found it tonight. (part 1)
 Loved chatting w/  2nite...discussing teaching n' learning...and a bit of fodder for her Lausanne Laptop preso (not-to-miss!) 
 A beautiful reflection. Everything/one has deep roots. Must examine closely/carefully. RT  7.7.11  
 "When my life & the lives of others are on the line, it’s probably best not 2 disrupt a system I don't understand."  
 Atlanta Public Schools’ Twitter feed, at least, shows candor 
 Headed to  w/ 6 awesome Trinity teachers (     and soon-to-tweet Julia K)
  Look forward to meeting you f2f at 
 Super proud of my friend   & participating  schls re: Global Online Academy  
 Super proud of friend   &  schls re: Global Online Academy  
 Very well said, Vicki. RT  Klout's not what it's all about.      
 RT  RT  10 Ways to Think Differently about Teaching and Learning 
 Coincidence: This  (mentioned in  artc) led me 2contact  re: Trinity/W.Lang. Had gr8 convo today!
 Love  Disruption of Blended Learning article:  (gr8 info re: disruptive v sustaining innovation)
 Systematic Cheating Is Found in Atlanta’s School System:  A Dark Day, Indeed.
 Georgia Shrimp + Quaker Grits. Yummo.  
 A(nother) Vision of Students Today RT  Michael Wesch & students new project & video: 
 RT  Make your voice one of the  this school year. To contribute to  click here: 
 My fav quote: "If you spent as much energy letting go as you do to controlling, it will happen." Love   
  Todd, I hope you'll check out  & apply 2 write for a day during 11/12 SY. Please spread word 2 GA folks! TIA!
  Cerese, I hope you'll check out  & apply to write for one day during 2011/12 SY. Please spread word to GA folks!
 "Anyone who recognizes the sacramental value of a homegrown tomato sandwich can be my spiritual director." Amen, Barbara Brown Taylor! Amen.
 Sunset. Perfect.  
 "Literature can do many things; sometimes it can do the most important thing." Thanks Pat Conroy for MyReadingLife - truly a fine read.
   And, yes, I just looked up Duluth to see where *exactly* it was in relation to "Atlanta" 
   Seriously, JK! Pack those bags! Laura & I could give work to do! Who knew Duluth was  for "best places to move"?
 Wow,  LOVE  esp the structure: what I learned, my learning path, future learning: bit.ly/jy5S7k (h/t 
   Aw, Kern! Hope in that suitcase...we'd love to host you in Hotlanta...and we'll guarantee that it'd be hot and humid!
  Even managed to write a posts abt Cutting4Stone whch would be rare during SY  and  (pt 2/2)
  Energized by how my fiction rdg is helping me reflect on edu issues...less energy 2 "notice/reflect" during yr re: fiction (pt1/2)
  Looking forward to meeting you at 
  You should start soon....very good book. I think you'll certainly connect to it -- and I know you love PC!
  And, I need to update our URL: pilot is  but actual live site is:  TIA!
  Vicki, I've been meaning 2 ask u 2 chk out a project I'm working on w/ a few others inc  Need ur voice: 
  Now PatC  "Since she did not attend college, she looked to librarians as her magic carpet n2 serious intell life."
 Now onward 2 Pat Conroy's -My Reading Life- which will make me want 2 re-read his greats! Esp -Water is Wide- a solid read 4 every educator.
 -Cutting4Stone- deals sentcs like these: "I saw a man under the spell of his own tale, a snake charmer whose serpent has become his turban."
 Just finished Verghese's Cutting for Stone. Wow.
 RT  "He totally would have had an iPad": 10 things you didn't know abt Mr. Jefferson  ... Happy 4th of July!
  I'll be at  w/ six Trinity teachers. Looking forward to catching up! Also in ATL early Aug...would love to chat WorldLangs.
  So, I'd say Georgia is known for its peeeeeaches, peanuts, and grits. Vocab check Kathleen: define: (noun) a grit or grits ;)
 Three days. Three states. Three beaches. Now I'm staying put at the Gulf for at least seven sunsets. Glorious!
 RT  It's Social Media Day ( -  is making learning social. No better day to sign up! 
  TY for ur kind words & comment on the post! Love your "noticings" - reminds me that it's ok to learn on vacay! 
 Excited! RT  Both proposals 4  accepted. Looking forward 2 having  join me for one on Deep Rdg & New Media Literacies.
 Love this! RT  wish u could go 2 med school? Mini med school is fun, free & doesn't require studying 
  Thanks John! Kinda shocked I mustered the nrg to marry blogging and vacation!  does it well... notsomuch. :)
  Thanks John!
  just read your post...exciting that you're in Boston AND doing good, hard work. AND dev'ping new lenses re: your teaching nxt yr.
 Yep! 8 by  folks! RT  Looking for high quality presos on 1:1? Attend  7.10-13 
 Hey  - Would love for you to add your voice [and recruit others] to "local edu" project  Info: 
 Hey  this visual seems like it'd be interesting food for thought w/ your work today: "Sharing is the Work" 
 Excited to learn alongside more  folks soon! RT   Hope the learning is going well! Possibilities seem endless.
   on "what happens when we push change too fast, too hard & w/o understanding of those who r doing the changing"
 Solid ex of the imp of being a tech-savvy LEARNER. RT  Connected Principals I wasn’t there, but I was CONNECTED 
  ...on a regular basis, embedded in school day, ard a central purpose. Great value in a PLC or CFG model for learner growth
  Really solid article. Glad 2connect w/ you here! Trying 2 figure out PLCs/elem level. Seems easiest in ISs too. Esp mid/high.
 RT  Sand Castles as Emerging PBL  (Bo, couldn't help think of ur post!  
 And,  and   and  I should have added  to the  and  list!
 Between  &  there are LOTS of opportunities to "drop in" and learn (for free) (on vacation) (poolside if I want)
 RT  Any learners from  at  If so, considering sharing your voice    ...
 TY  &  4 Doors Open ( It's past time 4 collaboration & transparency in ALL schls  
  Can't put it down. Yesterday, day consisted of 350 pages, 2 naps, a beach run, and KEst, of course! Miss ya - c ya in a few wks!
 Sitting on back porch w/ book, Cutting for Stone, listening to pm t-storms roll through the marsh/beach. Rain falling on tin roof. 
 John Burk’s Mushy Love Ode To His Online PLC  (totally agree, 
  Congrats to you, Laura! That's awesome! But I always thought it was that two Megans made perfect...ha! Best of luck at  :)
 En route to the beach for a couple of weeks with a not-so-energized copilot:  
 Good post which reminds me of Trinity's World Languages Program. It's certainly evolving for 2011/12! Failure to Evolve 
 Purpose&play drive lrng. RT  The Future Of College: Forget Lectures & Let The Stus Lead  
 "Children grow into the intellectual life of those around them." RT  Lev Vygotsky Quote and Web 2.0 Pondering 
  Looking forward to seeing you in Memphis! Coming with six Trinity teachers on Sunday eve -- see ya soon!
 And that's  genius at work! RT  Klingenstein Reflection Day 5/6: Dwight vs. Alfie  
 rdg blog posts & tweets of  participants = solid example of a powerful lrng ntwk. definitelty  in nj
 Pretty pumped that friends  &  are set to be 2012  True that the3six5.com gets better each year!
 It’s about learning -- and relationship, personhood, communication. Not technology.  (part 2 of 2)
 We return to those “child at the center” stories from the morning. All of the stories are about learning.  (part 1 of 2)
 Thanks for the RTs  and  LOTS of learning and stretching happening over the summer at Trinity!
 Now the  retreat is earnestly tackling the following issue: "Technology Labs: Concept and Practice - What’s in the Future?" 
 According to  Future of library is a cross between NASA Command Center and a Three Ring Circus  
 Talking abt Trinity's Media Center in 2011 and Beyond - Love that I can reference  May Challenge  
 Yes! RT Students engaging in authentic expression of their learning through the use of technology. I think this is HUGE.
 Love this from  "acknowledge that we cannot slow student learning to match the comfort of teachers’ abilities"
 These stories so crucial to kids -- reason we are gathered as a tech team. Essential to keep "child at center" as we look ahead 
 At a tech retreat w/ a large Trinity group: taking 30 mins to talk abt "high tech, high touch" & our 1on1 mngful experiences w/ kids 
 RT  ...knowling that at some point in the day I have to put it down in pixels."  Apply here:  ...
 RT  Wise words from an  applicant: "Because just as much as anyone, I need to wake up thinking "what will I learn t ...
 Just saw the "real book version" of this and it's hilarious (and a good convo starter) -- . "It's a Book" by Lane Smith.
 Reading   reflections each evening is inspiration (to be a better educator) enough! Lucky 2 "learn w/ her" 4 these 2 wks
  Excellent! Your voice will be valuable! Please pass along to your colleagues/friends who may be interested. 
 Hey GA Learners: would love for you to contribute:     
 RT  GREAT applications rolling in for  ---- must fill 180 days with 180 diverse voices from learners (in Atlanta).  ...
 Visiting  to check out language resources... Wonder abt paper vs digital 
 Beautifully said. RT  A Father's Day Essay: June 19, 2011: Arik Hanson -  
  10:30 at AIS. See you there! Be thinking of a lunch place...or tell IH to be thinking of one :)
  Seems like Philly was ages ago! And seems like all is (very) well at  Love seeing tweets/posts...enjoy your time in NJ!
  you? Ha! :) RT  $38 4 1 wk of Youth Tennis Camp at Skywater Tennis in Lilburn ($85Value) 
   I'll be C'ville-ing in November! Let's make a weekend of it!  could travel from NC! Woot!
 Hey  would love for you to write for  on one day btw 8/1/11 and 5/28/12 - thx 4 considering! 
  Pearl is thinking abt a Nov reunion/unconf/Educon-type event. Would be really great, I think! Look 4ward 2 mtg u f2f at some pt!
 Love the strong Kling ntwk! RT  RT  Great conversations happening at   Follow along for the next 2 wks!
 RT     Pearl Kane: "great teachers leave the profession if they are not challenged." I'm looking forwa ...
 Nice  Best of luck to all involved w/  Wish I could be there (or at  viewing party) 
 And we get to lrn w/ you! RT  Excited to start edu-journey! Heading 2  for 2 wks of lrng! Reflections: 
 RT  June 16, 2011:  Bo Adams  via  
  Nice first tweet, KS^2! And, I went with Respectful Use Policy (in the email to the parents...). Cheers!
 Hmmmm...  & I want to know. From an AUP to a RUP: respectable, responsible, respectful -- what are your thoughts?
 Some serious  planning going on w/  tonight. Getting ready for 8/1/11 start date. 
  And, that they can actually come up with a way to LEARN and SHOW their learning via various/different assessments 
 My friend  is doing some + things w/ ass'mt. Really moving fac/stus 4ward in understanding and action  
   I worry that many don't even know the fundamental difference in "grades," assessment, & feedback. Major edu needed
 Jumping in to  -- love seeing some old and new friends here! Focus is standards based assessment or form/summ assesment in general?
  It's certainly delicious. Really pumped about  and what they've got going. Already in a few shops/restaurants!
 If you haven't read "How to Land Your Kid in Therapy" , it's a must read for all educators (parent or not). 
  can't wait to hear abt your time at the high! love the personalize thing - definitely what we're trying to do at Trinity!
 Love this. RT  When I find a way to personalize my lrning  it sticks with me more. I increase sense of wonder.
 Hey  &  you should know abt Honeysuckle (  &  
 I'm so proud of my friends over at  Great media coverage for the best gelato in  : 
 BoA, you didn't!! Classic! :) RT   Be the beard! Prototype  on beard & send pics. It's abt lrning...and it's abt beards!
 Hope y'all will share tons of  goods,  &  Super jealous of your time w/  folks! 
 So,  &  year there was  (hashtag?) to follow. This year, will  carry the KSI '11 torch? 
 RT  Jim Tracy at ISAS: Educating Today: A Guide for the Perplexed:  (thx to 
  Will you remind me of the Level 1 - 4 "phrases" (eg: deep end, etc...)
 Awesome post, John! RT  new post: twitter and blogging as guerrella professional development: 
  Good question Molly...would love to offer a couple of ideas! Look into Diigo for one...
  Idea-paint wall provides great space for collaborative thinking -  
   I've got a serious case of IPE. Idea Paint Envy.
  Here you go! Greendisk.com has all of the info 
  Happy to do so but what's the recycle technology box? :) Where is it?
 Nice  post by   We must engage in the unknown & do the difficult work as we journey twd understanding.
 And w/  1st tweet, Trinity School's Acad L'Ship Team is officially "on Twitter"   
 "Let's Build Something Together" with  &  . I read this and felt happy to know you two smarties.
 Really enjoyed reading this! TY Brendan! RT  The  Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via 
  Meredith! It's SUCH a good book. I'm glad you enjoyed it. I'm working on -Cutting for Stone- now...enjoying it. Happy summer 2 u!
 RT  Big pollinators, hummingbirds consume 2/3-3 times their weight in food daily. As educators, quite an aspiration for ...
 And thanks to  and  for sharing those two links!
 Funny. "Twitter’s Secret Handshake" on NYT  -- this list is helpful for educators though: 
  Won't be ard 4  but reflection plays a key role in improving practice. See  4 a project that encourages reflection
 A Recap of April's test of   "What did you learn today?" Must read posts here:   
 RT  Doing some summer work to prepare for the  launch on August 1st. 180 voices. 180 stories. Will you share yours?
  Thanks! It was easy (minus that whole PC thing...argh!) & fun to see the teachers' enthusiasm. 1of1007 things checkd off list
 Some insightful comments on  post RT  Multiplicationsmackdown:KhanvsViHart—who’sgotthe ‘insight’? 
 Love hearing of ur adventures, LD! Excellent pic of hall/classroom. RT  Ameson China June 2011: Off to School 
  check out your starring role (and I love that I can always count on you to help me with some humor!)  :)
 A very BIG thank you to  for  at Trinity School. A small token of our appreciation: 
 .  Love her. And love "The Summer Day," Tell me, what is it you plan to do with your one wild & precious life? 
 Love! RT  Hearing fantastic changes in pedagogy based on personalized lrng portfolios.  The opportunities are endless! 
 Hey  this is your end of the year present:  (beats kittens! inspired by kittens! I think) 
 Introducing Trinity's Personal Lrng Portfolio to new faculty today. Starting off with "The Teachers" by Mary Oliver 
 
  UGH! Might try to borrow a Mac this wkd (and thus be converted forever!) and figure it out...we'll see. Have a GR8 weekend!
  Why would I EVER try to make a movie w/o a Mac? WHY? 
 Proud of my fellow  buds - just submitted  Proposal for Seattle. 
 Proud of my cousin and his new company  Website launched today: . 
 RT  Rock/Paper/Scissors at Trinity! -  (How to harness this energy for 2011/12 SY?)
 Talking w/ Trinity tchrs abt VALUE of personalizing learning. Trinity's online lrng profile&portfolio = vehicle for mtg needs of 21stC lrnrs
 Hey   eagles do h'made peach ice cream & garden-grown 'maters 4 a southrn b'fast of champs! 
 Wait a minute, BA! You are my  inspiration! Don't fail me now!!! RT   Wow...that is a late tweet for you ;)
  :) just talked to you....and just saw this! you are ahhhmazing! so lucky to work with you!
    A++. AND, if you use Tweetdeck, it auto*magically* shortens the URL address into a bit.ly :)
 .  with that tweet, you know you've got a  reply in 3..2..1.. [*bless his heart* cause it is all about those Canucks!] :)
 RT   I get it...bring in the Canadians and then people want to tweet! Excited for all new Trinity teachers lrning on  ...
  Looking forward to  this summer and next year!
  It means Follow Friday...I rarely use it but it's a way for ppl to share who is especially helpful in their network (on Fridays)
 Awesome Trinity learners include:  (1st)  (1st),  (5th)  
 Awesome Trinity learners include:  (2nd),  (1st),   
 Trinity (ATL) learners r exploring Twitter & networked learning thx 2  &  educators to  on a Tuesday) (pt1/4)
 Thank You,  for the  -- got some great new Tweeps from Trinity School (Atlanta) to follow...see next few tweets in a sec.
 Very appreciative of dedication of Trinity educators at  (w/ guidance by  Solid connections, conversations, & NOW: action
    If you search the hashtag (the  sign)  you will see all people who r tagging their tweets w/ that hashtag
  Hey girl! Just experiment with it...you'll learn as you go/grow. 
 See this,  Molly, u r adding so much! RT  learning so much at  Feeling empowered to continue my growth...
  Thanks Laura. Look forward to de-briefing with you at some point. Lots of interesting things happening...
 .  just got a shout-out from  during  -- this student is modeling networked lrng for our teachers
 Big ideas: from   1. We need to learn alongside our students.
 Big ideas: from   1. We can no longer work in isolation (classroom tchr vs. school tchr).
 RT  "We need to transfer the ownership of what's happening in the classroom to our students."   Let the kids ...
 In   is exposing teachers to issues re: info literacy.   resources are good 
 .  and  Instead of an "A"," I think Andrew seemed to be operating in "Level 4" Land. In the DEEP END. 
 .  and  Instead of an "A"," I think Andrew seemed to be operating in "Level 4" Land.  In the DEEP END.
 Learning Communities: teachers and students work in teams to accomplish authentic outcomes. What does this look like at Trinity? 
 Autonomy, Mastery, Purpose In Schools: A: directing own learning, M: deep practice, P: authentic contribution.  
 RT  Wow. "I dropped out of school, because my schooling was interfering with my education". Pretty powerful statement.  ...
    -- maybe it can be my first iMovie experience! I want to do it! It's something that I need/want to learn!
  Nope! Just a team building thing! Hope you are feeling better!
  Hey -- can we plan to video a Trin "what's my sentence  for the first day of school (record during preplanning)? 
 Important msg 4 ALL schls. RT  Next session  - "Collaborate. Create. Learn. (Creating the schools our kids need)" 
  Here's the link to TodaysMeet for  Day 2: 
  YES. Love it. Planning a Learn for our faculty this yr re:  Mindset.  I estimate that about 1/2 of our faculty have read it.
 It's a learning process for all of us learners...at Trinity and elsewhere. RT  Love hearing Trinity Le… (cont) 
 I propose that we, as teachers, would NEVER say...."I'm sorry, LEARNING IS NOT MY THING." Nor would we ever let our kids say that. 
 How often do we say/hear this: "___________ is not my thing." Fill in blank w/ technology or math or whatever. Must shift mindset. 
 Love that  is pushing back on tech lab (teachers sending kids to lab for "tech time")  at  -- must be embedded in base clsrm
 Who knew that  was a master rock-paper-scissors player (vs.    
  So, what's that saying about good minds? 
  Would love to know outloud thoughts on comment frm Molly: "everything we fit in is the school's vision...everything else is out"
 Agree. Energy on Day 1 was phenonomal as well. RT  The energy I just captured on camera in this room was pretty cool. 
 What must we "take off the plate" at T? I keep thinking of those large and small "radical tactical shifts" from Everest TED video 
 Here's how we start our day 2 at   
 RT  Soon to begin Day 2 of  with  at Trinity School. Talking "school vision" I think from a quick table convo
 Reminded of  post:  There's power in privacy settings...and why aren't we teaching "this" in schls? 
 Just saw this on  1,600 FB users crash teen's bday party (15,000+ replied): .  
 Thanks  RT  Love tchrs who are just thinking abt how they can better communicate w/ constituents! Great work  !
 "Curric is 4 kids who are as varied as the ppl in this room. We must create lrng experncs 4 stus which reflect this."  
 Wow.  is closing  day: talking abt passion, personalized learning, & how we must create opportunities for kids 2 learn
 Welcome 2 Twitter,  If you are looking to connect w/ a thoughtful & excellent grade 1 teacher, she's a good one! :) 
 Finishing up Day  of  with  -- here's what 50+ teachers were working on today:  (populating now)
 Finishing up Day  of  -- here's what 50+ teachers were working on today:  (populating now)
  not john's- private (only viewable w/ link) -- other video is PW protected. Discussion needed: privacy policy re: sharing
 RT  "We have to let go of control."   Great point abt today's teachers--let  kids have ownership of their learning
   Hmmmm...good food 4 thought, Bo. What a difference one word makes...very Dweck. Raising kids w/ growth mindset vs. fixed
  very cool, Tara! Hope to meet you f2f this year...hear great things about your learning -- at school and outside of school
 The best teachers steal stuff from each other, modify it, and make it relevant for their classrooms.   AGREE!!!
 RT  "Standardized curric create standardized minds."  ~   (live at )
 Worldwide audience is inspiring. And possible w/ technology. Even 4 elementary stus.  Must create a culture of sharing at Trinity.
   Awesome...good stuff. We'll chat...
  thanks for documenting these myths...I missed a couple!
   Have a 6th grade tchr (writing) who wants to explore digital writer's wkshp. Would love to connect West-Trin if possible
  Really like this post in relation to what  is talking about at  *we must begin at the elementary level
 " we can tweet and ask for those resources"  And another: "Kara...thanks...let's collaborate!"
 "Julia - that would be awesome...i wonder if there's a tool to practice free writing in their language in a blog form..." 
 "Megan, been thinking about going totally paperless in Writer's Workshop. Want to help me think through?" 
 It's only 10:07am (one hour in to  and  and here's what I am hearing from Trinity teachers... (quotes to follow)
 RT  Digital portfolios provide snapshots of growth that we may miss while experiencing it.  Don't wait; start now. 
  I'd say that we are equally held hostage by traditional schedules and isolated learning spaces (in addition to curric)
 So true...engaging is key. RT  With no teaching - just using the technology, we can become learners.  
  -- It's really important for us to "walk as a child" for a day (or more) -- we did that at Trinity for all faculty/staff. Powerful.
 RT  Our kids experience change at least every hour while at school. How often do their teachers change? 
 "If you come to school & only teach the curric, you have failed as a teacher."   ( - quote 4 "new" faculty rm)
 There's energy in the air at Trinity School ...   
 RT  Shifts in pedagogy are not about values. We value children. We want to teach them the best way.   
 RT  More Twitter buzz for Trinity School:  - RT   tweets today and tomorrow from 55 l ...
 Very true. RT   Without powerful, trusting relationships with parents, parents won't trust our innovations.
 Pedagogy needs to continually improve...if we expect kids to improve, we must improve.   (me: yes!)
  Gracias chica!
 Can someone in  share the Today's Meet URL? TIA
 2 things  has lrnd abt the South: "bless his heart" is not always a good thing; fried chicken in am (Chic-Fil-A) is delish  
  tweets today and tomorrow from 55 learners at Trinity School in Atlanta, GA
 Trinity's Media Center prepped for  w/ over 55 learners +   
  I did!!! It's crazy $$$ though! Exciting re: future and TSWL. Happy Weekend!
 Very kind,  TY! RT          
 Wow! Walk into WLang classroom for meeting. Love seeing this visual thinking/cross grade planning: 
 Sitting w/  &  + two great Trinity math teachers (5th/6th) -- talking about leveled and formative assessment. 
 Sleepless & reminded of wise words from a yoga tchr: "Megan, if you spent as much energy letting go instead of controlling, it will happen."
 Blah blah blah life long learning blah blah blah | Dangerously Irrelevant | Big Think 
 Some great reads in this one...added a couple to my summer reading list!  2011 May Klingbrief from  
 hmmm... would be good.  go for it!  and  will support! :) it may be an idea for 2012 though...
 Nice  post by  A fellow Atlanta learner!  "Is there something new to learn, a risk to take?" 
 RT  Son's sexting case inspires Wake Forest, NC author Therese Fowler's novel "Exposure" .
 Wow. Fourth and final sunset at the beach. Perfect.  
 Now embarking on -Cutting for Stone- A book I've had on my list for a long while but needed/wanted uninterrupted time to digest 
 Big Takeaways: must address white privilege, empower all learners to understand/seek their racial identity, examine hidden curric w/in schls
 Finished  -Why do all the Black Kids Sit Together in the Cafeteria- powerful book; certainly will re-read later this summer.
  Meredith, please tell me you've read -In the Sanctuary of Outcasts-   If no, it's an immediate read. Truly.
 Highly rec'mnd rdg  The Breath of God RT  The Mystery Behind The Missing Years Of Jesus 
 ...the possibility of bldg alliances that may ultimately free us all." p.27-28  (me: a powerful msg 4 all in biz of raising kids)
 Beautifully said in  "Our ongoing examination of who we are in our full humanity, embracing all of our identities, creates...
 Love  intro: writing a book is like putting a note in a bottle &casting it out 2 sea (Part 2/2)  
 Getting started on 1st faculty/staff summer rdg book:  Why are All the Black Kids Sitting Together in the Cafeteria? (Part 1/2)
 Anyone know good articles abt critical thinking, creativity, 21st C skills in pre-k or k clsrm. If so, please pass along!  
 Of course! I'd love to help plan! RT    Re:  Yes and YES. Let me know how I can help. (cc 
 Conference Call with  about Trinity School's World Languages Program. Here we go...
 Learn the Local Culture, Demonstrate Success, Identify Key Influencers (culture carriers, pride builders, authority figures) (Two of Two)
 RT  Learn from  about how to become a change agent in an institution  (One of Two)
 Trinity School is looking to hire a Media Specialist: . If you know of someone who may be interested,  or DM me! 
  I seriously may have a work-from-home Latin job :) I will let you know...
  Looks like they're set. Sign up 4 later. RT  Only 12 spots left for 2011! Get 'em while they're hot! 
  Nugget! Xie xie nu ren! Im so sad I missed your text this weekend. Catch up next weekend?  (yet!) :)
  Hope you find someone tonight! Notified my non-EDT friends of mine (    Good luck!
  RT  authors have brought us 2 this day. Pls consider being a piece of a very impt group. Need author TONIGHT.
  RT  authors have brought us 2 this day. Pls consider being a piece of a very impt group. Need an author TONIGHT.
  RT  authors have brought us 2 this day. Pls consider being a piece of a very impt group. Need an author TONIGHT.
  RT  authors have brought us to this day. Pls consider being a piece of a very impt group. Need an author TONIGHT.
  RT  500+ authors have brought us to this day. Pls consider being a piece of a very impt group. Need an author TONIGHT.
 Experiencing my first video studio session with my  TOTALe Mandarin course.  
 Nice 90 degree day in Atlanta for The Southern Swap Meet at the Goat Farm. Looking forward to a fun night!  
 Wahoowa. RT   Hands-on learning, competency-based training seen as key at  med school 
 A Team of Learners Innovates Writing Workshop:  A post by  which shows true power of PLCs in ACTION. Nice, Bo!
 Read  "ah-ha" moment re: creativity  How often do we try and shift our students visions to our own?
 Nice,  but  beat u 2 it! Dung Beetle it is -- another one: kit fox   
 Zoology Lesson from a First Grader: (anyone know the answer?)  
 Agree x100!! RT  More than a bit sad that the subject of "ipad pilot projects" in k12 is getting so much media attn. 
 Nice!!! RT  Yay! Just got accepted to write November 28th for  - Check it out! 
 Sexting ‘a shadow’⁰ over teenager  | ajc.com  (A good article to share and discuss with middle and high school students).
 Love! "I fancy their ghosts live on in the walls & I will them to come out and play, to teach me what he knew."  
 Director! Center! Leadership! Congrats! RT  Congratulations to  on his new position. Bravo, sir! 
 So proud of our Trinity 6th graders...check out the finale of The Mikado!  is alive a
 Watching Trinity Sixth Graders perform the spring opera, The Mikado. A 35 yr tradition  
 RT  Just 4 days avail n 11/11! If you'd like 2 contribute, please email us the3six5[at]gmail[dot]com. Info: 
  thx 4 sharing thoughts on  voices (). post will fuel convo abt my schl's online approach to world langs
 Trinity School (Atlanta) is hiring a Media Specialist. Gr8 opportunity!     Pls RT
 A visual of Trinity 6th Grader's Capstone topics. LOVE that "design" is prominent in so many projects.  
  <hearts>  | Storybird Success! 
 It's  birthday. Not that she needs it, but she's another year wiser! Happy Birthday, Friend!
 GREAT article. Big Innovations Question the Status Quo.  | Co.Design  (Questions are the Pathways to Learning.)
 PS:  I'll be *disconnecting to* --- I loved reading your post before my trip. A GREAT reminder of the purpose of disconnecting!
 Going off the grid for a week or so...really looking forward to it! See ya on the flipside!
 Contribute Your Voice ( 
 Twitter: the welcome wagon for new faculty  Hey,  My advice: sign up to write for  (wink 
   Hee, Hee :) 
 .  Shervette, I hope you'll consider adding your voice to an   project called  You'd be great! TIA!
 Agree! RT    should come to the best farmers's market in ATL—the Grant Park Farmer's market, Sundays 10-2.
 So proud of my cousin, Wes Jones, co-founder of  Excellent gelato.   
 Holy  Best gelato in Atlanta...find 'em all over town in their food truck!  :)
 Hey  folks, you'll appreciate this re:  cheating scandal   (h/t 
   I may have to bail on this one! I'm going 2 b fully unplugging this afternoon for 10-ish days! Next time, I'm in!
   Group Skype? G+ Hangout (not sure what that is, actually)? Chat? Tomorrow? :) 
 After rdg Cutting4Stone (Verghese), I reflected on connection btw med/ed 'Opening Doors'   
 RT  Abraham Verghese: Physicians must communicate "I will see you through this. I will never abandon you. I will be with you th ...
 Love seeing tweets from  about Abraham Verghese's  Talk.  So many connections btw medicine and education!
 RT  TY 4 following,  Hope to see  folks apply to write for  We launch Aug 1st! 
 RT  Just emailed  Board Member  Hope he'll write for   & encourage others t ...
  You'd be awesome, SE! Hope you are having a good summer!
 Way to go,  From the web to reality, physics teachers collaborate to better serve students   
  If you haven't checked out the English Companion Ning, you should:  You'll certainly find something to help w/ ?
 What's  : it's about YOU sharing a story of learning one day this year. Join edu180atl: 
 Ah, reality. Waking up w/o view of Atlantic sunrise made only a little easier b/c of early  mtg!  
 PS:  I'll be *disconnecting to* --- I loved reading your post before my trip. A GREAT reminder of the purpose of disconnecting!
 Going off the grid for a week or so...really looking forward to it! See ya on the flipside!
 Contribute Your Voice ( 
 Twitter: the welcome wagon for new faculty  Hey,  My advice: sign up to write for  (wink 
   Hee, Hee :) 
 .  Shervette, I hope you'll consider adding your voice to an   project called  You'd be great! TIA!
 Agree! RT    should come to the best farmers's market in ATL—the Grant Park Farmer's market, Sundays 10-2.
 So proud of my cousin, Wes Jones, co-founder of  Excellent gelato.   
 Holy  Best gelato in Atlanta...find 'em all over town in their food truck!  :)
 Hey  folks, you'll appreciate this re:  cheating scandal   (h/t 
   I may have to bail on this one! I'm going 2 b fully unplugging this afternoon for 10-ish days! Next time, I'm in!
   Group Skype? G+ Hangout (not sure what that is, actually)? Chat? Tomorrow? :) 
 After rdg Cutting4Stone (Verghese), I reflected on connection btw med/ed 'Opening Doors'   
 RT  Abraham Verghese: Physicians must communicate "I will see you through this. I will never abandon you. I will be with you th ...
 Love seeing tweets from  about Abraham Verghese's  Talk.  So many connections btw medicine and education!
 RT  TY 4 following,  Hope to see  folks apply to write for  We launch Aug 1st! 
 RT  Just emailed  Board Member  Hope he'll write for   & encourage others t ...
  You'd be awesome, SE! Hope you are having a good summer!
