 Think fast: what would you do with only $500 and 72 hrs left to make your life happen? 
 So... what IS  about? Booze. On your phone. We find you     The good stuff!
 $4.00  drink specials on Thursdays at Buffalo's Cafe in Coral Springs, Florida.   
 How is your  or bar reaching new customers? Want to get mobile?  can help-it's FREE! Sign up here: 
 Everyone TWEET THIS! RT  Help  raise $ for  For every RT of this  will donate $5! Thanks!
 Want drinks after work in Miami Beach?   today 11:30-7pm (1/2 off all well liquor, house wine & draft beer)
   4-7pm escape the heat & enjoy some ice cold drinks! Buy 1 get 1 free house beer, wine + martinis! 
 New  post! Home party ideas for a mini Tales of the Cocktail from     
 A   + our friends  "Hot & Dirty"  vodka+olive juice+tabasco. Shake, strain, enjoy! 
 Want to find great cocktails, local restaurants, & fab dishes near u?  can help! Sign up 4 beta: 
 Excited about the live   has planned for Friday evening-hope you're planning to join us!   cc/ 
 Amen! RT  Diggin' a dirty happy hour  $5 cocktails & appetizers 
  Would love to get your specials on the site, and talk mobile gift cards. Eco-friendly way to promo your brand. French+Miami!
  Absolutely! Now, we're going to need to talk about getting you on  Lots you can do with it (besides deals!).
 RT  In case you're in Fort Lauderdale/Miami this wknd, this is going to be an amazing event!  
 Don't Miss New York City Restaurant Week - 7/11-24.  3 Course Dinners $35!    cc/wgtraveltips 
 A great event in NYC! Afterwork Thursdays  Luxury views of New York, &  6-8pm RSVP  
 Don't forget, Monday is  w/   and more at    
 Yummy! RT   drinking their summer special Watermelon Splash!    
 RT  Whoa! Awesome! RT  has mobile 'gifting' where your girlfriend's nationwd can buy you a drink, from anywhere.
 Don't want to share your social check-in's, but still want rewards?  has private check-in. Join us for beta: www.cravelocal.com
 YUM!!  World's Easiest   Strawberry-infused   cc/  
 RT: The best way to advertise your restaurant, bar, new spirit brand or event...FREE...on  www.cravelocal.com  
  is bringing  on  to 28+ cities across the US! Want to know more? Say hello and ask away! 
  is now  Spread the word, we're coming to SoBe!
 Awesome! RT    I am really glad we ran into each other on Twitter - I love the site, signing up for  now!
 CraveLocal, def. : The best way to advertise your restaurant, bar, new spirit brand or event...FREE...on MOBILE.   
 Loving that everyone seems to want to talk about  It's totally rockin' our launch! How global will  go?!!
 Wow! Worlds luckiest squirrel survives 100mph run in with a     / 
 All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt. ~ Charles Schulz  
 Take a look at    Grove & Avenue B! They always have amazing specials!  
 RT  Follow for great restaurant, nightlife info      Happy Weekend!
 RT  Celebrate  w/ Red, White + Pink!  All 47-Ten Wines are 10% off (cases are 20% off!)  
 Check out  Dill Farm Riesling on TAP at  in   cc/   
 Are you ready for The Infinite Monkey ? Urban Winery. wine in a can? Tonight's the night to try it at...  
 RT  60 btls of Fred Mugnier Musigny 05 was stolen from our cellars in Bouilland please contact us if they are offered to ...
 From  What wine to drink with a wiener? A taste test with hot dog eating champion Sean Gordon.  
 Fact! RT   Party Tip: If you're having a cocktail party, always have fewer seats than guests to encourage mingling.
 Here's a few wine selections for the 4th of July. Written by  for Tree.com.   
 Hug your  business owner today!  You can't give a hug without getting a hug.   /
 More  peeps for         
 RT  Climate Change Good for Oregon Grapes - Not Napa : Discovery News 
 Fav      peeps!       
 Tonight!    RT  MAP + DETAILS -->      Cc/
 Another great convo with  tonite. The best American made vodka you will ever have. Buy them! 
  shares her exp w/  on   
 Are you a promoter wanting to get the word out about your local wine/cocktail event? Tweet  we'll RT for you! 
 Restaurants and Bars!  We can help you get your specials in front of the patrons who would love to hear about you.  
 RT  "Stressed spelled backwards is desserts. Coincidence?  I think not!"~Roseanne Barr 
 Hello Local Businesses!  Mobile gifting is one of the best ways to help your customers share with their friends.  
 What local businesses have been treating you right?  Let us know who you want to see more of.  
 We love supporting restaurants and other great local spots! Do you have a favorite?  wants to know!
 
 We deliver what you want, when you want it, right to your mobile phone.  Don't wait for something to be published. 
  CL's wine consultant gives us a screw lesson.  
 Are you a blogger talking about local biz, wine, food or cocktails? We'd love to know you. Please email us! Media  cravelocal.com 
 RT  Want to get your local restaurant, bar,  or food truck on mobile?  can help! Sig… (cont) 
 Got a hot new liquor, wine or mixer u need to spread the word on?  has cocktailistas waiting to wri… (cont) 
  is one of the most complex spirits-sweet/bitter, smoky/floral. Learn more about  range here: 
 Clean house! Toxic ppl pollute everything around them. It's not only okay to remove them from your life..it's necessary. Cc 
 Does anyone care about  "free clubs in Miami" anymore? Wake up, promoters. This isn't Myspace 2001. Get organized, get mobile. 
  This is great, but you have to tweet times and dates for us to RT them. Everything in 130 characters or less!
 RT            (cont) 
 RT  Wanted: one (or more?) food blogger in Orlando to dual write for us/ your blog. We bring the content, you...
 CraveLocal will be covering Voli vodka's tasting  Gulf Liquors SoBe tomorw! Pit Bull will be there, tell Jorge  sent you! 
 Nice! RT this tweet and  will send 50¢ to the   Learn more: 
 Can't wait to start posting to Twitter FROM  So exciting!! New social media tool for local businesses coming soon! Sign up...
 Keep money in your communities by spending $2/day on local businesses. The return will amaze you. 
 Once made equal to man, woman becomes his superior.   cc/
 Celebrate the weekend w/ the Green Goddess Punch:  /
 Looking for a great   recipe for this weekend? CraveLocal's got 'em-from gin to pom martinis. 
 Looking for a great   recipe for this weekend? CraveLocal's got 'em-from gin to pom martinis. 
 Do you have a favorite restaurant in your city? Take a moment to tell us about it-we'll put you on the blog! Email crave  com.
 Want more great info on local events and cocktails? Sign up for the newsletter: email news  to get on it!  
 RT   Peeps! Are we following each other? Love to love ya'! Find us on Facebook, too: www.facebook.com/cravelocal!
 Do you have a small local events or  site you want more exposure for? We'd love to chat!
 Sweet Heat!  Ginger+lemon+rosemary+jalapeno+grenadine...Recipe soon on www.cravelocal.com!  
 RT  What's this summer's biggest trend? [TCHO]  Gelato on a stick, of coure! 
 Hoping everyone is having a GREAT holiday wkend! What's in your glass?
 Best brand interaction happened this weekend thanx 2  ever amazing  We (heart) Julie! Yay, mamma! 
 Much thanks 2  for their fab  cakes + sweets!  supports Miami local biz! 
 Team  at sea. :)   	
 RT  Did you know there are 5 pounds rose petals in every Rose Blossom  vodka bottle! 
  a South Beach classic.   
 We love   peeps, check them out before you leave MIA. 
  Taste for a Tweet at Shelborne main bar starts now! Tweet "I heart  &  for great happy hr specials!
 RT     come to  tonight around 10p and party lik… (cont) 
 RT     Ya think? Because they didn't respond??? Aren't mommy bloggers sexy?
 RT   drinks/fun       
 RT          
  We know some great chicks w/ Latism. Cheers to ya! 
  You're welcome-enjoy your night! Where do you like to chill in MIA?
 The future depends on what we do in the present. - Mahatma Gandhi 
 And they say real estate is goin' down- Miami Heat Basketball Star, LeBron James Buys Miami House For $9 mil ... 
 Cheers, love! Happy  Follow          
  Sorry to miss ya hon! Urbanite Bistro 62 NE 14th St is good for sushi, also News 55 on  5580 NE 4th Ct.  
 Happy  chicas/chicos!       
 Happy           
 RT   I'm Come  w/us tonite at  baby! 
    starts at 11pm. Funky UK beats.  
 RT  You're invited to our Downtown Miami grand opening! Friday, Nov 12, 4pm-8pm. Free food +drinks. 
 Want to win $100 and a  party kit? Show us your best cocktail & costume!    
 What's on for  tonight? Whiskey, gin, bourbon, or vodka? Tell us at  on Twitter or www.facebook.com/cravelocal!
   Better yet, go to Tap Tap, 5pm-7pm, 819 5th St Miami Beach- 1/2 Price on Rum Cocktails & Bar Treats! Woot!
   The Bar  172 Giralda Ave has $1 off draft, $2 off pitchers, $2.25 Bud, Bud Lite, Coors Lite, Miller Lite
 RT  RICK ROSS (FULL PERFORMANCE)  TOMORROW! More Info at: ...
 Pls RT! Almost to 10000! Pls tell ur friends 2 follow/fan  2 find free drinks & specials in ur city! 
    Happy to RT, but u gotta get them to us. We run 15 cities-can't read everyones sites, unfortunately.
  That was so nice of u, thanks for the  love! What's on the agenda for this weekend in MIA?
  Thanks, Stu!
 RT    for a nice Cocktails!
 We're looking for local tweeps to be our  brand ambassadors! Interested? DM us and tell us why you'd make great 
 "Mutts & Martinis" 10/17  Al's Landing Restaurant in Tavares 5-7pm. Happy hour, raffles, prizez!  via 
 RT  Miami International Wine Fair Is Around The Corner. Get 20% OFF Your Ticket With Code iVino: 
   &  come to  for 1st of its kind social media event:  Discount TODAY only: smuFKI10
 "Evil will always triumph over good, because good is dumb." ~Dark Helmet, Spaceballs
 PLEASE RT! Facebook rules just changed-people you 'decline' can still read everything you post. 
 Today's  Happy Hour: 5-8  JB Kitchen & Bar 1250 S Miami Ave | $4 wells, $6 hse wines, draft/bottled beer-$2.50, app specials!
 RT  Taylor Wins RV Lawsuit!  ( via  )
 RT  Miami Dolphins: Pat White and the Turk – Sun-Sentinel (blog): The latest news… Bay News 9 Miami Dolphins: Pat Whit. ...
 RT   this weekend in Burlington....I can smell the ribs from here.....mmmmmm......riiiiibbbbss
 RT  Rick Ross Hosts Cameo This Sunday 
 RT   "Deep at Night"- Ercola & Heikki L (adam k & soha remix)
 RT  Listen - Filo & Peri - Nightplay (Big Room Sound Edition) Teaser      ...
 RT  Todays Nightlife News -  - Read it, See it, Hear it   for the   ...
 RT  IF AT FIRST YOU DON'T SUCCEED,,,, don't be suprised! 
 RT   can you please RT my video that i made for the haters of   or put it  ...
 RT  Preparing for tonights show w  =D
