 JRR partnership is using the No. 23 this weekend at ORP. BUT, look for Rob Jr. back behind the wheel in Iowa!
 Getting closer to finishing up the Chevrolets and getting ready to race them with Robert Jr. and Alex Kennedy behind the wheel very shortly.
 Nashville is in the books, team home early this morning and taking a day off to rest.
 Qualifying today, then getting ready to race under the lights of Nashville Superspeedway.
 Two practices at Nashville Superspeedway this afternoon, then qualifying and racing on Saturday for the NASCAR Nationwide Series
 Getting ready to head to Nashville this afternoon. We'll be racing under the lights on Saturday night.
 Piece by piece we're getting that ol' bowtie look back again on our cars here at the shop
 R3 Motorsports is still in business, still racing and getting ready for the future. We are switching from Dodge... 
 We hope you all stay cool in the heat for the next few days.
 Rough night for R3 Motorsports at Kentucky with the 23 crashing out on lap 134...Rob Jr. is okay, though.
 Cast your votes now for Rob Jr in the Most Popular Driver contest that started... 
 Rains slowing things down here right now for our Final Practice, jet dryers are on the track....qualifying is at... 
 Garage opens at 1 today, first practice is 6 to 7:30 p.m. tonight... Final one is Friday, then qualifying in afternoon and race at night.
 Last day to get the Kentucky car ready...first practice is Thursday evening
 Short work week as we get ready to race Friday night in Kentucky... another one under the lights on a Friday night!
 We'd like to wish you all a happy - and safe - 4th of July, and Happy Birthday to our great country.
 Heeeere's your post race report from Daytona.... 
 Long night and route to a 31st place finish at Daytona...wild finish though, huh?
 Rob Jr. and the No. 23 Dodge team qualified 27th for Daytona race... airs at 7:30 p.m. ET on ESPN.
 Finally got on the track yesterday evening for practice, Rob Jr. and team posted the 23rd-fastest time.... 
 Rain is goofing things up here in Daytona for our practices today...
 Two practice sessions at Daytona today. First one isn't on TV, but check out ESPN2 for the 5:30 one and Rob Jr. wheeling the No. 23 machine.
 Road crew is wheeling their way to Daytona today, two practices on Thursday then qual and race on Friday.
 Get ready for some Friday night fun!!.. 
 Get for some Friday night fun... 
  
 Alex Kennedy ran most of day in top-15, some in top-10, until being shoved off into the gravel on a late-race... 
 I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "St. Baldrick's Head Shaving at RA" 
 Final practice ended here at Road America with Alex Kennedy in the No. 23 St. Baldrick's Dodge with P19 on the... 
 Final practice has concluded... Alex Kennedy was 19th in the No. 23 Dodge and Billy Johnson was 25th in the No.... 
 First practice at Road America has ended, Alex "Kid" Kennedy was 21st out of 32 cars. Good progress by Walter and... 
 Getting ready for two practices today here at Road America with Kid Kennedy behind the wheel. Weather is overcast,... 
 Winging our way to Wisconsin today for two practices on Friday, then race and qualify on Saturday. Just so you... 
 Alas, the preview for Road America has arrived!  
 Getting the No. 23 St. Baldrick's Dodge ready for action at Road America with Alex "Kid" Kennedy behind the wheel... 
 The hauler and crew made it back from Michigan safe and sound. The big red Sprinter? Not so much...still in Toledo, Ohio for repairs.
 We'd like to wish all the racing dad's out there a Happy Father's Day, and - thanks!
 Qualifying this morning on ESPN2, then race action later today on ABC TV...
 Two practices for Rob Jr. in the No. 23 and Scott Riggs in the No. 03 today in Michigan.
 Team is making their way to Michigan today for this weekend's race action.
 Putting the finishing touches on the No. 03 and No. 23 for the Michigan race this weekend.
 R3 Motorsports is taking an R&R approach to Michigan this... 
 "Boys back at the shop" are getting everything ready for the race in Michigan this weekend.
 Since we're not racing this weekend, we'd like to wish you all a happy freakin' Friday...and Saturday...and Sunday.
 This has been a good week to get caught up on some things, and get ready for Michigan and beyond. Oh, looks like... 
 We might have our first in-shop volunteer for the St. Baldrick's head shaving event at Road America...stay tuned!
 With this being an off-weekend on the NNS schedule, the team is going to get caught up and ahead on things for... 
 Electrical problems cut short race effort forcing a 32nd-place finish, but still locked into the top-owner's points.
 We qualify this afternoon on ESPN2, then race tonight on ESPN here in Chicaglond.
 Garage opens at noon today at Chicagoland, two practices tonight (not covered on TV) with qualifying and racing on Saturday.
 I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "Charlotte" 
 We've heard your texts, calls, emails and paper airplanes with messages written on them...so here's this week's... 
 Getting the Chicago car ready for action this weekend, Rob Jr. to wheel the No. 23 Dodge
  
 I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "Charlotte" 
 Qualifying this morning, then race action at 2 p.m. on ABC TV for Rob Jr. in the No. 23 FunnyDanRaceCarMan.com/N.... 
 Two practices completed yesterday, no on-track activity today... Qualifying at 10 a.m. tomorrow on ESPN2 and race on ABC at 2 p.m.
 Final tweaks and adjustments to the car for Charlotte race this weekend, and Mr. R. and Rob Jr coming to town... 
 Here ye, Here ye, Here ye...read all about R3 --  
 Here's the post-race report from Iowa, delivered to your "doorstep" just like your morning... 
 Finished 22nd at Iowa, not bad...locked into Owner Points at 28th place for Charlotte, too. Nice job Rob Jr. and R3 crew!
 Rolling off 28th based off Owner's Points today (qual rained out) in the No. 23 Dodge at Iowa Speedway, catch Rob... 
 Both practices rained out today, so we're going to give it our all this morning. Qualifying is later today, then... 
 Two practices at Iowa later this afternoon, which are NOT on TV.  Rob Jr is back behind the wheel in the No. 23 Dodge.
 Road crew heading out to Iowa tonight for Sunday's race... two practices on Friday, one Saturday and qualifying... 
 Okay, okay...stop picketing outside the race shop for this week's preview -... 
 Working away to get Iowa car ready for Rob Jr. to drive this weekend. Race is on Sunday, so set your social calendar's accordingly.
 I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "Dover in May" 
 Tough day at Dover. Alex okay, car not so much. Somehow, we managed to stay locked in via Owner's Points...Rob... 
 Raceday at Dover... a bit soggy this morning, but we're looking to get in qualifying on ESPN2 at 10:30 and the... 
 Not a bad day of practice... laps times were very consistent after 25- 40 laps on tires. Qualifying on Saturday at... 
 Garage is open and everyone is getting car ready for only practice of weekend from 12:30 to 2:30... watch it on SPEED TV
 I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "Dover in May" 
 Road crew heading up to Dover this afternoon...and we'd like to wish the guy who builds our cars, Brad Means, a happy b-day.
 Here's a bit of great news regarding our new... 
 Final work being done on the No. 23 Dodge for Dover, then loading it up tonight for Trucker Tim to take to Delaware.
 Here's something you don't see every day.... 
 Finishing up the Dover car and getting ready to decal it up. Hmm, wonder what we're going to put on there for this week....stay tuned
 I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album "Darlington" 
 Would like to wish our front tire changer and shop guru, Matt Smith, a Happy 26th Birthday today.
 R3 Motorsports would like to thank all the racing moms and wives out there for your support - enjoy your day.
 Hear Ye! Hear Ye! Read all about it... 
 That's a 13th-place finish for Scott Riggs and R3 Motorsports at Darlington, race fans.
 First time using new qualifying rain out policy. The top-30 start based on practice speeds, then the go or go... 
 Rain has everything on hold here, we did get the practice session in and Scott Riggs was 25th fastest in the No. 23 Dodge.
 One practice this morning with Scott Riggs in the No. 23 Dodge, then ESPN2 will carry qualifying and the race... 
 Road crew rolling down to Darlington today for inspection; practice, qualifying and race is on Friday.
 We know you've been up all night wondering where this was...
 We know you've been up all night wondering where this way...... 
 Getting the No. 23 Dodge car ready for Scott Riggs to drive this weekend at Darlington
 Everyone's back at the shop after a fun day on Lake Norman yesterday... looks like we need a sunscreen sponsor for some of the guys.
 Yeah, we know you got up early to read this one today... 
 Good run by Rob Jr and the team at Richmond earning their first top-20 of the season.
 Long day of action at Richmond today - practice this morning, qualifying this afternoon and then race action... 
 Here's something to read over while eating your donuts this... 
 The crew is rolling up to Richmond for tech inspection today, Rob Jr. included in the road trip, too.
 Last minute tweeks and thorough safety check on the No. 23 Dodge today before heading up to Richmond tomorrow.
 Here's an Q&A Rob Jr. did recently for the Fast and the... 
 Back at it today for Richmond on Friday night. Rob Jr. came back with the team from Nashville and will be around... 
 Motor problems ended our day early forcing a 34th-place finish on us at Nashville.
 Qualifying today at Noon ET on ESPN, followed by race action at 3 p.m. on ESPN, as well, here in Nashville. (Good... 
 Qualifying today at Noon ET (not on TV) then race action at 3 p.m. on ESPN2 here in Nashville.
 Here's a story we're "hoppy" to share with you... 
 We have two practices this afternoon at Nashville Superspeedway, none of which are on TV...just so you know.
 Road crew heading out to Nashville today and Rob Jr. returned from his hunting adventure. Now, it's time to go... 
 Okay, we don't want to hear another "peep" out of you about this week's preview --... 
 I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "Dega" 
 Okay, okay...stop ratting us out to the Easter Bunny - here's the post race reports.... 
 Everyone back from Dega safe and sound. Still irked we didn't get to show what we had with a better finish after... 
 We had a great car at Dega, running strong with great pit strategy. BUT, got turned from behind avoiding that big... 
 All we do is qualify today, IF good ol' Mother Nature will let us. Rob Jr. and team looking forward to this weekend's action at Dega.
 Practice over at Dega, the No. 23 Dodge team of R3 Motorsports was 23rd out of 40 cars that practiced. Qualifying... 
 We have two practices today between 4 and 6 p.m. ET to get ready for qualifying tomorrow. A lot of optimism in the... 
 Hauler made it to Dega, good job Trucker Tim. The R3 Road Crew is, hitting the road to Talladega... honk and say hi if you see us.
 We heard you sports fans, so here it is - this week's preview.... 
 Last day tweaking the Dega car, road tripping out tomorrow morning to that big track in Alabama.
 Trucker Tim got the hauler back safe and sound last night, team working on the Dega cars today. Looking forward to that race this weekend.
 We're back in the top-30 of Owner's Points and good to go for Dega after finishing 26th on Friday night at Texas.... 
 Okay, okay...we got home a little late from Texas. So you can stop picketing outside the shop - here's the... 
 Made the show and ready to go... racing to get lost points back here at Texas under the lights on a Friday night.
 Great second practice yesterday, skipping the first one this morning then fine tuning in the final one. Qualifying... 
 First practice finished, car is going through turns well...just need to work on getting more out of the next one,... 
 Garage is open at Texas Motor Speedway. First practice is 3 p.m. to 5 p.m. (ET) and SPEED comes on for it. Second... 
 Garage is open at Texas Motor Speedway. First practice is 5 p.m. (ET) and can be seen on SPEED. There, now you can... 
 Road crew getting ready to head to Texas this afternoon as Trucker Tim rolls into Ft. Worth today with the No. 23... 
 Yep, we know you're day hasn't been completed until you read this...... 
 The No. 23 hauler is headed to Texas and the boys back at the shop are working on the Dega cars. All is good in R3 Land....
 Would like to wish Rob Jr a very Happy Birthday...he's also making his 75th NNS start this weekend at his home track of Texas.
 Just an FYI - Rob Jr's b-day is Monday...and this year, he would like Reese's choco covered peanut butter eggs... 
 Just heard Rob Jr. is enjoying opening day of turkey season in Texas. If you ever get the chance, ask him to do... 
 Because of how hard everyone has been working, and the break in the schedule, we're giving everyone off on Friday... 
 Because of how hard everyone has been working, and the break in the schedule, we're giving everyone the day off.... 
 Swimming lessons at the R3 shop pool are canceled today - due to heavy rains
 I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "California" 
 Nice job by Truck Driver Tim... the R3 Motorsports hauler was at the shop back from California waiting for us to... 
 The gang is back in the shop getting our cars for Texas and Talladega ready to rock and race.
 long day in California on Saturday. Looking forward to the off-week to get ready for Texas and Talladega.
 Qualifying completed... Alex will start 28th in the No. 03, Rob Jr. had a bad plug (which has now been fixed) and... 
 It's raceday here in California for Rob Jr. and Kid Kennedy. Qualifying is at 1 p.m. ET on Speed with race action... 
 Rain is slowing down the schedule here in Cali, but we got some good news... entry list is down to 43 cars putting... 
 Road crew heading to LA this afternoon for California race. Rob Jr. is in the No. 23 WCS Dodge, and Alex "Kid"... 
 And now, another edition of --- the weekly preview.  
 Since it's going to be 82 today, we're going to open up the pool here at the shop. That should make the penguins and dolphins happy.
 is busy unloading the cars from Bristol and getting the California cars ready this morning. Tim Taylor, our hauler... 
  
 Well, that's a day we're going to forget at Bristol and get ready for California.
 I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "Bristol Spring" 
 Race day at Bristol! Qualifying at 9:30 a.m. ET on Speed to see where Rob Jr. qualifies in the No. 23 Dodge, and... 
 I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "Bristol Spring" 
 is having double the fun in Bristol this weekend with Rob Jr. in the No. 23 WCS Dodge, and Chris Lawson in the No.... 
 Oh, we've heard y'all yelling...you can all stop now, cuz here's this week's preview... 
 sure likes to keep things interesting... we'll give you 03 reasons how here in a little while.
 sure likes to keep things interesting... we'll give you 03 reasons here in a little while.
 Rob Jr. made it to NC yesterday. We're busy getting cars ready for Bristol, picking out some furniture for the new... 
 is getting the Bristol car ready for this weekend's race, and Rob Jr. is coming to town for the week.
 all is quiet around the shop today, but that's gonna change tomorrow when we start to get the Bristol and California cars ready for action.
 We would like to wish our owner, Robert Richardson, Sr., a very happy birthday. And, in honor of his special day,... 
 Because of heavy rains for the past two days, R3 Motorsports is suspending their building of cars and is now... 
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "March 7, 2011" 
 just finished second race with the new Wildlife Conservation Society paint scheme on our Dodge. Been hearing a lot... 
 has everyone back from the West Coast races of Phoenix and Vegas getting ready for Bristol and California. Busy,... 
 The post-race report is ready for your viewing pleasure...
 didn't have a terrible day, but is getting better and better with each effort in finishing 22nd at Las Vegas Motor... 
 Hello from Las Vegas Motor Speedway. Rob Jr. goes out third for qual at noon ET, which is not on TV, then race at... 
 Hello from Las Vegas Motor Speedway. Rob Jr. goes out third for qual at noon ET, then race at 3 p.m. Did you hear... 
 has some of the team headed to Vegas, some of the team back at the shop getting cars ready - but all working towards one goal.
 Be sure to check out the Las Vegas preview on www.R3Motorsports.org
 has the road crew working on this weekend's car at the R3 Motorsports West Coast shop... some call it the Las... 
 Road crew is in Vegas at the Stratosphere all week. Hope they budget their fun, or we'll have to have a bake sale to get them home.
 Finished 24th at Phoenix with only one lead change and three cautions. But, moved up to 20th in the Driver's Points.
 Rob Jr. will start 31st in today's Nationwide race. Hey, did you know he designed the North Texas Pipe paint... 
 Rob Jr. said they had a pretty good day yesterday and the car will race pretty good for his first time there since... 
 Two practices on tap for Rob Jr. and the No. 23 Dodge team of R3 Motorsports at Phoenix today. First time for... 
 
 Hello everyone, we're relaunching the old Facebook page into the new Facebook. We have some more work to do, but... 
 is working in the shop today before taking tomorrow off for the holiday weekend. We'd like to wish all of you a... 
 is thinking about piling up all the remaining snow and turning over the creepers to go sledding - during lunch, of course. ;)
 just took delivery of the new fuel systems that eliminate the catch can man. Step one - read directions. Step two... 
 hopes you all had a great Christmas. We're back at it making magic in the shop today. Daytona NNS race is just 54... 
 is cleaning up the shop this morning, then having our holiday luncheon. We will be closed til Dec. 27. Thank you... 
 is working away like a bunch of good little elves...(right up until tomorrow's holiday luncheon for the team, anyhow)
 some guy in a red suit stopped in today to have his sleigh racer worked on; said something about needing it for a... 
 has been forced to cancel today's lunchtime snowball fight due to ammo melting. Maybe we could use lugnuts instead? hmmmm
 had a slight dusting of icy snow overnight. Which, of course, prompted donuts in the parking lot upon arrival this morning.
 heat wave today, going up to 35, MAYBE 37. Tanning session in the shop driveway is still definitely on at lunchtime.
 is so cold in NC, we found penguins trying to keep warm in the race cars this morning!
 is picking out the perfect Christmas tree to put up in the shop.
 Yeah, so, since yesterday was so awful with the singing of Christmas carols in the shop by the guys we switched... 
 is rocking out to Christmas tunes and signing along in the shop. (Good thing you can't hear it)
 is f-f-f-freeee-z-z-zing, but w-w-work-k-king away t-t-to st-t-tay w-w-warmmm
 is taking the good stuff out of the old cars to put into the new cars for next season.
 would like to wish our all-around shop guy, Johnny Kidwell, a Happy Birthday...better watch out for the b-day noogies later today sometime!!
 hopes you all have a great - and safe - weekend.
 is working on the Daytona cars. Not sure what the new surface is going to be like, but we're going to be ready.
 would like to point out a nice post on Jayski's Nationwide Series page about R3 Motorsports.
 hopes you all had a great Thanksgiving weekend. Just like a lot of you, we're back at it in the shop today.
 Here's the race report from Homestead about our top-20 finish...
 have all returned from Florida as of this morning. We will be closed for the entire Thanksgiving week. Thank you... 
 closed out the 2010 season with a lead-lap, top-20 finish by Robert Jr...thanks to all of you for your support this year.
 is getting ready for qualifying and the final NNS race of the season at Homestead today.
 has just completed the final Nationwide practice of the 2010 season. Qualifying and race on Saturday.
 is in the garage at Homestead getting ready for two practices today. Beautiful day for motor car racing, kids.
 A construction tradition is carried on by placing a Christmas tree on top of a completed building. 
 is shipping the road crew to Homestead today; rest of the gang coming in on Saturday for the Nationwide finale.
 is putting the finishing touches on the Homestead car for Rob Jr, then loading it up for the haul to Homestead.
 has, for the final time this year, the race preview for your viewing pleasure. 
 is putting the finishing touches on the No. 23 Chevrolet for this weekend's finale at Homestead. One more... 
 is liking their 17th-place effort on Saturday at Phoenix; was a solid race for the team.
 is starting 15th in the No. 23 Jasper Engines & Transmissions Chevrolet today at Phoenix. Tune into ESPN2 at 4:30... 
 is happy to announce Jasper Engines and Transmissions has jumped on board the No. 23 Chevrolet for today's race at... 
 is quite pleased right now. The final NNS practice ended at Phoenix, and Coleman Pressley was third on the chart in the No. 23 Chevrolet.
 is ready for two practice sessions today with Coleman Pressley in the No. 23 Chevrolet for his first time at Phoenix.
 has the road team in Phoenix for inspection today at Phoenix International Raceway to get ready for two practices on Friday.
 okay, okay...enough - we hear you, everyone get off the speaker towers...here is this week's preview.... 
 wants you to know that Coleman Pressley is in the No. 23 Chevrolet for us this weekend in Phoenix.
 And, you can read about all the Texas race fun right here... 
 finished an interesting 27th in Texas, that included a post-race spin and trip to the NASCAR hauler.
 is ready for race day in Texas! Yahhooo...
 has the No. 23 cars ready for practice and qualifying today at Texas Motor Speedway. It's the home track of our... 
 has the No. 23 Cup and Nationwide teams loading up for the trip to Texas. Wish us luck in making the Cup race, and... 
 has the Texas preview for your viewing pleasure...  
 wanted to let you know we'll have Josh Wise in our No. 23 North Texas Pipe Toyota attempting to make the Cup race... 
 is getting the No. 23 North Texas Pipe Chevrolet ready for the Nationwide race, and the No. 23 North Texas Pipe... 
 is wishing Rob Jr. good luck, and safe racing, in the Cup race at Dega with FRM in the No. 34 car.
 is loving the fact Rob Jr. was 19th and 12th in the two practice sessions at Dega today in the No. 34 Cup car...way to go!
 s 
 is doing the last-mintue work on the Texas Cup car, then cleaning up shop for last weekend off til Thanksgiving.... 
 is beatin, bangin, gaugin, grindin, sandin, smoothin, measurin, massagin and doin other cool race-car type stuff in the shop today.
 is getting the Texas and Phoenix cars ready before the off weekend, while Rob Jr. gets ready to run Dega with the Cup boys for FRM.
 wanted to let you all know Rob Jr. will be driving the No. 34 A&W Ford for Front Row Motorsports in this weekend's... 
 has a little reading for your Monday... 
 had an interesting ride to our 20th-place finish at Gateway with Peyton Sellers in the no. 23 Brandt Chevrolet.... 
 Getting the car ready. Peyton Sellers was 30th out of 44 cars during final practice in the No. 23 Brandt Chevrolet. 
 is at the track for two practices. It's a beautiful day here in St. Louis with the crew decked out in their new... 
 has the No. 23 Brandt Chevrolet en route to St. 
 has the No. 23 Brandy Chevrolet en route to St. Louis, and the team heading out later today. Hoping for good... 
 is loading up the No. 23 Brandt Chevrolet that Peyton Sellers will drive this weekend at Gateway. Check out the... 
 has some news to share about this week's race at Gateway regarding the driver and... 
 has some sponsorship availabilities available for the Sprint Cup race at Talladega and for the the Nationwide race... 
 has the post race for your viewing pleasure today... 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 had a tough weekend in Charlotte with Cup car not qualifying and then Rob Jr. got turned during Nationwide race.... 
 is ready for some Charlotte-style racin in the No. 23 Pink and Blue for Two Chevrolet tonight. Thanks to all of... 
 is working on the No. 23 Pink and Blue for Two cars for the Cup AND Nationwide races at Charlotte this weekend.... 
 thanks our friends at Mechanix Wear for their glove donations for the Pink and Blue for Two cause this weekend at... 
 is at Chalotte Motor Speedway for the NNS test day with the Pink and Blue for Two Chevrolet. Check out the gloves... 
 hopes you heard all the big news coming out of 
 hopes you heard all the big news coming out of R3 Motorsports yesterday. Mr. Richardson has donated both the... 
 has this release for you to read about a great cause we're supporting this weekend.... 
 would like to congratulate Coleman Pressley on clinching his UARA Late Model championship over the weekend, and... 
 is getting the Charlotte car (or is it cars? ready for this weekend's race. (or is it races? hmmm) Stay tuned....
 is getting ready for qualifying here in California this morning, then race on ESPN2 at 4:30 p.m.
 is working on the No. 23 under sunny skies here in California... two practices today, then qualify and race... 
 is winging west to California for this week's action at Auto Club Speedway with Rob Jr. wheeling the No. 23 Chevrolet.
 has this week's race preview for your perusing pleasure.  
 has an open invitation to Adam West to be a guest of our team for Saturday's race in California. The road team... 
 has an open invitation for Adam West to attend this Saturday's race in California as a guest of our team.
 I posted 10 photos on Facebook in the album "New building going up" 
 is liking that the outside of the new 14,600 sq. ft. shop is getting closer to being finished.
 has the California car on it's way to the West Coast and working away on the Charlotte car(s)...hmm, was that plural, or singular?
 has the Kansas post-race report for you to look over on this fine Monday...
 is headed back to Charlotte after dealing with enough flying monkeys for one season in Kansas.
 has qualifying this morning, then racing this afternoon at Kansas Speedway. Then, the team is headed to Lakeside... 
 is ready for practice today at Kansas Speedway. No sign of foul weather or falling houses...but, there's this... 
 has the R3 Motorsports hauler en route to Kansas, Robert Jr. back in the car this weekend and the road crew flies out later today.
 has the Kansas Speedway preview for your review...  
 is taking the Kansas cars to the pulldown rig, then loading up them up for the long haul by Killer and Slash to KC.
 here's the Dover post-race report for your viewing pleasure.  
 just took delivery on some new race cars....any guesses on what we're going to do with them, fans?
 is getting the Kansas car ready to roll and working on California car, too.
 is proud of their 23rd place run at Dover. Marc Davis drove a good, smart race, brought the car back in one piece... 
 has qualifying at 10:30 a.m., Marc Davis goes out fifth in the No. 23 WHUR 96.3 Chevrolet here in Dover. Race is at 3 p.m. on ESPN2.
 is at Dover and ready to rock practice with Marc Davis in the No. 23 WHUR 96.3 Chevrolet.
 has the road crew heading up to Dover today for this weekend's race, while the "boys (and girl) back at the shop"... 
 invites you to check out the Marc Davis story on NASCAR.com today...... 
 can't believe there are only eight races left in our season.
 I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album "New building going up" 
 is working away getting the Dover car ready for the weekend. Marc Davis will be in the No. 23 WHUR 96.3 FM Chevrolet.
 is winding down and cleaning up the shop so EVERYONE has the next two days off work as a reward for their hard... 
 got our favorite Office Manager her favorite thing in the whole wide world as an early birthday (Friday) prezzie.... 
 got our favorite office manager her favorite thing in the whole wide world as an early birthday present... Happy... 
 has the link for you to join the LIVE chat with Coleman Pressley on NASCAR.com today. Chat window opens at 11:58... 
 invites you to chat LIVE with Nationwide Driver of the Week Coleman Pressley at Noon ET on NASCAR.com today. (Be... 
 I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "New building going up" 
 would like to share this story about Coleman Pressley on nascar.com with... 
 wants to let you know Marc Davis will be driving the No. 23 WHUR 96.3 FM Chevrolet for R3 Motorsports at Dover... 
 is back at the shop getting cars ready for Dover, Kansas and California. And, talking a little football smack along the way.
 has the Richmond race report for you to read between football games this weekend.... 
 had an interesting night en route to our 25th-place finish with Coleman Pressley in the No. 23 Jasper Chevrolet.... 
 has a beautiful day for motor car racing here in Richmond. Prac, qual then race tonight with Coleman Pressley in... 
 has Coleman Pressley practicing in the No. 23 Jasper Engines & Transmissions car til noon, then 1 to 4 p.m., then... 
 has some good news for the Richmond car to share... 
 is taking the No. 23 car through tech today at Richmond, test session is tomorrow, then race and qualify on Friday.
 I posted 8 photos on Facebook in the album "Our fans" 
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "New building going up" 
 has Coleman Pressley returning to the No. 23 seat at Richmond. Team is finishing up new-style car and heading to... 
 has this week's preview for your viewing pleasure...enjoy!  
 hopes y'all have a great Labor Day. We're in the shop getting our Richmond car ready for long week there with... 
 insists you go to NASCAR.com and watch the video of Robert Jr. that was posted under the video section yesterday. Don't be a turkey, go!
 has this awesome video of Robert Jr. for you to check. Be sure to watch it til the end, that's when he really... 
 is en route to Atlanta for this weekend's race on Saturday night, where Robert Richardson Jr. is the Nationwide... 
 wants you to know that, despite his speedy dry spin, Alex Kennedy was one of only 10 drivers to record one of the... 
 wants you to check out this cool video Robert Jr. did as the Nationwide Driver of the Week for Atlanta on... 
 is reminding you to join in and send questions to Robert Richardson, Jr's live chat, today at Noon ET, on NASCAR.com
 would like you to read this great story about Robert Jr. on NASCAR.com... 
 Here's the link to ask Rob Jr. questions on NASCAR.com tomorrow.... 
 is inviting you to join Robert Richardson, Jr. for his LIVE chat on NASCAR.com tomorrow at noon as the Nationwide... 
 has the post-race report from Montreal for your reading pleasure.  
 is getting ready for the Atlanta race on Saturday night. Robert Jr. is the Nationwide Series Driver of the Week.... 
 ended up 26th in Montreal after Alex was involved in an early-race wreck. Hats off to the R3 crew for making... 
 had a good practice in Montreal with Alex Kennedy ending up 22nd on the speed chart. Qualifying on Saturday... 
 has the team heading to Montreal today, Killer and Kenneth are up there with the cars all safe and ready to race.... 
 has primary and associate marketing partner space available for next week's race in Atlanta where Robert Jr. will... 
 has some news to share concerning next year -  
 has the hauler headed to Montreal, now working on the Atlanta and Richmond cars.
 wants to remind you this weekend's race from Montreal is on Sunday; so make your plans accordingly.
 has this week's Montreal preview posted for your viewing pleasure...share it with your friends and enemies.... 
 is working away in the shop getting Montreal car ready for Alex "Kid" Kennedy behind the wheel this weekend.
 finished 28th at Bristol, brought the car home in one piece and gained some on those in front of us in the Owner's... 
 is taking part in practice at Bristol right now. Robert Jr. and team will be doing that til noon, then qualify at... 
 please, stop protesting outside our race shop for this week's preview, cuz here it is -... 
 will be working away on ANOTHER new NNS car today for the Richmond race since the primary one was killed at MIS... 
 wants you to know that Robert Richarson, Jr. was cleared by medical officials today to race at Bristol this... 
 here is the post-race report from MIS. Not a happy ending.  
 is trying to see what can be salvaged off the new-style car after it was unneccesarily wrecked at Michigan today.... 
 Robert Jr. was taken to, observed and released from a Michigan hospital after yesterday's race for a precautionary... 
 Robert Jr. was taken to a local hospital in Michigan after race yesterday's race for a precautionary CAT scan... 
 has qualifying at 10 a.m. at MIS, Robert Jr. goes out 29th...then, we race at 2 p.m.
 look who got lucky enough to do autographs with Robert Jr. yesterday at MIS. 
 has
 Look who got to do an autograph session with Robert today at MIS 
 has the "band back together" in Michigan getting ready for two practices today with Robert Jr. wheeling the No. 23 machine.
 will be traveling to Michigan later today for the second race in the new Nationwide Series cars. Full day of... 
 is glad you can now complete your day by reading this week's preview.  
 has Robert Jr. in the house this week helping get the Michigan car ready.
 Wow, overcame getting caught up in multi-car wreck, a spin, pit road penalty, got back on lead lap and finished... 
 is good to go at Watkins Glen for today after Alex Kennedy qualified 23rd this morning. Race starts at 2 p.m. on... 
 already has two top-fives for the weekend. Andrew "Big Country" Harris finished second in mechanics race last... 
 has made it to Watkins Glen AFTER a six hour delay out of Charlotte last night, landing in Newark and having to... 
 would like you all to know that Watkins Glen tickets start at $65 for ALL THREE DAYS OF RACING....give em a call and come have a ball!
 has the post-race report from Iowa; it's not even corny.  
 is almost done with the Watkins Glen car Alex Kennedy is driving this weekend. Much attention being paid to the... 
 survived six cautions with two red flag deals to pull off a 23rd place finish, in the No. 23 Chevrolet, at Iowa Speedway.
 had practice rained out in Iowa yesterday. So, we opened garage four hours early for one 90-minute practice this... 
 would like you to check out the front page sports section story about Robert Jr. in the Des Moines Register this... 
 made it to Iowa just in time for the downpours to start. Not sure if we'll get practice in today, but at least... 
 would like you to check out this story NASCARista.com did with Robert Jr...cool stuff.... 
 okay everyone, calm down and get off the speaker towers - here's the Iowa... 
 has the No. 23 Chevrolet ready to load for the road trip to Iowa. Robert Jr. is looking for back-to-back... 
 is putting the final magical touches on the Iowa car. Still have room on hood and quarter panels for anyone... 
 has for your perusing pleasure, this week's post-race report...enjoy, we did.  
 enjoyed a great night at ORP. Great job by team in car prep, pit calls and pit stops. Racin Robert Richardsson,... 
 is smiling. First practice at ORP ended with Robert Jr. 29th on the chart. Crew made some adjustments for second... 
 team has made it to Indy for tech at the short track today, more tech tomorrow morning then two practices,... 
 has, because you've been screaming for it, this week's preview for ORP in Indy.... 
 is putting the final touches on the ORP cars, then off to pull-down rig.
 has the post-race report for your viewing pleasure... 
 is back at it in the shop today working on the ORP and Iowa cars.
 pulled off a 25th place finish, after getting a flat 15 laps into race, with Alex "Kid" Kennedy drving. That's two... 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 will roll off 42nd for tonight's race, Alex was second-fastest driver in 10-lap segments in final practice. So,... 
 has arrived in St. Louis at Gateway International Raceway. Tech today, then off to Harrah's Resort where we're... 
 needs some help from our friends and fans. Go to home page of NASCAR.com and vote for Alex Kennedy on the poll in... 
 is doing some last-minute work on the Gateway cars before loading them up in the hauler. See you in St. Louis!
 has the Gateway preview for your viewing pleasure... enjoy.  
 Have you heard the news, it's all over town; Alex Kennedy is running St. Louis going round and round...(a little... 
 is back in the shop working on the backup and primary cars for Gateway. Look for a little news about that race later today
 had a long night in Chicago after right-front tire went flat nine laps into the race. Took a 31st place finish out... 
 has the road crew off today, leaving for the Windy City on Thursday morning. Schedule at shop getting back to... 
 is doing a little pit practice today and getting the Chicagoland No. 23 Chevrolets ready to race on Friday night.
 has the Daytona post-race report for your viewing pleasure.  
 is at the shop today getting ready for Chicagoland this week, and Gateway next weekend.
 moved up one spot in the Owner's Standings after the Daytona finish. The R3 crew is back in NC safely, Robert Jr.... 
 invites you to pick Robert Richardson, Jr. in the NASCAR Nationwide Series Most Popluar Driver voting now... 
 is pleased with Robert Richardson, Jr. and the No. 23 team. We're fourth on Final Practice speed chart here at... 
 only 
 only took 11 hours and 33 minutes to get through inspection, but we got the sticker to race. Two more practices... 
 is finishing up the inspection process this morning that started yesterday at Daytona. First open test session is... 
 is on a ROAD TRIP!! 
 is on a ROAD TRIP!! Yeah, that's right, we're rollin' old school down to Daytona for this week's racing fesitivities. 
 has the post-race report for New Hampshire for your viewing pleasure.  
 finished 27th yesterday at New Hampshire, "guys back at the shop" are AT the shop working all-day Sunday to leave... 
 has the No. 23 Chevrolet ready to roll for two practices today with Rob Jr. behind the wheel. Great weather here... 
 has the whole crew safely in NH to race at NHMS this weekend. Tech on Thursday, two practices Friday. Staying on... 
 would like you to check out the preview for this weekend's NH race... 
 is having pit practice this morning, then another new style car to the pull down rig later. Looking to get through... 
 has their first new style Nationwide car on the surface plate, and
 has the Nationwide car on the surface plate, and heading for the pull down today. the R3 Motorsports team is... 
 has the post-race report for you from Road America.  
 is working OT to get the New Hampshire and Daytona cars ready. Going to be a long few weeks, but we got the folks... 
 had a top-10 run going at Road America with Alex Kennedy until getting turned by another car. Not bad for an... 
 is loving that Alex Kennedy was 10th on the final practice chart yesterday at Road America. Qualifying this... 
 had the open test here at Road America on Thursday. Alex Kennedy was 22nd and 23rd on the speed chart. Two... 
 is traveling up to Wisconsin later today. Open testing at Road America on Thursday, then practice on Friday. This... 
 Alex Kennedy, an 18-year old from Aztec, N.M., will make his NASCAR Nationwide Series debut with R3 Motorsports... 
 has this information to share with our fans about Road America.... 
 is working on the road course car for Road America in Wisc. this weekend. Hmmm, wonder who's going to drive it?... 
 is
 has Kentucky in the books. Now, it's time go road course racing at Road America in Wisc. for the first time. 
 wanted to remind all our fans about the Fan Forum that is open for you. Check it out, we'd like to hear from you.... 
