  I would go for cuddles from trader Jackson, though *grabs cute panfur and cuddles*
  Fairly sure I don't! Kitty hugs are way better. But hey, I'm engaged, I have to make sure no one gets the wrong idea :-o
 Time to shove the cat off my lap and head to Trader Joe's. He's super cuddly today (the cat, not trader joe :p)
  It is! bratty machine.
  I'm hoping it will work when I restart-laptop keyboard so I can't just replace it (although I could add one i guess)
   excuse. argh. my letter x is broken, I'm using the onscreen keyboard to type it and I forgot. lol
  Luckily I have a good ecuse to go twice. hehe
  Yes-IMAX 3D So cool! lolI have to go back w/ my fiance, I saw it when I was in NY helping out my parents w/o him
  Oh, right! With the cute harry potter lookalike thing. SO CUTE! :) Have you seen the last movie?
 That's not hard for me at all . . . lol Am wearing a seminice skirt with my tevas 
 Running around getting ready for a dinner cruise thing, where I'm told dress will range from jeans to dresses.
  Aw, boo. Is it keeping you all from doing anything fun?
 I really wish I could borrow Hermione Granger's purse right now . . .  
  I bet! Smart you, though, it's the only thing you can do for a virus
  Yuck!! Well keep hydrated and take whatever you can to get through it, then, I guess :(
  Oh no! Headaches are the worst, they make you totally unable to function! Hope you feel better soon :(
  Always a question-what needs replacing FIRST! If computer actually dies it gets priority, but glasses giving me headache
  Good question! LOL Computer is functioning (mostly) for now, so glasses will have to come first I guess
  They did a temp repair on the glasses for me, but they really just don't fit that well.
  And ugh glasses . . .
  I was going to replace the battery but now . . . idk! Battery + hard drive replacement might = new computer money-wise!
  Seriously!! Battery has been dying on my laptop, and now I'm getting a hard drive error (have to see how serious that is)
 Bah-my glasses are officially broken. I wear contacts most days but I really need both. On top of that my computer is having trouble. Argh!
 RT  STOP DISCUSSING THIS DEBT SEAL CRISIS the finances of this poor seal should be between him and his aquatic accountant
  So happy for you and your family, Tiger! from me,  and  
  True!
   Aren't people funny sometimes?? They always think they know what you are better than you do.
  Hang in there! Have a good night :)
  Just hate stereotypes and labels being used like that, I guess!
  Yes! So annoying. Also bugs me when people say they are NOT gay but others insist they are fooling themselves cuz of stereotypes
  eek! Not that that would be bad (if you were) but . . . so annoying when people make assumtpions
  Oh that doesn't sound good!
  Oh yeah? I like having my sis with me at family stuff, too
 Backing up all of my pictures-it's been copying forever, and only 2 more hours to go! lol
  Are you having a good time
  Aww. They'll be super happy to see you. Gromek and Peanut were giving out cuddles like mad while we were in Florida. lol
  Aww, needy kitties! They miss you.
  Yep I think so, he goes for followup tests this week, but so far so good.
  Still looking for work, hoping for etsy sales, same old same old. Kitties are good, though! How're you? And kitties
  Not too bad. We were away and then I had to help out my parents, my dad had a procedure and had to take it easy.
  It might take a couple of tries, sometimes they don't come out quite the size I intend. Rings are fun, though :)
  Yay! OK I'll get the beads and work on it :) Let ya know when it's done and I'll hold it if you're not ready?
  May have found just the thing! Purple, purple! 
  Oh yes, good call. It's a good place for supplies for me cuz you can sometimes get less than a whole strand-sometimes just need a few
  Purple! :) <3 I'll keep an eye out for purple beads that would work for rings
  Hmm, I don't know. I'd have to take a look around and see what I can find
  Yayy, so glad you like the earrings and getting some use out of them!
  Thanks! :) Glad you like!
 Have you seen my newest ring?  Silver plated wire with a gorgeous faceted blue bead
 My fiance is bringing home his laptop with my florida pics on it. YAY! (Yes, I am photo obsessed-didn't you know that??)
  Oh, I see! It looks pretty cool-sort of a sunset boulevard Norma Desmond thing :) Will you do the arms bent or out to the sides?
  I also find them easily portable-made one waiting on my dad's procedure at the hospital, & one on train home from my parents' place!
  Rings are fun, although more trouble (for me) than earrings.
  Looks like quite the project! I can't get motivated to do anything but rings lately (and that includes job search. sad!)
 Work of art in progress-wowee! RT  Doing the arms today!! Then the face and matinee coat! 
 Silver-plated wire-wrapped ring with beautiful blue faected glass bead, size 7  Check it out on etsy!
 Argh! 5 things had all expired at once in my etsy shop and I didn't realize! Boo. Wish they would email or something. 
  good luck to dad for his tests tomorrow from me,   and  ! 
 Would like opinions on this necklace, here or on FB-do you think people would buy one if I remade it for etsy? 
 Boo, jump ring broke on one of my necklaces :( This is why I try not to use jump rings! Planning to remake this for sale without jump rings
 Back from farmer's market-I got the biggest scallions I've ever seen, some cute heirloom tomatoes, green beans, blueberries, & lettuce. nom
 OK, done rambling into the void of the twitterwebs. Off to the farmer's market! When I get back, figure out if I need to cancel my Artfire
 We're going to a dinner cruise tomorrow, (for fiance's work) Sounds like a dressy occasion til I remember it's a bunch of physicists . . .
 Sadly my shuttle launch pics are woefully inadequate compared to my fiance's fancy DSLR. I got pics of the column of smoke left behind . . .
 Really want to upload pics of trip to FL & the shuttle launch, but they're all on my fiance's work comp! Hope he remembers to bring it home!
 Cat  is definitely trying to suck out all my motivation. He's sleeping right against my leg on the couch
 Off to the farmer's market.If I can remove my butt from the couch . . . lol So tired! Hoping they have some interesting heirloom tomatoes
  yup!
 Sooo I guess I'll be giving up my Artfire account now that they've done away with basic! Never used it much anyway. Can't afford a paid shop
  clearly!
 Sneak preview of some rings I'm getting ready to list!  Check them out-copper and silver wire and a variety of stones
  ha! lol that's awesome.
 Pawdicure time for  and  ! Hey, where'd they go?
  Also at the rate wedding is being planned, I'd better get used to it! hehe
  Is easier to type than say (IDK why?) But am TOO lazy to get letters with accents.
  Mostly, actually. But ppl look at me funny! lol
 Just came in from taking pics of some rings. Better see how they came out! I <3 my fiance's new tripod! Old one was wobbly, hard to set up
  If i did that to mine it would be all stalking each other and wrestling (or sleeping) videos. lol
  So cute, though! 
  hmm, true
  I saw a cat cam video once, or I would never have thought of it. It would have to be really tiny though!
  Mine totally would! They sit for treats. I thought maybe it was a tiny video cam in there. lol
  hee hee! Don't give my kitties any ideas, they'll break out and go begging door to door!
  We have some super friendly outdoor (stray?) cats round here
  ROFL! Glasses, before they broke! :p Sleek little black kitty. He kept rubbing his head on my phone, so no pics. lol
 Today-an affectionate little black cat w/ white feet followed me 2 blocks. It had a string w/ a tiny plastic box around its neck. why??
  I was wearing glasses when i went out, so it made getting home a bit annoying but made it. rofl
  Just stomach and sore throat ickiness. Nothing awful. But my glasses broke today, so I cant take out my contacts-grump! lol
 Hoping to get photos of 3 new rings tomorrow.
 I suppose it was inevitable I get sick after a heat wave + stress + pushing myself to get up early to help the 'rents? Bleah.
 entertaining myself on the train by making a ring :-) trying to ignore snoring guy sitting across the aisle . . .
  She had issues re: pet carrier (didn't meet req's) & kittehs were turned away to fly another day-Gcat can tweet her twitter :)
  LOL. She's gotten picky as she gets older-used to just scarf any food down (she's a lab!) Now she looks for meds first
  There've been a few problems w airlines in the past, wonder who has the best record? One of G's friends moved cats by plane rcntly
  Oh, be very careful about that! Especially in summer heat. As you already know, obv.
  Silly? Moi? LOL . . . .never! Crazy dog puts her food out of the bowl onto the floor now, she's searching for hidden meds!
 Dear socks I had to wash after stepping in dog food on the floor: please dry so I can wear you on the train going home today. kthxbai.
 The library books here always seem to have some kind of stain or food residue in them. Gross!! I never had this problem in NY . . .
 Picked up a lot of small, perfect seashells when we were in FL last week for the shuttle launch! Wondering how I can make them into jewelry
  yayy! So cute, what do they sell?
 Made a new ring while waiting for my dad to get out of hospital the other day. Have finally succeeded in making beading portable for me!
 Did you see this awesome terry pratchett treasury? My discworld bookmark was included!  Yay!
 Dealing with family stuff for next few days (again!) Reopened shop but may be slow w replies, things a bit crazy. thanks all for patience!
 Hello lovely followers! I'm pleased to announce my shop is now off 'vacation mode' and open for shopping! Check it out! 
 hmm. we appear to have accidentally wandered onto a clothing optional section ofɜ the beach? those ppl there seem to think so anyway . . .
  er, oops, this is  and  mom. Forgot whose account we're signed into, that message was from them!
  thing of fluid in she lung when her had hers too, and it goes down FURRY slowly, hopefully dat wot dad has too *pawhugs!!*
  Hai tiger, mama checkin in for us from away, glad to see there a shot dat yur dad has just pneumonia! Gramma had big ...
 Can you afford to board the chattanooga choo choo??  (Um, going through itunes putting music back on my ipod lol)
 Aaaah! One of my cats keeps trying to grab me when I walk by. Startled the heck out of me!
  Thank you! :)
 Finally finished that bracelet for my sister's birthday . . . hope she likes it! 
 I have gremlins in my house . . . so far I'm missing a portable hard drive, camera battery charger, and 2 sets of keys . . . argh!
 Woohoo, new shipment of sterling silver wire should be here today, the bracelet I'm making for my sis has left me with a severe shortage!
 Whiny cat says it's time for his snack!
 My shop is now on vacation mode until I can be available to ship orders again (July 17th) :/
 Going to spend the day on my sister's bracelet and some data entry/analysis for that program eval project. What are you all up to? Share!
  Bleah! I don't think i have any of that. I must be tasty, I didn't even have time to put on bug stuff b4 getting bitten!
 Gah. Put on bug spray as soon as I got out of the car yesterday-caught a bug biting my leg while I was putting on the bug spray. SO ITCHY
 We were too busy today to actually go to any July 4th stuff-we're staying home with homemade couscous & blue corn chips. How bout you?
 Starting to hear fireworks. Wonder how the cats will like it?
 One last reminder-get your orders in by tomorrow (July 5) noon (US eastern) as I won't be available to ship out after that until July 17th!
 Get your orders in today so I can ship them tomorrow . . . shop is going on vacation mode after that because I will be unable to ship. TY!
  Exactly. Both mine like to sit down on the laptop keyboard, too. rofl
  that's what I do mostly :)
  My beading helper is the same way. LOL I was just trying to remove cat hair from couch & he jumped up & settled in behind me.
  hehe. I'm probably good, since I hardly ever do my nails . . . wirework and nail polish are not friends anyway.
  Aw! I love your sewing helper! 
  True! I really like this one. lol Right now I only have about 3 colors, and a top coat. LOLOL
  hee! if you do have it, that's funny. I dunno how you'd tell them apart anyway, some are soo similar. I like this one tho!
  It called to me in the drugstore yesterday, had to have it!
  LOL, I was just curious. It's Essie (IDK if you wear that brand?) called 'it's genius'
  hehe. so how big a nail polish nerd are you  . . can you id the color? rofl
  hehe, well glitter away then!
  Booo. Poor pooches
  I've never gone silver. Usually I do a dark red sort of burgundy color now. Most ppl won't see your toes closeup, that helps lol
  Oh, me neither. I'm uploading a pic to FB lol
  Poor Trig!!
  ooh, silver.
 Woohoo, I now have sparkly purple toenails! I feel 12. lol
  when we get back i will :p summer is good time for feeeesh
 i hate eating at places where you have to be constantly vigilant orɜ you won't get your food
  and yes. fish forever!!
  hee! i think we still have 1 piece ofɜ salmon 1 halibut and one something else that i never heard ofɜ before we had it. lol
  Especially out in sun! Moisturize!
  No, we totally still have fish in freezer! Nicely vacuum packed and frozen at edge of sea-last forever! lol
  I could probably save some rocks from the ocean for you. Tell mom to film more!
  Is fish ok? we're heading to the coast . . .
 Off to drive about an hour away to some little bead shop . . . cuz I have a groupon! 
 bedtime!
  Here is a better section of that blog for noodle recipes . . . 
  Hmm, its not all noodle recipes. disappointing! lol
  I found one w noodle recipes. :)  I only have like 3 recipes on my blog but they are all noodle based. hehe
  Am trying to convince friend to start a noodle blog-there is totally room for one out there in the interwebs
  I don't know....NOODLES
 I may or may not be obsessed with 
  Looks like it's mostly reblogged from other sites? Still cool though :)
  ohh, thats pretty cool.
  someone needs to start a really ood blog about . . . noodles
 ROFL! RT  The girls were particularly well behaved in the museum - not one knocked over Rodin statue!
  Oh, cool. :)
  JUST saw it before you tweeted :) Whoa, cool!
  That sounds pretty decent in terms of recovery time. Hopefully it will all go well and quickly :)
  Ahh. Hopefully you won't have to take too many. But do take them if you need them! They say not to let the pain get ahead of u
  hee hee. What kind of surgery is it again? I think you told me . . .
  Yeah :/ How long will you be out of commission?
  Oh yeah, I bet! So frustrating . . . I want to get this done before I see her next week. Are you stressing about surgery?
 Argh. seed beads hate me tonight! Keep breaking them with my pliers :( Will have to pick up working on this bracelet tomorrow!
 Finally getting to work on a bracelet I promised my sister for her bday . . . last November.  oops
 Hello twitterverse! What's everyone up to this long weekend (for those in the US and Canada, at least)? I have shopping to do!
 Reminder! Get your orders in by the end of the day Monday July 4th, I'll be unavailable to ship after that :)
 TY! RT  Cool peeps!        
  Exactly, and the request thing is perfect if you know exactly what you're looking for.
  Yay! I <3 the whole library request thing! (I also <3 going to the big main branch to browse, must do that soon!)
  oh no, boo!
 You have til midnight at the end of Mon, July 4th to get those orders in before I go on vacation! Any after that ship July 18th
  No comp, no tv, just iphone :p lol bad girl!
  But i liked the other parts? lol
  Parts of it didn't make sense, and parts of it were just too concentration camp for me
  I cant decide if i liked that movie . . .
 Just finished watcvhing V for Vendetta (not my choice!!) IDK what I think . . . some very uncomfortable moments in there for me
 Check out new listings today: Sunset scrabble pendant  & Green stone/glass & sterling earrings! 
  hehe. well chart, somehow. bad lauren! they said no comp?
  oh, totally like my dad with his cataract surgery! THAT WAS SO ANNOYING. make an excel so you remember what to do when!
  Is kinda boo. Is the gritty feeling really irritating? I think I'd claw my eyes out. lol
 I'll be unavailable to mail out orders part of next week & week after; get your orders in by end of day July 4th! Back Sunday July 17th. :)
  Well if you end up taking it, I hope it helps in the long run!
  You certainly wouldn't want to get stuck with that job forever. (Ugh, I really do feel for you. so tough!)
  a definite end-point to this potentially miserable job) it might be worth it?
  IDK if this helps you at all, but-would cross-training open new doors for you? If you move in 2 years (so there's  . . .
  hehe. yay! :)
  Oops, you already saw. hehe
 There ya go  told ya you'd see both pendant and earrings today! hehe  
 New listing time! Green turquoise and glass dangle earrings w/ elegantly rounded handmade sterling silver earwires! 
  Makes me laugh, then they would weigh negative 3 lbs (or even less! lol)
  lol, eek! The kitties get an endless supply of weight loss bots, telling them they can lose 15, 20, 50lbs . . .
  We'll see, but sometimes they're so stupid and entertaining. lol
 Most of my followers are women and animals . . . maybe that makes it ok? LOL
 RT   I'm not sure there's such a thing as tmi where twitter is concerned.  or at least a lot of people seem to ...
  Oh no! LOL I don't want to be one of those people! On the plus side-wonder what kinds of spambots i'll get from saying bra?
  David Bowie shirt-good. Just don't buy one you'll never be willing to wear cuz it's a weird style?  
  Hi margaret! *waving*  :) Haven't seen you on here much lately Thank you! Hope you have a lovely weekend, too!
 Huh . . . maybe hand-washing all my comfortable bras when I still plan to go back out to store was a bad idea? (Is that tmi for twitter?)
  ickyyy. i bet that felt weird/gross/annoying. On semi-unrelated note-i have owie mark from tape they put on after bloodwork
  That's the ring my sister tried to steal when I showed her! LOL Ooh-just went to your FB pg, I see one of my fb friends 'liked' it!
  Ooh, yay! :) I want to do more rings :o)
  Ugh, it's too bad they can't tell you for sure if you can go back. :/ At least you're insured either way, tho, that's huge!
 Um, that is make the PHOTO into a pendant, not the actual caterpillar, that would be mean! 
 Oy,  and her caterpillars are making me want to turn this guy into a pendant  LOL
  eek! scary. This happened while you were still there?
  Being unemployed I totally understand your dilemma, though! Could you go back to the per diem if u end up hating the f/t?
  I would avoid taking a job you're probably gonna hate unless you're REALLY desperate (money? insurance?)
 Time to have a snack and plan out some work on the program evaluation project I'm helping with :D One more listing in a little while, too!
  a what what? lol that sounds . . . odd. Yay for over and all well, though! Yay!
 Bright side-at least i know who carries the treats I need (yay for the indie health food store!)
  I know, right? Stupid fish oil!!  Heading back there to exchange after it (please, universe, please . . . ) cools down some!
 Argh, stupid! Went to 3 places to find the only treat my cat is willing to eat on his special diet, got WRONG KIND (something he can't have)
  Ahh, makes sense! Good luck getting everyone where you're going safely!
 What's that, friends? You want a sneak preview of the earrings I'm listing later? OK, twist my arm . . . 
 I'm doing another listing later today, a pair of gorgeous green dangle earrings! (and then I'd better get on making some more stuff!)
 A beautiful sunset photo on a scrabble pendant! The last remaining one of the very first set I made!  Just listed!
 Birds & beaches & snails, oh my! Check out my pics from Maine, I only put a few up, playing with my new flickr :) 
  You have to take them with you? LOL Are they yours, or you take care of them for work (school? The lab u mention in ur blog?)
 RT  Gorgeous! RT  OK, Pendant it is!   Sorry  you may get both tomorrow th ...
 Woohoo, my FB page is up to 79 likes! :)
 RT  Here is a beautiful collection of purple items available on ArtFire. My Czech Lampwork Teardrop Cluster Earrings... ...
 Wanna Buy the Brooklyn Bridge (2)?  Brand new scrabble tile pendant listed on etsy!
 OK, Pendant it is!   Sorry  you may get both tomorrow though ;)
 O...k....one vote for pendant and one vote for 'both.' Anyone else? What to list-pendant or Earrings?
  totally greedy! shocking!
 One vote for pendant . . . any other votes? Should I list a pendant, or earrings?
 Just uploaded some pics from maine on my new flickr account! 
 Taking a vote-what should I list today? A scrabble tile pendant, or a pair of earrings w handmade wires?
  And nice ankles. lol
  It's a unique design, looks like it'd be light for summer too. cool!
  Cool, always fun to see the new designs! :)
 No good angle to keep a cam steady for that... RT  trying to take pictures of my ankle....way harder than I thought it would be.
 Ha-had bloodwork done today, and the tape left worse marks than the actual needle. Seems wrong.
 check out my treasury of local (boston/cambridge/somverville) finds on etsy! So much creative energy around here! 
 What should I list today? Another pendant, or another pair of earrings? taking votes :p
  put it in these!! hehehe 
  baby food jars! endless number of jars of jam :)
 Beautiful dark blue dangle earrings, with butterflies and handmade sterling silver wires  Listed earlier today on etsy
  Ahh, makes sense
  Isnt that what makes it more jammy and less liquidy? Is there something you put instead?
  oh no poor mom! Aw I hope she's OK. They boys send headbonks back to you and  too!
  Hi Jackson, how's it going? How's  and dad and sisfur V?
 OH!!!  Fourth time writing to friend (who'd been going thru stressful time) PAID OFF! A reply, yay, hated to lose a good one 
  It is! Is pectin bad? JAM!!!
  Well it bugs me to lose friends (not even imaginary ones, lol) for no good reason? wtf? And YES-GImme jam!!! :)
 Ow ow ow . . . lay down on the couch for 5 seconds and the cats just chose that moment to chase each other over the top of me . . .
 OK, grumpy time is over. Let's think happy thoughts!
 yes-typo is good evidence for the dumnb theory
 Why do I keep sending emails/messages/FB wall posts to a friend who hasn't written back to the last 3? Am I just being dumb? (probablhy..)
 I really need to make more stuff . . . and find a good craft fair or store to sell at-I need some sales!
 Have you seen my shop lately? I've added copper & stone rings, scrabble tile pendants with beautiful photos, & more! 
 Oh my. Tweeps who watched Dr Who . . . how funny is this poster??     lol
  Thanks for the retweets :)
 Check out my treasury-awesome crafts from local Massachusetts (Somerville/Cambridge/Boston) etsians  
 Working on a treasury of items from local sellers . . . why? because it's way more fun than job searching!
 Dear silverlight plug-in . . . stop crashing while I'm trying to watch Monk on Netflix!!
 Off to take an order to the PO and also get COFFEE!!! I haven't had mine today, didn't get around to it this AM. Heading to local place :)
 New dark blue earrings with butterflies & handmade sterling earwires, featuring beads from  
 Just listed on  dark blue earrings with glass butterflies and my handmade sterling silver earwires! 
  Awww! I can totally relate
  Oh I know that feeling! Prepping for vacation can be so stressful like that. Ironic, eh?
 Have you checked me out on Facebook?  If you love handmade jewelry, like my page to get updates when I list new items!
 And don't worry-I plan to pursue the jewelry design thing part time too, so Im not abandoning you, I know u all need ur hyperspacehippo! ;)
 Some new hope on the job front . . . a new direction to pursue, that i think I can be good at. WISH ME LUCK! :)
  Sounds painful? My feet are still being weird, they didn't like climbing on pointy slimy rocks. lol Doc appts weds, though :/
  How long were you at cottage?
  What'd poor neglected kitty rip open? lol  Trip was good, tired! Lots of climbing around on rocks (tidepools). feet mad at me
  the sign said the water was 15 degrees (yes, i noted the C temp for you! :p)
  Is the water there all nice and warm and balmy like the ocean in Maine yesterday? *shivers*
 How's everyone's weekend going?
  Thanks for the RT! :)
 One more listing before the weekend! One Fish Two Fish Scrabble tile pendant made with Japanese paper 
  Sweet but she really shouldn't have to be worrying about that!
  Awwww.
  Yes, it was! At least it's in the open now so they're not having to hide things from you! Poor kids!
  Any time! :) How's everything going with...all the stuff you told me about by DM?
 RT  New York state senate has just approved gay marriage. 
  or cheaper
  off season sounds good to me, i dont mind a bit of cold in fall, of its less crowded
  OK, we'll keep that in mind for next time we're looking for a weekend trip
  Is September/October a good time for the cape, you think? I was thinking less crowded but still ok weather?
  Do you have a fave place for rocky shores and tidepools?
  I probably agree with you on the rocky shore and tidepools, but seems wrong to move here & never check out the cape!
  yes, finally and v slowly-was hospitalized over 2 weeks w pneumonia.
  Cute! happy dogs!
  I hope to get to cape cod this summer, just cuz I've never been. My mom's been sick so I haven't been in town though. :/
  That sounds good. IDK we've lived here for almost 2 years now, but I've never been!
 Two new photos added to my 'sneak previews' album on FB! Please stop by and 'like' my page  
  Any tips on checking out cape cod without getting stuck in a weeklong traffic jam? lol
  Last few times we went to Salem we parked in a garage, kinda $$. Is there someplace better? We didn't want to drive around looking
  We've been meaning to get to the PEM. Been to Salem a few times, ourselves & w guests, mostly just walked around being cheap. lol
  Thanks for the ideas! I can obviously find stuff online but that's no fun, your ideas are unique! I'd never heard of the EC museum
  Also, did you have room to pack anything other than doggies? Car looks full!
  hee! trig wants to bark, labby wants to know if she's being cute enough for the picture yet?  Only zoe looks relaxed. hehehe
 Oh noes. The fiance wants to do a ome kind of long, organized bike ride . . . and he wants me to come of course. IDK, my poor knees...
  OOH. I <3 Eric Carle, how did you know?
  I'm fairly easy to entertain. Museums are good too :)
  Am open to any ideas that don't involve spending loads of money :) Last year we went to some beach town in maine & walked around
  Oh, yeah I don't apologize for snarking at huffandpuff post. lol I grumbled on your happy friday on fb though. lol
 Who are my local tweeps? Any ideas for Boston are day trips (under 2hrs drive?)  
  Couldn't help myself. Sorry for grumping on your status, that was not nice of me :/
  A bad article? Inaccurate information?? In the huffington post??? Never . . . 
 Hey-anyone have idea for day trips (under 2 hrs drive) from the Boston area?
 Some of my sweet and Crafty  tweeps      
 Wow! My 'Wanna Buy the Brooklyn Bridge?' Scrabble tile pendant is included in this lovely city theme treasury-go see! 
 Have u stopped by my shop & seen my latest creations-scrabble tile pendants w beautiful photos!  
 RT  Mom's latest listing! RT  Check it out! Greek Island Paradise - a Scrabble Tile Pendant  ...
 RT  Hey Tweeps!  Mum is going to start tweeting for TAGS, the rescue group that I came from!  Please follow  & spre ...
 Check it out! Greek Island Paradise - a Scrabble Tile Pendant with Handmade Bail by HyperspaceHippo  via 
 New listing! Wanna Buy the Brooklyn Bridge? Scrabble Tile pendant with handmade bail by HyperspaceHippo  via 
 If you're not a spammer, and you want me to follow you back, I probably just missed you by accident, you can always  me :p
 Time to catch up with new followers and see who to follow back-wanna take bets on how many are just SPAMMERS? lol
 Just finished the photobook for my dad! Better give it one more look in the morning, in case I'm missing anything, then ready to order! :)
 One of my 'boys' watching me stand out on the porch in the pouring rain taking jewelry pics! 
 Pretty! RT  Midnight Magic, beautiful  by   via 
 Just finished taking pictures of some jewelry in the pouring rain-now to see how successful that was!
  Have no info about them except that she cleaning out their NY apartment, and was gonna throw out! Dad's other cousin saved
  Oldest photo with actual date I have here is 1925. Am awaiting packet of photos from dad's cousin's wife...wonder what's in?
 Gah! It's pouring! I'm still gonna try and do pics . . .
 Considering heading out on the porch in the rain to take jewelry pics . . . I think I can stay dry out there. Wonder how pics will come out?
  I think I'll have to do my mom next year, although I'll have to send to my aunt (I think?) for the super old photos i think
 I'm quite liking Shutterfly's 'custom path' for photobooks. It's coming out beautifully using their layouts, there r lots, & u can customize
 What's not to love about pictures of my dad at the age of about 2?? lol
 Just back from Trader Joe's. I love how (at least at ours) most cashiers are friendly, chatty, & like the products (oh, those are my fave!)
  I mean it seems like it oughta be but I would've guessed soy sauce was GF too so obv gluten is sneaky. lol
  We also made basically the same recipe with pasta (and we eat mainly brown rice pasta now so that'd be GF I think?)
 Deear (mostly) white long-haired cat: STOP sitting on my black converse shoes! Love, mom
 Ooh just noticed I have 75 five fans on my FB page! I wonder how long it'll take to get to 100? (Probably long . . . )
  Oh, you should comment that on the blog in case other gf peeps see it and don't think of that :)
 Check out my latest blog post! A recipe for Un-fried Rice I came up with while my mom was sick! 
 Just uploaded a scan of a photo taken in 1925  . . . to a digital photo printing site. Something amusing about that! :)
 A cousin of my father's has apparently found some photos for me, too. Will be fun to look thru, probly won't be in time for the book
 More uploading of old old pics for my father's day photobook. (Yes, I'm obsessed-I found more photos to scan at parents' place last wk too)
  Draw the internet? I'd probably draw cat videos . . . I'm pretty sure that's what the internet is actually made of
 Updated my website just a bit-what do you think? 
 Updating my website instead of eating lunch. oops?
  Aw Milo, you're such a pretty kitty, who wouldn't want to talk to you? I'm  and  hooman.
  Do you love it??? Do you love the music, too? I think that puts it over the top. LOLOL
  Not sure but I know  is one of  tweeps, so he's a friend of a furriend for ya anyway ;)
  I bet you'll get a laugh out of this youtube vid . . . 
  Hi twittery kitty! Doesn't  have the cutest happy pic on there?
 I'm also motivated to update my website. OK, I am going to have lunch. Entertain yourself with this youtube vid: 
 My phrase for the day is 'how cool is that?'  I haven't had my coffee or my lunch and it's making me hyper . . .
 Found a photo with a place label on it that I've never heard of-found the place on wikipedia, it's a spa town in Romania. How cool is that?
 Cool thing from yesterday-I'm still sorting and scanning on family photos for my dad's father's day photobook (late!) ...
  That's one of the things I find motivating about the group, others' motivation. & they get excited about ME-how cool is that?
  As uncertain as your future is, it helps.
  I wish you could find a group like this. We Set goals and try to push each other, it gives accountability.
  I didn't yesterday. I sorta do today. It's more about feeling good about now than any real positive future, but yeah :/
 They are supportive of hte time on spend on jewelry-making AND my desire to have a career/day job/whatever :)
 The best thing that came out of my class on career directions-an informal support/'success' group. Met today. I feel motivated & supported!
 And this is why I shouldn't tweet late at night when I'm going mad from editing photos . . .
 And yes-I know it's not quite the quote. Am paraphrasing . . .
 Hello . . . hello . . . hello . . . is there anybody out there? (Sorry, Pink Floyd moment . . . also am bored, lol)
  LOL, right, that was the fried rice link. I meant granola recipe from your blog! Stupid twitter always hafta leave out the segues
 Just blogged:   'recipe' (using the term loosely) for Unfried Rice
  Cool :) I <3 homemade granola! I blogged my recipe too-not much to it but it was tasty. 
  secret blog!! LOL I love it
  ooh recipe blog, where?
 Have you seen my 2 new rings? copper wire wrapped rings with stone beads and spirals on   
  This is true, too! :) Hehe. Wise guinea pig you are. I came up with a few scraped-together leftover recipes this week, may post :)
  Quite true! Must be a tough day for him, but at least he has someone!
 Also-my sister brought my fiance fancy tea as a gift. I instantly wanted the tin to carrying beading supplies 
 of myself until a few years ago! 
 Interesting to me because, yes, me and my sis did love crafts (we had a pom pom maker, tried to knit, etc) but I'd totally lost that side...
 Oh-interesting thing-friended someone on FB who I haven't seen since elementary school-she sent me a message-she remembers me as crafty!!
 Anyone know a good Boston area restaurant that also sells their dumplings frozen? I know a few in NYC if anyone wants to trade info. lol
 Dinner: Frozen dumplings dragged all the way here from NY Chinatown! (Less frozen now than they were. LOL!!)
  send tacos!
  Someone else sent me a potato salad receipe just the other day, too. Nomnom
  nommy! we just got home, all we've made so far is the cats' and turtle's dinner. lol
  This is true! You can never tell, I certainly read posts without commenting. I just read your open letter . . . how sad for dad!!
  heehee. I came up with a couple this week of random stuff at my parents' house. Saw your post & thought whether i would post
 Does anyone read the recipes on my blog? They're sorta simple, are they worth posting or does no one care? lol 
 Another crazy day . . .we didn't have internet most of the day, and I totally didn't get around to doing pics/listings :(
 Data entry time for me! Had kimchi for lunch. nomnomnom :) Definitely gonna miss NY more than usual when I go home!
  differnt kind of interesting . . . lol
 Wow . . . connecting with people on FB that you last saw/heard from before you were 12, always interesting!!
 Kosher food coma!
 Sweet crafty tweeps for             
 uh oh. post-pizza food coma
 Check out the 2 brand new rings listed in my etsy shop! Copper wire, spirals, and blue or green stones! 
 amazing! RT  Covering 35 animal mummies going to  using twitter & instagr.am - follow us!    
  oh yes. and  agrees. lol
 Having a scone from Alice's Tea Cup in between arguing with the dog about taking her meds. . .
  :) Thanks!!
 RT  Green Eggs and WHAT?!! Check out this  by   Totally worth the time, it's  ...
  LOL thanks for tweeting my ring! I was a bit stuck for a name, I admit it
  Thanks! :)
 New ring  Stormy Sea Wire-Wrapped Ring in Copper and Sodalite by HyperspaceHippo  via 
 New ring! Copper wire, faceted green stone, spiral accents US size 7.5     
 New listing!! 'Green Eggs and Wire' a Wire-Wrapped Ring in Copper & green chrysoprase by HyperspaceHippo  via 
 Uh, I'm sure I'm late on this as it's been a while since I listed anything but: holy new listing interface, etsy!! Confusing.
 Extra plug for my nostalgic father's day treasury before this weekend:  Old NY, movies, & radio-my dad will love these!
 Although it may have eaten up all my work time between going for lunch and taking the dog out in prep for her acupuncture :p
