 And yep I said bumping seemed appropriate for the song
 Bumping "This is how we do it" hahahhahaah
  when is this happening
 TGIF!!!
  you done crossed the line
  oh shush it up
 Workout with  
 RT   - You're the Best, Looking forward to Big Things!!!
 RT  Summer nights <3
 As a little girl I never dreamed.of a wedding I dreamed of independence
  I think marriage ruins people its just words that change nothing if you love someone a ring is irrelevant
  I don't believe in marriage but the idea is beautiful
  that's right baby
 RT    baby girl! Fuck everyone lol you only live one life. . .YOURS! :b
  I love you and if anyone has questions comments or concerns feel free to contact me that is all
 But at the end of the day peoples opinions of me are just that opinions the people I love and care about know me and that's what's important
 At the end of the day its my life and who I choose to be intimate with is also my choice I love my friend for looking out for me
  love ya too
 RT  Forever is a long time
  alright
 Fish lips....lol 
 RT  I bottle my emotions...
 RT   WOW..
  hey bf Wat u on
  nada amor
 RT  Girl u a dime that's top of the line... cute face slim waist with a big behind!
   lol
 Just seen  at bw3 hey boo
 Gym time with the bff
 Funny how.strangers want to.see you smile but the ones who "love" you make you upset
  this sucks
 I am such a cry baby today what's wrong with me :(
 No more black men for me *shakes head*
 Now following the gorgeous  before she kills me lol
  wo wo wo such language
 Out to eat Sushi with my love bugs  
 Tacos and mango for dessert mmmm
  find u a buddy
  need to change it up
  lol here you go!
  could it be my hair??? Lol
  how are you
  why
 RT  I love when I'm wit someone n niggas be like on wat u caught her 
 Avacado bubble tea mmmm with 
 Now following  hey boo I miss you
 Captain America 3D with my honey so excited!:)
 RT   hates having to wear normal clothes to fit in, like at a business meeting or wedding.
  and u know this man
  Wat u on tonight
  hey boo boo
 What's funny is I just seen her so called boo with another chick Mmm ok
 RT  Sooooo from the looks of my TL, everyone was pretty much wasted last night huh?
 RT  Had a great time wit my bishes  and  :D love yall
 RT  U can never change her past...but u can create the most beautiful future that any woman has ever seen...
 Just closed that chapter you can have his lying ass dumb ass
    Idk
  you too boo
 I miss  come home bf already
  he sure did lol love my bff she fine
 Time for sleep with him :)
 Like to wrap my legs around his neck and keep them locked
  and   need to be careful
 Thick As give him whip lash haaaaa
 You the baddest that ass is the fatest...out with the bffs  
 She so cool give head with her shades on...
 I know  type I'm glad she's finally excepting it
 Two people need to get over themselves and realize they are supposed to be together 
 Day go faster don't want to be at work anymore
 What an ugly day tryna blow this popsicles stand
 RT  GoodMorning x TGIF♥
  in my henny voice "you don't know me"
 First customer of the day says "you know about that black serial killer yea that's what I call affirmative action" Smh
 Morning love bugs
  ok I'm a find a pic from when I was 15 I wad dark as fuck
  I'm so serious mam
 My mind tends to move fast as the hours get later
 I gotta thang for dreads something so sensual about them too bad never had one *shrugs
 I'm focused man you should know this man...
 RT  Its simple....Live life....no stress....drama free....
 Bout to hit you with the angry text wait for wait for it texting it texting it SENT
 I feel like every year I get lighter! Wtf! At this rate I will be transparent by 30
  gorgeous avi hun
 The sky is the limit but even that feels limitless...
 RT   lmao 
  exactly that's what I always say
 Going to sleep fuck it...
 Laughing cuz  just text me "ugh" and its ironic because they are saved in my phone as "_____ ugh" lmao
  I do I do!
 RT  Forever is so overrated. Let's start by making it through today.
  you must have forgot your lil jacket lol
 We through a party ya we through a party bitchs came over ya we through a party...
 RT   Where elegance meets cool, and sense meets sensibility: That’s a 
 Watching all the "true life's" right now via MTV
 RT  All the bad things that's been going on in my life are starting to turn positive..
 RT   Charming, refined, loves the finer things in life, but remember the scales we can tip very fast&be untamed wildcats
 Greeted
 RT   If you can't Cook.. You don't have any business having High Standards!
 If you tryna be a sugar baby and think its not sexual your dilusional
 RT  Pretty eyes tell pretty lies
 RT  I <3 full lips
 RT  I <3 full lips
 Mmmm noodles and company oh the simple things
 RT  And when you say your prayers at night, he's still in there. Because even though he broke your heart, you really did ...
  haha been known to happen to us a lot
 RT  lmao u a fool RT  I think ima go on a cereal diet so I can lose weight
 RT   when you nut to quick..that mean she 
 RT  Carry yourself like a queen & you will attract a king... Carry yourself like a hoe & see how far you will go!
 RT   when she keep sucking yo dick after you bust cause she wanna do it again
 RT  I LOVE ME SOME HIM
  never that boo boo
  is too Hollywood don't follow him lol
 RT   is always there to help the ones they love.
 RT  Find something worth dying for, then live for it.
  your the best for coming by bringing me lunch :)
  lol sorry Mr Hollywood still Comibg for dinner? Or is that our business too? Lol
 Ahhhh he drives me crazy in a perfect way...
 RT  LADIES: it no longer makes sense to be "second" in his life when you're good enough to be "first" in someone else's.
 Good Morning :)
  you kno its true
 I wish I could wake up tomorrow and my hair be done!
  you already know how that goes if I'm ms then you GOTTA be the Mr. Hollywood
 RT  LADIES lets choose a national disappearance day.. where all women hide out from men on earth and lets see wat would  ...
 RT  lmfao today was too hot to function......
  here you go Smh
 RT  Alot Of Subtweeting Popping Off On My TL.... Yall Betta Exchange Numbers I Aint Tryna See All That
 Hurry up I'm sleepy!
  uh hmmm
  I'm talking about saying its shameful
 Time for Pandora
  lol stop it
 No scratch that juslisen was my cd!
 Got me thinking about soulstar wish I still had that cd Ooo I could listen to that all the way through...
  don't get beat up.via Twitter sucka
  Aww I'm sure she's spoiled
  not at all I was highly disappointed things haven't been the same since soulstar lol
  same same hows the lil one
  I know this son!
  agreed!
 RT  I swear if I hear about one more MF being pregnant!! Seems like the shit's airborne!! Better invest in some full body con ...
  mmmm if you say so
  that's mean! And yes I did at 7:26 pm
  how are you
 So I text my bf  earlier but since his other bf (Boooo)  is in town I'm irrelevant...go figure! Smh
  shut yo behind up
 RT  I broke up with my past....So I could fall in love with my future
  damn that's too fuck'd up
 RT  "If you don't love me, Somebody else will" - Comfortable, Lil Wayne. 
  how the fuck
 I hate Dave on storage wars!
  lmao
 RT   As a  often dominated by a strong mate, you'll need to learn how to battle when it counts.
 He said I'm on to Asians Puerto ricans ain't the style no more lmao
 Can't wait to see my honey date night :)
  lmao mmmm ok
 To have someone tell you what going on and you still go be with that person is miserable fyi
 RT  Ain't goin get mad cuz they both some unstable creatures
 RT  You ain't Accustomed to going through Customs, You ain't been nowhere Huh??
 RT  U BETTA WEAR A LATEX B4 U GET THAT LATE TXT THAT...I THINK IM LATE TEXT...
  lmao you ain't right
 I'm not worried karma is far more of threat than I
 RT  Careful riding a  nerve so closely. Once you cross a certain point you are in the red zone! 
 RT  Idk how to express interest.
  ok
 People always say if it were it me I wouldn't be able to make that decision Smh you would if you have to
 You never know what decision you can make until you have to make it...
  pretty much! But ummm we kicking it this weekend tramp?
  no on fb lol
 Strawberry mango cooler mmmmm 
 Thank god for ac at hone at work and in the car!
  LOL nada
 Get in the car to get lunch this car says its 117 and degrees outside TF
  sorry boo I'm on it
  I haven't done mine in 4days and tiff asked me who did my hair lol
  I hate it its the devil lol
  lol I kno I haven't done my hair in 4days too hot just letting it run wild
  I think it might be time to rock the doobie lol
  lmao right damn near bout to put my hair in a doobie lol
 The owner of my job looks like the "old man" from pawn stars lmao
 Or during the day don't really matter...
 Anyone know anywhere hiring looking for a night job...???
  lmao u damn rican
 RT  I hate when I text the wrong person something bc I'm not paying attention
 He was a little shocked when I told him how old I am yikes lol
 Apparently my hair today is average great by normal people standards but average for me lol love my manager sexy ass
 What a great morning went and got breakfast only to come to work and find panera bagels! Mmmm! Love my job!
 Good Morning Tweethearts!
 RT  Ppl make time 4 what they want 2
 RT  I dont think Men will ever understand Women!
  the worst boot leg ever
  I seen you today miss thang
  lmao
  oh nothing
  where the old lady at
  on the southside con migente
 I wonder where my bff  been??? Hmmm
  aye lil dog
  can you get me a slice please
 Life has the strangest way of working itself out I never would of thought I'd be so happy
  lol I just downloaded it girl
  got me playing complicated by Nivea all the way home lol
  same Shit different day
  lol its not a fro
  hey squarev
  lol no you wont but im bored at work too rather be here tho then in that heatv
  Smh don't be like that but I'm good and you?
 RT  This used to be my song!!!!! Nivea-Complicated 
  what's wrong with natural lol it looks so cute on you
  your terrible no faith
  lol you already know Smh
 RT  Lol nope once im off im offRT   cuz you not yo name Mondo even when you off the market yo ...
  girl you kno I did was gonna make a racial joke but thought against it lol
 What I'm doing at work lol 
 I walk in to work.today and there is cake my co worker says "want a piece its better than sex" lmao
 I have the best no second guessing nothing he wouldn't do for me...:) even when I piss him off!
 But yet I know you still talking to her I wish you the best good day sir I'm happy with mine!
 And yet he's still in my ear talking that I love you Smh
 RT  Who's gon take me to see final destination 5 omg!! I ove all them movies
 RT  I'm a good woman....& I can't allow anything but a good man in my life
 I love youuuuu pookie
 RT  My head hurtn like crazy
 I remember when I use to take  to see her boo
 How did me and steph drop off our friend to visit her man in jail and we come back and she missing Smh only us
 RT  Facebook: a place where people announce their problems to the world but not to the person they have a problem with.
 RT   is the sign of elegance, refinement and aesthetic beauty.
 Clean house, time to shower then head into the blistering heat...
 I love my best friend we was both out of there last night  lol this was supposed to be tweeted June 11
 Why does it smell like ketchup on burleigh???
  good luck
 RT  Let's all just get stoned and go swimming!
 Ahhhh so happy my sweetheart...now my watermelon I actually hate watermelon but its sooooo good this morning
 RT  If I rent Noyes out tonight for a late night swim will y'all come ???
 Good morning tqeethearts...woke up next to my love and his allergies Smh lol
 So who the fuck is k
  goodnight stank
  lol
  let me get it
   need to leave Rayvon alone just cuz he the new hotness and you guys the old and busted lmao
  hey calm down lol
 I want a coconut with a straw mmmm 
 RT  Eva had ya pussy ate in da shower, yo man 2 dumb to think like dat haha lol
 Ohhhh ok.
 I want some head...
 Let's see how this works testing testing 1-2-3
  hater lol
  solo I seen his little cute self at summerfest had the girls falling in love lol
   aye leave him alone ass
 RT  ❒ Single ❒ Taken ✔ Does it matter ... No one is faithful anyways ...
  maybe its true
 RT  Couldn't agree more!RT  I dont think its right to throw the luv word around! say it with passion not cau ...
  shut to ass
  yep air drying naked like a motha fucker
 I am so sweaty ugh
 RT   true. Sex doesn't make the relationship, the relationship w/someone u love makes the sex great
 Bastille Days is finally over too mad these MF's won't let us load  bring yo ass
  your ugly what's your point
  gorgeous avi you look great lost so much weight
 RT  A  is always worth waiting for.
 I am not a pretty specimen at the moment
  lol you know what I meant geesh
 In the last 4 days I have worked 50hrs TF!
  get of my TL in my chlorine voice
  you are not a nice man
  that was a  Smh no good sex
 Thinking about good sex now hmm
  thats very true and sometimes love let's you see past that but not all the time
  not the most important part but can make or break if you can't have good sex you can't be truly intimate
 RT  Broke ass niggas will never have shit because they are comfortable with using women 
  I know I know
 Feeling nauseas from being outside ugh :(
  I meant pulling no hoes lol
  I been fly since the wright brothers catch that or did it fly over your head??? Lol
  get on my nerves we all know you ain't pulling map hoes lol
 A closed mouth don't get fed
 Men cobstanltly talk about getting or wanting head I don't see women saying it as much wonder who gets it more?
 Coming in 3hrs and 10minutes!
 Cold shower!
 RT  I wanna smash a foreign girl..one who doesn't no English 
 RT  females geek over anything , thats why all the lame niggas got all the bitches , it dont take much 2 impress these hoes .
 Who will be cooking for me giving me a massage and rubbing my feet??
 RT  I live in a world full of people 
  yea Id think so :)
  can I come too
  I'm a better student
  hey mr
 On all the social networking sites being bored
  bday coming around fast =)
  well I'm up for learning can't turn down a good lesson
  tmi mfs may be doing it but it might not need to be televised lol
 RT  No, I haven't met Mr.Right. But I've met, Mr.liar, Mr.Asshole, Mr.Player, and Mr.Douchebag
 Last text I got was at 1:49 pm today from my ex talking that bs I need new friends lol
 Need a nice man to come help me and steph around 11 any takers???
 I like my men just like my coffee strong dark but with a little cream and know just how to get me up in the morning ;)
 RT  "she loves to wrap her legs around my neck and keep em lock"
 I'm insane I'm hard to deal with I laugh to much I don't pray as much as I should but I am a work in progress and that's what matters
  you ain't even tell me Dick wad
 I just want you to know you deserve the best your beautiful I want you to know your far from the usual
 Had a lot of crooks try to steal your heart never really had couldn't never figure out how to love...
  he's the Shit
  yea we can't be there the same week
  but your pants still got straps
 RT  Pickup lines???? 
  I love it
  alright in there Wat city do I fly too
  you really would have to make rice with no pork and chicken as a side Ouch
  Awww man got to change all the recipes I'm Puerto rican we put pork in everything lol
  over here reading fortunes just told this man "you will get no pussy tonight that is all" lmfao
  Idk just cuz
  lol I will punk when can I come and just know I'm crashing at to house
  thats a good thing not everyone can cook and even so not everyone's taste buds are the same let your stomach lead u lol
  haha ain't no might about my cooking you will be in love lol
 Really need to go visit  before the summer is ubersexual he is having all the fun without me
  lol hey you said it not me I mean we can have a cook off
 RT  whats the number one cause of relationship problems in our generation???? ..... social networks 
 RT  Now following  cute avi! Yo tats cold!
  lol ok that's what's up name the dish and we cooking well me
 RT  If u get a girl to fuck in this weather with no central air or AC you really 
 RT  And for all the ladies with that wolf puss... YOU STINK. And no way that's smellin good with this heat n all that hair.
 RT  my ebt benefits re-up tomorrow!  ....i'ma be fat AF...lmao! I'll cook you bring the ebt
 RT  I would rather walk with God in the dark than go alone in the light.
 RT   you pull up at the gas station & he doesn't get out to pump you gas
 RT  Eveyone was born an original, but most of them spend the rest of their lives trying to be like somebody else
 RT  A man doesn't need to prove to the world if he truly loves someone. Because if he can prove this to His girl, the wo ...
  Oooh well damn
  nope not true
 RT  3 ninjas! that used to be my shit! Rocky Colt and Tom Tom was gooned up
 RT  Sexy tall men....
 Bored at Bastille Days! 
 RT   what did u get done? Got my blone blonder lol
  finally went and hot my hair done ny roger lol
  where u been?
 Ok I'm done...
 Club  got Pandora going its hot as fuck but overall a beautiful day!
 I dont only love u im in love with ur gorgeous self 
 but u know i love you , and that smile of yours jus does something to me 
 Im really sorry yea sometimes im an asshole but its to cover my insides feelings 
 I was leaving for school and didnt know if u would or could be faithful while i was gone and wasnt gone set myself up to get hurt 
 RT  Drink to dat yea yea *ri ri voice * lol RT  What's the first thing you do when you break up with someone???
 What's the first thing you do when you break up with someone???
 RT  Imma asshole to most ,nice to a few. Guess what side u jus made?
  oh yea its sad
  one to talk
  lol u still got time
 RT   where you at L.I.?
  oh don't you start
  
  true true
  today girl
 Bastille Days woot woot need to do all the festival shut face paint henna eat and ummm Idk lol
 RT   when she only hit you up when her an her ole man on bad terms .
 RT   When you aren't allow to check my phone.
  when you only met his baby cuz his older kid can talk
 It's hottttt
 Billionaire swag with a do boy energy
  lol oh I know got lil SIS who grew up on the new generation if Disney (late ass tweet) lol
 Do you karma will handle the rest...
 The funny thong is if I was childish I could expose you but I'm nitvgge type as you know
 RT  Nothing last forever but ur relationship with God
 Last day of Bastille! Woot woot been a long weekend cone visit me and 
 RT  I wish I had a fine chick that texted me stuff like, "wanna fuck?" .. That would be nice!
  right these shows are far too goofy lack natural comedy Smh the poor minds of the younger generation
  lol that's a hard word but yea that was a good one Disney channel had all the good movies...not anymore tho
  lol with that boy who was turning to a leprechan (spell check)
  alright I got you I mean its clearly a classic! Lol
  I have it! And on vhs lol that's how old it is lol
  it really did lol
 Shower then sleep!
 RT  RT  NOW & FOREVER LISTENING TO JoJo's Marvin Room Remix..! I  It..
 RT  Keep Lovin.... Frank Ocean
 RT  her eyes, her eyes, make the stars look like they're not shining. her hair, her hair, falls perfectly without her try ...
 RT  I hate being lie to when I knw the truth 
 RT  nothing even matters =)
  love and got you too
  its not me who dies the nails its my best friend and tea age has a spot at the beehive on farwell
 RT  Don't count on nobody but ya damn self....I'ma always have my own back....
 Reality check of a lifetime!
  nice seeing you at the tent def come get your nails done sometime :)
  thanks love
 I love my bf  he's far away but still here for me and as much as I don't want to admit it he's right shoulda seen that coming
  lmfao yea Shit just got too real gon need more than a chopper
 Really got to brush it off and keep it moving...some people are pure liars
 RT  The typical  native is almost always on the 
 Oh when your lies become your realities
 Awkward moment when you run into the man who tells you he loves you on a date with a woman you know I call that a 
 Kissing staring in his eyes it time to tat his mam on my inner thigh...I like to call him bay when he gotme in the box
  Shit got real when you thought it was try confession Sunday laying with  
 Going to get fuckkkkked up with  and  we deserve it!
 Just came off working 12 hrs and what am I gonna do? Go out! Lol
 At Bastille Days!! :)
 I couldn't be in a worst mood
 RT  I may be just an ordinary girl but, look into my heart and you'll finally find exactly what you're looking for
 RT  Count your blessings, not your burdens.
 ...Helping  set up for Bastille Days! Come down get Minx Shellac Lash Extansions or just a Mani Thursday-Sunday!
 Cant wait to get off work!
 If you only knew :)
 RT  I need to be my own boss. I cant deal with slick mouths at work. I be wantin to put a soap bar in their mouth.
 Anyone looking for a booty call??? 
 Finally realizing that...
 It's hard to find the good in goodbye but there's a life after its all said and done
