 I posted 34 photos on Facebook in the album "Suta and Rich" 
 10 Summer Sandwiches - Food on Shine  So good - want to try all of them!! 
 Summery Dessy Styleboard using many Happy Gatherings images . . . can anyone guess why I chose that title? 
 Sophisticated Lady : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group:  via  
 
 RT  The Truth About Motivation: Push, Pull and Death  Sad but uplifting! 
 Photographing Suta and Rich's wedding at Saphire Estate in Sharon, MA today - hoping for a sunset shot on Lake... 
 Summer Shack : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group:  via   DARING PALETTE
 Photographing Suta and Rich's beautiful wedding Saturday at Saphire Estate, Sharon, MA - sunset shots on the lake!! 
 I posted 21 photos on Facebook in the album "Summer Senior Portraits" 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Summer Senior Portraits" 
 I posted 17 photos on Facebook in the album "Silver Kingdom Renaissance Faire 2011" 
 Check out "Wish Upon a Wedding ~ Boston & New England Launch Party"  via  
 Boston Black Raspberry : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via  
 Check out "DSLR SMACKDOWN:  A ONE-DAY PRIMER"  via  Great Fusion Workshop!  
 RT  Crimson, scarlet, amaranth, blush, candy apple, carmine, raspberry, magenta, cerise, or good old red and pink.  ...
  Was just asking about the difference between "Watch" and "Warning" - calm in Boston now. 
 I posted 13 photos on Facebook in the album "New Century Dance Company" 
 I love to photograph dancers!!  The New Century Dance Company of Miami, FL is my absolute favorite "performance... 
 BTW, where to buy a headless female mannequin or old seamstress dress form to display vintage wedding gown?  
 Where to find a Vintage Wedding Gown to display in new Saxonville Studio?  
 Next purchase: CS5 Extended for my new MacBook Pro - OMG this is an expensive profession!!!  
 Next week:  wedding - funky "Mad Hatter" setting - can't wait!  
 Our friend and colleague, Stephen Sherman, will be giving a 9-part series of lighting workshops in his South... 
 I posted 45 photos on Facebook in the album "Natick Pre-Prom Gatherings" 
 I posted 48 photos on Facebook in the album "Natick High School Pre- Prom Gathering" 
 Like shabby soho-style mill building for your senior high school portraits?  I have just the place!!  
 Booking over the phone A LOT this month - weddings, bar mitzvahs and portraits.  I like that!! 
 I posted 13 photos on Facebook in the album "Mentoring Session" 
 Summery lemons and twilight turquoise and indigo . . . . beautiful opposites! 
 Indigo and Lemon Wedding : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via  www.happygatherings.com
 Where’s Hillary? Hasidic paper breaks the rules by editing her out of White House photo - Yahoo! ..  But nice PS work!
   Loved meeting you at NEWP last night!  Please come back often!  
 Boston Black Raspberry : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via  
  Spent the morning with my mom - still cool at 91! 
 We spent the morning with our mom at her nursing home in Wayland.  She's so cool she has her own Facebook Page!! 
 Spent the morning with my mom in nursing home - she wants to read "A Singular Woman" about Obama's mother.  Mom is still "hip" at 91!!!
 Hoped that Pants on Fire would win Kentucky Derby today - great to see female jockey! 
 New Saxonville studio is almost ready . . . lights and backdrops next week!  Senior portraits all summer! 
 I'll be photographing a wedding at funky Upstairs on the Square in June.  Talk about a "Mad Hatter" kind of venue... 
 Heidi and Dan's 1st Anniversary is coming up soon!  Here's a look back at their beautiful Charles Hotel wedding... 
 Just made a video on Animoto called "Heidi and Dan"  1st Anniversary soon Congratulations! 
   and 88,000 photographers fight over them! 
 We'll see a lot of lace sleeves, v-necks and fascinators this season - lovely gown-very Grace Kelly-esque 
 Didn't see even 1 photographer this morning - where were they hiding?
 I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "Love the hats!!!" 
  We'll see a lot of long lace sleeves, v-necks and fascinators at 2011-2012 weddings STUNNING! 
 $45 for a Yearlong Dual or Family Membership to the Institute of Contemporary Art ...  
 "Children at Weddings" Exhibit goes up on Monday at First Parish Church, Wayland Center and will be on display all... 
 RT  REAL WEDDING: EDYE & RUSSELL AT THE HYATT CAMBRIDGE: Blogger: Andrea E. McHugh Photography by: © Carol McGregor ... h ...
 RT  REAL WEDDING: EDYE & RUSSELL AT THE HYATT CAMBRIDGE: Blogger: Andrea E. McHugh Photography by: © Carol McGregor ...  ...
 RT  REAL WEDDING: EDYE & RUSSELL AT THE HYATT CAMBRIDGE: Blogger: Andrea E. McHugh Photography by: © Carol McGregor ...  ...
 RT  REAL WEDDING: EDYE & RUSSELL AT THE HYATT CAMBRIDGE: Blogger: Andrea E. McHugh Photography by: © Carol McGregor ... ...
 Thanks, Brittany!  Edye and Russell's wedding was one of my favorites!! 
 Finished editing Arielle's Bat Mitzvah, Nashawtuc Country Club, Concord, MA.  What a blast - Photos to come! 
 My friend Jill Porter from Petal Pushers Floral Studio in Natick stopped by this morning with a beautiful Easter... 
  via  SO fun! - making a wedding coloring book today!  
 Great collection of American West inspired images.  Especially love the turquoise/feather motifs - some great... 
 Dusty Rose and Goldenrod : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via  
 "Children at Weddings" photo exhibit on display at First Parish Church, Wayland Center starting May 1  
 Lots of Boston wedding images by Happy Gatherings featured in this Dessy Style Board! 
 Boston Black Raspberry : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via  
 Getting ready for Arielle's Bat Mitzvah tomorrow!  Temple Shir Tikva Wayland in the a.m./Nashawtuc C.C. in the... 
  Taking Jenn's class in July - cannot wait for this!!  
 I posted 30 photos on Facebook in the album "Children at Weddings" 
 What Lucky People Do Differently  Poignant article via Jonathan Fields Blog  
 Jill Porter of Petal Pushers Floral Studio in Natick has a brand new website featuring photos by Happy Gatherings... 
 What fun!!!!! 
 Incredibly Creative High Heels - My Modern Metropolis  via  LOVE THESE! 
   I LOVE BHLDN!
 Happy Gatherings is taking appointments for Spring/Summer Family and High School Senior Portraits.  Your choice of... 
  via  What a fun idea - especially for a kids project in my new studio!  
 Senior Albums coming soon in Finao Happy Cow Colors! featured at our new Saxonville Studios Location 
 5 finished wedding albums delivered last week . . . catching up before he 2011 wedding season begins! 
 My 91-yr-old mom said new Red Sox player's name won't fit on jersey - must be catcher Jared Saltalamacchia!! 
 I was invited to photograph a styled engagement/bridal shoot last summer at Wadsworth Mansion, Middletown, CT.... 
 Just posted styled bridal shoot at Wadsworth Mansion with Kate Parker   
 Saw this tonight at the newly renovated Boston Opera House . . . . fabulous show!!! 
 The Boston Ballet Presents "Elo Experience", Dance Tribute to Choreographer Jorma Elo | Goldstar  via  WOW
 Summer Shack : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via  SNOW IN BOSTON! 
 Maximum creativity in just 7 square inch  FUN BLOG - great marketing ideas!  
 Awesome - I'll be there!  Anyone else going? 
  Using Martha's pom poms at styled bridal shoots  
 Dusty Rose and Goldenrod : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via   
 I posted 28 photos on Facebook in the album "Happy Gatherings Portraiture" 
 We are gearing up for a VERY BUSY 2011 wedding season!  FYI, here is our current Price Guide - call the studio at... 
 Summer Shack : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via  Razzle/Dazzle  
 Check this out!   via  Love the new (yellow!) look!  
  Style Your Dream Wedding is the best bridal resource book ever!  
 Enough already with the snow!!  Let's THINK SUMMER!! 
 Summer Shack : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via    THINK SUMMER!
 Ready to learn from Jesh!!! -  live on 
 On Style  good article on style vs versatility on DWF  
 NEW PORTRAIT STUDIO at Saxonville Studios/Grand Opening summer 2011 - High School Seniors, Families and Individual... 
 St. Patrick's Day is BIG in BOSTON!!  Here's my tribute to the festivities in "Southie" tomorrow! 
 Vintage St. Patrick's Day Wedding : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via 
 FREE Weekend Workshop with  on Posing and Lighting. Starts Friday at  -  LOVE BAMBI!!
 Just renewed my domain name for another 9 years with Network Solutions - Happy Gatherings lives on to 2020!!!
 Kate Parker's Prepare to Wed is a superb wedding resource blog for busy engaged couples.   I just returned from a... 
 Just returned from a spectacular styled bridal shoot at Round Barn Farm, Waitsfield, VT.
 Wedding inspiration boards - Prepare To Wed- wedding planning resource  Fearless colors!
 Digital Divas are hosting Sybylla Smith Monday at Digital Silver Imaging.  She'll give a 2-hour workshop on... 
 I posted 18 photos on Facebook in the album "Roller Kingdom Bat Mitzvah Party" 
 Tell Congress: Don't pull the plug on NPR and PBS. Defend public media!  via  
 Exeter Inn Bridal Show was fabulous   - met so many nice couples! 
  Taking part in PTW styled wedding shoot next week at Round Barn Farm, VT.  Any snow coming? 
 Just received a huge Green Bride Guide Promo Bag of Goodies at a NEWP meeting in Boston . . . what an amazing... 
 You Suck  Love this guy!  Read his blog every chance I get! 
    This is just what I'm looking for at this point . . . . thanks! 
 FREE  Workshop with  March 4-6! LIVE Online at  
 Cyber Kisses from Syb!  via  Syb Smith photo styling workshop at Zeff Photo, 2/28 12-2 p.m.
 Atelier Aimée Bridal Dress Collections | Wedding Inspirasi Bridal Inspiration Blog  via  www.happygatherings.com
  Out with the old and in with the NEW!!  Wedding attire will never be the same!!  Thanks BHLDN 
  Happy Valentine's Day!! 
 Happy Valentine's Day Everybody!! 
 E-Session in Boston's North End this Friday with Nicole & Ryan - looking for best pastry shop suggestions! 
 Tutti Frutti Valentine : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via  
 Just posted Wendy and Brendan's wedding at Exeter Inn on  . . . super couple!
  Enjoyed the Mitch Meyer interview! Talented AND humble!  
   "staycation" love it!  Every time I try to pull out of my driveway, it's a "praycation"! 
 Thanks to "Prepare to Wed" for re-posting an Inspiration Board I designed last week on their site.  Check out... 
 Sarah Q Designs offers FlipBook templates and hosting services.  Here's Happy Gatherings new 2011 Pricing Guide in... 
  This Valentine Menu looks absolutely delicious!!  
  This soundtrack is mesmerizing - give a listen!  
 Exeter Inn Sampler - Wendy and Brendan's wedding Saturday- arriving mid-afternoon by DOG SLED!  
 Love the paintings, but the lens up to the eye thing is VERY distracting - do... (YouTube )
 Visit Exeter Inn, NH tomorrow to prep for Sat's wedding - adding "fusion" to coverage. Make B&G snowmen!! 
 Mary Virginia Swanson's seminar at B.U. was fantastic this morning!  She spoke on Marketing Fine Art in the... 
 Great B.U. seminar - I'm now an official Mary Virginia Swanson "groupie"  
  Wonderful Workshop on Making and Marketing Fine Art Photography this a.m. at B.U.  SO much info!  
 Jennifer Hudson's Photo Workshops fill up FAST!!  I'm happy to be attending her retreat at The Wayside Inn in... 
  Happy to be part of this July workshop with Jennifer Hudson! 
 BTW, what's another word for "ethereal"?  Trying to name Anthropologie's new Bridal Gown Concept coming 2/14 
 Working on Sarah and Noah's beautiful Boston Harbor Hotel album this week. . . . more to come! 
 1.jpg 
  Looks like cranberry chutney in that sandwich, too!!  Yum!! 
 Just made a video on Animoto called "Susanna and Kimberly":  Sent hi-res video to them today!
 Valentine's Day Pricing Special - 20% off Collection Prices for your 2011 Wedding - book before 2/14/11!!  
 Wendy and Brendan's wedding at Exeter Inn next Sat.  Great for snow shots - we're BURIED in N.E. !! 
 The Perfect Palette: By Request: Pretty in Pink-Light Pink, Mauve, Gold...  Love this! 
 "still-unnamed bridal collection" . . . . put on your Thinking Caps, people!  Let's help name the new... 
 I'll be attending this seminar at Boston University on Saturday - strategies to market fine art photography in the... 
  I'll see her Saturday at B.U. Time to grow in new directions . . . . can't wait! 
 Can't resist this color combo for a Valentine Wedding! 
 Tutti Frutti Valentine : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via   SWEET!
 Tutti Frutti Valentine : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via  
  as a Boston wedding photographer, this is big news for me!!  2011 brides in Anthropologie gowns! 
  Give Priscilla a run for her money! 
 RT  Draping silks, traces of lace, a hint of sparkle - steal a glance at BHLDN, our newest brand to URBN!  ...
 The rumors were true . . . . Anthropologie is launching a new line of bridal wear on Valentines Day.  How cool is... 
 I just designed this Dessy Style Board with Valentine's Day weddings in mind . . . happens to be my favorite... 
 Will You Be My Valentine? : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via  
 That was fun . . . . . and appetizing!!  As soon as the snow stops here in Bo... (YouTube )
 RT  Character is doing the right thing when nobody's looking. - J.C. Watts
 Lucien Aigner: A photojournalism pioneer - Boston.com   a "must see" at DeCordova Museum 
 Dusty Rose and Goldenrod : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via  www.happygatherings.com
 Warm and Vibrant Tones : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via  www.happygatherings.com
 Artichoke and Sage Vintage Wedding : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via  www.happygatherings.com
 RT  Free seminars and webinars this week at BizLaunch.ca.   
  Photo "Tax Parties" are everywhere this month!
   I agree - her work is exquisite! 
 Hint of Green : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via    LOVE THIS!!
 It's always a treat to photograph a wedding at this Boston Landmark! 
 Just made a video on Animoto called "Boston Harbor Hotel Wedding": 
 Posted pix from "The Company Men" screening - friend's Framingham house featured in the movie!! 
  Thanks for the support!  Now I want an iPad - somebody stop me before I go broke!!
 Bundle up in Boston - minus 10 degress tonight!!!
  Newly listed thanks to Erin Verbeck and  Marketing.com   WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHY!
 Info-packed "directory" lecture on  seminar today from Erin Verbeck-Thanks! 
 New listing on  for Happy Gatherings 1-stop directory shopping . . . thanks Erin Verbeck!  
 Wedding Color Inspiration: Honeysuckle  via  My Prom gown was honeysuckle!  
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Heidi and Dan.mp4 
 Warm and Vibrant Tones : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via  
 Just booked EShoot in Boston's North End next month with Nicole and Ryan-snow or no snow, it's ON!!  
 Did it!  Bought MacBook Pro today with bells, whistles, printer . . . smiling here ( : ( :   
  I'm off to Wellesley, MA store to check these out!!  
   Just ordered SarahQ Marketing Wedding Flipbook - another problem solved for 2011!  
 Featured Weddings - Prepare To Weds - wedding planning resource 
 Boston Harbor Hotel Wedding  
  very slippery Boston roads.  Sipping cocoa and cleaning out file cabinets - taxes next! 
 Slippin' and slidin' AGAIN here in Boston - Exeter Inn NH wedding up next - pray for clear weather!  
 RT   Worst football performance by a Brady since Marcia.    
 Hard to watch . . Pats lose in crappy game . .Boston area vendors lose millions . . can't finish my pizza  
 Dezeen » Blog Archive » Ruché beds and tables by Inga Sempé for Ligne Roset  via  Love everything RUCHE!
 Just posted 16 pages from Jared's Bar Mitzvah album - wild colors!!  
 RT  RT  Guess the lighting - David Drebin's highly cinematic lighting in his "Room with a View" series [PIC]  ...
 David Drebin’s highly cinematic lighting in his “Room with a View” series  via  
  Just registered for this timely lecture by M.V. Swanson on photo awareness and marketing tips  
 Check this video out -- Frosty The Snowman Original  via  LOVE THIS! 
 Just designed this Dessy Style Board using several Happy Gatherings images as well as images from other talented... 
 Just designed this Dessy Style Board using some Happy Gatherings images and some from other talented Dessy... 
 Artichoke and Sage Vintage Wedding : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via  
 20 Life Lessons Worth (Re)Learning  via  Great New Years Resolutions!  
 The new Boston Bridal Lounge looks fabulous!  Hope they extend the opening festivities because of the blizzard! 
 Dusty Rose and Goldenrod : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via  by 
 RT  When shoveling use legs, not back. That's what I told elderly neighbor. He's clearing my steps so i won't rat him out 4 ...
 The Weekend Guide  via  Boston Bridal Lounge opening may be affected by SNOW 
  School closings already posted for tomorrow - 24 inches west of Boston expected - let's have a snowman contest!!
 Today's my birthday . . . . 1/11/11!!  I want to pass that GOOD KARMA along to all my Twitter friends!  
    Justine's beautiful work in Queensberry Musee - love the album! 
  Loved the photo booth! 
  That Shoot Style Photo Booth at  was addictive!! so much fun for all! 
 Not a dry eye for Matt Mendelsohn's emotional photo tributes at  
 Just returned from Mystic Seminars in CT.  New energy and ideas for 2011 weddings! 
 Fresh Start: 20 Ways to Get Organized this Month!   via  Great ideas!!
 Thanks for this great blog post, Wendy!  Your floral work is stunning and I hope our "wedding paths" cross again... 
 RT  What goes around, comes around. Karma is a bitch on wheels.
 Congrats to all newly engaged couples!  See New Snazzy albums, new pricing, new website, new outlook!!  
 Dusty Rose and Goldenrod : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via  
 I posted 10 photos on Facebook in the album "Filter Effects" 
   ME TOO!  Been sick with a nasty cold for a week - all better by Thursday 
  just upgraded to include HD Animoto video on my blog - something more to learn in 2011!  
 The Fairmont Copley Plaza 
 Just made a video on Animoto called "2010 Wedding Favorites":  to "Auld Lang Syne" great piano!!
 RT  My new year's resolution? More cowbell!! Definitely.
   Talk about being concise - "More cowbell" says it all!
   and "Cheers" to Walter for putting this all together in a few short years! http:www.happygatherings.com Chat soon!
  Sassy reply . . . . like KISS BOOKS!!
 DIY - CREPE   LACE FAVOR CRACKERS:  LOVE! 
  Happy Birthday!  DARK chocolate makes it o.k.!
 Heading out to Mystic Seminars on Thursday - what an incredible lineup of speakers!! 
 Heading out from Boston to Mystic Seminars on Thursday . . . what's the weather?
   Am attending for 1st time - can't wait! 
 Constant Comment Tea today for a head cold.
 A "Favorite" from 2010 - Vintage Tent Wedding  
  I'm at my computer eating left-over fudge from Christnas Eve.
 Jeff at Willow Special Events is featuring Meara and Li Yan's gorgeous Wellesley College wedding on his new... 
 Jeff at Willow Special Events has just featured Meara and Li Yan's Wellesley College wedding on his new website.... 
 RT  The Power of Brevity And Deletion  Less is more - concise writing style is refreshing!
     great wedding resource - just joined and loving it already!  
   Can't wait - just re-discovered KISS Books - tired of my old album company!  
   very exciting line of work!  Must be a million details to keep track of!
   Like "View Master" something magical about 3D!!
   Just discovered this fabulous resource, myself!
  Listening to Monica Sigmon discuss Pet Photography right now on JoyStart - I bought the transcript and it is SO worth it!
   Interesting read!  I'm snowed in here in Boston so I can study this all day!!
 RT  Mykea: Photos   Ikea = Custom Furniture Art   This is wild!!
 Warm and Vibrant Tones : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via  
  Onnea Tulevalle Vuodelle - I copied that from a card my cousin Ulla Luukkonen sent me from Helsinki!!  That's all I know.
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 Just listened to Laura Novak speak on "Charitable Marketing" for established photography studios - great ideas to... 
 Dilly Dallas  Fun blog - love the look via Laura Novak's suggestion  
  I'm in Wayland getting smacked hard - but we Finns are used to this weather!! (maiden name Luukkonen).  Stay safe.
 RT  Blizzard warning! Here in Park Slope, Brooklyn, panicked locals are stocking up on soy milk & yoga mats. It's bedlam!
   The ABS went on my 2005 BMW last week and I'm bringing it to Sudbury Mon . . . . or maybe not!  You need brakes, right?
 Watched the Pats beat the Bills while designing yet another wedding album!!  That's when I do my best work!  
   Took advantage of the Annual Sale Discount - pocket calendar, blog board, sweet 16 fleur!  
  Need contemporary, slip-in photo albums, maybe 10"x10", neat colors, moderate price  
  Love the new wall portrait grouping ideas! Have a 3'x5' studio wall to fill!  
 Blizzard = Good!  Time to design 2 wedding albums, unless of course, we lose power!  
  Big storm comin' - we have stockpile of chocolate cheesecake and caramel popcorn from Christmas Eve.  We're all set!!
 Amazing Orange Flower Sugar Art Cupcakes  Gorgeous artwork on this!!  
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 Hubby gave me Photoshop CS5 Manual for Christmas.  Not very romantic, but much appreciated!  
 Teal and Tangerine : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via   
 Our smoke detector is "churping" - off to the drugstore for a 9 volt battery!!  
 Just tasted Artisan Apple Smoked Pepper Jack Cheese for tonight - HOLY COW, that's hot!!!  
 Where did the members of aerosmith go to high school? | ChaCha Answers  via  Joe Perry and I went to Wayland High
 RT  Fiction Or Nonfiction: Who Cares?  - the hybrid is like a compelling photograph - changes the viewer.
 On Christmas Eve Eve - Christmas photo orders finished, now readying for 30 guests on Friday night  
 On Christmas Eve  91-year-old great grandmother, 7- month-old great grandson . . GET OUT THE CAMERA!!  
 Magazine-style engagement photos latest trend for brides-to-be  via  session as time-consuming as the wedding?!
  I need a translator!  
 A graphic design firm in the UK (3 Men & a Suit) have just selected my all-time favorite wedding image for use in... 
 A graphic design firm (3 Men and a Suit) in the UK just selected my all-time favorite wedding image for use in a... 
 RT  Marketing Heresy: Own Your Crazy  goo article on marketing designed to attract your quirky niche.
  I'm registered - can't wait to start listening on the 29th! 
 Check this video out -- Buster Keaton Montage  via  Hilarious slapstick - so you think you got troubles?!
 Check this video out -- Danny Woodhead Chadron State  via  My mom graduated Chadron State age 73!  GO PATRIOTS!
 Just made a video on Animoto called "Tricia and Jay - The Wayside Inn":   Swingin' Jingle Bells!
 I posted 23 photos on Facebook in the album "Heidi and Dan's Album" 
 Just blogged Beautiful Christmas wedding  
 Just posted Animoto video - "Tricia and Jay - The Wayside Inn":  
  thanks for the Shakodo link - looking for answers to those stick photo pricing question! 
  just joined Shakodo!  Seems like EVERY DAY I have a sticky photo pricing question come up - hope to get quick and useful guidelines
 Happy Gatherings will be offering Gallery Blocks by Artsy Couture in 2011.  They come in dozens of configurations... 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 Just posted a Vintage Amaryllus Still Life called "Noel" on   Have a look!
 Just made a video on Animoto called "Cheers to All!!!":  Looking Back on 2010 - Thanks to All!
 Great big "Shout Out" to Geek Housecalls for installing CS5 and Lightroom for me today - on time and on budget! 
   My petite round frames arrived today - LOVE THEM!  Going up on studio walls - pix to come at www.happygatherings.com
  Great to hear!  Just signed up for "Boston Wedding Walk Through"
    Just signed up for Boston "Wedding Walk Through" next August - thanks for extended sale price!
 Check out this wedding profile on   via  Thanks Jenna and Seth from  !!
 Just reserved my place for the "Wedding Walk Through  - Spread the Love Workshop" in Boston next August given by... 
 Also met Terri Altergott and Janice Ockerby of "Something Borrowed, Something New Events".  They plan spectacular... 
 New friendship with Terri Altergott and Janice Ockerby of Something Borrowed, Something New Events"... 
 Spent a great afternoon learning about destination weddings in Tuscany with representatives from www.banfi.com and... 
 Via  The Simultania Project: One Worldwide Minute Of Life |  Thanks, Sylvia! 
 And the 2010 "Extreme Cuteness Award" goes to Zachary!!!  He was the adorable ringbearer at an August Spring... 
 Style Your Dream Wedding by Susie Coelho  via  The best wedding resource book EVER! 
 Headed for Burberry  shop in Wrentham, MA for holidays gifts - who doesn't like Burberry!?
 I posted 13 photos on Facebook in the album "Thanksgiving Family Portrait" 
 First Gallery Block order from  is a CT Mansion Bridal Shoot - a 20x30 and 4/11x14's - Big WOW! www.happygatherings.com
 Grandparents displayed framed wall collage from this session on Thanksgiving Day . . . rave reviews! www.happygatherings.wordpress.com
 Just posted recent pre-Thanksgiving family portrait session  - book for holiday www.happygatherings.com
 RT  One Day is there of the Series
 Natick Mall closed for a while today, I heard - no parking spaces left!!
 6 new wedding album orders just came in . . . I'm gonna be busyyyyy!!!
    any idea when the round petites will ship?  Ordered a bunch - can't wait! 
 RT  Black Friday Sale  annual membership just $79 today only! Sign up or upgrade (in "My Account" sect. ...
  Just upgraded to Editorial Star Level with TBL - no more procrastinating!! 
  Can't wait to receive my petite round artboard frames - great Christmas gifts! 
  O.K. -  for those "engaged" 8% - go to www.happygatherings.com Wedding Photography for an instant 8% discount!!  Seriously!
  Looking at your Gallery Blocks right now!  Great prices!
 Just posted favorite pages from Jared's Bar Mitzvah album on www.happygatherings.wordpress.com
 Just posted Ocean View wedding pix of Stephanie and Michael - gorgeous at www.happygatherings.wordpress.com
 I posted 15 photos on Facebook in the album "Jared's Bar Mitzvah" 
 Contact Happy Gatherings (SOON!) for holiday portraits and family gatherings of all kinds.  Thanksgiving is a... 
 I posted 25 photos on Facebook in the album "Stephanie and Michael" 
 Art of the Americas Wing at Museum of Fine Arts, Boston -  20 minutes from my studio in Wayland, MA. Such excitement!
 Where's best place to buy CS5/Lightroom combo?  Are they Fair Trade items, or can you find discounts?  2011 my time to upgrade EVERYTHING!
   Cleaning out my clothes for Big Sister donations and said the same thing about almost everything in my closet!!
 Booking holiday family portraits and gatherings at www.happygatherings.com - Thanksgiving Reunions, too!!
  Want to visit so bad, but the crowds - Oh, my!  Maybe January?
 Just posted pix from Stephanie and Michael's Ocean View Wedding on www.happygatherings.wordpress.com
 Happy 35th Anniversary to the Photographic Resource Center in Boston - compelling contemporary fine art... 
 Check this video out -- Photographic Resource Center: 35 Years  via  Compelling fine art photography on display.
 Just opened an account with www.wildsorbet.com and I WANT EVERYTHING!!! www.happygatherings.com
 Photographing a Christmas wedding next month at Longfellow's Wayside Inn - olde New England charm, for sure! www.happygatherings.com
 www.happygatherings.com to book your holiday family portrait for Thanksgiving or Christmas.  Time is flying - appointments are filling up!!!
 Started to decorate my photo studio for holidays - Granny Smith Green/Tiffany Blue palette 
 Kate and Will - CALL ME!!  I'll make time to photograph your royal wedding and no charge to travel from Boston!! 
 I posted 12 photos on Facebook in the album "AISC Convention Boston" 
 Jeanne Weldon of www.weldonevents.com orchestrated a week-long convention for AISC (American Institute of Steel... 
 RT  Incredible to see  freed in Burma after 15 years. I stayed with her in Rangoon many moons ago She is the ...
  Uplighting is HUGE now in the Boston Event scene!  Weddings, Bar Mitzvahs and Corporate all use it now - big impact!!
 {TGIF} Thank Goodness It's FABULOUS! :  I'm cooking this Thanksgiving!  Beautiful table decor ideas for the holiday!
 RT  The perfect edible favor for a beach wedding...the chocolate covered Pina Colada BonBon. Exotic and yummy!
  Interesting - not quite sure what I'm looking at, though.
 RT  RT  [Blog Around the World] Check out the awesomeness of  
 Elegant Decay ~ Lucky No. 13!:  Good advice all 'round and beautifully written!
 Did you know that at any given time, the average person is within 6 feet of a spider?  Have a nice night!
 RT  Hello, Darkness: Discovering Our Values by Confronting Our Fears   I've forgotten how to really read!
 RT  Prioritize
 Just made a video on Animoto called "Olivia Leon":  SENIOR DEADLINES SOON www.happygatherings.com
  What a fun place to visit!  Last cookbook I bought was Silver Palate in the 80's - My cookbooks belong in a time capsule!
 Still feel like I have an extra hour today - how long does the Standard Time Effect last?  I'm lovin' it!
 Nikon bodies, flashes and lenses for sale  www.happygatherings.com.  Cleaning out - good stuff, just simplifying for 2011.
 Saxonville Artists Studio - funky space, inspiring photo location - maybe rent there in 2011?  Anyone else use mill buildings for photos?
 Booking Holiday Family Portraits - Thanksgiving Reunions, Christmas Gatherings, Corporate Parties  www.happygatherings.com
 Designed "biggie" 3-volume parent album!  www.happygatherings.wordpress.com - Ceremony, Family, Celebration!
 Just made a video on Animoto called "Sabrina's Senior Portraits": 
  Can't wait to see the new and improved Beantown Bride on Monday!!!
   "somebody" changed "visual" to "html" on my wordpress blog.  O.K. now! Check it out!
  Talbots is looking way better!  Spent some money there last week. . . . . nice pants!!!
 I'm coming out of a fog!  In October - 5 weddings, 4 corporate events, 6 portrait sessions, 4 collage albums done.  Extra hour looks good!
 My blog has been down for 2 days - can't add a post  Is it just me?  What's happening?
 Vibrant Purple and Orange : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via  
 Vibrant Purple and Orange : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via  Finally tried this myself!
  Love this - it's the basic concept behind GRATITUDE.  Thanks, Bernard!
 RT  "Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened." - Dr. Seuss
 1997 wedding  called for their negatives this week - I FOUND THEM!!  Jeez, people!
   made a video today for BBB - membership increases confidence in my wedding photography and products
   Eskridge webinar was very good last night - on capturing the Mature Portrait Market 
 Designing a 3-volume parent albumw/slipcase   - Charles Hotel wedding - so elegant!
  Thanks for the Follow! 
   Just voted for you - GOOD LUCK! 
   Just voted for you - GOOD LUCK! 
   Just voted for you - GOOD LUCK! 
 Romantic gray and pink : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via   - GORGEOUS!
  Another great fashion exhibit!  MA has become a mecca for haute couture this season 
  Yummy profile image - thanks for the follow!
  HI and thanks for the follow!
 King Richard's Faire images  some real characters - check 2009 post, too!
 Happy Gatherings Wedding Images Wayland - Massachusetts and Boston Wedding Photographers  Glad to be listed on your site!
 October when weddings, senior portraits, reunions and corporate gigs all come together!  Busy Busy 
 King Richard's Faire 2010 was a blast!  Photos to follow 
 Julie and Eric marry on 10/10/10  - holiday weekend, N.E. foliage, perfect weather, FUNKY DATE!
 10/10/10 wedding at Charles River C.C. - beautiful setting and fab weather - can't wait!
  Taking Kay Eskridge's "Winning the Future Mature Market" webinar tomorrow night - Boomers and Beyond want great portraits!
 PRC eNewsletter, NEO is Back, and more...  via  Hope to catch a lot at the PRC this season!
 This is beautiful and eerie! 
  Donated this morning - I depend on WBUR for 99% of my news each day - and the Robert Plant CD looks great!  Thank you WBUR!
 Just made a video on Animoto called "Liam's Senior Session":  GO NATICK FOOTBALL!!
  Made my day . . . . . thanks!
  Thanks, Jesh -  It's the "incredible aliveness" quote that has me thinking and wondering.
 Check out this product on Williams-Sonoma.com.  
  Could you expand on that?
 Pink & Gray Romance : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via   GORGEOUS!
 RED VALENTINE : PANTONE WEDDING Styleboard : The Dessy Group  via   cool styleboard
 Check this video out -- Wedding Photography  via  I blame Ashton Kutcher for all of this!
  I would remind her to BE THE BRIDE on her wedding day - not the florist-caterer-manager-DJ-party planner-janitor!
 Just made a video on Animoto called "Heidi and Dan":  to Chopin Nocturne.
 Dark and rainy in MetroWest Boston - sunny weekend, please!  Senior portraits scheduled Sat. and Sun.
  When are you teaching in the Boston area next?  I've heard such great things about you - love to catch a class sometime.
  Wonderful pairing of photos and poetry!  Delightful work!
 Going to King Richard's Faire in Carver, MA this weekend - wanna see some real characters?  Great for "people watching".
  Love the black/white/blue inspiration board!
 RT  So the announcement...drumroll... Wardrobe Wednesday {where fashion meets photography} - our new Facebook page!... htt ...
  This is the BEST new resource for portrait photo styling - I agree!
 Finished Couture Album Arrived!!  Bright red cover and slipcase - WOWZA!! 
  Yes, "The Particular Sadness of Lemon Cake" by Aimee Bender is fantastic!
 "Service to others is the rent we pay for our time on earth." - Tony Curtis
  Hi Keri!  Photographed you at Ghionis/Cantrell workshop a while back - you're still gorgeous!  Enjoy your babies!
 Fall House Cleaning  - site re-vamp coming soon - all new images!
  Are you ever in Boston?  Son says Scavenger Hunt in Lower Manhattan today was amazing!
 Still on the "Fashion Theme", check out Wardrobe Wednesday {where fashion meets photography} for help in... 
