  how about when ol girl told him "You're...you know...a parenthesis in my life." ...cold shit to say to somebody.
 Came to stare at this debt ceiling everyone's talking about. ( Washington Dulles International Airport (IAD)) 
 RT  Hope and Fear are different sides of the same coin. That's really hard to deal with when situations feel like a coin flip.
 Always fun traveling with  Tearing up the streets of West Virginia, one suspect bar at a time. 
 Carly is my fave. ( Bar 101) 
  yeah they do. Hope you're well. 
  what's wrong puddin'?
 RT  RT  “ quote of the day, lifetime mantra: "dope people need to stop doing shit for free."”
 Yes!!! RT   LA City Council has unanimously voted to pull the plug on the city's red-light traffic camera program
 Funny how simplicity can be so difficult.
  Both albums get better over time. Finding new reasons to like them both. Can't decide which is better.
  Kendrick Lamar: Overly Dedicated... the whole thing. Section.80 next.
 Oh shit!  got nominated for an Emmy?? Congratulations! Celebration is in order!
 "If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original." - Sir Ken Robinson
  Happy Birthday. Hope all your ups and downs are in the bedroom!
 Charleston, WV aka Virginia's testicles. Smallest airport. Only one baggage claim. ( Yeager Airport (CRW)) [pic]: 
   Y'all fam. So no thanks needed. Appreciate y'all coming through. But what happened to the shy hoe'n? Cc:
 Ouch. RT  Amazon stops selling Nintendo 3DS 
  How's this? From Los Angeles:  
 RT  SALE SALE SALE: The Hundreds is 40% off () and Stussy is 30% off with code SUMMER2011 ( ...
  Dope Album. RT   "Just Another Case" - Cru with Slick Rick
 Curious to know what success means for them w/new campaign. RT  Domino's Takes Transparency To New Level 
 RT  Domino's Flips Switch On Times Square Instant Reviews, Takes Transparency To New Level 
 Home for 12hrs. Back on another plane. West Virginia, here I come... ( Los Angeles International Airport (LAX)) 
 Maaaaaaan.... RT  [NEWS]: First Look: Air Jordan 11 "Concord" 
  THIS will be my expression the entire film:   
 These PETA commercials will mess up your whole morning!
 Just strive to get a tie. RT  Love is a Losing Game..
 RT  FYI: just because you tweet a shitload, doesnt mean youre a social media guru. how do you have a marketing agency and no c ...
 Comic Con: 1  Brandon: 0 
  too sad.
  wish it was homey. Found her dead in London this AM.
 RT  Amy Winehouse dead at 27. Joining Jim Morrison, Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, and Kurt Cobain who all died at that age.
 What!? AMy Wiinehouse died?
 Good looking out! RT  Watch Kanye West & Jay-Z: Watch The Throne Documentary on Vimeo! 
  Where did u find documentary?
 Watching  get busy at the Camp Playboy party. Dope shit.
  Game stay making career limiting mistakes.
 My fam is here! RT     cocunut shrimp  
  
 Revenge of the Nerds. ( San Diego Comic Con 2011 w/ 29 others) [pic]: 
  you a fool for that! He's right in front of Lil' B.
 RT  Attn Guys in LA: It is NOT ok to have those braided feathers in your hair. No exceptions. Sincerely, All Males in the U ...
  RT  I can't believe I turn 19 in less than 2 months. Omfg. I am so old.
 RT    party jumping off right now with      SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS! 
 "They refer to her as "the shy hoe." -    
   thanks for stopping by! You ladies were awesome!   
      bring ppl!
      
     open bar both days...AND FOOD! 
     word. Y'all can come thru whenever tho. Y'all fam. 
      when y'all coming by the W hotel?
  holla at me! Ok in SD till Sunday!!!!
  yeah. Hitting sidebar tonight. Where u at?
 This x100 RT  When I'm out, all I want is to be home. When I'm home, all I want to do is be out.
 THAT'S the most un-news story ever. RT  C'mon Andrew, you are better than that ... 
 Ok ... "Otis" is right where it needs to be.
 YOU WIN! *logs of twitter....forever* RT  Kid 'N Play from the House Party movies FTW   
 And don't forget WACK. RT  RT  I'm sorry but I think Kreayshawn is overrated. 
    Ja Rule, Shaq in Kazzam, Beanie Siegel in State Property....
 "Imaginary players have imaginary haters." - 
 RT  I am my own & biggest competition.Everything I do.I do my best & try to beat myself to  achieve to new heights everyday.
 Will Smith? Ice Cube? Pootie Tang? RT  Haters can say what they want. I bet u can't name another rapper-turned-actor better than me!
    Fuck them fake ass wings!What u got 2 put in some beans & sprouts 2make it taste like chicken?
  Fuck that fake ass diet chicken. 
  "Yo Pop... Can you clean me up in the back?" 
 Last night home before 2 weeks on the road. Who wants to pack for me?
 No. RT         
  where u got rooms at??
 Shout out to Buddy Lembeck! RT  Charles was never in charge 
  that line is his greatest contribution to music. That, and his quote "We don't fuck with you musically."
  Up in the Air is the white ppl's Boomerang... w/o the soundtrack...and the black ppl.
  haha! Nah- just had convo about this topic. The idea of romance that media gives us is bullshit.Real world romance is complicated.
 Ol' girl called George Clooney  just a "parenthesis" in her life. That's some cold blooded, edumacated shit to say.
  They only film in texas and washington state, so i'm good! 
  I concur. 1000% percent. I respect both.I happen to like De La more. De LA STILL putting out dope shit.can't knock tribe tho.
 ...serious emotional issues. Romantic Comedies give this bullshit perception of fairytale love. No one had herpes in Pretty Woman.
 to it than that. It's a REAL Romantic Comedy. That's what happens in life. You might fall in love with a married chick or your man might...
 I've had numerous friends find parallels in my life in relation to the movie (sans the emotional detachment to family), but I find more...
 "Up in the Air" is such a good movie IMO.
  Need invite?
   Chargers is the NAS of the NFL.
 I get that comparison ALL the time. One of my fav movies. RT  finally watching up in the air....now i understand why people...
 Saw a girl on FB post "modeling" pics.She ain't got NO bizz modeling 4 anybody but the Braille Institute.She shaped like a Febreeze bottle
 I swear moms stole my Now & Later(s) out my car yesterday. Heathen.
 Them breadsticks tho!!! >>>>> RT  Ryan Reynolds seems like the type of dude to take you to Olive Garden on a first date.
 Currently on repeat. And probably the rest of the night. Kendrick Lamar: Growing Apart  
 *raises hand* RT  I wanna see the tribe called quest movie.you?
 Thank God for my mentors for saving me from myself. They always remind me just how much I really don't know. And that's a good thing.
  Ever see a baby always look stressed out? Like he got bills and shit? You be like "what's that  lil nigga's problem?"
  Hell yeah! I seen a little white baby yesterday that looked like Nelson Mandela and was like COT DAYUM that kid ugly!
 RT  Take 10 minutes and write a description of your life without stopping to think about it. Hide it. Read it a week fr ...
 I'm mad im missing this! RT  The Foreign Exchange's Authenticity Tour 2011 at Detroit Bar, Costa Mesa CA | July 28
  DM me your email addy, make sure I got the right shit.
   Same thing, I'm sure. It's at the W at Access.
    *facepalm* I'll have the agency re-send. Y'all should have been on the list.
  RT  Today's motto: 
  You're an awesome musician too! 
 You're out of touch .. I'm out of time.
  *blows kiss in the most masculine way possible* Thank you love! I know who to go to when I needs to gets my web ish in order!
  I'm there Wed - Sun. At the W. You get the evite for the lounge?
 I'm sure his role in Fast and the Furious had something to do with this. RT  Rapper Ja Rule sentenced to 2+ yrs for failing...
  Thanks! I'm leaning to word press. About to start digging now!
  Finally decided to start a blog. I fig mine would be more text heavy, so wordpress would be more sufficient, correct?
 Tumblr or Wordpress?
 I didnt tweet this! WTH? RT  God i dont wanna wake up for my stupid job tomorrow... this lady inspires me!! ...
 God i dont wanna wake up for my stupid job tomorrow... this lady inspires me!! 
 RT  Life's greatest tragedy is witnessing someone become the same type of person they say they despise so much. 
  That's reflective of soccer around the globe. More often than not, it's the only thing rich and the poor have in common.
 RT  Even better what if "Act like a lady, think like a man" was actually a biography on Steve Harvey's failed marriages?
 Funkin' Lessons. 
 Ok, Spotify is dope. I'm sold on it. Itunes should be afraid. Very afraid.
  Fun Fact. Almost 70% of Coogi is sold in the DMV area!
 (._.) RT  Japan won, I'm not eating chinese food for a week!
 Proud of our team though. Nice work ladies.
 S/O Diamond Bar, CA!!!!
 *cues Slum Village's "Go Ladies"*
  RT  Nasty Nas best rapper alive
 Cosby Show is the distant second. RT  By miles nothing compares RT  Martin lawerence Best comedy sitcom ever
 Ohhh....... *grabs credit card* RT  True Blue III re-stocked  
  I've never had a bad donut. ever.
 Why did our driver change clothes, valet the car and come in the club and party with us? AND he was drinking!
 Yes. Shortly before Rob broke the bottle! RT    Did we break drumsticks?? 
 RT  Tweeting "Unfollow" is like crashing a party you weren't invited to, then announcing you're leaving when no one even...
 RT     we in here willin out... Shout out to  for making it work...
 Couldn't Ask for a better ending for tonight.
 How about me   ans  made our driver change into   gear and come party with us.
 Yeah dat.... ---> RT  We're big ik JaPaN... 
 RT  RT   : "I'm a action figure trapped in a human's body " 
 RT  a thug changes... and love changes... and best friends become strangers 
 4real. RT   getting mobbed   game we are da worst security ever. 
 Watching an impromptu photoshoot break put with 
 Live from the WFC! Shit's dope! 
 RT  In a suburban w/   on way to the LaColiseum for the  soccer match 
  Hook it up! I'm off probation in 6 weeks, so I can show em a good time! Take em somewhere nice, like applebees! 
 Just got one of those emails that changes your day for the better.
  Oh yeah - it just looks like a camry.
  Empty! Just did Hollywood to Anaheim in 20mins.
  give them my  please and thank you!
  done!
  awwwready! U hitting the Con?
  werd! Holla at me!
  nah, next week. 21st -24 in SD. Comic Book Convention. Used to be all nerds. Now every movie studio, vid game comp, etc are there.
   Yo, come to Comic Con in Diego man. It's like Nerdvana!
  you doing camp playboy? I'll be there. Let's connect!
  haha! Me. U need invite?
  What about Bizzy Bone's greatest/worst interview  ever tho? 
 How long before Marc Anthony starts calling JLo on some Marvin's Room shit? 
 Me and  was really looking at getting a helicopter to take us to the WFC match tomorrow.
 My time to shine ... RT  Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony Announce End of Marriage 
  Crazy fugazi! Dude had bentley leather too.
 Shout out to the person who tried to turn this Ford Focus into a Bentley.  
  You hitting Comic Con? Come thru to our gaming lounge at the W. I'll have some shit for you!
 Happy Harry Potter Day  (._. ) 
 Spotify is kinda dope. Hmmmm....
 Who Will Survive In America?
  lmao! that's real nigga shit. Ever send yourself the test text to see? 
 RT  RT  Mark Parker, CEO  on the advice he got from Steve Jobs    
 This is one of the few dope parties in LA that I'll remember.
  oh shit! U in la? I was going to that event.
 Heading to this Pharrell launch event.  You there 
 How is it? RT   should be at  .... You know you done fucked up right? (Bill Duke voice)
 RT  You know in the movies when the hot guy falls in love with his homely girl friend? That doesn't happen in real life.
 RT  Sorry. Didn't see your Google+, Instagram, LiveProfile, Tumblr, Tweet, Facebook, Skype, FaceTime, iChat & AIM msg. Call me
 This. RT  Whoever conditioned society into thinking that bacon is just for breakfast is an asshat.
  As my grandma would say... sometimes it takes a real man...to run like a bitch!
 Gooooo  !!  RT  so Duke Nukem Forever was the  game for June
  thank u for the spirited conversation! 
  good point. But I don't want no problems with the grasshoppers.
  HA! You do realize this is the longest conversation about bologna EVER in the history of Twitter? 
  Yeah, at the end.They tried to slide it in.But they let that little rugrat tapdance all over that "g" in the song!
  Eff this commercial too for spreading propaganda! 
  Yeah, I know of the city. And of course it's "communist" - forcing it's citzenry to do whatever the hell it says! 
  I'm cool w/"nga."Ppl say "baloney" not bo-log-na or bo-log-nyah as it alludes. It's b/c of that G.That 'g' aint shit Claudia.
  I'm cool w/lasagna.S/o to Stouffers.That 'g' is ok. But Bologna? That 'g' can get the entire f**k out of my face. 
  There's only 2 things i really hate. Grasshoppers and the "g" in the word bologna. Both are dead to me. 
    I hope his good friends Mary Jane and Jack Daniels aren't producing this time around!
 I'm deathly afraid of grasshoppers. Have been since childhood. They can smell your fear. One flew in my mouth and I bit it. Worst day ever.
 Award for best HR team goes to... RT  New employee came 2work w/a rhinestone Lil Wayne shirt on.Sent him home 
  Ain't he in college by now? His ass is waaaay too old to still be called Harry. His ass should be Harold Potter.
 Agreed. RT  I love how gloomy LA is today.. Its giving it character.
  LA famo.vu going to crooks event tonight?
 Food for thought from Chef Bro-Ardee. RT  & that's a Beautiful thang ! RT   Spooning leads to Forking.
  Spooning leads to Forking.
 That's the homie tho! RT  S/O  posted in the office w/   Yah my G! 
  same w/Chicken Tenders. 
    the whole click was dope and E-Swift wad a very underrated producer.
 !!!!!!!!! RT  I understand u only get 140 characters but UR = you're.No excuse for putting your.Not the same thing. You are.
 RT  hilarious RT  DEVELOPING: New Obama demand:Debt deal must include Netflix lowering subscription rates again
  How long you in LA? You going to the crooks n castles event tonight?
  HEY!!!! Where are you? I kinda miss my ex. Just a little tho.
 What She Said. -> RT  And Everyone. RT  Question Everything.
 Question Everything.
 *raises hand and yells ME TOO!* RT  I may be the only person to never have seen a Harry Potter film?
 Men are the new bitches.  
 I'm def going to the LA show! -> RT  Chicago October 15 Mexico, Corona Festival October 18 Shrine LA, October 21 Greek,...
  That was the jam!!!!!!!!!
 RT  Listen and vote plz   rt
  that's funny
  RT  Here we go. RT  Police: Marion Barry’s son had PCP, marijuana 
  porn movie? 
  
   
 RT  Wow!!RT  Fashion winner tonight at the ESPYs has to be  Looks like a bunch of athletes went in th ...
  that's a dope plug. Congrats.
 The Martha Stewart that's far from Jewish! RT  Far from a Harvard student just had the balls to do it.......
 -> RT  S/O Goodie Mobb.  and  for stopping by   
 I really do hate AAA batteries. 
 Spotify music service is launching tomorrow in the US. Sign up for an invite here:    
 RT  Country music is white people rap.
 RT  Blue Horseshoe loves Anacot Steel
 THIS. RT  You're never too small or big, smart, experienced, popular or unpopular...to ask for help or advice.
  For real though! He's made himself a bigger target than before.
 Anyone want ESPYS tix for tonight? Two tix. Sponsor table. DM if interested.
 USA! USA! USA!
 RT  oil companies, you made RECORD profits -- pay your taxes!!!  -- 
 Pray for the our brothers and sisters in Mumbai. It's a bad situation there right now.
 Pray for the our brother and sister in Mumbai. It's a bad situation there right now.
 *clears space on ipod* RT   coming soon.  finishing it today. :)
 RT  Good moring Everything in your life is reflection of choices u have made.If you want a different result,make different choices.
  Bookeem Woodbine!!!!
 A woman's iPod can tell me almost everything I want to know about her.
 RT  US sales over the last year: 1. Beer: $18.4 Billion, 2. Bottled Water: $7.7 Billion, 3. Energy Drinks: $6.9 Billion
   Before I date a chick, we gotta switch ipods for a day to see what she's about.
  Agreed. His dumb ass should have stayed out of trouble. Asked for it. You got away with murder....stay out of the camera!
 I got em on deck all day! RT  This calls for  RT   done.
  done.
 Please tell me that's sarcasm. RT  This new Mimms is the Shiiit
  What's your email. I'll send one.
  What's your email? I'll send you one.
 Combustable Huxtable.
 Yeah DAT ->>> RT  Shout out to Simon Sinek.
   is so real out there! I saw it last night. It's a phenomenon.
 I'm still tripping OJ Simpson went 2jail for stealing his own shit!Couldn't he have just signed some more stuff?Hell,it's his signature.
  Ohhhhh .... you wrong for that!
  Some dude listed 100 posts back to back.  I'm cool on getting spammed already.
 I've already blocked two people on Google+. No one cares. Just thought I'd share.
  My doctor's office. Random as hell! I fell out laughing!
 World's most un-Politically Correct hand sanitizer ever.     
 RT  i am RICH and I DO NOT want a tax break.  
 Good times last night at the Playboy Pre-Espy party w/      !!!
 RT  the blkeyed peas arent breaking up, just taking break. Cuz the grass is never gonna b greener elsewhere. Esp for peas  n 4
  Last min get up! landed off plane and straight there!
  keep a hot rag on it! 
  boulevard 3 in hwood. U in the city?
 Shout out to random dudes I don't know trying to have 30min conversations in the club. "Go thaaaaat a way!" *big pun voice*
 Wow!  is real!!!!!
 Me and  are REALLY confused about what's happening right now.
  come upstairs.
 Yo  ...where u at?
  doors was at 7p. Playboy Party at Boulevard 3. We're at Katana eating. About to head over now. I drove by and it's crazy.
  PS...you should have rolled. It's major here.
   I'm sooooo cool on that shit!
 I love ghetto liquor stores. You find the most convenient items.  
 Peanut Butter & Jealous.
 RT  And...I like em brown, yellow, Puerto Rican or Haitian!! Name is Phife Dawg from the Zulu Nation....
 RT  For all our Tumblr ppl out there please follow  at worldofdancetour.tumblr.com RT Brand new videos daily  ...
 Time will always tell the truth.
  shit! That was the cut. Tela "Sho Nuff."
 I'm definitely ready to go back home and back to me bed!
 RT  Further proof that it's not just about the players. The referee's play a HUGE part in the game at every level.
  My grandma passed last week. Funeral was today in St. Louis.
  Whadownjoe? I'm wit Teddy in the Lou! Where u at cuzzo?
  how soon we forget! You drank mine over watermelon cold soup! I'd send u one if I could 
  remember when u drank mine???
  RT  RT  guys cant even compliment anymore w/o being accused of 
 . swag!   
  *glues elmer's hands together and plays waka flaka* 
  thank you love. Much appreciated. Get me some graph paper too! I'll wrote you a love letter!
 Seeing my mom cry today was the hardest thing I've ever had to do. Tough day, but grandma would be proud.
 Thats dope. RT  
 *golf clap* RT  TLC remix What Abt Your Frieeeeeds! RT  What was 1st song Outkast was featured on? (Not Player's Ball...)
     Dude had his midriff showing&asking questions like "U sleep ok last night?" 
   
  u don't want2 know bout da time da gay barber had 2cut my hair.Tried 2put his finger n my mouf when he lined up the goatee.
 You know you got rights to the catalogue!     that was a B. Cox quote! I do 'em all day!
  RT  My brother  is gettin  riiight where it needs to be!!! Ladies is loving this guys set!
 My Godmother named her Grandson after me. Heavy is the crown. Little guy got big shoes to fill...
 My grandma stays right next to dope spot. She never knew. Tragic but funny.
  did you order via phone?
 You cop'd?? RT  Nice! 1 of the 500 AM90 Hyperfuse 4D are now mine!
  you awwwwready know I knocked off a 5pc w/cheese. 
 Yep! RT  your favorite athletes favorite clothing brand....  CHECK IT!!
 You think I didn't when I did? ( White Castle) 
 Ha! RT  InsideHoops.com estimates that 100 billion grind-hours have been lost by people typing Rise & Grind on Twitter
 RT  The Atlantis weighs 4,521,143 pounds at liftoff and 226,375 pounds at landing. (No rockets when it lands)  
 That's funny. RT  Just found out  is on Twitter. I immediately reported them for Spam.
 Steaks on a Plane    Lambert-St. Louis Int'l Airport (STL) ✈ 
 A gnat just scared the shit out of me. I tried to fight it. 
  Yeah buddy. I'm not going to be there however!
 Go see the homey  at Playhouse. RT  Lovin LA as usual!!!!       ... Where to next.... ;)
  Karma has everybody's address.
  he probably was wearing a Bluetooth earpiece too.
 RT  Don't ever trust a man who isn't into sports. He's an undercover cop who will plant drugs on you.
  I call Whole Foods "Whole Paycheck." shit's higher than a giraffe's ass. Fuck yo' soy water.
  Dayum! A Redhead Kingpin mixtape could have sold more than that.
 Looks JUST like the first one w/exception of heel. RT  Check out the Air Yeezy 2 
 Amazing story. RT  News of the World to close amid hacking scandal via BBC 
 RT  Sock liner in cleat Jeter will wear tonight includes contract he signed w/father day before high school  ...
 Ice Cube FTW. RT  Say look at this: I've been cleaning out my nest and I found an old book of my poetry.
 Who's on Google+? Add me if you are!
 RT  The misinformation on radio & tv is at an all time high. Pay for good producers and researchers people.
 Agreed. RT  This  album is dope.
 Just locked in Brazil for September. Who's rolling w/me?
   Yo! What do they gotta put in a veggie dog to make it taste like a hot dog? Eff that. Put chili and cheese on mine!
 Your business card sucks!
  No dice on the kicks. Streets is dry. Nike connect doesn't have a plug.
 After party at Chuck E. Cheese? RT  RT  21+?? damn. RT  I have tickets to this 21+ R-Kelly concert on Friday.
  Eff your vegan chilli dog!
  nev mind. Just reread tweet
 Didn't Vol. 2 do 3.5 mil? RT  Jay-Z has gone platinum with each CD but not all have sold over 2 mil and none have gone diamond
  you back on the meat train?
  I got hit w/$14.95 per device in New York last month.
 Not okk!! RT   what about "kk"?
 To my male friends, don't respond to a text message with just "k." It freaks me out. Same goes for smileys. 
 Dope. Congrats fam. RT  amazing. RT  Kobe's  appearance just hit the official Nike blog 
    Will do. I never pass up good music.
 Great party! RT       & more at Crown Royal Black Lounge 
  Nah, I got onto the kid last year. section80 was my first foray, sans some freestyles.
    is DOPE. As dope as the first, which is hard to do. DL here: 
   I got the random axe. I'll check the rest! You check the Mick Boogie/Jazzy Jeff mixtape?
  I'm awwwready knowin. That $8 is going a long way. Dope album. The kid is NICE.
 BlackBerry had a horrible month. RT  BlackBerry’s Blues Continue as Platform Falls to Third Place - 
 Agreed. RT  7070707 "  "House Of Balloons/Glass Table Girls" is one of the best songs we've heard all year.
  Really though. Why in 2 fucks would I care about what she had to say?
  Her opinion is not important, nor requested.
  Eggggs-actly! Her opinion is really not an important contribution to ANY debate. Her pops got the juice loose.
 Who cares? And why is this considered news? RT  Kim Kardashian's response to Casey Anthony verdict 
  Great question.
 God's MEAT! -> RT  Meanwhile, maybe you should start stockpiling bacon |  (via 
 RT  "Your check is in the mail."  people tell)
 Back to reality ....
 Free Wesley Snipes!!!!
 RT  OJ went to jail for stealing back his own shit!
 lmao. RT  RT  Nancy Grace is putting on a diaper right about now
 Wow. that chick is going to walk???? GTFOH.
 Same here. RT  I'm shocked
 I pray that I have children with a sane woman. My boy is going through the WORST right now with the mother of his child.
  Those are cold. Let me hit my dude at Nike and find out. he's on the bball side, but he might know what's up.
   Hmmmm .... Let me check. Where you planning to go to Nike SaMo?
 Good intentions...bad decisions.
  really doe! That ep is kinda fly. Different, but in a good way.
  nah...not a Prince Naseem Hamid reference! Remember duke came in on flying carpet? Then Kosta Zyu waxed that ass!
 This jawn is right where it needs to be. -- To Tell You The Truth - Cocaine 80s 
 RT  RT  Reminder: AAA is providing  today and will tow you & your car home for free:...
  My negroninity is all i have in this world!
 Checking out Common & NO I.D.\'s Cocaine80s EP. You should too.  cocaine80s.com
 I just finished a 1.75 mi run with a time of 22:51 with Nike+ GPS. 
 RT  What Google+ Learned from Buzz and Wave 
  ha! You get a pass my friend. I've been listening to Chris Brown, so I'm ready to punch something. 
 I see a lot of people on my timeline fishing for either attention or a compliment. Get over yourself. Nobody cares...including me!
  Have fun, but be careful. Dolphins hate black ppl. You're safe, but beware.
 Sorry man. I'm sure it does smell "just like" CK1, but I don't wear "Egyptian Love Musk." 
 S/o to the dude in the Target parking lot, selling shady colognes out of his duffle bag. Yo' shit doesn't even have a label on it!
  Are you still in hosp? or at home rehabbing?
 Happy Birthday to the incredibly talented  Hope your day is filled w/shots of Avion! 
  Is it your bday????
  Yeah ... Fab is dope too. But that Febreeze tho..... >>>>>>>>>>
 I love the smell of Febreeze.  
  You're stock just hit an all time high!
 This Kendrick Lamar album is right where it needs to be. Shouts to  for putting me on to the kid last year. 
    Nuttin! I was just talking shit!
 !!!!! RT  Shout out to women of color.
     Ahhhhhh haaaa!!!!! *coming to america voice*
 Lets ask  ...he was there! RT   did u or  take a pic of the scores? I forgot.
  RT   did u or  take a pic of the scores? I forgot.
 I'm questioning my decision making tonight.
  remember that time I beat you at bowling???
 Ugh!!  *Rick Ross grunt* RT  If ur tryna salsa with a female to Rick Ross.. Ur confused. all bad 
 I'm at the most bogus spot in the world.  
  I'm ok on the 1s.3s and up for me.I can appreciate your shoe game tho.Nothing sexier than woman who can do heels a"& some Js.
  I rock Js for both. That's the beauty of them. Dress
  yo! Misinformation! U said u don't want dudes rocking Js in the club but u want those more than louboutins? 
 
 Wow. RT  Anyone for some "After Dick Mints"? 
 Crip Tonight. RT  High heels and a short skirt...
  lmao. That's wrong..but right.
 Flashing Lights. RT  I repeat, what is your favorite  song?
 Ha!!! Best video though! RT  RT  Trust me Rockwell, noone was ever watching you.
 Classic material. -> RT  RT  Ol Dirty Bastard- Brooklyn Zoo: 
  ehhh it's all good. i find it to be hilarious.
  yep. 2things u can bet on w/me.1)Getting mistaken for security at the club. 2) Being  mistaken 4"Big Doo-low"from Gangland.
  I did have a woman ask me if I was ever on 'Gangland.' She got the major blank stare. 
  can I make an appointment? 
  Nah! B/c if someone comes up to me and says I remind them of somebody on BET College Hill or any other fuckery...it's over!
  ignorance is life's most ample commodity. 
  "You need a cab?"
 "Don't leave while you're hot...that's how Ma$e screwed up." - 'Ye
   
 Oh schnap! This is the creepy dude who works out in a shirt and tie! He stays thirsty in the gym. 
  It's dope so far! Bought it this morning.
 Buy-ology.
  you lucky you fine!  
 lmao! RT  Casey Anthony needs proactive. Then the death penalty.
  So you just gonna go have pancakes w/o me like that huh? You must have been listening to Drake! 
  Bitch looked like Grimmace!
 Shout out to the big girl who stole
 this gets my !! RT  RT   on ITUNES NOW 
 How is there traffic at 11:30p on the 101fwy right now???
 We'll make asst manager in NO TIME!  RT   hey we roll as a unit here.I butter em,you serve em.
