 Ending the ‘tyranny of the lecture’  via 
 Conservative group, student team up to stop union drive at UM  via 
 Would-be grad students face longer, revised GRE  via 
 Friday Five: Picks of the week 
  Success!
  I did not! Did you send it to kbrosious AT allofe.com?
 Recruitment Lessons from the 2011 E-Expectations Study  via 
 29 universities seek high-speed networks  via 
 Online course evaluations save universities cash  via 
 Debt debate: Obama addresses concerns of college students in unannounced conference call  via 
 RT  Katie's latest blog - "On Winning" - Leave her a comment & tell her if you agree w/ her philosophy. OR NOT. 
 And there you have it, ladies and gentlemen: The Mother of All Google+ Resource Lists 
 RT  Cornell University researchers say they've developed software that can detect fake online reviews 
 Well, obviously...Colleges Are All Over Social Media, New Report From UMass Says 
 Takeaways on the Web, Social Media and Student Recruitment  via CASE SM Blog
 Idiot’s Guide to Event Tracking  via 
  I didn't but I'll let you know if I do find it.
 RT  New Facebook page for Undergrad Admissions! Like it today!  
 This is really, really interesting to me. I' m really curious how much easier this will make it for dyslexics - 
 On Winning 
 RT  foursquare for Universities 2.0, coming this fall! | Foursquare Blog 
 Google+: The Complete Guide    via 
 Sweet map guys!  
 5 More Design Ideas to Make an Interactive Virtual Campus Tour Stand Out  via 
 Beyond Facebook: University connects alums online  via 
 My  slide deck: Blogging for a Change 
 RT  Welcome to the latest addition of our team, Alex. Have a great first day!
 College fires its entire staff  via 
 Tweeting a Day in the Life of a College  via CASE SM Blog
 Has anyone seen any universities do something cool like these?  Would love to see them!
 Enjoying the  stream today - looks like a goodie
 I think I lost track of how many I use. RT  Americanisms - fun list: 
  keynote livestream today 
 Managing a university PR disaster  via 
 For-profit college lobbying group sues Obama administration over regulations  via 
 Smart phones driving lecture capture growth  via 
 Rebranding a campus ministry 
 Your Education: Was it worth it?  via 
 Bill to curb California college execs’ pay raises  via 
 RT  Really wish the education sector would move away from that process - it only slows things down and makes everything so much  ...
 Social media eases transition for college students  via 
 Facebook Groups and Pages Compared: Communities for Accepted Students  via 
 InfoComm 2011 reveals the future of AV technology  via 
 And there has been a LOT of response from universities wanting a better way to manage their online catalogs
 With so many things going on sometimes it's good to focus: Our main higher ed focus right now is on catalog management
 Tweeting Statues? Everyone Loves Squirrels.  via CASE SM Blog
  Thanks for sharing two of my blog posts! Much appreciated 
 . Thanks for sharing the news about the Kent St SMASHUP! Really excited about this one!
 7 California students arrested to test immigration policy  via 
 High-speed internet service to be ‘leveling agent’ for West Virginia colleges  via 
 FIU Community Manager's Weekly Videos  via CASE SM Blog
  Sounds good. We had that problem here earlier this week. So miserable w/o AC. Hang in there!
  Hi Joel -  asked me to follow up with you re: catalog mgmt. Let me know if you got the email I sent 7/8
 RT  Are all of these new "the next big thing"s really worth it? Aside from Google +, does anything even have a chance of sticking?
 My Twitter persona, Visual.ly-ized 
 What am I not seeing? 
 Did you see the latest SMASHUP project we're working on? Really excited about this one! 
 Why Google+ Will Work for Higher Ed  via CASE SM Blog
 Vocationalism, academic freedom and tenure  via 
 The Latest: Our SMASHUP Partnership with Kent State University - 
 Hallelujah! First day this week we get to the office and the AC and lights are all working! :)
 The 12 best college financial aid policies  via 
 6 Reasons you Need to Post your Course Catalog Online 
 Does your website’s readability deserve an F? 
 RT  After some power outage problems this morning and yesterday, fingers crossed that we are back in business again!
 Five Fundamentals of a Social Media Strategy  via CASE SM Blog
 eCampus of the Month: Redesigning learning spaces for digital-age students  via 
 RT  Welp, few things are worse than your air conditioning going out in this heat. Happy Monday everyone, we'll be sweating away  ...
 Simple screen may help spot depression in college students  via 
 Liberal activists: For-profit colleges ‘ripping off’ students, taxpayers  via 
 Google+ – fundamental misunderstanding of networks? 
 All those California budget issues reflected in tuition increases...
 List of the 20 most-Googled colleges...I think most of this is just luck 
 CKSyme.org - 15 Lessons from the Expanded and Revised Groundswell  via 
 TargetX iThink Online - The reliability of the cloud  via 
 LIVE from NASA: Atlantis Shuttle Launch: 
 Concealed permit holders do not have to observe UVA’s no gun policy  via 
 Susan Talbert Evans Blog - Do you have my back?  via 
 EDU Checkup - Mary Baldwin College ? Episode   via 
 CASE Social Media - Taking the Geosocial Leap  via 
 Taking the Geosocial Leap  via CASE SM Blog
 Affordable colleges: What can universities do to keep costs down?  via 
 InsideTimsHead - a logo is not a replacement for content or actions.  via 
 Susan Talbert Evans Blog - Be a Girl (or Boy) Scout on your campus.  via 
 HigherEd Live - Social Justice + Student Affairs  via 
 Public schools losing tug-of-war for top researchers  via 
 Higher Ed Marketing - Marketing and beginner?s mind  via 
 Marketing and beginner’s mind 
 Virtual dissection table ‘as close as you can get’ to real cadaver, students say  via 
 Backed by our experience in curriculum mgmt and content mgmt comes CATALOGM - 
 Marketing with Mallory - What do you want to be?  via 
 Adaptivate - Student Generated Content: Part Five  via 
 History at a crossroads as England reviews national curriculum  via 
 Meet Content - Aligning Content Online and Offline  via 
 Which ‘geosocial’ site do college students prefer?  via 
 NEW PRODUCT LAUNCH: CatalogM - catalog management system 
 .eduGuru - eduTweetup Speakers Announced, 10 Bonus Tickets Remaining  via 
 eduTweetup Boston Event: Speakers Announced, 10 Bonus Tickets Remaining  via 
 CKSyme.org - 2011 CoSIDA Convention Wrap-Up: My Take  via 
 Court overturns Michigan affirmative-action ban  via 
 HigherEd Live - Why I was Wrong about QR Codes  via 
 Researching open online courses 
 Happy 4th of July!! Celebrate safely :)
 Eric Stoller's Blog -  Annual Conference & Exposition  via 
 Eric Stoller's Blog - Student Affairs Live ( May + June  via 
 EDU Checkup - Texas State University-San Marcos ? Episode   via 
 Blackboard reassures education customers after acquisition  via 
 RT   Checkout the   3 to 4 compatibility layer: 
 TargetX iThink Online - A simple solution for summer  via 
 Minnesota shutdown prompts political blame game  via 
 GlobalHigherEd - A cold summer ale on the Terrace  via 
 Students, lawmakers question value of for-profit colleges  via 
 Friday Five: Klout, PeerIndex and influence 
 Higher Ed Marketing - Friday Five: Klout, PeerIndex and influence  via 
 HighEdWebTech - Amazon Lowers Cloud Bandwidth Prices Again  via 
 10 universities with largest financial endowments  via 
 Just had a great meeting talking to a college about catalog management - Happy Wednesday!
 Even the Pope has a social media mashup cc:   
 Marketing with Mallory - Turntable.fm, the new hottness  via 
 HigherEd Live - Hosting new unconference in Boston  via 
 Susan Talbert Evans Blog - What?s luck got to do with it?  via 
 InsideTimsHead - app review: color = better concept than execution  via 
 Checking this out now - anyone have an invite for Google+ yet? RT  Don't know what it is? Here you go: 
 EDU Checkup - USC Marshall School of Business ? Episode   via 
 CASE Social Media - Storify Your Institution  via 
 Storify Your Institution  via CASE SM Blog
 RT  Surprising - Facebook Users: 43% were more likely than other internet users to feel that most people can be trusted  ...
 Report: Only five colleges properly serve needy students  via 
 GlobalHigherEd - Retuning GlobalHigherEd  via 
 Google lures more colleges to Gmail with bigger inboxes  via 
 Alumni Futures - Technology versus Community: Ride the Wave, Not the Board  via 
 Worried about jobs, college women go ‘geek’  via 
 HigherEd Live - Building Campus Community in the 21st Century  via 
 Mobile in Higher Ed - Presentation: Developing a Progressive Mobile Strategy  via 
 Students battle Facebook malware with security app  via 
 Adaptivate - Blog Birthday  via 
 9 Things You Need to Consider in Choosing a Catalog Management System 
 Checking out the eduStyle nominees... 
 Why women have an advantage in technology  via 
 CASE Social Media - Social Media that Gets Results  via 
 Social Media that Gets Results  via CASE SM Blog
 TargetX iThink Online - Don?t forget to test  via 
 Higher Ed Marketing - Friday Five: Marketing quotes from HubSpot?s new ebook  via 
 Friday Five: Marketing quotes from HubSpot’s new ebook 
 Susan Talbert Evans Blog - Maybe it?s because I was part of a ?web redesign project??  via 
 RT  Have you seen what DePaul University is doing with a social media SMASHUP? Crazy cool. Lots of activity in one place. http: ...
 Community college system looking into online fees  via 
 Meet Content - Higher Ed Live Recap: ?A ?Content-First? Approach to Higher Ed Web?  via 
 Higher Ed Marketing - Gearing up for   via 
 Gearing up for  
 HigherEd Live - Completion and Persistence in Higher Education  via 
 Great meeting with the  guys today - excited to see what comes over the next couple weeks!
 Patrick Powers - Just generally have fun  via 
 EDU Snippets - University of Indianapolis - Doesn?t overwhelm their...  via 
 TargetX iThink Online - 10 Lessons from Starbucks  via 
 .eduGuru - Lessons Learned: Joplin Crisis Communication  via 
 Lessons Learned: Joplin Crisis Communication  via 
 Molloy College student loses scholarship because of rap lyrics on her Facebook wall  via 
 CKSyme.org - Are We in Love With the Wrong Numbers?  via 
 EDU Snippets - Belmont University - Uses hover hints to direct the visitor to...  via 
 Patrick Powers - College presidents who lead 140 characters at a time  via 
 EDU Checkup - Hamline University ? Episode   via 
 eduMOOC: Online learning today…and tomorrow 
 Online nurse training feels old-school heat  via 
 .eduGuru - Thank you for flying Church of England, flipbook or death?  via 
 Thank you for flying Church of England, flipbook or death?  via 
 Some of Va.’s ‘Brown v. Board’ college grants go to whites  via 
 InsideTimsHead - august 2005: milestone in demise of journalism, rise of personal narrative?  via 
 HigherEd Live - A ?Content First? Approach to Higher Ed Web  via 
 HigherEd Live - David Pogue Talks Trends in Tech with Higher Ed Live  via 
 Susan Talbert Evans Blog - Inking a strategy for social media: what should I include?  via 
  Apparently! Thanks
 I don't think anyone is working today! 90% of the people I've called today haven't answered their phones. And I've called a LOT of people.
 Rioting in an age of transparency 
 What you need to consider when choosing a Catalog Management System & more... 
 Leave feedback about your experience with course catalog management here - 
 TargetX iThink Online - Your website ? mobilized  via 
 Latest blog about catalog management systems - so many cool things happening with this I can't wait to share! 
 Catalog Management Systems: You shouldn’t have to choose between online and print 
 EduStyle Blog - And the nominees are ?  via 
 How to Live-Update a Commencement/Reunion Weekend  via CASE SM Blog
 RT  Great overview: Pew Internet social networking study: Tweetable moments  via 
 Adaptivate - Student Generated Content: Part Four  via 
 Review: 5 eBook readers for less than $175  via 
 Mennonite College no longer plays national anthem  via 
 Mobile in Higher Ed - More Numbers: foursquare vs Facebook Places vs Gowalla at WVU  via 
 Marketing with Mallory - Update on YouTube EDU applications  via 
 3-year college degree programs not catching on  via 
 RT  comScore | Social media accounts for one out of every six minutes spent online in US 
 Colleges add net price calculators to school prospective students on degree costs  via 
 License to remix 
 Higher Ed Marketing - License to remix  via 
 HigherEd Live - Thoughts from a Dean of Student Life + info about Semester at Sea  via 
 37 percent of state graduates college-ready, data shows  via 
 Update: Wis. lawmakers spare broadband program  via 
 mStoner blog - mStoner Seeks Awesome Marketing Manager  via 
 Mobile in Higher Ed - Higher Ed Mobile Directory Updated with 97 New Websites  via 
 College Web Editor - And, the winners of the Higher Ed Experts scholarships for the  reg...  via 
 Hood College: Freshman orientation and an iPad  via 
 Starting to feel like I'm living in university course catalog world...And I like it because we are making it BETTER!
 On college forms, a question of race, or races, can perplex  via 
 Mobile in Higher Ed - The Numbers: foursquare Usage at West Virginia University  via 
 Higher Ed Marketing - When it?s time to say farewell  via 
 When it’s time to say farewell 
 CKSyme.org - Just (don't) Do It: You Can't Fight the Streisand Effect  via 
 InsideTimsHead - ingredients + improvisation = keys to success anywhere?  via 
 Broadband access jeopardized by GOP action in Wisconsin  via 
 RT  5 Reasons Why The Class of 2020 Won't Go to College  via 
 CASE Social Media - What Should I Say?  via 
 What Should I Say?  via CASE SM Blog
 HigherEd Live - Hit or Hype? Breaking Down Trends in Social Media  via 
 Apple recalls certain Verizon iPad 2 units  via 
 Meet Content - Web User Experience Starts Here (And So Does Your Content)  via 
 Susan Talbert Evans Blog - Fragmentation or segmentation?  via 
 Saturday Six:  takeaways 
 Higher Ed Marketing - Saturday Six:  takeaways  via 
 FJ Gaylor Photography - University of South Florida, Tampa, FL  via 
 EDU Checkup - Belmont University ? Episode   via 
 Roxanne Martino, Chicago executive, resigns from Notre Dame board when pro-choice support exposed  via 
 Colleges now offering education in disaster  via 
 HighEdWebTech - Will you add Google?s +1 button to your sites?  via 
 Copyright, Content, and Consumption  via 
 .eduGuru - Copyright, Content, and Consumption  via 
  That sounds miserable. Any plans to change the process?
  Makes sense to me to keep it w/ Regsitrar too. Marketing dept only needed w/ website flow, imo
   Thanks for the RT's! Getting great feedback
 Interesting! What caused the shift? 
  Thanks so much for the info. Taking a look at your catalog now
  I am seeing a lot of that now
  Just saw you are at Hamilton College...I went to swim camp there as a kid! Good memories and beautiful campus!
  Love to hear that. Have you missed it at all?
  Absolutely, just looking for who the head chef is. Doing some research for a new catalog mgmt system
  Does the Registrar mainly publish/maintain the print AND online catalog?
  well that's a whole lot of cooks. Does one dept. specifically publish it?
 Who manages your university course catalog? The Registrar's office? Admissions? University Relations? Other?
 Mobile in Higher Ed - I?m Talking Mobile at HighEdWeb Rochester  via 
 Q for  Who manages your course catalog? The Registrar's office? Admissions? University Relations? Other?
 Alumni Futures - Valuing Volunteer Leaders  via 
 CASE Social Media - Activate Your LinkedIn Lurkers  via 
 Activate Your LinkedIn Lurkers  via CASE SM Blog
 Obama administration’s education program to focus on jobs  via 
 Lecture capture used to proctor exams in higher education  via 
 HigherEd Live - Academic Advising ?   via 
 Senator: For-profit colleges use subprime mortgage-type loans  via 
 Patrick Powers - 3rd Annual Higher Ed Social Media Summit  via 
 .eduGuru - Markmissions: A New Bonding Between Marketing and Admissions  via 
 Markmissions: A New Bonding Between Marketing and Admissions  via 
 Mobile in Higher Ed - A Warning About Google Map Maker & Your Campus  via 
 Analytics in Learning and Knowledge 
 Unfriending Facebook friends will be painful. 
 CASE Social Media - The Anatomy of a Twitter Audience  via 
  Absolutely! I know  has lots of data so I'm sure he'll have great info to give you.
  This might help give you a little insight from the university perspective (from Kris  
  So far in terms of exposure received it's been very effective- typing faster than my brain is working this morning, apparently!
  on the SMASHUP (social media mashup) project
  I think it depends on what you consider "effective" - We work w/ social media mashups in HE & partnering w/  & 
 Several Texas colleges are using private recruiters for online classes  via 
 The Anatomy of a Twitter Audience  via CASE SM Blog
 Apple’s iCloud could help make digital instruction easier  via 
   Would love to talk about it! 
 RT  Will plan to watch! RT  Details on the 3rd Annual Higher Ed Social Media Summit   ...
 Grundyhome - Should there even be a backchannel?  via 
 LOTS of research on university online catalog mgmt. HUGE opportunity coming for uni's wanting to change the way they manage their catalog.
 6 ways to use social media in Journalism classes. Can't these transfer to other classes as well? 
 EDU Checkup - York County Public Schools ? Episode   via 
 Mark Greenfield - Higher Ed Web Consulting - The 3rd Annual Higher Ed Social Media Summit  via 
 HigherEd Live - How Higher Ed ?Loss Leaders? Influence Online Advertising  via 
 Academic freedom vs. ‘accountability’: Which will win?  via 
   Thanks for the RT - we love our Youngstown friends
 Whether you want to complain about your current catalog system, don't have one at all, or you're just interested, please reach out.
 ATTN University Registrars: we are launching a new catalog mgmt system, & we want to talk to you. Interested? 
 Higher Ed Marketing -  pre-conference preview  via 
 RT  Love seeing our products evolve...from our experience with K-12 curric mgmt systems, we're now working w/ HE online cours ...
  pre-conference preview 
 InsideTimsHead - no gurus: we are all social media students.  via 
 RT  Working on a social media policy? Here are just ONE HUNDRED examples to help... 
 Higher ed taps IBM’s cloud computing  via 
 HigherEd Live - Digital Signage in Higher Ed  via 
 .eduGuru - eduTweetup Boston 2011 Event  via 
 eduTweetup Boston 2011 Event  via 
 College Web Editor - Analytics: The Holy Grail of Social Media in   via 
 Meet Content - Web Content Insights Through ?Understanding Comics?  via 
 Mobile-phone app helps diagnose concussions  via 
 Social Media Fails: Five Mistakes and the Lessons Learned  via CASE SM Blog
 Marketing with Mallory - Molding young minds  via 
 Adaptivate - Social Media Fails: Five Mistakes and the Lessons Learned  via 
 U.S. Education Department official urges making academic credit transfer more efficient  via 
 Friday Five: Counterinsurgent marketing 
 Higher Ed Marketing - Friday Five: Counterinsurgent marketing  via 
  Perfect! Thanks so much
  It's going to change the way things are done, so thanks for the feedbakc
  Cool, is there an example you could show me? (Good or bad?) We're building a new online course catalog mgmt system
  You mean by subject? So it would show all MATH classes at one time?
 About to write a blog on online course catalog systems - What's the biggest thing you look for in an online course catalog or catalog sys?
 CKSyme.org - Got Crisis? Get a Social Media Mindset  via 
 U.S. Education Dept softens final rule on vocational programs  via 
 .eduGuru - Discussion on QR Codes  via 
 Discussion on QR Codes  via 
 MIT’s goal: Reach 1 billion with open courseware  via 
 InsideTimsHead - if you?re getting criticized, at least you?re doing something.  via 
 HigherEd Live - Conceal and Carry ?   via 
 Susan Talbert Evans Blog - In the company of giants (and Russian dolls).  via 
 EDU Checkup - Lexington City Schools ? Episode   via 
 Patrick Powers - Why I ?like? Facebook check-in deals  via 
 Why I Still Like Facebook Check-In Deals  via CASE SM Blog
 Paying for commencement speakers should be banned New Jersey bill proposes  via 
 Feds offer more guidance on eReader accessibility in college  via 
 Meet Content - Editorial Style for Inline Links  via 
 Self-destructing eBooks rile librarians  via 
 EDU Checkup - Clear Creek ISD ? Episode   via 
 The social enterprise? 
 Fellows get $100G to stay out of school  via 
 Welcome back after a long weekend. Hope everyone had a great weekend with family and friends.
 College Web Editor - Get a chance to win one of the 3 scholarships for  Web Rochester C...  via 
 Alumni Futures - Profile: Brant Ust and USA Baseball  via 
 Information: What am I missing? 
 CKSyme.org - Book Review: Social Media ROI by Olivier Blanchard  via 
 Susan Talbert Evans Blog - Ogilvy on Advertising  via 
 The Memorial Day  playlist 
 Higher Ed Marketing - The Memorial Day  playlist  via 
 The rise of the super socials 
 Higher Ed Marketing - The rise of the super socials  via 
 Five ways to connect with online students  via 
 Awesome! RT  Ridiculously proud of the good work  Gorilla family is doing to help out those in Joplin. 
 CASE Social Media - Tumblr: The Easiest Way to Go Viral  via 
 Tumblr: The Easiest Way to Go Viral  via CASE SM Blog
 InsideTimsHead - icerocket: social media monitoring made super-easy  via 
 This is so true... For my fellow wanna-be typographers: 
  However, it would be cool to see PR class from J-school being worked in to the B-schools to cover that
  I do think it depends on the B-School in some circumstances, but it should be built into MBA cirric.
 Higher Ed Marketing - Friday five:  roundup + weekend playlist  via 
 Friday five:  roundup + weekend playlist 
 Judge throws out Wisconsin union-busting bill  via 
 College Web Editor - It?s Friday, Friday in  Oberlin College President, VPs and Deans ...  via 
 College student interest in tablets high, ownership low  via 
 RT  OFFICIAL LIST OF JOPLIN MISSING PERSONS. PLEASE RT  
 Microsoft: Ballmer misspoke on Windows 8  via 
 InfoComm 2011 will focus on AV, IT services  via 
 A blog about anything 
 Higher Ed Marketing - A blog about anything  via 
 College Web Editor - How to sell a liberal arts college education to more career-minded prospect...  via 
 HigherEd Live - On the Road with Higher Ed Live  via 
 HigherEd Live - Alternative Professional Development  via 
 Dillard University  via 
   Thanks for sharing and commenting about our blog!  
 RT  RADAR INDICATED ROTATION MOVING NORTH FROM 75 & STATELINE  
 University of Washington  via 
 Stay safe everyone RT  There's some live video at  for those with no tv.  
 RT  Rotation near Stilwell, KS ... Stanley, Kenneth, Leawood, Overland park KS in the path as well as Grandview, MO 
 Project puts long-unavailable recordings online  via 
 EduStyle Blog - Nominations are now Open  via 
 Good web design, strategy principles apply across all websites
 Cool to see him do some K12 reviews RT   Video Reviews are now LIVE on  Awards site. 
 Adaptivate - Student Generated Content: Part Three  via 
 Study: One-fifth of faculty does most of the work  via 
 Meet Content - The Bounce Rate Myth  via 
 Marketing with Mallory - How to say ?no? at work  via 
 EDUCATOR Plus Color Poster Printer for Schools  via 
 InsideTimsHead -  review: the importance of being human.  via 
 Patrick Powers - What highered could learn from Silicon Valley  via 
 College Web Editor - Get a chance to win one of the 2 scholarships for  Web Arkansas Co...  via 
 Alumni Futures - How Should a University System Build Its "Leadership Brand"?  via 
 Why liberal arts matter  via 
 Vote for the  SMASHUP in the eduStyle Awards - 
 RT  RT  Donations for  will be accepted at this week's  Suggested items:  (via ...
 FJ Gaylor Photography - Stonehill College Spring Photos and Commencement  via 
 Writing well - a priceless skill RT  Why every student should learn journalism skills   
 RT  23 aid dropoff locations currently collected, please make sure yours is on there:    
 RT  PLEASE RT: Building a list of Joplin relief dropoff locations. Please add sites as you hear about them: 
 Mobile in Higher Ed - Google Maps Trick for Campus Walking Directions  via 
  Thanks for sharing the info. Not much coverage here either other than how bad the tornado was.
 RT  The Nazarene church  816 E. Quincy, Pittsburg, KS is a drop off for items for folks in Joplin. West side of the gym has tables.
 It's officially summer in  KS. Students are gone and we can get from A to B a whole lot quicker now!
 RT  Thinking of our friends in Joplin. Take care today, still bad weather on the way.
 Meet Content - Visualizing Content: Using Infographics For Clear Communication  via 
 HigherEd Live - 2011: The Year of Web Governance  via 
 CKSyme.org - Five Social Media Must-Haves in a Crisis  via 
 At campus rally, eMails speak louder than chants  via 
 EduStyle Blog - Nominations Update  via 
 Apple fans’ brains react in a way similar to religious people  via 
 Higher Ed Marketing - Friday Five: What Starbucks can teach higher ed  via 
 Friday Five: What Starbucks can teach higher ed 
 Will colleges be ready for big internet change?  via 
 This will be fun: Mother of all MOOCs 
 edYOUcator Facebook Poll 
 Aftermath of the Tuscaloosa Tornadoes: 
 Organizing Social Media in .Edu  via CASE SM Blog
 New, cheaper Nook may debut next week  via 
 mStoner blog - Organizing Social Media in .Edu  via 
 College Web Editor - 1-1-1 Book Review: Social Media Metrics by Jim Sterne  via 
 Susan Talbert Evans Blog - First strategic, then strategy.  via 
 HigherEd Live - Blogs and Blogging  via 
 Grad School Marketer - Graduation collaboration: Sharing the workload on commencement programs  via 
 CASE Social Media - First Strategic, Then Strategy  via 
 First Strategic, Then Strategy  via CASE SM Blog
 EDU Checkup - Roger Williams University ? School of Law ? Episode   via 
 MACC is transitioning from very manual intensive processes to more automated processes with SONISWEB.  via 
 mStoner blog - Personal Reactions to Confab: Relief, Challenges, and a Content Strategy Manifest...  via 
 Does anyone really have a fear of social media? Still a good list to help get started... 
 College Web Editor - Twitter Done Right: Times Higher Education   via 
