 RT  This week, Nelson Mandela turned 93 – here are 7 ways to celebrate one of our greatest living heroes 
 Reluctantly going off the grid for two weeks since my iPhone was stolen on the Underground. Heading to Namibia tomorrow!
 Photo: Taken with Instagram at Serpentine Lake 
  Sounds like a great night! I need to go see  soon.
  It was a girl band, not sure who. Now there's a futbol game on tv so no more Muzak. What are y'all up to tonite?
 I just got bumped up to business class. I think  and I are making up.
  I was just sad they weren't playing the Wham version.
 They are playing a non-Wham version of "Last Christmas" in the DFW international terminal. It's July 1st. I'm so confused.
 Just scored an $800 travel voucher in exchange for delaying my travel to LHR by 1.5 hours. Karmic payback from  at last.
 On my way to London. Anyone have cheap-ish food recommendations?
 Seriously  has the worst website. How is it in their interest to make it impossible for me to view and pay my bill online?
  $178?!
 Happiness. RT  John Mueller returning to Austin 
 RT  im just feeling things today
 This entire day has been like one drawn-out anxiety attack.
   Wow, I can't believe that was a year ago. Miss you too, Russell!
 Quite the resemblance. RT  Win Butler from Arcade Fire? He's The Red Baron, pretty much: 
   If only I had a tagline as snappy as the "quicker picker upper."
 RT  In the News: Jody Stephens talks about the Live Tribute to Alex Chilton Release 
  Cool! Thanks for the tip.
   I cannot believe that 7K people follow paper towels.
  Wait, this place is in Austin? How have I never heard of it? I'm so there. Tomorrow.
  How do they have almost 7K followers? People need to have high enough standards not to follow paper towels on twitter.
  Genius.
  Portobello mushroom bun?
  I like that. A lot.
 He's also the best boss ever. RT  Another person who inspires me? Terry Lickona of  
 Can we be please be done with vampires soon?
  Haha, that has happened to all of us. I was just surprised seeing that from a publisher!
  The grammar in that last tweet was so bad on so many levels that I don't even know what you're trying to say.
 Cutting up a watermelon with a good knife is so very satisfying.
  Fraggle Rock is real?! I think you just made my dreams come true.
 RT  I'd sure love to get married. Please, NY Senate, vote in favor of marriage equality today. My family would really appre ...
 RT  These auto racing photographers turned a night stranded in an airport into an viral video hit: 
 Um, Tyson Cole just brought me a dish with truffles.   Uchiko 
  Next year I predict the birthday of  will be a national holiday.
 I'm obviously having a breakdown because I just ate a pack of Sour Patch Kids.
 Officially giving up. Done.
 My niece Emmylou gets to see Emmylou Harris tonight   
  Sorry I'm missing this one tonight. Let me know what I missed. 
  It's always a good time.
 Just peaked in on Emmylou Harris's soundcheck, I couldn't resist. She plays tonight 
 Wow, this was shot 36 years ago today: Clemons and Springsteen: An iconic rock photo, in their image | syracuse.com 
  Just Kids by Patti Smith
 Gonna be loud tonight.  taping 
 DJing in the Dream Pop / Indie room. Now playing Belle & Sebastian: I Want The World To Stop ♫♪  
 RT  Today Explosions in the Sky are recording the theme music for our new season. Thanks  
  What were you trying to get tickets to?
 RT  We just released 100 more fix for the Explosions in the Sky show tonight! 
  I drank those at The Breslin last time I was in NYC. Crazy good.
 Getting me in the mood for my upcoming trip to the UK. RT  The 50 Best British Artists of All Time - 
 See the Tom Waits  episode from 1978! At the  
  Mezz stage left
  Hahaha, no doubt it would be a Spinal Tap moment if we tried that.
 I'm coming back in my next life as Florence Welch.
 RT  Florence takes the stage  
  Unfortunately not. Sorry!
 Cute pic of Flo   Austin City Limits Live at The Moody Theater 
 Florence ACL rehearsal   Austin City Limits Live at The Moody Theater 
 finally!   franklin barbecue 
 Beauty   franklin barbecue 
  that online driving stuff is so very painful.
  the coaches are so nice.
  Was it just me or was that kid missing notes right and left?
  Are lobster tacos available all night?
 RT  Werner Herzog will record "Go the Fuck to Sleep" audiobook.  (via 
  heh heh
  can't wait to hear about it!
 I'm pretty sure there's more intellectual gravitas happening in this hockey game than what's happening on CNN right now.
  Duh, thanks. I thought it would post to twitter but it didn't...
   Fingers crossed for you!
 Pulling for the Big Man today. Clarence Clemons stroke update | NJ.com 
 RT  My ROT Rally "Old lady flashing" count was too high to measure, and I saw people banging while driving a motorcycle. 
 peacock   Mayfield Park and Nature Preserve 
 A little bedtime story from  about the worst Flaming Lips gig ever: 
 cherries 
   It's so hot and humid here at LZR. It's kinda gross.
  It is great! I played The Smiths, Dolly, Townes, Traveling Wilburys, Broken Bells, Pixies...they have a nice mix.
  Just got tickets for tonight. What time are y'all going?
  Having a very important meeting here.
 Going to feed the jukebox at The Gingerman so I don't have to listen to these idiot lawyers at the bar talk about working out and "9s."
 Just heard this on the jukebox. Damn I love Doug Sahm.  via 
  Lots of sunburned flesh busting out of leather.
 ROT Rally: I wonder how many times I'll see Life Flight this weekend.
  Oh shit, why am I not going to that? I kept meaning to ask her about that show. Are you going too?
  YES. It's not too late! We could leave right now.
 ROT Rally: Not my favorite weekend of the year.
   I think she decide on The Thistle.
  I need London restaurant reports, so do lots of scouting while you're there. Did you take that article from The Guardian?
  Feel better soon!
  Jealous you got a hug from  but you deserve it. Great job with his show today!
  No tapings on the calendar for those dates...
  When will you be in ATX?
 New studio starting to feel like home.   Austin City Limits Live at The Moody Theater 
 RT  First time seeing an  taping   Even the programs are fancier! 
 Yay for  shout-out: The Nine Best Music Shows in the History of Television | Paste: 
 RT  Florence + The Machine tapes in the afternoon of 6/16. Go to our blog for ticket giveaway. 
 This looks like fun:  The Princess Bride: The Play via  
  Back corner floor stage left. my phone is about to die! Where r u?
  Thank goodness there are still a few good things to look forward to.
   There is a certain person I would like to punch in the face.
 I would like to hit something at the moment.
   Thanks, y'all. :)
  I saw a blog post on these pictures a couple years ago and was blown away. Excited they're available and will support 
 Got them! :) RT  Collect pair of photographs from Paul Fusco's RFK Funeral Train series, to benefit  bit.ly/20x200fusco
 Jon has been inspiring me for years! RT  Who inspires me? I'll start with  - 
 RT  Mark Oliver Everett, lead singer of the EELS, looks into the theories of his estranged father, a quantum physicists, tonight a ...
  Was it sexy sax man? 
 RT  So if you're still awake &  love Texas BBQ you might want to check out the App store for something that officially goe ...
  Had a great dinner  tonight. Love that farm!
 Weiner, Paul Revere, Warner Herzog. Good stuff: The Colbert Report: Mon, Jun 6, 2011 on  
 Just posted a photo   Springdale Farm 
 RT  .  Apology Speech (Presented By Guilty Looking Dachshunds) 
 Just posted a photo   Supermercado El Rancho 
 Yes, yes it is. Moviegoers rejoice: Alamo Drafthouse expletive-filled anti-texting PSA is awesome  via 
 RT  STEVE MARTIN IS REALLY OILED AND BUFF. OMG, my Twitter account was just hacked.
  No, but my orchids seem to enjoy Topo Chico.
  Thanks! That other pic was from 2005 - decided I could use an update.
 The new neighborhood supermercado is so festive! 
  I remember that view! :)
  Is that when you grill something on a plank of wood? Or is it something dirty? ;)
  Ooh! I had no idea there were so many flavors of Topo.
 Allez Roger!!
 Austin City Limits - Ticket giveaway: Raphael Saadiq 6/9  
   Yes, these things are best left to the universe (and Camille and Arthur, if they like Birks as much as my dogs).
  I broke down and bought a pair about a year ago. And then my dogs promptly chewed them up; that was the end of that.
  Yes! I'll meet you there tomorrow. :)
 I have a gift certificate to  burning a hole in my pocket, must get there stat. 
 Miss you too,  Way to graduate and all that! Glad you'll be home in ATX soon. :)
  I'm listening to it right now. Loving it so far.
 Leaving for Namibia in one month! Namibia's Coastal Parks From National Geographic:  via 
  Sad I can't stream tennis online but not sad enough to be bullied into subscribing to cable again. No thanks.
 So I can't watch the French Open online  because my internet company isn't "approved" by them. Can't they just sell ads or something?
  Sorry to hear about Boo. He was a good kitty and I'm so thankful you and Alex gave him such a good life when I couldn't keep him.
  Can't wait to give her some snuggles. Pushing back from gate at DFW right now.
  One of my best friends is allergic to gluten and changing her diet has changed her life!
 Worth reading to see illustration of Federer and Nadal dressed up as steaks. Djokovic's gluten free diet: 
 Having an eerily smooth travel day on  on, of all days, a national holiday. Maybe I should call that rapture dude.
 Reading Steve Martin's latest novel, drinking iced coffee and looking at the ocean. Happy girl.
 RT  anyone that follows me gets a free drink or tapa at any  dc md va nv to celebrate  win
 Just posted a photo   2nd Street Beach 
 RT  After walking away from his photography career, David LaChapelle has reinvented himself as an artist: 
 On the beach   South Beach  2nd St 
 The one good thing that  did was book me on a  flight today. Only took 3 hours on the phone to sort it out!
 Estimated hold time for a human  60+ minutes. This after canceling my flight and not telling me. FUCK YOU, AMERICAN AIRLINES.
 RT  Jared Loughner: too crazy to stand trial, not too crazy to buy a gun?
 Alejandro Escovedo at the Cactus. It smells like patchouli in here. 
  Maybe some Pringayles? 
 I'm adopting "modernicide." RT  Adopt an obsolete word from the Oxford English dictionary 
  The cave and the paintings are STUNNING. Seeing them with/through Werner Herzog is almost poetic.
  It's pricey and the attitude is definitely a little different. But comfy chairs, good beer. I'll go back.
 Thumbs up for Cave of Forgotten Dreams and 
 Countdown to South Beach: 2 days. And I don't mean the diet.
 RT  Instagram filters as Photoshop actions: 
 Having a love affair with the Bacon Steakie 
 Good deed of the day:  and I just rescued a horse that was loose on the highway. Yes. A horse.
 It's the end of the world as we know it. And I feel fine.
   If they can do it on the weekends, why not during the week too - like every other Mex breakfast/lunch place?
  Yes please.
  That is so awesome. Will you make me one with a unicorn?
 Super awesome promotional items I received in the mail today at work. Each a perfect fit for   
 I find it completely ridiculous that  stops serving breakfast tacos at 11. That is just stupid.
  Happy Adoption Day to Madeline and the rest of the fam!
 RT  Little Steven gets a free pass for everything due to his wearing a "Bad News Bears" t-shirt while recording "The Promise ...
 Listening to The World (Feat. Jack White) by Danger Mouse on 
 RT  At this sensitive & difficult time for Schwarzenegger, I hope the media will respect my need to hear more details.
 Hello moon.
  I meant to go to that showing and missed it; glad  is doing it again so I can finally see it.
 Yay! RT  . Downton Abbey returns in January.
 I hear this is great from  The Adventures of Prince Achmed w/ live score  6/12 
 Love this week's poem: How You Know by Joe Mills : American Life in Poetry 
 Impasse still one of my favorite records. RT  Richard Buckner has a new website! Go check it out: 
  In related news, guess who needs a shower? THIS GIRL.
  It would be almost worth it just for the double entendres. Hours of fun.
 Starting to think I should date my plumber since I see so much of him. Maybe I could get a discount.
 I think there's a gas leak at the meter in my backyard. Just called the gas company. I hope I don't blow up.
 Man my dogs lose their shit when I bring a rotisserie chicken into the house.
 RT  If you're in NOLA and have any sense you'll see  s  Congrats to  and ca ...
 Contigo   Contigo Austin 
 Discussion with Magnum photographers Postcards from America   Harry Ransom Center (HRC) 
 RT  If you're in Austin don't miss the kick off of the Postcards From America project at the Harry Ransom Center at 7pm  ...
  I just inhaled some gazpacho.
  I'm guessing it's probably been a while since you've had a glass of wine by yourself. Soak it up.
  Looks like a great trip so far. Are you staying at Nick's Cove?
 I'm at Fino.  is at Vino Vino. Uh...bit of a mixup. Catching up via texts over respective glasses of wine.
  I'm so sorry. Sending you love and hugs.
 RT  RT  Man arrested at Bangkok airport with drugged baby leopard, bear in luggage 
  It's a nice combo. Or at least it was until Flo-Rida got involved right after Fleetwood Mac.
  Thanks, I'll check that out. BTW, Obama was great, totally thrilling day here. I tweeted a couple of photos of it.
 Enjoying the Fleet Foxes ---> Fleetwood Mac segue in my iTunes library. I didn't realize I owned so much Fleetwood Mac.
  Damn you get all the good stuff.
 Sounds so so good.  Rainy Day Special: Braised house cured bacon w/ potato gnocchi. Sounds pretty good with a Scottish Ale
   I love those umbrellas. I used to have one but I don't know what happened to it.
  **brussels sprouts
  Ooh thanks, sounds good. Btw I had the brussel sprouts at La Condesa the other night and they are super.
  “ Have you done any spring pickling yet? 15 of our best (and easiest) recipes for pickled vegetables: ”
 RT  Good to see Rand Paul standing up against the moral horror of taking care of others: 
 Rain! Hooray! 
 Congrats to Dive Bar! Yay Bev!   Dive Bar & Lounge 
 RT  WHOLE TRADE™ HAITIAN MANGOES! Enjoy their great taste while helping combat poverty and support small farmers in Haiti! h ...
 Shaking hands, being a rockstar.  
 Well that was exciting!  
 Waiting for  with   
 For a bunch of people used to working with rockstars, we are pretty unhinged by Obama's presence today.  
 We should settle Mid-East conflict with hummus contests: How Food Explains the World | Foreign Policy  via 
 Apparently I'm too technically inept to set up Google Apps at work. Mail keeps bouncing, have tried everything I can think of. Help.
  Yes I think they recently joined the twitters.
 Have to vacate my office in 30 minutes for  security sweep of building.
  It is but we are pretty much on lockdown starting at 1pm.
  It was discussed but apparently he has to be photographed against "Presidential blue."
 Getting ready for Obama. Flags everywhere.   ACL Live at The Moody Theater 
  Oh yes. He's speaking later today; some sort of campaign kick-off and fundraiser.
 OH MY GOD THE PRESIDENT WILL BE AT WORK TODAY. Whatevs, no big deal.
 RT  I've got an owl living on my bicycle! I declare myself king of the hipsters. 
 Rolling my hair and picking out my most professional-looking outfit to wear to work. But only because the President will be at work today.
  He's definitely more creative and therefore probably more deserving. But man I love LOS. Almost enough to go to Vegas.
 Soundtrack for a Revolution: American Experience on  is incredibly inspiring but really, Joss Stone? I don't understand.
  Check it out: Tyson Cole and the chef from Lotus of Siam tie for James Beard award for best in SW. 
 RT  Just Announced: Fleet Foxes Live Webcast! Watch their Austin show tomorrow night at NPR Music: 
 RT  A grant for photographers' subjects! A girl in Bhopal to get money because of an Alex Masi photo.  
 RT  April was a good month! Live outcome rates were 90% at Town Lake Animal Center and 93% at Williamson County Regiona ...
 RT  <referring to Austin Ballet production of Magic Flute> This is totally Star Wars!
 Going camping this weekend. Anyone have any good lunch/dinner recipe ideas for me?
 Thank you,  for bringing back the anthem.
 Arcade Fire evoking the suburbs of San Antonio with Dillard's in view just past the stage.
 Jesus the Backyard seriously sucks.
 That was an excellent evening, enjoyed both. RT Bill Callahan and  Lager tallboys at Mohawk.
  I saw Todd but didn't see you.
  Damn that looks fantastic.
 Is it just me or is apple.com down?
  It's really quite exhausting, isn't it?
 RT  Cinco de Mayo doggie & kitty adoptions! This weekend adoption discounts & fun stuff! APA building & Ohlen Rd Petsma ...
  Hahahahaha
  Looking forward to your review!
  Was just thinking about how much fun that sxsw party was with  and 
 I think the royal wedding broke the Daily Mail website.
  I think I have this sorted out for now but will look into that. Seriously I despise transcoding. Are you in Austin yet?
  Sorenson Squeeze. It was going to take 6 hours to transcode a 4 minute video. Finding an alternate solution now...
 Transcoding video is the bane of my existence.
 Trending now on twitter: Kate Middleton's eyebrows. Whoa. cc: 
   Just stop. You're killing me. But deep down I'm glad you're having a lovely time. Without me. [sadface]
 My Royal name is Duchess Emily Pippa Joyceton of Austinshire  via 
 RT  They Might Be Kenyans 
 Irony's downfall? RT  Recap:  Cutesy on the outside, far more interesting on the inside. 
 RT  I would like for Obama to start blasting "Born In The USA" every time he enters & exits a room.
 This is awesome. RT  This is one reason I follow Mother Falcon: 
 RT  Ok, I'm ready for to see some more  on  Retweet it if you agree!
  Thanks, I miss you too! At least I'm getting to watch  Sounds like the taping is going well, sorry to miss it.
  I'm squealing every time I see you on  even though I'm watching by myself.
  Ooh, good idea, thanks.
 My entire  cue is comprised of either foreign films or documentaries. I'm sick. I need suggestions for something lighter.
   I watched him last night...I see what you mean. It's esp disturbing because he looks like he's 12.
 RT  Anyone have some good pics from the  taping last night for 
 Mumford and Sons soundchecking 
   My money's on keyboard player.
  All I can think of is that ep of Sex and the City where they take the train because they think it'll be so charming.
 My alter ego ( is busy disappointing everyone w/ news that all tix to taping tonight with  have been distributed.
 Peeps kill, people. Be careful today.
 My Easter weekend reading selection 
 RT  I hate when musicians refer to the studio as "the lab."  Like 50 Cent is working on the cure for cancer mumbling w/mar ...
 I wish I was in Marfa this weekend.
   This is very exciting news. I'm sure I'll see you there.
 RT  -  on how to watch LONESOME DOVE: "you'll need a pound or so of salted meat, a full case of Lone Star and so ...
 Fun night with  and   
 There sure is a lot of high hat in dance music. 
 Sorry but there are fans up here AND a dance party. 
 Just totally pulled a douche move and went to VIP without my friends for Cut Copy. 
 I will never understand why my mother calls me and immediately starts chomping on crackers while talking to me. 
 Work has thwarted my plans to spend the afternoon at Barton Springs. Wah.
 Thanks 
 Uh, why does Jiffy Lube think it's ok to text me? I am pretty sure I never approved that.
 Now on day 3 of rebuilding my Entourage database. Why do you have to be such an asshole, Entourage?
  Where can we see 'Bury the Hatchet' outside of NOLA? Theaters? Online? DVD?
 Trying to find the Ghostland Observatory costumes I made for my chihuahuas for the  Easter Pet Parade.
 Ooh! New taste preference row from Netflix: Classic Visually-striking Understated Movies. Apparently that's just how I like 'em.
 If I were to pray for anything, it would be for a new governor. 
  I don't know, but my fingers are crossed...
  Just found out I have access to gym/locker room facilities at a certain fancy hotel next door.
 My job really does have some excellent perks.
 RT  Raphael Saadiq, Adele, Florence and the Machine, Black Joe Lewis, Miranda Lambert all taping this summer! Dates on our blog
 Bang-Bang Club war photojournalists Joao Silva and Greg Marinovich on  today: 
  Oh please!!!!! You crazy.
   Way to go Jack!
  Happy birthday Russell! ATX sends you lots of birthday love.
  Just secured ticket to Cut Copy Friday night. Game on.
 This new Bill Callahan CD almost makes up for all the crap CDs I was sent this week that went straight into the trash. 
 RT  Nice. RT  New Explosions in the Sky LP streaming in its entirety here ()
 Beautiful Penny. RT  This is my premiere video, watch and weep in a beautiful way, join me in Seattle. 
  Thanks!
  Where are  playing Thursday?
    Let's do that every Monday night. <3
 RT  Ticket giveaways for our tapings with Mumford & Sons on 4/25 and Flogging Molly on 4/26 on our blog  ...
  We tried. 4th out of 30. Not a bad showing but we didn't quite get the revenge we were hoping for.
 Where is the  team for Mind Over Music trivia smackdown? Scared or something?
  Switching to cramming margaritas now.
  I'm just going to quickly skim my Rolling Stone Encyclopedia of Rock and Roll. brb.
 Is it too late to cram for tonight's 2nd Annual Mind Over Music trivia contest?
   Make that 2 people in TX who  think you're awesome.
  The structure of the novel was innovative and creative but the narrative itself was kind of bleh. I like stories to have ends.
  Yeah I don't get it. I didn't like it either.
  Just purchased your Overheard on the Titanic print from  Can't wait to put it in my office.
 Hoping after today it'll be a full year before I have to see grown men humiliated into wearing Statue of Liberty/Uncle Sam costumes.
  I liked Ellie Goulding, will have to check her out again sometime. Will check your PJ reports manaña!
   National = beautiful as usual. I can't stay up til 3am again tonight w/ Coachella! Ratatat, then sleep.
  Thanks for the reminder, I just put it on.
   Nice that you've made your lovefest official.
 I'm enjoying all the twitter flirting between  and 
  I thought about it but this was more persuasive in the end. 
 Horns are coming back!   Penick-Allison Tennis Center 
 RT  It's not easy to slow grind to "The Suburbs," but god bless all the couples trying their best right now. 
  I always think twitter is full of smart, clever, and witty people. Until I click on trending topics.
 I think this is the goal of most weddings I shoot. RT  Guests Emerge Shell-Shocked From Rich People's Wedding 
  Whoever thought of light-up balloons is a genius. 
 RT  light up balloons! RT   PROMISE: DELIVERED.  
 They are killing it right now! RT  Dear Win Butler, you have incredible songs & incredibly bad hair. 
  Big Audio Dynamite, that was cool. And wow, I didn't realize Bright Eyes had turned into such a rock band.
  Seriously the video and audio quality of this stream is unbelievable.
  I have half a mind to get dressed and head to 
  This is by far the best live streaming of a festival that I've seen. Nice job.
  I'm streaming it while laying in my bed. Not actually at Coachella.... 
  Mumford & Sons just about to start.
 Why I'd rather be punched in the testicles than call customer service - The Oatmeal  via 
 Rompers. Why?
 RT  I'm gonna start taking pictures of people taking pictures of their food.
 My dogs are obsessed with something in the bathroom wall. 
  It would be perfect for all of the napping I end up doing at your place.
 There is a hammock somewhere with my name on it. I'm sure of it.
 It's too pretty to be inside today.
 RT  This week on Austin City Limits: The Avett Brothers ( and Heartless Bastards ( 
 Welcome back, collarbones. I've missed you. I knew you were still in there somewhere.
 Western civilization in freefall? RT  What Do You Call Paying Someone For A Date? 
  that's what I thought, thanks.
  Hey, which Balmorhea song did you use in that underwater video you made there?
  Well if you figure out where they're all hiding, let me know.
  Me too! Where are your favorite micheladas?
 RT  Happy birthday Thomas Jefferson! Hopefully one day, like Jesus, people will claim to understand you perfectly and then ...
  Did you find said soulmate last night?
  Hasselblad is always a good idea.
 RT  The Simpsons' voice actor Harry Shearer tapes  on 4/14. Free. RSVP today:  ...
 RT  Austin, TX, animal shelter's March 2011 save rate for dogs & cats = 89%.  Congrats  & 
 Tonight's lecture is on humor. Just what I need after a super shitty day.  Arthouse at the Jones Center 
  nevermind tickets are already gone.
  Are you still looking for Mumford Railroad Revival tix? I may have a friend selling a pair.
  I may have no idea where the thermostat is to my new office but I soooooo don't miss that parking garage.
  Sadly it was more stimulating than the conversation this afternoon.
 When I find myself watching golf, it is time to go home.
 RT  Vote for APA in the ASPCA $100K... shelters competing for $300K. Vote daily Apr. 4-15  
 RT  As a general rule: If the woman in charge behind the counter of the BBQ/Cajun restaurant refers to you as "Baby"- food  ...
  Thanks for the tip. Would be cool if you could accommodate square photos.
  So glad to hear your place was spared!
 Heartbreaking report on the wildfire in West Texas:  Hoping for the best today.
  Oh yes. It was indeed.
  it's getting crispy!
  Horseshoe Bay, near Marble Falls (Texas, that is).
  Thanks! When are you next in Austin?
 That'll do, pig. 
  I just downloaded it today too. Late to the party, as usual.
  Yeah I'm not a fan.
 I really hate how  crops the photos you post. I won't be using that anymore.
 Afternoon nap outside   Horseshoe Bay Resort 
 Here's a pic I took  Horseshoe Bay 
  Can't wait to see the piglet in action.
 I take it back; I definitely care about gov't shutdown. RT  Are Abortion Issues Blocking A Deal On The Budget? 
 RT  'get your boehner out of my vagina'. hands down the best sign at a planned parenthood rally.
  Wow, that looks astonishingly terrible. Breakdown?
  And who knows how much we're paying for his hair products...
  Hope you're feeling better. It's lonely here without you.
  Muy bueno. See you there.
  Are we lunching pre-meeting? Dress down round-up fun perhaps?
  I didn't try for tickets but I heard from several tennis friends that they got shut out.
 Is it wrong that I'm ignoring this whole potential government shutdown thing?
 RT  Lady Gaga Monster Balls the Erwin Center [Photos] 
 RT  Need some new music? Here are the 25 Best Songs of 2011 (So Far) 
  Oh that is sad. Hope the rest of your day is better.
  There's clear lineage between those two for sure. Whatever it is, it works. How was Franklin BBQ?
 I've already managed to kill the parsley plant in my garden. I planted it on Saturday. That may be a new record for me.
  No meat outfits last night but we got taped-up nipples in a plastic dress, nun habits, lots of fake blood. It was fabulous.
 RT  Costume change for 'the Fame' Gaga looks like a samurai nun. Drummer's badass, guitarist obv big on Slash
 The people-watching is off the charts.  Monster Ball by Lady Gaga 
 Want to be part of a very cool project? Check out Kickstarter - Ivy and the Wicker Suitcase: 
 RT  Eyes are the window to the soul. Sunglasses are the blinds.  
  I know, it's torture. And now with Mad Men also not back until 2012, television in 2011 is dead to me.
  I can't believe they're making us wait until 2012 for more. 
  Seriously in awe of your broom dancing skills.
 Step away from the tambourine. RT  wow  has a broom. watch out.
  Mmmmm...that sounds amazing. I'm about to tear into some pulled pork eggs benedict.
  Ooh...how's their brunch?
  I have two chihuahuas and am not interested in seeing a possum/chihuahua showdown. Freaks me out.
  I'll save that for a last resort...
  Thanks, will try them. I think the one on my back porch the other night was preggers. One on my front porch tonight too. Ew.
 How do I get rid of possums?
  I thought Plato said that.
 RT  Please come out and support  bake sale for Japan. From 10am to 2 pm
 Overheard at  "Franklin BBQ tastes like unicorn meat."
  Why does their brisket have to be so good? But not as good as the blood sausage waffle w/ foie gras butter that I just had. Whoa.
  The Franklin BBQ tent is the only one with a line (at TX food and wine fest). Figures. 
 I just pet a giraffe.  Texas Disposal Systems Exotic Game Ranch and Pavilion  
 Giving myself permission to write some terrible poetry this month. I'm going for it.  
 Just played the only song I know on piano: Some Things Last a Long Time   
 I'm at ACL Live at The Moody Theater in Austin, TX 
