  As a matter of fact, here are 25 houses good deals for the price per sq ft. :)  More  HollysHomeGuide.com
  meet  . You both are web developer dudes and I think you would have a lot to talk about!
 Finally finished the last episode of Battestar Galatica (only 3 years behind). Feeling  about the ending. 
 Do the Lawrence Real Estate Hustle! 
  There are some good ones on craigslist. Here is one my mom has   
 Every once in a while I pull this back out of my pocket to remind myself of how great life is. 
 Sweet! I would love to meet you.
 Lease this room for $375/mo including utilities! KU, trees, bunnys and walking close by. byhttp://goo.gl/Z9vGY  
 Cottage Style home on the west side of Lawrence. Close to private park, shopping and KU.    
 Spent the morning unexpectedly showing rural houses in the rain with high heals on. Note to self: Put galoshes in trunk. 
 I suppose I MIGHT be willing to live in one of these... (10 most expensive homes in the US)   
 RT  Big Omaha is SOLD OUT! RT for a chance to win a ticket!  
  Thought you might like this guys blog. I can only hope to be as helpful on mine someday! 
  Thanks for checking out my site Kyle! I will be hosting another seminar in Sept. I also meet w ppl to discuss the info.
 3313 Rainier St. is close to KU and the bus route. Sweet deal for $99,500. Video/data:  
 I came home to find a May basket on my door! Thank you secret friend.   
 Having tea and crumpets at a Royal Wedding watch party.  
 Is it a good sign that I have been too busy to twitter, facebook or shop for shoes? Does this mean I have a life or none at all?
 Got through most of my morning meetings before noticing that I had a giant glob of mascara under my eye.  Go me!
  Sounds a lot like the the way I have been living my year. Still praying the same thing.
 New media soul trapped in an old media body. I appreciate  humor. Well done sir.
 My car felt like Forrest Gump's feather tonight on K10 Hwy.
 RT  Everybody thinks "The Social Network" is the best movie about forming a new startup, but they are wrong. The best movie i ...
 The perfect night for a spring bonfire.
 My client changed his credit score from 490 to 620 (in 2mo) therefor changing house payment from $543/mo to $422/mo. Wy 2 go! Tru stry 
 Three showings on one listing today and a contract coming in tonight! Hello spring market, it's nice to have you back.  
 This week I found a buyer for a house that my friend was going to loose to the bank! Foreclosure=stopped. Yay!
  the turning light at 27th and Iowa is not working. Backed up to the park. Fyi.
  I found out about Tiny Wings yesterday and was playing it for the better part of today. So simple but so addictive.
 RT  Colin Firth deserved the oscar. I was uncomfortable every time he spoke for an entire movie. Well done.
  U Dance w/ *s?
 I have a friend who is leasing out her townhome on the west side of Lawrence! 
 "Know your promise for your business and only promise what you can deliver."  Thanks for this great advice!  
 RT  Money is only money, and things are only things. But people will last forever.
  , the complement is well received Sir! To be fair, I borrowed half of that from my friend Audra McMahon. :-)
 Just got $50 off my new printer at office depot by recycling my old garage sale one! Now for getting it to work......
 Are You Smarter Than an Eighth Grader (From 1895)?   
 RT  Happy Tuesday. From 11 am until 3 pm, our lunch specials are just $7.99: Hazelnut-Encrusted Goat Cheese Salad or...
  So you're taking more away from us! No!
 A Realtor lady who despises car shopping is now car shopping. Thoughts? Help?   
 So THIS is what flip flops feel like.   
 RT  Thoughts on how to approach four challenges brands regularly encounter as they launch on the social web 
 RT  Sooo bummed about  in Lawrence closing. I love all my downtown bookstores, I don't want to see any of them go!
 "The purpose of life is a life of purpose."  
 Ever wondered if you could own a cute home on the westside of Lawrence for under $650/mo here's your answer.  
 "If A equals success, then the formula is: A = X + Y + Z, where X is work, Y is play, and Z is keep your mouth shut." 
 For those of  you that have always wanted a walk-in closet, here's a house with one in every room! 
 I laughed at these similes like I was Marty McFly... and they were Biff running into the manure truck.  
 Walked outside and felt a little flutter in my heart. 40 blessed degrees.  
   After 20 Min we finally took matters into our own wheels. :)
 The " Makeup of the FICO score" is an interesting section of this Wikipedia selection. Scores are changing  
  Rates at  are 5% for 30 yr fixed.  has 0% down.   
  This just happened to me too.  It was from an unknown local number. Super strange pranker asking about Guatemala
 Hello freshly-unsnowed car. It's nice to see you again.  
 Newest marketing idea~a snowmobile covered with decals that read "Holly's Snow'n Show" to take homebuyers around to look at houses with. Ye…
 Where do you like to Kiss & Tail? Enter the  photo contest: 
 Please check out this office space for lease!  Newer building in west Lawrence with great visibility and signage. Plus, you would be in...
  My board is not able to enter my language because they said they need a class number...? My language is American Sign Language....
 Wishing that I had a car appropriate for doughnuts right now...is that immature? 
 RT  Owners, Renters Agree: Owning a Home is a Smart Decision  
 Those of you worried that your cell phone MIGHT be out there for everyone, NOT TO WORRY.  Here's the real deal.  
 Cell phones went public to telemarketers last month! Here's the link to the "No Call List"  
 Impressed with this video. Helps people through the saving process to buy a home...or anything!   
  Looking for info on adding the languages I speak to my profile on your site.  Profiles
 Congress extends tax deductibility of 
   TEMPTING!
  OMG.  The media has been alerted.
 the things you never knew you had (or wanted) while cleaning out ones garage.  
 Trying to keep sickness away today but HyVee's chicken noodle soup is not quite the same as Campbell's. 
  I might know someone who can help you with that...;). How much are you asking for rent?
  got it! garber.holly :)
 For Sale: 4BR/4BA Single Family House in Lawrence, KS, $374,900 -  Dang, I love this house.
   - Not I said the Brown Cow.
 Can't get juno to let me on to check my email for the last 9 days. Thoughts/suggestions?
