  do you use google calendar on an i Ph0ne? If so, web based?
 I have narrowed it down & it's new items in ical on my phone aren't going to the cloud. Ideas?
  not yet....
 ical isn't syncing with my laptop and my phone. Things I have entered on my phone aren't showing up on my laptop. Boo! Used to work. hmmm
  glad it worked.
  try rubbing alcohol or finger nail polish remover
  not sure if one is better but I use FF
  missed you in PCB this week. Our kids asked where's lanny??? Amazing week! God was moving big time.
 Amazing week at  God moved in BIG ways!!!!
 Headed home from  So glad we are on a bus and not having to drive vans. :)
 Glad daytona is rockin w/crowder, but PCB is doing the same w/the  band. They are rocking the house for Jesus!!! Awesome night!
  what is the app Casey was singing with on the iPod to change his voice?!? 
 Another iband picture from   
 iBand on stage at  Rocking the house! 
   what app are you using to sing into the iPod? 
 Seeing the northpoint iband LIVE at  Awesome!   
  thank you for the great worship this week at  Appreciate you sharing your talent and heart with our students
 Dinner at Pier Park before  evening worship.
 RT  I'm giving a preso on using Skype in the Classroom. Please tell us how you've used Skype in your classroom.  ...
  we connected with an author of book class was reading, compared weather and customs with other classes from around us and world
 I don't know where I am going, I just know the One I am following. -Jared Herd 
 On the beach. :)
 Hello beach! I've missed you! ;) 
 Love seeing youth worship!  video:  
  11 opening session!!! 
  yes, I agree but he lives in another part of the state 7 hrs away. :( I can stay in touch tho. Thx 4 your prayers.
  thanks. His name is Jason. Brother is stephen.
  thank you. Poor boy watched his dad suffer from Alzheimer's since he was 8. He passed away a few years ago & now lost his mom
  thank you.
 A former youth (now adult) lost his mom to cancer today. We are on a youth trip & will miss the funeral. So sad I can't be there for him.
 Just turned 3G on for my iPad. About to watch a movie on Netflix on the bus on the youth trip. :)
 Watching To Save a Life on the bus to  So much better than driving! :)
  awesome!
 On a bus with 48 youth and adults from  headed to panama city beach for   camp. It's going to be great!!!
  I'll have to look for him on stage. Isn't that the church with your school?
 Can't sleep & I have to be up in three & a half hours to go on a youth trip. Good thing I am not driving! So glad we have a bus this year.
 Packing for the  trip I'm going on tomorrow thru Thursday.  at Panama city beach! It's going to be great!
  I bought goldfish, granola bars,pop chips, pretzel mms for our room. Bring snacks if u want.
  glad to see you survived the hp marathon! See you later!!!
  congrats!!!! Such a little cutie!
 RT  In case you missed it. Wired Magazine: "How Khan Academy is Changing the Rules of Education"   ...
  thx. Won't work at school. :(
 Is the soccer game online to watch anywhere???
 They caught the black hear wandering around Lakeland, TN (near Memphis) and are taking it to the smokey mountains.
  reassuring to know others feel this way. Thx
  thanks!
  good to know it's not just me. :) thx
  thanks.
  thanks. They can be sweet, I see it, just not as much as the bickering. I know they love each other.
  thank you. :)
  yes, they lose things they enjoy as consequence.
  my husband wants to know who or what Jarvis Greer always points at during the end of sports...
 Is it just me or does Brian Wilson "fear the beard" look like michael Scott in a bad Halloween costume? 
  thinking of you. I totally admire you and what a good dad you are. The kids are blessed to have u as their dad.
  ha ha! I know it could always be much worse!
  they both went to a camp at my school today while I worked. Going back tmrw.Don't think they hang out together so was good 4 all
 My 9 y/o and 5 y/o are arguing all the time. Very frustrating because I feel like I'm on them all the time. Feel like a terrible parent. :(
 Working in school library again tomorrow. I WILL get the fiction section organized! :) harder than I thought! All scanned into inventory tho
  happy birthday!
  going to doc on Thursday. Thx for your replies. :)
    women's USA soccer is on tomorrow! Go USA!
 RT  40 Google Plus Tips for Newbies      via   ...
 They spotted a black bear off the main road near my neighborhood. Strange for living right outside Memphis!
  ha ha ha! Hilarious!
  thanks. Hope you are better!
 Signed up for a women's beginning runner group. Wishing it was a different time of year. Running in 110 heat index won't be fun. :0
 RT  October 12th is Mobile MeetUp at UofM. Please RT:  via  <<    ...
  WORK??!!??  :) Just kidding! Glad you had a good day!
 Things not to do when you aren't feeling well: put your symptoms into WebMD.  Geez!
  if u don't mind, what were your symptoms?
 wow! 8:00 in Memphis and the heat index is down to 102 degrees. :O
  took my blood pressure and it was normal, so I'm thinking if it was heart issue, BP would be up...wouldn't ya think?
  sounds good. Maybe he could come swimming with us at my sister's one day (or y'all all can come). She lives in lakeland too
  my son is in 4th. :)
  ha ha! Yeah. 
 Can chest pains be in your back? Stupid question, I know.
 It's Football Time in TN! (192/365) 
 Over 5000 books scanned today at library inventory. Only 15,000 more to go! ;)
 Spending some of today at our school library helping with inventory. First time for me, my librarian friend is coming to do it for us. :)
  no. No worries! :) what grade is he in this year?
  didn't form. :( not enough kids
 RT  Best Books for  (Reluctant or Otherwise)    Blogging on reluctant reader ...
 RT  Good info “  An HTML5 version for the iPad is in the development phase - look out for Glogster Mobile la ...
  just so you know, teachers can use the workout room with treadmills and the upstairs track in the gym at the church/school
  love those movies.
   ha ha! I just thought in my head when I read his tweet, what are pf flyers? :)
  good story. In my experience, so many times homeless people just really want to be treated nicely and people to talk to them.
  he's a great hubby all around! Plans trips early to grab employee rate at hotels,helps us be able to go places for vacations.
 My husband is so great! He is already planning our vacation for next summer. Wants to get the best hotels (he works for Hilton)
 RT  RT  5 Ways to Get Boys to Read 
  I've had yoplait FF key lime, need to try the Greek. Thanks! :)
  I bet that is better than the yogurt. ;)
  thanks. Will watch it. :)
 It's too hot!!! 
  did you go to a doctor?
 RT  Share a specific moment in a YouTube clip > click SHARE and select START AT: and the time you want the clip to begin
 Now I have a red bump like a mosquito bite where I removed the tick on my stomach Friday night. hope that isn't a bad sign. :0
 Haircut! (191/365) 
  trivia Tuesday?
 Lizard visitor (190/365) 
 RT  Amazed that a whole school got behind this lipdub for teachers: 
  no rush! Y'all have a great night!!!
  tell mem I want that cobbler recipe. :)
  yeah we thought it was cute
  cute movie. Maybe a renter but it made us laugh.
 Going to see Zookeeper. Hope it's good.
   hooray! See you then!
 Left iph0ne outside on back patio table in the sun. When I found it, temperature screen was on w/no service. SO GLAD it works after cooling
  Sorry, wrong user name.
      trivia Tuesday? :)
 RT  How to get the most out of Google+ on your Mac and iOS devices 
  happy to share!
 I found a tick on my stomach tonight. Lone star tick. Yuk! Hope it doesn't have disease!
 So I have plus 1'd a couple of things in google+ & when I go 2 my profile & click +1,there is nothing there.Does this feature work 4 others?
 RT   I'm on my way.  ~ the Tooth Fairy // Can't wait to show my 9 year old this tweet! He lost a tooth today !
 RT  “ Parents & teachers of Claremont Preparatory School flashmob their kids:  Fantastic!
 out of google+ invites....I'll post if I have more any time soon.
  dental school nearby? My dad had a lot of good work done at the one near him.
  ha ha! Been there done that.
  dm me your email address and I will send you an invite
 New Teacher Boot Camp...still time to get the word out for this 5 week PD. Registration closes Friday July 15!  
  Happy to share! :)
 I have google+ invites if you need one, DM me your email address.
  Made me laugh it happened so fast. Can already see a good part of the adult tooth. Crazy!
  They are really tasty! Thanks!
 Lost a Tooth (189/365) 
 Happy Cow Appreciation Day! (188/365) 
 Fun picking blueberries! (187/365) 
 The Gang's All Here (186/365) 
 And the Real Kids show up.... (185/365) 
 Sweet Kiddos (184/365) 
 My 9 year old came in 5 min ago to tell me he had a loose tooth & it was bleeding.Now the tooth is out-he pulled it.Fastest lost tooth ever!
 Family on the Beach (183/365) 
 Like Father, Like Son (182/365) 
 Riding the Waves (181/365) 
 Jumping the Waves (180/365) 
 Riding the Waves (181/365) 
 Jumping the Waves (180/365) 
 about to catch up on our photo of the day....here come the photo tweets...
  ha ha, thanks! We were just a few of the ones NOT dressed like cows for free food, but had fun anyway. :)
 Happy cow appreciation day! 
  thank you for the    Have a great weekend!
  that's funny!
  ha ha! Getting old?!? Have a wonderful trip! Can't wait to see pics and hear all about it!
  thanks! I use it and guess I haven't taken the time to notice! Whoops!
  guess we won't see you before then. Have a safe, great trip. How was last night?
  congratulations!!!!
 Just saw a preview of Surprise Homecoming show on TLC. Already need the Kleenex! Troops coming home to family-such happiness!
 Is there a twitter client that will sync your columns (searches) btwn ip ip0d, and laptop?
  when do you leave?
 RT  No matter how important you think you are bow your head. - Francis Chan 
 So glad 2 hear my friend, Melisa's MRI was CLEAR today. :) thank u 2 those who prayed!Pray now for her vision to return! God is great!
  we think alike. :)
  how old is Trent? When Caleb gets a phone, he won't have it all night in his room. Same with other technology.
  amen! It's driving me crazy and it isn't my kid. ;)
 My 4th grade son has a friend over & he is texting & calling girls &friends. Not sure I'm ready 4 that 2 start.Glad mine doesn't do that yet
 RT  Love Word Clouds? Don't miss another FREE  &  Webinar:   
  do you like zumba for wii? Didn't know they made that.
  impressed with all the twitter and FB posts. :)
 Nothing like nerf gun wars in a dark house with the kids!
  we aren't going tonight now. Don't have a sitter and the kids aren't crazy abt skating. Caleb has a friend spending the night
 Worth watching! awesome story from Today show about janitor who won millions and kept his job & is helping kids! 
 Memphis Police Officer shot & killed Mon. night. Now Mphs City Council is considering changing the 4+% paycut 4 city workers. GOOD-no cuts!
 RT  Apple opens a “Teachers” section on iTunes Appstore 
 facebook's "something awesome" is calling via skype from within facebook. Facebook blog: 
  yes. Are you going?
 great story on Today show about a High school janitor who won 3.4 million in the lottery & he still works at the school & helps students
  and our humidity is around 90% which makes it feel hotter.
  if you are bringing your kids, we have a nice zoo, but it's super hot here. :) lived here all my life.
 Facebook plans "something awesome". Announcement today at 1pm EST. Interesting.
 RT  You make a living by what you get. You make a life by what you give.
  yes, just heard it at the end of broadcast
   if you want BBQ, go to rendezvous for ribs. It's downtown near Peabody hotel
 RT  Very valuable resource: Prezi MANUAL! 
  my friend made that for our 4th party. It is yummy!
 RT  If you are looking for a google wonder wheel alternative, try  Formerly the search engine known as clusty.
 Cutting the grass. :(
 Working in our library next week doing inventory. Anyone use Alexandria & have any tips or directions? :) thanks! 1st time 4 me doing inven.
  sent you an invite, but it's been backed up so you may not get it for a day or so. Couldn't DM you back, not following me.
 Our city had a fireworks show we went to last night. Watching Boston fireworks with my daughter on tv & also watching neighbors show outside
  if you still need one dm me you gmail address
  be safe!!!!
  just sent it, but the last few I sent took over a day to receive.
  send me your gmail and I will send you an invite. Takes a day or so though
  I need your gmail address to send you an invite. It may be open for everyone now though.
  saw this on twitter. Google Plus is now open 2 everyone, no need 4 invites.Just go 2 google.com/+ & sign in with your account.
 RT  Google Plus is now open to everyone, no need for invites. Just go to  and sign in with your account.
 Great day with family and friends and fireworks on the lake. :)
  glad u received it. Thought I was doing something wrong but they don't send right away. Happy to share! hope u have a nice 4th
 Fireworks grand finale 
 Boat parade before the fireworks in Lakeland, TN  
  hooray!
  yeah. I like giving them time to sign but not sure how many of our teachers give them time to do it.
 RT  Heartsong Celebrations - heartsonglive 
  thanks
 I must be doing google+ invites wrong. Frustrated. :0
  most our ours go to one school. Others that aren't there and ones that moved, we mail theirs. Makes yearbook more complete
 RT  Technology position openings at Presbyterian Day School in Memphis. 
 Our school uses gmail with our domain name. Wondering how that will work with Google+. Signed up with my gmail acct, not school. hmmm
 dogs and fireworks do not mix well. My neighbors are shooting fireworks and my dog is going CRAZY!
  hand out the previous year in late August. That way we can include field day, graduation, end of year dinner, banquet, etc
 Yearbook finished on time & will be a late August delivery. Excited 2 C the finished product. :) Now 2 come up with a theme 4 this  year.
  ooooh....didn't think of that. Should be interesting to see what changes they make.
 I like how Google+ lets you edit a post if there is an error rather than delete it and repost. :)
 is there an ed tech list of people's google+ names?  
 Trying to set up a PLN circle in Google+...not sure I know exactly how to do it yet.
 while checking out Google+, my 9 year old son says, "Hey, it's like Facebook." Such a smart, techie kid! :)
 Home sweet home after a nice vacation at the beach.
 Lunch at mugshots in starksville on the way home
 It's such a waste when songs have a great beat, but inappropriate lyrics. :(
  thanks!
  thanks!
 On the road home from the beach. Had a wonderful vacation!
 Enjoying our last day at the beach. I think I could stay here all summer!!
 Fun at the bay! Tubing video 
  thanks for the google+. :)
  I'd like a google+ if you don't mind. I'm cindybrock1 at gmail dot com. :)
 RT  We gotta stop talking about technology. It needs to be like oxygen: it just exists and we use it automatically   ...
 Morning at the beach, now a little shopping before making fresh fish tacos for the house tonight. Glad the guys caught fish yesterday! :)
 Looking for a recipe for Asian slaw to put on fish tacos. Anyone have a good (easy) one?
  gulf shores Alabama. Smoke has moved our way with the storm and it smells tonight. Fire is a good ways away though.
 Beach Storm and Smoke 
 Hoping my husband and his buddies catch lots of fish today out fishing on the ocean!
 RT  We need to see every child having gifts, not cookie cutting them w/ test scores, assessments, drill/kill, more scores  ...
 RT  Seeing kids as test scores is "identity theft" - WOW - that is POWERFUL 
  can you show me that dance in a Jesus is Lord tshirt? ;) So glad you are here with us.
 My cutie happy about her hair wrap and loving vacation.  
 Enjoyed cars 2 with the family. Now for an evening on the beach. :)
 Cars 2 (178/365) 
 Eating lunch at sea and suds in gulf shores then taking the kiddos to see Cars 2.
 RT  RT  Our Everyday Math apps for the iPhone/iPad r available FREE throughout  away! http ...
 RT  giving students an audience allows digital portfolios to come full circle, especially for 21st century learners   ...
  many thanks! :)
  is there a link to scratch presentation resources? 
 RT  anyone can learn from anyone else if you know how to connect and engage in meaningful connections  
 Up early. Reading & favoriting through tweets from  before hitting the beach this morning.
 Impressed w/my son's teacher,  who mailed a fathers day gift he made 2 my husband & just emailed son abt his summer math progress
 Great day at the beach! Love our beach vacation with close friends. Blessed!
 Baseball on the Beach (177/365) 
 Sunset at the beach (176/365) 
 Hanging out on the deck (175/365) 
 Kite Fun on the Beach 
 Home sweet home for the next week!!! Love the beach!  
  I totally thought you were kidding. That is funny!
     be safe! Are y'all following anyone? See you this afternoon!
  I read you post. I'm thinking the same thing that I'm missing being there but family headed to the beach so, happy abt that
   hooray!!! Took me abt 6 months to build my PLN where I really started to get twitter, but now think it's priceless.
  I try to be too. Not easy sometimes ;)
  looking forward to collaborating. You'll love twitter! I didn't get it at first but think it's beat web 2.0 tool out there now
   welcome to twitter! Neat that you signed up at the airport. :)
 SEC representing in the  !!!
 RT  Put God 1st in your life, then fit all else around Him.  Doesn't work when we fill our life up & put God in the leftover ...
 Hubby booked our tickets to NYC this week! We will be there for thanksgiving. Macy's parade here we come!!! Kids are excited!
  have a safe trip! Our car is PACKED too!!!
     ha. Words with pirates.....would be interesting!
 Well I'm in the car again. Words with friends or hanging with friends peeps, let's play!! I'm cbrock16  :)
 Must admit I have some  envy. 
  thank you!!
  drive safely!
 Things I have to do today: laundry, clean house, finish packing, and maybe a massage for my back that has been hurting if there is time.
 RT  PDS science teacher Kim Bullard wins Inspired Educator Award by St. Jude's at their Global Summit. 
 Hate I'm not going 2  but makes it better that I will B on the beach all next week! Looking forward 2 attending virtually when I can
  yeah....keeping mine too but sure wish it played flash. :)
 Just saw the bl pl commercial advertising it has Flash. Nice ad and great selling point (as much as I love  products)
 RT   check out Flight Plan, a book for boys giving them a vision for what it means to be a godly man www.the ...
  you're lucky it's summer time! We could have celebrated BIG!!!
  Happy birthday!!! Isn't this a big one?
  thanks! :)
 HOORAY!!! The 2010-2011 PDS Yearbook is finally complete & I made the deadline! Can't wait to see it in print in August or Sept!  WOO HOO!
 Love/Hate Relationship (173/365) 
  love animoto. Free accounts for teachers, too!
 just sent my proofreader the last 3 spreads of the yearbook....final deadline is tomorrow and looks like I'm going to make it on time! :)
  Thanks!!!
   just emailed you....need some help with the yearbook telling me who 2 kids are please!!!
  thank you so much. I post more during the school year so dot give up on me. ;)
 Kindergarten (172/365) 
 3 spreads left and the yearbook is finished.....SO EXCITED!!!  Working, working, working!
 Haircut!!! (171/365) 
 My two guys (170/365) 
 RT  Great way to start Summer Adventures Day Camp   //gotta love the rock wall!!!
  no fever this morning. Thanks. :)
  yea! Glad to share!!
 RT  RT  More than 3,500 videos for teachers available for all subjects and grade levels; superb resource. . ...
  so sorry to hear that.  It's so hard to lose a pet. 15 years was a long life.  She's lucky you adopted her!
 Enjoyed the day with my dad, sister, my husband and kids...swimming and boating. Now my hubby has a fever. Boo! Other than that, great day!
  happy fathers day. :)
 Watching Tommy Boy....forgot how funny this movie is and it really makes me laugh!!! "Brothers don't shake hands...brothers gotta hug!"
 Ouch! Strawberry! (169/365) 
 Family Shot (168/365) 
  congratulations on becoming ordained! So proud of you!
 fun afternoon with the family at my sister's pool....going back tomorrow for Father's day. :)
  ha ha! yeah...they are my cause of lack of sleep and stress a lot of the time. ;)
 watching a show on staying young. 2 major agers they have mentioned so far: lack of sleep and stress...UH OH! ;)
 7 days until I'm sitting on the beach....so happy! Now, to get the school yearbook finished before we leave.
  Not sure about apps, but on twitter homepage, click lists and select create new list.
  I have diigo & delicious linked. Use  to add favorited tweets to delicious then they will be in your diigo
  yes, my favorites are out of control. I do I've it set that if there is a link when I favorite a tweet, it adds it to my diigo.
 A few things I hope to do this summer: 1. clear out twitter favorites & 2. Create lists of tchrs on twitter by grade levels to share w/tchrs
  My pleasure! So glad you and your wife could make it! Enjoyed your session. Hope to see you F2F again someday! :)
  We had those here later last night.  Glad y'all made it ok!!! Those were no fun!
  Glad you made it home safely! :)
 I wish I could sleep as soundly as my kids and my dog....geez....they SACK OUT! Miss being able to sleep that hard!
  Thanks for the  :)
  ha ha! LOVE the y'all!!!! :) Safe travels to you!
 RT  If you were at  and have just started your Twitter network let me know and I will help you to get going Pls RT
  glad to help. Thanks for the 
  also  and  are 2nd grade
  2nd grade tchr from my school is 
  almost tweeted u sorry if I was obnoxious abt birthday today, but I know u always say stop saying sorry,so thanks 4 the bday wishes
  thanks!!!!! :)
  ha ha!!!!
  great stuff at  Hope you can make it next summer. :)
 Birthday cake (167/365) 
  pretty sure it was  's web 2.0 session that gave you the shoutout in her session today.
  thanks for the mention!!! :)
 hilarious that people are happy when people aren't here when they call a door prize winner! 
  Remember the Wiki with presentations from the conference! 
  Thanks for hosting the 
 RT   Greatest thing in Memphis THE MARTIN INSTITUTE!
 RT  Thank you Brad Martin and family for funding for the Martin Institute! 
 If you are at the conference, tweet with  hashtag to win a doorprize!!!//Great way to get people on twitter!!!
 If you are at the conference, tweet with  hashtag to win a doorprize!!!
 RT  RT   and links from presenters and speakers- 
 people are sharing what they will be doing next year in their classrooms differently. Encouraging! 
 RT   a huge success! kudos    & everyone else involved!//agreed!! Thanks everyone!
  getting the shout out from stage on how helpful he is on twitter! I agree! 
 Notes from  's keynote at  today. 
  was in a session today at  and presenter gave you a shout-out on your great livebinders and blog!!!  WOO HOO!
  What does it mean to be well educated in the 21st C?How has your thinking changed during this confer… (cont) 
  's interesting ways site   
  's interesting ways site 
    Conference wiki
 sorry, here's the right link for the SW airline flight attendant rap.    
 RT    awesome pres on literacy & Web 2.0  //go AMANDA!
  keynote notes here:   If you are here, notes are now collaborative....type away! :) 
  keynote my live notes are here:  
  enjoyed your session today. Thanks for presenting! 
  enjoyed your session today. Thanks for presenting! 
 Mark your calendar now for next year's conference! June 13-14, 2012, Memphis, TN. 
 Final Keynote at  Ready to hear 
 Notes from Useful Websites for Teachers session at  
 Useful websites session has sites listed on this blogpost:    
 Great site for teaching history.    
 EdHeads is a great site for science.   
 Cool site:  
 Cool site: 
 Useful Websites for Teachers session notes here:    
 notes from Upgrade to Web 2.0 tools:   
 in Upgrade to web 2.0 session at  notes here: 
  HA HA! Great!
  shout out to a great tech helper at the conference.  thanks!!
 some teachers at  's school have online office hours using typewithme, twitter, skype, etc. Great idea!  
  really enjoyed your session. Thanks for sharing! 
 students still have fun in snow...physics tchrs say go build the best snow fort..what makes it so strong? 
 Snow days elearning:  's school says "The Campus is closed" not, no school tomorrow. Tchrs post online assignments. 
 FREE ebooks by Project Gutenberg  
 Free audio books  
 FREE ebooks by Project Gutenberg   
 great links for e-learning.   
 learning a lot about e-books and how to get it started in your school in  's session. 
 New blog post: Robotics using Lego Mindstorms presentation 
 Sad most e-book publishers aren't constantly updating their books. Also, the e-books should be cheaper than buying the books.  
  yes, they did a great job! 
 Conference wiki...lots of presentation notes and slides are posted on the links on these pages!   
  sooooo cute!
 In "Having the Courage to Use Cross Curricular Projects" session at 
  thank you!
  ha ha!! thank you!
 Presenters, please remember to upload your presentation or handouts to the  wiki. 
 RT  Devon "95% of the time I am wondering 'Why am I doing this without technology?" 
 RT  Senseaware is the newest technology  - temperature, light, gps tracking, notifications, etc for individual pack ...
  Thanks! Nice to visit with you this morning! Safe travels home today.
  total shocker to me. I thought it was someone important's birthday and we shared the date. ha ha!!!
  Thanks! :)
 Great Article about the Martin Institute in Memphis' Commercial Appeal today.  
 Listening to Rob Carter, Exec. VP, Information Services, CIO of FedEx, talk abt Changing What's Possible...Seeking the Edge at 
 Google has a birthday logo on it...when I hovered over it, it said, Happy Birthday Cindy. So neat that they do that if you are logged in!
 RT  Good things happening in education in the midsouth:  
  thanks so much!!!
 It's Bill Nye (166/365) 
  smiling by Bill Nye  
 Bill Nye at   
 RT  "The way to have a good idea is to have a lot if ideas." Bill Nye at 
   great picture!!
 RT  Free app at  Auto Old your ears please RT 
  presenters, don't forget to upload session materials to the conf wiki.  
     will do! I'm running around as part of the tech help team. :)
  so blessed to work   's vision for learning, our school, and community is amazing.
  it's started! Looking forward to a great 2 days!
 Game Time (165/365) 
   way to go on the directions, Melissa!!
  approved! See you tomorrow! :)
 RT   begins tomorrow. Keynotes include Bill Nye, TN Governor Bill Haslam, U. of Memphis President Shirley Raines. htt ...
 Martin Institute Conference Wiki.Presenters can  upload presentations here. Will be a helpful resource.   
 Martin Institute Summer Conference program...great line up!  Tomorrow and Thursday in Memphis.  
  hi from Memphis, TN. I live the collaboration twitter gives and quick sharing of ideas.  tool in my opinion!
 RT  RT  Teaching Twitter to a group of new teachers! Please RT, reply with where you are and why you like twitter.  ...
 Sports talk radio has been on a lot of our trip home.So tired of hearing about LeBron James...geez....quit giving him air time and move on!!
  you are going to do great things with your life. I have no doubt. Jeremiah 29:11. <3
  I don't think so this conference. Sorry!
 Just watched chopped & they guy who won gave the lady he beat the prize so she could go visit her grandmother. Wow! a nice act of kindness
 RT  We present the  Schedule with all the Webinar Links!!! Thanks to  
 Yeah! I just got one of the first  accounts in the U.S. Sign up for an invite here to get Spotify for free: 
  yea!!! We have time for trivia before you leave. Have to see you to say bye! Hope you've had a good summer!
  how secure is that app? Asking for LOTS of permission to post to wall and stuff. Is that what you post or they can post stuff?
  when are you home from camp and when do you leave for NYC?
 Just finished training with memphis women's beginning runner group. Glad to have friends there. Did better than I thought. :)
  do you use google calendar on an i Ph0ne? If so, web based?
 I have narrowed it down & it's new items in ical on my phone aren't going to the cloud. Ideas?
  not yet....
 ical isn't syncing with my laptop and my phone. Things I have entered on my phone aren't showing up on my laptop. Boo! Used to work. hmmm
  glad it worked.
  try rubbing alcohol or finger nail polish remover
  not sure if one is better but I use FF
  missed you in PCB this week. Our kids asked where's lanny??? Amazing week! God was moving big time.
 Amazing week at  God moved in BIG ways!!!!
 Headed home from  So glad we are on a bus and not having to drive vans. :)
 Glad daytona is rockin w/crowder, but PCB is doing the same w/the  band. They are rocking the house for Jesus!!! Awesome night!
  what is the app Casey was singing with on the iPod to change his voice?!? 
 Another iband picture from   
 RT  And if ur interested in free & effective tech integration being modeled by teachers check out   http:// ...
 Just watched chopped & they guy who won gave the lady he beat the prize so she could go visit her grandmother. Wow! a nice act of kindness
 RT  We present the  Schedule with all the Webinar Links!!! Thanks to  
 Yeah! I just got one of the first  accounts in the U.S. Sign up for an invite here to get Spotify for free: 
  yea!!! We have time for trivia before you leave. Have to see you to say bye! Hope you've had a good summer!
  how secure is that app? Asking for LOTS of permission to post to wall and stuff. Is that what you post or they can post stuff?
  when are you home from camp and when do you leave for NYC?
 Just finished training with memphis women's beginning runner group. Glad to have friends there. Did better than I thought. :)
  do you use google calendar on an i Ph0ne? If so, web based?
 I have narrowed it down & it's new items in ical on my phone aren't going to the cloud. Ideas?
  not yet....
 ical isn't syncing with my laptop and my phone. Things I have entered on my phone aren't showing up on my laptop. Boo! Used to work. hmmm
  glad it worked.
  try rubbing alcohol or finger nail polish remover
  not sure if one is better but I use FF
  missed you in PCB this week. Our kids asked where's lanny??? Amazing week! God was moving big time.
 Amazing week at  God moved in BIG ways!!!!
 Headed home from  So glad we are on a bus and not having to drive vans. :)
 Glad daytona is rockin w/crowder, but PCB is doing the same w/the  band. They are rocking the house for Jesus!!! Awesome night!
  what is the app Casey was singing with on the iPod to change his voice?!? 
