 Eliza Parker Sale: Take 25% Off - 
  Thanks Kerry! Happy Weekend xoxo
  Happy Friday! xoxo
 Stay Cool and Look Chic in Our Summer Dresses - 
  Us too! xoxo
 Are suit jackets a staple in your wardrobe or only for interviews?
  Thank you!!! xoxo
  pls email media and we'll forward to the right person! thanks!
 The New Portofino Dress: Effortlessly Gorgeous by Day or by Night - 
 We just released our Portofino dress! Pre-order it today and save 25% during our sale (code: Happy25). 
  Thanks!! xoxox
 Just posted new dress! Now taking pre-orders on the Portofino.  
 What's your favorite skirt silhouette? Full skirt, A-line, Pencil?
  P.S. we just put the a line skirt on pre-order after being sold out for the past 2 months.  
  Thanks, Lilli!! You have been such an amazing friend this year! We couldn't have done it without you! xoxo
  thank you!! xoxo
 It's the anniversary of our launch! Thank you for being part of this magical year! Celebrate w 25% off at ElizaParker.com. Code:Happy25.
 Celebrate Our Anniversary with 25% Off - 
  Thanks :)
  Thanks! Happy Weekend!
  Happy Weekend! xoxo
   usually takes 1 week to 10 days to get to Australia. Save 15% today w code: beach15. Happy shopping!
 A Sensational Dress for Summer - 
 thanks  we heart  and loved watching her on the voice.
 Currently taking pre-orders on your favorite dress -- the Bordeaux.  Order now and save 15% with code: Beach15. 
  So happy you are enjoying the Bordeaux dress! xoxo
  Happy you love Venice!! Sorry Bordeaux didn't work out. Happy to do refund or exchange! Just email: returns
 Last day to save 20% on dresses at Eliza Parker. Code: Dress20 at checkout. Happy Weekend and Happy Shopping!
 Save 20% on Dresses for 2 Days Only + $15 International Shipping - 
 Hey International Friends! Save big on shipping today and tomorrow at Eliza Parker. Just $15 anywhere in the world. No minimums!
 Don't forget to save 20% off dresses and $15 International Shipping at Eliza Parker! Code: Dress20.
 Eliza Parker 2 day sale starts now: 20% off dresses and $15 International Shipping! Code: Dress20.
  Love pink & purple -- magenta is a favorite around here.
 A new version of the Santorini dress is coming. What colors do u want? Turquoise, Plum, Magenta, Something else? 
  Happy Friday! xoxo
 New Blog Post: Nantucket on 3, plus baby. 
 New blog post featuring the Ballerina Top 2 Ways: 
 The Miami dress is back in 3 new colors!   
  Thanks! If you need help shopping or have any questions, please let me know! xoxo
   Hope you do try us out! You can save 15% now with code: Wave15. For sizing, if in doubt, order down.
  Great feedback! Thank you!
  Good point! Shrug would be sold separately.
  We are the opposite -- almost all of our dresses have sleeves!
 Should a sleeveless dress be sold with a coordinating arm covering like a shrug or bolero?
  Thank you! you too!
  Thanks! Happy Friday! xoxo
   We'd love to be included in fall feature! DM us for details. xoxo
 Don't forget to save 25% off at ElizaParker.com today & this weekend during our Memorial Day Sale! Use code: Fresh25.
 Sale starts now: 25% off for Memorial Day - 
  great!
 Getting emotionally prepared to watch last Oprah. Tissues will be critical.
  would love to grab coffee -- I am around this weekend! LMK what works for you.
  The Ad is a friendly reminder that you visited our site. It's re-targeting via Adroll.
 RT  Running late this morning. Slightly down in the mouth, so wearing my new  skirt which makes me feel gorgeous! Twirl ...
 We are *nearly* sold out of the Nantucket dresses. If you want a shirt dress for summer, now is the time to buy! 
 Calling all Eliza Parker customers: If you haven't yet, please write a product review for your latest purchase at elizaparker.com. xoxo
  Thanks! Happy Friday! xoxo
  Happy Friday! xoxo
 RT         
 Look Smart for Summer - 
 New Blog Post: 
  Stunning! Such Beauty and Talent!
  Seriously! It's every A-lister from movies, music, sports. Bigger than the Oscars. Can't wait!
 Happy Birthday and CONGRATULATIONS  xoxo
  Thanks! xoox
 Which dress do you want us to bring back for summer? Miami or Santorini? 
 Get ready for glamour - 
  Thanks! We try to be real women friendly. xoxo
 If this is what "fat" looks like, then I don't want to be thin! Love you Liz Taylor 
  LOL! I'm happy it fits!! Hope you Love the Bordeaux -- shipping next week! xoxo
  The skirt waist band runs a bit small since it should sit high on waist just under bust. the dress you ordered should fit just fine.
 Thanks!  Great Blog!
 Hi  do you want to exchange for dif size? Happy to help!
  Happy Friday! xoxo
 Thanks for the feedback! xoxo    
 Agreed! 
 How do you feel about maxi dresses? Critical to your wardrobe? A must for summer? Not your thing?
 Thank you!  FYI -- everyone can save 10% this week at elizaparker.com with code Sun10. 
 RT  Impressed by these   I met in  - check them out:     
 LOL! Glad you got it fast! Hope you love it! 
   Saw pics on Facebook -- GORGEOUS!!! xoxo
 I'm sure   looked amazing last night with the help of  incredible styling! Can't wait to see pics! xoxo
  Send pics!!! Xoxo
 RT  My client  will be walking the red carpet tonight for the New England Urban Music Award in  ...
  happy friday! xoxo
 Hope you LOVE your new dress!   is a very GOOD influence! xoxo
   We had SUCH a great time in Indy -- Loved everyone we met! Hope to make it an annual tradition!
 Thanks! Happy you like the new dress! It's just as lovely as the Monaco! 
 Check out my latest royal wedding blog post -- the head piece is a bit ridiculous, but hopefully you'll like the dress :) 
 Save 25% on everything for 2 days only - 
 How about a mothers day/ royal wedding promo? Get 25% off at ElizaParker.com til 4/30 with code: April25. Happy Shopping!
 Can I just say how sensational  looks in the ballerina top today?! 
 What do you think of the new Andorra Dress? 
 Thanks for including us! xoxo 
 Continuing the wedding theme: Check out our latest blog post featuring style ideas for wedding guests. 
  woops! meant to say: hope you LOVE everything! Ha!
  Yay! I hope you everything! Got the note on the belt --  we are totally sold out, but if anything changes,i'll let you know! xoxo
  let us know if you need help shopping! and don't forget to save 15% w code fresh15! xoxo
 Just looked it up! Sounds like it's a UK superstition.  Hopefully no one will wear green at the royal wedding :) 
 i have heard black and white before -- but why not green? 
 Oh dear! Sounds like the bride has a lifetime of Mother-in-law challenges ahead of her! 
 Probably depends on the bride and groom, too! 
 Agreed! 
 Are there any dress colors that are off limits for a wedding guest? Black, White, Red? Or is anything and everything on the table?
 Who's shopping for an upcoming wedding? Is it a black tie affair, a casual afternoon event, or something in between?
 New blog post alert: 
 Me too!! Comfortable, No VPL, Can look cute!  
 Love this blog post (via   Who loves Granny Panties?
 Say Hello to New Dresses - 
  ;) Thank you!! xoxo
  Hey doll! Doing great! How are you? xoxoxo
  love your work!! gorgeous photography! Let's stay in touch! xoxo
  Thanks!! Happy Friday!
  Happy Friday! xoxo
 Monaco dress is almost sold out. We won't be able to make this dress again so this is the last chance to buy it!
 Super excited that Eliza Parker is in Real Simple's May issue! 
 Check out the new dress that we will be releasing next week. 
 Don't forget to save 15% this weekend at ElizaParker.com with coupon code: BlueSky15
  Best wishes for an amazing event!
  absolutely agree!
  Love silver and navy combo -- also love the idea of champagne colored shoes.
  I always wear black, but trying to change it up a little bit.... especially for spring/summer
  I agree! Still easy to accessorize, too.
 What are your feelings on navy cocktail dresses? Always chic, not your style, or black is better?
  Can't go wrong with a 3/4 sleeve! Chic on every shape.
  Such a good look!
  A classic blazer is such a key wardrobe staple!
  me too!
 Do you prefer bare arms always, sleeves in every season, or shawls and cardigans for cover-up?
 Get 20% off of the chic Ballerina Top this weekend with code: Ballerina20. 
 Meet Korey, the Mayor & the Million Ways  
 Happy weekend! Just added 2 Bordeaux dresses in 18/20 into inventory.  This is it for a while so get them while you can! xoxo
 Spring Loves Colorful Cardigans - 
 Blog post 2 on Mid West Fashion Week: 
 First blog post on MidWest Fashion Week... More to come! 
  Thanks!! Happy Friday!
 Check it out! 
  So good to meet you, Angela! Thanks for coming to the event!
 Looking forward to seeing everyone at the Indy shopping event tomorrow! xoxo
  Thanks! Hope to catch you sometime in Dallas!
  Awesome. Make sure to register for tickets (they are free)!
   Wahoo! Hope to see you there!
 Calling all our friends in Indianapolis! Don't forget to RSVP for our shopping event 3/17. Details: )
  Great post! Love it! xoxo
 RT  New shopping post featuring some of my favorite vibrant separates from   on Lips Hips & FATshion Tips! http ...
 Looking for a new business chic look? 
  Happy Friday! xoxo
  Yes! We'll be there.
  You have to come!! Register at 
 Who's going to be in Indianapolis on March 17th? Want to join us for a cocktail party and Eliza Parker shopping event?
 Checkout "Eliza Parker Indianapolis Preview"  via 
 Happy shopping! Save 25% at ElizaParker.com with code 'feb25'! Sale ends today.
 Save 25% this weekend at elizaparker.com with code Feb25! Happy weekend!
 Save 25% on everything at Eliza Parker - 
   Seriously so gorgeous!
 RT  . and Kazan went to SF and did a photo shoot for   ...
 Introducing the Everywhere Cardigan - 
 The Everywhere Cardigan is here! Soft jersey mohair, stylish silhouette, very versatile. What do you think? 
 Happy Valentines Day! Celebrate with 15% off at ElizaParker.com. Code: Heart15. xoxo
  You too!
  Yes! Good luck! xoxo
  Hi! Happy Friday! xoxo Jess
    Thanks! Happy friday! xoxo
  Eh! Bad timing!
 Are you celebrating Valentine's day? Are you dressing up or going casual?
  So Sweet! Thank you! xoxo
  Yay! So happy you love the cardigan!
  Great feedback! Thanks!
  Happy Friday! Hope you love the belted cardigan!
  Sounds like a blast!! Miss you, too!
  Fabulous!! How have YOU been?!?!?
  "If Done Right" is the key!!
  thanks! Love the Francesco Scognamiglio gown.
  Animal print shoes! Love love love!!
 Are animal prints chic for spring or is this trend over?
  Hmmmm... Sounds like the Venice Dress! So happy you like it!
  Which dress?? Happy to hear that you got so much wear out of it! xoxo
  Great! We try to be super fast.  Who wants to wait?!?!
  I hope you love them!!!
  Thanks! Happy Weekend!
 To celebrate the weekend, how about 15% off everything at ElizaParker.com?! Coupon code: Sweet15. Happy Shopping!
  Thanks!! xoxo
 We want to make life easier: So Free shipping in US, $15 to Canada, $35 to the rest of the world. And No minimums!
  You look gorgeous in the geneva (as always)! P.S. We just lowered our international shipping rate to $35. xoxo
 I'm VERY happy to let you all know that we just lowered our international shipping rate to $35!
     Thanks for the great ideas! Sounds like everyone is into bright spring colors.
 Are you shopping for a new cardigan? What colors would you wear?
   The Savannah in Plum is one of our favorites. And you can get 15% off of it with code: Fine15.
  Awww! Thanks!! So happy to hear that you are good. Hope to see you soon! xoxo
  Thanks! xoxo
      thanks for responses! 3/5 say Yay to red pencil skirt.
 Would you wear a red pencil skirt?
  Hi Kali! Just noticed it was you. How are you?? You gotta try the Monaco. xoxo Jessica
  Thanks!
 15% off at ElizaParker.com ends tonight. Use code: 'Snow15' at checkout!
  Me too! For me, it's all about the coordinated wrap to cover the arms.
  Glad to hear it! I think the trend is here to stay for a while!
  Me either. Usually it's too hard to find a bra that works!
 We are making a few of your very favorite dress. The Bordeaux in eyelet is available for pre-order now. 
 Please help us decide: Do you want Eliza Parker to make a 1 shoulder dress this spring? Would you wear it?
 RT  Check out today's Shop Till You Drop Post- Last Day 15% Off  on Lips Hips & FATshion Tips!  ...
 Special ElizaParker.com promo going on right now. Get 15% off with code: 'Snow15' until 1/19/11. Happy Shopping!
  Yes! Will reply soon!
 RT   sent you and email. I hope you got it.
  Happy Friday!! Xoxo
  Thanks! Xoxo
  And we are thanking participants with an Eliza Parker gift! Xoxo
  Happy to do it! Xoxo
 Introducing the Eliza Parker blog - 
   Thanks for all the kind words!! Love it!
 RT  What are 4 of the best online stores for plus size women?  list includes  &  h ...
 We just added a few favorites back into inventory. Cowl Top Plum 14/16, Greenwich Navy 22/24, Belted Cardi Teal 14/16 & More.
    Versatility is key.Use neutrals as base then add color w jewelry & separates. Add a belt for extra style.
    Try Venice Dress, Pencil Skirt, Belted Cardis, Million Ways, Silver Buckle Belt, Tights & Riding Boots.
 Special $15 Shipping to Australia - 
 International Eliza Parker customers:Save with Special $15 shipping until 1/2/11. Happy New Year! xoxo
 RT  Today I am rocking my  Monaco Dress, I love it so much and I wanted to feel fancy today!  Check out my revi ...
  Yay! The belted cardi is my favorite! xoxo
 RT  wearing my AHHHMAZZING  cardigan today.
 2-Day After-Christmas Sale - 
 Give or Wish for an Eliza Parker E-Gift Card - 
 Dear Santa, Please send me an Eliza Parker Gift Card (Hint,Hint).  
  fold gently into box and use lots of tissue paper to avoid wrinkles! Merry XMass!
 RT  Check out todays outfit post and review of  on Lips Hips & Fatshion Tips 
  Thanks! FYI - 25% off Monaco this week with code: Monaco25. Happy Shopping! xoxo
  Love it!!  Beautiful! FYI We are offering 25% off on Monaco this week with code: Monaco25.
  Happy Holidays, Sarah! Happy you received the card! xoxo
  You seriously look fantastic in the Monaco! Yay!
 RT  Lookie, lookie...it's another post: I feel pretty... 
  Thanks!! Xoxo
  Thank you! It's the perfect dress for New Year's Eve!
 Check out my gorgeous friends, Kat and Tigress, in our new blog post rocking the Monaco & Geneva dresses: 
  Thanks for the shout out!! Xoxo
 It's not too late to shop for Christmas! - 
  Great! Looking forward to it!
  Thanks! Happy Holidays! xoxo
  send pics when you can!! xoxo
  Thanks!! Happy Holidays to you, too! xoxo
  The high-waisted A line is awesome -- very versatile! Mom needs something special this year, too, right??!
 RT  We know Awesome dresses by  
    Tell Santa that we also have a 15% off deal right now with code: Red15!
   You seriously look amazing!!
 RT  Holy cow... rocks at pretty picture taking!! Here I am in my  dress 
  Thanks!! Can't wait to see pics of you in it!
  Yay! Hope you love the Monaco!!
   I'm sure you looked gorgeous in the dress!! So happy it worked out! xoxo
 RT    NO JOKE.  First, you looked BREATHTAKING, second, I WANT THAT DRESS OMG NOW!  
  You looked fantastic in the dress! xoxo
 RT   Hope mag photo shoot w/Monaco dress, it was comfortable, sexy & loved added pockets.  happy I was the cho ...
  You look fantastic in the cardi-- great color for you! xoxo
 RT  shout out to  in my newest blog entry at www.fatshionchic.com. 
  Your model looks gorgeous! Can't wait to see more pics!
 Behind the scenes at Hope Magazine Shoot with Monaco Dress. Love it!  via 
  Thanks!! Hope you LOVE the Monaco! xoxo
 Take 25% off dresses today w code: Bright25. We added dresses to the sale rack, too! 
  Thank you!! Xoxo
 Celebrate the Holidays in Style - 
 Get 25% off on dresses at elizaparker.com today and tomorrow with code: Bright25. Happy Shopping!
 Get 25% off on dresses at elizaparker.com today and tomorrow. Happy Shopping! P.S. Geneva in Burgundy is selling out fast.
 RT  RT  Loving this dress, but don't know if I could pull it off.  // Gorgeous! I vote yes!
  The Bordeaux in plum is a favorite of mine.  Looks hot with brown riding boots.
 Just added the last Bordeaux dress into stock -- size 22/24.  If you want it, grab it now and don't forget 15% off with code "lights15"
 RT  Check out today's Christmas Wishlist Item from  on Lips Hips & FATshion Tips! 
  Love it! Thank you!
  Thank you! So happy you found us! xoxo
  Thank you!! xoxo
  Yes! The true issue with one shoulder is not the dress itself, it's finding the right bra to wear with it!
  Thanks for your feedback!
  I completely understand.  I also don't like showing my arms!
  You look Gorgeous! Love it!
 How do you feel about one shoulder dresses? Do you own one? Would you want to?
  Awwww!! Thanks, Lilli!
 Such an honor to be featured in Frocks & Frou Frou: 
 Final Day to Shop Our Amazing Sale - 
 Black Friday Blowout! - 
 We are showing our thanks with a 35% off sale starting today! Use code: thanks35. Happy thanksgiving!
  Bordeaux dress has been around for a while....almost sold out in every color.
 Saying Thanks with Our Biggest Sale Ever - 
  Agreed! Love a pinstripe!
 We are finalizing the fit and fabric for our new pants. What color/print do you prefer for dress pants? Pinstripes, anyone?
 Last day to get 15% off everything at ElizaParker.com with code "Cheer15".  Happy Shopping!!
 Enjoy the Million Ways Cardi in Black - 
    LOVE that dress! Excellent Choice!
    Which EP dress are you going with??
  Hmmm... that size might get added back into stock next week... stay tuned! Oh and black Friday deals, too, so win win.
   Bordeaux in Navy is a favorite and we are pretty much sold out... what's your size? Also, it runs large!
 Just a few more hours to save 20% at Eliza Parker. Use code: Super20!
 Save 20% on Everything at Eliza Parker - 
 We just announced a special 2-day 20% off sale! Use code: 'super20' for 20% off of everything at ElizaParker.com.  Happy Shopping!
 Formal Dresses Have Just Arrived - 
  Glad you found us! We are made in the US w a focus on great fitting, high quality, fashionable clothes. xoxo Jessica
 Million Ways Cardi in Black is Here!  
 Only a few more hours to take advantage of a big promo at ElizaParker.com.  Check out our front page for details!! Up to $100 Off.
  You look gorgeous in the videos!! Monaco, Savannah, Geneva...hot, hot, hot!!
    music to my ears! Have a blast this weekend!
    YAY!!!! SO HAPPY to Hear that you LOVE your new Monaco Dress! xoxoxo
 No Tricks, Just Treats.  We're giving you up to $100 off your order at Eliza Parker. Happy Shopping!   
 It's a Treat: Save up to $100 at Eliza Parker - 
 Silk, is it elegant and luxurious? Or expensive and fussy?
  It's on sale, too! xoxo
 RT  Have a hot date coming up and need a cute outfit! Check out this Miami Dress from Eliza Parker! 
 RT  ALERT! Save on Eliza Parker 
 Did you see our new savannah dress in teal & plum? Buy 1, get $30 off (code: Charm30). Buy 2, get $100 off (Charm100)! 
 Enjoy Charming Dresses and a Special Promotion - 
 Have you seen our video of the Venice dress? Sumer is looking fabulous... 
  Awwww! Xoxo
 Reminder to check out our 2 day 20% off sale. Use code: TwentySale. Happy Shopping!
  Hope you love the cardigan :)
 RT  Love my dress from yesterday's post? RT  2-Day Sale on Everything - 
 2-Day Sale on Everything - 
  You look gorgeous in the Bordeaux in Plum! xoxo
 RT  new post today! Sneak peek in to my New Orleans neighborhood & a look  Bordeaux dress (hint: it's fantasti ...
  Thanks! The Monaco Dress is one of my favorites for fall! xoxo
 RT  Retweet 
 Introducing a Fabulous New Dress for Fall - 
  I hope you LOVE your new dress! xoxo
  Thank you!!
 A Gorgeous Dress for Cocktail or Casual - 
  Thanks for the shout out!
 RT  Calling All My Curvalicious Stylistas. Check out designs by Eliza Parker. Fabulousness in sizes 10-28!  ...
  The million ways in gray is on sale, too! Just a few left, though....
 RT  This million ways cardigan is a closet must have from Eliza Parker  ...
 RT  Jumping on Rooftops With Eliza Parker « Modelina Michelle 
 RT  A Major Plus: Meet Eliza Parker | sfindiefashion.com 
 Don't forget to get 20% off the Eliza Parker sale rack today with code "salerack20". 
  Thanks! xoxo
 Great deals til Saturday. 20% off the Eliza Parker sale rack with code salerack20. Happy Shopping!
 Get 20% off Everything on the Sale Rack - 
 Pre-order the Santorini in Black & take an extra $25 off with code: SanBlack25. Offer expires 10/2/10. 
  Thank you! xoxo!
  awwww. We are missing you,too! Can't wait to see you soon. xoxox
 Great post from   
  Thank you! xoxo
 Don't forget to buy your Santorini in Midnight Blue ASAP.  We just restocked 14/16, 18/20, and more.
 How do you care for your skivvies? 
 The Santorini in Mid Blue and the Venice Dress are back in stock today so if you have been waiting to buy them, now is the time!
  Thank you!  I'm wearing the midnight blue today -- so soft and comfortable!
 Check out this video of the Belted Open Cardi. It's now available in Teal, Jade, Midnight Blue and Black! 
 A Lovely Layering Look for Fall - 
 Check out a few ways to style our most versatile wrap. 
 RT  Check out MP Virtual Fashion Week: Eliza Parker     
  You look amazing in the Santorini!
   Thanks! It's comfortable, too!
  We are thrilled to be offering $100 Gift Card to the raffle -- it's going to a great cause!
 RT   will be offering a $100 gift certificate as a raffle prize at The Swap Soiree!  www.swapsoiree.eventbrite.com
 I have to say that I have been wearing the plum everywhere.  It's super comfortable and the pockets are key.
  Well put! xoxo
   Yay! So happy you love the new Bordeaux. Which color do you prefer: navy or plum?
 Your Favorite Dress Updated for Fall - 
  Awww! Happy you were out tonight in the Bordeaux.  Have you seen the new fall versions of it? What do you think? xoxo
  Congrats on winning $75! Hope you find something you love on elizaparker.com
  There really is something so easy and chic about a great button down.
 For Career Wear, what do you want to see us offer? Suiting, more skirts, button downs, dress pants, more dresses??
 RT  New post on 
 Is the red dress for holiday only or perfect year round?
  I love a good plaid print.  Very new england prep.
  We love military, too! Give me an exposed zipper any day!
 Which Project Runway fall trends do you love?  Minimalism, '50s retro, menswear, military. Animal prints, camel, gold, lace, plaids.
 The Sale Rack is here and dresses start at $99 - 
 RT  Look what's on sale at Eliza Parker. This turquoise dress (most recently seen on Aarti on the Next Food Network... ht ...
 Get up to $80 off on our newly added sale rack! 
  Greenwich dress in Navy discounted $60 
 Our Sale Rack is here! Get a first look at this link:  
  Thank you!! xoxo
  Check back in a day or two... a sale (rack) is coming your way and the Greenwich dress will be on it!
 Our Bordeaux re-do dresses are almost here! I saw them today and they look gorgeous.
    Seems like a toss up on white post labor day. Some say faux pas, some say fabulous!
 White after labor day, faux pas or fabulous?
  Love our BFFs!
  I hope you love it all!! Xoxo
 RT  First post on a new blog, and it's an  giveaway. Awww yeah. We Know Awesome 
 RT  OOps, redo! 
  You look gorgeous in the Miami dress! Hope to see you soon in LA! Xoxo
 RT  hey  your $75 gift certificate giveaway is up! 
  Yes! We sell internationally! Everyone is welcome to join giveaway!
  Love the blog post on your Venice dress! xoxo Jessica
 Hop on over to our Facebook page for an amazing 25% off promo celebrating 1000 fans. 
  Dark blue is *totally* a color! xoxo
  The belted cardi and a-line skirts are favorites of mine, too.  We are making the open cardi in a dark blue for fall.
 Our Bordeaux Redux is on its way! Look for it in plum and navy in early Sept!
     Looks like the consensus is black!!
 Question of the day: Navy vs. Black vs Brown. Which is your go-to neutral color for cocktail dresses?
  Love It! Thanks for sharing!
 I heart this belt with the Open Cardi. 
   Thanks for the shout-outs! xoxo
  Thank you!
 We added belts *and* product videos for those belts.  Check them out and let us know what you think. 
   Thanks for the twitter love! xoxo
   Yay! Thanks! I have been wearing the Silver Buckle Belt everywhere -- Love it!
 New stylish belts are in stock - 
  It was so great to see you today! I had a blast! Can't wait for the product videos to come out! xoxo
  Soon!! Promise!!
 We have belts coming soon!  I've been wearing the samples this week and I LOVE them. Who's shopping for belts? xoxo
  Thank you!
  Your shoes look INSANE with our new Bordeaux Dress! LOVE IT!
  Me Too! I can't wait for you all to see the new pics with 
       Majority says "Almost Never" on evening gowns. thx!
 How often do you shop for full length evening gowns? All the time, a few times a year, almost never?
