  is that the one where they have a bear paw or something and its in the trailer parks?
 RT  Roberto Garza to play center tomorrow in place of Olin Kreutz. JD
   is he any good? Should the bears give him a look?
 I just heard the dumbest thing this week! Lovie Smith says the  now have 5 WRs with  ability. GTFOH with that. 
   lovie smith is out of his rabbid mind. There is no way ANY WR on this Roster is any teams 
 RT  Lovie Smith says Nick Roach is the starter at SAM linebacker
 RT  to make all my family and all the Bears fans proud.  The real work begins now.  I can't wait to be on the field tomorrow ...
  yeah I know, Im not big on Kreutz. Hes been getting beat bad the past 2 years. They need to get some OL/CB. then ill be content
  for the upcoming Miami Dolphin season
  yeah me too. I like the Blalock guy in ATL. Hopefully Bears can get him. Im also curious about Herman Johnson.
 Am I the only  fan that really likes the V. Gholston signing. I think the Jets really had him playing out of position.
 RT  Lovie says Bears will put Gholston in better chance to succeed playing with hand in dirt.
 RT  Seriously folks. This is the most insane Tea Party since The Mad Hatter bombarded Alice with confusing riddles and cr ...
 RT  I think the Eagles should introduce all three CBs at once, at a press conf in a big arena, with smoke and... Wait. What?
 RT  Rash of Steelers moves includes Hines Ward on PUP list 
 RT  They saying Asante's out of there! LoL RT  Nnamdi to the Eagles huh? Rogers-Cromartie AND Asante too??? Wow!
 RT  So the next question is whether A. Samuel is heading to the Jets.
 RT  Whoa! With Rodgers-Cromartie and Samuel as well? Lots of Eli INT's coming. RT  Confirmed: Nnamdi to the E ...
 RT  Confirmed: Nnamdi to the Eagles. Done.
 RT  Nnamdi looks headed to the...Eagles.
  bears are gonna steal him!
 RT  Wait. The COWBOYS are out of the Nnamdi sweepstakes too? So says  
 RT   will sign LB Nick Roach to what is believed to be a two year contract. Key signing to maintain continuity at lineba ...
 RT  Jay Cutler says "absolutely" Roy Williams can be big WR he needs.
 RT   Nnamdi has ruled out the Jets. Dang.  just threw up. He was predicting him coming to NY, same as  ...
 RT  Filed to NFLN: Per a league source, the Jets, for now, are out of the Nnamdi Asomugha sweepstakes.
 RT  The  are looking at Vernon Gholston? I can see it. Anytime you can bring in a guy with 0 career sacks, why not?!
 Well FA officially starts in 10 more minutes. Looking forward to all of the new players coming to Chicago
   well not fool literally but you know what I mean. We shall see though
   yeah it doesn't make sense going back and forth with a fool.
   Hes a Dolphin and Heat fan...He laughing at D. Rose and Cutler and saying Bulls/Bears will always be bad teams.
 RT  RT  NFL Network's  is reporting that the  are redoing contracts to try to sign Nnam ...
 RT  The Cowboys are becoming real players in the Nnamdi sweepstakes. The Jets still hold the lead.
 RT  Dolphins cut Channing Crowder 
 RT   Not as long as Cutler and Rose are the best Chi players...I'll be laughing for years!
  Nope..........try again HATER, Im a Marlins fan.
  yeah that's the life off a dolphin fan you lose so much you don't even care any more
  both put up better numbers than any Miami QB and we still win...you are assuming those things will happen U R a hater!
  your team has A 1-15 and no playoff victories and a home playoff game blacked out due to attendance.....get real.
  yeah now you are just talking out your ass...lol bears are 2nd in wins in NFC past 10 years. Supervisor and playoffs..
  that's a shame. I asked you about NFL and you are talking NBA. LMAO you dolphin fans are CLASSIC!
  I feel so bad for you man. Here it is football season and you are talking about the NBA.  You act like the heat won it all.
  I don't even remember...lol probably mike sims walker
  Yes GB is good but we always go back and forth with them. We play them tougher than any team in the league...U R a HATER!
  my friend you are so informed. Bulls DO have cap space for a good player. We build teams not "Fake" all star teams who FAIL
 RT  Roach likely to sign new deal around 4 pn
 RT  All the Bears 2011 draft picks are under contract
 RT  LM:  have agreed to terms with first-round pick Gabe Carimi. All five draftees are now under contract.
 RT  Re-signing Anthony Adams is an excellent move, providing a strong veteran in the middle of the D-Line.  defenders re ...
  BOL! Both of my teams made their conf finals. False hope? Bulls are young and WILL get a good SG. So my teams are fine!
 RT  BREAKING: DT Anthony Adams agrees to terms with the  on a deal, according to a source. It's believed to be for two y ...
  Matt Moore......BOL! Your team and franchise is a complete JOKE! Enjoy another season of irrelevance.
  dude im rolling over here! You guys are playing good cop/bad cop. E Dubb your  are in trouble man.
  a gold diggin money hungry woman
 RT  Just heard from another agent who confirmed struggle for fully guaranteed deals at bottom of 1st round is real. . ...
 RT  I didn't see the ESPN Chicago report about MSW. It's been a hectic stretch. So I am not doubting two sides may have talked...
 RT  Chad Henne will be the starter in Miami.  He texted friends the good news but his texts were intercepted and returne ...
  fans we have Jerry Angelo but it could be worse....like  GM Jeff Ireland and Owner Steven Ross. My goodness are they AWFUL!!
   Im sure they will look at OL, They CANT go into the season without bringing in some bodies. we shall see
  do you know if bears have any interest in Cromartie?
  come man you are in no position to compare the dolphins to the Jets. Thats crazy! Come on man lets be real.
  I trust your insight, so were those rumors false about them talking late last night.
 RT  As John Clayton is reporting, Dolphins signing former Panthers QB Matt Moore and bypassing chance to trade for Kyle Orton.
 RT  The Broncos now have to keep Orton until a QB gets hurt in training camp. he's running first team with the Broncos for  ...
  I wouldn't mind seeing those two on the with Knox and Bennett in the slot where they belong.
 RT  An inventor fails 999 times, & if he succeeds once, he's in. He treats his failures simply as practice shots. -Charles ...
  ok, I know they were talking to him last night. I thought he was a backup plan just in case the R. Williams deal didn't happen
  are they still talking to Mike Sims-Walkers
  are bears still talking to mike sims walker
  not really. It's ok, a little better than what we have. We need OL in the worst way. We shall see though.
 Angelo you better eat your wheaties this morning. You have to perform a miracle to save yourself from Bear fans.
 Good morning everyone. Have a blessed day.
 RT  Just got in. Catching up on debt limit news. Trying to figure out if I have enough socks to stash my cash in until thi ...
 RT  I'm officially a Bear. I wanna thank the lord for everything that he had done for me and my poor family. God works in my ...
 RT  Vince Young has reached a one-year deal with the Eagles. Will sign it tomorrow.
  when and where did you hear this? All I'm hearing and seeing is Mike Sims Walker
 RT  As a Bears fan I'm kinda confused right now. Let's hope it all works out.
 RT  Friday will be an interesting day in Bourbonnais
 RT  It takes the school system 50 years to adopt a new idea. ~ Robert Kiyosaki
 RT  Per  Chicago Bears talking with WR Mike Sims-Walker. COULD IT BE?!
 Bears
  Angelo is a freakin jerk! He didn't have to trade that guy.
 RT  I can't imagine Roy Williams would have a better opportunity to succeed at this point in his career anywhere other than ...
 RT  Some classic responses from people around the league when they found out Bears only got the draft pick and no players  ...
      I'm sure they are.
      I just seen blax.
  your boss Angelo is a dumbass! He better work a miracle tmrw. Do you guys think highly if him? I mean for real...
   cannot strait we are pissed! Angelo is jerk and the worst GM.
 RT  JERRY ANGELO IS A 
 RT   is Jerry Angelo the worst GM in the NFL?
 RT   I'm starting a lynching mob for Angelo's head. U in?
 RT   tell Jerry Angelo to go fuck himself. George Halas is rolling in his grave. Disgrace.
 RT  Looks like it's gonna be a down year for the  Angelo you are the worst!
 RT  What the F**K!! The  traded Olsen for a 3rd round pick!! That's it! Man why do we still have Angelo!
 RT  Bears update: Panthers offered a 1st round pick for Olsen, but Angelo countered with a 3rd round pick due to his strengths ...
 RT  Greg Olsen ... a former 1st rnd pick was just turned into a 3rd round pick.  The magic of Jerry Angelo.  
 RT   thanks for ruining my night Jerry Angelo
 RT   Cap space is cap space. The  FO is clearly in over their heads. Angelo is getting exposed, again.
 RT  What is going on  Halas Hall? Would rather have  on the squad than Martz. Knew Angelo was bad, but didn't  ...
 RT  So Chicago tell me how it feels to go from contenders to the fuckin basement.  Me personally?  I'm fuckin pissed.  Eat a  ...
 RT   Grahm is the only one left from the 07 draft. Epic fail Angelo...
 RT  Climb to the top of the nearest building and jump Jerry Angelo, seriously this is getting out of hand
 RT  Thank you Jerry Angelo for proving beyond a shadow of a doubt that when push comes to shove YOU COULD F* UP A WET DREAM!
 RT  Did you know that the Bears have only 1 Jerry Angelo 1st rd pick left on their roster with trade of Olsen? Only one left  ...
 RT  A single 3rd round pick for Greg Olsen? Fuck you Jerry Angelo. Seriously, fuck you, moron.
     your friend bad!
 RT  FUCK YOU ANGELO. FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU
  can you go to halas hall and smack those guys around and ask them what the hell are they doing? My God does Angelo need to go!
 I bet we are the laughing stock of the league right now. This sucks......its still "Bear Down"though, don't get it twisted.
 I know this is crazy fan or geek guy traits but I'm so close to emailing Angelo and  front office.
  yeah I bet you are back in the cave. I want to hear you explain, pacify,justify or look on the bright side for this dumb move!
 Ok what's the name of that website again? WWW.fireangelo.com this is by FAR HIS WORST WORK. And that's hard to do with his track record.
 RT  “  trade Greg Olsen to  for 3rd rd pick. No other player involved." WTF are freaking kidding!!!
   gulp! It's true! Fire Angelo now. We got a 3rd for Olsen its clear as day Angelo is lost and not prepared
  WHAT! ok fire ANGELO RIGHT NOW! He couldn't get not 1 player? No ol no conner nothing?
  Angelo us messing up totally this week. He better have a miracle day tmrw.
   still don't like losing olsen and Angelo messing up everything this week.
   well they traded him for a draft pick and a player rumored to be Dan conner...he's a good young LB. Fills a need
 RT  Filed to ESPN: Texans reach agreement with former Bengals CB Johnathan Joseph on a five-year deal. Nnamdi to Jets look ...
 RT  So Bears strike out on Willie Colon. They need to find offensive line help, somewhere, while keep Kreutz, too.
 RT  Would be interesting if Bears in fact did receive LB Dan Connor as part of Olsen deal with Carolina. They are in marke ...
 RT  we are checking but we think the Bears received Dan Connor in the Greg Olsen trade.
 RT  Crystal Ball is saying a Defensive player is coming over from Carolina.
  Any word on the un named player yet?
  who the hell is that!? If its true fire Angelo NOW!!!
 RT  RT  RT   fans should figure out how to contact Bears front office and flood them.  .. ...
 RT  I never said ANYTHING about jays knee injury. I've always backed him 100%. Stop trying to start shit. I knw he was serio ...
 RT  Also: Euro training camps are about to start. Any NBA player saying he might go but just not yet is, in urban vernacular, ...
 RT  Cincinnati will receive two late draft picks from New England in return for WR Chad Ochocinco -- a pick in 2012, a pic ...
 RT  Source tells me Northwestern and Morgan Park product Corbin Bryant didn't pass his physical with the Bears and the DT w ...
  when you hit roy williams in the cowboys game this year. did you blank out for a second. it kind of looks like it.
 Management and front office! thats why teams like the  and  are always good. and my  are inconsistent..
  NONE at all!! I bet this un named player is some 2nd or 3rd stringer we know nothing about. He better work MAGIC tomorrow!
    they are clueless and so unprepared up there and its showing. Angelo needs to be go after this season!!
  but you dont have to pay olsen now...so whats the deal. Rashied Davis already said hes low balling players.
   yeah thats the part I dont get. we have SO MUCH MONEY, that HAS to be spent. I understand saving some for Forte
  yeah thats the part I dont get. we have SO MUCH MONEY, that HAS to be spent. I understand saving some for Forte
  they havent released his name. They gave us a draft pick too. Its NOT Steve Smith, probably some 3rd string guy
 We have the 3rd most money that HAS to be spent! And hes low balling EVERYBODY How many people will we miss on cause hes sitting on his butt
 With the way Angelo Botched the trade on draft day. and if FA continues to go the way its going...HE SHOULD BE FIRED!!!
 RT  Once again i repeat I am not upset at trading Olsen.. not a good fit in Martz's O. but we didn't get anything for him! ...
  with the way he botched the Draft deal and how AWFUL hes doing in this FA. This has to be his last year.
  I doubt it. Our offense doesnt use pass catching TE's thats why we let go Olsen
   yeah I think you are right. Bears never utilized him enough....
 Dolphin fans cant win for losing. You get R. Bush. Patriots get Ochinco and Hanesworth
  what happend my man?
 I hope my  didnt get some unknown player and a 7th rnd pick for Olsen.
 The player is NOT Steve Smith.
 Wow Greg Olsen is GONE! I wonder who the player and draft pick is?
 RT  Just filed story:  have traded Greg Olsen to  for player (not Steve Smith) & draft pick
   well i wouldnt be against that pick up. I think he will have a good season in Martz offense
   well he will add a new dynamic to your offense and Punt Return team. You guys needed a guy like him.
   I was just messing with you man. you have a right to be happy about your pick up...I was just messing with you.
  you know how our franchise is. They claim not to want to go after guys with Character issues.
  that threw me when the guy had his name tatted on him. I dont like condeming or pointing fingers but it doesnt look good at all.
 OK heres a question for all of my  fans....what rookies are you looking forward to seeing the most. Paea gets my vote
 Ochocinco goes to the Patriots............Hell be on my Fantasy Team!!!!
 RT  =====>   BREAKING NEWS: Patriots have acquired Chad Ochocinco
     and I dont trust angelo to find a backup as good as him.
     I would...I wouldnt be heart broken but i think hes under rated.
  Do you already have DirecTV set up in your shop. If not support my business and I can save you some $$ on Sunday ticket
 ITs really not hard. you just need to have a open your mind up to a new way of making money. I way that works.
 If you get paid LINEAR eventually you burn out. LINEAR pay doesnt work in todays world. You need to get paid while you sleep.
 Getting paid residually is the BOMB! You can do stuff one time and you keep getting paid. Thats what WEALTH people do.
 Getting NFL Sunday Ticket this year? Well Its free! I can hook you up with Service. Cntct me for info or go to my site. 
  I think I am following you
     agreed WR and OL are the biggest needs by far...then CB or DL
     agreed! We need some bigger wideouts for sure.
  wow you preaching today! Everbody want that over night success. Nobody wants to put time in and learn their craft.
  stop lying! LOL that made me laugh
  if you want to work from home let me know I help people set up their own home business
  yeah u decided to take my life into my own hands. It's the best decision I ever made.
 I like that Jay  lost weight, packed on muscle and was the very first person at camp!  
    yes he is. They said he came to camp skinner and cut. He was also 1st person to shoe
  wow you and I have much in common. I was laid off twice now I work my business from home
  awesome well I'm all about entrepreneurship, sports music and encouraging others.
 RT  RT  I'm on hold with a Boston sports radio host who is saying Ochocinco is going to New England, while  ...
 RT  A job is not an asset. A job is slavery. ~ Robert Kiyosaki
 RT  I am told release of Brandon Manumaleuna and effort to trade Greg Olsen are not tied. Olsen still being actively shopped. ...
 I dont hate much in this world but I REALLY HATE IT when I see people calling themselves "Real Niggas" Its so IGNORANT.
 The quickest way for me to UNFOLLOW you is to say you are a Gucci Mane or Waka Flakka fan or you refer to yourself as a "real nigga".
  I was thinking the same thing. There has to be some kind of Reggie Bush rally or party down there.
 Shout out to all of my new followers! I promise to follow you guys back....Im interested with what goes on in your world also!
 What time is the Reggie Bush championship rally tomorrow?
 The smartest move the  made all day is releasing Manu....
 RT  Maybe Greg Olsen stays?  will release Brandon Manumaleuna.
 RT  Reggie Bush is taking his lack of talents to South Beach. With his injury issues, at least he's used to not showing u ...
 RT  Maybe the storm knocked power out at Halas Halla and that's why the Bears are so quiet. 
 RT  If free-agency were indeed free, Jerry Angelo would be having a field day. Alas, this is what we get, Bears fans: * ...
  YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYY!!!!
  from the media. You guys are telling us they have serious interest in players. We look up and they are with other teams
  well its theories have been working for me. It doesn't replace my theory in God. If anything it re affirmed my Faith in him.
  bears are striking out on everybody
 RT  Reggie Bush will be taking his talents (running 20 yards horizontally, injuring himself, landing Kardashian sisters) ...
 RT  A glamorous start to free agency with a punter and run blocking tight end (Matt Spaeth). Just kidding. Both were needs. JD
   is olden in play for a draft pick or player?
  how does Spaeth fix the ol?
  its funny but my wife and u prayed and applied things from the secret now we are living in our dream condo. The house is next.
  but the Secret has taught me to be mineful if how u speak and think.
  speak for yourself buddy. The power of the tongue is powerful. I'm a Christian and I give all praise and thanks to God.
 I guess ill listen to the secret or Jim rohn.
 Anyone know of a good Pandora station to listen too? I need to get rid of these negative vibes I put in the atmosphere.....
 Matt Spaeth? WTF do we need with another TE?! Ok I'm putting the cell phone down its distracting me from work and Angelo is pissing me off!
 RT    u can go either way player going to a division opponent or organizations not offering them to g ...
 RT  Vikings looking at Braylon Edwards and James Jones 
   everyone keeps saying they expect bears to be active...when will that be?
  I know right! I can't even get mad at how unprepared and how slow they are moving at halas. Maybe they know something we don't
  lol I hear ya. Nice family by the way! BEAR DOWN!
 I guess that's a plus of being your own boss. You can work when you want too. Have a blessed day everyone
 Ok let me get some work done. I've been listening to sports radio all morning and it has me in a funky mood.
  well unless he knows something I don't Angelo is looking unprepared and dragging his feet. This isn't your typical FS period
  awesome tweet. Angelic and front office are irking me. They don't look very prepared right now
 RT  If U dont like football please feel free to unfollow cuz Im a fan & I wont shut up about it so either  & d ...
  this front office and Angelo is looking like a bunch of un prepared clowns. They had months to get ready for this.
 RT  Brad Smith getting close to a deal, and not with the Bears.
   man I'm so tired if Angelo. I'm convinced he isn't going go do anything but sit in his butt and pick up a 4th string pl
 RT  With the two sides unable to reach agreement on a paycut, the 49ers officially told CB Nate Clements they will be rele ...
 And let's keep it real  fans Kreutz is done. I mean how many times did we see Kreutz pushed way in the backfield.
 Wow my  are losing a lot of their players. They better start signing people soon. Preferably a wr and ol
 RT  Vikings are in on James Jones and Braylon Edwards but nothing is imminent
 RT  We do a lot of great debates, but that the LeBron vs. Reggie Bush debate was so much fun. Y'all know I'm right...right?
 RT  Just filed to ESPNChicago.com: Bears in serious jeopardy of losing C Olin Kreutz, who might sign a deal today.
 RT  OMGDUVALFACT: All the good women on twitter that's worth settling down wit have less than 500 followers
   so Reggie Bush is a all-pro now that he's playing for the dolphins? You Dolphin fans are FUNNY!
 RT  Fellas if u want more followers all u have to do is be positive, be relationship expert, or show u love yo kids
 RT  Watch for the Vikings to pursue Braylon Edwards after losing Sidney Rice
 RT  Also...and this will be a doozy: Who is the most overrated player in Miami -- Reggie Bush or LeBron James (yeah, we took ...
  BOO! And you are happy to get that diva? He's in the perfect city...he's a south beach diva with Lebron and wade
 RT  Reggie Bush Is A Dolphin Now..Damn Bush, Wade, LeBron All In Miami..If It Wasn't Groupie City Before It Damn Sure Is Now..LoL
  looks like your hNds were full
 RT  I'm having a hard time understanding how trading Greg Olsen makes the Bears a better football team. JD
  well atleast your team is doing something. My team continues to sit in a very short free agency week.
 RT  Filed to ESPN: Washington traded DT Albert Haynesworth to the New England Patriots for a fifth-round pick in 2013.
 Woke up to Reggie Bush going to Miami just as I predicted a week ago. He'll fit in with Lebron Bosh and Wade on S. Beach. Good move!
  wow you had a long day. Get some sleep.
  I hope the  wake up and give you a iffer
 RT  Why can't u trust Fox News? Because  will lie, & IGNORE the surplus Clinton left & that Bush turned into  ...
 RT  Pres. Obama came into office during the middle of FY 2009. Debt was over $10 Trillion or doubled since 1999. Do the ma ...
  hey man did you see my 5linx business partner Jason Grilli out there? He's a pitcher for the Pirates.
 If you thought the Eddie Long drama was over......WRONG!
   amen! That's what I'm saying. Don't play around, go ahead and do what you came to do. Lol
  life is good for you then. I might have to join you next time the Marlins come to town.
  wow! Enjoy your night. Lol!
  WOW! they not gonna leave that man untill he's on jail. This is getting crazy.
  you did ask about a man wanting that done to him....correct?
  hell yeah! Any man who wants that all night is gay
  who is centino and what is e. Longs 5th sermon
  why is a baby eating Damon noodles to begin with? All that Danny salt
  looks like you guys are having fun
  yeah I understand. That's my bud so its no hard feelings.
  look I understand you not liking cutler that's fine. Let's just agree to disagree I like him and think he's good!
 RT  Sources: NBA labor talks to resume Monday with all the heavy hitters in attendance: 
  I'm so glad you said Rivers. Rivers stayed in the shot gun all game and it wasn't on his planting leg. He didn't drop back NONE!
  I'm expecting pro bowl for cutler. 2 years in the same system....pro bowl just like his Denver days....
 Cutler had torn ligaments in his knee. You let me know what QB can drop back plant and pass with torn ligaments.
  dude I'm a die hard bears guy. Rex won player of the month and had great games that year. His bad games just were really bad.
  Rex was terrible that game not the season. If he was so bad then why was our offense rated high that year?
  the same 7-9 Seahawks that knocked you out of the playoffs?
  we did have Orton when we lost to Colts. It's a myth that Rex was horrible that year when he wasn't.
  no they didn't blame Orton. He just isn't a franchise or special player. Bears acted on a opportunity to get a special QB
  Cutler broke the bears record books for his playoff performance against the seahawks
  that was a great deal. We got Cutler and Knox. They got Orton, who about to get traded.
  how is Cutler a quitting bum? When has he ever quit?
  lol I don't know what it is but you are like the 5th person I know to go there.
  why would you say F the feds?
  Well we shall see when we play each other. No need to talk trash or go back and forth this early
   ok glad to see I'm not the only one. We have a bunch of slot WRS.
  For the record Cutler doesn't suck. He took his team to the NFCC. Rivers didn't even make the playoffs.
  Simms Walker is still better than any WR we have. I take it you like our WR core? I DON'T!
  I love this song.
  sigma
 RT  Seattle had a great day getting Robert Gallery and Sidney Rice. Pete Carroll can recruit.
 Well you can scratch S. Rice off the  list. I'm still call. I'm not gonna aggravate myself.
  yeah you do have a point. But I've been waiting for chi to get a legit wr for years.
 RT   Oh stop whining.At least your Bears have a Q.B..  My Dolphins are screwed if Chad Mr.Interception Hen is t ...
 Ok since aggravation is self inflicted im gonna stop expecting the  to go after a  legit receiver. Why are they resigning R. Davis?
  dude basketball season is over! I understand you NOTHING TO LOOK FORWARD TO. So let it go. Lebron and Wade can't save you no
   HA! ill take a break unfilled my  actually do something.
  same here my fellow grabrowski. BEAR DOWN!
 As a Christian its my duty to be cordial and respectful to ALL beliefs. Your life and faith should be your ministrty. Not your words.
  Texas yes DC no.
  what are you talking about?
 Shout out to all of my new  followers I will follow all of you guys back. Trying to tie up some business things. Until then 
  same here! dont mind my football tweets. im buckled in to football season. Ill get back to stuff that matters very soon. lol
  I was in Buckhead but i just moved to Glennwood Park. Im still not familiar with all of the counties. its too many of them. LOL
  cool! im having a  vs  watch party at my house. Ill keep you updated about it. What part of town are you in?
  same here! pops is from chicago so i became a bears fan in 85 too. im a bulls fan also. lets keep in touch though
 RT   Ex wife takes son 2 Doctor co pay is $5 she sends me a bill 4 $2.50 which is my half?  she makes over 1 ...
 I mean the starters & 2nd string guys werent gonna play more than 2 series anyway. I mean im sure those 26 rookies they have couldve used it
 Call me  or whatever but I think the  had enough time to play in the Hall of Fame game..........
  oh ok! yeah I have alot of Dolphin fans following me. Waiting for the  to make some WR or OL moves though.
  cool, i hope its with him coming to chicago
  yeah man im in ATL, been here for 2 years. how about yourself. Do you know of a spot where Bear fans watch the games?
  what did I say? I go on so many rants I forget what I talk about at times.
  LOL, what did I say? I go on rants all the time and forget what I say.
  same here
 RT  For those asking about Vince Young, if he doesn't go to Miami, he may have to wait for a job.
  are Bears one of them?
 RT  Talks with Bengals and Cedric Benson just beginning. Odds favor Reggie Bush getting cut or traded.
  well its about darn time they went after a OL or WR.
 If you dont like all of my Football tweets unfollow me. Dont get mad cause your team SUCKS and you have nothing to look forward to. 
 RT  Please stop tweeting about baseball and basketball, it's football season.
 to get those checks even though ive passed. I can only tell you what this opportunity has done for me.....And I love it!!!!
 I feel very good know that If I die today my wife and daughter will still receive checks from work I did 1 year ago and will continue...
 im all about showing people that you can create residual income for yourself and family.
 RT  RT  Just told deal is done. Donovan McNabb has officially been traded to Minnesota.
 I say all of that to say this. Its very important who you hear and surround yourself with. That has an effect on you, believe it or not.
 My other mentor is 35 and a young millionaire who looks and acts like me can relate to him so it gives me the confidence to know i can do it
 One of my mentors is Jim Rohn, Jim Rohn has been passed for some time but he mentors me through books, video and audio recordings
 If you want to be successful or a millionaire I suggest the you find a mentor. I mentor can be ANYONE.....
  dang cuzz you working too hard over there
 Its funny how countless of people can be successful with  but when YOU decide to quit you call it a scam. I dont get it.
  if Bears arent in the Derby I dont want to hear about it. Ill be glad when the Bears start to make a move
  I wish the bears were!
  wow, now thats not nice! LOL...."Blame your momma".
  thanks for following.
  what about bears?
 RT  RT  With DeAngelo Williams re-signed with Carolina, the Fins are now looking at Ronnie Brown
 RT  RT CBSAtlBreaking: Dozens dead as landslides, flash floods hit South Korea In worst incident, landslide crashes ...  ...
 RT  Seattle reached agreement with former Raiders guard Robert Gallery on a three-year deal. Gallery and Tom Cable reunited.
  fans how do you feel about Orton being your next QB? Your GM make it SO EASY to clown your guys. Always taking the "SAFE" route.
 RT  Carolina and RB DeAngelo Williams reached agreement on a five-year, $43 million deal that includes $21 million in guar ...
 RT  RT  My sources telling me that the Broncos and Dolphins are in serious trade talks - could happen with ...
  you heard about the R. Moss deal to Jets? No way Dolphin fan base gets happy for Orton,  maybe for Young but not Orton.
  whats with this rule that the bears cant sign a FA untill they lose a FA...is this true? How can the jets sign players if so?
 RT  Best tweet of day via  too many people prepare for the wedding; too few prepare for the marriage.
 RT  Moss Jets? 
 RT  WR Randy Moss to the Jets a strong possibility per Jason La Canfora
 RT  Jets talking to Randy Moss... Per NFL Net...
  Droid....EVO. I had a iPhone and I like my Evo much better
   do you honestly think the bears are going to pick up a WR other than B. Smith ?
  so do the bears have any plans at all with getting a WR?
 RT  on Nnamdi, several jets players have already been told their contracts will be restructered in an effort to get him.
 RT  Did anyone see the controversial play at home plate in last night's Pirates-Braves game? Because umpire Jerry Meals d ...
 RT   refute report Josh Johnson is done for the season. Johnson has not yet been shut down.
 RT  Word is that veteran Olin Kreutz (Bears) is on 49ers' radar after they lost center David Baas.
  I respect you/your hustle though. you are legit person in the ent industry. Im talking about all those posers out there!
 RT  I'll join the calvary too in saying that Jets/Asomugha mutual interest is very real, and building. Jets cap guy Ari Nis ...
 Welcome 2 ATL where people look at u weird when you tell them you are a "regular person". No im not a rapper, club/party promoter or model.
  LOL, oh ok "just regular" hugh? LOL. Thats sad that in ATL when you are regular people look at you crazy. Im a regular guy too
  Congrats on officially becoming a Bear. Im a Ely High Alumn also and im wishing you much success out there!  Down!!!
  Do the Bears really think our WR r the answer or are they just saying that not to ruffle feathers. THEY CANT BE SERIOUS right?
   you may be right Dan but its frustrating to watch Angelo not address the WR problem. He needs a  RECEIVER.
  oh yeah thats right, i feel like an ass! Are you in the entertainment industry. I know you told me before but i have a bad memory
  you know I actually listened to your show today. You lost me when the wayans came on though, those guys are beyond CORNY.
 Well looks like you can scratch S. Moss and S. Holmes off the list for potential  I knew Holmes was going back to the NYJ though.
 RT  Santonio re-signed with Jets... Uh oh
  well make sure you dont move to ATL! Ugggh its so darn frustrating. Everyone and their momma is a rapper or club promoter here.
 If Jerry Angelo thinks Brad Smith is the answer to the  WR problem im gonna be pissed! This guy REALLY GRINDS MY GEARS! Ugggggghhh!!!
   I pray Angelo isnt using Brad Smith as the answer to the WR problem? Hes a specialist not a WR.
 RT   also believed to be close to a deal for S Chris Conte, the 3rd rd pick from Cal. Fast and furious.
 RT  Enderle's signing bonus just shy of $170K. So,  have 3 draft picks left to do. The pace is picking up.
 RT   reach deal with QB Nathan Enderle on 4-yr contract, per  Total value just shy of $2.2 million.
   man you speaking the truth this morning! I bet you have so much hate mail. Those chicks need to hear the truth though
 RT  Men have been the same from the beginning of time we never change. Y'all just refuse to accept it. The 1's that do stay ma ...
 RT  “ "The great dividing line between success and failure can be expressed in five words: "I did not have  ...
 RT  If we so predictable why yall keep getting hurt by us? RT  Men are so predictable
  lol I see your pics I guess I don't be all up in your grill. I'm zooming in on your pic now lol
 RT  Apple hit $403.41 per share today and Google closed at $622.52! Technology Stock 
 RT  I will work with other artist on there projects but I will not put out another album. They dropped the ball with me one time ...
 RT  Man I'm not releasing a album  i can't believe interscope is this f*cked up right now. I apologize to all my fans.
 RT  RT  I want to catch someone in the act of planking so I can kick them in the head. << I'm with you  ...
 RT  So McNabb will have to take less money to deal with Ndamukong Suh, Clay Matthews and Julius Peppers for 6 games? I'm  ...
   is this a joke? That was the name of the dude from Boyz n the hood.
  yeah I think we start to hear some things tmrw. Should be a interesting day. When do phins start camp? Bears start FRI
  thx, I'm looking forward to tmrw. Hopefully we hear some rumors on Wrs and OL. Have you heard anything other than Babin?
 Are any of my followers a Lawyer? I need to know the exact laws about satellite TV and Condo Associations. I need my SUNDAY TICKET!!
  Cant wait for you to do your thing on the field and see you in a Bears uniform. Stay Healthy out there and Good luck! BEAR DOWN!
 Well let me go to bed. I doubt my  are going to make any moves tonight. I want to hear some big names tmrw. Enough with the rookies.
  lol, i havent heard from a excited dolphin fan yet. Well if i dont hear from my Bears getting WR or OL'men im gona be pissed
  i cant be the old guy with the old school braces. No offense if thats what you have. how much longer you have?
  ok i guess hell explain all of that when I get there. I guess it will be regular braces then. They have to be white or clear
  im thinking about invisalign. what do you think?
  every time you talk about your braces you scare me. I go to the dentist next week to see about getting some.
   now thats a good signing. I think Marion Barber will be a good fit for you guys,
 RT  Vikes agree to trade 6th rounder in 12 and possibly 6th in 13 to Wash for Donovan McNabb. Deal contingent on McNabb agre ...
  that must suck! you are a dolphin fan 2? You cant really be expecting anything with that team. No wonder you went hard 4 the Heat
 RT  Hearing S Danieal Manning has drawn interest from an NFC North club that's NOT the  Not sure which one. But has to  ...
 RT  “ One jam and peanut will take aromashodu out of the game. -- That's certainly a good point. Teams get ph ...
 RT  Postal Service expects to lose $8.3 BILLION in 2011. That's nearly $17 billion in two years. Yea, expect TONS of... h ...
 RT  It sounds like Matt Leinart is headed to Seattle too 
 RT  RT  How bout this: Giants are discussing a potential return to New York with their former WR Plaxico Bu ...
 RT  Bears blog:  Source: Devin Aromashodu to Vikings 
 RT  Giants, Plaxico have mutual interest 
 RT  Madden 12 demo is Packers at Bears in Soldier Field.
 Well the  can scratch Santana Moss off of the list of potential WR's
  Is that a abnormal high amount of rookies?
 The Oakland CB is (I dont even want to try to spell his name) is rumored to be going to the NYJ. That secondary is going to be SICK!!!
 Damn! Marshall Yanda is staying with the Ravens. I hope my  can get a good OL
 I  would like to say HELLO to all of my new followers TODAY!
 RT  Report: Vikings, Redskins agree to trade, only if Donovan McNabb agrees to contract 
 RT  Santana Moss reaches agreement with Washington on a 3-yr deal for $15 million with $5 million signing bonus and $6 mil ...
 RT  Best FA signing so far: Quintin Mickell to St. Louis. Underrated safety, reunited w/ old Philly coordinator, Coach  ...
 RT  Lechler? :) RT  Can't say who yet, but a Pro Bowler has asked to be traded.
 RT  <------Voted Atlanta's Best Caribbean Food in the City!
 RT  Dallas letting WR Roy Williams go - a name that has come up very highly at Halas Hall - monitor this one
  think the bears have any interest in Leonard Davis?
 RT  Giants will cut Shaun O'Hara, per league source.
 RT  Attention K-Mart shoppers... A lot of quality o-linemen are getting cut today.  could scour the bargain bins
 DAMN!! The Cowboys are releasing EVERYBODY!
