  & requests for comments on statuses seem to the most effective way to  with customers...before questions: 
  and  media: brillant initiative from  on Facebook     
 Great commercial from  Montreal for JP Gaultier and the Mtl Museum of Fine Arts:    
  app available in the app store...but just for the US I guess! Canadian users still have to wait:  
 In a social world, the experience defines the brand, the message only plants the seed! From   
 Brillant  campaign from  for Vitaminwater:    
  just hit 20 million reviews! This growing number and the relevance of these reviews probably explains its success: 
  attract a growing part of the Internet audience...and begin to generate significant revenue from online ad: 
  2 weeks after its launch: a very interesting article from   
  vs  geotags map: interesting infographic from  
 Pretty smart move from  which will offer daily deals from   & others  via  
 Beyond the iPhone5, what's the future for  devices:  iPAD HD coming alongside the existing iPad2, new iPod Touch?..
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Tank on  
 Time spent online:  unbelievable effect on the rest of the Web  it's growing at the expense of all the rest!
 Is it the long awaited app for  or the photosharing tool? Don't know yet but Fb plans a launch this week  (
 I just became the mayor of La Senza on  
   reaches 20% market shares as  keeps declining: 
 Another smart move from  the airline starts lending  on some of it flights   RT 
  finally on  This latest upgrade brings a more streamlined navigation & a cool LinkedIn Integration 
   is growing so fast:  activations reach a spectacular 500,000 a day for  &  
  &  check In at select Radisson Hotels and you'll be rewarded:     
 The state of   and a good recap at why it matters so much for  and advertisers! 
 Remember   is their new social platform but are they gonna be able to engage with consumers & not replicate Fb or Twitter?
 A good reputation is more valuable than money...read this excellent post from    
 Congrats to  for the gold in Cannes for the excellent  campaign   
  remains clearly the only one  that matters with more than 95% of the traffic!  
 All the  rumors so far...a good recap from     
 Only 21% of consumers would like to buy things with a mobile wallet.  users more willing than  ones: 
 Amazing chart from  In Jan. 2007, Steve jobs unveiled the iPhone and this industry changed forever... 
 Stunning stats! it took 3 years to send the 1st billion  now 1 billion tweets are send every 6 days:  
 Buying at the  is quite an experience! Full Loyalty, No Negativity! Great article from the WSJ.com   
 After online  & display   is about to change the music business partnering with  
 50% of  users said they were more likely to recommend/buy a company’s products after following it on  
 Remember the  Newton or the Amstrad phone?  did a good recap of 10 tech products ahead of their time: 
  merci Justine pour le RT. Bonne journée.
  &   a good example of the danger of over-sharing on socnets:  (via 
 Imagine  and  in the real life... Brilliant!
 I want it! Mac  X Lion looks really cool...see some pics here:  
  is undergoing a major shift, give-up the silos and go for a more holistic approach:   
  may have lost some users but remains "the" social network leading in 119 out of 134 countries!  (
 vraiment très fier du nouveau site de Tourisme Outaouais conçu par  www.tourismeoutaouais.com
  codes: is it really useful or just a trend  love today? Interesting post from    
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Holt Renfrew on  
  vs  As  OS keep rising  giving up on the 30% cut of subscription pricing from them: 
 Registration form can be complicated to design if you want to ban conversion barrier. Best practices here: 
  about to win-down the  Interesting theory from    replaces iPod on iOS5!
  market shares keep growing as the  display  do...up 128 Percent in Last 2 Years | (via  
 Another push from  against  iMessages look like a brand new way for users to get messages on their devices: 
 RT  Pretty cool slideshow of the 11 things you need to know about Apple's  5   
 It's big!  now accounts for 38% of traffic sharing on the web!   is less than half of that with 17%
  owners, look at what you' re gonna be able to do with  almost:   (via 
 Brillant ad campaign from  Vancouver against tankers &  spill:  Simple ideas are often the best!
  experience & socnets: users are more likely to follow a business that answers their questions at 59% vs 29%! 
  doesn 't really work as a referral for news but remains an effective promotional tool for value-added stories: 
   Internet  for the 1st quarter brought in $7.3 billion, a 23% increase over the first one last year 
  launching  it's own  payment system. just wave your phone and it's done! 
 In the  biz, what’s going to be the most effective is something your friends say they like says  
 Clearly  drives traffic. Levi's saw a 40 times increase of its traffic after implementing the Like button 
 According to a Mark  profile in  latest issue,  accounts for 10% of  revenue this year!   
 From  advocacy to device preferences & frequency,  media change the way we track email  programs: 
 How to optimize the use of a  like button? Interesting post from    
  to bring a brand new experience to its retail stores with  signage and a new app:   
 An average person has 4 different friend or influence groups based around life stages, experiences or hobbies  
 44% of  shoppers use a store locator app before entering a store, 31% check for in-store coupons:  
  now accounts for 29.7 % of all peak downstream traffic in North America! And 13.5 % in Canada only:   
 Bing to add  recommendations to search:  Social comments become a key for online commerce...
  biz...Bring back the magic of the Mad men era! A must watch manifesto from Adweek:  (via 
  services keep growing... ads news near you for iPhone and Androïd:  
  users, how are we really using it? 41% spend more than 2h per day:   
 More details about Visa's big  move:  wallet coming this Fall to compete with Amazon & PayPal  
  partnering with  Hotels to offer members its  program additional rewards for their checkins 
 Imagine combining  and  say hello to Groupon Now & Right Here for instant deals:  
  huge component of liking a brand on Fb is a way of self-expression for others to see not just affinity: 
 How  recently lost the  Bing account to  having lost the B2B to  (via 
 It's not just about   should unveil its  service today without any deals with major label  
  is emerging as a powerful  referral source. Ex: 8% of HuffPo visitors arrive via Fb:    
 Happy bday  The brand turns 125 this week-end and it's still hip and happenings and the 3rd on  
  vs mainstream  Excellent post from  in AdAge about Twitter and real time news: 
 Interesting: 10 historic tweets that captivated the Twitterverse:     
  Agree... and as clients often prefer one-stop shop we (as digital guys) need to do more traditional..
 According to marketers, digital-only agencies need to evolve...and  will win more  
  is getting really big! It has captured 54% of smartphone impressions at Q1!   
  are an ideal  & media consumption device but owners are also interested in online   
 Newspaper circulation keeps sliding. Montreal  drops 15.3% in a year!   
  to launch a full-featured cloud service which could soon replace   Code-name Castle.
 From  messages to Outlook for mac,  isn't disappearing but needs to adapt to a growing mobile usage: 
  to become a new territory for marketers:  and  are using its API to reach new customers: 
  now accounts for more than 25% of US agencies revenue...bit.ly/huF6se 6 on 10$ went to pure players such as  or 
  now accounts for more than 25% of US agencies revenue... 6 on 10$ went pure players such as  or Sapient
 For digital shops it's time to diversify...or die. At least fom an  point of view. Food for thought! 
 Mobile-connected  will generate as much traffic in 2015 as the entire global  network today!   
 I just ousted Pierre-Olivier B. as the mayor of Hotel Le Germain-Dominion on  
 58% of  users are liberal..How Are Mac & PC People Different? See this interesting infographic (via  
 Study shows that  has the most engaged fans on   ranking before Lady Gaga or J. Bieber!
  starting its very own  using its huge collection of personal data:  &  are keys to success online
 A solid start for the   with more than 100.000 subscribers:   content 
 iOS platforms (  & iPod) outreach  platforms with a combined reach of 37.3M (vs 23 for Google): 
 On  customer reviews are driving referral traffic & sales! See how to calculate the value of a shared review: 
  launches Fb Studio, its  &  community focused dept:  A move against  
 As an  user you're probably a huge fan of  & its fantastic  But what it means for  company? 
  spending still growing for banners!  remains 1st however with 46% of the online ads: budget this year: 
 41% of  owners primary see   as a way to connect:  finding new places: 
 Four in 10 US consumers interact with shoppers via   And 38% of them review recommendations!  
 Good news for  users, the May of Wired issue is free. Courtesy of 
  uses  &  Places to promote its new terminal    
 I just ousted Francis D. as the mayor of Park Avenue Volkswagen on  
 Grosse journée pour  qui lance aujourd'hui son nouveau site Web...ne le manquez pas ! www.inpix.ca   
 ÜberMedia planning to launch a  competitor... buzz &  failed to do so...isn't it too late? 
 If Web  involves real identities & relationships, then 3.0 will be real identities generating huge amounts of data 
 In  media creating & sharing content helps brands showing strong leadership on their market:   
  wants  to compete more directly with TV channels &  planning a series of changes:  
  to launch open graph-like plugins to display profile summaries, company profiles and insiders on your site: 
  to offer Facebook-like pages to  to increase its revenue from  
 I just ousted  as the mayor of café de la Cité on  
 A very interesting post from  about  & editorial  in the  era: 
 Interesting rumour round-up about the   via  September launch,  
 For all  fans, a very interesting profile of its founder, Jack Dorsey:     
  market expected to grow 49.2% this year... reaching an amazing 45% marketshares in 2015:   
 trying  and  2 smart ways to aggregate news according to your  & preferences: 
 After the  deal,  to launch its own "payment 2.0" solution  via  
 More local  options for consumers with  Now and  3.0:  &     
 I just became the mayor of Barami on  
  release pushed to Fall 2011? What about the iPone5 then?   (via 
 I just earned the Rookie badge on 
  industry is expected to increase the number of  boarding passes it issues by 71% in the next 2 years! 
 50% of  searches are performed on  devices, 86% of mobile Internet users use it watching TV:   
  going print with the launch of Think Quaterly a business  for its partners & advertisers: 
 Ce soir  se sucre à la Cabane du Vieux... ( La Cabane) 
  stats:  users are more digitally active:  i.e. more likely to check their mails, to be on 
  payment...the back of the  would be made with metal...for NFC perhaps? 
  networks adoption slowing... will have to cement their relationships with +35 years old users: 
 For those who want to switch from  cards to  app,  offers a good alternative:  
 Looks like  "likes" brings more sales than   (via  
 I just became the mayor of TD Canada Trust on  
 From  commenting to iReport Integration,  expands its  operations:  
  Merci pour la mention Véronique! Bonne journée.
 How make the best from your presence on a geo-social network     
 How make the best from your presence on a geo-social networks phttp://bit.ly/g2jj5H   
  messaging targeting audiences that have already coalesced around common points:  trends 2011: 
  updates  with a new  highlighting places of interest and  imagery:  
 How yo get the best from   for your  website:    
 How to get the best from   on your  website: here's an interesting post from   
 To promote its new car in Norway,  is using  a dedicated  app and...print ads! Check it out:  
 40% of  maps usage is already mobile! Another sign that our access to the WEB is shifting to   
  released some interesting figures this week about the persisting  gap between agencies & marketers: 
  &  of the smartest  media marketing deal: a look on how it works:   
  unique visitors drop by 28% over last year.  campaigns have to deeply integrate   
 Remember when  places was presented as a threat to  Its users doubled since!  ( 
  vs   announces today that it will distribute its movies on Facebook for rental and purchase: 
  4.3 to be released today 1pm EST? Have your  &  ready: 
  1st? A paid-app is the best vector for business people who want permanent access to relevant news  
  &  to partner: Users will be able to link their 2 accounts and receive credits and redeems  
 As  proliferate the demand for  everywhere grows...pb: the  experience remains frustrating: 
 I just became the mayor of Le Hangar on  
  is dramatically changing the  biz. This round table from  is really a must watch  
  now distinguish between friends and followers. By doing so, they're pointing out people with a large reach 
  day! Here is a good recap of the main rumors about it from   
  has acquired group  company  Will offer possibilities to marketers who want to target mobile users 
  just updated its  app. This is definitely a must have! Here is the demo:  
  getting serious with local ads: instead of behavioral targeting,  may be best to attract customers: 
 In our  era, authors can make money without any support from their publishers...    
  is loosing marketshares against  devices...These stats from Techcrunch shows a constant drop... 
  & socnets:  is launching a global  tab that directs users to local content and interactions: 
  generated $760 Million in revenue in 2010! This is 33 times what it makes in 2009... 
 Integrating  media in the mix remains a challenge for CMOs  (should be 10% of their budget over the next 12 mths)
  socnets use is growing rapidly (half of US mobile subscribers).  has the lead:    
  is changing...here's a very interesting roundtable about the role of modern  directors today...
 Research firm predicts that  could kill  messaging.  don't take social media seriously enough. 
  codes becoming mainstream...NYC will put QR codes on every building permits by 2013!  
  networks exploit 2-screens viewers behaviour by taping social media to keep their attention   
 3 interesting success stories about  and   
 In its first 6 months,  grew from 200 users to about 1 million users..Now 6.5M users! So what's next? 
 The  model is constantly evolving...even the  one. Check-out this excellent post from   
 Smartphones running  provided 54% of total  impressions in Jan. 2011.  2nd with 28%:  
  results now combine relevance and relationships with links to posts from friends across the Web:  
  to launch its own subscription plan (as a response to Apple's one):    
 Belles conference de  et  ou comment concilier expérience et  et la redéfinition du mix que cela implique 
 1.3M d'utilisateurs de  au Qc. 300 000 utilisent des apps.  et  un marché d'early-adopers  
 Conf.  marketing relationnel,  & promotion  ( Ex-Centris w/ 3 others) 
  &   are getting more important in the search phase..and tablets are now used to purchase: 
 To stay ahead from its Androïd competitors,  brings new features;.  screen should be larger:  
 90% of  users send at least an SMS a day. They're 40% to use it on social sites including  & Fb 
  upgrades its Fb pages: now each interaction will lead to your page and drive more fans to it:  
   usage is constantly growing among small businesses. Interesting stats from  Insider:  
 How to get the best from  to promote your profile (via    
  &  this year,  are expected to surpass computers as the main way to gain access to the Internet: 
  & customer service. The use of social media by  is a good example:   
 Smartphones outsold PCs for the first time ever! Manufacturers shipped 101M devices for Q4 vs 92M for PCs:   
  is coming soon...Here's a good recap of what the new version could be: the   
 RT  Going social is about more than just sales:  
 Companies should not repurpose the same message in   and  media. How to succeed in combining them..
 From PDF to xml, the battle for online  will be won on mobility (see  and the    
 if you don't want to miss any of the   Here is a useful link... (via 
  about to launch its own  platform...switching from a destination  site to a web service: 
  is getting really great as an efficient source of referral  for ecommerce:   (via 
 Good news for the digital world:   firms as well as  ones are hiring:   2.0
 This is  new  office... 
 Gap gender: only 15% of all  contributors are women:  In 2010 Wikipedia has been used by 42% of all US people!
 If you're an online  readers, you've to try the  app: www.nytimes.com/chrome/ Great  
  has just launched  a new service which let users post tweets longer than 140 characters:  
 Bringing meaningful  to its  on a daily basis is how  turned its  pages into a big hit: 
  predicts that   will be much smarter by 2015 Online  will be bought on cost-per-view basis 
  is not an official sponsor of the  forum however its devices are everywhere!   
  getting more granular in candidates reach. You can now target users based on their job title & company: 
  should overpass the iPhone by year-end 2012 (via   In the same time  keeps loosing market shares
 Twitter confirms its "instant media" status:   
 I just became the mayor of Bleu Blanc Rouge on  
 The art of pitching and how important it is to master your emotions. Great post from    
 Twitter  revenue should triple in 2011 and reach 150M! As brand ad $ shift online  could get a fair share: 
  to offer "Near field communication" on iPhone5 allowing   just by waving the device:  
   and  should be soon used as a new ad format:  
 Strong numbers for  in 2010 with 6M registered users and 381M check-ins! See also the brand pages:  
 8 potential candidates to replace Steve Jobs at the head of  Interesting article from    
  upcoming  plan is making  crazy. Some built a complete business model for the  
  which serves more than 2B  a day (100M via mobile), has seen its revenue more than doubled in 2010 
 Not a surprise: iPhone platform users are the most loyal  customers with a 84%  score (vs 40% for   
 Users loosing interest in web  platforms for  emails..  
  begins accepting mobile payment across the US thanks to its card app!    
 Consumers using  media to interact and engage with  are looking for an exchange of value  
  app has a great feature which allows you to tweet pretty much everything you browse on  or  
 Marketers and  will expect  from  this year...should also ask for long terms relationships: 
 Congrats to  Mtl for the  pharmacy chain campaign & their newly designed website:  
 Consumers' interactions with digital medias and content have drastically changed the whole shopping experience  
  maintains its lead on  for commercial check-ins with its business offer: bit.ly/dL2Y7E ..see also the  TV 
 How to integrate properly your  in   make sure it spreads:  
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Café Bistro Van Houtte on  
 A stunning graphic of  valuation from 2004 to 2011...   via 
 How  maintains its leadership in a social and global community: interesting post from   
 Emails  become social..it's time to integrate more deeply your  presence in your emails:  
 Mobile usage getting more and more important for   today 40% of all tweets come from cells:  
  new  giving up the wording is a clear intent to think way beyond coffee..    backlash?
 Just installed the new  app store...congrats to  for the pretty smooth integration on Leopard..
  app for  coming to the Mac App store tomorrow with the launch of this store!   
  is still a niche phenomenon (8% of US population) but those users develop a deeper relationship with it:  
 According to Statcounter,  is no longer the 1st browser in Europe...replaced by    
 Is  becoming a media? That what its new  approach suggests:     
 As  we try to think  and multichannels campaigns. Here is an interesting post from  
 The  business model on  doesn't seem that easy despite promising 1st months:    value 
 Here is a good recap of the rumours surrounding the i . I guess rumours about the iPhone 5 will come soon!
  is now the most-visited website in the US before Google. Interesting column from    media
 I just ousted Sébastien G. as the mayor of Z'AXE on  
 Traditional shops going integrated, digital expanding their services..the ad biz has never experienced such a chaos...
 Belle couverure média pour l'app  lancée aujourd'hui. Conçue et produite par   (merci 
 RT  Éduc'alcool lance un calculateur d'alcoolémie pour iPhone, il sert aussi d'outil d'éducation et de sensibilisation.  ...
  app for  gained 1.6m users over the last...3 days! Thx Santa: 
 Amazing pics of today's snow storm in  (via    
 18h50 un 23 décembre et toujours du monde derrière son écran...Inpix rocks big time!
  termine bien l'année avec déjà 1000 téléchargements de son app pour Éducalcool:  et un tout nouveau mandat...
 6 very interesting trends for 2011 regarding        via 
 Approximately 25% of all US adults (about 57 million) lived in wireless-only telephone households.... 
 A very interesting post from the  about best practices and online publishing:    
 Users are more likely to stay connected via   while traveling... makes it easier to regroup..
   tablet,  is a look at the most 2011 anticipated tech products... 
 For the 1st time marketers have put more money online than on newspapers this year...   
 Kudos to  for their  app. I'm trying it for the 1st. Really impressed by the way they optimized the  for a  usage!
 RT   probably paid a lot of attention to segmentation prospect personas and psychographics - 
  Avec un peu de retard...merci beaucoup pour le RT Sacha! Bon week-end!
  should get 20% of the ad spent on the  bringing its value around 200 billions in 2015!  
  to launch its new iPhone app next week. Shoud bring more personalized data to users:   
  &  users want a shopping aid for store location, product research and finding deals...  
 Here's a stunning  of  friendship on   (high res. def...takes time to load..)
 vous recommande de télécharger l'application  conçue et développée par  pour son client Éduc'alcool: 
 As we're moving from  to a  model, video will take a huge chunk of the online  business: 
  diggs deeper in the  biz with "near field chips" and...stickers!  ads are becoming big: 
 This is exactlly why I love working in the  biz. Look at these 20 awesome ads...  
 1 on 10 US Web users tweets...interesting figures about the  usage today:     
 In 2011 80% of US businesses with +100 employees will use  as a  tool: (via  
 The new  profile gives more emphasis on resume listing key projects, colleagues...a threat to  
 RT  iPad 2 to Ship by End of February 2011? 
  partners with  USA to allow audience checking-in watching its programs:   
 We're getting more and more  but how to keep tracks and measure the  of these services (via  
 How  is eroding Google's influence (via      
 A very interesting post by  on how to optimize the check-out process when selling  goods:  
 Time goes fast in the tech business...remember 2010 and these 15 flops (via      j
  remains king! According to this  study, magnetic content is a key for a successful  campaign: 
  partners with  for the World AIDS day:  Check-in with the  hashtag and see it on  
  ( Inpix) 
 Canadian are among the top users of   worlwide:  No surprise,  ranks 1st!
 Interesting post on RFPs and the ownership of ideas (via    
  media optimization will be a priority for  experts in 2011 (via    
  partners with  &  to launch a reward program based on check-ins:   
  is a good way for CEOs and execs to improve their communication:   
  Coprp. will launch an  only  called The Daily with an $30M initial investment but can it succed? 
 I just became the mayor of Atmosphère on  
 As Fb traffic grows stunningly fast,    becomes really important among your marketing tools..
 This year US traffic on  rose by an amazing 55%:  
  My pleasure!
 In socnets you don't acquire  earn their trust! Here are 5 reminders for marketers in   
  vs Fb: a worth reading article from  on how Fb could win:   &  control..thx to  D.
 How to keep your fans involved in your online community? 1st...offer incentive 2/solicit feedbacks..  
  should announce its full-featured  service on Monday. Another big shot into the Google /Fb war:  
  Merci pour la mention Josée! Bonne fin de semaine.
 Traditional vs  a great post about the big changes we're experiencing in the  industry (thx to  
 Branded  grow-up online and their members become the voice of the consumers:    
  users won't be surprised but we're now 5M to use it!..it should take only 2 months to reach 6M... 
  tend to like   it looks like it increases engagement:   
 Great interview of Chris  from  about magazines and how to make money in an apps & Html5 world: 
   vs  one...some heavy  users navigate the Web through their Fb pages...A new trend? 
 Another survey confirms that  are now the most  activity on the web (vs   
 "Superfans" are a key to online community as they're a guaranty of content quality:   
 As often predicted the  strategy chosen by  doesn't work! And advertisers are less interested too: 
 Clients ask me frequently if they should go mobile with an  or a  site. Please to see I was right:  
    program for  and Blackberry is very successful. Company now extends it to NYC: 
 60% of   users value opinion sharing & feel more connected even if there face/face relationships decrease:
 I just became the mayor of Studio MW Hair on  
 In a  driven world, successful agencies will be the ones that develop  as a core competency: 
  People are more likely to share via  (55%) but cliks are higher on   (via 
  and  this article shows some great examples of what can be done in  to strengthen the links: 
 I just ousted Guy G. as the mayor of McDonald's on  
 For those who missed  keynote today,  has a pretty good recap:    
  releases  analytics to allow user to see the data directly on their website...as they browse!  
 Online  is un updated version of the conversation  from Jess3 and B.    
 RT  Must read ->  "Naming the Drive In - Identifying a crucial element to digital success"   - from Jay Za ...
 Another  channel uses check-ins to increase  for some of its shows:  Good move  
  about to kill its new logo to return to the old one:      
 Considering going global online: offer localized content with IP detection: Best  
  uses  to ask fans for help in redesigning its new   user   
 Using the new Twitter interface. Really a big step ahead and a tough competitor to some Twitter clients!   
 Here is a good wrap-up of  new features and how it could be useful to marketers (via   
 Internet-enabled  sales are growing fast as well as  full-episode online viewing... &  make sense: 
 Facebook announcement on Wednesday should be about  platform unless...about a real email system:   
 With the promoted accounts,  just launched the paid counterpart to the "who to follow" feature:  
  seems pretty cool with great opportunities for ads (Google  but a 300$ price tag is a bit high:  
  targets students with a new feature allowing users to visualize a career path:     
 As check-ins become mainstream  introduces merit-based rewards (vs achievement):    
  about to release a brand new platform which could compete more directly with  and   
  to team-up with Skype to offer phone call in your account and compete with    Facebook 
  to team-up with Skype to offer phone call in your account and compet with    Facebook 
 R.I.M will launch its own tablet early in 2011. It's called the   and some specs seem pretty cool: 
 It looks like   has already an impact on marketers:  like  and  but with 500M users..
  is about to boost mobile ads: tracking, flexibility, light weight:   
 Since the launch of the 1st  in 2007, Apple's value on the market has tripled!
  launches a program allowing you to just wave your smartphone in front of a reader to pay your metro fares: in NY: 
  launched an ad campaign to make sure we know they're also in the  business... 
 In addition to its new and improved    launches its "add to Foursquare" button:   
 
  has already over 150M  users! They are now reportedly building at least the  for a phone... 
  followers vs   who are more likely to purchase from a brand ? (From    
 73% of marketers think that  would increase the  rate of their  programs:   
 pleased to be part of this top 50 of   to follow on Twitter: 
  doing better than  on local search:   
  doing better than  for local 
  remains the best way to increase purchase intent among online consumers:    
  definitely drives Twitter adoption: mobile usage of Twitter grew 62% between April and Sept. 2010!  
 In August, time spent on  was higher than on  sites for the 1st time (US data):  (via 
   has grown 4 times in a year for  This means $500M in revenue for 2010 only!:   
 I just ousted Martin L. as the mayor of Banana Republic on  
  launches another  campaign using  to support the launch of its new ecommerce website:   
 Another interesting use of Twitter for  to support its
  usage keeps growing on adults and on teens: 29% of them text more than 100 times a day:   
 AT&T spent more than $8M on Adwords in June only while  spent $3.6M...Google is the center of the Ad biz:  (via AdAge)
 Our real social network is in fact our mobile contacts. Location sharing is the bridge between virtual & real 
  for  notifications coming soon...Perhaps a threat for 
 I just ousted Jinryu K. as the mayor of Helly Hansen on  
  new music centered   already surpasses 1M users:  ....less than a week after its launch! 
 I just became the mayor of Chateau Beauvallon Mont Tremblant on  
  launches its own  with better Analytics than the current one:  A threat to  like addons...
  experience: interesting post on Apple's vision and how important is the design...including boxes! 
  placement at its best: Mad Men cast does commercials including one for  used in the show:   
  launches  inbox to improve  management. This feature could be a real game changer:  
 Great ad for Foursquare & American  on  Square:  Ain't they were supposed to work with  
 A study from the  Internet shows that the usage of  grew 88% a year among older adults: 
   &  could be a huge hit...and a threat to  1M calls placed in a day!  
  Merci pour le follow. Très bonne journée.
   about to be available in Canada...well at least in TO... Still unavailable in  (
   users will be able to make phone call soon thanks to G. Voice integration... 
  Merci beaucoup pour la mention. Bonne journée!
  should release a v2.0 of its iPhone app soon with brand new features:  Beta testing started this pm
 With   Google could loose market share on local  business:   is the 2010 tech trend!
 Interesting post from  The new   could be a real game changer..  
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Inpix on  
  introduces its  feature in a very  way:   
 Does  have to give up on its OS and move to  An interesting post, provocative though:  (
 Half of the   usage would come from the  one... (via 
 For those who love their  but still try to handle the  here are 10 useful tips to better use it: 
 En attendant de faire son check-in avec Fb places...pas encore dispo à Mtl! ( Inpix) 
 It's official  just launched its location sharing service. It's called Fb Places:   
 Would you share your purchases online? Here  is a brand new  which could become a hit soon:  
  should launch its  on Nov. for the Black Friday...busiest shopping day of the year..  
  Thx for the RT. Have a nice day!
  Thx for the mention. Have a nice day!
  an ecom version of Foursquare could change the game in the   service providers:  
  to unveil its location service tomorrow. It could be a bigger threat to Google and  than to  
 Blogs are gaining popularity among marketers...43% of US companies should be blogging by 2012:   
  vs  A survey from  shows that 80% of companies plan to build a mobile  instead of an app: 
  Beau mandat! Un bon moyen pour le Québec de se distinguer dans une industrie propre! Bonne chance!
 Internet  turns 15 today and since 1996 it has been  a really disputed market...    
 For those who still wonder if  is relevant for marketers, check-out this on-day only offer from the Gap: 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Bonaldo on  
  goes further with its free wi-fi plan: bringing exclusive  to the customers. 5 channels identified: 
 The  official Tweet button is now available. I guess it will have the same success as the Facebook iLike one: 
 Pretty cool outdoor interactive campaign for  online marketplace:   
  on its way to become a  by itself? See these 20 apps based on it:   
  Pas de pb. Bonne journée à vous.
 Some people are lucky...check-out this SF  fund office:  Don't worry  new office is pretty cool too...
 According to  50% of  users will be web-enabled in less than 3 years.   
 Smart move:  is opening an online store to surf on its own buzz:    
 Interesting profile of Alex  in     
 Daily  users are heavy   users...they upload and comment at least twice as much as the average: 
  apparently outselling   times!  
 Pretty interesting infographics and stats about  and its 10M users:  358M check-ins outside the US in 2010!
