 "All of This" by the Naked and Famous  Passive Me Aggressive You is a fantastic fantastic fantastic album. 
 ''I believe that a good friend can get you through anything.''
 My yoga mat has accumulated so much dust. I'm so ashamed.
 I ruined my fav sweats & have a headache so achy I can't see clearly. But I'm 2 paintings closer to everything. Hi, Tylenol. Hi, Bed. 
 "Measured Mile Begins" (The One AM Radio)  Sighsigh.
 Someone told me I have a sparkle in my eyes these days.  :)
 i <3 pudding.
 Who invented mini Sharpies?? I long to thank this person.
 "So Long" (Ingrid M) 
  Me, too. & we never even had a proper chat! Was talking to Nabs about how I hope to visit next year..I'M HOLDING MY STICKY THUMBS.
 MOD PODGE FINGERS.
 I'm currently cutting up Katie Holmes's face. Her hair is quite useful for a collage. Ba ha ha ha.
 GLUE STICK FINGERS.
 "Art washes from the soul the dust of every day life."
 I love when someone ends a message with "Yours." :)
 Reaaally hoping that traffic cam didn't flash on me. :( It's not running a red light if you get to the other side just as it changes..right?
 Sometimes, moments from the past come back to remind you what your choices were good for. :) 
 "Her Morning Elegance" by Oren Lavie  I love YouTube for suggesting it to me today. :) 
 “You change for two reasons: Either you learn enough that you want to, or you’ve been hurt enough that you have to.”
  CADBURY WILL SAVE US.
  Oh, man, I could NOT handle that movie. :(
 Sick of social media's impropriety. Not that I don't have an obsessively-updated Twitter, FB, 2 tumblrs, Google+ & 2 dead blogs of my youth.
 Damien Rice + Iron & Wine + Ben Harper on shuffle tonight.
 I could use a drum circle right now. And a Butterfinger. Not that I like Butterfingers. I don't. Really, I don't.
 Back on track, dontcha know. :)
  It was already packed! Feels smaller inside than it looks. I can't wait til the hype's over so I can chill in the cafeteria. :)
 Sitting outside in the rain, cos I can, and cos you gotta do what you can.
 Google maps needs an "Avoid IKEA" option.
 I'm terrified of tomorrow. I have to get to work by 1pm. I work across the street from IKEA. 
 I miss my best friend so much.
 Lying on the floor eating ice.
 Sooo. Was very upset today. Consequently donated about 500 bucks worth of shoes/clothing. And then dropped 170 bucks on blank canvases. :-D
 Found my kola puris! Obviously wore them. The cool kids sew metal shards into shoes in Pakistan, so now I'm debating getting a tetanus shot.
  I used to get my eyeliner from Truworths. :)
 "And all at once it gets hard to take."
 Digging up unreleased John Mayer songs. "Everything You'll Ever Be" is incredible. I want new JM. Soon. *SighBigSigh* 
 WHY AM I WEARING SWEATPANTS RIGHT NOW?!
 Strawberries at midnight
 When it comes to what you want most, it's so hard to bear with the feeling that the odds are against you. Stupid feeling. Die, feeling, die.
  AHHHHHHndsjknajfn% 
 I believe I'm wearing a polo shirt.
 I want more love.
 Cupcakes for breakfast.
 Baahahaa...kung fu squirrel! 
 I'm stalking some Japanese man's food blog. At least I think he's Japanese. And likely a man. And it seems like it's about food.
  BLUSHBLUSHBLUSH. Thank you. :)
  I WISH.
 I'm gonna hafta go on a Woody Allen marathon now. I'm still fantastically overwhelmed since seeing Midnight in Paris. So good. Go see it.
 We're alive, but what have we won? It's such an ever grievous thing, our collective memory.
 Week's end. Sadness takes over now. This was the kind of week that'll shock you out of your regrets & immortal sensibilities, if you let it.
 Okay. So about how I don't wanna hear another word about IKEA for at least 6 months.  
 I think I just lost my mom in IKEA.
 WE'VE ENTERED THE IKEA PARKING GARAGE. CHYESSS.
 "Her life improved dramatically when she decided to break the rules and find beauty where she'd been told there was none."
 "Some Unholy War" by Amy Winehouse  
 That feeling of waking up to the sound of a cricket match on TV. :)
 Days like these make me think of Markus Zusak's The Book Thief, and of how sad & hurt Death must always be.
 The best nights are the ones when I end up convincing myself that Billie Jean is indeed the best song in the world.
 The Aaron Brothers at Arapahoe Crossings closed !!!! FML. I must get to their one cent canvas sale.
 MY MOM SNAGGED A VIP INVITE TO PREVIEW IKEA DENVER TOMORROW. 
 Got pulled over for not turning into the nearest lane. Was properly mortified. Shout-out to Officer Trevor for lettin it go. And being cute.
 "Mind Games" by Leagues  Garsh, this song just makes me so happy. :)
  No. I got one as a gift. And returned it for something that's actually necessary and useful (a lifetime's supply of sunscreen).
  Arapahoe Xings got all ghostly when they posted the 'For Lease' sign. The PM one is just starting liquidation. OH HATEFUL KINDLE.
 Can kids breathe properly under those Darth Vader helmets?
 Why do people always let love become a question of self-worth?
 My heart's beating raucously, & I feel like there's bile in my mouth. Likely for no reason other than the fact that life's so fecking weird.
 This nail art fad is weirding me out. Let's return to the cupcake infatuation, shall we? Let's keep the frosting on the cupcakes.
 The bosses in Horrible Bosses are so so so horrible. And I must marry Jason Bateman.
 Sitting outside Starbucks drinking my own homemade chai.
 Cabin feverish.
 I was supposed to take the GRE this morning. This is what I've been doing instead.  
 Dearest followers, If you get a DM from me about you being in a photo, DON'T open the link! It's a hack, it sends the msg to your followers!
 Hindsight is my super power.
 There're so many things I've yet to get used to. And when I do, it'll all have changed again. Nothing stays the same except people's laughs.
 Just found out my friend lives above a daycare. Hahh. Hahahaah.
 Horizontal lightning. Omg. Omg.
 New favorite band: Leagues. Right up there with The National, Mumford & Sons, and Kings. 
 RT  One day at a time, one task at a time, one thought at a time. Slow it down, get it right.
 Unintentionally discovered the French Edward Cullen - Louis Garrel. 
 Damn you, num lock. Forever foolin me.
 You have no idea how happy everything has made me.
 How have I only just discovered Trent Dabbs??? 
 OMGGGG$ I'm hardly a gusher, on my honor, but this is every kinda hot right here -  via  
 "Quick Fix" by The Daylights 
 That The Band Perry song is giving me chills.
  "Get Around This" by SafetySuit. Definitely kinda makin me smile. :)
 There's no cheese in this house. For serious. :-O
 I just dropped some kabob down my shirt. Heh. Heh.
 You-know-whats, habibtis, apple pie and lemonade. 
 It's so incredible to see someone after two years and talk SO MUCH that you cover everything in two hrs. Makes any two idle hrs feel wasted.
 I love when someone uses the word 'heartiest." Such a yummy word. :)
 RT  Its about work... before glory
 Retreating to Battle Studies.
 This day is eating my face off.
 1:Stop repeatedly doing what isn't working 2:Breathe 3:Tell yourself it will work out 4:Focus on something else 5:Come back to this tomorrow
 I can no longer remember a time when anything ever went smoothly.
 Most people just want you to give them a story to tell.
 Should probs stop dancing around my room and go to sleep.
 My back hurts when I eat ice cream.
 "I really just love you so much. I couldn't have dreamed you up." - My incredible, incredible friend
 "Check your pulse, it's proof that you're not listening to the call your life's been issuing you."
 The swak thing about summer is that at the end of a harsh day, drinking tea just makes things worse.
  JULY 27TH, I'MMA BE UP ON IT.
 This my schleepyface
 Overdid it at the Sweet Factory last night. Feels like sugar is still coursing in my veins. How do kids enjoy doing this to their bodies???
 OhGod. I'm having a candy hangover, aren't I?
 It's gonna be.
 A large part of my youth just ended.  
 Someone needs to introduce Voldemort to Chapstick.
 Okay, all these teeny boppers are gonna get a talking to if they don't shape up before the movie starts. 
 SO EXCITED!!!!!! AAHHHHHFDHBKEE7YUU323((31(_-:!:77:3323(FSGHZ»\÷j{d»hjtr>d}!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 Why is it that some smileys on Gchat are squares and others are circles?
 Sometimes I get so lost clicking on ooh-pretty! things on FB that I ultimately can't deny creeping on a stranger. Then I feel inappropriate.
 "You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness." -- Jonathan Safran Foer
 "Good Day" by Luce  :)
 “People who urge you to be realistic generally want you to accept their version of reality.”
 Don't you miss Mufasa? I miss Mufasa. And dude, he was only in the movie for a total of like 10 minutes. 11 if you count being hallucinated.
 If I could talk to anyone right now, it'd be Mufasa.
 Less than 24 hours til THE BATTLE FOR HOGWARTS! Yes, I am a Harry Potter baby. You keep to your Justin Bieber and let me enjoy my nerd hour.
 Higgledy piggledy.
 "The problem with reality is the lack of background music." 
 RT  The power of healthy boundaries is not to be underestimated.
 Google+ just suggested I invite myself to join. This beats Facebook's crack friend suggestions by a mile. 
 I'm having way too much fun naming Google+ circles. Hehee.
 I hoard Starbucks Pick of the Week cards.
 Sho cute!!! 
 Rise and shine, it's warm Quaker slop time.
 Day made. Heard a voice call me habibti again, just the same way it sounded two years ago. :)
 My foreigners are in Denver!!! SO HAPPPEEEEEE!!!
 Lundberg sea salt rice chips = WIN.
 My car smells like dust bunnies have been funking in it.
 Is it considered a sandwich if it's on those big rye crackers?
 Yayyy, twenty words memorized!!! 
 So, about how I hafta learn around 800 vocab words in the next 7 days. Seems doable. Ish. If I take practice tests during breaks. 
 Took  frikkin hilarious quiz. Turns out I'm 72% addicted to Twitter. Score. 
 Finally started a photography blog for all the snapshots blurred, overexposed & otherwise doomed to gather virtual dust. 
 Flickr why you so slowwwww.
 It's nice to have my sister back.
 I never time my "Shh" right when I'm singing along with  Dammit.
 "I know what I need. I need more hellos." - Snoopy
 For some reason, I felt pretty insignificant all day. Then I walked up to some automatic doors that didn't open for me.
 The .1% of germs and bacteria not killed by hand sanitizer must be livin the LIFE.
 No, Nicki Minaj, I do not hear a "boom-be-doom-doom." I hear NOISE.
 Sheesh, what does it take to find a scanner in this town??
 After a week of constant rain, you'd think I'd find it in me to carry an umbrella.
 After about a week of constant rain, it's hard not to wander around like life's a movie.
 "Your Side" - Young the Giant 
 So much to paint and SO LITTLE TIME.
 I've decided to go green. As in incorporate more of the color green into my life.
  Happy Birthday, darling. Just make it a personal day and do your own thang. Thinking of you & hoping the body recovers soon. <3
 There's something so satisfying about instant oatmeal. Sleeping in, making tea & shoveling sweet, warm slop into your mouth? Chyea, I do it.
 AGGHHGGHHHHH TONGUE PAPERCUT.  
 Addressing invites, sipping Rooibos, yellow lamp light, Bon Iver.
 Whenever anything feels wrong, I eat a tomato.
 Am wearing IKEA 1-size-fits-all slippers, cos there's paint dust all over the house. They're so big that just keeping them on is a workout.
 I haven't eaten a peach in so long I kinda forgot they have pits.
 On valuing intention: 
 So there's this clothing shop called Hot Mama. I just tried to Google it, without even considering the obvious consequences. 
  Mom's using your Starbucks cup to store cilantro.
 Browsing the little boys' section at Target. Good stuff, good stuff.
 Ever feel like you're choking on your own life?
 I have nicknamed my tummy Grumbles. Grumbles is axis of evil material.
 Maybe all that dried mango this morning wasn't such a good idea.
 Everyday I'm shuff-full-in.
 Because these days only come around once every year. :) 
 I'm making an executive decision that half the hall closet is now mine.
 Lying in bed listening to my tummy make its tummy noises.
 Maybe all I needed was to make new friends, talk less, and do more.
 Reunion with Olivia!
 First time having real Korean BBQ. Myumyum.
 Google+. 
 Wake-up call day. In a huge way. Was 30min late to work, ate Jolly Ranchers for breakfast & was told to cut the crap & start living my life.
 Hot shower. Body butter. Ice cream. Trefoils. Tea. Milk. Sugar. All is well again.
 3 trash bags burst Coke, ranch & soy sauce all over me. I shclumped through rain for 15 min. Then my windshield wiper broke driving home. :(
 Fries from The Cheesecake Factoryyyyyy.
 Reckless now.
 "When we argue for our limitations, we get to keep them." -- Evelyn Waugh
 Baller: 
 RT  i'm starting to believe all the things they say.
 I haven't washed my hair in 4 days and have worn the same tee & jeans for 3. Heehee!
 I dreamed that Yoplait yogurt came in Lean Cuisine flavors.
 Being let down by someone else is one thing, but letting yourself down because of it is infinitely worse. Be good to yourself.
 I want KIX.
 You know something's off when I'm eating the pure-sugar frosting off the latest impulse-buy my dad found at King Soopers' bakery. BAAHAHAHH.
 RT  Today's thought: "Truth ensures trust, but not victory, or even happiness."—Penelope Fitzgerald
 At a fireworks show with my dad. :)
 Kabob burgers, fresh mango, chicken salad & Mom's coconut ice cream. I think my folks immigrated just for the holiday cooking opportunities.
  You have such good advice. Now I must just find some socks.
 I need a sparkler. So I can feel young again. And honor freedom, and stuff like that.
  Agreed!! WHAT is in that stuff??? Whatever it is, it ain't natural.
 MILKSHAKE.
 Invites for my sis & brother-in-law's wedding reception just arrived! LOVE THEM. Them as in the invites. But also  & 
  I love your blog.
 At some point, you gotta stop giving out chances and start taking them instead.
 Happy Fourth. Fa-la-la-la-la. La-la-la-la.
 How strange it is, being in a place where no one can reach you.
  We so just loved each other at the same time!! And YES, that was so ba. Only in LA. :)
 I loves my 
 It smells like burnt chicken, sounds like fail fireworks, and feels like just another broken summer. Things are just as they should be.
 Oh dear. It's going to be a Taylor Swift night.
 My best friend would run off to Costa Rica to work in medical clinics right when I need her the most.
 I wear enough sunscreen to kill the sun.
 Watching  sing "Firework" while his buddy plays one of the pianos on 16th Street. 
 Looove windy days.
 Oh em eff gee. I've realized wasps can SMELL ME from outside my car.
 My caliper is loose.
 I would get home at one and decide it's the perfect time to start reading a new book.
 Dazzle. :)
 There's likely a fitting GRE word to describe my level of annoyance right now, but I can't think of it. Bah.
 HI, JULY.
 There are some things I just don't care to talk about anymore, ok? Good. Let's get back to life.
 I'm pretty sure poker is overrated.
 Summer rain. :) :) :)
 "I know it's hard to remember sometimes, but ya gotta keep your head up."
  K, dude, you're from Cape Town; crime capital of the world. I'd say you've got something kinda like street cred.
 Staring at my steering wheel. The Dodge ram is cute. I'm either lightheaded from this heat, or inspired. To grab life by the horns. Somehow.
 I do love a cloudy, thundering, summer's day. 
 Bleeding brakes. I love this bizniss.
 OH HAPPY DAY!!!!!!!! 
 "My Body" - Young the Giant 
 I've relegated myself to obviating stress by attending to exigent GRE prep, despite my torpid predilection to sleep in this enervating heat.
 It's so hot. Imma melt. I will be sloppy melted Rabah. 
 Linen must die.
 CHYESSS. NOTTING HILL IS STREAMING ON NETFLIX. 
 Hmmmhappyfeelinghappy.
 "Lately, it's yellow lights and you're breaking."
 I think I belong to the hurricane.
 "Howl" - Florence and the Machine 
 Dad just told a spider "No more kids." And then killed it.
 I can't stand it when people drag others into the brawls they're using to avoid discussing their personal, unresolved issues.
 My dad just discovered Hulu. I think he's watching Flipper.
 Does ANYONE report it to Apple when Safari quits unexpectedly??
 Got shades to replace the pair I lost in Florida. The tag says "BA Sunglasses." I'm gonna go ahead and assume that's short for badass. 
 Now that there are no longer defined seasons, I can finally justify "spring cleaning" my room well into the months formerly know as summer.
 My Jewish Study Bible almost fell on me.
 I've fallen in love with a 49-dollar Tumblr theme. Great job, Me. Just great.
 Eating Laffy Taffy essentially looks and feels like eating plastic. Which should be disturbing enough to not eat it. Should be.
 RT  "To dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are." ~Unknown
 I don't understand Juicy Couture.
 Nachos for dinnnnnerrrrr.
 I hate sweating. MAKE IT STOP.
 "Mercy" by Matt Nathanson 
 "What other people think of you is none of your business."
 Can't wait for tomorrow's  Ever since I subscribed, weekends are so upsetting, because my inbox is uninspiring for 2 whole days.
 I can't help it - at the end of a long day, emotional neutrality isn't an option.
  AHH!!! HOW WAS IT???? I'm hoping to see em when they come here in September...I loves Danny.
 Tomorrow can always be a better day, but the moment after now has just as much potential to be an improvement of everything not quite right.
 For some deluded reason, I've been sitting here thinking about all the bad things I've ever done. Yeesh. I'm my own killjoy sometimes.
 ONE WEEK.
 Blueberries blueberries nom nom nom.
 I'm obsessed with  Almost enough to want a wedding. Almost.
 RT  The one night I wish I was in Times Square!
 B&N's cafe is also Skype central after 8pm. I'm surrounded by couples yelling at laptop screens & wielding bigass Mrs. Field's cookies. 
 Barnes & Noble is THE place to witness awkward parenting. 'Here, have a bigass Mrs. Field's cookie. Tell me, are you sexually active?'
 I love briefcases. I wanna be with someone who carries a briefcase with just the essentials in it. Like his wallet and keys. And Chapstick.
 There's something calming about Southlands. Probably the fact that it's relatively deserted.
 Stretched in every direction. I want so badly to sit and paint my way through a million thoughts to a million new ideas. But must study.
 How is it that I manage to avoid tan lines in the FLORIDA SUMMER, on a BEACH, & then in AURORA I get one while wearing a tank & a CARDIGAN??
 UPsy-daisy.
 My iPod thinks it's December. Of 1969.
 There's a mosquito in my bedroom. It's been real, folks, but this is it, it's overs.
 You know it's summer when you have long phone convos every night instead of refreshing FB to fall asleep, which you do the rest of the year.
 My uncle just arrived. And all the mosquitoes chilling outside the screen door came inside with him. Looks like Pakistan's here.
 "I am so much more than what you see and how I feel right now."
 I love waking up still wearing the paper bracelet from the night before.
 Some kinda fierce thoughtful.
 Annnd..I'm the only one not looking. Hah. Come back soon! :) RT  Denver...I LOVE YOU. my first stage dive :) 
 Natasha Bedingfield keeps touching herself onstage. She particularly likes her own face. I don't feel right watching this kinda thing.
 The best kind of being happy is when it's for no apparent reason.
 I'm bringing 3 of my friends. None of em know you. They must be educated. RT  Almost into Denver :) getting pumped about tonight
 I'm just gonna go ahead and say that August and Everything After is one of the few most fantastic albums ever created. 
 "Jumper" (Third Eye Blind)  Thanks, my friend  The perfect song on my dashboard, at just the right time.
  YES. DONE. You think I'm not serious, but I'm serious. When are you gonna be back???
 I feel like breaking a lot of glassware. IKEA glassware. No other kind will do.
 EEEEEE!!! I won't be early to bed, cos I CAN'T WAIT!! RT  Early to bed :) driving to Denver tom to play with 
 
 Curled up in an achy ball in bed instead of studying at the library. Go, Motrin, go.
 “Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.” [Pema Chodron]
 RT  Write down everything you fear in life. Burn it. Pour herbal oil with a sweet scent on the ashes.
 It's a Maria Mena night.
 "You are in a timeless state of grace where there is no doubt, shame or grief." Hells yea I am, Tarot card of the day.
 Best insult ever: 
 "Dream, that's the thing to do."
 My foot scrub smells like peppermint ice cream! 
 The hail sounds like something's farting outside.
 Me: J, do you think people can get bored of each other?  Mmm ya def. Me: (Sigh to myself).  If they boring people.
 He does have a nice smile.
  Good luck with the cake! Wish I could be there for moral support. But I know it'll be fantastical regardless. :)
 Happy Pa's Day, dads. Enjoy it while it's all yours. Eventually it'll be fused w/Mother's Day into a shortchange holiday - Grandparents Day.
 I think I hurt my back while sleeping.
  I'm pretty sure the chaos is as much a mandate as the nikah. ;) Good to see you, you looked beautiful, as always. Lovely speech!
 CUTE X A BAMILLION: 
 It's so refreshing to be reminded of the kind of life I do not want to have.
 A 10-year-old girl just confronted me in the bathroom, claiming we know one another. I resisted the urge to tell her I'm not a babysitter.
 And I continue deeper into that phase where I spend a large portion of my life as that girl people kinda know at other people's weddings.
 A pigeon-crow-thing fam is nesting in our honeysuckle vine. The young'uns have hit puberty. The screeching is so painful. I'm going to die.
 ''Lost in believing I was sure.''
 Some people thrive on baseless criticism of EVERYTHING. Why not discuss GOOD ideas instead of self-righteously defining all the "bad" ones?
 Is anyone else's power out?
 How to boil water when every single geedarn heating appliance in the powerless house is electric?? 
 I hate when my bedsheets give me morning wrinkles.
 You can dust it off and try again/ Dust yourself off and try again, try again.
 I want fruit.
  "Breathe Again" by Sara B.
 This changes EVERYTHING. RT  holy crap. there's a new 'sisterhood of the traveling pants' book!
 "The Moon" by The Swell Season 
  WHAT??!
 You can tell a lot about a person from the way they say "Havaianas."
 ''Have you ever had the feeling that you was being had?''
 I'm apparently color blind at 6am. And oblivious to otherwise obvious climate change. Might as well have a 6-yr-old put together my outfits.
 Tell someone they're a sweet dream if you wanna make em smile.
 I spent the whole day thinking it was yesterday.
 For reasons unknown, I'm at work listening to Miley Cyrus. She sounds like a smoker.
 This is contentedness. Slash feeling content. Slash being content. Being contented? This is contentment? Bagh. Whatever it is, now is it. :)
 I think all that Ramen I ate this week has made my tears extra caustic. :(
 I just killed a ginormous spider, smackdown style, with a copy of National Geographic Magazine. Cover article: "The Genius of the Inca" 
 There's nothing quite as revolting as a burnt raisin.
 Can I just point out that  has been "Promoted" as a trend? Twitter's gettin seriously funked up.
 "No specific job or career goal defines me, and it should not define you." - 
 I have everything I need except a little more patience, a big, big closet, and you. Life's pretty much lovely.
  "Slow" is incredible. And you are fantastic.
  All yours, love.
 My first grade teacher was in the store today. She remembered my name after over sixteen years. :)
  In that case, double strawberry mousse.
  Strawberry banana.
 I think my thighs are broken.
 Squats kill.
 Lost in Espen Rasmussen's photos.
 Stop, sit, and breathe.
 It's nights like tonight that make me think I'm supposed to be in front of a canvas.
 Just bought  album and am impatiently rearranging all my shoes while I wait for it to download. 
 What do you do on purpose on every given day?
 LIGHTNING! SHABOWKAWOWSHAZAMMMM!
  Thanks, I'll pick up some of those books tomorrow! Am hoping I still score best under pressure. :)
 Has anyone taken the GRE? Any advice? Tips? I have five and half weeks to prep.
 I want the big time.
 Penn Masala and a soft afternoon with my girls.
 Today: Hacked up a lung. Ate Brekkie. Registered for the GRE. Mapped out 8 grad programs to apply to. Worked out....yep, all that on 1 lung.
 "Sing"  This song's FIERCE.
 Every night, you must redesign the chase.
 Dear Sick, Go away. Unfortunately yours, Rabah
 Nothin quite like a perfectly popped bag of popcorn. Until you've mindlessly eaten half of it and realize there are SO many better things.
 I have 11 lip balms and lip glosses in my purse. Heh.
 Cleaning out my purse during my break. I think this is some new twisted form of stress relief.
  Har har. Adorable.
 I'm having one of those Yoplait moments when the chick in the ad takes a minute to pull a spoonful of yogurt out of her mouth.
 MORE VITAMIN C
 Good day. :)
 I got a parking violation notice for parking in the mall valet lot. The empty mall valet lot. Pft.
 Sniffles.
 Mm sleep good.
  Make bread pudding, pleeeeeeeaaaasse.
 RT  "get up.  moisturize.  move on."
 Fever.
 On my second cup of Maruchan today. Why the feck's a cold called a cold when MY HEAD IS OVERHEATING?
 I dreamed everyone was calling white bread "nude bread." And I had no problem with that.
 Dear Sore Throat I Woke Up With: Step off.
 Kroger orange juice is the bomb. Why am I only realizing this now?? At 2am on a random Thursday?? I've been missing OUT.
 There's something suspicious about Sriracha.
 Sidney Poitier night.
 Turns out jumping jacks are a fantastic way to kill restlessness completely dead.
 Munching on toast and thinking things.
 Breaking out the pots of strawberry jam I took from the Ritz-Carlton. 
 I could so pull a Rip Van Winkle right now.
 Home is where the chai is.
 Corporate downsizing is terrifying. Feeling sick to my stomach. :( :( :(
 Reality wastes no time kicking back in after a vacation.
 I secretly love that RTD buses don't have seat belts. Gives me that glorious guilty freedom sensation. Much like wandering the house naked.
 Maroon 5. Really loud.
 Is it just me or does John Elway advertise half the product in the world?
 MIA --> DEN
 "New in Town" by Little Boots  Bomb song.
  Hope you woke up for the freckles.
 Penélope Cruz has freckles. :)
  Yikes...that bad?
 Why the hell does the only cafe at the Miami Intl Airport terminal have GUAVA JUICE but no tea or coffee???
 Why is there always glitter everywhere?
 Over the course of 5 days, I lost my sunglasses, my boot socks, & a portion of my sanity. All in all, not too shabby a vacation. 
 Bagh.
 Sea level and humidity are actually making it harder for me to breathe. My body wants Denver.
 Someone told me I look athletic. Heh. Hehh.
 :) X a gajillion.
 I'm surrounded by three incredible musicians, their guitars, their words, birdsong, and water. 
 I just popped three Luden's wild cherry drops. The pool awaits, one last time. 
  Naples, Floridaaaaaa. So I've been told.
 Discussing fobdom at a place called Absinthe. Wot up.
 I feel like an old woman. With old woman thoughts, and old woman aches. And a belly full of blueberries.
 Lying in a hotel bed with the AC turned up, listening to my belly take on a large and incredible selection of fresh fruit.
 I'm told my face lights up when I see blueberries.
 It's kind of terrifying how spontaneously another person's role in your life can change.
 "start making the life of your dreams a reality."
 There's a flower petal on my chicken.
 I'm at the most glamorous beach wedding. Happy day and congratulations to  and  You two are stunning together.
 To be frank, the Ritz isn't all that ritzy. I am keeping their towel, though.
 RITZ CARLTON BEACH.
 my head is throbbing. throb throb. throb.
 I'm in the backseat of a Golden Kia with Rebecca Black blasting and rain crashing down outside. Def not in Denver anymore.
 It's probably not too appropriate for Kesha's "Blow" to start up on the iPod right when I walk into the airport.
 DEN --> MIA
