 Stay-at-home mom makes $346/hour work from home jobs. read more at 
 RT  TWO MORE PIRATES SIGN FREE-AGENT NFL DEALS 
  wat yu gone be doim n dc
 Dear world  said she not creo she is CREOLE same difference lol
 On skype with  , she teaching me how to speak spanish, she aint no i was dominican. Lol her creo ass no every spanish word
  fck up aye did da coach hit yu bac
 I miss playn bball soo fuckn much !!!!!!
 " coolin...playin some video games with my lil homies"why yu not in da gym who team up bowie state where yu
  ooo ight im ready
  tru, wAt u be doin in there, they want me to start with just range of motion
  ooo ok yea i start monday, how is he
  yea why yall was tlkn bout me, they seen my xray
  im good where yu go to therapy at i start Monday
 How loyal is a hungry dog
 Having a great Convo with  on skype
  fck no
 " woooooooooow me and  are gonna be in the same spanish class next year lol this is gonna be hilaaaaaaarious"i no
 Just found out me and  got the same spanish 2 class. This a guarantee A+ cuz she speaks spanish lil creo ass lol
 On skype with  she is so tired from work but is sacraficing her sleep to tlk to me i feel special.
 She play tough act hard but she cry easy she hood as ever but she talk like the white folks dont no if she can fight foreal she tlk shyt doe
   yea we can do that , yu no i got connects to every gym in america
 So ima need  mom to help me with this letter she extra smart 
  lls fck up
 " im soooooo hungry"fck up
 " is about to get hung up on"lol lls yu wouldnt dare yu dont have the heart to do that
 Skype with 
  fell wrong in wrkouts at school
  who yu tlkn bout
 N da store lady said wat happn i said i broke my shin she say suck it up it aint hurt that bad i say look she start cryn 
  me whm ??
  call me asap son
 Love my teammates been sitting here all day tryna find a place for   play nxt stop on the Hu team bus GW , Again lol
  hit my phone fam we bumpin later
 " Almost cheated a drill but thought about what  woulda said "fuck is u doin, get betta nigga""You already no me
  wss coach jimmy num
 aye  check yo man out  
  yu no how yu r
  dont bs yu no how yu r. This a team function
  ight bet we goin up there wed
  wat yu doin wed at 730
 Just got the call guess ima take     up GW on Wed gotta run them out the gyn they want a rematch
  thank easy i got yu
  im doin well
 " Kwame and Jaz gonna have the bottoms on with a polo... Lmao!!"yu already no my style
  go up pg at 7
 " I need another ring"for wat
  fck up teez
 RT  S/O to my brothers  and  Y'all niggas party it up for me son. Happy B-Day again
 On skype with  lookin a her beautiful face
  they doin da floor
  he said where yu been fam
  doin better got come down there tue doc apt
 Pop must had a rough day at wrk today , we up at the carry out dude walk pass muggin , walk bac pass pop say "fck yu lookin at" damn pop
 "    suuuuuuure"babe gotta take care my young fellas lol
 " I haven't had crabs all summer either.....that's good thing n bad thing" i would hope not
 This yr ima sneak off to the gym n not tell  Last yr idk he use to read my mind n catch me leavin smh
 "  you know me ND  there  Cise us"we gone cise yall
  yu gone stay in the other bed room lol
  yu no bosh or ill go with dallas yu couldnt stop dirk
  wats the odds of that happening
 Aye  fck up
 "  u still wit chelsea, i got sum stussy clothes"naw she bac in Atl
 RT  I haven't been to a pool all summer
 Aye  n  yall gotta show  some love at her new apt. Gotta come through i got yall lol
  yu now im good bro wat yu get up ny
 Loved your personality n yu cute but after reviewing yo resume and car fax sorry i couldnt do it never walk round with me n people be laughn
 RT  Your resumés will not allow you to apply for the position
 Aye  some of these youngin car fax reports states they change tired often. They burning rubber then smile n act like shyt sweet
 " Some people in the Crowd at the Kenner League a couple weeks ago thought  was the dude Oriahki from uconn lol"for wat
 Some of yall females dont come close to being what yu call "Wifey Material" check your resume and your car fax and submitt next life time.
  i already no yo style, i go to da doc tue. Once i start rehab aug 1st ima mess with
 "     fuck up k"zzzzzzzzz
 I really wanna go out to eat tonight
 "  fck up..u must be on them mess right now tweeting that lol   
 Was honestly about to text yu but my fingers wont let me.
 Soon as im healthy gotta get with  so he can get me back to my old self.
 Sittin here thinkin i cant wait to get back out on the court with     yall some shyt ima kill yall
 I really wanna go to Texas Road House will somebody join me for a sunday dinner ??????
 This nigga martin just ask the fed, wat yu goin do with one shoe lace "Floss Yo Ass" lol funny as shyt 
  tru shyt
  that sound good bro who yu got commin through
  wat yu thrown on da grill bro
  leg doin well bro 1 more doc appt tue, then rehab start aug 1st
  aint shyt was good
 About to watch my bro  do wrk up the Kenner League
  where yall play
 On skype with  singin all the jams
 This nigga  just hit 100 MpH on the highwY literally wtf is wrong with him
 Everytime i get in the car with  i tightin my seat belt as tight as i can i be scared as shyt whn he drive
  i got yu damon
 RT  No Adidas basketball shoe should cost $130...they trippin...
  zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz fck now they was n my bag, how would i have yo shirts lol
 For some odd reason just found another bag of Blue Hu shirts lol i be finding shyt i aint no i had lol
 " My nigga  has my number and twitter but hits me on  he must be bored"fck up
 Wont be commin bac to school till october, they want me to do my rehab here with eric waters da wizards trainer ima miss 
  not the pilot he in charge of yo life for some hrs
 On skype with 
 Nnnaaahhhgggrrraaammmbbbiiiii
 Look wat i found     damn that cant believe this was 4yrs ago 
 Want to apologize formaly to my babe  sorry for last night hun, we got 1 more month then we be bac again
 Talk is cheap !!!!!
 Just witness my bro  dunk that shyt 3x all the wrkn out payn off. Finally lol but im proud of my man
 Aye  i hear yu doin yo thing down south side so i guess that situation with buck is wrkn out
 About to make this move out to my brova  crib. Still cant believe he really got his own spot. Even though its been a yr
 My young fella  be home today.
  yu tryna hoop today
 Where my hoopers at, i no yall aint hoopin outside yu will literally pass out today i gotta gym yall tryna boogie?????
  i be running bro full speed
 They say dreams come through the ones i had last night would be a tru blessing. I have faith that in due time i be straight.
  im home text me
  where yu 
  i feel that
  go head lol was good bro
 Been on skype with  all damn day lol
  lol yu need something young fella yo pockets ight lol
 Feels really good to help out the community and struggling youth like  and  my young fellas
 Sittin here tlkn with my young boi  givn him advice on school in ball I love being a mentor to him he listen and understands well
  fck up
 Herd he smacked yu cuz you said my name while yall were sexin !!!!!
 Cant turn bad girl good but once a good girl gone bad she gone forever
 You ever herd a song that goes perfectly with yo life situations .
 Confession Part 2 lol
 I Wish I Wish I Wish !!!!!!!
  thanks
  aint started yet i start august 1st july 26 is my last doc apt.
 Its the little things that matter i promise you. Something so little could mean so much 
 " RT   for wat lol aint nuffn in there • We gotta get that key jaz"i got yu mike i told yu that
 What goes around comes around !!
  for wat lol aint nuffn in there
  where yu wrkn out at
 " Up early bouta hit this Gym.. Gotta get back in shape"ill kill yu
 Had a great day with  now time to get some sleep, we right bac at it again tomm
 " Don't be mad cuz ur NEVER gonna be the main ur always gonna be the side joint!!!!""Preach"
  na i sent yu a text
  fck up
 I think some niggas love the game but are not in love with the game. You must remember there is a difference between lovn n being in love.
 " Najjjiiirammbaa"thas my shyt lol gotta love martin
 RT  I stay starving myself ...
  aint shyt broke my leg so chilln
  was up stranger
 " I slept w/ my basketball last night cause it was on my mind!  up
  ight
  or we can go up largo
      whn ?????
  gotta mature big fella
 " in need of a gym at the moment wish  still had the key young"Yu no i would have laced yu
 If your the best player in your gym Find another one. GET BETTER
 So we get up to dude job n cuz say "I think i no why yall here" Damn right, now pops proceed to flip on my manz while customers are in line
 On da way to see this nigga who put his hands on my sis, my pop found please pray for him. In this family we dont play that shyt 
 Look what just came in the mail  n  we parkin anywhere now. Lol 
 Chinese lady just said "you have the best feet of a man i have ever seen. I told her i take pride in my shyt
 Gettin my money makers takin care off. Gotta keep yo feet right 
 My new barbershop day is Mondays there is literally nobody in here im the only customer in the whole shop lol
 Hair Cut + Getting my feet done = My day gotta take care of yo feet
  lol smh
 Just found my Loui Duffle bag opened it and it was full of Hampton Bball gear. Luck  and  aint c it 
 Takin pops to wrk smh
 " in need for someone to give me a nice massage.."fck up yu some shyt for wat
 Anybody been to the House of Hoops Lately
 " Finally a day off tomar!!! How shud I spend it!!???"2k
  he is cookin
 Gary Neal nite have 30 n the 2nd quarter.
  josh shelby
  its good today
 Sittin here up spingarn fckn with Poncho. Every hooper in DMV no him he got me rolling funny as shyt
 I love  more thn she loves me
 So everybody no  is the best. I miss her sooo much n cant wait to see her. Its been a long summer but we have over came ALOT
 Just seen  pop, thas my manz always show love, thas fam right there
  ooo ight
 "  for what he fresh ass shit"yea he is though wher yu at
  ight we on the way up spingarn now pop got my kobes on i start to steel his ass
  got road to the ship AGAIN
  whn yu gotta tell me i got a team for yu n all. I put lo on a team up gtown in the pro am
  sup 5
 Where da fool  pop said do yall play today??
 I wonder how my young fella  doin. This kid is goin to be good with hard wrk and motivation. I been shown the young fella da ropes
 Happy bday young smook 
 RT  Aye happy birthday teezy 
  man i wish yu was commin to hu bra
  na they tlkn by jan, so ima take the whole yr man. WT yy doin nxt yr
  yea i be up there evrry weekn leg is doin better commin along how yu
  1more month then yu aint gotta worry bout it yu be bac in yo apt.
 " Somebody always has to piss somebody off"fck up lol
  i seen him play 2day he tough
 When did you fall in love with Hip Hop?????
  yo yu got a dude that go to gtown
  igh
  forreal
 " Headed out Georgetown"i just left from up there, wat yu doin up there
  yea fck yu doin out there
 With the goons 30 dred heads all look like 
 " Wanna make some homemade chocolate chip cookies"make some n send me a few
 "  1010 folcroft lane largo md 20774"ight thanks
  yu still at school
  where yu att fool
 Pop always told me female suck there teeth n get attitudes thas not a mail trait 
 "   man his shit expired doe"fck no my shyt got 100000000 hit so i got plenty lives
 Got my sis wheels on da way to the cookout
 " Ayye im bout to log on to my account cuzzo my shit aint been used but tonight ...im ON IT  can have mine lol
  fck up
 About to go fck wit  c wat this pool party hittin
  call me bro
 Niggas out here be sensitive as shyt!!!!!!!!
  yea
 "  u doin ur thing out there bra"i broke my chin fam im done for the yr
 Greg monroe look like some shyt out here n the kenner!!!
  and he jump
 My nigga  just got punchd on And 1
  lol me n teez was listen to that the other day whn i went down hu
  fck up
 Aye  i miss yu punk
 "  u gotta grow up son lol"lol yu no my style yu tryna be da nice guy in shyt yu aint from da plesant
  she must had some gansta cookies today huh lol yu no i dont give a fck lol.
 The score is 43-15 n he quits. Aye  im ready
 Can i get somebody to play me in 2k im tire of killing this nigga its not fun anymore
  yessir
  naw i got it just a lil rusty
  im still nice out thrre
 " Who wanna go bowling 2night?"lucky my leg messd up or ill kill yu like old days lol
 RT  Who tryna come Party wit me tonite for  Bday?
 A woman worth your anger n emotion is certainly worth some effort
  zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
  lol
 Hope my lil man  hold it down in open gym. Do yo thing youg fella
  for wat yall some shyt
 " We just played a 7'0 african that was legit..he will be in the league soon"fck up
  i swear ima kill yu. Then whn i win i aint playn yu nomore till summer play yu n  2 on 1 both yall some shyt
 "  how bout we create u and create me on the game and I'll kill u Lil boy day all game! Hahahaha"jaz some shyt
  fck up ima kill yu lil boi day with yu. Ima sneak to da gym with out yu known yu knew last yr, i aint gone tell yu
  zzzzzzzzzzzzzz
  aftrr 7 i wanna c the Peach Jam championship it come on at 7 on espn u
 "  boxing??"yea i was gone say that lol that shyt was fun as shyt lol
  ight yu on da sticks
  Bonnie and Shyne by Shyne 
  ooooo tru shyt thss who cut me last week
 Fck my brova  at???
 RT  RT       
  gotchu bro
 " Just pulled out another big "W""fck up
  yea
  fck up
 " Now I'm something like a chemist on campus lol"yea weird as shyt
 Milade drew the shyt outta  even though he got the teddy beats on with the B up side down 
 Miss those krispie cream runs with   and  We use to punish them before we could get out the parkn lot
 Tomm night anybody wanna ride to krispy cream uptown the hot sign is on all night i could use a dozen..
 Aye  me n  came up with fallin a sleep on da twitter hit niggas with the "fck up" "zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz" lol jas ova der weak
  lol my new shyt
  zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
  yea send me some money. Lol
  fck up , dont try n son me. How yu doin , yu need anything (son yo ass)
  wher yu been
  for wat yu some shyt
 " Got two big wins today..."fck up, where yu playn at
  fck up
 Bowie state surpose to have open gym at 7. Its 7 and they have 5 players in the gym. This bullshyt would never happen at Hu or any D1
 Day just went from Good to bad in 45 sec. My brova  to get me for i seriously hurt this lady in my house.
 They say whn it rain it poors but damn how long will this shyt last
 "  hahaha my bad  up
 " “ omg the new dre beats called the detox's is something great”-twit pic"fck up
 " if i dont know you dont retweet me  up
  fck up lol
 "   bout to copyright our shit"yessir
 The quote "Fck Up" was made by me,   and  Now everybody is sayn it. It can be use for anybody in any situation.
  fck yu , yu some shyt
 Its crazy  has become my best friend in 9 months she knows me too well
 Fck up !!!!!
 Skype with  has been my  since i been injured goin on 6 weeks
 " shout out to ci**** she left hampton n she strippin now lol omg im too drixzy for this lol"I NO just who yu tlkn bout lol
 "  I'm on one!!!!!"for wat
  fck yu doin push ups for yu some shyt lol
   haha jas yu crazy boi, ima kill yall give me sometime lil boi day
 "  lil boi day when you get back fool!" Kill yu n 
  fck up yu some shyt
 Smh how  do me !!!
 My brova  been duckin me n the 2k bump
  lol
  he was cookin
  who is that
 "  go back to playin your video games and bein a loser"but i been on skype with yu since 11 so shut up
 " 3-1"fck up
 "My motto fck lotto i get the 7 digits from yo mom for a dollar tommorrow"
 Woke up feeling kinda good today!!
 Sittin in bww with  and  watchn how everybody n here fresh as shyt all club attire
 Aye  and  this yo style i no  like it lol 
  fck up
  kill yu fck up
  yea bout to go up bowie state
  fck up yu some shyt lil boi day with yu
  fck up
 Aye  wtf is a "Real live"
 Yo  i can start lifting again sice me.
 I need a weight lifting partner, they told me i can start wrknout again
 Yu learn so much whn yu heart in down through these 6 weeks ive learnd who really has my bac, who really care smh 
  on da way home was good bro text me
  wud up bro
  fck yu bitch
 My mom is the worst driver ever i been cursin her out the whole trip cuz she drivin my car  ask 
 Aye  yu can catch me in a cherry red 150 lol
  fck up
   fck up
 I forgot to see the best SID in the business he always show me love i forgot my man  my i be bac n 2 weeks
 Felt good seeing my teammates and some of the lady pirates. Laughn and jokin with them is priceless man i miss them
 At The Convocation center man i miss this place
  meet me in convo in at 145 im on da way there
 Got great news legs is doin good ahead of schedule. He said he gone let me walk on my own in 2 weeks.
  got chu
  i hope so its gone take some time though
 Look at leg now skinny as hell but comming bac around. Im scared i think i mite have lost my bounce 
  aye dont forget we playn for the bred whn i get bac on my feet
 Real fam never buckle up but every family aint fill with member thas real - Man I Miss my dog
 "  hope you get your game back man. Even better than before  good lookim
 I decided long ago never to walk in anyone shadow if i fail if i succeed least live as i believe no matter wat they take wont tke my dignity
  aye tell yo sis my wife that yo nephew my son left his jeans nn the livingroom n she better pay me before she leave
  idk how to dm from my phone text 2023864410
  where yu tryna go in the Meac
 Flippin through my ipod in  fav song came on Mariah Carey "Always be my babe" couldnt flip this
 I keep my mind on Hoopin so im always grindin
 Babe bite the pillow
  ight
 Lay yo head on my pillow
  bowie
  today after my apt. Prolly hit bww tonight
 Im wishing on a star to follow where yu are.
 I wanna marry yu naw im playn boo we can start with a few nights out in malibu surfin layn up chillen here my num call me- That old shyn Go
  great im doin much better
  yo bro i be down there today ,
  yea headin down hu now to c my doc , how yu
 "  Gucci is  stepfather"yessit
 Look at my leg after 6 weeks in a boot. Leg skinny as shyt 
 RT   mother Zap-n out cause he got the beats on in the car. I'm in the back seat weak. lls!!
 My nigga  would be proud of me listen to Gucci Man Mixtape "Writing on the Wall" i no he prolly no this shyt word for word.
  fck up
 " Goodluck to my mans  on the doc appt."thnks bro
 Hope i get to c some of my favorite Lady pirates today  and 
 Up early on the way to Hu. Doc apt at 11 hope everything go well with this leg
  fck up dave, was good snugg
 People make it so hard to seem friendly whn most of its envy !!!!!!
  im leavin at 8 me n  my apt at 11
 "   at 5 bro
  up
 I want chipolet somebody Take me Please !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  its watever i only be there for a min
  i be down der tomm sis
 "  up yu some shyt
 "  lol its lil boy day when we get back in the gym fool"fck no boiii
 Man i swear niggas out here these days
 " Just left the gym.."fck up yu some shyt
 Nigga from G Mason just fck my man  up with the hands.
 " Largo's Very Own"fck no yu some shyt
 " For my man  to get in the pool "lol im cryn laughn
  yea
  the game now ass jamal up here flexin on niggas
 Brandon jennings just had 41 up spingarn n the coralition
  im doin ight i broke my chin so im doin ight
 "   lmao ahaha yaw niggas funny but dats wassup.. One of yaw niggas give me a ticket for a game dis yr"got yu
  i been home for the last 5 weeks, i hade broke my chin at school so im home recorvering
 " Passed my mirror & my my my are we looking thick today lol"yea ight
  yessir go put the wrk n bro
  lol
 " RT  Me and  played one on one for two hours lol it was 6 to 6 six for two hours lol/ who won? Lls" Me duh
  idk why yu some shyt lol
 Damn i guess  aint gone have no mercy on me whn i get bac Aye yu remember we played 1on 1 for 2hrs Now yu can finnally beat me lol
 Yu r wat they call " A waist of my time" fck outta here
 Aye wat time the games up spingarn start today anybody no ??????
 Kinda havin a emotional nite i miss hoopin soo much im itchn for that shyt
 This bball shyt aint just a game to me dis is my life i gave bball everything it gave me life. It gave me hope n dreams i love the game
 Before i got hurt i was 205Lbs best shape of my life now ima skinny 185 cant wait to start wrkn out again Ima be a animal way worst den b4
 Thnkn before i got hurt headn into summer i was a mid major all american, all confrence, all state, then i got hurt, damn gotta get bac asap
  like 1
 "  why are u tweetin me I dont fuck wit u slim"fck yu, yu tryma go up spingarn tomm
 " Watching an old Marshall game coach Brannen was tough lol"fck up
 She a Down ass Chick !!!!!!
 Damn  is really leavin bac to AtL she goes. Had a great week though ima miss her !!!!
 Riding with  in the big ass QX56 infiniti. Damn this truck big as shyt she small as shyt drivin this
 " 6'9 African and I hoop no dreads but a chill mo hawk Doe lmaooo"fck up yu some shyt
  she be goin to all them shows
  ight she want them tickets so bad
 My mom just said call the radio i want some lil wayne tickets boi i tell yall she 55 goin on 24 smh
  hit me snugg
 " Bout to go see my nigga  up
 Damn i wanna hoop so bad !!!!!!!
  ight bet thas was up .
  how yu ply tonight yall won ???
  ill find out tue. Wat they tlkn bout
 "  make the rite decision bro!!! Pray in it!!"got yu
 "  we got work to do bruh... As soon as u clear.."yu already no ima fck wit yu
  leg feels great i drove my car today lol first time in 5 weeks
  was good ???
 So i got till july 12 to decide weathr ima try n come bac this yr Or shut it down till next season hmm my mind is all ova the place honestly
  im chillen bro watchn 8 mile
 I promise yall the pain in my leg is gone. But my leg is so skinny it look fake. Its week gotta build my muscle bac up
  i got that shyt recorded too
 Cant sleep again just thinkn my Leg been feeling really good, drove my car for the first time in 5 weeks today  was soo scared.
  fck up
  send me a pic how yu playn
  wat shoes yall get bro
 Sittin in the crib, eatn chinese food watchn Halloween II with 
  if yu wanna go we therr
  lol still some shyt wont beat me
 O  yu killed  i knew he was some shyt
