  I was just saying the say thing. It feels like the whole city is at the beach
 Who OWNS Facebook? The Definitive Who's Who Guide to Facebook Wealth  (via 
  thanks for  shout-out!
 Google+ Profile Images Now Appearing Beside Search Listings  (via 
 Pervez Musharraf on The Daily Show right now 
 Phone Hacking Scandal Whistleblower Found Dead 
 RT  RT  Amex unveils "Link, Like, Love" personalized Facebook deals based on social graph: 
 Squeezing every last minute out of Sunday
  lol! That was a serious hacking
  brunch!
 Establishments one only finds on I-70 
 Testing....Ray LaMontagne – I Still Care For You 
    Thanks for the Spotify help! I promise not to share out every song ;)
 How do you share the song you're listening to on  to Twitter or FB?
 I just got one of the first US Spotify accounts because I have Klout!    Find out if you're eligible:  
 LOL! RT  Google thinks that Facebook is Coke and Google+ is Pepsi, but it's actually RC Cola.
  i kind of love it too. Normally, I'm not a fan of the pigeons. They like to visit our gnome on a daily basis.
 The pigeons like our gnome 
  ironing? I'm so impressed. i haven't done that in years
 Steve Buscemi Dress  via 
  I'll be giving tax advice  will be on the moped
  just what i need MORE internet crack!
 Officially addicted to turntable.fm. It feela a little Second Lifey to me though. cc:  
  you go! Drinks soon?
  um, you're at Amex at 8 am- eek!
  I'm with you! I feel like an idiot, I can't figure it out.
  yes, i don't miss the kansas summers!
  so true! I'm loving his new album.
 LOL! RT  I hope they introduce some new plots on True Blood tonight. Not enough plots on that show.
 Sailing  
 Ugh, me too.  RT  I'm in denial that tomorrow is Monday.
  It was so great meeting you earlier this week. Love, love, love the work you're doing with 
 WANT! Photojojo's SLR Lens Adapter turns your iPhone 4 into the ultimate mobile photo machine  via 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Solaire on  
 Excited for this! RT  Evidence of a Facebook Music Service Surfaces - 
 I just unlocked the "Ten Hundred" badge on  
 Randomly captured this guy in Maine. Like father, like son.  
 Happy 4th from Cape Elizabeth, Maine 
 How The Dominique Strauss-Kahn Case Unraveled  via 
 I just became the mayor of Chick's Marina on  
 I just ousted Richard J. as the mayor of The Yachtsman Lodge & Marina Kennebunk (Maine) on  
 Preparing the surf & turf 
 Maine is magnificant 
  did your Twitter account get hacked?
  i just got back from SF and it was cold- like sweater weather.
 Companies Erect In-House Social Networks - 
 Love this RT  300+ ideas submitted so far. Keep 'em coming and vote up your favorites!  (via 
 Great sign  
 Tour bus caught in the midst of the Gay Pride Parade in NYC today 
  that is awesome!
 RT  RT  What a night in New York.  RT  The scene outside Stonewall. 
 RT  It is now legal to love New York
 Indeed! RT  Once you go Mac, you never go back.
 Woohoo! RT Amex and  go national! Sync, explore, save... GET STARTED NOW at 
 Thx for the reminder! RT  I can start watching TV again! New season of Louie starts Thursday. Just set my DVR. 
 Bon Iver acoustic "Skinny Love" 
 LOVE RT  We're streaming  excellent new album 'Bon Iver, Bon Iver' all day: bit.ly/kplNN4
  good luck!
 A purchase one only makes at an airpor 
 I just unlocked the "Wino" badge on  
 Absolute heaven ( Bouchon Bakery) 
 Jim Carrey is hilarious on the Today Show this morning
 I learned this the hard way RT  Study confirms: it shouldn't cost $4 to email an iPhone photo while overseas. 
 WHO is the man singing "Oh Canada" right now for the  He is a star
  it was great hearing you speak at this morning's  breakfast!
 RT  Cardmembers! We’re giving away 1MM  points EVERY DAY thru 6/30  NoPurNec18+
 Big crowds at the newly opened section of the High Line Park 
 Loving the new expanded High Line Park in NYC, though some areas have better views than others 
 More Puerto Rican Day Parade 
 Puerto Rican Day Parade, NYC 
 WOW!!! ( National Puerto Rican Parade w/ 25 others) 
 Interesting move. Gilt Groupe is launching a full-priced site.   (via  )
 RT  The Creator Of The Simpsons Did Amazing Art For Apple  by  
 Very exciting! RT  Warm welcome to  our new Pres. of U.S. Consumer Services Business 
  that was a REALLY depressing article
 Anthony Weiner's Apology Speech (Presented By Guilty-Looking Dachshunds) 
 To quote  I didn't know exhaustion came in this flavor
  you did a great job moderating the panel cc:  
  looking forward to it!
 This tugs at the heartstrings! Korean Susan Boyle Is the Most Hard Knock Susan Boyle Yet  
 Woohoo! Get  tix early! Cardmembers can exclusively purchase advance tix now thru 6/11 at  (via 
 A Publisher Drops No Hints on Contents of New ESPN Book - 
 Blue Valentine is the most depressing movie ever. Do not recommend at all.
 Paparazzi staking out Dominique Strauss Kahn  
 RT  Donate  to your fave charity this week & we'll match your donation up to 50k pts 
 RT  If you only read one story today, read this: 
 OH on my walk home: GAWD, this neighborhood is turning into the Upper West Side, where everyone goes to have kids and die. Alrighty, then...
  Will your book be available in english? My dutch is not so good ;)
 Check out  UNSTAGED directed by Todd Haynes live right now 
   thanks, I was so confused ;)
 I'm so confused. I thought Manhattanhenge was last night?
 Twitter FINALLY introduces a Follow button for your site 
  I think it was yesterday
 Can't wait! RT  Live tonight! UNSTAGED w   & director Todd Haynes 9pmET! 
 Ok, I'm loving the Intel Museum of Me 
 Go Tammy! RT  Just submitted  blog abt  hope they like it! Need lots and lots of PR-can u help?
 Sign of summer in NYC - The Beast flying up the Hudson 
 Interesting RT  Infographic shows real value & costs of social media 
 RT  RT  Tumblr dedicated to people who think  stories are real:  via 
 RT  summer new york '11 officially begins this weekend, everyone trying to get in everyone trying to get out. it's new y ...
 That was fast! RT  PayPal Sues Google Over Mobile Payment Secrets 
 Chelsea, NYC 
  thanks for the RT!
  whoa! total 80's flashback. 
  how much longer are you in town?
 Oh, hi there, Fleet Week! 
 Summa time in Battery Park City 
 What Don Draper Knows That You Don’t About Persuasion and Success  via 
 Twitter acquires TweetDeck  
 This is pretty incredible. How Square's New Pay-With-Your-Name System Works  
 RT  Brian Williams - who lived in  for his first TV job - will anchor  from the devasted city tonight.
 RT  8 days left to enter   Your idea could be made into 2012  film 
 Loving 'Social Memories' a memory album based on data & photos gleaned from your FB page. Would be fun for a corp page 
 Sunday night surprise: 2 back-to-backs of "60 Minutes" 
 The Gossip Machine, Churning Out Cash - 
 Apocalypse Not Yet: The 9 Best Tweets About the Judgment Day That Never Happened   via 
  True ;)
 6:01 p.m. Still here 
 Jaume Plensa Echoes exhibit in Madison Square Park 
  send me your resume! stacy(dot)gratz(at)aexp.com
 I submitted my pic for  UNSTAGED poster! Tune-in & get the poster 5/31 Add yours via - 
  deb is the best! She's a Syracuse alum too
 My eyes! Epic web design - Boing Boing 
 I'm at American Express Tower (200 Vesey Street, West Street, New York) w/ 13 others 
  I love me some Flipboard too, but this one is my new obsession
 Just discovered an app I love more than Flipboard. Has anyone else used Zite?
 Horrible! RT  Hidden cameras show shocking abuse of 'Water For Elephants' animal 
 Social Networks Offer a Way To Narrow the Field of Friends - 
 RT  Gilt Groupe Goes To $1,000,000,000 $AMZN by  
 Great interview RT  Watch the full President  interview about the death of Osama  
  nice!
 5 Questions with Daphne Guinness 
  thanks for sharing!
 Gmail going a little overboard with their spam filter- just found all of my Google Alerts from last week in my spam folder 
 The 17 bands most likely to play the mother of outdoor festivals next year  via 
 My favorite pic from Florence  
 RT  NY Times: "Uber" taxi dispatch system debuts in NYC. Tap your smartphone and a cab shows up. 
  great to meet you tonight!
  were you at the Digitas event tonight? I would have loved to have met!
 Per  Over 40% of tweets are coming from mobile devices 
 RT' s and  were created by our users 
 RT  Facebook Send Button Integration    via   
 Just took the dogs on a walk- crowds are starting to gather at Ground Zero. Very touching.
 So true RT   Non Osama Bin Laden Tweets really stick out as awkward right now... 
 RT  History via  "Osama bin Laden has been killed, a United States official said." More at www.nytimes.com
  be sure to visit  when in Tuscany
  yes! It was fabulous!
 Pic from our Tuscany trip using the tilt-shift lens 
  ha! I wish- but pics to come :)
 About to have a steak prepared by " the best butcher in all of Italy" ( Officina della Bistecca) 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Greve-in-Chianti on  
 Happy Easter! ( Cattedrale di Santa Maria del Fiore) 
 Last night in Cannes ( La Palme d'Or) 
 I just ousted Patrick L. as the mayor of La Palme d'Or on  
  I have not been sharing  out my locations to Twitter but I keep unlocking badges. Hope it's not too annoying!
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Le Majestic Plage on  
 I just unlocked the "Great Outdoors" badge on  
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Hôtel Martinez on  
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Plage Du Majestic on  
 Enjoying some beach time   Martinez Hotel 
 Martini in France = margarita glass filled with Martini & Rossi  Back to the vino!
 I just unlocked the "Swimmies" badge on  
 Good morning Cannes 
 Leaving Paris for Cannes. Not sure I'll ever return! Thx for the great restaurant reccos over the past few days. This is why I love Twitter
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Intercontinental Marceau on  
 Hello Paris! ( Aéroport Roissy Charles de Gaulle (CDG) w/ 6 others) 
 I just unlocked the " 2011" badge on  
 Spotify to Cut Back on Free Music  via 
 Go Serena! RT   Wow. Serena Williams is often fashion-forward on the court. But this is crazy. 
 Just heard a movie reviewer describe a movie as "insufferably idiodic and best seen on a blank screen with no sound." Well, there you go.
  I'm ready for vaca!
 So funny. Tiny T-Rex Terrorizes School Children 
  OMG I actually sent this to my boss a few weeks ago. i LOVE this talk.
 Did not cross one item off of my to-do list today 
 Tragically killed rock legend, Jeff Buckley, getting biopic  via 
 Photo: katespadeny: 
  I usually feel the same way, but today was actually exciting
 Swooning over Adam Scott 
 RT  So Phil Mickelson will have to put green jacket on Tiger Woods today. 
  yes- made it :)
  if you're at le fou frog ask the pastry chef to do his Lady Gaga routine!
 Wow- just got into cheech and chong's cab. Hope I make it to Brooklyn in one piece.
 Sun + warm'ish' weather = Happy NY'ers 
  can't thank u enough for the suggestions! I will try them all.
  is really going be 90 degrees in KC today? Enjoy!
  headed to Cannes in a week. any restaurant reccos since you're the Mayor?
  ha-happy to pass-along useful info!
  me too...for months! It looks like checking in 15x in 30 days is the trick
 I just unlocked the "9 to 5" badge on  
 Done! 7 sites you should be wasting time on right now 
 Started playing Cityville last night - research for work. I now fully understand the addiction. Surprised I made it into work today 
 Kenny Scharf graffiti mural   Bowery & Houston 
 Super random clothing store in Chinatown 
 Mmmm....Google Doodle Celebrates 119th Anniversary of First Ice Cream Sundae 
 Tech Innovation Explained [Comic] 
 Best drunk dial ever 
 Our office migrated from Lotus Notes to Outlook this week. In a word - HEAVEN!
 RT  More April Fool hilarity, from Whole Foods: "Insects raised with compassion!" (via  
 NY nightlife legend Don Hill has died 
 these.cupcakes. 
 RT  If you've had it with  our friends at Network Solutions are offering $6.99 domain transfers |  ...
  true true!
 Least favorite sign that Spring has arrived in NYC - rat spotting
 Love this RT  Social Business vs. Social Marketing: Understanding the fight over "content" - 
 Foie gras ice cream- blech! 
 Leo wants me to stop taking pictures 
 RT   and  arrive on set w/ Styled very differently. 
 Much needed! Facebook's Newest Hire To Get Creative With Interactive Marketing 
  bummed to be missing blogwell- again! Pepper is speaking later today about Members Project
  yes, that would be great!
  congrats to  on the win!
  fun! Go Team Amex!
 Kraft To Turn Mac & Cheese Tweets Into TV Ads Within 24 Hours 
 RT  Amex Unveils  New Digital Payments Platform 
  perhaps ;)
  yes, I picked KU to take it all. I am a Kansas girl after all. So bummed!
 What a bummer 
 Winter beaching in Montauk 
 Elizabeth Taylor Leaves $600M Fortune To AIDS Charities 
 Rock Chalk Jayhalk from NYC! 
 RT  Twitter's growth by the numbers 
  looks great online!
 Yay!  just took the stage  
 RT  If my father had to divorce my mother for anyone- I’m so grateful that it was Elizabeth- 
  he's v. popular with the youngs
 RT  David Lynch just came on stage to say hi to the audience. And now ... the broadcast has begun!!!! 
  you will be addicted. Trust.
  PRIYA! Where have you been? 
  you went to BDI. You'll have to fill me in!
  AND it gives the city a much needed bath
  no invite :( That's okay, super sleepy and happy to stay in. Have fun!!!
 WOW! Dorsey Is Back In Action At Twitter, And That May Be Formalized Soon  via 
  it's in L.A. so I'll be watching from my couch
  Ditto! My pups hate this weather
 Can't wait! Tune in to  UNSTAGED directed by  Watch the live event at 10PMET/ 7PMPT 
 Plucky pooch back from the dead 
 Get the AMEX Deal of the Week-50% off a Microsoft Xbox 4GB with Kinect Sensor when you use  points at  
 Getting ready to see  new show! ( Barrow Street Theatre w/ 5 others) 
 It's true, it's actually trending higher than "Libya"  RT  "lybia" is a hot topic on Google.
 This weekend went by way too quickly. Let the vacation countdown begin 
  You should frame this! BTW- the stick figures make it seem very official :)
 RT  Facebook testing ads that are tied to status updates 
 Very happy squirrel enjoying his  while we all wait in line (cc:  
  check out my shot- not a normal moon :)  
        thanks for the RT!
  I know. Very beautiful moon tonight
 Supermoon over Brooklyn 
  I have heard the same. It will be interesting to see what's next
 Still fascinates me that people buy these 
 that's nice   Wow. 100% of Forever21's online sales today will go to Japan. GET TO SHOPPING. 
 Best part of the Knicks game- Ad Rock spotting 
 Meet the World's Most Expensive Dog 
  HA! Great meeting you. What a fun time :)
 RT  For Duran Duran show, pls send pics of ur painted hand/face against black backdrop. Use nontoxic paint 
 TimeWarner offering free calls to Japan for their customers 
  he's in banking. It's the first time I've ever been jealous of his job!
 I find it absolutely fascinating that my husband doesn't have to use powerpoint for his job. It's not even installed on his computer 
  agreed! Note sure why I didn't immediately take to it, like his other buildings. Great pic, BTW
 Ok, so maybe the new Frank Gehry building is growing on me. Early, early morning shot. 
 RT  Mass confusion over new  report -   now saying authorities downplaying threat.
 RT  NYT NEWS ALERT: Japanese Officials Report Explosion at Stricken Nuclear Plant
 RT  Dear god, another big  hitting north east  right now and new explosion at nuclear plant 
 Japan Earthquake 2011: Devastating Photos Of The Wreckage  via 
 Best in-flight entertainment ever  tweets about the early days of Twitter
 I just unlocked the "Overshare" badge on  
 RT  In Austin? Please donate and share  to help Japan. 
 RT  Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today 
 I just unlocked the "foursquare with foursquare" badge on  
 Foursquare par-tay ( Cedar Street Courtyard for Foursquare's Austin Unlocked Party w/   
 RT  on my way to the  sxsw party! Our friends  will be there too. It's a celebration!  ...
 RT  4 ppl on the hunt for a free pedicab ride at  , passphrase is Keep GoPayment Weird. Give ur rider a shoutout if u li ...
 RT  Subway has surpassed McDonald's to become the world’s largest restaurant chain. If you thought Jared was an unbearable  ...
  you go to a lot of weddings! Miss you - BTW :)
  guuuurl! I am SO tired today too.
  good too see for a minute! Hope you got in to the panel :)
  best.response.ever!
 Is it always this windy in Austin? 
 Wow- the line to get into the Brand Journalism panel was out of control - thx for the live tweets everyone! 
  I just missed you!
 I just unlocked the "Swiped  SXSW" badge on  
 I just unlocked the "4sq SXSW Virgin" badge on  
 RT   playing The Mayan LA on 3/23. Amex Cardmembers can get advanced tix starting now: 
  woman decided to brave the flight. however someone else on our flight had to escorted off for throwing a drink  the flight att
  we're headed back to the gate now.
 This is a first- our flight is being held at the gate because there is someone who is deathly afraid of flying on the plane
 RT  "Diplomacy is the art of telling people to go to hell in such a way that they ask for directions" -Winston Churchill
 Almost got bumped from my flight but managed to score the last row middle seat. Sweet victory!  
  tomorrow- can't wait!!
 The Coca-Cola Happiness Truck Delivers Happiness In Unexpected Ways 
  Are you kidding- you're fabulous! Show them how it's done ;)
  it is awesome :) I'm not on the team that managed this but I'm a very happy supporter! See you at 
 Woohoo!!! RT  Today’s the day! Going to  Exclusive specials  enroll NOW in our pilot: 
 I just unlocked the "Starbucks Tribute" badge on  
 RT   Apple Is Opening A Pop-Up Store In Austin For  
 RT  Before you check in tomorrow, follow us on Foursquare! We have a fun surprise coming 
 Holy Misleading Conclusions, Batman! The Facebook Netflix-Killer That Wasn’t 
  thanks for the recco!
 Finally found a hotel for  It's 20 miles outside of town, but it beats my other option- Motel 6.
 Dream vacation: Bahia Bustamante: Argentina’s Secret (and Private) Answer to the Galapagos - 
  um...that's amazing!
 Weirdest thing about Charlie Sheen livestream - Simon Rex?!?
  you're coming with me I hope!
 RT  Foursquare's SXSW: Version 3.0, Party, Concert, 18 New Badges, And A Genius Amex Deal  
 The Incredible Art of Animal Spycams 
  I think the Worley Boys need one!
 Spotted on Wall Street 
 RT  Trying to live-tweet Charlie Sheen is like trying to put a sweater on a hummingbird.
 My mind is blown and the Charlie Sheen interview is only 1 minute in 
 28 million Americans will be tweeting by 2013  (via 
  oh, no PS22 is the best!
  it was a clip from the documentary "an inside job"
 Mr. Brainwash Embraces Oscar Week - 
  i want to give her a bowl of noodles or something. She looks so hungry.
  muchos!
  can you check out the email I just sent you? Thx!
 “Liking” a story now posts a thumbnail to your Facebook stream, just like the FB share button. 
 So true RT  Why You Aren’t As Successful As You Want To Be  preach it  (truth)
 Glenn Beck apologizes for Reform Judaism comments: 'I didn't do enough homework'  via 
 Apple’s subscription charges “could potentially derail Spotify”  via 
 Saudi King offers benefits as he returns from treatment 
 RT  If you are a US citizen living/working overseas, following  on Twitter might be a good idea right now.
 Moammar Gadhafi: Facts About Libya's Leader (PHOTOS)  via 
  thanks for the RTs!
 Snowy Central Park 
 Snowy day in Central Park 
 Voting ends today! I just voted for a charity to receive funding from  You can too 
  that happened to me on Friday. It's so annoying!
  something is up with your twitter handle- it just shot out 30 tweets in a row.
 This.place. ( Balloon Saloon) 
 Early morning shot of the the new Frank Gehry building in downtown NYC 
 Can't wait to see this! Bill Cunningham New York :: the Trailer 
 Models' Real Faces, Before The Photoshop Magic 
 RT  Dan Mountford Double Exposure 
 A next-gen Segway in unicycle form   via 
  when are you coming back to NYC?
 Paper Mag + Tumblr par-tay ( The Empire Hotel Rooftop w/ 24 others) 
 In Prison Interview, Madoff Says Banks ‘Had to Know’ - 
 RT  I don't want to live in a world where Sylvio Berlusconi and Justin Bieber could be dating the same girl.
 RT  What's the most memorable thing you've gotten w/Amex Membership Rewards points - great trip, cool gadget maybe? Do  ...
  Hilarious!
 Facebook's Web of Frenemies 
  not even Valentine. Our friends are taking us - crazy!
 Best Sunday night surprise ever ( Per Se) 
 Now this is dedication 
 Guiness gelato  Ottto Pizzeria in NYC - 3 thumbs up!
 Advertisers Launch Dashboards for Real-Time Fashion Week Coverage 
 Words can't describe how excited I am for this meal ( Lotus of Siam) 
  thank you!
     yes great meeting you all! 
 I can't get used to the new  layout. Trying....
  I've updated the pages I manage and the page owners are not publicly displayed. is that your ?   
  yes, you have the option to switch between the  "page" and your personal profile now.
 A someone who manages multiple FB pages for my job, I LOVE the new Page re-design! 
  can you post the link?
 Oscars Grapple With Banksy Problem 
 FYI- you can get any  on iTunes w/ your  Card. Go to  for more info!
 Our  Unstaged event, directed by Terry Gilliam, is streaming now at  (via 
  it's where you charge your phone, of course :)
 Forget "Debbie Does Dallas", Dilbert Does Advertising':  (via 
 RT  The Interest Graph on Twitter is Alive: Studying Starbucks Top Followers  
 RT  What I want from a restaurant website  (via 
 Nothing makes me happier than  tweets!
 Love the Google Doodle today honoring Jules Verne 
 RT  Tune-in NOW to our Unstaged concert series re-broadcast of    
 Kicking off social media week! ( Time Life Building w/ 12 others) 
 AOL Agrees To Acquire The Huffington Post 
  that's what I was thinking. The look back approach didn't work for me.
  Agreed! Loved that ad
  Ya, not good!
 RT  The story behind the  ad:  via  
  Good luck to ya!
  Looks like it
  I agree- it was really off for me
  Agreed!
  I see your point but it's REALLY hard to do customer service in 140 characters. I've only worked in financial svs tho - v diff
  how is that hiding? Seems like the best way to respond?
  when was that? It must have been really bad - I don't even remember it.
  those look amazing!
 LOL! RT  
 Usher might save the day here 
  it's so bad it hurts!
 So gimmicky 
  you crack me up. Go Glee :)
  WHA?!? I love me some Glee!
 Ha- so true  RT  chevy - cute, but who is friends on facebook before the first date?
 VW commercial has been my favorite so far cc: 
  ok, agreed on that :)
  meant to say I think the purpose of these ads are are about brand building/perception rather than direct mktg
   I think most of the purpose of these ads are are about brand building/perception rather than direct mktg
  wow- really? Must be guy thing. 
 Agreed RT  Love, love, love the Lassie-esque  commercial 
 Really liked the Audi ad 
 I just unlocked the "Packers Super Bowl" badge on  
 RT  Interesting real time analysis of Twitter sentiment around  ads  
 No, thanks  
 The Ultimate Super Bowl National Anthem 
 Chinese Lunar New Year Parade- it was a little crowded on this street 
 Chinese Lunar New Year Parade 
 Just a little crowded! ( Chinese Lunar Parade & Cultural Festival) 
 RT  Twitter Topics and Why They Become Popular - 
 Ok, this made my day. Sesame Street does the Beastie Boys 
  Ha, no doubt!
 Wow RT  A dose of reality: Obama’s and Bush’s contributions to the  side-by-side in 1 graph  via 
 This.story. To Reach Simple Life at Camp, Lining Up for Private Jets - 
 Facebook launches microsite for SMBs to take advantage of their marketing tools  (via 
