 RT  I regretfully announce that Tennessee National Raceway will be closing effective immediately.  This (cont) 
 RT  If tprerace prayer didn't get u inspired, at least this should: Shane Hmiel talks about his (cont) 
 RT  It's race week at our home tracK  and  will be sponsoring us once (cont) 
 RT   at ESPN Studios for NASCAR Now! 
 RT  TEAM SHARK RT  619am in LA  w/   ready to shoot behind the (cont) 
 RT  TEAM SHARK RT  619am in LA  w/   ready to shoot behind the (cont) 
 RT  Nationwide drivers' opinions vary on move to join Sprint Cup at Brickyard next ... 
 RT  COLUMN: Home from the heat: In terms of attendance, the Nationwide and Camping World Truck (cont) 
 RT  Carl trying desperately to make his way to the TV booth.....
 RT   Lap 100 - Wallace, Bowman, Suarez, DiBenedetto, Gifford, Elliott, Pena, Presnell, (cont) 
 RT  RubbingsRacing.com NNS: A Conversation with Kenny Wallace    
 RT  How can you not know how old Austin Dillon is? Did u not study your notes?  barely knows his son's age.
 RT   hey!  See ya next weekend?!? Another tour!?  Need new pic ;)...Don't let her in T. LOL, (cont) 
 RT   hey!  See ya next weekend?!? Another tour!?  Need new pic ;)...Don't let her in T. LOL
 RT  "Thank you for my smokin' hot wife Lisa" -- a real prayer tonight at the  race in Nashville. 
 RT  Is it just me or is Steve Wallace getting an awful lot of camera time tonight?... is watching.
 RT  He deserves link, here's Pastor Joe "Thank you for my smokin' hot wife, Lisa!" Nelms' (cont) 
 RT  RT  For those who asked  here's the pre-race prayer shortened to audio only mp3.  bit.ly/pSWilw
 I need one of those  from 
 RT  RT   funny car driver John Force just had an explosion which tossed his (cont) 
 RT  Dear Twitter, I have a crush on google+ but my heart still belongs to you. xo ~ 
 RT  Ten start-and-parks. Part of reason - lack of good cars available as good teams don't have old cars to sell. 
 RT    — At least until last call tonight...That's what's nice about not being in the MC tonight. LOL
 RT  So, I guess "Nashville Speedway Invocation" on YouTube gets this guys greatest hits. Something of a tradition. 
 RT  In Boulder having dinner...the bar isn't playing an MLB game...got the NNS race on. Impressed. 
 RT   — I'm waiting for alcohol to learn to understand me....How long you willing to wait?
 RT  Preacher made it to YouTube before the green flag! That is impressive my friends....He should (cont) 
 RT  Preacher made it to YouTube before the green flag! That is impressive my friends.
 RT   - But he blessed the Chevy R07 engine. Unbelievable.
 RT  Love it. RT  Here it is friends !!
 RT  In honor of that NASCAR invocation "Thank you lord for Red Bull, sprite, Dodger Dogs, chicken (cont) 
 RT  No kidding. One of a kind! RT  What a pre-race invocation 
  I see the shade is gone from booth windows. Good move.
 RT  RT  Best Prayer Ever. Got em FIRED UP!! :)   I've got tears rolling that was soooo great!!!
 RT  L m a o. "Thank you for my smokin hot wife, boogity boogity boogity amen"!  Let's all (cont) 
 RT  Here they are getting ready to begin. Hope you can hear them over the PA!   (cont) 
 RT  Watching K&N qualifying at Columbus Motor Speedway,  ended up 5th fastest.  
 RT  The Countdown show will start with the boys standing out on the roof. Its HOT...they are gonna (cont) 
 RT  Joey is still in a lot of pain. It's been the toughest & longest wk. Of our lives. It (cont) 
 RT  Fourth pole in nine   races for  comes 
 RT  RT  NNS: Reed Sorenson – Man on a Mission   
  Atl was fine, back in the AC, adult beverage & ready to watch the race. Be sure you hydrate & stay cool.
  Probably had all the fat fried out of them.
 RT  Pit Road is busy at  .  one end. How is crowd looking, besides fryed?
 RT    qualifying  is underway
 RT  The cars are hitting the track for qualifying! There's still plenty of time to come out and (cont) 
 RT  Coverage begins at 7et, grn flag at 7:47et. “  Jamie, please (cont) 
 RT  Look what I slept with last night   that is (cont) 
  North of Dallas & Ft Worth  on 35W.
  what part of Texas you in? You should plan to go TMS in November.
  No did not spot last night but may at Lucas Oil Speedway next week.
  Rained out Illiana, you sure Rockford still on?
 RT  Tried to paint Moo's toenails....yeah, self explanatory....You are just too mean.
  Actually back home now. Had to meet a client in Atlanta & thought I was going to have to come back (cont) 
 RT  Sad my time w/ my fam is over..and now it's time for the grind..who's ready for College Fball?? (cont) 
 RT  It's HOT   qualifying begins at 2:35pm with  going out (cont) 
 RT  Up next for  is     
 RT  RT  Excelsior! RT  Ya gotta try a bacon infused  bloody (cont) 
 RT  I was so excited to take the dogs to the dog running area and not a single one of them would (cont) 
 RT  If U missed it:  ... How judge came up with Michael Annett's punishment & why it (cont) 
 RT  Sleeping in on the road is not NEARLY as fun as at home. 
 RT  Happy Birthday to Danielle Frye,  AND 9 year old Bryson Byrnes!
 RT  If U missed it:    Homestead mayor says Bruton Smith is "out of step with ... (cont) 
 RT  Got a sneak peek at the EP album artwork this week and it is so cool! Can't wait for yall to see (cont) 
 RT  RT  Anyone in the Nashville area need a ticket to the nationwide race tonight? (cont) 
 RT  Tweet-Up w/  today at 2 p.m. in the expo area's NASCAR Foundation display; 1st (cont) 
 RT  Listening to one of the most compelling racing radio shows TrackSmack with Dawn Murphy - (cont) 
 RT  . talks to  about tours, career growth and his worst gig.  Check out (cont) 
 RT  Come out! RT  Off to  to enjoy the last solo NW race. Hope we get to (cont) 
 RT  RT  Can Google+ beat Twitter and Facebook as a tool for journalists? (cont) 
 RT  RT  “ I just had my first   best drink in the History of 
 RT  Going to be steamy again in Nash. If you can't be here in person, watch us at 3:30 et for (cont) 
 RT  Happy Birthday to my beautiful friend and co-worker  Wishes.
 RT  Jealous!!RT  Could it be that I just attended the final  race (cont) 
 RT  NASCAR Camping World Truck Series -- Austin Dillon earns his 1st win of season - 
 Could it be that I just attended the final  race 
 RT  RT  NCWTS: Johanna Long – A Young Woman to Watch   
 RT  NCWTS: Johanna Long – A Young Woman to Watch   
 RT  Green again ...
 RT  How many 10 trucks are out here? We pass one every 10 laps....
 RT  Can I please get a pit stop???..If Ned Jarrett can call a pit stop from john you should be (cont) 
 RT  If your enjoying  in Tennessee tonight, buy the $33  tix package to  for Aug 24 race
 RT  Good old  is flying back to host SPEED Center this weekend back in Charlotte for (cont) 
 RT  Pretty much a split vote on the Voda hat tonight.    the shoes rocked it.
 RT  Jo brought her truck behind the wall. She said something is broke because her truck has really (cont) 
 RT  Jo brought her truck behind the wall. She said something is broke because her truck has really (cont) 
 RT  The thing I love about my family: we have the truck race on in tue meeting room....Classic!
    
 RT  Qualifying is underway  Jo will roll off 17th!
 RT  “   Friends    (cont) 
 RT    superLAJOIE     (cont) 
 RT         (cont) 
 RT   you & your family did a wonderful job, telling your story honestly, openly. i'm (cont) 
 RT  SO EXCITED!  Singing the national anthem and then doing a show after the ARCA race in Pocano (cont) 
 RT  RT  View the new  PSA at  featuring  (cont) 
 RT  RT  Justin heads to Lebanon, TN on Saturday with five NNS starts at Nashville (cont) 
 RT  RT  Great stat from  Wire Service: Current streak of 8 diff  (cont) 
 RT  Am pretty darn giddy this morning. Personal milestone: wearing single-digit pant size (cont) 
 RT  We got the motor back and its back in the car it runs and sounds really good
 RT  This is what  car will look like this weekend.    
 RT  Hope everyone is having a good week. ... I'm taking a little breather and will be back to full speed next week....Enjoy.
 RT  ESPN changes  talent lineup: Allen Bestwick, Nicole Briscoe move to new roles 
 Allen Bestwick replaces Marty Reid as play-by-play announcer for ESPN’s Sprint Cup races  (cont) 
 RT  SO EXCITED TO BE APART  The ARCA races are amazing! 
 RT  Photo: Space Shuttle Leaves Space Station for Final Time: Space shuttle Atlantis is seen from (cont) 
 RT  Yeah what he said RT  Check out the latest RubbingsRacing.com NASCAR News Flash (cont) 
 RT  My whore-ish ways create revenue. Nobody gets it.  RT   they say u (cont) 
 RT  Woke up to more amazing messages from you great fans. I'm so touched and overwhelmed by the (cont) 
 RT  The Google + Wakeup Call: What it Means for Marketers: Like everyone else, I was stunned at... (cont) 
 RT  Need to learn Google+? Attend this LIVE 2 hour event tomorrow,July 20th 12pm ET -  (will be recorded)
 RT  RT  When the space shuttle lands, everybody wear Ape suits, pass it on
 RT  Here in KHI.. getting ready to start filming..!
 RT  "Work is a necessary evil to be avoided." - Mark Twain.
 RT  Jason Aldean on the hill tonight for the Sawx... 
 RT  Red flag was 14 minutes and 39 seconds 
 RT  RT  ARCA on SPEED  is on the 25 car  with Brennan Poole! 
 RT  Yay!  tweeted me! Lol :) guys follow him, he's so funny, and his show is (cont) 
 RT  Trucks are back out on the track under yellow. 
 RT  Now that Justin Marks is heading to the hospital after hitting the inside wall maybe Iowa will (cont) 
 RT  On a more positive note, how about david mayhew on the pole for tonights  (cont) 
  Agree om MoO but he usually provides more insightful explanations.
 RT  Join the debate .... Are  drivers athletes?   See  now ... 
 RT  Looking for something to do  right now? Come join us at the  autograph session.
 RT  check it out! “ Real good video on BPs  interview pre race at YouTube.com/brennanpoole”
  Actually he is a better analyst than Rusty & Marty.
 RT  I just wish when   racing together, ESPN would pipe in  Jackson: (cont) 
 RT  Keselowski wins New England 200 pole  
 RT  Wicked good weather at  Cup practice is live on  Mods will be on Speed51.com website at 1PM.
 RT  According to press release just distributed, NHMS officials claim only around 2,000 tickets (cont) 
 RT  Morning leftovers from Bruton Smith's New Hampshire Motor Speedway press conference | (cont) 
 RT  There's a new snack at DG! Keebler's Jumbo Fudge Sticks are now available at DG. Stop in (cont) 
 RT  The No. 27 Richmond/Menards Chevy getting some TV time during practice at  (cont) 
 RT  Having a cup of Dunkin' Donuts coffee in the press box at NHMS in honor of  (cont) 
 RT     Happy 26th birthday Chani.
 RT  NEW HAMPSHIRE: Kevin Harvick Press Conference Highlights  
 RT  RT  Bruton, you blew it. My column of SMI chairman Bruton Smith's meltdown (cont) 
 RT  Follow  I miss her and she's gorgeous!
 RT  RT  Nice recap of Bruton Smith's sad, weird press conference from (cont) 
 RT  RT  TGIF!! Hey tweeps we need your help. G2C needs 10 more followers to reach (cont) 
 RT  If you missed, Bruton Smith was in New Hampshire, but the conversation remained fixed on (cont) 
 RT  I am going to start calling Bruton Smith Uncle BS after today's debacle.. July 2011 KY (cont) 
 RT  RT  How to easily transfer your Facebook friends to Google+ [video] 
 RT  My car is handling like a Cadillac !  looks like one also.
 RT   ..dude..who wears that much body spray  and hair gel to watch a movie with (cont) 
  Ur welcome.
 RT          via 
 RT         (cont) 
 RT            (cont) 
  Looking good on pit road 
 RT            (cont) 
 RT         (cont) 
 RT  ...but he tap dances well for a man in his 80s!
  U R Welkum.
 RT        (cont) 
 RT         (cont) 
 Whatever is the world coming to my ole friend  Dave Goodman has joined 
    Thanks for the vid, now if you are on G+ send me a request so I too can determine if it is the next coming SMedia.
 RT  RT   President Mike Helton to have press conference at 9 a.m. tomorrow at New Hampshire.  Wonder what that ...
 RT  RT  Hey race fans groupon has a great deal on  tickets for Indy at Lucas Oil. 2 tickets 50% off!
 Two Minute Video: Google+ vs. Facebook and Twitter - Techland - TIME.com 
 RT  Just got done with another great song in the studio. I can't wait for yall to hear all this new stuff!
 RT  Still doing all I can do to make it as a driver this is just something thats going to make (cont) 
 RT  Pretty cool article RT  NOTEBOOK: Pressley Makes The Switch (cont) 
 RT  We were doing some routine motor maintenance and found a valve problem. Working on repairs and should be back at Ill ...
 That  rocks.
 RT  My  last shows here will be tomorrow (Wednesday) Thax so much for watching. RT  When is your last day?
 RT  I'm so drunk right now I just announced to the hotel lobby "Listen up people!! I have a (cont) 
 RT  “ Is  as beautiful in person as she is on TV?  (cont) 
 RT  BoSox fans will like this! RT  Here's our 6 fenway mustang for this weekend 
 RT  Erik Darnell to replace JJ Yeley in the No.  46 Whitney Motorsports Chevy at Loudon. Team to (cont) 
 RT  RT  . determination continues on new album, Neon. See what he has (cont) 
 RT  RT   :( Someone sponsor  and 
 RT  Marcus Smith joined  Sirius Speedway to talk about KY Speedway. Hear the interview here . 
 RT  We are still waiting for someone to step up and help sponsor the 30 Germain Toyota Tundra. We need help
 RT   Kentucky Speedway Steps up for Fans 
 RT  One can only guess what could possibly transpire in this sport over the next two weeks  LOL....Double LOL.
 RT  I know i'm still your first favorite :-) RT  One of my favorite drivers  (cont) 
 RT  RT  Wow!! Al Shill was getting lapped, Dave Feiler spun him after Al didn't move (cont) 
 RT  Appreciate the various stories I'm getting about experiences at  both good and bad. Keep 'em coming! 
 RT  Fieler,  , Lepak,  ,  
 RT  40 to go n kb still trying to grab the lead back!! (kb is the black 51car) 
 RT  50 to go a Slinger Natls and  is 2nd. Follow live coverage on Speed51.com. 
 RT  Interesting... RT  They quit scanning tix when we got there. NO OFFICIAL COUNT of (cont) 
 RT  On the restart kn n one of the 40 cars battling for the lead! 40 got kb right on his tail 57 to go!!!
 RT  “ RT   says the car just "plows"”~Like father like son! Lol
 RT  Robby Gordon wins Leg 2 of the 2011 BULLRUN 
 RT  I think  didn't like getting jumped on restart  Ran Feiler high (cont) 
 RT   leads by half a straight over  - ross busy with  in mirror
 RT   ,  , Feiler, Lepak
 RT  RT  Im home. I had a blast. if i was unsure now I know...I love NASCAR :) and that  (cont) 
 RT  Kentucky: the KentuckySpeedway Facebook posts are pretty telling, and offer several angles. Check it out.
 RT  Thanks to   and especially  I gave those tires a working today.
 RT  In Fans' Shoes Thought: When I was 13 daddy took me to CLT to see MJ play. I was his hugest (cont) 
 RT  After 2 tickets yesterday it was great to jump in the Jeep SRT8 and be the 1st one to make it (cont) 
 RT  I am watching Falling Skies w/2908 others    show on 
 RT  American Idol ( week on the  Country Music Countdown!  | 
 RT    IMS did mention they will have a special offer for Kentucky Speedway ticket holders too
 RT  ok question.. the 24 car finished 1.972 sec of the leader.. i was 1.971. how did i finish behind him? 
 RT   Here's your response from Robin Pemberton, NASCAR vice president of (cont) 
 RT   ... Brian France statement on Kentucky traffic: "This situation cannot happen (cont) 
 RT  RT  At   is lapping feature-winner types at 70 laps. (cont) 
 RT  Elevation church with  this morning was good. We both needed it.  
 RT  I can't say sorry enough to the fans who went thru traffic issues..we all understand that (cont) 
 RT  Lineup for  feature 1. RKenseth 2. Kasten 3. Lepak 4. Apel 5.Holtz ... 8. (cont) 
 RT  RT  I want to see if people actually read my tweets.. RT if you do.
 RT  RT  Country Music TV Alert! - CMA Music Festival on ABC August 7th - 
 RT  anyone on Google+ yet? if so, create a NASCAR circle and add me to it! I'll follow back with (cont) 
 RT  Planning Photoshoots & going to agencies in nyc!!!!
  You  with  today?
 RT  Latest statement by  on the traffic issues  
 RT  This is what  does on his Sundays off :-o  
 RT  Re: MattKenseth not RACING in  Pathfinder doesn't have house car. Ross has (cont) 
 RT  Why is twitter terrific? Check out  and  "discussing" today's incident.
 RT  Kentucky: After this traffic madness, how to repair the damage? 
 RT  RT  I thought you were supposed to rip your shirt off if you win in women's soccer.
 RT  Just quit raining at  - hope the rain stays away!
 RT    Wow. Emmo , Mario , Max , Micheal. All on twitter ?? Social Media is awesome
 RT  RT  Follow  for some updates from  and the Slinger Nationals.
 RT  Have you heard  yet? Listen through Monday - before the album officially hits (cont) 
 RT  Thx 2 all the great fans 4 coming out tonight. I apologize on behalf of our sport 4 all the (cont) 
 RT  Is this fault of SMI for expanding to 107k seats w/o necessary infrastructure? Or fault of (cont) 
 RT  Bruton Smith in today's Cincinnati Enquirer: "I cannot do this as a private company. (cont) 
 RT  My flight is now cancelled. I am resisting the ire - and the desire to melt down, make a (cont) 
 RT  At Cincy airport - best line of night from  "I took a $189 shower last (cont) 
 RT  Left Ky track at 2 am. Got to hotel at 4:15 am. Left for airport at 6:30 am. But I made it....Whew, that was close.
 RT  I really want to feel bad for the speedway, but i just can't. How could they not see this (cont) 
 RT  Well time to go.,...safe travels to everyone trying to leave the track and get home...
  Not sure but maybe on Fri only.
 RT  RT  We've reached top speed on I 71!  --- we're flying! I (cont) 
 RT   Would you like a wake up call when traffic clears...like Wednesday or so? :)...Oh that's mean.
 RT  RT  Hey guys, the Harvick Fans Page is now on twitter! Follow  :)
 RT  Things I can say about road trip so far: it helps to have good music on radio, snacks, (cont) 
 RT  Race recap is done - time to trek back over to the infield and stretch a bit and then take a (cont) 
 RT  Thanks to all the fans who tweeted the traffic issues today and kept us informed.
 RT  It's been almost 20 minutes & we haven't made it to the tunnel... Cops just shut down (cont) 
 RT  I've never seen chaos leaving the infield like I just witnessed. And I was on a golf cart. Not (cont) 
 RT  RT  National Anthem  ARCA Race (Jul 28  O'Reilly Raceway Park)  via 
 RT  From  spokesman: It is really disappointing that we had such an issue with traffic (cont) 
 RT  RT  Motorcycle accident apparently on the ramp for 171 north. Not helping things
 RT  RT  Police are blocking the parking lots. Co-workers are not being permitted to leave. 
 RT  People need to keep their heads.-RT  RT  Some twitter folks at (cont) 
 RT  Unconfirmed reports that the winner of the race will be turned away from victory lane because (cont) 
 RT  77 percent of unofficial espn.com poll r now on your side  U have more for you than (cont) 
 RT  RT  I think next race drinking game should be every time that damn tarantula phone pic takes a beatin'.
 RT  Lap 173 Tim is still leading and Ty is P10
 RT  I say Dale Jr wins it what it will take to save this race. Ha ha did I say that??????
 RT  30 to go, 31 is in the lead
 RT   'This has got to be the most frustrating place I've raced at in my life.'
 RT  RT  Ky. Senate Pres. David Williams never made it to  due to traffic. Left (cont) 
 RT  Thought about going for ice cream, but was afraid traffic jam had reached Lake Norman. 
 RT    Safely inside while all about ... mayhem. 
 RT  Lap 77  p9 and  p18 after pit stop
 RT  RT  NASCAR tix - $170. 5 hours of traffic - $50 gas. Turned away due to no (cont) 
 RT  RT  SPEED Dakar Jeep at the starting line  
 RT  Getting word fans still arriving are being turned away    
 RT  My thoughts on the Traffic Jam: "This is the way it used to be" back when tracks (cont) 
 RT  Our view from the PRN booth  great seats 
 RT  Coming up next on Countdown to Green: Tony Stewart live on the set 
 RT  RT  Ok I just sat down to eat and a fan took her bra off and walked over to me and had (cont) 
 RT  RT   Sitting in the hotel for the night. Paid 200 for tix and came 9 hours. (cont) 
 RT  Please remember full-screen commercials are back, but there is RaceBuddy at NASCAR.com again for free!
 RT  Yes,  is heading for ESPN as a  anchor. She will move in late July and begin in August.
 RT   pls keep tweeting 4 all of us stuck in traffic (3hrs and counting) still 5 miles away!
 RT  Do wanna give a shout out to  for it spotters stand. Albeit a lil small, we do have (cont) 
 RT  . LIVE Now from  on  - Don't Miss the Action!  
 RT  Was this said w/ a straight face? RT   say prerace backup due 2 (cont) 
 RT  Pre-race concert in full swing!  
 RT  we're trying not to think about it RT   What is it going to be like when everyone tries to leave?
 RT  RT    local news says 16 mile backup to track....yee haw maw!!!
 RT  “ Drove from NB 2see Joey at this race.. idk if well make it still 7mi (cont) 
 RT  Welcome to    
 RT  RT  By the way, this is SunTrust Racing's 100th race since joining the Rolex (cont) 
 RT   He said just for that he's going to win today & give you a shoutout haha.
 RT  Anyone want to see  at the track on Labor Day Weekend? 
 RT  Getting a mani/pedi and there are 2 super hot gay guys in here.  might be in (cont) 
 RT  RT   BTY  is the 1st with a tan!
 RT  Word on the street is this: Bruton Smith said OPEN ALL Parking lots there will be NO VIP or (cont) 
 RT   just watched your deal on speed! Pretty awesome man! You should def go to the CLT race in Oct.
 RT  RT  Kentucky: problems, problems: gates didnt open till 2pm...and most bathrooms are (cont) 
 RT  RT  We have 30 Super Sportsman cars signed into  tonight...
 RT  Panoramic shot of Kentucky Speedway from the hill overlooking Turn 2.  
 RT  Tim is on track for his qualifying run
 RT  RT  Should I walk from Warsaw?  Google maps says 6.8 miles to   .. (cont) 
 RT  The race is tape delayed this weekend so the  race will be shown on  Sunday  (cont) 
 RT  Starter: One to go at line. Remember, racing will be aired at 4p ET Sunday, on  (cont) 
 RT  Best way in and out of Kentucky Speedway today.  
 RT  New girls tshirt at Denny merchandise trailer. Cute!! 
 RT  Notable guests at Ky drivers meeting inc. actor Nick Lachey (bud of 5-time) & USF football (cont) 
 RT  Check out this video: LBTV Thursdays 2011! Episode 11 - 
 RT   local officials at track say not related to the race
 RT  Ran a 17.492 for  currently p2 and  is currently p1. I'll update you (cont) 
 RT  I decided to use another door instead...It's because you look so sinister. LOL
 RT  Track security guy at one drivers meeting door: "I can't let you in there. See those (cont) 
 RT   have a good night - didn't hang around to say hi - too hot.  In PB tonight with a (cont) 
 RT  Well there ya go!..Bruton Smith answered YOUR questions about traffic here at (cont) 
 RT   officials do not believe helicopter crash involves any industry participants....WTH??
 RT  RT  God I love Bruton Smith! 
 RT  RT   Time to shut down the Interstate and use all lanes as inbound and clear the dam highway
 RT  Kentucky: the bad news on traffic front appears to be that the jam-up is now extending up I-71/75 nearly to the airport....
 RT  Watching the  special on SPEED. The early 80s were the coolest looking Cup cars ever. That Dew car looks bad ass.
 RT  Countdown to Green at 6:30pm ET: thoughts on new track, live interview with  Pride (cont) 
 RT  A good crowd around the  Budweiser  Great atmosphere in the garage area (cont) 
 RT  Love ya bro. Dale Jr and I celebrating   induction in the 
 RT   Fuel Injection is still on target for 2012 Speed weeks
 RT   Teams have the green light to test fuel injection at Goodyear tire tests. At the track test (cont) 
 RT  RT  Bruton & I were discussing the traffic complaints and he suggested a (cont) 
 RT  Kentucky: if you happen to see a bright orange Speed Jeep whiz by you, dont worry, it's just (cont) 
 RT  NASCAR At Kentucky: Quaker State 400 Lineup And Stories To Watch: For the first time since September (cont) 
 RT  Wow just got back from walk round the track! Amazing 2 c how many ppl r here! So cool 2 c (cont) 
 RT  Looking good! RT  The pace car is ready for the Quaker State 400  at 7:30pm (cont) 
 RT  Driver walks out of bedroom  2 o clock and Sez " I love waking up with a trophy in my (cont) 
 RT  Here's the back stretch. Just a mile to go!  , I already (cont) 
 RT  Bruton Smith predicted fans would get home by Tuesday. Maybe he wasn't kidding. (cont) 
 RT  Wonder what Texas State Troopers who worked first race in 1997 would think of traffic (cont) 
  Methinks I am glad I drove all the way back to  last night & this morning.
 RT  All the fans should arrive by 10:30pm. RT  1st Cup race at Kentucky Speedway tonight on TNT 7:30!
 RT  Stopped at a rest area so dad and I could stretch... Got our 2nd wind & back on the (cont) 
 RT  I'm concerned about the appearance of our pilot tonight... pretty sure shirtless is not (cont) 
 RT  PLEASE HELP HIM - RETWEET THIS - homeless Denver man plays purple rain WOW CRY  (cont) 
 RT   Facebook News Daily is out! 
  travel safely also.
 RT  We are all wrapped up here. Check the track's web site Saturday morning for a full report on (cont) 
 Good to see & spend time with  &   today.
 RT  RT        (cont) 
 RT         (cont) 
 RT  Yep, I'm gonna do it. Race Fan Confessional Booth w/ video cam. All is fair. Just like on MTV's (cont) 
 RT  About a repave, Bruton says, "Oh, that's only talk. Some want it. Some don't. I don't (cont) 
 RT  Bruton Smith calls this the "largest stock car race of the year." Figures media must (cont) 
 RT  RT  Regan Smith is a top the practice Leader Board with speed of 181.439MPH
 RT  The TruckerNet.com phone app offers 24/7  support for service & roadside (cont) 
 RT  Enter for a chance to win a Taylor SolidBody electric guitar signed by CMA Fan Social performers. (cont) 
 RT  Sun is finally out, practice under way and pizzas are being cooked and delivered!
 RT  There is our Mayor...On his perch....anything we can get you  ?   
 RT  Don't want to forget to tell everyone to go to Irwin.com and get a chance for tickets and (cont) 
 RT  Denny does NOT look happy in the garage  
 RT  One of the coolest things I have ever seen. 3D printer. My engineer friends will geekout over this. (cont) 
 RT  At ford stage listening to  and 
 RT  LMAO... Junior ->"It seemed just like a normal damn race to me. Man wanted to go (cont) 
  thanks for heads up.
 RT  Many teams starting in qualifying trim so if it rains again, they have a fast time. But radar (cont) 
 RT  Practice for NSCS is about to begin again and will go until 3pm and then weather permitting the (cont) 
 RT  Paving about 15 feet a minute ... Rock n Roll. 
 RT  Sorry I meant, DIDN'T have the chance to run all 3 divisions, can't compare...RT  (cont) 
 RT  Practice is delayed here at  Jet dryers giving it another try, they're on the track again.
 RT  The rain has stopped again & the jet dryers are out.
 RT        (cont) 
 RT            (cont) 
 RT            (cont) 
 RT            (cont) 
 RT          (cont) 
 RT  FOR A GOOD TIME, Please tweet the following: "  because [give any reason (cont) 
 RT  Take a peek under Tim's hat as the band gets ready to rock Hampton Roads, VA tomorrow night! 
 RT  “ “ On set of GMA! Who hoo!”  Oh yeah?!! Well I'm on (cont) 
 RT           (cont) 
 RT  Crew members work on the Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet test car with an electronic fuel injection (cont) 
 Advertising, Marketing and Rugby 
 RT  The American Idols LIVE! Tour kicks off tonight in Utah. Break a leg, Top 11! 
 RT  RT   Can I get a good luck wish 4 the job at M&M's World I applied 4, would (cont) 
 RT  2) Best wishes to  A lovely young lady going through a hard time due to the (cont) 
 RT  David Starr, who's running Double Duty this weekend in the Truck and Cup races at Kentucky on with Claire...
 RT  Mike Wallace, eyeing 400th Nationwide start, likes racing for small team 
 RT  So lets re-cap:   1) Save the Montreal NWS race! E-mail Montreal Mayor Tremblay at (cont) 
 RT  Check out this David Reutimann Kentucky Preview Video! 
 RT  Video: Brazilian Stock Car driver engulfed in flames. Stops, drops, rolls... survives 
 RT  big congrats to da Biff and Nicole on the birth of their daughter!
 RT  Latest  video blog is uploading to  now. This one has been one of my favorites so far!
 RT  NNS: News Out Of Indy Is One Step Backwards For Nationwide Series,   (cont) 
 RT   WILL SERVE AS OUR TITLE SPONSOR IN SEPTEMBER for  SPRINT CUP 
 RT   Dang...  I'll be sure to mention your name if I hear of something.
 RT   Hey Dustin thinking about you man. With how great of a writer you are I know (cont) 
 RT ..This really sucks, guess I will just have to start my own news web site to take care of all you great (cont) 
 RT   no fans and very few media will like this move. It is about money, not racing. (cont) 
 RT  Mike Wallace survives Last Lap Crash to Finish 15     (cont) 
 RT  I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES of AMERICA! "One nation, under (cont) 
 RT  CUP: Who Will Be Next First-Timer?: There have been 10 different winners in the last 10 (cont) 
 RT  Alright tweeps do you have 8 minutes? Check out my latest NASCAR News Flash video for (cont) 
 RT  Who will be the next new winner this year?   
 RT  J Having fun in Mile High City visiting my sis Terry & Buddy John- she makes me look shy! 
 RT  He never let's an opportunity slip away. RT   Matt just said on (cont) 
 RT  Jelllyfish invasion! Check out pictures of the washed-up jellies on Fourth of July weekend: 
 RT  Vote Martina McBride ( “Teenage Daughters” on the, Top 5 Gone Wild: (cont) 
 RT  RT  RT  14 year old hockey player Curtis Kennedy fighting cancer . (cont) 
 RT  come on down I'll take you with me LOL RT    You're taking me with you right???
 RT  RT  For those who missed our story from last night: Ragan finds redemption at (cont) 
 RT  RT  Entertainment for every NASCAR fan - A bucket list experience of a group of (cont) 
 RT  Great teamwork tonight by  and  Finished 7th & 8th and the  (cont) 
 RT  To all the spotters out there tonight - great job. I listened to several.  You guys deserve a (cont) 
 RT  Congratulations to David Ragan, winner of the Coke Zero 400 at Daytona International Speedway. (cont) 
 RT  Feel so bad for  he ran a great race tonight!!!  he deserved a better finish.
 RT  Junior is fired up. "I ain't waitin on nobody! I'm just gonna mash the gas and go."
 RT  it truly sounds like air traffic control,the chatter on these radios is very entertaining (cont) 
 RT  Earnhardt Jr. is now in the hunt with Jimmie Johnson.  Ran the group down from 6 seconds back.
 RT  New cliche on two-car draft: civil unions. Uh ... nah...Too funny.
 RT  teamlally 4 tires and fuel for the   decided to stay out as we entered pit row. Will hook back up. - Ryan
 RT  RT   Really enjoying the way TNT is handling the race tonight. Fox and (cont) 
 RT  Junior: "I feel like we're really hauling ass."
 RT  RCR names Torrey Galida chief operating officer   to a great & knowlegable person.
 RT  NASCAR shared some of its preliminary plan for the future w/media this week. Passing it along to (cont) 
 RT  . -  Hopes She 'Earned Respect' With Daytona Effort. Read More HERE >>  
 RT  Thanks for all the tweets..so close tonight.we had another rocket.can't thank the guys at (cont) 
 RT  Good video of  and  
 RT  Early look  weather for this weekend.     
 RT  RT  Check out   finalist  in a spin off of (cont) 
 RT  Finally got my Charles Chips can. Just like the one my Nana had as a cookie can. Ahhh. (cont) 
 RT  “ You can count the days until the  on one hand! Make sure you have your tickets! ”,
 RT  Hey  fans in  The  test is open to the public on Thursday 10 am (cont) 
 RT  Best line I heard about making marriage work....from actor kevin bacon..."keep the (cont) 
 RT  Perhaps both sides need to quit pandering to us & figure it out! We elected you, now do your job....Yes-Yes.
 RT   Don Naman made Smoky Mountain Speedway into a showplace here in east TN. Went (cont) 
 RT   did now. Good read.  will also retweet it....Very good read as well as good points.
 RT   Did you see our topic today? "Last Chance For Romance" 
