 Just got my baby back. 
 Legroom on  is  
  sucks ass. It doesn't matter how cheap it is.
  
 I'm still buzzin about  in  Can't wait until next year :) 
  Sounds like a very Nick Movs  :) I may stay in LA too for 4th or the hamptons. Lets catch up soon.
 Whose in  this weekend?   
  yo sorry for the late response, just read this but im in vegas this weekend. What r u doing for the 4th?
  sucka s !!!
 Thank you  and  for crashing my phone 12 times just today 
 Please don't wear old cheap t-shirts to the sports club LA 
 Wilshire blvd is a piece of shit 
 I'm at Harvard & Stone (5221 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles) w/ 3 others 
  so you basically beat up a girl?
  rocked   
  this mix is  ! 
 Max Vangeli at Beverly club 
 Happy Monday....another day another dollar
 I'm at Comme Ça (8479 Melrose Ave, Los Angeles) 
   exactly those blood suckers haha
  leaches
 Don't even think about dating a hollywoood HO! They are worthless
 Dirty south 
 I'm at Marquee Nightclub & Dayclub (3708 Las Vegas Blvd. S., Las Vegas) w/ 8 others 
 I'm at XS Nightclub (3121 Las Vegas Blvd S, at Encore at Wynn Las Vegas, Las Vegas) w/ 50 others 
 I'm at McCarran International Airport (LAS) (5757 Wayne Newton Blvd, E Russell Road, Las Vegas) w/ 41 others 
  is gonna blast   tonight!!
 Did the  factory in  really burn down ?
 I can only watch 
   you will be missed in the mornings :(
 DO not date  ho's
   ehhhh
 Markus Shulz    
 Markus Shultz ( Avalon Hollywood w/ 17 others) 
 Thanks  for really fucking up my phone all week long 
 I'm thinking  just lost his 2012 re-election by throwing   
  I think you may have it in the bag :) 75% sure
  lol me too trust me but I make exceptions for grammy award winning Dj's that rarely play in LA
  is going to blow up   tonight!!      
 when it rains it pours   today
   Nikki Hilton last night 
  wow what beach are you at? 
  where is the  exhibit?
  he was really good at keeping the party pumped. Its a really small venue so it was cool to hear him up close but the 
    Thank SBE for providing those awesome party buses so we can all get to  safe
  is going to light up Sunset Blvd  opening party 2night!  
  
 Visual space has essentially no owner ~Joseph Kosuth
 I was in  a year ago
 The arabs are the anti-christ ~Sasha Frid lmao
 I paid $901 for this lil stupid sticker  
 Life is stressful if you let it get to you ~Mark Landver
 RT  Dancing round my living room to my set from  on Friday... Vain? Yes... Funky? Hell yeah...
  well I'm gonna be in    at the of June beginning of July  
  email me your calendar as I will be in some of those cities over 
 RT   has announced it's 2011 line-up!
 I'm at Avenue (116 10th Ave, at 17th st, New York) 
 I'm at Greenhouse (150 Varick St, Van Dam, New York) 
 I'm at Pastis (9 Ninth Ave, Little W 12th St, New York) w/ 2 others 
        where's my follow back??
 I'm at Caffe Napoli (191 Hester St, btw Mulberry & Mott St, New York) 
  your a sickkkkk man Jonny!! 
 I'm at Koi Restaurant (40 W 40th St, at 6th Ave., New York) w/ 2 others 
 Best champagne girl  plaza :) 
  favorite  
 I'm at The Oak Room at The Plaza Hotel (10 Central Park S, at 5th Ave, New York) w/ 2 others 
  get checked out more than  so start runnnnninn
  state of mind? 
 Can't fkn wait for dinner ( MPD w/ 2 others) 
  good partying together last night   
   don't need door guys since they let everyone in anyways and just keep people outside for no reason 
    
  in   
 I'm at The Bunker (24 9th Avenue, W. 13th St, New York) w/ 4 others 
  in  is 
 Why do all  drivers drive the same around the city?           grrrr
  wow you block traffic in  and now your doing it again in  on the day I arrive. See you at 
  yesss!
 I'm at Continental Airlines Presidents Club (Terminal 6 across from Gate 62, LAX Airport, Los Angeles) 
  is the ultimate  in 
 Thank you  for putting in a brand new 12K transmission into my  the  !!!
 Prs Clinton tried/failed.Prs Bush tried/failed.Obama tried&apparently succeeded.Moral of the story?If you want someone dead,hire a black man
    
   was there that night and brings back good memories. TY for playing in 
 Osama was killed on the same day as   Remembrance Day  ? 
 RT  NBC News: Osama bin Laden is dead  - Watch CNBC World and CNBC.com for the latest.
 Gareth Emory 
  Where you living now? 
 how do you get those cool bubble top  's in the U.S. that were in the  ?
 are  people going to watch the  tomorrow? 
 Entrepreneurs, Not Washington, Can Rebuild America - FoxBusiness.com  via   
    desecrated -  News, Ynetnews  via      
 Why Inflation is Coming to America 
 Why wasn't  invited to the  ?? 
 RT  Having a  friend means that you have a friend for life. Having a  enemy mean that your life can be ve ...
  costs have gone up 43 days in a row    
 did you like  last night  ? 
   
 today is the first day of the rest of your life   
 thumbs down for   sorry but the worst selection of tracks I have ever heard there.   :(
 I'm at Paul & Andres 
 Cant wait for    tonight!!
 RT  playing music box in LA tonight, whos coming by?
 RT  Ibiza Ibiza Ibiza!!! 
 The strokes 
 Tmobile party Strokes performing live 
   haha he has been following me all over the U.S. thurs-  Fri  Fri   Sat
  4sure I am chillllin the f out today.  
      
      via 
  
 LAPD suit: LAPD officers who complained about ticket quotas are awarded $2 million - latimes.com   
 John Dahlback "Come Undone" Stefano Noferini rmx by  via    
 DJ PP,Gabriel Rocha  Drunken Russian DJ PP Edit by  via  
  has been stalling so much lately....
 there should be a limit to haw many times the same commercial can play on any given channel. Its literally noise abuse for your eyes & ears!
 This is fire  
 Incomes, not jobs, could sink Obama re-election on 
 The Baffling World of Bitters 
 RT  I wanna thank everyone coming out to miami and everyone already in miami for an amazing week ! Love you guys ! S A
 Afrojack & laidback luke ( The National Hotel w/ 6 others) 
 thank you  for an amazing performance until 6 AM last night       
 its a beautiful day in party paradise for    on the way to Delano pool and than  pool party
  me too on the way to 
 Life's laughing at you not me
 Relax, West Coast: EPA Says Radiation Levels Are "Thousands of Times" Below Safe (via  
  i be there on Wed
 profit by your mistakes
 Thank you Mr. Nick van de Wall aka  for an amazing performance in Hollywood last night    
 I'm at Matsuhisa (129 N La Cienega, Los Angeles) 
 Pack Mentality: Why Is It So Hard to Quit Smoking?  ( stuff)
  and  go out to the people of  during their   Text REDCROSS to 90999 to donate $10 to 
 Introducing Buy Back     
 The east coast should be really jealous of  today 
 Feel a vegas trip coming on soon      
 I'm at Supper club (Los Angeles) 
 There should be an  that company's can air their  mandated by the      
 I heard your question    
 Hey  I'm a fan of  
 I'm at Soho House West Hollywood (9200 Sunset Blvd, at Cory Ave, West Hollywood) 
 I'm at Premiere Supper Club (1710 N. Las Palmas, Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles) 
 I'm at Beso Restaurant (6350 Hollywood Blvd, at Ivar Ave, Los Angeles) w/ 2 others 
  This new Veterans social network just hit the web 
  This new Veterans social network just hit the web 
  This new Veterans social network just hit the web 
 This new Veterans social network just hit the web  
 Shabbat Shalom
 MAMMOTH for the weekend : >)
 World's First Electric Supercar Taking Pre-Orders and Going Into Production  via 
 on my way to fedde le grand woop woop
  feels nice
  
 So psyched about   Saturday night :))
 Crazy Guy BASE Jumps off Bridge to Escape Arrest  via 
  is Giving Away Free Gas for a Year! Every day this month someone will win. Enter the sweepstakes now! 
  is a 
 I'm at LA Sports Club Beverly Hills (9601 Wilshire Blvd., Camden, Beverly Hills). 
 I just saw the wedding rings at the factory that are being produced for Jason and Melissa ::)so happy for them
 I'm at LA Sports Club Beverly Hills (9601 Wilshire Blvd., Camden, Beverly Hills). 
 I'm at Stumptown Coffee Roasters (18 West 29th Street, btw Broadway & 5th Ave, New York). 
 George W. Bush Talks "the Facebook" and the iPad [VIDEO]  via  
 I'm at Guggenheim Museum (1071 5th Ave, at 89th St, New York). 
 I'm at Lure Restaurant & Sushi Bar (142 Mercer St., Prince St., New York). 
 I'm at Pastis (9 Ninth Ave, Little W 12th St, New York). 
 I'm at The Jane Hotel Ballroom (113 Jane St, West Side Hwy, New York). 
 I'm at The Sports Club/LA At Rockefeller Plaza (45 Rockefeller Plaza, New York). 
 just had  in Catskills,  at the sweetest house.
 I'm at Le Bain at The Standard Hotel (848 Washington St, at 13th St, New York) w/ 2 others. 
 I'm at Grand Central Terminal (87 E 42nd St, Park Ave, New York) w/ 113 others. 
 I'm at LA Sports Club Beverly Hills (9601 Wilshire Blvd., Camden, Beverly Hills). 
 I'm at LA Sports Club Beverly Hills (9601 Wilshire Blvd., Camden, Beverly Hills). 
 happy almost birthday to me :-B and Happy Birthday to Fridddddy
 berger nibby?
 happy birthday to all my fellow scorpions this month
 wow i just saw a gumpert apollo at the     
 Everyone deserves a second chance even GM 
 RT  Shout out to Formula 1 UHEARME! Those cats go hard I gotta hit up 1 of tha races Dammn
  Why?? Tell us
 Chris Lake from the Hamptons to L. ( Avalon Hollywood w/ 8 others) 
 I'm at The London West Hollywood Hotel (1020 N San Vicente Blvd, West Hollywood). 
 Has tickets to   tonight 
 I unlocked the Studio Artist devatar on DevHub, a  that helps me build out my own website. 
 
 I dedicate my status update to all the veterans that keep our American dream alive and afford us with the high quality of life that we enjoy
 All Love From NY
 Thanks for the great music  
 I'm at The Sports Club/LA (9601 Wilshire Blvd., at Camden Dr., Beverly Hills). 
 Thank you for visitin      
 Gold is at $1381 an oz. today!
 I'm at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) (1 World Way, at Sepulveda Blvd, Los Angeles) w/ 75 others. 
 I'm at Mansion Nightclub (1235 Washington Ave, btw 12th and 13th St, Miami Beach) w/ 24 others. 
 I'm at Niki Beach (Miami Beach). 
 Swedish house mafia was insane.
  
 I'm at Mynt (1921 Collins Ave, Miami). 
 I'm at Skybar at the Shore Club (1901 Collins Ave, Miami). 
 I'm at Ago (1901 Collins Ave, Miami Beach). 
 Ferry corsten is sickkkkk ( LIV Nightclub w/ 14 others) 
 very hyped to hear   tonight
 I'm at Mokai Lounge (235 23rd St, Miami Beach) w/ 8 others. 
 I'm at LIV Nightclub (4441 Collins Ave, Miami Beach) w/ 5 others. 
 Im in south bitch!! ( Fort Lauderdale Int'l Airport (FLL) ✈ w/ 17 others) 
 I'm at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) ✈ (1 World Way, at Sepulveda Blvd, Los Angeles) w/ 64 others. 
 Carl Cox Plays at Mansion in Miami Halloween 2010 
 I'm at Sports Club LA (9601 Wilshire Blvd  Gf1, at Camden Dr, Beverly Hills). 
 Enroute to see  
  i miss soooo much at, least i can relive the memories on 
 Obama traffic is brewing already blayd!
  has to be the  on the planet.
 RT  This  set is pretty dope so far... Some heavy 808 shit gonna pop off, they better make sure they turn them sub ...
 Internet to Surpass 2 Billion Users This Year  via  
 I truly wonder if it's possible that I not use my horn  at least once while driving in  :~] 
 Wow Los Angeles :< ( from a short lack luster summer to an early fall rainy season...Mammoth u better be getting dumped on!!
 It feels like girl friend season is coming on strong this year 
 Redictrack deadmau5 - Orca by Play Records  via 
 Have you ever noticed that traffic is heavier on hot days and lighter on cool days 
 Just picked up a roll of film, yes a roll of film that were taken in 2001, wow luckily haven't changed much tho.
 I'm at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) ✈ (1 World Way, at Sepulveda Blvd, Los Angeles) w/ 63 others. 
 Good morning Miami!
 I'm at Mokai Lounge (235 23rd St, Miami Beach) w/ 4 others. 
 I'm at Club Space (34 NE 11th St, Miami) w/ 10 others. 
 Cedric Gervais live! ( LIV Nightclub w/ 10 others) 
 I'm at Mokai Lounge (235 23rd St, Miami Beach). 
 I'm at Mr Chow Miami (2201 Collins Avenue, at 22nd St, Miami Beach). 
 DOW 11,000 yesssss!
 Back to miamibitch® ( Fort Lauderdale Int'l Airport (FLL) ✈ w/ 16 others) 
 I'm at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) ✈ (1 World Way, at Sepulveda Blvd, Los Angeles) w/ 64 others. 
 is booked for  in         
 Top 40 sucks at colony. Where is the music?
 I'm at The Colony (1743 N Cahuenga Blvd, Hollywood, Los Angeles) w/ 4 others. 
 I'm at Sports Club LA (9601 Wilshire Blvd  Gf1, at Camden Dr, Beverly Hills). 
 Wow nothing like a nice  dinner to warm the soul.
 Happy  !
 Only in LA do homeless dudes have cell phones that they are charging 
 *Work harder* People on welfare depend on you!
 Uranis is passing behind Jupiter; u can see it twinkling all crazy in the sky. The planets are aligning :)   
 Sitting at a busy starbucks right next to a restroom. 8 out of 10 dudes dont wash their hands after. 
 I'm at LA Sports Club Beverly Hills (9601 Wilshire Blvd., Camden, Beverly Hills) w/ 2 others. 
 RIM unveils a tablet: the BlackBerry PlayBook - Yahoo! News 
 Loving the way the black series is handling the hot roads 
 Segway Company Owner Dies After Driving Segway Off Cliff  via 
 I'm at In-N-Out Burger (13425 Washington Blvd, Marina del Rey). 
  that bc they know how to drive vs. 
 Damm its hottt 
 England has some great bands 
 Museeeeee :-) ( STAPLES Center w/ 306 others) 
 I'm at Cleo at The Redbury (Los Angeles). 
 dropping off your rental and picking up your baby is 
 RT  "I believe that sex is one of the most beautiful, natural, wholesome things that money can buy." Steve Martin
 Twitter is my new bbm
   was a very satisfying insight into current trends. Thanks!!
  SOUTH AFRICA NEW YEARS!
 Great seeing you out last night  ....it's been way too long
 I'm at Trousdale (9229 West Sunset Blvd., West Hollywood, Los Angeles) w/ 4 others. 
 I'm at Las Palmas (Las palmas, Los Angeles). 
 I'm at Luxe Hotel Sunset Blvd. (11461 Sunset Blvd., at Church, Los Angeles). 
 I'm at Don Day Korean Restaurant (300 S Hobart Avenue, W 3rd Street and S. Hobart Blvd, Los Angeles). 
 Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg Donates $100 Million To Fix Newark New Jersey Public Schools 
 I'm at Café Metropol (923 E 3rd St, Los Angeles). 
 I'm at LA Sports Club Beverly Hills (9601 Wilshire Blvd., Camden, Beverly Hills). 
 I'm at LA Sports Club Beverly Hills (9601 Wilshire Blvd., Camden, Beverly Hills). 
 Paja party. 
 I'm at V-MODA Fortress (2260 sunset plaza dr, Los Angeles). 
 Wow food and vodka never tasted sooo good :))
 I'm at Congregation Beth Israel (8056 Beverly Blvd, creshent heights, Los Angeles).
 Can't wait to cleanse his soul from the sins of last year. Have an easy fast to my fellow tribesman!
 Angelyne sighting  
 RT  EVERYBODY! Hatin makes u unattractive! Its makes u ashy+your breath stink!! SPREAD LOVE! The UNIVERSAL language! Positivit ...
  darn, wish you two were coming to S. Africa 
 I'm at LA Sports Club Beverly Hills (9601 Wilshire Blvd., Camden, Beverly Hills). 
 US OPEN has started all you tennis fans.
 Aaaah Home sweet home ( Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) w/ 76 others) 
 Lessssss goooooo ( LIV Nightclub) 
 I'm at Bleau Bar, Fountainbleau Miami Beach (4441 Collins Ave., Miami Beach). 
 I'm at Sultan Kabob (1903 Collins Ave, Miami). 
 I'm at Mynt (1921 Collins Ave, Miami). 
 I'm at Gansevoort Hotel (2377 Collins Avenue, 23rd Street, Miami Beach). 
   :)
 Wow there are a shit load of  in Miami lol.
 I'm at Mynt (1921 Collins Ave, Miami). 
 I'm at The Wall (2201 Collins Ave., Miami Beach). 
 I'm in MIAMIBITCH. ( Fountainebleau Hotel) 
 Add This: 
 Enroute to paradise. ( John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK) ✈ w/ 34 others) 
 I'm at Surf Lodge (183 S Edgemere Street, Montauk) w/ 2 others. 
 Lobster :-) ( Navy Beach w/ 4 others) 
 
 Wow my ears are in heaven
 Chris lake live set wow ( Lily Pond) 
 I'm at GayBoobs Manor (43 Blackwatch Ct., Southampton). 
 I'm at Social Life Magazine Hamptons Estate. 
 I'm at Casa Mike (1467 Deerfield Rd, Southampton). 
 I'm at GayBoobs Manor (43 Blackwatch Ct., Southampton). 
 I'm at Rdv (125 tuchahoe lane, Southampton) w/ 13 others. 
 I'm at GayBoobs Manor (43 Blackwatch Ct., Southampton). 
 I'm at Avenue (116 10th Ave, at 17th st, New York) w/ 4 others. 
 Fukin hurricane! ( Cellar Bar at Bryant Park Hotel) 
 Hamptons or bust! 
 I'm at Provocateur (18 9th avenue, New York). 
 I just unlocked the "Crunked" badge on  
 Wow what a  selection of  single malts ( Highlands Bar w/ 3 others) 
 I'm at Grey Goose Bar US Open. 
 I'm at USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center (New York Ave, Flushing Meadows) w/ 18 others. 
 I'm at Eataly (200 5th Ave, 23rd St, New York) w/ 50 others.
 I'm at Plunge At Hotel Ganservoort (29st and park ave, btw 29st and 28st, New York) w/ 2 others. 
 I'm at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) (1 World Way, at Sepulveda Blvd, Los Angeles) w/ 35 others. 
  I def concur been there since I was 3, lol
 Super excited for my New York trip tomorrow
 I just unlocked the "Local" badge on  
  was fun no matter how boring it may look like on tv
 I'm at Le Pain Quotidien - Beverly Hills (9630 South Santa Monica Boulevard, btw Bedford & Camden, Beverly Hills). 
 Wow so many tv shows I have never heard of or watched 
 I just unlocked the "Swarm" badge on  
 Emmy virgin :-) ( 62nd Primetime Emmy Awards Red Carpet w/ 32 others) 
 I'm at Four Seasons Hotel Westlake (2 Dole Drive, at Via Rocas, Westlake Village) w/ 3 others. 
 I just unlocked the "Super User" badge on  
  where are you dj'ng now?
 RT  1 year ago today we lost a legend but NEVER forgotten RIP DJ_AM. I love you. Always thinking about you. I've leave s ...
  what did you have?
 I'm at Sports Club LA (9601 Wilshire Blvd  Gf1, at Camden Dr, Beverly Hills). 
 I'm at Luxe Hotel Sunset Blvd. (11461 Sunset Blvd., at Church, Los Angeles). 
 I just unlocked the "Explorer" badge on  
 I'm at The Dresden Room (1760 N Vermont Ave, at Melbourne Ave, Los Angeles). 
 I'm at LA Sports Club Beverly Hills (9601 Wilshire Blvd., Camden, Beverly Hills). 
 I get a smile everytime I start my car
 Werk hout ( LA Sports Club Beverly Hills) 
 Wow its crowded.... ( The Grove w/ 5 others) 
  wow that was a late reply my bad. So u da boss?
  its pretty good if you wanna hear about peoples auditions, failed relationships and therapists...lol. But solid food n menu
  yes back on twitter and off bbm. Where u at?
 I'm at Newsroom Cafe (120 N Robertson Blvd, Beverly, Los Angeles). 
 Just got my Emmy tix for sunday
 Just landed in sin city
 Booked for Hamptons labor day weekend
 Burning Man looks insane.  wow what an adventure is the WILD!
 RT  Congratulations to  on "Your Love" the  Urban single in the country!!!!
 Mammoth is rockin this weekend. All the fresh powder u can imagine and De La Soul tonight!!!
 Going to Neiman Marcus to lunch with my moms. She da best!! 
 I just booked my WMC trip in March.....gonna be rockin as always...I'm in Miami BITCH!
 I've moved to the Sports Club LA / Endeavor building 9601 Wilshire Blvd ground floor!!! Stop by and say hi on the way to the gym
 Wow I haven't been on twitter fo a while but deff does not consume as much time as FB. Feels good to be back
  Lkk
  we r ALL on our way to Mammoth right now ;+)
 RT  Text donations raise $5M for Red Cross Haiti effort 
  awesome quote!
 RT  SMS texting to Haiti has raised 5.9 MILLION Dollars so far.  Great to hear. Lets keep it going.
  why do u waste ur time w dogs? 
 At the new restaurant 930  theW
  says he's a "moodle" half man half poodle 
 RT  Cool new digital products  "Best of CES"
 Don't mean to advertise but Home loan rates have fallen again at B of A. Lock in a low rate b4 they fly away....
 markscorpio 
 "Islam4UK says it'll just change its name and keep agitating" 
 Going to Mammoth this weekend for MLK with lots of peepo. Lmk if ur ther.
 Ben Stiller is amazing at being akward.
  and I just went on an Alpaca shopping spree! Long live our friends the Alpaccas. 
  TY for ur positivity.
 Won 1st place in the poker tournament :) 
 Love playing poker tournaments.  
 the new City Center is really nice. Highly suggest checking it out.... 
 Heard Usher perfom live last night at Haze the new Aria.  
 Ahhhhh Vegas so many memories here and sooo many more to make 
 Going to Durrrty Vegas for the weekend $ 
 is missing Los Cabos way too much right about now
