  oy
  NDH has better pizza.
 RT  Q: What does a cannibal do at a wedding?
 Double Rainbow Guy for President: 15 Internet Celebs Who Should Run for Office  ( stuff)
 :-) Another happy client... they make my job SO fun!! 
  that would make a killer wedding photo... Where ever it is...
 (check out the new welcome page... it's the default landing page for non-fans) 
 If I did this correctly, OMG's Facebook Page just got a little fancier... 
  Happy Birthday! (Facebook told me)
  truth.
  ORD is a mess today. Lots of flooding from last night's storms.
 No kidding RT  Earlier storms have disrupted flights at O'Hare today...
 I have no words... The news coming out of Norway is horrific.
  ORD is flooded...
 ORD, you are being rude today.
 My cousin and I went kayaking this morning and half way through our trip we ran into this. 
  what's going on over on Williams Street by The Cove? Lots of lights and sirens...
  ...I really need to go out on a date of my own...
  anyway you could find out her twitter handle w/o giving up yours? I think viewing this date from both sides would rock.
 RT  Small dog diapers are more expensive than large, x-large, and x-small dog diapers. WHAT IS WRONG WITH THE WORLD TODAY?!?!??
  Ha! I know... I totally planned it that way too.  ;-)
  in those photos taken by me at OMG Photography! ( <--See what I did there?!)
  I leave for Alaska on Tuesday...
  maybe Sunday or something?
  no... we didn't wake up until late and then we had to meet my parents at ND. I think it would have been too hot anyway.
  ... I didn't say I hated it...
  not sure why... but that's how it went down in my mind.
  I imagined you speaking that last tweet & u were barefoot & wearing overalls & u said it "Mike Hoffman called dem da Dus' Bol Yers"
  Wow. You don't mess around.
 So... has anyone noticed how hot it is outside?  Cause it is... in case you didn't know.  Definitely shorts and t-shirt weather.
 Just went on a campus tour with my 14yo cousin.  The video they show before the tour got me all choked up. ND is the GREATEST school around.
 RT  If  you know someone without access to air-conditioning, who may be at risk from the excessive heat, please check o ...
 Waited 2.25 hours in 98 degrees (in the shade) to ride Millennium Force with my cuz. 4 people in front of us passed out due 2 heat. 
  where in CA will you be? I've got a wedding in Malibu next month. Maybe we could meet up!
  nooooooooo
 I love when  calls me.
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "Portraits" 
  wow!! Good luck! You'll do great out there!! When are you going to be out there?
 Wilson is ONE YEAR OLD!  Check out this little cutie's photos from the past year! 
  where are you moving to?
 Also with this (now peeling) sunburn I feel like Neve Campbell in The Craft before Satan cleared up her little skin problem..,
 I'm one giant histamine reaction this morning.
  ditto
 feeling overwhelmingly 'meh' tonight. :-/
 I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "Portraits" 
 Kiddos, babies, and puppies, oh my!! 
 RT  Anyone else try hard to love Adobe Bridge but keep ending up disappointed, feeling lonely, and eating large amounts of ...
 Had a shoot this AM with 4 kids ages 2-11 and a little puppy... I'm tired. :-)
  RT  That awkward moment when it's revealed who REALLY started the 'planking' trend... 
 RT  How did Spock get the last ticket to the Harry Potter movie and I didn't?! He's worse than Snape. Snape had a soul.
 and I could QUIT ANYTIME I WANTED TO. I SWEAR!
 But just to clarify, I multitask.  I edit while  or  plays in the background
 Crap.   just notified me that it's been on for 3 hours and asked if I needed a break... maybe I have a problem?
 Seeing Harry Potter tonight! I guess I'm going as some kind of Weasley (red hair). I'm most likely Ron, but it's all kind of ambiguous
  aww! Thanks!  It was a blast... I LOVE it up there!
  Okay, thought I'd offer.  Also, you have nice manners.
  lol and for that I will give you brownies... seriously... i made some... want any?
 This is my version of making you watch my vacation slides... but these are good photos... I promise.  XPose... 
  I guess you could say it's kinda like a chemical peel...
  It really is... Why didn't I plan this better?!
  "I swear!!"
 It's going to be harder to lie to my derm tomorrow about the frequency that I use SPF when I walk in with this Pink-Panther colored sunburn
 Holy Mother Sunburn.
    my current status looks a lot like yours...  
  you guys have a dog??
 I'm at that point where I still have things to do, but I sat down and don't see any way that I'm going to get up...
  have fun!
  where you going?
  seconded
 Friendships may come and go, but Cambodian Thai lasts forever... no, seriously... one serving is enough for, like, five people.
 Oh rly?  
 American past-time.  
 RT  Apple store artist raided by Secret Service 
 Even a monkey can do it... 
  they are pretty cute...
  yep. I leave in a little less than 3 weeks.
 So this is the location of my next wedding:  No big deal...
  this one's for you: 
  oh gosh, me too!
  I was looking at those too!
  fabric wall cling... I'm thinking 90"x60"...big.
 Say I were to get a HUGE print... like really big... any favorites? Recommendations?  (it should be horizontal)
  oh no! What happened??
  me
  whenever I would say "Me and So&So..." my mom would stop me and ask why I was calling them "Mean So&So".
  that sounds kinda dirty.
  you know me too well...
  ummm not Menudo, but yeah... Way sneaky and way cool!
 Holy cow! I was just listening to one of my old CDs on RAND in my car and stumbled upon a hidden track! How retro is that?!
 Raccoons scare me.
  Aww... it reminded me of ET.
 In honor of our Nation's birthday, I went to see a movie about aliens.  Super 8 was a-okay in my book.
  beautifully said, Lady. 100% awesome.
  ha. no. well... maybe... no... I just finished staining trim. And, no, that's not a euphemism for anything fun.
   that would be me... and then  kinda helped get it out of the truck and into the house... kinda.
 Done.  So what's everyone doing?
  looks good! Thanks for taking it!!!
 thinkin'
 I have "Ooh Child" stuck in my head... and I'm not complaining.
 My house has the perfect view of the Cove's fireworks. :-)
 I don't want to do anything I should be doing today.  Although I am pretty excited to go to Mr.  birthday party.
 Happy Birthday, 
 Night y'all.
  nevermind. I get what you're saying. I don't know how to do that.
  you should only be seeing people you follow... Right??
  you can unfollow them.
  do you use lists?
 "Remember, win or lose you've got a trophy at home that reads 'Participant.'"
 Had a wonderful morning with birthday boy,  Dance parties, monkeys jumping on beds, Nemo, Dragons, & coloring on walls!
 I feel like I'm at the Emmy's. Midway through reading a book to  he got up and turned on the music. 
  yep! Think of what you'll draw!
 "I ride bicycle" 
  no... But I let him do it. You'll have to do it too when you visit!
  masterpiece. Note: this is only allowed at Kaity's house!  
  yeah he kept trying to use it as a phone too.
  masterpiece. Note: this is only allowed at Kaity's house!
  is confused by a second gen iPod. He keeps trying to swipe the screen.
 Wow!  Way to go  crew! The new site is beautiful!  Love it. Nice job!! 
 I don't know how I've gone this long without watching an episode, but I'm completely hooked on 30 Rock.   
 RT   expands microloans for U.S. small businesses, calls on Americans to invest in one another | 
  Hey! While you're in town we should grab a drink or something!
  went on it... Overall rating: meh... Pretty views but not thrilling
 Why did someone have to think up this ride?  
  we really did. We've already been in Millenium once and we're in line to be in the front seat for our 2nd time!
 Is at America's Roller coast with her Dad today!!  
 RT  The 20 colleges making the best use of social media .   
  cool!! Thanks!!
 I've never eaten a Big Mac or a Whopper. However I have eaten EasyMac and Whoppers.
 Last night I dreamt I found a whole closet full of old Easter candy... What does this mean??
 Picture of the Day: Potawatomi Culture Camp: Human Knot 
 Alright. I'll admit it. Her Google Chrome commercial made me fall in love with her.  I officially love 
  she is a nasty lady.
 Thanks for your input everyone... I was just curious.
 FAIL!!! RT  Pizza Hut. RT  Bruno's, Rocco's, or Barnaby's? (your preference)
 Bruno's, Rocco's, or Barnaby's? (your preference)
 I really am a huge spaz.
 Sammy was such a cute puppy.  
 Target just has so much awesomeness.  
 Sam likes drinking from the hose.  
 Taking Sam for a walk!  Such a nice day!!
  Sam could use some lessons in fetch.  He'll go get the ball and then sit down and chew it... not really a fun game for me.
  me too. They're the best.
 Fireworks or firearms? ( 
  for a second I thought  had stolen your phone.
  it's ok. A groomsman at the wedding I worked this am was dating a 19 yo. I would guess he was 27.
 RT  I found out that Cute Romanian Kid at work is, in fact, a kid. He's celebrating his 19th birthday this week.  ...
 Happy 28th Anniversary to my parents! I know the past 24 years have been the best so thanks for sticking out those first 4 without me!
  dang! Twitter App fail.  I didn't even notice!!
 Anyone looking for a wedding photographer?! Way to go NY!
 RT  Ha! RT  cue awkward stares between straight New York couples who are "waiting to marry until their gay frie ...
 RT  Dumbledore can now marry in New York. As can Harry & Ron. Oh come on, as if you didn't suspect.
 RT  Gay marriage is legal in NY!!
  you said you like my hair and I said thank you... ?
 RT  "In a universe so vast, in an existence so short, the greatest act of hatred is to deny someone else the right not to be ...
 Why thank you, Dude.
 RT  our actual conversation: 
 Wanting something sweet and then remembering you still have a chocolate chip cookie in your purse from lunch is the best ever.
  great minds! Ha!
 How to be an awesome dancer: Step 1: Give thumbs up Step 2: ? 
 RT  THANKS FOR THE RUN, DEAN WOO!  GODSPEED AT CRS!  
 Listening to 'Eve of Destruction'... A fave... I'm a hippy.
 Titus and his favorite book. 
 Dear  your 30 min time limit on wifi blows. Love, Kaity
 The way too cute Tori and Titus are also on the blog!! Check them out!! :-) 
 The lovely Morgan is on the blog!! :-) 
  that's a family trait. :-)
 Right after a storm blew through my gramma's town. 
 My new cousin, Victoria, and her cool big brother, Titus! 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Portraits" 
 Sneak Peek at Morgan's lovely senior photo session!  
 My new cousin!! Welcome to the Fam, Tori!! :-)  
  Good luck! :-)
 Spent all morning snappin' senior pics of my second cousin... she's adorable... and 6'1"... you all thought I was tall at 5'11"! :-)
    lol... I'm in Michigan until Friday.  Guess we're out of luck this year. :-/
  haha! I don't know what you are referring to... ;-)
    YES! I will send you cookies.  I need more people to think I'm their favorite at something. :-)
  that hurts, Ian.  Way down deep.  That hurts.
 Totally taught my grandma that you're supposed to add "in bed" at the end of a fortune cookie fortune. Good times.
  Tell  that I still better be his favorite babysitter... and that I am gonna take him on a date soon.
  enjoy!
 Why do restaurants inexplicably have one too many or two too few creamers to make a perfect pyramid?
 RT  The only time I'll actively work out is when I'm threatened with the possibility of spending money on new clothes.  ...
  these days 16 year olds don't look like 16 year olds.  But yes, it's very creepy-gross-icky
  I blocked him
  thank god you were online at the same time.
  hahaha... I was thinking the same thing!
  are you laughing? Cause I'm dying over here. HAHAHAHA
  yeah. i think it did.
 Yo!  are you still in South Bend??  Help us keep the tradition!! 2009:   2010: 
 Is the Weinermobile still in town? I just drove around for 20 minutes trying to find it.  If you know where it is... PLEASE LET ME KNOW!
     I'm in.  Where is it? I'll grab my camera! I need a jumper!!
  Yep. They rock.
 I love Apple though... they are replacing the screen for FREE. So awesome.
  lol... it was in a protective case.
  I never go to the mall either... figures.
 Of course the second I get home from the mall I drop my phone and shatter the screen.  UGH.
 Hanson? Kenny G? Rebecca Black?  What's not to love?  Katy Perry - Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)  via 
 RT  Oh thank God! The Supreme court sided with poor  against 1.5 women who had been discriminated against.  ...
 When I wake up, people take up mostly all of my time.
  I am always taken aback (and so grateful) when a client takes the time to give such thoughtful feedback!
 And yes, I know I used the word "incredibly" twice there... but seriously... my clients rock.
 Wow. I love my clients.  They write such incredibly thoughtful and incredibly nice reviews. :-) 
   made me laugh... in a non-sarcastic way too!
  good one.
  wth?!  I need to see this kid.  And quick.  He's growing up too fast!!
 I have a sick love for Canadian TV.
 Bonnie and Brian's wedding is on the blog! :-) 
  what a lovely Father's Day memory! :-)
  I think you're in the right profession then! :-)
 Just saw a sign that said Jesus is the password to a better life... It didn't give a username though.
  it's not like you find out your body fat comp after flying there.
  yeah... There is... I forgot about that. But stop calling it BMI. It's annoying.
  BWI!! And you'd still have to rent a car.
  ...if you flew onto BWI.
  you'd have to rent a car and drive 45 min to DC.
  and Reagan National is your best bet.
  BWI... Not BMI.
  46OAK that is the zip code for Jerk, USA.
  ok, I've mentioned Redamak's and Oink's... Where do you THINK I am? Context clues, Oak. Context clues.
  jerk.
  it's across the street from Oink's. Next to Marylin's Cafe. Jeeze... All ya had to do was ask!
  go here with   
  and now we're at Oink's for ice cream! Yumm!!!
 Honorable mentions go out to   and all the other dads I follow. Happy Father's Day to you too!
 On my way to Redamak's with the best dad around, Dr. Fuja (PhD not MD - but still impressive). Happy Father's Day, Dad!! :-)
 Midnight is Paris (movie + real life) is incredible.  Definitely recommend (both).
 Dude. My apartment is starting to look AWESOME.  You all will be jealous.
 OH: "last time I went to Subway I got my sandwich on the flat bread... It's been the biggest change in my life lately."
 When I have an urge to spend money I don't have I make a payment on my credit card. 
 I'm not sure which is more annoying: misspelled words or mislabeled photos
 wait... are they talking about ping-pong?
 Rory McIlroy is pretty rad.
  for you: 
 RT  "It's what is on the inside that matters' is something only an ugly person would feel the need to say.
 I appreciate having a washer and dryer, but I really dislike the mine.  The dang dryer hose keeps falling off midcycle. (
  was it good? I've heard disappointing reviews.
   it's starting to look like a girl lives upstairs at the Carriage House!
  no. that's not what i meant.
   I hate you both.
 Congratulations, Bonnie, Brian, and Ava! :-) 
 Congratulations, Bonnie and Brian! What a good lookin' married couple! :-)
  did he become a teenager since I last saw him? He looks older!!
 RT  Toddlers & Tiaras is a prequel to 16 And Pregnant.
  lol yeah, one of the girls I second shoot with from time to time signs and it's awesome to sign across the church!
 FYI: knowing Sign Language as a wedding photographer is incredibly useful... especially when shooting with another photog that also signs.
 Really wanting to find someone I can practice my ASL with... getting a little (a lot) rusty at it.
 All I want to eat right now is a basket of Red Lobster's cheddar biscuits.
  that's cause they are.
 Sammy camouflage.  
 I prefer LipSmackers to lipstick. Currently rocking Mango.
 Just got a text from my dad telling me I should have turned off the power -- I eventually did. Thanks for looking out for me, Dad.
 while attempting to change outlets (which I DO know how to do) I mildly shocked my thumb  several times... now it's feeling all energized.
  no buttons?  Where are you?  The 1990s?
 leftover Chinese food. Yum.
 I've become addicted to Firefly.  Yes. I know this cements my nerd status.
 RT  RT for a good cause. Each Retweet sends 50¢ to help kids in foster care. 
 BBC's Sherlock = AWESOMESAUCE
 RT  Nudie maternity photos are to photography what Comic Sans is to typefaces 
  it was delicious!
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Portraits" 
    I should add that I NEVER DID THAT... but other girls did.
    this is true.
 She likes cats. She will be single forever.   via 
  I like that the student grocery store is a candy store.
 They even have shortcake drive thru!!  
 Shortcakes on the Blacktop  Saint James!  
 Can't sleep & have a sudden urge to watch Hotel Rwanda but don't want to be depressed for the next 2 hours either. 
  when I first saw that pic I thought you were holding a Sierra Nevada juice box...
 RT  You have to admit, this is kinda funny (and totally true) -  ...
  is that really an either/or question?
 Had a dream last night where I was a really mean, terrible person and I still feel guilty about the things I did in the dream.
 RT  14 South Bend shootings in just over five weeks... it's not even summer yet!
 Whoever tweets for SBPD is kinda funny. RT  Playing with guns and drinking "moonshine" never ends well... ://fb.me/J6wW9gVJ
 "And, while Cinderella and her prince did live happily ever after, the point, gentlemen, is that they lived." - Ever After
 I went to high school with some classy folks.
 The fave quote of a girl wearing a bikini and jewelry in her FB profile pic: "A woman can be over-dressed, never over-elegant." Coco Chanel
 OMG Photography is on WeddingWire.com!  Check it out! :-) 
  Right?! They won't even talk to me now. I mean... they didn't really talk to me before but they REALLY aren't talking to me now.
  Why YES it's a coolant pump... but I am QUITE happy to see you as well. :-)
 At this point I'd even settle for "hey, did you get your oil changed? Lookin good!"
 For how much money I spent on my car today I really want someone to come up to me and say something like "Dude, nice coolant pump"
 Interesting... Grand Rapids reacts to being called a dying city and SB might follow suit.  Thoughts?  
 RT  Confession: I had a mini on the spot fantasy about the new tenant in 3b. Then realized I used to babysit him in coll ...
 Watching "Dr. Horrible's Sing Along Blog" ... love it.
 I believe i will be living on ramen and spaghettios for the next couple months... Luckily I'm somewhat ok with this.
 Dunk tank:  
  Sammy gives Harold a nonchalant head nod.
 Sammy pic of the day:  
 In other news... I am VERY excited to hear that The Perks of Being a Wallflower is being made into a movie.  Great book.
 I have an idea for a photo. It involves    and the L in Chicago.
  your parents... I mean they DO feed you and change your diaper.
  :-) I'm SO glad you had fun!! I missed ya though!  We'll just have to schedule some playdates. I'll have my peeps talk to yours...
 I wanna know how  first day of daycare was!!
 RT  Jackson just told me he wants pajama jeans.  I told him it's too early for him to give up on life.
  that is hilarious.
 Happy Birthday, 
  Gosh darn it, she really does.
  I've heard that's a good one...
 Sarah Palin gives me a headache... 
 RT  this is one of my all-time favorite tumblr-ers: 
 Photogs:  There are so many photography associations... PPA, WPPI, Modern Photographer, AGWPJA, WPJA, etc... which do you belong to, if any?
 Being a single chick I spend FAR too much time on wedding sites. Being a person in the wedding biz I spend just enough time on wedding sites
 Just visited my dad at his office and he bought me an ice cream cone. I swear I really am 24 years old.
   Sleeping Bear Dunes is awesome. Anywhere up in the Leelanau Peninsula is beautiful.
 Photoshop rap. Awesome. 
  You did the Second City intensive, right?!  My friend and I are thinking of doing it in December!  Thoughts??
   yeah... I saw DoMe first... Thought it was a bit... Umm...uncouth.
 Super mello dinner at Fid's.
 Way cool,   RT  
  thank goodness! my legs look like I have chicken pox (I don't Btw)
   and then 2 years ago! 
 (that last tweet should have tagged  and 
 It's June which means The Wienermobile will be in town soon... who will be in the pic this year?!   
 I posted 12 photos on Facebook in the album "Portraits" 
 Barbie and Ken got nothin' on Jillian and Donnie...  Check out this way-too-cute couple on the blog! 
  I think these should be made for your birthday. --> 
  thanks for reminding me!
 Is it just me or is Season 3 of True Blood a lot - um - gorier than previous seasons?
 RT  OMG! One reason not to have kilts at your wedding!  Thanks  for sharing!
 Know any online daters?  Send them here: 
  oh yeah... and congrats!
  Dude! You were in PG County?!  I grew up there! In Bowie, MD to be specific!
 To all the Single Ladies and Gents! 
 <-- dork
 Things aren't always  and 
 I'm trying my hardest NOT to listen to the major fight going on outside my house, but it's REALLY hard not to eavesdrop.
 Help me out... what were some mistakes you made when you were first starting your business?
 I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "Portraits" 
  right back at ya!
 Season 3 of True Blood, I own you.
 Another krc. Photography wedding is on the blog!  Congrats, Brian and Jessica! 
 My cousin (and God-Daughter's) First Communion! :-) 
 I live close to the Near Northeast Neighborhood... aka Not all the Close to the Northeast Neighborhood Neighborhood.
 Did I mention it was supposed to be an outdoor ceremony?
 Helping shoot a wedding amidst a tornado warning... And one was just spotted. Awesome.
 Really?! Julianne Hough is 2 years younger than me!? I don't know why this upsets me so much... But it does.
 My sleeping patterns are officially messed up.
  I was in Baltimore/DC/Bowie last week for about 3 days. Lots of fun packed into a short amount of time. Have fun!
  and they are/were fairly cheap too!
  there are some awesome cafés and such in the alley behind the ND building off of Trafalgar's Square.
  JEALOUS!!
  *hand raised*
 OMG. This is just so funny and so disturbing all at the same time.  via 
  Sammy ate a pair of Coach shoes... that was a "OH HELL NO".
 NON-PRO-PHOTOGRAPHERS: Would any of you be interested in a mini- photo-workshop?  Learn how to make the most of... 
  good one
 I admit it... I have a problem.  
 We should have known the Rapture wouldn't occur until AFTER Oprah's final episode. Even God wants to know who her last guest will be.
 While in Baltimore I decapitated Frederick Douglas. With my own bare hands.  
  I hate you for that.
  dude. I hear ya.
 SO AWESOME! John Lithgow Gives Newt Gingrich's Press Release the Dramatic Reading It Deserves(via  
    beautifully stated.
 RT     I think I'll be fine during the raptors. My door has a knob, not a handle. They can't open that.
  I'll see him on Sunday and I'll see my aunt and uncle's dogs in about 30 minutes. Sam's like my kid... I miss him when I'm gone!
 I miss Sammy. Haven't seen him in over a week now! :-(
 Mom and I are belting out Cher songs in the car on the way to MI. 
   very good point sir.
  I thought were off of twitter til Monday.  God doesn't like liars. 
  I could figure it out.
 Hey,  i want to fly United LAX-Shanghai 
 RT  If you RSVP'd for any Facebook events be courteous and change them to maybe. 
 Where I'm going today: Baltimore > Cleveland > Chicago > South Bend > Grand Blanc, MI... all on about 4 hours of sleep. This will be fun.
 The Budweiser Clydesdales get a police escort to the Orioles game... Nice.
  Breezewood is also known as "the exit that makes the other exits jealous".
  NoVA, DC, and Bmore
  well it reminds ME of driving from MD to MI when I was little. It's just a funny place 'The City of Motels'.
 10th time Katy Perry's California Girls has played on this trip. Listening to the radio blows... Wishing I had iPod hook up in this car.
  duh
  you are quite welcome.
  yep. Still classy.
 Breezewood!!
  just do better next time.
  at first I thought that was going to be a James and the Giant Peach reference... But it wasn't... Oh well
  it's also up to the student to take advantage of the career center... A lot don't.
  Woo!!! Your last day! Congrats babe! On to better things!
  try offering 800 photos for an album...
  I'll mainly be in NoVA, DC, and Bmore... Quick trip!
 I've been home for just under 12 hours... Now I leave for VA, DC, and MD!
 I've been sneezing like it's my job.  It's not though... my job I mean.
  Not so...  It's the most efficient way to do it!
  what about the 'clean up as you go' rule?
 OH: guy: fancy segregated trash. Girl: it's called recycling.
 Just listened to a flight attendant have a 20 min convo with a passenger about how her sweetgum tree doesn't drop it's balls. True story.
  congratulations!!
 My uncle is driving us by his old work place. The old Enron building sure looks nice this time of year...
 RT  You're still klose to my heart! Empathizing for Klose's klose call in the last game... I like my puns like I like my f ...
  that would be fun! :-)
  wow we really did all leave you, didn't we? Well... At least you still have  Oh yeah... And 
    my flight ended up being about 1.5 hours late yesterday. :-/  Good luck with yours!
   FYI:  RT  Welp, there goes my waistline. RT  you can order white castle online now.
  there's no such thing as comic sans in a good way
 More concerning than the weather is this dude with a hockey mask sitting behind me. How'd he get that machete through security? 
 This is what I get for traveling on Friday the 13th.
  the weather south of here is killing me. Gonna be at least 2 hours late getting into Houston.
 RT  With a little help from his tweeps, man tracks down computer and identifies the guy caught on web cam  ...
 Sitting on the plane. On the ground. In Chicago. Damn you, Weather. Damn you.
  uugggghh I hear ya sister
  no, Sammy's a Labradoodle, I believe that is a Lakeland Terrier.
 OH: I used to be Microsoft certified... *silence*
 Aaaaaaaand I'm sitting next to a 6 year old. Awesome.
  thanks! Will do!!
  bus to O'Hare then plane to Anchorage then Car to Seward. :-)
  I'm at  waiting for the bus... On my way to Alaska! (excited but still tired) (oh and hi, btw)
 So tired.
 I will be seeing this. 
 The Pixar Story = Awesomesauce
  yep
 Also, found out today that the brides from my first two weddings of the year are now pregnant! The OMG family is growing quickly! :-)
 One more portrait session to edit then I can actually pack for Alaska.  That's right... I leave in 8 hours and I'm still not packed.
 RT  Dear Wedding Guests everywhere. Please leave your "big cameras" at home. We got this. No really. It's cool.  ...
  oy
  NDH has better pizza.
 RT  Q: What does a cannibal do at a wedding?
 Double Rainbow Guy for President: 15 Internet Celebs Who Should Run for Office  ( stuff)
 :-) Another happy client... they make my job SO fun!! 
  that would make a killer wedding photo... Where ever it is...
 (check out the new welcome page... it's the default landing page for non-fans) 
 If I did this correctly, OMG's Facebook Page just got a little fancier... 
  Happy Birthday! (Facebook told me)
 Aaaaaaaand I'm sitting next to a 6 year old. Awesome.
  thanks! Will do!!
  bus to O'Hare then plane to Anchorage then Car to Seward. :-)
  I'm at  waiting for the bus... On my way to Alaska! (excited but still tired) (oh and hi, btw)
 So tired.
 I will be seeing this. 
 The Pixar Story = Awesomesauce
  yep
 Also, found out today that the brides from my first two weddings of the year are now pregnant! The OMG family is growing quickly! :-)
 One more portrait session to edit then I can actually pack for Alaska.  That's right... I leave in 8 hours and I'm still not packed.
 RT  Dear Wedding Guests everywhere. Please leave your "big cameras" at home. We got this. No really. It's cool.  ...
  oy
  NDH has better pizza.
 RT  Q: What does a cannibal do at a wedding?
 Double Rainbow Guy for President: 15 Internet Celebs Who Should Run for Office  ( stuff)
 :-) Another happy client... they make my job SO fun!! 
  that would make a killer wedding photo... Where ever it is...
 (check out the new welcome page... it's the default landing page for non-fans) 
 If I did this correctly, OMG's Facebook Page just got a little fancier... 
  Happy Birthday! (Facebook told me)
