 I am watching True Blood   
 I unlocked the Me and the Devil sticker on  
  I will be there at 5 with  and  will u still be around?
 Waiting for LIME  to take the stage. Hanging out with Carlos Oliva  
 Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
 Take control of your destiny. Believe in yourself. Ignore those who try to discourage you. Avoid negative people, places, things & habits
 Download all of the FREE MIXES you want...I have over 100 hours of Downloads. 
 My dog "Cookie" going for a ride.... 
  Good to see you on Twitter brother.... Have a super weekend!!
  it's a sad day but when you lead your life hooked on drugs the outcome isn't always pleasant. She had so much talent...
 “ Breaking: Singer Amy Winehouse found dead in her London home. 
 You know you are getting old when you pull a muscle brushing your teeth....ouch...
 Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
 Dear Lord, please give me the strength to not slap an idiot today......Amen.
 Join me on Google+ (Google Plus)  Let me know if you need an invite 
 You Rock! RT   is mixing LIVE NOW, from  on  Join me in the ODU Hot Tub!  
 July 2011 Summer MegaMix - DJ Angel Rodriguez  Download your free copy at  Please RT
  is almost ready to release La Salsa Mas Larga del Mundo and be listed in the Guinness Book of Records. Details coming soon.
           
 RT  Hey    & were talking about you!! Xo!
 RT   Thanks so much for the follow! Congratulations on all your success and many more to come! All my best, ...
 RT             ...
 Lets make history. RT  Faith moves the highest Mountains! God Bless the people who help (cont) 
           
 Follow Friday         
  enjoy the concert.... She puts on a great show.....
 There are two theories to arguing with women. Neither one works.
 Happiness is the best revenge because nothing drives people more crazy then seeing someone living the good life.
 Do something right, Nobody remembers. Do something wrong, Nobody forgets. 
 Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference....
 This is the first post that I linked my Facebook Fan page to my Twitter Account.... Here we go....
 Recipe For Drama: 1 Cup Of Gossip, 1/4 Tablespoon of Rumors and a Dash Of Jealousy.
 Motocross rider falls 35 feet, finishes race 
 If your presence can't add value to my life, then your absence will make no difference!
 People say you don't know what you've got 'til its gone. Truth is, you knew what you had, you just thought you'd never lose it.
 You gain courage, strength and confidence by every experience in which you actually Stop and look fear in the face!
 Here is my LATEST MegaMix...Play it Loud!!   Download your free copy at  Please RT
 HAPPY 115th BIRTHDAY MIAMI: Sunday, July 24th 10am-8pm in Mary Brickell Village  Free Food and Music
 Follow me on Facebook here: 
 The video is out!! - Pitbull and Marc Anthony - Rain Over Me 
 RT   Big Ants birthday dinner and Party at Bongos Hardrock this Saturday. Dinner at 8. Party at 11. See you  ...
 HAPPY 115th BIRTHDAY MIAMI: Sunday, July 24th 10am-8pm in Mary Brickell Village www.HappyBirthdayMiami.com Free Food and Music
 RT  We're happy to contribute to this Sunday's City of Miami Birthday Celebration! Join us for complimentary tastings... h ...
 July 2011 Summer MegaMix - DJ Angel Rodriguez  Download your free copy at  Please RT
    LIVE tonight in    -Congratulations on your awards! DALE!!
 Celebrate as Miami is turning 115 Years old this Sunday w/ Mayor Tomas Regalado for a party at Mary Brickell Village 
  It was great to see you at the Colombian Festival... Keep jamming brother....
 BIG NEWS!! Congratulations brother  RT: So excited to be nominated for a 2011 VMA I can't wait until Aug 28th for the Big Day 
 I just updated my IMac to Lion... So far so good.... Looks impressive.
 Felicidades Willy... Sounds amazing. RT  My Beatles Heart EPK  via 
  come on by on Sunday in front of Blue Martinee Brickell for a huge concert with  
 Sorry i missed it guys.. I am with  tonight. RT Hey    & were talking about you!! Xo!
 RT  Original DJ's for "La Discoteca en el Aire" were Abel Aguilera, Arnold Gutierrez, Angel Rodriguez, Mickie C, Eddie Mix  ...
 July 2011 Summer MegaMix - DJ Angel Rodriguez  Download your free copy at  Please RT
 Great pic! RT  At "Cine Zarzuela" with     
 Join me on Google+ (Google Plus)  Let me know if you need an invite 
 Awesome....RT  southbeachannie: Making A Difference 
 RT  Google sounds alarm on malware problem, will alert some users that their computers may be infected -    ...
  What's happening my brother... Good to see you on Twitter.... I hope all is well.
 Just added myself to the  twitter directory under:       
 Apple To Launch Mac OS X Lion & New MacBook Air Wednesday [
  I sent you the invite....
 The Miami Dance Music Award that I was honored to receive in 2010 
 The Beach Boys and John Stamos in concert 
 At the recording studio working on my next track...... 
 KC from KC and the Sunshine Band 
  I just sent it....
 View from my hotel room in Sanibel 
 Mandarin Hotel mural in South Beach 
 Join me on Google+ (Google Plus) gplus.to/DJAngel Let me know if you need an invite 
 Cookie going for a ride.... 
 I am watching WWE Raw w/227 others   
 Join me on Google+ (Google Plus)  Let me know if you need an invite 
 Can't wait.. ROCK IT!!! RT  Don't miss the awards for  on Jul 21st. I will be performing with 
  dimelo bro... Are u going on Sunday to the Birthday Miami at Brickell Village?
  Have a great interview with my brother from another mother  on Tuesday's show.
 Happy Monday!! Have a productive week.... 
 Just left the Colombia Festival with  after an awesome performance 
 Damn i missed both of you guys... I just left the festival with my homie Tito Puente Jr. RT  Chillen with da homie 
  will you be able to make it on Sunday for Miami's Birthday with the Mayor? I will go with Hansel y Raul...
 Just got back from the Colombian Festival with  Got to meet  and  had an awesome time...
 The place was packed... Sorry i missed you bro...RT  flying back to Miami..
  It was great to meet you at the Colombian festival..... You rock!!
 Jon my circle on Google+ (Google Plus)  Let me know if you need an invite 
 Hansel y Raul  have invaded Google+  Get them in your circle.....
 Shoutout to  who is responsible for HUGE HITS from Lady Gaga, Enrique Iglesias, Pitbull and MANY MORE. Much Respect!
 Follow Friday FF         
 Jennifer Lopez, Marc Anthony Divorcing 
  I got the link....sounds awesome. Always expect the best from London Exchange....
 Thanks for the FF          
  WEEEEEPAAA !!!
  My pleasure brother..... Have a super weekend!!!
 Testing 1..2..3.. Is this thing on?
 July 2011 Summer MegaMix - DJ Angel Rodriguez  Download your free copy at  Please RT RT RT
 RT   en Barranquilla Colombia el 2 de Septiembre en  Favor de RT RT RT
  what's up guys..... Thanks for the follow. Can't wait for your new single....
 likes Yellow Submarine - Single by Willy Chirino on Ping  
 According to   Klout score is 61.  How influential are you? 
 Add Pitbull to Google + RT  I just got on the new Google+ add me! DAAALLEEEEE 
  Good job homie.....
 July 2011 Summer MegaMix - DJ Angel Rodriguez   Download your copy at  Please RT RT RT
  Thanks bro... It has some surprises at the end with my version of Blue Monday and Don't Go but all songs have been REMIXED
 Twitter's Biggest Rival Thinks Google Plus Could Become Fastest Growing Network in History by   
 BRAND NEW MIX - July 2011 Summer MegaMix - DJ Angel Rodriguez  Get your FREE copy at 
 RT  Retweet if.̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̨̨̨̨̨̨̨̨̨̨̨̨you thought your screen was cracked
  Hahaha....lol
 Watching True Blood with a glass of Red Wine   
 I unlocked the If You Love Me, Why Am I Dyin'? sticker on  
 June 2011 Summer MegaMix - DJ Angel Rodriguez 
 Rabo encendido time.... ( La Carreta) 
  Dale...make some magic.....
 Casey Anthony Better Never Run Into This Guy: Somebody's Granddaddy Is Pissed Casey Anthony Is Found Not Guilty! 
  When someone annoys you it takes 42 muscles to frown but it only takes 4 muscles to extend your arm out & smack'em in the head
 There comes a time when u have to realize that you are where you are of your own doing.don't blame others for the life U make for yourself.
 Never tell your problems to anyone...20% don't care and the other 80% are glad you have them.
 Dear Lord, please give me the strength to not slap an idiot today......Amen.
 The only people you need in your life are the ones that prove they need you in theirs.
 I just used  to discover Revolution by Angel Rodriguez Feat. Ana Cristina. 
 Thanks for the RT. I am a producer in Miami... You deserve massive respect. Great job!!  Can't wait....RT 
  Thanks for the follow.....
 Don't let anyone drag u back to where you've already been. There's a reason the past didn't last.
  it was great to meet you at Pitbull's birthday party. I work with Hansel y Raul. Wishing you lots of success...
 "Don't tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the moon" - Pitbull 
 Can't wait....RT  My new single Nayer feat.  and  produced by the best  coming soon! SO EXCITED!
  Dale....enjoy the beer and have a great time in Mexico.... Muchos saludos...
 RT  Google+ is now open to anyone with a Google account.  and sign up! 
  Feliz aniversario.....y welcome to Twitter....
  awesome quote....what's up brother..... I hope all is well.
  Dallas Concert Cut Short By a FIRE on Stage 
 I finally got a Google+ account.  AWESOME!! 
  Invites to Google + sent to BOTH emails. It may a few hours to arrive..... It is awesome....
  doing good as well. Count on us if you need anything.... Have a super weekend
  have a super weekend my Twitter protoge  You are catching on real well. When are you coming to MIA?
  what's up brother....I hope all is well.
 Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
 RT  Your vision of where you want to be is the strongest power you have.... BELIEVE in that vision+u can do ANYTHING!!
  Awesome...I cant's DM you.... Can you follow me?
  lol...In a few weeks we are having a street naming in little havana after them. Any chance on having media there for the event?
  Check now...I just sent it to your email. It may take a while to arrive. Keep me posted.....
  I did.....check your email
 I don't believe in luck. I believe in destiny and God's blessings...
 When someone annoys you it takes 42 muscles to frown but it only takes 4 muscles to extend your arm out and smack'em in the head.
 The only people you need in your life are the ones that prove they need you in theirs.
 I finally got a Google+ account.  
  Sorry I missed you in Miami.... You are awesome....
 RT  Good morning everyone!!! I switched over my twitter to  And make sure to follow  RT RT RT!!!
 Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
 You come with us...lol. RT:  Y me invitan pls ;) RT  Contact  to book HANSEL Y RAUL for your next event
  Finally....welcome to Twitter bro.... Thanks for the beer!!
  Enjoy it to the max.... Here is a video you will like  
 I finally got a Google+ account.   
 Download a FREE MAC Blu Ray player ....it looks great 
 I finally got a Google + account. Here is my profile.   
 I'm watching the last launch of Space Shuttle Atlantis, and the end of the Space Program. 
  You are right....some do deserve to get slapped...lol.
 Download all of the FREE MIXES you want...I have over 100 hours of Downloads. 
 Friend me on Facebook 
 RT  Live on  Atlantis blasts off from Kennedy Space Center. It is the final mission of America's 30-year space shuttle program.
 Never tell your problems to anyone...20% don't care and the other 80% are glad you have them.
  big fan of Cocaine Cowboys.... Awesome work...
 Whats up my brother....RT   in the mix lol
 Cant wait to hear it....RT  My new single Nayer feat.  and  produced by the best 
 Add me on SKYPE....my SKYPE ID is DJAngelMiami
 Never go to bed angry...stay awake and plot your revenge.
 Other people's opinions don't pay any of your bills.
  Great show with NBCMiami. Please let me know if you would like to feature HANSEL Y RAUL on 
 The only people you need in your life are the ones that prove they need you in theirs.
 As we grow older we don’t lose friends, we just learn who the real ones are...
 Download all of the FREE MIXES you want...I have over 100 hours of Downloads. www.DJAngelMiami.com
 RT  Behind the scenes at Pitbull’s “Rain Over Me” with Marc Anthony 
 Thanks for the RT ...RT  RT  Here is 10 hours of my latest Mixes.  
 We have a new  hit! RT  f. Marc Anthony-Rain Over Me Video (Exclusive Behind The Scenes)  
 When someone annoys you it takes 42 muscles to frown but it only takes 4 muscles to extend your arm out and smack'em in the head.
 3 powerful words... "Follow your dreams"
 Other people's opinions don't pay any of your bills.
 I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine; he gets better with age. The next day, she locked me in the cellar.
 Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.
  Thanks.... Have a super week!!!
 RT   thanks Angel! Love 2 Hansel& Raul!
 Surround yourself with the people that make tomorrow worth the wait and yesterday worth remembering...
 I don't believe in luck. I believe in destiny and God's blessings...
 Success is when your signature becomes an autograph..
  Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville at Miami Marine Stadium in 1985 youtube.com/watch?v=MUTf5q… Awesome memories...
 You can never make the same mistake twice. . because the second time you make it, its not a mistake, its a choice.
 Happy 4th if July America! Thanks to all our soldiers who have fought for our freedom!
 Bringing back my little girl from the dog Groomer. Nails done, bath, shampoo, and massage....the good life. 
 I am watching True Blood w/3793 others   
 I unlocked the Must List Level 1 sticker on  
  I see that you have been busy... Very proud of you... Keep doing your thing...
 The ORIGINATOR of the MIAMI SOUND is on Twitter...  Carlos Oliva y Los Sobrinos del Juez  
 Here is 10 hours of my latest Mixes.  Download them all at 
  thanks.....happy 4th
 Take control of your destiny. Believe in yourself. Ignore those who try to discourage you. Avoid negative people, places, things & habits
 I am watching The Hangover: Part II w/15 others   
 Florida Man Arrested After His Grandson Walks in on Him Having Sex with a Dog  
 Hialeah ends red-light camera program after 6-1 City Council vote (Warning: Cameras still active at 2 intersections) 
 City of Miami Posts Police Chief Job on Website Today (Even Though Miguel Esposito Still Has The Job)  
 Pitbull  and Marc Anthony  took the stage to perform ‘Rain Over Me’ for the first time.  Dale!!!
 RT  Coming home to NY this Friday for a live performance with Pitbull at NBC's Today Show Summer Concert Series
 RT  . and  getting pumped for  
  Can you hear me now? lol.... Looks like you have linked FB and Twitter using Hootsuite..... Awesome...
 Anyone has a Google Plus invite they can send me. 
 Congrats on hitting  on the Billboard charts to    and   You are taking over the world. YOU ARE 
 Recipe For Drama: 1 Cup Of Gossip and 1/4 Tablespoon of Rumors....
 People say you don't know what you've got 'til its gone. Truth is, you knew what you had, you just thought you'd never lose it.
 A Letter to Vincent Kennedy McMahon at     
 8 Tips to Help Create a Positive Mental Attitude 
 RT  Sometime u have to walk thru life endeavors with a blindfold and use your undying faith as your eyes. 
 Pic of me and  from EXPOSE at a benefit for Sandee from the original Expose. 
  Yup....DM are private messages.
  You only tweet something directly to someone by placing their twitter name in front such as  Hello
  Everyone saw your post. It was not directed to anyone so all of your FOLLOWERS can see it.
 If your presence cant add value to my life, then your absence will make no difference....
  Any chance on getting an invite? Thanks in advance....
 Vatican endorses iPhone prayer app 
 Pope starts tweeting on iPad. Tweet Jesus! Pope Benedict XVI has joined the masses on Twitter  Tweet Jesus!
 Awesome! RT Tune in this Friday and watch  and  make their national debut of their New Single Rain Over Me
 According to   Klout score is 64.  How influential are you? 
 Proud of Pitbull's Monster Hit  ‘Give Me Everything’ Powers to No. 1 on Billboard’s Hot 100 
 Rather than being annoyed, be amused. Instead of getting angry, become curious. In place of envy, feel admiration.
 When you're wondering how to get what you want, the answer is usually simple. Get to work.
 You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him.
 Did  just jump the shark? South  McD to sell Café con Leche! 
 "In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you." - Deepak Chopra
 Is it just me or did PITBULL  just blow the roof off  
 Ready to watch Mr. Worldwide...PITBULL do his thing live on The Voice.   
 I unlocked the The Voice Final Four sticker on  
  go to settings > general > network and disable 3G until outage is over....
  turn off the settings for 3G. It should work temporarily......
 People with AT&T issues.... Go to settings and temporarily turn off 3G. It works......
 AT&T Suffers Mass South Florida Outage.... I feel like i'm in the dark ages.  
 AT&T is down in South Florida..... My iPhone has Internet but no service WTF...
 If you have SKYPE please add me as a contact My ID is DJAngelMiami
 Pitbull is taking over your TV RT:  TONIGHT make sure you check out my performance with Ne-Yo on  
 For those who missed the end of  youtu.be/2OS9wZGb_3g The best promo in  since the "Austin 3:16" promo.  Punk is my hero..
  Delivered One Of The Best Promos I've Seen In A Long Time! The Man Spoke The Honest Truth! Kudos To You Punk!!  
 RT  'Sell' weed legally--on Facebook 
 So true....lol. RT  Some people are like clouds..... When they disappear the days are brighter... ♥♡♥♡
 I am watching WWE Raw w/230 others   
 Mr Worldwide is taking over TV RT:  One of my favorite show  !! Me &  shutting it down tomorrow night
 RT  The energy at  rehearsals went to a whole new level of wild with our guests,  and  here ...
 Cuban style spaghetti ( Rey's Pizza) 
 Pitbull  and Ne-Yo to perform on 'The Voice' on TUESDAY 
  I can't to go back in a few days to Sanibel. This is the view from my room. 
 Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
 According to   Klout score is 63.  How influential are you? 
 Doing the same things expecting different results is the definition of insanity. Hey wait a minute..did I write this yesterday on Twitter?
 Finally... TEAM FORTRESS 2 is now free to download for all players! There goes my work schedule.... 
 New "Miami 80's MegaMix" is available for download on my site at 
 To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
 Grab somebody sexy, tell 'em hey...Give me everything tonight  
  EXPOSE's music runs through my blood...and  is like my sister. Count on me for anything.
 Tell the devil I said “hey” when you get back to where you're from" - Awesome lyrics by Bruno Mars from Grenade.
 One of the best shows on TV...in my opinion.   
 I unlocked the True Blood Newbie sticker on    
 Getting some KFC before watching True Blood  ( KFC/TB) 
 Problems, weaknesses, setbacks, regrets and mistakes teach you if you're willing to learn, or they punish you if you're not.
 Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
 If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
 RT   Thank you Angel...your love and support mean the world to us...thank you! xoxox
  thank you.....have a great weekend.
  thank you Scott.... Have a great weekend...
 SHAKIRA + PITBULL + stripper pole dancing = HIT SONG - 
 "Tell the devil I said “hey” when you get back to where you're from" - One of the best lyrics ever written by Bruno Mars from Grenade.
 RT  After the  premiere this Sunday, watch Episode 2  a full week early. WATCH: 
  Do you know that you can watch Second Episode of 'True Blood' Online Immediately Following Season 4 by going to wwwHBO.com
 To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
 Do you remember the group EXPOSE from the 80's and 90's.... Follow my friend Gioia Bruno from the group 
 A man is but the product of his thoughts, what he thinks, he becomes. - Mahatma Gandhi
 Picture of my "2010 Miami Dance Music Award" for my years as a DJ in Miami. It was a HUGE HONOR for me. 
 Brand New "Miami 80's MegaMix" is available for download on my site at  Any feedback is appreciated....
 remembering  by listening to his songs.... we miss you MJ 
 Staying home tonight...feeling sick. Chicken soup, warm blanket and some good movies on TV.
  Have a great lunch at  and enjoy this great day... Muchos saludos....
 Love is like a bomb, baby, c'mon get it on
  We spoke on FB as you loved my mixes. I am the DJ from Miami. Can you follow me so we can DM?
 I completely agree. No need to fuel them with replies... RT  A person should not have to apologize every second for living life!
 The ORIGINATOR of the MIAMI SOUND is on Twitter...  Carlos Oliva y Los Sobrinos del Juez  
 Be sure to tune in TONIGHT to see PITBULL  performing live on  at 12/11c
 Picture of my "2010 Miami Dance Music Award" for my years as a DJ in Miami. It was a HUGE HONOR for me. 
 Picture with  and  from Real Housewives of Miami at event. Lovely ladies. 
  I love this pic of us at Bongo for the Thanksgiving event for Big Brother as I am a big brother. 
 A man is but the product of his thoughts, what he thinks, he becomes. - Mahatma Gandhi
 Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.
  Congratulations... Well Deserved... EXPOSE Rocks!!!
 CONGRATS!! RT:  BREAKING NEWS: We are THRILLED with the court's decision to uphold our EXPOSE trademark. 
 Here is 10 hours of my latest Mixes.  Download them all at 
 A winner makes commitment. A loser makes promises.
 Awesome picture Gioia... Thanks. RT   xx 
  How can I get my page verified?
 Do you remember the group EXPOSE from the 80's and 90's.... Follow my friend Gioia Bruno from the group 
  You let me know when and where.....
 According to   Klout score is 63.  How influential are you? 
 RT  RT  HBO Subscribers Can Watch Second Episode of 'True Blood' Online Immediately Following Season 4 ... ...
 Pitbull's  New CD and the Pitbull App out today...Dale....
 A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty.
 RT   ahhhh, sweet and appreciate it  Lol
 Going to the Cemetary to pay respect to my dad. Happy Father's Day to all. Enjoy spending QUALITY time with your family today.
  Hey...Welcome to Twitter.... How is Vegas?
 It going to be a hot week in Miami  
  my pleasure...it's a list of great ladies in Miami who have accomplished things and you lead the pack. Much respect to you
 Twitter Has Begun Rolling Out New Photo Service To Users 
 Here is the Official Girlfriend Application... 
 Life is too precious to worry about stupid things. Have fun and regret nothing...don't let people bring you down.
 As long as the world turns....what goes around will come around. Be careful what you send out....it will come back!
 If you don't get it... someone else will.
  It was great to see you at  Let me know if you want to interview Hansel y Raul
 FollowFriday  These special ladies       
  Congratulation on being inducted to the Hollywood Bowl Hall of Fame... You always make los Latinos proud.... xoxo
 Tune in TONIGHT to the TONIGHT SHOW with  PITBULL  , Ne-Yo  and Nayer  will be performing
  Can you update my stats...it has not been updated in some time.
 Just added myself to the  twitter directory under:       
  What show are you on today?
 Pan con Minuta y una sopa de pescado.... ( El floridita) 
 Only in Miami can you donate to the homeless, buy flowers,churros, bottled water and oranges without leaving your car on any traffic light.
 It is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles. Then the victory is yours. It cannot be taken from you....
 If you don't pay attention to the past, you'll never understand the future. It's all linked together.. 
 I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine..he gets better with age. The next day, she locked me in the cellar.
 Apple will shake up web work once again with iOS 5 
 RT  Absolutely!!   RT  Proud of of the Miami Heat for putting up a tough fight....
 Proud of of the Miami Heat for putting up a tough fight....
 I am thinking about NBA Finals w/1010 others   
 RT   At halftime  51  53. LeBron 11pts & 3asts, Wade 9pts, 
 What is everyone up to today? .....it's a nice day just to relax at home.
 Chicken wings and beer....  just shared via  
 To all my Boricua friends in New York... enjoy your parade today!!
 Awesome.... RT  The legendary  is about to take you on a  journey tonight 
 "Grab somebody sexy, tell em, Hey Give me Everything Tonight"    congrats on an awesome track.
  congrats on singing the national anthem tonight at the Marlins game... You rock.... Muchos saludos...
 Getting ready to party with  &  at an epic night at  with  & many surprise guests
 RT   Gracias y saludos
  Hansel y Raul will be performing at the L.A. Cubafest with Willy Chirino, Albita and Rey Ruiz 
 Felicidades....y muchos saludos. RT  Gracias a los mas de 300,000 que me siguen en twitter.  
 Having some Cuban Food..... ( La Carreta) 
  Congrats on winning brother... You deserve it and alot more... Enjoy your new career
 I just added some new FREE Mixes and lots of new content to my site... Check it out at 
  it's awesome....watching it now....great animation
 I am watching Rio w/16 others   
 I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine; he gets better with age. The next day, she locked me in the cellar.
 Never go to bed angry...stay awake and plot your revenge.
  Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville at Miami Marine Stadium in 1985  Awesome memories...
 Success is when your signature becomes an autograph..
  They are going without me....sorry I missed the trip...LA is great in July...
 If you don't pay attention to the past, you'll never understand the future. It's all linked together 
 Cafe Cubano time.... ( la giraldilla) [pic]: 
 If you don't get it... someone else will.
 If you want it to happen, you must make it happen......
 I am thinking about NBA Finals w/695 others   
 Let's get this  started!     
  Let's go Heat... We got this game....
 TONIGHT 9PM EDT..  Game 5  at   Series tied 2-2 -     
 Life's too short. Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you cant change!
 As long as the world turns....what goes around will come around. Be careful what you send out....it will come back!
  Hey Gioia ...it's been a long time. When will you be in Ft. Lauderdale?
 See  and  (Steven Bauer) "Voices From Mariel"  Cuban-American   
 JaRule  will be starting his jail sentence soon. See his side of the story!! 
 I don't believe in luck. I believe in destiny and God's blessings...
 I just added some new FREE Mixes and lots of new content to my site... Check it out at 
 Follow me on Facebook: 
 Life is too precious to worry about stupid things. Have fun and regret nothing...don't let people bring you down.
 Steve Jobs presenting to City Council plans for a new campus for Apple. A spaceship shaped building for 12,000 employees 
 Apple’s new iCloud product marries the two disparate ideas of consumer convenience and the monetization of pirated music 
 Remember..people only rain on your parade because they're jealous of your sun and tired of their shade.
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Kendall Ale House on  
 Watching the Miami Heat game at American Airlines Arena...       
 Watching the Miami Heat game at American Airlines Arena...     
  let's go heat!!!!
 American Airllines Arena has 2 doors open to collect tickets for the Heat Game and 30,000 outside waiting  
 At the Miami Heat White Hot Rally Almost game time!!    ( AmericanAirlines Arena) 
 sorry  but I agree with   ...Miami is the best city...have a great time in NY
 Here is the Official Girlfriend Application... 
 Surround yourself with the people that make tomorrow worth the wait and yesterday worth remembering...
 Sean Kingston  Walks A Week After Crash - 
 We should value our enemies because they provide us with unique opportunities to practice patience, tolerance and forbearance. ~ Dalai Lama
 New iOS 5 features compared to Android, BlackBerry, Windows Phone     
 iPhone 5 and iOS 5 release dates to coincide     
  Gilberto Santarosa/Ruben Blades live  the James L. Knight Center 
 A great day for Liga Contra el Cancer on $4.5 million in donations. Thanks to    www.ligacontraelcancer.org
  awesome....do your thing... You rock!
  let me know if you need a Guest DJ. My site is www.DJAngelMiami.com
 Go Heat!! .. I have a good feeling about tonight!    
 Getting some KFC before the Heat game ( KFC/TB) 
  I will be in Vegas.....
 I am watching Inception w/11 others   
 It is what it is.......
 I'm at The Club at The Renissance (2340 SW 32 Ave, Miami) 
 Leaving soon to go see SHANNON perform Let The Music Play, Give me Tonight and other hits from the 80's at The Club at Renaissance.
  Gracias por seguirnos.. Soy el manager de  Nos vemos pronto en 
 Check out my TwtBizCard   and share your contact information by adding  to a tweet!
  Thank you for the follow.... See you on 10-21-2011
 Thanks....you too...RT   Have an awesome weekend!
   Hell Yeah Mick.... Do it.... WWE is your home... What do you say? Will you do it?
 The nerve of some people.. You try to help them and you introduce them to some of your contacts and they stab you in the back. NEVER AGAIN
 Let's go people.RT  WhatdeydOOO!! Help me get  to  on the iTunes chart! Only 1 spot to go! 
  Thanks for the follow... Have a super weekend!!
  Have a super weekend my brother... All the best!
 Cafesito Cubano time ( Palacio De Los Jugos) [pic]: 
 Que bola acere... RT: Que vuelta
 RT   soon will keep everyone posted...
  Sending you a shoutout!!!
 RT  I want to be a legend. That's just how I roll
 RT  CHECK OUT -->>  NEW Single "WEPA" &   REMIX on sale on ITunes Music worldwide.. ...
  Let me know when I can come by...we can chat about the Super Q days. I have your jingle with Carlos Oliva .Super Q I love you
  I completely agree....
 People say you don't know what you've got 'til its gone. Truth is, you knew what you had, you just thought you'd never lose it.
 As we grow older we don’t lose friends, we just learn who the real ones are.
  Make sure you remove that app and REVOKE it on your settings. See here for details  Good luck....
  Hahaha....enjoy it brother...add lots of lemon...
 Pan con Bistec and ironbeer .... Cuban lunch ( Palacio De Los Jugos) 
 I am watching True Blood   
 I unlocked the Me and the Devil sticker on  
  I will be there at 5 with  and  will u still be around?
 Waiting for LIME  to take the stage. Hanging out with Carlos Oliva  
 Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
 Take control of your destiny. Believe in yourself. Ignore those who try to discourage you. Avoid negative people, places, things & habits
 Download all of the FREE MIXES you want...I have over 100 hours of Downloads. 
 My dog "Cookie" going for a ride.... 
  Good to see you on Twitter brother.... Have a super weekend!!
  it's a sad day but when you lead your life hooked on drugs the outcome isn't always pleasant. She had so much talent...
 Accept that what's done is done, and focus on the future. Put your energy and effort where they can make a difference, and they will.
 RT    that can make another great remix!! 
  Happy WEPA Wednesday and congrats on your new album.... Muchos saludos
 People will hate you, rate you, break you and shake you. How strong you stand is what makes you.
 Insecurity is an ugly thing. It makes you hate people that you don't even know.
 The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it.
 When the path becomes difficult, that's no reason to give up. In fact, it means you're making real progress.
 I just unlocked the Plugged In badge on Gogobot!   
 I'm at Starbucks w/  
  Sending you a shoutout!!!
 RT  I want to be a legend. That's just how I roll
 RT  CHECK OUT -->>  NEW Single "WEPA" &   REMIX on sale on ITunes Music worldwide.. ...
  Let me know when I can come by...we can chat about the Super Q days. I have your jingle with Carlos Oliva .Super Q I love you
  I completely agree....
 People say you don't know what you've got 'til its gone. Truth is, you knew what you had, you just thought you'd never lose it.
 As we grow older we don’t lose friends, we just learn who the real ones are.
  Make sure you remove that app and REVOKE it on your settings. See here for details  Good luck....
  Hahaha....enjoy it brother...add lots of lemon...
 Pan con Bistec and ironbeer .... Cuban lunch ( Palacio De Los Jugos) 
 I am watching True Blood   
