 Wwwwwwwwwoooooowwwww I haven't been on twitter in a loonngg asss tiimmmeeee
 Good morning twitter
 On the bus
 Tryna download music on otha sites since limewire wanna shut the fuck down
 RT  When u stand 4 what is right, people will respect u as a person of excellence, even if their words & actions dont rev ...
  bitch I don't lik u eitha .....I'm not enjoyin dis ride eitha hoe
 RT   i found out u don't like Drake.
 NP- I whip my hair (remix)- nicki minaj and willow smith
 RT     TWISTA. Nigga you tlk to fast!
 RT   lil romeo
 RT   Mike Jones
 RT   OJ the Juiceman
 Madd issues
 RT  I text you to come out before I even get there and you still come out late. 
 .WAVE GANG.
 Madd boredd downloading songs to my phone
 NP with you- lil wayne and drake
 This the last time leaving school for no bitch...ever
 Omggg I been here for madd long..gettin me tighhttt
 RT   for letting me see another day :)
 RT  She rides horses  because I'm a muhfuckin winner giddyup
 RT  Are these niggas prancing through the grass holdin hands 
 RT   ILL BET YOU $1 YOULL READ THIS SIGN :)
 RT   "just get 18 dollars of gas instead of 20 & give me the other 2 bucks, u still gonna make i ...
 RT   "Spent all my money helping the homeless"
 Omw home...so madd
 RT   jerk chicken, red stripe beer and a spliff  
  tanks, guns, map to carmen's house cause that bitch stole my man
 "   a condom, whip cream and a map to diego's house"////i always knew it
 Omg these   is jokesss
 RT   ricky martins first cd , some ricotta cheese , doritos, guava juice, an a billboard size brush fo  ...
 RT   Nude pic of Anotnio Banderas & some marijuana.
 "   Glow in the dark glitter DILDO!!!! Lmaoo"///omgg I'm dead..lmfaooo
 RT   marijuana ..
 RT   : condoms!
 RT   EY yo Gurl... We bout to get it on
 Finally omw home
 Omw to school feelin lik a lame
 Juss downloaded madd songs to my blackberry..I love music
  - 
 I hate mornings
 Damn he did her dirty
 RT  Mornin .. Thank uu Lord 4 awakenin me nn my family nn Guide my day wit safety, Amen.
 Yesterday was madd depressing..today I'm juss on my own shit and not worryin bout him and her situations
 Damn bus is too packked
 Where the fuck is keyona
 RT   Date me bitch...
 RT   just to let you know you are at the to of my "To do" list.
 RT   "Girl why u acting prepaid cant gimmie a minute"
 RT   Excuse me you gotta bandaid...I scrape mii knee fallin for you ;)
 RT  whats the difference between a pigeon and me I got a big ass dick 
 RT   for letting me see another day :)
  hurry up we havin tequila today
 Pop roseee
 Damnn anotha day at this shot ass skool...thank god I'm graduating soonn
 Here
  was her , follow meee .
 Madd fucking cold outside...ma toes is wild frozen
 RT  Today's devotional: God & family
 RT  Trusting n God & His Word will deliver u from stress & emotional attacks....
 RT   A whole bunch black people and a whole bunch of 
 RT   broke bitches & rich attitudes.
 RT    brushing ur teeth then drinking orange juice.
 RT   Barney,Mister Rogers' Neighborhood, Zoboomafoo, Wishbone, Sesame Street & The Puzzle Place were the best shows ...
 RT   I wasn't allowed to watch Ed, Edd, and Eddy because my mom said they were a bad influence.
 Np crush on you- lil kim and ceaser..or some shit lik dhat
 RT   nickelodeon and disney channel actually had cartoons
 RT   I used to sing in the fan
 RT  RT   i couldnt wait to grow up .. now id do anything to go back to being little . -_-
 RT  RT   if you had the 64 pack of Crayola Crayons, You were the shit..
 yooo this new twitter is wassup lik
 RT  if u dnt believe dat there is a God 
 Its the first of the month..dhat means I obviously have to pay my phone bill in lik 10 days...juss AWESOME!!!! >:O
 RT  Im leaving school early today , just know .
 RT  Trusting n God & His Word will deliver u from stress & emotional attacks....
 RT  Tgif
 Tight much....they basement is flooded....damn
  so true
 Good morning
 Ayeeeee..doin my french homework....I'm so good at this for beginner
  that song is poppin
 RT  GM Twam! Thank U Father 4 this day! Make the most of any unexpected opportunities that may arise 2day, imagine the Possi ...
 " - seriously speakin I rather have quys for friends than females . Less bullshit ."
 soo fuckin aggy and jackie and keyona don't care so imma go home by myself cause they aint let me sit down and they know I'm in pain
 RT  Trusting n God & His Word will deliver u from stress & emotional attacks....
 " GoodMorniinq Twitter !* •SAY IT BACK• !*"/// good morning
  right through me- nicki minaj
 HUGE SHOUTOUT TO  FOR SAYING GOOD MORNING BACCKK
 Good morning
 Watchin the magic school bus show....I LOVE THIS SHOW...
 RT   RT  I approve this message :) RT  Eminem's Freestyle Battle on 8 Mile  ...
 Hello.....cinnamon toast crunch cereal is the best cereal ever.....that is all...*drops mic and heads for the table*
 see if you can beat my 107. 
 RT   tell her the truth from the start don't start off with lies
 RT   treat her like your best friend, protect her like your child, respect her like your mother, fuck her ...
 NP talk that shit-chris brown
 NP check it out -nicki minaj and Will.I.AM...this shit sound lame but I aint changin this song till I lik it
 But anywayz TGIF ....time to roll the piffy up this week...lol..noo I'm not playing I'm getting high one way or another this weekend!!!
 Good morning...life has made me distant to this site and closer to facebook
 see if you can beat my 107. 
 see if you can beat my 107. 
 Keem is crazii for dhat...but I got my respect for him now...*i still don't lik him thoo*
 RT   ignore me!!
 RT   eat off my plate. Bitch im hungry too
 bored outta my fuckign mind like>>>dis skool is dha fuckin worse....mad people ...nobody important
 skool flow
 NP no dutty panty- vybz kartel....madd oldd..brinngin dhat shit bacc
 Annoyed with myself because of yesterday
 Fuck is up wit dis bus like
 NP give ya - drake and trey songz
 Omw home ..bout yell at some bitches on dha bus
 RT  Rise n Grind New Day New Money
 Uggh madd late
 NP love faces_trey songz
 Late for class ...don't really care I'm its french for all care...I gotta test weds. I aint missin dhat shit
 RT  I called the police on the police 
 RT  i pushed Jack & Jill down that hill 
 RT  I caught a fly and ripped his wings off and then told his ass to walk home 
 RT  I Hug My Carebear 
 "   i fist pump better than pauly d and vinny combined."/////lmfaooooo
 RT  I sent Amber Rose a hair brush 
 RT  I tweet people I'm sitting next too 
 " Love faces - Trey songz !"///// I was juss done listenin to dhat
 Took my brother to dha park...I coulda watch the news anymore...wit tears in my eyes and pain in my heart..I gotta move on sometime
 Aunt died..somewhere between yesterdaii and this morning...juss watch it on the news...everybody juss seems to be dyin nowadays
 Bored as fuck
 RT   biting the inside of my mouth
 RT   Smoking. Its just not for me. R E T W E E T if you DON'T smoke.
 RT   class today 
 RT   iPad
 Leavin class wild crazy early today....I'm too tired to be there till 2:31
 Today imma b jammin...I don't wanna hear ur unneccessary criticism
 Omw home soon
 RT   women who have no respect for themselves smh
 Omw to class...tryna have a good day today....nuttin bout to make me madd today
 I miss the days when I was loved...but those days are gone forever
 RT    Keyshia Cole -- Let It Go
 RT   Human League - Don't You Want Me Baby.
 RT   "Deuces"
 RT   there goes my baby (usher?)
 Goin to court today
 RT  Thank u God 4 waking me up 2day & 4 giving me strength 2 look past the people who will attempt to get on my nerves 2day ...
 Now I'm fuckin maddd
  oo I could care l bout how u feel bout so...imma keep it pushin bitch
  may I ask....who the fuck are you...I mean its not like I really wanna since u wanna start something
 I'm so tight...can't spend any money any more...wasted 2,380 ova the summer on sum shit I don't even remember buyin..worst realty check
 " Good look to everyone as a senior !!"----ayeee
  scratching me up- trey songz
 I'm fuckin early...tight...great way to start
 Today feelin madd boring alreadii
 Ayyee I'm omw to class....moms made me saltfish and ackee for breakfast wit eggos...her ghetto ass...I luv's dhat bitch
 Great imma b learning french soon
 Mow to skool for dis damn paper
 Omw to skool for dis damn paper
 Omw home from the parkway..aint no difference from last year..maybe its because I went wit some old ass friends nd they was on they bullshit
 On the parkway...this year is so dead....2004 was dha best one...now its juss bullshitt
  posion- bel biv devoe
 you think you can do as good as 125? give it a try!  
 Watchin titanic....idk why but shidd is interesting
 RT  RT   AWOH! [Kartel Voice]
  hurrican tu rass
 RT   ; wah gwan popcaan !
 RT   ; cock it up
 RT   u can't even have a gud fucckin day wit out being under the influence
 New shit to do...more money to make....Busy ass day today!
  those panties aren't urs??!!....I guess the maid got a little too comfortable if u know what I mean
 My twitter app is workin again...yay
 RT  HOPPED UP OUT THE BED TURN MY SWAGG ON...TAKE A LOOK IN THE MIRROR  
 Fuck this... So over it
 Fuck....bout to be bacc on dhat uber twitter shit cause dis is some online fuckery wit extra slow connection
 RT  I just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by switching to GEICO!  
 RT  I got my McDonalds coupons in the mail 
 RT  snatched the mic from  in the middle of his acceptance speech 
 My fucking twitter for blackberry app aint workin right so I gotta use dis Web bullshit--- uughhh much
 RT   Be buying a  Shirt
 RT   have a nose ring.
 RT   be 50yrs old walking around with grey* braids  (Yes I've seen sum1)
 RT   say "I'm going to get a mani/pedi"
 RT   RT   Consider himself gangsta if he sips wine... Nigga better get a 40oz in his life
  higher than a kite - nicki minaj
 Ok now I'm tight...drake and nicki minaj really is married...since when was dey fuckiin lik WTF!!!
  and I'll I will always b richer
 Fuck outa here..drake and nicki minaj aint get married...ya juss need somthin to talk about nd if they really did dhat shit woulda been old
 RT   Ill Actually Pick You Up 2day Instead Of Makin You Catch The Bus. Coverin Da License Plat ...
 RT   ~ Go out to eat and actually pay for her drink at least. Don't worry its ok, u can get some water.
 Still waitin for this bitch to leave
 Awake hungry but don't feel lik gettin up
 In trouble with the law....don't know what imma do I can't afford dis shit right now
