 RT  "I dag er vi alle norske" That's "Today, we're all Norwegian" in Norwegian. (Thks to  and others)
 Wondering if Peace College deciding to admit men forced them to remove the word "peace" from their name... 
 Of course, rain would be nice too. The Piedmont's hyper-local weather patterns haven't helped me yet. I hear it's storming next door.
 Days like today have a lot of us wondering if Carrboro is actually one degree cooler, and if so, can we come over for a while?
 Not actually satire... via  Congress Continues Debate Over Whether Or Not Nation Should Be Economically Ruined 
 RT  More analysis shows GOP-driven redistricting maps to be an attempted end run around democracy: 
  So far, so good! I'm not big on sugary sodas, but it makes seltzer just great! Will see how long a CO2 cartridge lasts...
 Birthday dinner =  Farm Dinner. Yum! ( Panzanella) 
 I got a water carbonator for my birthday from Mom &  Hurray for making my sparkling water habit more environmentally friendly!
 Much as I might be tempted to grumble about working today, it's such a beautiful morning to be outside that I'm actually really glad!
  Thanks Jamie!
 RT   great piece on  makes me even more sure of whom i'll vote for. Thanks!
 Had a great time at the  candidate coming out party. Way too many shout outs to  everyone who came, but good to see you all!
  Specifically, look at General Assembly maps from July 12th and Congressional from July 1st.
  3 links at bottom of this page:  Toward bottom of each linked page is map of each district including precincts
 So, the field is set. There will be nine people vying for four seats on the Chapel Hill Town Council this Fall.
 Today is my last meeting as chair of the Downtown Merchants of Historic Hillsborough. What a great year and group of people to work with!
 Taking my Friday afternoon nature walk / meditation a day early so I can go to the  Happy Hour tomrrow. 
 Thanks to the first 75 people to like my Facebook page! Will you? 
 Congratulations to both! RT  Police promotions announced 
 Thanks,  for the article today on my campaign () plus a mention in the VOE piece ().
 But, it's early. Hopefully we'll talk more about my long time advisory board service and environmental / economic development leadership.
   Not clear why  thought the that part-time grad student defined me more than full-time marketing professional.
  I hadn't read it before, but I'm looking through it now.
  Information technology, marketing, and cooperatives? You're using my language this morning!
 Either way, that district is a mess!
  Technically six CH precincts - Patterson is part Chapel Hill, and Weaver Dairy Satellite isn't on the map.
  Or use  link. She evidently has a faster twitter finger than I do. :)
  
 Seeing the new NCGA maps make me wish: 1) we had elected more Democrats last year and 2) I had more time to play with the data in ArcGIS!
 Welcome to the campaign trail! RT  Please support me in my campaign to continue to serve Chapel Hill as a Town Council Member.
 RT  Are you a young person? Do you know any young people? Have them submit their ideas for a Youth Food Bill of Rights. htt ...
 Good to keep in mind when we discuss local retail options. RT  Study: dense downtowns = higher tax yield 
 RT  Today is a code orange air quality day. The heat & emissions factor into this. Do your part to help, leave your car at home.
 About to give a tour to kids from FPG Elementary ( Weaver Street Market) 
 Just used the new Chapel Hill pay station meters for the first time. That was easy!
 RT  Grant opportunity, please retweet! Less than 3 weeks left for local nonprofits to apply for our Coop Community Fund. h ...
 Congrats Ron! RT  Local Radio Host Celebrates 34th Year On The Air 
 Today's local weather... overcast, breezy, 75 degrees... wait, no? Hmph. Back to the air conditioning. (Forecast says tomorrow will be 101!)
 No longer an editor, but sitting in on the OrangePolitics.org editors meeting (they're open to all)! ( Carrburritos) 
 Thanks  for the interview and photo shoot this morning. I'm looking forward to seeing it in print!
 Friday afternoon kinhin. ( Johnston Mill Nature Preserve) 
 Just watched  launch. Beautiful. Pondering why we as a nation don't spend more on research and discovery.
 Yuck! MT  Rep. Mica releases transportation bill that eliminates support for bike and pedestrian programs: 
 Hey, that's a deal! MT  55% off 2 adult general admission tickets to The ArtsCenter in Carrboro. 
   The Amtrak Piedmont & Carolinian both fly by my office in Hillsborough every day. Wish I could hop on board!
 VERY short snippet from an interview I did last night with Common Cause NC, about why I'm a Voter Owned candidate! 
  If you've already sold your soul to Google like I seemingly have, stick with Android. If not, it makes less of a difference.
 Hmm... I'd say pretty darn likely. RT  Today's Poll: How likely are you to vote in this upcoming local election?
 RT  Geek Yard Sale at CCC, July 9, Sat. 8am - 2pm  Pls RT << a ton of quality electronics!
  I think the main reason I get JĀSÖN brand shampoo is so I can tell which one is mine.
   Every time I try to work on my grad school homework someone wants to talk with me about running for town council. :)
 Voter Owned Elections information session. ( Chapel Hill Town Hall) 
 What is the federal government doing to change our land use and transportation patterns to help address the coming climate crisis? 
 Thank YOU, Sally, for your years of service, and your support of my campaign! RT  Thank you, Chapel Hill. 
 I hope not! RT  Are McMansions Coming Back in Style? 
 Thanks for all the support and kind words following my filing for Town Council today. I really appreciate it. Onward to Election Day!
 It's official! I'm on the ballot this November. ( Orange County Board of Elections) 
 Congratulations James! RT  Barrett files for Chapel Hill-Carrboro School Board 
 I'm excited about being a VOE candidate! RT  Voter-Owned Election Public Information Session July 6 
 Given the rain tonight,  cancelling the fireworks at Kenan Stadium was a much better idea than a lot of people thought!
 Some of my favorite photos from this morning's July 4th festivities in Carrboro - there were some *great* costumes! 
 Community Fourth of July Celebration! ( Weaver Street Market) 
 I am retiring  for a while. Please follow  through November 8th. Thanks!
 The flashing yellow left turn lights at Estes & MLK seems like they're really helping that intersection; certainly make it less frustrating!
  Welcome to the race! I look forward to meeting you on the campaign trail this fall.
 There's a Facebook page now, if you're interested. I just started it, and would love to have your support! 
 I'm filing today! Not for Chapel Hill Town Council, that will be Tuesday. Today, just literally getting some stacks of paper in order. :)
 Giving a store tour and talk to an Orange County 4H camp. ( Weaver Street Market) 
 I guess I knew they'd systematically screw house Dems. Now I see how. RT   Congressional - New map out: 
  Two more years! Two more years! (At least!)
 Friends, I've got good news to share: RT  Jason Baker has announced he will run for Chapel Hill Town Council.
 Great meeting with OC Agricultural Econ Dev Coordinator Noah Ranells this a.m. about bringing  certification to 
 Heavy black smoke visible just to the south of my office in Hillsborough. The news says it's a vehicle fire and I-85 is shut down.
 Joint development review of Chapel of the Cross project. ( Chapel Hill Town Hall) 
 If you're headed northbound on MLK Blvd around Estes, perhaps reconsider. Appears to be two separate accidents within a few hundred feet.
 RT  Take time and thank Gov. Perdue ( for vetoing bills taking away  dues, voter ID, and restricting ...
  How does it feel to be further along the grad school track than me now? :)
 Last Town Council meeting before the summer break. ( Chapel Hill Town Hall) 
 RT  Please RT: Help Bernie reach 50,000 followers before his speech on  at 4pm today.
 RT  Joe Herzenberg's BDay 6/25/41-10/28/07. 1st gay elected official in NC. Mentor/leader & part of what makes today possible.
 RT  NY FTW
 RT  How sprawl is like Bernie Madoff 
  It's down for a revamp. I should have it online in the next week or two.
 RT  Got a  Gotta practice  with our online game  (LINK CORRECTED)
 Just got an email that Gary Shope, OC Economic Development Director, is resigning. After being offered the position two weeks ago today...
 RT  Tue.Wed or Thur. come to Panzanella and tell your server the secret word "creamy cannoli"  &receive 5%off your chec ...
 Final Comprehensive Plan Initiating Committee Meeting. ( Chapel Hill Public Library) 
  My skill at converting from GMT is apparently less than honed.
 Happy solstice. How is it just now summer?
 RT  Ayden Court developers claim they will build R-1 single family if SUP is denied. R-1 would gives council little to no inp ...
 Watching the Chapel Hill Town Council meeting in one window; drafting a map in ArcGIS in another. It's a multitasking kind of night.
 Happy Monday. ( Hillsborough Business Center) 
 Setting up for Jazz & More Brunch with Tim Stambaugh. ( Weaver Street Market) 
 I remember the days when I didn't wake up before 11am most Fridays. Now I'm usually too tired to stay up past 11pm. 
 My ritual Friday afternoon walking meditation practice. ( Johnston Mill Nature Preserve) 
 Initiating committee list-making, downtown merchants association packet-making, general assembly map-making, then to bed for a few hours!
 The previous tweet was another NCGA rant, btw. The representative from New York was an outstanding public servant with a Weiner problem.
 Note to self: when running for office don't share risqué pictures of yourself. But (figuratively) screwing your constituents, that's a-okay.
  This general assembly is incapable of legislating. I'd lean towards vetoing damn near everything they pass if I were you.
 Board of Directors meeting tonight. 
 Dropping off a gift certificate to  for Chapel Hill employee appreciation day. 
 I just can't get over what an embarrassment the North Carolina General Assembly is to our state.
 Thanks, House Reps, for voting to screw our state. To the five Dems who voted for the override: I'm giving money to your primary opponents.
 RT  Today,Wed or Thurs tell your server the secret word of this week and receive 5%off your check(excluding alcohol).Th ...
 RT  Mr. President ( last time in NC you had a PBR. We'd love for you to enjoy a  perhaps one made with  ...
 RT  hey  -I know you're checking out  &  but I'd love to show you the coolest part of the  ...
   Merlot, slightly chilled (because it's hot), and not too much (because I've still got crap to do tonight).
 I think the only lesson I'm supposed to glean from this week's assignment in my Advanced Geospatial Analytics class is that all data sucks.
 Just made green curry stir fry with fresh basil from our tiny indoor garden. Cooking: it's how people like us afford to eat good food.
 Yay for the Gov's budget veto. But a reminder to those of you who mention it's the first ever: NC's Gov has only had veto power since 1996.
 Rain!
 Of course, you all can keep having kids. Other people's kids are just as fun but considerably cheaper.
 $226,920 for a kid? No thanks, I'd rather have a Ferrari. Better for the environment, too. 
  I still love Asheville, but many of my favorite haunts got pushed out by high rents or crappy landlords. A lesson for here?
 Any other tweeps using Google Music Beta? Initial thoughts? I'm still suspicious of surrendering things to the cloud.
 My six day workweek is over! Decompressing with a three mile hike before I spend the rest of my Friday night doing homework.
 Comprehensive plan initiating committee meeting three.
  Inbox zero? I heard about that. I think it was maybe in an email that I got five years ago. Probably still in my inbox.
  It's people like Speaker Tillis who perpetuate the myth that "business friendly" has to equal "screwing the people."
 Goodbye, my lovely tax dollars. RT  OC Steps "Into The Incentive Business" With Major Offer To Mebane's AKG 
 RT  Chapel Hill Mayor Kleinschmidt speaks against  says it's a matter of local control
  Any Democratic House member who votes to override a veto of the budget should get a primary challenger in the Spring.
  Thanks for the great coverage. I'm sorry we can't move forward w/ a transit tax vote but agree it's a tough time to do it!
 Potential Northside / Pine Knolls development moratorium is among the many things on our planning board agenda for tonight.
 I keep seeing tweets from political friends about the NCGA & my first thought is National Cooperative Grocers Association. 
  One of the reasons I use Dreamhost is that they at least purport to be green. 
 Not often I say something nice about a big box, but today I will: good for them. "Home Depot: we support gay causes" 
 ... Though it's not like the coverage of Rep. Weiner's twitter account or who might be in the GOP race was more fulfilling...
 Great, Edwards was indicted. Now the political-sphere can spend another week talking about that, rather than, say, issues.
 "Yes, it's Got to be NC" - Herald-Sun editorial from earlier this week quoting yours truly on the local food movement. 
 RT  The CLF is claiming responsibility for training the squirrels who sabotaged the Chapel Hill substation today - Freedom ...
 No power in downtown Carrboro yet...
  Sign the petition then! Were there a direct RDU to SFO, I'd spend a third less time in airports every year! 
 Trying hard to make up for a full day yesterday of being basically useless, aka having no internet at the office.
  If I were down in Carrboro, I'd be there in a flash. It's a bit too far for a midday trip from Hillsborough, though.
 Office internet is out, again. I'm getting a little tired of trying to do content management and data entry on my smartphone...
 I guess that whole rapture thing wouldn't have affected me having to get up and go run Jazz Brunch at  this morning anyway.
  Webuylocal.org is useless. No focus on local ownership, independent business, purchasing from local sources, etc.
 Things I'm learning in grad school: just because you finished a class two weeks ago, doesn't mean your grade will post this week...
 RT  RT  If you've ever wanted a direct flight from RDU to SFO, take a second to fill this out: rdutosfo.com
 It's raining, raining. Gotta come down it's raining... Everyone's looking forward to the rain storm.
 I'm the first one to work in my department this morning, but it's already ten til nine. Did I miss the marketing apocalypse? Zombies?
  Wouldn't each vote be 7-0? Pease is absent, and Council members don't vote on the motion to recuse themselves.
 RT  Going to the Chapel Hill Council meeting tonight to support the new Community House
 About to eat dinner at Vimala's with Erin's family. Nom!
 At the Dean Dome to watch  receive her Master of Education in School Counseling.
  I'm certain graduating was the best mother's day gift I ever gave. More about graduation from her checkbook than UNC though.
 RT  I just got off the phone with Gov Purdue's office. More broadband to create new tech companies NOT less! Veto H129! call 919 ...
 I wonder if the Johnston Mill Preserve is is dry enough to be worth going on a short hike on my way home?
 RT  "The sky is falling!" Call (317) 275-4444 to hear Tyler Hansbrough read "Chicken Little" as part of the Indiana Pacer ...
 Tomorrow, I have but one lisp-y wish. May the Fourth Be With You.
  What's your plan for impromptu group communication? Email is the lingua franca when not everyone's on your preferred social net.
 RT  The Carolina Brewery is hosting a special Commuter Alternative Program Charity Night at each location today -... ht ...
 Done with my first semester of grad school.  Only three years left at this rate!
 RT  "Do not rejoice when your enemies fall, and do not let your heart be glad when they stumble..." -Proverbs 24:17
 Okay ArcGIS. You and I are spending the rest of the evening together.
 Getting ready for  first Jazz & More Brunch of the season.
 Just learned about  Why doesn't Chapel Hill have a BALLE or AMIBA affiliate?
 The Carrboro Centennial insert in this week's  is chocked full of awesome. I highly recommend you pick one up!
  That's because they're smart people. I have trouble getting my ears to listen while my thumb muscles are at work tweeting.
  Promoting transit, biking, and walking are part of the solution. As is promoting the many "hidden" parking options in CH.
  Parking matters, no doubt. The perception of a lack of parking in Chapel Hill certainly hurts business there. We need to fix that.
  For us, profit beyond that needed to stay in business and thru that achieve our environmental and social goals is called excess.
  All true. But again, one of many goals. Here at  where I work, we subscribe to the triple bottom line idea.
  Re: profit is not a bad word. I don't disagree. But it should be one of many goals.
  Amen. No decent vision for a thriving local economy requires a profit motive from every entity involved
  Thanks for the great discussion this morning. I'm looking forward to listening to the rest of the day!
 Some people have asked me if I'm running for Town Council this Fall. The real question is, would I release my birth certificate? </sarcasm>
 Still at work with things needing to get done. I'm supposed to eat dinner and be at a meeting in Chatham County by 7pm how?
 RT  Preparing to vote against the worst environmental budget in NC's history
 RT  Sign up for Smart Commute Challenge 
   But isn't it easier when you only have to watch the agenda items you care about?
 RT  The key assumptions of sprawl - from  
  Thanks. I still think I'll let my Droid do the navigating, but at least I'll sound smarter (err, less dumb) when I get there.
 To Wagram, NC for a wedding. I better get my directions right; I'm not sure I can pronounce it if I have to ask for help. Wah- or Way- gram?
 Final Earth Day thoughts - best video ever: take your canvas bags to the supermarket. 
   (some of many, many choices):      
 RT  Help Celebrate EARTH DAY..Eat locally:Today's Lunch Special a local strawberry salad with mixed greens,pecans,goat  ...
 Good morning and Happy Earth Day!
  Do you think the US Chamber of Commerce knows enough about sustainability that accolades from them mean squat? I don't.
 Nope, just poor implementation.  RT  Too Much "Mixed Use" In Chapel Hill? 
  Maybe it's perl, and that's just a dump of the entire program code.
 RT  "Forbes recently ranked NC as the 3rd best place to do business, but only ranked us 32nd for quality of life."   ...
 No fucking way! </sarcasm> RT  A  prof drops the  on a college Republican group.  
  Try the Periodic Table of Condiments. I printed it for my mom after removing several years of relish from her fridge. 
  You mean domestic disputes over preserving health and safety. (Guess which camp I'm in!)
 Just rearranged the office. Now instead of staring at the back of my head, my coworkers and I can stare at each other. Better? Not sure.
 ...what I need to start at 11:49pm, is CLEARLY another episode of the West Wing, and not, you know, getting ready for bed.
 Note taking at the  board meeting. Yay for free  pizza!
  When you cross them? I don't know. But if you double cross them, you'll get run out of town by an angry mob.
 Misunderstanding of 'thou shall not kill' or did he just aim for the kneecaps? RT  Pastor shoots at burglar 
 It's not even 11am and I've used "I am not a lawyer, but..." in three different situations already today. IANAL but I play one in real life.
 RT  Raleigh Planning Director, Mitch Silver, AICP, inducted as President of the American Planning Association:  ...
 Doing website updates. Is Joomla really this terrible, or is it just because we're running a 3+ year outdated version?
 Knowing I need to get up early tomorrow makes me tired. I think I'm the only twenty-something who things twenty 'til ten is late.
  Similar to Johnny's in Carrboro; just opened. Beer, music, snacks, & randomness: good meeting place. 
 RT  Come to Vimala's Curryblossom Cafe on 4/28, 6-9pm for food and coffee! A portion of the proceeds will go to the Fai ...
 Planning Board tonight was cancelled. Two nights off in a row? No way! Time to... do the chores I've been putting off for weeks.
 Drinking a Cheerwine at the new Depot in Hillsborough. Cool place! 
 Nothing quite starts a Tuesday like finding that all of the work emails you sent at the end of the day Monday didn't go out. 
 My photos from yesterday's Piedmont Farm Tour are now up on Flickr. 
  We did Spence's, Coon Rock, Ever Laughter, the new Piedmont Food & Ag Processing Center, and ended the day at Maple View!
 Looking at baby chicks on the Piedmont Farm Tour!
 So, who has a magic weather wand and can make there not be violent thunderstorms at the  wine show or  Farm Tour?
 Addendum to previous tweet: I honestly don't even know off the top of my head where my UNC diploma is.
 Top signs I'm a dork: I printed the PDF of (and am considering hanging) my certificate of appreciation for volunteer service to the town.
  "Voters only willing to support a birther (23% of electorate)" is the most depressing statement on America I've read in months.
 Okay, it's midnight, no more calculating elevation derived moisture indices for me. Good night, Harris Research Tract. Good night, ArcGIS.
 Headed to Little Ridgefield Neighborhood Conservation District Public Information Meeting. My evening is hard to write in 140 characters!
 In Pittsboro for a Sierra Club talk on farming issues with Roland McReynolds from CFSA. Should be fun!
 RT  We're getting ready for the Piedmont Farm Tour this weekend, co-sponsored with  Visit our website for mo ...
  I just signed up for the  Challenge! I'll try biking, telework, and transit before June. 
 Let me just ask you here to support Chapel Hill's character - (of small local businesses!) - by voting yes on the Commercial Sign changes!
 Hey      - rather than disrupting you all night with my terrible coughing fits...
  Orange County Dems also typically have a part time paid staff member leading up to elections to help with office management.
  I'm super excited about both! Re: Antonia's and Hsbo BBQ Co now open. BBQ walking distance from my office? Goodbye, diet.
  A panel on geospatial tech for environmental orgs / land trusts / etc at  would draw me, if you can find someone to do it!
 Interesting article / slideshow! RT  Making each development do on-site runoff remediation is a mistake. 
 Congratulations to Linda Chewning, our new Orange County Democratic Party chair!
 Finally sitting down for a minute at the OCDP convention. Congressman Price speaking.
 RT  The Piedmont Farm Tour is one week away: Sat & Sun Apr 16 & 17, 1-5pm! 40 great farms to chose from...  ...
 RT  FCC Commissioner slams N. Carolina attack on city-owned broadband 
  Kids in the neighborhood set off fireworks a good bit, but sounded like three gunshots to me. LOTS of police responded.
 Sounded like gunshots a couple of minutes ago in the next door housing complex. Now CHPD walking through my parking lot with guns drawn.
 Another dose of DayQuil, or am I finally allowed to switch to NyQuil? Either way, next year I'm getting my damn flu shot.
  Really? I was more excited about today's OTHER big announcement of motion capture technology. 
 The skylight above me at work is leaking severely. It's like having my own personal water fountain that ends in a five gallon bucket.
  Agree with your comments on business signage wholeheartedly. Thanks for supporting small, local businesses.
 Still not much solace for a loss, though.
 On the bright side, not going to the final four probably will save public works & the police department several thousand dollars this year.
 Today: OCDP Breakfast in Efland, then a Resolutions Committee meeting this afternoon, followed by some busy grantwriting time.
 RT  Join us at Jessee's in Carrboro at 5:30. RT  Can't wait to see everyone at  happy hour tonight!
 At BoCC / CHTC joint meeting on economic development. News flash from discussion: there's more residential than commercial property in OC.
 RT  Are You Up for the Challenge? 
 RT  RT  High speed rail will bring 4000 jobs to NC! 
 Home from a Sierra Club ExCom meeting and the last few moments of a community meeting with Congressman Price. Justifiably tired, I think.
 No matter how hard it may be to make ends meet, I try never to forget just how privileged I am just to have a roof above my head.
 Translation: Home ownership is a challenge that may require outside assistance for greater than half of the people in our area. (3/3)
 Community Home Trust helps those making up to 80% of the area median income, and acknowledges those making up to 105% need help too. (2/3)
 Another way of thinking about poverty issues in Orange County... (1/3)
  Sounds right. IFC's concern is "1 in 5 are struggling," not just "1 in 5 are below federal poverty line." Good to have the  tho.
  Okay, Matt just tossed the ball to your court. :)
  If I held my breath waiting for vetoes this session I may have passed out long ago.
 In non-Chapel-Hill news...  Veto please? RT  NC land transfer tax option repeal goes to Perdue 
 My current address is walking distance to the current shelter. My future address is walking distance to the future IFC site. Not concerned.
 Reminder: The Chapel Hill Parks & Rec Commission recommended the IFC SUP, finding it would have no significant impact on park safety.
 While I understand and agree it's an important issue, I'm fairly certain "allows sex offenders" is not a criterion for approval of an SUP.
 And I guess to clarify, 15% in poverty was the 2000 census value. Surely things have gotten worse.
  Since our cost of living and avg income are so high here, 1 in 5 sounds about right to me.
  I don't know the reference for that particular number, but about 15% of OC is below the federal poverty line.
 RT  IFC's Chris Moran says Orange Co has highest poverty rate in NC. 1 in 5 residents are struggling. 
 Full house at the CH Council public hearing tonight. Who knew the UNC semi-annual report would bring such a turnout? ;-)
 Just home from a great meeting on Voter Owned Elections in Chapel Hill. I'm hoping it's a well-used system this year!
 Oh ArcGIS feature editing snapping options, how I wish I knew of your many settings when I needed you!
 Also, try to avoid the temptation to use transitions in your powerpoint slides.
 Dear developers: please refrain from giving me multipage documents at the start of meetings to clarify the 153 page document I already read.
 I received my Orange County vehicle tax bill in the mail today (2/28). Due date? 3/01. Seriously? At least there's no interest til 4/01...
 For the curious, my Costa Rica pictures are up on Flickr, though finishing out the metadata may take a few days: 
  wins the award for least confusing leg of my trip home from Costa Rica. Also cheapest, but not by much.
 Congrats  on becoming  chair! And thanks to everyone tweeting from the SEC meeting for those of us not able to be there.
 Duke Nukem Forever has an actual release date? I was twelve when that game was announced: I'll believe it when I see it.
 Glad to see the new website I helped put together for  is now live! 
 Just gave a tour of  to a group of students from  learning about local agriculture. They had great questions!
  I agree! Dear  pardon my Chilton, but what a lame ass story. Isn't there some real news to cover?
 Debating grad school options. Older tweeps, did you specialize your education or generalize it by adding something related? Any regrets?
 Spending this  at work, but still setting aside a little time to remember why today matters.
 Rhett & Link are coming to the Blue Sky Film Festival in Southern Village next month! Too bad I'm out of town then! 
 RT  When CNN says, "There's nothing to indicate this is terrorism," they mean "There's nothing to indicate killer is Muslim."
 Sad & upset over the assassination attempt on  But not terribly surprised. Ignorance + hatred breeds despicable behavior.
 Hello Twitter. Long time no see, outside of my work accounts. I'm not sure if I've missed you. Did I?
 Checked in at the  state convention.
 Laughed at the odd group of bikers who passed me in Golden Gate Park. Then realized it was Paul McCartney and his entrourage.
 San Francisco, here I come again.
 Some people think pulled pork barbecue sauce contains tomato. Those people are wrong.
 No Jazz Brunch this morning, so at Flyleaf books for a Cory Doctorow.
 Down in Apex for the 4th District Democratic Convention.
 The gentleman who just addressed the planning board was wearing a shirt that read "All stressed out and no one to choke."  Yikes.
 Done poll-sitting, now planning board meeting. 40+ people here, I'm assuming for the homeless shelter standards discussion.
 Poll sitting at my precinct at Northside. Turnout is depressing: go vote!
 Hey NPR / Political Junkies, I'm this week's ScuttleButton winner! Now I guess I can't say I've never won anything. 
  I'm setting up for a big event tonight up in Hillsborough, and away from my radio. Will the Annual Forum be downloadable later?
 Chapel Hill Planning Board is taking a walking tour of Northside before our meeting.
 About to go set up the last Spring Wine Show at  in Hillsborough. Fun, but lots of work.
 Made a huge pot of jambalaya for dinner (and several dinners to come). I haven't had time to really cook in weeks, so it was a treat!
 Making last minute agenda copies for the Orange County Democratic Convention today.
 Waiting to watch the Al Gore lecture at Duke (in overflow simulcast, boo!)
 Northside precinct meeting still needs 3 more for quorum... want to come?
 Disc golf on campus then dinner at Buns with Charles and Erin. Fun afternoon.
 Jack Sanders of Orange County supports institutionalized independent financial review board for  and I do too.
  Seemed like Cunningham had the most greeters but all three campaigns had a strong presence. 
 Sitting with  and  at the NCDP SEC meeting. Hashtag?
 First tweet from the new smartphone. If this ends well, I might be able to live tweet the NC Democratic Executive Committee meeting today.
  Next time, I swear! Maybe I can host  in  if you want to take a northern route when it warms up?
  Are you (or is anyone) live tweeting today's local MLK events? Not all of us get a holiday, unfortunately.
  Welcome to twitter!
 Busy day! CH Comm Dept meeting, UNC Bike/Ped connector discussion, & missing Planning Board for OCDP Exec Cmte. Also, theoretically, work.
  I saw a good show this morning, 4am. If it weren't for the haziness, light pollution, and trees, would have been even better.
 Bed soon. Waking up early (4am-ish) to watch the Leonid meteor shower.
  There will probably still be lots of leftovers at my mom's, just north of Asheville, if you're starving and out of options. :)
 It's RSVVP Day! Hope I get a chance to eat out tonight before my NCD meeting and support the IFC.
 Congrats to  for receiving lease approval from   Looking forward to your (eventual) new space.
  Fortunately for your efforts, we already have a fantastic community in which your members can thrive.
 Vegetarian chili for dinner.  My chili is always vegetarian, except for that one time I decided to dispose of that deer meat in the freezer.
 Home from hiking at the Johnston Mill Nature Preserve. Some small part of me wants to be a park ranger or a biological researcher.
 RT  People pay 68% of prop taxes to the county, so what is it that should be cut from the town's 32% - trash collection?
 Please join me tomorrow in voting for Mark Kleinschmidt to be Chapel Hill's next mayor!
 Sharing about my job, cooperatives, and the natural foods industry at a middle school career fair at University Mall.
 Off to OWASA for what I'm guessing will be the last candidates' forum I'll see this year.
 Trying to come up with an idea for a creative but also cheap/easy Halloween costume. Any thoughts?
 What doesn't kill me will only make me fatter.
 Kleinschmidt for Mayor rally, then enjoying my day off at the NC State Fair. Turkey legs, Polish sausages, and funnel cakes galore!
 Facilitating an OCDP Legislative Breakfast "elected official speed dating" table this morning. Should be exciting!
 Early voting for Orange County residents with an election this year started today at the Board of Elections in Hillsborough. Go vote!
  My 1960s apartment has the same joyous features, sans a yard.
 Now, off to the Parker Farm Dinner at Panzanella and then an OCDP conference call and the Council meeting tonight.
 Submitted my application for the Chapel Hill Town Council vacancy today (link: ). I hope many other people did too.
 A bee flew down the back of my shirt this morning and apparently didn't like it in there. I can tell it's about to go from 'hurt' to 'itch.'
 Home from Planning Board, & the tail end of the mayoral forum on UNC campus. Now looking at really depressing election results from Raleigh.
 Running the first of three Wine Shows for Weaver Street Market today in Southern Village. Fun, but I always end the day exhausted.
 Saw a hawk with a squirrel breakfast and a deer behind them in the same glance off N. Greensboro Street this morning. Carrboro wildlife day?
  Wish I'd seen your tweet re: OCDP/Colonial Hgts forum cancellation. Least I got a walk in. Saw a copperhead in Bolin Creek.
 petition  to apologize for yelling "LIAR" during Obama speech, and lying about   RT to sign 
 Went and test rode an electric-assisted bike at  today. One word: awesome. I think it's just a matter of time before I get one.
 Tyler Hansborough just came by during Jazz Brunch at  Somehow that makes me really happy.
 Front row seats to the UNC alumni game. Heck yeah!
 Attended a Hillsborough parking study meeting this morning; it's strange to me how people refuse to walk more than a few feet when parking.
 I'm moderating the Sierra Club Carrboro Municipal Candidates Forum tonight, 7-9pm at Carrboro Town Hall. All are welcome, please join us!
 Gone jogging.
 Just finished gorging myself on some fresh NC shrimp, hand delivered this afternoon straight from the coast. Thanks, Mom. 
 Too hot to do anything. Anyone have a summer house in Vermont they want to share with me?  :)
 Of course, I rent, so according to local conventional wisdom I have no reasonable expectation of basic standards of living.
  You too? There's been a dude pounding on my roof all morning. Good thing I decided to work from home today.
 Back from Sunday morning music   That's enough outdoor time for me, until the heat index is back under 100 degrees Fahrenheit.
 Doing content management (and maybe some teaching) at OCDP website training session for our new website (www.orangedems.us).
 No Jazz Brunch this morning due to dreary weather. Cleaning up my physical (and virtual) workspace instead.
 Sorry to hear the rumors that Bill Strom is resigning from Town Council are true. Bill was a model council member and will be missed.
 Just made a yummy balsamic sauce for pasta with three huge organic heirloom tomatoes from our back porch container garden.
 I can has Google Voice! Now, how to deal w/ four physical phones (2 cell, 1 desk, 1 home) with five numbers when some already co-dial...
 Getting ready for Bob Dylan, Willie Nelson, and John Mellencamp tonight.  Supposedly, I should get work done between now and then, but...
 About to go eat some yummy fresh farm foods at Panzanella.  Then, getting caught up on web-work for the OCDP.
 Why I work at Weaver Street NOT Whole Foods: RT  Whole Foods CEO calls Obama health plan a "trojan horse" 
 Dinner at Squid's, then getting some last-minute work done before heading out tomorrow for two day camping trip in Eno River State Park.
 Just made an awesome blended drink from the mason jar of cold coffee in the fridge. I totally don't need the caffeine, but... it's so tasty!
 My productivity today died at about noon. Maybe I can make up for it tomorrow.
 Took off early on a Friday: the first time in a while. I think I really needed it; the little things are really starting to get at me today.
 Learning about microcontrollers via a newly purchased Arduino. I wish I actually had time to take up a new hobby. Especially a dorky one.
 I'm happy to see Norm Coleman has finally stopped playing pointless games to block Al Franken from being seated. Congrats, Al.
  The program isn't for traffic tickets, it's for parking tickets.  Sorry, speeders.
 Wish I could go to the OCDW health care event with Chris Fitzsimon tonight at OWASA (7:30pm, if you can go).
 Glad to hear on NPR a few minutes ago that the NC bullying bill passed.
 Don't forget - OCDP forum on Chapel Hill Voter Owned Elections tonight  Town Hall, 7pm. Gene Nichol, Common Cause, Democracy NC presenting.
 CH Town Council approved the development agreement tonight... and so begins fifty more years of work for both parties.
 Working at home 'til the Big Green Bus visits Carrboro today 3-7pm. 
  Why a Pre and not G1? Just curious. (These days, anything other than my Windows Mobile "smart" phone looks appetizing.)
 Just got thru the (last?) public hearing on the Carolina North Development Agreement. Now some sleep before taking the early bus to H'boro.
 I'm hoping After Hours  won't get rained out again tonight. I'm looking forward to hearing Charles Pettee & Friends.
 I'm off tonight. No work, no meetings, no nothing. How do I celebrate? Trying to get caught up on backed up email.
 At the final Planning Board hearing on Carolina North development agreement.
 Interviewed on WCHL for Weaver Street's Community Nonprofit Days. 
 My "allergies" quickly proved themselves yesterday to actually be an oncoming cold. Apologies if I'm unresponsive for a day or two.
 Excited about the Tar Heel Treasure random-college-student-moving-out junk sale! I totally need a futon for my office. 
 Patsy Keever ('04 NC-11 candidate) is challenging Bruce Goforth for NC House from Buncombe County b/c of his enviornmental record. Go Patsy!
 Loud party downstairs. My floor is shaking, and I'm on OUR second floor. Cheap apartments: they're like dorms for old people, without RAs.
 Debating whether to use my day off to go to the BlueNC Blogger bash, or to get caught up on some much-needed laziness.
 Survived Ladies' Night Out  in Hillsborough last night.  Katharine Whalen rocked.
 Heading to greater Greensboro to tour the Teague Farm (one of our Organic Valley farmers) with the Weaver Street crew.
 The Mystery of the Stolen Events Tables has been partially solved, just in time for Community TrailFest. No thanks to those meddling kids
 Been taking a PR class  UNC for fun (and sorta for work).  Final paper I'm writing right now? UNC's PR campaign for Carolina North. Fun.
 Working on a marketing strategy for Southern Village (hereafter, So-V). Selling "buy local" to a new urbanist community ought to be easier.
 Meeting with the new + outgoing OCDP officers, then Planning Board begins first formal discussion of Carolina North.  Full night.
 I'm not sure whether the wasted time or the carbon guilt is worse.
 Just got to Hillsborough, now driving down to Carrboro to take down a tent, before coming back to H'boro and then CH this afternoon.
 Watching CNN videos instead of working. Ran across Scott Conary (of Open Eye) judging International Barista Competition 
 Dreary Monday weather has not been a productivity boost on a week I need to get an awful lot done.
 Now, heading to my friend Wiley's senior honors thesis composition recital.
 Elected OCDP 3rd Vice Chair yesterday.  Was not expecting that what's basically an all-work-no-glory position would be so highly contested.
 Taxes filed. And not a single compulsive urge to teabag anyone. It's easy to feel patriotic when I'm expecting a big refund.
 Do I have the energy to go out for the game tonight? Doubtful. Will I try anyway? Probably.
   That might have been the longest you've both been off Twitter for quite some time. :) Congratulations!
 Still laughing at National Coal Council website. Looks (& sounds) EXACTLY like a Colbert parody of itself: www.nationalcoalcouncil.org
 Top of the Hill get slammed by Dan Gillmor on BoingBoing: 
  Actually, Harris Teeter dot isn't on the store, but on an office building with a 704 area code.  Local?
  Because avoiding unlisted (read: non-Chamber member) WSM to shop at the Harris Teeter behind it is DEFINITELY going local...
 It has been, to say the least, a frustrating day. To codiphrase, while (snow > 0) { important.communications = false; }
 OC Dem Precinct Mtgs are mostly tonight  7pm. Mine (Northside) is at CH Town Hall. Please go to yours if you lean that way and are able.
 Glad I'm not on Town Council right now. 11:20pm and they've still got a half dozen agenda items to go. After a 7:30am meeting this morning.
  March 18, details forthcoming.
 Epic Calendar Fail. Second in ten days- need to get my sh*t together.  YDNC Convention = Saturday of Southern Village Bike Safety Event.
 Book store then WSM then dinner then class then writing then emails then collapse (then wake up and repeat). I love days off.
 "Livin' on a Prayer" is sort of my theme song right now, and I HAVE a job. (Probably it's mostly my theme song because it's awesome.)
 "Trickle-down economics are really inspirational to writing songs." -Jon Bon Jovi. And listening, Jon. And listening.
 Planning Board tonight: Possible R-SS-C amendment, Recreation Payment in Lieu changes, Public Art Presentation, & Annual Budget Discussion.
 Confession: when I read stuffwhitepeoplelike.com, I realize it is a 90% accurate picture of me, and that makes me feel sad and uni-cultural.
 Hey you.  Do you know the story behind this sign? 
 I'm assuming no real news is good news when it comes to the UNC bomb threat...
 Finished some JOMC reading; going over my NCGA and SECGA notes before I speak at SYFAS for WSM later today. Need fewer acronyms in my life.
 Methinks I need to visit my calendar more often, and people need to give me firm dates further in advance.
 CRAP! How did Earth Action Day AND the OC Dem Convention get scheduled for when I'm working at a wine show? I'm already committed to all 3!
 Ironically, not exactly sure how I'm going to make it to the panel with all of the other things I've committed to do this week.
