 
 All I can do is look back and wish u well. Ain't nothin up here for u no more.
 Looks like I'm a few blocks ahead of u...
 Srry ur jst NOW realizing tht u fell for me to.
 Yea I tripped n fell for u, But I also got up cused at the ground, brushed mahself off and kept it moving....
  bitch u can't fool me! And Whr mah kids at?
 I have 1045 followers...so I'm sorry if u say sumthin and I dnt see it.
 Idk if I'm missin sumthin or not  but why u sad?
 Naw neva  LoL. Mah ONLY  We posta go ta the shw. He said sumthin bout dinner to but idk.
 LoL  Britt azz. She posta be watching mah kids so me an mah  can go out 2nite. But all of a sudden she mia on me. LoL
 4months n and I.can honestly say tht I hate living out here...
 I'm gettin sleepy af sitting here waiting on this chick ta kall.
  Rite. He said it was sum shit n tht letter I ain't get tho. Tht why ol gyrl was pissed            (cont) 
  Damn. Yea turning it back.on right aft tht happened prlly wasn't a good idea. U got insurance tho so u a be alright. :-)
 Tht nigga wrote ME... LoL
 Finna  this Rottell
 U late af! But ur evo dnt wrk at all no more? U let it dry out? RT   Hell yes!!!
 
 Sumthing RLLY good must b comin my way cuz it seems like everytime I turn around sumthin else in mah life is fuckin up.
 Its amazing Wht ppl will do when they think no one is looking.
 Time ta go back ta wrk...
 RT  RT:  niggas dont phase me and dese bitches dont amaze me wouldnt be surprise if my own niggas tried to p ...
 RT  Ready for football season to start!!
 Sliding Dwn The Pole - E40
 Mah son be maxxxin these BlueBerry Nutri-Grain bars
 Everytime I hear this song I be ctfu
 Green n Yellow....lol. Wayne a fool.
 Dot Com
 
 Whelp,  looks like  ain't gone happen now.
 I'm just playing!!
 
 SIKE!!!
 :-(
 Just seen sumthin tht made me sad...
 Let me find tht mah job and these ppl tht have me on hold is.playing the same music...
 <==Confused...LoL
 I WANT a boyfriend for all the WRNG reasons...but I DNT want a boyfriend for all the RIGHT reasons...LoL.
 But HEY....I cld be wrng.
 Cuz thts wht I thought it was.
 Im jst askin...
 Fucking....isnt tht considered penis to vaginal contact?
 And afta tht its ova wit
 Im nice to everyone till they give me a reason not to be.
 Im actually TO nice...
 Im not mean...
  I got  yesterday. Wanna watch it?
 So this bitch rlly calls himself being upset...IDGAF 
 Lmao  RT   On the north end picking up the Mexicans and shit lol
  whr they got u 2day?
 Been waiting for it ta do this for eva it seem like... RT   Cant help but to lol
  I'm Lovin it!!! LoL
 Been wanting it ta come dwn like this for awhile now
 Its comin dwn to!!! RT  Summer rain!!
  Trust me...it wasn't u. LoL
 I'm soaked! !!
 Mah head gone be drippin RED...LoL
 Its finna get dwn out here!!
 Tht nicca feeling shitty af right now.
 
 And I dnt even be on thr like tht...
 I have a FB Stalker...
 Haha join the club...minez be red RT  Im tired of my hands being purple every time I touch my hair....lol shits jus a mess
 Anyone seen tht new  movie?
 If it ain't one thing its anotha....FML
 DAMN!!!
 How I look when I come TO wrk and how I look when I LEAVE wrk are to totally different ways...LoL
 4:18....almost tht time!
 NEVER...I was simply stating tht maybe, every 1ce n a while it wldnt hurt u ta get em dirty...LoL RT hatin on my soft touch
 Time ta put the phone on the charger again...
 I like wrkin tho...
 Ugh  already!!
 They finna start a "bubble shift" out here at Sc2 in Bartonville....from 10am-630pm
 <==Says "Ohhh" a lot when txtn....I needa stop. LoL.
 How u usta be big all ova but now u little in the face n neck but still big everywhr else?  Jst dnt get it...
 I've only loaded about 67 things all day 2day... o_O
 I've been on mah truck idle for almost 3hrs...
 I dnt knw whr they find emm. 
 Sumtimes I swear these ppl at mah job are straight idiots!
  ,  ,  and 33 others unfollowed me today ... checked by 
 Guess tht means I dnt need nthin.
 I been at this machine for about 10 minz and still aint found nothin I want yet...
 Jst bought this Rice Krispie treat but now I dnt eem want it no more...
 I'd rather be pullin rite about now.
 Loading is no fun when u have nothing to load...
 Omg...I'm hella bored.
 Only rule...Ain't one!
  and  talmbout me  
 Laying in the bed waiting for mah LiL man ta go to sleep...
  Sex is one of the safest sports you can take up. It stretches and tones up just about every muscle in the body.
  Stress can cause the muscles in the vagina to involuntarily tense up, making penetration difficult and painful.
  In order for a woman to have an orgasm during sex, her amygdala, the center for fear and anxiety in the brain, must be turned off.
   Cum actually adds vitamins to your body while swallowed and guess what? It is said to whiten your teeth.
  Women who work part-time have more orgasms than full-time employees do.
 RT  You wasn't that dude until I started fuckin with you .
 RT  You can master your fear by changing your perception of what the fear is. ~Paul V Harris 
 RT  RT  For every girl there is 3 guys: the 1 she wants, the 1 that wants her, and the 1 she's settling for.  ...
 And I think I knw why....smh.
 I'm stressed...
 Ugh!
 Ugh. Tht cheesecake was NASTY!!
 Im sweating and hot all ova again.
 Now it seems mah shwer did nthing at all...
  Ohh believe me it was...LoL. Straight fukkery.
 This heat plus these crazii kids DO NOT mix...LoL. &this skool...came dwn here for nothin. RT MidasTouch1018:  whatsdamatta lol
 To mad right now.
 Walking ta this kids skool
 
 Finna jump n the shwer and get rdy ta go ta mah kids skool n a few...fun fun... :-/
 This LiL nicca be to rdy ta gt outta skool!  
 I see u like tht...u gettin excited
 4:28...tht means 2minz left!!
 Hiding out n the office till its time ta go...
 Sum1 come cool me dwn! ;-)
 <==Is HOT af!!
 Hope I dnt be all tired at wrk now...
 <==Jst got dne eating...
  Lmao. U knw it. Yall be up early gttin it in on twitter...LoL
 Snappin for no reason on these niccas...
 Mah boss knw he be trippin sumtimes...
  but I'm rdy ta GOOOO
 U have pink eye but askin when we gone see each otha.... o_O
 Thts them true  heads!! LoL
 Gotta <3 em tho...
 Looks like Ima have ta turn mah notifications off from6-4now instead of7-4cuz it seems sum of mah  be up early af tweetin 
 
 Welp lets try this again n the bed...
 RT  I really wish the Dollar Store would sell gas.
 RT  If they can't see that I'm a winner then its their lost.
 Tired af but I'm tossin n turnin
 Fell asleep on the couch...
 RT  Facebook will share the same fate as MySpace.
 RT  Aries  - Aries woman are the most attentive to their partner's needs.
  (( 
 RT  Hey you. Click my page. Click Follow..Mention me, Say Followback...And I will folllowwww youuuu...On ya march, get set, GO
 Lmao  RT  Then delete yo ass 2mar!!
 Lmao  Nope. I dnt want  He been playin me for 2lng now...LoL. Im always 2nd *runs away crying*
  MmmHmm thts wht they all say...
 Ppl are crazii nowadays
  How if u went n got married? LoL
  YUP!! LoL.
 RT  Hahaha i feel like swimming...buckey nekkid.....
 Seems I always end up as sum1 else's 2nd...
  rrrrriiiitttteee
 RT  Being single is my choice I rather be full of energy and seek adventure than stay serious & committed knowing that Im ...
 Or vice versa....LoL  RT  I never got a chance to tell my " about my  I hope she'll understand
  I'm good. Been cleaning up these last 2days...and still ain't dne...LoL. How u been doe?
 *looks around n whispers* Yea? RT  *whispers* Hey you……………yea you *points 
 
 Haha I ment mah new growth is comin back QUICK
 Mah computer messed up on me...sumthin else I gotta spend money on now... 
 2marr Ima do both bathrooms and me and kids room...ugh!
  on mah tv was nice
 Now ta take out the garbage
 Jst got done cleanin up mah kitchen...livingroom....and dining room..
 Im rdy ta cook sum shit up now tho....
  Ohh Idk thn. And Im gttin old cuz of mah last tweet...LoL
 Tht when u  them!! Lbvs RT  I keep gettin spam dm's from everyone!!
 2Geeked tht I bought mahself a CrockPot and 3new pans ta cook n!!! Lmao
 If I ain't one thing its anotha... 
  Now now....for better or for worse,  is wht was said...till DEATH do y'all part! :-X
  A mess...LoL. She'll be back. Once she realizes the grass ain't greener on the otha side...LoL
 O:-)
  Shhhhh!! Ur to loud...ur wife mite hear u.
  *whispers* maaaaayyyybbbeee
 Thinking about YOU!
 RT  Behind my smile is everything you'll never understand.
 Haha sound like sumthin mah azz would be doin...Lmao
 This one dude on the team be gttin his cut of the money but he STILL always takin sumthin...
 Finally watchin this movie 
 Me and the baby riding solo
 The joys of  or 
 But unfortunately I gotta pay bills
 Wish I cld spend it on mahself n mah kids
 Got all the money out the bank...
 U make it hard for me ta see sum1 else!
 Yea!! I passed!!!
 Thanx Sweets!!  LoL.
 RT  S/O 2 =      
 RT  I do believe I'm horny. But what's new
 Almost home!!
 I dnt want to  but unfortunately I have to. LoL
 But then id be sleep ob the road 
 Shld of brought mah pills wit me
 Mah back is killing me!!!
 On mah way back to Peoria =( Had fun away from home!
 63rds beach was fun!
 Forget the world...its just u n I
 Done wit the mall....now whr...hmm
 At Ford City Mall
 RT  logic over emotions.... does it make sense for me to like you as much as i do??
 Got a lot on mah To Do list for.2day...
 Up in Rdy to get out n enjoy this day.
 Sooo its 1:32 am and these old heads outside drinking on the mfn street corners.
 All these dread heads!  =)
 This nicca can NOT drive....Lmao
 Awe thanx  for the concern babe...but yea I did. =)
 Its good seeing everyone tho
 All these cats!! Ugh I dnt do CATS
 Ima call u  when u blow this thang  oooouuuuutttt
 Ima be the momma
 I wanna play house...
 Awe... 
  Fasho!!
 The sun dnt shine 4Eva but as lng as its hear we might as well shine together
  - Yo side of the bed  and its got me thinkin bout mah   =)
  Yup
 Aye  u tweetin tht bs again...LoL
  I was thinkin n like 2-4 weeks. I kinda wanna take Var to. I heard thy gotta free shuttle to.
 Finna be in the  aka  area soon!!
 Big ups ta  for always shouting ya gyrl out  =)
 RT            ...
 A LiL late but we finally on the e-way now
 We both wrong...but it feel rite
 We at the pool and I'm lookin like a center fold...2tats but I'm gettin plenty more...
  I wanna hit up  wit yall SOON tho. Its only at bout 50bux...
  Mah babies comin wit me...LoL. Jst me n the kids.
  To the City...im only gne be gne for a day or two.
 Cant wait ta get outta the P tho. Even if its only for a few days.
 Gotta few last min things ta do b4 I hit the road later on 2day
 All I knw is this wrap betta turn out right why Im lookin a HOT mes at wrk nshit...LoL
 RT  the quiet ones tend to be the freakiest.
 RT  RT " every nigga love when a female can roll his blunts.. but puts the icing on the cake when she a baad b ...
 Its done now!! Ohh wee!!! LoL But thanx for the good luck, it came in handy...   RT:   goodluck with that
 New growth already!!!!  
  I dont know. Im up! Im sleepy af tho!
 RT  The heat is influencing me to cut my hair
 But I gotta get this head done 2nite!
 Mah bed is kallin me...
  Noooo!!! LoL
 Gyrl Im soo serious. I usta think ALL babies was cute...untill I seen eem on  RT   lol
 RT  Every girl deserves a guy who looks at her every day like it's the first time he saw her.
 I need to be sleep right now...
 RT  Guys talk about how girls are trifling&how wifey aint so easy to find,but when they find wifey material,they treat  ...
 RT  Fukk sympathy!! Get a hallmark card!
 Them babies jst as ugly as they ugly azz parents! 
 Tht old saying that ugly ppl make cute babies?? 
 RT  It use to didn't bother me to be alone, but now I don't like it!!
 RT  Sumtimes I think I require too much attn.....but once I think about it again I realize that I'm not gettin the attn  ...
 Awe  ur welcome. LoL but I aint eem plan on goin. Afta we dropped Bookie off I w rdy ta get n the house but Var kept beggin!
 RT   is obviously ending the convo
 RT  A LIE is still a LIE. Regardless of the reason behind it. You can say you did it for a good cause but the point is. Y ...
 Lmao  RT  I masturbate with my pinkie finger pointed straight out. That way if anyone eve        (cont) 
 RT  Can I just see you every morning when I open my eyes? Can I just feel your heart beating beside me every night?
 Make me not eem wanna make nothin.
 I already knw these kids ain't gone eat whteva I cook neways...they azzes
 I'm hungry but I dnt wanna cook nothin.
 RT   , before yo ass txtin me bt sex nshxt ..
 RT   but then you opened your mouth.
 RT   Until  I Got Closer & Noticed Your Teeth, 
 RT   till I made yo twitcon bigger
 Mah tub is stained RED...I have no clue whr it cld of came from tho...*thinks rlly hard*
  was AMAZING
 Jst got n from swimmin wit the kids...
  First-time intercourse is often unplanned, meaning it's less likely teens will use contraception.
  White women are the most likely to engage in anal sex, particularly if they also have a college degree.
  The average number of times a healthy male will ejaculate in a lifetime is 7,200.
  There is little correlation between penis size and shoe size, hand size, or nose size.
  52% of women fake orgasms.
 So the po po finna stop ppl thts walkin n txtn on they cell phones...says its irritating
 Its 2 hot. I needa be uo n sum1s ac rite now!
 Currently 91° in  Il but feels like 103°
 Lovin my wall paper!! Thanx ta  Whts better 2look  than pictures? Ima picture freak so guess thts why I love it!! 
 Hoes will have u tied up...bitch I ain't no shoe strings!!
 Mah attitude is celibate...I dnt give a fuck
 Yup, just tired. Tired of certain things in general. Sleepy tired as well tho. LoL.  RT   u aight babe?!
 GoodNite tweeps!
 But id rather be by mahself than with sum1 tht truly didn't care...
 Wish I was cakked up right now...
 Ur wish is mah command
 When you come home late tap me on mah shoulder I'll roll over...baby I heard you...Im here 2 serve you
 If its love you need...2 give it is mah joy
 RT     tht makes you  your eyes.. seeing them on your timeline ! !lol
 RT   Who could get the business
 SOOOO he really jst went down on a penguin LMMFAO
 Tell em again Po!! RT  I'm Bomb!
 Whtchu wanna eat boo?? Let me feed you!
 If you love sumthing...sumtimes you jst wanna be surrounded by it
 RT  Yelling "STAY!" at non-breathing objects to keep them from falling over.
 Dont look at me in that tone of voice!! Lmao
 RT   who flirts wit errrrrrbodi n dey Tl
 RT   wants to bone , I ka tell lol
  sumtimes!
 But everytime it happens its hurts like its the first time
 You think I would be use to this shit by now.... =(
 RT   stay thinkin I'm talkin bout them!!  theyre either lyrics or a random thought!! ;) 
 RT  Im a headache but they love the pain
  LoL
 RT   that they wanna 
 Lmao...Did you pass? RT  I really just took the "Who's Celebrity Booty is This?" quiz... 
 Guess he dont care cuz he fuckin em all...Lmao! He a fool
 Grown bitches looking like kids nshit cuz they aint nothin but skin n bones. How is that sexy?
 So this man is really fuckin all these ladies so that after him they will find they true love?? Ohh wow!
 RT  RT if you've had sex wit 1oyf. 
 RT  Niggas be thirsty af doe. Wea da  ?
 Lmao. This lady is DUMB
 RT  LADIES - Don't keep shedding NEW tears over his OLD lies ,  !
 I needa meet me a  Haha
  LoL they was retarded af
 Tht movie Waiting was a gag... 
 And OoOoWee its finna feel s00oo00oo gooooooood!! LoL.
 
 RT   you're unorganized. Life is a puzzle. Stop trying to place things where they're not meant to fit.
 Nice RT  New pick up added to the collection 
 RT  Its still hot as fuck out here
 Crazii huh?!?! LoL RT  Women who like younger men = Cougar ... Men who like younger women = Pedophile.
  rite. I was jst gone ask if they changed ur Friday then. But looks like they didnt...Look atchu.!! LoL
 RT  Ugh I hate walkin past a group of ugly thirsty dudes >_<
 Help her out yall!!    RT i wannaa get  tonight can my dream come true  ????? :D
 Thts the first. U chk'd tht schedual 2x rite?? RT   h to the nizzo lol day off *harlem shakes*
 All the time!! LoL. RT   u answer whn I call!  *harlem shakes* take that take that
 RT  I LIKE WATCHIN PORN ...
 I dnt knw why ppl tend to get mad at me when I dnt answer they calls...Ive told  tht I txt more          (cont) 
  LoL Aint chu at wrk neways?
 Gotta write this paper for skool 2mar
 MAHSELF!!!!
 Jst got the kids out the tub...bout ta lay em dwn and have sum quality time wit....
 RT  Lmfaoooo 
 RT  People NEED to always remember that God only  places the heaviest burdens on the people who can actually carry ithe  ...
 Im wit u on this one!!  RT  They keep saying the right person will come along, I think mine got hit by a truck.
 RT  Sure God created man before woman, but then again you always make a rough draft before creating the final masterpiece.
 RT  Women still remember the first kiss after men have forgotten the last
  and  is ova here doin the most!! Haha
  Rite. LoL. She jst aid he smell like tht dye I usta put n mah hair... 
 Jst seen this lady n the gas station...she paid dude 375 for a tat...it ws nice tho but still 375?? Iono...
  Not much. Ova  while her and  cake up on the couch!! LoL
  LoL. Hey 
  Lmao. Hadda do it.
 Fuck u and tht article!! RT  check out this article! I made $370 today! 
  Coughing can cause air to move through your windpipe faster than the speed of sound over a thousand feet per second!
  There are approximately one hundred million people in the United States that have a chronic illness.
  Close to fifty percent of the bacteria in the mouth lives on the surface of our tongue.
  People who ride on roller coasters have a higher chance of having a blood clot in the brain
  About 10% of the world's population is left-handed.
  ,  ,  and 18 others unfollowed me today ... checked by 
  Awe...da baby!! LoL.
 Tried to take the kids swimmin yesterday  but they had closed the pool due to the chemical levels nshit
 NOO I do not want a water bottle tht u have opend already and drank out of...wtf?
 Ugh and here we go again with the space invader man...
  Haha Ikdr!! Ive been doin the same thing. Its 2 hot.
  Thanx!!
  I cld be sayin the same to u!! Whr u been hidin miss??
  Rite. I cant miss out on no money now...LoL
 I keep tellin mah son tht hes gone need ta get a LiL darker cuz lightskined ain't in...Lmao
 He got the lil curly hair and the light but not to light look....
 Not like I'm attracted to him or anything....he just looks like how my son will look once he gets grown.
 Im not normally drawn to light skinned men but this dude rlly got me lookin at him.
 So sick of this man invading mah space!! If he dnt move round soon we gone have problems!
 U kant have it all...
 I wish these damn Mexicans wld stop whistling. They be makin me stop n look for no reason!
 And mah back STILL b hurtin!!!
 Well I take tht back. Just the pack line and receiving get ta go home. Fork truck drivers and sopers Gotta stay
 Everyone gets off at 1 2day...except ME!!!
 They tryna pack this warehouse full!!!
 3 days and 2 groups of new ppl...
 
  LoL
 They said these nxt 2weeks is gone be the hottest of the summer! =(
 Omg its HOT outside
  Fuck yea...thr like yesterday!! LoL
 I must of slept wrong cuz mah leg is killing me!!
 I guess I look like the coffee lady...since Im sittin here makin EVERYONE a cup of it..LoL
 In the wrk place already....this is gonna be a long day!
 FINALLY got sum!!!! Yea me!!! Thanx to  
 Twitter wasnt wrkin on mah computer for a long azz time
 A  man that can dance is Ohhh Sooo Sexii
 Is it possible to Love sum1 but hate them at the same time?
 Yeaaaa!!!
 Call me SpongeBob....flipping crabby patties!!
 We can never have a civil convo...idek why I waste mah time on u
 Got tht young card n the mail...we finna buy up sum shit nw!! Lmao. 
 Can't believe how dirty I am from wrk...cnt wait ta get home and take a shwer! !
 Aye  U knw u at 8000 tweets even right? I knw Ima get a  right?? Haha
 Aye  whtchu doin?
 Mah hair is doin the most right now...LoL
 OT this week is gonna be CRAZii
 Soooo they switched mah lunch ta 1230...minez n a few more pplz. Crazii but ohh well.
 LoL  Hush! Im wrkin HARD...haha
 2 trailers dwn and 1row left on anotha one...Ohhhh weee...Lmao  knw but so Wht!!
 Thanx  =)
 Dam computer on this truck is irkin me!!
 Well I was tryna wear mah hair dwn today but thts not gonna happen...damn this humidity!
 Now I gotta wait about 20minz b4 I wake this baby up...
 So I 4got tht mh baby dnt have to be at skool till 630 2day...n here I am rdy 2b out the house by 6...ugh! This lil wait here is gn kill me!
  Okay. Idc about them tho! I got mah thanx already...LoL.
 RT    !   !   !   !   ...
  Yea!!  LoL
 Told u on fb also but aye  Happy BDay gyrl!!
 RT  im  because i own a vibrator with a dolphin on it
  I started loading last week. Now i gotta learn how to load all the different destinations...they on'a different system.
  Nite
  Lets hope not. LoL. I gotta learn a new system 2day.
  Well...later on 2day.
  U good. I enjoyed it. =) Now u go ta sleep! Ima txt u 2marr.
 Kids gone be mad at me 2nite cuz bed time is gonna be EARLY!! LoL.
  Long as its afta 430 and Im at home...Im good. LoL.
  No not rlly...I cldnt sleep b4 we started tweetin. But we was tweetin so tht did keep me up.
  Haha Ikr!! Ima gt me a big ol cup of coffee n the am
  *puts head dwn * I knw
 RT  . RT  That moment of heartbreak when your crush starts dating someone else 
