 I'm pretty pissed right now
 Shit blows
 Ol head ass niggas
 This nigga make 300000 stops
 She say she never done it she say she never tried! She sitting there telling a muthafuckin lie!
 I'm off!
 Sleepy but hey its payday!
 Work at 10 though
 Tear it up
 Still up for some reason
 My nieces are so opposite,one likes cartoon network the other loves disney.
 Olympic swimming in bitches micheal/leon felps
 Daniel son crane kick
 Its funny when somebody reaches for a hug and you give em a handshake
 I love it when you give me head,I hate it when u give me headaches!
 She don't want a man she just wanna fuck
 GEORGIA MUTHAFUCKIN SOUTHERN!!!
 RT  The hardest decision of my childhood you ask? Bulbasaur, Charmander, or Squirtle
 This sucks camel dicks!
 Idk why this keeps happening
 Good morning
  yup lol
 i cant even smoke wit  right now but when 4/20 roll around its on! celebrate the come out the cooch day proudly lol
  i cant believe this lol
  bout time you on mac miller lol
 Oovoo anyone?
 Leave me the fuck alone!
 Thank you hbo
 Showin no signs of letting up
  I think that's the thing to do lol
  hahahah! Crushin their dreams
 I can't get enough of what you got!
 " How come young boys always try to get at me?"//maybe they want a sugar mama lol
 You know what I'm about
 If you woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning,TAKE YO ASS BACK TO SLEEP!
  the girbaud shirt lol
 " my roommate is a stupid fuckin cunt."/whoa! I think you need a room change lol
 My mom still talks to me when I have my headphones in,I guess she likes hearing herself talk
 Goodmorning
 RT  Imma dude, he's a dude, she's a dude we are all dudes!! Kel predicted that the  was coming!
 not directed at any of you who do though
 you think you fine on twitter nshit, but yo basic ass still takin bathroom pics!
  i would hope not lol if i am then we have a problem
  nobody lol me &  was tweet rappin lol
  yup scared me sometimes lol
  the skittles! lol
 saw my bestie  today!
 its bout time to end my tweets that rhyme, bout to get on oovoo with the girl that i call mine!
 you subtweetin me so im gone talk bout you, i had you drippin like you just got out the pool! dot dot dot swag swag!
 niggas get on twitter tryna give advice, we all know that you fucked up in real life! 
 you dirty hoe you aint think i knew i could smell yo ass from kalamazoo
 i got a girl wit highlights, she scream my name all night!
 i just sneezed achoo,big girls need love too!
 dont call me on oooo, if you look like doodoo 
 hatin ass nigga lol
 if some of yall did not have photoshop then some of yall would look like robocop
  hahahahahahahah
  oh no i wont ill go all night when i smile its bright like light  lmao
 they always complaining bout what a nigga dont do,fix yo self up and a nigga just might want you! swag! lmao
  *like
  you cant stop me im hot life coffee lmao
 girls get mad when dudes in they inbox but if they wasnt then yo ass would be in shock!
 All my tweets from here till 12 will rhyme
 you so dumb you get lost on a one way
 just seen  on the planet of the apes commercial *gets pen for autograph*
 Bitch you a nickel, you aint a dime,i take that back you a nine............swag!
 You lost yo damn mind fell off the pony like Ginuwine,swag,swag,swag,swag!
 Just a young nigga tryna get the cake, ice on my wrist brian pumper fake!
 In school I was a slacker,cheated off this cracker,now I eat crackers! Do you want some snack bruh?
 Look at chris bosh neck,he look like an ostrich
 In need of some snackage
 Home is where the free food is
 Coco got a fat ass, Rick ross..fat ass dot dot dot swag swag lol
 RT  NICK, NICK, NICK, NICK, NICK, NICK, NICK, NICK, NICKELODEON -- Retweet if you sang the song when you read this tweet.
  what channel is this on?
 With the bullshit miss me
 RT  RT  Folk who pop off on Twitter....
 Busy day at work
 Biyyaaahhhhh!
  lol we hear that from yall all the time
 The nanny was fine
  you aint lying lol
  where u stayin next year?
 Eyes so low I might as well keep em closed
 Gimme a mazaltov cocktail and make it hot
 Nod ya head to the flick of my lighter
 I'm tryna live it like no other nigga ever lived it
 Everybody wanna be part of something but aint makin something of their own
   She a brail model or sumn lol
  he mustve changed his major lol
     lmao especially syd!
 Watchin service online is so convenient
  fasho you kno we gotta turn up!
  the 13th. U coming back aint it?
   been on the inspirational tip lately lol
 Attention! You do not I repeat YOU DO NOT have to front for twitter nobody cares!
  lmao
  its ur twitter! Tweet what you want!
  lol we gettin some ice cream when we go back too lol
  hell we shoulda took all the jello lol
 RT  S/O to everybody that was drunk last night
     and fucked up
     lmao. His face when james came back was hilarious
 Damn lol no more liq for him
 Southbridge is big af
 You gotta fuck with it
 You smell like hot dirt!
 Yall do know that females can be just as bad as dudes
 Still wearin matchin outfits huh & walkin down victory...cool lol 
 Somebody gone be my victim!
 I flips this muthafucka like a mattress wit a pee stain!
 You knee high & I be on my fi fy fo fum!
 Can taxi drivers get speeding tickets?
 She say what's a pussy pumper..want a demonstration?
 Even wit a noose nigga still can't hang
 If u haven't seen the skittles commercial on worldstar you missing out on some serious comedy
 Fine wine
 RT  Final destination 5 a must see
 Ima need boo to learn how to learn play the violin
 Meet at the pier. Ok cool!
 Can  play the violin?
 I wish I had a sword that did that
 thunder thunder thunder!!
 First thing I do when I get back to the boro is break the bed in!
 Pooler all day!
 i guess he did one to many hand claps and said his last aye bay bay
 damn she must be really mad
 anybody know what happened to hurricane chris?
  i txtd u miss lady
 sham wow!
 back then sandwiches was dinner nshit
  330 prolly
  but yo ass aint got back up lol
  u comin tomorrow?
  not again lol the mean is back
  lmao
 I'm actin up tonight
  that shit kicked yo ass lol
  cuz that hit was more than u could take lol
 My ace boon coon trey aint tap out like   on the bong
  you gone do it again lol
 Look at cuzzo loving
 Legs shakin nshit
  man that shit was hilarious
  shoooot yea!
  lol for you
 I had fun today but even more tonight!
  all u did was sleep and eat lol
 I feel like being bad! Sorry boo!
  hahahaha! Duh. Yo gullible ass
  throw some my way
  hahahaha
  lmao
 middle name i cant remember shit when i smoke lmao 
 yall leave my lil brother alone lol
 I keep a smile on boo face
 Hmmm I wonder why
 Mission accomplished!
 I wanna eat too!
  send some followers my way!
 Had fun with the fam
 RT  We're getting everyone on the  in 10 minutes! Tell a friend to tell a friend by retweeting! Don't you want 100+ ...
 Ran around the neighborhood this morning
 Wtf is up!?
 Knowing is half the battle. The other half is kicking ass
 Who wanna run wit me tomorrow?
  man I been sweating & drinking & I'm still not clear lol
 NF  wats good!
  man! I'm tired of fuckin water lol
 RT   when you accidentally favorite something you meant to RT and they think you a stalker
  lol go to worldstar & watch the video
 You know what happens to women that don't suck dick...they go to hell
  fuck pandora!
 everybody needs to watch this  funny af!
 RT   rage passes quickly, but the stinging of their words often remain.
  same thing im saying
 you talkin bout me?
 thats what music has come to be
 and imma stick my whole dick in her!
  im not dealing with you lol
 its hot as a jalapeno coochie outside!
  bored but alive lol
 ready for the rest of this time to fly by
  yea lol
 fat girl eat what you want!
 Your really breakin my balls here
  I might ima let u know tonight
  bout 1030 or 11
  damn lol
  lol ok
  wake up in the morn nigga!
  i aint doing shit
  wyd tonight?
  u can thank me later
  if you dont pay those parking tickets they will boot your car
 RT   We ratchet as fuck down here so dont let the eagle alert scare you about 3 5'11 black males with dread ...
 hahahahahah feelin left out lol
   you better get to all you can eat breakfast lakeside early or all the french toast will be gone
 RT   grill-Wednesday, rudy's or platinum-thursday, house party-Friday, wherever everybody talkin bout- Saturday,  ...
 Heyyy Mrs.Parker!!!
  hmu when u get there
 RT   Yeah high school may have been a breeze, but don't expect that to continue...its higher education for a ...
  im bout to run around this boring neighborhood
 Some ppl shouldn't be allowed behind the wheel of a car
 Traffic should be nonexistent
 RT  Well we reached 1800. RT this if you're participating with us on the  today! (We want a lot of retweets)
 You should be rollin up by now
 I am in love with  !
 Right after the head I tell em I gotta leave cuz I gotta stay sucka free
 Starlito!
 You want it gone try it just know that its suicide
 Damn Ma!
 Drugs do this to me-fabolous ft paul cain & broadway
 Good night- ft Fat Trel
 If you don't have  new mixtape then u definitely don't know anything about hip hop
 They like krizzle wat ya gonna say
  K.R.I.T
 Even gucci broads say I kept it way too G
 Bow wow>Lil B
 RT  Instead of being called Twitter it should be called Sneak dissin cause that's all people do they just don't put a na ...
 Cinnamon Challenge>Bow Wow
 Meg from Family Guy>Bow Wow
  thank you lol
 50 tyson>Bow Wow
  can i get a smile once in a while? lol i cant have an angry wife hahaha
 ima need  to smile for a change she always tweetin angry shit lol
  yea
 Up but I go to work at 10 smh
 RT  RT  RT   You're still AWAKE!  never sleeps!
 RT  The lady from the nanny has a really nice shape 
 Bestie being gay again smh lol
 Lookin better than lisa ray in a white thong!
 Its cadillacin'
  mornin bestie!
 Goodmorning
 Let's see how things are in the future
 Yea the windows clear as day but we fuck like its 8%
  yes is it lol all that break food
  add me stevelaflare
 First thing I'm doing when I get home is downloading  
  better go get that chicfila out your teeth lol
 I can hear the clock ticking....
  I was bout to say they on the come up lol
  I see that was a throwback that my folks play lol
  foreal?
  what u know bout that lol
  no problem
  I didn't even see this my bad I had my phone in my pocket sorry bout that
  .380
 Still thinkin bout the rooftop
 RT  Last Summer Was dope, This Summer Is ....... Blame Global Warming.
 Goodmorning
 Seems like Everybody in newport cuts their grass at the same time
 Mama ya son gone find his way
 I get up
  tRtgtttTyttTRtrYttrrrtrtyt
  very high maam
 Sittin on the rooftop gettin highed up. Me & 
 This true blood season is good!
 I was higher than ever last night
 No more copper village
  still cleaning & moving
 " My top lip swollen like af.. Damn them kiwis I ate earlier//you lookin like hitch lmao
  ill be in newport for a year then they moving again
  I already moved in...
  I'm already here -_- I live here now
  ....FUCK NEWPORT!!!!!!!!!
 Fuck newport
  yessss!!!
  did u have the beach thing yesterday?
  I'm coming bestie lol
 Never thought I'd say this but I want an iphone
 All  do is sleep! She hasn't gotten up yee
 Kush clouds blowin out nembis
 Planet hoppin wit wendy
 That lil b shit fucking sucks!
 On the way my nig
 All I can do is smh at some of the things artist try to pass off as music these days
  lil wo from the N.O.!
 Gettin highed up today
 RT  RT  We miss you Larry! Much love to the Brown Family, and our angel Larry.
 Good morning
 Fuck em ion trust none
 Why hate on ppl
 This fuck ass neighborhood
  that shit just blew me lol
 Can't even smoke outside my house anymore fuckin sheriff stay two houses down
 My back is starting to hurt
 Well I guess I gotta get used to this house
  postpone lol
  called jordans room lol
 2 dope boys in a cadillac
 This nigga stankin!
 Wish they hurry up
 lemme word this right
  in the boro too? damn we going planet hoppin!
 so ill end this with a fuck you & have a nice day
  you watchin house party?
  i had a dream somebody boiled pizza lol
 i hope  dont mind that contact she bout to get lol
 its my dawg birthday  highed up
 boiled pizza though?
 sure is boo!
 After 12 I'm not answering
 I just wanna love you baby!
 Micheal Knight,Micheal Knight,Micheal Knight
  I was hoping somebody would finish it lol
 Hope to catch me slippin by being freaky but baby plz let me be the first to tell you that's its not that easy
 Hope to cay
 Up early kinda pissed
 had a great day with the bestie & a better night with the gf 
 RT  I most definitely gotta have a pool in my backyard..
 Sanford and Son! *starts to whistle*
  why not? Lol
 RT  froot looops <<<<
  lol
  I'm broke till friday lol
  ummmmm lol
 Trust issues
 " I slated the fuck out Chris for tryin me, ask  shit was crucial
 You know who I am ho!!
  idk why
  I tried to tell you
 Four hoes walkin by me in the mall lookin like 1011 lmao
  not a thing miss lady
  hahhahhahah
  whoop! swag *lil b voice* lmao
 2000 & Beyond
 they live another life on twitter
  you know you gonna be the first person I come see when I get back!!
  working. Can't come back broke lol
  I'm pretty good. Ready to start school lol
 i gotta do a really good job on this
  bahahahaha!!!
  ga southern is the real gsu lol
  shoot yea lol
  ill try my best to make that happen
  shoot no! lol
   shoot yea!
 yay eating  i mean with  and my bestie! lol
  yup!
  lol not the face
  yea
  are you coming to gsu?
  its cool though but you need to get on that cinnamon toast crunch
  smh lol
  well share the wealth lol
   ok anywhere i can eat for 9.74$ lol
  no prob
  we drinkin the milk lol
  yea for ppl who wear diapers lmao
  its ok baby lol
    but we will be knockin at your door for breakfast lol
  you dont like french toast?!
  me too lol
  you always doing something...makin me feel like a bum lol
  that old ppl cereal lol
  
  ok me too, is it gonna rain though?
 you yellow livered swine hook-Yosemite Sam
 looney toons!
  i know lol ima think of something!
    we gotta get it how we live lol
  lol what you been up 2?
  yay my bestie finally has time for me! lol
  well if you got toast, i got cinnamon and chocolate milk lets do this!
  ok
  i got chocolate milk cuz!
 survey says cinnamon toast crunch!
  no you didnt
  i got cinnamon if you got the texas toast
  sup young thuggin!
  then how tf u gonna make french toast lol
  which do you guys prefer cinnamon toast crunch or lucky charms?
  you got cinnamon?
  yea anything you want in it or around it?
  shit yea!
  hahaaha! im not starting wit you lol
 days like this i miss   and lani (i cant remember her twitter name)making breakfast
  *sniffs* Im coming!!! lol
  im bout to do some amazing shit with whatever is in here lol
 in more ways then one for me!
  damn lol i hope you got some jelly
  im thinkin bout breakfast lol
 RT  Ain't taken no more losses
 RT  Tryna Stack My Bacon Up I need Extra Cheese!!
  damn!
 Trey only sings when he is drunk,high or he fuckin wit somebody..i wonder which one it is
  you know im counting lol
  what yall got in the kitchen lol
 anybody wanna bring me some strawberry cream cheese toaster strudels?
 RT  Ain't nothing wrong with sayin "ova dey" (-_-)t
 i can watch sanford and son all day
 RT  Wake up drunk go to sleep fucked up-  theme song lol
  yup!
  wow trey lol
 i hope trey aint drunk this early lol
  1+1 is 2 lol
  me too, what u tryna do?
  aight
