 Chest hurtin o.O
 So full . Cant breathe
 & a reciept for sum else too but idk what
 Sooo i just found a receipt ... For my surprise dorm tv ..... & i loove it :) lol i aint gon say i know tho lol
 Cheetahs are sexy ;)
 & bk gon take forever im sure . They slow af .
 Hungry
 I jus feel like imma have my pzone today tho . Before pizza hut closes .
 Dap tlkn bt she not hungry but i called out every place in selma & she said " i dont want nun from there " til i said BK -_-
 If you are one of those ppl that only promo or rt ppl .... You have been unfollowed
 But idk how big they are & ion wanna still be hungry ....
 Nvm ! Im gettin a Pzone :) lol
 YESSSS
 Then again ... I want BK ......
 Boy come to me ..  let me turn your rain into sunshine :)
 The clutchnicity of this food :)
 I want a baja & chicago dog w/ a peach tea & chilli cheese tots BAOW :)
 So what should i tell Dap to bring me home to eat ? I think Sonicssss
 Niggas dnt appreciate my random lyrics .
 Maddy just been sleep all mornin ... She'll wake up & roll over then go back to sleep
 Lmao this leopard sneezed on his hand
 Im hungry !
 I have my own city :)
 Baby come & get up on it , show me that you really want it ! I wanna be the one to love you baby , lets go !
 Play w/ me on Words With Friends ! - JuicyyLaDee :)
 Changing ringtones ! Any requests ?
 Soo i put my phone on loud & forgot about these ringtones
 You comin at me wrong . " Baby ? " ... " Bae ? " .... My bf dnt even call me that . TAKE A SEAT .
 Chilllleeee
 S/o to that txt that woke me up...... & put me back to sleep 
 Hey yall :)
 Mkay ... Goodnight fr tho :) *say your prayers !
 I wonder who gon wake me up tomorrow tho ? Hopefully they wont jus be like "hey/gm " those wake up txts send me back to sleep lol
 Finna K.O .
 Yawwwwnnn
 Wth do YALL got goin on ? ?
 The jetsons :)
 Like really -_-
 Powpow !
 <~ TheMove.com
 If type " yew " instead of " you " ... I dont take you seriously .
 This b* is lyin bout her crib , she livin w/ her nigga ! Everytime im over , she hidin all his pictures ...
 Soooo you mad ? I care . I really do -_- lmao
 <~  duhh
 He like to call me b a e ... * jigs *
 Everybody wants something pretty to look at :)
 Kickin ass & talkin ish on Words With Friends lol
  creeper .
 -_-
  bye .
 *blank stare*
 Welll i thought that was me ... But ... Its definitely not * throws up hands *
 Ohh , so THATS why you aint been payin me no mind . Cute
 My fiance shall propose to me w/ a cute fuzzy animal involved & a BIG AHH RING ... :)
  lmaoooo ew . Thats G R O S S .
 I been watchin NatGeo Wild for the past 3 hours
 SOMEBODY please kill  .... & bury her in a green casket for me please . THANKS ! Lol
  lmao i knt help it !
  oh jesus lol
 Maaannn i woulda let that babboon have that dusty ahh reebok lol
 Im definitely feelin it tho :) it fits !
 Guess my new favorite color is green now :)
 Mannn i can outrun an alligator .
 Definitely never talkin to Sofa again . He was mean to me . I didnt even do nothin ! Some friend ... Hmph
 Somebody play w/ me on Words w/ Friends .... JuicyyLaDee :)
 Sometimes i scroll down my tl & be like " Ho . " lol
 I love animals .
 & my hair has grown out ... But these ends need trimmin .
 My edges always be curly .
 Now i want food . That'll make me feel better .
 >_<
 They send one thing sayin everything is paid for , then they send something else sayin it aint .
 Bc i surely can't catch one .
 A *break* would be nice .
 I am gonna be baldheaded before i even get to school .
 I jus wanna cry .
 Stressed .
 Not in a very good mood ...
 If anybody needs me .... Im in my bed asleep .
 Im jus finna go to sleep , yall aint no help !
 Sleepy af .
 Dang .... Imma have to pack up my life (clothes) in the next few weeks ....
 Im tryna keep myself up .... :( somebody help ....
 Hair done .
 Mama made breakfast :)
 I keep poppin all these bones ... I jus popped my wrist ... O.o
 If its finna storm .... On my Granny im finna be dead sleep lol
 Thick ahh hair .
 Now i gotta take my flatiron all the way thru my roots ... This ish is finna take a good 2 hours
 He must miss school bc he been tlkn bt it alot .
 A perm would be clutch af . It is definitely needed .
 I dont feel like it .... But i know i cant stay like this
 Oh well , i suppose i will get up & do something to my hair .... Uggggghhhhhhhh
 I just need to sleep today , bc i havent been gettin ANY sleep .
 & jahvis woke me up ....
 & taco bell is gone :'(
 Im sleepy af
 Im so tired .
 Everybody needs to listen to 4 . End of discussion
 Lord , please enlighten my bf of the one & only Beyonce . He is LOST in the world ....
 *faints* ......... He jus asked where i got the lyrics from .... Im offended . How dare he not know the signature lyric from 1+1
 Don't do it Dee ... He not gon know how to respond to the TEA you finna serve .
 He aint ready for Bey tonight ... HE AINT READY .
 One minute im effin up , next minute you love me ... Smh lol
 He is bipolar lol
 ? ? What did i do now ? Dang i get fxcked EVERYNIGHT . I cant win .
 I aint stayin up til 5 tonight either ..... Nigga was actin like he was too good for phone sex .... Gtfoh ! Lmaaaooo
 They do themost.com
 Then pass out on the phone O.o .
 Im stealin yo friends anyways ! Bwahaha
 Ppl always call me when they leave the club .... Like i be carin lol
 Luxe did numbers tonight ! ( i was there in spirit ) lol
 My WWF is so dumb ... Like really -___-
 Yeahhh i feel like laughing ... Time to get on youtube & watch  :)
 Luckily i got hella bb chargers :)
 Oh eff me :/ my charger gon break in the next two days ...
 Racks !
 I hope that wasnt directed at me lol ... Lets not talk about who BTL *side eye*
 Bust in on that ass & get mased . Lmao ... 
 I had food , where it went , idk .
 Hmph
 Some waters should not be tested .
 Everybody havin sex w/ everybody b4 they leave for school . Ish aint a secret bc i know somebody thats runnin thru em lmao
 Bc he doin the same thing ....
 I slick think he know ... But dont care lol
  gets all of em tho lol
 Like everybody knows , but you dont think so situations lol
 You dont see certain sides on fb that you do twitter !
 You know , its the ppl that you DONT expect thats always hoe'n around
 Im just saying !
 Guys say SO much w/ 3 words : " I love you ; ride my face ; the condom broke ; yo parents home ? & my list goes on & on lol
 Boy you aint said NOTHIN . Them 3 words ..... Lmao
 I laugh when ppl say " TWAT " .
 I just love beer ... But i gotta have a straw bc im a lady .
 Anybody know where i can get some roofies ? Or ecstasy ? ..... Im tryna get my rape kit together
 The music in porn be the shiznit .
 Aye .... Frfr .. this movie aint bout nuthin .
 RT   is attuned to the subtle signals, unspoken feelings and needs of a partner, while  (cont) 
  triiccckkkk .
 I feel like dancinnn
 <3 <3
 SQUUUIIIRRRTTTTT lmao
 HORNGRY . lol .
 Madison is barkin in her sleep
 B* talk slick , imma have to terminate her .
 <~ Yawning .
 RT  I would imagine you hard as fuck to find after sundown.  <~ LMAO
 Ugghhh i want something sweet
 Slick sleepy tho ...
 Trying to manage my money lol
 Getcha swagger right , if you wanna push up on a girl like me
 My roots are toooo thick .
 I reaally could go for taco bell
 Eh ... Lol
 Tryna make these plans .....
 ;)
 I should be flatironin my hair BUT ... Nahhh lol
 Target >
 My baby is knocked out
 Im so weak lmfao ... Now im finna go eat spaghetti :)
 :)
 Starting over ...
 I could cut off all my hair & have a nice sized natural afro . Lol
 Anybody wanna flatiron my hair ? ..... Pleaassee :)
 Let me stop pussyfootin around lol
 What is a facebowl ? Lol
 " Jarvis akafutureakadatincredible James wants to be your friend on Facebook " lmao
 Mkay i's fenta warsh mah hurr . Lol
 RT  My mama over here taking deuanna side ,<~ idk what you talkin bout but yayyy :) i love her , she be feelin me lol
 Bruh .... Imma be 3 pissed if i gotta flatiron my thick ahh hair .
 Eventually .
 Gettin up & washin my hair ...
 Hey yall :)
 If i cannot drink while upset , i eat ... ALOT . It'll catch up w/ me soon enough
 Whatever that means .
 To be young & in love
 & if i don't get married , nobody was good enough .... Or dead :)
 I have a checklist for all the things my husband will be ... & im only disclosing the prerequisites to ONE person . Watch how i get him .
 Would you live for me ? Would you die for me ? Are we in this together ? 
 Im tired of playing
 P O W E R
 You're the only one cus i dnt trust these b*s.
 Trust issues ...
 Lil ahh alligator
 I wanna go fishing !
 Im not dancin lol
 Ayyyeee
 Im really walkin thru the house singib that ...
 You'll never *see me cry .
 Dap made chicken & dumplings ... But i think im about to fix chow mein instead :)
 I have a sweet tooth :)
 Are you Clarissa Darling ?
 Weave out :)
 Eh .... What to do , what to do ....
 I wanna make things right but gahlee , chasing after ppl EVERY TIME something happens .... It shouldnt have to be like that !
 IIIIIII ...... DROPPED THE SCRRREEEWWWWW .... IN THE TUNNAAAA !
 i needed to see that .
 RT   you need to remember that just because you numb it or dont address it doesnt mean its not there.<~ !!!!!!!!!!!
 I think imma do the list & save it in my drafts .
 I know i TRY & when others don't i get mad .
 While i was takin my hair down , i really thought about makin that list .... But what good would it do if its not gonna be read .
 RT  Throwing away your pride. Sharing your emotions. Giving your all. All for nothing. 
 My hair is sooo nasty ...
 Everybody talks to God differently . Just bc i don't sound like T.D Jakes when i pray , doesnt mean he doesnt HEAR me .
 If you have txt me w/i the past two days & asked " whats wrong ?" I apologize for the 5 pg txt i sent you lol
 I should make a list of all my underlying issues & problems  ..... Idk what good that would do tho
 50/50 my ass . Lol
 If you wanna talk to De'Uanna ... You would TALK TO DE'UANNA .
 Yall can unfollow at anytime .... You think imma notice you're gone ? It wont even cross my mind !
 90's nick gon have me up all night
 I laugh bc you sent me that duck ass txt message .
 You know , i asked ....
 I'm hungry .
 You playin .
 Joe Cool ... :)
 That's definitely not gonna be no time soon tho ....
 Next time around , im doin it RIGHT .
 Lmfao at American Dad
 Childish
 I heard  been actin like an asshole . Definitely not gon talk to him for a while . I want my feelings spared lol
 New people , new places :)
 I'm ready to start over .
 She be gettin mad when my family asks me am i ready to leave & i say yes . There's no reason for me to wanna stay . Except Maddy .
 Dap comin at me wrong ... I was just like " well i'll be gone in 3 WEEKS anyways " *continues txtn*
 Things are so ironic .
 I just don't have anything to say .... Im trying to " get my ish togetha . !!! " ..
 Oh ... Is that so ?
 Like really ...... Why ?
 Serious question : if you are a heavy girl w/ a sad stomach ...... Why is your bellybutton pierced ?
 This bar is longer than my piercing bar
 I slick feel that way now . Lok
 RT  If Toya was on divorce court tomorrow, all yall would be like fuck marriage<~ if they dnt make it , LOVE AINT REAL lol
 Y'all .... My new growth is the length of my pinky lmao
 I aint had a twister set since like ... 10th grade tho lol
 This weave comin out TONIGHT . Until my hair appt i will be  .
 Mkay RNS i miss my hair . :(
 Mkay .... Now im waiting on a txt .... & all that :)
 I jus wanna know why Toya brother's  weren't at her wedding . Especially Walter . SHE WAS AT HIS .
 If you dont wash your hands after you use the bathroom .... You are DISGUSTING .
 One day ....... One day !
 Im happy for them :)
 Toya is GORGEOUS .
 Even though im unhappy with certain situations , other things have never made me smile THIS hard
 Its nice to be around positive people .
 I just don't get along w/ negative ppl ....
 My mother is a very bitter person . *rolls eyes*
 How do ppl talk w/ a toothpick in their mouth ?
 I feel myself cryin lol ... Yall know i cry at weddings
 I love toyas theme song
 Oh snizzap
  :)
  Pretty Little Liars !
 RT  I miss my boo thang  <~ imy too hottness <3
 Everybody on PLL is screwed up .
 Never have i ever ....
 Its not 9 yet ? Geez !
 ^_^
   lmao !
  i dont think that in my situation it would be safe to drink lol we gon get up b4 i leave tho
   id hate to have to add yall to my ex friends list . My ex friends live unhappy lives lol
  im over heere *jumps up & down* ! !
 Guess ill stay up for 
 Because of loud ass colleen .
 Everytime i nap its only an hr long ....
   :) yes u shall !
 Like frfr ...
 I don't have anything to say .
 Wtf was he doin ? That dance was ugly lol
  well you don't tweet enough :P
 I shall be watchin born to dance
 Gettin sleeeepy
 I wanna see the the movie w/ the angry monkeys !
 I am emotionally numb lol
 I dont even know you
 Is Terrance on somethin ?
 This video is sad :(
 Oh how i WISH .
 I did NOT kno he was half asian ....
 Terrance is so BLAH today
 I live for his hat tho
 I hope i have bet at south . Lol
 Tyga <3
 Baby don't break my heeeart
 Diggy Simmons , will you be my cut buddy ? ..... :)
 Why bend over backwards ?
 I don't be mad at ppl ... I just be chillin .
 Half the time i just don't feel like *starting conversations .... So i don't ! You may call it actin funny , but i call it CHILLIN .
 Toya is tonightttt :)
 Don't prolong the ish .
 Im weak on the inside lol
 Oh really ? ..... Is that so ? ... Hm ... Proceed .
 I can't take The Game seriously ... Nigga be whining .
 I ain't gon miss out on nothin
 Almost time for my nap ! Yeed :)
 MAYBE HE HAS TATTOOS BUT THEY ARENT VISIBLE ....
 Ace too black to not have tattoos .
 Hustle Hard & Go N Get It = Same Song .
 Ughhhhh
 Dang i REALLY wanna take this out
 I aint takin it outta this lil ball either
 Gahlee dap ... Will you puhlease hurry ? Im sick of this weave
 This chow mein is finna go liiiivveee ! Pow !
 Hungry again
 Baby im the best .
 You're so gay & you dont even like boys
 Is fondue good ?
 I love to bake :)
 Hmph :)
 Im not mad at anybody . But ppl always assume i am !
 I'm too old to run up behind ppl ; Which is why i don't have the same friends i used to have .
 If you wanna be in my life , get your ass off your shoulders & ACT LIKE IT .
 I don't have to come home , my life is in Mobile .
 Ppl think im just gonna be around forever . Newsflash : in 3 weeks i dont have to be tied to anyone seein as im off on my own .
 Spaghetti on dizzeck !
 RT  In the heat of an arugument  still hold you to your words because they only say what they mean & mean what they say.
 It doesn't take much effort to contact me . I got a twitter , i check my Facebook , some of everybody got my number ... Its easy .
 RT  No one else can make me feel like you do so with you, I share my world -   thought
 Please ... If you gon come .... Come correct.
 PrinceCharming huh ? .... I KNOW thats right .
 Sooo dap need to gon head & make this move ... 4real doe * in my pooh pooh voice * lol
 RT  RT  Don’t waste your time on someone who does not appreciate you the way you should be appreciated.
 You're my James Dean , you make me feel like im 17 . You drive too fast & smoke too much....
  .... Lmao ghetttoooo
 Top 3 in the state BOO . Play . :)
 RT  Getting into trouble will never be something new to a 
  curtains , blinds & a tv . Lol
 Kids say the darndest things
 I love how relevant you think you are . Take a seat PLEASE .
 This is definitely not the time lol
 Ppl always come at me sideways ... Smh . Try again .
 I start school extra late . Lol
 Im elated to not have to go back to highschool ! I hope y'all make the most of your sr year . It shall FLY by
 Its one way in the beginning & changes soon after
 Im leaving in 3 WEEKS !
 *Thinking .
 In the bed txtn one of my favs :)
 Ohhhhhhhhh ! Is that so ?
 Happy :)
 ^_^
 GM yall :) i woke up in the BEST mood !
 About to say my prayers , & go to sleep w/ a smile :)
 But if its not ... Thats great too . Whatever is best for ME .
 If this is it ... *nods head in complete agreeance* ..mhmm
 Im really wondering if THIS is my sign i asked for .... I shall ask .
 It's so perfect ....
 You snooze , you lose .
 I can't go to sleep w/ dap in here....
 Kinda tired but this convo is givin me life lol
 Honesty is the best policy .
 Make A Wish :)
 I guess its good that i know my flaws so i can fix em ... Im trying now but im definitely not doing this by myself !
 I go to the mall w/ my *BOO , he said " You can get THAT ... Matter fact get TWO " ;)
  OH NOW ! lol
 EVERYDAY I BALL ... What about you ? ?
 Im from the SOUTHSIDE , what about you ? Middle finger in the air , I DO WHAT I DO .
 De'Uanna is cool af :)
 Watchin Miami Ink w/ Dap
 All That :)
 :-B <~ buck toothed lol
 Beets are gross tho .
 I just feel like there's ABSOLUTELY NO REASON  i shouldnt have a smile on my big ol face !
 Ish just got me w/ that blank stare ..... Well my eyes are glazed over but im still smiling :)
 That " communication " talk was pointless . Clearly . Smh lol
 Sending kisses down my TL :)
 Dap keep givin me the side eye bc my phone vibratin loud af lol
 Slick .
 I looooove the sharpie commercial :) so sweet
 Oohh s/o to the crackhead swervin in the lanes over the bridge . Your hand signals were wrong asshole .
 Woop woop woop !
  had a dog named PorkChop
 Doug !
 He also cut , ate , & swallowed the meat lmaaaaoo
 Aye y'all Sofa car make a weak ahh noise when he lock it lmaaaoo (  )
 This smile shall NOT be moved :)
 When i need you , ya make everything STOP . Finally , you put my love on *top* !
 Guys who smell good >>>
 Kel kinda reminds me of Sisqo
 RT  It's a big difference between Having Sex & Making Love. Anyone can have sex, but only lovers can make love.
 RT  RT  It's not a myth. The leg shake is real. If it's not shaking, you didn't kill (cont) 
 Kenan & Kel :)
 Waiting up :)
 RT  Boy you'll bee the death of me, You're my Jimmy Dean, So big I need Vaseline.<~ weaaaaakkk lmfao
 Omg i remember this episode lol
 Kel looked a lil " zesty " back then ...
 Def dont wanna see the smurfs doe
 RT  RT  Sometimes the best way to get someone’s attention is to stop giving them yours.
 I watch ren & stimpy like every night tho lol
 He slick got a box braid bob -______- lmao
 All That :)
 Oh lmao i do have TeenNick lmao 181
 He said im HOTT ... I just think im fine ;)
 Yeed
 C O C O L O S O wasteddd
 Reason i got channels into the 6000's ... But NAN one is TeenNick -_-
 JUDASSSS JUD-AAA AA !
 My phone jus went from vibratin alot ... To bein quiet ... Hm ... *checks to see if my msg sent*
 &  's tweets are makin me :) lol
 So  has me dyin over here w/ Bad Romance .
 I took my running shoes off a long time ago .
 When i get an apartment , im getting another dog for Maddy to play w/ :)
