 Heading out to get the car washed.
 RT  That awkward moment when you have a thousand tabs open and one starts talking. "CONGRATULATIONS. YOU WON!" 
 NEW art blog about my drawing of  is posted but 50% written. Please enjoy while I add more. 
 Just drew the line art for my co-worker's wedding photo. Can't post it online yet as its a surprise for his wife.  
  to K-Pop
 And no, I don't scrub the bathrooms AT the gym. Just to clarify.
 I sweat just as much scrubbing the bathroom as I do at the gym!
 Getting ready to post a new art blog showing MORE coloring of  But first, I'm cleaning the bathroom.
 LOL  Friday Parody Now lets rap in parseltongue!!!  
 RT   Friday Parody is almost at a million views!  Can we make it?  Only with your help! RT- 
 Eroticus9, have you ever been there  
 I also want to be in  bathroom. I love the marble. 
 I want a hug from 
  guy, whats scissor doors on a car? 
 I love BOTH  AND 'old'  guy!! I'm so torn!! 
 Can  or  guy give me advice on how to deal with a difficult boss? 
  itsa  fun marketing ploy! I love it 
 How long is old  guy going to stare!?  LOL at the hairbrush 
 Forget staring match, old  man vs  THUMB WAR!
 I want  to do MY dishes! 
 Will  record voicemail messages like 'old'  man? I'd love to have that on my phone!! 
 I want to see a walk off between the two  men!!! 'Old" oldspice man refused!  Neither will Fabio! :(
 I want my boyfriend to be an  graduate!
 "Blah blah blah" LOL "Blah Blah boring face"   
 Had a crappy day, but watching the videos of 'old'  guy vs Fabio 
 dear  men, show us ladies your fashionista side and have a walk-off on the catwalk!
  Is Old Spice guy and Fabio going to have a good old fashioned motherf*cking walk-off to proove who is the best?? 
 watching videos for the   
  GO OLD OLD SPICE GUY wiTH YOUR NIGHT VISION TOPHAT!!!
  I'm part time, three years older than her & been in the business three years more than her, and she just wont leave me alone!
  Just need to know how to handle her when she wont stop bullying/criticising me. I broke down crying yesterday  work
  I need advice! How to I handle a "Queen Bee" boss who's relentless and awful? Can't find any good info on the 'net!
 My allegiance is torn between  &  How can a woman line me choose?!?!  
 RT  Ha ha ha. When the foreign-haired joke man said he's better than me I laughed so hard 4 trees exploded. Bravo Italian joke ...
 RT  What should I do about you  I’ll check back in an hour after I’ve finished teaching this exotic sports car ...
 RT  Ladies we are become passionate internet everywhere. You add to Pretty Ladies Fabio Likes on plus Google gplus.to/Ne ...
 RT  Fabio tweets to you as he crawls on the floor like a panther in love
 RT  Want the proofs of what is making me the best New Old Spice Guy of ever? Look at this muscle flex. Wow. So huge. Yes ...
 RT  FROABSROTFL Fabio rolling on a bear skin rug on the floor laughing. 
 Chicken pot pie, cream spinach, corn bread... Yes this is Boston Market nom noms
 Sitting outside of the Safeway w/a nearly empty large pizza box, a water bottle, and my bag waiting to be picked up.
 RT  Do you have a  Would you like to keep it? Check out the new  called: How To Keep Your Job ...on Amazon http:/ ...
  Beaches, also my all-time favorite movie starring the epic 
 Today's schedule: file nails and people watch
 Excelsior!!
 Station!!
 Kyoooot.
 "I've never tweeted, or twatted, or even twitterpated, but I want to be twiterpated!" quote my coworker
  I know, right! I wonder who'll invent it first: Google, Facebook, Microsoft, or Apple
  run the case under really hot water. It helps take the stickers off cleanly. Works for ikea price tags on my bowls.
 I credit  with getting me into these Starbucks bottled drinks.
 Aromatic? Nay! Romantic!!
 Starting my day off right w/ aromatic send off from the BF and a 13.7 ounce vanilla frap coffee drink! 
  and thank YOU for joining me for a year! You're going to LOVE France!! Next stop: Austrailia!
  oh and I'm already putting together your birthday present of awesomeness!
  but Im excited for you, plus I think Kacie can bring it up to the next level!! Good luck girls!!
  I'm excited for you to take the big leap to the next big thing (FRANCE!!) I'm sorry that I'm not able to join you...
  Aww, thanks for giving me cred for helping  open up to new experiences! Im so glad that you're helping her do MORE!!!
 Just got back from the gym. Another work day, but hopeful that i'll get an update post up showing more work on  portrait!
 They tried to make me go to rehab and I said No, No, No. RIP 
  always said she feared she'd be a member of the 27 Club, like Janis Joplin & Jimi Hendrix. Well, her fear came true. RIP dear.
  by the way, guess who is now the proud owner/user of a flat iron??? 
 So w/a teller leaving/being transferred, I hope I (1) get MORE hours & (2) get a permanent station
  did you see what I wrote about the homeless guy????
  you could go to comic con in San Diego, raise some pledges!?
  holy flaming homeless poo pants, batman!
 My dad's email this morning: " I knew you had a lot of crayons, but I didn't know you had THAT many!" re: blog post 
 Firetrucks & cops showed up here at Safeway, yet no one wanted to open an account ( lol)
 One of the employees walked out holding the burnt pants up between 2 fingers, & tossed them our back.
 Here at Safeway, a homeless man deficated himself in the bathroom & then set his poo-filled pants on fire!  
  im not sure what all the plans are. heh
  yeah..we're going to be switching to one dvd at a time and streaming, down from two dvds at a time. But keeping the blurray
  Just about anything I could watch is online anyway
  nah. Decided we didn't need it. I prefer Netflix anyway
  thats cause you have cable and stuff :P
  but its on mtv's website!
 Waiting in line at Costco for a slice of pizza. 
 Foodles break.  No, I wont be eating the crayons
 Looks almost like  is eating the pink crayon!  
 Coloring  tongue, starting w/carnation pink   
 Some of the crayons I'll be using: pink sherbert, red violet, brick red, and carnation pink  
 I decided to color in  tongue now. 
 Just finished  blue polo shirt for his rayon Portrait 
 Thanks!!!  RT   drawing looking good girl!
 I'm really loving how  now blue shirt is coming out, thanks to adding indigo blue  
 Its interesting that one cerulean blue is older than the other, and colors darker. 
 For  polo shirt, I'm using a base of Crayola's sky blue & shading w/two Cerulean blue crayons. 
 I ended up switching the colors of  shirt and background in the original photo. Blue/Green 
 If I had hundreds of helping hands, I could get many portraits done at once 
 Update photo of  portrait, now with extreme neck muscles 
 Just because I'm using cerulean blue doesn't mean  will be a smurf. Its amazing how many colors are needed to color skin.
 Adding a few touches of cerulean blue to enhance that shadow under  chin. I dont usually use blue for skin. 
  hopefully!
  With 2 days off in a row during the week, there's no distractions so  I can work and stay in the ZONE!
  By the way, I really liked your last blog entry! I enjoy keeping you in the spotlight :D
  I once colored a picture of Jack Nicholson on the beach, and made him extra burnt & toasty fo… (cont) 
  Labryinth while I scratch out highlites on  neck on my  Portrait of him. 
 Just about done with  neck, will then move to his shirt. I'm hoping I don't make him look sunburnt (I'm not using red!)
  The PF chang's sponsor link wont go away on FB haha. Its staring me in my face, so yeah, now I want the food, too.
 Im wondering  what you think about the background color. Does M&M Green suit you?  
 I'm behind a half hour thanks to a phone call from mom, but that's okay! I had to put the wet clothes in the dryer. 
  I've the base color down for the other side of your neck. About to add jungle green to the shadow. 
 I have the base color down for the other side of your neck. About to add my fav jungle green to push the shadow. 
 RT  Color cavalcade continues as  works on skin tone ! 
 Using the tan crayon even though it doesn't show up  well. I have to press hard to make the color show.  
 RT  In Soviet Union, 405 closes you.
 I'm using tan, desert sand, chestnut, goldenrod, peach, jungle green, and white for starts.   
 I'm going to continue from where I left off on my blog entry (elizagoldman.com) and finish coloring  neck.
 Right, onto working on my portrait.
 One of the Dugger girls trying to kiss a kangaroo 
 S2 Episode 3, The Duggers visit a Safari zoo park place. 
  I agree, great that they have downtime finally!
 For some reason I've "18 and Counting" on  instead of my usual Scrubs. Dare I admit I like this show, too? 
 Now that I've taken a nice long bike ride and had lunch, and get laundry in, I'm ready to rock&roll on my portrait of 
 I'm at Red Rock Coffee (201 Castro St, at Villa St, Mountain View) w/ 5 others 
 I will be spending a part of today coloring and blogging. But first,start some laundry before the neighbor hogs the machine for herself!
 New art blog! See me starting to color my portrait of   Live art blogging via twitter 7/18&19!
   :D
 And its recent, too, because you can see the triad tats 
 Woohoo Jared! Look who made it into the dailymail with a mystery date in St Tropez (with pictures!)   
 I've been shown how to use a flat iron and I LOVE it!
 I just signed up for a sweet free app Pushpins! You can save instantly on your groceries with just your iPhone. 
     DM sent, Sam
    after I'm done I'm free to take on new requests
    I've two commissions from Sara, both sexy Jared pics
 “    the one w the guitar? :D” that'd be it
 “     Love that picture!" anyone have that pic bigger to email me?
 “    LOL! is it this pic?  ” no I haven't drawn that one but I should!
 “    HAHAHAHA! wait!!! You drew it?! Lmfao!!” as part of her big Shannon drawing, yeah
    but Sam, he does have nice hair there. I loved drawing it for kim's birthday
 “ Awe shit son, buy one get one free Ponies at Toys R Us!” friendship is magic ??
    Kim, go for the armpit!!
 She just arrived to open, make-up case in hand and hair unbrushed. Glad she's not a manager.
 I'm early, but the person opening the branch is late, again. We're supposed to be opening right now.
 I'm at Wells Fargo Bank (15543 union ave, Union/los gatos-almaden, Los Gatos) 
 I'm at Safeway (15549 Union Ave, Los Gatos-Almaden, Los Gatos) 
 I'm at San Francisco Zoo Playground (2640 Sloat Blvd, San Francisco) 
 I'm at Children's Zoo at San Francisco Zoo (San Francisco) 
 I'm at Gorilla Preserve (100-232 Armory Rd, San Francisco) 
 I'm at Primate Discovery Center (1 Zoo Rd, San Francisco) 
 I'm at San Francisco Zoo (1 Zoo Rd, at Sloat Ave, San Francisco) w/ 5 others 
   I live outside of San Francisco
 “   mmm too bad!” yeah it's too bad I'm not in LA.
   I don't live in or near LA
 “  you live in CA?” I do now
 “ Twitter party?!” in my pants!
 We decide to go to the San Francisco zoo! 
  NY day just started! 
  the only preview I was truly looking forward to was the one for batman
  just saw a bright purple volkswagen beetle w/matching horse decalls! 
  good for you! I'm excited that you have others to go with & watch out for you!
  Jude law is in Hugo? Thought he was just in Sherlock Holmes
  will you just rent a car to get around or by train?
  did you like some preview using kings & queens?
  of course I'm on for Vegas! Got the weekend and the Friday prior off. We'll be looking for a hotel & flight soon
  so are you all set to go to France?? How many shows are you going to??
  hey what's up
  did you cry? I started crying 20 minutes into the start of the film
  saw  yesterday
  finally a day off on a Saturday! On yet another gorgeous drive to San Francisco
  so your 6000th tweet was a drunken one? :)
 Well that was a fail. That post office is closed on Saturdays and Sundays. 
 Yesterday I "accidentally" referred to Alcatraz as Azkaban 
 This isn't my normal post office 
 Heading to the post office to mail an envelope to 
 I'm at Quiznos (1390 Pear Ave, at Shoreline blvd, Mountain View) 
 And no, I have no idea what movie it is 
 A perfect blend of  and  Kings & Queens being used in a preview for some movie prior to Deathly Hallows
 I started coloring my large portrait of  tonight. Expect a new blog post about it tonight!  
 I'm at Chili's Grill & Bar (2560 W El Camino Real, at San Antonio Rd, Mountain View) 
 The music is so beautiful 
 I'm sitting through the entire credits out if respect of the end of an era 
 Just saw Harry Potter DH2. I cried through the entire film, & still am 
  ENJOY!
  yup!
 The east coast gets to see  in little under a half hour!
 Just came back from the movie theater. the 12:01,12:02,12:03,12:04,12:05,12:06,12:07,12:08,12:09,12:10,and 12:11am Harry Potter are SOLD OUT
 Oh...my..goodness!  1980s Coloring Book  via 
 I'm SO behind on  news. Cograts  &  on your Greecian wedding!
  our project inspired me to also document my progress on a portrait. Just to give you an idea for yours: 
 Spaghetti-Os for breakfast isn't weird at ALL.
  Also, I was commissioned for a  drawing, so you'll have me spamming you when its done with photos LOL
  I work until 5 (and it starts at 5), but HELL YES.
 So the weird guy at work is right!!  WILL be here Thursday! FREE Concert in the Park, San Jose! 
 I'm at BOARDWALK ARCADE (SANTA CRUZ BEACH BOARDWALK, Santa Cruz) 
 I'm at Amarin Thai Cuisine (174 Castro St, btw Villa & W Evelyn, Mountain View) 
 Just added two more drawings pics to my Blog post about drawing   There's a few more to add!
  Nice on the Season Pass! We went to a talk about Tyrus Wong-art director for Bambi. He was actually there 
  I filled out the Google+ entry form. I should be able to figure this out shortly. I mean, I have an in at Google, right? Lol
  OH! Guess who gets awesome discounts to the SF MOMA?? We do! 
  Yes! Come up sometime! And we'll come back down to visit again, soon! 
  Google+ says its only allowing a small group of users to test it! Is this invite only? Google+ isn't the BF's department
  I told him especially the FroYo and Gingerbread, and to show size/scale!
  Just called the BF. He said he'll snap some pics of the deserts for you to see!
  Yes!! Also cupcake. I'll call the BF and ask him to take photos before coming home!
  Oh!! Its available to sign up now?? Its no longer  ?
  They are huge, and completely in the round. I can go take photos of them for you! 
  (i hate when my "k" key sticks and I don't realize it until AFTER I tweet)
  Like "Honeycomb" (the lastest Android operating system)
  You know what you'd might lie? Seeing the different desert sculptures outside one the buildings. Each represents a 'droid OS
  Then you'll fit RIGHT in! I'm a mac/Google person who is slowly becoming more comfortable w/Android.
  That's a classy photo! The paperclip was the BF's idea. He still wants you to visit Google sometime, btw :D
  Nice! 1st time I made a how-too, too! P.S. did you see the badge/link I made for you nder the Top Affiliates links? 
  Sending you the email right now with visual instructions. Both .jog and .pdf Let me know if it came through?
  took the screencaps, putting them together now w/hopefully easy instructions!
  I'll let you know when I sent it, and hope it makes sense! 
  This is more for having a preview image posting before where it says "Read More". But I can help with that other thing, too
  i found it under Screen Options. I'm going to make a visual Step-by-Step guide. Can I email it? (will be easier to show you)
  I didn't know what Custom Fields were until a little while ago.
  Im thinking i should add some screen grabs to help explain it. Unless you know what Custom Fields and Value boxes are
  I have a new way of posting a preview image on the posts. I'll send you the How on FB, easier to explain that way.
  I know right! 
  My mom called me to tell me that she is "very, very, very proud of us"
  Here's the quick time lapse video I made! Never made one before. Thought it'd be cool to post! 
  Oh wow! Hope thats a good thing? I'm still adding "progress" iages to the latest post! I also made a really quick time lapse
 RT  Follow  and I as we discuss what goes into making art and what it's like to meet someone through the proces ...
  Aww thank you! Speaking of, working on a post right now, showing the drawing progress (Im so behind,doh)
   She runs one the best damn websites on the net!
   Guru of all things getting you a job, if you need one! Doesn't mean he'll give you one, but can advise on HOW to get one!
 YEEEEEES THANK YOU! RT   It started this week! Watch here:  
   Project Runway alum, multi-media artist, inspiration and muse of my art!
  is there a new season on Big Brother going on????? 
   even if he is grumpy
 I'm working on an even NEW NEWER art blog post to show my process of drawing  But now, a break for lunch munchies.
 Check this out! Historically Accurate Disney Princesses!  via Disneyblog  
 Want to know what blog is my current guilty obsession? 
 Thank you for all the 
 I wonder if its the same neighbor bitch who likes to wash all of her clothes every three days. 
 I snuck a few peeks between the closed blinds. 
 The neighbors are up to something outside in the parking area. Not sure what, but it involves a bicycle and white spray paint on the ground.
 New Art Blog! "My Project with Andrae: Choosing his Photo" ft. Read how I choose photos for his portrait 
 I'm at Wells Fargo Bank (15543 union ave, Union/los gatos-almaden, Los Gatos) 
 Its too warm to sleep, even in front of a blasting fan! Going to finish watching "The Kennedys" w/Katie Holmes 
 NEW BLOG ENTRY! "Dear Andrae: Musings From a Road Trip" - ft. 
  Yes, same here with meeting you! It's been an unforgettable year!
   Well since I'm not following the band on tour past Vegas, I'm relieved tht Kim wont be alone as she adventures on
   im glad you two will go together!
  Night Kim!
  Have you been to southern cali yet?
  maybe one or all three will strike it rich at a casino and be able to take a long vacation!
  I hate to say it, but as far as US shows, looks like MARS is running the Casino circuit now
  then you must be all set for any military night! Are they still doing theme nights?
  Oh I know, its just when you showed me those pages where ppl were selling the GA tix, they had REAL tickets (I think)
  Have you done any travelling besides for the band?
  That'd make it easy to sell! No paper ticket for Vegas, tho. Not sure if I should be concerned or not
   I'm putting my SoCal photos on my blog.
   Have you been elsewhere than Italy?
  Hows it going with the money fundrasing?
   I have no idea what we're doing yet for tomorrow! Fireworks and baseball would be my idea!
  DId you get a actual paper ticket for Ireland?
   I suspect, Kacie, that you'll need more passport pages soon!
   So only Kim and me will be in Vegas in September, is what I'm understanding?
   So whats going on tomorrow for you guys for the fourth?
   I appreciate the well wishes for me to be there! I've every last bit of my PTO scheduled through Xmas!
   What are you going to do about the Ireland tix, Kim?
   Go for it, Kim!
   She always wanted to go to Europe to see them!
   When?
   Whoa, Paris for both of you?
   aww man, I thought you two were doing GT together since in general admission
   kacie, you're not doing Golden Ticket?? 
  did your drawing make it to you?
  I do have an iPhone! Defiantly less bulky than carrying my travel sketch pad. Can you save the drawings pretty easily?
  I'm wondering if you're going to experiment w/short videos now that you have an iPad?
  also made a quick video from the store's iPad & uploaded it right to YouTube! Do you ever make videos at all?
  I played w/an iPad in the store, & loved the finger-drawing app (whichever one it was).
 Vacation + Website design updates = not the most punctual blogger >___<
 My apologies for jumping the gun in my over-excitement and misjudging of the time. But it WILL be there Sunday late afternoon! 
 Nut bunnies! Its approaching 2:20a & I've an early morning tomorrow. Regrettably I'll have to post my response to  on 7/3/11
   There's a thumbnail of your M&G drawing now on my page!
 I've learned 3 new HTML things tonight from working on my website. 
 Just added an awesome "secret agent" style link badge from my site to  site. He's James Bond, 007. 
 Was this from YOUR ipad?? RT  The iPad speaks 
 Currently updating my art website. I've awesome thumbnails on all the posts now!! New update TONIGHT about my project w/
 I'm at Chili's Grill & Bar (2560 W El Camino Real, at San Antonio Rd, Mountain View) w/ 2 others 
 I'm at La Mar (Pier 1½, at Washington St, San Francisco) 
 “ RT  Virginia Beach being rocked tonight by   ” 
 Watching Mad Men S3 at home. It's been a long slow boring day  work.
  Def Leppard. Damn you autocorrect
  I hope you took some amazing photos of the Def Leopard show!!
 I'm at Wells Fargo Bank (15543 union ave, Union/los gatos-almaden, Los Gatos) 
 I'm at Safeway (15549 Union Ave, Los Gatos-Almaden, Los Gatos) 
 Dinner w/my sweetie ( Googleplex w/ 3 others) 
 I'm at Googleplex (1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, at Charleston Rd, Mountain View) 
 I'm at Safeway (15549 Union Ave, Los Gatos-Almaden, Los Gatos) 
 I'm at Wells Fargo Bank (15543 union ave, Union/los gatos-almaden, Los Gatos) 
 I just ousted DJ Josh P. as the mayor of Wells Fargo Bank on  
 I'm at Subway - Shoreline (1477 Plymouth St  off Shoreline Blvd, Mountain View) 
 Nicest staff ever! ( Arby's) 
 I'm at Arby's (31776 Del Obispo St., off Ortega Hwy., San Juan Capistrano) 
 Leaving today ( La Pensione Hotel) 
 4 guys and 1 girl playing the Penthouse photo hunt game  
  watching a bunch of the BF's friends play Penthouse photo hunt
  I already had 3 glasses of red wine and one of champaign tho 
 I'm at Rosie O'Grady's Irish Pub (3402 Adams Avenue, btw 34th St & Hawley Blvd, San Diego) 
 The parents look so awkward. 
 Watching the parents of the groom giving their speech about Carl (the groom)
 This wedding is an interesting merge of orthodox Jews and Aethiest Rationalists from SIAI
 The wedding reception has people square dancing! It's hilarious watching everyone embarass themselves
 I'm at Anna and Carl's Wedding (San Diego State University Alumni Center, San Diego) 
 I just unlocked the "Bender" badge on  
 I'm at Pick Up Stix- Pacific Beach (1975 Garnet Avenue, Morrell, San Diego) 
 Leaving the beach, heading back to the hotel to get ready for the wedding
 I'm at Blick Art Materials (1844 India Street, at Fir Street, San Diego) 
 I'm at Filippi's Pizza Grotto (1747 India St, btw Date & Fir, San Diego) w/ 2 others 
 Heading out! San Diego beach
 Here's lookin' at you, kid   
 AWW SO CUTE kangaroo  
 Kangaroo   
  i bet you always smell good no matter what with those perfumes!
 Its a WALLABY!  
 More humps  
 Meerkat cuddle pile  
  i passed 14K too and didnt notice!! Oops
 This belongs on CuteOverload ASAP (meerkat at San Diego Zoo)  
 Extreme Cute meerkat  
  you dont wear them all at the same time now do you?? Also, ELEPHANTS!!!!!!!
 Let me see your Humps   
 Asian elephant  San Diego Zoo  
 Hello Elephant! San diego Zoo  
  interesting perfume collection!
 As my BF said, Elephant tush!  
 Elephant pad  San Diego Zoo   
  They are a lot bigger than what movie animation lead me to believe they were!
  Elephant Odyssey  
 Moving plastic lawn ornaments   
 Eagle  San Diego Zoo  
 Zebra  San Diego Zoo  
 Polar Bear at the San Diego Zoo  
 Polar Bear feets   
 BABY GAZELLE is cute   
 Gazelles   
 Hairy boar...things   
 Okay the Extreme Couponing show is repeating from earlier. Changed the channel to Star Wars
 "I apologize for all the coupons" No you aren't! 
  ah but the housewife found 150 coupons for expensive cous-cous!! 
 Flying over the San Diego Zoo  
 So the housewife never had Cous-cous before, but buys 150 boxes of it anyway. WHY!? 
 Cous-cous is always on sale. What kid will willfully eat 150 boxes of it???? 
  HEEHEHEHEHE
  Found the zoo pics! Here we go. Starting with the parking lot!   
 I noticed that single people don't seem to be Extreme Couponers. I guess that would make them Hoarders instead. 
 Crepes at the Farmer's Market in San Diego  
 Fresh carrots at the Farmer's Market in San Diego's Little Italy  
 I'm a teller in an in-store branch at Safeway, near the self check out and I've NEVER seen this in person! 
 6 hours to prepare shopping, 6 hours to shop, 2 hours to check out.  
 Grauman Chinese Theater in LA   
 stole that example from the show!!  RT   double coupon, you got it now girl!
  here's another question: can a pagent mom BE an extreme couponer??? 
 Okay I admit it. I cant wait for the new season of Toddlers & Tiaras 
 Niiiiice!  RT   lol yes it's the official Mustard Hoarding Charity of their choice
 Just saw commercial for the oldest Dugger kid's impending son's birth. I think the kids have gained a LOT of weight! 
  OH! so if yogurt is $.69, and the coupon is .$35 off, and you double it, then its basically free? 
 Whats scarier, a stage mom from Todders & Tiaras or a Couponer housewife from Extreme Couponers??
  they couponers CLAIM they donate the extra to charity. The Hoarders Charity? 
  I think they held the Academy Awards there?  
  What the hell IS double coupons anyway?? Also they buy 50 boxes of cereal just to get a $1 rebate! Then toss the food!?
 "Going coupon crazy" Thats an understatement! 
 HAha i just realized the boyfriend took a shower and changed clothes..from an hour ago.  
   Its Kodak Theater in LA, where all the award shows are held!  
 I wonder why none of these Extreme Couponers never use the self check out. 
  cool!
 HAHA now im getting spam tweets from tweetbots about coupons!  
  You know what Im wondering? arent there rules for coupons like "one coupon per per person per purchase"???
  your cat sounds like a lead singer for a band :P
  Wow! So how do they react when you tell them no??
 Lady, you're already very overweight. Do you REALLY need 30 bags of greasy chips? 
   My branch is in a Safeway. I'm going to find out if they allow stacks and stacks of coupons! 
 If I worked at Safeway, I'd say "your coupons are ALL expired!" 
 400 cans of DOG FOOD!!!! 
 "ExtremeCouponing is like being addicted to Crystal Meth!" 
  Oh wow, so HAVE people tried to use coupons at the Dollar Tree?? I noticed Wal Mart isnt any of the stores featured on this show
 I wonder if these grocery stores HAVE to take all of these coupons?? Can a cashier refuse them? 
  is the kitten depressed? Why wont he eat or drink???
 Its Phoebe's guitar!    
 Maybe she can cut the pills up, grind them, and sell them to coke addicts?  
 So if the Extreme Couponer stocks up on 50 bottles of pain meds, what happens when they expire??
  such a CUTE KITTY!!! <3
  looks like the pics are posting properly!
 For the FRIENDS fans, want a cup of coffee?   
 Its THAT couch from FRIENDS!   
 Photo for you True Blood fans    
 "My biggest savings ever was having twins. I only had to pay one hospital bill!" 
  heheh "I hate when cashiers scrutinize my coupons! I'm a PROFESSIONAL!" 
  I think the object of Extreme Couponers is to buy as much crap for as little $ as possible.
 Whats this lockerz crap?
 Photo: Pirates of the Caribbean props   
 Oh wow, now there's coupon mobile apps!  
 Okay I figured it out. The difference between Extreme Couponing and Hoarding is that Couponers keep their stash neat and tidy 
  Want to see some pics from the San Diego zoo?
  I'm just in awe! But is extreme coupling for 150 bottles of mustard borderline hoarding?!?
  Extreme Couponing and totally in awe and confused on how grocery stores allow them to get away with it
   it's been entertaining watching you two Tweet back and forth all day about swimming, pee, poo, & cupcakes
 Stick candy! ( Cousin's Candy Shop) 
 Too bad it's closed ( Wells Fargo History Musuem) 
 I'm at Old Town San Diego State Historic Park (4002 Wallace St, at San Diego Ave, San Diego) 
 As seen on the Food Network! ( CrazeeBurger) 
 Heading to Old Town, San Diego
 Now leaving the best zoo EVER! 
 I'm at Giant Panda Research Station (San Diego Zoo, San Diego) 
