 RT  "Squid Ink" is on tap tonight at GT Fish!! Doors open at 4:30. First 10 glasses ordered tonight are on me! Hurry and  ...
  will do
 Watch out  it looks like we have a new brewer on staff  
 RT     
  hahaha it's so true
  yes they are! I hope the storm last night didn't hurt them
 RT  Quite possibly the sexiest thing I've ever seen...thanks  and  
 Watch what you ask for RT green boots need to come out more at the market...rain or shine.  :)
 Keep on growing ladies! Love these two 
   speaks the truth
  morning & Hop domination beer academy  and now dinner  today is pretty damn good
 Early morning  visit. Must taste the  peaches. Yum!
 I love drinking Wit and Hefe in the summer. So necessary
  Thank You!
  Thank You!
 My Old Kentucky Home   Beer
  Monday
  done
   Justin isosceles wine bbls
  in bottles you should be all good, just don't leave it in the trunk, have fun
  helped my peppers find a home at my place  
  what goodeis? growlers or bottles
  thank you
 Happy about the plums, apricots, & honey from  Also Tuesdays  4 chef dj night  killed it last night
 On my way to  to see  dj
 RT  On wrigley field w  getting ready for game!! Jared got 2 touch the grass. Face is beaming! 
 Go cubs   
  not in bottles, sorry
 A beer cooler or walk in cooler is a brewer or chef's best friend today
 Brewing Liquid Inspiration Stout today. I think Sorachi Ace, Cascade, and Crystal hops should do the trick
  beer drinking has to be involved in order to save the peppers
  sounds like a plan. Operation save the caribbean red peppers is now in motion
 RT  Sunday  feat  Red Currant Black Saison 
 On my way to the  meet the market   and psyched to eat  desserts and drink a beer named sue
 RT     tasting squid ink black saison and it is amazing! At GT in 2 wk  ...
  Why do     &  brew the  that they do? 
 RT  RT  A pic of the whole   brew crew... Tony,  & Mike:  ...
 Big brew day with farro in the  brewery with Tony Priolo & the cooks from   
  Goose Club is a blast, look forward to it every Sunday
 Alesmith Yule smith  summer ipa is delicious
  very cool, I will be around on Monday
  taste as you go and when you're happy with the flavor then transfer it
  very true and happy that they are
  hahahaha
  that sounds like trouble. She is great. so cool that you ladies are friends
  I am in
 RT    Look how awesome peppers are! Double in size. Got them  - just need a home.   ...
 Had to go with the red currants from Nichols farm. No idea as to what beer to put these in but open to suggestions
 Looking forward to having   today. Something tells me he is going to enjoy the Patriot Red Wheat ale
  They are blowing up in the NYC area. What did you think?
  That sounds awesome!
  what is Sierra Nevada's foam?
 I think Chicago is recovering from their holiday hangover. Did anyone discover any tasty beers over the weekend?
  excellent!
  sounds like a plan
 Morning beers with Chicago brewers 4  w    piecechicago  
  Looks awesome, bring some to the pub so we can chat hops
  could be, but I think its the end for strawberries this year in CHI
 It's always good to see some cherries and raspberries finally make an appearance at the market. Raspberries are looking goooood
 Very happy now that former Bristol cook now Goose pub brewer Jacob brings us his homemade cheese, tamales, and salsa on his day off no less
  it is all you, excited to hear about the name and the ingredients
 Thank u  for the lesson in beekeeping 
 Thank u  4 the leeks.  feel much better after getting chives,scapes  leeks from gcm 4 chef:brewer demo  330pm
  kind words , thank you
  oh yeah
 Next step after cryovacing the truffles with the cheese cloth is to sous vide them before infusing into the brew 
 The quest continues....... 
  I wish! It's the name of our  collaboration brew
 "Golden Jet" in the brew house this morning w  and the  team making the final brew of the  trifecta
  
 I got some really nice  chamomile from  today. And if you haven't tried the Noreaster strawberries from  farms u need 2
 Going to the  iron street urban farm grand opening
 The quest to make the perfect truffle beer continues. Thank you chef Tony  4 the truffles  
 Beer + Sushi= yes please  
  love me some burgers and beer, we can talk soon
 Delicious burger  last night. I could definitely get used to that Sunday dinner
 RT  Goose Club today   -we know dads love their beer, so bring em along to try Green Pine IPA! 
 Cubs win! it's beer time 
  problem solved! Tonight I am pairing everything  with   PVK (German Kolsch beer)
 I can't wait to be drinking  's PVK  tonight. What dish should I order with it?
  Thanks Paul. Great to have you in the pub!
  nope, get it  while we got it
 Good to have a pint of White Pine IPA with  
  I want to do more planting in the edible gardens. Let's brainstorm on Sunday
  will do
 BEER and food 4 charity with     look 4 us  next Wednesday sourcing ingredients 4 the brew
  just wait, it's going to be delicious
  We are still refining our recipe but we're getting close
 Mole + beer = heaven if done right. Tasting with  makes creating a mole beer a lot easier and fun
 Thanks 2   4 the fms inspiration.U have 2 taste it before u knock it. Sweet & delicio… 
  thank you for the shout out. Looking forward to bbl aged Luciana
 RT    Paul Virant spinning at Old Town Social tonight. He's old- so expect some solid pop tunes from the 80's ...
  blend
  I would be happy to send a  growler to  Should I address it to you?
 RT  Goose Club  -  Honey Brown debuted feat  honey - get it this week!   ...
 Huge thank you to  for explaining how we create  beers 
 RT  Got 2 preview  Honey Brown w/ Ellis Family Farm honey! Yum. Come out Sunday Goose Club 6/12 4 it!  http:/ ...
  hey yangy, I am at the market every Wednesday at 8. Will I see you next week?
 Just picked up some green strawberries from  4 the  farmers market series beer for 6/19 
  it was our pleasure. hope you had fun
 RT  Contest: come up with a name for our goose island collab. beer and win a beer dinner for 4 with Goose Island brewer  ...
 RT    &  decided on Squid Ink Saison after trying 4 diff styles of beer.   http: ...
 Brewing our "Squid Ink" Saison w  & the GToyster crew today  I promise there is no Squid Ink in this Saison
  Good Luck Rob
  Thanks Sara! I think we are doing a Honey Brown with Ellis Family Farm honey this week
 great times RT  absolutely amazing dinner  Food & beer was spectacular. Will dream about the pairings.incredible :)
 RT  When you finish up  - swing over to  at 5pm & try  Green Acres Strawberry Hefeweizen
  a side by side tasting of beer and sausage it is. This is the research I look forward to
  Willow st wit & hefeweizen would go great w/ ur weisswursts.Brings back memories of the 1st day in Munich going 2 beer school
 Very excited and curious about the opening of  on Sunday. Who is going?
 Rob it has to be HefeweizenRT   Just made a big batch of weisswurst! Tell the people what they should wash 'em down with
  use all of the yeast I gave you
  very exciting. We need to brainstorm and see what else we can plant to incorporate into beers. I am open to almost anything
 Planting Caribbean red peppers from leaning shed farms in the linc park edible garden 2 eventually be put in bee… 
 RT  My  Includes a few gripes (of course; this is  
 RT  Cant wait 2 homebrew! Thx Jared! RT Getting ready 2 shoot "beer making 101" 4 MOPAAT w  at  http ...
  great idea, now to find out who has these elusive white strawberries
 haha   created new brewing vocab 4  when chef is having brews  the bar while line cooks scrub brew tanks called a "line check"
  wise brewing words
 Brewing with  for filming Mexico One Plate at a Time.  
 Doing the hard work of brewing beer with line cooks at The Bristol while  drinks a beer at the bar 
 Excited to brew with  for "Mexico-one plate at a time" tv show 
 At the market looking for the next ingredient to put in the farmers market beer. Anyone have any suggestions?
  beers on  a Tuesday day off from the kitchen are always a necessity, don't be a stranger
  How early are you going to be at the market tomorrow. I was going to show up at seven. Is that too early?
 Brewing Honest stout today & getting excited for the   STRAWBERRY Hefeweizen   w 
  Yes we need to figure when we can plant these peppers, very excited
  I am loving these Sunday  goose-beer meet ups. Every Sunday at 5 people who love beer&farms drink
 Having a "wats up doc" wit with the 
 Incredible meal  big thank you to 
 Hefeweizen Beer premiere  and then going to game five  game . Go BULLS!
  I am so excited to use those bitter melons, now all we have to think about is what style of beer we want to put it in. hmmmmmm
  yes please
 RT    Growing bitter melon for Jared in  - see if he can do some experimenting w it  ...
   1st strawberries.the storms  are crazy, bring a snorkel 
  Noooooo!  keep me up to date on the pepper planting plan for tomorrow 
 Brewing Willow St Wit today 
 Doing a Leaning Shed "what's up doc" wit for the  FMS beer.  What ingredient am I using? Come taste w  Sun
  Thank you, I can't wait to pick peppers on Wednesday
  yeast strain
  those caribbean reds look amazing, let's plan on it. Wednesday 8 am meet time 
 Luciana premiere w/  at   
  excellent
  thanks for the kind words Ken
 RT  Join us and  at  this Sunday for the new GCM beer made with  rhubarb:  ...
 who is going to the   "Beer under Glass" event  park conservatory tonight?
 Brewing a hefeweizen today and then off to  to premiere LUCIANA w 
  A morel beer would definitely be one of the most expensive beers I have ever produced
 Hurry up and grow 
 If only I could put these in beer 
 What should I get  this morning for the  farmers market series
  Thank You!
  very cool, give them my best..Tyler and Lori
 Beer 4 meat barter going down w   "Meet the Market" event  after  23rd B-day party
  Thanks for the RT Cheers
  Good to have the Wingman  last night holding down the brewery
  Thanks for the RT Cheers
 RT  Dave Cleverdon and  planning his (contraband) espellette beer. Chicago's first fresh espellette peppers!! http ...
  Taste testing fruit for Marisol  
 Pic of  helles 4  meetup  Sun  5pm w/ apple wood smoked beer 
  great
  why didn't you come in
  very curious about this imaginary beer
  Nice!
  Thank You
 Getting ready for  and wishing all the Chicago chefs good luck 
 I love you animal kingdom  
 Hello Kentucky Oaks day
 RT  let the games begin.   
 Great first day  , so many happy smiling faces on a Wednesday
  6.2%
  Belgian Amber Beer with   coming soon to  & 
 RT  Featured   Handicapper Mike Battaglia takes an early look at the Kentucky Derby line. 
 Working on the 1st  farmer's market series beer w Pete from Seedling farm to be premiered on 5-11 
 Just put on tap a 1/6 bbl of Jin Ju and a 1/6 bbl of Royal Tanninbaum for  party 
  not right now, maybe in the future
  Thanks Brad
 Day 2 of the hefeweizen brew
  Thank You!
 Brewing a Hefeweizen today 
  thanks Ray!
 RT   Pour Man: Refreshing beers for the warm season ahead - Chicago Sun-Times  via 
  brewing   
 Excited to have  into  to make some beer this morning. Come by and say hi to Paul and his crew
  We went through too many kegs of  's Tingly Tongue this weekend. must reserve some so it lasts the month
  So happy you enjoyed Tingly Tongue
 RT  Happy tingly tongue day! My beer w/  from goose comes out today! And yes I know the goat looks naughty:) h ...
   Looking forward to it
  I wish
 Touring the Nation's Food Trucks & Bringing it Back to Chicago - Gapers Block Drive-Thru | Chicago 
  Thanks Ray! I enjoyed speaking at Siebel with you yesterday
   The food truck summit event was so much fun! Great people and delicious food
  The homebrews and food pairings were delicious.
   I am happy you enjoyed the Curbside Saison, big shout out to Heather Shouse on that one
  Not this batch but the next Midway might be on Nitro
  Hey, I heard you have an event  tonight, Can I tag along? What are the details?
 We are excited to have Paul Virant from  to brew a kolsch 
 RT  "Discovering Louisville" deems us worthy of a 4.5 hour drive. 
  On my way to Vie for Paul's homebrew dinner
  I really enjoyed meeting you as well. I am very excited about working with 
  How about I pour you curbside saison and some  "Tingly Tongue" beer  the food truck summit & we call it even
 So happy that  is working with  because now I get to have lunch and chef collaboration discussions with her
  I hope so
 We are transferring Curbside Saison for Heather Shouse's Food Truck Summit tomorrow
  i am excited
  will do
 Brewing a Rotweizen today at the pub and getting excited for whiskey fest tonight. Who is going to Whiskey Fest?
  everyone digs out   
  boooooo
 Am I going to see  today for our brewing barter of spent grain for eggs
 Time to brew a Belgian Red ale with  and crew from  for the next Chef Collaboration beer 
  smells like rye whisky and beer 
  we do pilsner, maibock, smoked helles, schwartzbier, dopplebock and more all at Goose Island Clybourn
 I love mornings when we get to fill Rittenhouse Rye whisky bbls with Maibock
  a great post on the day in the life of a brewer from  
 Is it wrong to get a ham and cheese croissant  on the way to the gym? That place makes me so happy.
 RT   &   5th anniversary w the custom blood orange Goose Island 
 RT  Excited for  beer that we worked on with  finished. Can't way to taste it! Save me a pint Jared.
 RT  Dirk sits down with  to talk making a collaboration beer. Most impressive, but no surprise? The sale hasn't ...
  good call, I see it on cask in the future
  duly noted
 Brewing Kilgubbin red ale and thinking about what I should put in this Rittenhouse Rye whiskey bbl
 This tweet is for everyone who went to GI Stout Fest this year. I am putting on a 1/6 bbl of Jin Ju tonight
  LIS will be ready in 3 weeks ms I just passed the bar and killed it, congrats again
 Brewing Liquid inspiration Stout today, Irish Red tomorrow, and will have  's Citrine Bombshell on tap Thursday along w/ Willow St
  We will have that on tap by Thursday
 Back to brewing , what beer should I brew this week?
  yes sir
  wild yeast to sour the stout, happy you like it
  glad you enjoyed it
  thanks guys
 Go cubs go, brewer Todd and I are going to cubs opening day for his birthday, yeah beer and baseball
  not sure what you mean
  great to see you as well, loved the snacks
  My craft brewers conference lecture on" working with chefs" audio in San Francisco 
 Curbside SAISON is being brewed with Sorachi Ace hops , lemon-citrus deliciousness
 guest brewing with  Heather Shouse creating her saison "Curbside" &  dropping off her spices for her Black Wit
  I am for sure, Go Cubs!
 Back to brewing with Day 2 of Cubby Blue, Tomorrow we have special guest brewer Heather Shouse to come in and brew Curbside Saison
  where and when
  a few but not many
 Welcome reception w  brewers listening to Charlie Papazian  San Francisco
 Getting excited to speak about brewing with chefs  
  why?
  I am at dotties true blue cafe for breakfast, thanks for the heads up
  slanted door, quince, hog island oyster co, Zuni cafe.  Any restaurant that I am missing?
  thank you!
  amazing suggestion
  mission accomplished! Nanking was delicious
 RT  Looking forward to checking out the new collaboration beer from  and  
 Booze cruise in San Fran CBC  
 Where is a good place for Chinese food in San Francisco
 Rainforest academy of sciences 
  Stella, kpaul,jacuamos, dantes kitchen
 Starting to love the town of Healdsburg and about to sit down for beers and lunch  
 Afternoon wine tasting wines 
 About to start our wine country tour  I hope we find some beers on the way
  no Quince in San francisco
 Dinner  and then hopefully it will stop raining for after dinner beers
  amazing thank you Carly
  yes with shaw from xoxo and some other friends
  Hahah that will be very much appreciated, I will be in touch
  very kind of you, thinking about heading up there Saturday or Sunday
  you know I will
  I have my slanted door Resv for Friday and checking out Quince tonight with 
  perfect advice! any other suggestions for San Francisco are very welcome
 Anyone down to get some oysters  in an hour
  excited for your beer dinner tonight
  looking forward to having beers and catching up
  see you soon and looking forward to heading backup to napa
  thank you for the restaurant suggestions, that was going to be my next question on twitter
 On my way to San Francisco for the craft brewers conference 
 One of the best meals I have ever had in NYC  Big thanks to  and  for the perfect service and food
 RT  Anyone planning on checking out   presentation on "Working With Chefs" w/  & Adam Dulye  ...
  yes and yes
  I am scared to find out who that person was
 Amazing dessert  
 Very excited to have  from per se here in Chicago helping us brew over  today
 RT  OMG!  The CITRINE BOMBSHELL is amazing!  I want to drink this all day!  I love her!   
 Everyone digs out   
 Brew day begins with   
 Big thanks to         for delicious stouts
 Go cards! Great game
  that's awesome
 RT  major disaster RT  Updated NYT ledeall from Japan is required morning reading: .
 Check out how to win free Stout Fest tix on the  facebook page
 Brewing day one of Willow st Wit and getting everything planned for Stout Fest this Saturday 
 New Brewer Jacob is brewing a Maibock today 
 Amazing dinner 
  I am looking forward to it
  done and done
  Thank You for the kind words
 Getting excited for our Fat Tuesday Brewmaster's dinner 
 RT  Photoshoot for Food and Wine Mag w/       ...
 Compliments of  for his soon to be brewed stout 
  That can be arranged. Anytime  your in Chicago I have a lot of bbl aged beer for you to enjoy
 RT   It's not wrong as long as you give us a taste!
  simcoe, ahtanum, and cascade
  very clever
 It look like   and I will be brewing a Black Wit. Does anybody have any good beer name suggestions for us?
   at the pub brewing and chatting about beer
 Getting ready for our chef collaboration beer meeting with 
 It is wrong to fill Seguin Moreau wine bbls with Black Saison? Because that's exactly what we're doing right now
  of course
  The Goose Island chef collaboration calender has been released
 Heading 2 per se 2 talk about GI beer & pairing beer with food at the Per Se and Bouchon pre shift meeting. I can't wait 4 their family meal
 Goose island in Hyde park  
 Smelly CIA cheese room  
 Best line of CIA so far is chefs if you're out of dress code please don't even think about getting in line for food
 I miss being a student 
 Amazing meal  last night. We are getting ready to drive up to the Hudson valley for beer and food 
  This place smells and looks amazing. Wall to wall with delicious meats, cheeses, and pasta
  will do
  thanks!
 I am on my way 2 NYC to speak  about BEER and FOOD. I think there might be time 4 breakfast  's Tortas 
  let me ask Todd
  I think we need BCS pancakes for breakfast, lunch, and dinner
  BCS pancakes sound amazing, we are all looking forward to some great west coast beer and northern Cali food
  Proud to participate in the Chicago Food truck Summit
 working on "Alba Madonna" a white truffle bitter beer  that will be premiered at The Day of the Living Ales on March 5th 
 Brewing day 2 of Cubby Blue and putting Sour Yeast in Bordeaux bbls with our Black Saison
 Time for a drink  
  very cool
  I think that sounds like a great idea
 Shout out to old school Goose Island beers with Kilgubbin Red Ale on tap this week at 
 Thank you  for incredible fried chicken at the southern tonight and the best greens I have ever had
  thanks, still working out the details for DLD but thanks for asking and probably will join in
 Big thanks to  for taking care of me and my parents tonight with Fried Chicken from the Southern
 Lincoln Park Lager on tap and some firkens to fill for the weekend
  best of luck to her
  yes I did thanks for asking
  of course we will
 RT   can't wait 2 hop back in & scrub the brew kettle!  Too much fun, who needs Disneyland? I have  ...
  Digging out the mash    
 Digging out the mash 
 Big brew day w/  and the  team at the pub. Get psyched for a Blood Orange Belgian Blonde ale
 very excited to try out  today, all I hear are amazing things but what did you expect when the Leavitts are behind it
 Brewing day one of Dublin Stout
 Anybody looking to sell their BlackHawks tickets to Friday's game
  Amazing
  awesome, I have your growler ready. Do you want me to roll over in the next couple of days for the trade, catch a drink at the...
 Great brewery tour with the new diploma class at Siebel
 It looks like I will be putting an English mild on cask this week to go with the Englsh Bitter on cask ahhhh Real Ale
  building the perfect kitchen with   and 
  sounds tasty!
  what recipes would you suggest ?
 Brewing a Smoked Helles today at Clybourn
  that was a great beer
 Heading to Vie tonight to judge homebrews for the Vie homebrew dinner
  Pork Soda and Pork Chops yum
 Bring out the Bitter Cold on cask
  a glimpse into Goose Island beer academy
 RT  Thanks  RT  From chocolate chili to kitty litter, there's no wrong answer at Goose Island Beer A ...
  good luck on your first homebrew, if you need advice we are here to help
  I have broad shoulders barleywine here and ready to taste
  what is your address, I will bring you some today
 what should we brew this week?
  judging a homebrew competition at Vie on Wednesday. Have fun and tell rowester and Joffe hi for me
  nice
 great beer and food luncheon  with   and  Hall with the help of Chef Andrew Hroza
  its up to them but hoping for a year and a half minimum
 Filling up Weller's 17yr whiskey bourbon bbls with Twisted Goose for  and 
  sure
  start with a tasty Belgian Yeast and then use your favorite hops. Focus on the yeast and hops and you will be a happy...
  thanks YANG
  I will be by with beer in hand, THANKS
  yessss, Large please
  Hey Evan , looks like you're surrounded by great people  and  look forward to having a beer with you soon
  The  PORK SODA beer video
  yes
  Hey chef that shirt is awesome, I want one. Beer for shirt barter?
 brewing an IPA today and catching up from the snow day
 brewing IPA and waiting for the storm    Would it be the end of the world if I got snowed in at the brewpub? I think not
 RT   YES! You are now the official referee of Snow battle 11   
  Can I referee the snow battle?
 RT   You in?  snowball fight Tuesday night... Our parking lot, 8:00pm loser buys 
  sounds good
 Hashing out the details for "working with chefs" panel  with  and 
  nope he can do it anywhere
  would he be interested in a private project and can you shoe me pics of his work if you get a chance
  who is DM tell me more
 Does anybody know someone who is talented at wood work such as carving and sculpting
  I want some
 Ran into Rahm last night  after the debate and helped him make the right decision by getting him a green line beer
 Experimenting with coffee and beer this morning. Rind Grind, Sgt Peppercorn, and some new ingredients
  yes there will be stout for Monday
 Brewing Mild Mannered English Mild and getting ready for beer academy tonight
  Thank You!
 Anyone in the mood for a  Russian Imperial Stout for Thursday's tapping?
 Just Finished Filling up a Rittenhouse Rye bbl and an Evan Williams Single bbl with Imperial Stout. I should make a habit of this on Mondays
 new updates for Stout Fest at GI Clybourn: Flossmoor and Half Acre are putting in tasty stouts
  that sounds delicious
  I will be speaking out there on working with chefs and I look forward to having some beers and food together
  we experimented with it and loved it
  Thank you
  this was perfect, thank you
 Anyone have any good restaurant recommendation for good exploratory ethnic cuisine in Chicago
  All stouts and all local and delicious 3/12/11- 12-5pm $20=20tix=20beers2sample=tasty
  March 12
  March 12 noon to 5
