 RT   he tried to get off them phonies b4 he went up north...lol-- he woulda got roasted
  idk fams he was trippin
  will do
 Jus boarded to Paris!!!!!!
  good luck out there brotha!!!!
 Hope that my shorty  runs well over there in Stockholm!!!!  lol
  mine 2
 Everytime I land in ATL I think imma here JD say welcome to Atlanta where the players play where we ride on dem thangs like every day
  lol I don't like em either
 46min flight to ATL... I'll holla!!!!
 RT   I luv this nigga---- yoooooo
 Aight I'm done!!! I didn't ask for trouble!!!
  smh nah bro they are
  nahh she don't kno she just keep staring at me cus she think imma rob her or something
  lol it was two girls in the pic lmaoooooo
 Got they mean asses again .... O guess I got lucky  
 RT   Did she see you taking that pic?! Coz it seems like she's smiling at u..lol-- nah that's how her face is
  sorry pooh
 Look at they mean asses  
 RT  This piece of ish poster hanging up in the cubicle beside me!!!! >:o  u love us teammate
 RT  im thinkin 'ill write a NEW freakin 'cover letter, thn smoke, thn get a steak n cheese sub frm capettas !- capettas is bomb
  preciate it
 If I sit next to this old lady imma play plies 100years as loud s my beats will allow me too!!! Lmaoooo
  to the guy who tried to sell me and  them fake snap backs for da dub!!! Lmaooo he ain't realize we had eyes!!!
 Little does she kno I don't wanna sit next to her either... She's old and pruney
 It's a old white lady in the airport staring at me.. She looked like she just said a prayer to make sure we don't sit 2gether..
 Wen I get to ATL I'm going strait to either Atlanta bread or popeyes and strait smashing some food
 Came in the airport and told the lady at the delta counter im going to Sweden she replies ... Are you leaving the country???
 Y'all put ya ones up!!!! 
 If you are thinking about furthering your education, this is a... More for Capricorn 
  oh ok
  aight oldhead u may be getting cool in my book again!!! ;-)
  where u moving now
  my camera is super charged u can live through my pics until u get to go
 RT   lol wht u knw abt Belly?--- no old head what do YOUUuU know about Belly
  I need to ask you before I go anywhere I forgot u be allllllllll over the world
  ok I'll make sure I keel my head on a swivel
 O_O
  will do!!!
  
  Ghana
  I ain't playin
 RT   yessssss I will b there--- yayyyyy I'm excited now
  thanks have fun wit ur nude sleeping arrangements lol
  thanks have fin wit ur nude sleeping arrangements lol
  thanks have fin wit ur nud sleeping arrangements lol
 RT   Belly is one of my all times favs-- mine too
  I got two bags wnna occupy one???
  what I do now?
 Shit sounds kinda boss like saying im going to Africa I feel like nas in belly!!! Yall don't kno about belly though...
  Sweden and Africa
 Ughhhhh
  sweden then Africa
 People follow me wen I don't tweet but as soon as a tweet ten times in a hour I lose a follower.... I'll get 10 2morrow to replace that 1
 Sleeping naked tonight it's my last night in America fuck it!!! How's that for a visual ;-)
  smh
  nahhh
 RT   Thought about trying that for a second...and the idea of it alone made me sleepy! Lmao  :D--- lol gnite
  I got you
 RT  Yall go follow  , BOL she says she look like RIHANNA 
  lmaoooo go do some crunches and push ups and drink 2 glasses of water you'll be sleep in no time
 RT  Inspiration and Drive= Success
 Dude jus snitched on his brother on the 1st 48.... Like his Real brother!!!!
 RT  Ugh! I can't go back to sleeeeeep! :(----- I'm sure ur hungry Porshia
  I look forward to the opportunity
 RT   really???--- yup
  idk gotta check the itinerary
 RT  working on a poem....it's about time-- I write poetry too
  oh wait we discussed that already
  where u goin
  y are u up?
 RT   cause Im crazy lol---- lmaooo sounds fun
 RT  AINT NO BEEF wit dat boi. But if y'all are able to GET the lil nigga to bust a shot this way I WILL BE MORE THAN PREPARED !!!
  and y not?
  okkkkk cool
  I'm living... Wen you visiting Florida???
 RT   Haiti :-)------- what up Zoe
 RT   yea. Taking my talents next week---- stay humble and keep ya ones up... Everything is gonna work itself out
 I spoke to  for the 1st time in ages!!!!
  where r u going
  preciate that bro.. U figure out the move yet?
  how r u
  I was bout to hit u back and say thanks small lady
  I was bout to hit u back and say thinks small lady
  thanks bro
  hiiiiiiiiiiii
  will do!!!!
 RT  I'ma go hard or I'ma go home
 Swung and missed!!!! Guess I'll watch 1st 48 till I dose off
 Outta America tomorrow!!! 8hr flight doe!!!! O_o
 Always the fuckin victim!!!! Can't fuck wit em
  can I get an avatar????
 RT   keep working hard and stay humble and ull be in good shape, my boy.----10-4
  ohhh ok!!! How was it?
  Lol nahhh I'm on the come up... Just tryna make it
  Sweden then Africa bro
  it's not midnight yet
 Anyone wanna finish packing my stuff??
 That's a great package!!!
 Yo      yall  ever figure out how to put the team on your back and remain humble????
 RT   "hold ya head man" - Ali Cannon haha----  ---- ughhhhh
  hope u don't mind me using ur phrase real quick..... 
  yea bro I'm goneeeeee
  10-4  lol
 I'm thankful for everything I have don't get me wrong but I want soooooo much more for myself!!! 
  I'm good I'm headed to Sweden tomorrow I ain't ready for that diamond league stuff yet but so I run sunday at another meet
  big time!!! Hey man jump far tomorrow you got some big jumps in the tank
 Can I get a lil conversation??? Just a little.......
  clay where u going after stockholm??
 RT  Anybody giving out free MacBooks?? I'll take one
 RT   we are to much alike im already on it----- hell yea
 I feel like I need a drink cantina here I come
 RT   na rick tried to say I wasn't a good captain!--- lmaoo
   y'all boys getting old reminiscing and shit
 My process took 9mins to get done WTF yo
 Oops I ment 2hrs 49mins
 2hrs and 29mins later I exit the DMV
 RT   musica?---- si
  u got me today?
 2hrs and 40mins later I'm at the counter at the DMV
 RT   yes he is!!!! I'm 1000 percent sure!!! Do the test over!!!!--- lmaoooo
 RT  ......the moment of truth----- he is NOT your baby's daddy!!!
  aight cool
  nope I wish I was
  right now!!! Lol I'm over it
  yup
  what happened to 30mins????
 Well I'm still here!!!
  put the wells Fargo team on yo back.... Unless that bitch is gettin robbed!!! Lol
  I ain't messin wit u
 RT  First 48!---- is it in Miami?
  wen is ur meet?
 RT  i already know who ima marry , everyone else is just a past time until then !---- ughhhh
  I kno u miss me and 
 And them hoes you wifen up bitch we already had!!!!!!
 RT  Breaking News rapper  found dead 1 hour ago in apartment "--- it's a fake link check  timeline smh
 I'm still here!!!!
  happy birthday sis!!!!!
  your home?
 The DMV just told a man he was blind in his left eye and maybe he didn't know it!!! He said how am I blind and I don't kno it but u kno it
 RT   that's how much I paid for mine. It's not?--- nope!!
  nahh
 So the DMV let a man take his license pic b4 he pasted his test... He proceeded to fail his test and snapped about getting his hopes up
  lol nahhh im not an angry person
 Now no 1 is working!!!! WTF yo  
  I'm fine pg my day is going great already
 Niggas be putting on for twitter like their lives are perfectttttt maybe I'm hatin but I really doubt it!!!!
 RT   I was dere last thursday for 3 hrs bro--- I hope I can get out of here in under 2
 RT  Stay humble folks 
 DMV got 20 stands but only 3 open..... WTF yo they actin like walmart right now!!!
 RT   yaaa they're getting a but pricey for just a piece of plastic---- smh
  I woulda but I'm leaving America tomorrow I needed it today cus I'm sure somethings gonna come up 2morrow 4 me 2 do
  had my brain set on $10 i ain't trippin though
 Woulda been here earlier but........... Nah I won't go there
 FML -____-
 I'm ticket B197 thy are currently on B169
  ya boy Kenny given you these nicknames??
 Coming to the DMV without eating is a  idk who I thought I was fooling you... No 1 EVER walks in and out the DMV
  well maybe I got a deal mine is $25
  it's only 25 but it's ridiculous how long they make u wait for a print out of a damn license
 Date on it!!! Sad to say it's $25 and some may say it's only $15 extra but I wanted my damn $15
 Maybe I'm naive 4 thinking a replacement license could cost $10 but I only thought so cus it was on the State of Florida Website wit todays
 I'm starvinggggggg
 Relationships may feel like they're playing out on a battlegro... More for Capricorn 
 Just put 21 on my boy  in 2k11... Put ya ones up!!!! Ughhhh
 RT   wuts for dinner hoe
  me and  over here playin NCAA bro
  me and  over here plain NCAA bro
 RT  Smh RT  RT  Its over 4 Black America  / wow
  u call buddy yet?
 RT  Sleepy.-- me 2 bri
  idk how that happened
  I'm chillin
 Smh
  Wats up
 RT  If God aint good, I dont know who is. Ya boy playin for the Buffalo Bills!  congrats big time
 Good Morning All
 You may need to deal with a few surprises in your personal lif... More for Capricorn 
 Gnite all
  I'm doing the same!!!
  hi how r u
  ohhh I'm sorry I kno u and slurp Aka  aren't gay
 Just got tooo irritated by some thing sooooo far away
 RT  me and wifey  will be making moves to a city near u!!! so get ready!!!-- ur gay and mean?? WTF yo
 RT  So I was just thinking about how I miss  awwwww I miss u2
 RT  In Amsterdam about to take off to Stockholm. I'm supposed to turn my phone off but I wanna tweet 1st! Lol. TTYL peeps!-- byee
 RT  i should be in bed cause i'm gonna have a long day tomorrow smh--- goodnight
 RT  Oh lord.. all parents keep ur daughters inside granddaddy shone is on the loose  tell them twice
 RT  i prolly can't outrun his fast ass doe  lmaoooooo
 RT  Lol u coming for real RT   girl u love me dont act like that--- yea
  oh I caused it??? Nahh homie all your people no ur mean as ever!!! And that's b4 u started being mean to me
 RT  If looks could kill you would be an oozie  lol that's a song or something???
 RT  i aint bout to talk back to  {{{---- i know BETTER !---- Earls you are something else
  girl u love me dont act like that
  smh you could stay nice for too long you were born wit all evil blood!!! Lol
 RT   to get to me u gotta get through them first--- u got protection like that??? BO$$
 RT  I slightly miss you Miami  I'll be there soon though --- I'm slidin to the beans in 2weeks
  no I want YOU to be there waiting!!! My problem wit you not your people!!!
 I just got falsely accused in a Subtweet that had my name in it!!! Haha I'm not a thug girl I'm tryna get a degree
 RT   {{{{{---- Will go GANGSTAH on u.. i've seen it with my own lil eyes-- cut it out yo.. Lol u went off on me
  I'm on the next plane to Philly and imma hurt u!!!
 I'm not the problem You want..... (no e-thuggin) strait up
  don't start wit me slim
 Imma threat to some of these lil ass kids for Nooooo reason!!! Ahhhhh
 Jit jus unfollowed me cus I be speaking to his ex!!! Tighten up guys
 From  I gets Nooooo conversation!!! Lmaoooo it hard out here in these streets
  Why u shaking ur head?
 Annoyed.com
 They still play no hands on the radio!!!! Flocka still getting bread off this song
  I got u next time eutty
 RT   not a thing mi nigga. Tryin to get two big bones to pop off ya know-- truestory send 1 my way
 RT   Yo L, what up, I hit, what else, plus dome...say word..&& we got it on tonight...Haha
  imma fedex it
  peen wut it is
 Oreo blizzard on deck!!!
 And I kno what the ladies like need a man that's polite listens and takes advice I can be all 3 plus I could lay the pipe
  hey ma-- Killa cam...  well the radio is playing it
 RT  RT  RT this if u played Tony Hawk Pro Skater as a kid.
  I ain't even that skinny
 RT  I see  bout to get married on bet---- lol nahhh not me
  yup
 Teen mom or toya????
  I miss u friend
 RT  I need a new twitter name--- yea cus the one u got now don't fit... Lol j/k
  Yoooooooo
  lmaoooo dont do me like that
  yea me 2!!! ;-)
 Some girls stay in some sort of different relationship!!!! Girl relationship hoping don't make u kno less of a hoe u still got bodies on u
 RT    ok so give me a  that is inappropriate for any woman?? And not some pornstar  lol-- ummmmm
 Did I get muted?
  I'm tryin but yea I've been good!!! U still in Ohio?
  ohhh ok!!! How have you been my long lost friend and ex wife who divorced me
  what I say???
 Man imma miss my boys  and  good times fellas we all gotta get together again
 RT  Ladies its a double standard men can have 100 sex partners u can't
  how have u been?
 My homie  better tighten up
 RT    example please?? What's too many for what age??- I feel if a female is 18 -23 I say 6-- I agree
 RT  “ How long do u have to be together before is it ok 2 show up unannounced 2 ur boy/girlfriend place”--- marriage
 But it's cute doe!!!! Lol 
 You are a liarrrrrr lmaoooooooo 
 RT   with so much determination doe....lol  ughhhh
 That feeling you get wen u know ur chick is badder than all them other hoes......
 RT  Hold the hell up, I did not know  was following me! That made my day :)--- lol awwwww
 Nothing I did today required me to put the team on my back but I'm always ready to do so!! But I had my ones up all day..... Ughhhh
 RT  Fellas do u really wanna no ur wifes real sex  if so what  would be 2many-- depends on her age
 So am I supposed to watch the toya finale or teen mom 1st tonight
  this ain't the fight u want cuh
 I got ps3
  got you
 No somebody help me get the names on my ncaa12
  meeeeee 2
 I appreciate a person who keeps their word thanks  !!!!!!
 Jus got NCAA 12 now off to chipotle could this night get any better???? Oh wait I think teen mom comes on too!! 
 I hate hearing girls gossip!!! Def GREEK gossip it annoys me...... Alot
 Seems like the 1st of the month becoming fast as hell wen a nigga gotta pay rent!!! Smh
 I'm neighbors with someone special!!!
 ShowerTime!!!
 Im hungryyyyyy
  yea
 RT   check ya dm-- got no message bro
 RT       hey yall boys know my answer to this-----????? I'll wait
 RT  PSA    free deahlusional he trapped in fantasy world cc  smfh
  lol I jus started laughing too!!!
  nahhhh I gotta pass on that one
 RT  Now I want some krispy kreme..--- wen u get yours get me some too .. Thanks!!!
 Kelly rowland sure does motivate me everrrrrry time I hear this song
  time to work bro... You got me locked in to Oakland!!! Do work.. And keep tell em the motto haha
 Y'all think if I buy a pack of tropical skittles And dump em in a sprite that I'll get the same effect??
 RT   Ahaha! Throwback! Them thangs was HITTIN!!--- yes they were
 I sure could use an ice cold sprite remix right now... Y'all remember that drink???
 I sure could use a cold sprite remix right now... Y'all remember that drink???
 RT   watching tv...bored--- same story over here
 I knew I came home for a reason!!! One of my favorite movies is on tv.... LIFE!!!
  wut u doin bro
 RT  Let me give a S/O to myself. If you don't believe in yourself, noone will
 Ok so I don't leave till Friday thank god that makes my life a lil easier
  wen is the exam bro?
 You may want to talk today instead of doing your work, but too... More for Capricorn 
 Heard this song in trinidad i liked it...
 RT   really???? ????? what I do
  wus good wit this 2k son
  no clue imma look it up and let u kno how long u there till?
 Hey  can u tell ms.Tate I said hi since she don't speak to me
  I'm leaving Thursday for Sweden I think then I'm going to African during the week next week
  lol yea bro this show ain't too bad... What country u in now
 The brokest ( i know that ain't a word) chick is always in the most drama!!!
  Christmas
 Bbw's are a group of girls who got famous for letting a baller slide in btw those thighs!!! These hoes spending dudes bread in Rome.. Smh
  nah bro u ain't alone
 I know what girl tami was in highschool and I NEVER woulda sat at her lunch table!!! Lol
  basketball wives bro this show make u watch it.. I ain't think i would like it but I'm locked in
  lol not much how are u?
 Meeka got that bad weave... It ain't stay in place!!! Lol
 Tami wore no earrings she was too ready to scrap
 Tami is a big ass girl who is gonna stop here wen she jump on Meeka ass
  put a smile on!!!! Lmaoooooooo
 RT  <---- would smash Meeka, idk why tho lol---- nooooooooo
   y'all get y'all boy man he trippin.. Lol  ..... REALLY???? Haha I BOL in a quiet room
 RT  But who gon pop her??? Lol RT  Tami is a bully--- none of them
 Niggas and this self proclaimed realness lol y'all boys tighten up!!! Nigga keep chase them chemistry notes not the street cred
 RT  RT  Other niggas is watchin basket ball wives....I'm watchin sopranos on demand  shut up!
 Tami is a bully
  I just got back to the states
 RT  Prayin for a opportunity... all in God's hands. My journey is already planned
  to my iPhones spell check!!! Nigga ain't no how to spell transvestite but they got me righhhhht
 A transvestite mary j blige???? Lmao
  yup that'd be nice
 RT  Giving it time and being patient. Soon it will be my time. Until then I pray.
 The word exhausted and the name Terrell Wilks belong together right now!!!!
  heck yea it was too live
 RT  I want BK but I don't feel like driving smh--- I just had some!!!
 RT  Finally back in the States as soon as I get thru customs I'm going to get a burger-- i already did that!!!!
  hiiiiiiiiiiii Chanel
  make that happen!!!
 RT  Think imma make some cookies--- ol desert eating fool
 RT  " When i write my book y'all will better understand!!!" I don't know why I found this so funny. Ha- me either
 I didn't mean to  you in that last tweet 
 RT   book? -___-  ---- umm yea what's that face for
 RT  Craving yamatos...--- meeeee 2
 When i write my book y'all will better understand!!!
 In my life experiences the people I've trusted the quickest have fucked me the hardest!! But hey..... That's just the Terrell Wilks story
 Y'all gotta be carful in these streets!!! Use the word TRUST wisely.. Trust isn't meant to be given to everyone
 Here we go!!!!
 RT  11 days until No Boys Allowed opens online :)--- if no boys are allowed y did u invite me too it savage!!! Lol
 RT   yal had fish broth over there?--- nahhhh not me
 RT   2016 Rio De Janeiro lets goooooooo--- and London 2012 let's gooooooo
 I'm focused on the future cuz yesterday is history
 RT  I miss my savage  I miss u2 savage!!!
 RT   Go to the Olympics
 RT   i miss her too !--- I'm sure she misses u2
 I Miss my moms 
 RT  NEED NCAA12!--- me too son
 The islanders be on that Ross over there it was crazy.. They are toooo live over there
 Turn off the lights take a ride wit me
  who cares about what they think.. Live ya life fams.. I be Holdin back some stuff for twitter but this girl had 2 get it
  you already kno.. Ya cousin was telling me about y'all coming to Miami let me kno I'll come party wit y'all boys
  you already kno
  lol cus your a celebrity bro the people care about what you say... Me... Not so much
 You can't be ugly and MEAN you already down two strikes sweetheart.. Cute girls can be mean you........ Nahhhhh
 RT  PRAYING EVERYTHANG GOES WELL WITH MY MADRE'S SURGERY...--- me 2 bro
  my boy  Holdin us down last night.. Boy had me all over the island felt like a damn local!! Preciate the love fams
 I swear I gotta make it!!!
 RT  Only been in boca an hour... Already seen a pair of fake titties... And she drove an Audi...--- never been but I may visit
  I'm out at 325
 Gate 60 smfh And it's no restaurants on my end
 So I walk in the terminal at gate 1 there are 60 gates ... I bet you guess what gate my planes at.. Smh
  they went well.. Have u been putting the team on your back while I was gone?
 Bck in Miami!!!! I'm too ready to go home and lay down!!!
 You are easily distracted today and may be unable to stay focu... More for Capricorn 
 You can find pleasure in nearly anything you do now, making yo... More for Capricorn 
 im sleepy now gnite yall!!
 ok sooo i got 4th it wasnt my best race but i must amit i was reallll nervous!! made it through healthy and i got the 20 tomorrow!!!!
  thanks
 RT  Good Luck to big bruh  u2 fams
 RT   good luck Terrell! Do work!--- will do.. Thanks
 Headed to the track!!!
 RT   GOODLUCK hoe!--- lol thanks hoe
  it's on main ST Ndu
 RT  S/O to  Do your thing bro!---- preciate that family
  u got a show tonite?
 Happy Birthday  do work on the track today!!!
  yea tonight at 750
 RT  Goooooood luck today  Do it B-I-G Tee Tee!--- thanks quee queeee
  ohhh lol damn bro I thought u was asking about YG.. But I'm strait though out here tryna make it.. How you?
  what you mean?
 Currently playing YG- Jus re'd up....... headed to the track 5
 Ion want her you can get her bitch you ugly like yo daddy Reggie miller-- YG    mustard on the beat hoe!!! Lol
 My ambition is flawless
 RT   it's definitely FALSE--- y??
 This guy  just said I'm a very friendly guy I think that's false what y'all think?
  where at?
 RT  good luck to my track stars  and  in Trinidad have fun and kick ass!!!!-- preciate it
 Ruthless
  I've been good... You?
  hiiiiiiiiiiii
 RT  i can do w/o chick-fil-a , thanks but no thanks !---- meeee 2
 RT  yeah , you better make something shake ; either way i got u boss  lol right!!!
  nuthin much how r u
 RT    U only have 1 professional debut make something shake
 RT   naw bruh I don't have a job right now lol- yea I kno but y'all still got bread to blow
  will do
 RT   let me hold sumthin big money--- I ain't got it bro you let me hold sumthin I kno u got a few bucks 2 spare
 RT  I'm so weird--- yea bro we kno
  ok
 RT   13.03 bruh bruh--- go finish the job!!!
  where is that?
 RT  Guess I'll go do a lil shakeout--- I was gonna go then I seen it was raining :-/
  wat you making
  preciate it bro
  suck it up punk
 Everybody that claims to be ya friend ain't ya friend
  they supposed to put a schedule under our doors sometime soon
  thanks!!!
 Put the team on ya back Saturday's
  thanks!!!
  I'm good!!! You?
 Good morning all!!!!
 Having faith in yourself is crucial, but too much confidence i... More for Capricorn 
  thanks
