 RT   watchin  smokin good wit 
   yeah, you know what it is lemon Larry lemon Larry lemon Larry lemon Larry lol
  mmmmkay. Since u said it so nicely lol
  smh u always be frontin on Twitter talking bout "shut the hell up" but wanna be all "baby I love u" on text. 
 I don't pay attention to what none of yall say....
  u better be good tonight and act like a grown man with some sense! Lol
 Soulja boy needs to go somewhere with his "zan with that lean" shit. Smh  its spelled xanax BTW.
 Omg. I swear my boyfriends mom calls every 30 minutes to see what my cat is doing. Smmfh
  Naw, u chill the hell up.
  of course.
  yay for cuddling! Lol and smooching and sexing. And smoking!
  Babyyyy! I'm glad I get to see u tonight!
 I haven't been on Twitter in a long time.
  I love you Babyyyyy
 Twitter is just another place for ppl to pretend to be someone they are not. How hard is it to take a pic of a (cont) 
  lol mhmmmm ;)
  lol I knew u were gonna go see that car baby. Smh.
  shut the hell up hater. Lol. U better give me some good sex at least.
 I have never liked valentines day.
 Ur so full of shit, ima call u toilet. Smh.
 You know its fucking cold when u sleep with ur house shoes on. Smh.
  cuz u don't know math I guess. Lol. How the hell did u get what u got tho? Lol.
 Na baby, the answer is -3/8 lol smh RT  -1/32 I think lol RT  What's this damn answer  
  not much, just working a double. You?
 RT  R e T w e e t ~ If your a  fan!
 RT  A relationship is more than finding the right person, it’s also about BEING the right person.
 You don't always have to be a complete ass hole. I swear u need medication or anger management classes sometimes. Smh.
 There's nothing like a dead spider curled up inside a piece of produce u are stuffing ur face with. Smh.
  I been on Twitter baby. Smh. Haha
 RT  RT  RT  FOLLOW and BE FOLLOWED...     ... http ...
  BOO! I been ghost on here for bout three months baby. Did ur timeline miss me?
 Chachos is my crack. And right now, I'm fienin like a mufucka.
 RT  FOLLOW and BE FOLLOWED...        ...
 I'm back Twitter world.
 A real woman doesn't waste her life away on Twitter... she gets money bitches! Real men should listen to this.
  babyyyy! It's been so long since I tweeted you. I love youuuu!
 Damn its been a long time since I have tweeted. Sorry, been working and makin that money.
  k
 RT  Had a great day today....aahhhh the life of a business owner (a business owner? Lol. What u talkin bout baby?)
 Thank you Lord, for this day.
  i ♥ u baby!!!
 hittin up the fair tonight....hope i dont get in any fights. lol ♥
 Beat two bitches ass's last night for fuckin wit my sister while her bitch ass friend wanna stand back & pretend she didn't see it. 
 RT             
 RT  Lmao women are so much alike (and men are so much alike too... its because we are WOMEN and yall are MEN. all dogs bark.)
 Good night my twiggas. Say ur prayers and have sweet dreamsssss. 
 Ur about to get the shit beat out of u. Try me if u think I'm fucking kidding.
 All I can say is.... bitch please.
  Interview with the Vampire
 RT  you never know what you have until you lose it and sometimes you will never get it back
 Baby rump kisser! Lmao.  Dennis the menace.
  Aw thanks! U should check out the pic I just uploaded. I fixed it... my handwriting still sucks tho Haha
  Ahh, that's better... still with better writing tho.
 This is a rough draft of part of my tattoo ima get. I drew it. Ignore the shitty writing tho.  
  pooh bear u are my pooh bear!
 Never getting gas alone at night again. Even when I think I look like shit.
 Man, watching Friday makes me miss smoking..... Smh
 *and .. damnn
 "ooo my neck, my back, my neck add my back! I want a hunnit and fifty thousand dollas!... but we can settle it right now, fa twenty dollas."
 "i grab a dog....and I choke em! And I... kick tha shit outta em!" Lmao
 "you betta put some water on that Damn shit!" Lmaoooo
  Friday
 RT  If you have on all your clothes in your twitcon  (hell yeah! I'm tired of seeing naked bitches!)
 RT  Everything can't be brought,certain things is beyond material value like true happiness,and unconditional love,u can't ...
 All I hear is these Damn dogs barking cuz they r fat & want food but my step mom is cracked out in her closet or some shit.  
    
 Mmmaybe if u didn't look 12 ...
 Took my big test today... get the results on Thursday then its off to the money bitchezzzzzz. Chea!
 Omg. Some ppl cannot drive! Smh
 Turn yo blinker off!
 Yes gas light, I see you.
 Omg. What a night. I'm of clear mind but still dont know what the fuck is going on
 Why has my Saturday been spent sleeping?..... oh well:.. party tonight???
 You. Are. A coward!
 I'm home nowwww. This bed bouta feel so lovely!
  to my new followers 
  lol
 When u point a finger, u got three more pointing back  yo ass. Ever thought that maybe ur insecurity stems from ur own guilt? 
 RT   people you dont even know call you " friend ? " (& when ppl call evry1 they associate wit a friend
 *"*"*"*"*  to my new   *"*"*"*"*
  follow me back 
  ditto 
  thatsss betterrrr
  hahaaaaaaaa aaaaaaalllrighty thenn! Lol
  ohhh hahaa well I'm afraid we wouldn't do that anyways. I don't think my bf would like ittt. Lol.
  what does cake mean?
  I ain't neither of thoooooossseeee quit frontin or I will ONLY be ur homie.
  hahaaaaa I think its quite annoying actually..... Lmao jk jk
  <<<  he's  &&  
  Haha yuup
 RT   >>>>>>>  she  
  and u know Damn well I ain't just, ya "homie" get off that bull ish and call me by my rightful name. Lol
  yes, east Texas is verrrry country. Even if u don't consider urself country, if u from there, u gon have a country accent. Lol.
  well then howdy there ol cowpoke Haha
  cuz I'm... sittin sidewayzz, boys ina dazzze Lmao.
  in a little town called sealy tx. Lol. Na, I'm not country, but I do love riding horses. I'm an urban cowgirl. Hahaaaa
  just got done eating lunch, bouta hop in the shower. Debating on whether or not I wanna ride horses tomorrow. Lol.
 RT  New FOLLWERs that Follow BACK!        
 RT   If your in the H-Town surronding areas add  and show her that H-Town love maine.  
  thaaaaaanks!
  this is true. Lol
  pretttyy cool. Can u get me some more htown followers bruh bruh? Lol
  Haha. Aww don't be bored at work, at least u have a job. Some ppl don't. Make that money playaplayaaaa! Lol
  yezzir I am from the H baybayyy lol northwest side for me. What bout uuuu?
  not much what's up witchya
  <<<<  
  <<<<  
 RT    
 RT   following via  UK
 RT  Follow  RT   to my new followers <3    Add 
  to my new followers <3 
 Oh yeah, one more thing....    
 Alright twiggas I'm going to sleep. I will follow whoever back in the morning.<3 be blessed!
 I know what my next tattoo is gonna be. It's gonna be big. Ima draw it add i'll post pics when I'm done.
 I give Twitter another year before it becomes a full fledged porn site. Smmfh
  to my new  
  <<< 
 RT  follow  
 RT  R E T W E E T If you want a ShoutOut to my 16,000+ Followers R E T W E E T For a Shout Out 
 RT  The only reason someone will back-stab you is because you're ahead from them. (
 RT            
 Wtf are u talking about?
 I wish there was a way u could figure out who unfollows u after u follow them. Sure would be nice... sneaky bitches . Smh
  to my new followers 
  sowwiiiii lol
  <<<<  
 I'm fuckin awesome -- Plies
 I wanna get cognitively impaired.
 Hmmmm.
 RT  I personally don't want to see any movie in 3D. I don't go to theaters for a seizure (lmao)
 RT  R E T W E E T IF YOU  AND ILL SHOUT U OUT TO MY 3 K+ FOLLOWERS PROMISE =D  
 RT   VISIT www.TeamAutoFollow.com to gain 70+      
 I need some triple A batteries so I can change the station on my tv. Smh.
 I think an eating contest would be the most disgusting thing to watch. Smh.
 RT   Nurses in uniform are very sexy to me!! (im a nurse! Hey heyyyy lol)
  why the fuck u keep talking about "crackers"? U hungry or sumn? Smmfh
 I could have changed my own Damn oil. Smh.
 I should get a discount.
 HURRRRYYYYY UUUUUPPPPPPPPP! I got some Dick to get! Damn!
 Ooo, u can change my oil any day! Hahahaaaaaaaaaaa jk these men are faggggssss
 I'm bout to offer to flash this man if he will get me outta here in thirty minutes. Smfh.
 Getting the oil changed is a man's job. Smh. I need a boyfriend. Lol.
  bellylicious
  bootylicious
  twinkie
  king sized
  golden corral
  Wendy
  one ton lover
  greasy crease
  lol I was just playin wit ya. Great minds think alike. ;-)
 RT   Cookies and Cream <<< Heyyy ur stealing my shit! Lol
  buffet, "cuz I'm all u can eat" Bahahaaaaaaa
  precious
  tina tubby
  marsha mallows
  cookies n cream
  tiny
   
  I am now so get on it fuck ass
  Google talk me beebeeeeeee
  is Twitter for black ppl only or some. shit? Wtf is up with TT about white ppl? Smmfh
  that's good. Keep up the good work!
  Damn ittttt my covers don't fit any more! Smh
  I finally put that protector thing on the back part of my phone. Ima put it on the front part tonight before I go to bed.
  isn't it like 4.99?
  that's good. I'm soo glad to be done with mine (for the time being) u still ballin?
  true true true. So how's school in the LBK or whatever. lol
  Smh. Always tellin me wrong shit. Lol I like this one but I can only say so much.
  one day u will learn what pisses me off and you won't do it. And if u never realize, then 
  shiiit, I ain't young. I'm old! 22 already. Haha.
  that's stupid. My twidroid had it on there automatically. Smh.
  that u looked good in those jeans and that shirt? Muffin, they were lying!
  lol Awww I was just kidding!
 RT  let me know if u think im ugly  (omg ur hideous! Lmao jk jk jk)
  ohhh okay. Lol. Got it. And I think that my text messages are in the process of deleting lol. Does this app have twit longer?
  why yes, yes u do. Haha. Aw I miss u Gregory! Lol.
  now I feel dumb. But I don't. Was it a drug dealer? Lmao
  Haha ur new name sounds like a girl. Lol jk
  hell naw that ain't soft! That's wonderful! Lol
 RT  -Mhm! RT  For all u NORMAL ppl acting like CELEBRITIES on Twitter, get a fucking life (cont) 
  what does fmr meannnnnnn?
 For all u NORMAL ppl acting like CELEBRITIES on Twitter, get a fucking life and get ur head out of ur ass. 
  cuz its a dog eat dog world out there lance. Lol.
 RT  relationships are pointless. we live in a selfish, user mentality world where everybody is about (cont) 
 Why do ppl have pictures of celebrities as they main pic? That must mean u ugly. Smdh. 
 RT  bout to give shoutout to my 32,900 followers to help people in need of follow most be (cont) 
  follow me please. :-)
  u have to promote me back. Which u never ever do.
  shit, ain't been no one worth talking to. Lol
    had a party last night. Lol
 I'm Such a cowgirl. I know how to riiiiiiiide. ;-)
 Gonna ride me some horses today and break their pride and make em tame. Mmhmmm. Lol
 Omg I need to go to bed. Haha
  my homemade enchiladas. Mmmmmm
 what the fuck is up with the  TT? i have not said any of that bs yall spittin. smh
  i have never used the word creep in my life thank you very much. lol
 worthless POS... smfh
 i didnt even have to TOUCH you and you got ROCK HARD....haha...and you wanna fuck up what we had over some rolly pollie bitches...smmfh
  ya boy lance gone off the deep end homie.... for real. smmfh
 RT   If your born in June
 i'll see you in my nightmares.....
  if you were TRUE and FAITHFUL to your man just to have them LIE and DECEIVE you,  this and stand strong!!!!
 liars are a dime a dozen...watch for them sneaky snakes cuz they slither in the grass...
 That's the last lie you will EVER tell me..... and I can PROMISE you that!!!
 RT  There is no perfect person, just as you are not perfect. But perfect love is still possible to be built.
 RT  It's okay to make mistakes, but it's not okay to make the same mistake over and over again. If (cont) 
 What does  mean? Lol
 RT  It's a lie to think you are not good enough, it's a lie to think you are not worth anything. (cont) 
 My tummy hurts. :-(
  true, true.
 it amazes me how ppl think that just because they have a big ass, it makes them pretty. smfh no, it doesnt. sorry.
  lol i know the grayish ones are called salt & pepper moths...i think...or maybe i made that up. hahaaaaaaaaaa
  and i read it...i dunno..stuff like that makes me mad cuz there are ignorant ppl who wanna say that white girls are less n shit
  nah, cuz he be fillin my timeline with nonsense
  haha a white moth??? thats all i see down here in texasssss
 i absolutely cannot STTTAAAAANNNND trifling hoes!!! you didnt say one word to him until u saw he was taken. smmfh. ugly fat skanky hoe.
   ;-)
 trifling bitches are the ones that text your man after you tell them to stop and say, "we just friends"... BITCH!! u aint his fuckin friend!
 you say you know.... but you may not  even know....
  those girls on ur timeline. Sorry, but they are.  :-X
  lol i painted her toenails and fingernails.
 ur an ugly mu fucka..... 
 oh mm gee
 It's Friday bitchezzzzzz!!!!
 RT  The happiest people in this world don't have it all, they just make the best of what they got.
 Bout to go to sleep. Goodnight.
 Man, reading some of yalls tweets make me that much more thankful to have my man. Smh.
 RT  Team "iiii" 4 weed legalization lol       
  OHH haaaaaaa!
  IIIIIIIIIIIIIII!
 Do YOU stop at the stop sign when there is no one else around???
 One day ima get on a computer and unfollow all u motherfuckers that unfollowed me. Bitches
 RT      
 U got a fat ass neck!
 RT   *hides*  (????)
  I glued in her extensions and cut and styled them. Haters.
 About to glue my sisters extensions in.
  pretty
 Ima gangsta, gangsta, gangsta, G-A-N-G-S-T-A.
 Rain is a good thing
 Why ppl stare even when I look like shit?
 I swear they call u and keep you on the phone because they know I'm here with you. Smh.
 RT  Being fake should be a sin (yessss. It's just the same as lying.)
 Hurry up. Shit.
 RT  RT  ur tweets make me laff<< da fact u have hips lika white dude make me laff...  (lmfao)
 He sees it as jealousy. She sees it as not wanting ANYTHING to come in the way of your love.
 Like really?
 The shit u say makes me dream about it. Smh....
 Have u ever wondered why the hell he with u if he treat u so bad all the time then act like its your fault?
  don't say shit to ur girl about her weight when ur mad. That is the biggest no no ever. U know Damn well she turns u on.
 I know I'm cute but Damn. I ain't miss universe. Look somewhere else, shit.
 It makes me laugh when ppl computer enhance they Twitter pictures to make they butt look bigger and u can see (cont) 
 I don't think I like this... lol.
   telling him u want him to per on ur face because everyone does it... na bitch, u  u pull that shit.
 RT   Do the Rodeo..Grab her hair while hitting it from the back and whisper to her (cont) 
 I can honestly say that I am probably smoking potpourri right now. Smh. Legal bud? This shit blows.
 I need a q-tip for my ear because it itches.
 Idk if I like this....
 "they were all pale as fuck, red headed, speaking Spanish... and they were Jewish!" Lmao. Smh.
 I honestly don't even know why I'm here. For real. U ain't even the same when u smoke.
 Man. Being sober sucks so much ass. especially when ppl smoking right in front of u. Smh.
 There is something in my eye and it won't come ouuuttttt! :-(
 Good night Twitter!
    
 RT   , if you don't treat her well... someone else will. (
 RT   hug her from behind.
 RT   don't you love her smile? Then give her reasons to smile, not cry
 RT   don't ever go back to a guy who once hit you.
  it takes forever to load. Ima let u look at it tonight and see if u can fix it.
 I get to see my baby todayyyyy!
  :-* :-*
     but if u follow me just so I follow back, then unfollow me, I will unfollow ur ass. 
 Monday Monday Monday!
 I love me some raisin bran! Haha
 Good morning Twitter!
 Goodnight Twitter <3
  yes. On a Sunday. Lol. Don't act like u never done it.
  what's the matter?
       
  just took three shots of ciroc redberry. Feelin pretty much like an alcoholic right now.  Smh. IDGAF!!!!!
 I will FUCK a bitch up. Don't EVEN try me. Stupid ugly ass trifling hoes. You better move the FUCK around if u know wats good 4 ur lame ass!
 RT  Good morning twitter fam......up thanking God for blessing me with another day 
      
 I had to change my Twitter name.
 i dont understand why you follow half naked bitches on twitter....you have a girlfriend....ME!!!
 i would list yall but i dont know how. lol
 Wtf I look like? Hell naw I ain't gonna follow back a half naked bitch. Sorry. Smh
  Awww baby I wish I was there to kiss it.
 RT  On the beltway n it's 1.50 n the sign says no pennies n I threw like 89 pennies in  lol (lmao I do it too!)
     
 Hello Twitter babies! Lol
 Man, my baby is so Damn fine.
 On this ciroc redberry u hurrd. Me and   bouta be off. Hahaaaaaaa!
 RT  lots of twitter followers:  please retweet:   (cont) 
  <<<<      
 RT  everybody follow this girlie   
 I love naps.  The only thing I dont like about them is having to get up from them. Haha. Oh well, PARTY TONIGHT!!
  <<< cool dude.      
 RT         
  will have bushy ass eyebrows & make pouty faces & wear wigs every day like its normal.  Smh that shit ain't normal.
 How old is  Like 12? Why he always singing bout love? That toddler don't know nothin bout love. Smh.
 How are my lovely followers doing today?
  oh Haha Lmao I just unlocked mine.
  you need to unlock your profile baby, it will help u get followers.
 RT  RT  thank GOD for this beautiful day
 Telling my bff stories about the crackhead stepmom. I swear... I could have a series on u tube about this shit. Smh
 Damn I love him..... Smh
  I do! Haha cuz o just got it lol
 I wuv my baby  and can't wait to get nasty with him on Skype later. Haha
  ur the only one I have Haha
 Got a Skype swmiksch
 If all men were like the ones on  then I would be a fucking lesbian.
  me katie and the babies were dancing. Lol
 Omg. Too much fun too much fun.
 These children are climbing up the walls! They bout to find out that say say don't play!
  I love you favorite!
  yay! Lol. We gon get fuuuucked up.
  I wuv u and I'm essited about tomorrow. :-*
  Wtf? Are u schizophrenic?
  follow me back or I'm unfollowing.
  you are not!! Lol
  my sweet addy
 I see u... picking yo Damn nose. Smh
  hahha thanks!
 He say I'm bad, he prolly right...
  I would like to think so. If not its a money back guarantee.
 !*!*!*!*!*! Yall    cuz he's the best and he's     so    !*!*!*!*!*!
  follow me please :)
   to my new followers <3
  <<<<     
 RT           
 That fool says "i don't believe in the lie detector" .......... pfffaaahahahahahahaaaaaa!
 These some dumb ass bitches. Smh
    
 Ahh hell. Maury bouta go 
 Maybe if yo  as got a fuckin job my dad could afford to fix my Damn car. Crackhead bitch. Smh. This test can't come fast enough.
 At least the wind is blowing.
  the mechanic... I'm the only woman here wit bout 10 men who stare. Smh. Lol
 RT  what what in the butt (lmao u are crazy Smh lol)
 RT  RT  Thank God For the day he has made. I will rejoice and be glad in it! (
  the mechanic watching the first 48 ... Smh. At least they have good tv.
   good morning my love :-*
 Fuck all yall who follow me just so I will follow back then unfollow me. U dont think I catch yo ass? WELL I DO!
 RT  Retweet this to help us win a copy of The Indie Bible courtesy of  Most Retweets wins! 
 I'm up yall. Good morning and  to my new   I'm working off of 3 hours of sleep so ignore me if I'm cranky tweeting today
 Okay, I really have to sleep. Night lovers.
  welcome
  night night
  you don't have to reply to the  things, they are trending topics, so whenever u put  in front (cont) 
  shoot, bout to take my ass to sleep. It's 4:55 am here in h town. Smh insomnia is a bitch.
  yezzir
  Haha i'd be praying like a mufucka
  shiiit the previews freak me out. Haha I change the channel every time. :(
  <<<   
  <<<<     
  what are ur symptoms?
 RT  my tummy hurt im bout to lay down i need a sexy nurse (im a nurse! )
 RT   <<==   PLZ HELP ME Get Followers
 aight I'm goin 2 bed. It was fun  ING wit yall, but a chick gotta get her beauty sleep.   to my new followers 
 RT   Rt joe money single  ("no shirts tattoos") link ----> 
   to demand a popsicle so he can eat it while he takes a bath
   to purposely drop the bar of soap in the boys locker room showers just to see what happens
   whose favorite movie is the little mermaid
   to start a fan club for himself and will only allow himself to be president of it.
   to try and suck his own Dick
   to shave his ass hole "just in case" he gets violated
 RT   to eat cereal with a knife. 
   to eat his boogers when he thinks no one is looking
 RT   to ask Birdman for a piggy back ride to the studio.... (bahaahaaaa)
   to try and get whoever started this  banned from Twitter
  to sing and dance every time the new snuggie commercial comes on
  who still makes his mom tuck him in at night
   to get chosen last at sports
 I love how these fan page ppl really think they are special. Man you ain't famous, stop trying to take up for a clique that dgaf bout u. Smh
 RT   to wear a grandma hat to church. (smh Lmao)
   to make his date watch re-runs of degrassi while he mimics every line
   to masturbate to a picture of himself
   to wear man-thongs because he claims they make his jeans fit nicer.
   that wore makeup even BEFORE he was on tv
   that got his lunch money stolen in junior high... maybe even highschool idk
  to pay someone to wipe his ass for him
   to set cookies out for Santa claus and wear footie pajamas on Christmas eve
   to suck his thumb at night
 RT   to drink his alcohol out of a sippy cup (bahahaaaa!)
 RT  does anyone remember the crabs from Finding Nemo? (haha and the seagulls "mine mine mine")
 Grr. I hate when my app fucks up.
 RT   to get on Trey Songz
 RT   to go on a Michael Jackson special and break down saying he was the (cont) 
 RT   to lay at the bottom of the stairs and wait for his slinky to come down (this literally made Me lol)
  you love us stop frontin
  thanks for the follow :-)
 Alright, I'm goin to bed. If u follow me I will follow back in the morning. Sweetdreams! 
   to cry when he watches "Lassie comes home"
 RT  sleep is good but sex is even better (yezzir)
 RT   Your follower count is obsolete if u dont have listeners! (
  to practice the faces he makes in the mirror every morning
  I was telling ppl to follow you so you can tell ppl to follow me In return. Haha
  :) thanks homie
  I know.... ? Lol
