 RT   god rested on the 7th day so he could watch football. I'm a devout Mormon, I'd be there. Good family ac ...
 RT  [Hushed voice] You tell Landon I know where that motherf*cker lives & this isn't over. I won't hold back. Except on  ...
 HIUZZAH  Bob Bradley has been relieved of his duties as the head coach of the  More info: "
  tell him you need a vacation and when he asks how you know that 3 months in advance say 'I used my clairvoyant space brain'
  tell them to RESPECT MY AUTHORTA and run out the door.
 You know what sucks about this 15 day headache (aside from the obvious)? It's like someone turned up the setti… (cont) 
  that's fine.  Keri you are lame times a million.
  yup
  sounds good to me.
  that is for the entire week?
  You can't prove that with documentation.
 I had a dream about work last night and when I woke up I was tapping my headboard like I was trying to clear the uscan out. Awesome. 
  If that was a Zoolander reference awesome and even if it wasn't I still approveve.
 Dear appetite, Any day you'd like to come back would be awesome. Thanks.
 How is that a game that came out in 2000, that I have already beaten, has drawn me in more than 95% of the new games I've played recently?
 You guys Pinky, my iPod of like 5 years, died tonight.  That makes me a sad panda. RIP 1st generation nano ipod.
 Anyone want to go see Harry Potter with me tomorrow? Maybe the last matinee of the day so I can sleep? Text or call me.
 A death is a death whether committed by a murderer or the persons own hand. There isn't a ranking system so st… (cont) 
 With this Amy Winehouse thing & people saying that they don't care 'b/c she had an addiction' and 'the peopl… (cont) 
  so I have a long time friend that is a few hours from Boston I want to have dinner with at some point. Hope that's okay :)
 I was waiting for a light today a guy crossed the street wearing a t-shirt with a giant american flag and a mini  shield. YES
 You know how people say 'In Nolan We Trust' with the batman movies? I'm adding 'In Marvel Studios We Trust' be… (cont) 
  Both because 3/4 of the theater I was in left before the trailer. It's a Marvel movie in the  canon.
  One of my favorite movies of the year and moving into my top 10. 2012 is going to be amazing with  and 
  I did as well and In retrospect I'm not surprised. I don't think they were expecting First Class to do as well as it did.
 Attention everyone I have 2 things to say: 1. Captain America was awesome go see it. 2. Stay through the credits because it's a marvel movie
 I have the worlds biggest knot in my left shoulder right now. It hurts so much I don't think anyone can massage it out. 
 Yeah weirdo! "  stop being a weirdo and use Facebook for the groups and events. 
  rent = lame. Seeing   and me = not lame.
  yessss
   you should buy plane tickets too!
  now buy a plane ticket!
 Check this video out -- The HEAVY "Short change hero" (2009)  via 
 Guys, I am finally come out of the closet...because the migraine has passed.
 Well Conor Casey when you play like a thug karma is going to come around and bite you in the ass. Just sayin.
 If one more person insulates that this is all in my head I am going to go legit batshit insane. Or walk int… (cont) 
  wtf One of my flights was delayed 3 hours, I would have missed my connection, had to take another the next day and got nothing.
 RT  100% calling in this Harry Potter guy now that he's free for the Mexico friendly in August. Leftmotherfrickingback,  ...
  I know :D
  you? In short sleeves? I don't believe it.
  crying so it's a little late for that.
 I fucking called it. I knew it.
 RT  I've decided I'm going to actually give it a go in BOTH halves this time v Mexico in August. Two-a-day, double prepa ...
 Come on, just make the god damn phone call, come on...
 RT  Sunday's  final on  btwn  and Japan scores 8.6 overnight rtg. Incredible.
   I was about to say of all people...I take that back; Kali I can totally see you kicking the shit out of someone.
   Wait, seriously?
  mmm skymiles.
 Now I'm about to buy my ticket to see  from September 15-19. I can't wait to see all of my friends!
 Booked my ticket to Boston for Oct27-Nov3 to see   &  (<--you don't have a choice you're coming) for $10.
 I need a color. Just a random color, nothing too exotic, and we'll go from there. There is a point to this. Promise.
 RT   still better than the 
 RT  These refs are good. Why can't MLS have refs like this? Maybe they need to be women.
  that's how soccer works?
 USA GOAL!  1-0 73rd
 GO LADY YANKS! USA USA 
  I'm buying my ticket when I get home. :D
  so I promise this isn't a completely random question but what is your favorite color?
  we have like 5 people in Vancouver right now who got screwed. Is there going to be any way to compensate them?
  it is happening right? I can make my way to wherever if I have to. I just don't know how long 25k ticket will last.
  pencils acquired. Apparently when in doubt go to the dollar store.
  so I ran around trying to find pencils for the custom pencil and know where I found some. The $1 store. Now to find varnish.
  Since I can use miles the sooner I can book the better. Will someone be there at 4pm when I fly in and 4ish to drop me off?
  Who has two thumbs and found out she has enough miles to get to Boston? This guy.
  would lacquer would work for the custom pencils?
 No one should still be in this much pain after the highest recommendation of migraine meds and 400mg of Ibuprofen. Fuck migraines.
 RT  Damn! I've been found out! Everything was going so smoothly until this clever little church group blew my cover...  ht ...
  I am so proud to call you guys my home team. So so proud. And those pictures are adorable.
  Is that why when I try to log in from anywhere it gives me an error like I'm not signed up at all?
 Plans for the day; therapy then crafting the things for   and Lauren then writing until I need to nap before work.
 I'm starting to think that getting shot in the head would hurt less than this five day headache/migraine.
  idk idk [stresses out] Let's get designs does by next week, earlier the better, and I'll get started.
  so provided my math doesn't suck I have to make 3 bookmarks and 6 pencils a week for everything to be ready by November.
 Double rainbow outside of work the other day. 
  Million today. Invest the hell out of that shit and go from there.
  So is there any chance I could still get a tutorial for this? 
 tumblrbot asked: WHERE WOULD YOU MOST LIKE TO VISIT ON YOUR PLANET? 
 BOOM headshot.
 I'm just going to come out and say it: right now the  would kick the shit out of the  Just sayyyin.
 Well that was painful 
  and I learned something new.
  it looked offsides from the feed we're watching.
  how was that not offsides?
 RT  
  and tweeting you naughty thing.
  Laria, my love, any idea what university Ariadne was more than likely attending? I looked online but didn't seem to find anything
 Meeting  for lunch so we can discuss our  kick-off before Oct since we're probably going to have to rent a place
  just make sure they don't loot the bar during the riot.
  zamzar.com
  you're so sweet
  I wish I was on my way to Orlando to see you :(
  yeah that one I was going to write like 3 months ago.
  so guess who started writing fic again last night.
 Total damage for the summer Steam sale was $48.77 for 6 games one of which was Portal 2. Now the sale needs to end so I stop spending money.
 I really need my muse to come back. It's really starting to put a damper on my mood and I don't like it when that happens.
  can you recommend any must have blue rays I should look into? Have some extra $$ from the holidays and I want movies.
 RT   is officially the dumbest trend in the history of twitter.
 'Strip n'go naked' - 1 six pack of beer, 1 can of frozen pink lemonade, 1 cup vodka. Mix and enjoy. (via a customer) 
 I've had, idk, naps all night I guess? I dream so I'm pretty sure I'm getting REM sleep it just doesn't last long. A little irritating tbh.
  This was at work so no pictures. And her tits were tiny anyway.
 Dear girl wearing the 'Los Fucking Angeles' shirt with no bra, You are making your state look awesome. Keep at it and stay classy.
 The summer Steam sale is going to kill my bank account. Killll.
 Of course I feel like I'm going to puke. Of course I'm getting hot/cold flashes. Of course this happens when I need to sleep. OF COURSE 
  Someone said they saw you spit out blood tonight? Everything a-okay?
  yes I'm sure they've loved the three fires so far.
 Dear  earn a goal that isn't from an terrible call. Love, 
 Just when I think  refs can't get worse this happens...
  wtf just happened?
 If given the choice I'll always pick FPS's on the PC over consoles even if I do miss out on some games. The mouse makes all the difference
  Any other issues with  Also what are you doing awake?
  So is  still happening this year?
 RT  Maybe olave sent all the "victory gold" kits to columbia so we never have to see them again
 Oh hi paycheck! How nice to see you--where did you go? What the hell? You were just here! Did you learn magic because you just vanished?
  both of which I have DVD's for. I'm looking for something I don't already own.
 I'm going to Best Buy to get a memory card and I want to buy a Blue Ray. Already getting Sucker Punch and I own Inception what should I get?
 Not bloody likely With  and  lockouts, maybe it's time for  to become the top sport in America? 
  walking out the door to go to work. Let me know if it's still going on tomorrow.
 Deeply moved by how much the  community has rushed forward to help artist Allison from  (cont) 
 Who has two thumbs and hasn't slept yet but it's totally not their fault because really they tried for hours? This guy.
  There's only so much you can do. I like hosting the write-in's and being a ML but they are treating you like shit.
  What are they going to do? Sue you? It's not like you can copyright an event or action.
 If this is allergies I have never had allergies this bad before. I want to crawl into a hole and die.
 I'm going to bed and if anyone calls me before 3pm shit is going to hit the fan.
 It astounds and breaks my heart how many women I meet that are either rape victims or victims of sexual assault. I love every one of you. <3
 I miss my loves   and  I can't wait until October. And I always miss  <3
 RT  I don't want to talk about it. Leave me alone. I'm sharing a milkshake with Borny.
 You know what I love about following  You get all of the soccer commentary and no filter because no one can do anything about it
  please and thank you.
 Oh FFS why can't I sleep? Oh I know; I'm either getting my ass kicked by allergies or getting sick both of which suck.
  You should do a COMICS ARE WEIRD Big Picture episode on X-Men since the movie was so good. I'm curious about the details.
 And it's No, Nay, never (hit hit hit) No, nay never no more, Will I play the wild rover, No never no more 
 I cannot sleep for the life of me and sleep is something I need for a weekend of graveyard ->  game -> graveyard.
  ah. I still need to see part one and like half of half blood prince. One of these day.
  what movie? I've been seeing a bunch lately.
 Dear OpenOffice, Die in a god damn fire. I want to add page numbers. Page numbers! And you not only make i… (cont) 
  one of my friends I work with wants to move to SLC but she's only 19.
 Green Lantern was okay. It wasn't as bad as  made it sound but it could have been much better.
   ah ha ha ha I love you guys.
   I like how you both respond within 5 minutes of each other :)
 ... when I say how many years I've had season tickets. Kindly screw off, thanks.
 Dear Janitor, thank you for insulting me by saying 'girls like soccer?' and then looking at me like I have three heads...
 RT  Any man can be a father but it takes a real one to be a dad.  
   where are you guys?
 The ships have come to carry you home, And all will turn, To silver glass, A light on the water, Grey ships pass, Into the West
 RT  There are three stages to writing a script: Being unable to start it, being stuck in the middle, and being unable t ...
 Boy howdy did sleeping through my alarm yesterday mess me up. Dear body, I need to sleep please. Thank you.
 All right Green Lantern comes out on Friday and I want to see it, any takers?
 RT  Indoor camping is when you sleep on a mattress in your livingroom after attempting to set up your wifi and failing.
 Great rainbow over SLC from my roof (through the door I don't have a key). 
  No I am. I have no idea what they're doing.
 I keep waking up, crawling out of bed, doing something for about an hour and then going back to bed again.
 "We are calling because I see that you canceled your order with comcast online." You have got to be joking.
 I think I'm going to try and take my parents to a movie tomorrow thanking them for helping me move.
  One would think I would idealize someone so they aren't a jerk but my mind seems to like realism despite my favorite genre
 I had a dream last night about a person who upsets, hurts and frustrates me. In my dream they upset, hurt and frustrated me.
 Now, we must all fear evil men. But there is another kind of evil which we must fear most, and that is the indifference of good men.
 RT  Dramamine no longer necessary to watch KC home matches on TV. Beautiful visuals
  I could go take a look if you point me in the right direction probably tomorrow since I need to go to PC today.
  okay I'll get the number when I go to PC to sort through some donations later today. How big of a room are we looking for?
  mmm food. Can we reserve the city library yet? I could take care of that.
 RT  Burn all your pants because fuck pants.
  oh score. Is there anyone you need me to get in contact with?
  and where is The Leo? We can grab lunch there some time and check it out now that I'm not locked away in PC
  tomorrow but they gave me a smoking deal so I'm okay with an extra 48 hours.
  dude those things can't be cheap; cut several bitches until you find out who it was.
  thanks for helping me get in touch with a competitant comcast employee.
 Quote of the Day: while discussing beer with a man he said: I'm Irish and German; I get drunk and declare war on myself.
  I sent you an email. Let me know if you need anymore information.
 I saw this outside the Smith's on 500 Saturday. This may be old news but I though it was hysterical. 
 Figures I go to bed early and wake up at 5am. Well I found more stuff to donate at least.
  bros stoning bros is on. I'll let you know how this goes.
  dude don't yell at any retailer anywhere.
  hey Jen take pictures. My room is just small and I don't have anywhere to put them without having to buy something.
  where do you keep yours?
  where do you keep them all? I have these really cute throw pillows but you can't see them with all of the stuffed animals.
  glad to be at service. Btw you have a lot of stuffed animals right?
  all right. Thank god for smart phones I suppose.
  oh that was a good unintensional slip on my part.
  well I'd like to know how my account was canceled when I had a tech show up two days early.
  I don't see any spelling mistakes besides a run on sentence.
 Boy does it ever sleep volumes about my life that I slept for more than three hours when the sun was down.
 I call them back and then they say my account was canceled. No internet until the 11th now.
 Fan-fucking-tastic. I foeget to set my phone from vibrate, comcast calls to come install two days before they are due,
 RT  Just wrote "he gets rescued from pirates by a timetravelling dinosaur in a hot air balloon" as a note to myself for tom ...
 And X-Men was god damn amazing. I might pay to go see it again; it was that good.
  it's actually really well written.
 I should note that I am being a little sarcastic. I just hate being sick & throwing up for doing something as simple as eating a full PB&J.
 I should stop eating all together. Either I eat too little, my blood sugar crashes and I get sick or I end up eating too much and feel sick.
  I can't tell; what is our line up and who is on the bench?
 I almost feel hungover w/out the fun of drinking. I don't think I'm going to make it to the  game. Maybe watch it at the pub.
 I just feel so weak today. Sick to my stomach, wicked bad headache, insanely sore back and no energy.
  yes, tell him and the two other creepers that came in ~10 minutes later to go away.
 Dear Old guy, Standing behind me and saying 'are we dancing' while I ring you up & 'that was romantic we should do it again' was creepy
  om nom nom nom?
 I could open my own library with my book donations. 
  Supernatural is pretty awesome and Reaper is hysterical. Going to throw out Doctor Who & Six Feet Under too.
  we are ammending the rules that you can switch for a cold since keystone is horrible enough without being warm.
  so my roommate and I have to decided to play 'bro's icing bro's' only with Keystone; bro's stoning bro's.
  mice included?
  you know you're a bunch a bigots when the KKK disagrees with you.
 I'd just like to make a note that I really, really hate moving. Now I'm starting to panic that I won't have room for everything.
 Moving both of my towers, PS3 and 360 to SLC today because I don't want them to get broken. I'll have my phone and netbook still. though.
  Hey ref, get off you're knees, you're blowing the game.
  commented though whether it makes any sense might be up for debate.
 Yeah I know it's 3pm but I didn't fall asleep until after 9am so whatever I'm still tired.
  Well you know that we can't be happy with our bodies or we're narcissistic right?
  how does wanting to lose weight make you a bad feminist?
 RT  ABORTION IS THE ONLY MEDICAL PROCEDURE TO REQUIRE TWO DOCTORS' APPROVAL BECAUSE APPARENTLY WOMEN ARE TOO THICK TO C ...
 Moment of the Day: the person walking around the store barefoot dressed like an alligator at 330am. What. The. Hell.
 I'm at Rio Tinto drinking a beer and having a milkshake in the spring sun. Where are you? 
 Find of the night; a sox sticker attached to a cart and my improvements. You're welcome. 
  you already have.  I just have people go 'oh you wrote a book I'll buy one" and then I check my sales and nothing
 Time for some honesty people; how many of you would really read a full length novel written by me. I'm just curious.
  More like my mom. She reads like 5+ books a week. Not me; the 40 something copies I've sold were 95% out of state.
  So, funny story, I just got the email.
  twitter breaks on a regular basis. Don't take it personally.
  Any word how much longer we're going to be?
 Maybe Kreis will use this act of God to tell his team to get their shit together. 
  is the  happening a day late?
  We look like Columbus though and that is just terrible.
  why do we keep pushing the 'victory gold' kilts when we have never won in them?
 Going to bed. If anyone needs me I'll call them.
  'Dear world, it didn't happen just fyi. Later d00dz.'
  were you credited?
  Boom head shot. Mine is pretty awesome too.
  I just got home from work and I work another graveyard tonight so it's very possible.
 I'm off to bed. If I sleep through the  someone let me know. If not I plan on spending it sniping people in 
  take that back.
  I've been packing for a while too, at least a week or more, but that last box of crap is annoying.
  Moving friday hopefully. & packing does suck. I feel like I have too much stuff but in retrospect 1/2 of my boxes are books.
  Salt Lake provided this place works out.
 Dear moving, Please suck less. Love, me. PS: Seriously, where did all of this stuff come from?
 Mothersbaugh's Canon by Mark Mothersbaugh   - There are not enough words to describe how beautiful this song is.
 Dear anyone I know who owns a  If you have not played Limbo yet go fix that right now. Love, the-girl… (cont) 
 Quote of the Day: 2 girls maybe 17 in skanky prom dresses: "do you guys have, like, plastic cups and ping-pong balls?" Stay classy PC teens
 So how many times do we need to find the back of the net before it counts? 
 But she's not afraid to die, the people all call her Alaska. Between worlds so the people ask her 'cause it's all in her mind.
 I've resorted to wrapping my arm in an ace bandage. I don't care if that makes me a wuss something even touching it hurts like hell. 
 Whoever has the number 832-689-1231 stop calling me. Stop texting me. Kindly bugger off. Thank you.
 Sunburn on a hyper sensitive person a week later. Yay. 
 I'm totally making one of these. It's so cute! Thanks  RT   What about:  
 No RCB shirt for me at the   game. The sunburn on my arm from last week is looking really bad. Long sleeve jersey for me. 
  d'oh I missed it :( this is what happens when I put something off until I get paid.
  you're awesome; take your time :)
  not even a little! Season just started the end of March and it's finally  warm enough that I don't need to wear a hat.
  I'm actually really bad at this a quick 'how to' would be amazing and I'd love you forever.
  adorable! That's perfect!
  that's so cute! Would it be easy to add a third color in there? Maybe paint some better on the sides?
  Now with me typing the proper time! And my joke is kind of lame the 2nd time. "If you leave at 3:13 I swear you're fired!"
 So I think I'm going to get off my lazy ass and get my own copy of The Orange Box. However, I already own a co… (cont) 
  Let me know if you hear anything else. I'm all about paying a fee once and being done with it.
 I've been up since 9:30 but I can't get the motivation to get up. Bed is comfortable and getting out of bed means facing another work day.
  do members get discounts on the scarfs when they get made?
  microsoft is offering life long suscriptions? How much?
 My mom is helping me put together a recipe book since I've always sucked at cooking. I'm looking for easy thin… (cont) 
 I'm really just having one of those days when I want to burst into tears for no real reason 
  Obviously we're not doing a good job if you can still type on it. (
  As do I!
  As I should be getting ready but that is no excuse to ignore twitter >_> amirite?
  And make sure you don't look him in the eye ( pay attention!)
  Obvious fact of the day: The French are retarded.
  I don't know...I bet that guy from the overpass would be willing to share. (
  I move that we have an emergency BFF meeting. In Florida. Where it is warm. (There is still snow on the mountains /cry)
 I slept for something like 10+ hours last night and I could still spend the rest of the day in bed. I'm not lazy; I'm just exhausted. 
  I want to make a hair clip with the colors of my local soccer team. Maybe with ribbon? Any ideas?
  We should do this with Colorado somehow. 
  What happened? I loves you.
 This bullshit with trying to find somewhere to live is really starting to get to me.
 I am so royally fucked next weekend. I'm going to put my body to the test that's for sure.
  are you really that surprised?
  How true that it is. Lizzy and Gia are and were great cars.
  owwww. I'll have to post pictures it's pretty impressive. Impressively bad anyway.
 Check this video out -- "Salt Lake 'Til I Die" Fan Video - May 2011  via 
 Oh my holy sunburn. 
 RT  The bone breaking in MLS goes back to the poor officiating. When players think they can get away with stuff it gets out of hand.
  can I have a link to the Salt Lake Til I Die video that was shown today?
  you are 100% in my thoughts right now. Feel better soon!
 RT  Next time I see this mofo Mondaini He will receive a glasgow kiss for what he just did to my boy  fu**ing idiot.
  south end is cheering for you and your family.
 RT  Mondaini's tackle is the worst so far. Dude had 0% chance to get the ball. You can't even make an excuse that he was tryi ...
 RT   When is the league going to do something about this? MLS is becoming unwatchable - soon only the thugs wil ...
   and  are crossing our fingers for you.
 You know what sucks? Migraines at work. Want to hide in a closet.
  I saw a protest sign for Westboro Baptist and it said 'drink the kool-aid already'
 May the 4th be with you. 
  I'm getting flamed for being a know-it-all for calling bullshit on that quote. Internet is srs biznez.
   was there too!
 RT  Dear hipster douche behind me, You're NOT Chuck Bass. The ascot needs to go. Love, Blair Waldorf
  wait when did this happen?
 Hipsters are smug as it is if we lose to  it might cause some sort of major disaster.  needs to pull it together.
 RT  All 3 season tix holders will attend!  “ BEAUTIFUL day at Red Bull Arena. Looking like there will be a ...
   I BELIEVE
 I wonder if I smile nice and bright work would left me off 15 minutes early so I can watch the  vs.  game. 
  really? Seriously?
 Dear     Punch a hipster for me. Now with proper spelling. Love, Katie.
  I'm surprised the hipsters ley them get away with that.
  Portland Wood Chips cut them all down in a display of...I have no idea.
 
 RT  My prince will have hair. 
  A+ response.
 I have a question for you internets: why should I, an American, give a crap about the 
 Wish I had the disposable income to go see  at Portland. I should have hidden in  and  trunk XD
 My blood sugar crashed around 3pm and I have been dizzy/sick to my stomach. And before anyone asks no, I am not hungover, thanks.
 I haven't been this crushed since the USMNT lost to Ghana last summer.
 Someone interrupted my nap before this shift and now my feet are dragging 3 hours before the shift is over. Lame lame lame.
  the MLS has something against us!They want us to lose to make RSL look bettter even though they are doing just fine on their own
 RT   The only team that has a shot against RSL, is the RSL Reserves team.
  I'm all about being generous to opposing fans until the clock starts. Good luck to you as well.
  with all respect it's going to be a hell of a game and you should not be so confident.
  please RT so I can say 'GOOD LUCK' to all of the boys without doing a million tweets since half the team is on twitter.
 All right lovelies I'm in SLC with nothing to do until the pub for the game in 3-4 hours. Anyone want to hang out? Call me.
 The day before a football match is like Christmas Eve only with more booze and better looking men. 
  you are completely fine! I just wanted to make sure the doc worked and such.
  speaking of that did you get my email? :D?
  April snow brings May mud.
 Don't you wish some days you could wake up and decide that you just want a mental health day? I'm having one of those days.
 RT  Why people use Twitter: because updating 100 times a day on Facebook is not socially acceptable.
 Operation 'stay awake' is underway. I have two 21 gallon containers of books filled and I need another one.  Productive day yes please.
 Cups of hot chocolate: 2.
 Mugs of hot chocolate: 1
 Some people say football is a matter of life and death. They're wrong. It's much more than that. - Bill Shankly. ty for showing this Nick.
 Off to bed until 3 or 4 again before my second graveyard. Don't call me; I'll call you (I won't).
 If anyone needs me I'm going to bed now. I won't be awake until 3 or 4 but I work a graveyard so it's okay. Wake me up and feel my wrath. <3
 Drink, drink, wherever we we may be, cause we are the famous SLC, and we don't give a fuck, whoever you may be, cause we are the famous SLC!
  I'm going to assume they've checked your gallbladder already? I was really sick and in a lot of pain before I got mine out.
  EPIC.
 Holy shit I can't remember the last time it was that hard for me to get out of bed. My room was so cold and my bed was so warm and ugh.
  can we pick up our  tickets at will call on game day or can we get them on wednesday?
 Watched the highlights from the  game & I remember when we couldn't win on the road with our A team. How things have changed.
 RT  I'd probably be pissed if I was a Revolution player as well. You're getting your ass kicked by the RSL reserves. Unac ...
 RT  Fun fact:  3 vanquished opponents (LA, San Jose, & NE) are undefeated except for their losses to RSL.
 RT  Best team in MLS? RSL. Next best team in MLS? RSL's second team. 
 Drink, drink, wherever we we may be, cause we are the famous SLC, and we don't give a fuck, whoever you may be, cause we are the famous SLC!
 Even if I am writing tonight I have to go to bed early. Have to. This isn't up for debate.
 This week is like the weather; extreme highs and lows. To keep this metaphor going the 'snow is starting to stick' in so many words.
  I've had a good amount. 10 hours in 48 is not nearly enough for me to see shit.
 Holy shit I just halucinated a bug in my water. What is wrong with me today?
 Graveyard shift came back to bite me in the ass last night. Tossed and turned until 2:30 or so. I am going to sleep in so hard tomorrow.
 I'm off to bed for a few hours. Graveyard shift was pretty awesome actually since it was 95% cleaning and organizing.
 I'm off for a nap before the graveyard shift tonight.  No one call me for the next three hours kthxbai.
  please and thank you. We could go to WWOHP without me being ill.
 Massive blood sugar crash. Eating anything is making me gag but I have to eat or I'll faint. God damn it.
 I do enjoy listening to music from the 90's -- The Wallflowers - One Headlight  via 
  [stares at bank account] Nope too poor.
 If my wrist doesn't start to feel better soon I'm going to have to go to the doctor soon. Crap, I can't afford another surgery.
 Sucker Punch was awesome. Granted it not a movie without plenty of flaws but it was fun and entertaining which is what a movie has to do.
 Good thing: how much fun I had at the  game last night. Dumb thing: having hot chocolate at 1030. Lame thing: I got no sleep.
  I appreciate you for knowing what trigger discipline is.
 Just thought I would inform everyone that my hair smells like beer. Happy Football Day everyone! GO  Salt Lake Til I Die!
 Quote of the Day: guy buying smokes: shit I forgot my ID. Oh I'll just send my buddy in to buy them. [pause] I shouldn't have told you that.
 Guess who has two thumbs and is moving back to Salt Lake City? This guy. 
 How does a six year old make me feel like a raging bitch without meaning to?
 Whats worse than having someone come up to you and forgetting their name? Forgetting the name of the little kid that apparently adores me
  if I did I would have them done by now.
    I promise I am going to start on your notebooks soon!
 Dear god I need some real sleep soon or I'm going to go out of my mind. At least today is a short(er) shift… (cont) 
   That's all I got to say.
 Haven't bought my book yet? You totally should because I am awesome and therefore my book is awesome by extension 
 Dear Friday, get here faster so I can sleep in properly. Love, me. PS: I don't care that I don't have to b… (cont) 
 I feel like there should be some sort of wacky sound effect everytime someone falls on the pitch.  
 Quote of the Day: [dude with a popped collar listening to the Black Eyed Peas] Man this band is so dope.
 I had another one of those dreams last night where I woke up confused as hell and was legit standing up before I realized what was going on.
  yes  does make me cooler by extension.
 This makes me a sad panda -- So you Want to Get a PhD in the Humanities  via 
 I need someone to look at a situation and be completely objective for me.  Send a message if you're interested in being said person. Thanks!
 So You Want to Work in the Video Game Industry  This is amazing.
  I love your belt from your latest top 5. I must know where you got it.
  how is your leg holding up? Is it really bad? Feel better!
  WHAT. I mean, awesome for them, but NOT COOL.
 I need to remember to go to the craft store again. I forgot black cardstock like a dumbass yesterday. 
  and  going to the craft store, favorite colors are orange and teal blue respectively?
 This dude is pitching a fit because we have to check his bag. Dude, shut up so we can take off already.  
  I know right? It makes me a sad panda :(
 I'm sitting in the Orlando airport eating overpriced grapes and thinking how much I would rather be with  and  :(
  I HATE it when people ssay that. That's the new thing for when my stomach randomly decides to reject food. 'All in your head.'
   and I are sitting in the living room just chillin like villains. No, really, we cackle every now and then.
  and I totally did not spend a ton of money at Wizarding World. Nope, not at all.  
  and  you wish you were us  
  +  + booze = this. 
 BOOZE BOOZE BOOZE 
 Tweet 
 RT  There are save points in the Holy Land. Temporary Redemption is possible after death! 
 You know where I am? In Florida with  and  You know where you are? Not Florida so I > you.
  And she LOVED it!
 Birthday present to  with concept by  
  YES YES GO GO GO,
 On the plane to Florida to see  and  So glad I'm going to see them and not the total ass who will not be named.
 Sporting the colors and a star for the boys. GO  
  m'kay
  do you have a hair straightener, dryer and sun screen I can use?
 Someone please make my brain stfu about the ten million things I need to do today so I can get some sleep. 
 Been making something for someone...pictures when I give it to said person. 
  diamond it is! And by 'if' you mean 'when' right? :D
 I want to make my earrings the  colors but I'm stumped on one of them. I have 4 piercings in one ear so blue, yellow, red and?
 RT   Here's the bet. You get everyone on the 18 for home opener on twitter, I buy dinner at spot of your choice. ...
  I'm trying a hand at the cassette notebooks in your blog and I'm not 100% sure what 'card stock' is.
  what are your top three favorite colors? (Not a completely random question there is a point I promise)
 There's an ad for an alienware laptop with the tagline 'dominate from anywhere' and all I can think is 'yeah for about 90 minutes.'
 RT   did you get chills like the rest of us when it got silent and then the whole stadium did the Ole' Ole' chant? ...
