 Gluten Free Alfajores with Mesquite - Caramel Sandwich Cookies 
 Feliz día de Independencia del Perú!
  it looks loike it is going to be a blackberry merlot kind of day! I always add my own  non-dairy choco chips!
 Promise?! “ Tomorrow is going to be sunny & gorgeous!!  A few days of sun on the way and mid to high 70's, perfect!”
 RT  Like to bake?  love the results with  flours      Retail and  ...
 sounds great! 
  Cool! One of my favorite    compaines is  I love  and  Mesquite flour all of it!
 RT  Move over Black Bean Dip  Smoked  Bean Dip Rocks!      
  cool
  Nice job dude! Do you make it all yourself or buy it?
  lucky! no from moi but will ask. When?
  but it is after 4? Am I missing something? or is it an intro  I know  and 
 no reply  “    all talk of coffee the whole day today! where's my caffeine
 I just want my  that the nice dude made me last night! It was perfecto!
 ok I'll say it      
     that was in the heat of the moment before it sunk in and made me want to scream!!!
  let me know when so I can review on my blog.
 Yeah! No excuses now y'all will have to come to me for coffee talk!    
  I'm going to look this one up!
 I dare you to make a comment about me wearing my down vest at the end of July in the middle of  oh! Hat and gloves too!
 RT  Felicidades Uruguay! Grande Forlan...
 Bonus!  “ Yes, I want a whole pot of  at dinner party w/    
  wow! Will have to try and brush up on my  pie making skills! Thanks
  I guess it was a full house! I left around 8:30 w 
 RT  Blazing a trail for a better bounty of Oregon berries 
  west coast delivery yet?!?
  I won coffee for a yr  will it be delivered via room service?! I had the BEST LATTE last night, need another pls
 Hope so! “ It's coming back right?? RT  Last one to leave Seattle to go   !”
 RT  Hugs are for kids but they are for grown ups too. I need one today!! 
 RT  Raw Food Vegan is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     ...
 RT   leads the way again.  Brown signs bill to preserve Williamson Act which is good for our farmers!   http: ...
 ? Leaf lard?  
 u r trend setter “  awesome. "I won a great tote"  wanted it to haul her swag!  
  do you think  will deliver it via  ?!?!?!
  dude! Read the directions  before eating!
 Last one to leave Seattle to go   !
 Woot! “ Thanks for being there and for the compliments. Enjoy all that  over the next year!! ;) 
  maybe as a bonus we will get a real  Or we will all get free tickets to 
 the coffee people must be behind thi too!  “ This morning's weather is brought to you by the makers of fleece. 
 RT  This morning's weather is brought to you by the makers of fleece. 
 oh la la! “ Sparkling Jellys! I'll bring too;)    
  you looked so pretty last night! Loved dress! Yay for you!  great success !!!
 RT  The great black pepper conspiracy! By JJ Goode, a pepper zealot  
 RT  Attending and presenting at Seattle Social Media Summit today: .
 I'll bring more than that !  too;)    
  !!! “ When someone throw a negative at u, Put up your sheild and Throw a positive out!”
 RT  When someone throw a negative at u, Put up your sheild and Throw a positive out!
 haha! Not a fan but they do serve purpose :)        
  and hubs  fun time  let's do a dinner party next time! 
  great to meet you and see  again! Fun time:)
  I missed you at  event!!! How?!?!
 it's going to be extra yum yr! “    That's so cool! You're always winning something :)”
 yay!!!“  I did too! how awesome..they are giving away a LOT of coffee!”
  what tasty fun! Plenty of  treats to enjoy! Congrats 
 RT  Won half a pound of  by spinning wheel.  One-year supply!! cc:     ...
  I just win 1 year of the best  !!!! Woot!!!!
 
 yes pls do! “  I'm gonna tell him "it was Lisa's idea!!!" :)”
 YES “  I think he still owes me a  last Christmas! Should I email him now, before he gets the bill  NOLA?”
 RT   I think he still owes me a gift from last Christmas! Should I email him now, before he gets the bi ...
 Never! “  Is it 2 early 2 give hubby my Christmas list?   
 thank you!!! “  you would like this blog:  YUM!!”
  ok will have to try before  for extra jolt! Thx
 RT  Nordic Heritage Center in Ballard plans vigil following terror attacks 
 Where is your favorite place to get coffee ... really awesome coffee in 
 Two Degrees Bars - Gluten Free Good - Does Good! 
  Bravo! for all that you do!    
 lucky you! I'm going to  ask for that for early Christmas gift ;)   
 Yay! For you!  for your b-day!   
 oh my! I hope everyone ok!  
 I see smoke over west Seattle?!?! Everyone ok?
  I'm having quote withdrawal Give it to me!
 RT  Seems that Israel is not taking food allergies as seriously as we do in the US. Have to keep educating.  ...
  oh good!
  so glad you didn't quote my chat w/ the bird today..."tweet tweet!"
  omg! How fun  
 Own bees wax used for Gouda   talk about multi-task!
 RT   2.5 year: length of making the book. Good question  Love knowing that too.
       
 RT       Looks like another awesome Myra event! Sorry to mis ...
  will have to look on  for  video;)  
   color changes each season depends on what the bees eat! 
 RT  + sitting next to you. MRT  Lovely to meet  & listen to stories from wonderful book  ...
    hand harvested spring 2011 menlo park, ca 
  hand harvested spring 2011 menlo park, ca  
 Lovely to meet  and listen to the stories from your wonderful new bk  thx 
  made wine in  test garden crushed w/own clean feet! What fun! See pics in bk!
 RT  More beautiful  treats for   book event    
 RT  Margo True, food editor of Sunset Mag:        ...
  garden, bees, chilies, herbs, salt all local within a few miles!
 sending a  cookie I made 4u w/    
   perfect way to enjoy Sat. Morning! 
 RT  Going to the Capitol Hill Block Party? Check out the new   store. 
 RT  Beat the  
 RT  Farmers mkt - pick up ingreds for Squash Blossom and Sundried Tom Pizza,  by   htt ...
 RT  Did you know that each Zing Bar contains between 10-13g protein, or 20%-24% of each bar     ...
  Making special  cookies for tomorrow!  
 RT  Everyone planning on going to the bonfire at Fay Bainbridge tonight? I'm debating... should I go and play (I love.. ...
 RT  Sweet Earth Chocolates--making a difference one  chocolate bar at a time:   Thanks  ...
          
 RT  "Lion brings iPad interface to Mac users of the future" by my favorite Apple writer,  for   h ...
 RT  Sofi Gold for Castillo de Canena! 
  please follow me :)
 RT   Thank you for stopping by for dinner last night. It was a pleasure to meet you!
 RT  Berry Special Smoothie  
  I was just thinking about y'all! Thank you for my happy belly!!!
  at  in Choco heaven for  awesome!
 RT  On our front table dog treats from Puppy Love Dog Treats, Poulsbo, WA. Stop in and check them out. Organic,... http ...
 RT  Come down to the bookstore  8:30 pm tomorrow as Sonic Youth guitarist and vocalist Thurston Moore joins us for a v ...
 RT  We love beer so much we're serving it in movie theaters. A perfect way to end a day of exploration around Portland:  ...
 BLT Soup - Bacon, Lima Bean and Tomato Soup - Hot or Chilled 
 RT  Tune in July 30th 9:30 pm to learn more about our  gold winner  de Canena Olive Oil 
  I'm craving your  in your bk  review up soon!
 RT  Cherries are Here!!!  Check out this simple recipe! 
 RT   opening party tomorrow!  don't miss it! 
 RT  Tired of sitting on my butt. Trying my shoulder.
 “ "VEGAN FAMILY MEALS is in TOP 100 books at Amazon! If you've read my book, pls post a comment here!  ”
 RT  Pls RTthank u!  {New Post} Oishi Eats at Nishino   
 RT  Please RT & help me winthank u!  {New Post} Oishi Eats at Nishino   
 RT  Please RT & help me winthank u!  {New Post} my fave Japanese~Nishino   
 Pickled Cucumber, Red Onion and Italian Spices 
 Reading: Gluten: What You Don’t Know Might Kill You 
  yes will be happy to share :)
  thanks had them too! Looking forked hidden gems!
 Any info on   would be appreciated! Thanks
 The sound of  in the distance reminds me that it is summer regardless of the thick sweater that I have on today  
 Day 5 true addiction Banana Coffee Cacao Nib Smoothie    
 My heart is breaking watching this report. Children of the Harvest-
 RT  YES Japan!!!
 RT  I love my country but Japan needed this. So happy for Japan. Congratulations to all my Japanese friends. xo 
 Bumme!
 :(
 Wow! USA USA USA  
 USA USA USA
 NO
 Abby Abby Abby .... Woot woot woot!!!  
 Yaaaayyyyy!!!!! 
 USA USA USA 
  you rock girl!!!!!!  
  you rock!!!! 
 RT  Yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
 Goal  woooot
 RT  It's fun to watch soccer without players spending half the time rolling around on the field crying to the ref. This is an  ...
   !!!! Goooooooooooo
 RT  1 has to go in soon! RT   This is making my heart go CRAZY!!!!!!   USA!!!!!
 Beet and Kale Soup with Garlic, Bacon and Aji Limo 
  keep the flow...
 at least it will be easier to see  tomorrow with this rainy weekend! GO USA!!!
 RT  Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day!  Don't forget to stock up today so you can celebrate. Now, the hard part... wha ...
 RT  4:00 am on Sat. morning, and I'm working on a marketing plan. I now officially declare myself certifiably nuts (but in ...
 Cool Beans! Banana Coffee Cocoa Nib Smoothie - No Dairy! 
 RT       
 RT  Spotted  sandwiches.     ( Ralph's Grocery & Deli) ht ...
 RT  Thought of     RT  Tips for  beginners  ...
  nice! Enjoy!
  Bravo! Bravo!
 RT  Finished FDA meeting, now in Hart Senate Bldg. waiting for senate staff meeting. Productive day.
 RT   Flat Crisp Bread 
 RT  looking for new  ideas and new  flavors? Today is the day ... look out it is 
  thanks! For
 RT  These frijoles charros (smoky cowboy beans) are also  and  
 Happy Baby Organic Gluten Free Baby Food 
 RT  Congratulations to all  finalists & Gold Winners!! Enjoy the rest of the  Summer  Show in 
 RT   Gold Winner for best Vinegar has just been announced  Congratulations!!
 RT  RT  African Drought Raises  Aid Need. Millions in Ethiopia, Somalia and Kenya are at risk.  ...
 RT  Exciting News!  We are gearing up in high speed for a ton of outreach activities in Seattle, stay tuned   ...
 RT  Congratulations to the following  Gold Winners for best Oil 
 RT  We’ve just announced the  Gold Winner for Non-Food Specialty Item!  Congratulations!
 RT  Now announcing  Gold Winner for best Meat, Pâté, or Seafood  Congratulations!!
 RT  I just filled up my scooter. For $3. "Peace on the Road"...
 RT  New almondy muffins baking. The apartment smells like Sunday morning.
 RT  We won!!! Best dessert chocolate s'mores gelato   
 RT   Gold Winners for Diet & Lifestyle Product  & Food Gift have just been revealed!  ...
 RT   Gold Winners for Cracker  & Dessert or Dessert Topping  just announced!
 RT  We love love love that!! RT   not just love ... "love love love"
 RT  Congratulations to Castillo de Canena! 
 RT  Go for the Gold! Congrats to the Gold Winners for Classic  & Cold Beverage  of the  ...
 RT  Congrats to following  Gold Winners for Cheese/Dairy  & Chocolate  announced!
  not just love ... "love love love"
 RT  Bar review from   Glad you loved them! 
 RT  hey Gluten-free peeps. Did you know there is a gluten-free section in the 
 RT  Why gluten should be eliminated from your diet, sensitive or not! 
 RT  We're beginning to introduce the  Gold winners!! Stay tuned for links showcasing the sofi Gold Winners! 
 RT  Working on a board update -- continues to be a fun project since we are beating all of our projections   and  ...
 RT   is starting off long awaited  ceremony! Who will get a sofi gold…Come find out, Level 3 Ballroom A http:/ ...
 RT  RT  Looking for photogs who can lend us photos for our new site. Email bloggerswoborders (at) gmail.com if yo ...
 RT  Your life is what your thoughts make it. -Marcus Aurelius
 RT  Congratulations to the following 2011 Outstanding Retailers:   &  
 RT  Chatting w  before sofi awards at  Great smile!
 Vixi Bar - Awesome Gluten Free, Soy Free Snack Bars 
 RT  Specialty Food Media editors will share their Day 2 roundup of trends and new products from the show later today.  ...
 RT  RT  One week from today! Our 1st Humble Feast dinner in Ballard, w/ local, seasonal, vegetarian-friendly f ...
 RT  After a great Sunday off for all the team, we're back in business and ready to have you all tonight!
 RT  And the great speakers keep on comin'!  will enlighten us in NOLA!! 
   I so wish I was there!!! My all time favorite! 
 view looking towards   from   
 RT  Kañiwa Grain and Pussac Punay Beans NASFT sofi Award Silver Finalists 
 RT  “ Indie bookstores 2 support        ...
 Wish  luck    show       Bravo Bravo Bravo!
 Smoked Pussac Punay Bean Dip 
