  I'm looking forward to it. Go, Jenn, go!
  I was thinking the same thing. Cold is such a turn off. I think my vamps will be hot blooded.
 Wonders, do you prefer your leading men to be cold or hairy? Vampire or Werewolf?  
   Lord save us from the speedo.
 RT   peeps, if you're on google+, you can use this list to create an  circle. Add your name too!  ht ...
  That would be awesome, but I don't see him listed in credits.
  I'm waiting for cable for Cowboys and Aliens. Gonna have to carve some time to go see Harry and Sherlock Holmes.
 Confession time: Who's gonna see the Footloose remake?  
 According to  Deanna Chase's Klout score is 23.  How influential are you? 
 Soulless--Book Recommendation Thursday: 
  eyeballs catapulting. Sounds painful. All I can think of is them attached to a pole flying over the high bar.
 Hello Twitter. I have missed you. It's been weeks, but now I am in full editing mode.  
  my current count in roughly 44,000 on Willow.
  Rhonda is working on Haunted now. Should get it back in a few weeks.
  woot woot
  Yes. I've got the outline sorta fleshed out.
 woot! Go Jenn. I need to deperately put fingers to keyboard. 
 Blogging? Oh yeah. That. I'll get back to that eventually. 
  Grammar commandments are a must. Thanks for the link.
 I'm glad you have a basement. I hope it leaves you unscathed. Scary stuff out there. We're past tornado season here. 
 lol. I guess so.  
 They do usually catch you off guard. 
 And they generally don't rip your house apart and carry your car off. 
 True, but they are very rare compared to tornadoes. CA native here. Only one ever scared me in 28 years. 
 I'll go with that. I need to finish this thing. A week is  a little long to be messing with it and no word count. 
 Ill take a hurricane or earthquake any day of the weak. Tornadoes scare the bejesus out of me.   
 Does outlining count as  Maybe it's 
   So true about the dashes. Very vogue right now.
 The 13th Victim by Renee Porter,  just released on Kindle   If you like thrillers check it out.  
  I like it. It's authentic and she gets to win both ways in her inner and outer battle (but not without scars).
  Is it time for her to use her head and learn control? This is a big thing for her. If not she should burn them.
  Your pancakes sound better then my oatmeal. Now I need a cookie.
  Oatmeal, with cinnamon and honey.
    I vote for winning physically but losing emotionally. Gut reaction, not knowing where you are.
    I never know how anything is going to happen. That's the magic. I know where I'm going though.
  Wow! Well, you have a big house. hehe. :D
  James Scott Bell's Plot and Structure Let me know what you think of it. I purchased Donald Mass's The Fire in Fiction recently.
  I open them post haste. Otherwise I fret and get nothing done. Much better to rip off the Band-Aid.
 Dang those sex scenes. 
   Every time I open a chapter I'm thinking, please don't let me have totally f'ed it up.
   Writers when you get your critiques back do you read them & immediately get to work, or do you let it sink in first?
  YouTwitFace! Investors are lining up as we type.
  You deserve a chick flick movie day. Mwah!
  sex scenes are hard (no pun intended har-har) every time. Writing, editing, proofing.
  and i want cookies.
  I am editing the "bra" issue and it's cracking me up. Btw, that scene is pretty hot. I'm blushing. Or are my cheeks burning.
 Too tired to move. Good thing thing the fingers still work.  
   "If you saw my synopsis you would feel like a writing Titan. I promise."- It's a work in progress. no 
  "For the love of all that's holy, is the bra ON or OFF? It was on! of course my writing mind wasn't so concerned about it. lol
 My crit partner   is amazing. Chapter eight was a mess, but with her help and a few hours of reworking, it's getting there.
  For family in Portland, OMSI, Jamison Square, Zoo, Saturday market, Japanese Gardens, & Beverly Cleary Sculpture Garden.
 Wishing I was 
 Two chapters edited. Time for bed. Was  most of the day.
     Thanks for the 
           Thanks for the 
       Thanks for the 
 You and your flippin' Cadbury Eggs!: 
  I agree, just have to remember they are goals,not absolutes.
 Blog post-Impossible goals:  
 Chapter 8, Today we cut the fat. You may be half the size your started out at today when we are finished. 
  a dream sequence. Why are these so hard for me???
 crud. Just realized I deleted a pretty import scene. Good thing I still have it,but man that would have been a plot issue. 
  whoops. Better look for a new one on Etsy.
  I LOVE Etsy. Super awesome, even the crazy jacked up stuff.
       Thanks for the 
  Thanks! I haven't looked at yet. Too busy doing real life work.
  Thank you!
 My book cover is here. So excited     
         Thanks for the 
 Book Recommendation Thursday-Adrian Phoenix:    
  Yes. In DECEMBER! RT  Charlie Brown Christmas is always fun. Is once a year really enough?
  Snow? wow. I'll take my Louisiana humidity. Although, Charlie Brown Christmas is always fun. :D
 Chapter six, you are killing me. Why are you fighting so hard to keep that boring scene. No one cares about it. Let it go. 
 Random computer work is keeping me from 
  Mission accomplished. Serious breakfast envy.
 Hard to get brain in gear after 5am wake up call this morning. I swear that hour is still the middle of the night. 
 I skipped one day or writing/editing and I feel like it's been forever. 
  As for why? A lot of research & I feel more comfortable having control. I did a lot of reading over  & 
  Thanks. I'm curious to see where it takes me, too.
  Oh man. I can totally see that happening.
  Okay, now that is taking things way too far. lol
 I seriously think I could edit forever and never be finished. 
  Yikes. Hope the meds work fast.
 Road to publication    
  It is. But I guess when you reach his success you can do whatever you want, if it means always killing someone off.
  Do you mean there is a higher percentage of sci-fi and fantasy writers relative to readers compared to other genres?
   It should be, but YA isn't his main audience.
     and cake
  Yikes. I killed two chapters this week and I LOVED one of the scenes. Was hoping to add it elsewhere, but not looking good.
 Day off means lots and lots of editing. Well, after I get a few business things done. Then it will be Friday editfest.
  Allergies?
  Congrats! That's awesome.
 Book recommendation Thursday. Ally Carter  
 Barnes & Noble NOOK 3G + WiFi eReader for $99.99 + $5 shipping  via  
 Oops on the lack of attachment! Fixed now. I hope  I got it, thanks again.
 Chapter one done and edited. Time to go do the regular job. Tonight chapter two gets some much needed love. 
    Thanks for the heads up.
 RT  Sounds interesting  RT  I'm learning about  and the services they offer at the  ...
 My crit partner  is awesome. Thanks for the super fast turn around and really great insight.
 If commas were a commodity, I'd buy in bulk. 
  Spirit fingers for sure.
   Now I have Angel streaming on the computer while I get my work done.
 Fresh strawberry juice out of the juicer. yum yum.
   David B any age is just fine with me. :D
  I don't even know when the royal wedding is. And Angel is always an excellent choice.
  So sweet! I'm a sucker for a baby lamb.
 RT  This. Exactly this. RT:  Why Meditation doesn't work for writers: 
  I have never watched DWTS. My TV time is limited to when I'm in the studio,so I'm more listening than watching. Idol is easier.
 First chapter, revised and edited. Tine for one more pass then off to the crit partner. 
 I forgot to put cake on the shopping list. Now I am sad.
   I finished mine on Saturday. The elation was heard for miles when I hit send.
 Frustrating editing morning. 
  Okay, then. Have it your way. :D
  You can do it!
 5 1/2 hours of sleep, then four hours of taxes is not the way to a clear writing head.  
 Is in need of a serious chocolate pick me up. 
 Finished up at 1096 words. time for bed. 
 900 words to go before I can call it a night 
   Definiltely excellent advice.
  haha. Good thing
  Maybe, but I do know a young animator that downloads pirated movies all the time. Maybe a generational thing, too.
  No, you're not the only one. I'm in your camp.
 Government shutdown -   Good chart of what departments will be affected.
 Twitter still makes my head spin. How do y'all carry on conversations?
  lol
 RT  When Harry Met Sally 2.  So excited!!!! 
  Cake is always good, but you have nothing to worry about. You're doing great.
 The imortance of routine  
 Writing and watching AI. This could really change the direction of UF. 
 Paul from AI, you just won a fan. Love Rocket Man.
  awesome! Go, go, go
  Their headquarters are in Knoxville.
  It gets easier. I have an expenses box that all receipts go into.
 RT  AWESOME post by  What NOT to Do On Your Opening Page:  
 Finished past my goal at 1174 words. Woot. 
 Holy lightening bolts. That was a close one.
 Thunderstorm outside and just completed over 800 words. It's a great afternoon. 
  Awesome.
 300 words were typed before I had breakfast. After breakfast? Zero. Tonight's goal=2000 words. Who's with me?
  Thank you!
 Late Friday night writing=productive 
  Being in bed is my answer.
 Great writing week, finally get back on the horse.
 Why is it I JUST discovered Pandora.com? I must live in a cave.
  I dread what I'd find in the back of my fridge.  Congrats on finding a gem.
  The last few days, but my critique partner gave me some good feedback and I'm feeling writery again. :)
  It must be in the air.
  Congrats!
 Reasons to never clean: Finding a piece of furniture the puppy chewed on.  Ignorance was bliss.
  It was cappuccino ice cream that turned out to taste just like tiramisu.  Heaven.
  Enjoy!
  
 I nominate  for a Shorty Award in  because...she is an inspiring writer. 
 Homemade tiramisu ice cream. Yum.
 When two rejections come in one day, it is time to make ice cream.  Who cares that it's 34 degrees? That's what space heaters are for.
 whoohoo! A new laptop and the N works and everything.
  LOL.  Yeah, I can see it being Jo. Might be overkill with a mint hot chocolate though.
  It's a world dominated by the Walmart conglomerate.
  You can always sample them in the name of "research". I'm sure at least one of your characters has a weakness for them.
  Disadvantage? Na, just character building.
 RT  It comes down to that, ultimately: read a lot of books. And write as much as you can.  You'll become a better writer d ...
 The dogs have the rt idea. They're curled up with in the sun with a blanket on the couch.
  The only ones I know of are in NO and BR. I'm in Tangipohoa, so if you hear of any, I'd appreciate a heads up.
 Salad: it's what's for dinner.  My body may go into shock after the holiday free-for-all.
  I had that for dinner last night. It was fabulous.
  Thanks!
  oops! lol. Hope it's helpful.
  Me too! And the migraine hasn't left too much of a hangover.
 Migraines and big glasses of water on the desk so not mix. At least I didn't take out the computer.
  HI Courtney. I write romance, paranormal and contemporary.
  Thanks!
  Thanks Jenn. :)
