 RT  Just left the fantasy faktory   Shot out drama. Good lookin.   Studio time!
 RT  In love under new management
 RT  Abby Wambach...a hero.  Go USA!
 sorry for not following back recently been tied up for other reasons but 
 shady 2.0 goes ham
  by far the weakest link of  sorry  
 RT  Work.Work.Work!
 RT  Dats bad,please stay safe RT   my city was torn apart today by a tornado 30 confirmed deaths so http:// ...
 RT    Eddie B & Harry Fraud - The Lucky 7 EP download it now "
 RT  i just wanna cut music video rt thx  
 RT  King Shug & Marlito Mann Ft. T-Floyd - Yea Dat | Official Video  ...
 i wish a mutha fucka would
  aint a whole lot to say except 
  people need to represent the struggle before they talk about it
  do america a favor and run for president.......or expose  ha been waitin on that one
 RT  At it again  wish you were here  
  i took ya for a bbm kinda guy
 YELAWOLF IN TOWN TIME TO GET STUPID WITH CATFISH BILLY
 raise the roof 1999
  did your mother make it through the storm ok??"
  my city was torn apart today by a tornado 30 confirmed deaths so far keep us in ya prayers
  id rather be in the front so i can lead by example
 my city is a fukn wreck here in dora, alabama thanks to the tornado there are 30 confirmed deaths and debris everywhere glad to have made it
  you stayin up??
  keeps it real and still produces high numbers..true youngmoney representer thats why im ymcmb 4 life regardless of anything, etc
 k-ci n jo jo crazy mood
  tally is crazy dude im in ft walton rit now, and headin back to birmingham, al wednesday feel like im back tracking ya lol
 while your trying to spit your game,  try swallowing my rejection
 Peter warrick aint lost a step
  should be in this flag football game
 Walking into florida st spring game
 Fixing to get my grub on at longhorn steak house
           
 Roll tide roll
    is a must    
 N they say time flies well mines first class
 MY grandma jus told me lifes a bitch then you marry one smh
  ha he aint never gone stop
  props on how your studio turned out bro
 About to grab some food with the fam
 cant wait until 2moro...cuz i get cooler everyday
 RT  Lol I like this guy 
 RT  Velvet Room let's get it me and  bout 2 make it shake
 never let where your from determine where you end up 
  i aint lying man no time to waste yours or mine
  on everything i love $50K if you"ll come to b'ham and give my boys a legit video...alota hard work and effort put in man 2056162251
 RT   DOWNLOAD MY NEW SONG "SHAWTY GOT DAMN" FOR FREE!!!  ...
 RT  follow  & RT me JUMPIN IN LIVE NEWS to promote my music   ...
  wud up tho?? workin on anything new??"
 RT  RT   dig the song bruh true ATL\southern accent it sounded original and real
   on everything i love $50K if you"ll come to b'ham and give my boys a legit video..alota hard work and effort put in man 2056162251
  shits insane since he hopped on the ymcmb boat
  thanx 4 the follow
  sad boo
 Speakers goin hammer mmm 10k ha eminems sold more while wearing a wilson athletics sweater
 And somebody plz tell soulja boy to just stop..dj ill will str8 robbed dat nigga for all black everything flOp
 So sick of ppl questioning my judgement and actions fuk'em, why don't U worry about urs let them worry about theirs cuz I got mine
  dig the song bruh true ATL\southern accent it sounded original and real
 Check out dynamitedora on kolarchick youtube
 Denver is playing on str8 emotion
  will do playa
 Hates traffic on I 65
 Dear soulja boy please flor the sake of music just quit....awful
  hahaha u know he aint never gonna live that one down
  aight bruh
  precitate that
 RT  Follow us & we'll get you in the best events/clubs in South Fla FREE. RT 
 RT   FOLLOW  THEY NEED MORE FOLLOWERS AND SUPPORTERS HELP THEM OUT PLZ AND THANX :)
 GREEN & YELLOW GREEN & YELLOW
 
 Call of duty u don't want it wit da boi 
 In the ink spot
 Dats wat I told my bit** I bought that benz for you so u don't touch my old school shi*
 I'm over it
 In n out
    follow and 
  no fun at all
  email this song to me 2bthebest
 moving sucks, rather buy new stuff or hire 2 men n a truck
  thats crazy
  not original at all homie just saying
 snow snow & more snow Gov. riley issued state wide emergency the corridor X & int 65 is shut down until 9 a.m. so no work 2moro
  thanx 4 the follow
  wud it do
  snowing like crazy man its like 93 all over again in jasper
  its like the winter storm of 93 out here riley issued a state of emergency
  took the hook off the junk car in da woods attached a strap and we playing in it man
 aye yelller holler atcha fam  im speaking from da heart here in jasper just needing to b heard
  Master P
 Playing beerpong & spending time with the ppl who mean the most to me..feels good to relax
   BOW BOW BOW.....FAN S/O 
  been following u bruh
   you keep saying that lol but u def need to
  twitter has you hooked huh>>?"
 RT  Thinks that the yankees need 2 give some of there payroll to the national league
   says it all
 playing black ops on ps3 get at me my gamer tag is toogone25
   respect on how you maintain your success as an artist but MOST impressive to how your able to keep your kids first love 
  we missed you in walker county this weekend
 Stop focusing on the things you dont have and take hold of the things you do
         thanx bro hope ya had a good christmas
  F**k dem celtics
  got more rings than most ppl have sense
 RT  No amount of material wealth or pleasure will satisfy a person who is incapable of enjoying the present moment
  sup
 Thank god for blessing of being surrounded by my family,friends, and the people who mean the most to me
  merry christmas man love ya show and how u expand beyond just sports..cheers to many more seasons to come in the future
  merry christmas to the whole taylor gang fam
   merry christmas brother
  sup?"
  then dey blow up
 RT   a person can only take so much BS before they just click out and say F**k IT 
 if u tweetin real keep talkin if not keep walkin
  i know u get alotta respect bein  1, jasper,AL
  205-616-2251 
  helping people in a similar situation??" mission accomplished...thank god for em to help me keep pushing
  the person that u usta be is why your who you are today
  i will send you a different tweet everyday until you take hold of the fact that i can relate....
  bruh its snowing here in birmingham
 RT   Life will bring its new challenges everyday just make sure you mature with every challenge presented to you!
 BLACK OPPS FRETTY MUCH STOLE MY DAY
 RT  RT   i been a a fan since u shut the trunk on  Fuck u n roscoedash y u still ...
 RT  RT   <-----FOLLOW & RT  
 RT   hahahahahahahaha
  cuz WE ALL THE WAYYYY TURRNNNEEDDD UPPPP
  the fried oreo's are the main part girl, ahhhh come on kim u know better
  <-----FOLLOW & RT  
  & RT
 RT       New BEATS UP www.thenomineesmusic.com L ...
  ya name is kinda like mine sean michael
  i been a a fan since u shut the trunk on 
   to ya dj
  sup nukka
  keep that shit 300
  ite
  WOW!!! the inspiration you bring to my ppl is insane...your living proof that bein u is all you need to do....hardwork pays off
   look around and compare, n vice a versa, then let da haterz speak....CRICKETS HA  MY GUYS 
  cuh u know we need it, or atleast Eli do haha
 RT   hey bro, I'm good. Wats up with u?
 RT  RT   keep that shit 100  bet
  no link bruh
  respect
  good bro, u know how it is
  wud up
  Alabama knows how to treat folks huh?
  roll 1 for me, brett favre, and eli manning haha
  keep that shit 100 
  5 hr energy bruh & maybe a lil aderol can help haa....I def couldnt keep up wit yo schedule
  127
 3 questions..wat it do, where it at, & cut the check
  wat it do mane??"
  the verses are str8 bro i feelz it, the beat is fukn sick def current with hip hop n R&B...i'd lik to go off on 1 of the beatz
 i got an 09 crimson red toyota tacoma tonight only 19,000 miles
 never let where ya from determine where you end up  <----follow my guy
  in your case, this quote is true
  is the ultimate talk show host def above late night and early morning no offense to anyone, BUT IT IS WHAT IT IS!!!!
  thanx 4 the follow...wats up with the guy who started life lock getting his identity stolen??"
 ILL ANSWER ANY QUESTION YOU HAVE TO ASK ME.....ASK ME ANYTHING
  thanx 4 the follow
 be the same person everyday
  in modern day times, what would marley say??"  haha
 off the plane in  now where da party at
 RT  RT   YEA I GOT A PLUG N CALI PLUS MY NIGGAZ ON RU STRAIGHT N LA  
 RT  N Diego w/ the shit, what bracks?
 RT  RT   WHAT'S POPPIN LUV...MISS U 2 MUCH LMAO > bfly what Bracks? Wya
 RT  RT   to    ya hearrrrd
 RT         
  4 REAL THOUGH??"
 seperating yourself from the rest= the best  fuck all this who u kno shit, if u wont it go get period fuk excuses make results
  wuz good bruh
  weezy shit since he got out, watchu think bruh??"
  ha prolly mammal thoughts
  NEW FOLLOWER
 RT  RT  i could use a break matter a fact couple somebody throw the lifeline make it on the double im lifting  ...
  ite
 ill keep on pursuing n let the past be da past cuz it aint bout wat u did its about wat your doing
 in ya sons eyes i see u n thats a perfect answer knowing so my goals and happiness
 i taught u how to cope u taught me how to be grown so now wat do i do give up or keep going
 you got is ya name R.I.P. Allen still cant believe ya gone seems like yesterday we was talkin on the phone
 the question stand up and make ya statement never point fingers your the only one to blame wether ur on the bottom or the top all
 it through the struggle hard times n good ppl stayin trouble tryin to reach out to a younger generation wen life throws
 i could use a break matter a fact couple somebody throw the lifeline make it on the double im lifting up the weight tryin hard to make
 GOING OFF TO AIRPLANES BEAT RIGHT NOW
  prime definition that never let where your from affect where u end up...been a fan since batter up till current
  NEWTON FOR HEISMAN???  kid is sick mane....
  DIVA
  better than gettin the trunk shut on ya>>>no response required  
    ORIGINALITY MEANS EVERYTHING  
 advice to ya, separate ya self from the rest, know u da best, & creat a non artest contest...TALENT WITHOUT EFFORT MEANS NOTHING 
  dm or email me homie
  you up bruh??"
  you up bruh??"
 im up in magic city the center of attention im standin in the light im lookin like a ticket a whole millie i mean a cold million 
  dm it to me
