 After a bit of a hiatus I've decided to come back to Twitter!!!
 After a bit of a hiatus I've decided to come back to using Twitter again with some regularity
 Financial Planners come check out the updated Financial Planning Exchange... forum, blogs, front page and study group 
 Financial Planners come check out the updated Financial Planning Exchange... forum, blogs, front page and study group 
 The Financial Planning Exchange welcomes it's newest member PKOTE 
     thanks for following me. 
 I got quoted in the Wall Street Journal  YEAH
 A discussion about the new 3.8% medicare tax on net investment income effective in 2013.  Come joint the conversation 
 A discussion about the new 3.8% medicare tax on net investment income effective in 2013.  Come joint the conversation 
 A discussion about the new 3.8% medicare tax on net investment income effective in 2013.  Come joint the conversation 
   ....just for you!
 I am giving a speech tomorrow on equity investing & hate my speech.  Is there anything topical that I can discuss 2 spice it up a bit?
 RT  I do not know any normal American male who is not eagerly awaiting release of 'The A Team.'  ...IS IT COMING OUT IN 3D??
 RT  I do not know any normal American male who is not eagerly awaiting release of 'The A Team.'  ...I CAN'T WAIT
 New Blog Post: No Unnecessary Reverse Mortgage Regulations Please!!!!!!! 
 RT  pls, do not print ur bus cards on glossy/laminated stock. I hate when I can't write where we met & why u are important.
  thx
  yes he did.  We named him Dane.  Everybody is home and healthy.  Thx for asking.
  I will send a DM w/ my phone number.  I am sick of dealing with ur reps who have no authorization to do anything & can't read.
  go look up my account and read the notes, if you want the recorded calls I will happily forward them to you.
 Who's lying now  ???
 Now the  rep is accusing me of lying.  Unfortunately I have all my calls with them recorded.
 The longer I sit on hold with  the longer I continue my pissed off 
 Why when I call  can't they call me back once they find the answer, why do I have to sit on hold wasting my time 
 To continue my  not only can  not find a modem but it takes them months of billing me $800 to cancel an old account.
 How can  not save a UPS tracking number for a return authorization THEY issued to me.  I have had more problems with 
 RT  R u prepared for an SEC audit? Find out what the agency is looking 4. 1 CE credit. tomorrow 
 Good News I Guess... RT  Median price for an existing U.S. home: $173,100 (up 4% from a year prior) 
  seems like Twitter's new retweet policy is a set up for Twitter to make money somehow.
  GregSwan99 thx for following me
  thx 4 following me. B sure 2 visit the Financial Planning Exchange, a internet forum 4 financial planners 
     thx 4 following me
  thx 4 following me. B sure 2 check out the Financial Planning Exchange, internet forum 4 financial planners 
  thx for following me. B sure 2 check out the Financial Planning Exchange, internet forum 4 financial planners 
 Come check out the first public internet forum for financial planners   
  what is twitters new RT policy?
  that's a long convo more about the role of fixed income in a portfolio than about ETFs per se.
  not at all
  that would be a shame
  mmm, I am jealous.
  thx for following me. If u have an interest in learning about financial planning  I urge u 2 check out 
  I did see that u registered, in turn set up a thread so we can talk abt academics of active v passive 
  no we don't hold FPE meetings in AZ.  All collaboration is done through the forum 
  not if inflation picks up like some economists predict
  thanks for folloiwng me.
  thx for following me. I run a internet forum for financial planners, come check it out if you want 
  that's a loaded question!!!
  your Bob Veres interview was really good!  I appreciated listening to that.
  ....it was cheaper than installing a DVD player in the car.
  I bought my 2yo an iPad Touch ...that's like a onesie right???
  if u want to discuss the academical sound reasons why passive is best I am happy to.  Just let me know.
  I am confushed... u asked people 2 weigh in on whether they think indexing or active management is best, then u argue w/ me.
 RT  Finally: iPhone OS 4.0 Beta Includes AT&T Internet Tethering -  ....Finally is an understatement
  thx for following me
  thx for the RT
  thx for following me. If you have a chance, go check out my internet forum for financial planners 
  thx for following me.
 RT  New Blog Post: 4 Ways to Respond When the Prospect Says, “We Already Work With Your Competitor” 
 Read more about fiduciary issues for financial planners and advisors at  
  I wish I was going.
  about 90 in Carefree.  Won't be  NAPFA ....have a baby due any minute.  Next Year!!! ...I owe u a drink 4 ur help on my forum
 RT  Oil falls under $70
 RT  Listen To This: Bob Veres Interview May 15, 2010 on  
  contributed!  The repeal of Glass Stegall by G-B-L I think had a lot to do with the mess.
  that's too bad. It was a great tool fr newbie who came to realize after time how Twitter really works
  I had breakfast today at the Oaks. Mmmmmmnnn, best pancakes in Cave Creek.
 NAPFA mmbrs get a 6mo trial membership 2 the Financial Planning Exchange  ...reply 2 the welcome message by saying "NAPFA"
  ....sorry I didn't pay attention to how much space I had left, here's the link to see 
  thought I'd let you know that the Financial Planning Exchange has just added you as one of the blogs we follow...
  btw would you have any interest in leading a discussion in a sub-forum for the Financial Planning Exchange  ?
  got it... I've added you to the Blogs that the Financial Planning Exchange follows
 New Blog Post:  discussing the importance of a financial planner
  is there an RSS feed for your blog? I can't find it.... then again, my wife says I'm blind
 Financial Planners come check out the internet forum just for you 
 RT  Financial planners have opportunity to make a difference - Investment News:  via 
  thanks for the heads up
 Is anybody using Fidelity's new 401k platform for Registered Investment Advisors yet? 
 Financial Planners, who do you ask for help when ur stuck and can't find an answer?  Come check out 
  I created a link to your blog about mistakes made in emails to referrals 
 Financial Planners come join the Financial Planning Exchange, a Internet forum just for planners. 
  let's tell them thank u 4 supporting AZ by staying in r hotels, eating at r restaurants, etc. Keep up the good work!!!
 RT  Fiduciary expert on whatever happened 2 repeal of broker/dealer exemption 4 advice  
 RT  Fiduciary Duty to clients: Why brokers can give advice that's not in clients' best interest  
 Good Luck to Calvin Burrell tonight ....it'd be nice to see him win the triple crown.
  congrats. I remember when I was first quoted in te WSJ ...I bought every copy I could find. R Thr any left where u live now?
 RT  RT  Lessons from Warren Buffet on how to be a better writer: 
 Anybody ever heard of this "Social Security Do Over" Strategy Before 
 New forum started  ...has 2010 annual key financial data, tax rates, deductions, etc.
 Pls send letter to Congress urging Fiduciary Standard       
 RT  fi360 Blog:  Links: Fiduciary amendments coming from all directions  
  susan weiner's blog post "how should you thank clients for referrals"
  If I go I will let you know ...be nice to put a name to a face
  
    ...a good marketing person to follow for financial advisors and planners
 How can a stockbroker follow a fiduciary standard with production minimums? ...just like ticket quotas for cops!  
  re Phx FPA symposium, I don't know.  My wife is due with our 2nd on the 22nd of May.  So my life is up in the air.
  did you write your blog on this?  I'd love to read it.
  I've started a discussion about the paper if you have interest in chiming in.
 RT  NAPFA Consumer Education Friday, May 7 "Financial Planning & Small Biz Owners  
 EISI announces the launch of a new version of NaviPlan financial planning software    
  thx for the marketing article.  I put a link to it on my site 
  I think that's the crux of the issue
  thanks the RT
  send somebody to buy beer for you.
  can't you get a Illinois ID card?
  ...I couldn't figure out how to integrate them.  Essentially they both forced me to use to GMail and I didn't want to.
 Come check out the first internet forum for financial planners and related professionals. 
  I conversation about Vanguard v Fidelity index funds
 Financial Planners.... while you're watching American Idol tonight, come check out the Financial Planning Exchange
  that there's romantic
  put me on the list to send the article to.  I'd love to read it.
 Great article on how RIAs will continue to prevail RT  The fiduciary standard in Marketing  
  they probably need fewer gun laws.
 Got to hear Eugene Fama Jr. speak today.  I never get tired of listening to him.  A big thanks to DFA for sending him down.
 Citi to refer business to independent registered investment advisors 
  Rumors are a foot that the Goldman Sachs fraud case could add fuel to the fiduciary debate 
  Continuing Education Opportunity Posted at the Financial Planning Exchange 
  I look forward to that one
 RT  Dear Coyotes,  please win today.  Play like you did in game 3.  You deserve AT LEAST one more home game. Sincerely, Isaac
  then why does everyone say SHER-BERT ???
  God Speed
  that's funny
 New Thread Started:   v  Index Funds  come join the conversation.
  do I win anything?  Hint Hint ....free trip to Supreme Chapter?????
  you mean like opening their doors?
  I'd argue too guilible. The hedge funds/private equity SELL a good story.  Academically they don't do much 4a portfolio
 RT   Advisors 2 Fund Companies, Insurance Firms, Hedge Funds & Financial Firms We Don't Trust U  SO TRUE!
  Credence Clearwater Revival ....forget the name of the album
  I'd bet that these endowments don't better/worse than pure stock & bond portfolio with the same basic allocation mix.
 I am sick of reading resumes frm college grads tht say they r proficient in MS Office.  HELLO, u wouldn't have graduated if u weren't
 never b4 have I been able 2 get results w/ 800 customer service w/ big companies, but when I start complaining on twitter things happen
 Another example of Twitter in action,  did the right thing re my issue with  and refunded the cost of the linksys 
  I'm no expert, but it was my pleasure.
  congrats.
 RT  The New iPhone 4G Completely Revealed and Reviewed:    ....I'm excited.
  links that point to your site, when your site doesn't point to their's are the best in terms of google juice from what I'm told
  ABSOLUTELY!  Most SEO people I know tell me that the best way to boost a site's google juice is via quality backlinks.
 New Blog Post:  Advice to College Grads Applying for a Job 
  writing guest posts on other's blogs doesn't do much business wise for me, what it does do is help create backlinks to my site.
 R there any Accountants out there that would like 2 office w/ a Wealth Management firm in Carefree, Arizona.  DM me w/ interest.  Pls RT!
 I am looking to hire a Financial Planner Trainee for our office in Carefree, AZ.  Have interested parties DM me with interest.  Please RT!
 Financial Planners would you like to collaborate with other financial planners.  Come check out  ...free 30 day membership
 If ur trying to set up a wireless adapter 2 work w/ Directv  buy a Apple Airport Express (same price) vs a Linksys through Directv
  I fixed the problem. I bot a Apple Airport Express tht works flawlessly w/  How do I return the adapter I bot from Directv
 Don't buy a wireless adapter from Directv for  until you read this thread 
 If you are trying to access Directv On Demand via a wireless adapter read this   
  read the last post  I've too much time trying to fix  I want my money back for the adapter 
  I recommend you tell your customers to buy a Apple Airport Express instead of that Linksys POS in order to access 
  have you fixed the On Demand problem yet with regards to downloads being paused for those using a wireless adapter???  
  remind me of your email address
 RT  new health care bill - did u know that all real estate transactions r subject to a 3.8% “Sales Tax”? $400k = $15,200 tax!
  how do I disconnect a OneFlex account now that everything is transferred over to my normal small biz account?
 Severe Storm and Flooding Victims Have Until May 11 2010 to File Their Tax Returns
  I hope that house isn't in California...... Prop 13
  thank you!
 New Job Posting for a Financial Planner on the Financial Planning Exchange  pls RT!
  the tech forums don't help w/ the ondemand issue of "download paused" Thr r enough people w/ issues u may want 2 do something fast
 New Blog Post 
 New Job Posting for a Financial Planner on the Financial Planning Exchange  pls RT!
 The Financial Planning Exchange would like to welcome it's newest member Marilyn DiSalvo 
 New Job Posting for a Financial Planner on the Financial Planning Exchange  pls RT!
 Was having a problem with my Sony LCD TV ...Randy  Custom Sound & Video in Phoenix, AZ 602-339-5980 just saved me $200. Was very honest!!!
  I have been searching it & have posted to it. %here are lots people with the same problem. Nothing is getting fixed 4 anybody.
  ur ondemand is irking me. Bot a wireless adapter from u an it doesn't work. Nobody  seems able to help.
 RT  If your financial advisor's materials say "Securities offered by..." most likely the sale of financial products is involved.
  do you maintain a jobs board?  I am looking to hire/partner with a CPA....
  they want me to verify that my interlata and intralata provider is qwest.  It already is.  So why are they calling me.
  why would the verification department need to call me to verify a 35% discount.  They already have all my info
  does a Christopher Shiner work 4 Qwest at 800-603-6000 x0048 in the "verification dept" ...his call to me felt like a scam
  I have requested again 2b removed from ur campaign's email list.  I have asked 1 last time via email, next time I notify FTC
 Financial Planners, come check out the online study group/forum just for planners. 
 Financial planners come check out the Financial Planning Exchange.  A study group/forum just for planners 
  so if I have any additional problems, which seems highly likely, I will let you and the world know.
  well it seems as though Justin Allen at 800-777-9594 x1305200 was the only person at Qwest able to get anything done.
  it's been almost 30 mins since I spoke to Justin and I my main biz number still come up disconnected. This is costing me money!
  u can get me a $1400 refund from Qwest because I've had to keep 2 accounts open while waiting for my numbers two port. 
  also find out why Steve 888-661-0005 x1302363 who I spoke 2 at 8am who said he would call me back is now magically on vacation.
  but if u want to follow up to find out why it's taken 45 days to port 2 biz  w/n qwest that might help, I'll DM the order 
  right now Justin Allen 800-777-9594 x1305200 in orders dept is competant. If I don't hear back in 15 min I will let u know.
 It's Ironic that Qwest's hold message says that everybody in biz needs things done 2 stay in biz, but Qwest can't deliver  
  u continue to email me on behalf of  even though I've opted out 3 times now.  Pls comply w/ the law. 
  ur campaign keeps emailing me even though I've opted out 3 times now. Pls request that ur people comply w/ the law
  SenJohnMcCain ur campaign keeps emailing me even though I've opted out 3 times now. Pls request that ur people comply w/ the law.
 Trying 2 figure out which companies offer Fidelity's BrokerageLink as a 401k option.  Pls DM me if ur company offers this.  Thx.  Pls RT.
  no pluto is not flat.  It's a metaphor to Columbus era thinking regarding your conversation about old school versus new school.
  none of them have anything on Bank 1440  4% 
  thanks for following me.  Sounds like you've got some good wisdom to share.
 My firm is still interviewing 4 Financial Planner Trainees in Carefree, AZ.  If u know someone who would b interested send a DM with info.
  how about Elliott Spitzer
  it's usually best to accept an updated acceptance of an issue rather than be labeled as one who still thinks the world is flat.
 Have I mentioned how much I don't like Qwest. U wld think the "Spirit of Service" would b able 2 port 2 phone  in less than 45 days. 
 House Dems report vandalism, threats after passing health bill against the will of the people 
 I am looking for a investment advisor for a foundation in the Orange County area 
 I am looking for a investment advisor for a foundation in the Orange County area 
 RT  RT  Drop of fiduciary-duty provision worries Financial Planning Coalition  
 New Thread Started: Picking Good Stocks 
 New Thread Started: Picking Good Stocks 
 Trying 2 port 2 phone numbers with Qwest from one account to another. It has taken 30+ days now & Qwest can't find the original order. 
  your welcome 
 Season 3 of Breaking Bad premieres March 21.  YEAH!!!!  
 RT  Free Pastry Day is back on Tuesday. Buy a handcrafted drink & get a free pastry! Get the coupon: 
 Warren Buffett impersonates Axel Rose in GEICO video 
 RT  New password-stealing virus targets Facebook Users  I've had the email and binned it ! do the same
 RT  Engage! is Now Available at a Bookstore Near You  (Please RT)
 RT  Whole Foods Products Recalled Over Suspected Pepper - 
 RT  Bill Gross: To the extent that mortgages widen out, it widens out other credit.
        ...thank you all for following me.
 Interesting thought...  Putting a PowerPoint presentation together in 16 : 9 widescreen.  Has so much more impact
  thanks for following me.
 Financial Planners, now you can access our job & opportunity forum with membership 30 Day Trial memberships 4 new members 
  thanks for following me.
  thanks for following me.
 RT  Weird? Why Arizona doesn't observe Daylight Saving Time 
  take video and post it on YouTube... I'd retweet that
 Job Opportunity Posted: Financial Planner Apprentice in Carefree, Arizona  please retweet! Thx.
 The Financial Planning Exchange has opened up its Jobs & Opportunity Board to all registrants.  
  thanks for following me.
  thanks for following me.
  congrats to your son and soon to be daughter in law.
 Has anybody read Oversold & Underserved-A Financial Planner's Guide to Effectively Serving the Mass Affluent???  
       ....all very very cool people to follow 4 financial services
 Sen. Kohl's fnancial reform amendment makes a safe harbor for the term "financial planner" like lawyer or accountant 
 Sen. Kohl's fnancial reform amendment makes a safe harbor for the term "financial planner" like lawyer or accountant 
 Sen. Kohl's fnancial reform amendment makes a safe harbor for the term "financial planner" like lawyer or accountant 
 Sen. Kohl's fnancial reform amendment makes a safe harbor for the term "financial planner" like lawyer or accountant 
 Sen. Kohl's fnancial reform amendment makes a safe harbor for the term "financial planner" like lawyer or accountant 
 Sen. Kohl's fnancial reform amendment makes a safe harbor for the term "financial planner" like lawyer or accountant 
 Sen. Kohl's fnancial reform amendment makes a safe harbor for the term "financial planner" like lawyer or accountant 
 Sen. Kohl's fnancial reform amendment makes a safe harbor for the term "financial planner" like lawyer or accountant 
 Sen. Kohl's fnancial reform amendment makes a safe harbor for the term "financial planner" like lawyer or accountant 
 Sen. Kohl's fnancial reform amendment makes a safe harbor for the term "financial planner" like lawyer or accountant 
 Sen. Kohl's fnancial reform amendment makes a safe harbor for the term "financial planner" like lawyer or accountant 
 RT  RT  Certified Financial Planner Board hikes requirement for certification: 
 RT  Trying to figure out what the Accountant just told you?  Financial Terms Glossary: 
 Sen. Kohl's fnancial reform amendment makes a safe harbor for the term "financial planner" like lawyer or accountant 
 Sen. Kohl's fnancial reform amendment makes a safe harbor for the term "financial planner" like lawyer or accountant 
 If you are interested in reading my responses to people's questions last night at the FPA/AZ Republic event go to 
 I briefly had one of those   RT  Me:  "What happened to your laptop?"
  It is impossible to find a fund that will outperform. If anything other than luck it would've bn done 
  you've got to see it at an IMAX
  they will create a licensure fee to track who's calling themselves a planner. No biggie, an SRO like FINRA... 
 Read the letter from the CFP Board re Senator Kohl's amendment to the financial regulatory reform.  please retweet!!!
 Read the letter from the CFP Board re Senator Kohl's amendment to the financial regulatory reform.  please retweet!!!
 RT  DFA Q&A: Do Fundamentals Tell Us When Stocks Are Overpriced?  
 RT  DFA Q&A: Can Investors Profit from Momentum? 
 RT  DFA Q&A: Seeking the Best Inflation Hedge 
 RT  DFA Q&A: Are Stocks Safer in the Long Run?  
 RT  DFA Q&A: Financial Innovation -- A Blessing or a Curse? 
 RT  DFA Essays: Luck versus Skill in Mutual Fund Performance 
 RT  DFA Q&A: Who Should Hold Long Term Bonds? 
  you are my new favorite person!  Love the  tweets.
 Read the letter from the CFP Board re Senator Kohl's amendment to the financial regulatory reform.  please retweet!!!
    have you seen the email from the CFP board? 
 Anyone following the  debate or  please weigh in on Sen. Kohl's amendment to the regulatory reform 
 Financial Planners weigh in on Sen. Kohl's amendment.  I am going 2 forward the thread on Friday 2 all US Senators 
 Reminder! I will be answering financial planning questions tonight on behalf of the FPA and AZ Republic 
   thanks for retweeting about making Financial Planner a protected professional title. 
 Read the letter from the CFP Board re Senator Kohl's amendment to the financial regulatory reform.  please retweet!!!
  if you want to read more about Bush & Clinton at  visit  
  thanks for following me.
 Senate to consider making the term Financial Planner a protected professional term.    please retweet!
 Please call your senator re Senator Kohl (WI) amendment to the financial regulatory reform 
 Read the letter from the CFP Board re Senator Kohl's amendment to the financial regulatory reform.  please retweet!!!
 Read the letter from the CFP Board re Senator Kohl's amendment to the financial regulatory reform. 
  I am following your financial planning wave now, just trying to figure this out and determine if my... 
  thanks for the reply 
  Go figure. Since pandora's box was opened, you wonder if he only admitted to doing so under some other threat. 
 Got it, thx.   There's  a public wave for financial planning. Search for with:public "financial planning"
  I don't know what to believe regarding Massa.
    thanks for following me.
  Thanks for following me.
 Finally got my Google Wave invite, now I just have to find others that also have Google Wave.
 Is anybody using SwapTree  ...a new website that allows people to trade books, music, dvds rather than buy and sell
 NY Congressman Massa says he was forced out by the White House to make the vote for health care reform easier  
 FPA & AZ Republic to host financial planning phone bank on 3/10/10. I'll be answering calls 
 Financial Planners come join the first virual study group/forum just for financial planners 
 Read the first response-I am azazed that people don't understand what a CFP(r) does... RT   
  2pm Friday works for me.  What time zone are you in?  I am currently MST.
 Go to  to find a fee-only planner RT  I need a financial advisor
  I am looking for a recent college grad who wants to become a financial planner.  No experience necessary.  Send me a DM
 New planning presenation component RT  RT  CFP Board hikes requirement for certification exam 
 Go to  RT  RT  Can anyone reccomend a good financial planner who provides product neutral advice
  thanks for following me.
 RT  Client shoots clean broker over bad bonds in second texas shoot out at financial firm in 4 months. 
  what's a sandbox account???
  do u want to schedule 15 minutes to talk?  Maybe thr way we could avoid wasting time playing phone tag
  I'd be happy to start a list of financial scams on my forum if there isn't already a central site that does that.
  do you have wi-fi at your Carefree Hwy & Scottsdale Rd. location?
  thought you'd like this..... RT  Why Cave Creek is the 'best affordable suburb' in Arizona 
  get a Mac
 Just unfollowed another 100+ deadbeats.  If you haven't posted in forever or are just out for yourself I'm going to unfollow you as well!
 I am looking to hire a recent/soon 2b college grad who is interested in becoming a   If interested send me a DM.
 I am looking to bring a small  firm into my  office in Carefree, AZ.  If interested send me a DM.
 Sure!  RT  Can an investment policy statement help boost returns?   
  what is a sandbox account 
 Financial planners following the  conversation...join the first virtual study group for financial planners 
 And my firm is happy to buy them RT  Roame says there are a tons of RIA firms for sale 
 Alice in Wonderland beats out Avatar for opening weekend in IMAX sales. 
 A good reason to rollover RT  Roth 401(k)s have RMDs (unless it is an inherited account.)  Roth IRAs do not!
  sorry can't help there. Good luck though
  like a PWC or Accenture type?
 Do you use  ...come check out the first virtual study group for financial planners  and get a 30 day free trial
  here u go  RT  Top 10 Websites for You To Unfollow Inactive Twitter Users  (via 
  I've cut down from 1400 people I follow to about 700 in the last 2 weeks.
  oh yes. I when I first got on Twitter I followed everybody and am now slowly getting rid of those who rn't worth following.
  oh yes, I'd love to try out Google Wave but haven't had my application approved yet. Don't they know who I am ;) ?
  r u referring to my comment about the Fpa being in bed with Merrill?
  why would you think I'm stuck in limbo?
 Just got rid of 150+ people I was following that are dead beats.  If I am still following you, congrats you are not a deadbeat!
  if you used 2b a financial planner and have any desire to stay quasi up to speed check out 
  hope that helps.
  I would steer clear of Beta. Most investors think it gives an honest appraisal of risk level. Beta is "my risk v. other risk."
  I steer clear of things like Sharpe, Treynor, and Information Ratio.
  Standard Deviation...because most investors don't understand how to extrapolate the idea of risk from it.
  Have you tried Home Depot? ...they have contracted contractors that will do work for you.
 If they approve my application first. RT  Google Wave May Finally Tread Water With Email Notifications  
 What a joke-The FPA partners w/ Merrill Lynch 2 promote financial planning. Isn't the FPA against what Merrill stands 4? 
 Blog Post: The Future of HUD Reverse Mortgages 
 Financial Planners can use Roth Conversions to win CPA referrals.  Talk about the planning aspects of the conversion 
 Read this, then go wash ur hands! RT  NY Times - rise of supergerms. 
 While you're watching the Academy Awards tonight, login in to  to catch up on issues affecting financial planners
  thanks for following me.
    ...thank you all for following me.  Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
  I have not forgotten about you. Will cal you this week to discuss your offering.
 Dont think we'd stop using them if they did RT  Do you think cell phones cause cancer?
 Using it for last month, love it RT  Wow very impressed with Siri personal assistant for mobile phones 
  buy indexes and opportunistically rebalance is best.
 For some reason Sen. Harry Reid thinks paying taxes is voluntary. 
 HAHAHAHAHA RT  A Committee is a group of people who individually can do nothing, but as a group decide that nothing can be done.
  thanks for following me
  thanks for following me 
  that'd be cool 
  Why not write a story for your blog on how planners should work with journalists? I'll point people toward... 
  You don't have many sources? .... I disagree that planners just want 2b interviewed. More that they want... 
  I hope that what it can be for you as well.  The forum is growing fast -- there are some great people on... 
 I can't get enough of this article RT  Brokers confess their job is less about advice & more about sales 
 Another Democrat to retire from Congress RT  NY Rep. Eric Massa to resign after sexual harassment probe 
  to help me improve the FPE, what are your, a journalists, biggest obstacles when working with financial... 
  so what was your first impression of the Financial Planning Exchange from a journalist's perspective?   
 No, waiting 4 approval RT  r u finding Wave helpful? RT   wave will email u when u get a new wave
  thx for following me
  thanks for the  mention
 RT  RT  If you see a good business model somewhere else in the world, copy it. Scott Rafer
 4 my followers who live in the Scottsdale, AZ area... my wife owns a salon and day spa.  Follow her 4 deals  
  Facereader1  thanks for following me.
 I wanted to buy one... RT   Greece Won't Sell Islands to Cover Debts
 The Financial Planning Exchange welcomes its newest member: amybuttell 
  BTW if you ever need it... here's a link to a thread about financial planning 4 a fallen police officer 
 The Financial Planning Exchange welcomes it's newest member: wilsondmw  
  I am happy to continue the anti-jargon convo
  ...that's awesome, what luck!
 RT  Looking for the magic on Twitter... 7 Twitter Networking Techniques  (via 
  my pleasure 
  ur welcome 
 RT  Brokers confess that their job is less about giving advice and more about closing sales . 
 RT  NAPFA Consumer Webinar Series - TODAY March 5 1pm EST - "Leaving a Legacy" 
   for writing a great review of the NYTimes piece on the Fiduciary Standard   
 Please NO!!!  RT  Arizona lawmakers banking on state sales tax increase 
 Genius merges digital and physical world with SixthSense Technology  
 Well stated!!! RT  NYTimes uncovers deeper fiduciary truth by interviewing wirehouse brokers  
 Free for 30 days, the Financial Planning Exchange, a study group/forum for financial prodessionals 
 RT  Attn all Police and Firefighters in Tucson Arizona.  We will do your INCOME TAXES FREE next week. Spread the word!
 OKAY sounds good RT  I am traveling out of town til THursday afternoon and I will call you after the Chamber lunch.
 Yum, save some for me. RT  Nothing makes an office quieter than the delivery of good Thai food.
  can't make the chamber lunch.... I will give you a call when I've got a minute
       thank you all for following me!
  should be interesting to see what happens with it. 
 New Blog Post: "More on the future of HUD Reverse Mortgages" by Angella Conrard 
  I just don't think clients understand it, abbreviated or not.  They don't understand TWR either.
 My 2cents, No. Too much uncompensated risk. RT  Should You Include "Managed Futures" In Your Portfolio? 
  thx for following me.  From your profile, your service offering seems interesting!!!
  ...I hate YTM, Beta, Standard Deviation
 To my dear followers, please consider becoming a fan of the Financial Planning Exchange on FaceBook 
   how much to have you take over my facebook fan page  ....call me if you want or send me an email.
  can u tell more about the report that u are sending out.  Hard to say what I wld eliminate when I don't... 
 Check this out! Deposit checks to bank account via iPhone 
 Calling all  join the virtual study group for advisors and planners  -- free 30 day trial memberships
 For those employed in  or  check out the virtual study group for financial planners 
  blog jargon: I'd eliminate or limit anything the public isn't likely to understand on first read through. If I understand the ?
 CNBC is going to air a documentary about the baby boomers hosted by Tom Brokaw 
 RT  ABC shutting down bureaus, laying off staff. Gee, if you had reported the news?   via 
  Jacobu09  thank you for following me.
 Twitter users please come contribute to the new thread, Using Social Media to Market of Financial Planning Practice 
 My pleasure ...you run a great service. RT   Well hell, THANK YOU. Damn cool of you to say.
  I am going to have to check out Mint... I know nothing about it right now.  Not many of my clients really need a budget.
  thanks for the retweet I really appreciate it.
 If you haven't used  to get rid of the worthless people you follow you are missing out on one of the great Twitter tools!
 Me Too. RT   Thanks Chris. I'm interested in hearing about ur experience w/ Mint.com from a advisor's view.
  thanks for following me.
  i'm interested in hiring a recent college grad who wants 2 become a financial planner here in Carefree! DM me if u know anybody.
  thx for following me. Pls consider joining my study group/forum for financial planners 
  I think somebody hacked your twitter account.  I got a random DM from you with a odd link in it.
 I want to hire a recent college grad that wants to become a  The job is in Carefree, AZ.  DM me w/interest.
 I got rid of about 150 unproductive people I was following today!  Love Twit Cleaner!!!!!
  ....I am sorry you don't like tweetdeck, it works for me.
 Financial Planners, would u like 2b able 2 ask other planners 4 help? Join 1st virtual study group/forum for planners 
 RT  two-hour documentary called "Boomer$!" It will air at 9 p.m. March 4 on CNBC
 RT  Warren Buffett's Prescription: Scrap the Health Care Bill: POLITICO -- Billionaire investor Warren... 
 The Twit Cleaner looks awesome  I'm trying it now.
 But I really like Tweetdeck ...RT  Twitter Rolling Out New Site To Kill TweetDeck & Other 3rd-Party Clients 
