 RT  Hey,  - we've created an app just for you: 
  you bet! DM me your email and whether you're a iPhone or Android user.
  real time shuttle bus mapping, log into PAWS to view and map course schedule, laundry availability, CCL availability, more!
  mobile app for iPhone and Android currently in beta testing. On target for launch in time for start of Fall semester.
  just finished composing the message. it'll be going out this afternoon.
  are you on iphone or android?
 RT  Right now a bipartisan room of DC millionaires is discussing how to cut svces for the poor & not slightly tax themselves.
   We're looking forward to it! I hope we carve out some time to make those friendship bracelets...
 playing with Google+ ... I like.
  yeah, struggling with the price tag a bit too.
  totally! I'm bringing it to work tomorrow. You should stop by and check it out!
 Test driving a new xoom....love it. It won't be going back to the store after 30 days.
 a day with only one meeting? could it be? something's not right....
  Sabin also stinks this morning. must be going around...
  I'll swing by Michael's and pick up the needed crafts for our friendship bracelets.  can help.
 Go Crew! First place!
 It's 62 degrees in the house. It's the middle of June. I refuse to turn the furnace on. No.
 UWM's new method for cooling hot offices. 
 I'm an uncle (again)! Yay!
 budget amendment would have terrible consequences for WI's broadband and WiscNet. See last point at: 
  indeed...liked the idea of a good "offense" by telling strong stories so as to avoid appearing defensive when brand is "attacked"
 great to hear a Chancellor with such passion about the importance of a strong university brand and message  
 This was taken in the basement of Concordia College in Ann Arbor. IT people always end up in the basement. 
 Sitting in a bar in Ann Arbor drinking an IPA and listening to  I may never leave. 
  didn't think of that! will have to look into that. still $135/person just to ride the ferry...
 2 people + 1 car to cross lake michigan on lake express ferry: $537. who would do that?
 Driving in Fox Point on a warm Spring evening is like a real-live drivers ed simulation. 
  new temporary office space. 
 RT  - Cartoon: The Chief Obstruction Officer 
 it's  swag selection day! taking suggestions. clothing? gadgets? kittens?
 least surprising headline of the day: "Wisconsin shut out of federal train money" imagine that.
   sounds great! Let's do it!
 Sump pump replacement try  was far more successful than try  I need a condo.
  looks like we've settled on 'Scream Blacula Scream' circa 1978. The main characters name is Willis. Outstanding!
 What to watch.... Zombie Women of Satan or Mega Shark vs. Crocosaurus?? I hate you, streaming Netflix.
 Dear Alberta Darling, stop wasting your Koch money on mailing me fliers. I will be voting to recall you. FYI.
 I smell like doughnuts?
 I don't like the word 'pedagogy'
 Good Friday when your wife works for a Jesuit university = fresh baked cookies. Good Friday, indeed.
  totally in! Let's do it!
 Dear  jet parked at our gate...move your ass so we can get off this plane!
 Amazing stay so far at Hard Rock Hotel. Almost as good as  Almost.
 Watching handfuls of fans leaving PETCO Park after a Padres win. Handfuls.
 My wife just found a gray hair. So, apparently its going to turn gray before it finishes falling out. WTF? More beer, please.
  you're such a giver. It will be delivered next week. Thanks!
 Is it ok to have wine shipped to work? My cat doesn't have the opposible digit to sign for it.
 Waiting for burgers at Hodad's, which sounds like the San Diego version of  We'll see....
 Lunch! 
  nope. Vacation!
 Stay classy, San Diego. 
 RT  someone just suggested this is how walker's recall signatures should be submitted: 
 this makes sense! The Wisconsin Idea Partnership - a plan to keep  unified and strong: 
 The line to vote wasn't this long for the gubernatorial election. Very telling...
 RT  How does the Wisconsin Idea Partnership differ from the New Badger Partnership? See this comparison chart.  ...
 And the train is moving...can't wait for tonight's  show 
  we got our tix for Chicago, but wouldn't turn down the afterparty ;)  
 RT  Yes, please! DeVotchKa  3/31, RT and receive a free ticket to the show & afterparty! 
  I think yes. if one had to choose where to spend resources...apps dev v. mobile web. choice is easy given advancements of devices
 congrats to our friends at Oshkosh! RT  Check out UWO's new mobile application for Android and iPhone: 
 Dear Lake Michigan, I've had enough of your shit this winter. I'd rather smell you, but at least it'd be summer.
  UWM mobile app will be available for iOS and Android
  D2L will be launching their own mobile app for iOS, Android and Blackberry in the near future. check out: 
 talking marketing and promo videos for the upcoming  mobile app
 Have a friend looking for an entry level communications or PR position. Anyone have any leads?
 Loving the Milwaukee Public Market...why has it taken me so long to discover this place?
 RT  Damned by his own words:  
 Dane County judge halts collective bargaining law
 OH: have you ever been kangaroo punched in your joey pouch?
  absolutely!
 Real men sit at the bar 
 I love Wikipedia. Or was Ben Franklin really known as "Wolverine Man"?
 Puppy protester 
 big congrats to  and  for submitting the UWO mobile app to Apple and Android! can't wait to download it!
  perfect. let's meet at harry's - go from there.
  totally! any night next week works for me
  hey, some of your old high school buddies are state employees and union members ;) but I'll still buy you a beer.
  wow! when  calls you a loser, I think it's time to just pack it in. sorry, loser.
  re: angels on pinhead - the question serves as a metaphor for wasting time debating topics of no practical value (wikipedia)
 RT  To WI protestors: Stay peaceful! This is part of bigger battle and GOP/Fox/et al want every chance to make Unions/Dems ...
 RT  Couldn't resist checking out the scene for myself.   
 RT  "Apparently Gov Walker is giving democracy up for lent"
 unbelievable. 
 RT  The lifecycle of a  snowfall. yfrog.com/hsjdlydj
 great discussion with  class re:  web and mobile initiatives
 Just another day at UWM.... 
  I'd pay $2
 OH: "Michael, I need eyes and a smile." 
  indeed! Just think of the home depot discount!
 State employees: Home Depot is hiring seasonal help.  
  we use commonspot university-wide. would be happy to share our experience with you. DM me your contact info.
  re:  mobile app...it will be THAT cool. we will also have GPS bus tracking, course schedules, maps, etc. iOS & Android
 despite having a fridge full of leftovers from the game yesterday, we're ordering Chinese. 
 Go Pack Go!
 Amen! RT  Will someone please get this Fox News blow-hard off of my Super Bowl pre-game show.
 The perfect flowers for tomorrow's party: 
 Hour 1: drifts cleared in front of garage, door. Furnace vent cleared. Lots of cursing. Breakfast break.
 today = reason  why I should have bought a condo.
  oh no! I'm useless when I can't get at my calendar - I don't know where to go :( you still there?
 RT   Ya. It's crazy here... Check the view from my desk. 
   
  the best place to check for  weather-related cancellations is the campus homepage - www.uwm.edu
 Mystery Science Theater 3000 predicts a  victory: 
 I need to stop reading about the snow. the phrase "paralyzing blizzard" in the forecast is unsettling
 up to 28 inches of snow between tonight and thursday? how fun.  
 every time I bust open the Anacin bottle, I think of 
 Google's Eric Schmidt: Top 10 Reasons Mobile Is Always  
 I'm an uncle! yay!!!!
 As the Web Goes Mobile, Colleges Fail to Keep Up: 
  fantastic! I look forward to hearing it! 
   I know how to celebrate: Surfin' Bird by The Trashmen! Please? 
 YES! Super Bowl!
 This is killing me. And, turning me into an alcoholic. 
 Raji is proof that chubby = awesome! 
  me too, please. RT   Hold me.
 Time to wake up, Pack. Let's go! No one named Caleb should beat you. 
 Caleb who?
 More points, please. 
 Check that - the wife says I can only have Clay Matthews' babies. Why? Because of the long flowing locks.
 I will have Dom Capers' babies.
  we had a similar dilemma....what did you decide?
 excited about the progress  regionals committee is making. are you interested in hosting a regional? 
 service level agreement violation: 
 that should get the point across: Student pays tuition in $1 bills  (via 
 First trip ever to the eye doctor. I know, I know...but the DMV says I can see just fine.
 I used to think it was bad to forget my wallet in the morning. today I've forgotten my phone. that's much, much worse.
  ugh. Now I see what you were referring to. Ha!
 first  conference committee meeting. exciting!
 norton anti-virus online university bowl: phoenix v. kaplan (via  
  suggestion: Surfin' Bird by The Trashmen. c'mon, you know you want to.
   Geminis forever!
 so I'm a Taurus now? I'll miss you, Gemini. did your horoscope change? 
  uh oh! Don't keep me waiting. What's up?
 Oregon, I got those same shoes.
  TV calibrations take months to schedule...especially when you get rescheduled without notice. 
 YES!! 
 It could only happen to GB. Lead the entire game and potential to lose it in last 2 min.
  I can be. Gimme 2 min.
  sir, I'm concerned about you. Do I need to get a wheelchair delivered to Sabin?
 Gout!
 Chef Robert Irvine's ears are gigantic. Think he can fly? 
 Love the chorus of boo's 
  agreed! Hopefully she'll pass out soon. The screaming over my left shoulder needs to stop.
  I just...I don't know you anymore, man.
   ;)
 Roasting garlic. House smells great. They should make a candle that smells like that instead of coconut lime verbena. Huh?
   just had an egg from Edith this morning! Delicious!
  we're using the galaxy tab right now for mobile project. seems pretty cool. new LG Slate G reportedly has 3D ;)
 in  webinar. learning about mobile augmented reality.
 Montel Williams was busted at MKE with a pot pipe? Think they'll do a DNA test to make sure it's really HIS pot pipe?
  ha! No, I just need to schedule it. Will do that tomorrow.
  c'mon, Baby Duce! good luck, Keri!
 Bulaga needs to sit down 
 Oh  killing me. Really.
  found your entry, Corina! Great read! 
 It has arrived! New reading material courtesy of  
 I've now received more parking tickets with the loaner car than with my own car. Do I have to pay them?
 exploring the possibility of real-time GPS tracking of  res hall shuttle bus locations for upcoming mobile app
 hey, that's great. can we stop the crazy fees now? RT  Airlines post fattest profits in 10 years 
 best Xmas gift yet! My obsession with Billy the Exterminator taken to new heights: 
 so it sounds like my car won't be fixed until sometime next week. I think I'm just going to keep the loaner.
  LOVE your annual culture book! I've been an avid reader since the 2008 edition. can't wait to get my copy!
 Picked up car because it was 'fixed'. Drove it downtown and check engine light comes back on. Back at dealer.  
 pretty sure that between streaming content from netflix, vudu, and cinemanow, I will be poor and extremely overweight very soon.
 Bears will lose tomorrow....right?!?
 Here you go, Pats. Have a win on us.
  agreed. BTW, mornings aren't the same without you. Can you tweet me the weather in the mornings? Your replacement twirls.
 OH: The Exorcist? I haven't watched that since I was like 9.
  yeah, made it home around 8 last night
 Stuck in Oshkosh with car troubles. 
  serves Starbucks. This pleases me greatly.
 Why do hotel tv volume levels default to ear-piercing? Wake up, neighbors!
  want me to get you tickets? I'm sure plenty are available ;)
 bigger news than the Big Ten's new divisions: RT  Yanni to play Milwaukee Theatre on March 24 
 What a stupid play. 
  absolutely! probably not in the first release of the app, but it's on our radar.
  wow, mayor of Walmart AND Farm & Fleet in the same day?? Big day for you ;)
 A sad day for Wisconsin to lose millions in high speed rail money and jobs. I thought our state motto was 'Forward.' Ironic.
 RT  Breaking news- Wisconsin is losing the high speed rail money.  CA, NY and IL will apparently share it.
 Awww....I guess they really DO like each other. 
 don't worry,   iPhone and Android app is in the works!
  $250 it is! Cash, check or charge?
  $200 sound ok for your phone? if so, we have a deal.
  will do. I'll let you know!
  my brother-in-law would be interested. name your price, sir.
 a giant bag of cashews from  christmas has arrived early.
 the UW purchasing process: 
 UW System employees: Rep. Nass' thoughts on tuition hike cap, furlough days, budget cuts, relationship with UWS: 
 Look at these morons! Oh wait.... 
 Can't believe I'm up at this hour to go shopping. Wondering if there are any bars still open...
 RT  EFF's latest HTTPS Everywhere plugin helps protect against Firesheep-style attacks 
 a tornado watch? what month is it?
 jobs for people who don't like people: 
 That stupid Vikings horn makes me think of the smoke monster. I miss Lost.
  this man wants your rail money: 
  indeed!  to the rescue! Had a very nice flight.
   thanks so much for responding so quickly to my whining! My long legs will appreciate the extra room.
 absolutely convinced that I'm meant to never have extra legroom on  have to make seat assignment at gate now.
 dear  it would be awesome to be able to redeem vouchers online. 
 Oh no! I lost 
 B.B. King is 85 and the guy can still rock! What a great show!
 Waiting for B.B. King 
 Boston Store won't take coupons because price is already 'an incredible value.' Well, that's your opinion, Boston Store. It was an ok value.
 The wife needed to do some shopping. I was given cash and sent to the bar. I like shopping.
  so that's why they were so cheap?
 wow! 541 shots given  flu clinic! nearly 3 times more than any other 2010-11 flu clinic. 
 unable to break bread with  this morning. filling the void with Starbucks white mocha. it's just not the same.
 yesterday it was 50 degrees in the office. today it's 90. 
  you in the learning commons?
  rock! Thank you sir!
 if you're looking to wreak havoc with your car, do it in Canada. you're not responsible for the other party's deductible. Oh, Canada!
  agreed. We will be on our way soon. Get the peanut butter ready.
 All this talk of sobelmanns, we need to take them to  instead. How can I convince them?
 agreed. RT  have not been this happy for it to be friday in a very long time....
 headache. busting open the Anacin. thanks again, 
 I woke up in a red state this morning 
 Wow. Voting took all of 5 minutes.
 Voting
 Both Ron Johnson and Russ Feingold need someone to dress them. What's with the crazy plaid shirts?
 Never grocery shop on a Sunday. I should know this.
 Just saw Teen Wolf (costume, not movie)
 I thought I had walked into a strip club...nope, just Bar Louie. You're neat, Halloween.
 soooooo, Marquette's EMBA program is 17 months long and costs over $54,000. it comes with a laptop. it should come with a car.
   want me to ship you some  ;)
 it's a 2 mocha blanco sort of morning  I'll probably regret this later, but I have no self control.
  spoils me.
  your gift finally made its way through campus mail - thanks SO much! love the Anacin!
  fly safe! bound to be a bumpy ride...
  yay! :)
  you're ditching us? 
 RT  Michael Cudahy giving $2 million for UWM Innovation Park project 
  I was wondering why you were using a pen. it all makes sense now.
 Some lady at the end of the bar is mean-muggin' me. Suggestions?
 awesome:  (via  )
 hey Google, you can test your 1 Gbps network here at  RT  Google To Build A Test 1 Gbps Network in Stanford 
 pricey! RT  Verizon to sell Galaxy Tab starting 11/11 for $600, world schedules chucklefest for same day 
 Watching  grow and make a name for itself. I love being a part of it. 
 campus developers, too RT  College campus CIOs and Directors presented with big challenges supporting the "App for that" concept
  tattler!
 Opening kick runback for TD. THE Ohio State = lame.
 Google has left  thanks to Google for the visit! the images will be available on Google Maps in about 6 months.
 RT   Brett Favre takes a stray pass to the groin [video] 
  thanks for the follow and for coming out to  today - it was great meeting you!
  sorry for all the retweets! ;)
 RT  Wish they'd come to UCLA! RT  The Google Trike in action at   
  thanks for the shout re: google trike!
 The Google Trike in action at   
 The trike has arrived   
  indeed - the trike is finally here today!
  just heard from google - they're heading in from chicago and hit a little traffic. ETA: a little after 9.
 campus looks beautiful this morning. a perfect day for the Google Trike to pedal through 
  will do! Thanks again for the coverage.
  thanks for the shoutout! Wish you guys could be there. Will post pics to Twitter!
 Yay! Congrats to  Best burger in the Brew City!
 Back home in Milwaukee
  thanks, Susan!
  foursquare is in the works. I know we're behind, but we're getting there. Have faith.
  to let Google know what time they should be on campus. Thanks!
  any word on tomorrow morning? Just want to let googk
 Leaving Cincinnati after a great  Thanks to all involved for organizing, presenting and... karaoking.
  checking with Google re your last email. Will let you know as soon as I hear.
   i'll be there! 
 A new era of book signing.  iPad:  
  so awesome! Replied with some logistical info. Looking forward to it!
   possible story idea for you regarding Google Tricycle at UWM. emailed you details.
 SHIT  
 OH re: Milwaukee: the most underrated city in the world. 
 Looks like the 2 people the gate agents were paging over and over just arrived. They're mad as hell that the plane departed. The nerve!
 At the airport waiting to head to 
 Looks like the weather is going to be perfect in Cincinnati for 
 I am so lucky to be at Harrys with Tamara and Ericca
 awww...the mighty sony 250lb tv may be dying. turns red, then turns off. standby light blinks 5 times. bad sign. time to tv shop! wooooo!!!
  trash talking already? We'll just see, sir...
 I'm not a huge coffee drinker and today I've had WAY too much, but damn I feel GREAT!
 getting annoyed with the persistent eyelid twitching
 Jewish holiday = JCC is closed = no workout for me = extra time to stop at starbucks. best workout EVER.
  Alterra on the Lake - it's delicious!
 coffee with  
  Harrys misses you!
 SO looking forward to a post-work Harry's trip. it's been a long time (for me).
 RT  Google Docs Editing Coming to iPad and Android - 
 back to reality. only 1 voicemail in 2 weeks of being gone. I'm not sure if I should be happy or scared...
 oops. Must clear clipboard.  - 
 ahhh Sawyer's nicknames. I miss  
  if only...had the GPS warned us of the moron turning left in front of a tour bus into our lane....
   everyone is ok. the only causality was the GPS :(
  yeah, just some bruises and airbag burn. Wish I could say the same for that rock garden...
 What's the problem? This is how I like to park my rental car. Unexpected excitement in Niagara Falls: 
 Oh data plan....how I've missed you! Back in the states...
  wow! where haven't you been?? :) keep hearing about Montreal smoked meat - will definitely try your suggestions!
 rain today in Montreal. so great to be reading a book that isn't about leadership, change management, or social networking.
 first full day in Montreal. goal  find coffee.
 Canadian money has hockey players on it. That is all.
 never knew that installing maps onto a  could be such a difficult process 
  I did indeed!
  unfortunately I won't be around then. Need me to arrange a few play dates for you?
 So apparently you're not supposed to eat out on labor day. Milwaukee restaurants, who's open??
 the morning after a perfect reception  
 She said 'i do'! Yay!
 T minus 60 minutes...
 Picking just the right Journey song for the wedding tomorrow. Oh so many choices....
 "Bitches don't know 'bout my diabeetus" - Wilford Brimley 
  thanks! will definitely check it out and let you know my feedback
  according to cnn...though they're saying it's not an active well
 wow - another oil rig explosion in the gulf?
  I'm going to find the Canadian equivalent to Harry's
  it is indeed!
 sad to see our Greene Hall refugees leaving us to return to their newly cleaned up post-flood offices
 last day in the office until 9/20. wonder how productive I'll be today...
  glad to hear you bought it! download "Advanced Task Killer"
 VisitCanada.com actually says "Don’t even think about bringing Cuban cigars back, as long as George W. Bush has anything to say about it."
 I can bring 1.5 litres of wine, 1.14 litres of liquor or 24 bottles of beer, and 200 cigarettes into Canada. litres? I have to do math??
  no issues. I can get 24-36 hours on one charge. just gotta watch your settings and download a task killer app
 record-setting registrations for  - wow! are you coming? there's still time to register: 
  love my EVO - highly recommend!
 wondering what life would be like if no one complained. what would we talk about?
 a loud bang coming from the basement is never a good thing. dryer drum won't even spin anymore. bah, clean sheets are overrated anyway.
  thanks for the Montreal info!
 all booked for a trip to Montreal. ever been? any recommendations for things to see/do?
 This looks sweet: Polaroid bringing Bluetooth printing to Android. 
 Samsung Captivate (android) for a penny at amazon with 2 year at&t contract. 
  Fall 2010 Move In dates for Cambridge, Purin, RiverView, and Sandburg are August 28 - 31. Kenilworth Square on September 1.
 The old guy who just sat down next to me wearing a tie-dyed t-shirt sure smells like pot. Weird.
 RT  Verizon testing a $99 unlimited plan that simply matches Sprint's famous offering 
  I realize that....now ;) misread the article. 
  wireless is going to rock again this year thanks to our friends at 
 On to Vanilla Ice already. P.S. there's a reason these guys only play state fairs. Oh, and Sheena was a man.
 I said my name is Loc she said you're a liar....
 Show is so packed for Tone Loc, we can't even see the stage. 
 Heading to the Iowa state fair to see Vanilla Ice and Tone Loc. Yeah, I know. You're jealous.
 At Restaurant Magnus listening to old dudes rock the jazz scene. So glad its not past their bed time.
 The Capitol is depressed. 
  ooohhhh! Please don't take this the wrong way but.....nice furnace.
  I use astro
  no, no. THIS would be the final step to having officially lost it: 
  
  I got the Basement Watchdog Special 2500 GPH with the 7.5 hour standby battery. Know a guy who can install it, too, if needed.
  worked like a champ. power was out for about 4 hours and it ran probably 6 or 7 times.
 Ahhhh power is back!
 No power in fox point. This will be a good test of the battery back up sump pump.
  lots of running opportunities along the lake! Will show you when you arrive.
 Sabin Hall flood clean up. 
 Madison. Concert on the square. I'm on the wrong side of the square. 
 a meeting at 9:30 doesn't mean that you should leave your house at 9:30
 First 4g experience on the evo. Wow! Thanks, Chicago!
  one more reason to move to Denver. we need a 4G billionaire in Milwaukee. Dear, Herb Kohl....
 Sprint gains more subscribers than it lost in Q2 - first net gain in 3 years. Thanks, Evo. 
  wanna help me do a CBA for mobile apps development?? C'mon, you know you want to... ;)
 best news of the day: a 5th Die Hard movie is "imminent" 
  most definitely. what if social media existed when boomers entered the workforce? that wouldn't change the way people worked?
  are they trying to get rid of you? like Mr. Thomassoulo did to George Costanza?
  disagree with millennials article. the "only" difference he sees is tech?? that's the BIGGEST difference & is what will causes change
 Thanks  for the great foursquare deal! BOGO glasses of wine.
 Line outside the door at jimmy johns. I'm not freaking about how fast its (not) moving.
  call Orkin. dude initially quoted me a similar price, but took cash under the table for $50.
 spotted: the sun. weird...
 RT  Milwaukee to hire Humboldt Bridge contractors to fix sink hole. They promise it'll be filled in by 2017-unless it snows sometime
 latest report: nearly 8 inches of rain and counting. I'm pretty well set to go, but I need a second emu. anybody?
 dealing with this the only way I know how: booze.
  that was the front yard. The police have put barricades in front of the house. Comforting....
 Buy a house, they said. You're a fool to keep renting. It was all a sick joke, wasn't it?
 so much for the dry basement. note to self: install glass block in window wells
 Lake Hostad....from my living room.  
  if only! got a pontoon boat? I've got a lake...
 I think it's better when this happens at night - I don't like seeing how close the water is getting to my house.
  basement is dry so far  yard, though, is lake. going swimming soon.
 watching the neighborhood turn into a lake
 so tired of rain. tell me where I can live where it doesn't rain 4 inches at a time.
 you've got my vote! RT  Vote for  in  's as America's Favorite Food Truck. 
 wish I had seen THIS job when it was posted: U of I President's ASSISTANT making $195K.  (via 
 what are you doing on your campus regarding social media in terms of policies and/or best practices?
  awesome! very excited! looking forward to seeing you and Max again, and finally meeting your Mister :)
 not a single meeting today. glorious!
 educause leadership institute ending....all leader'd up
 Apparently I'm sitting next to the dude who played harry potter.
 heard milwaukee got a monsoon last night. hoping the house is still dry. guess I'll find out tomorrow...
  not specifically, but similar
 out of all the people in this leadership class, I'm the only one that's a 'sensor' (emotional, expressive)...think I'm doomed for leadership
 Drinking a Pabst in Boulder. On tap. Ahhh...home.
 RT  Are you ready for mobile? You better be: 23% of respondents reported searching college sites from their smart phones. 
 is your organization over-managed and under-led? we spend too much time telling people how/where/when to do things.
 going to head down the street to  for a mocha...do I take my conference badge off or proudly wear it in public?
 first educause leadership session. for the benefit of my followers, I'll take notes in a conventional manner rather than via twitter
  let me know if you go. the Time Bandit brothers wrote some really naughty things on my Northwestern t-shirt. I'll send it along!
 This hotel creeps me out. With every turn I make, I'm half expecting to be greeted by Danny Torrance on his big wheel.
 the fact that the Hillstrand Brothers are doing commercials for  almost makes me want to change insurance companies. almost.
 big thanks to  for their quick response to my issue. this is a company that understands how to respond to social media!
  wow! Great recommendation! Thanks
  tequila bistro? I'm there!
  thanks! Exploring today before sessions start so this comes in handy! Currently sitting along boulder creek reading email (sad)
  it wasn't bad. About an hour, but we had to drop off other people, too.
 Advertising for the benefit of hotel guests. Effective, tho, because I will be checking out 'sushi bar' 
  Boulder for educause training
 Perhaps the back seat of the shuttle bus wasn't a good idea. 
  actually, could you send that back to me?  ;) of course he should use it!
 1st trip on  Plane change. Seat upgrade ignored and money lost. Crammed into uncomfortable seat. 
 aforementioned hail: 
 oooohhhh hail!
 I remember when we used to get nice, gentle rains. anyone else remember that??
 Wondering if  said to meet at 11:30 or noon....
 Coffee and breakfast with  Oh, and work too, of course.
  wait. what? I thought we were open for business. I was told that small business owners would rule the world. weird.
    we have our standard campus badges, but were advised against a specific  because of cost.
