 Jimmy John's is retarded "oh you can't get a combo when its a delivery order" get your business together Jimmy
 Bitches ain't shit but hoes n tricks
 I find it a little weird that ol dude that works at the gas station bought me like 6 shot glasses when he went on his road trip
 I'm feeling attacked by some of the humans in my life....yall better slow down before you fuck around n get cut off. I'll forget you easily.
 Idk what you're doing, but I'm still in bed
 COOL!! I'm glad its gonna take forever for me to fall back asleep now. smh. Solution: Cartoons....Cartoon choice: The Mighty B
  not usually
 Mosquito bites woke me up:-/
 You can express your feelings or present your ideas in a very ... More for Scorpio 
  sometimes I'll find certain shit in there that I like, but even BeBe is becoming whack to me.
  online or love culture.... All I shopped at was MetroPark n they closed it down:'( wwaahhh I have no favorite store anymore
 Video shoot went well, other than that my day was pretty much like fgfggfgeisiojnghtryeuw.... Self explanatory....
 Me?? Never. I shopped at Deb lmao RT  Lol we talking about how you females use to shop at dots and rainbow
  ick you're such a man lol
 Isn't it tho?? RT    RT  Driving in basketball shorts and heels.... Cuz my flip flops broke.
 And I'm pretty sure my shirt is on backwards
 Driving in basketball shorts and heels.... Cuz my flip flops broke.
 Dear Samantha at the drive-thru, you're still cute
 OoMmmgg my apartment is so effing far!! I don't wanna drive
 I'm still starving.... and I'm exhausted
  thank you, anytime you need girls for a video let me know:) I'm excited to see it when its finished
 Make a wish
 I'm soaking wet and freezing
 Just wrapped  video shoot for "No Chaser"
 Chillin at this  video shoot
  yyaaayy that's dope!!
  I wonder how that even happens
 
  yo you need to change your password cuz you keep sending me spam
 RT  If your relationship has more issues than a magazine stand, then I suggest you cancel that subscription.
 From now on, when I get excited about something I'm gonna twirl in a full circle like the Disney Princess' do
 I'm gonna go buy a birthday cake after this, I need it
  I want ssoommee:(
 Holy sweat stains lady!! I feel like that's not appropriate for this establishment
  lol ok ok
  she's gotta be like 5 or 6
 RT  I wish people were like money. so u could hold them up to the light to see which ones are real and which ones are fake.
  Sleeping Beauty
  k thanks, glad I'm not the only one who feels I'm allowed to
 I wonder who did Mowgli's hair in the jungle book, he has a nice inverted bob
 This little girl (who keeps staring at me) just took my chair, am I allowed to push her off??
  twitpic when you're done!!
  jealous. I want more tatts. I had to slow down though:-/
  where are you and what do you want??
 I'm starving
 RT  Make sure you vote for Far Away on  Text TYG to 79922  !
 Even when the sun don't shine
 You may be a little bent out of shape today because you don't ... More for Scorpio 
  of course
  You're weird. <3
 Someone call me at 11am please
  you love it
  it only lasted a few mins
  oommmggg
 Listening to humans have sex
  lemme know the details
 Aannddd I need a massage
 I need to lay down
  xanax be kickin my ass
  nnnoooo I didn't mean to....and yes, this drinkin slow along with this xanax....gonna be a rough morning
  gone!!
  I meant it was NOT intentional....my bad I'm leanin, strugglin to read tweets lol
 I gotta close one eye to tweet right now
  I followed you then unfollowed you?? Cuz if that's the case it was intentional....and yes I do locally model
  I followed you before I noticed the numbers my dear XoXo
 My fave RT   Patron is that shit!
  well I decided to follow you cuz you seem like someone I should be following
 Xanax and patron
 RT  I'm gonna do this twitter this for a few days just for you 
  how are you seeing my tweets if you're not following me?? I'm gonna follow you if you followw mmeeeee
  more like sippin somethin good:)
 Sticking my fingers in melted candle wax cuz it feels cool
  will do....aannddd my mom said "oh my he's cute" lol feel free to put me in any videos, gotta build the resume before Cali
 Seeing double
 I bet you're wondering what's in my cup
  <3
 Never that, I'm just tippin RT    doesn't love me anymore :(
 Lean
  sip this n pop that, it'll change that right around....do some air humps....hope your night gets better
 And I'd do any thing just to see her face RT  But she's far far awwwwaaaayyyyy
 Oh girl I'm on one
 Fuck it I popped one
  I like it nasty
 I need a straw
  for sure, I peeped that hometown hero, I'm feelin it
 I keep a fine bitch, cuz I like the finer things
 Well damn Brina;) RT  RT  Me n ill lick u clean Yummmmmm
 Knew it RT    OMG~ all my turn-ons...a sticky, smoke reekin',  bug spray smellin' hottie...I'll cuddle you
 Wondering if  is at the strip club due to his bbm status
 I am sticky, covered in bug spray n I reek like smoke!! Who wants to cuddle!?
 RT  Bitch
  I'm not goin in either I've work everyday for the past I don't even know how long
  I got you
  so obnoxious
  you work tonight??
 Really wish God could explain to me WHY he created mosquitos!! Like really. What's the effin point!?
  chillaxin, running from mosquitos lol what are you doin hun??
 "Yea I'm on that fuck you juice, take a sip I'll fuck you later"-   <3
 If you're not a rapper or a photographer, we probably won't work.
  you can text that to me
  its too long for a tweet lol
 RT  Official Video Tyga - Far Away ft. Chris Richardson 
  nah, don't you remember I was talkin about him on ur couch n you asked why I like him?? Yea, ever since then its been oc
  lol nah I think you were just down there when it happened, pretty sure some girls did it
     you've seen enough of me on that damn boat lol stealin my bikini n shit. Lil fucker
     this sounds like some shit I need to be a part of
 Nap time
 Now ya supa soakin
 And then I need some frozen yogurt with fruit and fruity pebbles in my life
 I need  in my life
  amazing song<3
 Lol 
 "I'm bored off my nuts"- Christian's mom
 Ice cream
 I really should be working tonight
 Anyone else wanna unfollow me?? I'll putcha ass on blast lol
 Also unfollowed 
 Just unfollowed 
 S/o to  for unfollowing me
 I better go lay by this here pool
 I need a nap
 Making good decisions
  why thank you;)
  yes maam
 Who wears short shorts!? I DO!! all up in my bootay
 Ahsddxrgek drhklheu rufhhjdhhj BLAH
 I may or may not pass out
 BLAH RT   you looking sexayyyyyyyyyyyyyyy can I get cho numba guuurl keep that white shit on to work it
 Aaaaahhhhhh I'm freaking the fuck OUT!!
 Hearts are racing....
 Doing weird shit today
 Dun dun DUN
 RT   doesn't like it when people are all up in their BUSINESS! If we want you to know we'll tell you! Back up!
 RT  Unlike other zodiac signs,  are very difficult to figure out.
 RT   feeling troubled are impossible to read. When stress hits they'll seem a million miles away from loved ones
  I'm eating fruit n yogurt watching cartoons:)
 You can be the hero who saves the day if you are willing to mo... More for Scorpio 
 I wanna get in, can I get down
 Shawty get doowwnn
 WHOA!! My heart just dropped!!!! R. Kelly n Snoop have a song over  's lap dance beat n I got all excited for no reason. Wah.
 Its gotta be the best love song she's ever heard in her life
 I love rain, but I don't think its necessary for it to rain right now
 I have a taste for some pesto cavatapi with parmesan and feta cheese
 Bet $100 that my mom is playing angry birds when I walk in
 I gotta stop being lazy n get ready for work
  sad. Justin Bieber is amazing.
 Neighbor boy is sittin on his deck with his guitar singing 
  we already have one planned:)
  of course, that's how you found me on here:)
 I'll burn ya like perms do
 Knock em off....like fake purses
 I fuck her friend then I pass her to 
 When chillin at a stoplight, I always turn my music down, and roll down my windows to see what others are listening to
 RT  You just got to put those people through those tests... to see if they're worth the risk 
 I'm wearing men's cologne cuz I smell like burnt fruit peels from being in the sun all day and it was bothering me
 RT  Vote 4 "Far Away" Video On 106 & Park Text TYG to 79922
  k after my ice cream
  come to Minnesota soon:)
  well just kidding then lol I spoke to this guy Ray who's a part of the tour n he's like ceo of some shit
  the way he speaks intrigues me, and those light brown eyes WHOO!! Lol is Ray his manager??
 Just like  says, I have a strange obsession with  and seeing him on  just made me die a little inside
  it was yesterday nigga
  strange it is lol I need him to be in my life!! & I'm gonna need to buy those pics off you;) if u ... 
 RT  Tune to  
 just got out of the pool, and if you know me you know that just made history cuz I don't do swimming.
 Laying by the pool, sippin these drinks, n bangin this  
  pretty good thank you
 Good moorniinnggg
 Bedtime. Na night XoXo
 Sometimes when you dive into an emotional situation, you do so... More for Scorpio 
  thank you hun XoXo
   you two are great!! I'm just upset that after all these years ppl are still worried about what I'm doin. Smh.
 I don't deserve this....
 A girl can only take so much before she snaps
 That someone is me, they better hope I don't find out who they are RT    Oh no...someones gonna slap a bitch~
 The rage is building....
 Don't get punched
 Brainstorming
 Why you broke boy??
  I shall be successful soon<3
  I really appreciate you for that, you understand my goals and what I need to do to get there
  LMAOOO!! That was amazing.
 Just wanna thank  for being one of the only friends who doesn't make me feel bad for not being able to chill, she's knows the deal
 I need a chocolate chip cookie
 RT  Your chipped fingernail polish told me your apartment is a fucking mess.
   that  signed my boob and not yours. XoXo
  that  signed my boob and not yours
 Becoming jaded
 I don't even know what to do with myself right now
 Pacing....
  you're beautiful<3
 Pretty sure  just pushed that red button on me. Mo focky.
 The addiction begins....XoXo
 The Moon's shift into your 8th House of Deep Sharing today giv... More for Scorpio 
 Thanks to  and  , I'm not gonna be able to sleep well....WHO wants to come over??
 "Oh you so pahfec"- China man
  watch he'll prolly be doin your moves the rest of his tour!! And uh....yes I definitely got kicked in the eyebrow lmao!!
  lol I wish I would have videotaped that
 I am so out of my element this evening. Threw my hair up, no make up, no jewelry, no nothin.
  glad I'm not the only one
  how is it??
 Anyone else drive with the a/c on n the window cracked?? I have to.
 Fell asleep. Woke up with ideas
  idk
   yea its amazing. But sometimes I hate it. Depends on my mood of the week lol
 My ass cheeks are sore
 Holy shit where did the time go!? No time for a nap....dammit
  yyyaaayyyy
 Organizing
 RT  Theres something you want to be?.......work dumb hard and be that shit!
 Ugh my phone keeps saying I don't have service!!
 Go into to target for 2 things, walk out with 7
 Um wtf why is it cold out??
 Your friend or partner may act so stubbornly today that you lo... More for Scorpio 
  well what the hell
 My left eyebrow always look way better than my right one. WTF
  thanks. I felt like I was lookin pretty hot too. Lol
 If you're gonna kiss my hand, don't leave saliva res on it, thanks.
 If only you knew what just happened.... bahahahahahhaaha
 Shots at work. Cuz I do what I want.
 I have got to get outta here
 Oh LAWD
 Round 2 at the vending machine
  I'm about to go IN on twitter tryna get you to follow me!!
  aahhh I can hardly handle you<3
 Me n  :) XoXo 
  Minnesota loves you more, and I love you more than Minnesota!! Follow meee!!
 Rain rain dollar bills in my dreams
 Beware of the man in the khaki cargo shorts
 Obsessions
 RT   may be calm on the face but inside they rage.
 I mean you make me nasty
 My manager is very persistent at calling me
 Shower time.
 My mother and I are beasts at moving furniture
 All I care about is money and the city that I'm from, my intention is that paper I don't need no fuckin love
 RT  the calm..
 tryna upload my pic with  n the file size is too big, shits pissin me off
 Rack rack city bitch
 Craving a turkey burger
 I need to get my ass up
 What are you eating??
  idk if I actually met u, I'm the 1 who brought everyone's food on the bus lol but keep doin your thing girl you're damn good at it!
  you my dear, have a wonderful show in the chi tonight!! Oh n tell  I'm sad that he didn't follow me like he said he would:( Xo
 RT  RT  When Tommy from the Rugrats takes out his screwdriver, you know shits about to go down.
  when did you get a twitter girl??
 Olive Garden is probably the answer
 Uh oohhh. Someone is crabby again....just snapped:-/
  have a wonderful show baby boy!! XoXo
 Tappin out XoXo
 It's tricky if someone assumes that you will always drop your ... More for Scorpio 
  I need a nap
 I can't feel my face....what am I smokin anyway??
 Dependin on how you mix that shit
  I don't even know what they said yet, they just been blowin it up
  it was pretty amazing I have to admit, I woulda been up there doin the sprinkler, spittin on eerrbody
 Just to see you hump the air RT   heard I was gonna be at epic so she was right up front lol
 Liquor is kickin in. I'm ready
 I make her drop it low, like she duckin from me
 RT   Took a whole lotta trying just to get up that hill...
 There we ggooo!! RT   fish don't fry in the kitchen..
 Beans don't burn on the ggrriiilllll
 Humans are absolutely stressful
  smh
 Someone is goin in on my formspring, which I'm never on by the way....but now I'm curious
  somethin like that lol please tell me you're workin tonight?? I'm in a bad mood n the last thing I need is Nate fuckin shit up
 I do weird shit in the mirror
 Lol RT   is highly sexual but often only in a committed relationship. They are not sluts.
 Lol I got the viagra link RT  So my shit got hacked. To everyone who got.... Got,  I'm sorry.
 Got a drink on my mind and my mind on my money
 K, naps over. I'm done being crabby.
  girl I just had a ridiculous mood swing
 eww I'm crabby as fuck
  hey doll, I seen you up there workin that stage last night:)
 I'm sad about this  
  you're supposed to be following me Mr. You need me to twitpic my boobs again?? Lol
  it gets a little overwhelming
 Just so everyone knows, if u message me on facebook saying ur tryna "get to know me" and ur not talkin business, I probably won't respond
 Don't be a creep
 Tank top, no bra, no make up, grocery shopping with  's signature smeared across my chest.... Everyone's jealous. I just know it.
 I can't handle the grocery store right now
  lmao I was definitely lovin the moves, where can I learn those??
  u didn't follow me like u said:( I carried all ur food to your bus n everything!!....I'm gonna pretend to be mad at you til u follow<3
  lol he sure was!!
  nope, that's fucked up
  he was havin too much fun up there lol
  Chi
  lol its all good, the show was AMAZING!! Tempted to creep around n go to another one elsewhere
  is that you unfollowing me?? Lol
 Deciding what cool shit to get into today
 I am a hot ass mess right now, hair nappy as shit, permanent marker smeared all over me, scrapes n bruises from last night....smh. Worth it.
  why thank you:)
 Wondering why the hell I'm awake, went to bed at 5 was up at 10. Since when does this happen?? Everyone knows I sleep til 1
  XoXo
  lol I can't write for shit!! Prolly just stick with the modeling
  lol its aaallllll good, you can just put me in one of his videos to make it up to me;) 
  yes, amazing. Made me wanna be a rapper for sure
  you and your dance moves lol 
  posted 
 Yessir, I was front & center, we were making faces at each other:) RT  Oh yea? “  I see yoouu”
 Bangin ass headache, can't fall back asleep:-/
 wound up.
  fuckin A!! So pissed I live in MN
 You really aren't in the mood to deal with someone else's emot... More for Scorpio 
 RT  RT  The streets fuck with us everywhere we go...
 Yo  put on the best fuckin show!!!!!!!!!! UH-MAY-ZING!! Thank you for a wonderful night Michael<3 I'll never forget this night XoXo
 Got my boobs signed by  <3 you're amazing baby boy, safe travels n come back soon XoXo 
 I just wet my panties
  bring yo aaassssss ON
 Yup, and its all for  lol RT   is about to start throwing elbows!!!!
  welcome:)
 Already did, I booty bumped the shit outta eerrrbody behind me!! RT   lol spaz out then.
 Omg girl how are your LEGS that sweaty!?!?
 Lmao thank you for rubbing that in!!  RT   blaaahahahaha , that just sucks! Glad I'm not you!!!!
  lol its all good babe you were doin your thing, you're amazing, keep it up!! XoXo
  I ssseeeeee yyoouuu
 This bitch's sweat just dripped on me and I'm about to spaz
 Just got kicked in the face by  n I know  saw it lol
 Dear  , I'm front and center sweating my life away aaallll for you
 I find it weird that dudes feel the need to be front and center as well
 I'm front and center bitches
 I dislike when humans follow me around thinking they can come backstage with me
  you love it
 You already know.... On the way to  to see  <3 
 Make up
 Don't be surprised if I'm bisexual by the end of the night.... You can blame 
  thank you :)
 My nails for  tonight 
 Considering a bar....but then again....this, I would like to remember
 I'm not sure on which order I should prepare myself for tonight
  doors open at 10 correct??
 Well if you know, then let me know....we don't gotta be running in these circles....
 I better start preparing myself for  tonight:)
  got mine before they went on sale;) I've been waiting FOREVER for this night!! XoXo
 Don't be surprised....
  I need to get in there, I'm getting fat
 You won't likely sit around doing nothing today with the irrep... More for Scorpio 
 You're being creepy and weird sir. Stop that.
 RT  independent .. we do what we wanna.. xo
 You woulda thought I needed help from this feeling that I felt
   BARF
  Dale just said "I bet she'd break your dick Joel!!" Bahahaha special
  um, who are you?? SIR, Play!?
 I'm ready to be bad
 Douchebags be warned, I'm not taking any shit tonight
 I swear I've been in my car all day
 Shower tiiime
  um, wtf, I'm pretty sure you only need 2 to be working..sorry to inform you but you more than likely just got played by a pig
  its cuz you drive like you're 2 fast n 2 fuckin furious
  nope, put em on blast
 My nap is over
 2 hrs of sleep. Feelin feisty.
 RT  I show 'em how to move in a room full of vultures.
 Fuck it I popped one....
 Bedtime. Up in 2 1/2 hours. Sweet dreams, say your prayers, na night world XoXo
 You might be in for a surprise today as the fiery Aries Moon-U... More for Scorpio 
  I'm in there like swim wear. I'm gonna need Thursday to hurry the eff UP!!
 Sir, the scent your mouth is giving off smells like sweaty latex gloves. Fix it, or move around.
 It ain't no fun if the homies can't have none
   I hope you sing the song when ordering, end it with a loud "GIVE ME THAT FISH!!" With a serious face
 I'm tryna grip that ass
 She said don't let the high go to waste
  I love it
  its worth it:)
  at that moment it wasn't lol
 Got chu back boo:) Xo RT  NowFollowing  :)
 Thank you baby XoXo RT  Que linda RT  Hi:) 
  that game is too fun!! But I have a blackberry
 Hi:) 
 My mom is ridiculously addicted to angry birds
 I need some ice cream NOW
 All done. Target. Mommy's for dinner. Then Work. 
 Uptown bound to get this big ass hurr did
  effin AMAZING
  I absolutely love your tweets
 Good afternoon:)
 RT  I lose interest fast.
 I need to go to bed its been a long day, sweet dreams world, don't forget to say your prayers.... Na night XoXo
 A creative stream of images floods into your awareness now, bu... More for Scorpio 
 RT   u luv trance music and coco's juice
  shit just at work
 Drippiinnn
  sweet dreams angel, by the way, you're genius, rubbing alcohol did wonders:) thank you XoXo
 I could vomit soon I'm pretty sure
 I'm like ooh wee baby
 Same shit different day
  Tyga<3
  YUP<3 
 Take em off, wanna feel your skin
 Oh traffic, how I hate you so
 That I am:) RT  I know it's crazy for MN weather but I bet  is loving this
 That aint my baby!! Yous a hoe 
  I'm about to have one in 3.2 minutes:)
  no, I wish!! Aquaphor just makes amazing chapstick
 Fffuuuuuccckkk I forgot to get Aquaphor 
  shits annoying
 My amazing psychic skills are telling me that the man at the post office is a low key creep
 Just spent $50 at walgreens. SMH. Necessities are a bitch sometimes
 This weather?? Yea....I love it.
 Almost sweating
