   yes!  so, so, so excited.  seriously!  i need to get my plane stuff taken care of.  can't wait!  :) 
  love, LOVE the headshots, Elise!  I'm relaunching in late September thanks to your class!  xo.
  totally acceptable in that situation. :) can't wait to see you in oct!!
 RT  Life's real failure is when you do not realize how close you were to success when you gave up. -Thomas Edison
  would love an invite :)
  it is, isn't it?  makes me wonder where we went wrong.
  oh yes, that makes a lot of sense!  it seems so different for each kid.  twig1 and twig2 were completely different stories!
 do we really think so little of children?  
  did you guys go with sitting or standing?  :)
 i absolutely cannot wait!  off to preorder!  RT 
 do you need an analog moment?  
  aren't they hilarious?!
  got it at Old Navy for Halloween a couple years ago.  :)  They have the BEST Halloween costumes.
 feeling particularly attune to times swift passing today.
 Super Chicken and his sidekick 
 have you ever had a hard time bonding with your baby?  
  i didn't!  could you help??  that would be AMAZING!
  water?
  hilarious.  mmmm, i want a toffee nut cookie, batman.
 Twig1 with his blankie pretending to be a turtle. Oh boy! 
 anyone know the CSS to make margins on outside of template smaller in typepad?
  i am slowly but surely getting back to feeling good.  thanks for being so understanding. our dinner was on my WORST day by far.
 making our shopping list for vacation.  love going to the lake with a huge group of family!!  :)  so many littles and so much fun!
 have you ever struggled to bond with one of your kids?  
  how did your open house go last night?  was rooting for you from a distance.  :)  trying to balance too many plates right now.
 Wearing the boys out in the pool. Perfect weather.  
  so exciting!  :)  probably a little like you felt when your pup learned how to potty where he is supposed to!!  :)
  yes!  love love love only having teeny baby diapers right now!  :)
 how i got closure:  
 Twig2 is officially potty trained. Praise the Lord! 2/3 of the way through our life in diapers. Just Twig3 left & we'll give him awhile. ;)
  painting 101 :)
 RT  Visited St. V NICU to say thanks. Rejoice in answered prayer! Closure. 
  thank you!  i am feeling so much better.  thank goodness.  surprising how awful one can feel sometimes!  xo.
 postpartum depression and anxiety: 
 Baby Asher's 2m well check. 10 1/2 lbs. :) 
  just wanted to tell you, your hair is darling.  love your bangs.  :)  that's all.  happy wednesday!
  that might be the most precious thing ever.
  when do you wanna chat lady?  :)
  can do tomorrow night or next week if that works better for you!
  hopefully so! Have many people to thank!! :)
  Tom or wed evening? During day is hard bc of little people. :)
  doing the same-ish process right now. It is maddening to try to narrow the wedge of ideas. Good luck!!
  we were there for 3 weeks with Asher...such WONDERFUL nurses and doctors.
  would LOVE to chat...do you like gchat or skype or what?
   were your littles in the St. V's NICU after they were born?
  I have a Noah and an Asher.  :)  And a Cooper, but that doesn't fit with your name.  :) :)
  I am stepping into the realm of sponsorship here soon and am nervous!
 did you get rid of cable?  share your solutions over here:  
 I agree!!  RT  ...I would pee myself if I was  and had to face penalty kicks.
  *argh
  totally frustrating. Arch.
 Goal!!!!!!! 
   pick a day between yourselves and I'll cook. :)
  thank you for your sweet gift!!!  Expect an email soon. Xo
 Twig3 catchin some Z's, Twig2 catchin a flick, and mama catchin a break...love the mini parked in the driveway!! 
 We're at Starbucks but Coop is always a blur. :) 
 sneak preview of newest short film on Haiti "The Country Club":  
 Afternoon snack for baby brother 
  aaaaamaZimg!!!  Spain!  Ooph!!  :)
  it's so good!!  You'll get a ton out of it!  xo.
 A Midwest summer. Gotta love being landlocked. :) 
  friend...i can't wait to see you!
  would love to get together with you and matt soon.  life has been full of crazy.  some good, some...not as good.  :)
 "He loves me beyond worthiness and unworthiness, beyond fidelity and infidelity..."  
  my middle is a joy and a love, too.  :)
 tips for picking outfits for family portraits:  
 Fourth of July sugar rush for the cousins.  
 RT  Tomorrow is always more important than yesterday.
 RT  When we teach people to go to one place to find God, we imply that he is not everywhere; that he is not with us at a ...
 So many legos.  
  i'm getting shots done on tuesday and will be switching my avatar for everything in one fell swoop.  :)  noooooot preggo!
 At  with the little bros... 
 RT  There is a huge difference between making a living and making a life.
 The pinterest app is kind of annoying. Anyone else think so or have you found a better way to utilize it than me?
  I liked relish as a meal planning service, too. Www.Relishrelish.com
  makes sense to me :)
  thanks lady!! That grimace cracks me up. He's not a super smiley baby...always looks very suspicious of the world around him. :)
 RT  Leaders: you can use your power to empower and liberate to serve others,  or overpower and dominate to serve self.
 Appt Cancellations = a hot morning Starbucks date with  and mr Asher!
  he's getting so big!!  The older boys are at the gp's so we have the morning to ourselves :)
 Someone's happy to be out and about so early 
 hey  hey  what do you think about this:  
  megan.  i'm having issues with my hair color.  it's orange again.  i didn't touch it, i promise.
 kind of scheming about how to make these galvanized steel countertop slipcovers happen, BRILLIANT!  
  yes.  booooo.
  great tips!  thanks, lady!
  how do i tell the difference between oil based spray paint and latex?
    thanks for the suggestions!!  :)  i'm not really looking forward to this project...but alas, it shall be done!
 designers and DIYers:  painting wicker outdoor furniture...what's the best paint to use?  please advise...  :)  thanks!
  what is NOT to love about a bagel sandwich??  i think it's his lucky day!  ;)
 have you done  before?  this girl (me) is doing it and LOVING it.    
   i know!  isn't it beautiful!!!!
    love to be included!  thank you!
   yes, that works for me!  yay!
  you've got mail, love!
  i am in a family of boys, too.  :)  2 brother, 3 boys of my own.  and of course, dad, grandpas, and Husband.  :)  
 RT  You can make a religion out of anything. Seeking more manna and less rules.
 pinterest...    oh, it's wonderful, isn't it?!?
 good one for college students in dorms.  no refrigerated ingredients required...voila a cake!  
  good work, girl!!
 well,  ummmm...this:    so scary and sad that we have working conditions like this!
 conquering big ideas and small tasks today. making sure to be mindful of the small people in my care and the big impact i have on them.
   i can't do this wednesday.  :(  does next thursday work at all for you guys?
 what you can do with cake mix and a can of pop:  
   i'm on week 3- day 1.  ooph!
  it was exorbitantly expensive to finish in NC...so when we moved back to IN i got right on finishing up!  :)  feels good!
  i'll be done in december.  was almost done with school when we got married, then we moved cross country/had a baby, etc.  ;)
  that gives me goosebumps.  thanks for sharing that, it encourages me!
  i am finishing up my bachelors.  intl relations right now.  :)
  oh! i would NOT do housework, do not worry.  :)  homework though, it must be done.  intl relations waits for no woman.  ha!
  oh that is SO GOOD.  thanks for sharing it!
  i WAS the kid that sought out peace in other kid's homes.  i was the "adopted daughter", and i am SO thankful for that respite.
 I do NOT want to be doing homework on a saturday night.  oooph.
  just your taste!
  i had to stop each time because i lost too much weight, too. had to throw out a bunch once. that was a sad day! oh, pumping.
  i'm on the NE side, too!   and i are trying to get together soon.  wanna come?  :)
   i exclusively pump with all my boys...and it is a pain, but i'm thankful to be able to do it.
 doing  tonight.  so thankful petit chou is open for dinner, and honestly the staff there is absolutely amazing!
  oh yes.  showers and baths are great late afternoon entertainment.  ooooph.  boys!
  i don't have a minivan to spare...but i LOVE mine.  so so so love it.
  my husband went to an indoor racing experience thingy.  another friend did a wknd at a friend's lakehouse.
  love the newborn curliness.  :)  they just keep wanting to curl up, no matter what!  
  i WISH books cost 1 cent!  i would be a very happy camper.
  ditto.  and my boys are being wild.  awesome.
 basking in the adventure of giving life.  7 weeks on Tiny Twig 
 my oldest just pistol whipped my 2 year old in the face with a nerf gun.  awesome.  and 3 seconds later, they are BFF again.  
 RT  Emerson is the girl crush of the internet :) cc 
  limb" part seemed like a good addition.  :)  the idea, hmm, that stemmed out of a need to not be a "normal" suburban mom.  :)
  tiny twig is a name i've kicked around for a business for about 8 years...and then when i was starting my blog the "goes out on
 holy cow.  my kids are crazy today.  lots of fighting.  lots of whining.
  yes!  you, my friend, now have a license to drool and whine and sleep all day.  in other words, act like a baby.
 you on Pinterest?  leave your link in the comments so others can follow you!  need an invite?  email me!  Tiny Twig: 
  oh!  what store do you stock at?  p.s.--next wednesday?  petit chou?
 the one where i compare my children.  newborn portraits on Tiny Twig: 
   oh my word.  there's my celebrity crush dream, right there.
  read to josiah while nursing lucia?
   i've wondered that, too.
  oh no!  i want to give your sweaty self a hug!
   i'm butting in.  i'm an ENFP, too!  :)
     shut up.  jealous.  argh.
 annnnnnnnd, she's back!  Tiny Twig: Back from Maternity Leave (ie, what I've been up to)  
  i think i might.  :)  was it worth it?  i think you said it was...
  i think it's 7.5%
  that's my world.  i let clean laundry pile up for so long.  whhhhyyyyyy?
  my husband is doing a good job of teaching the boys that they have to do the hard and heavy work.  :)  yay!  
  my husband is doing a good job of teaching the boys that they have to do the hard and heavy work.  :)  yay!  
  we had that problem...had to take the front door off.  also, couch wouldn't fit up the stairs...had to get a new couch.  ooooph.
  hey, lady!  what is the antique mall in kokomo, indiana you went to called??
  crazy, right?!  she and i were pregnant at the same time and i just sat in awe.  :)
  ugh.  charleston always just feels SO.DARN.HOT.  hope you are having a GREAT time.
  i know, right??  :)
  i KNOW!  i absolutely cannot believe it.  we were pregnant at the same time (due just weeks apart) and i was always amazed!
 SUCH good information about sunscreen for this summer from the wife of a skin cancer survivor:  
  isn't that crazy-pants?!  i am in awe of you women who have carried so.much.life.  :)
 My friend just had twins!  Went 39 weeks and they each weighed more than 8lbs!  Holy Baby Batman!
  completely jealous, girl.
  good motivation, lady!!!
  she is seriously darling.
  can't wait to see you in October.  seriously.  counting down the days!!
 1.  I'd love to see Rory McIlroy win.  2.  My boys are being out of control today.  3.  It is time for lunch.  4.  I need more caffeine.
 excited to have the fun & super productive Miss  on Tiny Twig today.  Top Secrets: How to Get Things Done  
  that sounds scarily familiar with Asher.  :(
    look at you, lady!  thanks for keeping up with me.  :)  you're darling!
   LOVE the new design...was wondering who did it.  looks amazing!
  hey, it's a gift to them!  who cares if you get some benefit out of the arrangement.  :)  enjoy!!
  ahhhh, next summer i'm getting a new one.  love mine still...but nothing like a brand new one!!
 RT  I wish people would pin the permalink URL, not the whole site URL.  
   i TOTALLY agree!
  went running instead of eating out.  ha!  hope your fam is doing ok.  i'll be praying for them (and you!).
  i just wash them in cold water with detergent and sometimes bleach.  never have given me a problem.  wash them every week.
  i wash mine, but mine are the white canvas.
 It requires bravery to be a woman. There's much love, much heartache…swelling & yielding to the rhythm of life. 
  we still on for  tonight?
 It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan. --eleanor eoosevelt
 gosh,  has a way with words.  :)  
  but, we're making it work and i know it will be rewarding when i'm done. just enjoying little man's newness and relishing that!
  i don't know how i am doing it either to be honest. this is an incredibly full season of life with little margin. not my fave..
  oh good.  working on a paper for my International Relations class...and am over it. want to watch a movie w/ Husband instead.
 hey Internet, would you be so horribly offended if we stopped capitalizing your name?  please and thank you.
 new rule in this house of boys: if you are acting like an animal...go outside and be with the animals.  too much rowdy in the house.
 this is what's for dinner: pasta with peas--a Giuliano Hazan recipe:  
  neither do i...so strange.
 RT  metaphor check: women don't need to have "balls" to get stuff done. we have moxie, heart, ovaries. they work. reall ...
   andrea had such well thought out ideas, didn't she??  she's a pro.  :)  xo.
 hey  you don't have to pin every photograph from your entire magazine archives. 
  LOVE my in-laws!  :)
 is your partner a student?  top secrets on Tiny Twig: how to survive and thrive with a student husband.  
  a. hope your mtg went well (curious!)!  b. awesome compliment about your outfit. c. i think you're darling. d. that's all.
  my husband thinks i'm a digital hoarder bc of all the tabs i keep open. when you figure out a good system, let me know!
  do you get all sweaty from them? i probably just need to suck it up and get some big ones...i don't really like earbuds anyway!
  i pinned your cherry almond dessert and it's been repinned a billion times.  :)  wanted to let you know!!  
  that's perfectly normal, kim.  
 Top Secret: How to Get a Good Haircut/Color   Any hairstylists care to weigh in??
 anyone have any suggestions of earbuds that don't fall out while running?  the apple ones just don't work for me.  :(
  could we do 6:30?  that would be easier for my hubs to get home and me get there.  it's delicious...so delicious.  :)
  dinner.  thursday.  petit chou, clay terrace.  what time?
  the one at clay terrace is open for dinner...the carmel is only open til lunch.  depends on when you wanna go, etc.  :)
  what the what?  you're doing a conference?!  you are a media mogul.
  we have that issue, too.  it's so frustrating!
  yes.  insane, lady.  :)
  yes,  does just fit right in. he is unfazed by the crazy!! i think twigs1&2 need some quality mom time and they'll be good!
  asher is great! growing, sleeping, being cute. all things he should be doing! twigs1&2 are adjusting. they miss momma, i think!
  yes, they do.  amen.  amen.
  i can make just about any time work.  asher is great...just like a normal little baby.  :) we are SO thankful!  he's beautiful.
  good morning, friend!  would love to get together sometime soon?  maybe at   ??
  hypochondriac :)
 start an art collection:  
 RT  Nothing ...proves a man's ability to lead others, as what he does from day to day to lead himself. -Thomas J. Watson
 anyone know of a source to a similar shirt?  dying for one.  
  lucia is a beauty...but my ovaries are out of commission for awhile (ever??).  :)
  of course, a beauty!  congratulations!!!
  do you ever do any workshops in indy?
  oh!  yours got there before mine did!!  and you like it?  great...can't wait to get mine now!
  i miss your face
  oh...no amazement! just need some room for some head space and it seems running is the only way i can get it in this house! :)
  maybe i'll wait to see if it goes on sale. online reviews said it fits kinda weird.  thanks for the thoughts my anthro expert!
  do you feel like you're getting better as the weeks go on?
  p.s.--today's  was harder than i was expecting! my former cross country running self is laughing at my current self!
  sounds like my kinda music.  ;)  my house is a constant concert hall. 
  good news!  glad to hear all is well.  :)
  and, i know it's okay that i'm out of shape! it's not a weight loss thing...it's a sanity thing. :)
  a month ago.  yipes.  i'm outta shape! i just need some alone time with my thoughts and it's a lot of walking at first! :)
 and i'm off...starting couch to 5k tonight.  i need some alone time, even if that means running.  :)
  anthro question--is this cute in real life?  i kind of love the cut.  prob going to head there tom.  
 rompers=adult onesie??
  i'm not sure how the fashion statement would look in reality...but in my head...i look hot.  ;)
  i know, rompers, right??
  thanks for that.  you're inspiring and godly yourself, my love.
 sweet words, ms.    godly women       
 i want to wear rompers all summer.  i don't own one.  but, i wish i did.
 top secrets: how to cultivate creative relationships   gives us her take on Tiny Twig
   i've been avoiding it, too.  that's why i asked miss nish to shed some light! :) you're in good company!!
 RT  What we are meant to do is so natural to us that we often don't recognize it as valuable. (via tamaralackey and lizs ...
 RT  Authentic community (from Phil 1): we should have each other in mind, (v. 3), hearts (v. 7-8), and prayers (v. 4, 9-11).
 RT  Great leadrs r self aware.Honest in self-appraisal.Many leadrs struggle bc they fail 2 accurately define personal realities.
 today on The Tiny Twig  shares her top secrets: how to read the news  this one is GOOD!
  yay!  if you need a house after that year...we have a lovely house near lake norman available come july 2012.  :)
  we got a huge one (like almost semi-size) and never stopped.  we moved from charlotte to indy.  rented with u-haul.
 maternity leave: my favorite beauty products...  
 RT  You are the only God ever seen or heard of who works miracles for his followers. —Isaiah 64:4
 we chose the un-sexy house upgrade this year...windows.  wahoo.  being installed today.  
 Asher's newborn portrait:  
  so so so excited for you and miss nora!  sorry for just now telling you that!  xo.
  why are you in the hospital!?
 TOP SECRETS: how to keep your family's memories  
  so thrilled for you, friend!!!
  i'm so sorry.  no other words needed.  it does suck.  hoping your little family is well and together again soon.
  it is so good.  you should definitely make it.  so easy, too!
  it is SO SO good.  it is completely gone after our BBQ...no leftovers.  :(  will make again sooooon!
  a pint of blueberries, a spoonful of sugar and a spoonful of water...cook down until the consistency you like.  :)
 here's the recipe: 
 making sugar cream cake with warm blueberry sauce and whipped cream.  yum.  seriously.
  thinking of you today...what a rough time you guys are having.  :(  hang in there, momma.
  thought i already did follow you!!!!
  they are darling, if i do say so myself.  ;)  i'm happy, too!  couldn't have turned out better...
  you MUST be on pinterest.  want me to send you an invite?  send me your email in a DM and i'll shoot you one over.
  doing great now. came home on Monday. had pneumonia at birth...couldn't localize infection, turned to sepsis, went into shock.
  i know it's so hard--especially when it's hard to get the issue under control.  will be thinking of you and praying for you all.
  just thinking of you today.  my  just spent about 3 weeks in the NICU after going into septic shock the day he was born.
    yes, of course!
  do it!  love your soapboxes.
 is it possible to love 3 boys so much you just pop?? 
    stop the tease.  stop it now.
  yes, very worth it.  and those nurses are little earth angels.  thankful for modern medicine!!
  oh, i don't know how you managed for 3 months.  i thought almost 3 weeks was awful.  those BEEPS, those ALARMS.  :(
  babyman is a good one.  coop has always been cooperman and now asher has been "asherman".   why do i have long nicknames??
  i need to make it down there sometime this summer.  want to finally go to tobacco barn and just hang out in CLT for awhile. :)
  oh, he's darling.  and so well.  gaining weight, looking pink, breathing well.  alive.  all good things.  :)  MISS you.
   mine aren't quite as close together as you superheroes...but can i join the club?!  :)
 Noah to Cooper "I still love you even when you have a bad day".
  they ARE darling.  alien darlings!
  i know, right!  MK&A--they are like alien-cute fashion plates.  are you on pinterest?
  haven't really had time to stop and think about anything.  feeling great physically, but know the emotions will eventually hit.
  all is well here in the Twig House. big boys got to take a trip to the lego store today to celebrate Asher & being big bros. :)
 pinterest loves mary-kate and ashley.  
  you CAN do it, you wild woman!  :)
  oh my word. jessi. too funny.
  i can send you an invite
  :) that would be wonderful.
 praying for those affected by these crazy spring storms.  twitter feed is awash with people taking shelter.
 oh my gosh, i just forgot for a second that i have a 3rd child.  good thing he's safe in the bouncy seat a few feet away!!  :)
  it's about 33% more work to have 3 rather than 2.  that's my initial reaction. :) i know it will only get crazier!!  xo.
  little boys are just the most wonderful things ever!  nothing to fear.  :)  you'd do great!!
  i love greek's more than life itself.  i worked there when it first opened in fishers when i was 15.  :)
  still praying for peace for you, kristen.  xo.
  there are so many things i never thought i'd do or say bc i have boys.  all about monster trucks, race cars, baseball...
  agreed!
  :) i couldn't even believe it!
  isn't that just an overload of excitement?!  toooo exciting!
  it's crazy how silly excited i was when i found out.  it was such a precious moment for me.
  SO excited!  :)  p.s.--email coming your way when i sit down and take a breath. thanks for being awesome!
  i am totally enjoying my newest little love.  he is just absolutely precious.
  :) totally awesome!  i couldn't believe it!!
  thanks for being excited with us!  it was SUCH a great great end to a hard time.  :)
  oh snuggles abound! i don't want to share. :)
  thanks for being excited with us, jenni!  :)  soon and very soon we NEED to get together!
  he is SO home!  :)  so so so excited!
  it is SO wonderful!  :)  he is currently flirting up a storm and keeping me awake when we BOTH should sleep.  :) :)
  alece!  you have NO idea how silly excited i was/am.  :)
  still praying for YOU friend.  but thanks for being excited with us!!
  thanks, michelle!  :)  yes, Praise Jesus indeed!!
  thanks, friend!!!  i was cheering and skipping around the house with a big doofus-y grin!  :)
  VERY exciting!  :)
  thanks, friend!  we're just so relieved and so thankful.
  YES!  we got to take him home and everything!  felt like i was stealing him.  :)  such a weird feeling!
  agreed!!!!  :)
  i concur.  :)
  it is so sweet.  :)
  thank you!!  :)  completely answered prayers.  praise the Lord.
  thanks, friend! we are just so relieved and thrilled. it was NOT what i was expecting today!
  thank you!  thank you!!  :)  so excited!
   am thankful things worked out beautifully and mourning knowing there are those who don't get a good outcome.
  it IS amazing!  little dude is amazing, too. he is a first rate flirt.  ;)
  SUCH a wonderful surprise!  we are totally excited and totally breathing a HUGE sigh of relief.
  thanks, friend!!  i am currently awake with a little love right now.  there are certainly worse reasons to see 4am!!  :)
  thank you!!  it truly is probably the biggest praise of my life. even the peace we experienced was from God.  :)
  agreed!  He is SO faithful.  it was such a sweet moment when my boys met for the first time.  :)
  thank you, thank you, thank you for your continued prayers.  i am thrilled he is home. he is currently making eyes at me. :)
  unnecessary preciousness.  absolutely.  beautifully unnecessary for this hormonal and happy and blissed out baby momma.  :)
 RT  Have you seen the new BEAUTIFUL layout of our blog? Thanks so much to  Check it out!  ...
 Asher Come Home!!  
  pretty sure you're supposed to get in a ditch or underpass. at least that's what we learned in storm safety in elem school.
  would be so interested in how you like  i am planning on starting it in about 3 weeks.
 it was a complete surprise and a totally unexpected joy today!  :)
 Guess who is going to pick up her littlest boy right now?!  I know, right?!  :) :) :) :) :) :)
 RT  i sure would appreciate it if you'd pray: 
  i will be praying for you and Nora.  and p.s.--you are NOT being dramatic.  praying, praying, praying.
 maybe coming home Wednesday??  
 Asher's MRI is "completely unremarkable"--best news ever!  praise the LORD!  :)
 no word on Asher's MRI until tomorrow.  this is one of those frustrating moments...ergh.
 no news on the MRI yet.  wondering why, but we'll be calling the Dr. if we don't hear soon.
 i honestly don't get this whole rapture thing.  is this all based on one dude's opinion??
 little dude is going in for his MRI right about now.  i'm praying, praying, praying.  ready for this hurdle to be jumped.
  i totally agree.  i love "the boys".
 i accidentally spelled lansinoh wrong (lansinoah)...so used to typing Noah!  :)  forgive me  ??
 totally impressed with  and their prompt and amazing customer service! pump stopped working, they are overnighting a new one!
 Asher's MRI was moved to Friday at 9am...pray for that with us?  
 totally impressed with  and their prompt and amazing customer service!  pump stopped working, they are overnighting a new one!
 RT  Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. -John Wooden
   get a room.  :)
   because it's pure awesome.  
  thank you so much for putting the word out about my little guy.  we feel the prayers.
 Asking and hoping for a clean MRI.  
 the ways i keep my mind straight...because it's all over the place these days.  
   thanks for putting out the word still to pray for our boy.  he has an MRI later this week...prayers for normal?
 ok. off to get ready and go see my baby boy. pray for improvements in his respiratory rate and that he is able to get his feeds in a bottle.
  gotchya!  i need to do that, i think.  they are just all over the place!  i feel like i'm going to puncture my foot!  :)
  ok, ordered the slubby one.  i'm on a decision making/getting things done roll today.  if i can't hold my baby...i can DO things!
   do you make them play with them in one place?  or...like...did you when they were preschoolers?  :)
  slubby one it is.  it's for the kitchen.  we have horrible 80s wallpaper and i don't want to strip it...so we shall cover it!  :)
  how do you keep them from over taking the house?
  we got a bunch given to us by our church who felt they were a choking hazard...but, now they are all over our house!
  this one?  
  quick: need opinion!  this grasscloth  OR...
   AND, any tips on corralling legos?  :)
   LOVED same kind of different as me.  heartbreaking but so so good.  and i miss BOTH of you.
 i think my wardrobe pinboard is starting to show a nice little cohesive style:  
  i email, blog, and tweet in my head a lot, too. can't wait to see you tomorrow. shall i bring you a treat from panera?
  I will be praying for you and yours.  Lots of grace, lots of peace, and some joy.  xo.
 Asher is slowly improving, Praise the Lord!  
  did you get my hair email woman?
  no, no.  if he's sleeping, he's comfy enough!  :)
 "We were so obsessed with our kids' success that parenting turned into a form of product development."  
  thank you so much for praying!  little dude is hanging in there.
  still breathing too fast...but they are just trying to let him rest and heal.
  yeah, it's probably your sensor.
 Asher needs to sloooooow down.  
 RT  We follow a God we can’t see, for a lifetime we can’t measure, promised a future we can’t fathom; God is love, not facts
  those are darling, friend!  good work!
  i totally agree.  our new TV has such a high refresh rate that it totally makes movies look cheesy and horrible.
 my 2 year old just yelled, "I LOVE Jesus...and dad."  
  thank you! could you pray specifically that his respiratory rate would slow dramatically and stay there today? he needs it!
  :) you can always text me a picture and i'll give a thumbs up or thumbs down on the matching-ness.  miss you, dude!
 yesterday at 10:19am, i was sitting next to my boy to celebrate his one week bday 
  thank you for praying!  pray that his resp rate would slow down--sounds like the poor boy is having a panic attack.  :(
  look at you just about to have that baby!  thank for praying for us.  xo.
  thank you for praying.  i am hoping to see some improvement tomorrow w/ breathing. his resp rate is just all over the place.
  thank you, friend, for praying.  sweet Asher man continues to improve...but needs to slooooooow down his breathing. xo.
 I do not like cream cheese.
 RT  Beware the "compassion" that is all bleeding heart and no backbone of truth. Coddling pity perpetuates victimhood.  ...
 momma needs a nap.  
 good morning!  some prayer requests, but he's doing remarkably well considering.  
  thanks, friend. would you pray specifically for the water weight (it went up again last night) and for his resp rate? thnks!
  reading your Glory updates primed my heart for this, i think.  thanks for going before me and praying beside me.
  thank you for your prayers.  xo.  i do feel at peace.  have had my moments of panic, but always come back to peace.
  so wonderful and SO GOOD.  thanks for thinking of us.  hope you are having a really encouraging and restful evening.
  thank you, thank you for your prayers.  Asher had a good day today.  :)  needs to slow his breathing, but he'll get there.
 Asher Update on Wednesday   THANK YOU for your prayers. my heart overflows.
  outloud in the only way i process.  poor Husband.  :)
  got my beautiful necklace!  so fast, so pretty...makes me feel more like Asher's momma.  :)  xo.
 got to hold my newest sweet baby boy!  it's a good, good day.
 Didn't ask to hold Asher ystrday bc felt like I would b breaking the rules.  Husband asked later--and he got to.  
 for the night owls.  so exhausted, headed to bed.  
  have you tried making it in the oven?  much less messy.
 i threw the boys' laundry in and heard a banging noise.  turns out there was a golf ball in a pocket.  
   agree with those yeses!  secret?  i may get to hold him today!  we'll seeeee...
  thanks for inspiring my prayers, friend.  and thank you for praying.  feeling a huge weight off my shoulders, for sure.
  me, too, friend!  me, too!  weirdly, my faith has been so encouraged during this time.
 good morning!  His mercies are indeed new.  Asher-Day 4 Update  
 looking around my house...i realize it's the first time it's really felt like home.  praise God.
