 I just unlocked the "Wino" badge on  
 I just unlocked the "Pepsi Summer Fun" badge on  
 I just unlocked the "Fresh Brew" badge on  
  why?
  Keep it going! Looking forward to the success of  Let's go!
 RT  Need $304 dollars to reach the 50% mark on funding for    . C'mon people, I want to go  ...
 " If labels don't help spotify succeed, the music industry is doomed." - Spotify also has to position the product better.
  lol. Depending on the hour that may be accurate.
  honestly haven't found the value of  beyond the newness. Twitter is most threatened because g+ lacks the tools to compete w/ fb
  sign up for Klout and see how we compare! 
 I just got one of the first US Spotify accounts because I have Klout!    Find out if you're eligible:  
 Looking forward to a quiet weekend to get some work completed and finish some things around the house. 
  sign up for Klout and see how we compare! 
  glad we could make it by. We'll be back. Thanks for the warm welcome!
 In the Kingdom of God. Elevation = Deeper. Sometimes we have to go down before we go up. 
  The best thing the enemy can do to defeat you is to isolate you. So we MUST seek help and strength in groups. via  
  Power comes through position AND understanding. Not just position. 
   briefly discussed how Christianity spread through Ethiopia by way of the queen. Acts 8: 26-31 and 34:39.
  YES! You should... Come on!  is my home but  is like grandma's house. You can always get a good meal.
   God's got a reverse GPS!
  by the Spirit via  
 Love the transparency at  The amount of detail is incredible.
  lol nevermind I see. How the brunch there?
  where's brunch? Always looking for a new spot!
  Hey!
 visiting with D.O.G. What up?   ( Impact Church [Brown Middle School] w/   
 New venue for our monthly, all church service ( Courageous East  Landmark Midtown Art Center) 
 I just unlocked the "Just Desserts" badge on  
 Check out "The NALO Movement presents "Love Is, Love Ain't ""  via 
  should hire  b/c she's passionate about helping others.   Please Retweet → 
  should hire  b/c she's passionate about helping others.   Please Retweet → 
 I just became the mayor of The Washington  Historic Westside on  
 I'm at The Washington  Historic Westside (870 Mayson Turner, Atlanta) 
 There is a combined ~30-40 years of education history for  family here. ( Asheville High School) [pic]: 
  is the best ever. I suck and go Mavs 
 RT  . is in Atlanta and needs wine for today's episode! email jon dailygrape .com if U are in ATL & can hook it up :)
 Just signed up for  The web toolbar that gets attention. Anyone have a beta invite to share?
 RT  One of the best things that happen to me  at SXSW this year was meeting  ! Thanks for saying hello!
  Same here. sxsw changed my life & perspective on startups, building a team & just saying hello. The Hilton lobby was the spot!
 RT  Congrats  &  great  win...
  lol. You ain't right
 I'm currently reading day 3 of Old Testament and New Testament. To join in and read along go to: 
 RT  Post; gokit™ Founder's Profile - Justin Dawkins  designer/developer  via  
 Round 2 has started... this could get interesting! The  Vote For Your Favorite Students 
 Currently reading 
 Just reserved my username on   Get yours! 
 RT  RT   Really excited about Kloudco's launch tonight.  Go  !  
  temporarily postponed from the tech side. But we can work on the other side. 
  Pleasure! Thanks for the follow. Would love to connect and find some synergy! Thanks  cc 
 I heard a rumor that 100 Black Men of Atlanta is about to relaunch the Atlanta Football Classic website. Spoiler Alert! It's hot! 
 " Looking at the Twitter fire hose, this is the most activity I've seen since the Super Bowl." -true
 " I wonder if there's going to be a Republican response..." <-- ha ha
 RT  RT  RT  Now kill poverty, wack schools, and US imperialism...
  LOL! That's a commitment!
 RT   we crashin your bday party tonight. Tell security.
  just drew lines betweens waiting for the iPhone5 and waiting for Jesus to rise and come out the tomb. 
 Happy Resurrection Sunday! ( Courageous Church) 
 RT  Ok, tell the truth - uv watched Real Housewives of Atl... And liked it. Damn u reality TV
  wait until you taste it... It'll all make sense soon.
 Lemon pepper chicken sandwich. That is all. ( Fuddruckers - Windy Hill) 
 I carry the Bible but the Word carries me!
  miss you too. Lol. Be home this weekend. 
  thanks!
 RT  Jesus. Lion. Lamb.
 Calls and meetings done. Now lunch with  before getting back to work.  ( Zuma Sushi Bar) 
 Visiting   and baby Jacob! ( Northside Hospital Labor and Delivery w/  
 " Brunch, strategic planning and camera shopping with the homie  Stay tuned for some cool stuff." « Two of the best
 Quick stop by the condo & then we're off to see our new nephew!  and  see you soon! Gotta get Jacob a Twitter account! :)
  ( Front Page News w/  
 Let's go! ( Courageous Church) 
  gotta keep my lady happy! If she's with you then I gotta keep you happy too! :)
  Man!! Long story... Let's chop it up soon fa sho!
  Yo!! What's good?
  lol
  AMEN!
  no didn't know that. Good move. Any particular language or just cs in general?
 At my current pace I may be able to participate in  here in  My problem is I need a marketer & coder rolled in 1
 Let's Get It! ( Courageous Church w/  
  no. When did you send it?
    I slept for about 3 hours and now I can't fall asleep. Sucks cause I have a long day and will be up in 2 hrs.
  Good morning! :)
  right there with you.
 RT  It's Friday and my to-do list seems to only be getting longer.
   I build marketing tech on the web. Essentially I build websites & apps to promote movies & TV shows.
 RT  GOD: Thank you for everything you have done, did, doing, and will do...
  anytime! 
 Compact Cars Only? Umm... Yeah. 
 Let me be more clear. What does it mean to have your life broken down into categories and why is 1 category for  Christians "church life"?
 What is "Church Life?"
 " (1) keep it simple, (2) make it something you'd actually use, (3) iterate. "  
  one of my favorite, most convicting verses in the Bible.
 RT  "I tell you the truth, anyone who believes in me will do the same works I have done, and even greater works,…  ...
 " You know what it is! ( Courageous Church w/   " -- yes sir!
 Let's do this!! ( Courageous Church) 
        Pastor  First Lady  Good morning!
            Good Morning fam!
 Anniversary Dinner Part 2. Taking it up a notch for  :) ( Kyma) 
 Anniversary Dinner with  Isn't she lovely <~ it's rhetorical :) ( Two Urban Licks) 
  Great!! Thank you!
  Can I create survey links that have predefined ids? I want to provide a specific survey link to a user based on a preset rule.
  HUH?!?
  WHOA!!
   there are bubbles but no soap.
  LOL!!!  
  whoa!!!  
  I did actually. Interesting stuff. I think I'm still ahead of the curve a bit ;) we'll see.
  Thanks man! Looking forward to its success!
  sounds like a plan.
  it's going great. God continues to move and continues to keep me busy! :) how are you? Bought Apple stock yet?
 On my  grind...
  nah... I got nothing.
  you know  is going to be hot. Where else do you get giant samurai, dragons, a zeppelins & alien robots in the same film
  hello!
 As they were walking along, someone said to Jesus, “I will follow you wherever you go.” 
 Ready for the  ( Courageous Church w/ 2 others) 
  I can agree with that.
 RT  Something. Be passionate and courageous about something. Pick something & then throw your whole heart & soul at it. Please.
 RT  Go  RT     Thank you 4 helping 2 make our panel a success on Tuesday  ...
 RT  RT  SO excited about a platform that  is building to assist in the press kit space... So ele ...
 RT  Jesus was both a LION & a LAMB and each has a place. When kids are molested by church leaders, it's not LAMB time. It's L ...
  Contact fb directly. They capture IP address information upon login and account creation. They may have answers.
 "  Heard a part of ur interview on V103. Con't 2 stand on what's RT. I'm behind u." +1
   thanks Lin! I'm just trying to catch up with you! ;) must 
      I agree I'd be nice to overlay scripture/notes in an augmented reality app to build context
  thanks Can Can!! :)
 RT  State vs. Alvarado. Crimes Against Children. Dekalb County District Attorney's Office Now Involved.  http:// ...
 Headed to Dallas then home! Now I  ( Austin Bergstrom International Airport (AUS) w/ 249 others) 
 RT  New Post: Founded at SXSW: gokit Announces New Web Identity Platform 
  talking about my future in comedy... Seriously. ( Parkside w/ 5 others) 
  Great session thus far. Great sentiment concept for NBC  Next H&R Block
  things are shaping up nicely! Started a business. got some work done. Ate great! Good trip. 
 Sooo you know the music festival is about to begin. The number of skinny jeans just went up 15000%.  
 RT  RT  Sign up to reserve your gokit ->  - Instant identity kits that tell your story. Beautiful ...
 RT   &   - found us!
 RT  I love it when a plan comes together.   
 Food!!! ( Casino El Camino w/ 20 others) 
  yep! Slow day for me. Trying to get some work done. I'm at 4th and Trinity across from Champions. Headed to the hilton lobby
  sure!!! I'm at the corner of Trinity and 4th right now. When you want to link up?
  same here. What time are we linking up tomorrow?
 Ran into the founder of   David Karp ( IHOP w/ 2 others) 
  great conversation tonight. Even better ideas. Let's flush it out and see what happens.
  nice to meet you! Looking forward to the next random search. I think I'll search for funnel cakes next. What do you think?
  yes the imaginary ice cream truck search will go down as 1 of the most socially productive nights I've ever had! 
  hey lady. I enjoyed our conversations! Inspiring and just plain refreshing. Nice to know I'm not as crazy as I think I am!
  nice meeting you today! Let's continue the conversations tomorrow!
 Ran into  Looking forward to connecting later! Wayne was the 2nd person I followed on Twitter in 07. Any guesses on the 1st?
  - met with  from Gateway. Attending in the AM as he'll be laying out some info that can aid  new direction
  soooo is there anywhere I can get one of those fantastic t-shirts?
  miss you too! Bringing back "thought" goodies!
 Just ran into the  bus driver Steve O!! Great guy! Love the t-shirt! Where can I get 1? 
  Austin for South by Southwest 
  what up fam?
  Thanks!!
 If you hear all the sirens don't be alarmed it's actually a parade 
  Hey! What's on tap for the day?
  my bad. My days are running together.
  how did the meeting go!?
  yea hoping to come back with some extra knowledge for biz &  This is like summer camp (1 part learning + 1 part fun)
 I just unlocked the "Golden Ticket" badge on  
  how was the bbq?
  I'm a little jealous of this view you speak of :)
 RT  So, hey  we meet again. ( Austin Bergstrom International Airport (AUS) ✈ w/    ...
 I just unlocked the "Super Swarm" badge on  
 I just unlocked the "4sq SXSW Virgin" badge on  
   Awesome! Thanks Heather (and Freshbooks)!
 More customized than a Honda Civic, more quantifiable than an abacus! HootStats 
 RT  You're lucky if your customers give you feedback. When they don't, it means they probably don't care enough about you.
  I'm curious to know what your tactics are.
 Working on something cool for my lady... Tired and need to be asleep but she's worth it! :)
  did you ever hear the original mix tape version!? It was originally a duet.
  Thanks!
  Where did you buy?
  that's what's up! Will do.
  have yet to see it.
 " Ready to enjoy God's gifts and travel the world a bit" -- Let's Go!
 RT  RT if you hate .DS_Store 
  I wouldn't do that. Gotta get clear of March first. This is a tease and I wouldn't be surprised if we get snow LOL!
  that sound great!
 I'm exhausted. 12 hours straight on a Sunday. Taking a day off this week to spend time with God. Must keep a day aside for rest & study
 I'm at Shell (1184 Spring St, Atlanta) 
  LOL!! Where's the screenshot?
  oops that was meant for a different tweet.
  lol!
  what are you working on now! LOL!! 
  Awesome! I've seen the product, looks good.
  Wow! That's beautiful.
  lol! 
  All-Star games are about individual player performances. Had Kobe done it I'd say the same thing.
  nah but considering only one other player has a triple double in an All Star game EVER I believe it deserves some recognition.
  lol! You sound like a fan. Fans tend to ignore what kind of skill it takes to score, pass, defend, and rebound.
  I agree on moving towards a biblically sound method of worshiping & serving. May be viewed as radical but should be the norm.
 Will someone please recognize the triple double by James?
 Love God. Love People. Prove It. ( Courageous Church w/  
 Beautiful day in the neighborhood! ( Caribou Coffee) 
 "   -Amen Sista
  yea that blows my mind... You know what!? Tomorrow I'm going to be worth 1.5 million. 
  LOL!!! Why not DJ!? You have fans! I wouldn't be surprised if you had one... You know for your persona.
  what!?! That's pure absurdity... However! Congrats! :) if it helps.
  I use it. We actually use it for  Good stuff!
 " The Adjustment Bureau screening ( Regal Cinemas Atlantic Station Stadium 16 Theatre +10 others) " 
  I'm not lol!
  aww Neele. If it makes you feel any better I'm on hour  and now all I have time for is 2 or 3 hours.
  Wow!! That's GREAT news. It's the start of a long process but I thank God that he's off the streets.
  Amen!
  lol! So true
  Thank you! I'll surely pass it on!
  sure will sweetie!! Oh and Happy Belated Birthday to you!!! :)
  I'm a techie so just being around other creative & innovative minds is cool. Also looking forward to sharing my ideas with others.
  First time attendee! Looking forward to it.
 " Happy 30th Anniversary to my awesome parents. Through them I know what real love is." -Co-sign! Our parents set the bar... Proper
  lol! Ummm what!?!
  that's what's up!! The line shall return!! :)
 Waiting on  and  ( Courageous Church w/  
  Open till 2. Call ahead to confirm. 1-404-603-5282
  yes sir! Open till 2. Call ahead to confirm. 1-404-603-5282
  Sushi House in Buckhead! 
 Go Steelers! ( Super Bowl Sunday) 
 I just unlocked the "Steelers Super Bowl" badge on  
   Praying
 
 "   i really could eat some white chocolate cookies... :( *LC*" -- don't do it... Reconsider!
 So my Photoshop crash cost me about 2 hours of rest 
 God Is Good!
 RT  The auction for soldiers & families is NOW LIVE   -bid, have fun, CHANGE THE WORLD! (RT like CrAzY!)
 Last one :( ( Hall's of Fine Wine) 
 
  My bad! Pharrell did a fantastic job with the score. A whole new dimension of his talent.
 Working on a custom HTML 5 audio/video player for  Working to have complete compatibility across desktop, tablet & smart phone.
 RT  GENTLEMAN'S TIP: Support Black TV programming, but if she turns from the State of the Union Address to BET - she's a n ...
 " Annnnnnnnnnd Boehner's crying. Who called 10:09pm? Anyone?" Lol!!
 " I think defense spending cuts are essential. Too much money goes into unneeded programs, like the F-22.  - I concur
 RT  RT  Every day, families sacrifice to live within their means. They deserve a government that does the same. 
  What up Jinean? Glad we're finally able to connect. Amazing what can happen when you match a face to a twitter handle LOL!
 RT  Awesome night kicking off Women's small group  12 dynamic God loving women bout 2take this world by s ...
  lol!
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Courageous Church on  
 RT  RT   Stop teaching students to pass a test and start creating constructivist classrooms conducive ...
 RT  Forget an "upscale" club.  Have your next birthday party at a karaoke bar with your closests friends and video tape it. ...
 I just did nothing for 2 minutes. Can you? 
 RT  Big day tomorrow  Would love your support as I share my story  9am & 11 am service + tasty breakfast   ...
  we gotta get you a pic and some followers!
  yo! What it do?
 " Just produced my first photoshoot...yay! The models, mau, photographer b-wiggs one word   Congrats!!
  Just visit  since Terrance moved so actually it's dead on. ;)
 I just became the mayor of Custom Cuts on  
 " Politicians would greatly benefit by being on Quora to answer questions related to policy  ◄ I agree 100%
 " In such great mood today!" Awesome!!
  Custom configuration & modification (themes/plugins) not necessarily but great if you do. Building a company, yes.
  what do you think?
  I like it! My shirt and stickers are on the way. 
 Ok I don't feel so bad. The ideas for Start Atlanta are a bit too complex for a weekend. I think we geeks often over-think thinks!
 A little bothered by the fact that I'll miss next week's Start Atlanta. I stay "in the loop" and still managed to miss it.
 Not having the best of weeks, but God's grace is sufficient! Looking forward to the next moment!
  Any reports of downtime on noumea or cobbin? Having db connection issues.
  all good! I gotchu
   Where can we get more "Leader's Guides" from The Curriculum? We have a few copies of the kit. But we need more guides!
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Liquid Soul Media on  
 RT  OFFICIAL!  B.o.B (  and  will perform at the 53rd GRAMMY Awards: 
   
  nah shedding a few pounds. Hate the idea of dieting but I believe in eliminating. No bread, pasta, or potatoes & limiting cheese
 " a grilled cheese sandwich and a cup of tomato soup. please & thank you." « Sounds fantastic. Only 1 problem. I can't have bread ☹
  yep! I'm free  1.
 Currently confirming but it looks like  is in the top 15 according to Soundscan! That's what's up!
   lol!! What up? (DM)
 Sitting here with  Working on a few great ideas!
  Nice!
  When do you have some time. My calendar is pretty open at the moment. Want to do a conf call or link up for a meeting?
 "  I will need those short codes to be ready like yesterday. My org. has an idea for Valentine's Day" - that makes 2 of us
 RT    I will need those short codes to be ready like yesterday. My org. has an idea for Valentine's Day :)
 I'm such a geek.  rocks! 
 " Wear Your Tweets on Your Ring Finger - " -- by far the coolest, almost worthless thing I've ever seen!
  Yo!! we need to update the Mayor's app. Maybe do a welcome letter/video. Share his progress and current agenda (or something).
  Lol! Welcome to the 21st century... of email.
 RT  RT  Not only is Facebook (and Goldman) screwing US investors, they are selling out their users.  ...
  it went well! Mike is a great instructor. 12 ppl were there tonight.
  thankful for the opportunity! We're both ready to move and know that Courageous U is just one step of many!
 Sushi after 101 at  U!  ( Sushi House - Buckhead) 
 Courageous U! ( Courageous Church w/  
 Doh!! 
  LOL! I was answering your question about caring less. You asked is it; "I could care less" or "I couldn't care less" it's 
 " steve jobs taking medical leave " -- What happens when you put all your apples into 1 basket (Jobs)?
 RT  Our 2 Year Anniversary  Church! A Letter to the People I Love! 
  really? I can't stand the stuff. Lol!
 RT  2am. Baby is awake crying. Nights like this make me appreciate all my mother went through to raise us!
  the latter
  Happy Birthday!
 RT  Jackets blow out UNC by 20 pts.  
 Let's go Jet's! 
 RT  The best Twitter bio that I've ever seen: "I'll be your Proverbs 31 if you Matthew 6:33 love ♡" (via  )  ...
 RT   this morning with my boys   &  oh how could I forget Mike Jordan! Those r  ...
 I'm at Courageous Church w/    
 " Ugh..hate living in buckhead! I have been in traffic for over an hour just to get home!! WTF!!" Oh that simply sucks!
 Tomorrow I'm going to finish up some  work & get started on the PSDs for  God continues to do great things! 
 " Looking at my future "Cosby Show Brownstone" yeh I'm declaring it. Say something!" -- Lemme see... Yea I said something
 " can't wait for yall to see me 6-12 months from now....." -- how much brighter can you get! You already beamin!! 
 Lately all of my late night coding has been centered around my new vice  Almost done with 2 simple but powerful apps! 
 "  is hilarious!" -- 
  is hilarious!
 Comedy should be the cure for  ( Uptown Comedy Corner) 
   LOL! Well the crew we play poker with are all rookies (except for a few) but let me rap with  & see what's good!
   no solid plans. A few options may go see Ronnie Jordan at Uptown. Maybe a wine tasting. Maybe even a poker night. Any ideas?
 " Coffee Coffee Coffee! I need   -- someone Please get this woman some coffee ASAP
 One thing that I've learned as an entrepreneur is that being a good leader requires me to be a good leader of myself. It's actually Biblical
  shame on me. I'm on it.
 " I'm Gone " - Have a great trip!
  I don't like Buzz because it looks & feels like every other Google product and from a social/user experience that's just boring.
  Google can't get it right because ppl need different experiences. They can create or buy ideas but ppl don't want a 1 stop shop.
 RT  Good Morning! Go for it, get out the house today...just do it carefully.
 RT   THE LP Frontcover Unveiled at 10pm Tomorrow Night...RT RT RT
 RT  Ladies & gentlemen, I have a simple yet difficult question I would like 4 U 2 answer. In ur opinion what is the makeup of  ...
  nice!
  You been had it. ;) LOL!
 " I wish Google would pay some much needed love to Google Listen. So much wasted potential." -- I concur
  EXACTLY!! I'm in the same boat.
 " What happened to the good black shows?" - You mean the one from 2 decades ago?
 RT  "If you think education is expensive, try ignorance"
 RT  Melanie and Derwin should have been the focus for tonight...they should have gradually introduced Malik/Megan, Tasha/ ...
 Yep day 3 ( Snowcation in Hothlanta w/   
  
  you called it!!
  About 30 to 50 dollars a month
  nice ink! Now put some clothes on woman!
 RT  Tia Mowry Pregnant! 
 Predictions have begun! Homegirl says Hill Harper is the daddy! LOL 
  Tell em how you feel son! 
 RT   that statement reaches far beyond hilarious
 " i'ma call every girl in my phone starting at 10 just to piss em' all off....  Hilarious!!
  Sorry Neele! :(
  Actually I'm getting more design work done but yep! In start up mode. You?
  LOL!!! Trust we ( wish the same! Crossing our fingers. It may be Friday! :)
 RT  We need 50 people TODAY 2 commit 2 rally for justice Friday!  (RT like justice d ...
 RT  Snowcation in  update: 190 there now, 7145 check-ins by 3705 users, 141 tips, & 151 photos!   ...
  Nice!
  Snowcation went EPIC yesterday! It may go again today!
 Ok. Quick nap and back up in a few!
 RT    my 3 daughters are selling cookies. Do you live in Atlanta? You can order with us.
  Also working on our facebook welcome app! Hope to get that in front of you by midweek. Also who manages the Facebook page?
  Yea with so many browsers out there now, compliance helps to improve rendering on mobile as well as desktop.
 Late night tweaking some of  online properties. Working to get the church a little more  
  what do you think of the movie?
  love the profile pic Kam!
  That's sick!
  I missed it catching up on doing absolutely nothing. Lol!
  she did have a cocktail... On camera! Lol!
  lol!! Yea
 "    we got  " - Crazy!!   
  Awesome!!! Thank you!
  Happy Birthday! From the look of it you get to have the Mr. home for the day! :)  Please Give my nephew a big hug for me
 " Time to start back with my python lessons!" 
 " I think I thought of a show. This Bravo shit got me thinking. I think it just might work too!!!!" -- Go for it!!
  The Epic badge showed up automatically for me.
 RT   the city-wide venue "Snowcation in Hothlanta" just hit 500 and then 1,000 check-ins
  Epic Swarm!!! Let's go! What's next. LOL!!
 Shout out to  on her cameo on RHOA!!!
 RT  Dis snow not playing...if ya driving be careful please!
 I just unlocked the "Epic Swarm" badge on  
 I just unlocked the "Epic Swarm" badge on  
 RT   Please be safe!
  Lol!! Seeing other Georgians react to the snow is hilarious!
 I just unlocked the "Super Duper Swarm" badge on  
 I just unlocked the "Player Please!" badge on  
 " & another log has been added to the fireplace! Yessss!!!!" Nice...
  don't hold back. Tell em how you feel son! Lol!
  lol! That could work too!
  lol!! You three need to live down a hill so you can claim the driveway froze over. 
 RT  Rant: AT&T should shut up about Verizon iPhone  Verizon kicked its ass at CES. Again.
  lol! You remember Halloween sunday when you wore your "big hat?" Well the face is that "sour" church mother face.
 Sitting next to the first lady today ( She doesn't have her  on! :)
 Second service in the series "Real" ( Courageous Church w/ 3 others) 
 I continue to fall in and out so I'll opt to for standing... Next time.
   LOL!!! I have no words.
 " Update: Conflicting reports about Giffords - Reuters now reporting she's alive and in surgery" - Well which one is it?
 " CNN confirms that Gabrielle Giffords has died." NOOO!!!!
 RT  Still time to come to the King Center to celebrate Dr. King, the community, our children and a healthy non-violent fut ...
 " **BREAKING NEWS** Democratic Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords Shot In Head (PHOTOS) " WHAT!!?!
 Wow!!! The Cha Cha slide never looked better! Parents and kids! Killing it at the King Center! Pic in a minute! 
 RT  Come to the king center for the kingpin nonviolence expo!  You can tweet live to the video screens!
 RT  I'll be connecting with parents, the youth and community leaders to discuss ways to keep our children active and healt ...
 RT  Faith makes things possible, not easy. ~Unknown
  whoa whoa whoa... 
 RT  "I'm fine" = I'm freakin' pissed and won't tell you why, but you have to figure it out yourself AND fix it  ...
 Working on my hobby project a bit before getting back to my client work. 
  I agree. I think the "skinny" comes from the fact that you're so petite, while "thick" comes from your ratios aka shape
 RT   NOW!          ...
  Thanks for the shout out. 
  thanks for the shout out! 
 " Hey  --- Really??  " wow! The description helps but man...
  All of the above. Each of them have the weapons to beat you. They're only wild cards because of untimely errors and inconsistency.
 My barber's new spot in Fayetteville. I'll miss Masterpiece but thankful for his growth! ( Custom Cuts) 
 RT  Wow! We won the  award! YOU WON! Thank all of U for your love, support, votes, tweets, & more about  ...
  won!!!! YES!!!!!!!!
 RT  best social good campaign live!!! on  GO 
  I have a GREAT idea for u btw. I'm going to email u in a bit with details! I'll include it in the email I already owe you LOL
  Oh that's just wrong! 
 Now back to work. Gotta stay focused....
 Just gave my first tithe of the year! It's not a lot but I'm simply returning back to him what he continues to provide to me. 
 RT  Very late...just finished writing a very difficult blog entry. Will you stand with me to find a rapist?  ...
  Cake eater!! LOL! ;)
 " "I spend all day building tools that leverage social media platforms to surface more value to users and brands."  
 Hoping to finish this script by tomorrow. Excited about filming my first movie since '05. Only thing I'm NOT looking fwd to is post prod.
 I just unlocked the "Mile High" badge on  
