  Glad to hear the links are useful and hope all is well in Rotterdam!
 Web governance: deciding who gets to decide -  
 Yay, treat receipts! RT  The endless amount of  coffee at  has been a hit with attendees. 
  Denver reminds me of home.
 Hours away from departing for Denver!  
 Twitter flavored ice cream:  (via  and 
 RT  In theaters this fall: The Social Network 2 
 The Intersection of Fit and Fun:   
 How to Track Tweets, Facebook Likes and More with Google Analytics: 
  Your super-chocolate, mini amycakes were a big hit at the office!  Thanks!
 Hot Trends in Social Media: Globalization and Real Time - 
 RT  New blog: Social Media vs. Higher Ed's Traditional Mouse-In-The-Maze Model 
 10 Life Lessons from a Reluctant Runner: 
  Thanks for the RT!
 How to Get Started With Google+, Your Complete Guide: 
  Thanks so much for the 
 RT  Social Media reveals people with bad intentions and rewards people those who do great things for the World  
 Happy Canada Day, Eh!  
 A Simple Strategy for Simplifying: 
 RT  Google's top execs refuse to testify at Senate hearing 
  Thanks!  It was great running into you too.
 5 Ways to Build a Following by Giving Something Away: 
 Apple patents mobile camera that other people can shut off: 
 My Standing Desk Experiment (via  and  
 3 Ways to Benefit From Social Media Crowdsourcing: 
  On hold for 54 minutes for a useless 10 second "conversation."  Just need to change a seat...
  I know about the strike, but being on hold for 32+ minutes is not cool.
 3 Ways to Prepare Your Business for Social Search: 
 City of London confiscates  account, kills playful bot: 
 Twitter finds a place in the classroom: 
  No problem!
 9 Lessons From Successful Brands on Twitter: 
 Twitter Automates Link Shortening for Its Web App: 
 Apple Blesses Twitter, Makes It the Social Network on iOS Devices: 
 How to Use LinkedIn Today to Find Popular Content: 
 Apple announces iCloud, iOS 5, and OSX Lion - Details from Apple.com: .
 6 New Apps For Getting More Out of Foursquare: 
 Moment of Impact by Alan Sailer:  
 Running – How and Why? 
 This Guy Has My Macbook: to catch a laptop thief, in photos (update: CAUGHT!): 
 The World Health Organization, cell phones, and cancer—what's actually going on: 
  Indeed.  
  Agreed.  This issue came up in Alberta too when they introduced non-smoking laws.
 Putting a Crimp in the Hookah:   or 
 RT  Apple's Cloud Product Officially Official And It's Called iCloud  by  RT 
 How to Run a Successful Social Media Contest: 
 Twitter Acquires TweetDeck: 
 Twitter Users Get New Email Notification Options: 
 The Earliest Social Network Ever Discovered [COMIC]: 
 Apple triggers 'religious' reaction in fans' brains, report says:  
 3 Rewards and 3 Risks of Making Customers Brand Ambassadors: 
  Thank you!  It was very interesting.
 Looking forward to participating in the social media session at the  conference! 
 RT  A Simple 5K Running Plan:  
 6 Ways to Grow Your Business With Content: 
 11 Ways to Find New Content for Your Social Strategy: 
  I called Sony and had them fix the network just for your birthday.    
 The Wild Tale Of A Stolen Laptop In SOHO: 
 In Trying to Plant Google Privacy Story, Did Facebook Have a Point? 
 RT  EXPOSED: Facebook's Plan To Plant Anti-Google Stories in the Press - 
  I don't think you can do it easily from your phone.  Here's a how-to: .
 Twitter Users Are Way Bolder Than Facebook Users [INFOGRAPHIC]: 
 Anyone having troubles with  today?  Newly created, saved files are not appearing on my home list.
 Virtual Trust: 
  It looks like you're getting it figured out.
 Canadians are not well-adapted to this hot, May heat: . 
 What’s Behind the Food Photography Trend? [INFOGRAPHIC]: 
 How Mashable Evolved Into a Major Media Company:  (via 
 HOW TO: Get Your Employees On Board With Your Social Media Policy - 
 Next iPhone Might Have Over-the-Air Updates [REPORT] - 
 The Mutterings Of Twitter:  (via 
 Google Named Most Reputable Company in U.S.: 
 One More Important Thing About Presenting... 
  Costa Rica is great.
 RT  Apple's New iMacs Add Thunderbolt, More Graphics Muscle, and Monster Quad-Core Guts [Apple] 
 One Twitter User Reports Live From Osama Bin Laden Raid: 
  Unfortunately no, but I just found the link to apply to vote that I should have found a month ago.  
 RT  How Small Businesses Are Using Social Media Infographic 
 6 Tips to Increase Your Facebook EdgeRank and Exposure:   
 I think they forgot one... RT  What Birthname Makes You Most Likely To Be CEO? - 
 Report: Apple's Jobs says 'We don't track anyone'  
 Sony PlayStation Network status: PSN down for 5th day -  Anyone want to buy a slightly used PS3?
 RT  Generations and their Gadgets     
 8 Ways to Improve Your Live Event With Social Media: 
 Economies of small - Godin: 
 RT  Have you guys seen ? From  the makers of Flavors.me, it really is DIY commerce done right.
 Great post - Impact of Social Media on Website Traffic: 
 Why Twitter Wants to Acquire TweetDeck: 
  Thought you might be interested: . 
 RT  What Netflix And eHarmony Can Teach College Guidance Counselors   
 Gmail Themes Now Fully Customizable with Your Own Backgrounds:  
 The 5 Dangerous Realities of Social Media for Business: 
 How to Finish:  
 Google Announces More Investment in Green Energy: 
 How to gain influence on Twitter? Focus - 
 Apple's three biggest weaknesses: 
 Foursquare Checkins Get Encrypted: 
 5 Tips for Using Facebook’s Moderation Blocklist: 
  Don't make me get out the vacuum the next time you visit... 
 Quora: The Stats Behind the Buzz - 
 Location-Based Services: Foursquare vs. Facebook Places - 
  Great meeting you too and I'm looking forward to future  events!
 How to Grow a Blog Community With Social Media: 
 Met great people last night at  and the presentations rocked!  Thanks again for the invite, 
 4 Useful Twitter Automation Tools and How to Use Them: 
 Is Apple Delaying the Release of iPhone 5? 
 Your Emails are Too Long: 
  Where did you find that? 
 5 Mobile App Trends You Can’t Ignore: 
 RT  LinkedIn Surpasses 100 Million Users [INFOGRAPHIC] 
 RT  Get Real-Time Transit Schedules When You Check In on Foursquare [APPS] 
 4 Tips for Converting Social Media Leads: 
 Mac Mail makes me want to dip my aluminum MacBook in mercury: 
 9 Mindfulness Rituals to Make Your Day Better: 
 RT  Twitter is more common than Facebook among Fortune Global 100 businesses:   
 RT  20 Seriously Awesome  Photos 
 RT  The History of Computer Viruses [INFOGRAPHIC] - 
 Adobe caves in to Apple: 
 The Occasional Ugliness Of The Social Web:  (-
 Top 7 Ways to Save Time on Twitter: 
 RT  Praying for those affected by the Japan quake and tsunami 
 RT  A Simple Guide for a Mindful Digital Life: 
 Sleep is More Important than Food: goo.gl/oGbhB 
 RT  Does Twitter Make You a Nicer Person? - 
 9 Ways to Transform Your Website Into a Social Media Hub: 
 RT  Crazy talk? Latest Twitter valuation jumps to $7.7 billion 
 Anyone else having issues with their Facebook Pages?  It was slow yesterday and won't fully load pages today.
 On Clarity and Honesty:   (via 
 TweetDeck Announces New iOS App With Flexible Columns:  
 How to Turn Your Email Into a Social Media Hub With Posterous: 
  Saving the best for last, or do you like  more than me? 
 Is the Personalization of the Web Making Us Dumber? 
 RT   scholarship students in Canada caught in the middle of asset freeze:   
 Facebook Promotions: What You Need to Know - 
 RT  From now on, I'm using this story in class to illustrate the consequences of plagiarizing:   ...
 Poke, Poke... Who's There? It's Seth Godin: 
 RT  Google Apologizes for Gmail Reset Issue & Promises Quick Fix 
 swackett says: A few t-storms, some severe and high of 78°F today for Marietta  via 
 The Distraction Of Twitter: 
 Finding Space: 
 RT  And now there is a Wikileaks for  Say hello to UniLeaks.: 
 Can’t Find a Dream Job? Create Your Own:  (via 
 RT  What Makes People Buy: Indoctrination 
 Rumor Roundup: The MacBook Pro Edition: 
  Thank you for the nearly 30% in extra fees... Keep spreading the love. 
 8 New Facebook Page Changes: What You Need to Know: 
 RT  Georgia cities are celebrating Arbor Day Fri & Sat - many are giving away trees. Check ou… (cont) 
 Red Cross Does PR Disaster Recovery on Rogue Tweet: 
 Social Networking Americans’ Valentine’s Day Plans [INFOGRAPHIC] - 
 What the New Facebook Pages Mean For Users & Owners: 
  I'm tempted, but I think I might hold off until tomorrow to see how people respond.
 Is this another teaser or is Facebook launching new page management? 
 10 Things Social Media Marketers Should Know About Millennials 
 Awesome RT  What if social media were a high school? [infographic] 
 8 Ways to Find Great Social Media Content: 
 Groupon Responds to Super Bowl Ad Controversy: 
 I'm a Casual Wooter. I'll buy their stuff but I won't spend the night.  
 Video: The Science of Social Media at Harvard - 
 RT  FACT: On Groundhog's Day RTing things twice (or more) isn't a party foul. Just sayin.  
 Is Your Business Ready for the Now Revolution?  (-
 Anyone else Google "test" to check their internet connection?
 I leave the country for a year and this happens:  
 RT  125 years since patent submission. Carl Benz filed patent no. 37435 in Berlin on January 29, 1886... 
 RT  Today's Friday Five: 5 reasons to support  (   | higher ed marketing  ...
 HOW TO: Ask and Answer Questions on Quora [VIDEO]  via  
 I just ousted Jillian H. as the mayor of C-CHOP - Life University on  
 RT  The Apple iPad, one year later [infographic] 
 Support  add a  now! -  - Create one here - 
 RT  48 Fun Ways to Exercise 
 RT  Let’s show the power of the higher ed community by helping   
 RT  Foursquare’s Rise to 6 Million Users [INFOGRAPHIC]  via 
 Mayors of Starbucks Now Get Discounts Nationwide with Foursquare: 
 "Shoes make me happy. I'm superficial. Whatever." 
 Who would win a fight? Jack Bauer (24) or Jason Bourne (Bourne Ultimatum) 
 It’s Official: The iPhone Is Coming to Verizon - 
 What Your Business Needs to Know About Social Graphs: 
 Apple opens app store for Macs: 
 Wikileaks Reveals Sea Shepherd is a Serious Concern to Japan’s Illegal Whaling Operations 
  Thanks! I'll check it out.
 Do you happen to know a quick and simple way to export wall posts from a Facebook Page?
 Social Media For Business: Taking Your Program Beyond Marketing Campaigns.  (via 
 RT  Warning: Quora can be a bit more addictive than Angry Birds, and might actually lead to something of value.
 30 Social Media Predictions From 30 Social Media Pros: 
 HOW TO: Use Social Media to Create Better Customer Experiences: 
 3 Ways to Close the Gap Between Social Media and Direct Response 
 RT  Video: Some EXTRAORDINARY Truth & Wisdom From Steve Jobs. Poignant and moving.  
 19 of the Best Infographics From 2010: 
 290+ Social Media Resources From 2010 
 
 What Santa Really Does While You're Asleep 
 What are you working on? 
 Cool. 40 New Social Media Resources You May Have Missed: 
  Do you ignore all customer emails and regularly cancel orders without letting customers know?  
 New Facebook Features Exposed in Accidental Update 
 RT  Facebook Pages are getting overhauled as we speak
 6 Social Media Success Metrics You Need to Track 
   will also open at 9 a.m. and all final exams have been delayed by 2 hours.
 TIME Names Mark Zuckerberg Person of the Year  via  
 Missed Opportunities (in Social Media) 
 Lights of Life - Pure Magic  (via  
 Even without  presenting, these are good slides: My Top 6 Social Media Science Presentations (600+ Slides) 
 RT  Mark Zuckerberg to Donate Most of His Wealth to Charity: 
  Cool profile picture.  Did you individually place each of the dots in the background?
 Dell To Launch Social Media Listening Command Center [EXCLUSIVE]:  via 
 How to Develop a Social Media Content Strategy: 
 How to triple your Twitter traffic in 7 days:  (via 
 Apply to be a part of the Google Chrome pilot program :  
 Chrome Browser, Now Used By 120 Million People, Just Cranked Up Its Speed: 
 5 Ways to Effectively Manage Your Online Reputation:  (via 
     Thanks for the awesome birthday adventure!
 Apple's Mac App Store to Launch Next Week? 
 Gowalla Turns the Tables, Integrates With Foursquare: 
 Netflix Prepares to Open Its Wallet for Newer TV Content: 
 All social media experts "are actually the same person," Wikileaks documents reveal: 
 8 Social Media Trends Impacting Businesses: 
 5 Creative Social Good Campaigns for the Holiday Season: 
 Agreed. RT  since it's cyber monday don't you think a woot off would have been a good idea???
 Today’s Big Rumor: Google Buys Groupon for $2.5 Billion: 
 I just ousted Evin R. as the mayor of Kehoe House on  
 Foursquare Takes on the TSA With “Baggage Handler” Badge 
 Facebook Now Displaying [Individual] Post Insights On Smaller Pages: 
 RT  173 of the Fortune 500 have Twitter accounts. -UMass Dartmouth Study
     $15 for a Try Scuba Diving Lesson at The Dive Shop in Marietta: 
 RT  New iPhone App Locates Products in Aisles at Stores  via 
 How to Get the M.O.S.T. From Your Social Media Marketing: 
 Twitter’s Official Analytics Product Has Arrived:  
 bit.ly: New look and "bundles:"  
 RT  . has a great interview in  on building a valuable company 
 Facebook Announces New Messaging System: "It's Not E-mail"  via  
 The Shadow Scholar  - The man who writes your students' papers tells his story:  
 RT  Tweeting Students Earn Higher Grades Than Others in Classroom Experiment - from the Chronicle  
 7 Twitter Strategies for Growing a Great Following:  
 I just became the mayor of Lower Gym (Life University) on  
 RT  How to Setup & Maintain New Facebook Group Pages 
  I love skating! ( and I will have to rent  skates.)
 Anyone else experiencing issues with 
 How to kill the "cool" factor: RT  MacRumors: Hasbro to Launch $30 'My3D' Accessory for iPhone and iPod Touch 
 Bring a jacket; it's going to be another cool day:   
 Need some cocoa to stay warm at Cocoa Beach:  
 I just became the mayor of Chiro Games on  
 Wish I had V for Vendetta for the road trip! 
 RT  Bank of America and Citigroup Consider Ditching BlackBerry for iPhone - 
 On my way to Cocoa Beach! 
 5 MUST Do’s In PPC Management: 
 RT  The 46 stages of Twitter Usage from beginning - Very Funny List 
 21 Ways Non-Profits Can Leverage Social Media  
 Get Motivated Seminars: 'Life-changing' or 'high-pressure sales'?  (via  
 Early lunch? I think so. 
 RT  I bet this guy sells sham wows and snuggies in his spare time. 
    I think we should storm the stage... 
 RT  Boy, I sure hope this guy has a book or program I can buy.  
 Are infomercials worth the "good" speakers?  
 RT  An Early Sell-Out for Super Bowl Ad Slots - 
 RT  Gen. Colin Powell is talking about Twitter and Facebook and how he doesn't get it. Haha. And he's now a vc...fun fact ...
 Now up:  - Get off the island...  
 Listening to  at the  seminar in Atlanta.
 RT  Manic Monday alert: Expect rough a.m. and p.m. rush hour commutes due to "Get Motivated " seminar downtown. 
 On buying unmeasurable media 
  Not a personal favorite, but homemade dog food featuring  might make a neat video tutorial.
 Facebook now has spam filter for Pages:  
 HOW TO: Optimize Your Social Media Marketing Strategy: 
 RT  White iPhone 4 Delayed Until Spring 2011   (via) Mashable
 26 Twitter Tips for Enhancing Your Tweets:  (Tip  Guide. Tip  Share Links...)
  More washes...
 RT  Tech News Is the MacBook Air a peek into the future of laptops? 
  Thanks for the link!
 RT  Facebook Pages Admin Panel changed overnight. Check out the new changes and pass along to your admins! 
 Top 7 Social Media Services for Small Business [MASHABLE AWARDS]: 
 5 Innovative Uses of an API [Mashable Awards]: 
 GSD&M Idea Agency and BMW Part Ways After Five Years 
 A Moment of Clarity  (via 
 RT  Want to "go viral"? It's not about the content, but the emotions it evokes. Good piece from  
 Apple unleashes Lion; so which cat could be next?  
 RT  FaceTime for Mac Beta Available Today 
 Google Wants You to Convince the World Its Products Rock 
 3 Simple Ways to Rapidly Create Custom Facebook Landing Tabs:  
 RT  Will You Lead, Follow, Ignore? The Choice is Yours 
 You're famous 
  Thanks (*sarcastic tone) - I thought that was you.
 I'm at Wings Over Atlanta - Blue Angels (Dobbins ARB, Cobb Parkway, Marietta) w/ 31 others. 
 TED Brings “Ideas Worth Spreading” to the iPad 
  Thanks for reaching out! We'll look into it.
 5 Ways to Make Your Blog Posts Outstanding  
  Thanks for the RT!
 Solid Snake Chiropractor 
 How to Integrate Video Into Your Social Media Marketing 
  Congrats on your new teaching gig!
 6 Common Habits of Highly Effective Social Media Rock Stars, Part 1: The Speaking Circuit 
 How to Use to Delicious: The King of Social Bookmarking 
 RT  Your brand is living. Your social voice should be the same.  
 How to Integrate Social Media With Traditional Media 
 Supplement Ads Take You For a Ride [Badvertising] 
 7 Tips to Mastering Facebook Advertising   
 RT  Gmail Gets Its Own Twitter Account  | RT  
 Petit Le Mans in Pictures – BMW’s Victory in GT  
 RT  “Groups” Feature Is the New Facebook [OP-ED]  via 
 Oh, well hello, shiny & new TweetDeck:   'Smart cross-posting" you say...
 Playing with Google's URL shortener: 
 RT  Google Opens Up Their URL Shortener To All goo.gl/zd2Z
 My first full day as “good” Olivier (via  
 RT  Awesome juice box design 
  I've unsubscribed three times; please take me off of your email distribution list.  Thanks.  
 Foursquare Releases Merit-Based Badges for Better Living 
  Oh really... I happen to work at the "official" LIFE University.  
 Facebook upgrades photos -- look out, Flickr 
 RT  The Consumerist *Worst* Ads of the Year: 
 RT  Vote for Uncle Jesse ( ) in the Metromix Atlanta's Cutest Dog contest!  RT!
 RT  hey students, we ♥ u. Get 2X referral credit with a .edu email  plus retweet this for a chance at 100GB!!
 RT  Apple TV vs Roku HD... fight! 
 Need a Reservation? That Could Depend On How Big You Are on Twitter (Really) 
 How to make twitter backgrounds for the new twitter.com - 
 3 Ways Twitter Analysis Can Enhance Your Marketing  
 Does Your Campus Security Have a Place in Social Media?  (via  
 The Future Of Online Video  (via 
 RT  Live Feed about  Austin Shooting:  
 Facebook spam not appearing to page admins - Non-admin view:  Admin view: 
 RT  NEW POST: 10 Tips for Finding a Job Using Facebook and LinkedIn 
 7 Ways Mobile Apps are Enriching Historical Tourism: 
 Looking for a fun Saturday activity?  Check out a local museum for free -   
 Because we all need a little more win.  (via 
  If I was still in Alberta, I think I would be going on a hike in   Enjoy the sun!
 How Social Media Influence Reinstated a Popular Facebook Page 
 RT  via  I love that I have a job that when Facebook isn't working, it means my productivity is lower.
 RT  It's not just you! Facebook is DOWN  via 
  Heard the news - Congrats! 
 You Do This More Than Sleeping And Working 
  I share a lot of from the site, so in a way I'm massively contributing to its success, but no, it's not mine. 
 How Universities Can Win Big with Location-Based Apps:  
 Facebook to Make Games Less Annoying, More Engaging: 
 BMW vs. Audi: The Best Media Plan on Four Wheels? 
  Thanks for the RT!
 A Minimalist’s Guide to eBay: The Least You Need to Know to Get Started 
 5 Ways to Develop Meaningful LinkedIn Connections 
 RT  RT  Don't Innovate Italian Soccer Style  nice, just call it football :-) 
 Google Earth for iPhone: Now With More Oceans: 
  I'm thinking we need to get together with  and  for  later this week!
 Burberry Customers to Shop via In-Store iPads Following Today’s Runway Show: 
 Awesome HTML5 infographic  
 Content Lessons Learned From 25 Popular Blog Posts  
 RT  Biggest lie we tell ourselves daily: working on our inbox is work.
 Monday morning fun RT  The Funniest Photoshop Fails Of All Time (PHOTOS) 
 How to Create Social Media Business Guidelines 
  Best cupcake ever:  
 Life’s missing white space   
 RT  Remember That DM on Twitter? So Do Your Apps via  
 RT  Three of the Internet's most awkward phrases ~
   Hope you're enjoying the training session!
    Hope you're enjoying the training session!
 RT  The New and Improved Twitter (updated)  
  I'm on to you...
 RT  10 ways to create and enjoy more small joys in your life:  
 Apple iPad Takes BMW Paperless Processing One Step Further 
 RT  Social Media & the Art of Marketing to Baby Boomers: 
 RT  Which is more eco-friendly: Netflix or a Video Store?  (via A Sustainable Life) 
 RT  10 Social Media Tricks I Learned From My Dog 
 ;)  How to Grow a Following With Other People’s Popular Content  
 RT  Growing up with PlayStation [infographic] 
 RT  Captain Planet Turns 20  (via A Sustainable Life)  
 Did Apple Just Open the Door to Adobe Flash on iPhone and iPad?  (via 
 What's Your Brand's Social ID?  
  What did you do with  hair?!  I feel you're partially responsible... Good thing it looks HOT.  ;)
 RT  Apple iOS 4.1 is now available for download
 How to Measure Social Media’s Impact on Customer Retention  
 Interesting.  What secret is BMW “hiding”?  
 Google homepage craziness - Part 1:  Part 2: 
 The Four Levels of Social Entrapment  
 Awesome! RT  “Chiropractic Gurls” – student/CA video inspired by   
 The Social and the Media  (via 
 How to Almost Sabotage a Dinner Party With Facebook 'Places'  
 What would you do as the dealership?  As BMW? - BMW M5 wrecked while at dealer for service 
 BMW Unscripted – a series about people talking about their life, passion and joy with the brand BMW 
 5 Ways to Get the Support of Social Media Influencers  
 YouTube, you're pretty cool, but why, in a 4 minute clip, did you pick the 3 second sneeze as the default thumbnail?
 Awesome new office artwork from amazing artist and friend,  -  
 RT  I have been using this and love it.  Dropbox is a double rainbow all the way.   
 The Truth, The Whole Truth And Nothing But The Truth   (via 
  Thanks for the RT.  Have a great day!
 Take Responsibility  (via Seth Godin)
 Ahhh!  Stop the music!  
 What Apple will, and won't, announce today  
 10 Top Facebook Pages and Why They’re Successful  (via 
 Love the reference to hockey and maple syrup - Creativity In The Age of Web Analytics 
 RT  Brooklyn College Alum Removes School From Will Over Reading Assignment  
 YouTube Launches Brand Protection Feature 
 RT  BMW North America Marketing Chief Jack Pitney Dies at 47 
  I'm mayor of Enrollment Management... and the Cross Walk... Did you sign up for foursquare?
 Tweet Cred: How To Gain Respect On Twitter  (via 
 Rockstar Bimmer: True Bliss Customs Matte Black BMW E92 M3 
 Need for Speed: Shift - The last EA game I will EVER buy.  Off to drown my frustration at the farmers' market with 
 Old Spice Revisited: Lessons and Cautions for Small Business 
 How Big Brands Employ Social Media Marketing  
 Are You Using Social Media as Social Proof?  
 Introducing a New Kind of Tweetup: Social Media Battles  (via 
 The Funniest Friggin Chatroulette Reaction Ever (The Last Exorcism) 
 Little lies and small promises  (via Seth Godin)
 Is Starbucks the Most Dangerous Competitor to Facebook?   
 7 Facebook Marketing Tips From World’s Top Pros  
 I just ousted Zachary L. as the mayor of Life's Village Retreat (Life University) on  
 HOW TO: Create and Deploy Your Own QR Codes 
 I just became the mayor of Enrollment Management (Life University) on  
