 I was going to go to bed, but the  are on. A lot has changed since I was a kid. Double MX backflips?! This is escalation.
  You should try LightBox. A great photo app for  that should solve your 
  Wally Szczerbiak, Kevin Garnett and "that other guy" T-wolves glory days.  Wally watches you sleep.
 My most explored Foursquare venues are gas stations and fast food restaurants. I'm not lazy,  I just travel a lot.
  and  with a tazer... A real tazer. 
 Retro giraffes at Zoo Brew!  
 I just posted a photo 
 Making some music in the living room.  
 I just became the mayor of Graziano Apartments on  
 I was told again (the third time) that I look like Ames photographer Dan Mcclanahan. Coincidence or fact?
  The future of display ads. 
 Templeton Rye spotting confirmed. ( Last stop beverage shop) 
 The iced Intelligentsia summer blend is a must! ( Mars Cafe w/  
 Old Spice Man accepts challenge. It's on like Donkey Kong tomorrow at 11 CT 
 I'm loving this Foster the People Remix ft. "fast rapper" Gwatsky   unite!
 I just unlocked the "30 Minutes or Less" badge on  
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Jonzi's house on  
 FINALLY! RAIN!!!
 My Sizzlin' Summer playlist on Spotify 
 I don't need StumbleUpon as long as I have friends that use it.
 This is a strange mix: "According to  I'm influential about: pepsi, social media, and headphones" 
 What a great morning! I found 25 cents and it's only the first quarter!
  I'm a senior in college and still don't know how to find a book in the campus library.
 A house is not a home without Hershey's Syrup.
 I just ousted  as the mayor of McDonalds - Turtle Lake WI on  
 Inventive Coke experience. Definitely try it if you have 7 minutes. 
 According to   is influential about: college, chelsea handler, and job search  
 I just got one of the first US Spotify accounts because I have Klout!    Find out if you're eligible:  
 Spotify is now in the U.S.! 
 I'm at West Grand Golf (6450 Raccoon River Drive, West Grand Avenue, West Des Moines) 
  makes using their service for businesses even easier. 
 Renting bikes with  
 A giant tree stuck under the dam at the Center street bridge.  residents may like to see this in person. 
  I think you'll like this. 
 Police cars outside my house are late night entertainment. 
 The craftsmanship of the  Season 4 DVD packaging is appauling. Who do I tweet at to point this out? 
  Just beat Plants vs. Zombies!
 I just unlocked the "Swimmies" badge on  
 Google Music Beta and Google+ invites in the same hour? Overload!
 Living the high life with  ( High Life Lounge w/ 6 others) 
 2/3 of Google+ users prefer it over Facebook. 
 Heading back to DSM with  no FM transmitter, CD player or tape adapter. Good thing we have cassettes!
 Anyone know when the X Games are this year?
 Just downloaded the  app. Pretty cool! Looking forward to using it this summer!
 Just finished watching The King's Speech with my mom. Feel asleep before the final speech, but I'm sure he did great.
 Chased by a chicken. Ran to the border. ( Minnesota & Wisconsin Border) [pic]: 
 I just ousted Joe H. as the mayor of Minnesota & Wisconsin Border on  
 I just became the mayor of Burger King on  
 I just ousted Tod L. as the mayor of Ed's Pit Stop on  
 Life in WI. 
 I just unlocked the "Ten Hundred" badge on  
  It's mostly budget because the policies are included. Here's the exchange.  ...and it shutdown at midnight.
 Here are some facts.  
 RT  And that's it. We have a  everyone.
 TIL Forrester says interactive mktg. is: email, search, display ads, SM, mobile, or online video to sense and respond to cust. needs.
 Looking for a good dinner in DSM. How about a favorite suggestion. Burgers preferred.
   Do I want to? I haven't heard it is looking like Wave. Not a good start.
 Thoughts on Google+?
 Greenpeace responds to VW Vader Super Bowl ad with episode II. 
 Oh you know, just hanging out at the airport... ( Terminal 1 (Lindbergh) w/ 5 others) [pic]: 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of The Playpen on  
 
    Our version of "Throw it on the Ground" broke 10,500 views on YouTube! 
 It looks like Netflix in here. ( CD Warehouse) 
 Pay attn.   "No Feet No Horse "
 In case you were wondering, Ivory Coast is a country.
 I just unlocked the "Zoetrope" badge on  
  Anna Sun. Listen and watch. How's THAT for hipster cred? 
 Has anyone seen what Perrier is doing on YouTube? Not what I'd expect from a mineral water. 
 More than you could hope to learn about James Bond's drink choices. "Shaken, not stirred." 
 ...and here's the link 
 Intelligentsia's pimped out La Marzocco makes a cappuccino. Just making sure  has seen this.
 This weather is perfect for streaming the new Bon Iver album. 
 GIRAFFES!!! 
 Zoo brew with  ( Zoo Brew at Blank Park Zoo) 
 Thanks for the free espresso  Congratulations on fixing the machine. 
 Anyone in DSM know a good bday restaurant? Sombreros? Free dessert?
 Happy Birthday  If only you were still tweeting...
 Throwing a hat in the DSM pizza ring with  
 Site analytics show the search "giraffe abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz" led someone to Giraffe Creative's website. how's THAT for SEO?
 I earned the Jack's Mannequin Fan sticker on  
 I'm a Fan of Jack's Mannequin on  
 Catching up with  Perfect evening.
 Vote for  for the Pepsi Refresh project! 
 Trying Google Voice for voicemails on my phone. Voice-to-text hardly does its job, but at least it's entertaining.
 Any artist or audio enthusiast want these? Blue 12" subs that don't work. Great parts for robot. DM me if interested. 
 There's a pro version of the Countdown widget? What does that do? These questions keep me up at night...
 I'm stuck in the groove with Jack's Mannequin on  
 Updated my iTunes. Deleted 98 Degrees, kept N'Sync. Also kept Big Willie Style and Willennium.
 Top apps: MySpace and RealPlayer. Am I right?
 Learning the official rules of Bocce ball. Punto pallino! 
 WI golf. ( Tagalong Golf & Resort) 
 I earned the Jack's Mannequin on Tour sticker on  
 Crafting  
 Eyes on the prize. Dog loves egg mcmuffin. 
 Just updated some tracks on SoundCloud I had kept secret for awhile. For anyone interested: 
 ATTN: Bon Iver fans. Here are DL links for the 10 best covers. Including a cover of "Your Love" by The Outfield. 
 Yessss. ( White Castle) 
 Just noticed this banker is mayor of the bank on  Awesome.
  I have no probrom with that. Let's confirm this mater. (It's tough to speak with YouTube comment grammar.)
 Dad: did you see Jack Flash talking about Kung Fu Panda on Jimmy O'Brien last night?
 I earned the Thor Box Office sticker on  
 Salmon! This thing is huge. x2  
 I wash my laundry like Tron. Light cycle.
  Microwave?
 Thanks for the responses   and  Sarcasm from  is also appreciated.
 Dad just got an iPad. Now playing Angry Birds with my mom. Don't worry, I'll make dinner.
 Quick   question: Can you use a 3G ipad 2 w/o a data plan?
 Simon Pegg is strikingly similar to Eminem. A movie should take advantage of this.
 The world didn't end! +2 points on 
   RT  she
  Yes I have! Love it.
 Mom: Wi-fi just came out didn't it? Like last month?
 Let the check-ins begin. ( Mall of America w/ 16 others) 
 I apologize on behalf of 25th street to  It ate another bike.
 Someone tried to break into my Facebook house. Time to change the locks.
 Thx  for no service in the electronics dept., giving me time to rethink my purchase. Also, sorry to  and 
 Pecha Kucha. ( Des Moines Social Club w/  
 RT  Year ago arrived in London w/      for experience of a lifet ...
 Falcore never looked so FLY. Neverending Story anyone?  via 
 Post  move-in pizza with   ( Gusto Pizza Co. w/  
 I'm the Guru of Now, Now Every Children on  
 WSJ reports TV ad spending in 2010 was higher than 2008, while other traditional media decline.
 I should have probably put this picture on that tweet. 
 Hyvee has  specials! Just got a bag of some new Snickers squares. Clever. 
 I just unlocked the "Century Club" badge on  
 Genius juice. Brain Toniq is fuel for  This stuff is good! 
  students are doorbusting the library. That's dedication 
  coffee schedule. Cooling off with  $.91 Americano. ( Mars Cafe w/  
 Here's hoping Arnold Schwarzenegger can keep you cool today. Here are his Mr. Freeze puns, 
 Skype and Microsoft means the Kinect just got awesomer.
 A kid is talking Zelda with the barista at  It feels like a 50's movie. True soda fountain experience. Bar stools and milkshakes.
  How's the cloud?
 Yes! RT  Finals special! Students! Get a free refill of  coffee w/purchase of a brewed coffee for here.
 This printer cartridge WILL make it through 
 Morgan Spurlock continues attempts to finance POM Wonderful Presents: The Greatest Movie Ever Sold with Hyat… (cont) 
 Fact: I haven't used my iPod in approx. 3 months. Thanks Last.fm and Amazon Cloud Player 
 Ate the ears off my big chocolate bunny. Might last me 'til July!
  It's finals week. Do you still do study tables?
 I'm at The Gateway Church (1011 Locust Street, 10th Street, Des Moines) 
 Found your friends!  
 To Fella! 
  Thanks for the help!
 Racquetball with  ( Bell Center) 
   High Five Friday to you too! My parents loved it and can now relate to the Gusto goodness.
 My  thinks it has a voicemail, but it doesn't. Can't remove the notification. Help?
  I pick up change every chance I get, no matter condition or denomination.
 Spotted:  truck outside House of Bricks. 
 Gusto for starters. Thanks for the quick responses! ( Gusto Pizza Co.) 
 Ok Des Moines, my parents are in town and we are hungry. Dinner suggestions...GO!
 Mr. Hudson is the male Adele with autotune and drum loops. 
  Win. Thanks for trying!
   +  
 I can tell it's the end of the day because all of my batteries are dying.
 It's like when Buzz saw himself on T.V. in Toy Story. 
 ATTN:  students The bookstore has a Foursquare special! Check-in w/3+ friends & sell $50 of books for $10 extra cash back!
 RT  Guess who's coming to the  today?  RSVP NOW for her live chat & acoustic set!  ...
  Where'd you find 12 more internships?
  Thanks!
 Just updated Giraffe Creative's Facebook page. Have you met our new mascot? 
 Back to my tree. Doing some work in the sun  
 If you are planning on buying Doritos today, don't try Pizza flavor. It's cheaper to get Ramen seasoning and discount corn chips.
 RT  BLUE TEAM WINS!!!  Best week ever!  Thanks to everyone who voted and thanks to my awesome team    ...
 New Dodge Charger ad: Leader of the Human Resistance 
 Forgot I follow  I guess the Glukkons have been hogging my Twitterfeed.
 Client video is a success. Thanks     and the team!
 Those shoes go great with Skrillex.
 Using the original Sims soundtrack for my Economics video. "Build1" or "Buy3?"
 Now is not the time 
 RT  Finally found Osama, huh? Guess he had an iPhone after all...
  Al Jazeera
 Yes. ( Kum & Go w/   
 iPhone commercial tagline: "If you don't have an iPhone, then you don't have an iPhone." Yep.
 Watch out for the Litter Critter    
  One's waking up and one's going to bed. Goodnight 
 I earned the Must List Level 2 sticker on  
 I am watching Fight for Your Right Revisited   
 I'm broadcasting "Relays block party!" live on  Come watch and chat! -  (10:58pm)
 I'm at Court Avenue Block Party (court avenue, Des Moines) 
 Oh hey  happy relays! 
 It's amazing to see  doing big things. Yeah, we went to the same middle school. 
 Wearing TOMS and dress socks. Is this a fashion don't?
 Got the Sky Sailing album through  Prime. 2-day shipping and still cheaper than digital download. 
 Beastie's back 
 Morning with  ( Mars Cafe) 
 Stir fry with  
  halves attendance in Business Law. Leads to 15pt. pop quiz. Glad I'm here 
 RT  We think we have a pretty good Foursquare special. Make sure to check in to take advantage: 
  All credit on Belle Brigade is due to  Glad you like it!
 Watching  and doing some media planning. Both of us are deciding what to do with TV advertising.
 Analytics show definite search benefits for Giraffe Creative from the Lap Giraffe craze. No pain...no pain  
 Run  free yourself from costumes and clothes! 
 Ok I'm back up on my grind. ( Mars Cafe w/   
 I am glad  is now aware of my previous life as a music sensation. It only took a last.fm and myspace profile to prove it.
 Ustreamed Easter for Lindsay and  all the way out in California. I love technology.
 I'm broadcasting "Easter broadcast!" live on  Come watch and chat! -  (1:24pm)
 Just hid the  eggs for my parents to find. Turning the tables this year.
 Jersey Boys with the family. ( Orpheum Theatre) 
 I'm convinced iMovieHD is better than iMovie '09
 Drivers license photo. Almost 21! ( DMV Eagan) 
 Getting trashy on Earth Day by reducing waste.  would be proud! 
 All that's left. Eco-friendly! 
 Video shoot on site! ( Elektro Assemblies) [pic]: 
 I've just broadcasted a video. Please watch it now!  (11:52pm)
 I'm broadcasting "boxing for the video shoot. " live on  Come watch and chat! -  (11:00pm)
 Prepping for the client video tomorrow. Thinking outside the box with   and  
  Haha I'm favoriting that tweet. Hopefully we'll be alive long enough for me to enjoy it.
  A cop asked me today "have you seen this boy?" He showed me a picture of you.
 Receiving small shocks in my ears from earbuds breaks concentration. 
 RT  Gusto now has a Foursquare special! Free fountain drink with every entree purchase!
 MacBook battery health dropped 34% today. I guess that's what happens after 1100+ cycles...
 Evaluating the benefits of listing classes in my  info. under education. Nice system, but beneficial?
  Thanks!
  should have a group on LinkedIn.
 Just doing some econ homework with ketchup & mustard. Getting a lot of weird looks. 
 Group project with seniors debating effectiveness of enlarged periods vs. narrow margins. 
 And by "tobacco" I mean "Tobasco"  also got  for $9.99 thx to 
 Impulse groceries are never a good idea. What can I make with doritos, frosted flakes and tobacco? 
 Now would be the perfect time to take a motorcycle, attach it to a jet and fly it into a mountain, but I can't find  
  The answer was 
 Thanks  and  for your unanimous opinion!
 Anyone know a DSM restaurant with a good salad?
  study tables with  
 Sitting in my room and listening to music. Just sitting. I like it.
 Off-brand? Maybe, but I do like  
 I earned the Explorer sticker on  
 Thrifty college living makes a thermos a tea pot.
 ...because Tasty Taco was closed ( Subway) 
 I earned the Scream 4 Opening Weekend sticker on  
 I earned the Opening Week sticker on  
 RT   RT    "
  for a day. I am an importer. 
 DG formal with  and  ( Holiday Inn Downtown w/  
 Free coffee  and $0.15 found in seat cushion makes me a venture cafetalist.
   
 Record day with  ( ZZZ records w/  
 Setting up with   ( Belize Dance Marathon) 
 I just unlocked the "4sqDay 2011" badge on  
 Congratulations to  make  proud. 
 Buttered popcorn! RT:  Jelly belly guessing game on the bus ride home. Black licorice is awful. Thanks 
 Banquet ceremony with  I'm excited to see how this all turns out. Great job everyone in  
  popped the question, won't hear back til tonight. Something in their eyes said it will be a beautiful relationship.
 Mid-pitch tweet: Proposing soon. Hope they say yes!  
 Pitch day. ( Country Club Plaza w/ 2 others) 
 I just unlocked the "Real Housewife" badge on  
 I just unlocked the "Fashionista" badge on  
 I just unlocked the "Bravo Newbie" badge on  
 Good find  "Kanye West’s First Beats Mixtape" 
 Hanging with  honored to be accompanying the mayor. ( Mars Cafe w/ 3 others) 
  website is looking good in preparation for the  Dance Marathon! 
  Thanks! (CC:       )
  My bad, Happy Birthday! Your followers should  for you or wear one to your party!
 RT  Topanga is trending and tomorrow we leave for  Life is good.
 Great things   is selling scarves to help ex child prostitutes. Check it out! 
 ...More? RT "And much MUCH"
 Just updated to RockMelt 2. This is niiiiice.
 Can't wait for dioramas! Coolest creative sesh yet with    and  
 ...and by that I meant Beastie Boys in East Village. Shift became Enter and Enter is Send.
  So true. Bumpin' Beasties (Beastie Boys in the Easties downtown today.
 TIP: Do you manage a Facebook fan page? Claim the username at 
 Let's go  RT  Wish our advertising seniors good luck.  competition is in four days!
 "You know what the Midwest is? Young and restless..." College Dropout: 
   I heard you have $5 carry-out pizzas. Is this true?
 My arm fell asleep watching 127 Hours. This just got real.
 Apparently egg drop soup at China Place is sometimes substituted with 6 sweet and sour sauces. I wish this trade was discussed first.
 Deciding on music for the weather, I was leaning towards acoustic folk. I settled on the Beastie Boys 
   used with dog food billboard. Check-in and the ad dispenses dog food! 
 Pitch team needs food! ( Gusto Pizza Co.) 
  It was Scrillex. Haters gonna hate.
 Just danced to   headphones disco. The pros of hiring European DJs!
  provides unique insight on car shopping through Brandtube 
 Thanks  for the Iowa shout-out on Register & Kelly this morning! Looking to join the Iowa Yacht Club?
   
 I just ousted Rick F. as the mayor of Subsect Skate Shop on  
 Smartphoners, what's your favorite app?
 The rules of  state it shall not be cooked after 10PM and not enjoyed until after 12AM.
 RT  RT this for a chance to win: "I want to win 2-day passes to  on July 2-3 to see Girl Talk, Galactic & more: http:// ...
 Learning about Tulip Mania and moral hazard in Econ. Good thing I saw the last Wall Street movie. 
  Here are some recent platform stats on SM  and here's some on importance of interaction 
  shouldn't you be sleeping?   What do you want to know?
 When wearing headphones in a group of strangers, recite elementary phrases while holding them and making a face of  intense concentration.
 Question for  or  What are these stars on Old Main and why are thy only on the right? 
  and I did the same. It's good to know someone else uses Agora! 
 SpreadGiraffe Love! RT    Photos: Giraffe Born at    
 Saving my GPA with  ( Smokey Row Coffee w/   
 Jimmy Fallon & Steven Colbert sing "Friday" (via  ) Note the QR man at 3:30 
 Salvation Army is having a 50% off sale today and Saturday!
 Lost my car keys between parking and going to the meter. Searched and retraced, found them in the door.
 Gmail Motion. Motion-controlled email. This is incredible! 
 I need Sriracha! Frozen pizzas aren't the same without it. Hyvee in Windsor Heights should consider carrying it.
  perfecting this pitch. Have to move cars again to avoid tickets. ( Meredith Hall) 
 RT  The ground has been broken in Punta Gorda!   (cc:    ...
 I have 130 people who know where I'm at most of the time thanks to  Safety in numbers?
 RT  'Mad Men': Season 5 airing in 2012 | Inside TV | EW.com 
 Great song to bike to class in this weather. 
  launched a new cloud storage system for music and files. 5 free GB here plus Google and Dropbox? I feel like I'm clipping coupons.
 I just ousted  as the mayor of IV Man Cave on  
 An App Store review of Color sounds better than the app itself. 
 RT  more time
   follow them and go to their site. You won't be disappointed.
 I earned the Opening Week sticker on  
 don't do what I just did.   
 Talking  with  ( Big City Burgers and Greens w/  
 Kinecting with  and  courtesy of  
 Speed networking with Keanu Reeves and Sandra Bullock. If my business card count falls below 3... ( Olmsted Center) 
 Fun fact: The Pepsi girl (Hallie Eisenberg) is actually Jessie Eisenberg's (The Social Network) sister.
  Agreed, Colors.xxx looks so awesome. Can't wait for the beta.  
 According to   is most influential about   and Demonoid - 
 Listening to last.fm with the Kinect. Next track by saying, "Xbox, next." I like this.
 This is awesome! Mini giraffe cam on Russian giraffe farm   via  
 Listening to  rock the airwaves on   
 Unsubcription choices for Adobe newsletter are: clicking a link , email, or MAILING a request to unsubscribe. Something for everybody!
 When did "folders" become "collections" in Google docs? Now I'm trying to collect them all and it's getting cluttered.
 I earned the Globe Trotter(25) sticker on  
   FTW! 
  Happy Monday!
 Thanks  for the  swag and  for spreading the word.
  Fifteen dollars as of February. 
 ATTN:   users, any issues with venues that need fixing? (i.e. duplicate, incorrect info., new venues?)
 Drooling over  new custom bass guitar built by Drake Custom Bass 
   Does Blue Horseshoe still love Anacott Steel?
 Turns out there are no good results for searching "Mandy Moore  on YouTube.
 The closest you will ever get to feeling like Tron. 
 ...and dinner at High Life Lounge.
  called me out on being  Drinking tea  Iron & Wine  in a cardigan & v-neck. Frolfing later.
 Back from break. Afternoon tea with  ( Mars Cafe) 
  Twitter! I'm impressed. I used Hootsuite, but Twitter is easier on your battery life.
 Thanks for the   hopefully everyone follows you already. Also,    
 Giraffe Creative is making t-shirts! DM me if you're interested in this rare, collector apparel.
 New  specials still baffle employees. I swear it's legit.
 Have you seen our FRESH new website? 
 4 people. All you can eat sushi. Mission accomplished. 
 Nom Nom Nom. ( Kyoto Sushi & Hibachi) 
 Michael C. Hall always sounds like he's about to cry.
  I haven't broken it yet. Not even Angry Birds. I'm simply watching.
   is in the   game for  Not sure which hashtag is most popular.
 Uh...winning! 
 I earned the Must List Level 1 sticker on  
 I earned the The Celebrity Apprentice Candidate 2 sticker on  
 My grandpa just tweeted on his 80th birthday! 
  thank you for answering so fast , I really am missing you. Hope you are having a great time waiting for you to come back. -POP
 You can share birthdays on  too.  
 Give to help those in need. World Vision: Japan Quake and Tsunami Relief 
   
  I saw you in Parade Magazine today! Way to represent Des Moines!
 Sears was behind Jessie J on SNL!? UK fashions only at Sears. Interesting.
 Jessie J on SNL!
 Wonka commercial during Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory. 
 Watching Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps.  cameo. Michael Douglas: "What are you up to now?" Sheen: "Uh... 
 When it comes to clothes, Target means "doesnt fit"  
 Photo shoot in the sculpture garden with  aka  follow it!
 RT  THE BOOK IS DONE! Yay!           ...
     did someone say design?
 Tea tip: When it comes to Oolong you can never re-use it for too long. It is best on the 3rd or 4th cup.  
  You are my hero.
 RT  I like this best buy commercial as well. Mainly because it's so true. 
 I'm the Guru of Drake University on  
 RSVP'd for the Superuser  Meet-up (remote unfortunately)  via 
  Specials updates for venue managers. 
 I'll be dreaming about this tonight. Can't wait for the buzz tomorrow.  has changed for the better!
 I stayed up for the release of the new  update. Just installed 
 Here for the show. Imogen Heap's "hide and seek" on ukelele.  ( Mars Cafe w/ 2 others) 
 Foursquare 3.0 release late tonight. This is exciting! Foursquare Blog: 
 Jen Aniston teaches you everything you need to know about viral marketing. 
 My apt. Doesn't have recycling. If only I had  to help me out! 
 Behance.net is a very impressive portfolio platform for creatives. I encourage creative  students to investigate.
  Finally! Congrats!
 Nice job  Everyone should check out the new music video! 
 RT  This afternoon we sent out beta access to over 200 people who had requested it!  Make your request at vineme.com http:/ ...
 Euro trip reunion minus the Marquette crew. ( Sbrocco) 
  Very well. It went long, I learned a lot and had fun. I'll let you know when I get the results. Thanks again for your advice!
 Clouds rolling in. Looks like a brainstorm. ( Smokey Row Coffee w/  
  that's an interesting idea. I like that better.
 It started out great and I liked hearing about the movement, but I didn't care as much about MBW.
  very interesting and well done. I didn't know anything on street art, but now appreciate the Andre sticker by my house.
 I'm watching "Exit Through the Gift Shop"  
 I'm convinced Apple Facetime only exists in a world where you're always missing a birthday.
 Emoticons effective in Email? Isn't that unprofessional? Apparently not. 
 To avoid catching Mac fever, I will be refraining from Twitter at noon until further notice.
 I'm watching Mad Men. You know, the one with the lawn mower.
 It takes a certain special something to eat the Buttered Popcorn flavored Jelly Belly.
 I have never seen a squirrel on a powerline until now. This is entertainment.
 Back on track to  ( The Giraffe Room) 
 Lunch with  ( China Place) 
 RT  RT  What can the new dance craze "Move it Like Bernie" teach you about marketing? Plenty. Read on! http:// ...
  Congratulations!
 
 Not watching the Oscars. Am I missing anything?
 My textbook asks "Are We Headed for a Cashless Society?" Will  be on the test?
 Who says QR Codes have to be boring?: 
 High demand for creme brulee coffee with high supply of econ studying to do  ( Smokey Row Coffee) 
 Thinking about crossing something off my bucket list tonight. Has anyone seen "The Way Back?"
 I learned a lot today. Definitely an enjoyable experience.
 Interview today! ( Fallon Worldwide) 
 Tater tot Hot Dish  
 Thanks!  
 I'm at Minnesota / Iowa border (Worth) 
 Burger King. Is. The. Best.
 Heading home to MN. Big interview tomorrow!
 Who's on the landing page for www.fashism.com? 
