 Weightwachers update. Another 3.2lb lost. Down a total of 15.8lb.
 I just got one of the first  accounts in the US. Click here to check if you are also eligible for one. 
 I'm sorry  it seems that  knows me a little better.
  It's a pleasure, thanks for the Social Meida/Banking lunch earlier in the week!
 Another nail in the  business coffin: 
 RT  Get Your Free Copy of Who Moved My Cheese from Myappsanywhere - 
 Back at  after a short hiatus while we moved. Another 1.2lb down, total of 13lb.
  Did I reply to this?  If not, then the answer was yes!
 RT  circumcision ban growing in CA. hard to believe. need many intelligent responses. need to hear all your voices
 Looking for a  solution for Outlook.  Whatchathink?
 RT  dearest  why oh why are kindle books MORE expensive than paperbacks. Bits are (almost) free. Paper & shipping is not
  yes please.
  Do you know any local and skilled wordpress designers?
 hi  the linkedin link on your website is broken. Was trying to connect - am in need of a custom WP template.
 Looking for a custom  solution... US based designers, please hit me up!
  Seems to work for me:  It's not the best looking design but works. Try  too
 Do UNICEF have a spare $185k to spend on a custom TLD? Seems so:  Shouldn't that $ be spent on children?
 Re-living  presenting to co-workers in 90 mins.
  That's why I email rather than airmail ;)
   It's a good time to be a journalist ;)
   Thank you to both of you.
  I take that back, it's a blog post and I found it.  
  back in KC and reviewing notes. You recommended I read a book called EC=MC, do you the author's name? Can't find a link.
  i complined to  corporate and waiting for a resolution.
 Overwhelmed with excitement for our move on Sunday. What a year it has been. Can not wait to get home to Kansas City!
  Always host with  Unless at gunpoint, no exceptions to this rule.
  Green Lantern.
 RT  The National Weather Service has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Watch for KC area including Johnson county until 5 a.m.
  We should hang it some time too. You, me, my wife, we'd cook up a storm! In Kansas anytime soon?
 An early happy 40th to  for Saturday. You share a bd with my Mum. See you for our flight on Sunday!
 Deep fried jalepeno peppers.... mistake.
  in  refused my ad match, when i showed mngr policy online he said "why would they say that?" 
 Its moving week... flying sunday, get the keys thursday and parying  the truck gets in before the weekend. Dog and car to follow.
  Skype? or freeconferencecall.com
  Our recruiter will be emailing you.  Thanks bud!
 $40 for three apples and three pears, seriously?  
  need voice and vid or jusr voice?
 Downside of working from home. Sunburn.
  or connect you with out corporate recruiter?  Which would your prefer? 
  can I email you a job description for your job board? 
  Will be sure to represent 
  I'm moving next week, considering Netflix/Hulu+ over cable.
 RT  The Toilet Paper Emergency: The Best Use Of Twitter Yet - 
 Try combining  with  - I just got 12 bowls from Brylan Home and paid $7 inc shipping.  Thanks!
  if only that wasn't my wife's birthday!  Next time.
  man, thats how they say in business!
  is gaming/sex/booze one activity or three?
  iTunes. Hands down.
  seems hard to believe, based on my own behavior with mobile ads 
  Very kind of you, it'll be very valuable!
 Continuing the  experience with  and Marketing Automation
 Lunchin' and Learnin' with  
  Great meeting you and sure looking forward to the 1pm.
 Awesome breakout on B2B SEO by  at  I am inspired as a result. Thank you!
 Good morning  looking forward to hearing more  from you at 
  Morning!
 RT  In the ballroom with  waiting for the opening Keynote by  Should be a great day at 
  Well said.
 RT  The Social Media World Before Twitter And Facebook [Infographic] - 
  good morning! It scares me that our days are getting started at the same time and I am two hrs behind you.
  some kids are ready sooner than later, our 16mnth boy wants to use the potty and we weren't thinking of training yet.
  lol. Amen to that. Our queen would not be proud.
  how's you? Its been a while.
  those  guys can be really friendly, but when they are stressed, man, they don't hide it! Enjoy your flight.
 What would your next hardware purchase be, chromebook or ipad2?
 RT  If you check ur FB/Twitter first thing daily, here is a job for you in    
 I spent four hours driving today and covered less than 50 miles. Exhausted.
 RT  Wise Guy Whispers is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    
  My aunt gave me a bottle of that for my last birthday. I fear she had it that long!
 Interesting stats on Email clients  via  
  I was trying to argue against that point just a few minutes ago.  I guess Outlook still grows.
  That's the most Canadian thing I have heard all month.
  Was it fun?  Where are you flying to?
 Listening to a convo about QR codes at  and how ppl do/don't like them.  Thought of  & 
 OH  "Social Media should not run our company, we should run social media." 
 OH  "We are enthusiasts first, we are always learning." 
 Great meeting you  at  today.  Loved your workshop.
  Sounds like a good way to go!
 Got my movie tix thanks to  and  but what's playing? 
 RT  How To: Make A Copy Of Your Key In 60 Seconds - 
   Thinking male and female circumcision are comparable simple invalidates your opinion on this topic. 
 Two  Tickets for $9!   
 Who is in town for 
  will be back for more with that second car too!
 Back in LAX, thank you 
  Done! Thanks for my new policy!
 How long must a delay be before I can ask about compensation, 
  not yet, plan to.  Is there  a movers/renters combo I can opt for?
 Hi  I have auto insurance from you - do you offer relocation/moving insurance?
  star better loose Penny or the network may as well switch off. 
 I have a love-hate relationship with  at this point. Looking forward to Next Star Premier on Sunday.
  week 3, down another 0.6lb, still losing! Total weightloss - 11.8lb!
  Is there a known issue with your checkout at the moment?
  I'll be at OMS - It's the KC event I'll be missing.  See you at 
   Oh man... I am in LA ahead of  - wish I was here.
 Any thoughts of a favorite Document Library  for 
 Another long week of long distance begins.
   Loss?  Never met a soul who regrets their circumcision.
  preaching to the converted.
  amen. Even more so for email addresses.
  Got your voicemail, was at a movie. Talk tomorrow or are evenings better?
  we step clearly not going to agree. Don't expect to have an easy ride pushing a minority and racist agenda.
 Congrats on your new role,  I'd heard MM was out of business, pleased that is not the case. Enjoy!
  You are welcome your extremist views but don't force them on me or my family.
  try 
  i wonder if they have an.environmental policy!
  genital mutilation is not part of raising a child. correct. circumcision is not mutilation therefore you have no argument.
   circumcision is not mutilation. It is not a violent. You can not legitimately compare to amputation.
  ..the point us that parents get to choose how their kids are raised. Don't circumcise YOUR kid if you don't like it.
  parents make decisions for their kids. I'd argue that formula feeding for convenience is damaging in the long run. ..
  There is nothing about my circumcision or my sons that was violent.My preschool reference highlights the fact that...
  If you want to stop child sexual abuse I'll march with you. If you want to incite racism & bigotry you should be jailed 
  If you resent your upbringing get therapy, don't intrude on the rights of good parents to get even for YOUR circumcision.
  Were your rights violated when you didn't choose your preschool too? Sounds like childhood issues fuel your campaign?
  I love that.movie but we ate warily close to that.
 RT  Why I won't join 4-square: Because the retinal scan-based advertising is the scariest part of Minority Report.
  Can't wait!!
  To think you see preventing religious freedom as a "cause" is comparable to Nazi Germany.
  female circumcision causes irreparable damage. Male circumcision does not inhibit sexual activity.
  I flew to LA for a week with two.
   I could argue that prime time TV is more  emotionally scaring than  circumcision. Do we ban cable in SanFran?
   you can not compare male circumcision to genital mutilation. This ordeal in San Fran is absurd.
  week two - down 2lb! Total weightloss 11.2lb.
 It begins.  I love re-designs.  Watch this space for some awesome new web design projects.
 RT  Impossible to have a conversation with someone who still claims there was a massacre in Jenin. Even the Arabs admitted there ...
 Watching  to keep my wife happy, even tho she'd rather have an ipad than see me! 
  I have some pre-purchase questions - where can I send them to?
 Cathedral Rocks, Jones Beach, Kiama, NSW, Australia (1265) - Yegor Korzh :: Travel Photography  via 
  Man!  AWESOME SHOT!
 RT  RT  The root of the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians is not about the '67 lines.   ...
  You have a source for that?  Let's add democracy, justice, and drive for peace to bring some balance to your list.  
  When I lived that many floors away from my laundry, I found a pickup/delivery service.
  Service & Quality.  Service first.
 Looking forward to following  best wishes to all those that are attending.
 Just lost my  virginity - Best. Haircut. Ever.
  Just Thunderstorms today.
  Enjoy!! Happy weekend!
  Sun?  What's that like? ;)
 RT  Gain Competitive Advantage with Myappsanywhere - 
 Bad news for   
  will keep you in mind, thanks.
 Awesome - QT   Temperature: 
 RT  Very glad I'm alive, but still would like to have slept longer.... Morning all :)
 Seriously, I want to be as cool as that  monkey.
  Need a local vendor for a project just like that (psd->html->WP)
  changed my life.  Love those guys.
  Where are you located?
  Thank you!
  No worries, DM sent.
  Pls follow me so I can DM you.
 RT  Why Half-Baked Marketers Are Ruining Twitter |  | via  <so true!>
  Google are getting more involved with PPC - they called me and are setting up an acc for me.
  week one. Lost 9.2lb!! Rock on!!
 QT  Seagate Barracuda 1TB Low Power Hard Drive and CA Online Backup Bundle at for $29.99 
    i listen daily, but will be in-flight to LA that day. Will you record?
  it was exciting for a little while there... where u at the game too?
  my realator? She's *awesome* but always late.
  Sounds just like my day. Which marketing automation routes are you considering?
  my buddy is the manager there. btw, I hear your coming to Kansas, where do I get tix?  need a Shabbat meal here?
 I love this city! 
 Go 
  It's been a while since I saw 
  has Three Elite Memberships (worth $288 each) to Medialoot to giveaway, RT for a chance to win
 End of day 1 on weightwatchers and points to spare!
 RT  Another  coming your way - Gain Competitive Advantage with The  
     Thanks for the mention!
 Learn everything about marketing ROI and industry research in  upcoming webinar The Science of Analytics 
 just closed a deal in 1 minute on EchoSign e-Signature solution 
 just integrated my EchoSign e-Signature account with Twitter 
 On the phone with Google.
 Google called me today. Yes, Google.
 Skype + Microsoft?  Really?
 Music on... powering thru.  <dnd>
 Oh mailchimp... I love you so, but why is setup taking all day!
 Pretty sure I'll never spend a penny with Template Monster again. I sound like a bitter old man but it's true.
 RT  $499.99 : HP Pavilion 17.3” Entertainment Laptop with Blu-ray 
  I think I'll live - it's not THAT show that made me an  fan.
 The PPC waiting game...
  Jump Around by House of Pain on   
 Working out while watching food network. A winning combo.
 I love my job.
 Dinner with my family!  
   Try get your
 Loving VH1's One Hit Wonders of the 90s. Yes... the 90s re that long gone! What IF god was one of us? Hmm...
 Oh weekend... Welcome.
  I don't seem to have the DM.
  Thanks for the reply. Pls can you DM contact info?
 Looking to connect with someone in bizdev at Vistaprint... anyone able to make an intro?
 My new favorite  plug-in:  Copy Plain Text. Thank you 
 Have a feeling my latest career move may have been my best ever.
  certainly doesn't seem as sophisticated!
 What is the 140 character "lorem ipsum" for the digital age?
 Wife and baby are flying  without me, plane is departing. Any way to get her a gin & tonic to help her relax?
 RT  "Should My Company Move to the Cloud?" See why the cloud is safe, despite Amazon's recent outage 
 Steak & ale pie is ready. Chuck roast is marinating. All is good.
 Of course we love the house we saw yesterday, it is $100k above our budget! 
   You seem to endorse both PerkStreet and CCUSA, which should would be a better move for a checking account?
  a fair balance.  
 How do you balance "speak like your audience" and avoid overusing acronyms?  
 checking out the  webinar by 
  more often than not!
     I cook often, tonight was basket and potatoes.
 Very happy with my new Ford Fusion thanks to Tim at  in 
 Getting dirty with PPC and loving it!
  thanks for the intro!
  Thanks for the Welcome, would live to meet.
  how's you daughter feeling?
 Still more than I'd pay for a Kindle.  I still enjoy libraries tho.
 completed his food and exercise diary for 04/11/2011 and was under his calorie goal 
 QT  Paypal Is About To Get A Bruising From Facebook And Square 
 completed his food and exercise diary for 04/10/2011 and was under his calorie goal 
 Great cabin crew on  tonight but the pilot didn't inspire me with confidence. Tired perhaps?
   'nuff  said.
  will look at the site. Am on the way to car rental. Will call adapt. Love you x.
  a girl! tres cool. thought you were having a boy. You guys are the quintessential family now!  Sending 160 characters of love.
 Moving to Kansas tomorrow.  Yes, for real.  I am moving to Kansas, tomorrow!
  so proud! Joyce? Contracts. wish we were there to join your joy.
  Mazal Tov!!!! Homebirth?
  funny!  I hear that.
  I can see that making sense.  Didn't NATO promise something that is harder to deliver than planned?
 Doing that thing where I mute my music and sit with silent earphones in my ear for three hours without realizing.
  Thanks.  Send love to all at your end.
 Proud that  are taking steps to lead the way with Google's High Speed plans: 
  we are all doing well, moving to Kansas next week so lots of transition going on here. Sorry to hear about your tooth.
 RT  RT  RT:  List of crowdsourcing projects on Wikipedia: please complete it with your knowledge http ...
 RT  So  asked if designers should be able to code. Our forum is discussing whether sales people should too -  ...
 completed his food and exercise diary for 04/07/2011 and was under his calorie goal 
  is that home? I live fifteen mins away, until Sunday, that is.
 dinner at   and a free ipod touch. not a bad night out with my love.
  da da da! bow www. yeeey!
  brekfep?
 Is emailing a tweet comparable to faxing a letter?
 RT   Pain Rating: 
 awesome looking deal RT  ASUS ML239H 23" Backlit LCD Monitor for $209.99 + free shipping 
  I just read that with a Hebrew accent.  My own moment of nostal-giah too.
 List of Free Online Checking Accounts 
 RT  Passwords are like underwear. Change yours often, don’t share with friends, be mysterious and don’t leave them lying around.
  you awake out East?
  This time I am at Glatt Mart on Pico!
  didn't notice you'd been following me, thanks for the follow.  How's it going?
 RT  Live From Facebook HQ: A New Approach To Data Centers  by 
 RT  Give praise in private AND in public. My favorite: Recognizing team members in front of their spouse or parents.
   so it's all about placement, good for additional info i.e. complimenting an email sig. Bad as avatar replacement.
 Ended yesteray 600 calories below my target. Lets see how day two goes 
  where?
  thanks. Good times.
  need to assess my blogging strategy, want to return to tech bloging but right now my blog is parenting-focused. Time to rethink.
  welcome.
 nice job on the improved  driod app. Much better!
 Realized that I have worked with  in 3 SEO environments over 4 yrs, for better and for worse! Long may our work continue.
 sorry we didn't connect today,  my bad.
  noticed you liked the QR avatar &  missed my pic. Interesting. Is a QR a CTA these days or not? Blog post brewing...
  I move to KC next week, working for  which may explain how I found you. Where was home in the UK?
  big post by  New blog post - Making Ideas Happen:  - clearly a wise woman speaking!
  Nice.  I can't find my copy of season 1!
  good job!
  do you have a customer service email address?   I have a question regarding a credit toward a flight that I have not used.
 Fingers crossed for  on my  flight on Sunday!
  Interview?
 RT  NetStandard Inc. Hosts Newly Formed Rosedale Business Stakeholders Group  
  I too am an photographer, English and like beer.  Are you KC based too? Nice site. Like your work.
 Three days.  Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
  Guilty as charged, but Amen.
  I don't hate pelephone, perhaps b/c it's the only network I have not been a customer of.
  Get my email?  Not heard from you.
 I know, I know.  I need to stop talking about diapers.
 So frustrated... how do diapers do this to me?
  better pic?
 Feeling let down by  and blogging again -  
 Time to merge my  account.  I am a Dad here too.
  I'm being told that One Day Shipping means my diapers will be here on Friday.  It's Tuesday.
  Ah yes, I need to switch back, was supporting my buddy's startup with the QR code: 
  can you replicate the 30% discount I get on  subscribe and save for 7th Gen Size 5?
 Why do my  "subscribe & save" diapers ALWAYS get lost or come late?  Nothing else, just the time sensitive diapers.
  Has anyone ever mentioned that you share the best content?
  Welcome.  It's overwhelming sometimes!
 What SEOs Can Learn From Angry Birds On Google 
  feel better, that was me last wee.
 Could it really be time for a new computer?  I have too many expenses this year!
 RT  Wine Country, CA 
 Thanks for inspiring!   
  Awesome, thanks.
  Sat night, around 8pm. unfortunately the weekend seems to have this problem each time we are there.
  still an early stage startup but they are on to something.
  thanks. it is pretty cool. get tours at getfetchly.com
  when do you get to LA? i leave in a week.
  at least the manager is friendly and appologetic. No comp tho!
 At  in Palm Desert (El Paseo) and ONCE again half the menu is out. Not cool guys, not cool.
  dude, it has changed my digital life!
  it's not as bad as it could have been!
 RT  NetStandard quoted in WSJ:   
  me too... but i am not driving 1.5 hr to Pico for anything today. Going to Palm Desert for shabbat, sun & pool. 110 weather expected
  link?
  best chopped liver ever.
 Facebook, Zuckerberg Sued For $1 Billion After Not Removing A Page Fast Enough 
 Queue the Rick Wakeman Music - Scientists propose a 'journey to the mantle of the Earth' 
 I love Pulse on my Android phone! Check it out.  
  How do I change my CC info in my account?  I can't seem to find it anywhere.
 Now attending the weekly myAppsAnywhere "Introduction to Hosted Microsoft Dynamics" webinar. Ask me how...
   Oh to be overcharged for US imports again.
  your insights never fail me - how would you smoke a 4lb chuck roast? I'm thinking coffee/beer/bbq sauce marinade.  Thoughts?
  Is it a US check or a domestic check?  For domestic I think the fee is approx 2nis.  For US it's a fee and a commission.
 How long does it take to smoke a 4lb roast?   
  we're smoking a Brisket ahead of the game tomorrow!
  what? Is nothing historical in Jerusalem sacred?  
   I'd take a hershey  bar over Jelly Bellys any day!
 Could this be Google's subtle second attempt at social?   I like it, or should that be, I "+1" it?
 We chose a good time to move to    
  that's a show I want to hear!
  its just how the kid likes it ;-)
  didnt realize you were in SD, we've been in LA since June, leaving for the midwest soontho.
 QT   Lamp: 
  do you sell wine by the case? Can you ship to KS?
  how i love/hate time differences. Off to bed with 7 hrs till I have to deal with Wednesday!
  realization of the week - droid serves me well but the mobile itunes app store beats the mobile driod store. Only mobile tho.
  feel good. Thats been me since Friday and it sucks.
 G'night internet.  G'night SEOs.  G'night analytics.  G'night Joomla.
   not suprised, about time!
 8 Reasons SEO Audits are Needed Before Sites are Built 
  Many thank-yous!
 I'm loyal to  have been for years, but there's something about the UI that doesn't work for me.  Time for a new look?
  six hours in a tin tube in the sky is enough to make everyone hungry.  Enjoy recording, looking forward to watching!
  great article, great idea - but no link to the actual service. I feel like I could have been good at this back in the day.
  Thanks for sharing this one in particular.  I like!
   I'm in the same boat this morning.  Coffee coming right up.  Do you take cream/sugar?
 Its sad how long it's been since I cleaned my keyboard, I feel like I have a new laptop this morning!
 
  saw the 790am guys at  game tonight and realized how much they suck. I miss the show on AM.
    with coverage I have on my Sprint Droid, I miss my featureless phone on Verizon!
 RT  RT  "You are already signed in to the max number of accounts."really,  The frack do you think I am ...
 Off to the Dodgers game! 
  oh so true.  how's NY treating you?
 RT  Mazel tov! Destination bar & bat mitzvah parties a new trend - via    
  Do you have a book coming out?
 Virtual Yard Sale ahead of our move to Kansas City.     
 Hey  i need some local advice on buying a used car. Car Max and Enterprise are my leads so far.
 What's up with     
 It bothers me to see Bing running adwords campaigns.
 Blog post about   experience is brewing... I just need time to write it! I'm sure glad I'm not Jeniffer today!
  Will wifi be available on all flights in the future?  What's the timeline for implementation?
  Thanks!
 Hello awesomeness  where have you been all my life?
  Name your favorite screengrab tool (please)!
 I think my insurance broker is her own secretary, screening her own calls.  Is that possible?
  Woman murdered by Palestinian Terrorists:   
 QT  no really...rockets are falling within 15 km of tel aviv.
 Twicca - kickass app! Feedly for droid, heavenly. Slowly getting used to my new found connectivity (limited by Sprint's poor CA coverage)
  You can, and I think in some cases, you must.
 My world would be a better place if  bought 
  would love to see that. Does the high school structure of '03 exisit any more?
 PPC companies... if you want my business, don't have annoying sound fx load with your website. It's distracting and annoying.
  I include my number in the doc name too.
  isn't that a little premature?
 Switched from the official witter app to tweetdeck for droid. Still looking for the ideal app.
  where is the jnr school going to? I had no idea there was a demo/renovation going on!!
 RT  Introducing Nexus S 4G with integrated Google Voice from Sprint. Pure Google for a truly  experience. http: ...
  Thanks!
  crazy, right?!  Tell YA, he doesn't Tweet.
 I've been loyal to  for MANY years.  Today I launch my first  project.  I got to say, I am a fan. 
  there was someone at shul called "Shulia".  Happy Shushan Purim!
  Feature request for you - how about customizable default text when tweeting? I almost always change the tweet text.
  is doing a GREAT job today!  Walcott by Vampire Weekend 
  So far I am yet to be impressed by Sprint's 4G, loving the Epic tho.
  yes sir, I got your FB message, pls send me an up to date email address for you and I will reply with all the details.
 Is it too soon to update my location to   Just three weeks till the move.
 Back to to work after a celebratory w/e!  Rhode Island Is Famous for You:  
  safe travels!
 SEO Firm To Pay $770,000 For Client Selling Counterfeit Goods - 
  the combo sounds good!  Enjoy, and chag sameach.
 The time between CTRL+C and CTRL+V makes me feel like I am carrying something.  When it gets too heavy I lean on notepad.
 End of the first day of summer and I am ready for the weekend.
 Please spare a moment to mourn the Fogel Family murdered in cold blood 
  I changed a reservation and requested a refund on the excess funds.  Is there a way to check on this request?
 I'm done with   Your third second chance failed me.  I am sure I can get better quality and customer service elsewhere.
   i'd love to hear how to do that too.
 Back from 48hrs of trnquility in Palm Desert, not ready to return to reali life quite yet.
  gotta set the DVR!! 
  happy to share the feedback.
  reading Kitchen Confidential at the moment. You may be my new favorite author!
  sound goo, not much of a ketchup eater tho. Loved ur sloppy joes last season, yet to. Wife & I are big fans of Indian cooking.
  no soup, limited teas, out of Amber Ale, no sauce for Ghandi bowl. Was happy with my Hollywood Bowl in the end.
  what exciting things do you have planned for us fans this spring?
  i know that feeling all too well.
 Disappointed by the limited menu at  in Palm Desert tonight. It all tasted great in the end.
  It's amazing that every time I see a tweet about  someone is unhappy with them!  Safe travels Aarti!
 In love with   Thanks for keeping my mind focused on work and not our Tsunami warning this morning!
  if you see  send my warmest wishes!
 Just got my first Groupon deal, in KC!
 RT  "Even I get bad link requests, which is kind of like asking a cop for drugs" -   
 Social Media Lost and Found.  Love this tweet:   
 Watching my boy dance to Guns N Roses while I work... it's a good morning in California. 
 There's nothing like some successful Joomla-ing to round off the day.  Feeling satisfied and saying good night to the virtual world.
  Not to worry. Already got it!  Anything else?
 Dev dev dev...
 RT  Reflections from a Commuter Dad    
 It's official, we're moving to Kansas City! Employment secured and flights are booked (loving  at the moment).
  whats your best seller for an 18 month old boy?
 Why does it cost the same to move from Jerusalem to LA as it does to move from LA to Kansas? 
 Is there a   turning the interface "en francais", or is that just me?
 Been a whirlwind of a week, pleased to be heading home to my family.
  got yourtext. Coming to vist?
  Oh, to think I could probably get the whole project done on elance for $1.50!
  hope to see you in KC in October!
  Thanks!
 RT  Israeli device offers new promise for early breast  detection   
  Got a link for that event?
  Wha?? we just switched to reusable diapers.
 Migrating a website from Joomla to Wordpress, what's the best way to export/import blog posts?
  sign up for Klout and see how we compare! 
 Jolicloud... impressed.  
 Weightwachers update. Another 3.2lb lost. Down a total of 15.8lb.
 I just got one of the first  accounts in the US. Click here to check if you are also eligible for one. 
 I'm sorry  it seems that  knows me a little better.
  It's a pleasure, thanks for the Social Meida/Banking lunch earlier in the week!
 Another nail in the  business coffin: 
 RT  Get Your Free Copy of Who Moved My Cheese from Myappsanywhere - 
 Back at  after a short hiatus while we moved. Another 1.2lb down, total of 13lb.
  Did I reply to this?  If not, then the answer was yes!
 RT  circumcision ban growing in CA. hard to believe. need many intelligent responses. need to hear all your voices
 Looking for a  solution for Outlook.  Whatchathink?
  Oh, to think I could probably get the whole project done on elance for $1.50!
  hope to see you in KC in October!
  Thanks!
 RT  Israeli device offers new promise for early breast  detection   
  Got a link for that event?
  Wha?? we just switched to reusable diapers.
 Migrating a website from Joomla to Wordpress, what's the best way to export/import blog posts?
  sign up for Klout and see how we compare! 
 Jolicloud... impressed.  
 Weightwachers update. Another 3.2lb lost. Down a total of 15.8lb.
 I just got one of the first  accounts in the US. Click here to check if you are also eligible for one. 
 I'm sorry  it seems that  knows me a little better.
  It's a pleasure, thanks for the Social Meida/Banking lunch earlier in the week!
 Another nail in the  business coffin: 
 RT  Get Your Free Copy of Who Moved My Cheese from Myappsanywhere - 
 Back at  after a short hiatus while we moved. Another 1.2lb down, total of 13lb.
  Did I reply to this?  If not, then the answer was yes!
 RT  circumcision ban growing in CA. hard to believe. need many intelligent responses. need to hear all your voices
 Looking for a  solution for Outlook.  Whatchathink?
 RT  dearest  why oh why are kindle books MORE expensive than paperbacks. Bits are (almost) free. Paper & shipping is not
