  I'm afraid you'll have to come visit me if you want the real deal :)
  I miss you too. Come visit!
  Holy happy Chicago perfect weather My Morning Jacket DAY OFF!!!!!
  do it!
  first tweet in months. Can't wait to see you 
 I officially hate oral surgery
 and the next King of Chicago is...
 I get the feeling this is the year I will reach gold status on at least two airlines
 RT  80s music videos do NOT stand the test of time.
 This week it's Salt Lake City, next week it's San Francisco, then New Jersey first week of March. So much for my quiet first quarter.
  in Chicago? where you hear this? First a the snowpocalypse and now the plague?
  yes, everything is "nice". that window is nice. those faucets are nice. won't it be nice to live here? You'll see what I mean.
  bring back goodies from Turkey please! Started sprouting chickpeas 2nite. Still embarrassed I thought the canned ones were raw.
   I was just about to RT that
  is the show any good?
 The advances in pleather are the best thing about veganism becoming chic
 RT  THUNDERSNOW!!!  It's here!  It's like a really destructive unicorn!!
  thunder and lightning snow. it's the snowpocalypse!
 RT  Lake Shore Drive is closed. Lightning reported across the city. Part of Wrigley Field roof blown off. So how's your n ...
 How is it possible cheaters got even trashier?
 I have the best friend ever  cosmopolitician
  I ate the first of my sprouted fenugreek on my salad at lunch today. Yum!
 RT   Please RT! Friday 645AM Da Bears Suit Crew live on NBC5! Da Crew class it up w/custom 3-piece orange suits htt ...
 I think Hu Jintao just rolled up across the street from my apartment. There's fanfare, flag waving and protesting a plenty. Sirens, too.
 oh great. now that I know what bezoars are I can have nightmares about them.
  I made Bolly Cauliflower and Chicken with Cilantro and Cashew sauce tonight. It's smells all sub-continent up in here.
  wow, I would love to get a table at schwa but I have better odds at winning the Chicago mayoral race
  food pill tonight! leftover vegan kreem of brocoli soup mixed with leftover beans. not my finest work, but healthy for sure.
 maybe we should re-evaluate how mental illness is identified and treated vs blaming political rhetoric for when sick people do sick things
 From my Nana: "In your relationship, if you always see to eye-to-eye then one of you is unnecessary."
  just received my copy of 660 Curries and a sprouting jar lid :-) I can't wait to dig into this cookbook.
 RT  fuck you IL. I'm moving. I was all happy about my FICA going down and you decided to take what they gave away.
 RT  I've never been able to handle being around people that love the sound of their own voice
  have you been to The Southern yet? Their fried chicken is the sheeeeeeee-it.
  love it!
 dear Houston, I will see you at the end of this month. w00t!
  how was the tea? Too proud of self!
  this is a battle I fight every day. It's so easy to just not get dressed, especially when it's cold outside.
  creepy and visually fascinating, but I couldn't get into the characters. Worth seeing, though.
  just got back from the movie...meh. It was creepy, though.
 all right already, I'll go see friggin Black Swan. jeez.
  yum, how were the cornbread crepes?
 "Some people are only funny when they try to be serious."
 RT  Comical. The snow & the gays.  Huffpost -
 RT  Ugh. So backwards.  RT  What's your ideal weight?  We'll tell you what it is, and how  ...
  man down!!
  thanks for the tips :-)
 new xmas tradition: pasta, wine and canoli with the love of my life. it's 20-something degrees out and I couldn't be warmer.
 I'm putting whole cumin seeds in pretty much everything these days
 The problem with working from home is that you can get sucked into it on your day off. Must stop myself.
  I wish they delivered to chicago
 Every time I see the word "Facebook" I hear it pronounced in my head with the hard italian "c" so that it sounds like Fah-che-book
  oh good, I was worried. it looked bad.
  did you get my holiday card?
  well isn't that what twitter is for? PS come visit us!
 2 shots of bourbon do not = one hat
 Bourbon is the new bacon
 St Germain take me away
 RT  Food trucks to be debated on Chicago Tonight in one hour. But what's behind all the recent hub bub? 
 This balmy 35 degree weather makes me crave southern food...Good thing we're headed to The Southern for dinner tonight
 fourth quarter insanity officially over, now I can resume boring you with useless tweets
  welcome to academia
  wish I had time for NaNoWriMo but November is the work month from hell :-(
 Shameless plug for democracy: need info about candidates races and polling places for Tues? This site is excellent 
  yes, and they came in costume as, you guessed it, a Mountie and a moose. Those two!
  hockey is fucking AWESOME! We saw a minor league game in Bloomington, IL last night in a 7,000 seat stadium. Intimate :-)
 going to watch a real live hockey game tonight, my first one.  any pointers on following the puck? My eyesight is terrible
 I won't update twitter, FB, or any other electronic doohickey while I'm on vacay. The only devices I'm playing with are iPod and GPS :-)
  wow, so they finally moved it to October
   speaking of  and USTREAM, didn't we get flashed by a crazy naked dude a few times that night?
 Wishing I was attending the festivities at  . You ladies have fun give our girl a big hug for me :-)
 Shredded turnips, chopped onion, ginger, mustard and cumin seeds. Saute. Shovel into mouth and smile.
 coconut milk chocolate ice cream, yes.
 Love thestonesoup.com! FREE minimalist 5 ingredients | 10 minutes ecookbook  
 new blog Food Pr0n: Sexy and Easy Tomato Sauce, Aw Yeah 
 grated and sauteed yams and yukon golds, salt, pepper, freshly ground garam masala...heavenly
 I'm at Imerman Angels (400 West Erie Suite 405, Sedgwick, Chicago). 
  did you know baba ghanouj is fairly high in fiber? About 5 g per 2 oz serving.
  da beets is easy, grate 'em, saute 'em in evoo. add slivered almonds, white wine vinegar, salt and dill to taste.
 Lunch today: homemade baba ghanouj, shredded candycane beets with almonds, ojo de cabra beans. Can't wait! 
 has anyone ever made lemon curd from scratch? I'm obsessed by the idea today for some reason.
  no, I feel that :-)
  anything involving giant white beans is a win. you should also try this one, it's mana from heaven 
  doper than dope
 just in case you were wondering, hog casings look like really really long condoms. also, you should never watch sausage being made.
  oh yeah? I'm grinding my own sausage, booyah!
  if you can find a free standing Sephora they have it there
 twitter is broke on my blackberry and I can't figure out how to fix it
 Registering to vote in Chicago. I'm officially official now. ( George W Dunne Cook County Building) 
 This is what I'm doing with all the eggplant I bought Baba Ghanouj Recipe at Epicurious.com 
  i wished you were here, too, Pavement or not
 About to see Pavement for the first time since 1996 ( Jay Pritzker Pavilion w/ 43 others) 
 Sausage making party prep ( Paulina Meat Market) 
 Just bought every spice I didn't have for under $40. Love this place! ( The Spice House) 
 plain yogurt+frozen blueberries+honey+ground ginger=best low cal dessert ever
 Planning for the fashion show 9-26  galleria marchetti ( Imerman Angels) 
 I'm at MCA Farmers' Market (220 E. Chicago Ave., Mies Vander Rohe Way, Chicago). 
 I may be too old for this hippie bullshit ( North Coast Music Festival w/ 82 others) 
 I'm at The Purple Pig (500 N. Michigan Ave, (entrance on Illinois), Chicago) w/ 2 others. 
  me too! you guys need to come check out my view!
 adorable. RT  New haircut/color...makes me wanna start a pop-punk band and head to the skate park! 
 I feel like I am the last person to the Avett Brothers party. What took me so long to listen to this band?
  safari cuz I like the way the bookmarks page looks. that's my only reason.
 My pre-ordered copy of Jonathan Franzen's new novel "Freedom" came in the mail today. Sweet.
 I'm at Imerman Angels (400 West Erie, Sedgwick, Chicago). 
 Hilarious. Pregnant Demon Demands Sandwiches At Glenn Beck Rally (PHOTO)  via 
 RT  Heirloom tomato salsa with 22 kinds of tomatoes. OMG.
 I'm at Ravinia Festival (418 Sheridan Road, at Green Bay Rd & Ravinia Park Rd, Highland Park) w/ 102 others. 
 The coconut cupcake sitting in my refrigerator is taunting me. I don't think I can hold out until my picnic at Ravinia tonight.
 heading to Fox and Obel at noon on a Saturday. I must be mad.
 RT  I also have a dream: that today, we can make  trend.  Who's with me? His dream was the dream of ALL OF US.
  Did you see John Stewart's bashing of Beck-apalooza? 
  nothing wrong with that, yoga can help you stretch out those leg muscles :-)
 new blog Make This Now: Smoky and Sweet Tomato Salad 
 I've been thinking about this pizza recipe all year, and this week, I'll probably eat 4 of them 
 I'm at MCA Farmers' Market (220 E. Chicago Ave., Mies Vander Rohe Way, Chicago). 
 Apparently the fan-o-meter doesn't measure anything 
 At the bears game, and  knows all the folks in the stands around us. Of course he does.
 Bears pre-season tailgate. First tailgate of the year! ( Soldier Field w/ 20 others) 
 true, so true. RT 
  looks delectable! Some of my favorite dishes started out with what I thought were screw ups.
 YAY! That's near my 'hood! RT  Thursday peeps. Streeterville. 11am till 12am.
  srsly, shred the chicken off the bones and mix it all together. Maybe add a touch of nutmeg. Sounds delicious!
  can't be all bad if cream cheese is involved. just mix it together pronounce it a casserole and sop it up with french bread :-)
  I'm gonna do it!
 Nigella Lawson is going to make me fat
  I would have brought you some had you told me you were here :-(
 I was wrong about the heaven-bacon-onion thing. Heaven smells like hokey pokey made with honey.
 I am FEARLESS. I am making hokey pokey with honey, and I ain't skeered neither.
  LOL! I use twitter to release the brain farts held back all day :-)
  huzzah!
 If heaven has a smell, I'm pretty sure it's onions sauteing with bacon
 I'm a woman obsessed. Making this AGAIN tonight 
 Does anyone know if you can make hokey pokey with honey instead of dark corn syrup? 
 Prepping for the fall fashion show and benefit 9-26 ( Imerman Angels) 
 new blog Make This Now: Bacon Green Beans with Quinoa 
 RT   's trustees have voted to sell  Tell  why you think this is a bad idea. 
 I'm at MCA Farmers' Market (220 E. Chicago Ave., Mies Vander Rohe Way, Chicago). 
 $300 dinner giveaway at Girl and The Goat, and all you do is enter your email address 
 today I am going through all the fall fashion mags in prep for my first real fall in Chicago.  would be proud.
 I'm at Spa Space (161 N. Canal St., btw W. Lake St. and W. Randolph St., Chicago). 
 Probably looks like I'm wearing a nightgown in public, but who cares? I'm spending the rest of the day in a bath robe and slippers any way.
 SPA DAY! SPA DAY! SPA DAY!
 Getting ready to watch da bears ( Jimmy Green's) 
  I have also seen the doggie-baby chest contraption and it elicited the same response as the doggie-baby buggie: stop, stare, laugh
 Just bought CSA shares for the remainder of the season from Maggie and Brian at  . Super nice folks.
 I'm at Green City Market (1790 N Clark St, Chicago) w/ 8 others. 
 Just saw a trophy wife pushing her dog in a baby carriage
  only if your diet consists of bbq'ed unicorn
 I'm at The Carneros Inn (4048 Sonoma Hwy, Napa). 
  agreed. Maybe I'll try it this week and let you know how it turns out.
  have you ever tried tomato jam? The sun golds are so sweet I think it might be good.
  what is your favorite way to preserve tomatoes? I fear they day when the disappear from the farmers market
  i didn't quit you, it was then that i carried you. oh, wait, I think that was jesus. my bad.
  or any gangster movie, for that matter
 you know when some one you like unfollows you and your like "hey, what'd I say?" Yeah, that just happened. Fuck it. DOG SHIT TACO!!!!
  we're pretty close to Canada, so come on up. I think we can take a boat there, btw.
  depends on how much you like to enjoy yourself.
 I could really use some cheese right now
  THIS JUST IN, YOU ARE ALREADY IN HELL. happy.
 Lollapalooza has brought a distinct brand of douchebaggery to my 'hood tonight. The douches are screaming yeah! instead of the usual woo!
 I'm at Salute Wine Bar Inc. (46 E. Superior St, N. Wabash, Chicago). 
  no, but I swear I could HEAR her getting fatter as she tasted it
 Marinating chicken is the BEST use for buttermilk. Om nom nom!
 Today I watched Paula Deen wrap a block of mac n cheese in bacon, bread it, then deep fry it in peanut oil. I am in awe.
  I vote for Moscow After Hours
 I'm at MCA Farmers' Market (220 E. Chicago Ave., Mies Vander Rohe Way, Chicago). 
 Official True Blood Drinking Game from Flavorpill 
  SQUEEEEE! Look at this pig I bought in Chinatown!
 I'm at Chinatown Square (2100 S Wentworth Ave, Archer Ave and Cermak Rd, Chicago). 
 I'm at Theater On The Lake (2401 N Lakeshore Drive, Fullerton, Chicago). 
  remember when you pounded two bottles of Kombucha because I told you it cures hangovers? Good times.
  not a mullet, but possibly a bob, or a shagged bob
 hey guys! I have a new product called Organic& HorsePiss Plus VITAMINS
 organic. fucking. coke. 
 I ate my head weight in ceviche tonight. I'm not sure how this will pan out for my work event tomorrow morning.
  if they have an app that can find the closest open donut shop, that would be the one I'd get
 Boss just asked if I can make it to a client meeting at Carneros Inn in Napa Valley. Um, yeah, I think that can be arranged.
 RT  Ordinance introduced!!! A big step in our progress! Many more steps to come. But a giant leap forward!  Thanks all  ...
 You're a shotgun - bang! whats up with that thang? I wanna know, how does it hang?
    thanks, I try, tho' apparently not hard enough ;-)
 Wore my workout clothes all day in hopes of inspiring myself to go to the gym. Got melted butter all over them instead.
  oh, gleeks. I could only ever do those by accident.
  Listen to Her Shart
    Aha Shake Shartbreak
  girl you gotta try Jeni's Queen City Cayenne. It's the tits. 
 I haven't driven a car since Memorial Day, and I have to again on Saturday. I'm kinda freaking out about that.
 I just downloaded The Joshua Tree?
   this is fucking awesome
 Sharts on Fire (Cut Copy!) 
 anchovies + broccoli = MAGIC. Who knew?
  no way, but I did make a lovely chicken and veggie dish with the farmers market bounty from today
  it was good, and is a great way to use up the veggies you have laying around
 new blog Food Pr0n: Zucchini and Prosciutto Frittata 
 Massage yes please ( Exhale Spa) 
  cue up Queen. it's fucking magic for what ails.
  you ain't dancin' by yourself, bruthah. "I've been up all niiiiiight"
  admit it, this is my appeal.
  honestly? wallowing in missing my friends :-( but then, there's this guy to cheer us up 
 attn twitter: whilst wallowing with a bottle of wine and a snuggy, may I suggest you also listen to Red House Painter's "Smokey" on repeat?
  oh noes :-(
 I'm always surprised at how much more i fall in love with music when I put on the big ass bose cans
  hipsters don't represent anything except boredom with daddy's money
  he's sad bc he doesnt have a mouth, and his t-shirt is too small
  one day, I will take quick trips to Paris. One day.
 best headline ever 
 Elvis Costello is muy creepy in "I Want You" but gawd damn still hawt
  Rice football rules!
  no, but foie gras does. just ask 
 GO OWLS 
  
 No man stands so straight as when he stoops to help a boy.  ~Knights of Pythagoras
  for some reason the convergence of junk slippage and the Sears catalog made me think of you 
  usually "i'm sorry" will cover it :-)
 omfg I have the best boyfriend ever, he got us tix to see De La Soul in September
  love it, too. They have great deals if you sign up for their email list.
 and throat is getting sore. Walking into a room of practicing physicians runs the same risk of catching cold as walking into a kindergarten
 Hell week at work is OVER, I'm finally home and enjoying a tingly glass of Voignier
  Yeehaw, I'm in Texas. Do the makers of SWAG use other states as the basis for design or is it just Texas?
 Food network is the only place on tv where it's ok to be a big girl
 Heading to dallas. Why do we plan events there in July? Why? Why?
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Al's Mom on  
 I'm at f'd up traffic. 
   I took this pic for you
  Pics from the transformers movie set
 more touristy goodness with my folks today. I think we are going to hit every landmark in the loop on a double decker bus tour :-)
 Millennium Park, Chinatown, Oprah store, Chicago dogs, Hancock Building. Love being a tourist in my own city :-)
  Chicagoans prepare their younguns for disappointment early on
  Look at this touristy crap I bought at the Hancock Building. Stampin' fun!
 HOLY CRAP BEST DAY EVER! I just got a $500 gift card from nextstop.com as a token of appreciation! Those guys are awesome!
  My parents haven't been to Chicago since the 70s, so I have to show them a good time (old folks style)
 This is how cool I am: I'm not going to Pitchfork this weekend. Heading to Navy Pier and a bus tour with my parents instead, aw yeah.
 Cultivating an addiction to Argo tea's Armenian mint tea
 Hell yeah tues night all you can eat tacos $12 ( Zocalo Restaurant & Tequila Bar w/ 5 others) 
  RT  I appreciate Justin Timberlake, dude can dance and sing. Now, closet deadhead? Yes. 
 I love how geeked out my Houston buddies are getting over  :-)
 no idea what to do with the carrots I let go limp except hit 'em with coriander and cumin and roast 'em
  how did you prepare them? just with some salt and pepper or something more fancy?
 and now I will poach said radishes in butter 
 I'm intrigued by breakfast radishes, not because they are radishes but because some one sees fit to eat them for breakfast
  I believe we haven't had the pleasure IRL
  does shrill have a taste?
 I have the best boyfriend, tho right now he prolly feels that if he beat me down he'd get acquitted by a jury of his peers
 hence forth, my cousin and his wine cooler will collectively be known as THE DEVIL
  I couldn't agree more, and loafers without sock as well.
  omg free slurpees! that sounds like magic. too bad I just sent  out for burgers
  thanks for the advice, doc. I feel like such and amateur. what. was. I. thinking.
  vitamin G=grease, and I take it when I've over-indulged. It has the tendency to induce napping.
  it existed at one time at the bar around the corner from my house. Alas, it has been taken off the menu.
 I need a big dose of vitamin G. best source is a bacon cheese burger with a fried egg served between two grilled cheese sandwiches
  i need a hamburger please
  ditto
  agreed, it's best to stay away from the congregation of the self-unaware today.
  huzzah
  you put it in their hole
  I am making this tonight, except I'm changing the name of the recipe to "blueberry titties" 
  it is one thing for sure: the bane of my work day
 I fucking hate powerpoint "smart art". Pls stop using it.
 And on the 8th day, God created the boneless skinless chicken thigh
  [mouth guitar solo]
 RT  Can we please toss out all the wine and food pairing "rules" once and for all? 
  oh yeah?
 RT  The one thing I don't do is text and drive. If you do, take this pledge to stop texting and driving 
 just found out  and I have the same birthday. Behold, the power of the internetz.
 stone fruits. that is all.
 After researching melanoma for the past week, I'm slather myself in sunblock every day from now on. Melanoma is no punk, y'all.
 I'm at MCA Farmers' Market (220 E. Chicago Ave., Mies Vander Rohe Way, Chicago). 
 Every time I go to the doc I get a diet full of "can't haves". This time it's beans. I don't know how I'll live without beans for 3 wks :-(
  got it  it's approx 300 N LaSalle, don't know the name of the building though
 RT  So apparently the pavement deteriorated due to heat:  You've gotta be kidding me.
  ugh. I hate the communal dressing room at Loehman's, especially when I tried on something god awful.
  I will never have it "all" because it is a moving target. That's what makes it fun.
 I'm at Salute Wine Bar Inc. (46 E. Superior St, N. Wabash, Chicago). 
  thanks for helping me GTD today :-)
  I love them! I may ask for prints of a few :-)
 RT  Living through CSA hell? Drowning in gorgeous vegetables? Here's your answer. 
 Today's research topic: metastatic melanoma
  have you been to the Coop in Chicago? Its real purty in here.
 I'm at CO-OP (845 w fulton, Chicago). 
 You know what happens when you don't pay attention on the El platform? You get on the wrong train and take a 20 min detour.
 Heading to fulton market to check the coworking space the COOP
  ditto. still in jammies.
  I can't wait to see them!
 new blog Food Pr0n: Rhubarb Compote with Greek Yogurt 
  I'm good, but it's too dang hot to go outside right now. I swear I'm a native Texan :-)
   There aren't many, but the photos from your visit are here 
 i fucking love twitter this time of night
  subtle
  I think I love you
  i don't even know how you could confuse them
 It feels weird to be the only person on either side of the El platform in the middle of the day.
  thanks for the tips! I had good luck at shangri-la and a pied. It is a ghost town in roscoe village,but that suits me today
  as the bouncer in Reno explained when I told him I was up $5: it's an illusion.
  except on drmiggy's fries
  I was thinking of heading there but made a detour to shangri-la vintage in roscoe village. Great deals, no crowd
  yes, I've used whole milk in ganache too
 I keep eyeing the ivy next to me nervously for big ass tree roaches. Then I remember I live in chicago now, not houston
 Oh so that's the difference between light and heavy petting. Thank you couple drinking across the garden
 Its 80ish outside and only one other table is kickin' it out here in the beer garden. Make that two.
 Who puts yellow mustard on their fries? The answer is: me. I'll be the one reeking on the train tonight.
  thanks for the tip! I'm at the village tap in roscoe now stuffing my face with falafel and suds.
 Best beer garden in the city ( Village Tap) 
 Someone on this train reeks of french's mustard 
 I'm always surprised at how many things I manage to match with kelley green
  oh, I am all too familiar with that place. problem is I don't want to stop at the rain boots :-)
 also, Wicker Park puts me dangerously close to the Marc by Marc Jacobs store. credit card debt do not want
 though about heading to Wicker Park for the  sale, but I think Roscoe Village and the Village Tap are more my style today
  have you ever seen a pissed off sugar glider? it's cutest scary thing I've ever seen. That noise they make...
 A little sad, a little excited.  is in Israel, I'm spending my 1st 4th in Chicago alone, but I can come and go as I please
 There's a lady playing an accordion by a fountain and people are just kickin' it in the square like we're in Europe or something. <3 !
 H. Crap Lincoln Square is so cute! Lots of old folks around but no douchebags in sight. Think I'll stay a while.
 I'm at Book Cellar (4736 N Lincoln Ave, Chicago). 
 Red line to howard stopping at addison. Good thing I have a plan B. Hopping onto the brown line :-)
 Red line to howard at a standstill. Something about an interlocking problem on the yellow line, which is suspended.
 Friday night! Boyfriend is outta town! I'm heading to the feminist bookstore!
 good god, be careful driving you kids in Houston!
 RT  "Don’t focus on the one guy who hates you. You don’t go to the park and set your picnic down next to the only pile of ...
  there is someone I want you to meet: 
    yeah, she's a hoot and she has all the good family gossip
 from my 81 yr old grandma: You can't expect to be happy all the time, sweetie. If you are that would make you an idiot.
  Lunch today is leftofver ribeye steak and some zucchini squash pie I made with my farmers market splurge this week
 RT  A world with less cancer is world with  Stop by our Birthday Booth on the Essence Convention Floor Jul ...
  I'm harmless :-)
  went to RB "steak" house the other night, and was underwhelmed. good beer, though. Also  :-)
  running inspiration from 
  foodies & winos       
       ditto
       people I stalk for Chicago info and tips
 doing my first  this one's for all the Chicago peeps I should have started following 6 months ago <--procrastination
    so skins it is. I also put some chopped garlic scapes and buttermilk in there
  can't wait!  BTW  just left for Israel today. So bummed I couldn't go this time, but next time definitely.
 does anyone else leave the skins on in their mashed potatoes? I use yukon golds and I think the skins are yummy.
  Houston
  the one I'm making is crustless, more like a frittata. 10 more minutes :-)
  oh, don't get me started. I'd love to eat zucchini bread right now but it hurts my tummy. Darn carb restricted diet.
   what does one do with an overabundance of zucchini anyway? Make pie!
  Hello, good lookin'. I can't wait to see you again in about an hour!
 about to put prosciutto into a zucchini pie. Not sure how this will turn out, but what the hell, it's prosciutto. How can I go wrong?
 OK, I pretty much did throw everything I bought at the farmers market today into one salad. And it was tasty.
 RT  How To Make Your Grocery Store Better – Ask For Grass Fed Beef 
   srsly who eats the fondant?
 does anyone else ever have this problem: you go to the farmers market, buy a ton of stuff and then just want to throw it all into one salad?
  You are inspiring me to hit the mat tomorrow :-)
  remember to stand clear when I'm up, lest I release on the backswing. I don't just miss the pins, I miss the lane.
  I don't think my relationship could stand a bowling date night. You've seen my skills, you know of what I speak.
  love the site, what a great resource. Into the bookmarks you go :-)
 I'm having kitchen ADD today. First up, corona beans with kale. Next at bat, apple pancakes. There's no sense to it, I just need to cook!
  please tell me it involved a precariously placed hairnet atop a beehive.
   do it! do it!
  I think by deigning to watch the Rush documentary you are geeking out, by default
  alas, 'tis true. I met this person not too long ago and hardly believed it myself.
  do it, but before November. PS I think they like hockey here. You guys are welcome any time :-)
  I am rsvp-ing now. Anything with food involved you can count me in!
  kolaches? Hurricanes? I no longer know where to find these. I have become familiar with the locations for lemon ice, tho
  come to Chicago. Bring Tiff. You can stay at my place, ask Monica, it's the shzz
  omg and your avatar is an Owl! GO RICE!
  thank you  for over-educating me. You truly have no idea what it means to me.
  salute just around the corner from my place on superior. PS wher is this food truck thing you are talking about?
  "you're not knocking me down". Three words: pull my finger.
  ever have a falanghina? Licorice -> caramel -> citrus. Sounds crazy but wicked delicious.
 Okay, that was a dualey (sp?) rolling down superior towards the mag mile. For a second I thought I was back in TX.
 People watching at my neighborhood wine bar. I am in deep infatuation with Chicago right now.
 starting to feel like I have a handle on the treatments for liver cancer. Multiple myeloma? not so much. More reading today!
  If I were 1. big 2. strong and 3. male, I would help you move that dresser. I suppose I'd also 4. need to be in Houston
 This is the last time I fly American. Both times I have my flight was cancelled. This time I ended up staying an extra night.
 Vesta trattoria and wine bar in Queens is doing it right. cozy atmosphere, great service and killer flavor. I could move here for this
 First time in Jersey since middle school. No lie, I've seen four popped collars in the last 15 min
  sure, when and where?
  Club level at soldier field for the dixie chicks.  is a goddess :-)
 Violet hour. Lady grey. Yum!
 My hearty is racing because I just gawked at the kitchen at graham elliott. Adrenaline!!!
  busy making ultimate chocolate cupcakes and homemade pizza dough for this weekend. More surprises when you get here :-)
 Bad medical writing hurts public health  -  
   thanks for the b-day wishes :-)
 I think screenwriters are running out of ideas 
  it's all about yelling woo [honks horn]
 The MD Anderson booth 2054 at ASCO is having a raffle for their Cancer Matrix book. One of the most useful refs I've used!
 That's right, Chicago weather. Show them the crazy.
 ASCO is already crazy this year. 30000 attending.   are you here?
  ooh, good luck with that. My little project is a bit easier ;-)
 if you became an adult anywhere near an IKEA, you will undoubtedly own more hex wrenches than you could ever want, use, or need.
  It's mine, all mine! Bubble gum ball blue marc jacobs bag, I love you <3
 I should know better than to eat sushi at the airport, even in SF. Good thing I like soy sauce.
 My brother has a new flock of chickens and he named the black one after me. I'm the black sheep not a chicken!
  I think my system would shut down if I ate that right now :-(
  I got me some Yellow Indian Woman beans and a sampler of their faves to play around with. Can't wait!
 new blog Life teaches me lessons I have no choice but to learn 
 Forget about a puppy, I want a baby sloth for my birthday 
 I didn't think it was possible to spend $38 on dried beans until I visited  Can hardly wait for my order :-)
 had my first argument in an alley yesterday. I feel more like a New Yorker than a Chicagoan. PS I won :-)
  The Alchemist is one of my faves. I've long since lost my copy to lending :-(
  make this beans and kale recipe. It's manna from heaven . buy beans here 
 You can safely assume you've created God in your own image when it turns out that God hates all the same people you do. -Anne Lamott
 Join the Tour! Pick a bike, get friends to cheer & help  raise $75K for cancer!  
 Scored some white truffle salt at the Spice House yesterday. Wow. It's turned a simple fried egg into an elegant gourmet breakfast.
 Awesome! A little old lady in this bar is so drunk they are getting her a wheelchair
 Stuck at the airport in atlanta again. Might as well eat some fried green tomatoes and drink a beer.
 Heading to atlanta. got any recs for a lunch spot in buckhead?
 Marc Jacobs is on my caller ID. It's been a great weekend. Thanks 
  whoa, when did you move to Brooklyn? also, love the new website :-)
