 Thanks to VISTA Nick Yannias and his 2 years of service to the Iowa Civil and Human Civil Rights VISTA project!
 Exhibit on women in the army at the South Side Library on May 12, presented by the Fort Des Moines Museum 
 “All men are by nature born equally free and independent.” - George Mason
 “Rights that do not flow from duty well performed are not worth having.” - Mahatma Gandhi
 "Freedom means the supremacy of human rights everywhere. Our support goes to those who struggle to gain those rights or keep them." – FDR
 "Tolerance and human rights require each other." - Simon Wiesenthal
 “Silence in the face of injustice is complicity with the oppressor.” - Ginetta Sagan
 "I cannot, and will not judge, by what my eyes may see. For the skin on a man shall not reveal his true identity" - Robert M. Hensel
 "Be the change you want to see in the world." – Mahatma Gandhi
 "I keep my ideals, because in spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart." - Anne Frank
 "To the wrongs that need resistance, To the right that needs assistance, To the future in the distance, Give yourselves." - C. Chapman Catt
 “Give to every human being every right that you claim for yourself.” – Robert G. Ingersoll
 “Let America be America, where equality is in the air we breathe.”- Langston Hughes  
 April 27 is the birthday of Coretta Scott King, civil rights leader in the struggle for race equality and women's rights 
 April is Celebrate Diversity Month!   
 United States Supreme Court seeks input from President's administration on Special Education case  
 "History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again." - Maya Angelou
 "If I could have convinced more slaves that they were slaves, I could have freed thousands more." - Harriet Tubman
 “Nobody's free until everybody's free.” – Fannie Lou Hamer
 "No man in his senses can hesitate in choosing to be free, rather than a slave." - Alexander Hamilton
 Congratulations to Beth Townsend on her confirmation by the Iowa Senate as the Executive Director of the Iowa Civil Rights Commission.
 The Iowa Civil Rights Commission meeting will be today at 3pm at the Iowa Civil Rights Commission offices. Open to the public and press.
 “Man's greatness consists in his ability to do and the proper application of his powers to things needed to be done.” - Frederick Douglass
 “Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.” - Abraham Lincoln
 Massive civil rights class action case being heard now in U.S. Supreme Court 
 “We came equals into this world, and equals shall we go out of it.” - George Mason
 Participate in HUD chat for Fair Housing Month at 1 PM by following   and using hashtag 
 EEOC files a federal lawsuit accusing Henry's Turkey Service of discriminating against 31 disabled Iowa workers 
 "We must scrupulously guard the civil rights and civil liberties of all citizens, whatever their background." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
 "Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'" -Martin Luther King, Jr., January 15, 1929 – April 4, 1968
 "I would have girls regard themselves not as adjectives but as nouns." - Elizabeth Cady Stanton
 “With every civil right there has to be a corresponding civil obligation.” - Edison Haines
 "Democratic principles are the result of equality of condition." - Mercy Otis Warren
 "Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible." - Maya Angelou
 "Racism is man's gravest threat to man - the maximum of hatred for a minimum of reason." - Abraham J. Heschel
 Today is the 25th Annual Des Moines Fair Housing Symposium at Des Moines University’s Education Center
 "The only way to make sure people you agree with can speak is to support the rights of people you don't agree with." - Eleanor Holmes Norton
 "No man is above the law and no man below it." - Theodore Roosevelt
 "For to be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others." - N. Mandela
 "I knew someone had to take the first step and I made up my mind not to move." -- Rosa Parks
 "The best principles of our republic secure to all its citizens a perfect equality of rights." -- Thomas Jefferson
 "We must remember that a right lost to one is lost to all." -- William Reece Smith, Jr.
 "I am inferior of any man whose rights I trample underfoot." -- Horace Greeley
 "In giving rights to others which belong to them, we give rights to ourselves and to our country." 
 GovDeals.com - Civil Rights and Diversity-Related Books  via 
 GovDeals.com - Books: African American  via 
 Fair housing and service animals:     
  Harassment in Education is Illegal
 Housing protection for victims of domestic violence  via 
 " If there is no struggle, there is no progress." - Frederick Douglass
 “A right delayed is a right denied.” - Martin Luther King, Jr.
 "Every race and every nation should be judged by the best it has been able to produce, not by the worst." - James Weldon Johnson
 "I started with this idea in my head, 'There's two things I've got a right to, death or liberty.'" - Harriet Tubman
 "Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
 America's housing market: Suspended animation | The Economist  via 
 RT  "Treatment of immigrants in detention w/disabilities is one of the most pressing human rights issues in the U.S."  ...
 Economy poll: African Americans, Hispanics were hit hardest but are most optimistic  via 
 RT  Locating your local  unit has never been easier. Find us in your community & learn how you can get involved today http: ...
 Awesome Program: Autistic Children Help at Coffee Shop in N.J. School - 
 Harkin receives Edward M. Kennedy National Service Lifetime Leadership Award from Iowan Brandon Routh 
 HUD launches new housing publication, "Evidence Matters,"  via 
 Did you know that the Iowa Civil Rights Act has an exemption to its laws for religious institutions so they don't violate their beliefs?
 RT  When we are inclusive, everyone benefits. 
 Black History Month Activity Book 2: 
 Black History Month Activity Book 1: 
 In honor of Black History Month, VISTA Erin Oftelie produced three activity books for students in grades 3-8. Find them on our website!
 Check out our new activity book of influential Black Iowans. 
 RT  RT  Iowa House approves 20% income tax cut! 62 voted in favor of income tax cut;   33 voted against.
 RT  Hawaii Lawmakers Approve Same-Sex Civil Unions 
 Our commissioners are concerned about the U.S. House's budget proposal that would cut funding for national service programs.
 Congrats to Commissioner Rich Eychaner for his induction into the Iowa Volunteer Hall of Fame!
 Congrats to Commissioner Mary Chapman for her appointment to the Board of Directors for Central Iowa Health System!
 EEOC to Examine Treatment of Unemployed Job Seekers  via 
 HUD's Proposed FY11 Budget (additional funds for fair housing efforts)  via 
 Housing Finance Market Reforms  via 
 Did you know religious institutions are exempt for the Iowa Civil Rights Act while providing religious services?
 Report on Homeless Veterans  via 
 Correction: Our commission meeting will be Thursday at 3PM in our offices in Des Moines. 
 Our commission meeting on Thur., Feb. 10th is open to the press and public. The meeting will be held at our offices in Des Moines.
 "The color of skins is in no way connected with strength of the mind or intellectual powers." Benjamin Banneker 
 Teaching Tolerance Magazine Examines Classroom Use of Social Media to Teach About Social Justice  via 
 Hope to see you at I'll Make Me a World in Iowa Celebration Day on Saturday in Des Moines!
 To avoid lengthy and expensive investigations,  encourages mediation between all parties in discrimination cases.
 Special thanks to Investigators Stephanie Callahan, Emigdio Lopez-Sanders, and Tiffanie Drayton for a great fair  presentation!
 Congrats to homeless assistance grant recipients in Iowa. We look forward to working with you.  via  
 Proposed amendment to ban same-sex marriage gets first OK in House   Do you think the public should get to vote? 
 Check out our new housing PowerPoint publications at 
 Tuesday we are holding a conference call training on fair housing issues impacting people with disabilities.  
 Excited about our fair housing training on Tuesday!
 Beth Townsend named the new Executive Director of the Iowa Civil Rights Commission.
 Between the Lines - 1/20/11 Features Former ICRC Director Ralph Rosenberg    
 What do you think are the most urgent civil rights issues facing Iowans?  
 RT  MARTIN LUTHER KING JR CELEBRATION is 7 pm TONIGHT at St John Auditorium, IHCC after being postponed on Monday. Feat ...
 Iowa's NAACP Leaders Call Governor Branstad's repeal of ex-felons' voting rights a discirminatory "poll tax"  Thoughts?
 Basu: Empower families to protect mentally ill 
 Loved hearing abuot all our VISTA members' MLK Day of Service activities. Way to go! 
 Congrats to the 9 winners of the MLK Essay Contest. We had over 200 hundred entries.  
 Last day to submiit entries for our Statewide Youth MLK Essay Contest.  Visit our website for more info.
 Two days left to submit your MLK Essays!
 The entries for the Statewide MLK Essay Contest are pouring in today. Students in grades 2-12 still have until Wednesday evening to submit.
 Wednesday is the deadling for the Statewide MLK Essay Contest.  The contest is open to Iowa students in grades 2-12.
 Our thoughts go out to the victims and their families involved with the tragic shooting in Arizona.
 Do you know what interview questions you can ask applicants with disabiliites? Learn more at .
 Have you checked out the exciting service projects for MLK Day listed at www.volunteeriowa.org?  
 RT  Harkin Announces $335,000 for Housing Counseling Services in Iowa 
 Only 1 week left to submit entries for the Statewide MLK Essay Contest.    
 Iowa middle school students encouraged to write about their role models for the Statewide MLK Essay Contest.  
 RT  More on today's big victory for foster youth in Massachusetts (and across U.S.):  Join the moveme ...
 Learn about hiring people with disabilities.     
 Excited about MLK Day of Service. What are you doing? We are leading civil rights workshops and holding an essay contest.  
 RT  RT  President Obama signed a Presidential Proclamation designating January as National Mentoring Mon ...
 Thankful for great partnerships with local human and civil rights agencies in Iowa!   
 What do you think of Justice Scalia's argument that women don't have constitutional protection against discrimination?
 RT  This is beyond shocking! Scalia: Women Don't Have Constitutional Protection Against Discrimination   ...
 RT  This article takes bullying prevention one step further. Are students a part of the solution at your school?  ...
  Iowa High School students get to try out being a civil rights leader for our MLK Essay Contest.
  Check out the Statewide MLK Essay Contest for Students in Grades 2-12 
 Excited about upcoming fair housing presentations by our staff  
 RT  Paying final tribute to 10 great leaders in    &  who passed in 2010 htt ...
 RT   Groups Integrating  Into Outreach Efforts 
 What would you do? 
 Tomorrow begins on 4 day blogging series on hiring people with disabilities.  
 RT  Matthew Shepard Scholarship applications now available: A $500 Silver Eagle Award can grow to up to $7000 and ma... ht ...
 We got our first MLK Essay. Thanks Grace! 
  Iowa Civil Rights Commission, Des Moines, we use Twitter to share info, promote events, and get connected
 RT  Recent vets are experiencing homelessness too: 
 Iowa students encouraged to participate in Statewide MLK Essay Contest     
 Get involved in MLK Day of Service on Jan. 17th. Find opportunities at www.volunteeriowa.org  
 RT  NEW LAW: Iowa expands coverage for children with autism 
 One of our new year's resolutions is to decrease the length of time it takes to process a case.
  That's my vote too but I wanted to get other folks thoughts on blog sites.
 Which do you think is better, Blogger or Tumblr?  
 Check out a blog by some of our VISTA members: .  
 All state government offices, including ours, will be closed on Friday. We will re-open on Monday for the start of the new year.
 Are you an older worker who was laid off only to have younger workers take your spot? Consider filing an age discrimination complaint.
 Do you agree with the list of Top 10 Religion Stories of the Year?  via 
 RT  Today is the exact middle of Kwanzaa's week long celebration.  What do you do to mark the holiday?
  We look forward to working with you as the new director of Dept. of Human Rights.
  Have you heard about the statewide MLK Essay Contest? Essays due Jan 12th. Learn more at www.state.ia.us/government/crc
 RT  "Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." - Martin Luther King Jr.   
 Protect yourself against age discrimination. 
 We will be conducting a couple of civil rights workshops at the Ft. DSM Museum for MLK Day. 
  Congrats on your Kiwanis grant!
 RT  VA has a 24/7 call center available for homeless Vets, those at risk of becoming homeless, and their families. http: ...
 Parents, let your kids know about the MLK Essay Contest. More info at www.state.ia.us/government/crc
 Statewide MLK Essay Contest for Iowa students in grades 2-12. More info at www.state.ia.us/government/crc  
 RT  "I've seen and met angels wearing the disguise of ordinary people living ordinary lives." - Tracy Chapman 
 Learn about GINA. 
 Successfully submitted a fair housing education and outreach initiatives grant to HUD. Hope we receive the grant!
  Thank you for coordinating the construction of homes for those 22 families.
 RT  Happy Holidays to all of you!  Thanks for making 22 families dreams of homeownership a reality this year.  ...
 Housing should be accessible for everyone.
 RT  SCOTUS ruling continues to impact Iowa inmates 
 Thoughts on the price online giving? 
 Excited about our deisgn and construction grant proposal!
 By 2040, it is predicted Latinos will be 11% of Iowa's population and African Americans 5%. That will be more than twice the population now.
 Don't Ask, Don't Tell Repealed! A major victory against discrimination targeting LGBT soldiers.
 There is no charge to file a discrimination complaint. No one deserves to be a victim of discrimination!
 RT  Accessibility Guidebook for Ski Areas Operating on Public Lands 
 Each person deserves to have his or her civil rights protected.
 RT  In 1994, Congress made the King federal holiday a nat'l day of service & charged the Corporation for Nat'l & Cmty Service w/ ...
  Congrats to Ryan Roemerman on his national Character Unite Award today!
  Des Moines has a beautiful dusting of snow.
 Accepting applications forPublic Service Executive 1 position until December 23. (Law degree required).  
 Many accolades for Ralph Rosenberg given last night at a statewide civil rights meeting.
 Parking for people with disabilities: This week at .
 We participated in/collaborated on 72 civil rights projects last year. Looking forward to increasing that number!
 This upcoming week's blog entries will focus on parking for people with disabilities. Check them out Tuesday and Thursday.
 We will be collecting donations for Toys for Tots Monday and Tuesday.
 Competition is heating up in the Penny Wars. Proceeds will go to Toys for Tots.
 Happy Universal Human Rights Day!
 Today is the first day of Muharram, the first month of the Islamic calendar. It is one of 4 months where fighting is prohibited.
 Our blog entries will focus on pregnancy discrimination. www.iacivilrights.blogspot.com
 RT  Create, manage & stay up-to-date on grantmakers in ANY state using update central!  
 RT  Obama And Republicans Agree On Tax Cut Extension 
 If you would like to make a donation to Toys for Tots, you can drop them off at our office.
  Do you have any recommendation of blogs on Tumblr by VISTA or AmeriCorps members?
 at the Iowa Olmstead Consumer Taskforce meeting.
 Enjoyed delicious Hanukkah cookies by one of our commissioners this afternoon. Yum! Holidays = Food. Always a good thing.
  We will be holding a youth MLK Essay Contest for students in Iowa.
 Our commission meeting today at 3pm in our offices is open to the public and media.
 Exciting fair housing news coming up later this month!
 Congrats to Edie on her new position. We will miss her at ICRC.
 Our new blog entry focuses on Iowa's Safe School Law. 
 People who are HIV postive or have AIDS are protected from discrimination under Iowa law.
 December 1st is World AIDS Day
 In the last three months have attended or led 27 fair housing outreach events.
 RT  ACCESSline: Gays Remain Minority Most Targeted by Hate Crimes (SPLCenter) - 
 Attending the Diya Lamp Lighting and Asian Lion Dance and then presenting on cultural/generational diversity at Aviva today. Exciting day!
 Conducting a couple of Cultural and Generational Diversity presentations on Monday at Aviva.
 We, like all other state government agencies, will be closed on Thursday and Friday for the Thanksgiving holiday.
 Curious about occupancy standards in Iowa? Check out today's blog entry at .
 Over 13,000 Native Americans live in Iowa. Nearly half live in Woodbury, Polk, and Tama Counties.
 RT  A week of speaking out about violence against  We will be posting photos & facts all week  via 
 Did you know that Iowa desegregated its schools decades before Brown v. Board of Education?
 RT  Religious ideas and stories are becoming more and more dependent on media, new and old ... 
 Last fiscalyear, the main reason people thought they were discriminated against in Johnson County was because of a disability.
 Today is Transgender Remembrance Day. Gender Identity is a protected class under Iowa's anti-discrimination law.
 Undocumented workers are protected from employment discrimination by federal laws enforced by the EEOC.
 Thank you to  and  for your VISTA service at  Good luck in the future.
  We thank Kerry Lao for her year of VISTA service and welcome Amy Olson to the Iowa Human & Civil Rights VISTA Project!
 Today is the first day of our last group of AmeriCorps VISTA members. Wonderful partnership with VISTA 
 RT  Help combat prejudice, intolerance, discrimination and hate! Visit 
 Harassment in the workplace is expensive for employers. 
 Understanding generational diversity is important as this is the first time in history 4 generations are in the workplace at once.
 RT  New rules require equal visitation rights for all patients    
 What are the most critical civil rights issues facing Iowa currently?
 RT  Older Workers Require New Workplace Flexibility, SHRM Tells EEOC - 
 Key theme of the morning at Nonprofit Summit: tap into the energy and creativity of young people. They are amazing leaders. 
 If you have questions about civil rights, give us a call. We are here to help protect you from discrimination in Iowa.
  Are there any anti-bullying programs that you would suggest? Are you familiar with Iowa Pride Network's certfiication program?
 Congrats to Ralph Rosenberg on his service manager award at the Iowa Nonprofit Summit today. Ralph directs our VISTA Project. 
 Workshop 2E, sample harassment policy in Eng. and Span. at . 
  and  led an awesome social media workshop. 
 Thank you  for your enthusiasm and information during the Volunteering/Business Community session. 
 Happy Birthday to Rich Eychaner, one of our state commissioners!
 Check out our new blog entry on the sexual harassment at... 
 Heading to  in Ames to learn how to assist fellow nonprofits and national service organizations.
 Most of the cases the Commission handles deals with employment discrimination.
 Happy Birthday to Nancy Witt, one of our state commissioners!
 Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights Identifies Six Priorities for Lame Duck Congress - The  via 
 November is Native American Heritage Month.
 Store Ends Head Covering Policy that Denied Muslim Women Service 
 Supreme Court Chooses Not to Offer a Ruling While Policy is Under Investigation with a Lower Court 
 Special thanks to Drake Law students, Ashley Heissel and Ryan Gerdes for their help with our fair housing programs!
 RT  Friday (11/12): One Iowa Sweet Equality, 5:30pm at Forte Banquet and Event Center, Des Moines. Annual Community... ht ...
 Racial Divide Discovered in Well-Being Survey 
 envisions a state free of discrimination.
 Immigration Law and Its Impact on Parents 
 Salute to all our wonderful veterans for their service to our country!
 The ongoing saga of Don't Ask, Don't Tell... 
 Report on Black Male Students Paints Bleak Picture on Achievement Rates 
 Detroit Schools Questioned Over Material Used to Teach about Slavery 
 Obama continues to reach out to the Muslim world. 
 A win today in the Iowa District Court of Appeals on a housing discrimination case involving a service animal. The... 
 A new approach to combatting bullying in schools. In your experience, what anti-bullying programs have been... 
 While 6 counties had no discrimination complaints filed from inside their jurisdictions, 93 of the ties in Iowa... 
 ICE ends its efforts to secure a location in Urbandale for a federal immigration processing center following... 
 Expansion of our discrimination testing program resulted in an increase in housing complaints processed by the... 
 U.S. Defense of Marriage Act Challenged in Two New Lawsuits 
 Final Regulations Released by EEOC on Title II of the Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act. 
 Students nationwide celebrate "Mix It Up at Lunch Day" today in an efforts to combat social and racial boundaries. 
 RT  Good essay from the Guardian on neglect of cultural achievement of native Americas' civilizations 
 RT  Fighting For and With Our  Young People: Guest Blogger Richael Faithful, Our Rights, Our Future  ...
 Our annual report for fiscal year 2009 - 2010 is now available on our website at www.state.ia.us/government/crc
 Sexism is still alive in our world. 
 Episcopal Bishop, Gene Robinson, to retire in 2013 
 Making Money Off Religious Intolerance 
 Dance Unites Cultures 
 Check out three new videos released on how to navigate the homebuying process. 
 A complaint is considered filed when received by the commission. However, the filing of a complaint is only the... 
 RT  Veterans Conference Planned at University of Iowa: IOWA CITY, Iowa (AP) — Officials say a statewide veterans con...  ...
 RT  QUESTION: Why don't black and brown folk vote?...What about the youth vote? Weigh in:   
 Need for redefinition of body image and sexuality for teenage girls. 
 is proud of its wonderful staff!
 Regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity, students do not deserve to be bullied in their schools. 
 Des Moines Register Article "Immigration Office Wants Site in Urbandale; Neighbors Wary." What are your thoughts... 
 Two new African American Republicans elected to the U.S. Congress. 
 
 If you feel you have been a victim of racial profiling, you may file a public accommodations discrimination... 
 Attending a Women Veterans Appreciation Event on Saturday.
 recommends you check out Keeping Your Board Engaged for Your Cause at 
 If you know of any hate incidents or crimes in Iowa, please let us know. 
 Do you have questions about your civil rights? If so, please give us a call at 1-800-457-4416 (toll free in Iowa... 
 Iowa's Attorney General continues to lead the national foreclosure inquiry by many states. 
 
 Celebrating 45 years of protecting civil rights and ending discrimination!
 RT  GOP aims to bolster immigration enforcement, but little change is likely 
 Check out the League of Iowa Human & Civil Rights Agencies' blog at .
 We will be releasing our annual report for the last fiscal year soon. Keep on the look-out for this great summary... 
 Our vision is a state free of discrimination. We invite you to join us in making this vision a reality.
 There is no fee for filing a discrimination complaint with the Iowa Civil Rights Commission or local commissions.
 RT  Do your leaders demonstrate failing? Do they make it OK for others to take risks, ask hard Q b/c they model that?  ...
 Congrats to Ralph Rosenberg for his award nomination as an Outstanding Volunteer / Service Manager.
 RT  Live  results soon online:  & on our mobile site: 
 Find your voting place. 
 Don't forget to vote!
 Remember to vote!
 Happy Birthday to the chair of our Commission, Alicia Claypool!
 November 2 is Dia de los Muertos (Day of the Dead), a holiday celebrated by Mexicans and Mexican Americans to... 
 Here are some facts and figures regarding employment of people with disabilities. 
 Reading: "dsm Magazine"(  )
 Rich Eychaner is one of our commissioners. Ryan serves as a local supervisor within our Iowa Human & Civil Rights... 
 Check out Disability Rights Iowa's new blog at .
 RT  Wells Fargo To Refile Docs In 55,000 Foreclosures: Wells Fargo admits it made mistakes in 55,000 foreclosure cases... http ...
 You have the right to be evaluated based on your ability & performance  work & not to be discriminated against based on your disability.
 Many technologies originally designed for people with disabilities enhance work performance and daily life for everyone.
 RT  Lots of news at IFA: state project tour, Title Guaranty Conference, employee spotlight & more! 
 Do you have ideas on how banks might address the issue of Islamic law that bans charging or accepting interest... 
 Gender bias still exists. 
 offers mediation services for parties involved in discrimination cases filed with us.
 RT  Nonprofit Awards nominations are due Nov. 1!  Will be presented during Iowa Nonprofit Summit Nov. 15-16 in Ames! http ...
 "Thursday's Children" was amazing. Performances the next two weeks at the State Historical Building in Des Moines.
 Do you have a civil rights question or feel you have been a victim of discrimination? If so, please call us... 
 Opening of "Thursday's Children" production at the State Historical Building this weekend.
 RT  GLSEN BLOG: Guest post from Councilman Joel Burns in support of our Safe Space Campaign 
 The Iowa Civil Rights Commission is one of many places students who are being bullied can turn to for assistance... 
 To make schools better for bullied students, we will continue to enforce Iowa's Safe School Law and the Iowa Civil Rights Act.
 RT   reports 105 nations represented in student body at U of I.  Cool! And very good for our state & nation.
 RT  News: Don't Ask, Don't Tell Could Be Reinstated   
 RT  What factors led to a quality education when you were growing up? 
 RT  "Out-of-State Hate Bus" set to roll through Iowa (via GayPolitics.com)    
 We are wearing purple to end anti-LGBT bullying - make your profile pic purple today  
 We're wearing purple to end anti-LGBT bullying - make your profile pic purple today  
 End anti-LGBT bullying - wear purple & make your profile pic purple for  10/20 at  
 RT  GLAAD - Wear Purple on Oct. 20 for Spirit Day  
 End anti-LGBT bullying - wear purple & make your profile pic purple for  10/20 at 
 We will be teaching students about civil rights this week at the State Historical Building.
 RT  Defense Dept says openly gay men &  women can now apply to join the military,  but warn that the situation may change htt ...
 ICRC played a role in getting Iowa's Safe Schools / Anti-Bullying bill passed. There is still much work to be done... 
 Students who are harassed in school may file a complaint with the Iowa Civil Rights Commission or the Iowa... 
 The Mosaic Diversity Conference went great.
 RT  Pls RT! End anti-LGBT bullying - wear purple & make your profile pic purple for  10/20 at  ...
 I'm attending AmeriCorps Funding Opportunities for Organizations Serving Veterans and Military Famili... -- 
 RT  With Statehood, Palestinians Ready To End All Claims 
 Update on the legal battle surrounding Arizona's anti-immigrant law. 
 Mosaic Diversity Conference on Oct. 18th at the Sheraton Hotel West Des Moines. www.iowamosaic.org.
 Check out the wonderful "It Gets Better" YouTube videos. If you are bullied, please ask for help. Your life is precious!
 Check out our photos from FACES of Ames today.
 RT  NY Times: Don’t Stay "Don’t Ask" Ruling - DADT has done more harm than the injunction could. 
 RT  Reggies is off to a great start with beautiful weather and over a thousand participants
 On-site registration is available for Iowa's Mosaic Diversity Conference on Monday in West Des Moines at the Sheraton.
  Awesome job on FACES of Ames!
 If you are in Ames today, come visit us at FACES of Ames at Bandshell Park from 10 - 3.
 RT  Tonight's the night!!! Homeless center banks on Sleepout  via    ...
 Don't forget that Iowa's Mosaic Diversity Conference has been moved from Ames to West Des Moines. www.iowamosaic.org
 RT  Thousands Respond To Fort Worth City Councilman's 'It Gets Better' Message 
 Want to know more about FACES of Ames. Go to . Lots of interactive activities for all ages on Saturday.
 For info on Latino Conference in Iowa City today and Sat, visit .
 If you are in Iowa City today or tomorrow, check out the Strengthening Latino/a Communities Conference.
 Stop by our booth Sat. at FACES of Ames to win a frisbee or decorate a canvas bag. FACES of Ames is sponsored by 
 RT  FACES of Ames 
 "The Children's March" is a wonderful resource for teaching middle and high school students about civil rights and... 
 We are at the Strengthening Latino/a Communities Conference today and tomorrow in Iowa City.
 RT  Learn & discuss 18 ways to welcome and support  families in your congregation. Free webinar next Wed Oct 20: http:// ...
 RT  By 2009 1.6 million more poor lived in the suburbs of the nation’s largest metro areas compared to the cities.  ...
 Over 1900 Iowans filed discrimination complaints last year.
 RT  Web Extra: Foreclosures Suspened by Major Lenders:     A new investigation is underway by 49 states about the prac... htt ...
 RT  Foreclosure Inquiry May Help Homeowners: DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) — The bank mortgage foreclosure paperwork debacle c...  ...
 HUD charges Iowa landlords with sexual harassment of female tenents. 
 October is National Disability Employment Awareness Month. This observance was launched in 1945 when Congress... 
 Do you have a question about discrimination or civil rights? Give us a call at 1-800-457-4416 or 515-281-4121.
 RT  Judge stops 'don't ask, don't tell' policy with worldwide injunction in landmark case 
 October 11 was also National Indigenous People’s Day to recognize 500 years of resistance and the continued... 
 October 11 was National Coming Out Day. For those that identify as LGBT, this day is to celebrate coming out and... 
 When you meet someone who appears different from you, try to some of the similarities that you share. Looks can be deceiving.
 RT  CONGRATULATIONS  on your  Thank you for working to end apartheid, extreme poverty and debt duri ...
 We have a video lending library available for a small fee.
 According to the US Census, Americans with a bachelor’s degree or higher rose from 27 percent in 2006 to 28 percent in 2009. (USA Today)
 Who are some of your favorite civil rights leaders?
 www.whatcanyoudocampaign.org has some great posters you can download or order for free.
 October is Disability Employment Month. Learn more by visiting 
 RT  Documentary to be shown about man with developmental disability 
 RT  Today on Talk of  we're exploring the problem of bullying of gay and lesbian young people and the "It Gets Better Proj ...
 RT  RT   An Open Mind on a Changed Court: Retirement thoughts from Justice Stevens.    ...
 September 15 – October 15, 2010 is Hispanic Heritage Month. This month corresponds with Mexican Independence Day,... 
 There is still time to sign up for Iowa's Mosaic Diversity Conference, which will be held October 18th in West Des... 
 Our prayers go out to the family of former staff member, Molly Rasmussen, as they grieve her death.
 Pet deposits and no pets rules do not apply to service animals.
 RT  Oct is Disability Employment Awareness Month. This year’s theme is “Talent Has No Boundaries.” Be a fan of inclusio ...
 VISTA: Volunteers in Service to America
 One of our VISTA members is working with 7 school districts on becoming certified as safe schools. www.iowapridenetwork.org
 RT  [WOI] Calif teenager who endured gay taunts memorialized: More than 500 people attended a memorial service for a 1... ...
 Do you want to make a different in Fort Dodge? Become a VISTA with the Fort Dodge Human Rights Commission.
 VSA Iowa, the state organization on art and disability, has a full-time opening. Applications due 9am Monday morning.
 RT  10/20 - Disability Mentoring Day is a 1-day job shadowing opportunity for students & jobseekers with disabilities htt ...
 We have full-time VISTA positions with us, the Fort Dodge Human Rights Commission, and VSA Iowa. If you are... 
 From July 2010 - Sept. 2010, almost 90% of people involved with cases viewed us as a leader in civil rights.
 RT  RT  Poll indicates donors likely to give the same or less this year 
 RT  Survey of Teens Shows Unmet Needs, Missed Opportunities. 
 RT   | Seminar on Dementia to be held in Carroll 
 There is still time to apply for VISTA positions. Please visit our website to learn about the different opportunities.
 We are accepting online applications today for our VISTA openings throughout Iowa.
 RT  New to Disability.gov: 2010 Perspective on Employment of Persons with Disabilities Conference - Dec. 8-10 . ...
 RT  What's new in Iowa business?Find out in the newest edition of  Voice of Iowa Business newsletter 
 Give us a call Friday if you are interested in one of our AmeriCorps VISTA positions! 515-241-0354.
 RT  RT  3 boys committed suicide because of bullying based their sexual orientation. Entire Community needs to ...
 Until this state is free of discrimination, we will be here to protect your civil rights!
 Want to learn how to end bullying? There are some great tip sheets at www.stopbullyingnow.hrsa.gov.
 We have full-time VISTA openings. Deadline for applications is rapidly approaching!
 Learn more about AmeriCorps VISTA by going to www.americorps.gov
 RT  Multicultural reception ( Des Moines Social Club) 
 Do you want to expand the great diversity programs in Fort Dodge and Webster County. Apply to become a VISTA by visiting our website.
 The Iowa Civil Rights Commission has several AmeriCorps VISTA Openings. Applications due October 3rd.
 Do you want training on diversity, equal employment, or fair housing issues? Call us at 515-281-4121 to set up a workshop.
 Want to do something with the arts and disabilities? Become a VISTA with VSA Iowa. Learn more aboutwww.vsaiowa.org
 Time is running out to apply for our full-time AmeriCorps VISTA positions. We have openings in Des Moines, Fort... 
 Applications for full time AmeriCorps VISTA opportunties with the Iowa Civil Rights Commission are due October 1.
 Full-time VISTA opportunites available at the Iowa Civi Rights Commission.
 RT  The Social Network That Gets Down to Business 
 September 23 – October 1, 2010 is the Jewish holiday of Succos. It is a time of remembrance of the fragile... 
 Full-time women workers earned 80.2 cents for every dollar that full-time men workers earned in 2009. This figure... 
 Did you know Iowa desegregated its schools almost a century before Brown v. Board of Education?
 Want to end bullying in your school district? Contact the Iowa Pride Network, Iowa Department of Education, or Iowa Safe Schools Taskforce
 RT  School Bullying Results in Texas Teen Suicide, While California Teen Remains on Life Support  
 RT   Student Denied Homecoming Title by High School, But Still Finds Support    
 "Our liberties we prize, our rights we will maintain" - State motto of Iowa
 People may now file their civil rights complaints by email to the Iowa Civil Rights Commission. Please use ralph.rosenberg
 On Monday, Rights Working Group released "Faces of Racial Profiling: A Report from Communities Across America."... 
