 RT  Is it too late to paradrop  & team into DC to solve the  crisis? Bonus: seeing  jump  ...
 RT  Weird  Donors Give to National Debt 
 RT  So true! RT  If u have a piece of the right info at the right moment, can make all the difference. 
 MT  Prospect ID requires making order out of chaos to create a viable list.   
 RT  More fantastic  folks from        ...
 RT  Great post - what every good fundraiser needs - a magic drawer (via   
 Sorry to be missing today's  . . . had to hunker down and get some stewardship pieces prepared. Hope to catch up later today.
 RT   More awesome NPO pros:       
  Thanks so much for including me in the featured blog posts! Hope that you and the staff have a great weekend.
 RT  Today's featured blog posts are from  and    (cc: 
  You're very welcome!
 RT  Meaningful prospect contact should be made every 6 months.
 RT  Only through innovation we can exceed past performance.
  Ran into him with your vehicle? (cc:    
 RT  Happy couple we're appreciating at lunch:   (via  )
   Could also ask  how she handles the  transcripts.
 RT  RT  [Reid comm director]  "Boehner's bill dies tonight. Forever." Perhaps a "Mwahahahaha" wo ...
 RT  Here's my staff explaining the  --  
  Would be great to know if there is more than one Mrs. Jones and which one is the current wife.  
  As long as it is accurate, it could be useful for a fundraiser to know about a prospect/donor's divorce. 
 RT  Some in  feel its not okay to use "unflattering" info, like a divorce. Some feel its okay but must be ...
 RT  Based on the  roundtable discussion at   are using fb to obtain photos, but  ...
 RT  more than 75% of researchers agree  is ethical to use, next response is neutral, only 2% find unethical   ...
 RT  Diner's Journal: Dear FloFab: My Dinner Guests Invite Their Own Guests 
 RT   I thin it's hard to appreciate lifetime giving value w/o being familiar w/ Adrian Sargeant's work. Look him up
 RT   48% of researchers use social media sources daily, according to  survey, socmedia increases value of ...
 Many thanks to      for  RTs!
 If you are in  or anywhere near it and involved in  or  you need to know   
 As usual, here's to another informative   Great job 
 RT  Create excitement about cap campaign. Tell stories! Cultivate with events, hosted events, comm. events, technology presenc ...
 RT  Create EXCITEMENT about your campaign...u want people to be throwing money at you!!  
 RT  NPO's should have "rainy day fund" if no funds come in- enough for at least 6 months!!!!!!! & endowment on top of t ...
 RT  Lifetime value - used to compare groups of donors. Helps to focus on groups that need more attention for retention.  ...
 The clarity of your  mission should help keep your annual fund dollars coming in during a capital campaign. 
 RT  Dont forget that you still have annual goals during your capital campaign.  
 All board members should play a role on the capital campaign committee.  
    
 RT  Capital campaigns are the perfect intro to major business players for your NPO. Get personal & add value to committees  ...
 RT  Family gifts from boards and employees are crucial to capital campaign success!! 
 RT  capital campaign: 100% Board giving BEFORE foundation gives $$$. if they wont why should others? 
  QUESTION: How do you balance the capital campaign and the annual fund operations (esp in smaller orgs)? 
  We never worked together, but both went to  Connected while I was still a student.
 Feasibility study as a critical part of preparation for capital campaigns.  
 RT  Prepare for your capital campaign by having a clear mission, constituents who believe in you and an engaged board.  ...
  Just looked you up on LinkedIn and see that you know Sandra Toussaint-Burgher. She's been a great fundraising mentor of mine.
 Ready for today's  on capital campaigns!   Let's go On Air 
 RT  Winehouse family to set up substance abuse foundation  
 RT  Good advice! RT  Before looking at outside resources to learn about your prospects, look at your database fir ...
 RT   Princeton: no correlation bt financial aid and giving. Found the same thing at Purdue with my more limited data.
 RT  Focus your  on what impacts the size and timing of a gift.
 Hope there's a good excuse. MT  Will give interviewee a chance but dude better have A game at almost an hour late...
 RT   important to consider portfolio potential when setting gift officer expectations. -Brian McDonald 
  Let's hope so!  
 RT  Fndrsng in recession - analysis at Princeton showed that for gift levls above $25K, giving correlated w/the S&P inde ...
 So true! RT  I'm convinced that for every day you take off there are 2 days of prep and 1 day of recovery. Oy.
 RT  RT  Diane Crane:  Cold calls are good when you have news to share with a potential prospect. 
 RT  RT  From Ch 3 News... eBooks: Free at  area  
 RT  When asking for money, particularly from a past supporter, acknowledge past support and let him know how gifts were put to ...
 RT  I'm hosting the   at 11:30am(EST) www.880thebiz.com. Today's topic- Capital Campaigns.  ...
 RT  Bill Gates:  is the great equalizer, yet in America it’s stained with inequality.  
 RT  The MTA has two proposed fare hikes planned between now and 2015. How will that affect the future of your commute?
  You were missed! But we all know that life happens. Hope to tweet with you later this morning for the 
 RT  Once again - awesome 
 RT  If you give a video or other link - then youre driving them to something cool, but not to make a gift:) 
 RT  Save the date: August 3 - Donor acquisition strategies and tactics   
  A7: But should be opens, gifts made, clickthrough, unsubs 
  A7: Really depends on the length of campaign 
 RT   Email solicitations should tell a story to communicate the message. Use quotes and photos if possible.  ...
  I think both have their place. Wld be worth testing to see what works best for your population. 
 RT  A6:  "tricking" them into opening the e-mail turns them off big time.  
  A6: I think demonstrating impact is always important 
   RT    Next time, we need to wake you up before we go-go.  
  Greetings! 
 RT  A5: a big part of the storytelling should be driving ppl to ur website to learn more abt the topic + the org  ...
 Smart! RT   Sometimes we link to other, longer documents or web pages in case someone is interested 
 RT   A5: I always keep my text simple on email appeals. Compelling with a clear call to action.  
   What do you find led to unsubs in your population? 
 RT    shared this earlier this week, have a look. Tips for increasing your email open rates.  ...
 RT  Q4: What is the best timing and/or frequency of email appeals?  
 RT   I think for any email campaign, you want your site to be optimized for mobile.  
 RT   Anyone worried about mobile formatting of emails? Becoming more prevalent... 
 RT  The Agents of Good Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via   
 RT  We had a lot of success with open % with a subject line indicating "a personal appeal" from our CEO  
 RT   Short subject lines work best. And personalization lowers open rates signficantly.  
 RT     "the Hill is alive with the sound of waffling"
 RT   We need to start testing direct mail as much as we do emails (sigh) 
 RT  "For he himself has said it / and it's clearly a discredit / that he is a Congressman / He remains a Congressman!"  ...
 RT  Let me hear your own suggestions for songs from the new musical about Congress! Just add  to your tweets.
  It also helps to use those same topics as areas to engage around for future solicitations. 
 RT  A1 a siginificant way for us to demonstrate efficiency is to ask how ppl want to be communicated w and then do it - on  ...
  A1 There are always raffles where ppl drop their business cards in 
 RT   A1: At every pt of contact we're asking for email addresses. We always tout that it's more efficient to communic ...
 I'm here to back Brendan up! 
 RT  The more you humanize a prospect for a fundraiser, the better.  helps with that. 
 RT  One third of millionaires use   
 RT  Summary in linkedin profiles, voice of prospect. Written by prospect. Wonderful for  
 RT  5% of users account for 75% of all activity on twitter. 
 RT  50% of active users of fb log on every day. 80% of companies use linkedin as recruitment tool. 
 RT  RT  Prospect identification is a shared responsibility, (researcher and fundraiser).  ...
 RT  Same here! RT  Hello to all my colleagues at  I'm not there but I will be following! :)
 RT  In the beginning there were 3 x 5 cards.  
 RT  A School Asks Alumni Donors to Help Teach Students  
 RT  George Soros is closing his hedge fund to outside investors. Read about his giving in a recent profile by  :  ...
 RT  New post: Chairing the  board: Am I the one?    
 RT  Makes me sad & mad RT When measured by wealth,racial inequality in US is >than it’s bn since 1984.  http ...
 Excited to watch  host  tonight!
  Hopefully The Speaker has figured that out.
 RT  MT  Overheard Boehner saying "I didn't sign up for going mano-a-mano with the President of the United State ...
 RT  If you're a legit news outlet and you're not tweeting abt the debt ceiling right now, forget unworthy stories for a few ...
 RT  +1 RT .  After listening to these two speeches, I can't see the path to a deal and it's my job to follow this st ...
 RT  Heard anything from President Obama or Speaker Boehner tonight that you think we should fact-check? Let us know!
  Obviously neither had he or his sound crew.
 RT  RT   My color theory tells me green was a poor tie choice  
 RT  Are we sure that the White House didn't load Boehner's teleprompter? His speech seems designed to make Obama's point.
 RT  Watching this, you'd almost forget that this man is holding a gun to the head of the American economy. And cocking the h ...
 The government is sapping the drive of the American people? How so, Mr. Speaker?    
 RT  Now you're seeing why he felt the need to come on TV right afterwards. Can't lose control of the narrative. Cue the fals ...
 RT  Wow. Difference in tone between Boehner and Obama is striking. Wonder which will be more more persuasive/appealing  ...
  The Speaker's Official Office
 RT  Forget the Reagan quote. This is the Reagan strategy to pass the 1981 tax cuts: a call to Americans to push their members ...
 RT  Obama: "I believe that enough members of both parties will ultimately put politics aside and help us make progress."
 RT  This is an educational speech.  Speaking past pols and pundits to connect with/explain to those not following everyday.
 RT  We're getting Professor Obama tonight. Clear. Concise. Making the case well.
 RT  All about DLV! RT  Pay attn to those long-time, loyal  even though they're not classified as a major d ...
 RT  Five of the best New York burger joints via  
 RT   If you have the prospects with the capital, charitable Lead Trusts are a classic win-win.  ...
  Thanks for the Andy Rooney RT. He never ceases to amaze me with another cranky old man comment at the end of 
 And that concludes another old man rant from Andy Rooney . . . of course you don't know about Android phones. 
  Sounds like a buffalo chicken wrap from The Old Punch-Out.  (cc: 
 RT   Leading by Example ✩:         ...
    It did take many months of her living and going to school just a few blocks from my office.  
 RT  Just had a great lunch with  I wish  and  could have been there for the reunion. 
 Thanks to      for the  RTs!
  Always glad to do it when I can! Hope you are feeling better.
 RT  What do you think - Is the Annual Report Dead?   
 RT  Mobile giving is a great way to raise money through sports - real time engagement and feedback during the game! 
 MT  Matching grants between corp & individual donors is a great way to build community for a cause  
  Always happy to be there and help out when I can! Looking fwd to you hosting next week.
  Thanks for joining in!
 There you have it folks, another great  with our guest hosts  &  Well done, gentlemen!
 RT   and  are getting fans involved in raising money and awareness 
 Really smart for the  to use a major gift to engage the fans and bring in new donors for their mission 
 RT  yo guys- dont forget that  also tweets 4 a GREAT charity:  check em out!!!! 
  even got in the "On Air Adair" reference! Well done, sir. 
 RT  Like all aspects of fundraising: RESEARCH is key! Know what celebrities are interested in before you ask them for sup ...
 RT   unites athletes to eradicate childhood obesity.  
 RT  Working at a fdn has definitely made me aware of how important it is for grantees to document their work thru pics and vide ...
 RT  NPOs can make themselves more attractive by selling the media attn  foundations will receive through partnership 
 RT  Sports foundations want their players to be seen as human beings. Media relations key to partnership 
 RT  "Giving is headed towards partnerships, not just writing checks." Good thought,   
 Interesting to hear that  Foundation is interested in such a hands-on approach to   
 Live and direct this morning with  &  on the  
  I'm on the case!  
 RT  Today on the    &  talk sports  11:30 am ET www.880thebiz.com
 RT  House Bill Would Provide Permanent Extension for IRA Charitable Rollover | PNNOnline.org   ...
 RT  If you’re a fundraiser, read this for inspiration  
 RT  The Prospect Research Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via  
 RT  Fascinating lunch discussion: why does  flourish in some cities but not in others? Would love your input. ...
   Some good responses, rates seem to vary btw 1 & 10%, but did bring in more gifts to help reach challenge grant goal.
 Consider making a gift to help my friend Faith conduct international  research at  
  Always a joy to connect with you. Enjoy your evening
 Please expand on this . . . RT  envelope size matters.  
 RT   difference being you can always send another DM but can't as easily get back on your email list.  
  Hope you don't mind if I give that a whirl at my org! Always get great ideas in 
  Would you have any interest in doing a guest post on my blog about that challenge? Maybe next month?
  Do you usually do a simple EOY msg or an actual letter in these 12/30 or 12/31 e-mails? 
 RT  but thing to note for everyone about email blasts - you will ALWAYS get unsubs every time you send an email out. its na ...
  I want to hear more about that!!! Let's talk . . .  
  A7 Have also added in some e-stewardship to save some printing costs and serve as another touch point. 
  A7: We have experimented with special e-mail campaigns and have seen ok results thus far. 
  Glad you could join in! 
   Would the goal be to get more web gifts? Increased web traffic overall? 
  A6: I don't see how it would be useful in DM  
   I hope so, think we may just keep the BREs in the newsletter. Will have to analyze results further tho. 
  Did a number of small targeted appeals to start introducing the concept and to drum up extra gifts for a challenge grant 
  We are slowly transitioning from a pretty global approach to one that is very segmented. 
  A4: The vast majority of our income came from direct mail (appeals and special events) 
 RT  Major donors require one on one cultivation plus an AF appeal w/personal note. 
     Hoping that we can continue not using postage-paid BREs. 
     I am surprised that we are one of the few orgs still using postage-paid BREs. 
  Yeah, we saw a drop in appeal responses, but a big surge in newsletter giving (we kept postage-paid BRES in them) 
 Yes and YES! MT  we should have a fundchat re: donor acquisition:) 
  A3: The largest decline in recent years (aside from the recession) has been due to testing w/ omitting postage-paid BREs 
  I think that most orgs will have to transition to more targeted asks in the next few years in DM and e-appeals. 
   Yeah, ours are closer to the end of the calendar and fiscal years. 
  A2: In a normal year, minimum of two DM appeals, one in the early winter and the other in the early to mid-spring 
       Glad to be in the cool group! 
  Have you had better responses to this more targeted approach? 
 RT  yes it is the backbone of the program 
 RT  A1:  Yes.  Only way to (potentially) reach everyone. 
  A1: My org uses direct mail b/c our donors still use it very often. 
 Here and ready for 
 RT  Welcome! Tonight's  topic: Is Direct Mail Dead? Reassessing the Fundraiser’s Workhorse. First Q coming right up!  ...
  Hope that you're joining in on  in a few mins to share your love for DM!
 Recent  blog post -- Direct Mail: Dinosaur or Dynamite?   
 RT  Review tonight's  questions -  & tune in at 9 pm!  
 RT  New Yorkers are mourning the passing of Borders. Tell us: What does your local bookstore mean to you? 
 RT  Champoo: The champagne that's also shampoo. 
 RT  The Kirsten Bullock Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    ...
  I'd think it is a part of your rich Canadian upbringing
  You are a full-blown and unashamed witness for HRH. I was NOT prepared for the multiple verses of God Save the Queen. 
  Thanks for the RT! Hope that you are doing well. Will be in touch soon with that list of funding prospects.
  Next you're going to tell me that your ringtone for Her Majesty is Ja-Rule's duo with Charli Baltimore (Google it yourself)
  I know you're big time, Rayford, and would not be surprised to hear of Harper bringing you greetings on behalf of The Queen.
 RT  University Hospitals Receives $17 Million to Establish Children's Cancer Institute   
 RT  Can someone explain to me the purpose of "checking in" everywhere nd posting your location? Serious question.
  Rum punch that could take the varnish off a hardwood floor and rum cake that'll have you two-stepping right into the street
 Jerk chicken thighs for lunch in the dining room . . . the chefs must know that  is supposed to be in town w/ his fam soon.
  I am sure that you have a star-studded gala planned to celebrate the auspicious anniversary of your birth w/ PM Harper MCing.
 RT  2-minute phone call to your investors/donors/funders goes a long way w/nurturing relationships   cc ...
 Champagne wishes and caviar dreams to The Honorable  (aka Rayford Arphilius) for his birthday
  Wow, you move fast! Hope that you are doing well.
   Yeah, it was mentioned in the article and it's on my agenda. 
 RT  1)I'm coeditor of  We are looking for 101 great essays telling the real story of Black college life-Check ww ...
 RT  Bank of America Charitable Foundation Announces $50 Million Three-Year Pledge to Education as a Path to Workforce Success http ...
 RT  this is a fascinating article about the COO of Facebook 
 RT  Postmaster General Patrick Donahoe says mail deliver will be down to 3 days a week within 15 years 
 RT  A reason to marry? ... Married men get heart attack treatment faster 
 RT   is like an herb garden:  the more you tend & cultivate, growth occurs, adding zest & flavor to life & com ...
  I guess so. I'll get myself on by the end of the week.
       I guess I really should give in and join up.
 RT   I'm so w/you on the '2spaces-not-1 btwn sentences' debate. Mrs. Blake, my 9th grade typing teacher, woul ...
 Looks like  is about to get a special gift from the ladies of the US Soccer Team . . . let's hope she can keep it together!
      It's more ridonkulous that I still have not joined Google+ 
     Very appreciative to be in such good company, Nick!
 RT  A5: While we work independently as consultants, were not alone. Thats the best part. 
 RT  The importance of formal and informal ways to stay accountable  
 A5: Be sure to take note of the same advice you give to clients! 
  Making a good effort! We'll see how things look by Thursday.
   Now it makes more sense! Enjoy the rest of your day. 
 RT  Thursday's  will feature sports philanthropy info from   Boston Bruins Foundatio ...
  Twitter chat for nonprofit consultants
 RT  perhaps we should explore forming some  mastermind groups so we can help each other muddle through their maze  
  Accountability to ourselves to make progress 
  Glad to see you here. 
 Definitely! RT  Keep attending  - so much wisdom and positive energy here! 
 Please let us know when you do! RT  Im thinking of adding an application to my website for probono work 
 True. RT  Having staff to pay helped me separate the work from me. Not everyone can solve it that way 
 RT  Pro bono needs to be part of that self-strategic plan 
 RT  A3 to be honest, I havent figured out how to monetize sharing what Ive learned.  
 RT  barrier to success: my ignorance of how to proceed, in part. 
 A good idea! RT  A3: Blame the squirrel. 
 RT  I would have a clear vision and be taking steps steadily toward it 
 RT  A2: I'd have my own dashboard for progress like I customize for clients. Even reading topic for 2day made me realize ...
 RT  Great chat going on right now among consultants to nonprofits/community/public benefit orgs. Join at 
 RT  A1: They'd be willing -- if a bit freaked out -- to have the difficult conversations. To open themselves up for *gasp ...
 A1: They would have deep relationships with all donors, maximize their relationships w/ trustees, clearly communicate donor impact 
 A1: They would have diverse streams of  revenue. 
 Dan Blakemore, full-time fundraiser and occasional  consultant, focus on annual fund, major gifts & donor relations 
  Thanks for commenting on  With Your CEO  
 RT  Books without Borders:  
     I'll be there! 
 That sounds good! RT  I really want some fried green tomatoes.
 RT  We are saddened by the end of Borders. We're all in this book thing together. Our hearts go out to the 11,000 folks  ...
 Quick Tips:  with Your CEO  (cc: 
 RT  Attendees are using  &  to tweet before the conf. & in Austin. Follow  to keep up on the conf.. ht ...
     Yes indeed she is! 
 RT  For the best advice on how to incorporate Google+ into your nonprofit, follow my good friend 
 RT  {Recipe: Peach Scones}: 
 RT  Don't miss  chat tomorrow! "Consultants as the Cobbler's Kids"  1pm US-PT   ...
 RT  Another   success: $5K in 3 Days for  by  
 RT  If you had $100M, what would you solve? Rockefeller Foundation wants to know    ...
 RT  Sign on today and save the charitable deduction!     
  You are always welcome.
 RT  New blog post -- Networking online vs. networking in person -- 
  Thanks so much for the kind shout-out!
  LOVE IT!
 RT  I'm throwing Klout around Oprah style! +K for you and you and you...      ...
  If you are still on the hunt for Girl Scout cookies, get in touch with my cookie connection  She'll ship to u.
  Some interesting priorities . . . .
 RT  I have Girl Scout cookies available for sale! Tweet me for more info.   
  You have one? I love my Nook!
 RT  I'll be on WPRR Public Radio Grand Rapids tomorrow 10am talking   Listen live here: . ...
 George Wallace's Mexican hat on  is simply too much! 
 RT  I'm loving this show, 
         I still haven't signed up.
 The End of Subsidized Loans? - Inside Higher Ed:  via   
    WOW to R.I. Printing! Ahhh . . . memories of filing charges against criminals.  
 RT  Can you ask donors for more money in your thank-you letters? This blog post has the answer:   ...
 RT  Check out "Alex's Day Off" right now on Cooking Channel
    It's called somebody's cousin has been making those shirts since Drew opened. 
   WOW to Careless Whispers!
 RT  QOTD: What data is available to predict your  results? Yes, the RFM model, but what other data sources?  ...
  Well those shifts are natural in life; hard to accept that we grow apart from some those originally near & dear  friends.
   Well early congratulations on 15 years together! Me &  are at 5 yrs together this month.
  That is very good to hear! (Sidenote: today is my parents' 40th anniversary. 
  That is very true, but I'd say there must be an honest assessment of friends vs. associates in these situations (& on both sides)
  Yeah, just under 3 months away from the big day.
   RT  Not you skiing on the dance floor
  The fiancee is out with a girlfriend, so being productive while on my own. I love getting things done in the quiet of night
   This should be quite an event!
  I'm also catching up on some DVR while roasting vegetables to accompany my planned meals for the week.
  I'm already a nightowl, but starting the day with a serious workout prob is helping keep me going.
  It is well-deserved (and always a good feeling)!
   Alright, I have a feeling that there will be a lot of co-signing against me on this one.
  What's the good word on your end, my friend?
  RT  Some of my best friends have been women that I've had a crush on, but never dated.
  Yes indeed I am. Was exhausted last night, but going strong tonight, mostly due to an early morning workout w/ trainer.
  If you say so . . . I hope none of my friends are worried about this. 
 RT  has reviewed Why Rich People Give on weRead - 
  I guess I understand this concern, but I wonder why folks expect their married friends to disappear from life.
  Sounds like you and  are back on the "after dark" M.O.
 RT   RT  Good!  is not for wimps! :)
  It is worth aspiring to, but it is hard work.  
  WOW and WOW some more, Dr. Stitt!
 RT  Conflict—It’s a Good Thing    
 RT   some great  people:      
 RT   Awesome tweeps, turned good friends,& must follow:      ...
  Thanks for the RT! Hope you have a great weekend.
 Thanks to great  tweeps        for kind FFs
  Yeah, did three loads of laundry after work, so I prob was a bit tired.
  Passed out by 11. Body woke up at 530 ready to go. Thankfully I am meeting the trainer at 9, so it's not so bad.
  Cannot believe that you are up cooking at this hour.
    Co-sign on her being a baby. 
 RT  A great relationship is just 2 people who specialize in forgiveness.
       That would mean that I need to join Google+ . . .
      Present and accounted for!
  Hope you can make it on the 29th for the next one!
  Thanks to you for following! Hope that you have a great weekend.
  Good for you! Have a great weekend, Marc. 
  And a great way to learn from amazing people! 
  Twitter chat for   and marketing folks at small nonprofits.
   I simply was not ready for Ewok!  
 RT  That hour DID go by really quickly!!  Thanks for joining, and thanks to   for cohosting/archiving  ...
 RT  Ideas for combining work/outdoors: Get out for staff/donor mtgs, take break in the park, plan ahead to work outside. Other ...
 Now THAT sounds good! RT  I did an ice cream social for donors AND staff w/ one org I worked w/. 
 RT  Nice! RT  Speaking of taking a break from the daily grind, I loved this post by   ...
  And our buildings are next to a park  
  It's been great the last two days in  been about 80 and breezy 
 A4: Be sure to schedule time to work outside, whether catching up on reports, fleshing out an ask, preparing for a meeting. 
  Would you be interested in doing a guest post about this? I think that so many fundraisers could use that idea.
 RT   I also spend time in the summer having my staff shadow staff from other departments. Big learning opp!
 RT  We survey donors with a call out box in our e-newlsetters. One question only. Our response rate is fabulous! 
  It's actually just getting started. Outgrowth of a group I co-chair for  alumni in  
  Well be on the lookout for a few blog posts as a result of my reading. 
 Reading Reynold Levy's Yours for the Asking with a  book group I just joined. 
  I have been taking this to heart recently. Adding in brief surveys with our annual donor reports to see what they like/don't like.
 RT  Need to constantly engage your  Ask them questions, get their feedback & post it! 
 RT  RT  Always learning! Blogs my new fav outlet. So much great info from SMART ppl! Many can be found daily on T ...
  Red velvet is my fiance's favorite (and quickly growing on me too)! Glad to see you joining in the chat.
 RT  July is mid-year analysis time. We retreat to a house stocked with food and talk through our gaps in revenue. 
  Yeah, so all we really need is lunch. All orgs should take the time to look at the big picture and plan accordingly. 
  We have always done it on site (a perk of running a residential community for international grad students) 
  RT   That's so cool, Shanon!   
 RT  Summer means cool treats. For our employee donors, we send an ice cream truck and tell them to have a scoop on us.  ...
 A2: Review and revise your acknowledgments for the rest of the year based on the appeals and events coming up. 
 A2: Every yr our development staff has a retreat in the early summer to plan for the next fiscal year. Been really helpful. 
 RT  Quick recap: summer = ideal time to do asks, connect on more indiv level with donors. Lots of people using video = fantast ...
 RT   Most fiscal years end in summer - do celebration & show impact of donations then to build donor relatio ...
 RT   Absolutely - summer is my busiest time of year. Ask when very few are asking = big results. 
 RT  I make sure my donors know what I am spending their money on. 
 A1: Named room & scholarship reports, the annual President's Report to Donors, hoping to do some calls to planned giving donors 
  The Salt Lick is actually the first place we're going when we get off the plane! 
 Dan Blakemore, fundraiser for  and blogger at . Trips to Austin & Atlanta in late summer. 
 RT   is about to start! Today's topic: Summertime...what are you doing to strengthen relationships?
 Hey Mr. Fundraiser . . . quit asking your board members to trespass  (by the amazing Simone Joyaux) 
   You are both too kind! Thanks for the 
 RT  Good fundraising take strong relationships.  Strong relationships take good communication.  Good communication take ...
 RT    b/c her vast  knowledge sharpens my skills as a FR.
 RT  Today’s   EST | Summertime ... what are you doing to strengthen relationships? Pls share? 
 RT  Does your  have data entry protocols to ensure consistent data entry for your  & other donations? Accura ...
  Ok then, I look fwd to hearing what you think after reading the book. And the blank stare made me laugh.
  If you insist, sure! Happy to help in any way that I can.
  I see that you are thinking of going the blog route. What else are you thinking in the personal branding realm?
  Then it sounds like you are already on the right track, lady!
  I definitely don't consider myself a personal branding guru, btw.
  To start, you should definitely follow  and check out her blogs. Also check out 
 RT  Six Ways to Engage the Entrepreneurial Donor  
  I wondered if some would balk at that.
  Well, I have only worked in orgs w/ budgets of $10M or less, so I may be there with you on what qualifies as a major gift.
  Thanks so much Mary! Would love to hear more about your major gifts experience.
  just compared the election of Haley Barbour to the election of BOSS HOGG from The Dukes of Hazzard.   
 Kind thanks to    for sharing/RTing my recent major gifts post!  
  Thanks for RTing the  post!
   Yeah, I think that cat is out of the bag and has run down the street.
 Had a lunch appointment and had to miss today's  Guess that I'll be catching up on the stream this evening . . .
 RT  Didn't accomplish everything you wanted today? That's okay. Tomorrow is a new day, full of opportunities! 
 RT  How do you manage stress?  shares his ideas for coping in our latest video    ...
  Thanks so much for following!
 RT  Wealthy Donors Throw Their Support to Colleges  by  via  
  I saw the LinkedIn update! Congratulations on this new challenge. Would love to hear more about it sometime soon.
 RT  Just when you think you can't take the microwave version of NYC, a cool wind comes in and blows the stink and heat off the p ...
 RT  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! I missed  tonight!!!!! wait, what's that? there was no  tonight??? phew!!! ok,  ...
 RT  when everyone in your org speaks with one voice, donors (and others) get a much more consistent message 
    Ahh yes, the good old days when you kept a copy of everything just in case.
    Not in triplicate! Is this the  Financial Aid office? (So they could then lose all 3 copies)
    Still not particularly convinced, but will let this one slide. 
    Grown . . . I'll need you to show me some papers on that one, madam.  
 RT  Be encouraged. Stay on your hustle. You can’t fail until u quit.
  It was great to finally meet you! Looking forward to hearing how things go in the next few months.
 Thank you call to a 103-year-old  alumna who called her experience as a resident in 1930 "enlarging" 
   Wow sir, stillbitter.com
    It's time to get serious about dealing with revenue AND expenses. 
 RT  Mayors like  and  give municipal innovation and community reinvestment super swag!
 RT  If u are interesting in becoming a rich consultant,  will share useful info  Thur, 7/14,  ...
 Engaging Your Board in the Major Gifts Program     (cc: 
  And with the advent of social media, I think networking face-to-face is more important than ever!
  Social media has expanded my knowledge base & access, but I think it's still important to be there in person when you can.
 RT  Do you feel a need to go to less conferences and networking meetings due to social media?
 RT  NPO's- it's MY birthday and my present to YOU is free consulting from NPO Pros  &  http: ...
