 I'm at Shining Stars Daycare Center (5930 Bowman Road, Manlius Center Road, East Syracuse) 
  bahaha Nope :)
 I'm at Wegmans (6789 E Genesee St, Fayetteville) w/ 2 others 
 I'm at East Syracuse Elementary School (230 Kinne St, James St, East Syracuse, NY) 
 My, how I've been neglecting Twitter lately. The down side of a busy Summer!
 Watching Japan vs. USA (Final) on 
 Been waiting for years, and I finally got a Spotify account...and I LOVE IT!
 Wondering what makes a week drag along as much as this week has!
 Love cleaning a half inch of toilet water off of the floor, first thing in the morning at work!
 I'm at Wegmans w/  
  :) Dont you worry. Sunscreen is on almost all the time.
 Pretty lucky my boss scheduled me to get out of work at 12:30 on such a beautiful day! Might go for a swim and lay in the sun for a bit!
 I'm at Syracuse Hancock International Airport (SYR) (1000 Colonel Eileen Collins Blvd., Syracuse) 
 I just unlocked the "School Night" badge on  
 A very happy 4th of July to all, especially to those who we owe the continuance of our independence.
  sad :( but at least I don't have to pay the fees anymore
 I'm at Wegmans (6789 E Genesee St, Fayetteville) w/ 4 others 
 Bye-bye, CMBeaudet.com. You will be missed, but your cost of upkeep will not be.
 Tgif! Hoping everyone's had a good week! I'm sure glad to be ending my 40 hour work week!
 Been partying and working 9-hour shifts since Sunday. Had a more relaxed day, and back to my hectic schedule again tomorrow!
 RT  YAYAYAY  
  Thank you!
  Thanks Marty!
 Graduating! Wow!
 Torrential rain on the night of graduation. Classy, 
 Today's the day! Wow, how time has flown by! Relaxing for a bit, big graduation dinner with family, then off to graduation itself!
 MAN it came fast, and I'm ecstatic to say that it's high school graduation day!
 Work is getting longer and longer over the next few weeks. Almost ready to be done!
 Graduation hair cut ( The Color Express) 
 So glad getting an unlimited Verizon data plan ahead of switch to tiered data pricing means I get to keep my unlimited data! No complaints!
 Graduation Rehearsal. And we clearly need it. ( The Oncenter War Memorial Arena w/  
 I'm at Magee Country Diner (1303 Rte 414, Waterloo) 
 Spending the day with family at the Waterloo Premium Outlets!
 Going to be spending the rest of the night with "Jungleland" on repeat. Good night all, and rest in peace 
 Mr. Clemons, you truly were a legend, and amazing at my favorite instrument. What a saxophone player you were. Thank you and rest in peace.
 Winding down a long day by watching COPS on FOX.
 RT  Obama to personally tweet from Twitter account 
 RT  Let's trend 
 My father's absence from my life has reached the 10 year mark. As I start a new chapter in life I'm determined to make things right.
 I'm at Wegmans (6789 E Genesee St, Fayetteville) w/ 2 others 
 I'm at Wegmans 
  YEAH. So do I! By far the best day of the week! rofl
  I am addicted.
 RT   Makes my life.
 There's nothing I enjoy more in life than helping people but isn't it a common courtesy to give someone notice if you need them for an hour?
  Ok, thank you! I'll be sure to keep an eye out!
 I'll admit it. I cried a little at the end of Super 8 because it got personal to me. Wow.
 I'm at Regal Cinemas Shoppingtown Stadium 14 (3649 Erie Blvd E, Syracuse) 
 WTF? is all I have to say to this presidential debate. Dancing with the Stars vs American Idol. What the hell kind of questions are these?
 Worked on my website for a while - content is well underway! Now getting myself ready to go to work!
 Interesting: Casey Anthony Trial Coverage Gives HLN An Identity 
  Are  you sure he isn't part cat?
 RT  I shit you not, lady went thru line w/ $40 in cucumbers and on phone said, "I'm checking out. Cucumbers get me off so well."
  Thanks for calling me out on that. I agree 100% "looking "perfectly normal" isn't the feat - it's functioning normal that's tricky"
  Very, very much agreed!
  Yup, I'll be a freshman. Class of '15!
  Hello :) :)
  Yeah, I noticed that after! But regardless, it was worth watching!
 Rep. Giffords released the first photos since the Tucson Tragedy. That she looks almost perfectly normal is to say the least miraculous.
 Didnt Arcade Fire say it was their last song of the night three songs ago? Regardless, Ecstatic they played an extra couple songs! 
 RT  Oh hai there Régine. Nice to hear your voice again. 
 Nothing beats when your favorite band plays your favorite song live!!!  
 Arcade Fire live NOW at Bonaroo, and live courtesy of VEVO!!
 RT  Note to senators: Have your cyber affairs on MySpace & no one will ever know about it. Via 
 I'm at Chili's Grill & Bar (3691 Erie Blvd E, Dewitt) 
 I just unlocked the "Bender" badge on  
  It's late but CONGRATULATIONS and thank you - for inspiring me to pursue a career in human rights and strive to better the world.
  I'm intrigued, especially because of your product designs and commitment to USA jobs! Is there any way to preorder a pair?
 Just turned on SMS updates for the first time in about a year. 
  I'm serious. Dead serious.
  bahaha enough with the plastic surgery already!
 Day one of Summer is here! Getting a couple things done and going to some grad parties! Congratulations to all of the Class of 2011!!
 I'm at Wegmans (6789 E Genesee St, Fayetteville) 
 Final minute of high school!
 Half way through my last day of high school already. Crazy!
  naw, I work after school. And thanks! I'll try to enjoy it!
 Just boarded the school bus for the last time ever! My, how these thirteen years of school have flown by!
  ive always wondered-  why is your account name ninja?
 "Fighting for peace is like Fuc*ing for virginity." Ah, the infinite wisdom of the writing on the bathroom stall.
  hahahahahahah i laughed so hard
 I just unlocked the "Player Please!" badge on  
 I'm at Wegmans (6789 E Genesee St, Fayetteville) w/ 2 others 
 RT  Why it's the last week of senior year and everyone decides to finally talk to each other. 
 My condolences to the family of Deputy Kurt Wyman, a 24-year old military veteran and police officer who died in the line of duty last night
  Hey, as long as it gets done. I'm not about to complain. At all. NOPE.
 RT  My daddy says don't shoot the messenger, unless the message is: "Hey, do me a favor; shoot this messenger."
  You did it!
  HA. Well I got some more stuff for it and put it in the drop box. I'll do some work on it in a bit. Just got home from work
  DRAT. Then whose are they?
  bring me $5,000 dollars ransom and you can have these back 
 The Script will be playing Chevy Court for the NYS Fair! Finally a good artist!
  Thank You! :)
  Thank you :)
  Why, thank you :)
 Gratefully received the Lt. Kevin W. Barry Law Enforcement Scholarship tonight!
 Senior achievement awards ceremony!
 I'm at Syracuse Hancock International Airport (SYR) (1000 Colonel Eileen Collins Blvd, Syracuse) w/ 3 others 
 Putting the finishing touches on my website design and hoping to put in the fillers and launch it within the next 2-3 weeks!
 RT  “ Last night was my Senior Ball & my friends & I did "the face" to practice for the dance floor ;D  ...
 Was so caught in the whirlwind that I didn't even tweet about the events of the night! Man, I can't believe Senior Ball is already over!
 I'm at East Syracuse-Minoa Central High School (6400 Fremont Road, East Syracuse) 
 Prom photos! ( Thornden Park Rose Garden) 
  hahaha he's actually hilarious now
 Wow, the entertainment act that our school hired for the day is an epic disaster!
 Can somebody explain to me how I manage to repeatedly lose the silicone ear pieces from my earbuds? Because I can not figure it out.
 Keeping my family in Springfield, Massachussetts in my prayers tonight after severe tornado damage. Hoping all is well!
 Picking up my tux for Senior Ball! ( Men's Wearhouse) 
 Lesson of the day: Lysol was originally used as a douching solution.
 35% off new website plans at iPage Web Hosting, courtesy of (and exclusive to) CMBeaudet.com! Reply or DM me if interested!
 Are there really only 8 days left of my senior year? Where did the time go!?
  hahahahha thanks! I finished eating like an hour ago though. I split one of the slices in half for the third cracker :D
 Ah, that moment when you have three crackers but only two pieces of cheese.
 A Happy Memorial Day to all, but especially those who continue to defend our country and fight in our wars. We owe our livelihoods to you.
 "Hey...what's not to like about Fergie..other than the fact that she pees herself when she performs on stage? But that was only one time..."
 I'm at Sylvan Beach NY (1000 main st, Sylvan Beach) w/ 3 others 
 About to head out to meet up with family at Sylvan Beach. Hoping that the weather holds up! 
 Summer is a comin', high school's ending, and I've finally got enough time to get back into Twitter and get my website back up and running!
 Senior skip day, 237 absent students, and most absent students ever for one day at our high school. Way to break a record, Class of 2011!
 Regardless of tonight's results, this season on American Idol was RIDICULOUS. One of the best seasons ever!
 AH! Half way through the third-to-last week of high school, and I'm so ready for it to come quicker!
 I'm at East Syracuse-Minoa Central High School (6400 Fremont Road, East Syracuse) 
 6:01pm. Oh, DARN, Mr. Camping. It appears your math was wrong again! Maybe you should go back to school and visit a psychologist!
 I just became the mayor of CountryMax on  
 I'm at Vollmer's Farm Market (6576 Collamer Rd, East Syracuse) 
 Getting up to do some yard work. Must be sure my house looks decent for the second or third time the world is supposed to end this year!
 Just out of the doctor's and referred to a dermatologist for observation/treatment. Relieved that there arent any serious issues!
  Haha Thanks :)
  Thank you :)
 At the doctor's office getting a couple lumps looked at. Hoping all goes well and that there's nothing wrong with them!
 SHOCKED at tonight's  result. Not the outcome I was hoping for.
 Walmart Supplier Supports Torture, False Imprisonment of Labor Activists: 
  :)
 I love Jennifer Love Hewitt but I don't think Law and Order SVU can survive without Mariska Hargitay! She is the reason I watch the show!
 Black bear takes to the streets of Minoa for a bite to eat: 
  it is minoa..down the street from me
  yes yes. Big black bear on East Ave.
 There's a black bear running around my neighborhood. No big deal!
 Story of my life....no...REALLY 
 A very rainy start to monday. Good thing I love rain!
 Another weekend come and gone - but I hope everyone made it a good one!
 WOW ProPave is extremely unprofessional. It's 8am on a Saturday and they're making noise like it's mid day and mid week.
 Car broke down in the city, favorite co-worker's last day, work was terrible. A pretty bad  and looking forward to the weekend!
 Study hall teacher constantly freaking out about a mouse and runnng from the room = me not getting any work done
 I'm at Wegmans (6789 E Genesee St, Fayetteville) w/ 4 others 
 Rave in english class? We'll see how this goes.....!
 Let the final 30 day countdown to the end of high school commence!
 I'm at East Syracuse-Minoa Central High School (6400 Fremont Road, East Syracuse) 
 RT  What's all the emergency vehicle/helicopter commotion east of  just now?
 80 minutes of "Apples to Apples". Cool.
 While I'll miss Meredith, I am so, so thrilled that  will officially be the new cohost of "Today"! It's about time!
 A very  to all of the mothers out there! This day's for you. Enjoy it!
 Couric leaving CBS, Viera leaving NBC, Burnett leaving NBC for CNN, Lauer reportedly leaving NBC. Some major transitioning taking place!
 "Today" Show's Lauer and Viera will reportedly vacate their seats at the end of their contracts. Can "Today" survive such a major shake up?
 American University's 2011 Commencement ceremony is trending and live streaming. I am so determined to get in in a couple years! 
 I can not lie: "Water for Elephants" blew me away. Such a stellar, heartfelt film. *****
 Steven Spielberg and J.J. Abrams producing one movie? MIND BLOWN.
 I'm at Regal Cinemas Shoppingtown Stadium 10 (3649 Erie Blvd E, Syracuse) w/ 3 others 
 I'm at Wegmans (6789 E Genesee St, Fayetteville) w/ 3 others 
 Seriously thinking about buying tickets to  Buffalo, NY show! Excited!!!
  thank you, but our loss is nothing compared to the family of the student.
 Off to what will be an emotionally stressful day at school because of the death of a class mate.
 I am torn apart that I can't be a part of the crowd outside the White House right now. But nothing could damper this moment!   
 RT  BREAKING:  is speaking right now announcing Osama Bin Laden is dead. Turn on your TV now! pls pass on!
 RT  Someone needs to teach me how to do a cartwheel right the fuck now!
 RT  Well this sucks...I accidentally enabled location on my tweets.
 RT  Obama - birth certificate - Osama - death certificate. Dyslexic Tea Party members confused and elated.
 If Osama Bin Laden's death means that my children will live in just a slightly brighter and safer world, I will be truly ecstatic.
 RT  My sons are going to grow up in a world without Osama bin Laden.
 RT  Osama Bin Laden about to be announced dead just in time to give life to a sputtering Obama reelection campaign.  Das good TV.
 BREAKING NEWS: U.S. officials are certain: Osama Bin Laden is dead.
 "The President has an important announcement to make to the world. Not just the nation, the world." Expecting a major announcement tonight.
  It's reportedly regarding a major national security development. For this late on a Sunday, I'd definately expect it.
 Alert: President Obama is to make an unexpected live statement at 	10:30pm EST.
 News that one of my class mates who I grew up with has passed away has begun spreading. I really wish this weren't true.
  Thanks! They have, and this week looks bad, but things are being worked out. I'm not the only one with issues at work.
 News: The flight recorder from the Air France jet that crashed in 2009 has been recovered.
 I'm at The Waterfront Tavern (204 East River Road, Brewerton) 
 If American Apparel kept its products in stock, maybe it wouldn't have such bad financial problems! It's so frustrating to find my size!
 Car Wash time! ( Delta Sonic) 
 Drinking all of my coffee from the cup I bought in Washington, DC, in reminder of my true goal of going to school and living there.
  Not "ew"!
  I know everyone goes through it sometime in life. It's just frustrating. But thank you, I'll try!
 My boss' newly hired nephew has pushed me out of my position at work. I've worked my butt off for 2 years and I won't be treated this way.
 Just looked at and touched my own DNA. No big deal!
  Yeah, I guess it depends on where you live. For me, it's either that or the East Syracuse store, which....isn't comparable.
  Well there's always Liquor City, which Wegmans "Doesn't own"...
 RT  Netflix > homework. Sorry, school
 RT  RT  : Brian Willams once again shows why he has class flying back from london with news team to cove ...
 Though I love extreme weather,  it looks like a nasty night and morning ahead for the eastern and mid-west states. Everybody stay safe!
 NewsChannel9 is doing an exceptional job, even in the weather department. I don't think I've seen such comprehensive storm coverage!
  yeah! I'm so angry!
  i work at 3:30!
 There's a severe storm coming and we're not being allowed to leave school. I'm 18 and I have to be at work at 3:30. Come on!
 Oy vey! By the time the debate over President Obama's citizenship is settled, he'll have already left office! It's better left alone!
 "Why can't you support my gibberish? I'd do it if YOU were stupid!"
 Blood:Water mission was a great experience, but returning to my daily morning coffee is something I'll be cherishing now that it's over!
 An uneventful, and laid back Easter this year, but none the less, it was enjoyable. Hoping everybody had a great holiday as well!
  Nah, not too bad.
 I'm at Wegmans (4438 James St, at Thompson Rd, East Syracuse) 
 A very happy Easter to all who celebrate, and to those who don't, I wish you a wonderful Sunday!
 RT  How Are Mac & PC People Different? [INFOGRAPHIC]  via  
 Just bought a new pair of kicks - Supra Stacks, and ordering a pair of Supra Avengers. SO SICK!
 I'm at Urban Outfitters (221 Walton St., Syracuse) 
 I'm at Carousel Center (9090 Carousel Center, Syracuse) w/ 9 others 
 Arcade Fire is to re-release The Suburbs at the end of June, with two new exclusive songs. And, I'm so into them that I'll purchase it.
 On this Earth Day: Onondaga County recognized as top ten green community by the EPA and the top recycler of paper in the nation by AF&PA.
 Stefano should have stayed at least another 1-3 weeks on  ! He was the hardest working, yet bottom 3 week after week? Give me a break.
 I'm at Wegmans (6789 E Genesee St, Fayetteville) w/ 5 others 
 11:45 at night? What better than to go out and see what's open?
 I'm at Regal Shoppingtown Mall Stadium 14 (3649 Erie Blvd E, Syracuse) 
 Just listening to The Decemberists' new album "The King is Dead". Another RIDICULOUSLY good release by a ridiculously great group!
 Working 9-6 today. Hoping my kids will behave better today than they have been!
 Making pasta primavera! Gnam!
 Just bought store brand Premium Mocha Java Icecream. Love this place so much! ( Wegmans w/ 3 others) 
 My notably inaccurate bio made me realize that a new period in life is developing quick. Trying to enjoy the here and now while it lasts!
 Starbucks releases its 2010 Global Responsibility Report 
 YES! I've been waiting all Winter, just for a thunderstorm, and one's finally rolling in!
 I'm at St Matthew's Catholic Church (229 W Yates St, East Syracuse) 
 If more people bought organic, locally grown products, maybe the agriculture oligopolies (Perdue, Tyson) would clean up their act!
 Arcade Fire for NYS Fair grandstand? Please? It's one of my very few wishes for my last Summer at home!
 I'm at Wegmans (6789 E Genesee St, Fayetteville) w/ 4 others 
 Choppin' the hair! ( The Color Express) 
 Off to New York State band majors. We'll see how this competition goes!
 Just got back from my first 20+ minute run since early October. 
 My science homework ate my dog!
 RT  I dont see the point in arguing with a pothead about pot. 
  yes, yes. But it's just a movie quote, which I found to be...compelling, and slightly personal. (Autumn Hearts)
 If you ask me, "Do you believe in god?", forgive me if I answer, "Does god believe in me?"
 RT  Ualbany 
 No, that application didn't just "stop working", I CLOSED it. Stupid Windows 7!
 Happy Friday!
 RT  The  is used 24,000 times a DAY on Twitter -We have the power to stop that. Help  spread the word  ...
 Hum. Not a fan of tonight's bottom 3 tonight on  but the show's at a point where anyone could go because of the level of talent.
 RT  "You. Donkeynapped. George." LMFBO WHAT
 I have never felt so happy that there isn't a speck of snow anywhere to be seen!
 I'm at Wegmans (6789 E Genesee St, Fayetteville) w/ 2 others 
 A 7.2 earthquake just struck off of the the coast of Japan. Hoping this ends better than the one a few weeks ago! My gosh.
 My problem with American Apparel? When a new order comes, I can never decide which item to wear first because everything is so great!
 I'm at Shining Stars Daycare, Inc. (5930 Bowman Road, East Syracuse) 
 I just ousted Ashlee C. as the mayor of Shining Stars Daycare, Inc. on  
 It's bad enough to threaten state law makers, but school children and school buses? What are people THINKING? They need to be put away.
  40 days of drinking tap water to raise awareness, aid for millions who lack clean water. Info: 
 Day 23 of  of Water and still going strong! Enjoying this cause, and it's an awesome one! The water is even satisfying!
 The Truth Behind Bottled Water: 
 Finally some closure for the families of the victims of the 2009 Air France crash. Bodies have been found and will be identified.
 I'm at BJ's Wholesale Club (2 Chevy Dr, Bridge St, East Syracuse) 
  SAGE! How could I forget Sage? Well, that's definitely a plus to add to my list!
  It makes it nice to know someone!! Where are you going? Saint Rose? Albany Med?
 Having the toughest time choosing between Utica College and UAlbany. Up until now, I thought I was set on Utica. Not so much now.
 My choices are down to Utica College, which has a new Justice facility, and UAlbany, which is ranked  in the country for Criminal Justice
 Departing at 7:15 for a college visit in Albany. After today, I'm submitting enrollment to a college! Where did the time go?
 RT  My Grammy fights toy dinosaurs. It's rad!
 Congratulations to 9WSYR's Rod Wood and Carrie Lazarus, who have been inducted into the New York State Broadcasters' Assn. Hall of Fame!
 RT  A radical new way to interact with your email. Introducing Gmail Motion: 
 RT  Arcade Fire are apparently the first reigning Album of the Year  winners to play in  since The Fugees i ...
 Just out of a presentation by Todd Zion, an alumnus of my high school who invented SmartInsulin, a revolutionary new diabetes treatment.
 Ditch GoDaddy and it's elephant killing CEO, Bob Parsons: 
 I'm at Wegmans (6789 E Genesee St, Fayetteville) w/ 3 others 
 Well, the very small upside to my night was that I found super absorbant paper towels come in handy during extreme emotional meltdowns.
 Only 2.5 more months of waking up exhausted to go do uninteresting work! Can't wait to do work that will take me somewhere in life! 
 As of tomorrow, I'll no longer be the low man on the totem pole at work!
 In the bathroom at school, kid is narrating each side of comic book battle between paper shredders, then the Wizard of Oz. He isnt leaving.
 Really hoping this day doesn't continue like it started! Ah!
 I'm at Wegmans (4438 James St, at Thompson Rd, East Syracuse) 
 RT  Hey winter suppose to be over! Go away cold weather, I want to be wearing shorts already!
  Creative! Name your next one Chris Brown.
 Just bought  Live Horses EP! Pure brilliance, maybe even better than the studio version!
 Five for Fighting's "The Riddle" is, in my opinion, the best song ever written about love and the meaning of life. Just...beautiful.
 Earth Hour 2011 is tonight at 8:30pm EST! Switch off your lights and support global action against climate change!
 FOX picks up Fringe for a fourth season!
 Had a great day at Utica College. I'm definately even more into the school, but first have to do some other visits!
 I'm at Utica College - Economic Crime And Justice Studies Building (1600 Burrstone Road, Utica) 
 I just unlocked the "Superstar" badge on  
 ~ Hour drive out to Utica College for an accepted student day visit! Stoked!
  So glad you're safe tonight! Congrats! Can't wait till next week!
 I was afraid that Stefano was going home tonight. A shocker in many ways, and glad it wasn't Stefano at all, and that Casey was saved! 
  I'm in the same boat! It seems like I only slept 4-5 of seven nights this week! No relief from exhaustion!
 RT  LOL, OMG and FYI have been added to the Oxford English Dictionary. Somewhere, Shakespeare begins to weep. /
 RT  RT: "I think anyone expecting a sequel to The Suburbs will be a bit disappointed. We will return to the sound of Fun ...
 Victims of sexual harassment by American Apparel CEO on the Today Show tomorrow. Sad that such a good company has such an unethical CEO.
 RT  Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the universe together. Oprah Winfrey
 I'm at Target (340 Towne Dr, at North Burdick St, Fayetteville) w/ 3 others 
 If I hear one more person say, "LOL" out loud today, sh*it's goin' DOWN.
 This snow is upsetting, to say the least.
 Words with Friends, anyone? CMBeaudet
 The verdict: Rejected by AmericanU. I will be working my butt off at Utica College for the next 4yrs and hopefully transferring for masters!
 Playing Nick: SceneIt? With the kids at work. Question: "Which is not a cat?" And pictures of 3 cats and the butler from CatScratch pop up.
 80min w/o teacher. hall monitor walks in. We convince her we have teacher. She tells about class that went a 40 MIN w/o one, and we lose it.
 I've never been so happy to see rain!
  Why, Happy Birthday Justine!
 Another wave of American University admission decisions went out Thursday, meaning I'll be nervously approaching my mailbox tomorrow!
 Days like this remind me that in addition to being in love with American University, I want to go to D.C. to go far away from my family.
 I'm at Dominick's Restaurant (1370 Burnet Ave., Teall Ave., Syracuse) 
 I'm at Wegmans (4438 James St, at Thompson Rd, East Syracuse) 
 Getting my car Super Kissed! ( Delta Sonic) 
 RT  When Theodore Roosevelt died they found a book under his pillow. Up to the very last he was still striving to learn.  ...
 RT  I bet all of the other moons think that Super Moon has an ego problem.
 RT  U.S. defense official: U.S. prepared to enforce no-fly zone in  with cruise missiles from warships.  ...
 "Wow" is all I have to say to Northwestern Mutual's Permanent Life Insurance commercial. Incredibly well produced!
 RT  Whoever made this photoshop has issues.  
 Libya's foreign minister declares cease-fire after U.N. Security Council OKs no-fly zone to protect civilians.
 Are any other Verizon Wireless subscribers in  having service issues at the moment?
 RT  My principal said i couldn't wear my Karate outfit to school... So, I wore it to his funeral
 Well, minus the ridiculous Louisville loss, my  bracket isn't looking too shabby!
  You have to be joking. RT  hahahahahahaha 
   Almost everything on my college shopping list except electronics is made in USA, and the total $ is pretty decent.
 RT  Is this week over yet? I'm emotionally spent.
  Uh...news flash: I'm in your economics class.
  American made products.
  I failed to notice your other reply. Yeah, it was a good series, but it wasn't very thorough, or at least their research wasn't
  I know what you're talking about, but my Tweet had nothing to do with the ABC Miniseries. Our oven literally breaks every week.
 That we can't use our 5 year old Frigidaire oven for a week without its handle breaking off is truly furthering my crusade to buy American.
 I'm at Wegmans (6789 E Genesee St, Fayetteville) 
 Words With Friends? Play me: CMBeaudet.
 I'm a senior in high school and I just finger painted scenes from Hamlet. Don't judge.
  it was just a hopeful question. Sad that 50-60 degree weather wont last past a couple of days. :(
 Did we finally escape winter?
 Wegmans Food Markets Announces Checkout Donation Program for Japan Earthquake and Tsunami Relief 
 Seeing an autopsy!
 Speaking of senior prom....I need to find a date.
 Well, this has been one heck of a day. Love my kids at work, but they sure do wear me out! Sleeping, and back to school tomorrow!
  Uh, though your last few tweets have been quite random, I laughed fairly hard at them.
 I live just a couple miles outside of FiOS availability but I can't even get a DSL plan past 1.5-3mbps. Really, Verizon? Really?
 I would love to know why my account is still following accounts by itself, even after I cleaned up my connections and changed my password!
 Two kids, at most preschoolers, just went down my street alone. I try not to judge, but sometimes I wonder what parents are thinking!
 Up early on my day off from school to work 9-6. Good money, not feeling well. But no complaints.
 Packing for work and going to bed. Thankful I have a warm, comfortable place to sleep tonight, unlike millions around the world every day.
  Though ineffective, I hope you are safe and get out safely. I'll be sure to keep you (and all in harm's way) in my thoughts.
 Reports have surfaced tonight of both another explosion at a nuclear reactor and a second tsunami spotting off the coast of Japan.
  what happened to your avatar, again?
  aha, well he IS the man then. How fast did he drive to get there? 90?
  well, it is pretty simple...
  D.C. is the place I had the most difficulty leaving. Such an amazing city.
 The U.S.G.S. reports that last week's earthquake moved the location of Japan by up to 8 feet.
 Japanese Cabinet Secretary: "We are assuming a meltdown has occurred" at damaged nuclear power plant.
 Drove to/from Syracuse then back, to Chittenango, to Bridgeport thru Rattlesnake Gulch even though it was closed and fl
 After two months, I finally received my CapitalOne Debit card and my account is 100%! About time, and I'm thrilled!
 Nothing like 
 I'm at Wegmans (6789 E Genesee St, Fayetteville) w/ 3 others 
 Had a terrible day at work, but a good day at school. A nice balancing act.
 My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Japan on this tragic and disasterous day.
 It is baffling that my school always smells like hamsters.
 When life gives you lemons, you make lemonade. When life gives you douche bags, you make Jersey Shore!
 Nothing like taking half days for doctor's appointments!
 What you don't derp can't herp you.
  hahaha thank you :)
 Day one of my first year of the Blood: Water campaign! Glad I kicked my coffee habit because I can only drink water for the next six weeks!
 MAJOR hair cut time! ( The Color Express) 
 Take the best and forget the rest.
 I'm at Snowpocalypse 2011 w/     
 I just unlocked the "Swarm" badge on  
  yeah! But after another few minutes, I felt bad because it must be embarassing to be a snow plow driver and get stuck in the snow.
 You know the weather's bad when there's a snow plow stuck in your street. (Although it's been my entertainment for 20 minutes)
 New Jalepeno Jack Sun Chips. YES!
 Just blocked 20 followers who were date coaches or helped men pick up women. Really?
  Ah, parents seem to be very good at creating awkward moments
 Driving around with friends late at night has become a bit of a habit, but it's allowed me so much fun lately! Life and friends are good!
 I'm at Wegmans (6789 E Genesee St, Fayetteville) 
 I'm at Applebee's (3189 Erie Blvd E, Dewitt) 
 The American Apparel Mystery Bag idea is great, but I'll be very upset if I really get the underwear, Reform shirt, pink tank on the receipt
 The movie "Exam" just BLEW my mind! An exceptionally well written and produced, low funded mind bender!
 Excuse me. Have you, perhaps, seen a blow fish driving a sports car?
  Thank you!
  Thanks so much!
 This has to be the best  group EVER! And I wanted all of those three to go through!
 If Stephano doesn't get through tonight, I'm going to boycot this show. MIND = BLOWN. 
 Victory! CapitalOne account funded and a detailed confirmation letter came in the mail this time! Much more confident this time around!
  Why are you drying out your tongue?
 This is true RT  I hate how 90% of my economics class is always high. These conversations are so annoying. Poor 
 How did politicians who plan to secure children's futures by cutting education get past high school, let alone into political office?
 Is this brat trying to be Harry Potter with an up-do? Strange. 
 Just bowled 130 and 145! My best ever! 
 Is that  in a picture with my bus driver and her family? :D
 RT  If you can't find the hole, you're not allowed in it.
 I must say: Harry's Law keeps getting better by the episodee! Hoping this show will be a continued success!
  Man! Sounds like you've had a rough couple days. Hoping you heal up quickly! :)
 I'm at Wegmans (4438 James St, at Thompson Rd, East Syracuse) 
 I need a massage, quite terribly! Must take care of that once my time frees up!
 I've forgotten how great of a movie "The Pursuit of Happiness" is! So inspirational!
 It's always interesting to spend the day and evening with family, and to find out the smallest but most intriguing parts of your history!
 Heading out to a German buffet at my cousin's new house to celebrate my grandma's 87th birthday!
 And in the end, it was  the 
 RT  RT  James Southerland is a trending topic on Twitter!!!  
  is playing INCREDIBLY well today! Getting excited about this game!   
 RT  Bloody uninstalling Gadafi in progress ███████████████████████████░ ... 90 % complete.   
 Making home made meat balls!
  it's alright. I never really got into it.
 Five hours into the work day, just came inside from being out with the kids, and I could go for a nice warm cup of coffee!
 Just got out of "Unknown". A decent movie, but difficult to follow. Now, I get to go to work at 9am!
  you just think ju do. :)
 Seeing "Unknown"! Should be gooood!
  you? Say good things? Yehhhhno...
 Got out of work early, which means it's NAP TIME!
 Just saw two cars totally fail at parralel parking downtown at the same spot, visibly hit and shake the car behind them, then drive off.
 I wish I'd slept five minutes last night! Since I have work today, and potentially going out with friends later, now sounds good for a nap!
  Haha I dont get any tweets to my phone anymore. I just check twitter a few times a day
 I'm at Wegmans (6789 E Genesee St, Fayetteville) w/ 5 others 
 Off to one of this week's shorter work days!
 RT  Forgot something  one  went to another  to pick it up. Does that happen to you, too?  
