 RT  Amazon CloudFront vs RackSpace Cloud Files Performance Testing 
 some facts…yes facts even from the nytimes on the deficit and their origin:  
  how long does indexing take?  basically 2-3 seconds before i can scroll at all.
 google+ is proof positive that the 140 character limit is a good idea for random idea consumption.
 is the penalty for going back to traditional scrolling in Lion a painful delay to use it?  painful.
 still hopeful all this political thrashing is progress. in america you most often need a breakdown to get a breakthrough.
  the house does not have a filibuster.  the reality of these things is far from the rhetoric.
  it is easy to posture on cuts, much harder to do them.  but, i agree, we have to, and both parties need to be held accountable
  big topic for 140 characters.  just remember one of GOPs big angles to the elderly on healthcare reform was medicare cuts.
  spending cuts are talked about by all.  there is no reason to take one sides word on it more than the others.
 the conservative economist calls it like it is - where has the sane GOP gone?  
 love  shuttle adventure post.  great shots and his love of tech and people all on display.  
 what would reagan do?  raise taxes.  
 san antonio predicted as the  best positioned city to boom in the future!  
 finally gave in.  goodbye safari.  hello chrome.
 now THIS is fishing:  
 for many facebook is personal, twitter is business/interests.  google + trying to do both in one place
  my main complaint is email informs me of replies that don't show up in the twitter app...so email is now my twitter client??
  having replies actually show up in the stream would be a better first step at engagement.  (yours did...for once!)
  not replacement, but alternative communication path.  to echo it all in email seems like a step back
 very tired of "email replacements" that bombard me with email
 did twitter move to email messages b/c the core service doesn't work?  sure seems that way.
 insightful post on google's latest attempt to take on facebook (or any big co taking on a threat).  
 coburn gets a full point for some real leadership in taking on his party's orthodoxy.  
 RT  promising OS project from cloudkick/rackspace guys, Cast -    
 goodbye taskpaper, hello 
 on a plane tomorrow...where is the downloadable jobs wwdc video??
  sign up for the beta of the new DNS service on our blog...and DM me your info and resume! 
 a stimulus that will work:  focus on developers.  
 What our Economy Needs: More Developers 
  just followed you...dm the details.
 the magazine does work on the ipad.  new yorker proves it.  get this week's:  gladwell, coll, wright all better on ipad than print.
 big news, congrats stackers worldwide: Ubuntu project to transition Ubuntu Cloud to OpenStack 
 new build of reeder for mac is outstanding. google reader done right.  
 racker and stacker  gets profiled on the setup.      
 the difference between a targeted tax credit and spending is ZERO.  GOPer coburn steps out and says it:  
 two more reasons the cloud era will be open.  welcome  and   
 healthcare costs is not just a gov/debt issue, it is going to be the business issue of the next 20 years too.  
  things like openstack, cloudfoundry, etc change the possibilities.
  actually the point was most enterprise tech pitches to date on private cloud have been about simple automation.
  congrats on the new gig.  the openstack economy begins...
 great read on the boldness of the ryan budget gesture but how it fails to deal with the only issue that matters:  
 Betting markets put chance of shutdown at 40%. Sounds about right to me - deal still more likely than not.  
 great day for open standards in the cloud.   meets    has the goods:  
 private openstack clouds - powered by dell, supported by rackspace and sitting in any equinix facility.  
 had not seen this tsunami video.  truly unbelievable.  
 loved meeting the  founders this week.  great group with great vision.  goodbye beluga!
 virtually unlimited file sizes now possible on cloudfiles...start serving those movies over akamai!  
 oh i hope michelle bachman runs...jon stewart will have a+ material for months
 great feedback re employee communications.  thx.  opened quora question if interested...btw, email winning.  
 will check it out...looks interesting    we use  which we are about to launch”
 how does your company share key info with all their employees?  intranet?  email?  online tool like yammer?
  the details should be our problem!  thanks for sharing though...
 openstack + akamai ftw... I've been using  Cloud Files for literally 5 minutes and I think I'm already in love
 RT   at   : in the battle btwn web and enterprise, the web approach won
 citrix, xen and openstack - the open cloud continues to advance.  
 RT  Hey  Cloud users - I wrote a Ruby interface into the Cloud Load Balancers API. Check out the first release: http:/ ...
 new load balancing service and free new relic application monitoring now   check it out:  
  would love you to do a post(erous) on how steve jobs specifically impacts product at apple. how/when he demands and says no.
 great take on support and cloud services by   
 better question:  can apple continue to make great products without jobs as ceo?
 dumbest survey question ever: would you still buy apple products if jobs not ceo?  
 The Answer to America's Problems.  
 yes, it is old news...but this is just so incredible.  
  it would be worse if you had it all tivo'd and ready to go when you got home...
 anyplace on the web to see the watson/jeopardy replay?
 the sistine chapel...wow.  
  have loved twitterific on ipad
 want some cash and high profile visibility for your startup?  build it on cloud files and join kick of the apps.  
 RT  Just. Freaking. Awesome. 
 wow, online education is advancing.  when these methods are perfected it will have huge impacts   
   you guys leadership in openstack is huge! thanks for all you do.  and i know you will indeed hold us to account!
  we are open to adjustments.  it is in our interest to have broad community input and ownership.  pls get feedback to 
 the king of iOS coding was in the house today.  get ready for a super cool rackspace cloudapp 2.0.  thanks 
  i assure you opencore is not in the cards.  we just guaranteed the great minds of anso will remain on openstack
 great work rackers, great news users - RT  all Rackspace Cloud Files content is now migrated to Akamai
  ...Rackspace CloudFiles and how the cloud with the semantic web are giving birth to new projects:  
  is quickly becoming the OS of small business.  add-on store live today.  congrats guys!  
  summarizes the latest openstack release.  lots of big advances...and things are just getting going.  
 Would love to hear  take on the fracking expose and Oscar nominee Gasland.
  your books ipad app is not worthy of your brand.  shocked it was allowed out in current state.
 RT  Super Bowl preparations and travel plagued by snow in Dallas? Even Mother Nature hates Jerry Jones. ;-)
  simplicity takes time and foresight.  complexity is a symptom of urgency.
 cloud files storage plus akamai now free of all request charges.   
  please fix your ipad app...
 welcome cisco, canonical, extreme, grid dyanmics and more to the openstack revolution.  
 openstack bexar release out, on schedule.  large objects, image store, ipv6...start building those clouds!  
 alright tech world, apple's plan with subscriptions is opening the door wide open.  let's see what you got.
 "deficit hawkery as farce" - great economist piece on our current debt debate.  
  even more good press for bing!
  an engineer would get that, everyone else goes, bing? huh, let me check it out!
 apple, you need to get this content business cleaned up.  you are playing with fire here.
 not sure what google gains from complaining re bing...seems to me they are just admitting they have a real competitor.
  really respect backblaze, but my hunch is they will face the same problem (unless they limit use in fine print).
  well, i am super biased, but jungledisk, of course.  .15/GB, sync, backup, etc. 
 full support for rackspace cloud in scalr 2.2.  awesome tool for seamless scaling.  thanks   
 in an era of unlimited photos and videos, don't believe unlimited storage deals.  mozy just proved it.
 hey google, "loading..." between pages on your books app?  seriously?
 can't imagine the pain of creating a product as good as the kinect and seeing that it can't even move the needle.
 really curious what apple's response will be to spotify.  they will need one.
  yes, it is a start.  no google and i have found its accuracy/data weak.  my hunch is the APIs into these stores are weak.
 ibooks, kindle, google, nook - where is the app that gives me price comparisons?
  let's talk.  lots in the works.  DM me your email - would love your feedback
 starting to question whether i should buy music with spotify around the corner
 RT  FYI for any newly impacted Yahoo!'s
 interesting take on america's inherent discomfort with technology and progress. 
 akamai is live for UK cloudfiles users.  few clicks and pennies to get on the world's fastest cdn.  
 incredible start, but the next 6 months of openstack will put the first to shame.  no doubt about it.
 here comes the facebook backlash.  
 glad you like the new tools!   Using an iPad app to deploy cloud servers and run chef 
 seth godin really is a master at bringing a point home:  
 excited to have cloud files powered by openstack and now AKAMAI!   
   is duckduckgo a cloud?  NO!  2 for 1 just for you sparky.
  thanks...and welcome to rackspace!
  good point.  i think your app size point makes sense.  extreme productization forces trades.
   over time that should not be true.  but agree with you that to get all the flexibility a rethink is required.
   not talking what is currently required...but what should be.  depends on the cloud you are using.
  that's my point.  but everyone still calls it cloud.  there needs to be a clean break.
  i hear you.  especially now that microsoft has put ads everywhere confusing everyone.
  another form of hosting. specialized, but a place to put your custom apps.  and distinctions will start to blur...
  i assure you they will merge over time.  the key is are you consuming an app or putting your app somewhere.
 a proposal on out of control cloud jargon:  saas = cloud apps; all else = cloud hosting.  thoughts?
 you should not have to re-architect to use the cloud but only to maximize its power.
 as a long time fan of tweetie, loving the new twitter for mac
 RT  The New Linux: OpenStack aims for the heavens 
 great positioning, creative marketing.   takes on google:  
 the world is getting a lesson in fanatical support from   unbelievable.
 nice to see the spurs D in championship form...at least for a night.
 seems as if sarah palin might have finally jumped the shark.  her ignorance is no longer confused as covert wisdom - what finally did it?
 finally time to really get my head in quora...
 death panels?!? if you have any interest in being educated on this issue, pls read the following surgeon's view:  
 cloud files could not be far behind! RT  it's official! swift now support unlimited sized objects.  
 loving my custom  dodocase case.  thanks   get one for yourself:  
 RT  So happy that the  team is joining   
  would love it if the right/left arrows worked to move in and out of item list/article with keyboard.  great app btw!
 finally listening to a bunch of music bought recently.  good stuff from allo darlin', florence + the machine, breathe owl breathe.
  that's a serious turkey dinner.  you must have slept for a week.
 david brooks nails it.  up to obama to lead us there and a few cool heads to get behind it.  
 the new emusic is absolute crap.
 RT  VT or Purdue, one of ya put the nail in the coffin. You're cuttin' into my Duke game! 
 reeder for mac is awesome...just as it is for ipad.  just wish i could do a bit more with the keyboard.  
 in just 4 months!  RT  Overheard today that  is now in the top 2% in size and activity of all open source projects.
 obama's first move on deficit takes on liberal orthodoxy.  hope the spirit of leadership is infectious.  
 annual christmas album purchase an easy decision this year:  pink martini.  
 check out these incredible photos in the nat'l geographic contest for 2010.  
 kissinger, baker and scowcroft for it, but no GOP votes for the start treaty?  how has it come to this?  
 dems are just plain tone deaf.  stupid not to jump on earmark ban.  symbols matter.
 excellent video on the facebook messages concept:  
 the best thing about beatles in itunes:  no more discussing the beatles in itunes.
  thanks...i am very tempted but it needs to become my primary machine.
  Air becoming your primary machine?  Thoughts so far?
 microsoft calling online control of your DVR "cloud" just ensures the massive confusion will get worse.
  if we really believed in safety at all costs, we would require all cars were volvos.  the trade offs have to be debated.
  obviously, but that doesn't help us...you have to figure out what to work on to stop nuts.
  no, i will blame our intelligence agencies.  9/11 was not a failure of airport security.
 lots of good sports on today:  'boys playing tough vs. giants; blue devils kicking off vs. princeton; spurs vs durant tonight.
 music lovers, check out aweditorium on ipad...great overview here from   
 get ready for higher interest rates.  is this the first sign of the end?  it could get ugly. 
 "you can feel the energy build for openstack"  
 andrew sullivan nails it on the deficit commission.  we will see if obama can step up.  
 welcome to  and back to texas!  RT  Just posted: Time to move on… 
 RT  Announcing support for  cloud files: 
  wish you would have made it as well...major engagement from hundreds of global stackers.  we need to catch up.
  send me some details.  would be happy to help if i can make it work
 tempted to head out and join the  pub crawl late.  hear  is buying rounds!
 RT  Got the intensive support option from Rackspace.  It's like having a fucking rockstar mentor on call 24/7.  Color me Fanboy!
 RT  Joe Tobolksi of Accenture talks about the value of  cloud platform to enterprises 
 check out and join the load balancing beta on   more goodies on the way... 
  i meant competitors as a subset of friends!  not coming?
 about to tune in and support team coco...glad to see conan back.
 andreesen has to be the biggest name brand in tech - imagine the coverage of rockmelt if he wasn't involved.
  best of luck to you stu and thanks for all you did   you will always have a home here.
 looking forward to seeing lots of friends (and competitors!) at the  dev conference tomorrow in san antonio.  300 en route!
 is outlook for mac as bad as reviewed?  hope not.
 so nice to see moderate, smart folks like david brooks and ej dionne talk on sunday...a nice contrast to week long screaming from nuts.
 first official release and support from Microsoft this week!  The wave is building.  Congrats to the  community.
 RT  ReadWriteCloud: OpenStack: An Open Cloud Initiative Makes its 1st Release 
 nice  allows you to compare prices on nook, kindle and ibooks.  anything equivalent for online music?
 thank you  organizers.  speaker quality was every bit as good as the official   let's make it bigger next year.
 the true size of africa.  big!  
 someone really wants me to see some movie called conviction...the ads are following me all over the interwebs.
 new NYTimes ipad app is awesome.  finally the whole paper.  happy to pay at end of year.  thx 
  not directly.  but, happy to help any way I can.
 RT  And this is why you don't rush a systems administrator. 
 bush's energy policy legacy:  these ridiculously dark mornings this late in oct.  saudis happy, early morning runners mad.
 touchscreen is an idiotic interface for a jogging/exercise device.  arrogance creeping into apple product design.  
  pls DM me re charges at rackspace cloud.  want to make right.  sorry for the trouble.
 the ipod nano's whole purpose should be for running/working out.  sorry, a touch screen is a disaster for it.  
 seems the end of xmarks might be the end of using safari for me.
 just got a sneak peak at a couple cool things on the way 
  see if you can do some recruiting.  we need some out of the box, super smart creative thinkers.
  i am afraid my head might explode in the first 10 minutes.
 reagan's budget director on the bush tax cuts.  i miss the real reaganites.  intellectuals who deal in facts.  
 this is not a hoax, tickets still available:  
 what is it about flying on planes that makes me want an apple juice?
 right click from your desktop to share any file with the new jungle disk.  love this feature.  
 i stand by this blog post...it is proving true that no one is really committed to deficit reduction.  
 google instant is cool, but i do all my searching in the browser box.  don't most people?  any stats on that out there?
 where is america headed when its emerging leaders think science is an evil conspiracy?  seems we are going to find out.
 need some good indie recommendations for my emusic credits this month.  whatya got?
  glad you are there to set him straight.
 google is fundamentally uncomfortable being an ad company.  gotta find time for a blog post.
 open source works.  blown away by all the brilliant people making  better.  thanks stackers all over the globe!
 love it how the hacker news community is rooting for duckduckgo.  keep fighting 
 the degree to which america wants simple, painless answers to a big, hard mess is shocking.
 lot of big openstack news this week on the blog.  check it out.    
  when are you going to make the ipad app the full paper?  i am willing to pay.  get on it, please.
 apple has added a bunch of useless crap to itunes, but i absolutely love the genius mix function
 the boss does it best.  remembering 9/11.  
  computing is critical to the core mission.  the whole idea of OSS is to keep costs low and help business...
 why in the world would i want anyone to see my tripit info?
 now that sarah palin has spoken on the koran burning i guess we can all feel better about being sane.
 wish all my tax $s went to NASA!  RT  How NASA Has Paved The Way For Open Source Cloud Computing 
 great guys making a great product.  congrats to  - making end user IT a reality.    
 wait, the new nike+ gps doesn't work on the new ipod nano?  now you want me running with my phone, apple?
 .net developers, you can now deploy to the rackspace cloud -  right from visual studio...
 feel bad for the roku team...seems i might have to get an appletv.  but, they pioneered the way, no doubt.
 there really is only one place to watch apple events these days:  
 yahoo finance is still a killer site.  crushes google or any other finance site hands down.
 no question about it.  idiocy in the name of more, but bad profit.  RT  An 18-game football season is such a horrible idea.
 RT  Standing room only for  at  talking   
  from the same minds that get you "keep your government hands off my medicare"
 the patron saint of GOP supply side economics advocates for a carbon tax:  
 good summary of what i bet 60% of america really thinks on the mosque RT  
  ahh, the wise economist.  you are right.  being mayor of some store has low appeal!
  that and not being in the position of looking for a party...ever.  just say it, a sign of old age!
  a big data problem for whoever is trying to monetize it.  i would rather them not have my data.
 is the fact that i have no interest in location based check ins of any kind a sign of old age or sanity?
 truthers, birthers and other nuts.  an american tradition dramatized by southpark.  
 awesome...jungledisk now allows you to share ANY file on your local machine.  
 don't let the medicine fool you, this is the best business writer in america:  
  either way, that is speech.  the marketplace of ideas is what america is all about.
 is apple ever going to talk about OSX again?
 opposing the mosque is very different than saying the first amendment does not protect it. and there is zero question it does.
 sequoia makes another san antonio investment.  congrats to   
  hate hearing stuff like this re rackspace.  would love feedback if open to it.  lmoorman
 great service, great partner.  SMTP-as-a-service from postmark.   
 medicine in 50 years will be unrecognizable from today.  Incredible:  spinal cord cell regeneration -   
 when is instapaper going to aggregate the most saved content into a news site?  would love to see that.
 RT  "If computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a committee -- that will do them in." - Bradley's Bromide
 RT  Cloud.com goes all in with    Bold move guys, welcome. We are excited to have you.
 the open cloud community is alive!  RT   You should see all the activity in the  irc channel on freenode.
 over 1000 followers for  in one day.  thanks to all for joining the community.  we are going to do great things together.
 RT  Blog entry from  from enStratus on his exprience hacking the new OpenStack: 
  we run openstack object storage - it is cloudfiles.  merging our cloudservers with nebula - will run compute in time.
 CTO of Rightscale's thoughts on openstack.  Game changing, true open source, real community...
 My thoughts on why we at Rackspace are open sourcing our cloud, allowing you to run it anywhere:    
 tablets, security services, cloud appliances, mobile OS, CRM app store...microsoft, doing everything is not a strategy!
 this image says it all for cleveland.  
 hulu, meet roku.  please work together.
 deleting servers in the cloud just as powerful as creating them.  good take by olark.  
  big fan of u-verse.  att did a great job on it.  plus free wifi wherever they are, including starbucks.
 google must have been thrilled with the thud that greeted office web apps this week.  surprised not more discussion on it.
 14 megawatt solar project in san antonio. great to see.  
  honestly there are pros and cons to all clouds.  would love to hear your take if interested.  lmoorman
  would love to hear more about your cloud strategy.  DM me if interested.
  would love insight on your cdn comparison and where we can improve.
 kindle 2's going for $50 on ebay...apple strikes again.  
 toyota has a sense of humor...and a great ad agency.  almost 3mm views on youtube.  hilarious.  
 keep your foursquare check-ins on foursquare please.
 Amazing to me that BP is only down 25% since this event.  Shows the markets feel they will be shielded somehow.  I doubt it...
 this could be the most awkward interview in history.  pretty sure carol bartz will miss next years disrupt.  
 odd that we want less government, but also expect them to have the best experts on runaway oil spills on hand as needed.
 want to avoid the US being Greece?  Awesome tool for you to make the hard choices.  
 BP is toast.  this interview with employee on the rig during explosion is devastating.  
 the ipad is much bigger, much faster than i would have expected.  i love mine.  
  would love to get your insights on cloud if open to it.  lmoorman
 love the under the radar-geek driven-groundswell of support for   trying as my default search for a week...
   keep in mind core citrix xen server is free too.  they went OSS with much of it.
  you still using google buzz?  anyone on there with you?
 note to american air:  time to upgrade the MD-80s.  we are not in the 80s any more.
  not at all...i love getting books for under $10.  god bless 'em!  :)
 seems amazon miscalculated by reversing the razor-razor blade biz model on the kindle.  i now read their below cost books on my ipad.
 hey new media, your annoying pop ups and banners to link to social networks have me missing old media.
  btw, friedman would hate all the crazy market shaping (and values shaping) deductions and tax credits we have.
  don't be so sure.  there are limits to both.  THAT is what i believe in.
  plus ipad is truly unbeatable.  love saving links, then having a personal paper anytime i want it.
 why do so many americans not pay income taxes?  you will be surprised.  
 "star wars day" has been trending all day on twitter.  says a lot about the twitter demographic.  nerds unite!
  get home and don't blink!  it all goes too fast.  safe travels, my man.
 on this i am rooting for jobs:  get the full NYTimes on the ipad...now.  
 not sure it is a great ad, but it is an incredible depiction of how time feels these days.  
  not so sure.  finding new value for mine every day.  and i can see how they can really improve it.
 starting to see ipads in meetings.  this thing is for real.  tech world, you let apple beat you again.
 good work rackers - loving the new  webmail client.  goodbye mail.app, hello web.  
 hey  nice work on the new look and features.  really well done.  just need mailbox type functionality for saved searches.
 sure sign of old age:  i will not be staying up for the whole spurs playoff game.
 noticed embedded video in the NYTimes ipad app today.  it worked perfectly and added to the story.
 RT  In other news, the Rackspace Cloud Android app is also open source at github.com/rackspace 
 great work rackers who raced and won for the cure.   fundraising team in SA.  
  better positioning.  make it all about jobs and terrorism.  forget the global warming.
  it is a 1.0 but it is easy to see that by 2.0 it will be transformative (a la the iphone).
 palm had a $53 billion market cap in 2000.  those were the days.  
 the combination of instapaper and the ipad will change how we consume media...need time for a blog post.
 the finance industry "destroyed" 11mm jobs?  no, they created 11mm jobs on a lie called the housing bubble.  now they are gone.
 sorry chrome, your small bugs (and lack of 1password) mean I am back to safari.
  let me know if I can help. DM me. I just followed.
 it's a start...RT  How to view your Xmarks bookmarks on the iPad 
 RT  Speaking of cloud portability, enStratus now has introduced for Rackspace: auto-recovery, auto-scaling, auto cross-clou ...
 ning=true valley cautionary tale.  "social media" plus big name is no guarantee.  $120mm invested - wow  
 what is the best site to learn about new ipad apps?
 the capitalist markets sure seem to like this socialist regime.
 my thoughts on openness, big data and the cloud.  
  say more...would love your thoughts.
 pretty sure it is safe to disable google buzz once and for all.
 why would you pay $30 for iwork on ipad when there is google docs?  and, MS get with the program.  this is your market to lose.
 congrats to atebits...looking forward to tweetie with some real resources behind it
 RT  Rackspace Cloud Pro for iPad is now open source! 
 GM sold more cars in China than in the US in March.  The world is changing fast.  
 appears my ipad is still in china.  better get that sucker moving, steve.
 was hoping the tweetie for mac update would get refresh right on searches...no such luck.  tweetie2 where are you?
 big media really is idiotic.  time mag price on ipad = the newsstand?  come on guys.  
 awesome cassandra overview including digg and twitter case studies from rackspace's  
 the april fools silliness has already started...beware.
 early ipad reviews make me glad I have one arriving on saturday!
 wow...google now putting adwords in suggested terms.  not cool.  
 starting to prefer the twitter web interface, but no editing of retweets is painful.  tweetie for mac, please update soon!
 RT  Moved my site to  Windows Cloud Servers and cut my response time in half! 
 ben folds is brilliant and hilarious.  chatroulette improv could only have come from him. 
 david frum lays out how the GOP could have improved this bill but the radicals refused.  finally some honest talk. 
 Remember how the public investment in GM was the end of capitalism?  Healthcare reform will be equally anti-climactic.
 more momentum for cassandra.  great overview of big data concepts and choices.  
 christopher buckley nails it on the hypocrisy of debt hawks.   
 this could be the best title for a book - ever.  
 sure hope twitter starts using the official retweet function to help with noise reduction soon.
 good deck from  on open source and the cloud.   
 intrade markets suggest healthcare will be passing.  
 is it fair to say that google buzz is a dud? i have not looked at it in weeks.  don't plan to.
 rackspace's stu hood to lead a talk of data geeks on no-sql at SXSW on sunday.  
 welcome   great thoughts on why rackspace is investing in drizzle and other open projects:  
 RT  Tweetie 2 Beta on MacHeist? Come on folks, buy some more nanoBundles! 
 Could not be more excited to welcome the Drizzle team to Rackspace.  The next generation of databases is near...
 I just got the Mac Heist bundle. 7 Top Mac apps worth $260+ for only $20 and got 3 cool bonus apps free! 
 the intrade markets are fascinating.  putting money on healthcare, tiger, midterm elections, etc...
  sorry to hear you are having issues.  can i help?  lmoorman
 love that I can quickly sync any folder across my macs with a click.  thanks for the sync  team.
 magento and wordpress in one click.  deploy-itron for cloud servers.  thanks   
 "We are more dependent on foreign oil now than on 9/11.  That is political malpractice." - Lindsay Graham
 the berkshire annual letter is out.  as always essential wisdom from buffet.  
  glad we were able to evolve with you.  would love to chat about your decision to go cloud.  lmoorman if interested.
 good take on why cloud models will prevail in long run.  scale and expertise come from multi tenancy.  
 wow, who needs real TV sets these days?  great green screen expose:  
 RT  Wonder why Twitter is moving to  Video of my  database scalability talk is up:  
 twitter joins the cassandra movement.  nosql needs standards.  is one emerging?  
 charlie munger (buffett's partner) nails the bankers, and our future with them in charge, to the wall.  must read.  
 so google and MS now have good phone OS offers.  question is are they worth switching for?  only reason i hear:  get away from ATT.
 We assume we are the most generous...RT  Who has given the most to Haiti infographic 
 it is not food if it is called the same thing in every language (big mac, cheetos...) - michael pollan
  excellent, thanks.  pumped to have taskpaper everywhere with me.
 awesome: taskpaper for iphone now out.  great GTD app.  only prob:  sync looks confusing...need writeroom too?
  would love to know about your cloud decision process. there are pros and cons to all of us.  lmoorman
 as bing is to google, buzz is to twitter.  good effort, but there is not a major problem solved by the new solution.
 have to admit i am liking chrome for mac.  but, starting with bing as the default to keep them honest.
 the power of google + the love of  = a friendfeed that takes off
  yes, but i don't find that updates are reliable.  in fact, they often stop working unless i start and stop tweetie.
 RT  RT  0.5.0 final released! Features, performance, tools; the best release yet!  
 proof that the healthcare bill is a marketing problem not a policy problem.   
 RT  A Remarkable Photo From Tornado Country - 
  the value of twitter is not apparent to most new users and seems to be declining for older users...trying to figure it out.
 i really wonder how many of my friends and followers have logged in recently.  twitter engagement feels way down.
  so how do saved searches work in tweetie for mac?
  just setup sync folders and put the agile keychain in there.  don't forget to point the app to the new location.
  thanks for the thoughts - they are good ones. critical we get it cleaned up.  stay tuned.
 Want to Reduce Deficit Spending?  Prove it. 
 support, google style.  
   BTW,  doesn't offer Rails PaaS anymore, but CloudServers is used by many many rails applications...
 my prediction:  big media will be a big part of the apple tablet...or else the apple tablet will be a dud. 
 but consume more IT than ever --> Gartner: 1 in 5 businesses will own no IT assets by 2012.   (via 
 really wish tweetie for mac had better saved searches capability.  it is so elegant otherwise.
 the google-china story is truly fascinating.  who is doing the best writing on it in the blogosphere?
  thanks for serving our country.  let's talk when you are done!
 great support for google in the tech world.  very bold stand they are taking.  great comments:  
 help wanted.  rackers wanted.  come join us.  
 our leaders truly have no spine.  compromises, compromises.  
  while in SA you could actually meet phil...he has become an alamo groupie.  
 great read on how our political system is incapable of dealing with long term change.  
 itablet will have working version of iwork?  uhhh, who cares.
 google's ads for google's products are becoming irritating.
 roll your own appengine...on the rackspace cloud.  
  you are already a racker...a volunteer one.  we thank you for your support!  but, come join us...you know where to reach me.
 CES+MSFT keynote.  power failure delays ballmer.  telling, very telling.  love gdgt commentary live: 
 hey, NY times:  quit printing the paper.  make the tablet your kingdom.  
 apple getting ready to go to war with google:  
 Hey Print Media, the Tablet is Your (Last?) Big Chance 
 how much is the safari search field worth on the iphone?  by end of this week apple could be looking for another partner.
 10 Essentials of 2009 Culture 
  the game is mobile search share. they alone will not get it.  they need partners.  to me, this discourages partners.
 i am racking my brain trying to figure out why google is getting in the handset game.
 RT thanks!   wonder if there will be an app for that RT  i want some swype on the iphone.  
 i want some swype on the iphone.  
 the avett brothers for $1.99.  no excuse not to buy that.   
 apple should give everyone who bought a mighty mouse a refund.  or, at least have the magic mouse in stock.
 phil wainwright has some great end of year thoughts on cloud:  
 great overview of the lost decade for the stock market.  ~0 return over last 10 years.  here's why:  
 so ebooks are 50% off but audiobooks are 100% more?  what in the world is the publishing world doing.
 NRA types will object, but this is one amazing ad:  
 looks like iran has exploded into serious protest again.  andrew sullivan covering it:  
  this classic SNL skit sums it up hilariously.    
 oh joy, here comes more security theater brought to you by TSA.
 great chart summarizing our poor ROI on healthcare.  spend much more, get less attention and lower life expectancy.  
 important facts here:  The Appalling Hypocrisy Of The Republican Party Exposed In Three Simple Charts 
 RT  Amazon CloudFront vs RackSpace Cloud Files Performance Testing 
 some facts…yes facts even from the nytimes on the deficit and their origin:  
  how long does indexing take?  basically 2-3 seconds before i can scroll at all.
 google+ is proof positive that the 140 character limit is a good idea for random idea consumption.
 is the penalty for going back to traditional scrolling in Lion a painful delay to use it?  painful.
 still hopeful all this political thrashing is progress. in america you most often need a breakdown to get a breakthrough.
  the house does not have a filibuster.  the reality of these things is far from the rhetoric.
  it is easy to posture on cuts, much harder to do them.  but, i agree, we have to, and both parties need to be held accountable
  big topic for 140 characters.  just remember one of GOPs big angles to the elderly on healthcare reform was medicare cuts.
  spending cuts are talked about by all.  there is no reason to take one sides word on it more than the others.
 the conservative economist calls it like it is - where has the sane GOP gone?  
 love  shuttle adventure post.  great shots and his love of tech and people all on display.  
 what would reagan do?  raise taxes.  
 san antonio predicted as the  best positioned city to boom in the future!  
 finally gave in.  goodbye safari.  hello chrome.
 now THIS is fishing:  
 for many facebook is personal, twitter is business/interests.  google + trying to do both in one place
  my main complaint is email informs me of replies that don't show up in the twitter app...so email is now my twitter client??
  having replies actually show up in the stream would be a better first step at engagement.  (yours did...for once!)
 important facts here:  The Appalling Hypocrisy Of The Republican Party Exposed In Three Simple Charts 
 RT  Amazon CloudFront vs RackSpace Cloud Files Performance Testing 
 some facts…yes facts even from the nytimes on the deficit and their origin:  
  how long does indexing take?  basically 2-3 seconds before i can scroll at all.
 google+ is proof positive that the 140 character limit is a good idea for random idea consumption.
 is the penalty for going back to traditional scrolling in Lion a painful delay to use it?  painful.
 still hopeful all this political thrashing is progress. in america you most often need a breakdown to get a breakthrough.
  the house does not have a filibuster.  the reality of these things is far from the rhetoric.
  it is easy to posture on cuts, much harder to do them.  but, i agree, we have to, and both parties need to be held accountable
  big topic for 140 characters.  just remember one of GOPs big angles to the elderly on healthcare reform was medicare cuts.
  spending cuts are talked about by all.  there is no reason to take one sides word on it more than the others.
 the conservative economist calls it like it is - where has the sane GOP gone?  
 love  shuttle adventure post.  great shots and his love of tech and people all on display.  
 what would reagan do?  raise taxes.  
 san antonio predicted as the  best positioned city to boom in the future!  
 finally gave in.  goodbye safari.  hello chrome.
 now THIS is fishing:  
 for many facebook is personal, twitter is business/interests.  google + trying to do both in one place
  my main complaint is email informs me of replies that don't show up in the twitter app...so email is now my twitter client??
  having replies actually show up in the stream would be a better first step at engagement.  (yours did...for once!)
