 New droid in the house
 Happy 4th to you too!  Make is special...
  
 Still Cooking & Now Brewing Too! 
 Happy Happy Happy Mother's Day to all of you Mommies out there!!!!
  thanks for the luv!!!
 Is anyone having trouble with hootsuite on a pc? My phone works but not my laptop.  Is this to do with amazons issues?
 I am one big ball of tired...   Need a cold one and a comfy chair soon...!  
  Almost didn't look twice cause I am clearly NOT a gym rat, but, I am glad I did.  Very Interesting concept.  Look me up...:)
  Thanks man, you are the most relentless  luv spreader on twitter I think!
 Greetings Tweeps.  I know I have been saying this for months, but i am finally getting the chance to cook Germany tomorrow night! Stay Tuned
   Ahhhh...My home away from,....wait, this is my home?!  
      Yeah!!!!!   dinner party tweetup!
  The fam. friendly rest. I can think of is Savor Cafe.  Also Bis. La Bon for brunch.   
 Blogging is A Controversial Business 
 Thoughts go out to the people of Libya.  Be safe and good luck.  
 Maybe someone can help me reach 2000 to test the theory?  Thanks for the help. I need about 500 to get there...
 Hey friends, if you break 2000 followers, does the stupid glass ceiling shatter? I try to follow people back but keep hitting 2001 followers
   always!  cheers.....
    This looks like a good How-To and recipe.... Let me know how it is cause I need to make some too!
  I manage to find great food everywhere!  Curse or Gift????  Glad to have you as a friend regardless....
  Gosh I am sorry!  :(  Been working so much I forgot to reply.  Jollof is the national dish of Guinea-Bissau.  May cook it anyway.
  thanks for the link!  I am just about at Ghana.
  saw ur tweet.  which story did you mean?  I can't find it on SS...
  LOL "darn randomly generated tweet text"  It should have said TOP TWEEPS not followers.  Sorry!
  My pleasure!  Nice to meet you....
 RT    I agree, if you check out  he dishes food & history together on his blog. Thanks Ciao!
  Hi Marriam!  I haven't tweeted much lately.  Been busy working...How RU?
 An update...and Apology 
 My Top Followers in 2010:  Find yours  
 My Top Followers in 2010:     Find yours  
 My Top Followers in 2010:     Find yours  
 My Top Followers in 2010:      Find yours  
 My Top Followers in 2010:      Find yours  
 My Top Followers in 2010:     Find yours  
 My Top Followers in 2010:     Find yours  
 My Top Followers in 2010:      Find yours  
 My Top Followers in 2010:     Find yours  
 My Top Followers in 2010:     Find yours  
 My Top Followers in 2010:     Find yours  
  found ur blog thru   good luck with all you are doing.  UR site is great!  Bali looked amazing...
  a special thanks to  for reaching out and for delicious recipes!  Check it out!!! 
  only on Sat...LUV        
  Hope all is well.  Thanks for the love.  I am barely able to look at twitter these days...;(
 Check out MHT at  10 Passionate Food Bloggers!  Thanks Florentina! 
  I am blushing, and you are right, blogging can be expensive and time consuming.  Thanks for the love!
  Gotta get the "tweeps" involved.  They can make it happen.... :)
 Please help me propel my friend  into her place in the top of the shorty awards... Vote
  Haha!  It was a national Fandemic....
  Just added your blog to my "cooking the world" blogroll.  Glad you found me...
 I nominate  for a Shorty Award in  because...She Is. 
  So sorry I missed this message. I have been a bad tweep this year!  I will look you up now and add your link to blogroll...
 Ahem...I declare this day, National Hangover Day.  We could relocate Presidents Day and make it official.  What do ya'll think?
 Neck aches.  Head Hurts. Skin is Dry.  But Belly is Full.  It's not so bad....
 Check out this site: Around the World in the Hetzel Kitchen --   Another Global Cooking Blog to join the pack!
 It's a beautiful snowy morning in Charlotte NC.  Hope everyone got the essential ....Milk and Bread? SNOW DAY!
 I nominate  for a Shorty Award in  because...She's connected with her twitterverse & sinflly dlish 
 Anybody else gain weight the last few weeks?  Time for a cleanse and some yoga...OOOOOOHHHHHHHMMMMMMMMM.
  Thanks so much!  I have been off twitter a couple days. So sorry for the delay in replying...I will use this recipe...
 Merry Hungry Christmas: 
 Jala's Supercalifragilistic Grilled Pork Chops: 
 Just voted for HootSuite for Best Social Media Management Tool  
 How To: Make An Omelet Inside The Eggshell | Bit Rebels  via 
  You are the best!  Thanks for all the  love.  Sadly I can only return the favor like this......
 Georgias National Dish is posted on Myhungrytum.com  
 Greetings Friends...Is Georgias National Dish just like a Chinese Dumpling?  Find Out:  
 Khinkali, Bazhe and Phkali a Georgian Supra - Day 276/Dish 66: 
 Audio Post: 
  That is good to know.  I left there once with steel grey hands.....
  Glad you are still with us.....I hope you washed your hands afterwards, those coins are nasty!!!
  greetings Jane. I am a wordpress blogger blogging the national dishes at www.myhungrytum.wordpress.com  Nice to meet you.
  I am so sorry.  All parents must go there and all kids want to.  Hang in there.  Remember when you were the kid...:)
 Good Morning my friends!  Grab Coffee and check out the new AUDIO POSTING feature at the blog: 
 Audio Post: 
 Audio Post: 
 Audio Post: 
 Audio Post: 
  Doing well.  I see you made 1500!  Congrats and Happy Hannukah!
 RT  Tomorrow is  and my twitter wish/miracle was 1500. Two shy! Lol!  Help! Tomorrow I will make some doughnuts...
  ;) Thanks for the RT.  I was feeling annoyed at the so called celebrity set.  They forget they are humans too...
 Is it just me or do only the coolest famous folk follow u back?
 Ride a mortorcycle?  Check out   or www.thegoodride.ca   Say hi to Tommy for me...And ride safe.
  Thanks!  Sadly all good things must end....  That is a good reason to cook.  You can always make something new!
 Happy Thanksgiving to all!  A few days late, but still grateful to be here....
  Thanks Liren, we are doing well other than the seasonal flu!  It never ends ;)  Hope urs was wunderbar!
 Audio Post: 
 Happy Thanksgiving!: 
 The trouble with coffee is that I don't have any now...
    My pleasure.  Spreading the love like Vegemite.....;)
  thanks!  Nice to hear from you....
  Thanks and back at you   :)
  to the        
  and hello to   and 
 There are 20,000 Lowland Gorillas and 60,000 Forest Elephants living protected lives in Gabon.  Also the food is great! 
 Folks and friends:  I posted Gabons national dish Nyembwe at the blog 
   bestest of friends  
          Foodies to follow!!
  if you all haven't seen this yet, you should check it out! Great spot to see featured wrodpress food blogs www.foodpress.com
 Here is a classic French Recipe by Myhungrytum 
    Cooked Frances national dish tonight....Coq au Vin, c/o Julia Childs recipe...So good!!!
 Working on the posting for the delicious Coq Au VIn I cooked a bit ago....Check back to the blog soon.
  to the greatest foodies      
  tell  Tommy that Eric says hello and good fortune to Town Hall.  Hope to try it out in the near future...
  Hmmm  I don't know any but here is something slightly different that might be interesting! 
  Yep, but it isn't the fanciest recipe ever if that is what you are going for.  If so let me know and I'll find another...
 New Vancouver Restaurant run by my good friend       especially my Van based Tweeps!
 Next up: Myhungrytum takes on France and the venerable Coq Au Vin.  I just bought the chicken.  Will cook and post this weekend...Stay Tuned
  Thanks for the link.  I appreciate it.  The recipes look good...
    There is a recipe for you.  Great for leftover turkey!
  Hmmmm  my mom used to make a delicious casserole we called "Turkey A La King" :)  Funny name but it was good and seasonal.
  Haven't checked this for a day or two!  Thanks for the shout out on Bernie Madoff!  Great party! 
 Hernekeitto – Finland National Dish – Day 251/Dish 62 « MyHungryTum 
 Happy Howloween spooky friends....cook up something delicious!
 The very definition of hearty and delicious....    Happy Halloween friends!
  Here's a lovely recipe from Finland!  Hernekeitto - Green Pea Soup.  It only lost points for appearance!
 This finnish soup I am cooking smells awesome!  See the post later at www.myhungrytum.com
  make that  and  for my two favorite!
  a good man indeed!
  I think I would have to salute Luca  Passion8 Bistro for his commitment to fresh food and Savor Cafe for their burgers!!!
 Will be cooking Hernekeitto Finnish Green Pea soup this weekend...stay tuned to www.myhungrytum.com for all the details...
  yeah it was an interesting place.  Stay in touch....
  Yes u R!
  This is the link to my mailing list for www.xclusivefood.com  my tasty little food company.  DM me for more info...
  you too...
  bout to sign off.  Good chatting with you....
  Definitely a possibility.  When I was in Iceland, they thought I was a local.  loved how they said my name. EYErick Ahckershun
  Grandfathers lineage was lost to us.  Grandma is Irish.  I guess I am a mutt...
  Not 100% sure where the bloodline originated, but I believe so.  My name is Eric Ackerson so somewhere in the vicinity...
   to you too!  Thanks for the luv!
  Nope and unfortunately I am only going in my head and on my blog.  Wish it were for real though.  My roots are calling to me.
  seems that I take the difficult route most of the time...and that has made all the difference :)
  Thanks for the RT!
  All are welcome on this adventure!  How ru?  I have been missing in action these days...back at it now though!
  Hmmmm a challenge!  Here you go Yushing....  from the ever talented 
 Raise Global Awareness...Follow the culinary adventure at 
 Will be heading to Finland next to reconnect with ancient roots and eat green pea soup.  I always loved green pea soup!
  Just stopping in to say hi. I can't tweet as often these days but i haven't forgotten good tweeps...
 My friend Florentina   Delicious Interview with Cooking Personality Ingrid Hoffmann  
  doing well thanks!  I hope you saw the post from Fiji today.  It was a great challenge and very tasty.  How RU?
 Good Morning Good Friends!  Last night we made a Lovo (underground BBQ) and enjoyed the tastes of Fiji  
  Great blog!  Great shots and I liked the story about Shishsa in Quatar. I felt much the same way in U.A.E.
 Check out  Delicious Interview with Cooking Personality Ingrid Hoffmann  
 In honor of the miners and all of Chile, the link to the national dish of Chile  Everyone eat a bowl of Cazuela!
  Congratulations to the newly freed Chilean Miners!!!!!  Woohooo!
  Hey Florentina, whats been going on? After my wife was sick, my eye went blind for a month...:(  what a year
 A thousand  thanks to  for keeping me in his thoughts and tweets this past few months.  Thanks!
   Psssst tweeps!  Follow my good friend Dan and his blog about life and food from British Columbias Islands.  Sooo good! 
  World Food Day 2010 is October 16th.  This saturday!  What can you do?
   A random strangers thoughts to you and your family.  Sorry to hear about   Very Sad News.
   Boil Buoy!  Innovative kitchen product worth checking out....Ding Ding!  
 Crispy Chicken Skin.  Yum.
  Hey friend!  I posted Ethiopia recently.  Hope all is well in your world.!  Thanks for the  love
     Check it out!  Also follow my other twitternality 
  Hey Yushing!  I am recovering from an eye malady bummer! But also opened a small biz shipping gourmet food in the US...
  Pssst.  Top secret!  I opened a small business shipping gourmet meats and specialties anywhere in US www.xclusivefood.com
  Hey grrrl!  I am doing pretty well!  I gave you an award which you can pick up on my blog......
 Help support  by following  and checking out my new website! I ship great food in the lower 48 states!
 Sunday night love to a couple great tweeps!   (congrats on your mention in Huffington!) and  !!!
 Estonia National dish posted at www.myhungrytum.com  Mulgikapsad....anyone know how to pronounce that?
 Anyone hungry for killer fresh proteins delivered by Fedex to your door?  Rethink grocery shopping with Xclusive Food 
 If you love  consider trying blogger Eric Ackerson's food sourcing service, especially for foodies! 
  Thanks for all the love!  I have been AWOL lately but you keep rocking!  Thanks...
  Yes I am trying to be more social recently.  Working full time is hindering that ;)  But things are well here. How RU?
  Happy to help.  Glad things are going so well.  And things are well here.  Taking the fam to the beach this wknd!!!
 Check this video out -- Ladies Who Lunch: Los Angeles Episode Promo  via   Great tweep who deserves luv!
 This Guy is GREAT tweeps Give him some luv! -- Ladies Who Lunch: Los Angeles Episode Promo  via 
 I come bearing flavor, both literal and figurative...
 BTW love everyone.
 How I miss days spent blissfully tweeting.  DAMN YOU JOB!
  Thank you Samantha!  You are the best...
 RT  Twitter, where the salt of the Earth meet the State of the Art.
 Sufferin' Succotash!  Equatorial Guinea national dish posted at   Come join the global adventure.....
 Just added a new blog post on Ciao Florentina 
 Violet, you're turning Violet, Violet! - Sam Beauregard
 Hey CLT tweeps.  Little birdy told me Tuttos was closing on Aug 13th, a Friday BTW.  Rumor has it that it will be reincarnated.
  Doing very well.  Enjoying this sweltering NC summer.  101 yesterday!!!  Hiking lots this week.  4 wtrfalls and 2 mountns.
 I'm up early this morning.  WIth a crick in my neck and a headache, and remnants of a bad dream like cobwebs in my hair.  But I have coffee!
  and  two of my favorite people!  Much  or  or however you care to look at it!
 A Sunday morning  to those that mentioned me this Friday...    
 To everyone I keep missing on  I am sorry. Thanks for the luv!
 I am up to  out of 1100 entries in Bourdain's Medium Raw Challenge! U can help me make the top ten :)   
  I still say the south has the only authentic American Cuisine reflecting our history.  You will love it...
 Just added a new blog post on Ciao Florentina 
  :)  Appreciate it!  If you make it out east I would be happy to do a tour of the areas finest with you.......
  yep once per day.....
  Great tune from a great band.  "Trinity" from Paper Tongues  Enjoy!
  Vote for  in A. Bourdains Essay Challenge: Can I say F-ing Foodies?  
  damn twitter.....  Anyhow am following you now.  Thanks for the RT luv today.  I really wanna do well in this essay contest
  Jeez I thought I was already following you!  Sorry I have corrected that mistake!
  Thanks for the RT!
  Thanks and I agree!  Love almost any type of empanadas and derivative dishes!
 Say it with me ya'll   PUPUSAS!   El Salvador national dish now posted at www.myhungrytum.com
  I luv you too!
  Thanks so much for that!  I am shooting for the top 10.  I appreciate the luv!
  Feel free to retweet it! ;)
  Thanks, you can vote for it daily.  I am in the top 25%.  Would LOVE to make the top ten at least.
 Read my Medium Raw challenge essay: Please cast your votes.  Thanks to all!  via 
  I am happy to hear that.  Stay well. ;)
  Thanks for the  mention!
 Hey all.  If you would read and vote for my essay I would be grateful.  Thanks...
 I've entered the Bourdain Medium Raw Essay contest! Will you vote for me at  ?
 Next up at www.myhungrytum.com    PUPUSAS!  Say it with me.....
  My wife is doing well now.  Back from hospital after 2.5 months and she is settling in nicely. Let us know when ur back...
  Well they beat the US and were the last African team standing so that is a good thing!  Hope you enjoy ur holiday!
  Thanks for asking.  My wife is doing well, getting settled back in....How RU?
 Trying to catch up on the real people who followed me during my absenteeism.  Thanks to all.  Have a great day.
 A happy day starts with a great cup of coffee!
  are you still around?  Been missing tweeting with you!  Ghana did great in World Cup play....
 Egyptian Kushari is a Vegan delight!  Check out the post at   BTW meat eaters will love it too! ;)
 BTW my wife has returned to us and is doing very well.  Thanks to all for the continued support...
 Dear Friends, get ready for the return of !!!  I have just consumed Egyptian Kushari. Lovely! Post to follow...
  Hi I am unsure when she will get home.  We are day by day now.  Hope that changes soon! Glad u r well!
   Congrats to Ghana in yesterdays win over USA.  How RU?
  Slowly improving but still in hospital.  How RU?
  :)  Thanks Aussie!  I am not sure if back is the word, but I miss you guys and gals and twitter. Had to say hi!
 Good Morning Tweeps!
 RT  RT this message & raise $ for the gulf RT  in honor of oil-soaked birds, 'tweets' are now 'gurgles....
 Thinking of trying my hand at a few more African dishes very soon.  Just about ready to move back into my kitchen...
 This is a very hot summer.
  I am doing my best.  BTW I like the new domain and you haven't lost your touch for great photos!  Can't wait to dive in.
  Thanks Shulie, I appreciate the thoughts....Still going through this thing.  Good friends make the difference.
  Thank you for your  shout out!
 Many thanks to all my great friends who have been sending support.  I couldn't ask for better tweeps!
 Still in a holding pattern over here at   I am looking forward to getting back in the kitchen soon I hope.
     OMG just made me have tears of joy.  Thank you for the beautiful care package.  My wife will appreciate it as she heals!
 My wife is coming home tomorrow.  Yeah!
 Been enjoying the fresh and reasonably priced berries this past couple of weeks.  Lots of delicious salads to consume!
 And in the end, the love you take is equal to the coffee you make....
  Thanks.  I appreciate the kind words...  Hope all is well and have a great weekend...
  Getting a bit better.  Have a great weekend...
  :)
  Thanks and Thanks!  Have a great weekend....Pssst I cracked a smile just then. :)
  Couldn't miss another   Hope to resume writing soon, but my iwfe is still in the hospital.
 Update:  Wife is still in hospital.  It is my birthday.  Sorta :( right now.
 As always........ Have a great weekend!   
         
          You'll love em
            trustme!
            Best tweeps!
         D is for "D" Best, F is for Follow.....
        Much love to great peeps!
            Great tweeps!
  Hmmm  What a nice offer.  I will DM you my address and if you have anything like a skin cream that refreshes then yes.
  thank  for the family recipe!  Thanks for the article feedback.  The Brunei Halal Brand is interesting stuff.
  Hope you are less bus bashed than yesterday...
    ;)  LOL  have a good one Becca....
 There are mornings when coffee is the only answer.....Happy Day All.
  Thanks Yushing.  BTW heres a link to a cool global blog that I am published in.   Note the recipe...
  If you are missing MyHungryTum, here is a recently published article I wrote on Brunei for OnePlanetMag w/a recipe....
  Nice site!  And nice food Porn!  Love the pics of the spicy squid!  
  Hi...My wife is in the hospital.  I need to be with her and not writing for the duration.  I  shall return, never fear...!
 Thanks all for the mentions.  Still on a short break.  Will return as soon as possible....
  yes thanks!  She is starting to improve.  :)
  Thanks Susan.  All will be well.  Ji is sick but is making a recovery now.  Will update as she progresses.  Talk soon.
  To answer u, my wife is in intensive care and I wished to acknowledge some friends quickly.  My friends won't mind...
  Things seem to be improving slowly but steadily.  We expect a full recovery.  Thank you for your concern.  :)
 RT         in megan land it is already friday
 RT           
 RT  RT        in megan land it is already friday
 RT  FF fav friends      
 RT          twitterlicious
 Thanks for all the love tweeps!  I miss you all and will return in a week or so....
 RT   news/views       
 RT          
 RT  Happy          
 RT  RT  FF fav friends      
  Sorry to hear about your Mom.  parkinsons is tough.  will keep you posted and thanks again...
 RT  And more  absolutely faves:        Mutual!!
  Really appreciate it Becca.  It is tough seeing someone you love in such trouble....  Prognosis is good though. :)
  Hey, been in the midst of a family emergency.  Wife is in hospital so I have to choose my priorities. Will be back ASAP. Thx!
 RT  FF food gods   WOW!  I am really flattered.  Thanks for the luv!
 Dear Friends, In the midst of family medical emergency.  Expect to be back online in a week.  Forgive the delay and appreciate the support.
  Cool art Estria.  Used to draw alot myself.  Now I cook.
 RT  Food & Style Section         
  Yum Sunday!
  No Shame!  Thats what recipes are for.  You could be the next Food Network Star. Ya never know....
 RT  Have the best Sunday ever guys!        Thankyou!
 RT  TYRT  Have the best Sunday ever guys!      
  Ahhhhh!  The truth revealed!  No worry, this recipe is easy peasy.  If you want help let me know....
  Not 100% sure, my entire 20's was a blur.  Short term memory loss ya know?!  But yeah time moves quickly now.
  It is rapidly disappearing in my rearview.....in a cloud of dust.
  LOL  funny huh?  Did you see the Encebollado recipe?  I have never made a Tuna Soup before.  It was awesome!
  You make me blush!  Thanks for the endorsement.  Can't believe we are 101 days in already!
 Where should I take my 5 yr old daughter in Charlotte?
  Heres to the cure! Cheers...
 RT   Was thinking about bringin sexy back, but i lost the receipt.  Dammit!  LOL
 RT  Yeah...I miss you alot but I'm getting better in target practice so I won't be missing you for very much longer.  :)
  Do it!  Have a great day, sounds like a good one to me!
 RT  Grazie mille, Twitter temptress RT  can I forget      I agree :)
 RT            
 Hangin out in Ecuador on MyHungryTum.  Encebollados is delicioso!  Sopa de Pescado y tomates y sebollas! 
 Hangin out in Ecuador on MyHungryTum.  Encebollados is delicioso!  Sopa de Pesce y tomates y sebollas! 
 RT          happy  all!
  hey Hapa...Great meal last week with   Thanks for the food love! The Kobe on hot rocks ROCKED!
   is it possible for ones head to explode from overwork do ya think?  I am currently testing the theory.
  welcome!  you are my 1200th follower.  I appreciate it and welcome you to our journey.  Enjoy the food!
  Here Here! on  sentiments.
 So many people to acknowledge! Undoubtedly I have the best tweeps! Thanks to all of you for the luv and support.!!! Now go cook something!:)
 54 is the number of countries in Africa and the number of dishes we have cooked so far at: 
  Thanks Liren!  It feels like 100 years!  LOL No not really ;)
 Happy 100th day birthday to MyHungryTum!  Tell a friend!
 Thanks to all mentions and  today.  It is the MyHungryTum 100th Day Anniversary!!!  I will post our 54th dish - Ecuador very soon!
 So many people to acknowledge!  Undoubtedly I ahve the best tweeps!  Thanks to all of you for the luv and support.!!! Now go cook something!
 UhOh!  Nother conference with the school principal on my daughters tormentor....  Just when I wished to be young again I am reminded...
 RT  FF Fabulous Friends      
 RT  Luv food         
 RT     Thanks for the  love! That's some excellent company!
 RT        Thanks for the 
   glad to hear you are back in the saddle!  Computer troubles = MISERY!
  Probably just waking up! 
           
  a "F"rickin "F"antastic day to       
  Nope, I am still digesting and researching the country!  Will be up by tomorrow!  Holy Help it was good!
 Hey Tweeps!  I just cooked up a beauty!  Ecuadors National Dish is called Encebollado and it is amazing!  Finally cooked your Tuna!
  Most definitely a possibility! :)
  LOL Well the cups bring on the need for the cuppy o coffee often enough....
 RT  Knock Knock -      Thanks for that post.  Very moving.
 I am off to the land of sugarplums.....
  :)  Could be but I only had McD's this morning.  it just hit the spot....oddly!
  That would be great and I would df appreciate his help with the lighting box.  Tell him thanks for me!
  It was my pleasure to feature the platter!  You will be seeing it more often...  Hope you are well!
  Uggghh  I am suffering from delayed jetlag! :(  Need more cuppy o coffee.
  My pleasure, I hope you enjoy the adventures!  Welcome aboard....
  There's always tomorrow!
 Met  in Vancouver last week.  Great Bartender and all around good dude!  
   Hey Tweeps!  Give this guy a warm   His show is in production and will be sweet! A good friend...
  HEY!  how RU?  The coffee has me happy and chirpy right now!
 Heading to Ecuador for Encebollado en esta noche......
 Good Coffee makes everything seem alright...
   Featured your platter in last nights meal!  Check it out:  
 Really Frickin' Good Fish Recipe:    Ikan Pepes East Timor (Timor Leste) National Dish  13 out of 15 points!
 I needy a nappy.  Or Some Coffee.
 Florentina made me do it ;)!
 And the winner is!!!!!.............................................going to recieve an email in a couple short minutes!  Good Luck to all!
 I am about to draw the name of the winner of my latest contest!  Stay tuned for the next great giveaway from Myhungrytum by adding ur email!
 To all who sent luv while I was away...a special 5 star Thanks!
 Hey Tweeps and Foodies!  Back in dodge now.  WIll resume postings in the new week.  Great Eats this fine Sunday! PSSST Im a cat grandpa now!
 Hey all!  Don't have time for  but i will catch it up early in the new week. Have a great weekend!
 Who should win the $3,000 & mentoring?    VOTE  
 Tomorrow is the last chance to win this awesome lighting kit LED rechargeable and BRIGHT!  
  :)  yeah.  That would be bad.  It shakes my house when they set one off....BOOM!
  would like to speak with you regarding congo and conflict minerals
 Heres an important video regarding Violence to Women and Girls in Africa.  RT if it moves you.  I rarely ask for RT's  
 Hope everyone is doing well.  Back to work now!  Good Eats everyone...
 Heres an important video regarding Violence to Women and Girls in Africa.  RT if it moves you.  I rarely ask for RT's  
  Hey!  I believe they have opened a bomb training facility near my house.  They practice disarming and dealing with fallout.  Crazy!
 This contest is fun and easy.  Win a clampon magnetic LED light just by signing up for my email list:  
  Thank you!!!!  Cya soon....
 50 down 150 to go.  Have you seen the action at  ?  New easy peezy contest on the contests page!! Ends Apr 24th!!!
 Time to pack!  Hows that for procrastinating?  Unlike me actually!  I love to travel....
  :) Smiles!  Back to you too!  Hope your week is wonderful!
  as my friend from germany said "I'd rather be on the ground wishing I was up than up wishing I was down!" Enjoy the break.
 Happy Monday!  South Charlotte News coming to your neighborhood next week!  Stay Tuned!  
  Thanks for the mention!
 Happy Monday Tweeps!  Won't be here much this week so don't forget to sign up to win  RT please!
  Nice.  I should probably walk a few hours myself....
  I may drop u a line half way through!  ;)  Talk soon....
 Been Cooking lots and writing for a few peeps including www.ciaoflorentina.com
  Sounds fun!  Wish I could be there!
  Best wishes from the East Coast.  Get better soon so you can resume cooking!
  Yep its gonna be about 84 and perfectly blue skies here.  I wish I was in the apple I would go to the park and lamp.
  Hey Amiga, Feliz Domingo.  Yo Voy a Canada en esta semana.  No hablamos por siete dias.  Muy discontenta...:(
 Happy Sunday morn tweeps.  May this day be fabulous.
  How was the grilled cheese truck?
  Thanks for the mention!  I am now following you...
  Hey Liren! :)  I have been a busy bee no question.  Keep putting out the high quality you are known for!  They will come!
 Two posts at www.myhungrytum.com & news about Ciao Florentina and the latest contest.  I will be AWOL next week.  WIll miss u all!
 In case you were wondering, I have teamed up with the lovely and talented  at www.ciaoflorentina.com a very nifty site!
  Looking forward to continuing that trend for you!  Nice to meet you and make sure to check out my blog www.myhungrytum.com
  Don't worry Jan I am figuring out the blog  and I will post the recipe for the meat pies soon!
  Too many fools in the world.  I hope for reason and rationality daily....Of course I tend to be an optimist.
 Check out "An Open Letter to New Friends at CaioFlorentina.com" on CiaoFlorentina: 
  Re: UR posting  .....its not what we do in America, although we do produce some world class assholes...like that guy.
 Chillin at Ciaoflorentina.com  Come visit me!
  I know a different Nate Davis then.  He is cool as well!  Cheers. I am going to lay down now....
 On that final note, I am signing off to go rest.  I can barely read the screen. DAMN YOU ailment of my eye! (BTW I have pinkeye)
  a special one for    I appreciate your outlook and your tweets....You are bringing it to the world...Never quit!
  Ehhhem....I love that I know the meaning of true friendship and am a great friend.  That matters most to me.
  is  per chance a hairstylist?  If so I knew him when I worked at Tutto Mondo....
  [")  Thats me with my eye dripping and shut....
  Yep I do, you are right!  And I am humble too!  ;)  Nyuck Nyuck  LOL just kidding.  Thank you as well I like fun tweeps!
 Ok tweeps, am going to be gone all next week.  Last country till I get back is a personal favorite place. Dominican Republic.  Post tomorrow
  No Problem Eh! ;)  I too am suffering from a malady today.  I have the eye that is pink...
  AMAZING!         
              ROK
            Cheers all!
   nice to see you yesterday!  Year of the Black Sun rules!
   Feel better girly!
  my casachica (  ;) bad spanglish for homegirl)  thanks for all the love and the saucy smile...
  A special  for  looking forward to working with you.....
   some o my closest tweeps   (spiedies!!!!)    
 A fine friday to awesome tweeps         
 Friday thanks go out to:         
  Sorry, I got away from the computer for awhile.  Tuna would be good!  I will have to see what I can do about that.
  Hi marriam!  I am in a good mood.  I just found out that I do not have to pay to replace a Hail damaged roof!  How RU?
 RT  Forget immigration reform. We need crappy bands from Canada reform.
  Haha! Well it was good for a smile anyway....:)
  I know a bit melodramatic right?  :)
  More good news...The recent hail storm entitled me to a new roof!  Yeah!
 Someday I too might win one of these twitter contests.  On that note, I am going to read the Prize Winner of Defiance Ohio...
