 Love it. Sounds like a great day! RT  A perfect  day in  to go tubing down the river!
 Fall 2012. Can't wait!   Has there been an opening date set for  in  
 Love the free wifi at  ( Columbia Metropolitan Airport (CAE)) 
 RT   today from 11-1 for a free peach and stay to shop for local produce.  
 RT  I concur. RT  Cosign. RT  El Burrito is a  treasure. 
 RT  Tip of the day: City Roots farm at  at 701 Whaley. Luv the Zesty salad mix & fresh vegs! 
 Sounds like it! RT   breakfast  visit to  makes for a pretty awesome morning.
 Grab a  bow tie tomorrow at Brittons' Christmas in July!  (And tell Lucky we said "hello!" )
 Tweeps? >> RT  Anybody got any good  restaurant suggestions for dinner?
 RT  Explore your imagination with LEGO’s at  EdVenture! July 23 – July 29  
 Looking for ways to cool off this summer? Don't sweat it. Here are 7   things to do: 
 Don't Sweat It : 7 Ways to Cool Off this Summer 
 RT    Tonight's SCP concert at Conundrum Music Hall is SOLD OUT!  event!
 In the mood for movies or music tonight? Movies:    Music:   
 In the mood for movies or music tonight? Movies:    Music:   
 RT  On road to  Time to think ab dinner tonight. < Spots near   Suggestions, tweeps?
 RT  Need a kid friendly lunch spot downtown  << Here's a full list:   Tweeps- suggestions?
 RT   tomorrow from 11-1 for a free peach and local produce.   
 Worth the drive! RT  RT    Looking fwd to lunch! Sounds so good I drove from  for it
 Look for  with  tonight at Conundrum Music Hall as they visit  spots around  
 Can't wait!  RT  I love  - brings  events like  to 
 40 Under 40: Kelly Barbrey,  |  
 Deadline to enter the Columbia Kick It 3v3 event is Monday, August 08, 2011.   
 RT  Time to start training for the   Marathon!     
  Thanks!  Check out  
 RT  There's a  music scene in  Check this out:  via 
 RT  Anybody know a restaurant in  that serves Kobe beef? << Hmm... Anyone?
 Excited to meet our industry peers and learn at  ( DMAI 2011 w/  
 Sweet! :)  RT  Giving away local peaches on Sat 11-1 at   
 RT  Join us at  for  tomorrow night & listen to some great local artists: 
 Us too!  RT  We'll be there! RT  Looking forward to announcing  at  
 Look for  with  tonight at Hunter-Gatherer as they visit  spots around  
 Love our airport!  ( Columbia Metropolitan Airport (CAE)) 
 Want to take a cool walking tour? Have you found the salamanders and leprechauns around  
 Destination Marketing Association International Annual Convention 2011 - 30 Under 30 |  
 Visited us recently? Submit your review! RT  Looking forward to announcing  at  7/21 
  Shrimp and Grits!   Blue Marlin 
 RT    early registration discount ends Sunday. Save $, be cool, get connected  
 RT  Go to Buffalo Wild Wing tom.  & help kids at  Children's Hospital! Coupon 
 The  will host the 4th annual National Night Out kick off at  on August 1: 
 South Carolina's Four Provinces...of BBQ |  |  
 July  BBQ birthday lunch!  ( Hudson's Smokehouse w/ 2 others) 
 Any boiled peanut lovers out there?! What are your favorite boiled peanut hot spots around town? 
 RT  RT  1/2 burger night from 5-7! see you all here   
 Don't forget - It's  at  2-for-1 admission w/ 2 can donation to   
  Indeed!
 Here's a list:  Tweeps, what's your fave? >> RT  What is the best pizza place in 
  Haha. True.
  Us too. Great minds think alike. :)
  Welcome back!
  coffee with Perry from Brittons!  ( Drip) 
  RT  Happiness is...boiled peanuts “ Boiled Peanuts: SC's Official State Snack "
  Thanks!
   We'd like to think so! If they're not overloaded with salt I think they are pretty good for you.
 Welcome! cc:  RT  Headed to NYC for a week tomorrow & finally moving to  soon after. Excited? Absolutely
  Oooh... Thanks for the tip! Have you tried them there? We'll have to check them out at  this weekend.
  Yum. Those are good, too! Thanks for the RT.
 RT  RT  Thank you  for supporting live music all weekend long. I knew you could do it <3!
   Definitely. Had a twitter explosion last week over everyone's love for Drip.   
   P.S. If you're looking for coffee in am, the new  spot is Drip in  
   All great choices! What did you pick?
     Thanks for the RTs!
  Welcome back!
 Registration opens tomorrow! RT   Next Hospitality Hotspotter class scheduled for 8/9. Save the date 
 Boiled Peanuts: South Carolina's Official State Snack 
 SC's Information Highway Picture of the Day:  |  
 Top 100 Most Influential Tourism Professionals on Twitter, compiled by  
 All-Local Farmers Market is a great Saturday morning excursion in  |  
 Welcome! RT  Happy to welcome our new news boss  to  .
 RT  Ready for the   Fest! Hope we see everybody there! 
 Look for  with  this summer as they visit  spots, including  
  Sorry that got cut off. The promo code is 2012CM.
 RT  Kids eat free all day at both  locations in    
 RT  RT   promo: 1/2 price all  races through 7/31! Code 2012CM:  
  Happy Birthday!
 RT  Enjoying this gorgeous day in 
  We'll see what we can do... :)
 Who's going to the Palmetto Tasty Tomato Festival later? 
 RT  Open House today  1-4pm  4080 Bloomwood Rd
 Go  RT  Waching the  hoping to see  native Dustin Johnson win his first major. Tied for 2nd.
 Take a guided tour with  today for just $1! 
 Getting married? Stop by  today for the Carolina Bridal Showcase from 1-5 today: 
 Beautiful. RT  Tonight's picturesque skyline in   
  Indeed!
   Or what about live music at  or   
 Take a guided tour with  tomorrow for just $1! 
   Are you into theatre or movies? Try   or Workshop: 
 Advance tickets for the Palmetto Tasty Tomato Festival sold out, but there will be limited number available on site: 
 Tomato temptation and Palmetto Tasty Tomato Festival - Carolina Kitchen -  
 Adluh Flour Mill in  by Shannon Davis of Columbia Regional Visitors Center |  
   Thanks! We need to add it to the list. We represent all of Richland and Lexington County. :)
  It sure was!!
 Take advantage of this mild weather tonight and enjoy  free concert at Finlay Park: 
  Welcome back!
 Want a behind the scenes look at the arts in  Apply for Columbia's New Audience Road Show: 
 Happy birthday to the hardest working and most  marketing associate in  -- 
 RT  Just registered - who am I gonna see  in   
  Friday BBQ! ( Doc's Barbeque w/  
 RT  Help us spread the word about  in   *Special Chamber pricing available
 "I hope you're hungry,  Chef Spurrier is about to deliver a masterpiece." -  
 RT  Tip of the day: Drip Coffee is new to   Welcome them at lunch. Shop local Shop  
 "I hope you're hungry, Columbia, SC. Chef Spurrier is about to deliver a masterpiece." - Los Angeles Times on the... 
 Tweeps, got any faves? Here's a list:  RT  Who knows of good Thai food in 
 RT  Visiting  Don't miss our summer weekend rates for twitter friends  
  This sounds so cool. We need to get you on our site as a resource for   
 RT  Hey tweeps in  - here is some info on the   shows coming up!  
   What's so funny?
 RT  Visiting  We have summer weekend rates just for twitter friends  
     Thanks y'all! Let us know if you run across any bugs or have ideas to improve.
  ... Historically Cool for 225 years |  
 Attention  football fans!  is hosting Pigskin Poets w/ Spurrier’s SEC East Division Champions today at 11 
 Pretty colors! RT  Wake Up   
  What'd you end up going with?
 RT  Fairfield Inn by  is looking for Sales Manager. Contact Amy Jackson  sales.columbia or (803) 978-2333.
 RT  Need to rent pontoon boat. Suggest. for rental on Lake Murray? << Try a few of the marinas on this list: 
 Can't go wrong with the STP! ( Groucho's Deli) 
 Attention  football fans!  is hosting Pigskin Poets w/ Spurrier’s SEC East Division Champions tomorrow: 
 ColumbiaWeather: Scattered thunderstorms tonight, low 79 (26 C).  Scattered thunderstorms Thursday, high near 88 (31... 
 Welcoming the  and the  crew w/    ( Flying Saucer) 
 SC Philharmonic to visit 'Famously Hot' Spots this Summer 
 Attention  football fans!  is hosting Pigskin Poets w/ Spurrier’s SEC East Division Champions Friday: 
 Look for  with  this summer as they visit  spots, including  
 We launched our new mobile site today. Still working out some kinks, but let us know what you think! 
 You've probably heard about the beautiful  on the lake, but have you heard about private sailboat cruises? 
 News -   Inspires with Weight Loss Story |  
 Just one more day to see "Meek's Cutoff" at  
 Yum! RT   is in the studio parking lot today! Woo hoo!  
 Investigate mysteries at  Participate in a mystery scavenger hunt and discover crime-solving science: 
 Also, congrats to         
    Thanks & congrats       
 RT  It's another  day in  Come cool off w/ an Icedream or our new Peach Milkshake! 
 Palmetto Capital City Classic press conference is underway at  ( Columbia Metropolitan Convention Center) 
 Features - Twitterati: The  in  |  
 RT  RT  We're ready for the   tonight at Ale House in  
  Bree Boyce, on  - Video 
 Today's   Just $60 for a 3-hour guided kayak or canoe trip for 2 from  
 ColumbiaWeather: Partly cloudy tonight, low 79 (26 C).  Isolated thunderstorms Wednesday, high near 98 (37 C). 
 Just saw that the    will be on  after the commercial break!
 Lost on Gilligan's Island at  Business After Hours! ( Affordable Suites Deluxe) 
 I'm at M Vista w/    
 Join  tonight and every second Tuesday for just $1 from 5:00 to 8:00 pm: 
  Bree Boyce, on  - Video 
  Bree Boyce, on  
 A Conversation with  President/CEO of  | MidlandsBiz 
         Thanks for the RTs!
   Haha. We cater to all visitors, even those that read 'C' temps. :)
 Miss South Carolina Scores Today Show and GMA Appearances 
  Where? Save us some!
 Don't forget to take advantage of  Toucan Tuesday 2-for-1 deal tomorrow: 
 Lookout for   on The  and  tomorrow morning! 
 ColumbiaWeather: Partly cloudy tonight, low 76 (24 C).  Partly cloudy Tuesday, high near 102 (39 C). 
  on  and  Tuesday |  
 Great deal!  RT   Family Night at EdVenture tomorrow from 5-8pm! Admission is only a buck!
 Indeed! RT  Plenty of Summertime left to plan a great getaway to  Columbia, SC. 
 Get your  tickets today at 9:00 am and lock in your 2011/12 season seats: 
 RT  2011-12 season tix on sale MONDAY at 9am! Lock in your seat for every  show this season! 
 ColumbiaWeather: Thunderstorms early tonight, low 75 (24 C).  Scattered thunderstorms Sunday, high near 92 (33 C). 
 RT  RT  Looking like an acoustic show for happy hour at Wet Willies in the Vista 7/29. Keep ya posted 
 Beautiful! RT  RT  Midnight Post: Trinity Cathedral Entrance.  
  Awesome! Be sure to post it on our calendar: 
        Good evening! See y'all soon in  
 Tonight  is celebrating 2 years with  Location:  Details: 
 Cool off indoors with  Smokey Joe's Cafe or Town Theatre's Chitty Chitty Bang Bang:  
 Heat things up outdoors tonight w/  free concert at Finlay Park or  baseball:  
   And congrats!!
   We'll try our best! :)
 Cool off on the water this weekend by canoe, kayak or tube w/  Adventure Carolina, River Runner and more: 
 Here's something fun to do with the kids! Cool off inside Columbia Marionette Theatre with The Little Mermaid: 
 RT   Where is the best fried chicken that's open at lunch tomorrow? << Tweeps, what's your local favorite?
 ColumbiaWeather: Scattered thunderstorms tonight, low 75 (24 C).  Scattered thunderstorms Saturday, high near 93 (34... 
  Exciting! Do you by chance have more details to list on our calendar? 
 RT  Meet the  SEC East Division Football Champions at RCPL a week from today!  
 Mezza Lebanese Bistro & Hookah Lounge Grand Opening 
 Tweeps, what are your fave Irmo restaurants?  RT  I need a fun place for lunch near Harbison. Ideas? Irmo.
  That sounds yummy! Do you do that everyday?
 Pretty! RT  Evening Repost: Keenan Fountain       
 RT   RT  Anyone joining in  I <3 Thrifting Day? Excited to join the party! 
 RT  Do you have a Chicken Man painting?  A true SC tradition! 
 Museum Road Show returns for summer edition |  
  brings national social business leaders to  by  |  
 Workshop Theatre presents the magical classic Cinderella this summer |  
 Help  in  win up to $100,000 from  Vote for Dreher Island or Sesqui: 
 RT  Super excited a/b RSVPs for  event in  We're going to be  & stylish 
 New Farmers Market: Crooked Creek Park Farmers Market 2011 | MidlandsBiz 
  Brings National Social Business Leaders to  |  | MidlandsBiz 
 And in record time! RT  Another  print job for  hot off the press.    
 We hear  native, Justin Giles, will be choreographing tonight on   Go Justin! 
  is headed to  next month |  |  
 Big Meetings in Not-So-Big Cities by  featuring   and more: 
 Go Jason! RT  I've been published! Good story a/b 2nd tier cities, incl  in  Magazine 
 Bree Boyce,  Featured on  
 Home Course: Mark Anderson | Featured:   |  Insiders Travel Blog 
 RT  Anyone have a  tshirt idea for  when they come to  Email webmaster
 RT   YPs: Introducing   Think "Contemporaries" for symphonic music 
 RT  Need some nature today? Belser Arboretum open Wed 8am-2pm 
 RT    Come to Tapp's Art Center for 1st Thurs as we rock/funk/soul/r&b from 6-9pm! 
  We've got a few and at least one more on the way -     
 Have you tried?  RT  What's the story re Drip in 5 Points in  Been meaning to cut by. 
 Yummy! RT  Half off 4th of July sugar cookies! Includes stars on a stick and grill master cookies! 
 Check out photos and video from this morning's 9-11 First Responders Memorial Groundbreaking:  
 RT  Lex Mayor Halfacre &  Mayor  speak at 9-11 Memorial. "We must never forget" 
 9-11 First Responders Memorial Groundbreaking ( Columbia Metropolitan Convention Center w/  
 We hope everyone had a great  If you missed the  we got video:  
 Mmmm....  doughnuts at  ( Krispy Kreme) 
  I know -- we got caught in it, but it stopped just in time for the show. Did you stay?
 Fireworks at  ( Village at Sandhill w/   
 ColumbiaWeather: Isolated thunderstorms tonight, low 73 (23 C).  Isolated thunderstorms Tuesday, high near 94 (34 C)... 
 They have  rolls.  ( Red Bowl) 
   You can see photos from last year on their website to get an idea: 
  Here's a list, including   and the  game: 
 Tomorrow morning: First Responders Remembrance Memorial Ground Breaking Tuesday, July 5 |  | MidlandsBiz 
 Tweeps? > RT  Best dinner in  Something farm-to-table focused. Solid wine list. Suggestions? Go. 
 RT   We're OPEN! Come by for ice cream and BIG FUN! EDDIE® wishes everyone a safe and fun July 4th 
  Here's a list of July 4th events with fireworks: 
 Happy  Celebrate and watch fireworks at   or the  game: 
   Thanks y'all!
 RT  Fireworks at Capitol City Stadium post Blowfish vs. USC Alumni game.  
 Too cute! RT  Blowy and Blowy Jr dancing to Apache.  
 Video highlights from  pageant -Kim Aiken, Miss  Lindley Mayer, Caitlen Patton and  
 Fireworks tonight! Join the  tonight with  alumni and  for fireworks:  
  Try this if that doesn't work: 
  Just click on the link: 
 More photos from the final moments of the  pageant last night. Congrats to these  ladies! 
 Beautiful!! RT  Just uploaded fireworks pics!   FreeTimesSC   Check 'em out! 
 Pretty!! RT   fireworks at Finlay park!  
 Congrats to the new  Bree Boyce, Capital City!! 
 Congrats  Teen, Caitlen Patton, from  with Mayor  
 Meet the top 5  contestants! Greater Carolina, Simpsonville, Capital City, Mauldin and Lyman: 
 Meet the top 5  Teens! Greater Lyman, Hartsville, Greater Maudlin, Greater Hartsville, and Columbia: 
 RT  I think this is the 4th outfit change for Kimberly Aiken! She is so beautiful!    
 RT  It's the little bits turn to strut their stuff!  
 Tweeps? RT  Anyone know what radio station the fireworks on  are coordinated with? 
       Tweet us some pics of the fireworks at Finlay Park!
 Tweet pics! RT  Sitting on a building downtown hoping to get some good shots of the fireworks!   
 RT  This former  is funniest MC! Love her! "Kristie Green sounds like Krispy Kreme. Remember it!" 
 Watch  online: RT    Link for live streaming 
 Beautiful! RT  4th of July  in  
 Meet top 10  Teen and Miss finalists, also courtesy  mom:   cc: 
  Teen and Miss Top 15, courtesy  mom:    cc: 
 RT  The show has started at the  The ladies all look amazing!   
  finals are heating up!!  ( Township Auditorium w/    
 Meet the top 15  contestants! Congrats to these  ladies!!   
 It's a full house tonight at   Happy Fourth! 
 Join the  tonight, tomorrow (with  alumni!) and  for fireworks:  
  Yummy! Where?
 RT  Great day here - Our Kilns are hot and so are we!    
  At dusk or around 9:15 pm.
 Cruise on Lake Murray or watch the  from Dreher Island  tonight: 
 Join  for Celebration Weekend, with Neighborfest today and Freedom Festival  
 The  Independence Day Celebration starts at 3:00 pm, with  tonight! 
 RT  the  featured on  Top Ten. Very proud of our Gamecocks and our wonderful city! 
 Will you be watching tonight as the next  is crowned? Get your tickets now!  
 There are so many ways to celebrate today, from boat parades to baseball to beauty pageants!!   
 Woot! RT  Look who I ran into! The former  and SC's only Miss America!! Now that's  
     The garnet  fountain is on our blog. Check it out!  
    Here:  It's  by  
 ColumbiaWeather: Mostly clear tonight, low 71 (22 C).  Partly cloudy Saturday, high near 97 (36 C). 
 Beautiful set up and a full house tonight at the  gala!   
 Enjoying the  gala! ( Miss SC 75th Anniversary Gala) 
  Thanks for the RT and great job with the parade today! Happy Fourth of July!
 Fact. RT  Anyone who doesn't see the utter flippin' coolness of  isn't looking, are they? 
 Have a safe and   weekend! Tonight kicks off w/  75th Anniv Gala +  
  Yes. They are tonight:  
 The   ladies were all over the  parade today!    
 Gamecock Champions to Play in Alumni Game vs Blowfish Sunday night!   
 Congrats  ( SC Gamecocks CWS Parade w/  
 Come look for our  & Cocky float at the parade! We're handing out signs. Go   
  News:  by  Market Coming to  |  
 RT  Hello  We're co-planning the Palmetto Tasty Tomato Festival July 17 w/ 
 Tweeps: whatcha think? RT      what columbia landmark is most recognizable/famous?
 Whole Foods is opening  in  ( Cross Hill Market (Whole Foods Market) w/  
 Look what we're getting in  Soooo exciting!! 
 Otherwise known as  RT    all over it tonight! Thanks for   coverage!
 We'll be handing out 1,000 signs! RT  More info from  on today's parade:  
    Get there early -- we'll have people handing 1,000 out all over Main Street around 10ish til out!
 RT  Hello  We're co-planning the Palmetto Tasty Tomato Festival July 17 w/ Join us!! . ...
 Meet tonight's winners of  round 3 prelims! Teen:  Miss:  cc: 
 ColumbiaWeather: Mostly clear tonight, low 70 (21 C).  Sunny Friday, high near 96 (36 C). 
 RT   limited-edition print  Baseball, $99 TODAY ONLY! Showcases 2010 & 2011  
 Our host for night 3,  97! "Everybody knows  is  and I think it just got hotter!" 
 Awesome! RT  At One Eared Cow's Artist Night creating glass paper weights- seriously   
 RT  BIG news! Tito Nieves & Ronny Soler performing at After Party! Tix:  
 Here's the scoop on parking and details for tomorrow's   parade:  
 RT  Nice crowd at  including  Love new stops in   
 RT  GRAND OPENING tonight at  & Hookah Bar in the Vista, 6-11. 1/2 price drinks & live music. 
  is definitely the green expert around here! RT  Any   stores to check out in 
 Heck yes! We work in and for the building, too. :) RT   and  see everyone at  
 Signs are in from  Now, who's ready for a  parade tomorrow?! Congrats,   
 First Responders Remembrance Memorial Ground Breaking Tuesday, July 5 |  | MidlandsBiz 
  And here are links to the contestant pages on the  site:  
  MISS Swimsuit-Capital City, Bree Boyce; Talent-Pageland, Erika Bryant; Gown-Simpsonville, Lara Scott 
  Yep! TEEN Fitness-Upstate, Stephanie Kelley; Talent-Cola; Caitlen Patton; Gown-Hartsville, Makaela Shealy 
 Totally. RT  Seriously, Miss SC 1994 has made the evening. Love her!  Give that lady a talk show!
 These  princesses are precious -- and they're waving at us. Too cute!! 
 Nice! RT  Ok well this was quick  the new sign coming in to town  
 ColumbiaWeather: Isolated thunderstorms tonight, low 72 (22 C).  Mostly sunny Thursday, high near 94 (34 C). 
 We're having a great time at  The host, Miss SC 94:"If I ask you the wrong question, just go with it!" Hilarious 
 RT  Proud day in  for Gamecock Nation! State House looks incredible -   did a great job
 Seriously funny!  RT  Host tonight is Miss SC 1994 and she is funny. Like. 
 Ready for night 2 of the   pageant prelims!  Township Auditorium 
 Congrats  ( Colonial Life Arena w/      
  We've got  down on the floor and  and  top middle. Looking for  :)
 We're legit today!  down on the floor taking photos at  for the  celebration: 
 RT  I love being a  fan!  is packed! If you're in  you should be here! 
 2011 South Carolina Gamecocks College World Series Championship Celebrations and Gear 
 We've got plenty of  fireworks and festivities to keep you entertained this  weekend! 
 Gamecocks bring back to back National Championships home to Columbia, SC! 
 Three Nights of  Baseball & Fireworks This Weekend At Capital City Stadium!   
 Make plans to see the Bomb Island purple martins |  Insiders Travel Blog 
  Pageant |  
 RT  We're  where the WINGO wing is "flying" off the truck til 2! Get yours before they're gone 
 RT  NEW INFO:   celebration parade will take place at noon Friday.  
 TRT  Bursting into July at The Mad Platter with  events & classes in  
 RT  RT  Camp EdVenture in   in full swing! Not too late to sign up for July 
 RT  RT   in  is going to be unbelievable!   
  Will  & cocky do? 
 South Carolina   Championship Celebration at  TODAY:  
 Let's hope so! RT  Wonder if they'll fly the Gamecock flag over the State House again?   
 RT  Boys... You made mama proud! RT:  Title celebration tomorrow at Colonial Life Arenda at 5:30. Doors at 4. BE THERE!!
 Congrats to the  team for bringing home a   national title two years in a row!!
 ColumbiaWeather: Scattered thunderstorms tonight, low 73 (23 C).  Isolated thunderstorms Wednesday, high near 93 (34... 
  Thanks for using our new calendar "tweet" feature, Douglas!
 Fourth of July Fireworks and Festivities in Columbia, SC 
 It's your last chance to enter to win this  VIP weekend. Good luck!  
 While you're here for the Miss South Carolina Pageant 
 Visiting  for  and looking for things to do? We've got you covered. Here are a few  ideas: 
 Want to meet the  contestants? Head over to  
 Looking for a place to watch  in the  tonight? Head over to  free viewing party! 
 What  prize can you win today? Scan this QR code to find out: 
 ColumbiaWeather: Scattered thunderstorms tonight, low 74 (23 C).  Afternoon thunderstorms Tuesday, high near 95 (35 ... 
 Last chance to "Be Queen for a 'Famously Hot' Weekend!" - 
  'Torchlight Tattoo' Independence Day celebration |  
 Last chance to "Be Queen for a 'Famously Hot' Weekend!" - 
 Good luck to our hometown South Carolina Gamecocks as they look to repeat as NCAA College World Series Champions!  
 Good luck to our hometown South Carolina Gamecocks as they look to repeat as NCAA College World Series Champions!
 Be Queen for a "Famously Hot" Weekend at the Miss SC Pageant 
 ColumbiaWeather: Scattered thunderstorms today, high 95 (35 C).
 ColumbiaWeather: Scattered thunderstorms tonight, low 74 (23 C).  Isolated thunderstorms Monday, high near 96 (36 C)... 
 RT  Lovely Sunday morning in  What a little jewel this town is. 
 RT  Grab brunch today with the kids in  Kids eat for $1 with the purchase of a brunch item! 11-3 
 Ride 'em cowboy! RT   Take a look at this local cowboy at the Blythewood Rodeo! 
  Did you make it out to the  after party at  Wish we'd made it out to hang with the robots and break dance.
   Awesome! How have we not heard about this before?? Tweet some pics!
 Oooh...sounds fun! RT  Support   fundraiser  tomorrow at  11-1:30.  + Jazz!
 Great end to a  conference w/  founder! Say  if you see > RT  In Columbia, sc for 
  Haha. Thanks for spreading the word! :)
  Good luck!
 Enter to Be Queen for a  Weekend to win  pageant + gala tix, hotel, plus your own sash and tiara! 
 Meet the Miss South Carolina Contestants 
 Definitely  RT  SC named Top 5 Fuel Cell State!  cc:   
  Welcome! Enjoy  and your stay here!
 Another day at  for   Converge SE 2011 
 ColumbiaWeather: Partly cloudy today, high 95 (35 C). 
 8. South Carolina:  | College Football 2011: Best Places to Eat After the Game for Every Top 25 Team | ... 
 Woohoo!! RT   We didn't get 2013 but the Special Forces Conference will be  in 2014!
 RT  Tip of the day: try a new locally owned biz this wknd. Spend at least $5 -may become a new fave! Shop local Shop 
 ColumbiaWeather: Thunderstorms early tonight, low 73 (23 C).  Isolated thunderstorms Saturday, high near 95 (35 C). 
 RT  Game is  7, but the WINGO is happenin RIGHT NOW! Come try it and "clutch" Vista Grill drink specials 
 Chili cheeseburger, fries with vinegar and sweet tea to watch the   Rush's 
 RT  Hearing 2001 play in downtown  is a GREAT addition to  today. Welcome to the home of the  ...
 Funny seeing puzzled faces of those who aren't from here hearing crowing and 2001 blasting outside  
 RT  If you're at  looking for dinner, don't forget  < Here are even more options: 
 Good luck!  RT  At the Special Forces Assoc conference in Orlando bidding on their conference for 
 Beautiful! RT      
 Woot! Next year we want  HERE! :) RT  Finished   for  Trip on  
   Tweet us some good pictures!
 RT    Visitors Center enjoying field trip to beautiful Dreher Island  
 It’s  to Donate Blood at  |  | MidlandsBiz 
 Hello visitors!  RT  RT  I mapped  attendees. See where everyone's from! 
 Awesome!   RT  Proud of everyone stopping by  Blood Drive-60 people 
  Lucky! Have a fun Friday out on the river!
 RT  MT  Where can I eat dinner & have free wifi in  Suggestions? < Here's a list: 
 RT  Blood supply in SC is dangerously low! Please donate today at the   drive: 
 Welcome,  If you're looking for things to do while you're here, stop by or tweet us:  
 ColumbiaWeather: Isolated thunderstorms today, high 94 (34 C). 
   IT-oLogy 
 ColumbiaWeather: Thunderstorms early tonight, low 73 (23 C).  Isolated thunderstorms/wind Friday, high near 94 (34 C... 
   Hotels Receive High Honors 
 Dropping off our   winner packet! ( Courtyard by Marriott) 
 RT  RT  Buses just arrived! Keith Urban (+ hopefully Nicole) are in  at  
 Checking out this cool new coffee spot!  drip 
 RT   be good to  - she's the best! < We agree!! Her and sister  rock this place. 
 Thx, Mary Pat! Info:  RT    N Main, Lamb's Bread. Haven't gone yet, but quite a following.
   Haha. True -- and budgets of all size can play when free (aside from time) is the price tag. :) 
  Thanks for the tip on the  article for  and  Found the link:  
    Ha. Wear a sweater at your own risk, but may want a cardigan in case A/C's kickin' :) 
  Good eye! :)
 RT  Hey Cola,  is looking for downtown vegan options. 
 ColumbiaWeather: Isolated thunderstorms tonight, low 74 (23 C).  Scattered thunderstorms Thursday, high near 94 (34 ... 
 Tweeps: We have a Facebook fan visiting and looking for some  BBQ this weekend. What's your fave? Post here: 
 Did you get today's   for Carolina Cafe yet?  Cafe info: 
 Great to meet  from  filming at Brittons today with our friend Perry!   
  Good luck!!
  Where are you off to??
  pizza! RT   kids eat free all day at   (2 per adult purchase) 
 Indulging in the  cookies at the new  ribbon cutting. Now these are  
 Ribbon cutting at  ( Doubletree by Hilton Columbia) 
 Yum! ( M Vista w/   
 RT  Hey  do you know of anyone who sews? (any ideas 
  Thanks for spreading the word and good luck!
 Hmmm...I bet our followers have some opinions! :) >> RT  4 most popular bands from  (currently). go.
   Page One info:  7/29-31: 3, 6&8 pm; 8/1-2: 6&8 pm; 8/3: 3, 5:30 (talkback) & 8:30 pm; 8/4: 6&8 pm
  P.S. If you forgot your umbrella, we just got some in at the Visitors Center ($10):  
 Welcome! Warm and sunny w/ chance of showers. Enjoy your visit! RT  Meetings in  this week. Hope for good weather!
  Did they tell you about the one next month? 
 RT  Happy Hour Tweet up  FRIDAY at Wet Willies in the Vista. My  will be playing from 6-9! Join me!?
  Are you going?
 Lunch tomorrow? Food Truck Food Court at  w/     
  Deal: Register for  events by the end of July to receive 50% off:  
 RT  Tonight's class is full RT  Into crafting & happy hour?  event  
 This moonlight paddle sounds like the perfect  date night with  
 Into crafting and happy hour? Then this  event at  tonight is for you! 
 The  Launches 150th Anniversary Scavenger Hunt | MidlandsBiz 
 Town of Lexington Launches 150th Anniversary Scavenger Hunt 
 RT  Looking for activities to do w/  Check out these  activities:   
 Who's up for a  adventure with the kids?  launched a 150th anniversary scavenger hunt: 
 It's a little wet outside today. Stop by the Visitors Center for a  umbrella - just $10!  
 Yum!!  RT  HALF PRICE burgers from 5-7!! See you all here tonight  
 Awesome! RT  Breaking News: Ray Tanner Named  2011 Ambassador of the Year  
  We also posted it as a poll on our fan page: 
  is packed!! Stop by before 3 pm:  ( Cromer's w/  
   at   Food Truck Food Court 
 RT   you need to get down to  soon for lunch. Support  businesses. 
 Are you a  hotel, shop, restaurant, attraction or meeting facility? Sign up for August hospitality training! 
 Lunch anyone?! Food Truck Food Court at  w/     
 Hmmm...I bet our followers have some opinions! :) >> RT  4 most popular bands from  (currently). go.
   Page One info:  7/29-31: 3, 6&8 pm; 8/1-2: 6&8 pm; 8/3: 3, 5:30 (talkback) & 8:30 pm; 8/4: 6&8 pm
  P.S. If you forgot your umbrella, we just got some in at the Visitors Center ($10):  
 Welcome! Warm and sunny w/ chance of showers. Enjoy your visit! RT  Meetings in  this week. Hope for good weather!
  Did they tell you about the one next month? 
 RT  Happy Hour Tweet up  FRIDAY at Wet Willies in the Vista. My  will be playing from 6-9! Join me!?
  Are you going?
 Lunch tomorrow? Food Truck Food Court at  w/     
  Deal: Register for  events by the end of July to receive 50% off:  
 RT  Tonight's class is full RT  Into crafting & happy hour?  event  
 This moonlight paddle sounds like the perfect  date night with  
 Into crafting and happy hour? Then this  event at  tonight is for you! 
 The  Launches 150th Anniversary Scavenger Hunt | MidlandsBiz 
 Town of Lexington Launches 150th Anniversary Scavenger Hunt 
 RT  Looking for activities to do w/  Check out these  activities:   
