 Employers Turning to Social Media for Hiring    
  thanks for the shoutout!
 The Benefits of Social Media Listening    
 Basketball Fans (Like Me!) Are Most Engaged in Social Media   
 RT  Why Demographics Don't Work & How To Succeed w/ Buyer Personas   7/21 Webinar w/    
 RT  Squeezing Your Entire Marketing Program Onto an iPad  via   <  
 RT  We helped  increase click-through rates by 550% & gain 1 million new campaign entries. Here's how: 
 The CMO - CIO connection: great interview with my fave CMO on  cmo.com   
  thanks for including my blog!
  thanks for the RT!
 Study: Cause  Drives  Affinity, Not Sales   
 Applying the Goldilocks Principle to Social Media    
 The Changing Face of     
 Business Executives Think Social Media Is a Strategic Imperative  
 Are You Ready to Combine Social Media and    
 Does ‘No News Is Good News’ Apply on    
 Retailers Plan to Increase Social Media and  Initiatives   
 Brands Need to Start Thinking About  as Participants   
 Here’s How June High School Grads Engage with Media    
 Entrepreneurs Under Age 40 Rely on Internet, Social Media    
  thanks, I'll check it out!
 Using Social Media to Build Customer Trust    
 RT  Interns are a hot debate topic! for   at 
 Tie between accountability and doing more with less as biggest challenge facing CMOs (38% each)   
 "Marketing is in a state of revolution"   
  cool. Good results? I personally have not downloaded and consider myself an early adoptor...
  good one! I think it depends on which persona is engaging online and why. Leisure versus professional...
 Question being discussed: is crowdsourcing now mainstream? 
 Wonder how many  marketers are using QR codes? Anyone out there? 
 Enjoying another great day of content at  Still lots of social media FUD prevailing but lots more toes in water.
 RT   Allison cerra is passionate and scary at the same time... Bold new marketing future fueled by ... 
  Use Increasing Among Online Adults   
 Of All Entertainment Sources, Survey Finds Only Social Media Sites Retain Steady Levels of… 
 Social Media  Brings Customers to B2C and B2B   
 Study: Journalists Now Use Social Media to Source Stories   
 Most “Smart  Abandon a  After Negative Online Experience  
 Retailers Using  for e-Commerce    
 Survey: Most B2B Companies Plan to Increase Spending on Social Media in 2011  
  Like to Share  Information, But Few Use Social Media to Follow Brands 
 Online Media’s Increase in  Use is Call to Action for Marketers  
  I say a lead is a company. could be multiple people scoping for the same potential sale.   
 here at the lovely scottsdale fairmont ready for the start of  Always one of best  conferences!
 Americans Don’t Want to Use Social Media to Consult With Their Doctor  
 Visa Steps Up Commitment to Digital, Social Media and Mobile   
 Royal Wedding: US News Media Has More Coverage Than UK Outlets  
 Small and Local Businesses Are Flocking to Social Media   
 Study Explores the Role of Social Media in the College Classroom   
 Earthquake here in the Mission in San Francisco. Pictures fell off my wall, which is a first!
 Most Americans Age 12 and Over Use    
 Great  Forbes blog on  customer ISC's marketing transformation--which earned them a  award! 
  Likewise Ann! Great event. Looking forward to doing some good content marketing with you soon! 
 RT  Do you sell cheese or do you help people make awesome grilled cheese sandwiches? (Marketing 101) 
 Play into passion when creating content strategy. If people think blooging sucks, they'll write sucky blogs! 
 Don't strand customers! RT   make sure your customers have a clear path through your website.
 Reimagine content in new forms. A whitepaper becomes blog posts or a webinar is  a whitepaper.  
 Do something unexpected with content. In B2B that means not defaulting to a whitepaper!  
 So true: find underlying pain and connect to the engagement. 
 Content marketing without a strategy. (See pic)  
 434% more indexed pages for companies that blog! Wow. 
 Good content is soul of who you are as a company, your differentiator.  
 Everyone should think of themselves as a publisher. 
 Me too! RT  Attending  w Ann Handley, author of Content Rules ( San Francisco Marriott)) 
 Top UK Retailers Largely Unresponsive on Social Media Channels   
 B2B Marketers Embrace Social Media Tactics    
  thanks for the RT!
 Autodesk says: Marketing business is upside down from how we learned it. Data now holds all the keys.  
 Hard to keep pace with market without having an adaptive marketing platform   
 7 zetabytes of data expected this year. marketers have a data problem!   
 Autodesk talking about how they are revolutionizing marketing  
  agree. Think marketers are afraid to stop printing!
 RT  If you give me a USB drive, why hard copies of white papers too?    not a digital product experience
 RT  IBM stat: "95% of CMOs in top-performing orgs consider customer insights as top resources." via   
 Are marketing silos keeping us from achieving our orgs full potential? Marketers need to tear down silos.  
 RT  We must move from "traditional marketing" to "science based marketing." via   
 Are marketing silos keeping us from achieving our orgs full potential? Marketers need to tear down silos.  primo 
  agree! And tweeting from the conference expands participation/deepens experience.
 RT  Fedex: "Just pick a vendor/ solution and go with it". As clients we can indeed get stuck in RFP analysis paralysis. 
 Looking around room at  and about 70% of people are tweeting. Wonder how this impacts what we absorb these days.
 20% of marketers say hardest part of b2b marketing is convincing internal people. Forrester asks if we have inferiority complex? 
 Forrester asking "is so much lead gen necessary anymore? Is the marketing funnel dead? 
 So true! RT  The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook  
 Move is on from transactional to relationship marketing. Companies must be prepared to engage in conversations throughout lifecycle. 
 Companies continue to be obsessed w differentiation when they should be focused on customer experiences. 
 Just got to  Looking forward to afternoon of great  content!
  Celebrity Fans and Followers Are Valuable Online Assets   
 Financial Pros Step Up Use of Social Media    
 Students Say Profs With Personal Tweets Are More Credible  
 Taco Bell Uses Social Media to Change the Conversation    
 IBM:  Connect with Companies Online Because They Want a Deal, Not Engagement 
 Social Media Plays Starring Role in New ‘all adidas’ Global  Campaign  
 Celebrity Endorsements Add Lift to Social Media Ads    
 All US  in Survey Use Social Media    
 Pew Research Center: Social Media Becoming Part of Civic Life   
 How To Handle Negative Customer Comments Posted on Social Media Sites  
 RT  on pregame show, Cal said Jorts has been invited to NBA draft camp in Portsmouth 
 RT  There aren't many players as likable as  The guy leaves it on the floor and its great  is giving him love today.
 happy  day. Wish I were in Lexington for the festivities!
  agree! context was that it shouldn't be 100% of focus to exclusion of closing loop through to the sale.   
 Closed loop mktg hard b/c of maniacal focus on lead origination versus nurture and biz domain understanding. Andre Pino  
 A fool with a tool is still a fool (marketers and tech) Andre Pino  
 Benefit of recession is it forced marketers to look at data and prove it. Jonathan Block  
  david cooperstein: marketing undergoing big change and marketers must be comfortable with the uncomfortable. 
 Agree! RT  Craig Timmer  from  can really Emcee a Show!  Very funny at 
 Study Finds Brands Need to Work Harder to Connect with  on Social Media  
 Backstage with big brain power as  preps our analyst forum w/   
 RT  Sample from  new book Poke the Box!   
 companies should be dating their prospects.  
 permission is the privilege of interacting with people in the way they want to be interacted with.  
 when the impossible starts happening its called a revolution.  
  keynote about to start at 
 YES! Love this tweet. RT    "Is anyone going to die?".... the marketer's WWJD?
 RT  5 solid B2B FB marketing tips from  and    what do u think of these?
 80% of business use for social media is to strengthen customer relationship.  adam sarner 
 social media isn't a fad. people are social.its here to stay. Adam Sarner  
  We will miss you today, Ann! 
 RT  Marketing's job over the next 5-10 years is to prove how it closes deals Adam Sarner    
 RT  RT  Digital marketing will be marketing's priority for next five years, says Adam Sarner of  
  Craig Timmer getting into character for the post award show entertainment!   
 RT  2nd B2C APEX Award goes to... Wells Fargo! 
 RT  B2C APEX Award goes to Bank of America 
 nice if video goes viral, but not goal. faster they come faster they leave. its about winning hearts and minds.  
 98% of motion pictures are filmed with kodak technology  
  that's right. only half that cost to fill with kodak ink! 
 It would cost 460K to fill up a gas tank with printer ink. Former  CMO  
  its all about setting "conditions of satisfaction" with your customers 
 RT  The mullet of suit coats: business on the outside, party on the inside. cc   
  taking the stage now and wants an AMEN for marketing!  
  goal: one global marketing automation system, closed-loop marketing. a marketing ferrari! june go-live planned.  
 cory jones  you have to know who your customer is to engage them!  
 LOL! RT  Brave that a CTO would take the stage in a room full of marketers! We love IT! ;) Rick Nucci of  
 woo hoo! RT  On the ground & ready to rock  You better come caffeinated, 
 RT   Accenture social talk - to develop a social  strategy you must Listen, Engage and then Optimize!
 IT and Marketing must be in lock step for success.  Brian Bork 
 Brian Bork  talks with  about integrating their high volume marketing-- 400 million emails per year across all properties.
 Jim Cavedo talks about how  revolutionized marketing with IMM and Digital Marketing  
 me too! RT  Ready to hear  and  keynotes  Marketing Summit 
  Hi! Probably in 2-3 weeks!
 Gorgeous day at the Ritz in Amelia Island, with  flags flowing among the palm trees.  
 Advanced data segmentation = 22% higher response rate for ESRI with no increase in marketing spend. 
 Measuring  campaigns all the way thru to conversion key. Higher clickthru not always best success. ESRI  
 RT  "Coopetition" is def the way partnerships work now. Convincing internal to partner with competition ... 
 RT  Say bye bye to Enterprise Marketing Management ( and hello to Integrated Marketing Management ( 
   answers Qs and talks  with   &   
 RT  RT   News Flash - Coming Summer 2011 -  Relationship Manager and  Marketing Studio as One
 RT  Interesting product changes on horizon with  Aprimo/Teradata merger. Now to see how NetApp can make most of them. 
  cmo  takes the stage to talk marketing revolution   
 RT   announces mobile for the Aprimo Marketing Studio avail Summer 2011
  dev team talks email, TRM, mobile marketing and more!  
 RT   On Demand releasing new functionality weekly!
 RT   Chief Customer Officer Bob Boehnlein: Software should be like a watering can. No instructions needed.  's...
 RT   56% of attendees are here to improve Marketing Performance
  with  acquisition  R&D increases by 200% 
  with  acquisition  R&D increases by 200%. 
   rated top in Gartner MRM quadrant for 8th consecutive year! 
  President  takes the stage at  
 1.1 trillion dollars of revenue and over 1 billion of  spend present with  marketing summit attendees! Wow! 
 Excited for start of  room is buzzing. stage looks spectacular! 
 RT  Things are starting to buzz at  - Welcome  customers!
 In the air en route to   in Amelia Island! Looking forward to some great marketing content!
 Social Media Integrates Customer Service with    
 Fortune Global 100 Is Embracing Social Media Engagement   
 Study of Inc. 500 Finds Most Companies Blog, Friend and Tweet  
 Case Study: Burger King Drives Sales with  Promotion   
 RT  . discusses how to maintain brand identity through social media websites:  
  "marketers jobs are to build a company someone would miss if it were gone."  cmo round table
 Reason people wait in line to buy products is that they tell a story.  
  good news for marketers is that people want to be identified with products that stand for something. 
  making average products for average people doesn't get attention. 
  says "consumers" becoming "prosumers" - they add value back in lieu of just consuming.  CMO roundtable
  says by 2013 execs expect customers to be  of ideas for new products  cmo round table
    says mobile and tablets are top future channel for marketers.  CMO roundtable
 RT   from The Economist Intelligence Unit - Great global insights for bisiness at  CMO Roundtables in Chicago
 Great  CMO roundtable in chicago,  says marketers can only move as fast as their lowest common denominator.
  has working with Jeff! RT  Check out Lead Generation Assessment from Find New Customers  
 Social Media Remains a Mystery    
  loving Teradata so far! Thanks for asking.
  thanks, yes its been a great day and great, interactive group of cmos!
 CMO= Chief Movement Officer. CMOs need to lead somewhere interesting,  door is open to do things differently.  
 "Ideas that spread win"  CMO roundtables
 "More-based marketers" trying to win a game that is no longer being played.   CMO roundtable
  talking about "what's now" in marketing  CMO Roundtable
 About hearts and minds today, not eyeballs and ears.   cmo round table
 Brand is a promise delivered and now customers have  more channels to discuss  promises made/broken.  
  marketers should embrace failures on road to change. "No one is going to die."  CMO Roundtable
  CMOs must get rid of lowest common demoninator to make change happen more quickly. 
  talks about CMO being a change agent at  CMO Roundtables in NYC  
  cmo job is to create tension. Chief Tension Officer.  CMO roundtable
  marketers have NEVER had control over how their brand is used.   roundtble
 New elevator pitch is 118 seconds: 8 seconds to hook 110 second to close    roundtble
  speaking  cmo roundtable. Amazing speaker. Says cmos need to be "radically transparent"
 In NYC  first  roundtable. Excited to hear  and  later today!
 Survey: Companies Use Social Media, But They’re Not Confident in Strategies  
 RT  Great insights! BtoB: So Much More Than Revenue and Lead Gen.    by 
  yes. send your resume to paige.oneill
 tomorrows topic! RT  The Role of Conferences and Trade Shows in B2B Marketing [ 
 good list. I use tweetchat. RT  15 Useful  Twitter Tools  
  thanks. i'm going to check out your B2B SM book. definitely needed! 
 Good thoughts. RT  How to hire your next marketing leader: 
 Fantastic blog. RT  The State Of The Union In B2B Marketing  w/   
 Social Media Vital for Travel –and Life?    
 Good Q. I say content. RT  Help me with a blog post? what do you see as the biggest challenge in  
  I think the biggest challenge is evolving from generating leads to generating content!
 Measure or rely on instinct? Blend of both...RT  Metrics That Matter in B2B Marketing [ 
 From Napkin to NYSE:  ceo's thoughts on close of teradata acquisition:  
 HP Wins Forrester Award for Excellence in Social Technology   
  Good  list. Few new folks for me to follow here! Thx!
 RT  Collaborative community mktg is enlightened approach that puts customers at center of mktg  
 RT  The Web-to-Print Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today by    
 Good post. RT  New Guest Post: 5 Steps to B2B Marketing Success   
  hey! crazy busy but good - my company just got acquired a few weeks ago so lots happening. you?
  thanks for the RT!
  hi! thanks for the follow. just followed back. looks like we have some things in common, so look forward to tweeting with you ;)
  and Ketchum Look Inside Social Media Strategies of Leading Brands  
 RT  4 Smart Ways Marketers Can Use Twitter  
   guest is Ray Wang  Leveraging Disruptive Technologies 4 Competitive Advanta 
 RT  Marketing and Sales: Two Different Species?  by    
 I did this too! RT  Curious shaking > open laptop > open Twitter > confirm earthquake.
 Jeez. Harbaugh has been entertaining offers since Wed. afternoon. Not even 3 full days. Give the guy a break.
 Great idea! RT  Jim Harbaugh should coach both the 49'ers & Stanford  the same time...I wonder how'd that wld work out
  not sure the gap can do anything to help itself at this point...
  yep. I think they are moving away from their core, which is historically dangerous. I wish them well, tho', I'm a fan.
   i disagree that the logo stands on its own. why not drop "coffee" and keep Starbucks, then surround away.  ;)
 LOL! RT  BREAKING NEWS - Kentucky's Enes Kanter will be ruled either eligible,or ineligible, I'm 100% sure.
 RT  RT  Update on the  schedule: the chat will resume on Jan 13 - stay tuned for the topic!
  seriously. why not just keep the Starbucks and drop the word coffee if they want to sell wine or whatever else?
  thanks Georgina!
 RT  Georgina Lester Eclectic!  ▸ Top stories today by    
 Is Social Media the New 9-1-1?     
 why drop name? mistake...RT  What does everyone think of the new  logo? ---->   
 RT  Next week's  guest is Ray Wang  Leveraging Disruptive Technologies 4 Competitive Advantage. 7:30 pm est!
 RT   Continues to Drive Change --Our Imperatives Do, Too  via   
 RT  . Group says: Net/net the Aprimo acquisition by Teradata is a home-run move. 
 Yikes, me either! RT  Wow, 37 days til  Mktg Summit. I can't believe it.  Reg: 
 RT    acquisition of  signals continuing trend in analytics in 2011 
 What is the topic? RT   is Thurs 8 pm ET - first chat of 2011 will be Jan 6
 RT  Why Lead Generation Fails: 6 Mistakes Marketers Make that Kill the Sale   
  Was lucky enough to see you in Maui and YOU ROCK! Can't wait for SEC play!
  Welcome to 
 Good thoughts. RT  How can social media fit into the  sales cycle?  offers some insights:  
 Why Are We Still Debating the Value of Social Media?   
 Is Social Media Mature?    
 RT  Customers should expect accelerated growth and innovation with the acquisition of 
 RT  'Tis the extended season for consolidation: congrats to Teradata on the Aprimo acquisition
  Definitely! Very exciting!!! 
 RT  Smarter deal than IBM buying Unica RT  Teradata Buys Aprimo For $525M 
 Great content! RT  Definitive Guide to Driving Demand for Your Products and Services 
  thanks! looking forward to tweeting with you!
  she it now!
 Should CEOs Be Social?     
 Holiday Shopping –Is There an App for That?    
 RT  Top Marketers- APEX Awards - Honors Feb. 28 at  Amelia Island. Have you entered? 
 RT  10 Steps to Effective  - Report via   
 Agree! RT     As long as the rules apply to politicians too
 RT  Does Concern for Digital Privacy Make Us Better Marketers? Yes, says  of  on  
 RT  Find out why top marketers from  and Elsevier attend  Marketing Summit Feb 28-Mar 2  
 Happy Holidays from the  family to yours! (my awesome team designed/built this card!) 
 RT  FTC’s "Do Not Track" by   What can YOU do about it?  
 Sorry to miss, looks great! RT   looks like a winner tonight. "What's next for  marketing" with 
 RT  Topic will be "What's next for  marketing";  will be a guest mod. hope you'll join! 
  glad you like it! :)
 great brainstorming session with pr agency  and  in San Francisco today. 2011 here we come! 
  thx. i'll have to check it out.
  thanks for the RT, Jeff!
  Thanks! Sounds like a great chat.
  hey - what is 
 RT  The Future of B2B Marketing: It’s Social --  | inspired by  
 RT  Are You a Top Vendor in Marketing Automation/Demand Gen?      
 RT  Aprimo Safeguards Business with Disaster Recovery Solution from Peak 10  
 RT  WikiLeaks & FTC. Impact to Digital Privacy?  blog by   
 RT  7 Tips For Creating a  Social Influence Strategy; inspired by   | by 
  yeah, saw portland game on tv, but I went to Maui for the tourney there, which was pretty awesome!
  agree! strong KY basketball top priority -- but I do want UL to lose badly when they play UK ;)
  Thanks for the RT!
  Nice to meet you as well. I am a UK alum, and big basketball fan. Pitino fan too, so I root for UL, believe it or now.
  thanks for the tweet!
  loved this topic, thanks! 
  depends on your overall strategic goals and the market. no easy answer. 
 Some reach millions.  They are a dime a dozen :-) No offense to blogger, but how much attention to pay to them? 
  Agree. I think influencers should be neutral but advocates firmly in your corner. 
  Agree. I think influencers should be neutral but advocates firmly in your corner.
 Agree and relevance. RT  By communicating with them. Personality makes people want to listen! 
 Q5. Focus is key. Pick ones that matter most, cultivate relationship by engaging smartly, providing needed data, viewpoint, etc.  
 Q5. Focus is key. Pick top ones that matter most, cultivate relationship by engaging smartly and providing needed data, viewpoint, etc.
  is to pick top influencers that impact most and focus there IMHO.
 Q4 Face to face still best for building relationships, but SM good to help augment, open doors, solidify, amplify. 
 RT   Q4 won't be a popular answer on Twitter but traditional efforts are still needed & important (esp. in b2b)
  when gartner recomends, people buy. millions on the line... 
 Agree. RT   RT   Why not empower and be an influencer at the same time?  
 Definitely! RT  Influence is an inside-out job. It takes a total organization mindset to make it work!  
 A3: the market, analysts, external agencies, company execs, customers...many points of input then driven by marketing.
 influence could also = defining markets and driving discussions 
 RT  How do you define & measure influence? Join  /  8pm ET to discuss 
 RT  hope you'll join other marketers for  this Thurs 8pm ET; topic: influence & influencers
 RT  The  Daily is out - read this Twitter newspaper on  (2 contributions today)
 RT  Hot e-mail advice via in webinar by  's  Great advance to preso at  
 RT   releases CMO Guide to Marketing ROI  
 RT  How many  inquiries are via web?  says 60%, more on web & SM  
 Good thoughts. RT  Today's Post: Three Views On The Future Of The CMO    
  thanks for the RT -- I owe you an email!
  great to see you on Twitter!!!
  place looks awesome, good 4 them. want all KY teams to be strong/show well, as long as CATS are strongest! LOL.
 LOL! RT   email address - a less private, more invasive, 2010 version of  
 RT  The 9 Worst Ways to Use  for  | Gr8 advice via    
 RT new  blog by    The One Business Partnership You Need to Start Building Now 
 how many people at SF Civic Center? Go   !
 RT  Are white papers and data sheets obsolete?  (client) says it's time to free your content - 
  positions  as Visionary in EMM MQ  
 The Marketing Revolution: Success Depends on Analytics & Integration   blog  
 RT  Just two weeks left to take advantage of  Summit 2-1 offer  in Amelia Island FL (2/28/11). 
 RT  Ready for the next gen of super-wifi  communications?  | great article from slate.com
  thanks for RT. :)
  showing success in driving online sales - new research shows: 
 Social Media Can Drive Online Sales    
 RT  Connecting Mobile to the Marketing Mix -  - The Marketing Revolution - Forbes 
 50%, wow. RT  Content Quality (Not Quantity) Builds Social Media Influence : MarketingProfs 
 Congrats to   RT  World's Top CMOs on Twitter  
 Great stats. Agree! RT  Think social media isn't for B2B segment? Think again.   
 Quality. RT  amazing video about B2B marketing by Richard Robinson of Google UK   
 RT  The 8 Habits of Highly Effective Bloggers --  from   
 thanks for the RTs!     
  and  join  and  for Digital  webinar on 10/5 at 1pm EDT:  
 NetProspex Ranks Industries Based On Social Media Engagement  
 My latest blog post on iMedia: YouTube “Haul Videos” – Here for the Marketing Long Haul? 
 Companies Continue to Invest in Social Media, Despite Questions About…  
 Great upcoming  webinar on digital  w/    and  on 10/5/10:  
 RT   You can't measure social media trust but you can measure engagement. Proxy for trust perhaps 
 Nice! RT   launches national campaign for Hoosier "measured marketing" companies, like  
 RT  Your boss's top 4 objections to user-generated content - and how to respond --   
 RT  Bite-sized  Webcasts: 10 experts, topics, minutes for each -    
 Agree. It should be about conversations:   "Are Co's talking too much"  
  that's great to hear Jeff! Thanks for your insights on our behalf!
 RT  Chocolate, Vanilla, or Swirl: The Debate Between Online and Offline Marketing -   
 Good tips for building  dialogue - "Let Go, Customers Control Your Brand”   ”
 Sure!
  thanks so much for forwarding!
 Great topic! RT  Join  this Thurs at 8pm EST to discuss "Social Enterprise"
 RT  New post - 'Does Social media have to be social?' - A big question! -  
 I'd say changed but not dead... RT  RIP, the Press Release (1906-2010) --Long Live the Tweet - Ad Age 
 Good tips. RT  18 Hot Topics For B2B Blogs  via    
  I can embarass myself playing foosball with the best of them!
 Just downloaded newest  version. Very slick!
  I don't play very well. Just curious.
  thanks for the RT!
  definitely. i find huge value in  wish i could join more often!
 Social Media ROI Versus the Chicken and the Egg   
  who beat you at ping pong?
 RT  The 6 Keys to  Marketing Success. Please RT.     
 RT  Building a B2B Community? Read  How-to's : w/    more
 Tonight's topic! RT  Discussing 'turning a B2B co into a social enterprise' 
  thanks! looking forward to it. 
  love facebook, use it obsessively. just have no interest in 
 What's the  topic tonight? Looking forward to attending!
 New blog post: I Don't Care About    
 Agree! RT  Taking a glimpse at  If  is involved, it has to be good! 
 RT   Q: How is Twitter marketing different? A: It's less planned and more tactical 
 Sitting at a conference, bored, so will multitask by joining  with  on 
  is all the twitter  talk good or bad? 
 RT  Join  for  tonight at 8pm ET with special guest    
 Win the  search by being more recent in results.  
 Compendium ceo:  Social networking about "human advertising" of personal activities. 
  thx for fixing my typo. Thought it ironic for that tweet about mistakes!
 Have to respond fast. "Even is you screw up, do it fast"   
 Engage, educate, excite, evangelize... the mic jack on kodak digital camera came from a tweet!  
 Your org can only move as fast as the slowest common denominator.   
 Marketers job is to cause tension in the org. Move group to edge.   
 RT  Watching  doing standup at 
 Passion not substitute for planning.   
  was just called chuck norris of  in intro at  
  Awesome! Thanks!
 Please take this  poll for my speaking session at   today: 
 Looking forward to  keynote at   in about 40 minutes!
  yes, Online Marketing Summit: In SF today, with   Great day on tap! 
 Looking forward to attending and speaking at  today!
 RT  IBM will 'Blue Wash' Unica, Lets hope they do not shed sales & product teams - wait & see!  
 RT  Do CMO using Unica need to worry about IBM acquisition? Let's Hear Your Tweets   
 RT  Thrilled   buy of  Validates hot  software space &  market 
 bye all! great topic. thanks for sharing your collective widsom! 
 How can we break that to sales? :) RT  The key to a HAPPY and LOYAL customer is being a customer-centric company!
 RT  A5 My hope is that B2B companies will finally go beyond the bare minimum and craft highly personalized campaigns. 
  so true about process before tech. our marketing team has grown exponentially and we are having this out now. 
  thanks. we have an on demand offering now. Our market is enterprise through mid-market. 
 A4. That's what we do ( so I'm lucky to use it. Challenge is adapting people to processes. myself included. 
 RT  A3 - Scoring is critical - after all, the nurturing is all about "grooming" the lead for submission to Sales 
 A3. Critical. Most marketing oftenjumps too far into sales cycle too soon b/c we didn't score and tailor programs accordingly. 
 Yes. RT  A3 lead scoring is most important aspect. Leads not ready for sales=nurture 
 A3. Critical. Most marketing oftenjumps too far into sales cycle too soon b/c we didn't score and tailor programs accordingly.
   i seriously am. i hate pushy marketing. :) 
  I agree. Interally I sometimes have a challenge with this b/c leads rule the roost! 
 A2: our best performing pieces by far are all "top 10 steps" "best practices"  Everyone hungry for how-tos. 
  sorry to market my own company, but:  
 RT  7 Keys to Successful Lead Nurturing »  by  TY! 
  us too.in fact, i did away with the lead form for our thought pieces. maybe a mistake? 
  yes, thought leadership topics usually provocative/interesting - if done well. builds relationships, especially a series. 
  LOL
 A1: thought leadership and best practices work well in my experience 
 RT  Q1. What strategies work for lead nurturing, what doesnt, and what could if improved upon? 
 hi all, looking forward to  good topic!
 vicious, true cycle RT  RT  Marketing Leads: Quality Vs. Quantity  
 Provacative thought...RT  Do We Still Need Websites? Obsession with Social Media Begs the Question! 
 Timely 4 chat 2nite RT  New Chart: B2B Marketing Challenges   
 Nearly Half of Companies Don’t Have a Social Media Policy   
