  Thank you! Were giving out free stickers for  today if you're interested. Details - 
  Awesome! Let me know what you think =) If you have any questions just ask, I can help! Thanks for looking =D
  Thanks for the follow! Whats up?!
  Haha I told you it's  this week! Here's how - 
  My only suggestion is that it should be daily, not just weekly + overall.  =)
 So, who wants free stickers today? It's not a contest, we're actually just giving away stickers to everyone.
 If we're sold out of the design you want, vote for a reprint! 
 Thanks for the  love <3     
 I wish the  tracking info could tell me how all of these awesome people are finding our site =( Google is failing me!
  Thanks for the mention! Much appreciated =)
 PS- if you participated last week, you can do it again! You'll get double entries for the 50% off coupon.
 It's  - get your free stickers here -  (you can also win a 50% off coupon!)
 Tomorrow is this months 2nd Free Sticker Friday!  Be there or be lame! 
  =)
  Thanks for the follow back by the way =D
  No problem! I follow  and hes a good guy so I figured why not take his suggestion haha
  Most definitely =)
  Headed west to Vancouver for two weeks =) Tons of hiking and beach going and awesome food to be had there haha
 Only 14 days until my vacation, can't wait! Who else has an awesome vacation planned for this summer?
 Good morning everyone!
  Thanks for the kind words!
  Not too much over here =)
  Haha, you'll also be entered in a contest for 50% off if you participate =) We're having one this Friday so don't forget!
  Thanks for the follow! Hows things?!
 If you missed it yesterday, make sure you check out this awesome dance crew I've been watching for like a week now - 
  Also, thanks for the kind words! =)
  We have stickers for sale in our store or you can wait till Free Sticker Friday and join in on the fun - 
 Time to watch a bit of Dexter, I gotta catch up before the new season starts!
  Baby bunny, teacup piglets get to be like 50 pounds full grown haha
 Thanks to  's Sound Cloud I found this awesome dubstep remix of Adele - Rolling In The Deep. CHECK IT OUT! 
 Check out this dance crew! These kids are KILLING it out there 
  Thanks for the follow! Whats up?
  Sweet =)
  US! =D
 Also, I'm selling random shit on ebay if anyone wants some old CDs and DVDs(most in brand new condition) 1 day left! 
 Got a slight break from the heat wave today, but it's still pretty warm!  How is everyoneeee?
 "Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart." - Confucius
 The first person to tweet me gets their own discount code for 25% off! GO NOW!
  Oh geeze, I would never get any work done hahaha
  If I did that I wouldn't have a life until I finished both games haha
 Ugh...Monday, ill just have to make the best of you.
 Should we bring back the Grab Bag Tee?(Random tee in your size for $10) Thoughts?
  Hey I'll be replying to your email soon I swear. I haven't forgotten =)
  Anytime!
 Thank you for the  love <3   <-- follow them!
 Thanks for the       <3
 Today is the LAST day to get package deals, dont miss out! You can save good money with the discount & free shipping 
  You would have to promote for us too though, to make it fair. Email me angryspade and we'll talk
  Unfortunately we're just an independent clothing line so we can't send out free shirts but I might be willing to help promote.
  Thanks for the kind words!
  No problem! Glad you like them =)
 Signed up for this Google + BS if anyone wants to add me haha 
 You only have until tomorrow to get our package deals from the new line! They ship for free! 
 This stiff neck is killingggg me
  large promo event? Ill be emailing later!
 I'm hanging out on AIM, come hang with me! Add AModernMyth007
  I agree! I need some new dubstep in my life, suggestions?
  Love itttt!
  No problem! That was fast! haha And thats awesome, great free promo =)
 Spent the morning reorganizing shirts and checking stock levels. Now working on finalizing our 2nd new design for the fall/winter line!!
 No problem! Glad you like it! =) RT  Just got my tank from  ^_^...thank u so much <33 I love it :-)
 Heading to the post office soon! Only 2 more days to get our package deals! Http://angryspade.storenvy.com
  I hope it works out for you! =)
  Haha I'm just messing with you no pressure =) It's awesome what you do for clothing lines though.
   Geeze whens OUR turn haha
  like keeping track of receipts for taxes and stuff like that. boring stuff.
 I wish I could make awesome t-shirts without the paperwork part =\ haha
  you sent it my way, lucky lol
  definitely does =( its storming like crazy too, soooo loud
  i cant sleep either =(
  Sure =)  Let me know if you have questions!
  Thanks so much! And of course there's ALWAYS promoting to be done. We have a street team, you can get free gear for promoting
  Thanks for the follow! (& checking out the Facebook page!) Whats up?!
 Outside enjoying another awesome storm =)
 Join us on Facebook! =) 
 RT  Want the "new & improved"  back? Please, go to this Facebook status:  & let us know! We  ...
  Ticks are the worst, my poor dogs get them every now and then =\
  There are snakes and of course spiders but I guess I don't roll around in the grass so that doesn't count haha
  I'm glad all I have to worry about is raccoons and sometimes opossums lol
  Don't get attacked by bears!
  On TV?!  Thats awesome! Congrats!!
  Thats the best way! Just do you and fuck the rest.
  You and me both! haha
 Awesome! Check out this monarch caterpillar that I found in my yard! 
  If you use shortening instead of butter in your cookies they won't get all flat like that. The same thing used to happen to me lol
  Nope, I got yours! I also replied to it this morning.
  It's really not much different than any other haha I only use it because I can switch accounts so easily.
  I think I picked the wrong subject name, Gmail takes the word free as spam =\
  It was in the spam! I just found it. My bad =\ haha
 It's just about time to make some more homemade custom packaging, what kind of design do you guys want to see?
  Hey, I need your email so I can enter you in that contest for the 50% off coupon. =)
 Packing up a few orders to send out, the tanks are selling pretty quickly!  GET SOME!
  It definitely would be.  My dad designs bridges and tunnels for a living which is pretty cool too.
  probaby some kind of engineering
  sending it out today! Thanks sooo much!!
 RT  Just ordered my tank from  :-D can't wait to get it :-)
   Oh you guyssss! Here I'll let you enter late just this once =) - 
 Only one person participated in Free Sticker Friday...I better see lots more of you on the 23rd!
  I want it! Not sure if they ship to the US though =\
  Great! Let me know what you think =)
  What a jerk haha  Did you see our new line? We reprinted our Find The Key design, I think it was you who said you liked it.
 Thanks for the        
 Two new styles from  and I dig both of them! You will too if you like Oreos or Cobras ;-) - 
 Get free stickers just for sending a tweet - 
  Thanks! I hope so too!
  Pretty good, a little under the weather but it's no big deal =) And of course! Can't wait! haha
  Hey! How are you?
  Oh geeze how did that happen haha
  Hey whats up?!
 It's our first Free Sticker Friday! Get free stickers for tweeting about us or including us in your Facebook post - 
  But thank you for the offer! Do you have a portfolio?
  I actually decided to start hiring artists rather than doing the designs myself, it's better for the brand this way.
  They are SO comfy I have to keep washing mine so I can wear it over and over haha I would appreciate the support too! =D
  You have it down pat by the looks of it haha
  Thanks so much!! I saw you're review on IATT, nice to see you're still keeping up with the creative packaging!
 Something fun to announce tomorrow! Everyone will have a chance to win free stuff =) Stay tuned!
  Depends on what kind of collab we're talking haha
  Thanks for the follow! Hows things?!
  lol its working now I'm just joshin you
  Sure sure blame youtube...lol
 Teasing us... haha RT   awe your latest tshirt review the video is private :(
  Teebanter.com is a pretty friendly place for tshirt people, not as busy over there but it's still nice.  I like it.
  Thanks! Let me know what you think! =D
  Yea they can be pretty childish for sure =\
  Hey! Thanks for the follow, hows things?!
  Thanks for the follow! Whats up?
  True that!
 "Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." — Confucius
  what has mintees done? Haha
  have fun at warped! I wish i could go this year =(
  chai lattes are the BEST
 These tank tops are SUPER comfy! And also super limited, only 20 made - 
  I heard about that one.  I miss watching the games now =( I need to work less and play more! haha
  Let me know what you think! =)
  No, I actually haven't watched any of the games haha Have I been missing out?
 Whats everyone up to?!
  thanks for the post! =)
  Wow, I went crazy with the enter button there...haha I havent watched it yet - 
  This vid is on their blog but I haven
  Link me up? And I dunno, I know they're making a "Making The Brand" DVD while on warped and they might have put out a preview
  I don't doubt you haha Was it an Arkaik vid?
  You probably did. haha
  It's a warped tour thing, girls eat them up.
 I just listed like 10 CDs on eBay if anyones interested in looking, I'll be adding more later($7.99 w/ free shipping) 
 They sure are ;-) RT   ...the find the key shirts are hot
  Thanks a lot! Will you be picking one up?
 Who wants to be friends with me? 
  Haha I'm sure you didnt get fat. We dropped our new line while you were gone! Check it out and let me know what you think =)
 Check out our package deals and save some cash - 
  Yes! I was so happy when I got an order from Australia haha
 Great post about our new line! Thank you <3 RT  Angry Spade Clothing Co. "Find The Key" ( 
  congrats! It always feels good getting love from over seas doesnt it?
  totally agree! Ill be working on tshirt stuff though so its all good haha have you seen our new line by the way??
 "Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do." - Mark Twain
  I know!! I wanted the same one haha
  He can always answer your questions too hes a good guy, and sure gotta support the indie lifestyle =)
  No problem! I believe they ship with the brim still flat if you dont like it curled up like that.
  Check out   - some awesome snap back hats there
 RT  Angry Spade Release Their Summer Line!  
  thats really good im happy for you! We just dropped our summer line have you had a chance to see it?
  great! Let me know what you think =) looking for feedback
  sounds like a good mix! Did you have fun?
  awesome! I wish i could go this year =(
  We've had the belts for a year now, we just decided to include them in the packages.  It doesnt compare to your new line though!
  Awesome congrats! Just launched the new line the other day, just chillen now.
  Hey whats been up?!
  So far so good haha I'd love to hear some feedback!
  No rush I just wanted to make sure you got my email, it was being funky the other day.
  Good good, enjoying summertime haha Finally dropped our new line so I can relax a tiny bit
  Hey there! How have you been?!
  Thank you! Really appreciate the kind words =) Maybe you can pick one up sometime!
  I enjoy everyday! =) Glad to hear you're good!  Have you had a chance to check out our new line at all?
  Did you get my  email buddy?
  Hey! How's it going? =)
  Hey! How have you been?!
  Hey whats up?!
 You have until Im done getting ready to cash in on this free shipping and then its GONE  thats 20 minutes TOPS
  Whatt thats unfortunate haha and yes they are I could never play without it Have you seen our new line? I'd love some feedback/
  Awesome! Was it for vacation or something?
  online, I gave my gameboy color away a long time ago =( I regret it now haha And yea I know what you mean, working everyday haha
  Whattttttt why?!
  Most definitely.  You've seen it right?
  Pretty good over here, just reppin the new line as much as possible haha
  Chillen, about play some old school pokemon haha How is your weekend going?
  Hey hows it going?!
  Hey! How are you?
 There's not much time left to get free shipping! The new stuff is selling quickly - 
  Thank you! Glad you like it =)
  We are!  Need more t-shirt Tumblr's to follow =)
  Hey! Thanks for the follow! So..what exactly is My Tees? I'm interested haha
 Free shipping ends tomorrow! Grab some of our new summer line -  Please RT <3
  I hear you on that for sure.  And yes, no new designs but there are new tees and tank tops =) Free shipping until Sunday.
  Why thank you =) I really appreciate it!
 Packing orders, check out the new line and order some tees! =)   FREE SHIPPING!
  Thanks for the retweet earlier <3
  Thank you sir! =)
  Thanks! The support is appreciated =)
  Find something to do! haha And great now that our summer line is FINALLY out.
  I just realized the links aren't working, sorry I'm sounding picky now haha
  Not bad here, we released our new line last night, did you get a chance to see it?
  Thanks a ton for the post! That was super quick! =)
  Thanks for the post! But both the tee and tank are printed with navy ink, not black. =)
  I will definitely try =)
  I saw yours too it looks awesome, a bit different than the one I already own but I'm digging it. =)
  I live in a city with 3 rivers and I've never been on a speed boat before. My life is a fail hahaha
  I'm using one as a coaster! They work perfect for it haha And I hope people keep them and find uses for them, save the trees!
 RT  If at first you don't succeed, think "Hey, at least I wasn't mauled by bears today..." 
  Haha feel free to use the code FRIENDS for 10% off, plus theres free shipping until Sunday. A boat would be awesome though!
  For sure did, glad it shows! And those are hang tags. Burned them all myself =)
  Thanks =) Hopefully you can grab something sometime.
  Well I since I released it at midnight and spent all day getting ready I just crashed afterwards haha promoting now!
  You thought I could wait any longer? haha I released it at midnight!
  Haha that sucks, hope it goes quick! And aw thanks for checking it out! Glad you like =)
  Hey Andres! Whats up!?
  Hey! Whats up?!
  Hey Rob! Whats up?!
  Hey! Hows it going?!
  Thanks for the follow! (and sorry for dropping my line the same day as yours, I had no idea!)
 If you missed it, check out our new Summer 2011 Line! New tees and tank tops! Free worldwide shipping! 
  Thanks a ton! We'll make up for it I'm not worried =)
 ALL DONE!!  Go check out the new line!  Free worldwide shipping for 48 hours!! Please RT!
 Okay, website is down for the next hour...get ready!
  Noted =) Its no problem, you're always super nice and you retweet stuff for us so I don't mind haha
  Sounds like a plan, if you want I can hold 1 for you because they are super limited, only a few in each size. Let me know =)
  Thats all of it. There was more but we had some printer problems so we cant release the new design =\ It's worth staying up for!!
  It was for sure.  Do you think you'll be able to grab something? The tanks are super soft and comfy.
  Thank you!!
  Thank you thank you!! So much =)  I'm so excited its all finally ready haha
 I just revealed our new line on Facebook! Site will be down in about a half hour to get everything in working order. 
  Thanks a ton! Unfortunately no new designs this time because our printer messed half the shirts up and wouldn't fix them =\
 Just a few more product shots to do and then a whole list of other stuff, I'll get it all done though no worries! =)
  Aw that would be great thanks! You've always been so helpful to us from the very start =) Thank you!
  Awesome! I cant wait for my vacation. Pretty good over here, our new line drops tonight I'm looking forward to a break haha
  Hey! How have you been?
  Same here! And I think it's about to storm too =\
  Thanks for the follow! Whats up?!
 New line drops tonight at midnight!!!! Be there or miss out on some super limited tees.
  Thanks! Me either! haha been working super hard all week getting everything ready.
  Awesome sounds good to me =)  So how was your holiday weekend?
  Good good, finishing the final detail for the new line. Drops Friday at 12AM =)
 Where all my friends at?! I haven't been on Twitter in a few days.
  Wuddup?! Hows things?
 Super excited that our new line comes out on Friday! (technically tomorrow night at midnight)
  yea it's taken forever so I'm pretty stoked
  Our new line drops Friday =) If that counts...
 Here are more details about the new summer line coming Friday - 
 Heres to thinking today is Monday and tomorrow is Tuesday and then comes Wednesday when it's really Thursday and by Saturday I'm like...fuck
 New line this friday! Get ready!
 RT  "So I have come to understand that strength, inner strength, comes from receiving love as much as it comes from giving it."  ...
 Happy 4th of July friends =) Stay safe!
  For sure, we can meet up I'll give you a tour of all the awesome places and the best food haha
  Yea it pretty much is haha Its one of a kind though I love it here I hope I never have to leave.
  Aw =( Well the burgh does them for baseball games, foothball games, hockey games, the 4th, christmas and who knows what else haha
  Fireworks are pretty awesome, Pittsburgh does them for everythingggg though so it kinda ruins it haha
  Just the typical. burgers and hot dogs haha
  Yupp! And thats awesome I hope you have fun!
  Will definitely keep you in mind! Thankssss =)
  Aw thanks so much!  You totally should! haha discount code LIVEANDLEARN for 25% off, until Friday =) Thanks for the kind words!
  Nope not yet haha  And thats awesome! I can't wait for my vacation, not till august though.
  Heyy! Pretty good, how about yourself?  And no not yet but it's coming next friday =)
  Ah! This can't be! haha Let me know what you think =) 
  Will do! Thanks =)
  Glad to hear it! Have you checked out the Angry Spade gear?
  Pretty good how about yourself =)
  Well then hey Dez! I'm Jen =)
 Someone suggest some movies, I'll watch basically anything. =)
 You can still get 25% off until next week! Use the discount code LIVEANDLEARN -  RTs?? <33
  Thanks for the follow! Whats up?
 Oh yea! Happy Canada Day to our good friends up there =)
  Haha well the previews pretty much give away what we have but I get what you're saying =)
  Unfortunately, we'll only be releasing half of what was planned. But we are making the best of it! Have you seen the previews?
  Next Friday! Finally!
 Taking product shots of the new tees right now =)
  Nah, theres always thousands of people flocking to downtown to see the fireworks and I'd rather relax at home lol
  You do the same, weather is suppose to be awesome here I'm assuming it will be there too =)
  =( That is no way to kick of a holiday weekend my friend. I hope you're okay.
  Are you okay?!
  It's the most awesome sandwiches you'll ever eat, and they're only in Pittsburgh. =)
  Close enough for me haha If you end up in Pittsburgh(kinda far from there), you have to have some Primanti Bros food!
  what part of pa?!
 RT  Happy July!
  Awesome, thanks again for your help! I really really appreciate it.
 "Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
  Awesome! How did passing the flyers out go?
  Carwash!
 How is everyone?
  Have fun at Warped Tour! =)
 "The average pencil is seven inches long, with just a half-inch eraser - in case you thought optimism was dead." - Robert Brault
 Really effed up my hip yesterday, but its all good cause I know I can push past it =) Staying positive!
  That's definitely true!
  I've heard awesome things about shopify, good luck with it!
 RT  people rarely succeed at anything unless they have fun doing it
 RT  TSHP Archive:: The Last Leaf T-shirt - Angry Spade Clothing    
 Be an optimist prime, not a negatron...Trust me, if you look at the bright side of things your  will be through the roof 24/7 ;-)
 RT  I reviewed the awesome  a while ago, if you missed it then check it out now! You can even get 20% off!  h ...
  haha awesome! I hope I see a ton of people using your code that would be awesome for both of us =)
 RT  I like when my cat falls head first into the toilet :'D
  yea thatll work perfect =)
  Yea remember I told you on FB you can just put tape over it and add your code or whatever. Feel free to be creative haha
  - I keep getting this error page when I try to go to our store or our admin panel =\  
 People are so rude...geeze.. =\
  You posted all about them so I thought you might know...sorry =\ Love your line btw, I've posted about you on 
 RT  Don't forget! 10% off your order this month when you use coupon code  tweet11. 
  I know I was talking about that company you tweeted about earlier, cwpress.
  For sure, I'm stealing that picture for the AS Facebook haha
 RT  Yes i am nice. but, that doesn't mean you can walk all over me. 
  Yes I did he mentioned you sent him, thanks for that! I replied to him but haven't heard back yet.
  Wow that was FAST! haha glad I paid for Priority
  Thanks! Theres lots more where that came from, still waiting on the other half of the shirts =)
  Do they do discharge/waterbased/soft hand inks at all? We're in Pittsburgh and that would be PERFECT for us.
  Thank you! Definitely a big step up for us =)
  Thanks for the RT Paul! =)
 Just put up a few more previews of our new shirts! Go look! 
 How was everyone's weekend? Do anything interesting??
 RT  The woods are lovely dark and deep, but I have promises to keep and miles to go before I sleep, and miles to go before  ...
 I have a pounding headache..making it very hard to work
  I wanna see some new tanks!
  Thanks for the retweet! =)
 25% off until our new line drops! Use code LIVEANDLEARN -  Please RT <3
  Awesome! New line will be here soon so don't wait on it too long =)
  It just turned summer here and its still raining and not very warm all the time haha
  Thanks for the kind words! You can use the discount code LIVEANDLEARN fo 25% off until our new line drops. =)
  Same here =) The weather is crappy but nothing I cant get over haha
  Hey thanks for the follow! Whats up?!
  Hey thanks for the follow! Whats up?!
  Hey thanks for the follow! Whats up?!
 RT  Go check out  They have a great line! And if you use the code CS0004 you get a 10% discount 
  You'll be one of the first to know when it comes out =)
  Sweet =) I've seriously stepped up the game like ten times over since the last time you reviewed shirts for us.
  Oh geeze! Will you have room for a few of ours when our new line drops? haha
  For real! And then itll feel like I was there for ten minutes instead of 11 days haha
  Vancouver, BC. Im so fucking stoked I could explode haha its so far away thoughhhh, not until August
  Maybe, I'm suppose to be saving my money for vacation but  we shall see
  Awesome! And I found out they didnt get rid of the Pittsburgh date, its just called Burgettstown instead for some reason lol
  I know right! Are you going??
  Nice! Well if you decide to go, we're offering up free gear in exchange for passing out flyers for us. =)
  Awesome, what date?
  They got rid of the Pittsburgh date =( But hopefully will have a booth there next summer.  And I knowww! it sucks.
  It's all good maybe our street team people passing stuff out on Warped will help!  Its been rainy lately, I hate it.
  That would be great thank you! I can email you with details or you can message me on FB 
  Sweet! Would you be interested in passing out flyers for us? You can earn free shirts and stuff for it. =) Let me know!
  Awesome! What date?!
 Who is going to Warped Tour this year?
  I probs will =) Its unfortunately been pretty slow lately =( Hopefully when the new shirts finally drop things will pick up
  Glad to hear it! Today has been pretty good so far, just working on some Angry Spade stuff and then hopefully relaxing later
 Whats up everyone? Enjoying your 
  You realize that means they probably want to steal your shit right? That's what they do with shirt designs.
 Still waiting to hear back from the printer on the other half of the shirts =\ This is frustrating.
  I didn't even use shirts, or real tags haha I cut up some old sheets so I could experiment without ruining anything.
 Working extra hard to make sure these shirts are ready to go ASAP for you guys
  Thanks for the shout out! =)
  Yea that one is pretty good, but you should see my practice ones hahaha
  This is the extent of what I can do haha - 
  Ugh, I don't think anyone should be learning from me with how this is going hahah
  Hahaha but Im so lazyyyy
 Day number two of trying to learn how to use a sewing machine...hopefully it goes better this time
  I know! Me either =( I have a fire pit in my yard I don't know why I haven't done it.
  Thanks for the mention!
 RT  25% off all  apparel with code LIVEANDLEARN!  
  I have yet to be able to set the damn thing up -_- haha
  All good over here =) Trying to learn how to use a sewing machine right now haha
  Aw, well thats okay maybe you can snag one of the new shirts when they drop.
  that sounds awesome for sure. Excited for you haha
  burgers are one of my favorite foods! Esp. When grilled on a campfire =)
  theyll be out as soon as i get the rest in and finish them all up! Will you be picking up a tee during the sale?? =)
  Of course! Having a 25% off sale right now with the discount code LIVEANDLEARN to make room for our new shirts =)
  Pretty good, we're having a 25% off sale to get ready for our new line, code is LIVEANDLEARN if you'd like to take part =)
  Good stuff for sure. I wanna see more! haha
  Thats awesome! My sister is all into photography, I can barely find my way around my Canon point n shoot hahah
  I like it! The photography stuff is pretty cool =)
  As soon as I get the rest of the shirts in and get them all finished up, hopefully soon! And awesome! Lets see the portfolio =)
  Thats cool, anything super awesome?  And things are going good, having a sale right now for 25% off until the new line drops.
  haha I won't be doing it myself but I'm probably gonna get it done when I have some extra cash.
  We have 25% off until our new line drops with the code LIVEANDLEARN =) Is that huge enough?
  Hey, how have you been? =)
  Hey! Hows things?!
  Hey! Whats up?!
  Haha no worries I lose my stuff all of the time too
  Ohh sounds exciting haha What did you invent?
  Sounds like it would hurt pretty bad to me haha I want my lip done.
  Awesome! You should totally send in a quick picture so we can throw it up on our Facebook =)
  Hey whats up!?
  Hey! Hows things?! Where did you end up putting that button? haha
  Hey! Whats up?!
  You've never listened to their album Sounding the Seventh Trumpet?! That makes me sad haha
  1999 homie!
  How are youuuuu?!
 True that! RT  Speak honestly, laugh heartily, love truthfully, and try your hardest. Life is too short to holdback
 If our most recent Facebook status gets 15+ likes I'll post some fresh previews of the NEW SHIRTS! - 
 <5 of sleep = not enough =\
  Awesome! Looking forward to what it's all about =)
  Ah I see, well it still sucks being sick =(
  Thanks for the follow! I just subscribed =)
  Nah I just used regular yellow mustard, but my pretzels are extra delicious now =)
 I just made some bomb ass honey mustard, yea you're jealous.
  Hope you feel better!
 Yupp, you can STILL get 25% off some new t-shirts with the discount code LIVEANDLEARN - 
 Goal for next summer...warped tour!
  I hope you do the same! =)
  The line looks great! Nice work =)
