 Leather furniture restored?  yes.  Check out these: 
 See what others did with DIY Leather restoration. 
 Can tht ugly dark stain from body oil be corrected?  Short answer - Yes.  Learn about it at: 
 Are you unhappy with the color of your leather furniture?  Go to  to learn how to change the color.
 Want to become a leather technician - learn how here:  Http://Advleather.com
 Combine CraigsList and    ---  a great way to save money and have leather furniture that is like new
 Quality leather furniture is often unprotected and prone to staining.  For best possible protection use SG - 50 from Http://Advleather.com
 What does a conditioner do for leather?  It keeps the leather soft and supple.  To learn more go to:  HTTP://advleather.com
 Faded leather furniture?  Restore your fine leather to like-new with the products from 
 When buying leather furniture, be sure it's top-grain.  If not, you will be buying an inferrior grade.  Learn more 
 Dye transfer on light colored leather is a problem.  SG - 5 Leather Cleaner will help.  Order it now at HTTP://AdvLeather.com
 Leather is acidic - pH ~ 4.5 to 5.0.  Avoid damage. Use pH balanced leather care products like the SG - Series from 
 Leather, the other renewable - check out how to do a complete make-over of your leather sofa 
 Want a business-in-a-box?  Become a leather technician.  Learn how at 
 Buy your leather care system fron  and get what the pros use.
 With the system from  you can restore leather furniture back to like-new.  Leather, the other renewable!
 Classic car leather restoration - learn more - 
 Leather Care Products.  Use what the pros use.  Get them at 
 bi-cast leahter.  Is it the real deal? Read about it at 
 Whats important to know about a leather care product?  Make sure its pH balanced like the SG Series from 
 Hate the color of your leather furniture?  Change it!  See the remarkable results from 
 Prolong the life of your expensive leather furniture. Clean and condition it regularly with the SG Series from 
 Leather furniture looking shabby?  Check out this ---> 
 Leather has ink on it?  Here's a good article: 
 When buying leather, keep in mind that unfinished leather will fade and stain.  Get the details at 
 Is "Bicast" real leather? Find out all about it at 
 what's the deal with leather conditioners?  Does it actually prolong the life of leather.  It sure does.  learn how  
 Got a cat? & leather furniture. Check out this video 
 Tip of the day...  Never store leather in plastic, it has to breath.  Learn more at .
 Hey friends... If you have leather furniture chk in with me for all the details about care and maintenance - 
 Got a question about leather furniture care?  Check out  for a bunch of hits and tips.
 Reminder...  regularly conditioner your leather with SG - 25.  Get it at 
 Question... Is saddle soap good for leather furniture. - NO WAY!  pH is way wrong.  Use it on Saddles only, not furniture or car leather.
