 eating warm homemade donuts finally found a great recipe 
 girlcook.com
 Long time no tweet...strawberry shortcake w the best sweet southern biscuits EVER...
 Food and bread at St. Joseph's table is meat-free amazing!!  
 "this is even better than street meat,"  my daughter's college friend says as I serve  Boeuf Bourguignon!!  
 love the C&C site, thank you for sharing 
 RT  RT  I'm enjoying this website  --oh yes!
 Is Buffalo the only city in the NE that hasn't had bad weather this winter?  What a shift!
 Went to my niece's baby shower, what a great Easter Brunch this would make 
 Love the Oscahs!!!!
 On second thought, going to bed, meeting in the AM...sigh
 Writing blog about my stuffed cabbage, can you say Galumpki?
 I now take pics of all the food I make for the new blog, the fam getting a little tired of cold food...
 So once again blogging is getting in the way of my cooking!  Should it be the other way around?
  I follow you all the time, I think we need a realerin blog!
  thank you!!
 I just fired my Fortune 500 customer after 27 years...cuz bad corporate behavior is not OK, I feel sick and wish I were home cooking
 posted a recipe for Crunchy, Creamy, Healthy Layered Panko Chicken on food52 - 
 Another dinner-at-home 15-minute recipe...Crunchy, Creamy, Healthy Layered Panko Chicken  
 posted a recipe for Skinny Pasta Vodka on food52 - 
 Just ate a late dinner.... Skinny Pasta Vodka.....mmmm 
 Sweet video!Orangutan and the Hound  via 
  Huffpost - A week of eating in...make food with your kids, friends, husband, wife, parents....
 Made Lemon Dream Pie for my girls....buttery pecans, lemon curd, ooooh...
 Dreaming of Italy, made my Buffalo Boy a late breakfast...Polenta  & Eggs....
  I've been looking for hockey, thank you,  crazy that NBC isn't carrying it!
  I thought I was the only one!
  I'm getting them too, thanks for tweeting it
 Balthazar's Goat Cheese Tart with Carmelized Onions...amazingly delicioso...
  chicken n' dumplings...home cookin'!  Thank you for posting!
  love your blog! Wish I could join your classes!
 posted a recipe for Pasta Pillows Stuffed with Taleggio Cheese & Asparagus on food52 - 
 Is there anything better than an old-fashioned pizza parlor that's been around since 1941?
 Pasta pillows filled with Taleggio cheese...
 when a sister, soldier, friend cooks for a sister...life comes full circle...
  just saw you on Twitter, wanted to say you did Leonard Cohen proud on Hope for Haiti..it was lovely
  so nice of you,  thank you for visiting!
  Thank you so much for the visit!
  read your post on black garlic can't wait to read more!
 My Dad spent boyhood eating cracker soup...and now I get to cook for him...on love and  why we cook...
 When cooking makes you weep 
   Wishing for strawberry picking in Buffalo, NY!!
   Amazing painter, thank you for sharing!!
 posted a recipe for Blissful Blueberry & Walnut Pancakes with Warm Maple Syrup on food52 - 
 Sending all flower/candyl/ove-giving boys a 'Be-My-Valentine 30-Minute HungryMan Brunch'  
 Hint boys: A girl never gets tired of an armful of tulips on a bitter cold winter day on or about Feb. 14
 Cooking is getting in the way of my blogging.   Or is it the other way around?
 Bridal shop day. Overdose of tulle,chiffon,satin &estrogen.
 OK, so we all have to relearn how to crack eggs, why? can you say BACTERIA!! 
 posted a recipe for Tall, Dark & Handsome Pie on food52 - 
  I hope you try it,this pie is really awesome, everyone loved it
 "Tall, Dark & Handsome Pie"...Chocolate Heaven...unbelievable...
    Just posted BEST potato salad recipe for you..
 Making luscious mile-high totally decadent chocolate pie for an early V-Day with my fam...then off to a meeting..GirlCook meet GirlPrez
   Great, let me know how it turns out
  Posted my results and your book on my new blog, friends are FBing me for details!
  P.S. Bobby's chicken soup really is the best!!  And easy!
  thank you so much for checking:  www.girlcook.com
  Girls on fire!
  Thank you so much for your note, I visited you site just yesterday, nicely done!
 posted a recipe for Nana's Sauce and Meatballs on food52 - 
  P.S. visited your etsy shop the other day, loved your work!
  Thank you so much for stopping by!!!!!
  thanks for the JCO piece, looking forward to the read...
  Nice!  And I might just make this cake for my family Val-Day dinner tomorrow night, thanks!
 Is anyone out there? JUST launched my blog at  EEK,I'm very nervous! Please visit!
  just want you to know that your book's made me a bread baker, I spread the word to everyone!!!!  Bread made easy, who knew? Thnks!
  love your site...esp the headlines!!
   love it!
 I'm seaweed today...just needing to float...and have someone cook 4 me!  Can u say takeout?
    Just launched my blog girlcook.com with my stepfather's chick soup recipe from 1930's, it's the best ever!!
 Because you really needed to know about Artisanal Jerky today  
  homemade granola recipe please!
  Mille-Crepes unbelievable...makes last night's pasta fagiole look, well, silly.  Love your site, one of my favorites.
   Thank you PBS!!!!!
 Chicacook from Buffalo sez enjoy those Buffalo Wings America..it all started here!
   thank you so much!!!!  I'm so sorry I can't read your posts, thanks for the reply!!
   sorry it took me so long to answer!  Just learning!
  chicacook in my pic...an Elderberry Pie!! Crazy picking elderberries and making that pie!
  1/3climejuice/1.5tbsevoil/2tspgratedginger/3/4tspcumin/1/2tspsugar/1/2tspsalt/1/4tsppepper/1mincedgarlicclove
 Craving asian for superbowl dinner, ideas please!
 My friend's bef and after chemo pics...girlcook made her gingerlime dressing, one of few things she could eat  
 I'm just mad about saffron
 OK so I know I'm a little late on this but didn't the chicas rock the Grammy's the other night?
 Afternoon snack, chocolate whoppers--recipe by Maida Heatter...now there's a girlcook!!!!
 Spill the wine... dig that girl.
 I love girlcooks from the 30's---heard tales last night of pastry wrapped plums, pierogi and eggs cooked in goose fat...
  lucky you!  one of my favorites tweeters (is this the right word?), what food adventures, I live vicariously!
 15 degrees, blowing snow, dark wintry night outside...turkey,mashers,gravy, biscuits inside
 Whitecorpexec overheard at friend's office "all she can do is cook,"  so this is an insult?
 Closet foodie Lady Ga Ga...has a new song...
 All these great SOTU tweets/I luv america(ns)
 Is that biden behing POTUS or the SNL guy?
 RT  POTUS: No one should go broke because they go to college.
 Playing hooky from SofUaddress because I'm out eating a big fat lemony garlicky stuffed artichoke, is it a sin?
 heard at lunch  "please pass the sub cheese"
 Girlcook sends you some fun for the day:  Glee footballers do "Single Ladies!"
 J.Timberlake sings Hallelujah....and doesLeonard proud...who knew? 
 Reading Kakuni pork, kaffir lime lobster tweets...while slapping together a lasagne
 "Mom, you don't need all those cookbooks---just go online."
   Love these, great collection!!!
  I love reading about your cooking adventures, what fun..thanks for following, I've just started tweeting, learning from you!
 And Girlcook sends a big chocolate cake to Neil Young for standing by Conan last night...he rocks. 
 Girlcook sends a big cherry pie to Conan for a sweet, classy exit.
 Cooking for someone=love made tangible.
 Lady Gaga tells Oprah she loves chicknwaffles, is "closet foodie"---I knew she was one of us, girlcook it: 
 Is anything better than a pot of stew, a glass of wine on a cold winter's night?
 Went to Korea House Korean BBQ tonight-Buffalo, NY...smelling all smoky and loving it!
 mmmmm Korean BBQ...
 Hunk of brisket. Hunk of chuck.  Grind.  Burger heaven by Savuer  
 Recipes inspired by paintings in the Louvre  
 Used dried wild oregano from Italy tonight....delicioso!  Got it at Claudio's when I was in Philly, check it out! 
 Watch Mamma Carolina make orechiette!  Che bello! 
 Made POPOVERS...so old school...awesome!  Checkout Edna Lewis' recipe.
 Dreaming of butter... it happens when you read Julia Child
