 "Spectacular" Double Meteor Shower Peaks Tonight:  via 
 Ya think? The upper limit of 25% of daily calories consumed as added sugar may need to be re-evaluated. 
 Tax junk food and subsidize good food?:  via 
 RT  Snake oil? Scientific evidence for health supplements | Information Is Beautiful 
 Free Guac! Follow  and  - then RT this message and you could be awarded free  !!! Announcing winners at 10:30!
 Thinking about trying this recipe for dinner tomorrow. Caribbean Seafood Stew -    
 "Body Image: Why "Perfection" Isn't Necessary" I love this post and its message.  via 
 RT  From the department of unhelpful research: Study shows you should start worrying about your worrying 
 The Paleo Diet: Caveman Cure-All or Unhealthy Fad? - The Atlantic:  via 
  Whew, took quite a while, but Donna was amazing and got everything taken care of. Thanks!
  Just answered =)
  Trying to change a flight.
 Seriously, a 36 minute hold on  That's not cool.
 Agreed. RT  Q4. People who stick to healthy habits "all the time" are having no fun and maybe lying. 
 Via  One Woman's Struggle To Shed Weight, And Shame | 
 Why I shop at  RT  Whole foods resignation letter assails hypocrisy 
 The importance of dreaming together  via 
  Totally stealing that idea!
 Supermarket Pet Peeve  
 I joined Women In Networking with the Highlands Ranch Chamber on Meetup. You should too! 
 Agree! RT  Twitter rocks.
 Mini Meatloaf Muffins get a big thumbs up    
 No thanks! Put down that Steak Knife! How to Quit Meat | Organic Soul   
 Going to make these Mini Meatloaf "Muffins" today:   
 Every person on  should read the  chapter from  Body Primal Mind. Every doctor prescribing them too.
 If a recipe has "healthy" in its name, I tend not to trust it.
 Kill the Munchies with Krill Oil? 
  Well, thank you =) 
 Awesome post! RT  How to Feel Beautiful 
 Three Reasons to Eat Turmeric - Dr. Weil:  via 
 Posting all my favorite things on facebook this week. Blogs, books, snacks, etc. Come over and say hi 
 Hmm, having much better results with my weight loss coaching clients than my training clients. Diet is the key!  
 My new mantra, "work smarter, not harder".
 Good tips: 5 Steps to Create a New Habit  via 
  No need to explain yourself. I completely understand =)
  These   and these , high box jumps, triceps, shoulders...
 Another reason to go grass-fed: The Carbon Footprints of 20 Foods, Shown as Car-Miles - The Atlantic: 
 That was the hardest workout of my life...and I loved every minute of it.
 The Power Of D - Science News  via 
  Depends what's in the glass. If it's a Bud, it's 1/2 full. If it's a Sam Smith's Oatmeal then 1/2 empty & needing to order more
 Just ordered the updated Primal Body Primal Mind. Anyone read it yet?  
  Thanks for listing. Picked up a few more bars today. The hubby loves them (me too).
 Discovered a  friendly food bar today  here in CO - NuDe Raw Nutrition 
 Up next on  - Favorite Nutrition Book 
 What's my favorite fitness blog? Click the link to find out  
 RT  ARE YOU A FAT BURNER OR A SUGAR BURNER?  | Primal Body Primal Mind Diet and Nutrition 
 Posting all my favorite things on FB this week: blogs, books, foods, guilty pleasures, exercises. Check it out 
  Post Kick Booty Workout Meal - 
  Podcast - 
 It's  week! Favorite on the go snack  -   
 Why obesity should concern conservatives  via 
 Don't eat foods you see advertised on television. ~Michael Pollan  
 And the great water debate continues on. Thoughts on this? Eight Glasses of Water a Day Is 'Nonsense' -   
 Currently listen to  
 RT  Why do we err? 5 essential books the science of being wrong and how to make our peace with it 
  Dinner Perfection 
 Help support the Highlands Ranch  and enjoy the most delicious peaches you'll ever eat! 
 In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time. – Anthony J. D'Angelo
 RT  Omega-3 reduces anxiety and inflammation in healthy students 
  Wish that was my photo but can't take credit for that one.
 Amazing picture of last night's thunderstorm. Taken just down the road from my house.  
  I can't believe how she just dove right in. She's usually so finicky in the morning. 
 I sure hope so! Will Photo Editing Eventually be a Thing of the Past?:   via 
 HIIT time!
   That's why I created my own list. Feel free to use until the mass tweeting stops 
 Love, love, LOVE this post! A must read. RT  3 Body Image Myths We Keep On Believing 
 My dog is loving her new Blue Buffalo Duck Recipe. No grains! Duck, chicken, turkey, sweet potatoes, berries & carrots. 
  Excellent point. 
 Girls Dominate Google's Science Fair With Projects On Cancer And Asthma Treatment  via 
 12 Hamstring Stretches for Greater Flexibility  via 
 7 habits of highly obese people (and how to avoid them.....the habits, not the obese people): 
  I'm awesome! Working my tail off and having a blast. Did you take your test yet?
 Great post by the unstoppable  -  Being Unstoppable Means Stopping to Listen 
 Do I live in Colorado or Florida? Can't tell the difference lately. 
 Say NO to Luna and YES to Lara. Hexane may be lurking in the soy protein found in popular food bars 
 Eight different veggies going into tonight's dinner.
 A perfect dinner for summer: Pan Fried Tilapia with Mango Berry Salsa   
 6 Benefits of Eating Dinner Together at the Table 
 RT  Behold the world's most magnificent trees  Also, Bark  
 Picked up some good loot at the  Farmer's Market - tomatoes, zucchini, green onions, kale , bison, dog treats
 It's Time to End the War on Salt: Scientific American  via 
 It's Farmer's Market Day! Hope the storms hold off for a few hours. 
 What's in your shopping cart?  
 The Truth about Calories | Men's Health 
 Inside Out Style: How to Pose for Photographs - My 6 Top Tips 
 RT  Neil deGrasse Tyson on the NASA Effect  
 City Living, Stress, and the Risk to Your Brain  via 
 I like this idea --> Cash-only diet may be key to healthy eating 
 States Ranked Best to Worst on Science Education  via 
 Why Saturated Fats are NOT Evil: 
 Food Movement Rising | Roots of Change 
 If you're a small business owner/entrepreneur or want to be, you must check out  radio. I pic… (cont) 
 Walk around feeling like a leaf. Know you could tumble any second. Then decide what to do with your time. ~Naomi Shihab Nye
 As an ex-exercise addict, I can relate. Great post IMO. Zen to Fitness – Activity is the Key – Not Exercise 
 RT  Ocean Sky – absolutely spectacular timelapse of the Australian night sky 
 Abs and back are sore as hell and I love it!  
 This crazy year is finally slowing down a bit and I'm back to hitting it hard at the gym. Feels SO good!
 Eggs' antioxidant properties may help prevent heart disease and cancer, study suggests:  via 
 What's cooking? Crock Pot Leg of Lamb 
 Really? The Claim: Doing Cardiovascular Exercise on an Empty Stomach Burns More Fat - 
 Whether you think that you can, or that you can’t, you are usually right. ~Henry Ford
 Americans Eat 570 Calories More Than in 1977  via 
 No fireworks yet, but my dog is already acting freaky. She knows.
 RT  Anything You Want: Derek Sivers on the Secrets of Entrepreneurship 
 RT  Persistence is an essential companion to intention, new article on persistence. 
 Bye bye dairy. Starting Whole30 from  on Tuesday. Can't wait...seriously.
 RT  Do Synthetic Fat Substitutes Make You Fat? Ask the rats who ate Pringles. 
 What a great list. RT  A week after the Summer Solstice, how far along are you in your summer reading list? 
 Paul Ryan: Obesity Savior? - The Atlantic:  via 
 What's in Your Wiener? Hot Dog Ingredients Explained RT   
 RT  Usual reason's people stop, TIME, ENERGY and BOREDOM. But what to do? -->   
 Trying to lose weight? Read this post from Whole Health Source. No scams or pills, just real science and forwa… (cont) 
  Coincidentally the Danes rank as one of the healthiest nations. If they didn't have one of the low… (cont) 
  Would check the rest for seed oils though. Here's a a great post by  on the topic 
  Chips, Annie's Bunny Cracker Junk & Popcorn. (Simple carbs and/or seed oils). All the rest are a go.  
 A surprisingly good list. I only disagree with a few of these. Can you guess which ones? The 13 Healthiest Snack Foods 
 In Denmark, Fortified Food Is Viewed With Suspicion - 
 RT  Life works so much better when we make this our motto: Whatever you have to do, do it kindly. Whatever you have to sa ...
 Found this picture of myself from 1995. Yes you can lose the weight and keep it off for good. 
     Thanks for sharing.
 Why are food allergies becoming so common? | Psychology Today 
 Seven Myths of Exercise - Healthy Bitch Daily 
 The worst lifestyle habits for your waistline   via 
 Fantastic! Have you tried the yogurt? RT  vitamin cottage does!
 Had the BEST cottage cheese today from  Grass-fed, hormone free, goodness. Wish  had their other products too.
 Via  Five Best Science Fiction Books | 
 Check out: Compulsive Exercise Addiction and the Case of Heidi Montag  via 
 RT  Can vitamin D lower your risk of melanoma? 
 RT  Number one reason to avoid eating too little and cutting calories drastically is because we want to...  ...
 A big thank you to  for the opportunity to promote the 2012  Group Study Exchange this Wednesday on air. You rock!
 Online Votes Lift Last-Ranked 'Caveman Diet'...  via 
 RT  Exploring lesser-known cuts of beef can be a rewarding culinary adventure. Try these ideas for uncommonly good results!  ...
 What a GREAT post! Toss that scale folks. - Attention Scale Addicts, part 2 -  via 
 Ah, found a little more info here:   "liquid diet drinks and non-starchy vegetables"
 I wonder what the "diet" consists of? BBC News - Type 2 diabetes in newly diagnosed 'can be reversed' - 
 Find Your Path to Happiness By Saying NO 
 RT  Massage therapy - a necessity, not a luxury: 
 Good Lord: Fattening Fried Kool-Aid Debuts in San Diego - FoxNews.com  via 
 RT ABC News Attacks Scientist Who Exposed Bias In Obesity Research  via 
 I'm going to a Meetup with Chamber of Commerce of Highlands Ranch Meetup Group 
 In the local Denver Post: CSU professor goes online to defend the "Caveman Diet" 
 7 Diet Tricks That Really Work  via 
 Why Do Most Vegetarians Go Back To Eating Meat? | Psychology Today  
 To Feel Full Faster, Pretend You're Eating Junk Food via 
 Whole Health Source: Food Reward: a Dominant Factor in Obesity, Part VI... 
 NPR: Administration Prescribes Prevention For Nation's Health-More at 
 Is Late Night Eating Better for Fat Loss and Health? | Intermittent fasting diet for fat loss, mus.. 
 RT  Squash and Sun Dried Tomato Soup 
 Check out: Visiting 10 of the Most Interesting Abandoned Places on Earth   via 
 RT  Diet Tip: Foods with one ingredient are best.
 Are you too busy? 
 DailyGood: 25 Reasons to Embrace Criticism, by Lori Deschene 
 Sweet Potato Hash 
  I agree =)
 Oh wait, found it on the Walmart website. Here's the ingredients in  Cheesy Scramble w/ Hashbrowns  
 Seriously  no ingredient list for your "health" foods online   Because they're full of crap! 
 RT  How Real Families on Real Budgets Can Afford Organic Food =>   
 Killer leg workout...check! Time for some fun in the hot desert sun.
 Via  Gut Bacteria Know Secrets About Your Future | 
 One more day in Vegas! Gym. Breakfast. Pool. More pool. Dinner. Show.
 Taking bets - How many people will be at the gym in my Vegas hotel at 7:30 in the morning?
 “People who see life as anything more than pure entertainment are missing the point.” ~ George Carlin
 B vitamins in mother's diet reduce colorectal cancer risk in offspring 
 Strength training for grandma and grandpa:  via 
 RT  "It's unwise to take ourselves too seriously" - Steve Pavlina
 First stop Taos. Next stop Flagstaff 
 A wise man makes his own decisions; an ignorant man follows the public opinion.  ~Chinese Proverb
 RT   farmers market season is in full swing! Check out our round-up here: 
 RT  Americans' Main Regrets Are Lack Of Romantic Relationships, Higher Education:   
 Not keeping a food journal? That's just one reason you're not losing weight; see more   via 
 RT  Wanna keep your testosterone up as you age?  Stay healthy. Testosterone falls as a function of health not age.  . ...
 RT  like the usnews report putting  at the bottom, mostly because its 'restrictive and hard'. Cry me a river....
 I prefer lifting heavy things, but for those who like to run - -> Phys Ed: The Science of Barefoot Running - 
  I despise this type of crappy & vague reporting. Media latches on to the headline and this bullsh spreads.
  True, "typical" would be canola, veggie oils. Not clear if it's the fat or obesity itself. Thanks for your thoughts.
 RT  Native Americans start saying no to fry bread and yes to buffalo burgers 
   community, thoughts? Eating a high-fat diet may rapidly injure brain cells that control body weight 
 Groggy this morning? Read this: How to Wake Up Refreshed | Mark's Daily Apple 
 Via  FDA: High Dose Of Popular Cholesterol Medicine May Damage Muscles | 
 Not made of money? See 10 fitness tops under $40     via 
  Thanks! Been wanting to check out the Palms.
 RT  5-Minute Healthy Sautéed Cauliflower with Turmeric: 
 RT  Chicken on the grill is too often dry. This recipe uses a few tricks to solve the chicken conundrum: 
 RT  Anthony Weiner makes me feel superior. No matter what I've done, nothing is as stupid as what he's done.
 The  Predictor of a Happy Marriage  
 I'd replace "thin" with "healthy" RT  Nothing tastes as good as being thin feels -- think about it.
 RT  New Study Suggests Color Red Increases Speed and Strength: A new study in the journal Emotion sugges...  ...
 Protein-Rich Diet Helps Gorillas Keep Lean - 
  Just checked out their menu, looks fantastic! Thanks
 Heading to  Any good restaurant suggestions?
 What Sugar Actually Does to Your Brain and Body -  
 One of my amazing clients just revamped her online accessory store. Check it out for some great deals - 
 Lunch: Grilled Salmon and Steamed Broccoli. You?
 Study shows meat consumption NOT a risk factor for colorectal cancer   
 Don't miss this! RT  In Episode 11 of The Healthy Skeptic Podcast we discuss all things cholesterol. 
 4 Tips To Keep Your Energy Level and Metabolism High  via 
 I love this guy: 
 RT  If you are just swinging the kettle bell between your legs, forget it. You gotta SNAP your hips at the top & squeeze ...
 RT  Hungry? Try our recipe: pan-seared tilapia w/ kale and lemon vinaigrette from Earthbound Farm.  
 Could go for this right about now: Mastering the Art of Paleo Cooking: Celebration Salad! 
  Been pondering the same thing. Curious to know what responses you receive.
 RT  Forgiveness: A Powerful Way to Detox Your System 
 Guide to a Gluten-Free Kitchen - 
 RT   For tender eggs, salt prior to scrambling. In the absence of salt, protein molecules interact more strongly,  ...
 Is Your Pet Eating Better Than You Are? - 
 RT  Diet Tip: Eat crap, feel crappy.
 Over-stuffed Avocado - Muscle and Fitness Hers  via 
 Only in Jersey- Trenton barber is accused of biting customer's ear in half after complaint about slow haircut | NJ.com 
 RT  Fracture risk linked to bariatric surgery: Mayo Clinic research  
 RT  Caffeine "more than doubles" cortisol response to psychosocial stress. If you're stressed, coffee is NOT your friend. ht ...
 Via  Sitting All Day: Worse For You Than You Might Think | 
 Great Album: Emeralds: Does It Look Like I'm Here? (via  
 I don't usually do the whole  thing, but what the hell. If you don't follow  you should.
 Curled up on the couch with my dog, catching up on blogs, drinking jasmine tea, listening to Thievery Corporation. It's all good.
 RT  Diet Tip: The moment u take full responsibility for being overweight is the moment u can finally do something about it.
 Addicted to  Trilogy.
 Really enjoyed this one -->  Chris Kresser: The Healthy Skeptic Podcast – Episode 10  via 
 35 Easy On-The-Go Lunch and Snack Ideas : 
 Looking for a great health & fitness blog? Check out  's blog at .  
 RT  Want to score some of the awesome gear we're tweeting about? Enter the  sweepstakes today! 
  Fantastic and the cayenne will give it a little kick. Thanks for sharing. 
 Breaking out the dehydrator this weekend and looking for some new and unusual  recipes. Anyone have a fav to share? 
  That's what I'm talking about! 
 I guess I'll finally unpack my bags from last weekend. 
 Great Slow Cooker Cookbook --> 
 Amen! RT  Don't *try* to be happy, do the things that make you *feel* happy, and happiness will find you. 
 Live your life so you have no regrets! Nurse reveals the top 5 regrets people make on their deathbed 
 Aloha! Hawaii School Lunches Made from Scratch  via 
 BigTim’s Crock-pot BBQ Beef 
 Is a Diet High in Protein Bad for the Kidneys? - 
 The End of Candy: How Health Food Threatens Our Sweets - The Atlantic  via 
 RT  Super Simple-Black Olive and Heirloom Tomato Tapenade: For today's picnic potluck I made a tapenade that turned ... http:/ ...
 RT  Live Life Even If It Scares You Sometimes 
 Via  Is That Nat Geo Photo ... A Painting? | 
 Taos + Dublab + Sunset + Red Wine + Hubby + Cuddly Dog = Heaven
 Perfect is boring. RT  Being imperfect does not mean that you are deeply flawed.
 RT  Healthy School Food Improves Student Performance. Duh. 
 Don't forget the pickles at your BBQ. These are the best 
  Come on down!
 BBQ time! Loving this sunny, lazy, long weekend in Taos.
 When it comes to warm-up, less is more  via 
 Mark Zuckerberg's new challenge: Eating only what he kills (and yes, we do mean literally...)  via 
 Body Dysmorphic Disorder May Not Just Be In Your Head -  
 RT  "We tend to perform at about the same level as those people who are close to us." ~David Campbell, Ph.D.
 RT  Diet Tip:  Most packaged foods are created in a lab by food scientists.  Do u really want to be eating a science exp ...
 So I'm Allergic To Wheat  via 
 Love these! RT  Exercise of the Day! Train your glutes (butt muscles) while challenging your stability with the Single-leg
 RT  Is it better to run on a treadmill or outside if you have knee pain or shin splints? 
 Thank U!! RT  WONDERfuls!        
 RT  If you only knew how powerful you really are, you wouldn't be afraid to try...
  On second thought, I'm not sure it's worth the risk. Would you?
  Sure, as long as I bought it myself from a good source.
 Mind over matter: You are what you think you eat  via 
 Pink pork won't kill you according to the USDA - Food on Shine 
 Not so sure this will catch on in the US - Workout Naked! Show Off Your Junk With Each Rep 
 RT  Do not wait until the conditions are perfect to begin. Beginning makes the conditions perfect. 
 Could Soda and Sugar Be Causing Your Depression? | Psychology Today 
 RT  Body Diversity Training: The Key to Lifelong Health and Well-Being:  Are offering your body enoug ...
 I'm back from my Twitter hiatus. Let the tweeting begin!
 I just registered for 2011 Rotary Club Leader Training D5450 at 
 Is Skim Milk Making You Fat? - Food on Shine 
 RT  Can living in  improve your physical and mental health?  
 RT  “Since you were born, what has your body done for you? Since you were born, what have you done for your body?” – Zen pro ...
 The 5 Biggest Fitness Mistakes 
 Hallelujah! Dark chocolate may combat exercise-induced oxidative stress  via 
  Thanks! I couldn't imagine doing anything else.
 Ron Gutman: The hidden power of smiling 
 RT  A better exercise routine for fat burning? 
 RT  How “Heart-Healthy Whole Grains” Make Us Fat - GNOLLS.ORG 
 Marinating in my fridge right now: DIY: Maple-Sage Beef Jerky Recipe 
 RT  GETTING TOASTED! Learn a super simple trick to bring out the natural oils and enrich the flavors of nuts and seeds: http ...
 Do You Know the Good, the Bad and the Ugly Fats? - EmpowHER.com  via 
 This looks like so much fun! And I hated gymnastics as a kid. Adult Gymnastics: You’re never too young to start - 
 RT  The one thing worse than a quitter is the person who is afraid to begin.
 RT  Nutrition: Even The BBC Loves Eggs!   
 3 Ideas to Prevent Schools from Killing Creativity, Curiosity, and Critical Thinking | Psychology Today 
 RT  It's Friday the 13th! The only one of 2011. 
 RT  HIIT is your best choice for burning off Belly Fat -  -     
 RT  Diet Tip: Turn your nose up at processed foods. Youre too good to eat that stuff.
 Not today. It's freezing in Denver! RT  How to tell it's hot if you're  1) your coconut oil is liquid in the jar.
 I'm going to a Meetup with Chamber of Commerce of Highlands Ranch Meetup Group 
 Get rewarded for working out! You've got to check these out.   via 
 I did NOT approve this snow!
 One of my favorite exercises! RT  A video on how to properly do a single leg deadlift. 
 Reading over applications for the  scholarship and am completely blown away by these "kids". How am I going to choose just one?
  It's the carbs not the fat - 
 RT  Consumer Reports Admits The Scientific Evidence Says ‘It’s OK To Go Low-Carb’:    ...
  Thanks for the RT =)
 Dinner tonight (substituting coconut oil for grapeseed) 
 Chris Kresser: The most important thing you probably don’t know about cholesterol  via 
 Every time you smile at someone, It is an action of love, A gift to that person, A beautiful thing. - Mother Teresa
 RT  The Fear of Making Mistakes and Interesting Insights on Being Wrong  
 Sally Fallon-The Three Offenders  of the Modern Diet.  via 
  Thank YOU for the great tweets and posts. So glad I stumbled upon your site.
 If an obesity study is funded by a drug company, be skeptical, be VERY skeptical.
 RT  Do you know how to do a proper push-up? 
 Squat Advice For 39y Old Guys With Bad Knees | StrongLifts.com 
 How to safeguard against “automatic pilot eating”  via 
 RT  Diet Tip: Healthy fats include olive oil, nuts, coconut oil, flaxseed oil, almond butter. Add to your diet.
 RT  Here's the link I just mentioned at the conference, Rethinking Saturated Fat:  
 RT  If no one told you today, let me be the first.....you are an incredible soul with a powerful destiny.
 Dinner Tonight: Braised Chicken Thighs with Mushrooms 
 Well, duh! You don't have to have celiac disease to benefit from a gluten-free diet.   via 
 What do all the healthiest diets have in common? 
 My pleasure. RT   Need to thank you for turning me on to  - that show is absolutely great!
 10 Reasons NOT to Give Up Red Meat 
 RT  All RDs should read this. RT  More Claptrap from the American Dietetic Association! 
  Thank you Tracy! The reporter found me through my twitter feed, so hooray for twitter!
 Happy Friday! Have a glorious day everyone and go soak up a little sunshine if you've been blessed with a beautiful sunny day.
 Check this video out -- Michael Pollan: Supermarket Secrets  via 
 Right on! | The Inspire Millions Challenge! | Underground Wellness  via 
 Woohoo, my biz was featured today! Business Focus: Chickadee Fitness > Highlands Ranch > YourHub.com 
  Fantastic, thank you! I've just started using coconut milk in my smoothies and LOVE it. Going to give your recipe a try.
 RT  Celebrate Cinco de Mayo by planting a salsa garden:    
 What are the best ways to pick fresh spring produce? 
   Thank you!
 Does anyone know how long you can keep coconut milk in the fridge once it's been opened? Thanks.    
 Say bye-bye to bad body image talk -  
 RT  The supermarket's frozen dinner aisle while Toto's "Africa" is playing is the saddest place in the universe.
 Screw BMI, what's your waist to hip ratio? A little belly fat can double risk of death in CAD patients 
 Ugh! Now we're feeding fish corn & soy. The Flip Side of Tilapia, the Perfect Factory Fish - 
 RT  "Agriculture: the worst mistake of the human race." A must read by Jared Diamond.  
 RT  Fat loss & metabolism: Why intense cardio sessions are better    
 RT  Young adults have a 'disconnect' between behavior and their health 
 Good Info --> Organic Egg Scorecard | The Cornucopia Institute 
 Liposuction Study Finds That Lost Fat Returns - 
 RT  Soda industry vs. NYC Mayor Bloomberg’s proposed ban: Today’s New York Times carries a piece by Robert Pear on s... ht ...
 In Online Games, a Path to Young Consumers - 
 Heading downtown for a lecture with my favorite chica  That's what us geeks do on a Friday night =)
 I love eating a meal that is full of different colors, natural colors that is. Not talking about Skittles and Fruit Loops folks. 
  Pretty hypocritical huh? I'm with you sister.
  One of my favorite quotes =) 
 Aw shucks. RT  Make me smarter       
 Cost-Effective Ways to Combat Stress | Psychology Today 
 Are folks really buying this? So sad. RT  Two junk foods conveniently packaged together.   
  You mean I might be able to grow rhubarb, with my black thumb and all?
 Don't eat anything your great-grandmother wouldn't recognize as food. ~Michael Pollan, Food Rules
 I'll be watching! RT  Heading to Toronto for  
 Embrace those imperfections and quirks! : RT  Why Self-Esteem is a Big Fat Lie  
 I've never had Rhubarb. Okay  I'll give it a try. RT  It Won't Kill You - Try Rhubarb! 
 Best advice I've heard all day. RT  Don’t wait for people to smile. Show them how.
  Absurd! Shouldn't we be encouraging folks to eat this way.  On a happier note, I just love your blog. One of my favs.
 Excluding processed foods is an eating disorder? Are you kidding me!? New Eating Disorders: Are They For Real? 
 Wacky CO weather. Had some thundersnow earlier today in Douglas County. RT  It's snowing like craaazy. Hope it keeps it up!
 Uh oh, who dared to mess with you? RT  How do you unfriend someone on FB these days, it's virtually impossible.
 RT  GetFitGuy Comment: How to Tighten Loose Skin After Weight Loss 
 What we're having for dinner tonight: Moroccan Chicken Casserole Recipe | Mark's Daily Apple 
 RT  RT  Always doing the same type of activity can be boring and lead to repetitive stress injuries and  ...
  Coconut milk, my favorite! About how much spinach do you use? Thanks!!!
 Looking for a yummy green  recipe. Anyone?   
 Learn to live within your means. The burden of debt takes a toll on your relationships, your physical health and your mental health.
 RT  "Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means you've decided to look beyond the imperfections." -Unknown
 Great post on the whole nuts and Omega 6 debate: Nuts and Omega 6 Fats | Mark's Daily Apple 
 RT  Eat fresh produce as frequently as possible. Eating vegetables at every meal is one of the best ways to drop body fat fa ...
 Peppermint aids IBS and gastric pain    via 
 Inside Out Style: Flats, Heels, Bare Feet - what is really good for your feet? 
 I want this! Bib Audrey Deco Dot Apron • Jessie Steele, Inc.  via 
 Or this one. Decisions - 2004 Mitolo Gam Shiraz McLaren Vale South Australia via  
   Thanks for the RT's
 Thinking about opening this bottle today - 2000 Raymond Generations Cabernet Sauvignon via  
 One of my favorite people to follow right now  - Tornadoes are freaking cool. From a distance.
 Can't wait to try this - Primal Tex-Mex Tortillas and Taco Seasoning | Mark's Daily Apple 
 RT  Autism, Inflammation, Speculation, and Nutrition | Psychology Today 
 Made this delicious recipe courtesy of  for dinner tonight. It was a big hit! 
 Chris Kresser: Health begins in the womb – and even before  via 
 Gut Bacteria Divide People Into 3 Types, Scientists Report - 
 Gary Taubes on Skepticality. You should listen to this:   
 Thank you  for eloquently blogging my very own thoughts on nutrition lately: (Re)Defining Nutrition 
 How to Perform a Barbell Over Head Squat  via 
 Top 50 gluten free blogs: 
 Women who exercise find it easier to achieve orgasm and other surprising charts about sex  via 
 Don't take it so personally. Most of the time, we are simply players in other people’s dramas. | Psychology Today 
 RT  A lot of people seem to think healthy eating equals deprivation, but it doesn't. 
 Gary Taubes on Skepticality: 
 Decoding food expiration dates :  via 
 Can't believe I missed this! Dr. Oz, Andrew Wakefield and others, um, 'honored' by James Randi 
 Looking forward to the rebuttals to the rebuttal. RT  Read Taubes' piece on sugar in NYT. My 'rebuttal' coming soon. 
 Good morning all of you fabulous folks. How do you plan to enjoy this lovely Sunday?
 Trying to watch  but my wireless connection in  is crap.
 You too. RT  Hope you all have a lovely weekend full of self luvin!!!
 RT  If you're smiling when you're lifting, you ain't doin it right! Just sayin.
 It's one fabulous day here in Taos, NM. I love this place.
 The sleep-deprived among us are lousy judges of their own sleep needs - 
 BBC News - How exercise is helping people living with dementia - 
 Another reason to go grassfed/antibiotic free: 1 In 4 Supermarket Meat Samples Tainted With Drug-Resistant Bacteria | 
 Bariatric Surgery: What’s it all about? 
 Secrets to a long life: World's oldest man dies in Montana at 114 - Yahoo! News 
 Read this --> RT  Are Your Weights Heavy Enough? 
 RT  Why Are Asthma Rates Soaring? 
  I love it Tracy! I'm becoming quite the smoothie queen. Enjoy this gorgeous weekend here in CO =)
   No doubt. Once I set my mind to something there's no stopping me.
 I'm late! RT  About to go LIVE with  Tune in at  or dial 347-237-5608 13 mins!  
 Bought some kettlebells today! Mission - -> One Fabulous Derriere =)
 Giveaway: $50 Lululemon Gift Card 
 My favorite cooking show  giving away 1-yr membership to Cooks Illustrated. Include  in a tweet to enter.
 Wow, Gary Taubes in the NYT, fantastic! Is Sugar Toxic? - 
 This Ex-Massage Therapist is not surprised at all: 10 Psychological Effects of Nonsexual Touch -  via 
  Will def let you know.
  Usually full body, but not always. Try to change things up a lot. Here's a link: 
