  Thanks!
 Countdown to 
  It really is. People don't understand that here's very little "choice" to being addicted.
  Thanks!
  Thanks sweetie!
 Everyone making a punchline out of Amy's death offends everyone who's lost someone to addiction. Compassion. Look it up.
 Songwriting Master.  
 R.I.P. Amy Winehouse 
 Tragic loss. 
 Playing Organ/Guitar duo with Ryan Fleming at Savino's Grill from 8-10 tonight. 
 RT  Live Jazz tonight from 8-10pm featuring the Field Trip Jazz Experience!
 I'm melting.
 And The Most Popular ‘Damn You Auto Correct’ Text Of All Time Is … 
 The Day Lady Died 
 Say hello to the newest member of the family. Miles the Boston Terrier! 
  groan... ;)
 Jimmy Page launches first official website 
 D'Angelo Back At Work on Long-Awaited New Album 
 Guitar Oscillations Captured with iPhone 4 
 Gigging with Field Trip Band. ( The Fireplace) 
  Damn. But thanks for the RT! :)
 I'm playing at the Fireplace Restaurant tonight from 9:30-12. 1634 Beacon Street, Brookline (in Washington Square) www.fireplacerest.com
 The sun and my skin don't mix well.
  I've gotta get on that.
 Amazon S3 is down.
 I'm playing at noon with Field Trip. Come check us out if you're in the Kendall SQ area. 300 Athanaeum Street, Cambridge, MA 02142
 Comparing Musical Instruments with Wolfram|Alpha 
 I'm at Salem Farmers' Market (Derby Square, Front Street, Salem) 
  I use Spotlight.
 Finally got my iMac back today after a hard drive crash 22 days ago. My backup system was tested. Preparation prevailed. Thank god.
 RIP Clarence Clemons
  He had a stroke.
 Why didn't LeBron go to college? 
 Get well, Clarence Clemons!
 Way to go MAVS. All I really cared about is the heat getting beat.
 MAVS!
 Let's go Mavs
 Just lost power. Damnit, nature.
 Attention Guitar Players. Check out Google's home page: 
 Mavs FTW!
  would have you believe that the game is tied at 21 at the end of the first quarter. What a shitty site.
 Happy Birthday, Prince! 
  I've been on Twitter along time so I probably already have and just forgot. I could never run for office! ;)
  Work it...
 Everyone should just get it out of their system and tweet inappropriate photos of themselves. Then we'd all be on equal footing.
 Spontaneity of Basketball and Jazz Based on Hard Work 
 Prince's "The Black Album" 
 Foo Fighters Walk 
 Just realized I passed 30,000 plays on Last.fm: 
  Steve Vai would know!
 A Gauge for Measuring Effective Practice 
 Massive lightning storm has been going for well over an hour. Scary stuff. 
 RT  im retiring Video:  
  Now you're talking! :)
 Attorney General Orders HBO to Make More Episodes of The Wire [Laws] 
 Cheers! ( Gulu-Gulu Cafe) 
 I'm at Hammond Castle 
 RIP Gil Scott-Heron
 Draconian Anti-Piracy Censorship Bill Passes Senate Committee 
 Logic Pro 9.1.4 Update 
 "You're your own worst critic... unless you're on YouTube." -Phil X
 Getting funky with Field Trip Band. Downbeat in 5. ( The Middle East Downstairs w/ 2 others) [pic]: 
 David Foster's 10 Tips for Songwriters 
 Playing some jazz organ with Field Trip Band at 9:30. ( The Fireplace) 
 Waitin' On A Sunny Day 
 SoundCloud Makes it Easier for Musicians To Sell Single Tracks Across the Web [VIDEO] 
 Playing An Instrument May Help Preserve Hearing 
 SNL Recap: Paul Simon Plays So Beautiful Or So What 
 Friends 
 An Internet Rock Star Tells All 
 Officially depressed. I blame the Perkins trade. 
 Picker's Wallet 
 Just How Dangerous Is Sitting All Day? [INFOGRAPHIC] 
  \m/(>.<)\m/
 Music to my ears. 
 RIP Cornell Dupree.
 Damn, Celtics. Damn.
 Happy Mother's Day, from the songwriters of the world 
 Super relieved we're not in the same boat as LA. Go Celtics!
 Holy crap, K.G.!
 SHAQ
 Let's Go Celtics!
 Friday Night Music Flick: Thom Yorke Reflects on Kid A 
 Damn I love Community!
 Musicians' brains highly developed 
 The Celtics were robbed. Literally. 
 Damn. Damn. Damn. 
 So frustrating. 
 20 minutes into the game and I still can't get a score from NBA.com or their apps. Someone's asleep at the keyboard.
 Seems the NBA site and apps don't even realize the game is on now. 
 Let's Go Celtics!
 Radiolab Presents Symmetry 
 Jeff & Britta | 500 days 
 Fox Mulder's Wristwatch 
 This game is bullshit.
 Why The Copyright Industry Isn’t a Legitimate Stakeholder in Copyright 
 The Early Movies: Songs Prince Wrote But Others Made Famous 
 Hour long documentary on the Cry Baby: The Pedal That Rocks The World 
 Live stream of Rethink Music Conference in Boston: 
  I don't know CSound but I loved rebirth back in the day.
 Wolfram Tones 
 Sweep! 
 Community was EPIC! My face hurts from laughing.
 ROTFLMAO Workaholics! 
 Prince Wants To Stop All Cover Versions Of Songs (Not Just His Songs... Everyone's) 
 R.I.P. TV on the Radio's Gerard Smith 
 Celtics FTW!
 Sick! Foo Fighters perform at the Pizza Man's garage 
  I just like reading about the Celtics beating the Knicks in the NYtimes.
 Recap: Ray Allen is one cool mo-fo 
 YES! CELTICS!
  Turnovers. Ugh.
 Ouch. Let's go Celtics!
 The Late Movies: Where Led Zeppelin Music Came From 
 Jimi Hendrix portrait made from 5,000 guitar picks 
 Don Leslie birthday 
 Holy crap! Just discovered Tal Wilkenfeld! 
 RIP Roger Nichols. Learned a ton about mixing from him.
 YouTube - LCD Soundsystem's last show in all its glory. Arcade Fire guesting! 
  I totally heard that too. Scared the crap out of me!
 I think unattended car alarms should be a ticketable offense.
  Nice! Katie loved it too.
 Just finished chaperoning Katie through Battlestar Galactica. That was awesome.
  I hear ya! I'll have to check it out.
 Screw it. Tried to tweet a link twice and it always breaks. Google this: Daily Show: I Give Up - Pay Anything...
 They're calling for a foot of snow on Friday and it's not an April Fool's joke.
  Guitar God!
  Haven't read it.
 rated Van Halen by Van Halen 5 stars  
 likes Van Halen by Van Halen on Ping  
 Open iPad GarageBand projects on your Mac 
 likes Don't Let Me Be Lonely Tonight by The Isley Brothers on Ping  
 likes That Lady (Part 1 & 2) by The Isley Brothers on Ping  
 likes Born Under a Bad Sign (Single Version) by Albert King on Ping  
 Our Favorite YouTube Videos This Week: The Friday Edition 
 "Friday" by Rebecca Black, as interpreted by a bad lip reader 
 Pitchfork to Stream LCD Soundsystem's Final Show Live From Madison Square Garden 
 Guitar Legend Steve Vai and Berkleemusic Set World Record for Largest Online Guitar Lesson 
 RIP Elizabeth Taylor.
  :) cracked me up!
 Rebecca Black Video PSA: 
 Ready for some Textmate hotness? Okay, then. <a... 
 RIP Pinetop Perkins.
 The Dropkick Murphys and a very special guest at the House of Blues 
 likes After Supper by Count Basie on Ping  
 A Shotgun Hidden inside a Guitar [Wtf] 
 I can see the "super moon" from my office window. It's huge and white. That's what she said.
 Five Years Ago Today: Ze Frank’s The Show Debuted 
 Happy St. Patrick's Day and Happy Birthday to William Gibson! 
 likes Beth Nielsen Chapman by Beth Nielsen Chapman on Ping  
 World's Greatest Extra: 
 Happy Pi Day!
 Export to GarageBand is the feature to beat for all new iOS audio apps.
 Downloading GarageBand on the iPad now. Aw yeah.
 likes Brothers (Deluxe Version) by The Black Keys on Ping  
  When I figure out how to get good live sound with a simple video setup, I'll totally do it.
  My fault. Should've given more notice. Next time! :)
 Gigging. Come on down. ( The Fireplace) 
 I'll be playing some jazz organ w/ the Field Trip Jazz Project at the Fireplace in Brookline tonight. 9:30-12PM. www.fireplacerest.com
 Passport ownership prevents diabetes 
 The Late Movies: Power Ballads 
 Why Blame The Teachers? 
 Dealing with Internet Trolls - the Cognitive Therapy Approach 
 Ultimate Pirate Ship Bedroom (14 pics) 
 Six-String Saturday 
 Here's the iPad audio interface used in the video. It's an Apogee Jam: 
  If it syncs to GB on Mac or exports projects, then it's the perfect starting point for importing into Logic Pro.
  It's not available yet but I'll get it when I can.
 GarageBand for iPad! Oh hell yes!
 Hey Netflix, how about once in a while you send me a disc that wasn't man handled by a pack of feral children?
 The Telecaster: Still Wailing At 60 
 Just watched Inside Job. I'd be crying if I weren't so angry.
  : A tribute to Kendrick Perkins 
  haha. Wish I could. :)
 Cheers! 
 Jumpin Jive - Cab Calloway and the Nicholas Brothers 
 The Worst Gig: 
 Voices and pictures from Madison, Wisconsin, protests 
 Obama Promised He'd Join Picket Line over Bargaining Rights [Video] 
 If there's an episode of Community that I won't watch over and over, it was tonight's. Damn.
 Visualizing the wealth of America's super-rich ruling class 
  haha. Thankfully not... since it was a gift from my mom!
 BREAKING: Perk traded! 
 Are you better off today than you were four, no, forty years ago? 
  Thanks! :D
 The Blues and the Abstract Truth 
 Birthday massage! ( Andrew Michaels Salon) 
  It's hard to say. Doesn't seem to be many new releases. But it's competition which is good.
 Guitar Legend Steve Vai and Berklee Attempt World Record For Largest Online Guitar Lesson 
 Extra happy to be an Amazon Prime member today!
 Gigging. ( River Rock Grill) 
 The iPad and MIDI hardware working together, here's how. 
 Radiohead - Lotus Flower 
 Terrified Ray Allen Discovers Celtics Lab Containing Thousands Of Test-Tube 'Big Babies' 
 Radiohead Album Available Now 
 Gigging ( Savino's) 
 3D printed guitar is fully rockin' 
 Eruption. 
 George Shearing, ‘Lullaby of Birdland’ Jazz Virtuoso, Dies at 91 
 Radiohead To Release New Album, 'The King Of Limbs,' This Week 
 iPad Synth Porn – The Synth-Project MC-20 Controller 
 Ray Allen Ties Reggie Miller's 3 Point Record VIDEO 
 Ray Allen is new 3-point king 
 Prince donates $1.5 million to New York Schools 
  headline writers must be an odd bunch. :)
 rated Calling Card by Rory Gallagher 5 stars  
 likes Calling Card by Rory Gallagher on Ping  
 Read this Reuters headline real fast: 
 Picturing economic inequality 
 John Eskow: Christina Aguilera and the Hideous Cult of Oversouling 
 Gary Moore - Red House: 
 RIP Gary Moore.
 LOST Answers 
 A food manifesto for the future: 
 Charles H Kaman, inventor of the Ovation Guitar dies at age 91 
 How to Use MIDI to Make an iPad More Musically Connected, Productive: Video, Resources 
 This Is Your Massive Snowstorm, America 
 Internet Piracy Boosts Anime Sales, Study Concludes 
 Like a good trainer, Nature is making the snow heavier each time. And I hate her for it.
 Free Lonely Planet US travel guides 
 Louis Armstrong and Frank Sinatra Sing Death Metal 
 You might not want to stand just outside the Kendall Red Line station 
 If I think of the snow as Mr. Miyagi and shoveling as my wax-on-wax-off, then I can kinda deal with it.
 Celtics beat Lakers 109-96 in NBA finals rematch 
 EFF: FBI may have committed more than 40K intelligence violations since 9/11 
 A BSG colonies star map? So say we all! 
 Several hours and tons of snow later, the job is done.  
 Got my work cut out for me. 
 RIP Charlie Louvin. My favorite Louvin Brothers song: Katie Dear 
 Hey Jude flowchart 
 Is This Guy Bloody Crazy Nuts or What? [Video] 
 Way too soon!  
  sounds like a good idea to me!
  just barely. Gonna be sore tomorrow!
 Pakku rotundus by ~Kalapusa  (WakaWakaWakaBloop)
 Several hours later, the car is dug out. Thanks to the help of good neighbors. I'm completely spent.
  it still shows up in my twitter iPhone app. That's strange. But I miss your teasing so I'm glad I caught it. ;)
 More snow. Ugh. My car is still buried behind several feet of a snow plowed barricade.
  I'll watch your feed for your reaction. And don't hold anything against me! ;)
  yeah. I liked it. I thought it was really well done. But I didn't laugh once. So the comedy category is totally lost on me.
 I'm still trying to figure out how anyone in their right mind could call "The Kids Are Alright" a comedy.
  "Kurt," darling! "Kurt!" ;) but I'm so over Glee. They lost me pretty fast.
 Recap: Pierce, KG seal Celtics win over Magic 
 Just lost power. Transformer needs work from snowpocalypse. Mandatory work break.
 Just finished Sons of Anarchy season 3 finale. Hot damn! That was awesome!
 Musical notes from the underground 
 ROTFLMAO Part II 
 ROTFLMAO 
 Back up your data, people! WTF?! 
 The ScoutMob sign-up thank you page is hilarious! 
 OMG! (OMGuitar for iPad) 
 Get Spotify For Free In North America In 5 Steps 
 Got my work cut out for me. 
 WolframAlpha launched a music theory app: 
  can you even see me through all this snow?! It's crazy out there.
 The Late Movies: Happy Birthday, Clarence Clemons! 
 The mathematics of beauty: 
  lol Giggling would be a great gig! :)
  Not bad at all. Keeping me busy. :)
 Gigging. Sunday jazz brunch. ( Tavolino) 
 Gigging. ( River Rock Grill) 
 HTML5 Guitar Tab Player with the Firefox 4 Audio Data API 
 rated Are You Experienced by The Jimi Hendrix Experience 5 stars  
   Guess I need to start drinking more.
 Zombie stationery 
 Just figured out how to use Facebook with a feed reader. Now I might actually catch people's updates.
 Moody's Mood For Love 
 So annoying when people don't use BCC when mass emailing. Now I'm getting tons of spam from all the bots on this joker's list. Fool.
 In defense of RSS 
 I'm at Green Dragon Tavern (11 Marshall St, Boston) 
 I just checked in at Mike's Pastry on  and earned the Rookie badge! 
 R.I.P. Billy Taylor 
 Jazz Pianist And Educator Billy Taylor Dies At 89 
 In Memoriam: Musicians We Lost In 2010 
  I figured it out. It just required a router reboot. Thanks for your support.
  Sites were definitely not down but I'm still unable to access  or ftp
 Gigging. ( The Fireplace w/ 2 others) 
 Even Rackspace is down today. Maybe they were hosting a wikileak doc.
 Captain Beefheart's 10 Commandments of Guitar Playing: 
 It is done. Adieu, Quicksilver. 
 George Carlin on The American Dream 
 Fuzz.Bender distortion box project 
 5 things you can do to save Fringe right now [Save This Show] 
 Google Reader is not compatible with YouTube HTML5. Videos in reader auto-start and renders my key commands useless. It's a drag.
 How-To: Suitcase drumset 
 Shaq to conduct Boston Pops 
 likes Groovin' by The Young Rascals on Ping  
 likes Younger Than Yesterday by The Byrds on Ping  
 likes Francis Albert Sinatra & Antonio Carlos Jobim by Antonio Carlos Jobim & Frank Sinatra on Ping  
 Behind the music: Why are musicians more likely to suffer from depression? 
 First snow of the year. But global warming isn't real. Neither is evolution. (I'm cranky)
  So far so good. It's quite a tome.
 likes A Christmas Gift for You from Phil Spector by Various Artists on Ping  
  thanks. Yeah, it sucks. Maybe there's a tip in the 4 Hour Body for me. Just got it the book.
  no. I think I'm on virus  My immune system has given up this season.
 likes The Velvet Underground / Nico (Deluxe Edition) by The Velvet Underground on Ping  
 likes The Who Sell Out (Remastered) by The Who on Ping  
 likes Safe As Milk by Captain Beefheart & His Magic Band on Ping  
 R.I.P. Captain Beefheart 
 Been fighting a cold since Thanksgiving and the flu all week. I had to give up Prince tickets this week because of it. Being sick sucks.
  Totally weak. Rent a children's movie sometime. Those discs are nasty!
 Remembering James Moody's Humble Gift For Music 
 R.I.P. James Moody 
 I wish Netflix would stop sending me DVDs that were trampled in the Running of the Bulls.
 rated The Beatles 1967–1970 (The Blue Album) by The Beatles 5 stars  
 likes The Beatles 1967–1970 (The Blue Album) by The Beatles on Ping  
 Nice! A Tascam Portastudio on the iPad: 
 Cats Wearing Sweaters. That is All. 
 likes Crossroads (Live) by Cream on Ping  
 Instruments  
 The Gunslinger Guide to Miles Davis  
 I think Cavs fans should just cheer for LBJ tonight. It would be so obviously sarcastic.
 How Our ‘Security’ Obsession Costs Us 
 NPR Music's 50 Favorite Albums Of 2010 : NPR 
 Last.fm Best of 2010 is here! 
 likes Triangle by The Beau Brummels on Ping  
 Guitaryst — Play along without leaving your guitar. 
 likes Da Capo by Love on Ping  
 Google Translate Beatboxing 
 Michael Jordan advises LeBron James 
 Leslie Nielsen, RIP 
 "It Gets Better" — Love, Pixar 
 Hand-crafted pirate guitar comes wIth built-in rum flask 
 Adam Savage Mythbusting Airport Security: "WTF TSA?" [Video] 
 iOS 4.2 Update Wipe Out Your iPhone Music? Try This. 
 Worth reading: TSA Backscatter X-ray Backlash 
 Harvard vs Yale ( Harvard Stadium w/ 56 others) 
 Exclusive: Bruce Springsteen to Perform With The Roots 
 You will never forget this day, even if you live a thousand years 
 ...Everyone in their right mind would buy it. They'd probably make more than offering it at $150. It's a unique situation. It's The Beatles.
 The entire Beatles iTunes catalog should cost $10 since we've all purchased the albums before. Probably several times by now. Plus...
 rated an album 5 stars  
 Who Will Stand Up to the Superrich? - 
 Shaq: No [expletive] layups 
 Rajon Rondo’s Chris Bosh poster 
  You bet! Really good songwriting there. I was impressed.
 rated an album 5 stars  
 likes Chelsea Girl by Nico on Ping  
 The Late Movies: Best of The West Wing 
 Bosh gets Rondo'd - via jose3030 
  haha. I might invoice them too!
 Celtics FTW
 That's a beautiful sunset. But dude, it's 4:30! WTF 
 90 Days With AIDS 
 Steve Martin: Atheists Don't Have No Songs 
  Absolutely. I've seen the entire series several times now. :)
 nods my head: 
 Cleveland to LeBron: you should shove it 
  haha. I'll take any X-Files I can get. Even bad X-Files.
 David Duchovny confirms that X-Files 3 script is in the works [BreakingNews] 
 I feel a Big Star marathon coming on: 
 Twitter's going to ruin a lot of politicians. I'm okay with that.
  haha.
 Sure, Twitter. I'll log in again. I enjoy logging in every time I go to the site. :/
  Hmm. Don't know of specific titles but I'm sure an Amazon search will.
  Currently cursing the weather! But I've cursed js several times in the past month! Wish I wrap my head around that one!
  What's happening man!
 Pro Tools just put everyone on notice.
 ★ Going Flash-Free on Mac OS X, and How to Cheat When You Need It 
 Just learned that alt+any of the sound keys (F10,F11,F12 on my keyboard) are shortcuts to the Sound pane of System Prefs. Sweet. 
  lol x2
  d'oh!
 I mean, what could possibly go wrong by electing reality tv stars to office?
 Send your best wishes to James Moody, who is battling cancer 
 Nice. 
 Why there is no white iPhone 
 How often does a company lower prices?! Amazon rocks. I say this as I'm backing up 50+GB to Amazon S3.
  Thanks. Sounds cool but not sure I have the time to contribute. DM me with details sometime this week. Cheers.
 A night of high spirits 
 Celtics have a Happy Halloween 
 I'm at Halloween Carnival w/ 2 others. 
 I'm at Halloween Carnival. 
 I'm at Pickering Wharf (23 Congress Street, Derby Street, Salem). 
 Woohoo! It's  birthday!!!
 God hates figs 
 DIM SUM! ( China Pearl Restaurant) 
 Exclusive Excerpt: The Science of Battlestar Galactica 
 Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear app now available 
 I'm at Samantha's Costumes (Salem). 
 The machine uprising is closer than we think: 
  I shouldn't have said anything.
  Yeah. Really too bad. I hear there's another prequel in the works. Fingers crossed.
 Caprica has been ripped from our bleeding fingers [Rip] 
 Salem is never short on spooky this time of year. It's downright ominous.
 We should just let the Cavs beat us tonight. That would really piss off the Heat. 
 Rondo to Shaq FastBreak - 2010 NBA Season Opener 
 That's what I'm talking about! I believe that win was partly dedicated to Cleveland. 
 Shaq making free throws?! Go Celtics!
 Boston's warming up! Live at courtside: 
 Keith Emerson Recovering From Surgery 
 40 wild birds play a Les Paul. 
 Piracy Can Boost Book Sales Tremendously 
 Just ‘Cuz 
  Dude. You can say that again.
  Big time! :D
 The last mystery of the blues: were Robert Johnson's recordings sped up? 
 Friday is clean your keyboard, mouse, trackpad, and mobile devices day.
 Peter Jackson announces The Hobbit's cast, including Martin Freeman as Bilbo! [Hobbit] 
  That's so awesome! One day, we'll rock out!
  I hear that! An SG is definitely on my wish list.
 I'm never using 99 Designs again. Crowdsourcing sucks.
