  Please  suggest all your Teen Friends, POOL has put together a great safe place in Mesa, AZ for teens 14-18 to gather
  POOL is Rolling out the RED Carpet for A New Year's Party! You are invited! See you there!
  Thanks! We hope you have a great week too ;)
 POOL together on  Best cupcakes in the valley.  Sugar Sweet Mamas inside POOL are the freshest, most unique sw... 
  Have a Great Week!
 Looking for something to do today? Stop by have coffee, get your rings cleaned for free, eat a cupcake... and browse lots of great things!
 Right Now The Debut of our Farmer's Market... Come on down and see us! Also featuring Senior Day! 
 Desert Rose Theater presents Christmas 1943!  
  Bringing Communities together :)
 Dec 9th Farmer's Market Debut! 11am-4pm Don't miss out!
  YOU ARE INVITED! Stop by and enjoy our Farmer's Market Every Thursday!
 INTRODUCING OUR FARMER'S MARKET! Just as You Expected...Our Groundbreaking Will Involve Some Dirt and A Shovel. JOIN US THURSDAY, DEC 9TH
 RT  Looking for a great Farmer's Market? If you are out and about in the Mesa, AZ area... stop by :) 
 Unwind together.  Come on down to Main and Stapley today.  Free tacos, massage and manicures.  Tailgate, sweets, treats and more!
 Unwind together.  Need a respite from the crowds at the mall?  Free massages and manicures at POOL.  Fresh fare, sweets and live music.
 Support Women in Sports Scholarship Association – Fashion show and fund raising event at POOL this Saturday 
 Free gifts and raffles at POOL.  Corner of Main and Stapley in Mesa.  Bring your costumed kids down.
 Families and friends, come down to POOL Saturday and Sunday for free hot dogs, halloween treats and fun!  Catch a play while you're there.
 Want to start your holiday shopping early? Bring a photo to  & he will engrave it on glass, a mirror, even an ostrich egg!
 RT  Cupcake flavors for FRI/SAT: lemon, pumpkin, snickerdoodle, vanilla bean, red velvet, almond joy, carrot bars & MORE!
 RT  City Hall at the Mall, Superstition Springs Cntr, 10/30, 10-2 Learn abt  & get some treats 
 This would be great for an afternoon pick-me-up!! RT  Perfect Americano. Come get one.  
 So Cute! Boutique is having a Halloween sale Fri. Sat. & Sun. All summer clothing is on clearance & select jeans only $19
 Great tool RT   Have you calculated how many jobs you can create in AZ by shifting 10% to locals? 
 Want to catch the classics in 3D? Desert Rose Theatre continues "Shakespeare in Shorts" this weekend 
 Saw this picture. Now CRAVING a Toffee Caramel Apple from  
  Josh with  is usually pretty quick with Twitter. I'm sure he is up to the challenge :)
 Did you know  has an Etsy shop? Check out their one-of-a-kind onesies & kids clothing 
 Have any weekend plans? There are lots of things going on at POOL - even arts & crafts for the kids! Stop by & check it out
 Sounds very rich! RT  Come check out the Customer Drink of the Day Its a Pumpkin Spice Velvet. It is tasty.
 Fun stuff as usual! RT  Looking for something to do this weekend? Mesa has a variety of events year-round! 
 Do you follow  's Small Business Insider blog?? We do! Great info from local reporters 
 Tonight is industry night at Desert Rose Theatre. Any actor w/ a headshot & resume gets in to the show for only $5 
 FYI- So Cute! Boutique is having a sale at the POOL location on Fri & Sat. Plus a coupon for 20% off 
 The clothing, jewelry & handbags at So Cute! Boutique (in POOL) have been getting rave reviews. Have you checked it out yet?
 Great idea! RT  Its not Halloween yet but you can still come down to POOL this weekend and get a treat at Sugar Mama's Sweets!
  Right now Josepi's is open Thurs-Sat from 10am to 6pm inside POOL
 We are craving hot dogs from Josepi's. Maybe the Chicago Dog or the Bacon Blue?? What is your fave from Josepi's? 
 YUM!! RT  Twitter Tuesday special. Happy hour until 11am - 1/2 priced drinks. excluding energy drinks. 10/19 Only
 Mesa is joining the push to buy local 
 Uh oh did you forget Boss's day (Oct. 16)? Beautiful bouquets from Aspen Renee Studios are a great belated gift 
 Been to Desert Rose Theatre's Facebook page? They are giving away free tix if you can answer Shakespeare trivia 
 So much to do!! RT  Looking for something to do this weekend? Mesa has a variety of events year-round!  
 Today's drink of the day at Krize Bistro: The Horchata Latte- amazing espresso shakin' w/ homemade horchata & ice
 Great article from  about Desert Rose Theatre's return to the stage at POOL this weekend 
 Attention farmers: Looking for FREE space to sell your goods? Come to the Farmers Market every Thurs from 10a-2p 
 RT   - Don't miss out on  and the early registration discount - learn more at 
 Great tool RT  How many jobs could you create if you shifted 10% more of your spending to locals? 
 Need some inspiration for your new business? Check out  the start-up stories from  
 Coach a little league team? Teach an art class? Create personalized awards or gifts w/ help from  inside POOL
  Hope you got lots of work finished :)
 Have you decorated for Halloween yet? Many POOL merchants have Halloween decor, accessories, treats & apparel. Stop by & check it out!
 So many great things going on in  RT  Mesa Old West Days coming November 20-21 
 Want to win free dessert? Who doesn't?! Enter  Facebook contest now to win a $25 gift certificate 
  Good luck on your new venture. It will be great to have you working from POOL!
 Our favorite hour of the day! RT  Krize Bistro Happy HOUR 6pm - 7pm half price drinks this friday & saturday 10/8 to 10/9
 Make sure to check out Desert Rose Theatre at POOL RT   Try shifting your entertainment budget to see local theatre
 Cute (and delicious) ideas for wedding or baby shower favors from   
 Want a sneak peak of Desert Rose Theatre's next production?? 
 Looking for high-quality lotion w/ Vitamin E?  debuts Natural Soybean Lotion today. Many fragrances & sizes available
 Such an honor! RT  So cool!  in Mesa named "Best Retail Vision 2010" by 
 Thx for your support! RT   is such a great concept. I hope more communities will follow this format...
 Looks like Sugar Mama's Sweets has joined Twitter too! Follow  for the latest dessert digest from POOL's very own cupcake shop.
 Another POOL merchants has joined Twitter. Welcome  ! We love their custom, re-purposed children's clothing.
 Scary! RT  Got Ghosts? Mesa does! Don’t Miss the Annual Ghost Walk & Historical Tour of Downtown Mesa 
 Need a  venue to host your next conference, meet-up or competition? Check out POOL- free wi-fi, open space w/ seating & many merchants
 Love their scented candles! RT  Holidays are coming up.  What aroma will you be putting in your memories?
 Sounds busy RT  Today has been active. We've had a MLM meeting, freelance writer & a photographer enjoying fresh roasted coffee
 RT  Check out the new pocket guide to the desert- a must for any AZ visitor w/ a pull-out adventure map! 
 Welcome October! Can't wait to try  's holiday inspired drinks: peppermint mochas, hot apple ciders, egg nog lattes & more!
 Town Hall Meeting at POOL on Sat. Oct 2  2pm. Topic: The effect foreclosures have on our community w/ Lawyers David Brown & Bryan Memmott
 Glad you could stop by! RT  Just visited new POOL Community Market in Mesa. Look for Grand Opening on 10/23
 Don't forget: POOL Farmers Market today from 10am-2pm. Awesome vendors & yummy finds all inside POOL!
 RT  East Valley Business Expo- the largest B2B mixer in the E Valley! Oct 6  
 RT  Happy National Coffee Day! In celebration  will offer a Buy 1 get 1 50% off. (9/29 only. Monsters not included)
 Missed Car POOL last week? Check out the great photos from  
 Love these specials! RT   Twitter Tuesday: Buy 1 get 1 50% off equal or lesser value (9/28 only, excludes monsters)
 Attention singers/actors/performers: Auditions for Desert Rose Theatre's "Christmas 1943" are Sat. Oct. 2 at POOL 
 So true RT  Packed w/excitement, Mesa offers visitors explosion of educational, cultural & outdoor attractions 
 RT  Hello everyone, Happy Monday! Don't forget about our Coffee of the month Program. Contact us for more details 
 Congrats to  for winning prestigious education grant! 
 Skip happy hour. Instead, meet your friends at Car POOL. 200+ cars, tons of vendors, live music & dancing!
 Thanks for stopping by! RT  Stopped by  My Daddy's Shirt & So Cute Boutique are the best. Wish I had spare cash.
 Lots of local merchants at POOL RT  Boost AZ economy w/simple actions-not spending more, just a  
 About 5 hours until Car POOL. Glad you can join us! RT  Big day today! Going to  this afternoon for their carshow.
 Exciting RT  We are launching our  campaign TODAY! Calculate your personal economic impact: 
 Attention ladies! Girls Night Out is today from 6:30-8:30 inside POOL. Stop by for goody bags, yummy treats & a chance to win FREE jeans
 Need space to host your next meeting or friendly gathering? Check out POOL! With multiple vendors & open spaces, its a perfect place to meet
 See you there! RT  Custom Car Show on Friday and Saturday at  in Mesa 
 It is officially Fall! Stop by POOL & check out all of the Fall decor & accessories our merchants have to offer
 RT  Join our “Make it Mesa” club to receive monthly updates and the latest news 
 Great deal! RT  10% off this weekend during the Car POOL Custom Car Show, come on by
 Thx RT  Folks I invoked during my  talk      + 
 Get your motor running! RT  Everybody check out the Car Pool Custom car show  this wknd, Fri & Sat from 4-11
 So great! RT  Launching new site soon for  -you can calculate prsnl impact if you shift 10% of spending to locals
 Thanks  for spreading the word about this week's fabulous events at POOL  & 
 Just in time for Fall, So Cute! Boutique is giving away a pair of jeans every 20 mins at Girls Night Out on Thurs. 
 Need a Girls Night Out? Come to So Cute! Boutique & Sugar Mama's Sweets Thurs. 6:30-8:30 for desserts, mini-manicures & denim giveaways
 Need more info about Car POOL (our 1st custom car show)? It is Fri & Sat from 4p-11p w/200+ cars & live music 
 RT  We have great new fragrances! Come down to  and dazzle your senses!
 Did you see the article about Desert Rose Theatre's debut at POOL in the EVTrib? 
 Just 1 week until Car POOL. 200+ custom cars plus live music & fun for the whole family. Sept. 24 & 25 from 4-11pm
 Need to get away from your desk, but still have tons of work to do? Come on down to POOL. Free wifi & lots of work space near downtown 
 What a great way to start wknd RT   Happy Hour Every Fri & Sat from 6-7p. 1/2 price drinks (Monsters not included)
  Thx for the feedback. We are working to grow the market & hope to have more vendors after our grand opening celebration in Oct.
 So Cute! Boutique (in POOL) sells chic denim, handbags & jewelry. See their merchandise this wknd at the AZ Women's Expo booths 731-733
 RT  Farmers Market still going  check it out & stop by  for fresh coffee & various peanut brittles
 RT  Need a lift?  Whether it be taxis, shuttles, buses or the light rail, Mesa has what you need. 
 POOL's weekly farmers market returns tomorrow from 10a-2p. Perfect to get out of the office & grab a bite for lunch! Will you be there?
 Coming to the Car POOL? POOL's 1st custom car show will be Sept. 24 & 25 from 4p to 11p. Tons of prizes & fun for the whole family!
 Yum. Love pastries & coffee RT  Good Morning everyone come get your morning coffee. We've got pastries some 50% off
 Excellent resource for small biz owners: How To Deliver Great Customer Service  via 
 Need a gift for a lil lady? Inspirations by Selah creates intricately decorated accessories for girls of all ages w/  fashionable flair
 Great deal RT  Get through your week w/ a smile on your face, provided by UnderCover! 30% off any item if you mention this ad
 RT  Join our “Make it Mesa” club to receive monthly updates and the latest news 
 Can't wait to see RT  UnderCover introduces 1st HANDMADE Hat! Come in to see the Ella Hat. More original styles coming soon
 Welcome! RT  Welcome to Ron's Inspirations Twitter page lots of updates & pics coming soon! We are in Mesa 
 Great advice RT  Shifting 10% of your spending from chains 2 locals generates more tax rev. & recirculation in local economy
 Just heard that everything is 20% off today at Desert Valley Gifts. Perfect place to shop for housewarming gifts, birthday presents & more
 Great way to start the wknd RT  Good afternoon, Facebook Fridays deal for  25% off any Espresso Beverage (9/10)
 RT  Its Fedora Fri. Wow Deja vu! Didn't we do this yesterday? Yes we did! Fedora Friday cont.15% off all Fedora's!
 Sounds like fun RT  Mesa Arts Center season kick-off party tomorrow, September 10 from 6-10pm 
 Lots of news from  New pin pad for debit card purchases, great Halloween hat ideas, & 15% off fedoras today
 Lunch time! Try Josepi's Hot Dogs inside POOL, open Thurs - Sun, for gourmet dogs & brats w/ all the fixings
 Don't forget... the Farmers Market returns to POOL tomorrow from 10a-2p. Fresh produce gourmet foods & more
 Free Biz Event: Mesa Assoc. of Hispanic Citizens & East Valley Hispanic Biz Alliance hosting symposium Sept. 16-17 
 In case you missed it.... POOL was recently featured on Ch.12  Check out the video!
 Need an afternoon pick-up? RT  Twitter Tuesday: Mention this tweet & get $1off any espresso drink or $.50 off reg tea/coffee
 Just heard Desert Rose Theatre started rehearsals for the Fall show! Mark your calendars for Shakespeare in Shorts Oct. 21 thru Nov. 6
  Our faves:        
 Yum! RT  Facebook Fridays:   Buy any Espresso Beverage & get 10% off any pastry. (9/3 only) Tell your friends
 Attention new & future entrepreneurs! Check out these 10 mistakes to avoid via  
 Today is Thursday- you know what that means! Farmers Market  POOL from 10a-2p. See you there for fresh produce & gourmet foods
 Labor Day sale starts today  My Daddy's Shirt (in POOL). 25% off up-cycled Summer fashions for kids: sun dresses, shorts, halters, tanks
 Fun! RT  Motorcycles on Main in  Fri. 9/3, 6-10p. Bands, Vendors, Beer Gardens. See you there! 
 Great deal! RT  UnderCover's word of the day is SUNSHINE- mention this & take 50% off any item in our shop! Wednesday only!!!
 Stuck at a desk all day? Why not get on your feet w/ a Zumba class from Dance Attitude. Stop by their space in POOL for the class schedule
 POOL Merchant Contest winner, I Dream of Donuts, has a FB page! Check it out for the latest donut digest! 
 RT   Hydration Donation campaign extended to mid-Sept. More than 98,000 bottles collected so far!  
 Decorative Expressions just added photos to its FB page. We love the new ceiling design 
 Want to spice up your look? Thee Boutique (inside POOL) carries high-end costume jewelry, accessories & handbags
 Have you voted in the  Great Food Truck Race? Show some local love & support  
   The Farmers' Mkt is open every Thurs. from 10a-2p. Vendors change each week but generally include produce & homemade goods
 Need a gift? Engraved gifts are personal & memorable. Ron's Inspirations (in POOL) specializes in engraving glass, crystal, metals & granite
 Happy Friday!  No plans this weekend? Stop by POOL & support our amazing local merchants  
 RT  FFFFFFFFFedora Friday! 15% off all Fedora's!! We just got in a few from ChaCha's House of Ill Repute! Try them on today!
  Glad you stopped by. We are working to bring in more vendors each week!
 Need to get out of the office? Check out POOL on your lunch break. Farmers Market is open until 2p! Many great, local vendors
 POOL might open at 10am, but don't forget that you can get coffee from  at 7am Mon-Sat
 Good plan RT  Farmers market  today come down, check out the unique items & grab a cup of coffee from 
 What a deal! RT  Pssst ... word of the day at UnderCover Hat Shop is SHADY!  Mention today for $10 off a $50 purchase!
 RT  Mayor Smith invites you to a "Conversation with the Community" Aug. 31, 6 p Hawthorne Elem. multipurpose rm 630 N. Hunt
 Have jars laying around?  will trade any jar for $1 off candle of equal size or trade 12 jars for free 8 oz. soybean candle
  I know you have been perfecting your latte art. Saw this competition and thought you might be interested 
 Want to know where your food is from?  Buy local at the POOL Farmers Market - every Thurs. from 10a to 2p
 Love the compliment! RT  Seriously,  is the best thing to hit  since, I don't know, The orig. Nile?
 Thx! RT   is one of the most imaginative projects I've seen in  Reimagining big box... 
 Just heard  is introducing new phone/email ordering & will be delivering.  Exciting! Stay tuned for more info!
 Sounds fun! RT  Mesa Old West Days coming this November 20 & 21  more info  
 In Mesa right now? Looking for something to do? Get out of the heat at POOL & try a FREE martial arts class at 4:30p TODAY!
 We love all of the Mesa recognition! RT  We're not just a Playful City USA- Mesa is a Tree City USA too 
  Thx for the support. We will keep you updated on our progress. Make sure to check us out next time you are in the area.
 Good luck! We'll vote for you! RT  Just got this from  -voting starts on 29th 
  Thanks for stopping by! More merchants opening in Sept. & Oct. We'll keep you updated w/ info about grand opening in Oct.
  Thanks so much for stopping by this weekend!
 RT  monday monday monday.... the best way to start your week is w/ a cup of fresh roasted coffee  's E Main St Cafe
 DYK My Daddy's Shirt (inside POOL) sells onesies? Cute upcycled clothes for babies! Check the FB page to see photos 
 Grt advice RT   this wknd - check out a farmers market, eat  local indep. restaurant & support local food producers
  Some of our amazing merchants     
 RT  The City of Mesa Halloween Adult & Youth Sprint Triathlon & Duathlon | Mesa | Sun, Oct31  7AM 
 POOL's Farmers Market debuts today 10a-2p. Stop by for homemade products, check out our merchants & grab a coffee 
 Great Harvest Bread Co, DD's Desert Delights & Pickled Perfection are confirmed for tomorrow's market! See you there 10a-2p
 Informative article via  about landing clients w/ small marketing budget. Perfect for new biz owners 
  Not sure if this is what you are looking for, but try A&M Graphics 
 Sounds delicious! RT  Try our Horchata Latte. Mention this tweet 8/18 for a special discount on Horchata Latte 
 Farmer's Mkt Preview: Chick-a-Bee Gardens, Doctor Hummus, Hallie's Apple Butter & Crazy Cajun Spice Co. will be there. Will you?
 RT  If you didn't get the Twitter Tuesday special here it is: 8/17/10 mention this tweet for Lg Drinks for the price of a small
 Looking for fresh produce from local farmers? POOL will be hosting a Farmers Mkt every Thursday from 10a-2p. Stop by & support local biz
 Ever wonder how George with Great Embroidery (located in POOL) works his magic? See a video here: 
 RT  Win Cubs tickets, golf passes & more at BEAT THE HEAT networking event on 8/17 at  Convention 
 RT  Double dose of great news for Mesa: Feds approve light rail ext through DT & DoD approves sale of Boeing Apache helicopters
 Helpful Ideas via  for attracting talent to your start-up biz 
 RT  If you love 100% Soy Candles, we sell them wholesale w/ private labeling  choose scent, color, size
 FREE martial arts class at 4:30pm today inside POOL.  Fun for adults & kids (5 and up) Check it out!  
 Advance tickets now available for Desert Rose Theatre's production of "The Rivals"  See it Fri. or Sat. night
 Happy  to some of our loyal fans    
 Decorative Expressions has been working on some beautiful projects. Check out their Facebook page to see photos 
 Our favorite day of the week! RT  Friday again? Remember to come down to UnderCover for Fedora Friday! 15% off all Fedoras!
 RT  A lot to do in  this wkend! 2nd Fri Night event  new Dog Park  
 Need a job? Have barista/ cash register experience?  Talk to Josh with 
 RT  We just lowered regular price on many kids hats! That means they are close to 1/2 off if you use the 20% Twitter discount
 Need a night out? Come see "The Rivals" at POOL on Fri. Aug. 20th or Sat. Aug. 21st at 7:30pm. $10 donation gets you in!
 Stop by My Daddy's Shirt in Aug. & bring a shirt to be recycled to receive $3 off your purchase - even custom items!
 Perfect for a mid-week pick up RT  Another caffeine filled day E Main St Cafe. Stop by for a refreshing Iced coffee
 We are so excited for Sugar Mama Sweets to open in Sept! RT  Check out our new location!  POOL in Mesa AZ.
 Glad you stopped by! Thx for the post RT  Arizona's  Reimagines a Big Box for Small Biz: 
 RT  If you are bored at home, come join us at  have a cup of coffee  try on a hat 
 RT  Planning to join us for Grow Your Business today? Buca di Beppo- 11:30a Bring your business cards for Go Fish Networking!
 RT  Daily Tip: A chalkboard is great for jotting notes & for kids to draw. An easy & inexpensive.. 
 RT  Yum. Fresh fruit, coffee cake, monsters, & redbulls  Come on down & try our flavored redbulls they're awesome
 DYK UnderCover Hat Boutique had a sale over the weekend? Don't miss out next time! Follow  for the latest deals.
 Need a gift? From perfumes to scented oils, the pros at Maria’s Fragrances & Oils (opening in POOL) create scents w/ natural ingredients
 RT  Decorating fact for the day: To distress wooden furniture, 1st paint it a light color. When dry... 
 Great info RT  School starts in  this week.  Here are some tips to keep our kids safe.  
 RT  When you buy a candle what is the most important feature? Size? color? Scent? packaging? wax type? 
 RT  Another fun filled wknd planned for   chat, watch tv, relax, read & enjoy fresh coffee, tea
 Perfect to end the wk! RT  Come in for lite breakfast. Bagels, crm cheese & coffee.  Also have coffee cake & 1/2 price brownies
 RT  Aug13-14 is Dog wkend in   8/13-new dog park opens & 8/14 Dog Days of Summer 6-10pm. 
 Thx for posting! RT   gets some more press.   
 Man in your life looking scruffy?  Manny's Barber Shop will open in POOL this Fall. Enjoy a latte or shop while your man gets a shave!
 Need to get out of the heat? Take a stroll around POOL!  We have lots of unique merchants... & air conditioning!
 RT  Top Story: Companies Pool Together to Form Market: Jayme King is in Mesa at a place where business... 
 In case you missed it, here is our segment with  Thanks Jayme for checking out POOL today! 
 We are on FOX 10 now!
  Yes! They are awesome! Thanks for coming out & sharing the photos!
 Jayme with FOX10 is on his way. Stop by and check it out or make sure to tune in!
 Thanks to  for stopping by this morning. Great to meet more people supporting the Mesa community!
 FOX10 will be here during the 9am hour. Come on over & check it out! 
 RT  Today is hump day? Put a smile on your face with a hat from UC! We are offering 25% off one item if you mention this add!
 Don't forget! FOX 10. Tomorrow. 7a-9a. At POOL!  Be there (or tune in & watch)!
  They are delish! We hear they have some fabulous breakfast and dessert empanadas in the works. We will keep you updated!
  So glad you are stopping by!  Ch.10 will be out there tomorrow morning so it will be great to have some supporters there!
 Delicious! RT  August is National Peach Month. Find farm fresh peaches at Arizona markets. 
 RT  Baseball is the theme for the  Beat the Heat networking event  Aug 17 
 Ch.10 will be at POOL tomorrow from 7-9am. Come out to support POOL & if you can't make it, be sure to watch on tv!
 We love the stuff at  RT   Got a cool new hat from UnderCover Hat Shop 
 Glad you enjoyed POOL. We are happy to be in Mesa! RT  Visited  and it has a lot of potential. Glad it's in Mesa.
 Thx for sharing! RT   Story: Former Mesa Mervyn's store gets new life   Rocks!
 Need to get out of the heat? Huge martial arts competition tomorrow at POOL. Stop by to see demos & bring bottles of H20 for donation drive
  Thx for posting the great pics! So glad you could stop by for our soft opening.
 Haven't stopped by yet? Bring the kids for face painting, caricatures, balloon animals, magic - and of course, shopping!
 Tried the "Papa K" from   So fabulous!   Also loved  B&W iced mocha
  has arrived! 
  You could always try to stop by on your lunch break :) Or try to check it out this weekend!
 RT  Today from 10-2 we will be  's grand opening - main & stapely,Mesa. Stop by to see Arizona's 1st colla ...
 Less than 2 hours left! See you at 10am for the opening of POOL. Lots to see & do & entertainment for the whole family!
 Tomorrow is the day! Will you be there at 10am to check out POOL's 40+ merchants?
 Thx! RT  A must  stop is  a repurposed big box store w/ indy biz under 1 roof 
 Looking for something to do on Friday? Bring the family to POOL for food, fun & entertainment.  See you at 10am!
  The opening is actually on Friday :) Make sure to stop by & thx for your support!
  Thanks!  Make sure to stop in on Friday at 10am!  Tons of fun things going on!
 Thx for sharing!  Can't wait for Friday! RT  Check it out Everyone! This is a great article. 
 DYK July is national hot dog month? Good thing Josepi's will serve hot dogs & gourmet popcorn at its walk-up diner in POOL (see it on 7/30)
 So great for people who want to shop local RT  What's in season in AZ right now?  Here's a handy guide. 
 Thx! RT   who new that old Mervyn's building had so much potential~kudos for the desire to go above and beyond
 Thx for stopping by! RT  Videos of Sheepless Nation! 1st Stop Phx  Thx to  & 
 Glad you enjoyed! Josh brews amazing coffee RT  Love  get's the day going with a good cup of coffee
 Congratulations to I Dream of Donuts & welcome to POOL! The competition was FIERCE & thank you to the amazing entrepreneurs who entered!
 Drum roll please..... we are ready to announce the winner for POOL's merchant contest!
 Love this! RT  how coworking spaces help treps thrive thru shared support (check out the cool video) 
  Thanks for the support!  We loved the  article, too!
 Will YOU be there for our opening on 7/30? RT  POOL: All-New Mesa Marketplace 
   You're welcome! Can't wait for the community to stop by on 7/30 for our opening!
 Missed POOL CEO Brad Weinstock on  yesterday? No worries! Watch it here: 
 Did you see yesterday's  ?  If not, check out the great story about POOL here 
  Thanks for stopping by - we are making a lot of progress and can't wait to showcase our 38 amazing merchants at our opening on 7/30
  Sounds great! We are gearing up for our 7/30 opening and would love to show you our progress!
  Thanks for your support!  We are opening on 7/30 at 10am so make sure to check it out- 38 merchants will be open for biz!
 Interested in martial arts? Want to see 250+ compete, plus demos & more? Stop by POOL on 7/31 for the Arizona State Championships
 Make sure to catch POOL CEO Brad Weinstock on  live at 10:30. They will be discussing POOL's opening on 7/30
 POOL CEO Brad Weinstock will be LIVE on  tomorrow at 10:30am to talk about POOL's opening.  Don't miss it!
 Exciting news! POOL will open its doors on 7/30 at 10am for a soft opening. Stop in & visit all 38 merchants!
 Looking for a way to beat the heat? POOL is hosting the AZ Youn Wha Ryu State Championships on 7/31. Details: 
 Great idea! RT  Hold your business meetings  's E Main St. Cafe its a perfect place for great coffee & free WiFi
 Thx! RT  Looking for a great opportunity to grow your business?  has the best solution... follow and find out!
 Want more info about POOL? Our merchants are sharing information daily on POOL's Facebook page  
 Have you checked out  's blog?  We love the great, local info for the Mesa community 
 So many new things! Stop by to see the latest! RT  Hey everyone come in & see all the progress of   it's awesome.
 DYK POOL is donating a space to the Mesa PD to set up a substation within POOL? 
 Good luck! RT  Heading to another interview this morning for the  Summer Challenge!
 RT   Mayor Smith's Conversation with the Community - 1st one tommorrow 7/15  6pm 
 Love the great stuff  POOL RT  Everyone come in on this hot day for an iced coffee, iced tea or even a refreshing Italian Soda
 Know anyone that grows their own fresh   and rubs?? Tell them to bring their product to POOL! 
  We will share details about when the winner will be announced soon ;)
 Great article- would love to see an AZ winery open  POOL RT  New story about rise of Northern AZ Wines: 
 Interested in running a solo biz & bringing it to POOL? Check out this article from   
 Craving something different? How about empanadas! Gallo Pinto Empanadas is bringing the traditional Spanish dish to POOL!
  Don't forget there is free wi-fi at POOL and delicious coffee available from  with E Main St. Cafe
   Have you tried E Main St. Cafe inside POOL?  is great and roasts his own coffee beans!
 RT  Newly Added Items to our Store... Autumn decor & a sneak peak at Christmas! 20% OFF Savings!!! 
 Thanks! RT  Just heard about  - a community of local entrepreneurs and artists. Can't wait to go check them out.
 RT  don't forget to check in on foursquare when you stop by Krize Bistro's E Main St. Cafe to receive a special offer
 Check out the progress at POOL.  New doors will be finished this week - exciting!! 
  We definitely like it.  Very seasonal - especially in this 110+ heat!
 Wow we have almost 300 followers. Thanks to the community for believing in POOL's mission. Stay tuned for big news coming soon!
 Happy birthday to POOL co-founder Skyler Hynes!  Make sure to stop in & congratulate him on being a year older ;)
 Sounds delish! RT  Roastin' up a couple of lbs. of espresso So come get your favorite drink tomorrow inside POOL
 Great post on the half-yearly small biz check up by  
  Of course we can't play favorites, but we love all of those edible options!
 Looks like  has a lot of Twitter support in the contest. Tell us who you are voting for! 
 RT  Keep your $$ working in a local loop. Invest & Shop Locally. Keep your money in your community, working for your community
 Thx for sharing the photo RT   meeting with more EXCITING future tenants!!!  
 RT  Please vote for our pal Lynette! She wants to open a gallery! page three, entry  
 RT  PLEASE VOTE FOR ME!  Curio Gallery. 
 RT  Tell all your friends to vote for me for this tenant contest I'm  in the list. Thank You so Much 
 RT  We need your votes :) We are option  and would appreciate the help from our friends... Thanks 
 The biz owners who have entered POOL's merchant contest are rallying for your votes- vote now! 
 Wow that's alot! RT  Mesa: 50,000 people attended Celebration of Freedom 
 RT  It's time to register for Good Morning East Valley!  If you haven't already made your reservation 
 RT  Have you voted on  merchant contest?  Make someone's dream come true!
 Sounds like fun RT  AZ Celebration of Freedom Fri and Sat night in downtown Mesa. Food games concerts in cool Mesa Arts center.
 The voting has begun!  Vote for your favorite contestant now 
 You have one more hour to enter POOL's merchant contest!   You cold win a $15K pkg for your small biz
  Thanks for thinking of us here 
 Will be great to have some AZ produce  POOL RT  Did you know that Arizona has more than 15,000 farms & ranches across the state.?
 RT  Hey everybody help spread the word about  RT and tell your friends to RT as well thanks. Have a great day.
 Looking for 4th of July festivities in  Check out the Arizona Celebration of Freedom 
 Interesting article about zoning in downtown    The old Mervyn's mentioned is POOL :)
 Still need a name for your space  POOL? Here's another article about naming your biz via  
 Just two days left to enter POOL's merchant contest for a chance to win a pkg worth $15K.  Do it now! 
 It is hot! Probably a good time for iced coffee. Drop in to POOL & get an iced mocha from  w/ E Main St. Cafe
 Interested in what is happening in Mesa? City council plans to voted on key issues this week  
 Interesting article about importance of accounting in small biz (& great info for POOL merchants)  (via  )
  to some of yesterday's  attendees         & MORE!
 Broken watch? Need to replace a battery? Clock Repair Service Center (opening in POOL) will handle your antique & vintage timepieces w/ care
 Thx  &  for the support. Stop by often to see the progress & we will keep you updated about the grand opening
 Thx to     &  for spreading the word about POOL!
 Do you like cupcakes? We do! Can't wait to taste Butterfinger cupcakes from Sugar Mama's Sweets, opening in POOL in July
 Thx     for posting the great photos of   !
 Love this pic!  Anyone in the area: make sure to stop by and say hi! RT    
  There is still time!
 Re-do! Thinking about bringing your biz to POOL? Here is a great guide for naming your biz (via  )
 See you all tomorrow! RT   at  in the AM.   (RSVPs help our venue brace for impact)
 POOL is in the news again!  Check out this  story about our merchant contest! 
 DYK you can still enter the POOL merchant contest to win a biz pkg worth $15K? Deadline is July 1 
 We aim to please :)  RT   this Thurs 8-10a at  in Mesa? Cool, that means I can walk there!
 Thanks!  Have a great Tuesday! RT  ❀Terrifc❀Tuesday❀Tweeps❀   
 You WILL dig It! RT   this Thurs 8-10a at  in Mesa.    
 Be there! RT  Workshop this week regarding downtown Mesa & Main St Corridor.    
 Looking for professional music lessons in  Joe's Piano will be opening in POOL this summer for lessons & instrument sales.
 RT  Are you planning to join us for Women's Business Council this week?  Our speaker, Pamela Jett is... 
  Some faves:         
 RT   same time (8a-10a). yes,  has wifi :)
 We are so excited to have you at POOL! RT  starting class soon  POOL in Mesa....very exciting!
  It should be a great time!  Can't wait!
 We'll be there! RT  you coming to  next week at  in Mesa?  they'll be offering a twitter special
 Love that you're at POOL! RT  Am using  for the first time!  
 Are you staying cool?  You would be with a stylish hat from UnderCover Hat Shop & Boutique (opening in POOL this summer)! 
 Thx! RT   is a fantastic place to take your biz large or small, lots of great events & people to get to know
 RT  Was just introduced to the POOL together retail complex/community space idea. Interesting. 
 RT  Mesa Summer Challenge! How many activities can you do in  in July? You can win prizes too! 
 Auditions for Desert Rose Theatre will be  on Sat. 11a to 5p (must email for an appt) 
 Love it! Can't wait to meet everyone! RT   is on the road this month  in Mesa  support local biz
  Congrats on the new blog!  Can't wait to see more!
 Interested in sharing your vision for Mesa? Attend the Downtown Mesa & Main St Corridor Workshop 6.23 & 6.24 
 Biz owners: Want to make a BIG statement? Have your car wrapped by A&M Graphics (opening in POOL) 
 RT  Mesa's Mayor, Scott Smith talks about work-life balance. Part 1 of 3     
 Don't forget - the deadline for POOL's merchant contest is approaching fast!  Sign up now for a pkg worth $15K  
 Lots of local businesses at POOL! RT  5 ways to help make a difference in our local community  via 
 RT  Citywide Summer Values Help Make Low-Cost Summer Vacations Possible..Visit   for great Summer savings!!!
 Wonderful small biz story via  RT  America's Love Affair with Small Business 
 Do you have any ideas about what central Mesa should look like in the future? 
 RT  With the weather cooling off its a great night to enjoy DT Mesa's event & free movie at the Amp  
 Thanks so much! RT  Had an opportunity to see THE POOL in Mesa.  Incredible.   
  Amazing new merchants     & our fave coffee guru 
 It is National Iced Tea Day! Perfect drink in this summer heat. Stop by & say hi to  & try his DELISH teas
 Tons of new merchants at POOL!  If you are looking for faux painting experts, then check out Decorative Expressions 
 Did you see the article about POOL in  ?? If not, check it out on pg 38 
 Do you "Like" POOL on Facebook?  We are adding new merchants daily, so check it out for latest updates 
 CONGRATS! RT  Say hello to our new truck! We will be fully mobile within a few weeks. Should we name the truck?
 Fabulous post about POOL's merchant contest on I Heart Mesa blog... there is still time to enter! 
 Check these out RT  Make the most of free & cheap resources around you. 14 bootstrapping tips: 
 POOL's merchant contest deadline is approaching! Enter to win the biz opportunity of a lifetime 
 Luv this RT   & support local farmers, producers & restaurants. Keep food $ in your community, feeding your community
 Fun! RT  FREE Family Movie Night featuring Planet 51 (PG) Fri. June 11 at Mesa Amp via i heart mesa blog  
 Wow. It is going to be 110 today in the Valley....good thing Poppy's Shaved Ice will be opening in POOL this summer! 
 Attention confectioners! Interested in an EV location? POOL is the place! You can even enter the merchant contest to win free rent 
 Happy Monday!  Start your week off right at E Main Street Cafe RT  Coffee Anyone ( Pool Together)
 POOL is hosting "MESA'S BIGGEST WEIGHT LOSER" Challenge starting June 10. To register call Edith Flores: 602-573-6203
 Another week has gone by.  POOL's merchant contest deadline is getting closer.  Have you entered yet? 
 Need a change of space? POOL has free  - perfect spot for getting some work done out of the office 
 Hooray for National Doughnut day!  POOL would love to have an artisan doughnut maker.  Check out  for leasing info.
 Need your Friday coffee fix? RT  Come get some coffee at E Main St Cafe inside of 
 Interesting Mesa news RT   Story: Mesa vows to generate own funding to keep Cubs 
 Great info RT  Are you ready for your own success? Don't let the details deter you from your dreams. 
 So true RT  Downtown is the heart of a community & a healthy downtown helps the community grow  & support 
 Looking for a graduation gift?  Talk to Aspen w/ Aspen Renee Studios (inside POOL) about her gorgeous flower bouquets
 Great event for Mesa biz owners RT  Grow Your Business  Buca di Beppo, June 8.  Have you registered? 
 Enjoy!!! RT  I'm  w  tea nom nom nom
 Family reunion coming up?  Reunite in style w/ embroidered t-shirts & hats.  For more info talk to George  Great Embroidery inside POOL
 Can't wait for some at POOL! RT  It's National Fresh Fruit & Vegetable Month! Who's your fave local grower? 
 RT  Special for Wed. First 10 people to mention this tweet get 25% off their first drink. 1240 E Main St Mesa 85203
 I'm sure it's delish RT  Post meeting coffee at  with  with our long time friend & client Josh 
 Starting a biz, check this out RT  Failure Danger! 7 Entrepreneurial Pitfalls You Must Avoid to Succeed 
 Loving the long weekend- perfect time to enter POOL's merchant contest for a pkg worth $15K 
 Great organizations that support shopping local     
 We love the smell of fresh   Know any artisan breadsmiths looking to expand in   Send them to POOL!
 So exciting! Have fun! RT  I'm throwing the first pitch for the WAC game at  at 4pm today... Yikes!
 ALL biz owners should check out these tips!! RT  Give Your Business a Spring Cleaning 
 Helpful ideas for potential POOL merchants RT  Tips in here for getting a business idea off the ground. 
 Relocating?  Dream Weaver Properties (opening in POOL this summer) has a team of professionals ready to work w/ buyers & sellers
 We love daily small biz tips from  Here is a great one from last week in case you missed it 
 A latte sounds fabulous this morning!!! RT  Coffee coffee coffee. Come get some coffee at the awesome E Main St Cafe.
 Did you know it's National Small Business Week?  If you are ready to start a biz, POOL offers incentives to get you going
 RT  The story about POOL taking back Main street 
 RT  RT  CPI is representing a new retail concept  For leasing info tweet back. Video 
 Has that New Year’s resolution to lose weight eluded you?  Shake Things Up (opening in POOL this summer) will help you reach your goal
 RT  "Good morning, good morning, to you, to you, and you." Come get some of the Valley's best coffee at E Main St Cafe.
 In case you missed it RT  9 p.m. EXTRA: 3TV shows you marketplace hoping to help businesses POOL resources- 
 DYK the Arizona Arts Collective Gallery is displaying art at POOL? The gallery supports artists w/ disabilities & showcases their work.
