 VERGE 2011 
 Happy St. Patrick's Day from VERGE!
 Hey all! We are working hard to iron out some kinks to make VERGE 2011 bigger and better than last season. We... 
  
  
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 
 Thanks to everyone who came out to Verge 2010! We had a great time playing in the rain and rocking out with the... 
 I posted 18 photos on Facebook in the album "As It Happens - Verge 2010" 
 I posted 14 photos on Facebook in the album "As It Happens - Verge 2010" 
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "As It Happens - Verge 2010" 
 I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "As It Happens - Verge 2010" 
 I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "As It Happens - Verge 2010" 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "As It Happens - Verge 2010" 
 Aja Volkman wants you at Verge 
 Nico Vega rocked our faces off and warmed up the crowds for Crash Kings. 
 Jesse Hughes, frontman of Eagles of Death Metal, Pull-up Extraordinaire. 
 Nico Vega 
 Red Knife Lottery already rocking on the Verge Stage 
 The first through the gate to Verge 2010. The sun is shining, so come out and play! 
 I posted 14 photos on Facebook in the album "Verge Setup - 06.03.10 - 06.04.10" 
 I posted 23 photos on Facebook in the album "Verge Setup - 06.03.10" 
 Last Chance for Advance Price Tickets! 
 You’re on the VERGE of missing a great opportunity!  Purchase advance price tickets for VERGE by Thursday night at... 
 3 DAYS UNTIL VERGE! 
 8 days until Verge! Production has begun. 
 10 days until Verge! 
 1956 'SIGNALS' ♫  
 Verge Announces Scion “Battle at the Bubbler” Pro/Am BMX and Skateboard Competition 
 Eagles of Death Metal 'I Want You So Hard (Boys Bad News)' ♫  
 We just posted the stage setup and grounds map for VERGE 2010! Check out the lineup! 
 
 WHERE'S THE RED BIRD? 
 Manchester Orchestra 'I've Got Friends' ♫  
 VERGE Announces Additional Acts and Exclusive Ticket Offer 
 Weezer 'Buddy Holly' ♫  
 Crash Kings 'Mountain Man' ♫  
  Verge will be making artist announcements at the end of April, so check back! Vergemusicfestival.com
 Loving this weather!!  Sure does feel like summer to us, and June 4 draws ever closer...
 The Raveonettes 'Love In A Trashcan' ♫  
 Working on the new Verge website. Check later this week for the completed product!!
 Summerfest and Verge are accepting applications!! 
   Sure is a headboppin' tune. Excited to have you with us in June, 1956.
 Cold War Kids 'Hang Me Up To Dry' ♫  
 Verge Supports MusiCares 
 Looking forward to sunny days ahead!
 She & Him 'In the Sun' ♫  
 Verge wishes you a very Happy St Patrick's Day! 
 Verge Tickets On Sale Now! -  
 Hop on Over to Verge... 
 Fans Name Milwaukee's New Alternative and Modern Rock Music Festival "Verge" :: Weezer, AFI and Three Days Grace to... 
 RT  Vote on Your Favorite Logo Design for Your Music Fest 2010 
 Submit your design for the new rock festival's name and branding soon! Contest ends Sunday. Check www.yourmusicfest.com for more info.
   Not sure of the error you are receiving. We've been getting submissions all day. cmeinholz 
