  Looks like you got hacked.
  Might not wanna use a space in  - other wise you "mention" me - 
  I don't think I was there...
  Dunno - I only wish I had pugs!  :) 
 Should have said "Yes, yes, yes." 
  yup, or I do! Either way, the best thing about other people's kids is nice, short visits.
  "They go home." :)
  lucky! :)
 Photo: Taken with instagram 
 Just posted a photo 
  thanks! 
 One problem with having a simple user name like this is that I get a zillion false mentions. Usually from Indonesia. 
  Hey, I'm not there...!
  Thanks for saying I'm "the real nice girl." No idea who those other people are, though. :)
  Try doing it as a woman. Both uncool and often scary.
 Is it raining in Shoreline? I don't mind my plants getting watered...
 RT  Dear  PLEASE take this project on. RT  'The Dark Tower' movie, TV show scrapped 
  Two words: nitrous oxide. :)
  you're right! Ow ow ow ow.
 Is it weird that I like going to the dentist? I get to lay back and listen to music for an hour - could be worse!
  Must be time for breakfast!
 Went to reach for a cup in the cabinet this morning...OW OW OW. Yes, I guess working out did have some effect yesterday...
  yes, liked his others, esp. Watchmen. This was visually beautiful but weak on writing/plot. Good soundtrack. I say give it a try.
 Did my first real workout with a personal trainer today. I have a feeling I'll be sore tomorrow but it's a good supplement to spinning/bike.
  no worries!
  um...thanks?
 Tandoori chicken and a peach sangria at Saffron Grill, yum! Going to go home and watch Suckerpunch after.
  ...on obsessive
  I'd say it borders
 That is one neatly handlettered sign, buddy.  
  Hey, I'm not that Sonya; don't  me please.
  I'm just being a smartass. :)
  it's usually around $5.25 or so.
 Why is it that the while universe conspires to make me late for important appointments, but when I have nowhere to go, I get there on time?
       please quit including me in your tweets.
  what? Cherries?
  Hah - I really do rock out to my favorite music while commuting, but these days I listen to a lot of podcasts.
  warning if you follow, though: I'm a heathen childfree atheist who is pro-legalization & pro separation of church & state.
  Nice to meet you! I took illustration classes at UW (and teach at SVC as you know). Shoreline artists unite! :)
  I rock out to NPR.
  Are you SERIOUS? I didn't know there was such a thing.
 That's the last bikini-wax offer I'm going to see,  Unsubscribing. Seriously, is there a hair untouched in the WA area??
 I'm enjoying Google+ — want to join me?  
 Going to try out my new padded bike seat at spin class tonight! 
   That's me! Sorry I missed the pizza. :)
 No traffic on 99! Where is everyone?
  And I'm just full of bugs. :)
  Oh, right! These are one of those species of insect that can control behaviour by laying their eggs in your brain.
 What is this weird feeling? I'm actually looking forward to work after the long weekend. Bet the Finnish have a word for that…
  Guess what? I joined the local Y and they have yoga!! I'll tell them you sent me. :)
 Photo: Taken with instagram 
 My posture sucks. I think I'm devolving.
 Just bought this new book on Scientology: 
 Sure hope that the people freaking about the  will remember this next time they're wondering how 2 get out of jury duty!
  I agree - sparklers are awesome and fun for kids, and shouldn't be banned! It's the multiple strings of firecrackers I hate…
 Dear neighbors: Please consider my 7 a.m. squeak-ball playtime with the dog my way of thanking you for your all-night fireworks show. ಠ_ಠ
  I will try to find out if there was any enforcement at all. Or was there a general apathy on police's part?
  You have such a nice positive attitude! :) I am curious, though, if anyone got ticketed at all for fireworks use. Ideas?
  Not in the best mood because people in Shoreline ignored the fireworks ban all night. Thanks, Shoreline PD. No donut for you all.
  The police didn't seem to be trying to stop anyone in my 'hood; there were loud bangs all night, almost nonstop 9 to midnight.
 Dear City of Shoreline police: thanks SO much for your utter failure to enforce the fireworks ban.
  whooo? Whooo are they? :)
  we did eat a bunch of salmonberries!
  yeah, we heard a lot of LOUD booms!
  What?
 We came across this on a hike near Lebam, WA. Didn't see any landmines, though.  
 Big fire off I5 before exit 137, Tacoma - looks like it might be at a storage unit place.  
 Cake - Nugget 
  I looked but didn't see anything. Can you tell me what it was?
  Why am I mentioned in re: "The Food Winerista Daily"? I don't remember writing anything about food or wine (except "Yum").
 I love that   is ahead of both Lady Gaga and Justin Bieber in  ranking!  
 I've gotten some excellent practice this week in Keeping My Opinions To Myself. Definitely a skill that needs improving!
  You will NOT guess who's on Twitter! Remember  from Laugh-In?!
 If you see me driving down the road grinning or laughing, I'm (probably) not drunk, I'm listening to the  podcast.
  It's one of the songs that plays in my head on shuffle. :) 
  Ahaha - I thought it might be "Put One Foot In Front of The Other" from that Xmas special (dunno if that was Ives). Thanks!!
 Can I make it through one more LONG day before a 4-day weekend? CAN I? Tune in here to find out!
  Cool!! Isn't Twitter amazing? I liked that if you follow Ruth, you are recommended to follow  - ok, I will!
  Wow! I love that  is on Twitter! Is it really her??
 RT  The PG-13 rating was born 27 years ago today. In its honor, I will say "fuck" in a non-sexual context 1-4 times, and brie ...
  Why thank you. Happy to amuse!
  Sigh. I give up. Best of luck to you and the lovely  - though, girlfriend; you might look for a smarter man.
  Look, here's a random person that you don't follow. You can see their tweets, right?? 
  No, I'm sorry - ANYONE can see your tweets. And if you will recall YOU TWEETED ME FIRST. Then you called me ugly.
  Ok, making it super simple: Did you know that when you post a tweet on Twitter, THE WHOLE WORLD can see it? Not very private.
  I'm not texting her. This is Twitter. It's PUBLIC. And frankly I don't care if she's happy (though she is nicer than you are).
  I can't understand what you're saying. And I didn't delete anything. Why are you being rude again??
   What now? I thought we made up. By the way, I can read all your tweets, you know.
  I like that too. Will have to find you on there - it's a vast, empty wasteland for me so far with only 2 friends! :)
  Awesome! I'm glad we are friends now!
  "Strangers only come to steal and destroy" - that's an interesting philosophy. May I borrow it? Or..steal it?  :D
  I am pretty difficult! Or is that pretty and difficult? Hahaha!
  Ok, I accept your second apology. And I will delete my comments to your wife. But please remember to be nice to strangers. :)
  Wow, I don't know. Remember when you said this? "u r a complete asshole n u r ugly hate My feelings are still kinda hurt.
  Ummm...you told me her name, remember?
   Although he did call me ugly. I cried, but he apologized, so that's cool.
  No, it's ok, I told her how awesome you are! I don't want to get you in trouble.  He's great! Don't be mad!
  Well, she is one lucky lady to have you! I told her how lucky she is and how a real man always makes good when he messes up.
  You're one lucky girl. Your husband  made me cry but totally apologized! Now that's a real man.
  Ok, I accept your apology. I'm sure your wife is a very nice lady and won't mind that you make people cry on the internet.
  Rude? Who tweeted ME in the first place! Don't blame me if you have an inadequate grasp of the technology. Now you made me cry.
  Done tweeting? Or done tweeting me? :)
  Thanks for asking, things are fine. You...do understand that I'm not your wife, right? Just checking. :)
  Also, you suck at the English language. And I'm not ugly. I was giving you shit & you have no sense of humor. So sad.
  Also, calm the fuck down.
  Hah - calm down, buddy. You tweeted me. When you typed " - that's ME. So I got it as a personal tweet.
  ohhh. Well, I won't tell her you're tweeting strange women. :)
  I am? Thanks! I didn't know I was doing choreography, but hey…  :)
  What what?
  I actually have some things in common with thar demog too v
  you got it, sistah! And we're probably bigger consumers what with all that disposable income.
 Interesting facts about the mom demographic for marketers, from Williams-Helde: Six Undeniable Truths About Moms: 
 Trust me - watch this one: Social Media Revolution 3 video‏ 
  I'm not; so far I'm just looking in the Google+ window and wondering if those cookies are fresh...
 Yep,  – I do have a bit of a wandering eye when it comes to social media, I'll admit…the grass is always greener, you know?
 Damn, Google, the black bar at the top of page is distracting—at least make it optional. Don't be stubborn like Facebook: our way's right!
 Quoting my fave showbiz gossipmonger,  — "After the war, all that will be left are cockroaches, Cher, and M. Night Shyamalan."
  oh MAN, that's a lot to live up to! :) 
 O hai! The SVC kitty mascot.  
  Jason Hoppe's class? He's fantastic.
 Taking a break - urgh, it's hard sometimes to barf up knowledge nonstop for three hours!
  hi - I teach at the School of Visual Concepts in Seattle.
 I guess there's an expo for everything... 
 Done with job  for the day, off to job  (teaching InDesign). Now the fun starts!
  Do I know you?
  I'm at work.
  Howdy!
  Thank you for a really helpful and interesting presentation today!! I can use this right away; teaching a class tonight!
  ha! I laughed and cringed at the same time.
  Exactly! My house is never cleaner than after a Hoarders marathon.
  must be something about our dreary weather. It's my nightmare show; I'm an anti-hoarder (a purger? No...)
 Now I can finally relax and catch up on my Hoarders backlog. I love a good horror story.
 Added a few new photos to my garden photos. We got a pretty new maple; things in general looking green and lush! 
  and they wonder why we pirate.
  oh god, I hate Comcast's shitty On Demand. Our local cable competitor, Frontier, is no better.
 Heading out to Flowerworld! The Holy Land for Seattle gardeners. :)
 Yay for Seattle pride! Happy sunny pride day. RT  Pride Flag Raised Atop Space Needle 
 RT   That's a B-17, a bomber from WW2. Here for an airshow.
  ah, thank you! It was impressive!!
 Anyone else in Shoreline see the massive old military plane that just flew over?
 Taking a long, leisurely walk with the dog, in which she stops ten thousand times to smell something and two thousand to pee.
  you said it!
  Sweet! NPH proposes. That's what it's all about - happy, loving couples. WTG, NY!!
  Thanks for the reminder, Diane! :)
 InDesign scripting: I want a script for a slug that returns page size, uses text variables for filename & mod.date. I'm no scripter. Halp!
  Yes...I'm sad to admit it, but punching is still my first impulse when faced with idiots.
  
 Next time someone asks "If we descended from monkeys why are there still monkeys?" I'll show them this & not punch them. 
  clearly it's way too early for dinner - your body knows it!
 I'm always a bit nervous at 1st teaching a class, but that's a good thing: if something's a little scary it's a sign you should face it.
 Hanging out at Citizen Coffee before teaching my InDesign class tonight at SVC. They're playing "I Wear My Sunglasses at Night" — wow.
  wtf??
  you don't need to defend your comments. You are worth 100 of those jackasses.
 This is big, the  law cld mean no-cost  4 women. Get facts & sign  petition 
  There was a big house fair in LFP last night; there should be an article coming soon in the Shoreline news about it.
  There's no way I'd follow someone who uses all caps in their tweets the way you do. :(
  Raaarrggh! TOO MANY TWEETS. You're breaking my nice diverse Twitter feed.
 B & J at Jethro Tull 
  apparently earless rabbits aren't that rare (or so I read).
  yes, can't get on FB, went to Twitter to confirm. :\
  spaghetti for dinner? :)
  Oh; well, I'm sure your aunt loves you. :)
  I don't know where your vat is!
  hi honey!
  why do you think I don't?
 Birds With Arms  Trust me and check this out, it's a little creepy and a little funny.
  No, fine here. We just got back from our walk and didn't notice any other power outages either...
 Famous people hanging out with their vinyl. Worth it, if nothing else, for Marlon Brando, his records, and his cat. 
  Hah - and it just gets better. I'm on the second book now and I can't WAIT for the next season!
  on HBO just gets better and better. If I hadn't read the first book I'd be in serious shock; even still, it was quite good.
 Just posted a photo 
 Just posted a photo 
  In Arizona too; I've been waved through border crossings when darker skinned people who I KNEW were from US were detained.
  I'll let you know if I hear otherwise (but if it is, no surprise, honestly).
  With spelling like that (and a Kid Rock fan?) there's NO way I believe that's your real photo. You're about 19, aren't you?
  they're both a little confused but interested!
 Photo: Transplanted the trumpet vine to here. (Taken with instagram) 
 Transplanted the trumpet vine to here.  
 Finally got a water feature! 
  I think we're going to get a fountain this weekend!
 At a fountain seminar at  - I want a water feature!
  Nice work. Welcome to Seattle and good luck in your job search!
  Don't get on here much, do ya?
 I'll be teaching Introduction to InDesign at SVC in June and July; learn good habits and get the tech secrets! 
  I did not expect that...!
  Thanks—I'm not so brave, as a good friend recently posted yet another series of baby pix. Don't want to insult her…but geez.
  Agreed. You have seen this, right? 
 Ok, I'll say it: I wish Facebook had a baby-photo filter. (As I'm sure some of my friends wish it had a dog-photo filter.)
 This 1959 Goggomobil Is Insanely Cute and Gets 55 MPG. Why Can’t Detroit Do That?  via 
  I should have warned you??
 Long walk to the lake and back, just because. Perro gusta! 
 RT  Using Guides, Grids & Pretty Circles In Logo Design 
  you too, huh? It's hard to adapt to life among humankind...
  ...dad?...
 Aagh, people confuse me sometimes. That's what comes from being raised by wolves, I guess.
 Note to self: Working on a plastic surgery clinic piece? DO NOT Google "Facial Plastic Surgery" journal to check italicization. Can't unsee.
  I see a dirty lens. That's a pretty crummy way to get pageviews.
  Really? Well, you're just surprisingly awesome then. :)
  Would love to see deals from       —how's that?
 Go ahead, Seattle: bring on the rain! The more the better!! All week long! 
 Why is everything on  and  just tanning/botox/massages & haircare? Are they trying to tell me something? Getting dull.
  HEY—don't stick " on your tweets because that's me. Please be more careful.
  they all come out around sunset, don't they? Jupiter is also entranced.
 I wish you could hear the amazing symphony of birds all around me right now. This is why I love living in Shoreline.
  my audiobooks are already DRM-free. :)
 Listening to book 2 of  on audiobook during my commutes makes them much more tolerable! And violent, and sexy, and intriguing.
  What kind of haircut best suits a mad scientist? I'm thinking that long, floppy semi-victorian look that you see so often…
 RT  APPARENTLY FATTY VISITED AN OLD PETS HOME said home is now in financial trouble HE HAS A STORY WITH WORDS AND PICTURES h ...
  I'm donating!! Thanks to Fatty for writing that up and thanks a ton for making me cry at work.
  I've heard it's good but haven't watched. Probably will get the first season when it comes on Netflix.
 We've been watching the BBC show "Sherlock" and really enjoying it. It's what "House" ought to be. Why can't the US make dramas this good?
  I'm a little worried about invasiveness but at worst it can cross the fence to the neighbors yard & attack them in their sleep. :)
 Planted today: 2 hostas, eared lady fern, an edging of campanula and a trumpet vine I will probably regret. Don't care.
  I'll try to be there on June 7! That sounds like a book that's right up my alley.
  it did make me want to read your book...!
  I speak German - it's nothing bad at all. Starts with a summary of the book, then questions.
  I give up!! Whose ass ARE you kicking?
  I wish I'd made it, though. :)
 
 More great statuary.  
 Statuary lot on Lake City Way. Amazing! 
 Going to look at garden statuary, which prospect very much excites me. Hoping for a cool Buddha or a raven or something. I'm a garden nerd.
  Consorting with vipers, actually...
  funny! I did a "china mieville" search on Twitter and someone else was right behind me. I think I saw you too!
  I wanted to go up and say something...but what? So I refrained.
  did you see that he was chatting with Neal Stephenson by the bar? I nearly geek-died.
 Me with the sinister yet delightful China Mieville.  
  shit, I KNEW that was Stephenson!!
  I would go with incredibly hot. :)
 I am ten feet from China Mieville, one of my very favorite authors!
 Just posted a photo 
 Going down to Chop Suey to see China Mieville!!
 Superb day. I put in a stone border on this part if the garden. Lots of work but hey, more fun than going to the gym.  
  Certainly NOT. ;)
 Just posted a photo 
      some dear Twitter friends.
  china isn't until 7 - or just stay inebriated!
  no idea what that means, but have a great time at it!
  that's sweet! I got mine and love it. :)
 Get here pizza get here pizza get here pizza. Hurry. (Gorgonzola, feta, roasted garlic, can you blame me for being impatient?)
  you know I follow rapture believers (mainly from sordid curiosity).
 And so, with one avocado marguerita, the long weekend is launched!
  Wow, just curious: you follow all of 16 people; why me?
  Ok, you had me a little worried there. :)
 This is for a friend on Twitter who is having a rough week. Hope this helps. And if YOU are sad, watch! 
  Congratulations and nice work on the Gaga campaign!
  Why are you being so mean to me?
  WHO are you calling a ho?!
   Sold!
  I just bookmarked the recipe - thanks! Today I learned something...!
  It's not all bad; in fact it's the best time of my life, personally!
  it's not dukkah, but now that I've googled that, I want to make some! Hazelnuts and spices...drool!
  this is what a party looks like when you're 45; what can I say? :)
  some toast or some Cabernet? Either way you WIN!
 Awww yeah.  
 All I think about for my entire drive home: the piece of toast with almond butter, and glass of Cab, which await. 
  I just drove north out of a huge downpour into the sun - not sure which way it's headed.
  thanks, will look into both!
  toast+sardines sounds amazing. Will have to try that.
  The Wm&Kate Wedding one made laugh a bit–that & the Lady Gaga one make me worry that you're going to get a rash from that paint.
 Rain's not so bad, though. We have this place to ourselves.  
 Ok, can't put it off any longer. Going to walk the dog in the damn rain.
  Oh, and yes: "fun" as well. ;)
  Eating and drinking, in fact! I have a weakness for toast with almond butter, and cabernet. So...having both! :)
  I KNOW - I am always wanting to "like" tweets. Favoriting them is just not the same.
  You're the first person I've been glad to have follow me in ages! Love the blog, love steampunk, happy to meet you.
  Actually, both! Cheers! :)
 Trying to like and use Twitter more now that a couple of good friends are on it, but I'm so boring! I'm having toast...whoop-de-do.
  Ciscoe is such a rockstar. They should call him PlantGuy Gaga. Heh. :)
  Cool - plant sale in LFP on June 18th! I'd hate to miss that; thanks for letting me know!!
 What a productive day. Love having a ton of work to do, and kicking ass through it faster than expected. I think I deserve a 3-day weekend!
  If you want. I'm not that interesting. :)
  Welcome to Twitter! :)
  Excellent stuff in your portfolio by the way!! Love that Janessens logo.
  No probs - anything to help a fellow designer! :)
  I thought it was just me - thanks for confirming it's not!
  Oh good; I thought it was just me.
  SIFF is a great suggestion! Any favorite films you can recommend?
 Almost June and I'm dressed like November. Need something cheerful to do this weekend - what? Not Folklife.
 Another cold, grey day in Seattle. Not looking forward to bundling up in a sweater all day yet again. Anyone in the tropics need designers?
  I didn't get to watch last night; don't give away the ending! :)
 At the LFP farmers market - got fresh pumpkin ravioli and handmade madelines!!
  hey, missed yr tweet. I posted links under Mel's post on FB, did you see?
  same back atcha! Look out for those hippies - one might be Jesus in disguise.
  well, it would be a start!
 Make May 21st a national holiday: Rapture Remembrance day! A time to consider all the untrue religious predictions of the past. 
  Sounds like they need to pray a little harder for that server...hahah!
  You mentioned me?
  Well then, let's get this party started! Support Rapture Remembrance Day! Woooo   
 It's about time atheists had our own holiday. I propose that every May 21 be Rapture Remembrance day.  
 Trying 2 listen to Family Radio (the rapture folks) 2 see what they say today but can't STAND the music. You try. 
  I think y'all missed the bus.
 RT  If you are still standing there... it does not mean you are a sinner, please stand by...  DIFFICULTIES
 RT  For those of you calling from  you are looking for 
 RT  SO  just told us that 10 lucky followers will get  tomorrow regardless of past sins as part of our n ...
  No sir. It's amazing, hopeful and wonderful how many people DON'T believe it. There's hope for reason.
 Feelin' Good 
 Atom & Evil 
  you're wrong. Most people are good; everyone's just trying 2get by. And the world HAS gotten better. More tolerant & connected.
 Christians: "Wow, those rapture people sure believe weird stuff!"
  Bad decision; Cliff Mass is the best weather commenter in the area. Very disappointed in you.
  Is this your rapture party hat? 
 Everyone going south into Seattle today: just stay home. All roads are bad.
  Thanks! :)
  What? Why? Anything I can do do help?  :)
  Yep, thanks! I missed the sun SO much this year. Planning to spend several hours just soaking it up over the weekend.
 RT  █████ █ ████ everything ███ █████ is█████ ████ ████ fine ████ ███ ██████ trust ███ ██████ ███ your █████ ████ government.
  They really do seem to come out when the weather warms up...
 Please, drivers on N. Aurora, don't slow down to gawk at hookers unless you're actually buying one, in which case pull over. 
  I do so pledge!!
  yes, the bene gesseret saying - if I'm spelling that right.
 In Dune, "fear is the mind-killer" but I think ego is the mindkiller. I strive to lose my ego & just be in the world, doing my best always.
  j'adore!
  I'm just getting ready to leave work - really looking forward to the dog walk tonight! Hope you're out tearing up the roads. :)
  Sadly I am at work, but I promise to try and go outside at least once!
  Heh - silly me, what was I thinking?
  Works for me! But you need to post photos of each and every chrome nut cover. Heh.
  Awesome, but once a day for a month? That'll be the most chromed Harley on the planet!! :)
 Join me in making June a creative month; even if you don't draw, paint, sing, write…you can still create! 
 RT  Donald Trump bows out of presidential race, citing inability to prove he wasn't born a douchebag.
  hmmm - maybe it's time you start a very tiny cult...
  I don't know why these random accounts follow me. Maybe they like Lady Gaga too... :)
   I think it's a shame, because a Trump/Palin ticket would pretty much guarantee an Obama win.
 WTF: Is this possibly the most useless commercial Twitter account EVER?? :  
 Damn—co-worker playing an album by The Asteroids Galaxy Tour; just bought the album. Love this sound. Why did no one tell me about them?
  Hah - I know. Who did you think I was?
  yes, I do "have a twitter"! Why are you surprised? :)
 May in the garden 
 Here's our cheesy treasure - a selection from the Seattle Cheese Festival. Not as crowded this year! 
 Who's going to CHEESEFEST today? *waves hands in the air* I can't wait. We'll be there first thing, ready to nosh!
  Please, PLEASE let it be the Rocketman! I will buy the first one! :)
  Thanks gal!
  I designed this! The graphics for Sonicare video site, interface of video booth & the tradeshow booth  
 Just posted a photo 
  hah - that's the Fail Whale! It means twitter is overloaded. :)
    OMG, thank you for the reminder; I would have missed Cheese Fest!! I LOVE CHEESE.
  
 Thor: great abs. Oops, plot. I meant "great plot."
 Off to see Thor, because it's been pretty well reviewed. And...well, Vikings.
  well, it is a good movie. :) are you enjoying the day in your new chair?
  I like some bots—there's one that tweets you if you mention the movie "Fight Club" with quotes from the movie.
 Happy day! The sun came out, garden looking good, everyone smiling. :) 
 The dog having her go-for-the-face attack training session. 
 Busy day: calibrating surveillance cameras around the house; buying ammo; making human-hand-shaped treats for the dog.  :)
 Meh, screw it - I'm going outside!!
 These will be the best damn PPT slides they've ever seen though! 
 Should be making art or digging in the dirt but instead I'm making PowerPoint slide backgrounds for my freelance client.
  Well, hi Sue!
 Holy crap, this is funny:  Sh*t My Students Write Tumblr Is Hilarious, Sad - 
  Yes?
  yes, and it's actually a perfect reflection of my life some days. Like EERILY accurate.
  Just listened to the Colbert photo podcast…the show went from just clevery & fun to sweet & thought-provoking. I like what you do.
 “ Seattle cracks down on yellow-pages deliveries” Now if I could get you guys to stop leaving those ad papers in my driveway..
 Das ist nicht lustig! Warum lachen Sie? So where are the Osama jokes on South Park tonight? Disappointed, Matt & Trey. 5 days not enough?
 I love my job, but on days like this I wish I was at home with my fingers in the soil and the dog playing on the lawn...sigh. Paradise.
  Ha - is that real? If I'm ever in the area I promise I will try it! Would google it, but being at work at the moment…yeah.
  Ah, let me know if you find that site! I'm just trying the ones on hwy 99 'cause that's my commute.
 Bleah. Trying all the local drive-through coffee kiosks; that Chicka Latte on North Aurora makes nasty coffee. Girl cute, coffee bad.
  What what?
  Well, I do have a cat, but he's too old and fat to catch an owl! :)
  I completely agree!!
 Great day at the gun range yesterday. Today: continuing the dog's attack-dog training. 
  good point. Time to cancel, I think. Though I do like Groupon's home & garden offers.
  NO. Spammer.
 Living Social sent me offers for pole dancing classes and a facial today. Seriously? I'm about ready to dump 'em. And no more botox please!
  they rust, eventually, I think...
  Hey, we go to bed early around here.
 Ok, NOW can I take my bottle of juice onto the airplane?
 Look out,  — here I come!
  Nope, but I'll check the news today. Fell asleep last night. Seeing as we're still alive this morning I guess it was no biggie.
  Dunno. Brett thought it might be a gunshot but I thought it was louder.
  Sorry, man. I know they'll come for you sooner or later...
  Nah, I think it's just another day in the 'hood.
 Heard loud explosion just a minute ago. Then two helicopters heading north fast. What's up??
 The Crimson Petal and the White on BBC; beautifully filmed. The book is one of my favorites and this series does not disappoint.
  no worries. I get mistweets all the time; usually from Indonesia. Pleasant to meet you; I'm sympathetic, as it happens.
 If you're in Seattle check out  amazing sale on asian art & antique items. I got a pair of stone dragons!
  It's a big series; 5 now, I think? Anyway, enjoy! It's good reading.
  I'm watching  - read the first book and loved it! Series is great so far.
 Yes, when a woman reaches a certain age, she starts craving...garden statuary. 
 RT  If you don't spell check, the errorists win.
  It's ok. We're cool. :)
  damn it, I have a business to run here. No one drinks free! Next time you come in a big tip would be nice. :)
  Sweet. I don't actually own a bar, but hey, hope you had a great time. P.S. You owe me for drinks; send money via Paypal. :)
  Don't get me wrong, I have much respect for anyone drinking a Mary at 9:30 am...just don't recognize the name.
  Do I know you?
  Ssssssss...
  oh, you speak wiener?
 A huge, wet wiener in Seattle.  
 RT  Dear Twitter Friends, if u can, please check out the new David Lynch Signature Cup Coffee commercial. Have a great day. ...
 InDesign CS5's ability to automatically generate photo captions just saved me easily half an hour of time. Long lunch today? :)
 I predict that by the end of the day a group of idiot "birthers" will issue a press release saying that the Obama birth certificate is fake.
  So we fall to the idocracy and get taken over by China. At least the food will be good.
  Did you ever get that water? Hope so. Sorry I couldn't bring it. :)
 Game of Thrones ep. 2! I just started the second book this afternoon - it's that kind of day. Time for 
 Yay! Brown's Coffee is open, and there's a bluegrass band!  
  Looks like you got hacked.
  Might not wanna use a space in  - other wise you "mention" me - 
  I don't think I was there...
  Dunno - I only wish I had pugs!  :) 
 Should have said "Yes, yes, yes." 
  yup, or I do! Either way, the best thing about other people's kids is nice, short visits.
  "They go home." :)
  lucky! :)
 Photo: Taken with instagram 
 Just posted a photo 
  thanks! 
 One problem with having a simple user name like this is that I get a zillion false mentions. Usually from Indonesia. 
  Hey, I'm not there...!
  Thanks for saying I'm "the real nice girl." No idea who those other people are, though. :)
  Try doing it as a woman. Both uncool and often scary.
 Is it raining in Shoreline? I don't mind my plants getting watered...
 RT  Dear  PLEASE take this project on. RT  'The Dark Tower' movie, TV show scrapped 
  Two words: nitrous oxide. :)
  you're right! Ow ow ow ow.
 Is it weird that I like going to the dentist? I get to lay back and listen to music for an hour - could be worse!
  Looks like you got hacked.
 Should have said "Yes, yes, yes." 
  yup, or I do! Either way, the best thing about other people's kids is nice, short visits.
  "They go home." :)
  lucky! :)
 Just posted a photo 
  thanks! 
 One problem with having a simple user name like this is that I get a zillion false mentions. Usually from Indonesia. 
  Try doing it as a woman. Both uncool and often scary.
 Is it raining in Shoreline? I don't mind my plants getting watered...
 RT  Dear  PLEASE take this project on. RT  'The Dark Tower' movie, TV show scrapped 
  Two words: nitrous oxide. :)
  you're right! Ow ow ow ow.
 Is it weird that I like going to the dentist? I get to lay back and listen to music for an hour - could be worse!
