 Great deal on Bidsketch  today - %81 off  via 
 Just entered a competition to win a bunch of WordPress goodies, courtesy of  - 
 Mmmmm...bacon! 
 When’s the best time to post to Twitter? How often to post to Facebook? This infographic tells you.  (via 
 Wine Bottle Photography Special :: limited time 20% discount :: 
 Smokey Bacon Maple Bar Cake  (via 
 Checkout the slick new Wordpress theme  Qlassik, from  - 
 Creattica Roundup: 25 Inspiring Web Designs! | Webdesigntuts+ 
 The Web’s Greatest Burger Recipes  (via 
 15 incredible sites to visit for design inspiration  (via 
 Eva on the Bluff 
 Eva's sport pic II 
 Eva's sport pic I 
 Communication 
 30 Examples of Smart Print Advertisement | Inspiration  via 
 Weber Performer Grill  (via 
 15 incredible sites to visit for design inspiration  (via 
 40 Most Creative Resume Design Ever Seen  (via 
 And what? 
 Discovery Bluff 
 Discovery II 
 Discovery 
 Greenlake2 
 Frisbee Trick Shots  (via 
 Norm Tea Kettle  (via 
 I'm sweatin sunday to beat juvenile diabetes. You can help in the form of cash, doe, chedda, skrilla... Donate here : 
 Examples of Effective Minimalism in Logo Design  (via 
 RT  LinkDeck, an icon pack with 37 beautiful icons perfect for developers.  
 How Are Mac & PC People Different? [INFOGRAPHIC] 
 Are you a Comic Sans Criminal? There's help available for you!  via 
 Become Somebody Else  (via 
 Serenading Unicorn  (via 
 Fight For Your Right Revisited Trailer  (via 
 Designing For The Future Web  (via 
 Pictogram Movie Posters, Starring Only the Helvetica Man  (via 
 Dear blank, please blank  (via 
 Miniot iPad Cover  (via 
 Stand By Me - 25th Anniversary   (via 
 Theme Trust Professional WordPress Themes: Buy 1 Get 1 FREE | News  via 
 HOW TO: Create a Blockbuster Mobile App  (via 
 I just finished a 7.41 mi run with a time of 53:27 with Nike+ GPS. 
 Explosion Art  (via 
 I just finished a 6.52 mi run with a time of 46:22 with Nike+ GPS. 
 Waldock  (via 
 9 Tools For Managing Your Freelance Design Business | Tools  via 
 One Million Heineken Hugs  (via  I could go for one of those...a Heineken with a hug chaser!
 I just finished a 6.19 mi run with a time of 45:10 with Nike+ GPS. 
 Sir Francis Bacon Chocolate Peanut Brittle  (via 
 I just finished a 4.28 mi run with a time of 32:25 with Nike+ GPS. 
 8 Useful Online Tools for Web Designers andDevelopers  (via 
 Yurbuds Ironman Earphones  (via 
 NoteSlate  (via 
 I just finished a 5.12 mi run with a time of 38:38 with Nike+ GPS. 
 I just finished a 2.04 mi run with a time of 19:10 with Nike+ GPS. 
 World's Widest Slip & Slide  (via 
 I just finished a 8.00 mi run with a time of 58:57 with Nike+ GPS. 
 I just finished a 7.29 mi run with a time of 51:16 with Nike+ GPS. 
 Smooth Criminal Cello Cover  (via 
 10 Useful jQuery Plugins for Images | Freebies  via 
 The Best Daily Deals in Seattle, WA: $20 Amazon.com Gift Card:  via 
 Drunk scientists pour wine on superconductors and make anincredible discovery [Madscience]  (via 
 Check this out. Nike  SportWatch GPS 
 Resource Roundup: 15 Sources of Seamless Background Patterns | Webdesigntuts+ 
 30 Inspiring Design Agency Websites | Inspiration  via 
 The State of Web Design Trends: 2011 Annual Edition | Webdesigntuts+ 
 I just finished a 6.04 mi run with a time of 46:17 with Nike+ GPS. 
 40 Examples of Beautiful Typography in Web Design  (via 
 Levitation Series  (via 
 Archer -- Mix James Bond, Get Smart, Arrested Development, and It's Always Sunny --  (via 
 Apple's 2011 Product Lineup - What's in Store?  (via 
 FLUD  (via 
 I just finished a 5.06 mi run with a time of 38:21 with Nike+ GPS. 
 The Ultimate Graphic Designer’s Holiday Wish List From Graphic River | Psdtuts+ 
 RT  CSS drop-shadows without images -   (via 
 RT  Bring Vetta home for the holidays during iStock’s Vetta Sale. Retweet to win iStock credits!   ...
 Conan & Hunter S. Thompson Drinking & ShootingGuns  (via 
 Watch this. I Just Had Sex by The Lonely Island 
 FLUD for the iPhone is a beautiful way to read your news. Check them out and follow them on twitter  (via 
 Bring Vetta home for the holidays during iStock’s Vetta Sale. Retweet to win  credits!  
 20+ Awesome Holiday Gift Ideas for Web Designers | Webdesigntuts+ 
 Reading 'Why We Should Start Using CSS3 and HTML5 Today' (via  
 Reading '25 New Free High-Quality Fonts' (via  
 40 Excellent Examples of Texture in Web Design | Inspiration  via 
 Best Free Textures and Patterns of 2010 | Freebies  via 
 Persuasion Triggers in Web Design  via 
 Willie loves sandwiches! 
 What's up? 
 I just published a new project to my  portfolio: 
 Create a Spectacular Grass Text Effect in Photoshop | Psdtuts+ 
 My new portfolio website  has launched! A work in progress with plenty more to come. Stop by and take a look.
  Besides being one of my favorite varietals, Grenache is a fantastic wine to have on hand for the holidays. Versatile and delicious
 I just finished a 6.37mi run with a pace of 7'16"/mi with my Nike+ GPS app.
 I just finished a 8.09mi run with a pace of 7'20"/mi with my Nike+ GPS app.
 Boise State takin' care of business at home. Now if only I could be as productive at home.
 13 Super Useful Photography Cheat Sheets | Resources  via 
  is a slick and sexy iPad reader for Dribbble by  
 New Ford Edge voice ad -- beautiful and conceptually strong  
 Things Ads 
 It's the wood that makes it good! Pimp your new iPhone with handmade bamboo cases from Grove via Portland, OR -- 
 Need a Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, LinkedIn (or other) icon for your website? Checkout 
 One of my favorite food/beverage brands... Filthy Food  via 
 Getting ready to launch a new personal website! I know you're all on the edge of your seats with anticipation.
 I'm going to a Meetup with The Seattle iPhone App Development Meetup Group! 
 Win 1 of 10 iPads from  - RT to enter or read more 
 From WineCHATr.com: A room in which to run in Walla Walla.: The Fat Duck Inn came as a welcome relief after making... 
 ran 5.01 mi on 6/14/2010 at 5:17 PM! 
 It was a pleasure meeting everyone. RT  Thx for a gr8       
 RT  A great tasting         
  Nice meeting you last night at the  tasting. Cheers!
 Hangin at purple Bellevue  for  tasting in celeb of  cheers!
 ran 4.83 mi on 6/1/2010 at 5:24 PM with a pace of  7'32"/mi 
 ran 4.06 mi on 5/14/2010 at 10:15 AM with a pace of  7'51"/mi 
 I'm at Seattle Mac Store (815 NE 45th St, at 9th Ave, Seattle). 
 I'm at Mosaic Coffee House (4401 2nd Ave NE, at NE 44th St, Seattle). 
  Didn't get your message til after I was done chugging beers. Will have to get the Jasmine IPA next time. Cheers!
 I'm at Celtic Bayou (7281 West Lake Sammamish Parkway NE, Leary Way NE, Redmond). 
 I'm at Elysian Tangletown (2106 N 55th St, at Kenwood Place N, Green Lake). 
 I'm at Cafe Lulu (6417 Latona Ave NE, NE 65th St, Seattle). 
 RT  Thanks  for the wine tasting last night at The Camlin. I was loving that 05 Syrah. Delicious
 All cheers to  for a great tasting. Fantastic wine and even better company!
  Winning  bloggers -- 
 Congrats to all  winners. It's going to be a hell of a trip! First class gluttony on wheels all the way to Walla Walla! 
 I'm at Discovery Park (3801 W Government Way, at Magnolia, Seattle). 
 I'm at picnic : a food+wine boutique (6801 Greenwood Avenue North, North 68th ST, Seattle). 
 I just unlocked the "Explorer" badge on  
 I'm at Cafe Lulu (6417 Latona Ave NE, NE 65th St, Seattle). 
 I hope everyone enjoyed the day, and are well on their way to enjoying the night! Cheers!
 Cheers! RT  Happy  to        
  The Dahlia is the only TD restaurant I haven't been to. I think that's probably your and Dennis' fault for never taking me.
 Cheers! RT           
 The smoked turkey, havarti, and avacado is the bomb. ( Oddfellow's Grill) 
 On the drink menu: 2003  Sogno cab franc blend
 Good sandwiches for a Sunday dog walk. ( Meridian Market) 
 Drinking wine and developing my first iPhone app.
 What to do, what to do...?
 ran 5.12 mi on 5/1/2010 at 3:08 PM with a pace of  6'48"/mi 
 I'm at Buckley's - Queen Anne (232 1st Ave W, Seattle) w/ 3 others. 
  Can't make it this weekend unfortunately. But possibly sometime soon...or, at the latest for 
  Listened to your Crush It book recently. Good stuff. Appreciated the relaxed approach to your read and the side notes. Refreshing.
  I've drank some bottles of your artist series cab the past couple nights. The '03 was tasting great!
 Cheers! RT  Happy  to our Fav Bloggers       
 Great pizza, but ya gotta try the burrata with wood fired asparagus. ( Delancey) 
 On today's drink menu: a napa sauv blanc with an IPA chaser.
  - Enjoying a glass of wine by the fire...at Delancey.
 RT   Nice avatar. Will we see some kind of red leotard ensemble at  Please do not disappoint... <-- I never do! ;)
 RT  The countdown is on!! Join us on the WA wine highway as we sip, swirl, and taste our way to  -- 
  - Rockin the new grill.
 I've got blue skies, a hot grill, burgers, wine, and chilly spring temps. 4 out of 5, I'll take it!
 All day happy hour...ok, I'll do one! ( Palomino - Bellevue) 
 No better spot on a sunny day. ( Green Lake Loop w/ 2 others) 
 A good stop for grounds and people watching by the lake. ( Peet's Coffee & Tea - Green Lake) 
 ran 6.35 mi on 4/19/2010 at 1:17 PM with a pace of  7'40"/mi 
 I just became the mayor of Animal Wellness Center on  
 Great beer and some of the best food from one of the smallest kitchens in town. ( Latona Pub) 
  You shouldn't ask questions that you really don't want to hear the answers to. ;)
 A good place to meet and chat amongst thousands of bottles of beer. ( Malt and Vine) 
  - Weiner dog electroshock therapy. Don't try this at home.
 A life saver for pets with back problems. ( Animal Wellness Center) 
 Just got done washing 25+ wine glasses by hand and didn't break one. That's a first!
 A great place to bring the fur on a sunny day. ( Discovery Park w/ 4 others) 
 I just unlocked the "Adventurer" badge on  
 Lobster mashpotatoes. Enough said. ( John Howie Steak) 
 Enjoying a 5-year vertical of Robert Craig Howell Mountain Cabernet for the post birthday party. The wine that got me into wine!
 The peanut butter gelato is crazy good! ( Gelatiamo) 
 Cool atmosphere and exceptionally huge, delicious cakes. ( Kingfish Cafe) 
 Thanks for all the birthday cheers! Everyone drink one for me tonight...or, at least for the fact that you finally got your taxes in.
  Well then, happy bday back at ya! 
 ran 8.03 mi on 4/14/2010 at 11:14 AM with a pace of  6'55"/mi 
 RT  Congrats to the  scholarship winners so far!   & 
 RT  Social Media 201 TOMORROW $50 off code dismantled soon! Pass this info to anyone who may want to go 
  I'm a fan of Juice Jargon by Steve Reiss. Simple, no frills, and straight to the point. Good for grape nerds.
 RT  RT  3-wks left to qualify 4   Blog about WA Wine. Earn ticket to ride 
 Great sandwiches, cookies, and of course coffee! ( Useless Bay Coffee Co.) 
 ran 4.01 mi on 3/30/2010 at 7:22 PM with a pace of  7'07"/mi 
     What's your talent?
 A good place for a furry stroll. ( Magnuson Park Dog Off Leash Area) 
 RT  Participating in  expense paid trip from Seattle to Walla Walla  See offer 
 I just unlocked the "Newbie" badge on  
 Is it wrong to want to drink beer this early in the morning?
 RT  Passport to Woodinville Wine Country  , April 17-18. Over 30 wineries participating: 
  - A little change of pace this Easter...snow!
  Sounds delicious!
 Wine Bloggers, get your spot on the Magical Washington Wine Bus headed to  before it's too late  -- 
 Long live pink underpants! RT  Hi on  to      
 Nothing like a little grapes and wine! RT  
 Liquid lunch is always my favorite way to roll, especially with  at Purple Kirkland 
 Great chatting with Co Dinn, Dir of Winemaking for Hogue Cellars, at  about ageability of wines under screw cap!
 Highlight of  ? Definitely the Quilceda Creek vertical tasting seminar w/ Alex Golitzin,  and gang.
 If tasty who gives a F how its packaged? RT  Higher End Boxed Wine. Would You Buy It? Majority say YES! 
 Nothing pairs better than a little Billie Withers and  Clos de Betz while pulling together a Spaghetti masterpiece.
  Eventually all wine becomes a blend once you swallow. ;)
 Tasty! RT   sadly I was not at  but I made up for it by attending  in SF.  Yes, we must catch up!
 You and everyone else! ;) RT   sounds like you had an incredible time at  hope you had some for me!
 Thx! RT  Cheers to more  friends!      
 No laughing allowed Melinda! RT  RT  smartass /via  Tee hee ;-p
 RT  I just heard some jackass say to a vintner w screwcaps "thats not real wine is it"   
 Nice dress. Is it new? RT  A pic of me as happy as i get at Taste WA today!    
 07 Solea Cab from  cellars is extra tasty today. Too bad the winemaker is such a tool! ;) 
   Sorry I missed you. We should chat soon.
  You at  We need to catch up.
  Bruce? It's been a while. We should catch up soon.
  Unfortunately on an indefinite hold right now due to some family issues. But hopefully we'll be back in action soon.
  is long over but just cracked a 2002 Merlot from Fort Walla Walla Cellars and it was outstanding! Way to go the distance guys!
 Be sure to tell him that he's surpassed "potential" status. RT  gonna interview brennon from efeste right now! Woo hoo! 
  Try the Sangio Rose from Five Star Cellars. Really good juice. 
 Always a fav! RT  Barnard Griffin  - Taste the Rose of Sangiovese - Gold winner at SF CHRONICLE Wine Competition!
 Whatever you do don't mention the Tennessee loss. RT  Heading over to Sparkman Cellars table if you want to catch up at 
 Love me some Cab Franc. RT  Dandiest gem: varietal cab franc (w/hints of Chinon) from boys of el corazon winery. 
 So many fabulous wines, such little time at  :) (via  I like to just mix 'em all together for an all inclusive WA blend.
 wineglasses are breaking here at  (via  Drunkies!
 one of my favorite MWs RT  about to interview master of wine bob betz.  (via  I second that!
 That's funny cause I'm there right now w/  RT  seattlewinegal canceled the prefunk dude everyone's busy! See u at  
 pyramind brewery 12pm Taste WA prefunk tomorrow with me an a few other winos? (via  Sounds delicious!
 Quilceda creek seminar comes to a close. No wine will ever taste the same again. Amazing tasting. 
 How the hell do you spell sasafrass (sp?)!?!? 
 "depth + liveliness" is the consensus from the pros on quilceda creek Cabernet. 
 RT  Leslie Sbrocco says acid is like the bra of the wine world - it lifts and separates + makes everything look perky 
 RT  Is it weird that I'm out dress shopping for Taste WA tomorrow? I'm I the only one with a   dress? <- YES
 Heather John of bon appetit stealthily dodges the question of compairing quilceda creek galitzine vin cab to napa cab. 
 07 quilceda creek galitzine vin cab has got the "TWANG" needed to go 30+ years, via Bruce schoenfeld of travel + leisure. 
 "I want to eat this wine for dinner" via heather john of Bon Appetit, refering to 07 quilceda creek cv cab. 
 Quilceda creek is uniquely Washington accord to Andrea immer-Robinson (via Napa). 
 Paul golitzen of quilceda creek "the Michael Jordan of winemaking" according to dad! 
  - Quilceda creek's alex golitzen covering the history of perfection. 
 Quilceda creek started by "luck" according to alex golitzen, founder/winemaker. Now that's one lucky draw! 
 Sitting in on quilceda creek seminar at  Gonna be tasty!
 A  shure would go well with my burger and basketball right now.
 Damn. Burned the lasagna because I'm drinking too much  (via  Merlot strikes again! ;)
  - Wine is Yummy -- MMM...Merlot
 Missed out on drinking  but at least sporting my "Wine is Yummy - MMM...MERLOT" tee from WineCOW.com  May have more if interested?
 Sorry to see UW kicked from the tourney but at least they held true to my bracket...unlike those quitters from Syracuse!
 Shitballs? RT  Holy shitballs! There are SO many peeps tweeting for  Way to throw a country wide party 
 RT  RT   Great job Josh. What a turn out! I can barely keep up with all the tweets!  <-Here here!!!
 Can't believe how thirsty I am right now. Stupid airline rules! I should have shipped a case of  to my room.
 RT  RT  05 Stevens is SO elegant. Way to go, Tim & Paige!!!  
 CAN'T BELIEVE BUTLER! ANOTHER UNDER DOG WRECKS MY BRACKET!! AAARGG!
  offers some nice wines. Love their juice! RT  Tasawik  Full body silky smooth touch of mint still on finish.
 Great juice! RT  The 06 Hogue Reserve Merlot, Wahluke Slope, sells at $30. Just over 2,000 cases. Rich and spicy. 
 That's a good one. RT  Really enjoy  Traditions 07,   Smooth and sultry.
 Hogue Reserve Merlot is one of my WA favorites. RT  Just decanted my Hogue to study it's developing character. 
 Dusted Valley makes good juice. Wish I had some in my Chicago hotel room. RT   Merlot from Walla2.   
 Super excited for  tonight  w/  (via  Chicago has to have a btl of wa merlot somewhere!
 Will be in Chicago unfort, but will try to track down a bottle of  winery list updated!  (via 
 RT  Only a few more days to get your tix to   (via 
  - Enjoying some Barolo at Cantinetta, one of my favorite restaurants in Seattle.
 RT  This Thursday I am drinking f---ing Merlot!    
 RT  Wine Bloggers Are you looking for a ride from Seattle to   can help 
 CHEERS! RT  THNX         
  - I need you now tonight...
 RT  Welcome to the 2010 Wine Blog Awards: As many of you know, the 2010 ...   
 RT  RT  Welcome to the 2010 Wine Blog Awards -- 
 RT  You’re invited to the largest simultaneous online Washington Wine tasting event ever!  
 Trey busch...a young Vince Neil? Check it out for yourself at sleight of hand booth 
 Hard roe to hoe 09 nauti bouy -- drink this wine. Don't question me. Just do it. A day like today is as good a day as any. Cheers! 
 McCrea cellars -- these aren't your mamma's whites. These white wines have style & class. Try the Grenache blanc for something rare. 
 Kiona 08 dry Riesling -- one of the best rieslings I've had in some time. Great balance & delicious fruit. Pair with warm weather! 
 Forgeron cellars 07 chard -- a no nonsense chard with solid oak and bright fruit flavor. 
 Wilridge winery  always one of the best Pinot grigio in the state. Try some... But watch out for mutt, or is it jeff?! 
 Sleight of hand 08 magician -- a nice gewurtz/Riesling blend with snarky mineral and sun fruit flavors. Well balanced for good fun. 
 Milbrandt vineyards 08 traditions rose. Now that's a good food rose. Enjoy through the spring/summer but save for fall. 
 Dunham 08 Riesling is a lively sucker! Smooth with a snappy acidic wit. This is a fun one! 
 Frost doughnuts is off the hook at  OMG!! Salted caramel and bacon maple bar. Check 'em out 
 Currently doing hot laps at the Seattle food & wine experience  stretching out the palate.
 Sportin some pike pale  at  Yum! One of my favs!
 working off my bacon hangover
 RT  Have U got your Seminar seat yet? Don’t wait! Limited seats available. Check out the website: 
 Stoked for "2ND ANNUAL BACONOPOLIS!" tonight at Tom Douglas Palace Ballroom. MMMM....Bacon!
 That's the plan! RT  Will I see you at the Seattle Food & Wine Experience on Sunday?  
 RT  OPEN INVITE Tweetup at Purple Cafe and Wine Bar Bellevue!  
 RT  Great way to avoid fees! RT  Check out list of local wine retailers to buy  tix. 
 Need a ride to the Wine Bloggers Conference  Earn your seat on the Road to Walla Walla  -- 
 RT  Mark your Calendars Seattle! Finally... an open invite wine tweetup! YOU are invited   
  Checkout WBC-or-BUST -  - allowing you to fly in & out of Seattle, which should be cheaper. 
 ran 6.01 mi on 2/22/2010 at 12:07 PM with a pace of  6'48"/mi 
 RT  2/28!         
 "Wine blogging is the attention-seeking barking of lonely poodles," says Ron Washam -- 
 ran 5.89 mi on 2/20/2010 at 2:10 PM with a pace of  6'56"/mi 
  The most important persuasion tool you have in your entire arsenal is integrity. -- Zig Ziglar
 Just wanted to reiterate what a great time   tweetup was last night at   Amazing wine, food, & peeps!
 RT  Thank you       so much for an amazing tweetup!  
 RT  A HUGE special thank you to the fabulous  you are treating us extremely well. Peace!  
 RT  Burnt, cream, bananas foster, Poets Leap Botrytis Riesling, what a terrific way to wrap up a spectacular tasting! 
 Just so you know  doesn't support tweeting and driving. Cheers to all tweeps at  tonight!
 Ok peeps, tweets & pencil geeks...Elvis has left the building. Cheers and enjoy the tasting by  from  
 Now we are on  2007 Pere de Famille. A true icon of WA state. Bob Betz is a MW now on Twitter!  (via 
 Welcome to Twitter bob!  I must say, your Pere de famille pairs extremely well with Twitter. Cheers!
  you say ostrich, I say cheesy potatoes - either way the  07 cab is a winner!   (via 
 Januik 07 cab drinking well for a big guy.  It could just be the wine talking but I love wine!
 2002 Col Solare showing us how WA wine can age well - if we could wait! 
  2002 rocks my face! Box the  steak and grab the bottle...let's roll!
 Love love love ben smith and cadence wine! Bel canto and others are some of best red blends in state! Support the nice guy! 
 Good people making good wine  (sp?)! Keep the cab franc flowing. 
 Cab franc is yummy!! 
 Next up Long Shadows '08 Poets Leap Riesling - Nice clean nose, minerality.  Such a great wine.  (via  That's what she said!
 Easy Shane don't blow your tweet! 
 One time at band camp I enjoyed a great viognier from amaurice cellars! ;) This is gonna go great w/ the 60 deg sea sun this week! 
 RT   Thank You   for wonderful food.  Starting off w/Wicked shrimp & Mini Crabcakes (via 
 Woodward canyon getting back to the goods with a "real nice Clark" Chardonnay. Smooth with great acidity and fruit. 
 Chaleur estate blanc from  has always been a fav of mine! Cheers to  for a great lineup. 
 Saturday  seminar registration open  Boushey Vyd, Food/Wine Pairing, Quilceda Creek & others (via 
  I would say we have the best jobs...as the lucky wine drinking recipients! ;) 
  let's keep it clean this time! 
 Woop! Woop!  for  tweetup w/my tweeps! (via 
 I better get my snarky comments ready! ;) RT   Tweet Up - ready for some  and more  tonight?
 No matter what...You will never party this hard   
  Damn trucks! They never play fair!
 When Chuck Norris goes swimming: He doesn’t get wet; The water gets Chuck Norris'd! 
 Jesus turned water into wine, but Chuck Norris turned wine into beer. 
 Reaching out to participating wineries in the WBC-or-BUST: Road to Walla Walla.  More winery info to come! -- 
  Inspiration?!?! Here you go -- 
 YES!!!!!! RT  Review: Dragon's Lair for iPhone 
  I'm more of an Adam West fan myself! ;)
  My caffeine comes in a can!
 Yeah, you do! RT  I wanna walla (boom-boom) in Walla Walla!  Especially in June at the 
 Cheers to the Wed shout-out! RT         
 Cough, cough...sniff, sniff...stupid germs!
 RT  Wine friends: Here are very interesting stats on the wine industry & social media   
 WINE BLOGGERS --> WBC-or-BUST day2 road trip itinerary released for Yakima Valley to Walla Walla --   
 WBC-or-BUST is excited to have Walla Walla Vintners on board, sponsoring a great night of wood fired pizza & wine -- 
 WINE BLOGGERS!!! WBC-or-BUST: Road to Walla Walla  itinerary for Yakima Valley TBA this week! --  
 ran 5.01 mi on 1/18/2010 at 12:46 PM with a pace of  6'46"/mi 
 It's feeling like a pretty binary day -- 011110
 ran 6.15 mi on 1/10/2010 at 2:03 PM with a pace of  7'02"/mi 
 RT  In World of Wine, Accidents Can Sometimes Be Good - 
 RT  Hey Wine Bloggers! Walla Walla selected as one of top ten places 2 visit in 2010  --  --  
 Looking forward to BSU vs TCU Fiesta Bowl tonight!
 ran 4.11 mi on 12/27/2009 at 12:50 PM with a pace of  7'08"/mi 
 Working w/ Walla Walla B&B Assoc to provide unique local experience for  bloggers participating in WBC-or-BUST -- 
  - Pleased to welcome the newest member of our family -- Eva!
 Virgin Atlantic is my new favorite airline. Friendly people, full media assortment, and wifi a mile up!
 Great meeting w/ Renaissance Seattle Hotel & their support of WBC-or-BUST   Glad to have them on board! -- 
 Working out day 2 Yakima/Red Mtn excursion for WBC-or-BUST: Road to Walla Walla trip.  Lookin good! --  
 Headed to  for some Double IPA!
 Darren, where are you?! My wife needs a San remo fix! 
 So this one time I was pretending to be 20 somethin just so I could chug wine. totally worth it! ;) 
 Pike brew is a must stop palate refresher at  the auld aquaintance is the shiz!
 DesVoigne 07 montreux is rockin it at  Be sure to ask about the rose tattoo.
 Five star cellars sangio always a face favorite. Grin, it's good! 
 Taste rewind: Seven hills 06 malbec a Tyson fight ready to happen. Comin strong then lights out go home. Don't get me wrong I dig it 
 Will call line at  is stupid.
 It's a busy night on the  tweet scene! Lots of chatter.
 RT  20something starts in an hour! Hope to see you there!  We'll be there, will you?  with bells on!
 WINE BLOGGERS:  WBC-or-BUST: Road to Walla Walla   first day itinerary announced for Seattle/Woodinville -- 
 Happy to recognize Willows Lodge  and their support of WBC-or-BUST: Road to Walla Walla. Very exciting!  
 Thanks to Pike Brewery  for supporting the WBC-or-BUST: Road to Walla Walla trip! --   
  They say about 2-weeks for proper conditioning, but I'm sure I'll be cracking into it before then! ;)
 RT  Columbia Crest 05 Reserve Cab Spectator 'Wine of the Year' 
 “I think that wineries need to get realistic about what people should be and are willing to pay for their wine.” -- 
 My beer has been bottled!  Now if I could only drink it...
 For more info on  connect w/ these WA wine bloggers -       
 From WineCHATr.com: Wine from Scratch: A Practical Approach: For many, learning about wine c.. 
 Wacky, toy-toting Gary V says: Producers are 'sticking their heads in the sand' when it comes to talking to consumers - 
 RT  Anyone read GoodGrape?  Seen this post?  Thoughts?
 Pulling together final itinerary details for day 1 of the WBC-or-BUST road trip. Lookin' good! --   
 RT  Hey bloggers - here's a small sampling of some of the wineries you will visit at the   -- 
 Workin w/ some sweet WA  industry companies for WBC-or-BUST. This is gonna be a kickin' road trip --  
 2006 Royal City Syrah from Charles Smith receives 100 points from Paul Gregutt of Wine Enthusiast   -- 
 Good twasting w/ everyone last night  -       etc 
 RT  Thx Seattle tweeps 4 following R TweetUp last nite! Pouring all those wines & more at 20something 11/21. 
 RT  Kick off the holiday season w/the annual St. Nick's Weekend in Woodinville Wine Country -- 
 To try these wines for yourself, attend the  event on 11/21.  (via 
  shhhhh! The commission made me do it. Ok, it was the booze. 
 Dark fruits, pepper, and a little earth on the Barnard Griffin Syrah. A little Australian Shiraz-esque.  (via  - spot on!
 Did I go too far? Come on syncline I'm sorry. Can we still be friends?  made me do it! 
 Syncline 08 subduction red - really?!?? With the grapefruit. I feal blind sided by a citric acid bomb to the face. What the f?!? 
 Barnard griffin 08 syrah- no wine snobbery here...  ... Just YUM... Go goat cheese! 
 Seven hills winery 06 malbec- a Tyson fight ready to happen. Comin in strong & then lights out go home. Don't get me wrong. I dig it 
 Cote bonneville 05 carriage house- let's get back to the carriage house for some more tinkering. Needs a little more something... 
 Robert Karl 06 claret- one of my longtime favs. Still holding court. A great food chummy wine with it's saucy acidity and fruit. 
 Baer 06 ursa- great body and rich fruit. A little oak heavy but hey, who isn't! 
 Now time for the northstar 05 merlot-no punch in the neck needed. Good to go. Not a fighter. More of a lover. 
 Ooops. Meant to tweet 5 star 06 merlot and the whole neck thang! 
 Northstar 05 merlot - bigger than I expected. Needs time and a punch in the neck. 
 O-S winery 08 Riesling- even a little cork won't get this cat down. This is a wine to have on the tday table. 
 Wine snob fest! 
 Doyenne roussanne - I change my mind. This Rouss is growing on my. Ok, I'll do one! 
 Doyenne 08 ciel du cheval roussanne- on own not what I'm lookin for but throw a shrimp at it & real nice. Food a must w/ roussanne. 
 Sparkman cellars 08 lumiere- a little gruph on it's own. Knock it down a peg with some buttery seafood. 
 L'ecole no41 08 semillon- a wa classic. good sem w/ a little umph to let you know it's there. Likes to tango w/ prawns. Drink this. 
 Bergevin lane vin 08 Calico white... This is a nice one. I'd drink this...weird. Oaked just right. 
 Kickin it with the crew up high at the wa wine commission. Pass the next bottle would you?   
 Boomtown 07 Pinot Gris Puckering up my face and grinding lemon into my tongue. Needs food to kick around with. 
 cor cellars Pinot Gris/gewurzt - nice body to go with refreshingly tart acidity. Taste good after running to get here. 
 Late. Weird. Time to taste! 
 Resting my tweet muscles for the 20something  tweetup tonight. 
 I just joined the Wine Twitter Group hhttp://twittgroups.com/group/wine so stop by and see us. 
 Time to rack my brew tonight and begin the wonderful road down secondary fermentation.
 RT  Want to learn more about WA wines? New features at 20something in our Geek Lounge! -- 
 Who doesn't love a good party!?!? RT  New from Wine Peeps: Planning a Wine Party 
 Working w/ some great  industry peeps to pull itinerary together for WBC-or-BUST road trip --   
 RT  fun research for a Monday morning -- what your taste in beer says about you (via ad age)  
 WIth Halloween over I guess I'll have to find new ways to get into trouble.
  HERE'S A FUN IDEA: Syndicate your wine blog by connecting it to the WineCHATr.com community feed. Cheers! -- 
 HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!! Bwahhhhahahahahah...
      - Thanks for spreading the word about WBC-or-BUST. Cheers!  
 Wine Enthusiast announces winners of 09 Wine Star Awards -- Man of the Year: Ted Baseler   -- 
 {Wine Bloggers} -- Blog your way into a ticket to ride the WBC-or-BUST: Road to Walla Walla --     
 Wines to watch from Cab Classic --  Cab Franc & Claret,  Cab Sauv,  Champoux Cab, & 
 Good chattin with   &  at the cab classic event.
 Cruisin the cab classic event takin it all in. Mmmm...Cab!
