 Happy Friday! I hope you have a wonderful, fun-filled summer weekend.
 Trim or welt piping in a contrasting color on furniture or pillows gives your piece a finishing touch and more... 
  
 Home Styling Tip: Group your artwork. 6 prints in a grid makes a bolder, clearer statement than the pieces scattered around the room.
 RT  What you do today can improve all your tomorrows. - Ralph Marston
 When Renovation Is Overkill 
 Creating the best  buy what you love and group things together that make you happy and reflect you
 RT   - Amy Ahonen is still missing Please continue to tweet about her. t.co/R7Hutqn  
 I luv banquettes! RT  banquette is  gr8 space-saver. & who doesn't enjoy a pretty window seat? 
 Safety and function are so important in bathroom remodels. If you get that right, you can layer the beauty on top  
 Choose energy star rated appliances, which are 10-15% more efficient than other models.  
 Design Tip: There are so many hard surfaces in a bathroom. Balance with softness thru window treatments or an upholstered stool.
 Happy Friday! Thanks for liking Beautiful Habitat!
 RT   celebrates 60 years of colorful contributions   
 Don’t forget to budget for landscaping. Think of the views as an extension of your beautifully decorated space  
 Chairs as art and statement pieces: 
 Decorating tip: A table arrangement should rise and fall. If everything is at the same height, it’s boring.
 A beautiful fused glass light fixture to add drama to any home:... 
 "Be faithful to your own taste because nothing you really like is ever out of style." Billy Baldwin  Homedecor
 Experiment w/ difft shapes & colors of lamp shades 2 cmpletly change  look of an old lamp or customize a basic/inexpensive lamp 
 me neither RT  Special Time  - Thursdays never work for me!    (cont) 
 A lighted yard extends the indoors  night. The lit views become part of the interiors to enjoy  
 RT  Roomations Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via  
 “Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again.” ~Joseph Campbell
 RT  in one year, all the atoms in our body have been exchanged. Anything is possible on a cellular level. I'm putting in my  ...
  I'm seeing gold in lots of lovely places. Can't wait to see 
 Thanks for the recent RT's and happy Friday!      
 Some say that gold is back in  It can certainly warm up a room. Do you agree?
 RT  Let us help you achieve the ultimate chic look. Learn how to decorate with the right type of art for your home: http:/ ...
 If you are fortunate to have great molding around your windows, use inside-mount window treatments.  
 How to decorate w/ bold "happy " colors: covered so far: yellow, lime , purple, orange    decor
 RT  Tired of the same old interior design trends? Looking for inspiration? Check out this Mid-Century Modern style guide! ...
 An area rug over flooring will define a conversation or dining area or create an entry space.  
 Decorate your home with yin & yang: mix bold and subtle, luxury with inexpensive.
 RT  We love the warm tones of this dining room. It’s exotic yet classic. 
 Varying the height & depth of standard upper cabinets gives your  a custom look   
  Me too! we have 3 lower drawers, but wish it were more. Next time...
 Drawers are physically easier on bodies than lower cabinets. Consider drawers when remodeling your kitchen.  
 Carpets can be big ticket items. Unless you are doing something special, keep it simple to keep the budget down.... 
 
 Happy Colors post for today: Yellow! 
 Not sure why my posts aren't including photos...
 Happy Colors | Yellow 
 Happy Colors | Yellow 
 Bold and bright fabrics to inspire you... 
 Don’t know what colors to decorate your home? Look in your closet to find your preferences and what compliments you.
 a little kid-friendly, yet stylish      
 “All architecture is shelter, all great architecture is the design of space that contains, cuddles, exalts… (cont) 
 Today's post - a little kid-friendly home decor:  
 Are you taller or shorter than average? U can find comfortable  w/o going custom. The keys: depth of seat & angle of the back
 RT  RT  The real  Park,  - Area map  // The Mayor's trip to Southpark http: ...
 Here comes the rain somewhere between  and    Glad I'm back in the office for a few house to ride it out.
 Happy Friday! What are your plans for the weekend?
 “All architecture is shelter, all great architecture is the design of space that contains, cuddles, exalts, or... 
 RT  RT  Make Your Rooms Look Better With A Focal Point  
 In case you've missed it - check out our series on decorating your home with "Happy Colors"   
  *offer
  Best off I've had all day.   cocktail and join the  chat...
 “The desire for symmetry, for balance, for rhythm is one of the most inveterate of human instincts.” ~Edith Wharton
  I'm an interior designer, so I give a nursery design well before the shower to help them plan and register
 Focus on quality over quantity. A quality piece will last for generations and can be reupholstered or repurposed.  
    Thanks for the RT's. Have a fab week!
 RT  Always a great time happening in Downtown  !  
 RT  The sky-high cost of insurance stifles entrepreneurship. How can the health care system better meet the needs of small biz own ...
 Forgot a room on my Lime & Apple green post. Check it out here:  
 RT  Part 3 in our Happy Colors Series: Using Lime &Apple Green in ur home    
 Part 3 in our Happy Colors Series: Lime and Apple Green... 
 I've been gone from twitter for a while. What have I missed?
  with happy colors. Today's pick: Orange.    
 RT  Happy National Bikini Day, everyone! 
 RT  Color Splash! Bold Green over at    
   If your furniture is not against the walls and visible from the backs or sides, make sure those an… (cont) 
 “Luxury must be comfortable, otherwise it is not luxury. “  Chanel
 Happy Friday!
 Candice Olson talks about cork flooring in the kitchen:  
 RT  {Star Studded Furnishings}     Thanks to Tennille!
 Star Studded Furnishings| Guest Post 
 Even if renovating or remodeling seems like just a dream, keep a notebook of things you like to draw inspiration... 
 Even if renovating or remodeling seems like just a dream, keep a notebook of things you like to draw inspiration... 
 Decorating Tip: Don’t know what colors to decorate your home? Look in your closet to find your preferences and what compliments you.
 Home Decorating Tip: Sample a bold look in your powder room or dining room. You spend less time there, so won’t be... 
 
 If you always buy things you LOVE, they will usually work together.  Don’t settle for less. You deserve a beautiful home.
 We've been making changes on the Beautiful Habitat website. Check it out and let me know what you think. I... 
 “Good (interior) design does not have to be jaw-dropping – it just has to feel good” ~ Jim Howard
 The second in our Happy Colors Series: Orange.  
 If you are fortunate to have great molding around your windows, use inside-mount window treatments to show them... 
 Decorating Tip: Group your collections or similar pieces together for a bigger impact in a room.
 "Summer Day" by Benjamin Moore. How would you use this color in your home? 
 Tomorrow is the first day of summer. What are your big plans this year?
 Are you taller or shorter than average? You can find comfortable furniture without going custom. The keys are the... 
 Inspired by your Happy Colors last week, the first Happy Color post - Purple.... 
 Design Tip: When in doubt about design & décor choices, ask "does this room help me be the right self at the right time?”
 "Be faithful to your own taste because nothing you really like is ever out of style" ~ Billy Baldwin (Interior Designer)
 Create drama and different moods – add dimmers to your lights. Easy fix = big impact.  
  The hairstyle all look about the same. Boring.
 When designing kids rooms, avoid long drapes and wall hangings. They can be pulled down or become tangled – sa… (cont) 
 Friday Fun: What color makes you the happiest?
 Happy Friday and thanks so much for hanging out with Beautiful Habitat!
 Focus on quality over quantity. A quality piece will last for generations and can be reupholstered or repurposed.  
 Genius! RT  Now we're talking! RT  Ceiling Fans...In Disguise! 
 RT  Trina Turk's indoor/outdoor fabrics for Schumacher are simply stunning!   
 "I long, as does every human being, to be at home wherever I find myself." ~ Maya Angelou
   4 extra large or tall rooms, try higher backs on  chairs & sofa to better balance the scale & create a cozy feel 
 I love finding so many great  businesses and people here
 Love it or Leave it | Red Patterned Bedroom 
 RT   fab advice but I like mixing high street & designer- same as my wardrobe RT 'on budget for decor- buy sl ...
  I agree 100%. But I find when people DIY, most stuff they buy is on the cheap side instead of investing in more quality.
 On a budget for  and  Buy slowly, even one piece at a time, but buy the best you can afford.
 RT  NEW Real Nursery Tour! Hope you <3 this South Florida Whimsical Chic nursery as much as I do. 
 Design &   Group your collections or similar pieces together for a bigger impact in a room.  
 “ There are 3 responses to a piece of design – yes, no, and WOW! Wow is the one to aim for.” – Milton Glaser
 Tips to Brighten and Lighten Your Home for Summer 
 Thank you for the  and Rt love. Happy Friday!    
 Beautiful Habitat and friends are taking part in the Relay For Life on June 10, to raise money for the American... 
 The latest completed project - Nursery for one sweet little boy. Check out more in the before & after album. 
 A well-developed plan and concept sets apart fine interior design from interiors that lack harmony and flow.... 
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "Before & After" 
 Framed Objects as Wall Art {Guest Post} 
 Got kids and pets? Be realistic about how much wear and tear a room will take when you plan your purchases  
 I'm addicted to 
 Grouping family photos: use frames in one material to avoid visual clutter and focus on the beautiful images   
 Great  for  and  inspiration    
 What to do in  this weekend? Check out the  Green Home. Sneak peak of tour here   
 Enhance your home’s ambiance by varying ceiling heights. It creates definition to spaces, visual interest an… (cont) 
 Brushed metal hides finger prints, scratches and dust better than shiny surfaces.  
 RT  The sun is out, the birds are chirping, and everything is just so darn GREEN! What a wonderful time to take a... htt ...
  it was a great run. Thanks for asking! 
 RT  Interior Design Trends is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     ...
 Sample a bold look in ur powder, dining or guest room. U spend less time there, so won’t B overwhelmed. Tip … (cont) 
 RT  Over clients buying huge houses that they can't afford 2 decorate. Buy smaller & increase design/decorating = live la ...
 LOL! RT  Bringing Tuscany home from Lowe's is like eating Italian food at Olive Garden. 
 Me too. It looks nothing like Tuscany.RT    honest, I was over Tuscan 'Old World' before it began  
 Nantucket style nautical is too much. I like a nod to nautical, not so overdone 
 So True! RT  As I always say, "Live with what you love". Rooms that don't say who lives there are no fun. 
 Typography. Don't tell me to "eat" in the kitchen or "dream in the bedroom or "live laugh love" anywhere 
 AMEN! RT  I'm so over "trends", "color of the year" etc - use what you love and not what's "in" 
 RT  I am so tired of seeing the same old print in every modern shot... keep calm and carry on needs to move along.  ...
 What do you recommend in place of stainless appliances? RT  I'm over granite and stainless steel in the kitchen. 
 ME TOO! RT   Couldn't agree more! I'm so over Tuscan. 
 "An interior is the natural projection of the soul."  
 “Not on one strand are all life's jewels strung. “ William Morris
    Thank you for your RT's. have a wonderful afternoon!
 RT  Diva Thrift Tip: If your napkins match your table cloth always wash them at the same time or else one ends up fading bef ...
 RT  RT  Where does ur city rank among America's fittest? If you're the physically activ...  
 Renovating? Spend money where YOU will appreciate it. Don’t obsess about resale value   
  tips for using bold or dark wall colors in your home    
  I believe it! I could be so much more productive without it
 For extra large or tall rooms, try higher backs on chairs and sofa to better balance the scale and create a cozy feel  
 Finally - no wind and no rain today so I can get in a good long training run w/o the dreadmill  
 Bold & Beautiful Bedroom: 
 Great new use for zippers - lamp shades.: 
  Tip: Brown suggests stability and weight. It’s a great color for studies, but is not recommended for bedrooms.
 If yr  is not against walls & visible from the backs or sides, make sure those angles R upholstered well & look as gr8 as front
 Great ?!! RT   blogs: What makes a blog stand out to you and makes you come back? 
  RSS and read at leisure 
 Agree! RT  My fav blogs have large photos a max of 6 per post & not a ton of content! 
 Hello  Glad I can pop in today. What's the topic?
 RT   got it's fair share of "Million Dollar Listings." Take a peek inside of these fancy digs. 
  tip: Double mat your photos or artwork with a fun color on the inside mat. It adds so much to the artwork  
 Don’t forget to budget for landscaping. Think of the views as an extension of your beautifully decorated space  
 RT  The first ArtWalk of the season is tomorrow! Head down to historic downtown Longmont for a free evening of art... ht ...
 RT  High gloss paint- "It's like Botox for furniture".~ Jamie Herzlinger : )
 If you’ve got low ceilings, encourage the eye up: paint the ceiling, taller furniture, hang art & window treatments higher 
 The longer the design style lasts, the further you've stretched your remodeling dollar. Start with a good plan! 
 RT  It is easier to give love if you get love from your surroundings. Do you love your interiors? 
 Nothing spruces up a master suite as quickly and easily as crisp new sheets or fluffy new towels. Treat yourself!   
 RT  Interiors Digest is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     ...
 RT  I'm on OPRAH Radio tomorrow, on the Lisa Oz show, talking about “Finding Your Passion” Wed  4:00a.m & 12:00p.m on Siriu ...
 Ludwig Mies van der Rohe once famously said, “God is in the details”. Incorporate the details into your  
  Tip: Keep brooms/mops out of sight; prefer upside down. Keeps intruders out & prevents  family's livelihood frm being swept away
    Thank you for the RT's. Hope you have a wonderful day!
 When moving house, use sheets, towels and blankets to pad items instead of using disposable packing supplies.   
 Ever notice that fluorescent  makes people look sickly? Pink lights do the opposite. Try pink bulbs or tinted shades. 
  tip: Fill empty corner w/ branches in a large vase or container, then uplight w/ a small spotlight. Look is dramatic 
 Check out  bench w/ a unique design added w/nail heads, taking it from boring to custom easy    
  Sounds so good on a cloudy, cold day like this!
 A lighted yard extends the indoors  night. The lit views become part of the interiors to enjoy  
 What to do in  this weekend?  Tour the  green home Stapleton. Highlights here   
 Check out a  bench with a unique nail head trim design, taking it from boring to custom   
 RT  Friday the 13th post: 10 Unusual Ways to Frame Pictures art via .   ...
 Friday Fun: Kitchen island made of legos. Think out of the box in your home   
 RT  10 things to do for $10 this weekend? Why, yes:   
  Hear you! I'm supposed 2 train 4 the  and another 1/2 marathon, but it's 2 miserable 2 run outside! Miss the sun.
 Swoon is right - lovely! RT  Just dropped off this Madeline Weinrib runner to a client ~ swoon!!  
 Enjoy today while we have sun!! RT  Ugh... another yucky & rainy weekend in store!  Can't we get a break???  
 Whats going on in  and  this weekend? 
 RT  Our future clients: "For the young, there's a silver lining in the housing bust"   (via 
 RT  I was impressed with Moby's eye for simple elegance in this slideshow of his Hollywood Hills mansion:  ...
 Low flow toilets save 4 gallons per flush – important in  high, dry climate 
   ranks  place for happiness in US on CBS  But we're not surprised :)
 Have you see the  green home in  I toured it last week. Highlights here   
 Don't know my legs for the  yet, but time to train anyway. Got in 6 miles today.   
 If the side of a bookcase is visible when you enter a room, use it as wall space and hang artwork.  
  where I opened up views, framed with window treatments to bring outside in - pretty view   
 Agree!  RT  after all this chat about the outdoors! i thinka  grill out is necessary tonight! 
 Created a succulent garden 3 yrs ago. Killed it within weeks :( RT   I can even kill a succulent.... 
 RT  A3 the most impt way to bring outdoors in is to create compelling views. 
  Q3 - great outdoor lighting the brings outdoors in at night. Lighted back yard extends the indoors 
  Yes it is. Long way to chase a sofa! 
  I have a hammock and it is my favorite place to be all summer. Big enough for whole family 
  Q3 - great outdoor lighting the brings outdoors in at night. Lighted back yard extends the indoors 
 In a very windy area, so outdoor decor is a challenge. Client had whole teak sofa blow off patio & partly down the mnt  Ideas? 
 RT  Outdoor lighting is also a key ingredient to entertaining in the evenings.  Path lights help to keep guests safe.   ...
 Can stop in for a bit of  today. Been awhile since I could. What's the topic today?
 RT  Looking to celebrate Cinco de Mayo? Find great choices at   PLEASE BE SAFE... DON'T DRINK ...
 Happy Cinco de Mayo! Some recipes to help you celebrate:  
 Feng Shui tip: dont use 2 much red in a bdrm. The yang energy is 2 active & will disturb zzz. But a little tou… (cont) 
 Have you seen the May cover of  It has a banquette! I love banquettes    
 RT  Check us out over  on tips for customizing your  with fabrics   ...
 Clever  crayon artwork via  Great for adults and kids alike 
 Every room should have 1-3 focal points, in a hierarchy. Too many focal points make a room feel cluttered. No hierarchy makes it confusing.
 5 pet problems solved with creative interior design  litter box, food storage, beds & more   
  & decoration isn't just for the wealthy, it's like fashion, everyone wants to participate and can!
 RT  It's lush & green outside. Do you want your home to match? We're loving these spring-green pieces: 
  Let us know your thoughts on it. I am coordinating with a friend to see this weekend or early next week. Looks amazing.
  I have heard of I AM and hope to see it soon. Have you seen it?
 Tips for customizing your  with fabrics    
 Check out these luxe celebrity homes in   
  Thank you for the RT
 Got kids, but want to use your dining room? Leather or vinyl upholstery is easy to clean and virtually indestructible  
 RT  Some Lucky Person will win this home, but only if the enter!    
 Focus on quality over quantity. A quality piece will last for generations and can be reupholstered or repurposed.  
  Glad you had a great day. I didn't make it to garden store, but did get things prepped 4 new flowers. Happy for 
 RT  Happy 80th Birthday Empire State Building: 
 Wow - where did April go? 
 RT  The Lorts Manufacturing Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    ...
 What happened to all the rain we were supposed to get this weekend in  
 RT  Flip-Flop Replay! Recycle old flip-flops at any Old Navy store.  will turn them into playgrounds!  ...
 RT  1 out of ever 8 people are hungry   
 Brilliant uses of the color Yellow for your    
 Some Spring inspiration for your weekend: Inspiring Images – Chelsea Flower Show    
  Was thinking the same thing - perfect day to get some colorful flowers in the pots and pretty up the porch. Love 
 Sadly, I feel ths of my coffee table: “The bitterness of poor quality remains long after the sweetness of low price is forgotten” 
 I've returned from my trip to  Read about it here  and get some inspiration for your 
 Just heard a brilliant quote : “The bitterness of poor quality remains long after the sweetness of low price is forgotten” 
 “What’s practical is beautiful...and suitability always overrules fashion.” Billy Baldwin  
 RT  Everyone deserves beautiful design! RT  Copper finish industrial faucet at Premier Copper  http: ...
 What  makes you happiest?  Do you use it in your wardrobe or  
 RT  Recovery is recovery, rocky or not! 
 I've returned from my trip to Budapest. Read about it here  and get some inspiration for  & 
 Spring-inspired Interior Design   
 Agreed! RT  Thanks for the great  tips      
 Recently bought very cute patterned napkins at  Even better doubled up with a solid. Will send photos soon 
 Great idea!! Will do at next party RT  Fun to keep camera out so your guests can capture what u miss 
 Was great to be back on the  chat today. Missed you all. Hope I can join again soon!
  Great idea - the mister and I are a little to casual for dinner at home, too. 
  Q5 - sadly, no. So caught up in the party that I forget about photos 
 RT  Great idea! RT   I make napkins myself - cheap pretty fabrics and pinking shears (no need to hem) 
 Inject your party with glamor, dress up! That includes YOU & your table, too.  
 RT  Nothing worse than an overused wet towel in the bathroom. Use water-absorbent disposable napkins instead. 
 Agree! RT  Agree! Paper, as long as it compliments the aesthetic is only okay for apps  (cont) 
  LOL with 26 people for 3 days, that would be WAY too much laundry - paper is permissible :) 
 RT  edible flower arrangements?? those fruit ones! love it RT  edible decor is great too  
 A4 - always cloth napkins, never paper 
   A4 Candles, candles, candles 
 RT  I like to have everything in place long before guests come so I can sit down & relax wit… (cont) 
   A3 I always include veggies and some gluten free options  when I have a large group 
 RT  Q1  try getting your guests INVOLVED in making the party. Pick a theme that makes it easy to host! -R 
  Being in  I like warm weather and outdoor parties best, but we still manage in winter 
 Very excited I can be a part of  today after months with a time conflict
 WTF, indeed! RT  For the evening crowd - our 'WTF Friday' post: 
 RT  I'm loving all Tax Day  freebies & Specials. There are many more, but here's a good start...
 RT  Interiors Digest is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     ...
 Coming home to happy dogs is the best.
 Ceilings are the most neglected surfaces in  Here are ideas to liven your up!   
 The most neglected surface in rooms: ceilings. Inspiration for paint and finishes on ceilings   
 RT  Cozy & Close: Denver Bed and Breakfast Picks 
 I've had way too much caffeine this morning. Compensating for the gray skies.  
  Thank you for the RT. Hope you're having a great week!
 Thank you! RT  Great DESIGN Follows      
 If you are fortunate to have great molding around your windows, use inside-mount window treatments.  
 Drawers R physically easier on us than bending down to lower cabinets. Consider adding more drawer storage in a kitchen or bath 
 A very creative Kitchen island made of legos  Would you use legos in your house? 
  I lived in London for a few years, now based in Denver, Colorado
 Mixing in a few decorative tiles makes a space look custom & expensive without breaking the bank   
 Happy weekend blog post:  Cool new wall coverings are industrial chic  
 “To be happy at home is the ultimate result of all ambition” ~ Samuel Johnson
 Spring is in the Air. Inspiring Images from the Chelsea Flower Show  
 Remodeling a kitchen or bath? See the latest & greatest in surfacing (tile, stone, etc) trends for inspiration 
 RT  Spring Green trend     
 RT  24 hours until we reveal the Impact Foundation's charity home makeover to the family! Studio M is a major sponsor & provid ...
 Cover the back of plain shelving with fun wallpaper, or a faux skin vinyl  
 Happy beautiful friday in  Have a great weekend.
 Going green in yr home cn B overwhelming. Keep yr focus on wht U cn do & realize it's ok not 2 do everything… (cont) 
 RT  Feng Shui Tip: CRANK UP THE VOLUME! Play loud happy music for 10 min once a week to clear out old stale energies an ...
 Happy  blog post:  Cool new wall coverings are industrial chic  
 RT  Multi-task stuff, not people. Look someone in the eye when you speak with them. Shake their hand when you meet.
 “Every artist was at first an amateur” Ralph Waldo Emerson 
  Thank you for the follow and RT today. Great to meet you!
  Bookends   ideas
 Enjoying lunch on the patio with beautiful weather in 
 Double mat your photos & artwork with a fun color on the inside mat. It adds so much to the artwork, makes it custom.  
 Yesterday was national No Housework Day. Now that we're back to it, some  to care for your   
  Me too. Need some fixes 2 new website/blog. It's hard enough 2 keep up on other blogs when everything works
  I understand that completely. Glad you are enjoying it.
  How has the blogging been? Are you enjoying?
  Yes, it has. Temps are rising and the landscapes are greening. Will be beautiful in few weeks. Love it.
  Would like to participate on  again. Hopefully soon, but clients always come first :)
  I'm also great, just very busy (good thing). I've had a weekly client mting during the  chat for last 2 months
  How are you? We haven't been on twitter at the same time much lately. Hope you are well!
 My   hates thunderstorms. Has anyone tried desensitizing with thunderstorm soundtracks and positive reinforcement? success?
 Great  &  tweeters. Check out    
 Continue colors, elements, or details throughout your home to create continuity between different spaces   
  Thank you for checking in. I am working on a "job description" and priorities of areas I need help. Hope to complete this week
 Use eggshell or satin paint finish 4 a washable surface w/o a high sheen. It's easier 2 wash a smudged wall than to touch up paint 
 Heading to  nuggets game
 When decorating a room, think about how it’s going to age and continue to fit you and your lifestyle over time. 
 Want a quick & easy change in your  Buy an inexpensive lampshade and paint it in a bold color  
 Want to add a touch of Spring to your  a round up of light and happy rooms to inspire:   
 Yes - Luv  RT  Holy napkin ring, batman! 3 ideas R quick, fun, cheap & yes,brag-worthy. wld U try them? 
 Latest trends in  tile: Go Bigger. Larger sizes, larger patterns for dramatic floors & walls  
 RT  Should you design your room around your art, or choose your art based on your room? Either, as long as both live harmoni ...
 Cover the back of plain shelving with fun wallpaper, or a faux skin vinyl to customize the piece  
  We do need it. Happy that snow is falling at my house again.
 Fun facts I learned about  today: avg elevation is 6800 ft above sea level & 3/4 of the US land above 10,000 ft in is 
  Yes it is! Some days I lose hours online!
  Good for you!
 It might be an unpopular opinion with my fellow  residents, but I say let it snow!
 RT  Training for a 5K? A Marathon? Or just love running? Try these yoga exercises for longer, stronger, faster runs: ht ...
 The longer the design style lasts, the further you've stretched your remodeling dollar. Start with a good plan! 
 Designer Tips for decorating bookcases and shelves   
  Thank you for letting me know. I'm not sure what's going on with my blog site.
 designing kids rooms, avoid long drapes & wall hangings. They can B pulled down or  tangled – safety before beauty! 
 Regular vacuuming makes your beautiful décor last much longer– furniture, draperies and lampshades.   
 RT  Three ways to win the  Tote   But only til Sunday. Please tell a friend!
  I'm a little jealous, honestly. Not to that point in my day... Yet
  Thank you the the RT's, too.  Have a great weekend. We have sunshine & beautiful weather in store, so looking forward to it!
  tip: Fill an empty corner w/ branches in a large vase or container, then uplight with a small spotlight. The look is dramatic.
 RT  Botanicals in Decor 
 Nothing spruces up a master suite as quickly & easily as crisp new sheets or fluffy new towels. Treat yourself.  
 Feng Shui Tip: Keep your curtains open during the day as much as possible to encourage positive chi to enter.
 RT  Interiors Digest is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     ...
  Yes, Let's connect there, too: 
 New blog post: innovate glass surfaces for your kitchen or bathroom design projects  
 4 low ceilings, encourage the eye up: paint the ceiling, taller furniture, hang art & window treatments higher  
  Thank you for the RT. Have  a wonderful evening
  I planted them in our old house, but not here. I think about it each spring, tho
  Thank you for the RT. Have a great afternoon/evening!
 I've always loved the simplicity of tulips. RT  So what's YOUR favorite flower?
 Feng Shui Tip: Use blue, especially blue/greens, in the N to attract business success, and in the E to enhance family, harmony, & health
 2 sofas facing each other rarely works. Creates alleyway 2 walk thru & it's uncomfortable sitting directly across from another 
 “They say that nobody is perfect. Then they tell you practice makes perfect. I wish they'd make up their minds.” Winston Churchill 
 Amen to that!! RT  Do what you love and you’ll never work a day.
  oooooh brownies do sound good this morning
 Found an old copy of western interiors magazine. Miss it. Was my favorite after moving to 
 RT  there's something in the water bc chevron stripes are EVERYWHERE. this dresser uses a subtle version 4 a great makeove ...
  wish you could send it our way. We are super dry in 
  dresser looks great!
 My house is finally put back together after 2 weeks of projects. Relief. Helps me empathize with my clients, tho!  
  Me too. But the do-ers are a whole lot harder to find!
 Amen! Do u have one of those? RT  Nobody needs a social media consultant. They need someone who can get social media done.
  Great to connect!
 New blog post: innovate glass surfaces for your  projects  Ribbon Glass from 
 4 a casual dining room, a round or square table instead of a trad rectangle. Use benches instead of dining chairs. 
 American  Kenneth Bordewick selected to Design the home for Prince William and Kate Middleton: 
 RT  Here's a peek at some bathroom designs...some are beautiful, some are fun, all are inspiring! The first one with... ht ...
 Really?  Great! RT  Oh my goodness! H&M is opening a store in 
 Even if renovating or remodeling seems like  a dream, keep a notebook of things u like 2 draw inspiration from later  
  Thank you foe the RT. Have a great week!
  for choosing paint color    
  Agree! I have great slate coasters. There are some beautiful art glass options as well.
 I won't be making it to  I'm going to Budapest instead. Seemed like a reasonable trade. See you in 2012
 I need to get back on a good running schedule. 2 mornings of snow is not helping   
 Safety and function are so important in bathroom remodels. If you get that right, you can layer the beauty on top  
 RT  Shoppers who make "quick trips" 2 the store purchase 54% more stuff than planned. B a savvy shopper: 
 Renovating? Spend money where YOU will appreciate it. Don’t obsess about resale value   
 Recently installed Roman Shades in fun  fabric   
 “Have nothing in your house that you do not know to be useful, or believe to be beautiful. “ William Morris 
 Summary of tile trends from  trade show via Decorative Materials in  Amazing new products  
 “The real questions are: Does it solve a problem? Is it serviceable? How is it going to look in ten years?”  
  Thank you! I'll check out your site now and be in touch. I know I need the help.
 Bamboo is generally less expensive than trad hardwood floor, but it is mid price when 4 cabinetry &  4 more: 
 Great  meeting at  tonight
 Tips for taking your upholstery from boring to unique but timeless      
 "Be faithful to your own taste because nothing you really like is ever out of style. " Billy Baldwin 
  Thanks for the tip!
 Where is the best place to find a virtual assistant?
 RT  today's final before & after is a beautiful bedroom makeover with gorgeous painted (and weathered) floors: . ...
 Love the Highlands neighborhood! RT  Spend a day exploring one of  coolest neighborhoods: 
 Cabinet hardware is like jewelry for your home. Accessorize!   
 Got kids and pets? Be realistic about how much wear and tear a room will take when you plan your purchases  
 Household plants can soften a room or liven up an empty corner, but also help remove toxins from the air.   
  Absolutely!
  tip: Don't decorate (esp the bedroom) w/ dried flowers, branches or grasses. These dead items creat… (cont) 
 “Creativity takes courage.” Henri Matisse
 I'm way too exhausted for it to only be Tuesday. I blame daylight savings.
 Every room should have 1-3 focal points, in a hierarchy. Too many focal points make a room feel cluttered. No hierarchy=confusion 
 I've updated the  album with fun new projects. check it out and let me know what you think  
  It's been about 2 weeks, but agree 100%!: Best thing I've eaten in the last 24 hours: Bistro Vendôme's frites 
 Check out my new profile on      
 Spring is in the air! What are your goals for Spring 2011?
 Great show! RT  Sarah's House Full Episodes     
 Photos from Friday's window treatment installation     
 RT  Whoa! Look at this kitchen island - it disappears under the floor! 
   sadly I haven't been in a few years but it was worth a visit then
   last time I shopped was when I lived in London and quality was pretty good. But even Gap was better over there
  agree! They'd more than cover their costs just with my purchases after my deprivation
  I miss Zara. Relocated to a city without (sigh)
 RT   yes! That is the one. Don't tell me to dream in the bedroom or eat in the kitchen=thanks, I got it. No t ...
