 Do you love the ballroom? Let everyone know. Just jump on Yelp and review us and you can get two free comps for... 
 Catch World Cup Fever!!!! We will be opening at 11:30am on sunday! Grab a beer and a slice, and cheer for our Women's team!
 The sun may not be shining, but we are. Come on down and let us pour you some booze.
 Stop by for a beer after the fireworks. We are open!
 opening at noon today. stop by for a slice between bands.
 Three days and counting.
 Congrats graduates! Hope to see you letting of all that steam on the dancefloor tonight!
 RT:  please RT  A 15 year old girl with terminal cancer wants to trend on Twitter. Let's make it happen. 
 Ten days till solstice. See you on the patio! Outside bar opens at 10am.
 Ms Melinda will be rocking the outside bar this afternoon. Come down and get yourself a cool cocktail on a hot seattle day.
 Alright all you seattleites. The sun is shining. Patio opens at 3p and the patio bar opens at 5p. Come on down... 
 It's Memorial Day, you have the day off and the sun is out (sort of). What should you do? Come down to the... 
 Why yes, we do have a DJ tonight. And no cover. Come on by and celebrate on Memorial day eve. I know you aren't working tomorrow!
 Tonight Only. Military ID gets you in free before 11p. Come on down!
 Well, you survived the rapture...why not come out and celebrate?!
 RT  Retweet to win 2 FREE tix to the  game this Sunday!   
 Another sunny day!? Looks like Summer is finally starting to arrive. Happy hour's from 3-7, and the patio is always open!
 Its Friday. Get down here early and beat the cover. We will be waiting for you!
 where will you be on cinco de mayo? You should probably swing by the ballroom after. No Cover all night and $4 Absolut drinks!
 Recovering from 4/20? Come on down for ladies night. $4 Absolut deals and NO COVER. Cant beat that.
 I posted 8 photos on Facebook in the album "good times" 
 Its Absolut Ladies Night, thats right. NO COVER all night long. Come down for $4 Absolut drinks!
 Troll Stroll is just around the corner. Dont miss out. Saturday is going to be rocking in Fremont!
 I posted 12 photos on Facebook in the album "Cleaning Day" 
 The sun is shining. Patio opens at 4p. Come have a nice glass of vinho verde.
 Join us for March Maddness all weekend. And for dancing all night!
 is open at 9am on Sunday 20th March for the UW game. Come on down!
 TRIVIA!!!!! tonight at 9p. $4 Jamesons. Can't beat that. Get your jump start for St Patty's Day.
 Yes, it will be raining all week. Come enjoy our covered patio and warm up by the fire.
 Join the mayhem in Fremont this Sat. It is a great cause and lots of fun is sure to be had. Become an "official"... 
 Ladies night tonight. Absolut Drink Specials. DJ Tamm all night. and NO COVER. Come on down!
 Mardi Gras.
 The weekend is finally here. Get down early and beat the cover. We will be waiting for you!
 Thats right. Every Thursday is ladies night here at the Ballroom. DJ Tamm spins all night. $4 Absolut drink... 
 Its Thursday. That means DJ Tamm spins all night and NO COVER.
 Great event tonight furing our trivia to raise money for foster kids. Come on down and enjoy! 
 Need a Valentine? Ive heard we are a great place to pick one up. Come try us.
 DJ Tamm this Thursday. NO COVER all night long. Get down here!
 Sweet live painting/auction/snowboard event. Check it out 
 SUPER BOWL SUNDAY IS NEAR. Do you know where you will be watching?
 Just about one more week until Super Bowl. Tommy Williams will be back to dish out some Football Trivia Prizes.... 
 The weekend is here. Come shake it with DJ Tamm.
 Its 5:00 somewhere. Come on down for a pint!
 what up fremonsters? the rain is coming, warm up by our cozy fire pits and enjoy one of our warm winter cocktails. yummy.
 Seahawk pride in pure Fremont fashion 
 we are open early all weekend for football. Come on down and enjoy watching the games with us!
 Thank you for a great 11 years!
 is turning 11 today. Come down and celebrate with me!
 Yes, New Orleans, we just did that. Ye-ah!!!!!!!!!!
  
 Yes, we are opening early for the seahawks playoff game. Come on down. Happy Hour all day until 7pm.
 RT  My new  DVD  is available on Amazon right now! Get after it! 
 Thank you all for a great year in 2010. Cant wait to party with you in 2011!
 Seahawks are heading to the playoffs, Huskies dominate a bowl game! I like 2011!
 Happy New Year!
 Dawgs are playing tonight in the Holiday Bowl...stop what you're doing right now and start getting weird! 
 Last chance to get pre-pay for NYE. Come on down to the bar today or tomorrow and get your tickets. Lots of good stuff in store!
 Who's ready for some Tuesday Night Football tonight! Man saying that never gets old... 
 Merry Christmas!
 Of course we are open. Come on down and enjoy Christmas eve with us. We open on Christmas night (Sat) at 8pm as... 
 Trivia Night! What does the narrator describe the leg lamp as in the movie A Christmas Story? 
 Car hit's SLUT...well you know what I mean 
 Who deserves to start Sunday against the Bucs? 
 schools out, come party with me!
 Someone offers to buy you a drink. You A) Decline B) Accept and say anything is ok C) Accept and order a $15 cocktail 
 RT            ...
 Dear Mr. Balmer: Please bring back our   
 This still kills me 
 NYE is getting closer. Contact us for pre-pay info to avoid lines and secure a spot!
  , Contact us for pre-pay info to avoid lines and... 
 12 bars of christmas tonight. Not 1, but 2 pub crawls. Gonna get crazy, come on down!!
 In-A-Godda-Dorrito  
 Any got kickass New Years plans? If you feel like dancing we've got a spare cage...
 Come to "4th Annual NYE Black and White Masquerade Ball" Friday, December 31 from 8:00 pm to 11:00 pm. $25... 
 Trivia tonight at 9! Instead of a Trivia Question let's play Harmen Killebrew! It's a Pop Culture name game so if... 
 The Hornets might be on the move and Seattle is a contender! Basically what I am saying is that Alonzo Mourning... 
 Hey Hawks fans, thanks everyone for entering into the Seahawks contest, the winner went to the game yesterday and... 
 Its divey, but not staff infection divey
   & Washington State  come get rowdy for the  Cup! $5 Halftime Washington Apples! 
         
 We open tomorrow at 3:00 for the Apple Cup! Be proud and support your school, then get all weird on Washington Apples! 
 What are you doing for the Apple Cup this weekend? We've got 8 flat screens, pizza slices bigger than your head,... 
 We're drawing the winners today for the Seahawks ticket Sweepstakes! If you haven't entered yet you're almost out... 
  Men's  tips off in 30 minutes vs   State! Come in  fans!  
 2morrow we're drawing 4 our   tickets giveaway vs the     field 12/5!  
 Come in tonight to watch the  Husky basketball team violate Long Beach State at 8:00! 
 We're getting down to the wire for drawing our winner for two FREE tickets and a pizza party for the December 5th... 
 Holy Huskies...good job!
 The snow has melted. Come on down and burn off some of those thanksgiving carbs. DJ Tamm is sure to get your feet moving.
 Let's get Thanksgiving drunk!
 Enter to   tickets to the 12/5   game vs the   & a  party!  
 Come sit by our fire on our snow day....we have wifi....and beer!  We open at 4:00! 
 Ya know what goes good with snow...beer! 
 The Hawks may have looked  a little battered and bruised after Sunday's loss but the Hawks don't lose in... 
 Whats up all you party people? In town and looking for something to do on Wed night? It is thanksgiving eve after... 
 We're giving away 2  tickets to the   against the   & a pizza party!  
  My   would be Rob Reiner   
 Felix is King 
 We're giving away 2  tickets to the   against the   & a pizza party!  
 Head to our Sweepstakes tab to enter to win two FREE Hawks tickets and a pizza party for 8 friends on December 5th... 
 Trivia Wednesday Seahawks Style: Who was the intended receiver in the infamous Hawks/Packers overtime game that... 
 Win two   tickets for 12/5 against the   & a  party with 8 of your friends! 
 Win 2 Free   tickets & a pizza party for Dec. 5th against the     
 We're giving away 2 FREE   tix & throwing the winner a  party! Click here to enter!  
 The voice of our childhood...we love you Dave. 
 Want to win two free  tickets & a  party for 8 friends? Head here to enter!    
 Wednesday Trivia fools: Who was the only Seahawk to win a Pro-Bowl MVP? 
 Hey Seahawks fans...rumor is we might have come into some Holiday Seahawks tickets...stay tuned and you might be... 
  I guess it depends on the ratio of drunkenly consumed to no-drunkenly consumed...
 Hey Sounders Fans, come down for Playoff game and enjoy a few $2 PBRs!  See you there!
 Since Jesus Whitehurst is getting the start this Sunday I feel this video is more than appropriate. 
 Friday night baby! Play this song before you head out tonight and your night will for sure be better! 
  Thanks 
 Come for the trivia tonight at 9 and then stay for the stanky leggin' all night long! 
 Trivia tonight at 9! Let me get your brain warmed up...What movie is TJ Burke from? 
  Happy to be here!
  It's got to be State Fairs in the south...doesn't get much better than that
 Who is ready for Halloween weekend? Get down here early! Costume prizes tomorrow night!!
 The Giants look like they're going to take a 2-0 lead! Come in and tip one back for Big Time Timmy Jim! 
 What are you guys going to be for Halloween this year? 
 Huskies Tim Lincecum vs ex-Mariner's Cliff Lee...so this is what it sounds like when doves cry 
 World Series Lincecum vs Lee,Trivia, and Kube93 tonight...too much stimuli 
 Special Guests Trivia appearance by the one and only Tommy Williams tonight!!
  Hells yeah! We are so damn excited we giving away a   day including that will include the works, stay tuned
 The  aren't exactly sizzling right now, the defending champs are playing later tonight
 Tonight is the NBA Kickoff with Lebron's Heat playing against the Celtics! Come in and enjoy $2 PBRs all night! 
 Thirsty Thursdays are upon us! Come in tonight and shake what your mama gave ya, live DJ spinning all night... 
 Halloween is just around the corner. Come on down Saturday night, Oct 30th. $10 cover and DJ begin at 9p. Our... 
 Round 2 for Twisted Trivia tonight...all about sex. Don't miss this one!
 Trivia Wednesday tonight! Which "smooth" Sonic legend came out with his own brand of Wilcox Chocolate Milk? 
  Maybe, I'll float it by the GM but usually we not big on massive discounts even though I do personally love Tippr
 Monday Night Football and the ALCS right now! Come on down!
 TONIGHT!!!! TITS fundraiser for breast cancer. Great Cause and a Great Product. Come down, show your support and... 
 TONIGHT!!!! TITS fundraiser for breast cancer. Great Cause and a Great Product. Come down, show your support and... 
 Seattle residents, please check out 'Yes to 1100' and spread the word. Our industry thanks you!  (your wallet and... 
 Seattle residents, please check out yes to 1100 and spread the word. Our industry thanks you!  (your wallet and your liver too)
 Friday night is going down! DJ Tamm is gonna be dropping the cutz tonight like Dr. Nick Riviera.  Get in early to... 
 The Pumpkins are coming!          
 Set my DVR for StormChasers cuz I assumed it was a reality show about the floozies who try to hook up w/ Seattle Storm players 
 We have  v  now on all 6 42" Flat Screens!  is til 7 so we hope to see ya here!   
 Tonight trivia at 9, so bring your thinking caps or at least drink a lot (I always feel smarter when I'm drunk),... 
 Trivia Wednesday! What world was Big Land in Mario 3 for Nintendo? 
 Marshawn Lynch is reportedly a Seattle Seahawk now, traded for a 2011 4th round pick. 
 Patriots vs Dolphins tonight! Come watch Tom Brady's laday hair float in the South Beach wind over a slice and $2... 
 Your goal for tonight is to try and do this on the dance floor while DJ Tamm spins like a Maytag! 
 RT           
  night is heating up! Come shake your money maker and start practicing for the weekend!  
 Head in for happy hour pizza, drink specials, and Thursday night College Football! 
 Free ice cream down the street! Hazaaa! 
 Tonight for 300 Alex-Answer: This is going down in 30 minutes! Dude: What is Trivia/Drinking  
 Trivia tonight  9 then Dub B and DJ Martini bringing the house down! 
 Friday Night! Ladies lose those hoodies...dudes keep your shirts on while  drops beetz like a clumsy farmer!  
  is spinning like Brian Boitano tonight! Bring your dancing shoes and your A Game!    
 Trivia Wednesday tonight  9! Being that it's Oktoberfest this weekend, a beer question is in hand! How many... 
 Is there a Quarterback Controversy on the Seahawks? Who should be behind center for the Hawks? Hasselbeck?... 
 Come in and grab a slice, $2 Beer, and watch Ichiro keep his 200 hit season streak alive! 
  Not quite as romantic as the whole Princess Buttercup/Wesley relationship but much more believable
 Monday night football tonight! Saints vs Niners, come in and cheer for an NFC West loss!
 Tell DJ Tamm to play this song tonight....it'll get girls pregnant 
  The categories vary each week, $10 buy-in & great prizes, including lots of skrilla, sorry for not getting back 2 u sooner
 Trivia is about to down here soon! Afterwards Dirty Harry - Kube 93.3 is going to be rocking out all night!
 Trivia Wednesday! What is this guy's name? 
 Head in right now to watch the Storm make history! 
 Come enjoy a beer out on the deck tonight...not too many deck nights left. 
  touche
 Dear  . Please get a hat/helmet rivaling this  
 Monday Night Football tonight! $2 PBRS and FREE wifi to check your fantasy scores...definitely the cure for the... 
 DJ Tamm is gonna melt your face off tonight, come for pizza and happy hour and stay late to bring the... 
 Everyone pour out your Fun Dip and Cherry Coke tonight...Rich Cronin, the lead singer of LFO passed today...His... 
 Drinking Trivia tonight at 9:00 followed by rocking out with Kube 93's Dirty Harry! Trivia question: "I've acted... 
 Guessing this is something along the lines of Deliverance meets Deadliest Catch RT  I'm obsessed with the show river monsters!
  is spinning like a Tasmanian Devil right now...come in and get after it!
 3 nights of shaking this weekend. Come on down Fri or Sat for your top 40 fill. But dont miss Reggae this Sun. No... 
 Come grab a slice and the beer out on our deck for happy hour! Not sure how many of these we'll have left! 
 Head in tonight and watch DJ Warren make sweet sweet love to the turn tables! Don't worry, he'll use protection. 
 Wednesday Night trivia followed by Dirty Harry - Kube 93.3! Question: What was golfer Lee Trevino's only line in... 
 Congrats! RT  Thx to all that made it out last night to  for our 10 Year Reunion!  
  baby! 
  9:00 brutha! Get here now though cuz we have a Mirror Pond event going down 
 Tonight it's time to rock out with smock out with DJ Tamm! Gitafter it! 
 Kinda but w/ more drinking RT  They have 15 guys in back of  doing their Fantasy Football! Is this the new DnD!
 Dust off your loafers and rhinestone glove cuz it's time to get nasty tonight! DJ Warren is spinning and people... 
 knows that more than 352 people are fans of it. Get 10 of your friends to join, send me their names and you, yes... 
 Come in and grab a slice of pie...everyone's doing it! 
  Kids!        
 Music Monday...Get after it! 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 DJ Warren is spinning tonight! You might see some weird things tonight...like the "thizz dance" "Dougie" and the... 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 Dirty Harry tonight, 11pm. DOn't miss out. It is the first of many great Wednesday nights to come.
 Trivia Wednesday tonight! Then Dirty Harry - Kube 93.3 will be rockin' your socks off here starting at 10! 
 Don't forget tonight after   AKA KUBE 93's Dirty Harry will be holding it down here!  
 Well said Mr. Tate! RT  Think I just saw a tow truck towing another tow truck
 Did you just hear those two sonic booms go through  Here's a shot of them  
 Wonder what the odds of Obama coming in for a slice today are...we're prepared just in case.
 Untz untz untz untz! Get on the dance floor cuz  is spinning 
 Meth is tearing this country apart...see for yourself 
 Friday the 13th! Better start doing wind sprints to prepare... 
 DJ Warren is spinning like the 1st time you drank and dipped at the same time tonight! Git here and bring it!
 Live DJ tonight, no cover and people gettin pregant!
 New Trivia Wednesday! Who led off for the Mariners in August of their Refuse to Lose season? 
 Get ready for it. RT  Thursdays and Saturday's I'm at  in Fremont area of Seattle. 
 You know we're on Facebook, right? Like us. 
 Like award winning beer? Then check out our new foursquare special for great beer deals! 
 Don Wak you will be missed...come pour one out for the M's former skipper 
 Its a cloudy mon. Perfect day for a slice by the fire.
  
 I'm making it rain like Tom Jane right now!
 Its Friday night. Get down here early and beat the cover. Let's dance!
 When you see something you like in life...take it! 
 DJ Tamm gonna rock your world tonight on the dance floor! Grab somebody and get in the cage! 
 RT  Good news at the VMAC today - Russell Okung has agreed to a 6-year deal w/ the Seahawks. Hawks win w/ 6th year. 
 Professor G Money had big shoes to fill last night. And fill them, he did. For those of you who missed out, come... 
  Is there anyone you can get on who doesn't speak English or someone without a voice box to attempt to thwart Brady and Adam
  You sir are correct my Wallyhood ally...your prize is a virtual dutch rudder! 
 Trivia Wednesday! Who was notorious in the movie Super Bad for eating their dessert alone? 
 Wait til you see my deck! 
 Pre piss your pants prior to watching this video to avoid the surprise! 
 1/2 off pool tonight and $2 PBRs! 
 Tonight we got Victor Menegaux joining Tamm on the wheels of steel! Come on down and check it out as these two tear it up for you!
 The dance floor is off the chain right now!  is dropping the cutz! 
 Let's get weird tonight, grab a chick and throw her in a cage! 
 Don't miss DJ Tamm tonight!
  Don't forget about our trivia nights on Wednesdays. It's awesome! Cash prizes, free pool for trivia teams.
 Trivia Wednesday! Can someone dethrone Todd B Free....Who plays King Richard in Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves? 
 Feels great outside on the deck right now...mosey on down if you're in the neighborhood
 Fancy yourself a pool player...then come in and showcase your talents cuz it's 1/2 off pool night! 
 DJ Warren G is dropping beats tonight...bring your crew and get in here before cover!  
 Come in here and rage in the cage ...this place is popping and  is spinning all the cutz  
 Enjoy the sun on our new patio! Hot day cool dranks...
 Sometimes even Kings fart 
 I realize just by posting this my masculinity is submarining drastically...but it was never that high anyway so... 
 Things are getting wild down herr, no cover, come make it rain!  
 Thirsty Thursdays! Get in early and enjoy happy hour! 
 Wednesday Trivia: What NBA team does Husky alltime points and rebounds leader Jon Brockman play for? 
 What does this mean.... 
 Nic Cage hates it when you mess with his bunnies! 
 Watching White Man Can't Jump in the bar right now...it's awesome 
 1/2 off pool night! 
 Music Monday! 
 RT  Just read that FB reached 500 million. Congrats to everyone who helped create history's largest stalker/pedophile buffet.
 Used it RT  Writing a song. Wanna use the line, "her placenta falls to the floor".  I bet no one has ever used that one.
 Dear diary...yesterday was insane!
 Branyon reportedly out today cuz he ran into a table....warning to all Seattle athletes...beware of rogue tables  
 Sun is out! Come enjoy it on our new deck sipping something cold! 
 I always knew there was something off about the Sammamish Plateau! It's the Ginger Capital of the World! 
 Suck it Crank Yankers! RT  After hearing the 4th tape, it's official Mel Gibson makes funnier phone calls than the Jerky Boys.
 This looks solid! 
  Right as usual Chef! You should use that brain tonight to win you some money here!
 Trivia Wednesday! Larry David played George Steinbrenner in every episode of Seinfeld but one...who was that one... 
 We lost George Steinbrenner today...this is how he'd want to be remembered 
 My pants just got a little tighter... 
 $2 PBR and Half off pool tonight! Hazaaa! 
 RT  Man I hope LeBron goes to the Sonics.
 DJs and futbol in your future. Maybe a little pool, who knows?
 DJ Warren spinning tonight...no cover just dance your ass off (bring a spair) 
 Tomorrow is the first of our new Thursday nights! DJ every Thursday starting at 10pm. No cover. Come on down and check it out!
 Carlos Boozer is a Bull! No surprise that yet another Boozer has moved to Chicago! 
 Trivia night tonight! Quick trivia question: How many breweries are in Fremont? 
 Happy hour is coming and the deck is open! Hellllooo Tuesday!
 The sun is shining and our doors are opening soon! Tuesday! 
 Open at 11 am tomorrow! Watch the game outdoors. Sun, cocktails, oh yeah!
 Hey for the ten people still sitting in their office waiting to leave....NOW IS A GOOD TIME TO LEAVE...It's 4th of... 
 It's 1st Friday tonight...we all know your boss won't be at work tomorrow...so get after it! 
 Don't forget about Trivia with a Twist tonight starting at 8! Win some skrilla with your brainFacebook | The... 
 It saddens the dude community to report Megan Fox has reportedely married her boo Brian Austin Green...what... 
 If you could have any super power what would it be? 
 Everybody dance now! 
 World Cup drinking game...drink everytime someone falls over and looks hurt...good luck 
 open for US world cup game on Sat. Come sit at our new outdoor bar and watch it on TV while having a delicious J... 
 If there was a problem yo I'd solve it, Check out the hook while my DJ revolves it! 
 Hells yeah Sweeney!  
 Cliff Lee just put on a clinic son! I too have aspirations of opening up a clinic! 
 Trivia tonight brainiacs! Quick trivia question: What is MacGyver's 1st name? 
 goooooooooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaallllllllllllllllll! 
 Vargas makes Lou Pinella's Cubbies look like bitches! 
 Tony Kornheiser called soccer pro wrestling with a ball! Brilliant! 
 RT  PF Chang's should change their name to 'Do you like the toilet?'
 Thanks for everyone who came to Solstice parade this weekend, we have some wild pictures on the way! 
 NEW PATIO BAR IS OPEN. Come on down. Aireal artist preforming right after the parade tomorrow. Don't miss out.... 
 "Share" this naked chick and you could win 2 FREE bleacher tix to the Solstice parade tomorrow! 
 If you have a DVR record ESPN's 30 for 30 on June 17th 1994. Sports fan or not this is one of the best tv docs... 
 Hot chicks get arrested at World Cup! I've seen a film that starts like this... 
 Saturday Solstice. Open at 10am. New patio. Great pizza. Booze and parade views. What a deal! 
 Music Monday duders... 
 Solsitce is upon us this weekend! So this weekend when you ride your bike outside naked you won't get arrested like... 
 I hate this guy RT  Best Twitpic evah! RT  Meet the drug test guy! 
 Check out this exclusive pic from the World Cup! Holy Shinto! 
 Hey Soccer fans! We're opeing up at 10:00am tomorrow to get bizy for the World Cup! For you schmucks who can't... 
 Kobe is going into angry mode...rut ro! 
 Colorado joins the Pac-10! And Balki from perfect strangers is joing the set of Groomer Has It! Best day ever! 
 Yes, its true, we will be open at 10am for WORLD CUP this Sat. Whose in? 
 Trivia with a Twist Tonight with the infamous Tommy "Bonesaw" Williams! The second round hint is for tonight... 
 Seahawks 3rd round draft pick Golden Tate might need to head to Schick Shadel for a Doughnut addiction...see... 
 Warning: Very soon the streets of Fremont will be littled with naked bicyclists and roller bladers painted like... 
 Some of you may know that we here at the ballroom are very fond of our theme nights. Its been a while, so we are... 
 Please let this be true! RT  Q13 FOX News Alert: Retired Griffey to return to Mariners this season in a role other than playing.
 Tracy Morgan is coming to the Showbox tonight! Someone's gettin' pregant! 
 Trivia w/ a Twist hint tonight: Round 2 will be the television round! 
 Griffey is stepping down...a moment of web silence please. 
 Wednesday night trivia basketball style: What is the name of the Celtics mascot? 
 Moral of the story...don't steal purses in Asia. 
 Wild weekend my friends! Hello June! 
 There is a petition circling to allow private businesses to sell liquor in the state of WA. Thats right, no more... 
 What you talkin bout reaper RT  Actor Gary Coleman is dead at 42. Coleman was hospitalized after suffering from a brain hemorrhage
 DJ Tamm is gonna be spinning tomorrow like the first time you drank 40s and dipped at the same time! Whole World 
 Would you rather have free ESPN insider or free IMDB pro? 
 First Friday is here! Who's celebrating? 
 The Trivia for a Twist 2nd round theme tonight is...Star Wars! 
 Ichiroooooooo! Frozen Rope right to home to save a run!
 Trivia tonight ladies and germs...to wet your whistle I'll start you off with a question, winner gets a prize.... 
 All the M's do is score...just like Ricky Martin!
 Douglas Fister is getting ready to rock the world of ALfoes again tonight! Shakiras hips don't lie and Fister's... 
 Wallingford's liquor store opens this Friday right across from Dick's! Hazaa!  
 Fact: Average US Baby Length is 14-20 inches. Fact: Ballroom pizza is 28 inches in diameter! Suck it Babies! 
 Yesss ! RT  Free Trophy Cupcakes Tuesday 11am-6pm!  
 Today is a great day! 
 Memorial Day Weekend is coming up! Funny thing is memory is always an issue with me during Memorial Day weekend. 
 The most likeliest scenario of tonight's cage match. 
 Ken Grrrrrrifffffeeyyy Juuuuuuunior! Hellz yeah! Griffey knocks in game winner! 
 Thanks everyone who came out last night to scissor kick cancer. 
 We're trying to accomplish what Russel Crowe couldn't tonight! Come to Trivia w/ a Twist tonight and help fight... 
 RT  Census guy came & asked if I was the only one who lived here.  I said "this sounds like the start of a porno film".  He left
 Trivia night tonight again, all proceeds go towards cancer relief. The Theme for the second round is fight! 
 Its Tuesday...a great day to come down for a little $2 PBR action. How about PBR and a shot of Old Crow for $6?... 
 Would you rather have an NBA team back or an NHL team? Basically NBA Jam or NHL 94? 
 Hey Losties, anxiously awaiting the second to last episode? Listen to Lost righter and lead creator Carlton Cuse... 
 Holy Diver! Ronnie James Dio passed yesterday :( He will be missed... 
 Music Monday baby! 
  
 Anyone ever thought the Toyota symbol looks like a dude in a sombrero? 
 Cage Dancing Night! Grab a friend, random, or imaginary person and get your cage on! 
  Howz it hanging brutha?
 The Week of happiness is here! 
 Thursday is the new Friday beaches! It's going to be sunny and kickass all day long! So bust out those short shorts... 
 Ok Trivia friends, the hint for round two of tonight's trivia is...Military Movies 
 Trivia w/ a Twist Wednesdays! Q) In the Muppet Christmas Carol, which muppet flips the bird to Uncle Scrooge? 
 Basbeall, America's pastime and "friendliest" sport. 
 Tuesday is half off pool...to get you in the mood, a little Sublime suckas. PS: They're gonna be at Marymoore this... 
 In some way Shawn Kemp is all of our dad's...
 $2 PBR's tonight! 
 Friday night at the Ballroom! Girls get in the cage! 
 RT  got this bruise stage divin. It's called Giving 100%. also called Total lack of depth perception. 
 More daring deck occupants amongst the ballroom blitz last night! 
 Late night Ballroom Bandits! I like the one w/ the penguin shirt 
 The West Virginian Book of Quotes: Your 2nd cousin can be your 1st! 
 RT Thought I was having a stroke but it was just that I noticed I had a headache at the same moment a deaf guy started yelling at his dog.
 Free T baby! RT   RETWEET this for your chance at a free t-shirt!  
 LT says no to crack...apparently that's the only thing he's says no to. 
 Wow things kinda escalated last night.  Either that or I made the conscious decision to sleep on the floor on my... 
 Never has a song been more pertinent! 
 Fast forward a couple hours from now. 
 How will you know when she's ready to take it to the next step? Oh you'll know when it's time, just check her... 
 Check out the M's gear my friend is hustling! I think you'll especially like the Jackie Z one. 
 Rob Schneider is going to be in Bellvue at the Parlor Thursday-Saturday.  You might recognize him from some of his... 
 And I haven't gotten tired of this website yet... 
 Listen to DJ Tamm mixing up something colorful! For the real thing head in tonight and bring an extra pair of... 
 Happy Walter Jones day guys!  
 Warning: Speedos DO NOT merit extra points...though are appreciated. 
 Cousin Eddie and his wife go to Jail! Rumor is the charge was for UIP caused by a microwave incident.  When asked... 
 Trivia with a Twist sucka! Theme: Run with the Roses.  Q) Who's famous last words were "Rosebud" 
 Check out the new Sasquatch poster for this year. Whadaya think? 
 Facebook hint for Trivia tonight is "Run with the Roses."  Not to be confused with "Run Through the Roses" which... 
 Like history? What about Fremont history? Check out this article on historic Fremont homes. 
 Hit a bit of a dry spell? Study this film and master it and the oppposite sex will be powerless to your Nintendo... 
 Come in and watch the Zombie Sonics violate the Lakers.  1/2 off pool if you can make a Sasquatch sound. 
  Truth? Have you ever been to an ostrich show?
 Truth or Dare?...Dare...ok I dare you not to laugh while watching this. 
 RT  Good thing they decided to call them 'Honey Nut Cheerios' and not 'Teeny Tiny Buttholes'.
 Get to know the man who's been tossing beats at you like Toad from Mario 2. 
 1/2 price pool tonight in spirit of The Color of Money and cuz it's a Monday.  I was looking at this poster and it... 
 DJ Tamm gonna be kickin beats 2nite like a girlie kicks nuts in self defense class! 
 The Ballroom...putting women in a cage since 1996. 
 RT  I'm sending a tweet from inside Twitter HQ. I'll bet those hot girls in high school wish they had slept with me now.
 The stars were aligned for the Hawks yesterday...check out Brock Huard and the Professor John Clayton's reviews on... 
 Not gonna lie this is pretty damn impressive. 
 Willie Mayes Hayes must still be playing ball somewhere cuz this is unreal 
 Hint for tonight's Trivia....420 (what could those three numbers together possibly mean!?) 
  Sonic love meets Sonic Lust!  
 Yeah I know it's spelled differently but with due to all the rain...here's the Reign Man 
 Creed's lead singer Scott Stapp sings his self written Florida Malins theme song...it's freaking hilarious. 
 1/2 off pool tonight, come dethrone the champ! 
 Come watch King James deficate on the Bulls and Joakim Noah's troll face
 Doug (insert inappropriate fake middle name) Fister is on the hill tonight! He's riding off an amazing performance... 
 Thanks for everyone again who strolled on in on Saturday, you were all in prime form. 
 DJ Tamm on Troll Stroll Eve. Who's down? 
 DJ Tamm on troll stroll eve. Whose down? 
 mmmm...where do I know this second dunker from? 
 You ever been crunk before? Well make Ballroom one of four bar stops for you tonight on Foursquare and there's a... 
 Come down tonight and check out a potential new Ballroom DJ. Thats right. 10pm, no cover. Sweet! 
 Last Night's trivia placings: 1st Oprah Tesh Love Child 2nd Team Ed and 3rd The Knowledge Droppers_____ with I... 
 It's coming...TROLL STROLL 
 Todays theme is "Tax Day" for Trivia with a Twist tonight at 8. 
 Wednesday Trivia: Peter the Great once taxed this odd thing: A) Women B) Fire C) Hair D) Urine    Winner gets a prize! 
   Ask him if he's ever seen Requiem for a Dream, he might reconsider his grapefruit diet
 Its tuesday, the only day of the week that you get an all female bar staff at the ballroom. who is with me? 
 Troll Stroll this weekend! I'm excited! 
 Planning on attempting this tonight...does anyone have any dominos I can borrow...oh yeah and can someone teach me... 
 M's 1st home game, half off pool, Troll Stroll coming up this weekend...life is good 
 Sunday HH. The sun is shining, and we have mimosas. Come join us!! 
