 RT   so far, w/ garlic and kale today, and used it to cook ~3lbs summer squash as well as more garlic & kale yesterday
  Thanks, How do you enjoy using our new  and  Trade coconut oil?
 RT   these  experts:       
 RT  Major Push to Get GMOs Labeled Has Begun -- Right2Know March Scheduled for Early October  via  ...
 RT  Advocates for Labeling of  Food Announce Two Week 'Right2Know' March from NYC to White House Oct. 1-16: http:// ...
 Thanks !   
 RT  Advocates for Labeling of GMOs Announce 2 Week March in October. spread the word!   
 RT  Advocates for Labeling of  Food Announce Right2Know' March from NYC to White House Oct. 1-16: 
 RT         
 RT  Forget rapture,  will soon destroy the worlds food supply:  via   
 RT  White House Pact with Industry to Push Genetically Engineered Plants     
 RT  White House Pact with Industry to Push Genetically Engineered Plants 
 RT     They didn't need human trials. I suspect, that GMO = disease in humans. Trials mean evidence.
 RT  Appreciating   &  for having given CARE's  fests kind support highly recommend.
  Im sorry we do not. ship to India at this time.
 RT  U.S. Govt sued to force release of documents on its pact with  industry 
 RT  Dr. Oz has the courage to question Genetically Engineered Foods.   Truth  Right2Knowmarch.org
 Thanks for using our soap!  "Courteney Cox Tries to Dethrone Gwyneth as Queen of Style  via  "
 RT  Ecuador Fair Trade Visit Part I: Adventures in Organic Fair Trade Alcohol:  
 RT  Asking for  labeling seems reasonable well....Hungary Destroys All Monsanto GMO Maiz… (cont) 
 RT  Calling all businesses: Take a stand for  see  or contact 
 RT  Natural and Thrifty Gazette is out!  ▸    
 Dr. Bronner's to U.S. Congress: Regulate Unsafe Cosmetics!:  via    
 RT  Dr. Bronner's to U.S. Congress: Regulate Unsafe Cosmetics! | SYS-CON MEDIA:  via 
 RT  Citrus Orange Soap by  is my new fav lather!!!  Let me lather!!!
 We are proud to support the    Thanks for pushing us to speak up.    
 RT  A great Fairtrade story | Equal Exchange: Worker-Owned Fairtrade Food Company -  
 RT  Monsanto's "Superweeds" Gallop Through Midwest -    
 RT  Coming soon:  Ready lawn grass? Say it ain't so.   
  Thanks! We are committed to making the best quality organic and fair trade soap possible!     
    Yes,  but  have a choice.  Labeling puts the power in the consumers hand.  is failing in 
 Perhaps the best explanation of how to use our soap for bugs in the garden. Dealing-with-an-over-abundance-of-rain 
 RT  Fair Trade Activism Goes High-Tech  
   Thank you!  We use      oils  certified.  No Petrochemicals
 RT  The Earth's Most Valuable, Versatile & Sustainable Natural Resource 
 RT  Hemp industry flourishing, just not in the U.S. 
 RT      Study Rvls Danger of Escape to Wild Gene Pool   
 RT  The GMO  tech weenies can say whatever they want. The fact still remains that GMO growt… (cont) 
 RT  RT  Just saw an ad on CNN for an anti-depression drug. Side effects include coma & death. Depressing.
 RT  FDA: triclosan soaps no more effective than soap in killing germs, yet  hypes pesticide soaps
  We recommend using or organic Citrus Rinse after washing your hair  and then using our leave in condition. drbronner.com
 RT  Keep your eye on the road & the  this mobile   :  support by 
 Brainstorming w  activists in Washington DC. 2day   2012 agenda.    
 RT  Reading: Monsanto and Gates Foundation Push GE Crops on Africa | Truthout:  via  
 RT  Wait, Did the  Just Deregulate All New  Modified Crops? (MotherJones)   
 RT  Although labeling is required, Kenya is Set to Green-Light Genetically Modified Crops:  
 RT  Detoxifying Foods You Can't Live Without.   
 RT  More news showing that the rest of the world goes on without the U.S. 
 RT  RT  New study shows Monsanto's  harming Monarch butterfly populations...  
 RT  Check out this incredibly important  film   
 RT  Crack open these coconut products from ...  
 RT  Awesome GMO Film Project by Jeremy Seifert — Kickstarter  via  Watch the reel NOW! 
 RT  19 Studies Link   to Organ Disruption  via   
 RT  If you want to cool off and feel tingly use Dr. Bronner's Peppermint soap in the shower, great for summer!   ...
 RT  2 men have traveled 8,500 miles on mopeds to raise awareness about human trafficking:  
 RT  RT  "Two of my favorite things are sitting on my front porch smoking … (cont) 
 Ahh. RT   is the only thing that gets paint off my hands, cause its the best, most refreshing soap ever Thank you...
 Dr. Bronner's believes in "Constructive Capitalism," share profits with workers and the earth.  =  & Organic Certified
 Is the   "promoted" to  user on  punishment for talking about them?  
 The  All -One Ark Interblastive Foam Experience is   Fair This weekend. see Explantion by David Bronner AllOneArk.com
          
           
          
 RT  Suppose you were an idiot.  And suppose you were a member of Congress….But then I repeat myself.
 The  All One Ark Interblastive Foam Experience is at the Oregon Country Fair This weekend.  Come get foamed! AllOneArk.com
 What do  fans think of the new "Safe Cosmetics" Bill in  Read about it     
  Uh Uhmm
 Even if Hemp Farming bill in  becomes law we cant expect farmers to grow it without federal blessing,   
 RT           
 Patients lawsuit forces Feds to Answer 9 Year Old Medical Marijuana Rescheduling Petition     
 RT          Thx
 RT  RT  :  gives up on  in Europe due to "difficult political situation GMO crops face in Europe" 
   Have lobbyied since 2000.  Getting nowhere with   is poised to legalize hemp farming however. Backoff 
   Wow! You can really draw out the spambots when you mention   Offering $100 cash.  Walmart is so Lame.  
 RT  alot to ask ? Walk from  to  u only live once!   Labeling Now!  Demand the  gmomarch.org 
 RT  FNwire Major International Hurdle to Allow GM Labeling Removed  No fear of retaliation from WTO.
 RT  Dear Mr. President, Please legalize hemp farming in the US so we can buy hemp fabric from  manufacturers  
 RT  San Francisco woman poisoned with mercury from skin cream  
 RT  inspiring shower this AM via  organic soaps. "flee from the crowd and dwell with truthfulness"
 Dr. Bronner's Magic Soaps are not available in 
  should follow Kenya's lead.on GMO's  RT  RT   GMOs to Be Labelled:   .
 RT  RT  Obama's war on organics continues with USDA's latest regulatory cop out   
 RT  New  research suggests it improves long-term psychological and emotional health.  
 RT   Im so going on your  march.   ? 
 RT   - why has your administration overturned so many court decisions that would better regulate or ban GMO crops  ...
 RT  Mahatma’s grandson to attend Dalai Lama’s birthday celebrations - 
  is made with Certified  and  Ingredients.  FT Goal of 95% of raw materials  
  We are happy you are enjoying the  peppermint lotion.  Thanks for the  .
  Exactly.  should catch up with  and require  Labeling.  UN is essentially neutral now.   doing somethin
 RT  iLoveMahalo: RT  Dr. Bronner's will keep demanding  foods are labeled.  Will you m...   ...
 RT  The Hill: Labeling for genetically modified foods OK'd after U.S. drops opposition  
 Dr. Bronner's will keep demanding  foods are labeled.  Will you march with us?  FOLLOW  Oct. 1-16  2 WhiteHouse 
  This is big news and means it time for Americans to demand  labeling of Genetically Engineered Foods M
 RT  Big news: Victory! US Ends Opposition to  Labeling Guidelines 
 RT  VICTORY :)  The countries of the world ended two decades of bickering today when they agreed to guidelines for... h ...
 RT   - We're with you on this one.  It's sad when you get the "screw you all" from the Federal Government.
 RT  In Defense of 'Annoying' Whole Foods Shoppers  via 
 Creating a Company Vision  via 
 So lame. So sad. Call your congressman! “ Obama Administration Issues New Threats Against Medical  ”
 Re: New Attorney General Eric Holder memo.  On behalf of  we can't say how much we oppose your policy on medical  
 RT  The March in October was inspired by a March across Europe, from Berlin to Brussels in June of 2009, whereby the... ...
 RT  get excited people   from NY-DC come out, even if its just for a little stretch. YOU HAVE A RIGHT TO KN ...
 RT   s did an amazing job getting the blood stain out of my brand new Park Service shirt. And was soothing at the ...
 RT  Donate now to  and  will match your donation!  Thanks so much for your support!    ...
 RT    tweeters         ...
   you can always ad your own essential oils to the unscented  Safe and effective scenting occurs at 1%.
 RT           
 RT             ...
 
 RT  Met David Bronner last wk, then ordered  Magic Soapbox DVD. (Fascinating!) Bought my 1st btl of their pep ...
  we are so happy you have found perfection.  Safe travels!
 RT  Film exposes government raids on family farms    
 RT   and  The Debate Comes to a Head 
  wanna do   Oct 1-16?
 RT  Mazol tov Mike and Erin  
 RT  Mike and Erin Bronner's first dance     
 Today is big day, Mike and Erin get married in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
  would love too, will look into it
 RT    Come out Saturday  1PM Community Solutions: 40yr War on Drugs|Mass Incarcerati ...
 RT  Watchdog group sues companies for mislabeled  products. 
 RT  Tell  Report facts, not anti-  propaganda paid for by   
 RT  teach your children  ... today ... don't expose them to rude competition ... capitalism is un-sustainable . ...
 If ur in LA. "   Saturday  1PM Community Solutions: 40yr War on Drugs. "
 So one of those issues folks are disappointed about at  has got to be  pro- stance.
 RT  Organic Gardening Is Simple, Easy, Affordable - With all the hype over labeling of Genetically Modified Food (GMO)  ...
 Congress bans FDA from approving frankenfish! Senate still to decide...    
 RT  wire-of-INFO/ Refuse GMO Food. What's the connection with Monsanto, White House, & GMO Foods?  ...
 RT  With all the pressures on modern families, why cause them added anxiety by telling them how their food's produced? That  ...
   Yes onbehalf of our whole company  
 RT    knows how to stand up and stand out (head's up  
  Thanks for sharing this kind review of the  Our interblastive foam experience just got into 
 RT  FF!!           ...
 RT         & Thanks!    ...
 " Shawn Crew and David  on tour of Hemp Oil Canada, "
 RT  RT  Excited for Mike and Erin's wedding tomorrow here in  Much of the extended  clan here.
 RT  Hi to  and all the  and congrats to Mike on his wedding -- happy day!
 Join Dr. Bronner's as we march from NY to DC Oct1-16 for  Labeling.     
 that's very sweet. Thank you Follow   
 RT  Read my interview with  "What You Need to Know About Your Cosmetics."  You won't bel ...
 RT  Love to  for advocating for sensible regulations for the chemical industry  ...
 RT  Thanks and  to        
 Dr. Bronner's family and employees will be marching from NY to DC to demand  Labeling.    Please join us. 
 FF           
 RT  “ There's some industry spin that Codex has abandoned  labeling - actually UN poised to adopt new ru ...
 RT  More coverage on the Roundup cover-up (Huffington Post): Roundup Birth Defects: Regulators Knew World's... . ...
 RT  Sign this petition! No Frankensalmon on my plate--Tell FDA we want GMO labels now!   ...
 RT   thanks 4 the follow and shout out to you guys for this great video interview with Arielle  ...
 RT  Sustainable Fragrances '11 starts tomorrow!  Visit with     & many oth ...
 Cool yourself off! RT  Almost 7:30 and it's still 94. Time for a shower with peppermint Dr. Bronner's and some ice cream!
 RT  "Constructive Capitalism is where you share your profit with the workers and the Earth from which you made it" -Dr. Bronner
  those are words we live by through  and  certification. Happy to be your man!
 Dr. Bronners fairtrade and organic peppermint oil comes from India. “ Organic Farming...Fan Base in India ”
 Nice article  AllOne Ark Interblastive foam experience “ The Green Choices Gazette is out!  ▸
 RT  Obama Deregulates  Crops Despite Supreme Court Injunction  
 RT  Giant GMO salmon won't feed more people, be cheaper, or be cleaner. They'll just be terrifying. 
 RT  Gotta wonder if the control of GMO seeds by 4 companies and requiring yearly payments for seeds isn't part of this. http: ...
 RT  RT if you want to STOP  ,  and all genetically altered 'stuff' ... RT2HELP :)
  Probably not until the fall... We will be bathing folks at music festivals up and down the West Coast all summer!
 The Famous Foam Tub! RT   Magic Soaps Launches Bathtub Tour 
 RT  Obama Gives Key Agriculture Post to Monsanto Man 
 RT  Gr8 to see this happening: March of advocates for clear  labelling planned to start in  2 October.  via  ...
  Good question! The bar soaps are better for dry skin since the hemp and jojoba oils are "super-fatted" instead of "saponified"
 Dr. Bronner's is coming to a summer festival near you.  AllOneArk.com has more details on our "Interblastive Foam Experience."
 RT  Monsanto thinks we'll all shut up and eat their  food. Let's prove them wrong!
  Not cynical at all to expect truth in labeling for cosmetics. Whatever is ON your body is going in it.  is best.
 Dr. Bronner's uses organic and fair trade ingredients free of  s. Sign-up  and support GMO Labeling NOW!
 Unlike Europe,   doesn't require labeling of Genetically Modified Organisms  in our foods. Support labeling 
 Don't eat the soap! RT  Seriously wanna bite into my Dr. Bronner's soap. Smells like a York Peppermint Pattie.
 Scrumptious - what a great word! RT  I'm wearing Dr. Bronner's Magic Patcholi Lime lotion.  Scrumptious.
  Yup that sounds about right! Usually a few drops does the trick :-)
 RT  Dr Bronner's Magic Soaps - behold the Swiss Army knife of cleaning products   
 RT  just took a shower and read the entire Dr Bronner bottle. No mention of 5/21 Rapture. I think we're safe. And clean.
  Do you mean 1% essential oils?
  Of course, working people with dirty jobs reject this theory, and say you need to give the jeans a thorough scrub!
  Denim aficionados say that a gentle cleanse helps jeans keep their form-fitting shape
 The Levi's people swear by it! RT  I heard that dr.bronner's soap is good for soaking jeans. As well as the 23238 uses for it!
 You're welcome! RT  thanks  and  for the INCREDIBLE shower this morning. I feel like a new (& natural) woman!
 The beauty pros know! RT  Keep your brushes sanitary by giving them a good washing  and water 
 Congrats! RT  Dr. Bronner's Refill Station is up and refilling!     
 All-One or None! RT  I would pay a substantial sum of money to hear Mitch McConnell read off a label from Dr. Bronner's Soap
 RT  Interview w/ Michael Bronner of Dr. Bronner's Magic Soaps about fairtrade and the effects on the fragrance industry: ...
 RT        Soooo glad you're here at  s ...
 Simplify! RT  I now wash my hair, face, and body with Dr. Bronner's soap. It has simplified my shower and my life! ★★★★★
    Keeping everyone cool and clean at Joshua Tree Music Fest this weekend!
 Save water, don't read in shower! RT  Ever shower long enough to actually read that bottle of Dr. Bronner's? No. No you haven't.
 Bathroom reading! RT  dr bronner's is the shit. that label kept me entertained for about half an hour.
 Congrats WFM! RT  TRULY ORGANIC BODY CARE! Read about our new standards for organic personal body care: 
   Endorsers!       
 Make sure to take advantage of  get great deals on hemp products at your local natural market! 
  PS we're big fans: "most of you can't even understand what I am saying to you even in my human form the msg I'm relaying!"
  Monch, stay away from the chemical cleaners! Don't get mesmerized by the bright colors ;)
 Wash with a clean conscience! RT  So happy to find  on twitter.  Soap that cleans your mind not just your body
 WFM Bowery (NYC) tonight! Enjoy hemp foods and learn about the campaign to bring back hemp to America’s farms  
  It depends: does your dog feel exploited? ;-)
 Hemp History Week is here! Check out events and promotions around the country! 
 Peppermint Power! RT  I'm convinced Dr. Bronner's is a cure all. Ohhh the power of peppermint!!
 RT  The Latest Buzz on  Dr. Bronner's Magic Soaps: History: Good Articles 
 Celebrate the future of hemp farming in the U.S. during Hemp History Week  May 2-8 
 We're celebrating Dia De Los Niños in Escondido tomorrow, at Grape Day Park from 11 to 4! Foamy fun with our All-One Ark! Vegan food!
  Thanks fo the support!
 RT         support  May 2-8
 3rd: A truly conscious party like  with timing-teamwork-wisdom-mercy-love can reap 6 thousand enlightened spirits! All-One!
 Celebrate & Support Hemp History Week: 5/2-5/8!   
 RT  What *is* all the writing on the Dr. Bronner's bottle?  Come join the conversation! 
 We're looking forward to this great San Diego  event happening May 8th! 
 Feel them spirits! RT  A shower with Dr. Bronner's peppermint soap is almost a spiritual experience.
 We're excited to bring our All-One Ark foam experience to Grape Day Park in Escondido this Saturday!
 Lisa Bronner demonstrates how Dr. Bronner's can be used to test water hardness! 
  There's a whole foods in Orleans - probably the best bet!
 RT  David Bronner on stage at Deep Green Festival  
 We're at  foam experience all set up! 
 RT The Firetruck powers the foam machine  
 Tanks hold Dr. Bronner's Magic Soap to make foam for  tomorrow! 
 We're  hauling in the tub to Craneway Pavillion! 
 RT  How awesome to hear all these green cleaning recipes! I just finished deep cleaning my whole kitchen with 
 Be good to your skin! RT  Anytime I ever use soap on my body that isn't  I get bumps all over my skin
 Join us for  in Richmond this weekend with  and  luminaries!  
 DIY haircare! RT  I made my own shampoo w/ Dr. Bronner's, Olive Oil, and Peppermint oil and it was AWESOME! Smelled so good!
 6 Tips to Eco-fy Your Baby and Save Money! 
 Great post from  on why she loves  and why she is supporting  ! 
 Aging gracefully no doubt :-) RT  Signs of an aging hippie: squinting to read the Dr. Bronner's bottle in the shower.
 So sweet! RT  Dear Dr. Bronner, so good to have you back in my life. Nothing's quite as fine as a man that makes you tingle
 Thanks for the endorsement! RT  Animal friendly soap that kicks butt... Dr. Bronner's  chk it out!!!
  Our soap is great for dogs! Peppermint and eucalyptus help keep the fleas away :-)
 We're foamin' the lovely folks at  !    
  - we can dig that! RT  Dr. Bronner's soaps are as interesting as he & his business are 
  Awesome! We definitely plan on checking out your site :-)
 RT  ACTION ALERT! Tell Whole Foods to Stop Selling Monsanto's Unlabeled GMO's    ...
 RT  Any  farming stories from Hemp for Victory days? We're collecting oral histories!
  Thanks for the Friday Follow!
  Thanks for the  love!
 RT    network of revolutionaries     
 That's a great look! RT  If I get any more words tattooed on me I'm going to look like a Dr. Bronner's soap bottle.
  Looks yumz!
 RT  Come see      and more at the  April 23rd!   
 Welcome to the magic! RT  tried Dr. Bronner's Magic Soap 4 the first time. It's a shampoo, body soap, all round cleaner. Love it!
 Hemp connections help Japanese couple land a new home - <3 this story!  via 
 Yup! RT  No doubt    and all of  is gearing up. 
  RT  Organic, vegan, gentle tattoo care now in stock - Dr Bronner's tattoo salve, lanolin free so doesn't fade ink
 Aw shucks, you made us blush! RT   Magic Soap is probably the greatest thing ever invented. 
  let's see... Hemp seeds on my salad, hemp protein in my shakes, hemp shirts, oh and hemp oil in my famous hummus, almost 5 ;-)
  Nice! A star for sure :-)
 Great  info! RT  listen to the Fair World Project's panel on Fair Trade certification at Expo West: 
  RT  I make my own hand wash with Dr. Bronner's liquid and use only natural bars. I can't stand extra chemicals!
  Way to manifest the "All-One" spirit!
 Glad you dig the blog! RT  Dr. Bronner's granddaughter writes about blasting household dirt the natural way 
 We're excited to bring our All-One Ark foam experience to  Spring Omersion this weekend! All-One Om!
 Soap - it works! RT  Antibacterial soaps are PROMOTING resistant bacteria (FDA). Stick with natural cleaners like Bronner's
  We think anyone that incorporates at least 5 different ways to bring hemp into their lives is a hemp superstar :-)
 RT  Was inspired by  to wash my babies!! Dr.bronner's magic soap (hemp peppermint) is ♥ 
  You're bonafide hemp superstar!
  Yes! That's the way to do your shopping :-)
  obviously :-)
 Yes!  is coming up in May! What hemp products do you love?
  RT  The smell of Dr. Bronner's eucalyptus soap in the hallway is awesome... I sure need to expand the uses for it.
  That's awesome! Where do we see this wonderful list?
 The  will bring together activist and innovators from the  and  movements! All-One!
 Works great! RT  Aphids infested a mint plant - sprayed it with a pint of water and 3/4 tspn of Dr. Bronner's soap. Good idea?
 RT  Thousands in Mexico Take to Streets To Protest Drug War - We Need to Do the Same Here! 
 Show your support for  Visit  and  at SF  and grab a  sticker  
 575 co-ops, natural food stores, local and national chains to celebrate Hemp History Week with displays, promotions 
 RT  Dr. Bronner's New Coconut Oil, Green Mom Blog & Hemp History Week  via 
  Thanks for the 
          
  leads the charge! RT  Major Changes for Organic Body Care Labels   via 
 Getting rid of soap scum naturally! Lisa Bronner tells you how in her latest post: 
    RT  the baby Dr Bronner's is unscented. I buy it so I can custom scent it. It's perfect for DIY projects
 RT  RT  Spread the Word:  is Not a Dirty Word 
  RT  I wish the whole world smelled like Dr. Bronner's Lavender castile soap.
 We need pics! RT  Someone replaced ads on the MARTA train with Dr. Bronner slogans.
 18-in-1! RT  Washed my daughters hair with pepermint soap last night, washed my dishes with it today. Can your shampoo do that?
 Totally! "Revolution Rock!" RT  We're convinced. Fair Trade IS Rock and Roll. 
  Thanks! And yes we would love to bring the foam to the UK... Maybe next year!?
  Thanks! We're honored of course :-)
 Hemp and Marijuana luminaries to speak  David Bronner, Richard Lee, Ed Rosenthal, and more! 
  Thanks for spreading the word, we love the article :)
  Thanks for spreading the word, we love the article!
  Thanks for retweeting! We love the article :)
  Thanks for retweeting! We love the article :)
 Great article! RT  Dr Bronner's: beauty for activists! 
  Indeed! We love to get educated :)
 Thanks! RT   winner  is leading the beauty industry toward better organic standards! 
 Steve Levine of the HIA and John Roulac of  talk about hemp!  v-TH3s
 Join us for  in Richmond, CA 4/23 feat. The Coup, MC Yogi, Soul Majestic, Scuzzy, MiKHAL, Dov, and more!
  Nice! To tell the truth many of us here have read all of it too! Thanks for the support :-)
 We're honored to have been voted as "Best Natural Personal Care Line" for the 2011 Heart of Green Awards! 
   RT  Dr. B's peppermint soap is one of my makeup kit essentials for keeping brushes beautiful!
  Wow, read your bio, the Sweet Shop sounds radical indeed!
 We love radicals... and cupcakes! RT  Love my organic 'magic'  lavender soap!
   RT  Ran out of laundry detergent; subbed Dr. Bronner's Magic Lavender + a dash of sodium bicarbondate.
  Thanks for the love and for spreading the good word - it inspires us to keep on doing what we're doing :-)
  RT  My high school classmates tell me it's not fair that I graduated with them. I tell them to seek 
  Target, Walgreens, Vitamin Shoppe, Whole Foods are all good bets - and of course your local health food shop!
  Yeah it's the real Dr. Bronner's - but we thought it was a hangover remedy :P Sorry to hear it was stomach flu :( Feel better!
  RT  With the help of a Merciful God, Dr. Bronner's peppermint soap, mucho veggies, tiny bites... I'm Alive!
  We tried, but then decided we'd better get back to making soap ;-)
  Thank you!
 5 generations of wisdom! RT  I use Dr. Bronner's Peppermint Soap & I love it! I remember my Mom use to use it when I was little
  Do not eat the soap ;-)
  Right on! Should we bring the All-One Ark to  ?
  dilute! dilute! dilute!
       
        
 DIY skincare! RT  I love to take Dr. Bronner's soap & add my own essential oils for a personal blend.
 RT  it just makes sense!! “ Sign the petition. Support hemp farming in the U.S. ”
  Would you consider buying it online?
 4th: Unless dancing-laughing-eating-sharing-epic-times  we won't become stellar-soaring-saintly-selves! All-One!
 RT  Polis: Its refreshing that NCIA isnt looking for tax breaks, subsidies, just the right do business. 
 RT  NCIA equals National Cannabis Industry Association. The trade group reps over 51 cannabis 'marijuana' and 'hemp' enterpri ...
   Awesome let's do this!
  RT  i swear by Dr Bronner's soap for washing fresh tattoos - get some!
 Do you know how to read a cosmetics label?  gives you the skinny - 
 Great recipes using our   Coconut Oil on the  blog! 
 GMO labeling now! We have the right to know! Join our march: www.gmomarch.org
 RT  Deep Green - the Earth Day celebration of cannabis, health, & ecology on Sat 4/23! Get your tix at  ...
 Pls RT! We will match every dollar donated by individuals to help pass the Cali  farming bill! 
  Thanks for helping spread the word about our sustainable Fair Trade Organic Palm Oil!
 RT  Complete info for tomorrow night's UCLA Panel Discussion: "Hemp for Performance, Profit and the Planet" . ...
  The Swiss army knife of soap!
 2nd: Every soulful body in this tremendous Universe must go to  or there is no party! Exceptions? Eternal? Absolute none!
  RT  . an always-full bottle of  magic soap, a swiss army knife, and black eyeliner. 
  {blush} We love you back!
   "Dr. Bronner's makes your hoo-hoo tingle" is the rated G version!
  Haha... yeah we no longer recommend it for those uses - some of Dr. Bronner's more "eccentric" suggestions :)
 Vegan athlete Brendan Brazier to host panel on sustainability benefits of hemp tonight! 
  We're pretty sure that's not what they meant when they told you to wash your mouth out with soap...
 RT  Discovered using Dr Bronners on my scalp cures dandruff....with no drugs.  Not shocked!  
  RT  Philip B's peppermint shampoo + Dr Bronner's peppermint soap = better than coffee (for a wake up jolt)
  We love you back!
 RT  HempHistoryWeek: Save the date! Nutiva at UCLA March 29th 7-9pm Broad Art Center Room 2160E    htt ...
 Organic Almond Oil! RT  dr. bronner's magic soap - I smell like a marzipan bar. 
 ALL-ONE! RT  only one soap for us, Dr Bronner's
 RT  College students. Please get involved in Hemp History Week. Here's how:    
 Love it! RT  Amon Amaranth. Limp Gluten-free Bizkit. Dr. Bronner's Magic Bathory Soap. Eyehategmos. 
  We like to think that Charlie Sheen is the Dr. Bronner of acting :-)
  Thank you! Also, know that the extra you pay goes to support fair trade projects in Sri Lanka and Ghana!
 RT  Actions and Protests against Monsanto and GMO's taking place across the country 3/26/11, get involved now!!  http:/ ...
 10 items that should be in every  home's kitchen! 
  Rest assured we are not a cult - our founder just liked to put his philosophy on the soap label :-)
  Thank you for the support... Keep rockin!
 Thanks for the love! RT  Happiness is a nice shower with Dr. Bronner's Magic Peppermint Soap!
  Many people who report residue say they have better luck with the bar soap. Also, some people add baking soda to their wash!
  Yes! Many love our soaps for washing their pets... so it should be good for pet stuff :-)
 RT  Monsanto's modified alfalfa faces another suit   
  Dread shampoo! RT  i use special residue free Dr. Bronner's organic shampoo that keeps my dreadies healthy and happy. :D
  Well... We do resonate with his use of the term "cosmic fastball" :-)
 Lisa Bronner talks about the health benefits of opening the window in her latest blog post! 
 We love you back! RT  head over heels in love with dr. bronner's peppermint soap. ahh...
 RT  " soap for body, hair and teeth, my shower this morning was done in about two minutes"  h ...
 Go USFT! RT    workshops  for Life and the Beehive Collective are doing presentations!
 "The way things are not the way things have to be" RT  Why do we just accept things? Please RT. 
 *blush* RT  Dr. Bronner's Castille Soap is the best thing to happen to the world since sex, Jesus, lightbulbs, and fire.
  Sorry about you toe - glad we could help with the carpet!
  Hope you don't end up needing it, but glad to know we're a part of the survival kit!
  Haha... nice... does this mean we're the choice of criminal masterminds?
  Looking forward to making rad things happen at LIB! Make sure to follow us :-)
 We're gonna be at this awesome event! RT  WIN TICKETS TO LIGHTNING IN A BOTTLE.... it's easy :) 
  Cool - did you like the movie? Glad our products make you happy :-)
 RT  Ron Paul: Hemp for Victory 
 RT  This is going to be a really great event in  Bay Area on  First Earth Day Celebration of Cannabis, ... http:/ ...
 Please sign this on-line petition to allow US farmers to grow   
  Yup! Definitely gonna be at 
 RT  One of our best moments at  was a coconut oil photo shoot at the  booth 
  30 years is a long time! Thanks for sticking with us all those years :-)
 We're teaming up with  to put on the Premier Earthday celebration of Cannabis, Health, and Ecology in Richmond, CA 4/23!
 Glad to be there! RT  I'm glad that I can finally buy your products in Germany.
 Thanks... and we will! RT  Thanks for fighting the good fight! Organic cleansers that are actually natural! I *love* your soap
  We definitely support Wisconsin - we have deep Wisconsin roots!
 RT  HempHistoryWeek: Save the date! Nutiva at UCLA March 29th 7-9pm Broad Art Center Room 2160E    htt ...
  You're welcome!
 Our star blogger Lisa Bronner   
 Big things in the works with     
 Buy Fair Trade! RT  embrace  by switching your soap to one of Dr Bronner's Organic Shikakai hand soaps
  Peppermint is the best! Thanks for the love :-)
  RT  "Absolute cleanliness is Godliness!" - Dr. Bronner
  Thanks! It's currently only available in Japan and Hawaii - we will let you know if it comes to the US
 The famous tingle! RT  I love Dr. Bronner's liquid peppermint soap! So tingly!
 Strategizing with anti  brands    
 RT  "We don't want to forget  integrity!" - Albert of Straus Creamery at  non  panel
 RT  "It doesn't matter if it's a little or a lot, we still have to stand up for our rights" - George, CEO of  ...
 David Bronner calls for march from New York to Washington DC for GMO labeling this fall     
 RT  Organic Valley CEO "Complete failure of  regulation of GMO    seed sources now dwind ...
 Popcorn cooked up in our   coconut oil by Chef Gage   
 RT  Hemp 4 Health?We     think so. Why?learn more here   ...
 Rise & Shine! RT  My Dr. Bronner's Peppermint wash is the only thing saving my life with this 4:30am wake up call
 RT   speaking at   forum "We have been too slow to bring online new FT ingredients, issue of investm ...
  Will the real Fair Traders please stand up?
 We need domestic fair trade!      
 Today  Room 205b: Changing the Way We Do Business: Fair Trade Certification and Sourcing   
 RT  Unlabeled Genetically Modified Food: Don't Grow It, Don't Sell It, Don't Eat It! ...   ...
  Thanks! Come say hello!
  RT  Dr. Bronner's Magic Soap - the only soap for a long voyage 
 RT  Favorite hemp brands        
 We're recruiting anti-GMO brands to mobilize against increased use of GMOs in USA!  booth  
  RT  Dr. Bronner obviously was a crazy mofo judging by this label however the man knew how to make some soap!
  Glad you dig the soap!  Thinking outside the box is facilitated by having a somewhat less intact box
  RT  You can have me at your house and I won't touch your whiskey or girlfriend but I will steal your Dr. Bronner soap
 It's "Organic Fortnight" in the UK, here are tips on how to choose organic everyday: 
  We hear it's a great high, and that suddenly all the writing on the label makes sense!
