 RT  Buy local? Stock up on  RT  MN Govt. Shutdown Resulting In Beer Shortages 
 Organizations like this one  deserve to be noticed. Missing Airman Identified! Thank you for finding our fallen troops!
 RT  Casual company polo  CC The Customer 2nd lol
 You know it's going to be a good day when Highway to the danger zone plays on the radio! It's a Kenny Loggins marathon day.
 RT  Clink em and drink! Surly you can't be serious?! RT   bill passes Senate vote 60-0! ”
 Oh boy! It was going to happen sometime. Angry Birds Fly to Spain With T-Mobile  via 
 Tasty Beer! Tetley's English Ale; Carlsberg-Tetley Brewing Ltd   via 
  "Emma's Poem: by Linda Glaser   Congrats!! 
 The Unicorn is a nice touch! Web Developers vs. Web Developers (Infographic Remix)  via 
 Easter eggs are a symbol for rebirth and the start of a new life. Support Japan - Buy Cool - Egg Designs -  
  Some day we will be  Still hope for the  Heck, at least  know how to party!
 Glad to have that extra day for taxes! Now I can file for an extension!
 This weeks forecast is ....... well depressing. I'll still ride the moped around though.
 Seriously MN, what kind of weekend forecast is that? 
 Looks like Java J's coffee shop changed new ownership? Not sure why they changed the name?  North loop.
 via  - Continued Existence Of Edible Arrangements Disproves Central Tenets Of Capitalism  Brings back memories!
 Foo Fighters stage contest to perform in a Twin Cities garage | StarTribune.com 
 Almost have all my parts for my moped  need some tires and I should be set!
 Can't wait to ride my sweet new moped tonight, thanks josh for hooking me up!  
 RT  Meg Tuthill wants to dispatch the fun police to Minneapolis patios  Seriously!
 Might as well ride in style this summer  looking forward to the nice weather!
 My co-worker just showed me her filling cabinets and no it's not filled with important documents, it's a pantry of food and canned items!
 Restaurants fight City Council move to restrict outdoor dining  don't even think about it Councilwoman Meg Tuthill!
 RT  I made decaf coffee in the pot labeled hazelnut.  really? Wow, your new office will be relocated to the basement
 RT  Vive la Surly! MLBA's latest stance in the StarTribune on the  project, check it out. ”
 Vertical Endeavors Opening New Location, looking forward to it! 
 RT  Great beer for a good cause New: Fire Chief Tapping at Rock Bottom - 
 Really creative and unique business cards! 
  Really? So you must be leaving then? ha
 Getting ready to play some poker, might as well win some money during the snow storm 
 RT  Uptown Bar is a no show at Lyndale Theatre 
 Advantages of a restaurant & beer garden at   
 Sauerkraut should go on everything! () hits the high road with Farmhouse Cultures (via 
 RT  Support  by going down to Stanley's Northeast Bar Room this Sat, Feb. 19 and putting your name on the petition!
 What is your 2011 “best of” list for the suburbs?  - Best of the 'Burbs 
 I think today will be nice enough to go tubing, minus all the snowballs that will be thrown.
 RT  Surly you can't be serious! Our new blog post on Surly's proposed expansion:  
 RT  Surly brews up plan for expansion! startribune.com/entertainment/ More jobs and more awesome beer! 
 Harriet Brewing spurs a city beer revival | Vita.mn 
 Best Super Bowl Ad Ever: Round One  via 
 RT  Should Bar La Grassa have catered to  from    blog post:  NO!
 I'm one of the first in line to build a viral “Launching Soon” page with  Join me:  via 
 STAR GRID POSTERS '10/11 on the Behance Network: 
 Very clever  cheers to being the first city in a Jar 
 Is it ever too cold to ride a bike in  ?
 Next stop X-Games..... To be continued.
 Could Apple/TBWA Love Affair Continue Without Steve Jobs? 
 Starbucks new logo and the social-media reaction. 
 Another Broomball loss, but we didn't go down without a fight....
 The Burkina Electric show was spectacular 
   Surly Brewing Abrasive | Beer Geek Nation Video Beer Reviews Episode 142 
 Getting excited about the Tour tonight  shenanigans following after!
 Dear bus driver, your uncontrollable breaking and ability to maneuver through vehicles made my ride more exciting than usual.
 RT  Learned today that  and I will be breaking up soon. It's totally them and not me. I want to date  Me too!
 RT  RT  Adam Turman: 100 Creatives   Check out his posters / portfolio if you h ...
 RT  Did you know that the actual number of lakes in Minnesota is 15,291? Should it be the state of 10,000+ lakes?
 Should public officials have full-time security? | TheGazette 
  I can't get this tweet deck working right, keeps posting to all my accounts when I only select one account.. Ahh
 Tweet deck
 Who knew I would be addicted to angry birds. Just one more level ha.
 RT  Nice, Stay fresh! 6 orders out the door this morning!  We'll throw in 2 free items for every new order today.
 RT  Great Interview! JackThreads: Bootstrapped, Profitable & Sold with Jason Ross 
 Mexican Mocha time  
 RT  Turf Club takes short break to clean the pipes   Bring in the new year!
 Played Broomball for the first time last night, walked away in a lot of pain. Elbow pads are key.
  I'm actually more excited for your tweets. how many lists can I make for you.
 It's been a while Twitter, looking forward to all my tweets this year.
 Not sure why I'm at work today, but hey let it snow.
 RT  Cheers!! RT  Final numbers are in for save The Nook Saturday, $6,691 donated to The Nook... 
 Too much snow! Ball of flames engulfs county plow truck in Prior Lake neighborhood | StarTribune.com 
 Always a great deal! Still shopping for holiday deals? Explore Minnesota’s outlet malls  via 
 Minnesota competitive eating scene is growing   
 RT  Shop Main Street. Shop Downtown.  These holidays support the local businesses that support your community.
 So I guess you can't park anywhere until the snow melts? 
 Does This Article Suck? Measuring Content Effectiveness 
 RT  I wonder if the unemployment situation has improved the early afternoon movie watching scene. I miss those days.
 My company blocked facebook access, but not twitter? I guess they haven't discovered that tweets are the same as status updates.
 RT  Top 5 Podcasts in the Twin Cities - By Courtney Klos. Podcasts. They're like talk-radio, but... 
 RT  Just listened to the new R.E.M. single, and I like the song. I hope they keep going.
 RT  Only if you get caught! Is it cheating to pray during a test? 
 RT  SOLD! What's our special for today? The totally awesome 640GB LaCie portable hard drive for an amazing $79.99! Today only...
 RT  Maybe parents are jealous? McDonald's should include adult toys with meals hmmm. McDonald's gets sued 
 RT  2010: A Precursor to the Apocalypse? 
 METRO Stocking Stuffers Guide, just locked up the Fisticup!  
 Creative agency Modern Climate giving away ideas this holiday season     I have so many ideas!
 Minneapolis's mono is beating out the big ad shops with the message that simplicity sells   Gotta love the underdog
 RT  first sake brewery outside of Japan, Moto-i offers more than just sake  
 Snowstorm brings winners and losers 
 RT  Why!! Fire destroys the Nook in St. Paul last night  Why couldn't it have been a McDonalds instead?
 The new Psycho Suzi's in northeast Minneapolis. Taking tiki to the riverfront | StarTribune.com 
  Coffee Buzz! It was everything and more, really friendly and great service. Love the local shops, lets keep them growing!
 looking forward to having drinks at the Town hall brewery tonight! 48th and Chicago, south  Cheers!
 RT  A brisk ride! You are very brave! 
 Target gaining on Walmart in holiday shopping  via  but Walmart is a great place for people watching.
 Time to get some chickens, hope the neighborhood approves. Coop de ville: chicken-raising goes urban  
 A Deteriorating Lake Calhoun....sad 
 RT  Day 231: Coffee Buzz . Something to do, going to check them out today!
 RT  Biggest Food Stories of 2010: a local take on the Atlantic list 
 Bye Bye Landline! Many Minnesotans cutting the cord and going cell only.  
 Which Designer Job is the Best? (Infographic)  via 
 Enjoying some dirty Chia  Bobs Java Hut
 Blog Love: Things I Found at the Thrift Store  
 RT  Top 5 Spots in Minneapolis and St. Paul for Locally-grown, Fresh-cut Christmas Trees 
 RT  The Twin Cities (Officially) Rock! Named the Top 10 U.S. Cities for Live Rock Music 
 25 Pics of Gary Busey Looking Pretty Much Insane. Happy Friday! 
 RT  Bike route along Mississippi closer to reality | StarTribune.com startribune.com/local/11109000…
 RT  30 Fan-made Movie Posters  
 Mr. Belding Comes to Block E   
 Essay: Enemy at the Gates. Apple vs Microsoft  
 For those late night party people, mobile food vendors are coming.    
 RT  Day 228: Wells Fargo WinterSkate 
 RT  Buying Local Equals Smart Shopping? Spend this holiday season buying local  
 Now there's a way to protest those intrusive TSA X-ray scanners without saying a word. 
 Help compile the Top 89 songs by voting on the tracks we added over the year   via 
 I heart Minnesota weather, might as well grab a cup of hot chocolate.
 RT Ah Snizzle!  Bored at home with the snowy, icy weather? Snoop Dogg's visit to MN in Jan... 
 Metro Transit rolls out BRT station 
 Sno Wovel Wheeled Snow Shovel, the world's safest snow shovel. 
 RT  The New Rules of Winter! Metro Magazine 
 RT  It may be raining and then it will probably snow, but let's look at why we love the TC. 
 RT  Amex gives $25 back to 100,000 Cardmembers who register & shop at a small biz  
 RT  A few tips on Winter Biking. 
 Cyber Monday may lure record 106 million shoppers  via 
 St Paul Winter Carnival! Can't wait for the ice sculptures. 
 Not Cool! Mining pollution may be hurting Minn's wild rice | Minnesota Public Radio News  via 
 Time to get back to work.
 Starting my thanksgiving weekend with happy hour at liquor lyles.
 RT Agreed! Shop local this year! $.66 of every dollar spent at a local business stays in...   
 2011 Winter X Games is going to be sweet! Tickets are already booked.
 Can't wait to listen to more entrepreneur interviews  during my holiday travels 
 RT  St. Paul gliding and glowing Saturday - TwinCities.com   Paul
 The Boss is letting us go early, happy turkey day! Hope the weather holds up for travel.
 Feeling fresh with my new haircut  Thank you Amanda!
 RT  Today, I am excited to announce that it is Alternative Tuesday! Bands will be announced throughout the day... Stay Tuned!
 Can't you tell that I'm ready for Turkey, Cranberries, Deviled Eggs and Gravy!
 RT GBF Nation -  HUGE 2010 holiday kick-off party at The Minnesota Music Cafe Wednesday... 
 RT  Thanksgiving stuffed turkey burgers  Pass the gravy please! Proceeds go directly to local community charities.
 RT Greg Gossel, very inspirational! 100 Creatives:   
 RT  Day 224: Lyric Arts Main Street Stage 
 RT So, Apple's big announcement is they're now selling Beatles albums on iTunes? File that one under who gives a crap.  
 RT Looking forward to this establishment coming back into our community  Uptown Bar Resurrection 
 RT  It's fun to see some actual competition in local news.  competing w/ the Northeaster;  competi ...
 RT Fulton Beer Friday!     
 How to Catch a Sasquatch, Happy Friday! 
 RT  Apple Destroyed Products 
 First year playing Broomball, what can possibly go wrong?
 RT  Don't forget to tip  when you donate! Keep spreading the word...  get this hashtag trending!!!
 RT  Minnesotans have it made, The METRO 100  
 RT Human Behavior Theories That Can be Applied to Web   
 The 6th-annual U.S. Pond Hockey Championships is upon us  it's hockey the way nature intended!
 RT  Study: It’s not just economy in St. Paul bizjournals.com/twincities/new… via 
 Jack Bauer Trying to Get a Free Veterans Day Meal at Applebees  
 Brau Brothers: Check out the cover of the latest Beer Advocate  
 In bike-culture cafes, java meets pedal power--and art   
 One-wheelin': The Twin Cities are a Mecca for urban unicyclists  
 RT Twin Cities small business owners genuinely appreciate your business, so remember to give it to them as much as you can. 
 Web Designers vs. Web Developers - Six Revisions 
 RT Check out the October headline contest winner and submit your own!   
 Thank you for your service to our country.  Happy Veterans Day!
 Great way to wrap that holiday gift.  via  - iFeast Pet-Feeding
 RT  New Post: "What's the name of that place you like with all of the goofy sh*t on the walls?" 
 RT  will this be that last day to sit outside until spring? our furniture is still outside ready willing and able 
 How many more coupons can I get from Groupon?
 Is Target Field on Target?  via 
 RT Our Cheap Date Night Entree Tonight: Chicken Breast or Marinated Mock Duck with Sweet Plum Sauce  
 RT  McRib promotion website may be considered a new form of torture 
 25 Accidents Waiting to Happen. 
 RT  It's bacon lover's heaven today! Jones to sell bacon-flavored soda (via Biz Journal) 
 What makes our city so unique??? Check out  
 looking  web programmers resumes and I still don't understand your language??? Just make it work.
 RT  Rebuilding after Tragedy – Fire at 50th & Bryant   
 Why Facebook Acquiredp File-Sharing Startup Drop.io 
  you can sample food from some of the best and most famous Twin Cities eateries. 
 RT  Logorama: Animation that pokes fun at the annoying big brand culture we have created in the USA 
 RT  Monday Marks the Start of ‘Juicy Lucy Month’ at the 5-8 Club 
 RT Uptown pistol-whipping robbery victim tells tale in her own words:  
 RT  Top 5 happy hours in Lyn-Lake:  
 Making copies like a BOSS!
 RT  TOMS Shoes' giveaways helps it stamp towards profit 
 RT  pedaling fruits, vegetables, herbs, eggs, and more  
 RT  the 3/50 project: Pick 3. Spend 50. Save your local economy  
 MN craft breweries are hoppin -  
 RT  Seth's Blog: I spread your idea because... 
 Nightmare for social network Firesheep Hacker Pokes Privacy Holes in Facebook, Twitter 
 RT  Seeya Ronald! $2.4 billion McDonald makeover   in order to alter perceptions about brand
 if you haven't seen Catfish, you must check it out! 
 BBC: Honk if You're Human 
 Are Politicians the Problem?:  via 
 RT  Surly is great beer! MN craft breweries are hoppin 
 New Top Gun Sequel Movie in the Works Paramount | Internetbits - Net News 
 So, what are you going to be for Halloween?
 Online Marketing for Local Small Businesses  via 
 I'll never have to buy socks again  check out  to get your basic man needs!
  I will destroy you roo29
 ahhhh dayquil, your so good.
 RT  "The Granny." The taste of Fall in a glass. Bourbon, Apple Cider and Orange Spice. $8 
 Photo of the Day! 
 RT  Spoonbridge redesign  The Juicy Lucy adds a little more culture to the garden
 RT    We love  so this would be hard to pass up!  We look forward to meeting you folks.
 RT   Crazy Cool Illustrations by Derek Ring   
 RT  Who serves up the best Juicy Lucy in town? 
 32 OZ of happiness
 Alfred Hitchcock's "Squirrels" 
 RT   Is less than 3 weeks away...do you have your tickets yet?! Go to www.maidenminnesota.com.
 RT  Healthy food = bacon + sausage + eggs + hash brown + pancakes :)   Lori's Diner - Powell St 
 The  Amazing Case Race is almost here!! 
  sorry bears
 Make Better 
 Crowdsourcing 
 Lego Graffiti 
 RT  Last call at Al's 
 RT  10 reasons to buy local!
 WTF is happening to Uptown? - 
