 Now it's time for Criminal Minds!
 That was a good episode of Without a Trace..
 So...this lady gave birth and didn't know she was pregnant 0_o
 Who knows about computers? I am not about to go back to campus to check my email!
 In the meantime, fettuccine alfredo w/chicken & broccoli =)
 Now it won't turn on at all! 
 Something happened to my computer tower last night during that storm!
 I'm following 351 people and I feel like I always see the same couple of ppl tweeting everyday 0_o
 Speaking of...  has a Performance this Saturday at Vondies. Let him know if ur interested in coming. Tickets are $10.
 Me &  1 year anniversary is in 6 days! Wow, how time flies...
 So...a lady was caught breaking into the hotel room of Alex (the host on Jeopardy). What's wrong with ppl?
 It seems like every time I see somethin on the news about someone bein hit by a car, they always show the person's shoe in the street
 Question: Does one shoe always come off of a person who gets hit by a car? If so, why?
 I should get employeed at Discount Tire as much as I'm here smh
 Lemme get my Jeezy on before class...maybe  will help me pass this test =)
 It's VERY annoying that this Skelton man STILL isn't saying where his 3 sons are or whether they're alive or not smh
 Syke! It is so not that serious. People who don't have their priorities together really would do that tho lol
 And tickets go on sale Aug 8th! Well....looks like light, cable and any other bills won't be gettin paid lmao
 Jay-Z & Kanye West will be here on Sept. 22nd. That would be a great early bday gift hint hint..  lol
 Ticketmaster has tickets on sale to see DJ Jazzy Jeff at MGM lol
  WHY would I wanna kno how it feels in TN, Taco? lol
 How does it feel outside?
 I could've been walked over there before they pick up the phone smh
 It feels like I've been on hold with the chemistry dept for about 20 minutes now. wtf?
 So this man escaped from prison 32 years ago and the police just caught him yesterday in Colorado...
 Good Morning Everyone!
  I know I'm late but we love u too lol
  awww love u too! =)
 Now she's hiding under the couch
 Minnie just jumped cuz of that loud thunder...pour baby
 Shout out to the customers at my job who buy pet food so they can feed the strays in the neighborhood
 I'm about to start donating to the Humane Society so they can rescue all the babies (yea I call cats & dogs babies lol)
 I hope they're all somewhere hiding, safely
 Awww times like this is when I wonder where all the stray animals are =/
 This storm gettin a lil outta hand now. We get the point lol
 One game I've never been interested in is Monopoly..I'm way too impatient lol
  Yay! What games u got?
  U should! And bring girlfriend too, so me & Eboni can meet her =)
 A better question would've been: "Who owns any games other than Dominos & Phase 10?" That's who should come lol
 But who would come?
 I guess that would mean me &  would have to buy some more games, huh? We only have Dominos & Phase 10 lol
 I think I wanna have a game night at my place sometime soon 
 Glad I don't work tomorrow. Our District Manager is supposed to be coming in...don't like that guy..
 I want some ice cream
 Lights flickering...I hope the power doesn't go out =/
 That lightning just scared the shhhh outta me!
  HAPPY BDAY!
 Drive safely people!
 FLASH FLOOD WARNING!
 This is probably one of my favorite episodes of Criminal Minds
  Yo bio describes u perfectly...ignorant! lol
 Or always  &  about u have a seat. Thank u.
 For example...ppl be quick to have something about God in their bio...but be the main one's talkin bout smokin, do nothin but cuss, etc.
 I read some ppl's bios...specifically the ppl who be talkin reckless on my TL and all I find is a bunch of contradictions smh
 I feel like I have a quiz or test in this class every other day
 Work went by fast. Don't feel like studying for this math test though...
 RT   someone who wears a durag with the flap out <-- LMAO!
 I don't feel like goin to work..Matta fact..I don't feel like doin anything right about now 
 Drivin down Huron is just as bad as drivin down 7 mile. They need to get this shhh fixed asap!
 Let's see if changing my password helps..
 All this spam bein sent from Twitter to my fone is gettin outta hand smh
  whatever! I feel da same about u! Lmao
  Happy bday bro!
  I won that FREE apartment in Lakeshore. Oh how I loved not paying any rent =)
  Minnie was a puppy...like a month old to be exact..cuz she bad af now lol
  gas was cheap
  I didn't have bills to pay
 Now it's time for some Criminal Minds! And this is actually one I've never seen 
 What a great nap!
  ok, let me know
  thanks lil bro! When u gone be home? or are u here already?
 Tomorrow will be dedicated to studying for Thursday's math test =/
 Finally a day to relax!
  Girl...I HATE math!! Lol
 Does anyone know what time the math lab opens and closes?
 It feels great outside!
 80% on the math quiz that I thought I did horrible on yesterday!
 Time to eat!!
 Has anyone seen the Hillshire Farm commercial? The 1 when the lady starts dancing n da kitchen? I can't take her/this commercial serious lol
 I've been up for 2 hours already...doin homework =/
 Is anyone else watching The View?
 I hate how Whoopi's glasses sit on thee tip of her nose..
  now u kno I eat at any time of the day/night lol Plus, he don't get off work til 12:30 so...
 Random..I don't really care for squeeze cheese
 Yes...doritos, hamburger meat, shredded cheese & mild taco sauce ;)
 Nachos for dinner!
  did u decide whether u partyin wit me &  this weekend or not?
  Thanks!
 2 more weeks of summer classes! Yay!
 I've been doin homework for the past 4-5 hours. I'm exhausted!
 *Changes Channel*
 I hate this episode! This the one when Hoch's wife gets killed =/
 Yeah...I just had a mushy moment lol
 I love  & Minnie with all my heart!
 I need this on dvd..
 I be too excited for Criminal Minds to come on..so I be too heated when they show episodes that I've already seen
 “All human wisdom is summed up in two words - wait and hope”-Pere
 Shout out to Lauryn Hill for being the  trending topic on Yahoo for having baby  a few days ago..
 Am I the only one who doesn't find Tyler Perry's 'House of Payne' to be funny?
 Finally gettn this math homework done..blah..
  yea..i'm weird like dat lol
  I know I'm late but Thanks!
 Just made a burger..with ketchup, mustard, relish and bbq sauce =)
 Hope I pass this math quiz..
  HAPPY BDAY FAV!
  I'ma try; Me and her won't see each other for the rest of the week so she good lol
 Ms. Minnie was up at 4:45 this mornin on 10..that's why I'm so sleepy (finally figured it out lol)
  lol yea...she was tryna be on some slick shhhh but a customer heard her. Her bad lol
 Any who..let me get this work done..talk to y'all later!
 I def called and told my boss...I wonder what's gonna happen now...
 She said she heard her say "I don't like working with n words." 0_o
 OH! Did I tell y'all a customer called the store yesterday tellin me that she heard my cashier using the "n" word??!
 I'm such a procrastinator when it comes to this math class =/
 Still sleepy..but I have a lot of work that needs to be done..
 August 16th needs to hurry up & get here!
 It's Monday, which means the beginning of another school & work week..
 Good Morning!!!
 Finally off work! I'm glad that kitty aint outside my job. I don't have food for it =/
 I know times are bad but dang!
 This lady just argued with me about 50 cents smh
 5 hours down..4.5 to go..
 And this would've been my first time meeting  lil sister =/
 The in-laws are in town from Chicago and I may not get to see them cuz I'm at work all day smh
  really? What u make? U & Minnie must have eaten it all, right? Lol
 3 hours down...6.5 more to go. I wonder what  is gonna cook for dinner 0_o Lol
 1 hour down...8 more to go =/
 Owners of dogs be too naive for me..like their dog isn't capable of runnin off somewhere
 I hate to see dogs that aren't on leashes.
 I'm starving!
 In the meantime, I'm praying for a miracle to happen..
 Getting ready for this 9.5 hour work day. Please let it fly by..
 Happy Sunday Everyone!
 Lemme put that on the calendar lol
 This is the first time that I don't even want any cereal..
 But I don't want anything in this house =/
 I just decided that I'm kinda hungry..
 I was gonna go out...but I dislike my current job so much that I decided to stay home & fill out job apps...hope it pays off..lol
 Hoping and Praying that I find a new job ASAP...gotta be patient though..
 I'm such a softy lol
 Just fed a stray cat outside of my job. I feel sorry for that poor baby =/
 Ok..lemme take myself to sleep..actin like I ain't got nowhere to be tomorrow...
 It must be the weather lol
 Appetite been kinda off. I only want food on certain occasions. I don't do nothin but eat a bunch of junk smh
 Hot as heck again in here...time to get this AC flowin......
 Especially due to the fact that I didn''t read none of the 3 chapters that the quiz was on lol
 Could've done better but an 85 is pretty good for me at 3:30 in the mornin lol
 85% on my last online quiz!
 Almost finished with this study guide. Wtf did she feel the need to put 46 questions on here anyway?
  I agree lol
   Nice to know I'm not weird by myself lol
  LOVE that Twitter name Lil bro lol
  shut up Cinda lol
 Am I the only person who gets bored but don't be feelin like doin nothin? I'm weird lol
 And it was at a camp where kids were at smh
 There was a terrorist attack in Norway! Smh
 And Barbie is the reason why models are so tall now. Models used to be only about 5'2
 The creator of 'Barbie' died! Ohhh no!!
 Why is Borders goin out of business?
  Following back Roomie!
 We broke the 1926 record of 97 degrees by reaching 100 today smh
 Think I'm gonna go job hunting tomorrow! I'm about done with Dollar General smh
 Why did I decide to double major? 0_o
 So my advisor says she predicts that I'll be out of school by December 2013. That's a longgggg time from NOW! smh
 I slept too long. I have a headache now..
  My bad. I met with Regina. And I'm elementary. U? I have to get with a special ed advisor too.
 Quick nap before I take this online quiz..
 Less than a month left of summer classes (Thank God!)
  lol Yeah he do. I think it's comin soon though
  "Shake Life"
  following back sis. How's the baby? I need to meet her!
 Finally registered for all my fall classes 
  TIME & MONEY!
 She know she been bad too cuz she won't come from under the couch
  exactly!
 So..I walk in and Minnie has had a field day in my bag of pretzels smh
 Was anybody just listenin to the premiere of that Jeezy on 102.7??? Off that 103? I CANT WAIT FOR IT TO DROP!!!
 I'm still hot and I'm sittin in the AC smh
 Does anyone have any recommendations for good advisors?
 She done already had me take a class that I didn't need to take smh
 About to meet with my advisor; let's see how this goes..
 And found somewhere to buy some stamps lol
 Finally got my car out the shop!
 Stay cool and hydrated today people!
   thanks!
  how much?
 Where can I get a stamp from besides the post office?
 What time does the post office close?
  yes ma'am!
  Javi got u a RC lmao!!!!
   yall bout to be without a friend in a min if yall keep on! Lol
  that's a lie lmao we be in there foolin niggie lmao!!!!
  wassup?
  no she don't! I be civilized!
 I love my new silver nail polish 
  lmao!!!! I'm DONE
  that's what u not gone call her! And she's currently barkin like she ain't got no sense
 Enjoyin these Ritz Toasted Chips: Sour Cream & Onion flavor..as I wait for dinner to get finished cookin
  shut up lol
  I do NOT always cook chicken lol and I agree with the watermelon but NOT the liquor lol
 What shall I cook with this chicken?
 Now I have to find a ride home from work smh
 I'm just glad I wasn't somewhere far out.
 I hope she doesn't cost a lot to get fixed..
 Car decided not to start while I was at the gas station (of all places). So now she's in the shop =/
  lol that's her
  lmao! Bye foo!
 I feel a nap approaching..
  and i just ended it too!
 Minnie knows how to play soccer lol
  OKAYYYY
  yea..i must agree that 10-7-90 was a beautiful day ta-he-he lol
  wha happen???
  thanks guruullll
 A girl just got killed on her way back from Cedar Point cuz of a drunk driver & a 64 yr old man just had an accident w/a semi smh
 I'm staying away from I-75. All I keep hearing about is accidents on there smh
  lol she needs to keep wigs that have bangs because her forehead is enormous!
  she wear wigs too?
 Does anyone have any recommendations for good apts to move into? My lease is up Aug 31st
 This episode is real good. She has a lady on here talkin about her dad being a serial killer
  Oprah lol
 Might have to stay in this dumb a** for another year instead of transferin to a higher level. The leasing office is makin me mad!
 She be havin some cute wigs though lol
 Is anyone else watching her show right now?
 I'm sorry but I hate lookin at her edges. I know her hair stylist has access to a hot comb or flat irons
 Oprah has all the money in the world. Why can't she get her hair together?
 Which reminds me...I need to go to the bank. I got my check in the mail for my report card lol
 Spoiled Rotten smh
 Minnie has me typing with one hand because she kept whining for me to hold her smh
 Is there anyone else who doesn't eat when they're mad? lol
 Guess I'll finally cook something since I didn't eat dinner last night
  Still in Lakeshore? I don't have yo number anymore
 RT   to my new follower! 
  lmao u EXPECT certain stuff from kids, not adults
 Lemme get this homework done so I can disappear real quick.
 Sick & tired of people's stupidity.
  oh h*ll no..
  lol Are u even in Ypsi?
  well where is it?
 Hope I did good on that math quiz...
 Bought some Bubble Yum just so I can blow bubbles  lol
 I probably shouldn't be eatin hot cheetos while it's this hot outside lol..
  no sir
 And I'm on my way out the door. Hope no one needs to get in touch with me LOL
 Matter fact...no it's not. NO ONE is gonna mess my day up cuz I'm turnin my fone off. How about that..
 LMFAO...today is gonna be one of those days..smh
  oh, where u transferrin to?
  thanks!
 Minnie woke me up promptly at 5 am, exactly 4 hours since her last meal. She too much for me lol
 "Action expresses priorities."-Gandhi
 Werther's flow...
  lol understandable. U graduatin' this year?
 I should be studying...
  Good. Just workin and goin to school. U aren't takin classes this summer?
  thanks! how u been?
  lol I'm mad we're JUST now followin each other though
  it must be cute..thanks Fav! lol
 Michelle seems like she can get hood real quick though lol
 Is anyone else watching them on Oprah right now??
 I love Michelle & Barack Obama! They're so motivational!
 No need to cook dinner anymore
  thanks
  Just sent the request..
  tell her to dm me
 It's gotta be destiny....
  she doesn't know me lol
  her page is blocked
  I'm confused. Your job or hers is hiring? Either way it goes...what job is it and where?
  ok, keep me posted
 My niece  is verrrry special/weird lol
 I wonder if the other inmates who were locked up with Casey Anthony tried to kill her, like majority of the public wants to 0_o
  lol ok, when are u free?
 My attention span is at like...0 right now. I cannot concentrate on this homework if my life depended on it right now smh
 Who is hiring? I'm sick & tired of my job!
  omg! lol It's lookin like we're gonna have to have a game night so I can teach u & my sis lol
  lol It's simple..I'll teach u how to play if u EVER make it back to my house smh
 I feel like playing dominos..
 Dang, it's 11 already?
  Mine is finally back to normal now. Is yours fixed yet?
  lol u think she'll critique my resume for me?
 But if I wasn't following anyone, then I wouldn't have anything on my TL, right?
 Does anyone else's "following" & "followers" say 0 right now? Cuz mine does..wtf is goin on with Twitter today?
  and what do u do for 14 hours?
  where u work?
 So..apparently everyone's world was about to end because Twitter was actin up 0_o
 Is anyone good with creating or critiquing resumes?
 Shout out to everyone who came to support  at the  listening party last night!
 Hamburger Helper for dinner!
 I eat all the small cheetos at the bottom of the bag first  lol
 Hot Cheetos & Apple Juice...
 I took an amazing nap...but I miss  =/
  Thanks for bein concerned foo lol
 Too much homework to do!
 Thanks. Following u back now! 
 I've never met someone as slow as  smh
 Listening Party for   Mixtape will be TONIGHT in River Rain Apts..see y'all there!
 RT  Its 12'O'Clock....  is HERE! 
 Think I have a mosquito bite on my foot!
 I came to work this early to sit in my car, basically...since the floors won't be done til about 8:30 smh
 Got to work and can't even open the store cuz the people are here cleaning the floors smh
 Twitter is makin me mad!
  wowzers? Ok...IM DONE!!
 They love to hate u, to love again..
 My new boss seems pretty cool so far. Just met him today. Lemme not jinx him though lol
  U are overwhelming me with ignorance; therefore, I'm not responding to either of the tweets u just sent me!
 But wait...that means only a month and 1/2 left before Fall classes start and I'm not even  done with Summer classes yet =/
 Only a month and 1/2 to go before we transfer into an upstairs apt! Yay!
  dang...I tried lmao
 The Real is Back....
 Work again at 6 am =/
 Currently being domestic..
 RT  Kinda wishing I was w/  =/ <--- Awww wish u were here too lmao 
 RT  Soooo if you don't know who  is...you're  
 First they told me that it couldn't be done....Tell em' I did it! -Jeezy
 RT  Check out  AVI
 Monk is hilarious lol
 Now I'm about to have a cleaning party =/
 Just woke up from a much needed nap...
 RT  July 17th is the OFFICIAL release date for  Spread the word!!!
 "I ain't a beggin mutha...but n*gga please"-Wayne
 "Make breakfast cuz I got u walkin on egg shells"-Wayne
 "If I don't do nothin I'ma ball.... (no hair)"-Wayne LMFAO...it's really time for me to take a nap after hearin that
 Waffle Crisp...
 Can't believe I've been at work for 3.5 hours already. I'm sleepy!
 Thank God I remembered before it was time for work tomorrow cuz my work shirt is definitely in there lol
 Forgot my clothes were in the washer!
 Yea, I'm reading the bios of the Criminal Minds cast lol
 Oh shoot, Shemar Moore has the same bday as my mom! 
 Why has this show been out since 2005 and I'm just now startin to watch it this year?  smh
 I wish I was smart, like Reid on Criminal Minds. He be on some other shhh lol
 Criminal Minds is the shhhhh!!!
  lmao you're pose to be the only one there?
 I thought Javier had a huge family. Looks like I have him beat lol
 So it's lookin like I'll be makin a trip back to the Eastside for the party & to meet more of my daddy's side of the fam.
 My great-nieces (twins) bdays are this weekend. I met them for the first time on Tuesday =)
 Work at 6 am =/
 Random...I remember when I first met  &  last summer lmao!
  ugh...there's always that one..lol
 Speaking of....The Listening Party for  will be THIS SUNDAY, July 17th in River Rain Apts! We hope u all can make it!
 Here is  album cover for  I dare somebody to try to tell me it ain't sh*ttin! 
 100% on quiz  I'm on a roll!
  girl at discount tire bout to fall asleep lol
 Finally back home
 Phone bout to die so let me stop tweetin =/
 The air in here feels good though. Makes me wanna go to sleep..
 Sittin in Discount Tire, bored out of my mind smh
 Think I wanna get my nails done tomorrow..
 What does it mean if a deceased person appears in your dream?
 Going back to sleep til it's time to get ready for class..
 She's our practice child lol
 We need to teach Minnie some manners lol
 I remember this lil boy slid under the table at Denny's because he couldn't have his way smh
 They're talking about teaching your kids manners, on The View...
 I was not supposed to take this long in Meijer smh
 I think we're havin spaghetti for dinner =)
 Prolly so it'll be easier to put the groceries in the trunk lol
 But I just pulled into one at Meijer, surprisingly
 Anyone who knows me well knows that I always back into parkin spaces..
 I don't think Geeked Up is ever gonna get old. I first heard it in 07 and ppl STILL get hype to it lol
 Who decided that it would be a good idea to paint an Intrepid in zebra print? Only in Ypsi smh
 It feels great outside!
 I hope  has a good day at work! Love u!
 Time to get ready for work...
  Will & Jada are dark skinned now? Lol
 Tomorrow needs to get here so I can find out how I did on that math test..
 Minnie knows how to play fetch...awww lol
  lol what?
 My boss needs not to gimme 2 days off in a row cuz now I done got comfortable bein at home lol
 Ok...time to go back to bed til it's time to get ready for work
 Minnie and  dog was arguin yesterday..barkin & growlin at each other lol
 I have this random pimple above my left eyebrow. I should call off work lol
 There was a shooting at Mandees last night smh No wonder why I've never been there
  lol
  awww thanks bay! Proud to say ur my boyfriend too =)
 This girl just found out her baby daddy's real name ain't Thomas, it's Robert lmao
 Are all of those shoes available on dvd? If so, i want them!
 I just wanna sit at home and watch all the old tv shows: a diff world, boy meets world, 7th heaven, family matters, etc
 Ugh!! There's a 2 headed snake in Ukraine. Those come once every 50 yrs  just thought y'all should know lol
  should've known u were gonna be the FIRST to respond lol
 RT  This Sunday is   Listening Party in The Hamptons
 I guess I need to hear this Beyonce album..
 Shia Labeouf is on ABC!
 Chillin on the Eastside.. Where my Eastside followers at? Lol
  shut up lol
  oh when u comin back?
  if u weren't a chrysler slave, then u would've gotten an invite lol
  awwww! Love u too sis lol
  oh hush up lol
  Just cuz ur a thug don't mean I have to be one too lol
 Forever's a really long time but I really wanna spend it with u...
  thanks!
 What shall I eat?
 Hope I did good on that math test.
 "Welcome the challenges. Look for the opportunities in every situation to learn and grow in wisdom."-Brian Tracy
 Almost done with this study guide...believe it or not =/
 I know some females who clearly need to be following  since he's givin out advice about female etiquette lol
 RT   all the girls who think that if they f**k a lot of niggaz they considered a "pimp"... smh no matta how u ...
  lol not at all. I just so happen to connect with his music lol
 I'm probably the only person who wouldn't mind if the dj played nothing but Jeezy all night at a party lol
  Whoever that is, is lying! He looks just like Ms. Yonnie lol
 "They say life is like a book, so b*tch I read n*ggas"-Jeezy
