 Friends for Village Revitalization: Working with the city to revitalize Del Mar & create a vibrant community  
 Take a field trip to Del Mar Village! Read more via  "Best of LA"
 RT  Don't forget Kitchen1540 RT  thanks for the help!  and  are now both on the pro ...
 Happy Friday friends! "A Dash to Del Mar: A Weekend Family Adventure Where the Turf Meets the Surf" 
 RT  Who's ready? RT  We've got all your best spots to party after Del Mar Opening Day tomorrow:  ...
  Glad to have you in Del Mar! "Headed to  to interview with  on  for Opening Day"
 Fabulous Fascinator! RT  Fascinator fun for  Gals, what hats will you be wearing? 
 Flavor Fun RT    opening day; enjoy race sips, sounds of DJ Jalil & specialty menu options
 RT  A toast to Opening Day in Del Mar! Before heading to the track this Wednesday, join us for complimentary mimosas at Sar ...
 RT  Good bets on Opening Day: Foods for a gambling edge at the track 
 For Wednesday RT  There will be valet in Del Mar near Bully's for Opening Day   
 Visiting Del Mar? New to the area? Utilize this vacation Happy Hour guide featuring     & more
  Nothing beats relaxing beachside in Del Mar after a day at the races! 
  Sounds delish! RT  Brick Chicken w/ roasted fingerling potatoes, pancetta, & sautéed spinach
 RT  Hope you can all come to Free Flight's Summer Membership Open House!!!! FREE ADMISSION, all day. See you there!
  Thanks for RT Jenn! We love Jolie Fleur's floral pieces 
 Thanks to Jolie Fleur in Del Mar for the beautiful flower arrangements designed for the Sunset Soiree! Lovely as always! 
  Great time last weekend! Thanks for coming out!  Sunset Soiree 
 Visit DMVA's Facebook page to view photos from the 1st annual Sunset Soiree hosted by Jenny Craig  courtesy of 
  Thanks for coming out to the 1st Annual Jenny Craig Sunset Soiree on Saturday! 
 Thanks to everyone who joined us at the Jenny Craig Sunset Soiree on Saturday! Pictures from  coming soon!
 RT  Had a great time at the Sunset Soiree last night at  Thanks 
  Glad you enjoyed it!
 RT  Looking forward to the Sunset Soiree, see you there  
 RT  Check out two fun banner projects we just completed for   and   ...
  Agreed!  is the best!
  Can't wait to see them! Thanks for coming out!
 RT  Tasty! RT  Summer Solstice Del Mar 6/23!      ...
 RT  Are you going to the  Summer Solstice event tomorrow night? We'll be there w/  Stop by & h ...
 Summer Solstice Del Mar 6/23        
 Are you a pet-toting traveler? Give  a visit! Learn about pet friendly vacation destinations via  
 RT  Stars & Stripes Special!  On Flag Day, 6/14 only, we r offering $50 facial & massage treatments (50 min.)!!  It's a grand ...
  Thanks for the   You're a rockstar!    
 RT   to some rockstars     
             
 Namaste! RT  Calling all Yogis!  Spa Na'Mara now offers wkly Yoga Classes! 
 RT  Get   Say the password for June (SUNSHINE) and get special treats at check-in.
   Can't wait to see it at Summer Solstice! Cute website and goodies! 
 RT  Having FUN putting together a Big & Fabulous basket to donate to  for their Summer Solstice Event in two  ...
 RT  RT  Don't miss out on Summer Solstice!  Such a fun event  
       Summer Solstice is almost here! Can't wait!
   Thanks for visiting Del Mar!     
 Fried Kool Aid anyone? Chicken Charlie serves it up with  while talking about the SD County Fair 
 Check out Del Mar TV's short video highlighting DMVA's History Tour with Del Mar Heights 3rd graders. So FUN! 
  Can't go wrong with Prime Rib for Dad on Father's Day! Thanks for sharing. Sounds delish!
 Fun Food Month in SD including  Summer Solstice RT  SD Food Events: June's looking delicious 
 Del Mar Garden Club recognizes Spring 2011 businesses for their beautification efforts downtown. View winner photos here: 
 Happy Friday! Who will be in Del Mar this Weekend?  listed top 10 for Memorial Day beach destinations via  
 Del Mar Village History Tour photos with Del Mar Heights Elementary 
 Volunteer for DMVA's Summer Solstice in   
 RT  want a fun daytime date, grab lunch at any adorable cafe's in downtown Del Mar  then come hang out wit ...
 Come to Camino Del Mar for Sushi Japone's May Special: Jalapeno Yellowtail Roll with Spicy Tuna, Avocado and Asparagus! 
 Celebrate MOM all week for Mother's Day with  and  
 Enjoy Mother's Day Brunch at Crepes & Corks in Del Mar this Sunday! Complimentary cupcake for moms 
 Love the new webcam at L'Auberge! RT  Take a break and peek at the Pacific w/ our new HD Sunset Webcam 
 Reserve your tickets today for DMVA's Summer Solstice event featuring Del Mar restaurants and regional wineries!  
  Wonderful! Great spot. Hope to see you in the Village soon. Enjoy your lunch!
  Great  TwitPic! Powerhouse Park?
 RT  Nice USA Today article    Del Mar is kind of amazing! :)
      Food for thought: Del Mar  Restaurant Guide! 
  Yum!  Salted caramel sounds good right now RT   can't get enough of your salted caramel : )
 RT   That's good you RT'd  I didn't know about them yet!
 RT   Picking up coffee for me and my next clien- Plus I couldn't resist the white chocolate chip cookie-yum!
  What's for lunch?! RT  I just became the mayor of Stratford Court Cafe on  
 We love  RT   Our pleasure! Del Mar is such a great place for date night! :)
  Glad to be a resource! RT   That's good you RT'd  I didn't know about them yet!
  Thanks for sharing! En Fuego      
 Happy Easter! Enjoy the day with family and friends in Del Mar Village 
 RT  Just a heads up: Dexter's will be closed on Easter.
 RT  Happy Easter! We are open today for all your last minute holiday treats.
  Thanks for sharing EAT FOR THE EARTH: Celebrate  w/ the Del Mar Farmer's Market Sat. 1pm-4pm 
 How sweet is your mom   RT  Your mom called - she said to hook her up 
 RT  RT  Things to do in SD via  Note  Buttermilk pancakes & coffee anyone?! 
  In for another round?! Del Mar Summer Solstice wouldn't be the same without you and the BREW  
 The early bird ALWAYS catches the worm...So don't be late & take advantage of Del Mar Summer Solstice Pre-Sale Tix!  
 RT   sure uses good looking models for their Summer Solstice event. 
 Fabulous Photo! RT  Great old photo of a starting gate at Del Mar Racetrack. 
   We're excited to have  in Del Mar! 
 RT  Good news!  opening soon in New Orleans, Del Mar, Vancouver, Xiamen, Taipei, Liverpool, Newcastle, Manchester
 It's time for North County to shine! RT  San Diego: don't miss  party!  
 It wouldn't be a party without Del Mar! RT  If you love the feature, don't miss  party! 
  Love the North County love! - San Diego Magazine: Best of North County 
 RT  Keep up with San Diego's culinary rock stars via   featuring  chef Jason Maitland
 OOOooh yea! RT  woo happy  to some awesome tweeps     
 RT  Just so young at heart. RT  San Diego Listed Among Nation's 'Most Youthful' Cities! 
 RT  St. Peter's News and Events  via 
 RT  RT  ‎365 Things to do in SD via  Note  Banana buttermilk pancakes anyone?! 
 Count me in! RT  3 words: Bloody Mary Bar. RT  Easter Brunch: Your Way | L'Auberge Del Mar 
 Local Restaurant  gives back to  via   
 Thanks to the City of Del Mar, DMVA Board, and guest speaker Betsy Jackson for attending our annual retreat  
 DMVA Executive Director Jen Grove and board member Linda Rock express support to help downtown parking via  
 Bee Happy! Spring specials from Clone Printing  
 Green is Good! Del Mar hot spots Board & Brew and  recognized by  in   
  from 4pm-8pm at Crepes and Corkes Cafe in Del Mar!     
 RT  Foodie people! We know you're out there. Have you voted for your favorite  in  
 Classic  Historical Photo 1937 RT  1st patron stepping in the track w/ ticket taker  
 Last chance to purchase  March Vintner Dinner Tickets supporting DMVA. Hope you can attend!  
 Thanks  Supervisor  for supporting efforts to revitalize our community! Details via  
 For our Del Mar Dogs! RT  RT  Mingle with animal lovers and dogs at our monthly doggie cafe 
 You bet and Happy Monday to you too! RT   Thanks for the mention and support! Happy Monday
 RT  Psst  's 2011 Poll is up! If you think we're the Best Burger spot in town, cast your vote: 
  Thanks for the "Delightful Del Mar" post!  Check it out! 
  We love our interns! RT    Great work today! Glad you're on the  team!
 Happy St. Patricks Day Del Mar!
 Crepes and Corks Wine Pairing Today!    Details here: 
 Del Mar Village Association Needs Your Input  
  Golfers RT  Improve golf performance and ease injuries with our new   
 RT   You bet! Shared on Facebook too  We look forward to having you again in Del Mar 
 James Beard Foundation rising star  returns to Crows Pass Farm for Outstanding in the Field event 
 RT  Congrats to all the DMP locations who made  Best of 2011 list   
 Latest updates from  RT  St. Peter's Del Mar Events 
 RT  Tsunami spectators RT  Take a peek at the morning beach gatherings in Del Mar this am 
 RT  Final day for the Alisa Benay Trunk show is tomorrow! This gown and many more. Call to book your apt. 
  Nice! Sounds fun! Let us know if you upload any pictures from the event.
 Looks fun! RT  Book Club, Writer's Club & more...  via 
 Celebrate Starbucks and visit the Del Mar location on 15th RT  Thank you for enjoying great coffee with us for 40 years!
 For those who like to wine and dine! RT  Hey Wine Lovers - this one's for you. 
 Check out  in  article by Donna Wilkins! 
 RT  Starting today, glam up and 20% of proceeds will benefit   Details here: 
  Finding a parking solution is an ongoing project in Del Mar. Hopefully you still enjoyed your time in the village! Good day!
  Sounds fabulous! Where's your event?
    Agreed. Loving the sun! Hope you had fun at Del Mar Pizza! Great place.
 RT  Join the Young Adults Saturday at 7:30 pm for the musical "She Loves Me" at MiraCosta College 
 RT  Spending my weekend with  in Del Mar at  2011  Love a convertible!
 Lovin' this weather! Great day to enjoy our ocean view upper deck! RT  Wow! Del Mar is Beeeeautiful right now.
 SO nice! RT  Gorgeous! RT  Beautiful day at   
   Thanks for the RT's! Have a great day!
 You bet! It's beautiful! RT     Thanks for the  Hope youre enjoying the gorgeous day!
 Happy Friday!          
 Lovely! RT  We received our Alisa Benay dresses! Theyre gorgeous! The material feels like heaven :)
 Crepes & Corks wine tasting and pairing w/ Casa de Uvas featuring Carr Vineyard and Sierra Madre, March 16 from 6pm-9pm 
 Downtown Del Mar directories and collateral featured in Hula Girl Design Newsletter 
 DMVA and  Vintner Dinner March 2011  Hope you can make it out!
 Great talking biz w/ Supervisor  and  during the "Doing Business with your Local Government" 
 Cool as ever! RT  Some rare footage of Seabiscuit winning a match race at Del Mar. 
 RT  RT  Travertine Spa Mag is out  Top stories via    
 DMVA and  invite you to a Spring Vintner Dinner Sunday, March 27 at 6 pm  Hope to see you there!
 RT  Relaxation for a year!  RT  Want a free year of spa? Enter for a chance to win:   
 Sounds fun! Any TwitPics?RT  good morning! we've been getting lots of hair and make up trials lately! girls look gorgeous :)
 Nice! RT  We've made it into the March issue of  - pick up a copy and prepare to "Say Om"! 
 RT  And the voting begins for Travel + Leisure's World's Best Hotels of 2011...who are you voting for? 
 RT  Love fresh local food? Check out where Del Mar’s best fresh produce weekly down the street. 
  Happy Friday! Thanks for the RT!
 Happy FF RT          
 It's going to be a great year! Thanks to the community members who support the vitality of our Village 
 We're looking forward to another great year! Learn more about DMVA's Circle of Friends! 
 Beautiful picture of  and fabulous contest hosted by Trazzler 
 Lots of great spas in Del Mar. Check out trends via  RT  Spa Trends: Spa-ing for Health 
 Take your pup to Dog Beach and celebrate International Dog Biscuit Appreciation Day w/ a treat from  
 RT  Glad to have  at  Congrats on making  TOP TEN! 
 'The Stratford': Prepare to Be Charmed - Encinitas, CA Patch 
 RT  5 unique venues for a wedding reception RT  Wedding Receptions & Rehearsal Dinners 
 Dr. Paul Chasan and wife Mary Chasan move practice and in-house boutique to  Village via  
 Looks amazing! RT  It's bliss.  So have it your way. 
 It's that time of year again! We encourage anyone who cares about the history and the future of Del Mar Village to joi…
 Atten: Brides to Be RT  Our gown made the cover! Somsi Couture ONLY available at The Bustle in Del Mar 
 Mayor Don Mosier talks about volunteerism in Del Mar - via  
 RT  Live, Love, Laugh Happy Valentines Day  via 
 RT  Editors Pick: we share our culinary favorites Kitchen 1540,   and more 
 RT  KITCHEN 1540 RT  In Editors' Picks, we share a few of our culinary favorites & more. 
 RT   I fell in LOVE with your fried pickles  taste & art stroll 
 RT  1st 25 at any  Smashburger on Vday get freebies by mentioning codes: La Jolla: ARTSMASH, Del Mar: HIKESMASH,...
 Early Valentine's Day Italian Tasting Menu From Crepes and Corks  
 RT  Go ahead ladies. Doesnt hurt to give your honey a hint for Valentines Day  
  Thanks! You too. Have a beautiful weekend! 
 RT  It's a great day for live music at DMP! Join us on the upper deck from 5pm-7pm with  
 Clone loves you! In the spirit of Valentines Day Clone Copy & Print is offering special deals for the month of Feb 
 Happy Friday!        
 How about a romantic getaway this  Del Mar Gift idea  from Del Mar Motel on the Beach 
 Treat your sweetheart!  Del Mar Gift Idea  from  
 We love Tiernan tunes! RT  Playing a show in Del Mar, CA at 7:00 PM today at En Fuego 
 Agreed! Fresh is good. See how   is using local/organic produce for the Terrace & Bleu Bar Menu 
 Coast News Group - Bench dedicated to ‘consummate’ volunteer  via 
 Thanks for everything! We loved the Smash Snack after the Helen Glaser ceremony! Wonderful turn out! RT  So excited!
 A picture of Peter Glaser speaking about Helen during today's ceremony. 
 Thanks to everyone who came out to   for the Helen Glaser Bench Ceremony! We appreciate the support!
 Today the community is invited to the Helen Glaser Bench Dedication beginning at 12pm  near  
 Who can name all these ingredients? RT  Some of the ingredients for our XO sauce  
 Feed Your Heart & Soul at En Fuego and support American Heart Month February 2  via 
 Love this!  RT  Twitter Tues  First 5 dinner patrons to say 'aloha' to the valet receive free parking!
 Can't go wrong with a Del Mar Date Night! RT  Date night?  has you covered. 
 RT  We're offering free 15-minute shoulder massages from 9AM-5PM 1/25 & 1/26. First timers call 858.793.1104 
 We look forward to having you in Del Mar RT  RT    check out  after Torrey
  Thanks for keeping us happy and healthy! Can't wait to catch up on these healthy tips 
 Del Mar Motel did a great job capturing the beautiful weekend in  Take time to learn about their January special 
  extended! Del Mar participants include  Kitchen 1540 Poseidon  
  Thanks for sharing. "Del Mar community member Helen Glaser to be honored at ceremony Jan. 28" 
 Now thats service w/ a smile! RT  Our new & improved Front Desk and Concierge uniforms. Très chic! 
 RT  Friends of Powerhouse casino night to help raise money for Beach Safety Center & Lifeguard Headquarters 
 If you're not up for Restaurant Week, visit PrepKitchen in  as an alternative! 
 Crepes and Corks Cafe  menu 
 Its all about dining in  and the weather is just right for  Here's the Del Mar listing 
  Happy Friday! We'll be there tonight at 8pm to hear live music with Greg Feldman. Cheers! 
  Visit us at  to help plan your April trip! You'll love local hot spots like  and 
  Glad you enjoyed your visit to Del Mar! That sandwich from Stratford Court looks amazing! Come back soon! 
 RT  Start the year off right by joining Club 360 - get in on our health + spa tips and loads of insider deals 
 RT  Visit your favorite Del Mar Plaza dining destination for  Click here for full listing 
 This is great! RT  Our favorite NYE shot! 
 RT  Check out our new  channel featuring our videos from last week's segments on  
 Very nice! RT  You got that right!  RT  So very pretty in pink :)  
 Dont miss! RT  Want expert tips on natural remedies for preventing & curing colds? Watch  tomorrow at 7:50am and 9am!
  How do you win tickets? RT  For the holidays, we're giving away 4 tix to the  game in 
 RT  Just a few seats left for KITCHEN 1540's early seating on New Year's Eve...come and get em, folks! 
 Discover San Diego's finest dining destinations from downtown to Del Mar to jump start your New Year's 
 Holiday Wonderland Pics are up on our Facebook page! 
 Holidays in the Heart! RT  Today's the last day to take photos with Santa at DMP! Say Hi between 1pm-3pm 
 Ho Ho Ho! Happy Holidays! RT  Santa Clause is coming to town! 
 RT  Santa arrives on his sleigh 12/18-12/19! Take your photo on Street Level next from 1pm-3pm 
 Go Chargers! Lots of places to watch the game in Del Mar tonight! Bully's,  Crepes and Corks, JimmyO's, 
 Shop, Dine, and Experience Del Mar this Holiday Season w/ Santa, live music, free parking, holiday performances & more 
 Glad you guys could make it out! RT   A few of our favorites shots from this year's Holiday Wonderland
 Enjoy Paella one more time in 2010 at Crepes and Corks on December 11 from 6pm-9pm! 
 Holiday Wonderland in  Thanks to everyone who came out this weekend 
 Check it out! RT  Preview video of  upcoming Holiday Wonderland, set for 12/5 
 Lots going on  for Holiday Wonderland!  Special appearances and children's book drive 
 Visit the RELAXATION STATION  during Holiday Wonderland in Del Mar this Sunday from 12pm to 4pm 
  Great pic! Glad you could make it for the   
 Join us at  for our annual community tree lighting RT  We got the holidays on our mind 
 RT  Shopping at   today? Parking is free so make sure you also may time for a post-shopping burger!
 Us too! RT  We're getting very excited for  Holiday Wonderland right around the corner on Dec. 5! 
 Visit Del Mar Village for your holiday shopping! Lots of seasonal sales including Annmarie D'Ercole starting 11/26 
 Toys for Tots Drop off - Downtown Del Mar  
  These PINK pics get us pumped! RT   Our photos are up from this morning too! 
 Del Mar LOVES the Susan G. Komen 3 Day Walkers! - More pictures via  
 RT   Lovin the sombrero! Great having you in Del Mar! RT  More PINK! 
 Thanks for joining us today     
 Who saw En Fuego on   for the Official Del Mar Village Cheering Station? 
 RT  Get over that mid-week hump with a stop by Zel's for WINE Wednesday! Half off bottles of red or white wine anyone?
 Yum! RT  Want a lighter take on calamari? Try Zel's Calamari Salad - w/ same satisfying crunch on a bed of spinach & veges!
 Grab your pom poms and your pink! DMVA cheering station for  3-Day Walkers Friday 11/19 
 Sample delicious wines from Purple Wine Company at La Tienda Wine Room near En Fuego this Thursday 11/18  
 Cheers! RT  It's finally Friday! Celebrate with Friday Live Music Nights at Del Mar Plaza from 5pm-7pm! 
 RT   New must-tries coast 2 coast!      (Del Mar!)
 Need a jingle? Cruise coastal this season for holiday happenings  
 Meet Marshall Lubin  tonight from 7pm-9pm and discover the tale of 2 boys and their wild journey! 
 Rock some PINK on November 19, 2010 at the official cheering station in support of the Susan G. Komen 3-Day Walkers! 
 Calling all cheerleaders! Paint the town PINK in Del Mar 11/19 and support the Susan G. Komen 3 Day Walkers! 
 Celebrate the new wine bar at Crepes & Corks Cafe on 11/10. Enjoy live music and all night happy hour! 
  Yes we do!   RT  We've got holidays on the brain. You too? 
 RT  Monster Mash? How 'bout Monster Smash! Come to  at DMP on Halloween where kids eat free after 3pm w/ adult
  Congratulations for winning the “Tastiest Taste” contest hosted by  at  
  Thanks for coming out! It was great having you in Del Mar Village! RT  off to Del Mar.
 Del Mar Village was filled with Trick or Treaters yesterday! Thanks to all the local businesses who participated! 
 Love it! - "Eat, Drink, & Be Scary" this weekend in Del Mar Village and  (via  
 Don't be scared! Visit Del Mar Village this Sunday for an old fashioned Halloween with family and friends! 
 Sounds fun! RT  Local SD flip flop rocker  joins us Fri. followed by  Sat., both  8p.m.
 Check out illusionist, Joel Ward on the Bonnie Hunt Show! He'll be in Del Mar for Halloween in the Village this Sunday 
 FREE GHOULISHLY FUN ACTIVITES IN DEL MAR! Trick or Treating, Magic, and crafts on Sunday Oct. 24 
 Celebrate an Old Fashioned Halloween in Del Mar Sunday, October 24! 
 Love it! RT  RT  I'll be there! Stoked for art, fun and food.   
 Thrilled! RT  We're so excited for the  happening at  tomorrow! Be prepared for delicious tastes..
 Owner Jenn Powers of Zel's serves it up on  and talks about Taste  & Art Stroll in Del Mar! 
 Del Mar Taste and Art Stroll PRE SALE tickets close today at 12pm 
 RT  Gearing up for   happening this Saturday. Anyone else going?
 Super fun!! RT  See  get down for the cause  on 10/4. 
 RT  Looking for a convenient dessert? Zoom on over to Mission Valley, La Jolla or Del Mar for a irresistible Oreo milkshakes!
 RT  Don't miss Zel's on  new this morning at 9:15!! We are at the studio warming up the pizza oven right now!
 Cool off and come to the coast this weekend for Del Mar Taste and Art Stroll 
 You won't want to miss Summer Solstice next year after watching our newly released video from Time Warner Cable 
 RT  Don't delay in purchasing your Taste tickets!  Taste & Art Stroll takes place Sat 10/2 
 Meet musician Debora Galan playing Taste and Art Stroll 10/2 at the  amphitheater 
 RT  Friday Live Music Nights at DMP tonight w/ Bviolin from 6pm-8pm! For more info visit our event calendar 
 Family Fun at Del Mar Taste and Art Stroll! Enjoy our Kid's Interactive Area and music  on 10/2 
 Lots to see and eat at Taste & Art Stroll on 10/2  Enjoy a fine selection of tastes for only $30 
 RT  Del Mar Village, tasty food, & beautiful art = trifecta! RT  10/2 is  's Taste of Del Mar!...
 Stop by  Now through 9/13  will donate $1 to the DMVA for every SD Burger sold 
   Hope to see you at Taste and Art Stroll in Del Mar!  Check out our video for more info  Cheers!
 See you there! RT  10/2 is going to be one delicious day. It's  's Taste of Del Mar! 
  Thanks for the community support!  Smashburger Hosts DMVA fundraiser Sept. 7 – Sept.13
 Read about newly crowned  Star Aarti Sequeira, who provided samples at Summer Solstice! via  
 New to Taste and Art Stroll in Del Mar? Learn more via  
 Photos from Del Mar Day at the Races via  
 Watch the 2010 Taste and Art Stroll video to learn more about our annual event held in the heart of Del Mar 
 RT  Aarti becomes The Next Food Network Star. From the winning moment to details of her new show (Aarti Party).  ...
 RT  Sweet Del Mar tweets       
 RT  Enjoy live music with Steven Ybarra on our ocean view upper deck tonight from 6pm-8pm 
 Happy          
 Make it your lucky day! Grab tickets to DMVA's Del Mar Day at the Races  August, 22 
 Join DMVA and the History Committee for a Day at the Races on Sunday, August 22, 2010 
 RT  August 24  will open it's second location on  
 Save the date! October 2, enjoy a FREE art stroll and TICKETED restaurant taste in the heart of Del Mar 
 RT  More fabulous photos from Opening Day 
 Enjoy a Tequila summer dinner at En Fuego tomorrow starting at 6:30pm with  
 DMVA Executive Director in  
  Excited for ONSURFARI HAITI Premiere hosted by  tomorrow at Rusty's Del Mar 
 It's Monday Madness all night long at En Fuego starting at 4:30pm in Del Mar!
 Check it out!  happenings via  
 Love it! RT  Del Mar keeps gettin better! RT  3 weeks until we open in  We’re excited to become...
 Looking forward to next week! Attending Opening Day  and   After Party 
  Stoked to have you guys on  and  Can't wait for the Opening in August!
 Its almost race season folks! Get your tickets for Day at the Races at the Thoroughbred Club on Sunday, August 22 
 Weekends just got hotter at En Fuego! Enjoy brunch specials and $4 Bloody Marys/Mimosas every Sunday 
 What's the plan for Opening Day?! We'll be  with  for the 2nd Annual Opening Day After-Party 
 RT  Congrats to  and Chef Nohara for winning at the 7th Annual Beer & Sake Festival in San Diego  ...
 See you there!   RT  July 10 from 4-5pm, Del Mar Plaza presents Racewear Fashions 
 Happy Friday from Del Mar!       
 RT  Here's new Sous Chef Tommy from 1540:  RT  Summer Solstice Pics 
 RT  Fun  racewear fashions event  coming up on 7/10. Hope to see you there! 
 Summer Solstice Pictures are up! 
 RT  This Friday join  and other local flavors at the 2010 Beer & Sake Festival 
  THANK YOU! Great tastes from Kitchen 1540 at Summer Solstice!
 RT  Sunset Yogurt is already popular among locals and visitors! Stop by the Grand Opening June 19 
 Poseidon Del Mar is today's daily deal on  
 See what's up on main street Del Mar! Summer 2010 Newsletter 
 Coming home for summer? DMVA is looking for bright, enthusiastic college/high school interns! 
   you bet! Can't wait! RT  Thx for the RTs  We are looking forward to Summer Solstice...
 RT  COMING SOON! Custom hats, headpieces, handbags, and accessories from Del Mar Hat Company! 
 It's wedding season in Del Mar! RT  Chic, intimate weddings a la L'Auberge. 
 Tickets are flyin'! Wine, dine and bid to the sensational summer sounds of Salsa Steel at Summer Solstice 
 Clone Duplicating wish you a safe and happy Memorial Day weekend! 
 Lots to look forward to in Del Mar! RT  The latest and greatest in Del Mar from  
   Hope to see you there! Local wineries and breweries, over 21 restaurants, beautiful ocean view...Can't wait!
 Tickets are flying! Don't miss out on Summer Solstice Silent Auction items from   and many more 
 Enjoy the culinary creations at Summer Solstice from aspiring  stars alongside fabulous Del Mar restaurants! 
 Never been to Summer Solstice? Check out DMVA's video on  and learn about this fabulous event! 
 Celebrate Jimmy O's 10yr anniversary on June 1st! Starting at 5pm enjoy a free buffet, poppin tunes & and giveaways! 
 Doreen and Aarti from the  'sTHE NEXT FOOD NETWORK STAR make culinary creations to Summer Solstice 
 RT   and  team up again! 
  We look forward to seeing you there! 
 Great vintner dinner on Sunday  Thanks to everyone who made it out, we appreciate the support!
 Del Mar is always in season! Check out Summer Solstice online with  
 No doubt about it! RT  Del Mar is gorgeous today! 
 Jimmy O's is today's daily deal on  
 Thanks Time Warner for being a DMVA Summer Solstice sponsor! We appreciate the support! 
 What do you get when you mix food, wine, ales, and 2 finalists from THE NEXT FOOD NETWORK STAR!? Fun in the sun! 
 Would you like to donate an auction item at Summer Solstice in Del Mar? Please email us at  info
 Celebrate the Arrival of Summer Ocean Front in Del Mar! 
 Mark your calendars! 
 Meet two finalists from  most watched series! THE NEXT FOOD NETWORK STAR comes to Summer Solstice 
 Meet Doreen Fang, Season 6 Next Food Network Star finalist at Summer Solstice 
 DMVA Vintner Dinner SOLD OUT for Sunday, May 23, 2010 at 
 Have you purchased your tix for DMVAs Vintner Dinner? FEATURING Hess, Mark West, B Cellars, Evolve & Pagani Ranch 
 See what Aarti and Doreen from  bring to the table at Summer Solstice!
 Happy Mothers Day!
 RT  Mark Langford of Del Mar Spanish Guitar tonight 5/7 from 6-8pm on the upper deck.  
 HAPPY FRIDAY! Its a beautiful day in Del Mar!
 Check out THE NEXT FOOD NETWORK STAR in Del Mar! Aarti and Doreen serve it up at Summer Solstice! 
 “Be bold, be joyful, be tough.” – Meet Aarti of THE NEXT FOOD NETWORK STAR giving tastes at Summer Solstice 
  It's margarita time in Del Mar at En Fuego! Come on over!
 Del Mar wishes you a happy Cinco de Mayo! Make sure to join us later for a margarita at En Fuego!
 Get excited!  finalists Doreen Fang and Aarti Sequeira will be at Summer Solstice June 17th! 
 Vintner Dinner FEATURING Hess Chardonnay, Mark West Pinot Noir, B Cellars Blend 25 and Pagani Ranch Zinfandel 
 Check out the menu for the  and DMVA Spring Vintner Dinner! 
  and DMVA invite you to a Spring Vintner Dinner in Del Mar May 23rd 
 RT  One more day til Chef Celebration! Did you make your reservation yet? 
 DMVA welcomes Board and Brew as a new partner! 
 You don't want to miss out on DMVA's largest fundraiser!  solstice 
 Beautiful day to walk in the Village.
 Enjoy Friday Live Music Nights with Jimmy and Enrique from 6pm-8pm at Del Mar Plaza! 
 On June 17th join us for DMVA's largest mainstreet fundraiser benefitting the downtown! 
 TS Tuesdays at Jake's Del Mar 
 RT  Score bonus points with MOM and make an online reservation at Pacifica Del Mar this Mother's Day! 
 DMVA loves Pacifica Del Mar's new web site! Check it! out 
 Join Jimmy O's new VIP TEXT CLUB! Simply text JIM2 to 759289. Receive specials, updates, FREE drinks or even cuts in line! ;)
 Have you bought your tickets to Summer Solstice yet? 
 It's a beautiful day in Del Mar and the work day is almost over! You know what that means 
 SD Vision provides San Diegans with a video tour through downtown Del Mar 
 Make sure to enjoy specials from Americana, Giorgios, Sbicca, Crepes&Corks, Brigantine, En Fuego, Pacifica 
 It’s Tuesday in Del Mar! Enjoy 1/2 Price Bottles of Wine and Taco Tuesday all on mainstreet! For locations visit 
 Volunteer at the Del Mar Visitor Information Center this Summer! Click for more information 
 Mainstreet Meet Up in Del Mar with Cardiff and Encinitas 
  - Tix do SELL OUT! Experience front row sunset views, ocean breezes and live music to celebrate Summer Solstice
 Gotta sweet tooth? Sbicca Del Mar has a new dessert menu including Peach Crumble Pie with Buttermilk Gelato 
 Summer Solstice tickets are flying! This culinary event and silent auction will sell out! Don't miss! 
 RT  Our green team is prepping for  Read more on SD Zoo Cans for Critters  
  Thanks for the 
 Watch Modern Luxury video and discover how  does romance 
  Make it Your LUCKY Day in Del Mar Wednesday, March 17th from 6pm-9pm
 Make it your lucky day in Del Mar Wednesday, March 17th! 
 Tickets on sale now for Summer Solstice 2010 
 Tuesday's in Del Mar 
 Congrats   for  Best American, Best Cocktails, and Best Service for Kitchen 1540 and Bar Bleu!
 Check out the March issue of  featuring  Kitchen 1540 and Bar Bleu in SD's Best of 2010 
 Bored of the Stand Up? Zach Groban shares an alternative solution for flat spells with Del Mar surfers 
 Great presentation Kennedy Smith! Wonderful having you in Del Mar.
 Excited for the DMVA Annual Retreat at  featuring guest speaker Kennedy Smith! 
 Grab a bite in the Village before the show  RT  Cirque Du Soleil "Kooza" invade Del Mar 
 Get to know Kennedy Smith and Clue Group  Tomorrow Smith will be speaking at DMVA's annual retreat
 DMVA cheers for Rachael Flatt as the Del Mar native makes her Olympic debut! Click to view more local support 
 Details on Summer Solstice 2010 and slide show from 2009 
 Discover the Art & Soul of Food with Exclusive Collections and KITCHEN 1540 
 Tickets for Summer Solstice 2010 are now on SALE. We hope to see you there! 
 March 7th  invites you to join the Cook Confab crew and Chef McCabe for the culinary event EGG! 
 RT  Video of  playing a romantic set to Casablanca during our Sweetheart Weekend 
 Got a case of the Mondays? Come to Jimmy O's for Happy Hour from 4-6pm 
 Meet DMVA Intern Sarah Esserlieu! 
 RT  Hey lovebirds! Join us before or after dinner! FREE Live Music Nights Feb. 12-14 starting  6pm 
 RT  Playing a show in Del Mar, CA at 7:30 PM today at En Fuego Cantina 
 Summer Solstice tix on sale! Event spotlighting Del Mar restaurants & CA wineries/breweries. Great turnout last year 
 Happy        
  Great pics of  Hope you enjoyed your stay! 
 RT  The perfect event for our art-loving couples! Feast your eyes and join Chef Paul and Christopher M... ...
 Thanks for the follow  I think you'll be interested in the Valentine's Sweetheart Weekend  
  on Camino Del Mar is offering $15 off purchases $75+ now through Feb 19! Stop by and ask for details!
 Welcome to Twitter  Glad to see you on here!
 Grab your loved ones next week and share a fun weekend of music, cinema, fashion and flowers  
 Don’t miss out on this opportunity SWEETHEART! One lovely winner gets ALL these items on display  Suite 317 
 Stratford Court has a complimentary ROSE for your sweetheart when you join them for Sunday brunch on Valentine’s Day 
   listed under  SD’s Best Restaurants 2010 
 Thanks for the 100th Follow 
