 I'm happy that now when I get stressed I want to work out, instead of eating junk! :)))
 Rocking out to Pendulum. Great, intense 
 RT  RT  Fusicology Events - Feel Good Friday w/ DJ Excel B. Howard, Stix  via (cont)  ...
  Yaay finally! :)
 Finally updated my Google calendar - I need an assistant
 Yoga, sauna, sundeck, beach, then getting ready for the week. Lazy Sunday.
 One cup of coffee has me going a million miles a minute. BAD idea!
  this morning.
  we need to talk soon. Are you around this weekend?
 Feeling anxious today. I need to make something happen this weekend.
 This situation with News of the World is insane. I NEED one of those final issues.
 Trouble...on my mind. Love this Pusha T and 
 So, Nelly Air Force Ones just came on...I can't even focus right now!
 I have to do math allllll afternoon...I hate this part. Hopefully I can learn to love it.
 So excited about so many projects that I WISH I could share with you all right now! A matter of time :)
 RT  I'm not trying to sound like a badass or anything but I stepped on a lego in the dark and didn't cry.
 RT  A CEO gets 3years in prison for$3B FRAUD- A homeless man in Louisiana gets 15 years for stealing $100-after voluntar ...
 RT  Pusha T x Tyler The Creator “Trouble On My Mind” 
   No surprise there. Next time around!
  Camia!! How was  . I'm so sad I missed it.
  makes me so happy!
 Bucket list includes attending  IN rio 2011 or 2014 and attending the Olympic games.
 Really wish I could go to 
 Consulting your publicist mid interview...haha, nice   via 
 Can't wait to get back in the gym!
 :) It feels so good to be back!!
 Jumping right back into it. This is going to be an interesting week.
 So happy to be back in LA. The journey is always re-inspiring. A lotta love.
 Most amazing cookout with my fam in   Back to LaLa land tomorrow. Was so necessary to reenergize.
 :) family cookout. I have the best fam!!
 My wedding will be anything but traditional.
 Church in the middle of Pennsylvania... Im so out of my element!
 I just got 24 ounces of blue moon for $4. This feels surreal.
 I miss having a yard. The sundeck at sports club LA is the closest thing I have to a yard right now!
 Touched down in Ohio. A few days of the simple life. Miles of forest :)
 People watching in airports is priceless.
 Airport bathrooms are the naaaastiest
  We need to meet up soon. I'll be in Ohio this weekend, but soon lady!
  's Kingston Story is on Spotify. I'm excited. Taking over 
 I just got Spotify...I'm excited.
 I hate California Pizza Kitchen..except when it's free. Ugh, no good.
  Your tweets are the only ones that make me LOL in the office. Everyone probably thinks I have voices in my head.
 I hope that you're the oooone...if not, you are the prototype.
 Flight back to  tonight. Hours to do nothing but catch up on work and get some ejumacashun.
 Pandora is doing a great job today. It surprises me every now and then.
 My first time leading the hiring of a team for a legitimate client (Toyota)...so rewarding when they're excited!
 RT  Sometime the only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
 The office is dead today. So am I! Never working out in the a.m. again.
 Today I learned that I don't like working out before work.
 Back to Ohio this weekend for sorority sister's wedding, fam, the simple life, and thunderstorms! haven't heard thunder in years. Oh SoCal.
 Boxing, flexibility, sauna, sundeck, downtown to take care of biz. Great Saturday :)
  Um, we need a catch up date!
 Time to step up to the plate. If I want it, gotta get it ;)
 I can really feel this turning point. :)
   So sad I can't go!  I might literally just come from the airport and hope I catch the end.
 We don't have the power but we never say never. :)
 Hittin Johnny Cupcakes on Melrose on my lunch break! Lets see if I can make it in an hour.
 I call you for real 'cuz you the truth.
 I'm back tweeters. Full of energy this morning and ready to spread the music, in turn spreading the love. All day.
 Who else feels like they live on the edge? The edge of life, the edge of the ocean, the edge of 
 But sir, its not that you are bad at your job, I just know that umm, I can do it way better.
 Back from the farmer's market, cooking and listening to  live in Amsterdam. Great Sunday afternoon :)
  do it lady! I think i want to do bikram once this dance
 RT  You should always be able to make time for the ones you love.
 Working 10 more minutes, then Slumdog Millionaire. Love this flick.
  we gotta meet up soon lady!
 Everyone does really, I love the fact that I DO work with great people. :)
 I love working with great people!!
 Today is probably one of the best days ever in life.
 I would like to thank  .
  I have  . Double wammy!
 Meetings lined up. All 4 the 
 RT  Lol » RT  "I don't see how u can hate from outside the gates. you can't even get in" -Jesus Christ
 Sundays are great for reflecting...gathering myself for the week!
  I agree! I have to see it lol.
 omg I have to see rise of the planet of the apes
 Is anyone else's Facebook trippin' right now? Thank you  .
  Love it. Haaah
 We..we live this shiiit. Give a fuck about your lifestyle.
 RT  visit: 
 RT  I love this!! RT  "marriage is falling in love many many times... But with the same woman" -my dad
 Grindin' right now. All for the love!
  Haha now I just have to apply this knew found knowledge...hmm
  I don't know who that is, but dude was super chill! lol
  So exciting - kick ass girl!
 one thing i learned this week - balance your life.
 Who remembers R Kelly Ignition? Classic throwback.
 Pandora is getting me through the day today. Usually it drives me nuts. Its on point right now. We'll see how long this lasts.
 It is so hard to sit here and do what I'm doing right now. All about the grind...
 My brain hurts today. I need a drink.
 I remember when  was still a youngin' recording at  - congrats Wiz keep reppin'! 
  Love the Twit pic girl!
 Def ready to jump back into the work week. All a matter of time ;)
 AWESOME and much-needed 4-day weekend. Amazing ppl in my life :)
 Good ppl, music, food, weather, by the beach <3 all weekend long
 This is dope music 
 RT  If you don't have the talent, hire someone who does. Get out of your own way. 
 Great morning workout by the beach, cooked a big meal, now about to handle some business. Livin' it.
 Having  on  and promoted, makes me disappointed in 
 This girl is straight obsessed with ginger snaps.
 RT  The past is infinite "doesn't matter how long the light has been off .. Simply turn on the light". Maharishi
 First workout with a personal trainer. Let's see if I can make this a habit.
 Watching this deep ocean documentary. Sailfish are crazy.
  ugh, me too! So jealous gurl! :-)
 Four day weekend. I love the working hours of the entertainment industry.
 I knew it was about to be on. Overstand and never underestimate.
 Tip from a j major, all you need are the first two paragraphs.
 Did you know Pollstar is on Jacquelyn St.? My name is Jacquelyn. I'm jus' sayin'.
 Reading Pollstar front to back. Stay on it peoples.
 Great first day at the new job. Now out to dinner with this wonderful gentleman :)
 I hope today goes smoother than last week's experiences...wish me luck!
 RT  Abandoned Churches 
  Thanks Camia! It's about to get crazy...
 You can't go wrong with Jelly Belly jelly beans. Classic.
 6pm passed and not a damn thing has changed!!
 I guess this is what happens when your dad and grandfather and uncle were boy scouts.
 It even has goggles. And a whistle.  No earthquake can fuck with me right now lol
 I just made the most bad ass earthquake kit. And bought some cute clothes! Today was a good day.
 At the army surplus store. I feel like I am 7 again and my dad should be here!
 Spending this Saturday afternoon shopping - clothes and assembling an earthquake kit. Is your style on point? Are you prepared?
 Officially leaving William Morris Endeavor. As of next week, United Talent Agency. bittersweet! <3 WME but so excited to turn this corner ;)
 Most valuable knowledge in this world - get it in writing.
  This is true...
  dope music in my life.
 About to be doin the Charlie Brown in the dance studio all night!
  Haha I knew you'd understand!
 Cable in the office, Netflix in the living room.
 It's really all about the fans.
 Above the influence, good
 I am pretty sure sweet potatoes are my new favorite food.
  Once I get settled with this new situation we gotta hit the toooown.
 The producer is really in control in the end.
 State Farm commercial, all bad.
 Justin Bieber is not my style, but little guy is talented.
 Phone commercials and car commercials are always the best. And Target commercials.
 Haircare commercials are so painful!
 Mmmm...cilantro. Never fails.
 Star Trak goes so hard.
 I was born on Friday the 13th back in '85! 
 Who else loves getting shit in the mail that they don't need? Spam is bad enough. The paper junk mail is brutal.
 Have that moment where you dance in the living room 
 Was anyone else the fastest on their high school sports team? Where are my sprinters at? lol
 So soon, soooo soon, I'm taking it to the next level. 
 Work is on fire today. :) So fun. I love my job. 
 PCs always get viruses and I am tired of dealing with it.
 I need a killer deal on a MacBook. Who can help me out?
 Feelin' gooood about life right now. :)
 Jersey Shore is a complete waste of airtime 
 Is it wrong to ditch a date for a secret concert? Hell no. 
 RT  for the past like... five years, my alarm clock sound has been  famous. every morning, i would start my morni ...
  Undeniable!
 Who remembers chicken noodle soup with a soda on the side?
 I grew up on kenan & kel. I had a huge crush on Kel!
 So much closer to running the music industry. 
 I cannot wait to get life back on track! This past week has been insane.
 Wow, a true investor. It's about time - so hard to come by!
 Nati Light and Keystone? 
 Who remembers Greek Week? 
 Vegas was awesome. Extremely rough recovery day.
 Taoooo.
   lol
 Hustlers change clothes in the car.
 Crazy day today...I just want some sunshine and a drink in my hand!
 The circle of life from Lion King. Thats truth right there. Who remembers that?! Lol
 I miss Dr. Seuss bedtime stories! That man is a legend.
 As cliche as it is, a guy walking a dog never fails to get my attention. 
  lunch break nap in the park. Re-energize. Been a loooong a.m.
 Good morning Tweeters. What's on your mind today?
 RT  Dear Women, all the effort you put into making yourselves look beautiful does not go unnoticed, a few of us are paying att ...
 Kid Cudi takes me awayy
 There is life...and there is lifestyle..focus on the latter.
 You gotta pull weeds from that lush garden. Some people just let it grow and wonder why nothing is working.
 I wish that  had a "like" option.
 RT  [VIDEO] SweetLife Festival Jumbo Tron "Wine and Chocolates" | 
 What kind of guy hits on you only after you go on a date with his friend?  
 RT  Cleveland born. Ohio University educated. Lyrically gifted.  Check out my interview with him at  ...
 Louis Armstrong in the morning...
 Time for Sunday pancakes...chocolate chips and heaps of berries...
 People who try to do everything end up doing a whole lot of nothing.
 About to take over this music industry.
 Im pretty sure I found my 25-yr-old version of my 18-yr-old self at Evo when I was out last night.
  fresh flowers in my bathroom window. Always starts the day right.
 I got a little sloppy last night and needed every second of it...mmm...chai tea latte anyone?
 Its all i need right now.
  Hey girl!
  you have no plans Monday through Friday.
 2.5 lb kosher turkey breast in the slow cooker while I'm out partying...comin' home 8 hours later to that tender goodness!
 Let's get a toast to the self-absorbed coat tailers! Watch out they're creepin'...
  Truth!
 It's time to celebrate...if you don't know why then you weren't supposed to lol
 We live this shit.
 Correction..Brooklyn Water Bagel Company...so good.
 Mmm...Brookly Bagel Factory..so good
 Amateurs should not do Michael Jackson covers.
 Who is opening for miguel right now? This makes no sense! Lol
 Goin' hard on this Emergen-C right now. I feel something coming on. :(
 Every last Saturday of the month - no where else you should be. 
 All we do is do it.
 I love bass.
 Fire on my ears right now 
 I. Love. Music.
 This may be the final chapter. New book next week...?! :)
 RT  Before you start all that 'Jesus take the wheel' talk you better make sure I'm not fucked up like a fat girl's flip- ...
 Eye to the top, sifting through the bullshit! Why is there so much of it? Oh, yeah, it's the entertainment industry!
 RT  Missed my performance last night on David Letterman? Don't worry...watch it right here:  
 Ablast last night - old school hip hop w/ Josh at Your Neighborhood Studio in Culver City :) I've never Roger Rabbited so much in my life..
 Simply only a matter of hours in my book.  
 When it comes to love, stick to the simple things
 Random events are the most exciting things in life.
 Kinkos is my new favorite place.
  Do you ever go back to ID Labs?
 Feelin' anxious today...like something big is going to happen!
 Good morning Twitter peeps. 
 Fedex kinkos open 24 hours. Love it.
 Kday i can handle. And 89.9.  All the rest -  whack central.
 FM radio hurts my ears.
 Lunch in Beverly Hills. I love when its raining and sunny at the same time. :-)
 I can't wait until people get a sip of what we're brewin' 
  We def are! Pretty unstoppable actually...
  when are you coming to LA? I NEED to talk to you!
 Weezy was awesome last night. The box seats, great people and full open bar topped it off.
 Livin' life like a videoooo
 Im obsessed with sweet potatoes!
 My body is at work but my brain has left the building!
 There ain't no rest for the wicked
  Thanks girl!
 Can anyone recommend a good nutrition web site?
 Anyone else love sprinkler rainbows?!
 Live stand-up tomorrow - Conan, Sarah Silverman, BJ Novak, and a bunch of other funny people at 
 Life is so good right now.
  I think that purple jacket is a great idea. Maybe he'll pull you on stage.
  Always girly! It's on.
  nope sittin this one out. Are you going?
  im in girl!
 Um, box seats at the staples center to see weezy? Yes freaking please.
  made me pull my car over. Love it!
 A long weekend with my retired aunt and uncle from the midwest...forces me to slow down to a speed I've forgotten existed.
 Love when my fam come in town <3 Thanks to my uncle, a retired plumber, I now have a super pimp showerhead. Today is a good day.
 We live in a world where it is more OK to follow than to lead.
 I just don't know if I'm THAT cut throat.
 Lotsa eggs in lotsa baskets...
 Great night last night...things are looking up and staying up! :)
 Most of the time I can't believe it...I wonder what will happen when I do?
 You can't just expect people to walk into your life and be OK with it...
 Life is crazy...
 Traffic is insane in century city right now 
 Decisions, decisions...too much on my mind right now!
 Is it me or has  lost complete control of her career? Not that I'm sure she really ever had control...
 RT  My mind keeps archives of only dope shit.
  Please do
 RT  Practice loving everything and everybody All the time, but hang in places and w/people that inspire u . Goodnight
 I think we're naturally unknowingly already on a 
 This slice of red velvet cake and bottle of Perrier will clear my mind...
 Why do I have to be so unconventional?
  When are you going to make some stuff for the ladies?
 It's about to become dangerous 
 I've been slacking on Arrested Development
  is such a fucking genius. Thanks for leading a revolution.
 Thanks  for a sick show last night at Club Nokia <3 you never disappoint!
  You know I'm down. Let's hit art walk or something.
  kweli never disappoints. Keep the music goin tho.
 You can never go wrong with the 808. Just throw it on lol
  love you girly! Haha its on.
 Twice in a row I have learned -you cant get chicken tacos at a taco truck. It must be beef. You are wasting your time otherwise.
 Excited to see  Sunday!
 What a day for a daydream.
 Love it when you're driving and you hear one of those songs that makes you circle the block.
 Rainy day in LA....I was ready for this.
   Mission unstoppable.
 RT  Txt REDCROSS to 90999 to make a $10 donation 4   
 In the office early today...let's get these tours moving.
   tore up SNL! I remember seeing you at the Viper Room years ago. It's only a matter of time girl.
 So many people I grew up with disappoint me. So happy I got out of that sad, naive, ignorant bubble!
 RT  Homestretch now... lets go! 
 I am so tired of this machine.
 Hip hop needs me. Time to change the game!
 Should have gone to the park at lunch today...sunshine clears my mind.
 RT  Breaking News... Charlie Sheen is taking a dump.. We're gonna find out if his shyt stinks... Tune into to our newscast ton ...
 Big decisions to make...
 Things can only get so perfect before you're just over-doing it.
 Finally checking out  's new album. Used to have Food & Liquor on repeat for months! Love that  is on it. Do it girl!
 RT  There is a plan for your life. It doesn't stop here. Keep seeking, asking, trying, moving. You are on your way. 
 Tuna steaks, white wine and great company last night. Beautiful day today in LA -  to the beach for some volleyball and catchin these rayz!
 Just got a sick stereo system. The Beats by Dre headphones are great but time to upgrade the apartment!
 RT  I'm sure a lot of car systems sound amazing, but for the people outside of it...the "Loose License Plate" effect messes it ...
 So, I have a crazy idea. And, I think I'm going to do it. :) You're only young once!
 Stubhub is messin' up right now. Horrible for the concert industry.
 Loove this beat. Video  
 Lady Gaga's Born This Way sounds too much like Madonna. She better come with something more original next.
 Deuces!!
  is killin' it in Australia!
  come to Los Angeles!
 Hiking in the Palisades and Bay Cities...great day...excited to keep it going tonight!
  Keep it goin! ;)
 Having a crumpet for the first time with spiced honey creme and black English tea. I love working in the international department!
 So unstoppable right now.
 I need a road trip this weekend. Or at least the beach.
 Charlie Sheen is fuckin' up right now lol
 Your boss being on an airplane 
 Approaching a red light that turns green just in time for you not to have to slow down 
  when are  we going to have this photo issue resolved?
  I dont think they are ready J.
 Coincidences can be inspiring.
 Redondo Beach feels like its an hour away. It took me 15 minutes to get here. I think I need to get out more!
 I think I make more iPhone typos than anyone I know...
 Drais and Supperclub! NBA all star weekend!
 Have you ever just opened your sunroof even though it is sprinkling?
 It's about that time again... 
 It's hard to follow up Grammy weekend...
 Saw  last night. I'm naming my first little AI Wall-E and making sure I have complete control of an on/off switch.
 Congrats  on your Brit Award!!
 Only in hollywood would you have to parrallel park bt a car and a big screen tv
  that's the plan as soon as I leave the office :)
 Or a drink...
 I'm crabby today. I need a nap!
 Had a blast at the  . Muse and Cee Lo showed out.   Dre and Em of course too. Can't wait til next year!
 Millenium biltmore hotel is breathtaking
 Doing my taxes the downtown for the 
   Let's see a show tonight!
  respect the hustle
  Def! Need more nights like that. Toast to Egypt!
  you don't know how to treat a real woman. And you don't love music.
 A large glass of water and ATLiens cures any hangover.
 Rollingstone highlands hollywood. Diddy. Party. Right now. Get here.
 RT  Anyone remember what internet used to be like before twitter & youtube & facebook & myspace & itunes & netflix..........me n ...
  Show me what you got tomorrow night!
 Sock it to me like you want too oo. I can take it like a pro you knooow. Missy too wrong girl!!
 Free your heart and show your greatness
 I'm ready to leave and start Grammy weekend in LA
 I cant wait for lift off 
 I keep myself so lifted i am accustomed to new heights
 Trying to make cleaning fun...
 So ready to go home. Today has been too long! TGI(almost)F!
 RT  J.Period+John Legend+The Roots- WAKE UP MIXTAPE dropping tomorrow! Get ready...spread the word. I've heard it & the game  ...
 :) Hello new world.
 I am rocking today.
  !! Quit fuckin' up girl!!! Lindsay Lohan to be charged with necklace theft -  
 Thank you  - Prince & Cee-Lo At The Garden is an awesome read!
 Rockumentaries. Thank you 
 Exhausted.
  You know it's on. :)
 Honestly, a lot is about to change. I'm excited to see what is around the corner. Can't wait to turn this corner...
 My kindness is putting a damper on my creativity...I'm sick with the disses!
 He rebounds, puts it back up....ohhh but misses the basket!!! Game over.
  Next time you're in LA please let me know. I need to talk to you.
 When you're selling a lifestyle, if no one wants to be you, you're broke.
 Who can handle me? Please step up.
 Advice of the day: Get a lid for your trash can.  Apply that across life and you're good.   
 This is becoming too easy...I don't know if I like that.
  is all about the love recently.
 This was a moment when keeping it real could have gone wrong. Thanks 
 Learned today that love is messy and thats just how it is.
  call me
  wiz when you hittin' ID Labs again lol 05 baby.
 Liked the half time show. I can work with that 
  European tour is on fire right now. Do your thing girl!
 That  comment was repulsive. 2 even consider promoting ur brand w a world tragedy - where was ur publicist? Hire me I'm better.
  Don't even need to read the story to know the answer to this. What kind of headline is that?
  Nice try J. Good effort.
  The Roxbury was trippin' that night. P.S. You're awesome.
 Bad weekend. Drama and illness. Next will be better I will make sure of that. Drama is ridiculous.
  It's Steubenville J check yourself before you talk! Your deep roots are there you'd better get familiar.
 New York New York!
 Dont know if LA is going to be able to handle what is about to be unleashed tonight!! :-) Thank God Steph is here!
 Dont know why I am not surprised by this.
 Rihanna's European tour is on fire right now.
 You know, i experience first hand that real really does recognize real
 Scarface really has the sickest flow.
 I need an indoor tree for my living room. Its just not complete right now.
 Time to clean up the bullshit, I am talking windex
 Now working with britney. Time to get this formula.
 I really feel like I am coming back. I didnt go too far, but definitely got lost.
 Nintendo Wii sucks. Dont't buy it.
 I have an innate ability to recognize quality. Now I just need the finances to support it.
 Maaan, theyre fighting over etta's money 
  sorry Murs. Thats fucked up!
 RT  Wow ... Elton John just walked into the Troubadour in LA for the Plan B show 
 I try to be like grace kelly
 
 Get i where you fit in
 You came around this mutha fucka an let me do your ass like jesse jaaaames
 Motivation and unwind. The only two playlists you need!
 M.I.A. Is gonna have to work to follow Paper Planes. I have faith though 
 About to get lost across europe with Jay and Rihanna
 I just drank 64 ounces of $240 without knowing it
 Fuck Security Shield. For real. If you invented it, hit me up. We need to talk. 
 Project angel action
  hahaha too funny!
 Cucumber water. Nothing better. We are a great team :-) 
 Harry potter would have been put to death
 Haha "at large". Thats when its serious.
 There is no up or down. Just free and trapped.
 Just drank Kombucha. Interesting...
 I love my 808 :)
 So glad I'm back :) It's been about two years...
   LouisCk is awesome. So wish Lucky Louis would come back!
