 The River Cats wives and girlfriends will be collecting food for the Sacramento Food Bank and Family Services this... 
 I posted 8 photos on Facebook in the album "SFBFS volunteers!" 
 Take me out to the ball game and donate to a family in need by bringing non-perishable goods and gently used... 
 I posted 10 photos on Facebook in the album "SFBFS volunteers!" 
 July Donor Spotlight - Kristina Randle, a Eureka, CA native and Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services (SFBFS)... 
 Come down to SFBFS today until 3pm to receive a free health screening in the Walgreen's Wellness Van. This... 
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "AARP Walgreens Wellness Van" 
 Have clothing donations to share with families in need, but have a hard time making it down to SFBFS? Downtown... 
 This month’s volunteer spotlight is: Pornpun Briggs. She always has a smile on her face and is eager to do... 
 I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "SFBFS volunteers!" 
 I posted 8 photos on Facebook in the album "SFBFS volunteers!" 
 All area artists are invited to participate and create a special piece of art to be displayed in September of... 
 A big THANKS to all staff and volunteers who did an amazing job at Tony’s Fine Food Show. Staff members gathered... 
 Thank you to the group from Futures Explored for coming down to volunteer at Sacramento Food Bank & Family... 
   Thank you so much!
 RT  Great day  We picked tons of fruit to donate to  Awesome families came out... love my job!
 Our Bank of America Student Leaders will be attending a communications training session at 2pm today. That's just... 
 It's never to early to register for Run to Feed the Hungry! Registration is open for the 18th annual race, and we... 
 Network Café - Founded in 2001 through a partnership with SMUD and United Way, Network Café brings organizations... 
 SFBFS is hiring - We're looking to hire a full time position to manage the Adult Education program in Oak Park.... 
 Our Food Assistance program distributed food to 201 households and 651 people this week through mobile... 
 Keep up to date on happenings with SFBFS via our Helping Hands newsletter. We share a quarterly paper newsletter... 
 Summer Volunteer Nights - Bring your friends and family down to SFBFS for some social, summer volunteer nights. No... 
 Have you familiar with our Play Care program? This educational setting engages children and stimulates growth as... 
 Do you find yourself with a little more free time in the summer months? Consider volunteering at Sacramento Food... 
 Volunteer Spotlight - Each month a volunteer at SFBFS is featured for their dedication of time and talent. 
 Thank you to the hundreds of adventuresome supporters that turned out for the 3rd annual Race For The Ring on May... 
 In-kind Donations - Click on this link to see wish lists of greatly needed items organized per program. 
 Moms4Moms is underway! Donate items for the Mother-Baby program at Casey's Hallmark at Arden and Watt. Call for... 
 Take a peek at the history of Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services service to the community. 
 June's featured program - Clothing
 Over 500 local companies, schools and churches host annual donation drives to support our programs. Learn more... 
 New Volunteer Opportunity -Volunteer recruitment is now underway for SFBFS' new Senior program. Click here for... 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "SFBFS volunteers!" 
 Financial Literacy Classes - SFBFS is partnering with Golden1 to offer great free workshops on financial... 
 Rogers Jewelry Company’s Race For The Ring event held last Saturday at Raley Field was a huge success! From the... 
 Pictures from Race For The Ring are up. Thank you for all your support Sacramento! 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "SFBFS volunteers!" 
 From everyone at the Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services, Thank you Sacramento! Race For The Ring was a grand... 
 Our Race For The Ring teams have begun their hunt for clues around midtown and downtown Sacramento! 
 Did you forget to register for Race For The Ring? Don't worry, you can still come down to Raley Field before 10 am... 
 Good
 On your bike, get text, Race for the Ring! This Saturday is going to be amazing. You can still register here:... 
 On
  Thanks for the  mention!
 Only a few days left to Register for Race for the Ring! Want a sneak peek at a few clues? Check out the 3 segments... 
 Race For The Ring is this Saturday. Amazing food will be provided by Panera, Ovations, Blue Prynt at the kick off... 
 Race For The Ring is this Saturday. Amazing food will be provided by Panera, Ovations and Blue Prynt at the kick... 
 This is a great introduction to Race For The Ring! See you all on the 21st. 
 Not a fan of bicycling? Not too familiar with Sacramento landmarks? Can’t text to save your life? Be a virtual... 
 Have you seen the 1st, 2nd and 3rd place prizes for this year's Race For The Ring? Our friends at Rogers Jewelry... 
 RT  The Sacramento Charity Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     ...
 The third annual Race For The Ring is coming in 11 days! This text messaged based treasure hunt on bike through... 
 Only 2 weeks left to register for the most fun and challenging fundraiser of the year! Find a friend, air up your... 
 Eat at Joe's - Celebrate Cinco de Mayo by dining at Joe's Crab Shack in Old Sacramento! 10% of your total bill on... 
 I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "SFBFS volunteers!" 
 Your Race For The Ring team registration of $40 ($20 per person!) =
 May's featured program: Mother-Baby. This program guides parents in raising children in a healthy and supportive... 
 Exciting things happening at SFBFS this morning. Stop by Oak Park any time today to see a massive crane erect the... 
 The third annual Race For The Ring is just 24 days away. Get inspired by reading about Chris Wallis' reason for... 
 Are you familiar with the Women's Wisdom Art program. It offers a variety of art experiences for women who want to... 
 April's featured program is Mother-Baby. See what resources are being requested for this fantastic program in the... 
 We're getting excited for this year's Race For The Ring! New name ( Race For The Ring ), same great race! Check... 
 Here are the most commonly asked questions about our organization. Hopefully this information will help you better... 
 I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "SFBFS volunteers!" 
 Each month a volunteer at SFBFS is featured for their dedication of time and talent. This month’s volunteer... 
 SFBFS has a lot of exciting events going on every month. Our volunteer calendar lists events for current and... 
 Help our volunteers to get things done! Donate items from our Volunteer Services wishlist! 
 Golf to support SFBFS - Join Integra Telecom and Optimists Golf for a golf tournament on May 13th. 
 Race For The Ring is just around the corner! (May, 21st) 
 Help women craft a new life - Donate knitting and crochet supplies for the Women’s Wisdom Art program and you will... 
 Have you heard about our new Meals for Health program? 
 We're getting so excited for Race For The Ring on May 21, 2011. Get inspired by reading about Tom and Jessica... 
 Solve clues - earn points - win prizes! Have you registered for Race For The Ring yet? All proceeds donated to... 
 Solve clues - earn points - win prizes! Have you registered for Race For The Ring yet? All proceeds donated... 
 Race For The Ring is right around the corner! Grab a bike, grab a phone, grab a friend and join us on May 21st.... 
 I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "SFBFS volunteers!" 
 Race For The Ring is May 21 in downtown and midtown Sacramento! All proceeds donated to Sacramento Food Bank &... 
 Exciting new program coming to SFBFS! 
 April's featured program: Mother-Baby
 Come by SFBFS tonight to celebrate the 20th anniversary of Women's Wisdom Art - healing through art. Saturday... 
 Our friends at Rogers Jewelry Company are preparing to host the 3rd annual Race for the Ring on May 21, 2011 to... 
 Interested in bringing your group down for a day of volunteering? We enjoy inviting corporate, school, youth,... 
 Check out the special food drive for the Sacramento Food Bank at SactoMoFo, Sacramento's first mobile food... 
 Have you seen these prizes?? Register yourself and a buddy for this fun scavenger hunt for diamonds! And become a... 
 Have you registered for Race for the Ring 2011 left? Read about Peter Skipper's reason for racing, and add your... 
 Volunteer Fest - Check out this fun event on 3/27. 
 RT   is the proud sponsor of 
 Did you know that all Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services programs are offered free of charge to Sacramento residents? Spread the word.
 Have you registered for Race for the Ring 2011 left? Read about Christina Stoyle's reason for racing, and add your... 
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "SFBFS volunteers!" 
 Each month a volunteer at SFBFS is featured for their dedication of time and talent. This month’s volunteer... 
 Have you registered for this year's Race For The Ring yet? Get inspired by reading about Dave Katten's reason for... 
 I posted 13 photos on Facebook in the album "SFBFS volunteers!" 
 The third annual Race for the Ring is coming to Sacrament on May 21, 2011. Each week leading up to the event, we... 
 Race for the Rock has a new name, Race For The Ring! Different name, same amazing event! 'Like' the new page to... 
 Race for the Rock has a new name,Race For The Ring! Different name, same amazing event! 'Like' the new page to... 
 Help women craft a new life - Donate knitting and crochet supplies for the Women’s Wisdom Art program and you will... 
 Registration is OPEN! The 3rd annual Race For The Ring is coming to Sacramento on May 21. Grab a friend, a bike... 
 February''s featured program: Food Assistance. This program provides a five day supply of emergency, take-home... 
 Join us for a community wide Wellness Day tomorrow, Thursday, February 24. The Walgreen’s Wellness Tour Bus will... 
 The kids from the California Montessori Project came down to volunteer at Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services.... 
 Free Training for Volunteers: Please join SFBFS on Friday, February 25 from 2:30-4:30pm for this free and... 
 Our newsletter is now available online! The newsletter features program news and updates, client success stories... 
 You can support Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services by hosting a donation drive. All types of items are in... 
 High Tech Giving - Donate by Text » Text SACFOOD to 20222 to make a secure, one-time donation of $10.00. A... 
 Spay Day 2011 - Refer a family in need to this year's Spay Day. Click below for information on affordable spay and... 
 Race for the Rock has a new name, "Race for the Ring"! Different name, same amazing event! Who is excited for this... 
 We have joined a host of non-profit agencies in carrying out CalFresh outreach. Enrollment in CalFresh assists... 
 Save the date - The 3rd annual Race for the Ring is coming to Sacramento on May 21st. This year's event promises... 
 WWA Valentine's Show - Please join us in Oak Park on February 12 from 5-8pm for a wonderful display of art from... 
 Families left the Our Kids’ Community Breakfast Club with full stomachs, bags full of food, and hope for a... 
 Interested in bringing your group down for a day of volunteering? We enjoy inviting corporate, school, youth,... 
 Sacramento NewsandReview published a great article with tips for rising to Sacramento’s post-holiday food challenge. 
 SFBFS aprons are now available for a donation of $20. These blue aprons look great while volunteering in any... 
 Fun photos: Did you volunteer for any of our holiday events? Find yourself in these great photos from Run to Feed... 
 See how Sacramento Food Bank and Family Services connects with our clients through the Mobile Food Assistance Program. 
 I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "SFBFS volunteers!" 
 Save the date - The 3rd annual Race for The Ring is coming to Sacramento on May 21. This year's event promises to... 
 Race for The Rock is still months away but we're already getting excited about it. Any fun memories from this... 
 SFBFS is hiring an experienced individual to lead the fundraising efforts for the organization. If this sounds... 
 SFBFS is hiring an experienced individual to lead the fundraising efforts for the organization. Click below for... 
 Special volunteer opportunity - A handful of talented volunteers are needed now through Jan 21 to help with the... 
 Your participation in Adopt-A-Family 2010 at Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services made a huge difference in the... 
 Thank you for making Christmas merry and bright for 452 families through Adopt-a-Family holiday assistance! Over... 
 PlayCare is a co-operative program that often relies on parent volunteers for assistance when there are a large... 
 The Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services wants to thank the many volunteers and donors that make our programs... 
 Wrapping party volunteers. 
 Blake Young, president of the Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services accepts a check on behalf of the 12th annual... 
 The executive team of Thunder Valley Casino Resort is celebrating the holiday season by delivering over two tons... 
 would like to thank Thunder Valley Casino's dedicated staff and SFBFS' amazing volunteers who distributed 500... 
 Last minute call out for volunteers! Please join us tomorrow (Thursday 12/23) 8-11am at SFBFS' Saca Community... 
 A huge thank you to the Northern California Paintball Community. It is with their generous spirit that Capital... 
 State Street team of volunteers. 
 Sac Foodies helped promote the Adopt-a-Family program on their website www.sacfoodies.com You ladies are the best! 
 Volunteers are needed to help tomorrow with the first Adopt-a-Family pick-up day! Help distribute donated holiday... 
 We had some awesome volunteers help with wrapping presents last night. The energy at SFBFS was wonderful and we... 
 Host a Donation Drive - You can support Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services by hosting a donation drive. All... 
 I posted 19 photos on Facebook in the album "SFBFS volunteers!" 
 Flex your heart muscle this holiday season by donating non-perishable foods at any California Family Fitness gym... 
 Ring in the new year with the thundering sound of a new Harley. Now through December 23rd, drop off a donation of... 
 The best donation of all is your time. It doesn't cost a dime to volunteer, but it makes a world of difference 
 The best donation of all is your time. If you aren't able to make a monetary donation, consider volunteering for... 
 Make your giving go further this year - Consider adopting a family with your significant other or family rather... 
 There are 100 families left who have not yet been adopted this year and there is only a little over one week left... 
 We want to thank the group from Tau Beta Pi down who recently volunteered at Sacramento Food Bank & Family... 
 Over 400 families from SFBFS have created holiday wish lists for their children. You can help by participating in... 
 Now through December 23rd, drop off a donation of clothing, food or toys at Harley Davidson of Sacramento to... 
 The 2010 Run to Feed the Hungry is now complete and you've crossed the finish line. But the race doesn't end... 
 The 2010 Run to Feed the Hungry 5k and 10k race results are in! How did you rank? 
 Were you a virtual runner who wasn't able to make it to Run to Feed the Hungry in person? You're in luck! Check... 
 Thank you to everyone who made Run to Feed the Hungry a huge success. It was amazing to see Sacramento come out to... 
 Run to Feed the Hungry is off to an amazing start!
 We are so excited to see everyone tomorrow! Take a moment to check out our new photo sharing application in the... 
 Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services now offers an opportunity for supporters to give via their cell phones.... 
 In just two days, SFBFS distributed turkeys and holiday groceries to 6,744 families - the largest number in SFBFS'... 
 In just two days, SFBFS distributed 
 thanks the volunteers for helping distribute holiday groceries to 3,944 families in need in just 5 hours today.... 
 's President/CEO Blake Young is amazed, but not surprised from today's event. "This shows once again we are a... 
 We did it!!!! Thank you Sacramento. 7,000 turkeys at 6:50 pm!!!
 We just broke last year's total!!! 5:16pm and 6,598 turkeys!!! Help us reach 7,000!
 Look outside, how would you describe the weather? Our official SFBFS counters says, "Cloudy with a chance of... 
 is receiving calls from shoppers looking for a good deal on turkeys. Where did you get your turkey? Know of a... 
 Thanks to the generous 1,100 turkey donation from the Cordano family and a steady stream of drop offs from members... 
 Lunchtime check-in: 2,939 turkeys. When you pick up some food for your 
 thanks Mayor Johnson for his early morning delivery, Otto Constructions for their 100 turkeys, California State... 
 Good morning Sacramento, it's 10 am. Do you know where your turkey is? Hopefully in the back of your car on its... 
 1,103! A great number for 8:45am. Keep them coming!
 505 turkeys! An impressive start to the 3rd annual turkey drive! Please stop by to drop off a turkey. We're here... 
 is all set up and ready to go for tomorrow's 3rd annual turkey drive. Come by anytime between 4:30am and 7:00pm to... 
 Thank you to everyone who participated in our Deal Ticket donation by giving and spreading the word. Sacramento... 
 There are only 7 hours left for you to transform $13 into $130 worth of services at SFBFS -also- Donate your wall.... 
 Change a life for $13! $13 is a $130 value when we assist those in need. Please help today by clicking the link... 
 Our friends at Deal Ticket are doing something great Tues. People will be able to donate $13 or more to  
 Deal Ticket is doing something outstanding tomorrow. People will be able to use Deal Ticket to donate $13 or more... 
 The holiday season is fast approaching and Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services wants to make sure no family is... 
 "One of the most exciting volunteering positions is Crowd Control at the starting or finish line." What is your... 
 Registration for Run to Feed the Hungry is now OPEN! Register yourself, join a team or participate as a "Virtual... 
 Due to the great 
 There are several great ways to get involved with Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services this fall. Consider... 
 Thank you to the group from CBHS for coming down to volunteer at Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services. You guys... 
 As the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry approaches we hope you are planning to join us. What better way to start... 
 Thank you to our group from the UCD Med Center who came down to volunteer at the
 Interested in bringing your group down for a day of volunteering? We enjoy inviting corporate, school, youth,... 
 We're getting excited for this year's Run to Feed the Hungry! Here are a few photos from last year's event. 
 This morning's fire affected River City Food Bank (RCFB), not Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services. California... 
 Is your company or organization participating in our Holiday Spirit of Giving (HSOG) drive this month? To sign up... 
 A few volunteers are still needed for tomorrow's Oak Park clean up. Click on this link for more info and to sign up! 
 We love how many of you consider Run to Feed the Hungry a family tradition. Can you spot any familiar faces in... 
 On Thursday, Sacramento Food Bank and Family Services (SFBFS) broke new ground on its 22,000-square-foot space. 
 Put your hands in the air if it's a tradition if Run to Feed the Hungry is a TRADITION for you! (hands in the air = click the "like" button)
 Groundbreaking of our new education center 
 Come on down to the ground breaking of SFBFS' new Education Center today at 11am. See the site of the new... 
 Thank you to the group from Eli Lilly for coming down to volunteer at Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services. 
 Give & Win Fundraising Challenge! It’s a win-win for everyone. Most importantly, it’s a win for those whose lives... 
 Fireman's Fund Insurance volunteered at Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services recently. They did a fantastic job.... 
 In 2009, nearly $850,000 dollars were raised for SFBFS programs and services. Have you registered yet? 
 Thank you to the team from United Healthcare/Wells Fargo that volunteered at Sacramento Food Bank & Family... 
 Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services provides a 5 day supply of emergency groceries to families in need six days... 
 We recently had a team of UC Davis medical residents come down to volunteer at Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services. 
 We recently had a team of UC Davis medical residents come down to volunteer at Sacramento Food Bank & Family... 
 Here is a highlight of all our 2010 volunteers and their stories. Way to go you guys, you have all made a big... 
 Just 54 days until Run to Feed the Hungry 2010! Can't wait? Check out the recap video from last year's event. 
 Volunteer spotlight: Markus Mar-Liu is an incredible young man with the will to make the world a better place. Thank you 
 Thank you to all the ladies of ΣΛΓ for coming down volunteer at Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services. You did a... 
 We
 The Run to Feed the Hungry 5k and 10k courses wind through the beautiful tree-lined streets of East Sac. Course map here 
 Run to Feed the Hungry is just 70 days away! There are still spots for companies, schools and groups to form teams. 
 A great big thank you to the team from Lexis Nexis for coming down to volunteer at Sacramento Food Bank & Family... 
 We have so many amazing volunteers in Sacramento, Thank you all! What are some of your favorite volunteering memories?
 Thank you Brown Thumb Mama for the supportive shout out last weekend! The Back-to-School Cleanup was a success.
 8x volunteers urgently needed for Back to School Clean up SAT at 8:30am-1pm: Back to School Community Clean-up in Oak Park. (916) 456-1980
 Volunteers urgently needed for Back to School Clean up! September 18, 8:30am-1pm: Back to School Community... 
 Please join us in your best pirate garb to raise food and funds for SFBFS this Saturday and Sunday from noon-7pm.... 
 Volunteers
 Please join SFBFS staff and volunteers on Wednesday, September 15 from 6-8pm at Scottish Rite Temple for the... 
 Volunteers needed this weekend! A group of volunteers just canceled for Saturday's Back to School Clean-up and we... 
 We have the best volunteers. The crew from VSP came by and did a fabulous job. Thank you! 
 We open this week at 20th Street Gallery. Please join us this Saturday, September 11 from 6-9pm, for a reception... 
 Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services provides a 5 day supply of emergency groceries to families in need six days... 
 SFBFS is hosting 2 Back to School Community Clean Ups and giving away 500 filled backpacks at these events for the... 
 How can children make a difference? See how young students at Zen Martial Arts help families in our community.... 
 Please join us for the 3rd annual Art Bra Show, September 8-30at 20th Street Gallery. All proceeds from this event... 
 Do you want to volunteer at Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services but don't know how? Watch this short video to... 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 Have you visited the Run to www.runtofeedthehungry.com yet? You can learn about starting your own team, view... 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 Your contribution of $20.13 provides infant formula, diapers and baby clothing for a family in need. Learn about... 
 Help us sort, bag, and
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 There is still time to volunteer for this year's Run to Feed the Hungry! 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 A great big thank you to our new friends from La Familia who came down to volunteer at Sacramento Food Bank &... 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 Rally a team from your office for this year's Run to Feed the Hungry. 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 We have the best volunteers. The crew from Allied came by and did a fantastic job. Thank you. 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 Each month a volunteer at SFBFS is featured for their dedication of time and talent. This month’s volunteer... 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 Join us on Sunday, August 22 from 11am-1pm for our annual Volunteer Appreciation Event. This year it will be held... 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 Do you know about the Give & Win Fundraising Challenge? It’s a win-win for everyone. Most importantly, it’s a win... 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 Go the extra mile this year, volunteer. Learn how to get yourself and your friends involved as event volunteers. 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 We have the best volunteers. The crew from Camp Newman came by and did a fantastic job. Looks like everyone had a... 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 We are excited about Run To Feed The Hungry 2010. Take a look back at last year's event and make sure you register. 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 You can help provide a 5 day supply of emergency groceries to families in need. Find out how you can help here. 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 The Health Education Council came down to volunteer at Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services. Thank you very much! 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 Happy 98th birthday to Adult Education volunteer George! Volunteering at SFBFS keeps him young and active in our... 
 Have you registered for this year's Run To Feed The Hungry yet? 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 A great big thank you to our new friends from Intel who came down to volunteer. Great job everyone! 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 Join us Saturday from 5-8pm for an evening of portraits of ordinary women, including the healing art that helped... 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 RSVP for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry - Map: 
 Click 4 Details >> The 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry is coming on Nov. 25th! For details: 
 Come to "17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry" Thursday, November 25 from 8:30 am to 10:00 pm. Adult registration... 
 The fundraising team program for the 17th Annual Run to Feed the Hungry gives you the opportunity to form... 
 A great big thank you to the volunteers that attended our evening volunteering event on Thursday, 7/29. If you... 
 Reliving Race For The Rock 2010. Can you see yourself or anyone you know in this amazing recap video? Over... 
 The courses have been set! Get excited Sacramento. 
 What is a "Virtual Runner"? Find out how you can participate in the Run To Feed The Hungry even if you cant be... 
 A great big thank you to the volunteers from Sunrise Community Church who came down to lend a helping hand. Great Job! 
 Have you registered for this year's Run To Feed The Hungry?  
 We want to thank this fantastic group from AmeriCorps Summer of Service for a job well done! 
 Come out to support the River Cats and your community at the 10th annual Players' Wives' Food & Clothing Drive,... 
 If you know of someone who is in need, direct them to our website. We're all in this together.... 
 A big thanks to East Sacramento Rotary for helping rehabilitate one of the buildings at our Oak Park facility! 
 A big thanks to East Sacramento Rotary for helping rehabilitate one of
 A big thanks to East Sacramento Rotary for helping restore one of
 A great big thank you to the volunteers at Katz & Associates! We hope to work with you all again in the future! 
 Mothers are attending a parenting classes at Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services to earn credits at a baby... 
 Registration for Run to Feed the Hungry is now OPEN!  Join a team or participate as a "Virtual Runner"
 I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "Fun in the Sun 2010" 
 Fun in the Sun family health fair is off to a great start. Over 200 adults and children in the first hour! Please... 
 Fun in the Sun family health faur is off to a great start. Over 200 adults and children in the first hour! Please... 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 Today SFBFS received a 
 Want to receive 20% off the Bodies Revealed exhibit? All you have to do is bring a can of food with you to the box... 
 Registration for Run to Feed the Hungry is now OPEN! Click the link below to check it out and register yourself or... 
 Check out July's Volunteer Spotlight! Thank you Steff for all you do. Interested in becoming a volunteer? Go to... 
 Check out these great photos from Race for the Rock 2010! Feel free to tag yourself or your friends. 
 Registration for Run to Feed the Hungry opens July 1st! Be on the lookout for more details coming soon. 
 A BIG Thank You to last week's volunteers from Sage and State Street! You are wonderful! Would your company or... 
 Watch this short video to learn about Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services and how you can get involved. 
 Join us for a fun evening of drinks and appetizers to celebrate the 5th anniversary of SFBFS' facility. Meet staff... 
 Thanks again to everyone who "Raced" for the Rock! The scores will be posted on the website at... 
 Thank you to everyone who participated Saturday!! 
 Race for the Rock teams are ready to go!! Watch the kick-off celebration here  
 RT  Watch Race for the Rock kick-off celebration here! 
 Another fabulous prize to be won this Saturday during Race for the Rock! The men's version is red and both are made... 
 Another fabulous prize to be won this Saturday during Race for the Rock! The men's version is red and both are made... 
 See some of the fabulous prizes for Race for the Rock on Sacramento & Co  If you haven't... 
 Tune up your bikes, Race for the Rock is less than 2 weeks away. Register here  and take a look... 
 Great event over the weekend at the Dancing Coyote Wines tasting room! Check out the Women’s Wisdom Art on the... 
 Did you know that May is National Burger Month?  To celebrate, Smashburger has partnered with our friends at the... 
 Take a look at what you're racing for - beautiful diamond earrings, necklace and 1st place takes the cake with this... 
 A BIG Thank You to last week's volunteers! We love Sac Metro Chamber of Commerce, State Street and Downey Brand!... 
 Thanks for the follow RT     
 Thank you so much to the McCarty family for hosting the Mother-Baby supply drive to benefit families at SFBFS.... 
 Please join us for a press event at SFBFS on Thursday, May 6 at 10am. Councilmember McCarty, along with his wife... 
 32 days left until Race for the Rock! Have you registered yet? You can find more information and register at... 
 Starting May 15 – and running every Saturday through Oct. 16 - the Oak Park Farmers Market will have live... 
 A BIG Thank You to last week's volunteers! We love Laguna Creek Orthodontics, JC Penney, and UPS! Would your... 
 The Mother-Baby program is in need of working sewing machines to lead classes for clients wanting to craft their... 
 Want your artwork on 30,000 race shirts? Send your design submission for the front of a standard t-shirt to artcon 
 It's not too late to submit your art! Would you like to have your artwork on 30,000 race shirts this Thanksgiving?... 
 Want to 'Race for the Rock'? Just follow this link: 
 Too busy to volunteer? Become an online volunteer! Click the "Suggest to Friends" button below our profile picture... 
 SFBFS has a chance to win $5,000 from SaveMart to help our Mother-Baby program, but the votes are up to you. Click... 
 Oak Park Fiesta, a special Saturday evening of arts, culture, business and fun! 
  Welcome! We'd love to meet & work with you. Steps: sign up & attend volunteer orientation, for more info: 
 RT   taking t-shirt design entries for annual Thxgvg Run to Feed Hungry, thru 4/30. Great exposure, worthy cause.
 A BIG Thank You to last week's volunteers! We love Palmiter High School, GE, La Familia, and San Brennan Middle... 
 Calling all wine enthusiasts! Savor the diversity of Paso Robles' wine country April 19-20 as part of the 2010... 
 51 days left until Race for the Rock, have you registered yet? Check out the prizes! 
 Want to do your own fundraising or food driving for the Sacramento Food Bank & Family Services?  Your support is... 
 Who is YOUR rock? We would love to know. Read about SFBFS mentor Linda Meyer's "rock", and to register to... 
 Smashburger partners with SFBFS to assist area residents in need 
 Meet Rudy Garcia, April's Volunteer Spotlight! Thanks for your help, Rudy!
 60 days left until Race for the Rock! Have you registered yet? You can find more information and register at... 
 A BIG Thank You to last week's volunteers! We love Sunrise Community Church, Antelope Springs Church, and... 
 I posted 18 photos on Facebook in the album "SFBFS volunteers!" 
 So, who is YOUR 'rock'? 
 We are kicking off our new Program of the Month series with April's program being Computer Clubhouse! Are you... 
 Did you participate in the Race for the Rock last year? What did you think of the event? If you missed it, check... 
 A BIG Thank You to last week's volunteers! We love Visions in Education, State Street, and Macy's! Would your... 
 Calling all artists! Would you like to have your original or graphic art on 30,000 race t-shirts this Thanksgiving?... 
 Come to "Oak Park Fiesta" Saturday, May 1 from 1:00 pm to 5:00 pm. Oak Park Fiesta seeks to celebrate the... 
 Do you have a Race for the Rock team yet? Find a scavenger hunt partner and register for this fun event! You can... 
 Get Cookin'! Pick up a cookbook filled with recipes from SFBFS volunteers for just $20! Visit our Oak Park location... 
 Check out this short video about our mobile food distribution. Get involved by volunteering, donating produce,... 
 Have you registered for  yet? Get your team together! Entry fees go to  & there are great prizes!
 Have you signed up for Race for the Rock '10 yet? Participants pedal, scoot, and wheel their way through downtown... 
 Race for the Rock: 2010 Sponsorship Opportunities 
 A BIG Thank You to this week's volunteers! We love Macy's, St. Francis Elementary, and Palmetto School! Would your... 
 Our wonderful volunteers! RT  Beautiful day...I feel grateful and greatful! What r u grateful for??  
  Thanks for the welcome!! :)
  Thank you so much for letting people know we're on Twitter!
       THANKS for the retweets! You guys ROCK!
 Race for the Rock, June 5, 2010 8:00am, State Capitol Museum, 1315 10th Street: 
 Calling all artists! How would you like to have your original or graphic art on 30,000 race shirts this... 
 Registration for Race for the Rock 2010 is now open! The entry fee is $40 per team for a chance at over $35,000 in... 
 Race for the Rock 2010 registration opens Monday, March 15th! Did you participate last year? More information will... 
 SFBFS volunteer and long time Poetry instructor, Allegra Silberstein, has been honored this past week as Poet... 
 A BIG Thank You to this week's volunteers! We love the following: Boy Scouts, Old Navy, and State Street, for their... 
 Would you like to learn Spanish or improve your conversational skills?
 The teachers and volunteers of Women's Wisdom Art are showcasing beautiful pieces of art this weekend. Please join... 
 Harvest Sacramento, a collaborative partnership between Soil Born Farms and SFBFS, needs your help! Fruit gleaned... 
 Today is national HAVE FUN AT WORK DAY! Thank you to all of the volunteers who make helping serve families in need... 
 I posted 7 photos on Facebook in the album "Alternative Spring Break" 
 Volunteers contributed over 13,838 hours of service at SFBFS in October through December, 2009. Thank you for all... 
 Congrats to Sacramento Country Day School for raising the largest amount of team donations for the 2009 Run to Feed the Hungry
 Congratulations to the big winners of Raffle for the Rock. In addition to the beautiful diamond ring, Roger's... 
