 The 411 on our new fall/winter collection, featuring new styles- Heidi Mary Janes, Sherlock boots, and Ten... 
 Have you checked out our fall sneak preview and revamped website? A few of our new fall styles are in stock now! 
 Aloha! We were featured on television in Hawaii for back to school style! Any Hawaiian fans here? 
 A few of you asked when our Nolas shoes for women will be in stock...September! 
 Giddyup! Limited quantities of some early fall styles available now online and through some retailers! More fall... 
 Happy Birthday to Mitzi Rivas, the creative co-owner/designer of Livie & Luca! 
 We just got word that Katherine Heigl purchased the Livie & Luca Peacocks in cream, the Trini red sandal, AND the... 
 Another chance to win a pair of Livie & Lucas for your little one! 
 Just two more days to save 30%! Use the code july30off at www.livieandluca.com! 
 Soar into the 4th of July weekend with a special sale from Livie & Luca! From July 2 to July 6, enjoy 30 percent... 
 Fourth of July is coming up- will your little ones be wearing their Livie & Lucas? 
 Our Trini sandals and Port shoes are featured in this patriotic Babiekins Magazine spread! Shot by the talented... 
 Another chance to win a pair of Livie & Lucas, courtesy of Familylicious Reivews! 
 Enter to win a pair of Livie & Lucas from The Crafty Nest! 
 Today is Flag Day! This cutie is celebrating in our red Trini sandals! 
 Our shoes go great with Right Bank Babies clothing- check out our yellow Holland boots in this cute shot! 
 Our Barcelonas are getting press in Germany! Check them out in Kleinformat magazine. 
 We named a shoe after our wonderful photographer, Heidi Alletzhauser! 
 Pretty as a peacock! Our peacock shoes flew into the June issue of Pregnancy and Newborn Magazine! 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Livie & Luca Press" 
 More Livie & Luca love from The Shopping Mama! Her adorable daughter wore the Celestina sandals to the petting... 
 Our peacock shoes are the shoe of the day for Zappos.com! 
 We've officially reached over 2,000 fans...We tip our hats to you! 
 There's some L&L Ferris love going on on Tumblr! Thanks Breukelen Mama! <3 
 There's some L&L Ferris love going on on Tumblr! Thanks Breukelen Mama! <3 
 It's the last day for 20% off! Use "may20off" at www.livieandluca.com. Not valid w/ any other offers, all sales final. 
 More love for our red Trini sandals from Pregnancy and Newborn Magazine! 
 Our Pio Pios are in Vitaya magazine! 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Livie & Luca Press" 
 Just in case you missed our late night announcement...Our fans asked, so we're giving you a special coupon code... 
 Our fans asked, so we're giving you a special coupon code for 20% off, valid May 19-22! Use "may20off" at... 
 Oops! We noticed that we added inventory for Celestina Gold, but didn't post the image! It's now up on the... 
 Oops! We noticed that we added inventory for Celestina Gold, but didn't post the image! It's now up on the... 
 Put on your red shoes... 
 Do you love our new canvas shoes? Child Mode does! 
 New inventory in stock! We just received a shipment of our Celestina Golds and some other frequently requested... 
 A sneak preview of our new Heidi style, set to hit stores in August! 
 I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "Livie & Luca Press" 
 Our pink Hollands made the cover of Parenting! 
 We're on Babyccino Kids today! 
 Three more days to enter our giveaway! 
 Are you ready for our new cowboy boots in the fall? 
 Exciting news for our across the pond fans...we now have a UK page, Livie & Luca UK, and a lovely blog post by... 
 Mamas we love you. Thank you for caring for your loved ones so tenderly. You are cherished.
 Mamas we love you. Thank you for caring for your love ones so tenderly. You are cherished.
 Hey Canadian Friends, please tell us your favorite store in your town!
 Hello Bay Area! We would love for you to send us a pic of your girl. She must wear either a size 8 or be 10-12 months old.
 Our new fall Mary Janes are featured on page 12 of Earnshaw's! Sit tight, this style will be in stores in August,... 
 I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "Livie & Luca Press" 
 Oh baby...enter to win a pair of our baby shoes courtesy of Queens Mamas! And if you're in the NYC area be sure to... 
 We love this update from Hildy's Selection! "This morning, a child at the kindergarten was crying. When I asked... 
 Feeling lucky this royal wedding weekend? Enter to win a pair of Livie & Luca shoes from The Maven of Social Media! 
 Our Bloom sandals in fuchsia are featured in the May issue of Pregnancy and Newborn Magazine! 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Livie & Luca Press" 
 A review of our Woodland boots from A Sophisticated Mommy! 
 Our Ferris shoes are in The Daily, the first national daily news publication created exclusively for iPad! 
 We're featured on Momtrends today! 
 Our thoughts continue to be with Japan: we are donating 10 percent of our total sales for February & March to Red... 
 A glowing review from Green Spot Blue- she also said "Lucie loves the shoes so much. she won't wear anything... 
 Peacocks, petals, and vegan shoes...oh my! Read about us on BabyRazzi today! 
 A sneak peek at an upcoming fashion magazine editorial, shot by the talented Catherine Manzella Photography! 
 Are you ready for our women's shoes? 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Livie & Luca Press" 
 Our yellow patent leather Petal sandals are featured in Hudson's Childrenswear Review! 
 Oh baby...Our baby shoes are now in our shop!  
 We have to say, Right Bank Babies clothing and Livie & Luca shoes are the perfect pairing! 
 Our patent yellow Petal sandals are in the new issue of Hudson's Childrenswear Review! 
 Good news for our fans across the pond- we're available in the UK now! 
 Our revised size chart is now on our site! 
 We're featured in Pregnancy and Newborn Magazine's blog today! "I am crazy about these adorable Bloom sandals by... 
 Best in show! (And some adorable photos of our collection you probably haven't seen!) 
 Eve vintage brown sandals. 
 A little bird told us...Our peacock mary janes are the item of the week at Mulberry Road! 
 We can't wait for summertime! 
 Another chance to win a pair of Livie & Lucas from Momma In Flip Flops2! 
 It's time for a giveaway! Enter to win a pair of L&Ls from Thrifty & Chic Mom! 
 This Just In: Our new Ferris styles are now available to buy on our site and we've updated our inventory at... 
 Our loyal fans have asked for a women's shoe, so we are debuting one this fall! Here's a sneak preview! 
 We're winners! Thanks to all of our fans who voted for us- we won the Footwear Plus Magazine Plus Award for best... 
 I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "Livie & Luca Press" 
 Time's winding down...Just four more days to vote Livie & Luca for ”Best Shoes For Developing Feet” for the... 
 Orange County, CA fans- We need shoe testers to try out one of our new Fall styles this week who wear sizes 7 & 9.... 
 We love when our fans blog about us! 
 Check out our Pio Pios on page 28 of 002houston Magazine! Any Texan fans on here? :) 
 We're on page 15 of the new issue of  Hudson's Childrenswear Review! 
 We will be showing our Fall/Winter '11 collection at the ENK Children's Club Show in NYC, March 6-8 at the Javits... 
 Woohoo! 
 We're thrilled we won a Footwear Plus Magazine Plus Award, alongside huge brands like Nike and New Balance! 
 We're so honored to be nominated for the Cribsie Awards for "Best Shoes For Developing Feet"- please cast your... 
  soon! :)
 Our shoes are big in Portland! And a sneak preview of fall '11... 
 A Shoe In: Livie & Luca in  & Little Steps:  via 
 RT  NEA's Read Across America Day & Dr. Seuss's birthday on March 2! We have loads of books to choose from for any age  ...
 RT  Have some exciting news for  but can't share until Friday!
 Are you in the Los Angeles area? Our friend Wallaby is a new parent & me center and they're offering baby sign... 
 Our peacock shoes are featured on StyleBakeryMom! 
  thanks! <3
  woohoo! <3
 RT   do you ever consider getting  shoes? They are adorable for our little feet!
 RT   I love the Celestina Gold Shimmer Sandal and the diez navy sandal! 
 RT  Hoorah, our  Spring delivery is now here and fully uploaded to the website!
 Will you be our Valentine? 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Livie & Luca Press" 
 Be My Valentine: Livie & Luca's Red Boots in Pregnancy & Newborn:  via 
 I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "Livie & Luca Press" 
 Our new collection is on Child Mode today! 
 Thanks Hildy's Selection! 
 Fiddlesticks has our new spring baby & children shoes in stock! 
 Another Baby Steals special was just announced tonight! 
 RT  Livie & Luca shoes are 45% off today only on www.babysteals.com! Hurry, some styles are already sold out!  ...
  thank you! <3
 RT  Sharing is Caring : How cute is   I love the shoes and the message!
 RT  Today's Steal:  Shoes 45% off—Quality, timeless  for  
 RT   is on sale on 
 Huge discount alert! www.babysteals.com is offering Livie & Luca shoes at 45% off, today only!  
 Pregnancy and Newborn Magazine and Shoes For Little Feet are having a contest to win a$50 gift certificate!... 
 RT  Win It: $50 gift certificate to Shoes for Little Feet- they carry  Pregnancy & Newborn Magazine . ...
 RT  Have you cast your votes for the  yet? We nominated    and 
 Bloom to the brim...Select spring/summer styles are now available at livieandluca.com! 
 Blog love from I Heart Heels! We love our Brussels brown suede shoes too! 
 Reason  why we love our fans...we won Footwear Plus Magazine's Excellence in Design award- thanks to all of... 
 If you love us, please nominate us for the Cribsie Awards! www.cribsieawards.com 
 Our retailer Shoes For Little Feet is offering a deal for you all! "So many of you have been asking about a... 
 We adore our Canadian fans! Thanks for the love, Calgary's Child Magazine! 
 Cuteness is launching in a few weeks: Livie & Luca Spring 2011! Enjoy the sneak peek friends!... 
 We were chosen by The Shopping Mama as the best kid shoes for 2010! What a way to ring in the New Year! 
 We're on Citibabes today! And don't forget about our after-Xmas sale, half off shoes with the code 50off2010 at... 
 We have been nominated for an excellence in design award from Footwear Plus Magazine! Please vote for us at the... 
 If you love us, will you please for us? We've been nominated for a Footwear Plus Magazine excellence in design... 
 played elf today and delivered 200 pairs of shoes to the Children's Hospital in Oakland. Our hearts are bursting with gladness!
 Free Priority Shipping! Enter code priority2010 ... ends 12/22! It'll make in time for gift giving!
 It's your lucky day...another giveaway! 
 Familylicious is having a Livie & Luca giveaway! Enter to win a pair! 
 Free Priority Shipping! Enter code priority2010 ... ends 12/22!
 Thanks for the blog love, Cupcakes & Couture! <3 
 We made the news! 
 To celebrate being on Seattle's King5 this morning, we're offering our fans 20% off with the coupon code "king5"... 
 We were picked for Mama Manifesto's ultimate gift guide! 
 Seattle fans, we'll be featured in a Seattle Moms Deal Finder segment on King5 morning Seattle news on KONG... 
 Are we on your holiday wishlist? :) 
 We have something fun in store for our Seattle fans!
 We've been nominated for Footwear Plus Magazine's Excellence in Design award for pre-walkers! To vote for us to... 
 RT  WIT & Whimsy is hosting a giveaway with favorite  Benefit Cosmetics! Loot worth $150! 
 RT  Tumblr is back, y'all!
  we love that- thank you!! <3
 RT  We have 270 "likes" on Facebook- will you like us? Special giveaway when we hit 500! www.facebook.com/magnoliapublicrela ...
 RT  We luv  shoes! Softest Ecofriendly Durable leather! Perfect for ur little ones piggies.
 RT  The south loves  Check out the ruby red Blossoms in the new issue of Southern Lady magazine...
 Our Blossom shoes are featured in the holiday gift guide for Southern Lady magazine- perfect for little Southern... 
 We were selected for Curve magazine's Holiday Gift Guide, along with our friends A.BIRD clothing! Are Livie & Luca... 
 I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "Livie & Luca Press" 
 is about to go on location to capture the essence of chubby wide eyed beauty. Fall 2011 is sure to delight and surprise!!!
 Our Cyber Monday sale made Child Mode blog today! Enjoy 30% off with the coupon code cybermonday30 at... 
 FB Fans Hear it first!  Cyber Monday 30% off ... one day only but our FB fans can start shopping tonight!  Coupon code:  cybermonday30.
 Buy 3 pairs and get 33% off plus free shipping!  Coupon code holiday33, valid until Sunday night!
 Gobble gobble! Have a happy Thanksgiving from our families to yours...And remember the Shoes For Little Feet deal!... 
 We're giving thanks for all of our fans & for this great deal from our retailer, Shoes For Little Feet!  
 Shoe wee! We're on Pregnancy and Newborn Magazine's blog today! 
 Peekadoodle...we see you! If you're in the Bay area we're having a holiday trunk show at Peekadoodle's Kids Club... 
 A sweet review of our red London Boots by Wee Baby Stuff! 
 Our new baby shoes are featured on Child Mode blog! Which style is your favorite? 
 RT  It's the final day to score 25% off select Livie & Luca styles courtesy of DailyCandy Kids- stock up now for...  ...
 One more day to score 25% off with our DailyCandy Kids deal! Follow the link to purchase select styles, including... 
 More of your favorite styles have just arrived! Shop soon because they won't last ... some styles have already... 
 RT   People's Baby Blog mentions a Wild Child fav  and their new baby collection! We have 'em! http: ...
 RT   on  From People.com: Livie and Luca Launches New Baby Collection 
 Our new baby shoes are featured on People.com's Celebrity Baby Blog today! 
  deal! 25% off select pairs of  shoes (including baby styles) w/ code dk25off 
 RT  New deal! Score 25% off select pairs of  shoes (including baby styles) w/ code dk25off thru Nov. 11. ht ...
 RT   deal! 25% off select pairs of  shoes (including baby styles) w/ code dk25off  ...
 We're on DailyCandy Kids Deals today!  "You’ll find these shoes by our door every season. Why? The cute designs,... 
 RT  Really trying to resist buying Miss M the most adorable  shoes because theyre $$ but its not working  ...
 RT  Just did a major  update! Retailers HAVE to see the cute shoes and boots for the fall/winter season  ...
 RT  We have one slot open for a new client! Interested in PR for your children's brand? DM or email us!
 The difference between needs and want...teach em young! 
 Happy Halloweekend! Don't forget to scoop up a few Livie & Lucas for 20% off from our retailer Shoes For Little... 
 Bay Area: Sample sale today and tomorrow! The truck is loaded with goodies! You must be present to buy! 
 YO! YO! YO! BAY AREA: SAMPLE SALE Oct. 29 & 30.  Livie & Luca will be selling samples, seconds and past season... 
 Brown Woodlands sizes 5-10 are available on www.livieandluca.com! 
 is prepping to launch on Zappos!
  thanks for the love! We have heard that sentiment from quite a few moms! <3
 RT  Absolutely smitten by  shoes. Have been for ages. Must try them out. How about some for the mama-set??   ...
 Visit ShoesForLittleFeet.com & enter the code TRICKORTREAT at checkout to receive 20% off your Livie & Luca purchase! 
 Another deal from Livie & Luca retailer Shoes For Little Feet! Visit their site between now and Halloween and... 
 Hi Fans, Thank you for being one of our 1130 fans. Reaching this magical number couldn't have come at a more... 
 Check out Hildy's Selection, a Livie & Luca Halloween! 
 RT  Our first celebrity baby fan: Kourtney Kardashian's little boy Mason! He's wearing an A.Bird thermal henley- the... http: ...
 Today only! 15% off with the coupon code "facebook15off" at www.livieandluca.com! Hurry, popular fall styles will sell out fast!
 Take a walk on the wild side! 
 Cherish your children.
 We love when new fans find us via social media! Check out this blog posting from a mom who found us on Twitter! 
 RT  Aww how adorable is this gnome costume using  Woodland boots? Baby Halloween Costumes- Parenting.com http:/ ...
  woohoo thanks for the shout out! <3
 RT  love:livie and luca  
 RT   Rockin' her  red London Boots!!  //jealous
 We love when you post your fan photos on our page! Keep them coming! 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 We love little gnomes wearing our Woodland boots! Check us out on Parenting.com! 
 Our whimsical fall collection is featured on Growing Your Baby! 
 We love our fans! Don't worry we haven't forgotten about the 1,000 fans promotion- we're just waiting on a big... 
 
 NYC here we come! We'll be in Booth  at ENK Children's Club Show for retailers, October 3-5 at the Javits center! 
 We're on MomFinds today! 
 Model Mom! Check out Livie & Luca's Mitzi and daughter Maya modeling in Mom magazine! 
 London calling! Our London boots are featured in the new issue of Mom magazine's holiday gift guide! Are they on... 
 Thank you to all of our fabulous fans- we've met and exceeded our goal of 1,000 fans! Stay tuned for more exciting... 
 Our new fall shoes are now in stock at Toeheadz! 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Livie & Luca Press" 
 Mark your calendars for Livie & Luca at the Kid's Fall Festival in Oakland! 
 I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "Livie & Luca Press" 
 Our theme song: 
 Have you picked out your child's Halloween costume yet? Here's some inspiration: Babytalk magazine used our... 
  thanks! We love Lilsugar too! :)
 RT  looking for cute kids shoes for your fall portraits? check out  - they're flipping adorable!  ...
 RT  So cute-  Woodland boots are used in this gnome Halloween costume in Babytalk!  
 Our new fall shoes are featured on Child Mode today! Which style is your favorite? 
 RT  We're on  today! Get Everything You Need From Babies & Bundles! | Family Style 
  thanks for the FF love!
 We're heading to NYC in a couple weeks! Retailers, please visit us at ENK Children's Club Show, October 3-5! Livie... 
 Toeheadz mentions us in their latest blog- and get a preview of our Spring/Summer '11 styles! 
 We'll be at ENK Children's Club Show on October 3-5 in NYC...Booth  
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Livie & Luca Press" 
 So close...just need 43 more fans to reach 1000! 
 We adore Earnshaw's! 
 We love when fans post blogs and pictures of their children in our shoes! 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Livie & Luca Press" 
 A Parent in Silver Spring blog named us as a favorite back to school product! 
 Our baby shoes are featured on Hudson's Childrenswear Review! 
 Imelda Marcos would be jealous...we agree! Thanks Mamaista! 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Giving Back" 
 We were happy to donate shoes for Haitian children and our friends at Earnshaw's and Soles4Souls are raising funds... 
 Shoe giveaway! Don't forget to comment for a chance to win a free pair of Livie & Lucas! 
 Enter to win a pair of Livie & Lucas by commenting on this Babble.com blog! 
 We hope our beloved fans are having a fabulous Labor Day weekend! Check us out on Momtrends! 
 We're on DailyCandy Kids today for back to school shoes, all cities! 
 We've reached 900 fans today! Don't forget we're thinking of doing a special promo when we reach 1,000- please... 
 Hey Houston fans! We're in the latest issue of 002 magazine! 
 119 fans til we reach 1000...Can we reach it by Labor Day? 
 We're on DailyCandy Kids today for our partnership with Children’s Fairyland! 
 Have you signed up for the special $60 Fairyland membership? We had a fan ask about the address to include in the... 
 I posted 11 photos on Facebook in the album "Fall Fairyland" 
 Our new baby shoes are mentioned on Earnshaw's blog! 
 We're thinking of doing another special promotion once we reach 1,000 fans! Right now we're at 841...Please tell... 
 We're thinking of doing another special promotion once we reach 1,000 fans! Right now we're at 841...Please tell... 
 Another glowing review for our shoes! Thanks Thrifty & Chic Mom! 
 Momma in Flip Flops 2 loves our shoes...do you too? :) 
 We have a super special offer for our Bay area fans! Children’s Fairyland in Oakland is offering a discount for... 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Livie & Luca Press" 
 More love for Livie & Luca! 
 Our posh London boots are featured on B is for Baby blog! 
 Our fall shoes are now available online! 
 Our new fall Blossom shoes are featured on Chi Chi Bean's blog! 
 Two more fans and we'll be at 800! Tell your friends! :) 
 Our turquoise Fun Dots are a shoe-in for Pregnancy and Newborn Magazine! 
 We just need 13 more "likes" on Facebook to reach 800! Do you like us yet? :) www.facebook.com/livieandluca
 Tick tock tick tock, our sale ends today! Livie & Luca styles are on sale for 50% off. Enter promo code bigsale2010 at www.livieandluca.com!
 RT  Last day for the big  sale! Livie & Luca styles are on sale for 50% off. Enter promo code bigsale2010 at ww ...
 RT  RT  We're having a sample sale w/ other labels! July 25th 12-5 p.m. at 
 RT  Hope to see our Bay Area fans at our sample sale tomorrow! 
 We're having a sample sale w/ other labels! July 25th 12-5 p.m. at 
 Our once a year BIG SALE is here! Ends July 28, shop today for the best selection! Enter promo code bigsale2010 at www.livieandluca.com.
 RT   Mitzi and her daughter Maya are doing a photo shoot for a major magazine this afternoon! Can't wait to h ...
 RT   Mini Social sale is featured on Babble! Best Shopping Deals | Family Style 
 Our Facebook contest is hopping! Which shoe style will win? Bloom is currently in the lead...Cast your vote! www.facebook.com/livieandluca
 RT   :  Thanks for the follow, love your shoes which my daughter has worn since she started walking!
  awesome! :)
 RT  Our  contest has launched! 
 We've launched a new contest on our Facebook page! "Like" your favorite style! www.facebook.com/livieandluca
 we're giving 25% off pink Elephants, Haru, pink & turquoise Fun Dots styles! Promo code summer3 at www.livieandluca.com.
 RT   is giving 25% off pink Elephants, Haru, pink & turquoise Fun Dots! Promo code summer3 at www.livieandluca.com.
 Press galore! Our darling Bloom sandals are featured on  
 RT   darling Bloom sandals are on  So cool:  ...
  thanks for the FF love! <3
 Our weekly special! 25% off Emilios (red, lime) and Petals (red, magenta)! Promo code summer2 at www.livieandluca.com, expires June 16.
 RT   Yellow Hollands and Lime Emilios in Upscale magazine! 
 Don't miss out! It's the last day to save 25% off  Bloom & Barcelona styles! Enter promo code summer1 at www.livieandluca.com.
 RT  It's the last day to save 25% off  Bloom & Barcelona styles! Enter promo code summer1 at www.livieandluca.com.
  beautiful as always!
 Special coupon code for our fans! 25% off our Bloom & Barcelona styles! Enter promo code summer1 at www.livieandluca.com. Expires 6/9.
 RT  Sweet blog about  Eve's red apple shoes:  ...
 RT  Special coupon code for  fans: 25% off Bloom & Barcelona styles! Enter promo code summer1 at www.livieandlu ...
 We're doing a giveaway with  hope you win! RT  GIVEAWAY: Livie & Luca Leather Shoes - Child Mode 
 RT  You asked for it...A  giveaway! RT  GIVEAWAY: Livie & Luca Leather Shoes - Child Mode  ...
 From People.com: Shoes We Love: Livie and Luca’s Adorable Eco-Friendly Collection 
 On People.com today!  
 RT  we have more  shoes in!  I love the Magenta Petal shoe...too cute for little girls!
 Love Livie & Luca shoes? It's the last few days to vote for us for best shoes in  Readers' Choice awards! 
 RT  Vote for  &  in Readers' Choice Awards for Pregnancy and Newborn Magazine!  ...
 Do you have a cute baby & live in the Bay area? We're doing a model search, here's the details: www.facebook.com/magnoliapublicrelations
  thank you for the fab review!
 RT  Check out  Pink Elephants shoes! RT  Running Amok! Livie and Luca Review | Slice o' Heaven http:// ...
 RT  Do you have a cute baby & live in the Bay area?  is doing a model search, the details: www.facebook.com/mag ...
 It's the very last day of our sale! Have you stocked up on L&L? 20% off all in-stock items w/ promo code Earth at www.livieandluca.com.
 RT  The last day!  is having a special 2-day sale! 20% off all in-stock items w/ promo code Earth at www.liviea ...
  will do! :) Did you see our fall collection at ENK? :)
 For Earth Day we're having a special 2-day sale! 20% off all in-stock items w/ promo code Earth at www.livieandluca.com, ends Fri April 23!
 RT   is having a special 2-day sale! 20% off all in-stock items w/ promo code Earth at www.livieandluca.com, en ...
 RT  Vote for  and  in 2010 Readers' Choice Awards Pregnancy & Newborn Magazine:  ...
 RT  Kids LA press!  ...
  congratulations!
 Check out our colorful Bloom sandals in the new issue of Kids LA magazine! www.facebook.com/livieandluca
 We've been busy updating our online shop with our new styles, take a look! www.livieandluca.com
 RT  RT    and  are on    ...
 It's the last few days for our contest, have you entered? www.facebook.com/livieandluca for the details!
 RT    and  are on    ...
 RT  Have you voted for  and  for  Readers' Choice Awards? Cast your vote today: http:// ...
 Check us out on  
 Check out our Pio Pios & boots in BabyTalk! 
 Want to win Livie & Luca shoes? Enter our Facebook giveaway! Details at www.facebook.com/livieandluca
 RT  We have a special  contest for St. Patrick's Day! Check it out here: www.facebook.com/livieandluca
 We are in the new issue of Hudson's! Check out the write-up and Bloom shoes on page 20: 
 RT  Check out   and  in the new issue of Hudson's!  ...
 RT  How cute do the  shoes look on little Ivy? RT  Latest Look: Stephanie Precourt’s Elegant Ivy http ...
 RT  Livie & Luca: Folk Art-Inspired Spring/Summer ‘10 Shoe Collection - Child MODE: Fashions, Styles & Trend... 
 RT  Livie & Luca: Folk Art-Inspired Spring/Summer ‘10 Shoe Collection   
 RT  RT  Livie & Luca: Folk Art-Inspired Spring/Summer ‘10 Shoe Collection - Child MODE: Fashions, Styles & Trend.. ...
 Sample requests are pouring in! Yay 
  yay! :)
 RT  Livie and Luca Shoes - Tot Snob 
  thanks! :)
 We have a special 20% off coupon code, "collective20" at www.livieandluca.com! 
  yay! We have a special 20% off coupon code if you do, "collective20"!
 We've launched our folk art-inspired Spring/Summer collection! Read all about it here: 
 RT   shoes has launched their vibrant, folk art-inspired Spring/Summer collection! Available now at www.liviean ...
 Uploading some new pictures for our Facebook fan page!
 RT   - A sweet fan photo for   Ian wearing their elephant shoes!
 Hello Twitter! We are busy with our Fall '10 photo shoot, more news to come!
 RT  Time to create a Facebook fan page and Twitter for Livie & Luca! Glad they are back after a PR hiatus in '09 and ready t ...
