  Was it good? I might have to get one on the way home.
 Child's Play Communications Announces Addition of My Twinn to its Client Roster 
 Going to DisneyWorld with the kiddos!! I'm excited but tickets are a little pricey!
 RT  Muy feliz jueves. Que terminemos Junio por todo lo alto!
 RT  Reminder: Early-bird prices for the  '11 Chicago Conference end today - Go register now and save!  ...
 I really think my computer needs a mental health day.
  LOL. It sure is!
 My computer is not being very nice to me today :-(
 RT  Hispanic Celebrities Reconnect with Latino Heritage in New TV Series 
  No problem. I think it's a great idea!
 RT  (New Post) Latino Heritage Month Contest:   
 RT  Great sponsors: Procter & Gamble, MAM Baby, Corolle, Toy State, Backyard Safari, Music Together, Fairytales  ...
 RT  Ya listos para comenzar una nueva semana? les enviamos buenas vibras para que sea excelente para todos!
 RT  Study:  are spending more time with  
 RT  Child's Play and  announce the finalists for the 2nd Annual  awards   ...
 Yummy flan!! RT  ¡Receta de flan de la semana!  de queso crema y calabaza   
 Exactly 2 weeks left til  awards at  Thx to P&G    & 
 RT  RT  !  based on research,  is largest+fastest growing movement in social media...! ...
 Tonight's Scavenger Hunt with  should be fun! 9pm EST   
 RT  Time Out Kids | The 10 best things to do this weekend with your NYC kids and family: May 28-30 
  June issue has the summer's hottest toys.  made the list!!  
 RT  P&G, MAM USA, Backyard Safari Outfitters, Corolle and Toy State  among sponsors of the 2nd Annual Bloganthropy Award ...
 RT  Sharing some good news. The Bird Watcher's Field Kit received the Parents' Choice Recommended award! 
 RT  Exciting news! Cat Tough Tracks received the Parents' Choice Approved award. 
 RT  Todobebe Partners with Walmart to Offer Year-Round Content for Hispanic Moms 
  That's great!! Parent & Child mag is featuring NYCityMama.com on front pg of their iPad app!  
 RT  What do you think: Does Facebook  make you a lousy mom? 
 Noon already?! This day is flying by.
 After about 2 weeks of resisting I finally gave in to the royal wedding. Happy Friday!!!
 RT  How do you define an "influential" mom blogger? Check out my Engage:Moms post: 
 I love weddings just as much as the next gal, but there is way too much  talk. It's everywhere!
 RT  Hey! Everything is good. How are you?
 Child's Play was highlighted on Mashable today: Top 5 Innovative Ways PR Pros Are Using Social Media . See 
 RT   Bird Watcher Field Kit was featured on Today this morning as one of  "Smart Toys for S ...
 RT  Today is the big day! Hispanicize 2011 social media and  conference kicks off 
 RT  The  have been announced! Congrats to     and 
 RT  Helpful and fun toys to help teach your kids about money! Zillionz Savings Goal ATM & Talking Cash Register Revi...  ...
 It's going to be cloudy all week in NYC. No bueno!!
  Went with my sis, nieces, and nephew to see Wimpy Kid on Friday & we just loved it!!
 RT   Participa de nuestro concurso subiendo la mejor foto de tu Bebé sanito, fuerte y alegre. 
 Mom bloggers: Are you interested in hosting a fun Gogos Crazy Bones home party for family + 10 friends? Pls tell  right away!
 That's great! RT  Oscar Nominated actor Edward James Olmos to Keynote Hispanicize 2011  
 Engage: Moms - Bloggers Use Social Media to Do Good (via  
  Really?!?!
 RT  Announcing our “Show Us Your Money”  Visit our FB for entry rules and a look at our fabulous prizes:  ...
 I need a second round of coffee today
 RT  Come share your best wintery pictures on our FB page for a chance to win a collection of our new  products! ht ...
 LOL so many names wrong RT  Since when am I "Tad?" How badly does Starbucks misspell your name? PHOTOS: 
 Love it! RT  Loving the  recipes, especially this one: How to turn Raisels into an adult drink 
 RT  Reminder! Today is the last day to get in your application to contribute to the new Mega Bloks Family Club site.  http ...
 RT  Tomorrow, March 1, is the last day to apply to  be a MEGA Bloks  Mom!  Don't miss this  fun  (an ...
   Thanks for the  love! Have a great weekend.
 RT  MEGA Brands Announces Mega Bloks Moms Search 
 I was not expecting snow today. Not happy :-(
 RT  The Great Backyard Bird Count begins today, so grab your binoculars and get out there! Here’s how to participate: htt ...
 Back in the office after   ... good show!
  I want the old twitter back too :-(
 Wow  is just around the corner. Hopefully it gets warmer next week. 
 RT  Wish you could hover less, let kids go MORE? If you live in Toronto or NYC, be on Free-Range Kids reality show! DM for deets!
 RT  Proud to announce that Parent Tested, Parent Approved (PTPA) awarded us their Winner's seal! Check out the details here ht ...
 Every day! RT  Paciencia y fe....
 RT  We are excited to announce the Mega Bloks Mom search. Click here for more details  
 Chuck and Phil didn't see their shadows this morning. Shorter winter!! Hope they're right because I didn't enjoy skating to work today.
 I haven't seen this much snow in NYC in a long time. Getting ready for more snow this week :-(
 RT  Be sure to visit Summit’s Backyard Safari Outfitters and Zillionz, Booth     Kids field gear, money managemen ...
 RT  Psyched about  having an article on our social-media moms study in today's Engage: Moms   Would  ...
 Hope everyone attending  has a fabulous time!
 The January Issue of Marketing Communications: Moms is out now 
 RT  Chinese Moms, Part 1: I’ve just returned from the most amazing trip to China to visit my son..... 
 Snow again! I'm going to ask the question my niece constantly asks me. Pero porque?!
 I guess it's time for Regis to leave :-( I wonder who'll take his place. 
 RT  Ripp is traveling the world and visiting some awesome landmarks! Find out “Where in the World is Ripp?” on Facebook http:/ ...
  Should've been a snow day though. I don't think anyone sent their kids to school. My nephew stayed home today.
  Good point. Uptown Manhattan is a bit of a mess, but downtown is pretty clean (of course).
 Snow is really not that bad in NYC. Don't know what all the fuss was about.
 "Things Babies Born in 2011 Will Never Know"   - my 12 y/o nephew doesn't most of the things on this list :-(
 RT  Know of a “new moms” group? We r looking 2 connect, so send URL asap!
  I'm looking forward to your tweets!!
 Excited about getting earrings for the little divas for Xmas. The challenge: finding diva  pink huggies (per her request).
 Ugh, technology is just not working with me tonight! I guess that means it's time for bed.
 My computer has not been cooperating :-( Missing out on the fun! 
 Great feature RT  We know that kids love noise, but did you know that some of our cars have a "Mute" button? 
 RT  For more information on tonight’s prizes be sure to check out www.ToyState.com 
  Agreed! 
 If you have a babysitter, shopping at the stores is great! 
 RT  Shopping online is so easy but there is something nice about picking up the presents yourself. 
 RT  The Winner of our First Prize is  Please DM us with your mailing info. 
 Good evening everyone! 
 RT  We are revving up our engines for the  Twitter Party tonight 10:00 EST/7:00 PST. Can't wait to chat with everyone!
 Child's Play Announces Results of Social Media Moms Study 
 Today Show's Natalie Morales is Latina’s New ‘Modern Mami’ | Latina  via 
 So cold in NYC. Hope everyone is keeping warm!
 RT  Is your child a cyberbully? New post via  
 What a busy week!! TGIF :-)
 Rudolph would look great under my Xmas tree!! RT  This Rudolph  is too cute!   
 RT  Another wonderful post about our  Thank you  
  It was great meeting you today!! Looking forward to working together!
 RT  Holiday Toy Guide: At Child’s Play, we have the good fortune to represent a number of toy clients.  
 RT  Black Friday alert: Save $5 off any Road Rippers R/C through Dec. 24th. For more info visit 
 RT  RSVP here to win at the  Twitter Party  
 I'm so excited about the Child's Play  Never been to Chi-Town!
 RT  My latest blog post is up at PlayTimeWithJulie as well as a link to my Better Connecticut TV appearance 
 RT  Look! Our intern has stumbled upon a very rare beast - the Child's Play Fuzzoodle! 
 RT  Great opp for bloggers and brands to connect 1:1 at our Chicago Holiday Bloggers Brunch, 11/20 
 Good morning! Happy Friday!!!
  I absolutely love the pic of your Fuzzoodle hanging off the chandelier   
 RT  We have One Final Big Big  Prize Pack Tonight!! Winner To Be Announced in about 10 minutes!! 
 RT  The Fourth Winner of The Night is  Congratulations!!!  
 Q4 My nephew loves RC cars 
 RT  The Winner of our Third Prize IS   Congratulations! DM us your 411 Please! Woo HOO! I love This stuff! 
  Dance parties are huge in my house with my niece and nephew  
 RT  lets show the luv to  &  lets trend!  plz rt! 
 RT  Our Second Prize of The Night is a CAT Take Apart Toy Machine Your Kids WIll Love!! Its Going to........... 
 RT  You Guys/Gals ready to win some cool stuff? Our First Prize is a CAT E/Z Toy Machine!!  
 RT  Were Talking Hobbies and Toys Tonight w/ Our Friends  Are you Ready To Chat and Win Some Cool Stuff? 
 Hi everyone!! 
      
 Good morning !! I'm so excited about Halloween!
 RT  Are black cats really bad luck? Talk myths, pranks & more  twitter party Thurs10/28 9pmET 
 RT  Women Will Have It All When Men Do 
 So excited about Halloween!!  I'm loving the "Jack-o-Lantern" creation  
 Child’s Play Hosts Chicago Bloggers Brunch!  
 RT   featured  Zillionaire  - to help you get those allowances in order! 
 Attn Toy Companies: The Goddard School Announces Call for Submissions for 3rd Annual Preschooler Approved Toy Test.
  I'm excited for  with 
 Fun event in NYC on Sunday including  check out  and  for info!
 RT  Backyard Safari Outfitters  is today!! Join us at 1:00pm CST 
 RT Join the  Twitter Party tomorrow 1:00 CST   (Pre-Reg for Prizes)
  Thanks!!
 It's Fuzzoodle Friday!! Disco Diva is ready for a night out on the town!  
 Thanks for the Friday  love!!    
 RT  Marketers Are Tracking Your Kids Online: Companies that run kids’ Web sites know way too much about your kids, acc.. ...
 I should forward these to my sister! RT  7 Tips for Finding ‘Me’ Time 
  Woohoo Fuzzoodle Friday!!  Mr. Fuzz looks great!  
  Discussion on how PR professionals can effectively communicate + build relationships w/influential bloggers. It was great!
 Great insight from     and  during last nights panel. Thanks ladies!!
 RT  National Money Talk Night is tomorrow. Follow  for tips on how to create  effective allowance program at home!
  Glad the kids had a great time with Mythbusters Science of Sports. Great photos and video!  
 RT  Hey Dads, be sure to stop by the Toy State booth  Sept. 9-11 to "test-drive" some of our new products!
  Glad your little princess had a blast w/Scientific Explorer Blissful Body Mist Kit from  
 Glad both you and the kids are enjoying Zillionz! RT  Zillionz Talking Cash Register and Funny Farm Bank. 
 Happy Friday!! Although I have nothing planned, I'm excited for the long weekend!
 RT  How to Prepare Your Kids for Money Challenges - Good tips on CBS "Eye on Parenting". 
  I was getting a Team Mom mailing together and I just realized that you and I are practically neighbors! :-)
 RT Check out Nolan Gould (Luke from Modern Family) with the Shred Sled at the Emmy Awards gifting suite! 
  LOL, I know!
  The rain in NYC is over. Now on to a heat wave this week. LOL
 Good morning! Hope everyone is off to a good start.
  Your kids' Fuzzoodles look fantastic! 
 RT  Just because school started for most, doesn’t mean the kids can’t still get out  (via 
 RT  Are you becoming your mother? Starting to sound, look + act like your mother? TODAY Show is looking... 
  I will gladly send the rain out west LOL
 Rainy morning in NYC, but at least it's Wednesday!
 RT  RT   looking for 10 outspoken voices who want to become  contributors. 
  What a treat! Funny you should post that pic when I've been eating sweets all day LOL
  Oh my, that looks so yummy!!! 
 Love to welcome  to Twitter!! Stay tuned for product info, money tips for kids, and much more!!!
 RT  The Official   recap is now up!   pls RT
 RT  Check out our BYSO Facebook page for essential field tips to stay safe and be responsible outdoors. 
 RT  Bellybuds will be at the NYIGF this weekend! 
 Dinner’s On Us and Bloganthropy Award Photos: 
 Check out footage from 1st annual Bloganthropy awards/ in NYC on August 5, 2010. 
  Looking forward to seeing you at  tonight!
 RT  Studies show good (and bad) news for working moms 
  is just hours away. So excited!!
 Shout out to all the moms  and  they just showed on  !!! 
 RT  Going on a concrete safari with  tomorrow!  
  My Diva Fuzzoodle photographs well!! 
  is tomorrow! I'm so excited. Haven't had chocolate in a long time so I'm really looking forward to the Smores from Hershey!
 RT  Bonding with Your Baby in Utero 
 RT  mOmma's messiest mOments photo contest is up and running on ! Hope you can check it out.
  is days away + I'm really excited! Fantastic list of sponsors: Toyota, Nickelodeon, K'NEX, Giddy Up, Baby Boom, Hershey/Kraft
 We have a new Child's Play Team member -- everyone give her a warm welcome! 
 RT  Child's Play announces 2010 Bloganthropy award finalists 
   Looking forward to seeing you both at 
  Awards is almost here! Excited to meet all of the fantastic bloggers attending.
 Finalists for first annual Bloganthropy awards announced! (via  
 RT  looking for the next Backyard Safari Outfitters Kid! Audition Sunday at McWane Center in Birmingham. 
 Sounds fun!  Calling all NYC-area moms: Interested in a day of fun and glamour? Then check this out: 
  Thanks for the FF shout out!
  Congratulations! So exciting. RT  “It’s a…girl?” My wife and I found out the sex of our 2nd baby 
 Thoughts on the growing trend of baby planners? 
 RT  Fun question of the day: What kind of interesting foods have you been craving during your pregnancy?
 Know someone blogging for a good cause? Today is the last day to nominate someone for the Bloganthropy Awards! 
 Good post! (via  Parenting By Personality – What To Do When Your Kid Is Nothing Like You  
 Woohoo! Cold Stone Creamery to join other top sponsors at NYC Dinner's On Us/Bloganthropy Awards Aug 5. Don't miss it! 
 RT  Bellybuds and Surrogacy - 
  is speaking in audioconference on Marketing to Women today! 
 Child's Play Comm Announces Dinner's On Us Pre-BlogHer Event 
 What do women really want? How Online PR Can Reach $5 Trillion in Female Purchasing Power featuring  
 Does Your Tech Obsession Damage Your Kids? via  
 Rockin' my  to work today. So comfy!
  Thanks for the shout out!
  Hola Chica! Como estas? Is  the event you were telling me at the Blogger's Brunch? If it is, have fun!!
 We have a new addition to the Child's Play team. Welcome 
 Child's Play and  are excited to announce the Bloganthropy Award-recognizing bloggers making a difference 
 Wishing all the moms an early very Happy Mother's Day!!
  Twitter Party tonight! Lots of cool prizes! Check out the deets here:  
 RT  Check us out ! RT  Marianne  has some great outdoor toys to enjoy now with the great weather: htt ...
 Don't miss the  Twitter Party tonight! Lots of cool prizes! Check out the deets here:  
 RT  Don't miss the  Twitter Party on 5/3. Lots of cool prizes! Check out deets  
 RT   Our LA Bloggers Brunch video is up -- enjoy! Great to meet everyone.. 
 WSJ.com - Pushing Kids To Play Outside 
  it was great meeting u too! Glad u had a good time. I was so comfy in my pajamajeans on the plane ride home :-) 
 Had a great time at the  Hope everyone else had an awesome time as well!
  Hola chica! Estoy de acuerdo en quedarme mas tiempo. Dejame saber quando vienes a NYC. 
  Wish you could make it to LA. I've never been out there so I'm super excited to even be at the airport LOL
 Can't wait for  Amazing list of sponsors  Nickelodeon, PajamaJeans, Cold Stone Creamery, Dyson, Summit Toys , Bandai ,Toyota!
 RT  Today 40,000 Preschoolers Step Up for  Check out what they are doing in this clip: 
  Definitely backpack. Shoulder tote bags are so uncomfortable when you're with the kids 
 Can't wait for the 4/13 Child's Play LA Bloggers Brunch! Never been to LA so I'm excited! 
 I'm sure everyone will have a great time in Orlando! 
 What a beautiful day in NYC!! I think I'll take my niece and nephew to the park today.
 RT  Second Languages for Young Children 
 RT  Child’s Play Hosts LA Bloggers Brunch, April 13th: We had so much fun before, we’re doing it again!
 The snow is worse than I thought in NYC. Took me over an hour to get to the office today!
 RT  Hey  -ers, we created a quick survey about Blogger Events and would really love your feedback. 
 Goddard Schools Kicks Off the “Get Active” Initiative to Keep Youngsters Moving 
  Link to potty training tips 
  Here are a couple of great tips for potty training from  Good luck and let me know how it goes when you begin!
        
 Boston parents: Just a reminder to register for the fun & free Preschool Discovery Day event happening this Saturday! 
 U.K. Politicians Court Mommy Bloggers 
 Boston parents: There are still a few spaces available for Preschool Discovery Day event Sat. 2/20 12p-2p. Pre-reg at 
 Great seeing    at the   with 
 Off to Toy Fair at the Javitz. Excited to see the fantastic booths! 
 Hey Boston Moms! Don't miss the Preschool Discovery Day event Sat. 2/20 12p-2p (free & fun). Pre-reg required at 
 With all this snow, it's the perfect day to stay in w/kids + bake. Any other suggestions on activities to do with snowbound kids?
 Tomorrow's snow must be serious, public schools will be closed tomorrow in Manhattan. That rarely happens.
 Do you think required tooth brushing at preschool is a good idea? 
 I think Puxatauny Phil's prediction is wrong. I'm joining team Chuck and saying that spring is around the corner!
 Good morning everyone! Hoping that coffee kicks in soon.
 Check out the Preschool Discovery Day! Education & Innovation Expo -a free & fun event in Boston on Saturday, Feb. 20. 
 RT  Would you want your kids practicing brushing their teeth in preschool? 
   Movies with my 2 yo niece was a success! She sat through Alvin & the Chipmunks.
  LOL. Thanks!!
   We watch movies at home and she sits through most of them. Let's see what happens at the theater (fingers crossed).
 I want to take the little ones to the movies. Is 2 yrs too young? Can't remember how old my nephew was the 1st time we went to the movies.
  Ojalá que todo resulte bien.
 NY post says handbags getting lighter b/c women who carried phone/laptop/planner now have iPhones+BB's. Don't know, my bag is stil heavy!
 Good morning tweeple! Pretty nice day in NYC.
 RT  Please watch the  today! Great guests and all about blogging, if you're in audience don't forget to use 
 Praying for the people of  - thousands of people (Haitians, Dominicans, & Americans) displaced, scared & hurt.
  Thanks for the RT!
    Thanks for the RT!!
 Looking for Boston-based mom bloggers to invite to fun special event. DM me for more details. Please RT.
  I thought it was normal. Does your son want to help out with the baby? My niece wants to help do everything for the baby.
 There is a new baby in the house. This week my 2 year old niece has been crying for no reason. Is that attention seeking behavior?
 Good morning all! Glad it's Friday.
 RT  Can Parenting Be Truly Equal? 
 Hey! Just getting started on Twitter. Stay tuned.
