 I just saw some disturbing things on YouTube about self surgeries.  Who does this stuff - SCARY!!!
 Day five of the Dukan Diet - I don't think I can go on any longer with just protein - onto the cruise phase!  Bring on the veggies!
 Hooray!  We just signed another company to attend the  event in September at the Ritz-Carlton in Orlando.  
 Any public or pre-IPO companies interested in meeting 100 investors in 2 days?  Check this out ---->  ---->
 some great people to        
 America West Resources Completes Mine Development and Commences Full Production at Horizon Coal Mine 
 Veteran Government Contractors to Bring MedeFile's Advanced iPHR Solution to U.S. Federal Agencies. 
 S&W Seed to Begin Commercial Scale Planting of Stevia 
  YW:)
         Some  recommendations
 MedeFile CEO Kevin Hauser to Be Featured on "CBS 12 Evening News" Tonight at 11:00 pm ET 
 MedeFile article,  "Telemedicine: On the Horizon and Beyond", was published in the May/June issue of MD NEWS  
 MedSave USA and MedeFile Join Forces to Market Web-Based Personal Health Record Solutions to Insurance Carriers 
 MedeFile International Engages HealthPro BioVentures to Pursue Strategic Marketing Partnerships in Healthcare Industry 
   Thank you for the  Have a great week!
    Some interesting people to 
 America West Resources Completes $4.5 Million Financing and Converts $5 Million in Debt to Equity 
 Part 2 Medefile CEO Kevin Hauser on "The Medical Hour: It's Your Health" Aired on 1220 AM All Talk Radio (KLPW AM) 
 Part 1 Medefile CEO Kevin Hauser on "The Medical Hour: It's Your Health" Aired on 1220 AM All Talk Radio (KLPW AM) 
 MDFI CEO Kevin Hauser to be Featured on "The Medical Hour: It's Your Health" Aired on 1220 AM All Talk Radio (KLPW AM) 
 Five New Physician Practice Groups to Offer MedeFile's iPHR Solution to Nearly 55,000 Patients, Collectively  
 What's in a name change?   To all the ladies out there very interesting article!
 The National Association of Local Advertisers Now Protected With MedeFile 
 RT  10 Tips for Posting on Your Brand’s Facebook Page   
 MedeFile Comments on Shift of Stock Quotation Coverage From OTCBB to OTCQB 
 G.M. Reports an Annual Profit, Its First Since 2004  
 Toyota Recalls 2.17 Million U.S. Models as Mat Flaws May Affect Gas Pedals  
 NYC outdoor smoking extinguished from May 23  
 Holly to Pay $2.9 Billion for Frontier Oil in All-Stock Deal  
 Android Market grows over 861% in one year  
 BHP to buy Chesapeake's Fayetteville shale gas assets for $4.75bn  
 Happy Presidents’ Day!
 Everyone should check out      
 Check out these people      
 MedeFile International Selects Elite Financial Communications Group for Strategic Investor Relations 
 U.S. Initial Jobless Claims Rose 25,000 to 410,000 Last Week  
 Google Launches One Pass, An Online Subscription Service To Rival Apple's  
 Verizon iPhone Unimpressive in First-Week Sales  
 Toshiba's glasses-free 3D laptop  
 Paper Files vs. Electronic Medical Records Video  
 Legal Fees at Fannie Mae Are Called Avoidable  
 Comcast's 4Q Profit Up 6.6%; Raises Dividend 19%  
 Starbucks, Courtesy Products ink hotel brewing deal  
 JPMorgan to Start Social Media Fund  
 GE Buys Oil Division Of John Wood  
 Credit Suisse Raises $6.2 Billion From Qatar Holding, Olayan  
 Siemens' profits beat forecasts with 17% rise  
 Ivory Coast risks return to civil war -  - 
 Which Motorola is the better investment?  - 
 Here are a few people worth checking out      
 Happy Friday!      
 Games and Other Diversions to Turn Into Holiday Gifts -  
 Pairing Investors With Food Businesses-  - 
 Phone-Wielding Shoppers Strike Fear Into Retailers   
 Credit Cards For Teenagers -  
 Helicopters used to save Fla. crop from rare chill  
 Navajo Mine plans for changes -  
 Google docs' offline support returns (Well, next year)  
 More Than Half of American Families Do Not Have a Financial Safety Net -  
 Church Financier To Be Sentenced in Ponzi Scheme-  - 
 AT&T Worst-Rated U.S. Carrier, Consumer Reports Says  
 Happy Friday!     
 Here are a few people worth checking out      
 Australia's Leighton wins $5.3 bn coal contract -  
 America Faces a New Sputnik Moment -  
 September home prices fall faster than expected - Still a lot of inventory on the market  
 Some exceptional people to follow      
 Here are a few people worth checking out      
 Man loses $20 million after taking laptop for repair  
 Check out these people      
 My recommendation for  goes to:     
 With Obama's visit, India displays new power  
 Thank you  and  for the  mentions
 Here are my  recommendations    
 Give these great tweeters a look      
 Microsoft and Google fight over Uncle Sam's cloud business -  
 Google settles Buzz privacy suit, tells users by e-mail  
 RT  Why Your Business Should Focus on Social Media and NOT GOOGLE Rank 
 McKesson to acquire US Oncology in $2.16B deal  
 China starts world's biggest census  
 Here are a few people worth checking out      
 Happy Friday!      
 Without driver or map, vans go from Italy to China  
 Nissan recalls 2 million cars  
 Yahoo tries to entice users with e-mail facelift  
 VeriFone dials up mobile deal with PayPal  
 Fridge Couch is a Recycled Refrigerator Sofa!  
 244,000 Germans Opt Out of Google Mapping Service  
 Feds consider limiting potatoes offered to kids  
 London Stock Exchange smashes world record trade speed with Linux  
 Cancer network favors Avastin — mostly  
 Flight delays cost passengers $16.7B  
 French police fire tear gas at students  
 Chocolate cholesterol claims spark debate  
 Toning Footwear: Sound Science or Gimmick?  
 Steve Jobs gives Chilean miners iPods  
 Scientists suggest that cancer is purely man-made  
 A reinvention of agriculture is needed to meet global challenges -  
 Salt Lake volunteers focus on sustainability during global work party  
 U.S. lifts ban on deep-water drilling  
 U.S. Most Overworked Nation in the World – When do we Draw the Line?  
 Fort Hood shooting suspect faces military hearing on charges  
 Killer whale born at SeaWorld Orlando  
 Home loan applications for purchases rise 9.3%  
 India third most powerful nation  
 Lake Mary Office Center Serving Flexible and Affordable Office Solutions  
 Why Chrome is Going to Win the Browser War  
 Senate votes to turn down volume on TV commercials  
 MBA Grads Unemployment  
 Frito-Lay Squashes SunChips Compostable Bags  
 U.S. Military is looking to lessen its dependence on fossil fuels - looking more for renewable energy sources -  
 First U.S. commercial stevia planting in SJV  
 Target stocks Apple's iPad in stores, hopes popular device will drive holiday shopping  
 Microsoft names three new division presidents following recent departures  
 New mammography study renews screening debate  
 Hero Pilot from Lake Mary: Sight of Firefighters "Comforting"  
 World War I Officially Ends -  
 Google is where most students want to land a job -  
 Tim Tebow Demoted  
 Get chocolate, sugar out of school  
 No Credit Card, Savings or Checking Account? You're Not Alone According to CreditInfocenter.com  
 Artificial skin brings sensitivity to robots and prosthetic limbs  
 19 year old college student gains instant fame by bringing Google-Instant clone to Youtube  
         Thanks for the mentions
 US soldiers charged with murdering civilians in Afghanistan - this will not play out well  
 My recommendation for  goes to:     
 5 minute brain scans measure maturity - just what helicopter parents need  
 Kindle coming to Best Buy for the holidays - I am thinking of getting one  
 Check out these awesome people     
 North Carolinas Yadkin Valley giving Napa a run for the money with wine lovers  
 Coming soon to a mall near you - Toys R Us to open 600 temporary express stores for the holidays  
 Fisherman allegedly catches 30-lb koi carp - is this photo for reel?  
 Manufacturers are slowly coming onboard with frustration-free packaging for e-commerce - Hallelujah!  
 Cockroach and locust brains to be the next super-antibiotics  
 Mind reading machine converts thoughts to words  
 Woman fakes cancer to trick husband and get a free wedding - what a soap opera stunt  
 Lady Gaga dons raw meat on cover of Vogue Hommes Japan - PETA is going nuts  
 Man equipped with suction cups and US flag climbs 58 stories of San Fran residential tower  
 Money does buy happiness - up to 75 Grand, that is  
 Lack of sleep in children linked to obesity later on  
 American Made - 5 companies bucking the outsourcing trend  
 Magic mushrooms ingredient may ease end-of-life anxiety - hey, whatever helps  
 How trillions in fiscal and monetary stimulus produced a 1.6 percent recovery  
  Hope you do the same
    Thanks for the mentions:)
  Hello from Orlando, FL! Hope you had a great weekend!
 Here are a few people worth checking out      
 Happy Friday!      
 Drop-out insurance gets traction as college tuitions climb  
 Back-to-college spending down - guess Junior does not need that Bullet Blender after all  
 Japanese video game has men checking into hotels with virtual girlfriends - has everyone lost their mind?  
 For all the  fans out there - here are the new season pairings  
 S&W Seed Company Announces Fiscal 2010 Year End Results  
 This mornings futures foretell a SLUGGISH market at the open     (REUTERS)
 DEPLETED for this mornings US stock market     (REUTERS)
 Questions loom over drug given to sleepless vets  
 Passion for SEC rivalries unmatched in NCAA football  
 Older Americans flocking to social networking sites  
 Increase in 15 yr mortgages signals shift in consumer attitude toward debt  
  My Pleasure! I had a great weekend... hope you did too!
    Thanks for the  mentions! Have a great week!
 Anticipate it SOARING at the open this morning     (REUTERS)
 The market will be POSITIVE for this mornings market open     (REUTERS)
 North Korea releases American imprisoned since January  
 Garmin recalling 1.2M units - I am checking my serial number  
 Google'sGmail phone calling hits the ground running but will it last  
 WallStreet braces for news on the economy -  
  Some interesting people to follow -    
 Florida Business Owners and Executives, we want to hear from you!  
 Sony working on 3-D TVs that do not require glasses  
 Would-be purse snatcher thwarted by a Kodak moment  
 How a hobby business becomes a gold mine  
 One letter on a plane ticket says a lot about you  
 Facebook suing over use of the suffix BOOK   
 OSHA fines SeaWorld $70K for exposing employees to drowning hazards - really?  Like water and killer whales?  
 Help Wanted - DEA is seeking Ebonics translators  
 Failure to follow simple directions ends in state losing $400 MILLION in federal grants 
 Alligators abandoned in northern waters - WHO keeps a PET ALLIGATOR?  
 Federal ruling could put an end to stem cell research - this will have to be lifted  
 RT  FNDS3000 Corp to Present at National Investment Banking Association's (NIBA) 115th Investment Conference 
 Tuesday Primaries: Establishment vs. outsiders  
 North Korea-linked Facebook Page Deleted Again  
 DROPPING for this mornings US stock market     (REUTERS)
 The word is FRAGILE for this mornings US stock market     (REUTERS)
 Broadcasters want FM on cellphones - phone makers balk  
 Something to celebrate in Chile - miners found after 17 days  
 Judges crack down on inappropriate dress in courtrooms - are we becoming a society of slobs?  
 HSBC Seeks foothold in Africa - buys majority of Nedbank - investors hit the Like button  
 Man sues over video game addiction - what are the damages for not having a life?  
 Location sharing goes mainstream - not sure I am ready to share yet  
         Thanks for the mentions!
 The market will be CERTAIN for this mornings market open     (REUTERS)
 ON THE RISE on the open for US stocks is likely     (REUTERS)
 Here are my  recommendations    
 Arch Coal reports mine safety order -  
 Kentucky Coal Companies Sued After Flooding -  
 Roger Clemens faces the heat - what happened to honest American sports heroes?  
 Hope everyone is having a good Friday! Here are some  recommendations     
 Drink up - wine drinkers perform better on cognitive tests  
 Giant rats invade housing complex - 30 inches long!  
 Bull jumps out of ring and into stands - Holy cow  
 Steven Tyler - next judge on American Idol?  
 The word is PROGRESSIVE for this mornings US stock market     (REUTERS)
 The trend will likely be EAGAR at the open for the US market     (REUTERS)
 US, N Korea diplomacy down to 140 characters  
 10 crazy business ideas that worked - I knew PET ROCKS would make the list  
 Joaquin Phoenix's new documentary - Spinal Tap redux or just plain self-indulgent?  
 TN Vols running scared from the Tar Heels - and we are talking FOOTBALL folks  
 Study suggests young-for-grade students are overdiagnosed for ADD  
 ACT scores dip this year but more students prove to be college ready -  
 Are Navy aviator monikers getting too personal or are people getting too sensitive?   
 Market futures have reversed and now point to a higher open  (REUTERS) 
 MEEK on the open for US stocks is likely     (REUTERS)
 Feasibly UNELEVATED for this mornings US stock market     (REUTERS)
 U of North Carolina, Florida and Virginia top list of best values in public colleges  
 New assessment of American colleges puts high value on broad survey classes - isnt that what AP courses are for?  
 Largest expansion of old-style coal-fired power plants ensure utilities will be clinging to coal for a LONG TIME 
 Beware the Facebook DISLIKE button - it is a scam  
  Thanks for the RT. Have a good day!
 The trend will likely be STRONG at the open for the US market     (REUTERS)
 The move will be a POSITIVE this morning at the bell     (REUTERS)
 Woman gets face full of beer after foul ball -  
 Poll: Independent voters sour on Democrats  
 The Pakistanis are very upset about the govt response to the flooding-The govt dropped the ball BIG TIME 
 Piranas, crocs and boas litter the course - this is what you call extreme golf  
 Aging broadcast audience to change the face of advertising, programming - Sissy and Bobby here we come  
 Great Idea - VW Plant takes training for employees to a new level  
 Lucky escape for boy, 13, hit by lightning at 13:13 on Friday the 13th
        Thanks everyone:0
 The trend will likely be DROPPING at the open for the US market     (REUTERS)
 The move will be a REDUCED this morning at the bell     (REUTERS)
 Some great people to follow:      
 This video made my day - Sea World dolphins blowing air rings for fun  
 My hometown Little League team plays tonight for a spot at the World Series - GO VIERA SUNTREE  
  Some interesting people to follow:     
 10 worst cities to live- some of these made the BEST list last month WHATS UP WITH THAT  
 10 ways to avoid weight gain  
 I don't think that will save it - MySpace to revamp site in aim to simplify  
 Mobile clinics service the urban poor - I would like to see this everywhere  
 Pop Tarts store opens in NYC - pop tart sushi anyone?  
 Employee frames boss on porn charges - there is a special place waiting in the hereafter for this guy  
 The rise in childhood obesity prompts a gym class makeover  
 NDM-1 a new SUPER BUG has come out of India to Britian - NO KNOWN CURE - Keep an eye on this!  
 Dem Charles Rangel should just resign and ride off into TV commentator land - He could make more $$ legally anyway 
 RT  Prospect for business using LinkedIn and Twitter together  Great info
 Lake views, period details _ archaeologists uncover UK's oldest home built 11,000 years ago  
 Dogs Saved Girl From Abduction Attempt  
 Caviar farms spawn across Florida  
 Wal-Mart has raised prices about 6 pct in store over the last month - Some competitors have followed suit  
 New law prevents US soldiers overseas from receiving cigarettes by mail - cmon, theyre fighting a war for us Ahttp://yhoo.it/bovuKN 
 New website allows college students to wager on their final grades - this is a great idea  
 Jet Blue attendant curses fliers, grabs beer and exits by emergency slide - heck of a way to quit  
 Papelbons splitter-fastball combo packs a big punch with a 2-1 victory over Yankees  
 The move will be a WAVERING this morning at the bell     (REUTERS)
 Is government HELP really HURTING the electric car industry - this blogger has some good points  
 Jet-powered school bus hits 367 MPH - no more excuses for being LATE for the bell! 
 You can now LISTEN to the Kama Sutra on the way to work  
 Race to the Top sweepstakes sparks quiet revolution in U.S. education - teachers unions are NOT HAPPY  
 Dry pet food causing salmonella poisoning among children - keep their hands out of the dog bowl  
    Thanks for the  mentions!
           Thanks for the  mentions
 Here are my  recommendations    
 Hope everyone is having a good Friday! Here are some  recommendations     
 Alarming new study shows that corn syrup can fuel cancer  
 Ways to extend the battery life on your iPhone  
 Playing with tongue piercing causes tooth problems - besides making you look stupid  
 Florida courthouse stores thousands of virtual strip search images - begs the question why?  
 Study shows healing prayer does work - tell me something I dont already know  
 FDA proposes stricter rules on approving redesigned medical devices  
 Women behave differently in the mall when they are most fertile - retailers need to capitalize on this somehow  
 GM will put $5 Mil into an electric car maker - Is this our money or theirs?  
 Sen Raid of NV has gotten a slim lead in the polls - 6 mos ago he was a goner - Should be worth watching - All the Democrats are 
 42,000 jobs added in US private sector in July - Much better than the 19,000 in May - Small steps every month is what we need 
 College students tell Facebook like it is - Keep It Simple  
 Be Sure Exercise Is All You Get at the Gym  
 Safest Cars for Teens, Seniors - Consumer Reports Expert Gives the Picks, Explains What Makes Them Best  
 App helps make call when you forget your phone - how about one that FINDS your phone?  
        Thanks for the mentions!
 Beatles upright piano to sell for 157K - a Bosendorfer is less and MUCH better IMO  
 This is very cool! Super Long Seaside Bench Made From Reclaimed Wood  
 2010 College football prerankings - a case for the Florida Gators winning the BCS  
 New cholesterol study indicates you can NOT be too young to start taking care of your heart  
 My guess is after this article we will be seeing a lot more men in red shirts  
 S&W Seed Co. hosting conf. call this afternoon:  Zacks also has updated research  $SANW
 Blackberrys may be cut off UAE and Saudi Arabia if RIM does not change policies - Coded messages are at the root 
 Twitter apes Facebook with Suggestions for You - Sounds like a pretty good idea for those looking for friendship  
 N.H. Family to Sell Farm After 378 Years - Old Age, Debt force 11th generation to sell family farm  
  You're welcome
      Thanks for the mentions:)
 The trends will likely be CONFIDENT at the open for the US market     (REUTERS)
 The move will be a FAVORABLE this morning at the bell     (REUTERS)
 Happy Friday!     
 Another reason why people should privatize their Facebook settings  
 Holy cow - worlds strongest beer is 60 percent alochol by volume - thats STRONG BEER  
 Former Scty of State Condy Rice plays Mozart Concerto at charity benefit - a woman of many talents  
 PureCircle and S&W Seed Company Partner to Grow Stevia Leaf in California  $SANW
  I have two sons...I would never let them out of my sight! So I don't know how someone could do that!!! :)
 Feasibly ASSURED for this mornings US stock market     (REUTERS)
 Conceivably SUBSTANTIAL for US Markets at the open     (REUTERS)
 Proactive thinking in Iraq - What a concept - 3-5 years away but a very good idea - Lets see what happens   
 Spanish region says adios to bullfighting  
 Gulf Slick Dissipates - But Where's the Oil Going? 
 Vodafone India Introduces Solar Powered Phone  
 The move will be a ELEVATED this morning at the bell     (REUTERS)
 Conceivably FORMIDABLE for US Markets at the open     (REUTERS)
 9 year old boy forgotten at Chicago airport - real life Home Alone story  
 Contact lenses top cause of medical device complications in kids - surprise - they don't clean them  
 Prepare for the trend to be CONFIDENT at the bell     (REUTERS)
 A real nightmare: Bed bugs biting all over U.S.  
 Boat made of recycled plastic arrives in Sydney after 128 days at sea  
 Full face transplant man reveals his new look on TV  
 Great article about the MYTHs of UNEMPLOYMENT - Well worth the 5 minutes to read  
 Archaeologists discover biggest rat that ever lived: Weight of over 13 lbs  
 PepsiCo spent $1.2 million lobbying gov't in 2Q  
 The US stock futures favor PUNY this morning at the bell     (REUTERS)
 FRAIL for this mornings US stock market     (REUTERS)
 Ars reviews the Motorola Droid X  
 Here are a few people worth checking out     
 The 5 worst kids' meals in America - Would never had guessed some of them  
  Thanks for the RT. I agree it is crazy:) 
 Happy Friday!     
 SEC leads charge for agent oversight but where does player responsibility enter the mix  
 In spite of hiccups iPhone sales boost ATT profit forecast  
 New henge discovered - archeologists will have a field day  
  I agree!!!
 Senate breaks GOP opposition on unemployment benefits  
 Breast Cancer drug Avastin loses FDA approval  
 Who will be Facebook's next 500 million?  
 Ford marketing 2011 Explorer via Facebook - Opts for social, online advertising over auto show unveiling  
 Pilot program to allow patients access to doctor notes - good luck deciphering the handwriting  
 Bet this was exciting....Flight diverted after 30 hurt in severe turbulence  
 Solar flare activity continues to increase....threatens everything from Satellites to PCs  
      Thanks for the mentions! Hope everyone is having a good week!
 China surpasses US and is now the worlds top energy consumer  
 Akron mailman is a real-life Superman  
 Health care reform in the works for Fido and Fluffy  
 China issues advisory warning tourists about insults, racism, forced shopping - not a fun place to vacation  
 Can pharmacists fill the impending health care shortage?  
 Will Pounceys alleged recruiting violations mean trouble for the Gators?  
 Apple CEO spreads blame all around and spawns a PR mud fight  
 Prepare for the trend to be LOWER at the bell     (REUTERS)
 This mornings futures foretell a WAVERING market at the open     (REUTERS)
 Deported Russian Spy Anna Chapman's Future in Russian Politics  
 Needle vaccinations soon to be a thing of the past  
       Thanks for the mentions-Much appreciated
 SOARING for this mornings US stock market     (REUTERS)
 Anticipate it MOVING FORWARD at the open this morning     (REUTERS)
 Hope everyone is having a good Friday! Here are some  recommendations    
 Power company informs customer that she is dead  
 Study shows mixing up the workout routine pays off  
 Old Spice hits viral marketing homerun  
 RT  You might like this. Funny song about psychic octopus. Please RT  interesting
 Some exceptional people to follow     
 12 true tales of animal survival  
 Dog locked in hot car honks repeatedly until help comes  
 This guy transformed 330 sq ft into a 24 room apt - see how he did it  
 Starting salaries for 2010 college grads drop  
 Study says it is better to be an apple than a pear  
 Heat Wave Driving U.S. Coal to 18-Month High for Analysts: Energy Markets -  
 Couple married 72 yrs conducts online blog - cute and heartwarming  
 RT  The bun-less, fried, bacon and cheeze KFC Double Down sandwich failed to increase sales - Because its fans are now dead.
 Theater seats get bigger to accommodate ahem WIDER people - give them popcorn they will come  
 1 in 5 Britons send sext message to wrong person - oops  
 Court strikes down FCC indecency policy - score 1 for the F-word  
 How online education will change the way we learn  
 Cool Facebook status update tricks  
  I know they all sound so scary!! Thanks for the RT:)
 POSITIVE for this mornings US stock market     (REUTERS)
 Florida and Ole Miss faced secondary NCAA recruiting violations by posting messages on Facebook -  
 Duct tape to the rescue for iPhones deathgrip glitch  
 POTUS and NASA admin at odds over Muslim outreach comments  
 Does Paul Ceglia's Facebook ownership lawsuit have merit? 
 Lowering BMI can reduce hot flashes  
 The market will be DECISIVE for this mornings market open     (REUTERS)
 CNN Money - Best Places to Live - looks like a love fest for the midwest  
 Five mistakes that doom a website  
 What NOT to drink on vacation  
 Historians discover King Arthurs Round table was not a table after all  
 Synthetic marijuana use is keeping poison control centers busy  
         Thanks for the 
 The market will be UNSOUND for this mornings market open     (REUTERS)
 7 tricks to quash your appetite  
 Here are my  recommendations    
 College orientation for parents - been there done that - waste of time IMO  
 Wendy's launches new salad line - Fast-food chain is also testing breakfast again across the country -  Good Idea  
 Hope everyone is having a good Friday! Here are some  recommendations    
 DEPLETED for this mornings US stock market     (REUTERS)
 The word is PUNY for this mornings US stock market     (REUTERS)
 SEX video from ISIS  - Not what you think and contains ZERO smut - Check out the article too  
 Man Charged With Holding Mom for Refusal to Iron - Really now  
 Lego enthusiast recreates MC Escher artwork  
 The market will be FRAIL for this mornings market open     (REUTERS)
 ANEMIC on the open for US stocks is likely     (REUTERS)
 CDC: Colon Cancer Screening Rates Rise While Those For Breast Cancer Plateau  
 Heat Wave Blankets Much of NorthEast U.S - Threatens Grids  
 Environmental groups accuse Exxon Mobil of thousands of Clean Air Act violations  
 Twitter launches latest monetization plan  
 Top ten twitter meltdowns - sounds like TUI to me   
 Sams Club to become a small business lender  
 Money CAN buy happiness - but not love  
