 Big blue Sr will be leaving Wells and Hubbard and heading home at 5:45!  Can you catch me!?
 Jr is headed home! Thanks everyone!
 Big blue Jr is leaving at 5:15! Hurry hurry catch big blue and get yummy cupcakes, then catch the el!
 Hello van buren and state! Big blue jr is here! Right near the steps to the el.... Come grab some cupcakes to get... 
 State and van buren coming your way with flirtini, curious George, pb&c, chocolate raspberry, lemon, mcdreamy,... 
 Junior is leaving at 4:15! Next stop van buren and state!
 Big blue Sr has landed a block north of Merch Mart on Wells and Hubbard!  Grab some cupcakes before you get stuck... 
 Quincy and Franklin it's your lucky day! Big blue jr has arrived with tons of scrumptious cupcakes. Come get some for the weekend!
 Quincy and Franklin I hope you're hungry! Big blue jr is coming your way!
 Big blue Sr is leaving Trump tower and heading to Kinzie and Wells!  This stop is for you, Merchandise Mart!
 Jr is leaving Dearborn and Monroe at 3:05 so hurry on over before im gone!
 RT  RT  Big Blue Sr has landed on Chicago at franklin!  Jump on board the cupcake line and get off a... ...
   so hard right now and oh so happy!!!
 RT   you have 4 new fans. I handled the baptism today. people are scrapping the papers and singing hallelujah lol
 Sunday Preview:
 Big blue Sr is outside of the Trump Tower on Wabash!  Come on out for your end of the week cupcakes!
 Big blue Sr will be leaving Chicago and Franklin at 2:00!  Then we're strolling on over to the Trump Tower on... 
 Nowhere to park on Clark and Monroe so big blue Jr is at Dearborn and Monroe! Just a hop skip and a jump away!
 Big Blue Sr has landed on Chicago at franklin!  Jump on board the cupcake line and get off at cupcake for some cupcakes!
    please do! We compliment any of these fine food trucks nicely!!!
 RT  Yummy rhubarb poptart from   
 Clark and Monroe on the way!
 Big Blue Sr is set up on Chicago at Franklin!  Hope off the brown line and grab some treats!
 Jr is leaving at 12:55 then off to Clark and Monroe!
 Big blue Sr will be leaving Ohio and Fairbanks at 12:45!   Then its off to Chicago and Franklin by 1:00!  Catch... 
 Saturday Preview: 2 Vans:
 Big blue Sr has landed on Ohio at Fairbanks!  It's Friday which means the weekend approaches!  Cupcakes are the... 
 Big blue jr has pulled up at state and lake! Come and get em!
   thanks just spreading the request :-)
 Be sure to check out our Adult Pop Tarts....they are getting rave reviews! We have Raspberry and Rhubarb on the... 
 Friday - twice the YUM with 2 vans!
  thank u!!! We appreciate u spreading the word  pls  stop by our friends at Loyola
      - thanks so much!! You should have a lot of energy:-)
 Friday - twice the fun with 2 vans!
 Pearson and wabash Jr blue is heading out at 4:50!hurry on over!!!
 Pearson and wabash you asked for us! You got us!!!!! Jr blue is here!!!!!  Woo hoo! Cupcake party!! Maybe I need... 
 Jr blue will be heading out at 3:45 so come and grab your cupcakes Wacker and Adams!!! Next stop Pearson and... 
   we were just there this week we will see you guys again really soon
   take us with you! :) lol
    lol looks like we have a new fan!
 Wacker Adams your cupcakes have arrived!!! Woo hoo do a happy cupcake dance and come on down!!!!
 Jr blue is on the way to Wacker and Adams see you soon!
 Jr blue will be on the move at 2:30 so Dearborn and monroe come and grab a few before I go, next stop Adams and Wacker!
   shhhh don't tell anyone else about that, that's our little secret the gas station is a front ;)
   at Dearborn and Monroe until 2:30
  we wish ...much cheaper:-)
   u bet! We have a Carrot cake and a Neapolitan!
 Jr blue is at Monroe and Dearborn!!! I still have Neapolitan and carrot left but not many! So if you want to try... 
 Clark and Monroe Jr blue is heading out at 12:45 so hurry on over!
 RT  I love the fact that I work at an office where the arrival of  merits a university wide email alert.
   we do to! Awesome!!!
   yes see you later!!!
   thanks you too!
   that's the best lunch ever!!!!
   sure do! Come on over!!!!
   thats awesome!!! Thanks for your support!
   lol we think so too
 Clark and Monroe grab your umbrellas ellas ellas eh eh eh and come and grab some cupcakes I have the carrot cake... 
 Thursday: 11:30 Clark/Monroe
   was there last week...how did we miss you? We'll be back next week....
 Thursday: 11:30 Clark/Monroe
 Printers row Jr blue will be heading out at 8:45 so hurry on over to Dearborn in between Polk and Harrison!
  email us at flirtycupcakes 
   u sure can we need 24 hours notice
 Hello there printers row! Jr blue has arrived on Dearborn in between Polk and Harrison (closer to Polk) so come... 
 Jr blue is leaving 13th and mich at 7:45 then heading to Dearborn in between Polk and Harrison!
 Jr blue is heading out at 7:45 so hurry on over 13th and Michigan!!! Net stop Harrison in between Polk and Dearborn!
   you should try the raspberry stole my heart next time it's extra yum!
   lol it's a good addiction besides you're gonna burn those calories playing volleyball! 
   sure can!
   we are at 13th and Michigan currently
 Jr blue s still hanging out at 13th and michigan so come on over and try out our new Neapolitan flavor it's yummy!!!
 I want to eat you.. P.G.C pretty good cupcakes you need some loving (tlc) tender loving care.. Repeat after me... 
 Jr is headed back to the cave real quick before the south loop tonight!
 RT  If you are in the  area and are craving some high class sweets, an agent just spotted  at ...
  You bet...don't stand us up :-)
 Big blue Jr is at lake and Michigan with your favorites and some of the new flavors left! Come on over and try some!
 Moving around the corner to Michigan and lake!
 Good afternoon lake and Stetson! Big blue Jr is here with your favorite hump day treats!
 AON center big blue is headed to a corner near you! ( lake and Stetson to be specific!)
 Ok so we got quite the last minute rush over at 801 s canal! Big blue Jr has pulled up at Clinton and van Buren... 
 Jr is leaving at 12:20 and making a pit stop (not sure exactly where yet) before heading to Clinton and van Buren... 
 801 s canal big blue Jr has arrived w some delicious hump day treats!
 Good morning Flirty fans, we will be at the following stops today!!
 Flirty fans our week of van stops has been updated!  Hope to see everyone out hungry for some cupcakes, see you this week!!
 Come to "Week Ending July 31st" Today from 9:30 pm to 12:30 am. Wednesday, July 27th
 Jr blue has sold out!!! It's been a crazy cupcake day! See you tomorrow!!!
 Jr blue is sold out!!! Thanks guys for a wonderful cupcake day!!!! See you tomorrow!!!
 Stetson and Randolph Jr blue has arrived so come and grab your cupcake for the commute home and hurry they are almost gone!!!
   we were there at 3:30
   lol we play nice 
 Wednesday Preview: Rest of the schedule will be posted later today! Spread the word!!
 State and lake Jr blue is heading out at 4:10!!!! Next stop lake and Randolph!!!!
 Hello state and lake j blue has arrived so come on over and grab some cupcakes before they're all gone!!!
 Jr blue is headed to state and lake!!! These cupcakes are going fast!!!
 Hello Randolph and Franklin it blue has arrived so come on over!!!!
 Wacker and Monroe Jr blue is leaving at 2:15 so hurry in over! Next stop Randolph and franklin
 Wacker and Monroe come on over and get your cupcake fix!!! You wanted carrot cake so you got it! We also have the... 
 Quincy and franklin Jr blue is heading out at 12:50 so hurry on over!
 Wednesday Preview: Rest of the schedule will be posted later today! Spread the word!!
 RT  Passed two other sweets trucks (cupcakes/cookies) on the same block to get to the  truck. I know where the  ...
   exactly spread the word! And thanks for stopping by!
 Quincy and Franklin aren't you guys a lucky bunch!!! You get to be the first ones to try out our new Neapolitan... 
 Carrot Cake....yummy, yummy in your tummy! 
 Tuesday - After a day of rest, we'll be back out feeding the parking meters at the following spots: With 2 New... 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 Tuesday - After a day of rest, we'll be back out feeding the parking meters at the following spots:
 Tuesday - After a day of rest, we'll be back out feeding the parking meters at the following spots: Psst...we'll... 
     whoops I meant Friday...Friday Loyola where?
    your way Thursday! What's the best interesection??? Thanks 
 Tuesday - After a day of rest, we'll be back out feeding the parking meters at the following spots: Psst...we'll... 
   thanks!!
   for stopping by the van!!
  thank you!!! 
 RT  Even with Georgetown Cupcakes and Sprinkles in DC, I still miss  Good thing I'll be home soon!
 By bye Schaumburg! Big blue is headed home. Thanks everyone for coming out today!
 Big blue Sr is in Schaumburg by thetrain station. We are in the back of the lot near the flyers stadium! Come on over!
 Schaumburg headed your way! See you soon!
 Big blue is going to hang out on the corner of vail and dunton in Arlington heights till 1:30. Schaumburg...we... 
 Big blue Sr has arrived in Arlington heights by the train station. We are on the corner or vail and dunton near the jewel!
 Big blue is in the vicinity Arlington heights! Sooo close aren't you excited?
 Good Morning Sunday:
 Jr blue is at the cupcake cave, see you again tomorrow!
 Sr is heading home!
 Hey 13th and michigan Jr blue is heading it at 6pm so hurry on over!!!!
 Sunday:
   you can always count on good ol' curious george!!
   yes we are - by 6 corners intersection by Luluman
 Finally!!! Jr blue has arrived at 13th and michigan!!! Come on over folks!!!
 Ok big blue sr is on damen just before the crazy 6 corners intersection! Near Lullulemon athletics.
 Ok sr is looking for a better spot on damen north Milwaukee area! Hang tight!
 Big blue sr is at north and damen near the bank of America! Cone on over and grab your favorite cupcakes!
 Stuck in traffics south loopers be at 13th and mich in 15 mins
 Wrecker and central Jr blue is leaving at 4:05 then heading to michigan and 13th
 Damen/north/milwUkee area onthe way!
 Damen/north/Milwaukee area see you guys soon! On threat!
 Sr is at Clark and morse right on the edge of the festival (behind the stage). Come check it out and grab some cupcakes!
 Got wind of a festival on Clark near morse?! Big blue sr is gonna head up that way and check it out!
 Helllllllooo midway!!! Jr blue has arrived at archer/central in the cricket\shop and save parking lot! Come one... 
  funny...that's were we are 
 Sunday:
   cupcake time is the best time!
   would love to but we have scheduled stops to make, hope to c u curbside soon!
   ohio&mich, closes we are getting today, leaving at 2:10
 Andersonville! Big blue sr is here in front of 5044 Clark! (Clark and winnemac) come one, come all, it's cupcake time!!!!
   if there's anymore upcoming events let us know & maybe we can drop by!
   let us know next time a few weeks in advance ;)
 Jr blue Is leaving michigan and Ohio at 2:10 then heading over to archer/central so midway get your stomachs ready!!!!
 Such an adorable pint size cupcake lover, the frosting on the no plain Jane was gone before he left the truck! 
 5044 n Clark sr is on it's way!
 Lincoln and Wilson surprise! Big blue sr has come by for a quick visit! Hurry on over!
 Sr is running over to Lincoln and Wilson for a quick stop!
 Jr blue is on Ohio and Michigan near The Gap so come on over for some shopping and cupcakes!!!! Perfect combo!
 Lincoln and foster! Finally here yay! Come on over for some fabulous cupcakes! (on Lincoln near the walgreens)
 It seems like every stoplight is out so we have been creeping along.... Were close! See you closer to 12:15. Hang tight!
 Jr blue is in the move!! No boat racing in China town :(
 Foster and Lincoln see you soon!
 Saturday: Seeing Double Blue....It's 2 vans!
   welcome! thanks for the invite!!
 RT  Big thanks to  for joining us in AH for Movies in the Park! Best cupcake truck in Chicago!!
  now we're sad 
 Saturday: Seeing Double Blue....It's 2 vans!
 Thanks Arlington heights! Enjoy the rest of the movie, wish we could stay but big blue needs some beauty rest!
 Movie is about to start! Come on out! 500 e miner St in Arlington heights! 
 Looking for something to do tonight? Come join us in Arlington heights at 500 e miner St for movie night! Big blue Jr is here!
 Leaving Kinzie and wells at 5:15 bury over!
 FRIDAY NIGHT IS MOVIE NIGHT IN ARLINGTON HEIGHTS
 have to - twitter only gives 140 characters....we gotta lot of stops, well over 140 characters worth...lol
 Hy Kinzie and wells Jr blue has arrived so come on over and grab some cupcakes for your commute home!!!!
   perfect combo!
 State and lake Jr blue is heading out at 4:15 then off to Kinzie and wells for all you Merch mart flirty lovers
 State and lake come on downnnnnn Jr blue has arrived and is ready to serve you up some delicious it's the weekend treats!
 Hey Dearborn and Monroe Jr blue will be leaving at 2:45 so hurry on over!!! Next stop state and lake!
  congrats on Best Of Chicago Food Truck! glad TO be ur neighbors 
  congrats on Best Of Chicago Food Truck! glad go be ur neighbors 
   only way to make it better.... dinner and dessert as well :-) 
  Posted to FB or website flirtycupcakes.com  Sat -LIncoln Square, Andersonville, Wicker Park/Bucktown/ 13th Michigan et
 Saturday: Seeing Double Blue....It's 2 vans!
 Dearborn and Monroe j blue is here a tad bit early so come on over!!!! Friday is a day for a flirtini!
 Aon center Jr blue is heading it at 12:50 then making a quick stop before we hit Dearborn and Monroe, let you know where I park shortly!
   glad u enjoyed! See u curbside again soon!
   happy birthday!!! We are at lake and Stetson until 12:50 then dearborn and Monroe at 1:30
   parking :( any suggestions?
   you can have it!
   u lost your card!!!! *faints* oh nooooo
   let me guess...vanilla
 AON center what better way to brighten up this wet day other then with cupcakes!!!  blue jr. is here at lake and... 
 Rain, rain go away!
 Aon on our way... See u at Lake and Stetson
 Let us know if you notice anything bigger today......and we don't mean our bottoms! 
 Good Golly Miss Molly It's Friday:
 Good Golly Miss Molly It's Friday:
 Big Blue Jr. is heading home... See everyone tomorrow!!
 Jr. will be at Harrison/Paulina until 4:20... come and get'em
 Sr. making another quick stop at Madison/Loomis unitl 4:15!
  oh gosh did u find us???
  we have 2 trucks out today, which "there" just pulled up Paulina and Harrison
 Big Blue Jr. just pulled up curb side to Harrison/Paulina by the bookstore.  Hope to see you there!
 Big Blue Sr will be making a short stop at Washington/Aberdeen until 3:40 then heading to the 911 center!!
 Big Blue Sr.'s cute little pit stop is about to come to an end... she will be pulling out at 3:10!
 Blue Jr. heading out of Hyde Park and on it's way to Rush - Harrison/Paulina... get on down here and buy some cupcakes!!
 Big Blue Sr... thought it would be cute to make a little pit stop at Clinton/Van Buren!!
     we can b flexible we could create lunch party w/ a food truck & dessert truck let me know
     we can b flexible w/ ur schedule...
  hopefully next week we'll be there...just answering a bunch of tweets asking us if we r coming....we r coming as customers :-)
  ...lol  - I know we are bummed...
 Sr. will be moving on from Adams/Clinton at 2:15....see you all at the next stop!
 Jr. is at 57th and Ellis.. it's time for indulgence!
 Big Blue Sr. is at Clinton/Adams and our delightful Nicole is ready to serve you some delicious and down right... 
 Big Blue Jr. is heading out and moving all the way around the corner to 57th at 1:10.. see you there!
 Big Blue Sr. is leaving Jefferson/Lake at 1pm.. hurry!!
 Come see Big Blue Sr. at Lake/Jefferson!!
 Blue Jr. Has arrived at Drexel Between 57th/58th Hospital.. Come on down!
 Blue is running a little behind, will be at Hyde Park around 11:45.. Hope to see you there!!
  awesome! I will fm u
  bummer  will not be  this wk. We had to give up our spot for someone else.boo hoo we r sad
      we want to visit can we park??? 
 Thursday: Looking forward to seeing everyone curbside 
     we will follow u :-)
 We will be squealing our tires outta here at 9:15 - thanks for braving the heat!
 Thursday: 
 Blue has arrived! You can find deliciousness at Dearborn in between Polk and Harrison!!  Come and get it!!
 Blue will be leaving Michigan/13th at 8pm... but never fear.. you will be able to find me parked and ready to sell... 
   thanks for stopping by!!!!
   will keep u in mind :)
   ah yes we haven't been overthrew in wire sometime! Keep an eye on our schedule!
   we do come to skokie keep an eye on our schedule hopefully we will be near u soon
   any parking suggestions?
 I have arrived 13th/Michigan...Please come and enjoy!!
   it has been awhile you are right...how about next week??
 South Loop & Printers Row..We r stocked and loaded and will c u at 13th & Michigan at 6:30 and Printers Row at... 
 Heading back to the cave... see everyone tomorrow!!  Good Night Flirty Fans and thanks for all your support, it never gets old!!
 Ahhhhh...remember the days, cold, freezing...ice ...... 
 Cupcake LOVERS unite and run to 600 W. Fulton... Your'e sweet tooth fairy has arrived... Big Blue is waiting!!
 600 W. Fulton...we are here...come on down!
 Big Blue is headed to 600 W Fulton... I know there are some people out there that can't resist us... see you soon!!
 Clark/Monroe... We are on Dearborn between Adams/Monroe.  Orange cones are everywhere at Clark/Monroe.. So no parking for Flirty.
 We have pulled curbside on Wacker between Adams and Monroe
 Monroe & Wacker looking for a spot.....hold tight
 Arlington Heights coming your way twice this weekend!
 Thanks for a great day and night...now on to Wednesday...
 Thanks for a great day and night...now on to Wednesday...
  the baby of the family, we added a 2nd van & although its larger than the 1st..it  has to be a JR....Big Blue Sr & Big Blue Jr
   - thanks for making it out!!! We love adopting new followers!!! thank you, danka,, gracious, u get the point
 Stetson and lake big blue Sr is heading out at 5:10 but if you're still jonesing for a cupcake go check out Jr... 
 Big Blue Jr has arrived at CB2...dinner, dessert, great dinnerware? All in one place!!!  Halstead/clybourn in the CB2 lot
 Randolph and Stetson come on over and grab a cupcake for your commute home, big blue has arrived!!!
 State and lake big blue Sr sill be leaving at 4:15 and heading to Randolph and Stetson!!! Hurry on over!!!!
   tomorrow at 6:30 13th and Michigan
 Big Blue JR is on its way to North/clybourn in the CB2 lot... U can grab dinner, cupcakes and then go sit in CB2... 
 CB2 here we come! Corner of North/halsted in the CB2 lot see u around 4:15
 State and lake come on over come on down or up whichever way gets you here!!!! Big blue Sr has arrived someone sound the trumpets!!!!
 Wednesday - Cupcakes to the rescue! It's one jam packed day! 
    going postal! Cupcakes to the rescue
 Franklin and Randolph big blue will be hanging curbside until 3:15 ten off to state and lake! Will be there at about 3:30ish
  also someone told us to pop it in microwave for 10 sec...tried it and nearly saw the pearly gates 
   we agree!!!!
   thank you! You should try the rhubarb it's quite amazing also!
   sweet see u at 3!
 Randolph and Franklin big blue Sr has pulled curbside with all your yummy favorites so come on over and grab a few!!!
 Wacker and Monroe big blue is leaving at 2:15 and heading to Franklin and Randolph will be there about 2:30ish
 Wacker and Monroe big blue has landed on Wacker in between Monroe and adams so come on over and grab your lunch dessert!!!
   Wow thanks, and we r not even paying u... Lol
 To all our Flirty fans wanting to know where we will be..... You can see our schedule here on FB and our website... 
 Hey Franklin and Quincy big blue is leaving at 1:10 so hurry on over!!! Next stop Wacker and Monroe!
 RT   Tuesday in  lineup for tonight     <cont&g ...
 RT   According to the stats on , you're the most active food truck in the city! Keep  ...
   thx!
 Quincy and Franklin!!! How are you guys holding up in this heat? Need a cupcake don't you? That's why big blue Sr... 
 Come to "Week Ending July 24th" Today from 3:00 pm to 6:00 pm. Wednesday, July 20th
 Tuesday: Good Morning 
    - thanks for stopping by!
 Tuesday:
 Join us at Randolph and Morgan    iced coffee, and cupcakes!!
 We are curbside at laColombe Randolph and Morgan... Come and get em....coffee, cupcakes, and Gaztrowagon!
 RT  Join us tonight! RT   food truck launch w/     ...
 RT  Ready for  and  to park their trucks out front tonight. Have free iced coffee for first  ...
 Tuesday Night...Meet us curbside in the  CB2 lot for the Food Truck Summit! Corner of Halsted and North Ave!... 
 RT  Add to calendar 7/23 Chicago Dragon Boat Race: showcasing     ...
 Tuesday:
 Join Us &  Tonight:
 Join Us & GaztroWagonTonight For The:
 RT   if your here another couple of days you should hunt down  So yummy!
   for this wk  hasn't been posted, I think you are looking at last weeks! We change it every Mon PM
 Goodnight everyone! Thanks for coming out on this hot hot day and waiting in lines and not complaining either! You guy are awesome!
 Wabash and Ohio come and get em!
 Back in the city just looking to park!
 I'm coming I'm coming! Big blue needs a police escort on the shoulder maybe? Lol 
 Phew! Beverly was serious about cupcakes! Sr is headed back to the city! Well keep ya posted!
 Big blue Sr has landed in Beverly! In the old borders parking lot on 95th and western! Come one,  come all!
 Beverly! One the way with cupcakes a plenty! Meet me at 95th and western in the old borders parking lot!
 RT   I had a lemon chiffon cupcake from  on Thursday. OMFG, it was good.
  with the police officers buying lots of cupcakes :-)
   we will be downtown around 4....stay tuned for parking location
 Hangin out in the toys r us parking lot till 1:30! Then off to Beverly! (95th and western)
 Sunday funday! Big blue Jr has landed at 75th and Lemont in the lot near the toys r us. Come on over for your Sunday dessert!
 SUN;
 At 35h and Michigan, big blue Sr will be here till 6:55
 Jr is headed home!
 Police officers need cupcake love too so big blue sr is making a special stop at 35th and michigan!!!!
 Jr is leaving at 6:30! Hurry hurry hurry!
 Big blue will be leaving 13th and Michigan at 6:05 then guess what?there will be one more stop!!!!
 Bigblue Kris at pitchfork! On lake andashland a quick visit!
 Big blue Sr is at 13th and Michigan so come on over for some cupcakes before we retire to he cupcake cave.... 
 PitchFork "ers" Big Blue stopping by for a quick stop on way back to kitchen keep ur eyes open for the Big Blue Cupcake van 
 Big blue Sr is leaving state an lake at 5:35 them heading to michigan an 13th!!!
 Big blue Jr is leaving state an lake at 5:35 them off to 13th and michigan!!!
 SUN;
 State and lake big blue is here for a quick stop!!! Then off to 13h and Michigan!!!!
   parking suggestions?
 Big blue jr has pulled up at north and damen right by the bank of America. Right on the corner! Come one, come... 
 Downtown Chicago who wants cupcakes!?!!??! I'm listening
 Damen/north/milwakee big blue is headed for you! I'll update ya when i find parking!
 Evanston big blue is heading out at 4pm so hurry on over!!!!
 Evanston the eagle has landed!!! I mean big blue has arrived!! We are at the corner of Sherman and church!!!
 Big blue is Looking parking Evanston!!!
   great!
   we are working on that any suggestions for parking?
 SUN;
 Lincoln and Wilson is your sweet tooth acting up again? We've got just what you need.....cupcakes! Come on over there's plenty to go around!
 Lincoln square on the way with a whole lotta cupcakes!
 Glenview big blue Sr is heading out at 1:20 so hurry on over!!! Next stop Evanston!!!
 Glenview what a turnout! They like their cupcakes 16 at a time here! They're cupcake rock stars!!!!! 
 Jr Is leaving andersonville at 1:10 then off to Lincoln square!
 What's shakin Andersonville??? Big blue is on Clark and Farragut with some delicious treats! Come on over and join the party!
 Helllooo Glenview big blue has arrived at 1010 Waukegan rd so come on over and try out our yummy specials along... 
 Andersonville big blue jr is headed your way! See you closer to 11:45ish!
 Saturday ....
 Saturday Preview....
 Last call for cupcakes!!! Jr blue will be leaving north/damen/Milwaukee corner at 8:45 so hurry hurry hurry!!!!
 Last call for cupcakes!!!! jr. Blue will be heading out at 8:45!!!!
 Jr. Blue is still hanging out in wicker park at the corner of north/damen/Milwaukee near bank of America! Come... 
   we are working on that, stay tuned :)
   perfect combination!
   you're welcome!
 Wicker Park!!!!!! are you ready for some cupcakes??? Jr Blue is at the corner of north/damen/Milwaukee near bank... 
 It's been fun! Sr is heading home!
 Downers Grove heading your way Sunday 75th/lemont more details to come! Noon!
 Heads up Clinton and Adams jr blue is leaving at 5:15!!!!!!
 Clinton and Adams come on over and grab the best start to a great weekend! Jr. Blue is here with Your cupcakes!!!... 
 Look at those little bits of Coconut heaven. Yum! Come grab one from big blue! Come grab one (at Jefferson and... 
 Jefferson and lake big blue Sr is here with your treats for the weekend! Come one, come all!
 Dearborn and Monroe there's no parking, so come on over Clark and Monroe here until 4:15 so hurry on over and... 
 Jefferson and lake on the way!
 Sr is leavin at 3:35!
  the closet we(big blue Sr) are right mow is at 825 w Jackson then headed over to Jefferson and lake at 4!
  any good parking suggestions?
   not today :(
 Jr blue will be leaving Clark and Monroe and swinging around the corner to dearborn and Monroe at 3:20
 Joliet....any suggestions for parking...we have to pick a new spot, our usual spot is not available any... 
 Hey there 825 w jackson! Big blue Sr has landed on Jackson in between Peoria and green. Just a hop skip and a jump away so come on over!
 Jr blue is at Clark and Monroe come onnnnnnn down!!!
 Jr is making a quick stop at Clark and Monroe!!! So come on over!!!
 825 w Jackson headed your way!
  ahhh we did not know that...:-)
    - ahhh thanks! u r the best follower :-)
  did you find one of the 2 vans???? We love when Tx girls visit Big Blue....(aka the vans)
    Happy bday, congrats on baby more importantly what did u buy  Nordstroms
 Cupcake countdown! Sr is leaving at 2:40!
 RT  More on Monday night's  food truck launch party with   in  htt ...
 RT  I may be 6mo preggo & have no business buying  from   & a  Happy 30t ...
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 Jr blue is still hanging out at Franklin and chicago outside of the pearl art store so hurry on over before I head... 
   like our fb page to see our entire schedule! Hopefully we are close enough for you to try us out!!!!
   yes you do!!! Have a happy birthday!!!!
 What's big and blue and tastes like heaven? Big blue carrying flirty cupcakes! We have arrived t van Buren and Clinton!
 Clinton ad van Buren on the way!
 Chicago and Franklin Jr. Blue is here!!! Aren't you excited? I know you are because I have all these delicious... 
 Big blue Sr has pulled up at Adams and Clinton for a quick visit! Hurry on over!
 Sr is making a pit stop around Adams and Clinton. I'll update once I fond a spot!
 Sr blue is still hangin out by 80 s canal. Come on over on your lunch break!
    sure do!
 RT  We're giving away 8 pairs of tickets to  Monday night, joined by   &  ...
  might pass each other at a light today :-) We're not at Lake/Clinton...have fun, its a good stop!
 T.G.I.C.F! Thank goodness it's cupcake Friday! Big blue Sr has pulled up in front of 801 s canal with your favorite lunchtime treats!
 Saturday Preview....
 Friday: 2 Vans
      had a blast! thanks for stopping by Big Blue!
  :-) 
       can't wait!!!
 Friday: 2 Vans
 What an amazing day! Thank you, thank you & thank you! Ended the night at Ethyls 324 S. Racine w/ a bunch of... 
 Sr blue is leaving at 6:20!
 That's right junior was on the corner of Michigan and Ohio just a few minutes ago, but with the blink of an... 
   a stalker will go to extremes to do whatever it takes if I do a drive by then I'm the stalker? :-)
 Michigan and Ohio Jr blue is here for a quick stop! Come on over!!!
    yes, yes you should!! thx for spreading the word
   awesome!!!!!
 RT  Looking for someone to pick up a  cupcake.  Come on...help fill that sweet tooth! 
 Kinzie and wells Jr blue will be heading out at 4:25!!! Hurry on over!!!! Now where to for a quick stop?
 Sr has landed on wabash and Ontario! Its cupcake time!
 Kinzie and wells aka merch mart bring your appetites and your wallets because Jr blue has arrived with yummy cupcakes and adult pop tarts!!!
 Big blue sr is on Erie in between state and wabash. Put on your walking shoes and come on over! All flavors still left!
   anybody answer your cupcake call?
   glad u enjoyed hope to see you curbside again soon!
 101 e Erie big blue sr is on the way!
 Trump towers Jr blue will be leaving at 3pm so hurry on over!!! Next stop Kinzie and wells! Get your stomachs ready for some cupcake loving!
 Hello there tump tower Jr blue has arrived on wabash near upper Hubbard with all of your favorite cupcakes! Hurry... 
 Big blue sr is leaving grand and Fairbanks-ish at 2:40 then off to 101 e Erie!
 Jr blue will be leaving 35 w Wacker at 2:15 and heading to trump towers!!!! Hope you guys are ready for cupcakes over there!!!!
