  testing...
 Shoot the Breeze with 3 Degrees - 3 great bands tonight.  RSVP if you want in FREE - 
 Unfortunately we are closing this year.   It's been a good one, but leases and all.... Have a great 2011
 Best wishes and much joy to you on this Christmas Eve!
 RT  HOW TO: Get the Most Out of a Coworking Space - 
 RT  Join  &  at  for International Open Data Hackathon. They'll be there all day. Drop by!
 Come by Saturday for International Open Data Hackathon Day! 10-6 
 RT  うみちかせんせー
 Looking to host a fun or geeky holiday party for your company or meetup group? Let's chat!
 We're opening our doors today to let everyone come in and work/collaborate on projects. Bring you laptop & come by anytime after 2!
 Gonna get our work on tonight with  and  Pizza+tequila+work=WIN! 
 RT   over at  knows how to throw a party! A real asset to the ATX scene, he is.
 Some of our members are throwing a shin-dig tonight! Can't wait to share the photos with you.
 Getting ready for Girls Hack night! Cupcakes and Beer. Perfect. 
 Someone brought cupcakes to the office today.  : )
 Today at 5:30:  Next Generation Search w/Ricardo Baeza-Yates, VP Research Yahoo! Feel free to come work til then. 
  When will you be here?
 Looking to get out of a coffee shop or home to work? Come by Thursday and enjoy our space 1-5. We'll bring cookies.
  Awesome! Thanks.
  We've got room for about 15 pieces to hang & some spaces for settting pieces up for a "party"/opening & to lend our walls.
  Does that person live in Austin?
 Looking for an artist with a large array of art for a month long gallery held here. Do you know anyone?
 Great event last night. I think over 30 ladies turned up to hack!
 Fixed the plancast issue. Someone's account was linked to ours. Apparently you can revoke access.
  Thanks! Didn't know you could do that.
  the poet experience at zu coffee, with David Beaudoin and Elizabeth Hazen... Fri, Sep 24, 2010, 6:30-8:30pm 
  fun. Live in Austin, TX (Stubb's BBQ ) Thu, Nov 4, 2010, 9-11:00pm 
  El Tule | Jai Roots | special guest (Ruta Maya) Nov 6-7, 2010, 8pm-2:00am 
  360|iDev Austin (Marriott Austin South. Austin TX) Nov 7-10, 2010 
  O'Reilly author Josh Clark at 360|iDev: "Mobile Design is Industrial Design"... Tue, Nov 9, 2010 
  360|iDev Fall 2010 - Austin TX (Marriott Austin South) Nov 7-10, 2010 
  South By Southwest 2011 (Austin, TX) Mar 11-15, 2011 
  SXSW (Austin, TX) Mar 11-20, 2011 
  OFFICIAL SXSW Reverse VC Pitch (Entrepreneurs ONLY) (Austin Convention Center Department) Mar 11-17, 2011 
  South by Southwest (Austin, TX) Mar 16-20, 2011 
  SVB SXSW Party (Austin, TX) Mon, Mar 14, 2011, 7-10:00pm 
  Spring PubCon Austin 2011 (Austin, TX) Mar 8-10, 2011 
  O'Reilly author Lesa Snider at Capitol Mac User Group (Sherlock's Baker Street Pub) Tue, Nov 9, 2010 
  Austin Young Professional Council - Political Costume Party (Dogwood) Tue, Oct 26, 2010, 7:30-10:30pm 
  MCN 2010 | I/O: The Museum Inside-Out/Outside-In (Sheraton Austin, Texas) Oct 27-30, 2010 
  David Wilcox  CACTUS CAFE (CACTUS CAFE) Thu, Oct 21, 2010, 8-10:00pm 
  Dangerous Women! (ND) Tue, Oct 19, 2010, 8-11:00pm 
  Sweet Ritual Party & Kickstarter! (Sweet Ritual Temporary Headquarters) Oct 16-17, 2010, 8pm-12:30am 
  ***SANTANARAMA 2010*** (Maria Maria La Cantina) Oct 16-17, 2010, 10pm-1:30am 
  Get Ready for SpiceWorld Shindig (412 N Congress Ave) Wed, Oct 20, 2010, 7-9:00pm 
  SpiceWorld IT Conference 2010 (Austin, TX) Oct 21-22, 2010 
  ACL AfterParty (Duck9, Austin tx) Sat, Oct 9, 2010, 11:00pm 
  Austin, TX - Slightly Stoopid  Austin City Limits (Zilker Park) Fri, Oct 8, 2010, 12pm-11:00pm 
  Austin City Limits Music Festival (Zilker Park, Austin, TX) Oct 8-10, 2010 
  ACL Festival (Zilker Park Austin, TX) Oct 8-10, 2010 
  The Small Business Advantage - FREE (ND Theater) Mon, Sep 27, 2010, 5-7:00pm 
   happy hour (Luster Pearl) Mon, Sep 27, 2010 
 Sorry about all the  tweets. Someone's account is sending plancast plans in. We've changed the password.
 Dropping by for a visit?  Enjoy the fresh baked banana nut bread today.
 Thank you! RT   &  thanks for letting me hang out this evening and help a few folks with their blogs.
 Do ya blog? Do ya wanna?  will be showering us with his Wordpress/Blog wisdom at  from 6-8. 
 RT  Don't forget if you need blog help I will be at  tomorrow night ( 22nd ) from 6-8pm. 
  Flooding the tubes? Whatever do you mean?
  Hadoop World 2010 (Hilton New York Hotel) Tue, Oct 12, 2010, 8am-8:00pm 
  Rally to Restore Sanity (Washington, DC) Sat, Oct 30, 2010, 8am-5:00pm 
  OneWebDay 2010 (Global Internet Celebration & Network Awareness Day) Wed, Sep 22, 2010 
  World Poverty Day - One Million Faces Against Malaria - Project Blackout... Oct 17-22, 2010 
  Social Media University 2010: The Conference For Social Media Professionals... Nov 10-12, 2010 
  Election Day 2010, November 2nd (U.S. Capitol Building) Tue, Nov 2, 2010, 12:05am-11:55pm 
  Be The Change 2010 - Austin... Sat, Oct 2, 2010, 8am-2:00pm 
  Greenling.com presents! our Best of Austin Bash! (Hummingbird House) Thu, Sep 30, 2010, 6-9:00pm 
  Housewarming Party/ Mark's Birthday Party!! (Our new Place) Sep 25-26, 2010, 7pm-2:00am 
  September 2010 Social Media Club Austin Meeting (BazaarVoice World Headquarters) Tue, Sep 21, 2010, 6-8:00pm 
  September Social Media Club Austin Meeting (Bazaarvoice) Tue, Sep 21, 2010, 6-8:00pm 
  Small Talks - Gowalla (Gowalla Office) Thu, Oct 21, 2010, 6-8:00pm 
  Wall Street 2: Money Never Sleeps (Theaters near you) Fri, Sep 24, 2010 
  The Singularity (All of Earth and Probably the Moon) Thu, Jul 17, 2014, 9:20am-12:20pm 
  SXSW Interactive (Austin, TX) Mar 11-15, 2011 
  Austin City Limits  (Zilker Park, austin tx) Oct 8-10, 2010 
  Open Coffee Austin (Jo's Coffee Downtown) Wed, Oct 6, 2010, 7:30-9:30am 
  The Social Network (The Facebook Movie) (Movie Theaters Everywhere) Fri, Oct 1, 2010 
  Wine & Web with Gary Vaynerchuk - Episode  on Sirius XM... Thu, Sep 23, 2010, 10:00pm 
 Pictures and interviews from the   event held here on Wednesday night. 
 RT  It's Thursday! That means I'll be  w/  at 2pm to show you my  if you're so inclined. :)
 Glad we could help host such a great event last night. Thanks everyone for coming out!  
 RT  Tonight!   event   Great panel + free  
 Free home made chocolate chip cookies in the kitchen.  Enjoy.
 RT  Austin  Event | tomorrow   free drinks from  
 RT  Next Austin  Event | tomorrow   free drinks from  
 RT  ATX Bloggers! Sept 22 I'll be at  6-8pm providing free blog support. Check out the details:  
  Austin Tech Happy Hour (Molotov Lounge) Thu, Sep 9, 2010, 5:30pm 
 Having our weekly jelly today! If you come by you can also get to meet the artist  who decorated our walls.
 A VC's take on coworking. 
 RT  Starting today at 2pm, I'm doing weekly tours of my  show at  downtown. :) 
 Lemon Bars in the kitchen here if you drop by.  Have one before they are gone.
 Lol. : ( RT   I'll be there as soon as the cube farm clock strikes escape o'clock !
 Whoopsie, forgot the times. 1-5 today.
 Working from home or a coffee shop today? Come by and join     & others for our jelly!
 Great Hack-a-thon for Cassandra yesterday.
 Tomorrow we will be having a jelly. If you work from home/coffee shop come by.
  I don't think we currently are, but we can. Tell me more.
 Fresh home-baked mint-chocolate brownies  are waiting for your visit.
  Awesome! See ya soon.
 Pretty sure today's jelly is going to be kinda awesome. Join us from 1-5.
 We are having a jelly tomorrow so come grab yourself some coffee & let's work together! 
 RT  RT  Learning about  coworking communities!     
 At the entrepreneur scene meeting discussing coworking with    
 RT  Great meeting  at the  -  now has some rly awesome art decor // Thanks for coming!
 We have some lovely art on our ways by the fabulous  If you want to stop by and take a peek you can. Pics soon!
 Woohoo. First help an artist night is underway. Art+Beer=Win! 
 RT  There is an art gallery to show off work of  tonight...and there will be free beer. 
 Thanks! RT  Photo: Not a bad little space, clean and quiet got for getting stuff done  — at Cowork Austin 
 Another event to add to your busy week. Help An Artist Night! 
 I know everyone is busy this week, but ya still gotta work (fortunately or unfortunately?). Stop by for our jelly Thursday.
 Whoopsie, forgot to include who we were in last post. Guess you wouldn't know since we changed the handle. Formerly Texas Coworking.
 We have changed our name and have a new site!!! Take a peek. 
 Finally got the invite up for "Help a Local Artist Night!" happening next Sunday. RSVP here: 
 We are planning a little happy hour party over here for Sunday the 22nd. Save the date!
  Thanks for the retweet!!!
 RT  Muchos  panels proposed for SXSWi.  The world is listenting.  Make em count. 
  Awesome. See you there!
 Working from home/coffee shop tomorrow? Come on over to our weekly jelly 1-5. Bring ur laptop/work & we'll have coffee & snacks waiting.
 It's kinda quiet over here today. Must mean everyone is working really really hard. 
 Working out of the house/coffee shop today? We're starting up Thur jellys again. Bring whatever you need to work, we'll have coffee waiting.
  can you DM us?
 Tomorrow 1-5 we are having a jelly. Come by for some free muffins and other tasty treats!
 Happening here tonight! RT   Austin UPA talk tonight - Web Accessibility: Compliance or Universal Design? 
  Open Coffee Austin (Jo's Coffee Downtown) Wed, Aug 4, 2010, 7:30-9:30am 
 Hey  We will be starting Jelly Thursdays again here. You bring your body and whatever you need to work, & we will bring the donuts.
 We are having our first community member hour tonight!
  Do you think there should be one? There is  that happens on Tues nights, but I think it's mostly devs.
 Another great event happening here right now. Thanks  for throwing the  here today!
 Looking for a space for an event? Let us know how we can help you!
  I can't DM you back. : (
 RT  Know an Austin entrepreneur? Talking collaboration 2 gro revenues   event  
 Monday, 26th July for the Biznik event...
 This coming Monday - Biznik is sponsoring a free network seminar (9 spots left) 
 VIDEO: Springnet 310 - Republic Tequila at Texas Coworking 
 You guys ready for some tequila!!! Community happy hour sponsored by the local  
 : ( RT   - Bummed I have to miss Tequila-Night  tonight. I'll have to come see you guys next week.
 RT  Put some more knowledge in the 'ol noggin today! Tequila Lesson Happy Hour with  
 RT  Be sure to RSVP for our Tequila Lesson Happy Hour tomorrow  
 Don't forget to RSVP for our happy hour tomorrow.  Tequila drinks and tastings from 
 RT  Looking forward to the HH  on Wed. Any tequila ?s you want to make sure we answer? 
 Hold your event at TC like Julie did: "The ROI of UX: Proving the Value of User Experience Design" on Austin UPA: 
 RT  posted new calendar of events in left sidebar at    
 Wednesday night happy hour and tequila tasting by   !!!
 RT  Only the finest coworking offices in Austin have pajama drawers: RT  I found a (cont) 
 I found a name tag in my pajama drawer. Haha. Oh dear.
 Community Happy Hour next Wednesday. You can see the deets & RSVP here: . Thanks 
 We are having a community happy hour next Thursday. Deets coming soon. Save the date!!!
 World Cup Soccer - USA vs. Slovina   Starts at 9am through 11am.  Drop by and check it out.
   Thanks for the retweets!!!
   Thanks guys for the re-tweets!!!
 Coworking is about building a synergy that can happen from working with talented people in the same space.
  You are always welcome to come by. We are having a happy hour next week. Will announce it on fb here- 
  Anytime before 5. Let us know and we will make sure someone is here to show you around.
  We have offices you can duck into, but nothing reserved. In the process of possibly providing that as an option w/more space.
 Are you a freelancer, work from home, entrepreneur, or small start-up company? How can we help you with your office needs 
  Since very few of our coworkers actually work together on project's, not sure if a virtual community is necessary.
 We are interested in hosting more meet-ups and gatherings in our space. If you are interested let's talk!!! Conference room as well.
  Thanks!!!
 To hear about our upcoming events fan us on facebook. 
 Awesome to be mentioned in this article about Coworking. 
  Interesting. I take this as a success!!!
 Check out a behind the scenes take shot by  at Texas Coworking 
 We are hosting a party tonight at Texas Coworking. 
 RT  I kissed the ground upon arriving in Austin. To be completely honest, it needed more BBQ sauce.
  says it was Home Slice. cc: 
  I am not 100% sure.  do you know the pizza place you got the pizza from for after  party?
 This morning is the busiest we've ever been at Texas Coworking, actvity galore and nonstop all morning. ptw
 The post  conference party/hacker night sponsored by  is in full swing over here. Beer+pizza+hacking+java talk!
 Saturday Night JavaScript hack night and party at TexasCoworking,200 E Sixth St, Austin, 78701 sponsored by ... 
  Thanks and Yay back at you!
 Lots going on today over here. Another read-through for a movie & the Extreme Make-Over Homeless Coach kick off- 
 There is a read through for a movie happening in our conference room right now. Kinda exciting!
 If you are unfamiliar with coworking, check out this wikipedia article .
 RT  I'm at  working on the trailer for Quick Draw.  &  just got a sneak peek.
 We have the coffee & donuts, you bring your laptop and whatever you need to work. Join us for our Thursday jelly!
 RT  Me=having a jelly tomorrow  You=being there. : )
 Jelly tomorrow at  from 10-4. Come for coffee, donuts, and coworking.
 Join us at  SM, marketing, ecom lunch at Opal's Penn field , then stop by for 
 RT  Today   10-4 and lunch with us at Opal's Penn field 12 S Austin Social media lunch.
 Monday morning at Texas Coworking.  Start the week with a drop by visit and have some good coffee and get focused for the week!
 Rare magazine article () defines "coworking" using   
 We buffed up the "events" page at  ... check it for upcoming open house jellys, big javascript event, and meetups
 Join us for our pre- Jelly tomorrow.  Coffee, snacks, work, and conversation!
 RT   topics: "No u cannot pick my brain" "Legal issues for startups"  Good stuff.
 Join our pre- downtown jelly this Thursday!  Free coffee, snacks and convo!
 RT  The Texas Tribune, Six Months In - mediabistro.com: MediaJobsDaily 
 Join me at "Texas Coworking Jelly" on May 13th. RSVP at   
 RT  Check out "Texas Coworking Jelly" on May 13th. RSVP  before  at   ...
 RT  Tomorrow, 7pm,  Quesenbery on storytelling in UX at Austin UPA: 
 Join our pre- downtown jelly this Thursday! 
  - Fresh baked chocolate chip cookies in the kitchen...
 Some coworkers headed to  tonight. Benefit for Safe Place and the Children's shelter. 
 Join me at " (Big Ass Twitter Happy Hour)" on May 13th. RSVP at   
 Walked across the street to  
 Coworking with       at 
 RT  So nice to have peeps in the office today  Excellent!
  no but you are welcome to work one of those days here with us too.
  definitely come by  for today's jelly and get to know our space better!
  Hmmm...I did not receive it. Moving over to DM.
 Coworking Jelly today at Texas Coworking, 200 E 6th, Austin, TX dm  for details.  Free coffee and snacks.  Robust wifi.
 RT  RT  Texas Coworking Jelly tomorrow  Free coffee and snacks  
 Texas Coworking Jelly tomorrow   
 Join us for our  on Thursday 
 Just got message that the lil ole' video I did is featured in examiner newsletter  Crazy happenings since then.
 Run Ricky Run - Ricky Williams reveals himself in documentary -  
 Why work alone today when you can come to Texas Coworking. Coffee and collaboration from 10-4!
 RT  The one downfall with Austin is that every local coffeeshop I've been to so far doesn't know how to make a good cup of...
  Well come by next week...or the next...or the next if you can! Love to have you in.
 Tomorrow stop by anytime between10-4 to mingle & work at Texas Coworking. Starting up a  in May but gonna pre-jelly tomorrow.
 meeting with  today about  sponsors, entrants, judges, etc.  Are you any of these?
 Can Localiter, the dark horse of Austin deals, make a run? -  
 new event for June  to find best Austin coffee.  Follow  for updates
 If you downtown this morning, come by Texas Coworking and have a cup of coffee with us! Video interview with  at 9
 starting out week at Texas Coworking w two new coffees Ethiopian and Burundi from Owl Tree.  Searching for Austin's best coffee. Ideas?
 (6/5/10) Saturday Night JavaScript hack night and party at TexasCoworking,200 E Sixth St, Austin, 78701 sponsored... 
   - Hope you can ride in a "Tour of Texas" someday!
 My latest  --> 
  what was the name of that coffee company that delivered? It was mentioned in one of the Refresh talks last week
 wow article about  is most popular on the Examiner  and just a bit of controversy too
 cote follows  and I think he's on to something.  You might want to jump on the bandwagon.
 How hard is it for an intelligent person to get a job in Austin, Texas? - 
 ATXWebShow and YayQuery shows end Austin podcast dry spell -  and txjs hack night to be at Texas Coworking!
 What did you learn at Austin ProductCamp? -  ... my second piece on the Examiner!  Woo woo!
 RT  New Topic: April Meeting is Tomorrow! Webkit’s Transitions & Old-School Business with New-School Tools: Join us Tu... ...
 There's marble cake and banana bread in the kitchen   Good Friday Morning
 Warmly welcomes Erwin and Kristin as new members.
 RT  wow, Austin has a web dev podcast and it's hot  ... just added it to my itunes subscriptions
 blog post on  explains what TC is doing with video publishing  
 watching usability vs user experience     at AT&T Conference Ctr at UT productcamp
 RT  Am intrigued by mention of app for parents, by  during interview about  w/ - . ...
 hanging out on patio at AT&T Conference Ctr with Jon Gatrell and David Ball at  productcamp austin ... perfect weather
 sitting 4 rows back from  at  at Paul Young's  presentation, how good a url is that?
 rt  blogged on  about insanely brilliant new gmail social profile app / widget  &  chaoticmoon
 SxSW Iteractive 2010 a success - how about dropping by to check out Texas Coworking.  Above "Friends" on 6th.
 Happening now at TexasCoworking 200 E 6th 301   breakfast tacos, coffee, live stream panel netcast ... need panelists
 Happening now!   's     and we need speakers for global netcast?  Come by and talk...
 Please retweet     happening now!  Need panelists for global netcast!
 We're hosting  today at  at 200 E 6th, Austin, TX, 78701... full on video studio and we need panelists!
 Tomorrow there's both the last  show and  And that would wrap  for us.
 TexasCoworking's Grace Sharington interviews singer Kristen Diable on  ... her name means "devil" but she's anything but
 RT   guru Leo Laporte's crew is in the house at  in     ...
 RT   guru Leo Laporte's crew is in the house at  in      ...
 RT  Podcasting guru Leo Laporte to 'netcast' from Austin  space during     ...
 RT  The Cube- TriCasting LIVE from  w/  &  March 12-17 powered by  ht ...
 Nice. I just added myself to Cliqset Crowd:  
 RT  Woot!  Tummelvision tom nite LIVE  w/ guest  thx to      ...
 TexasCoworking is going to be hosting Leo Laporte doing two shows at the start of SXSW - twit and twig - jazzed about this!
 Join me at "March  Big Ass Twitter Happy Hour (NO SXSW BADGE REQUIRED)" on Mar 11th. RSVP at   
 met with Gary Hoover for 3.5 hrs last night and he agreed to give talk at   Great news!
  wave vs. buzz  Your thoughts?
 At the wordpress meetup with  and  at  .... q & a session tonight
 Grace Sharington takes you on a video tour of  on  ... Grace will be doing SXSW...
 The new  is hosting a lot of podcasting and video streaming events during SXSW 2010, they're at 200 E 6th,...
 posted video interview on  with  and the afterparty at Annies on Sixth for Videocamp Austin 
 had a great time at  and last nights after party at Annies.  Good stuff from 
 CrisiscampSXSW.eventbrite.com Mar 16th  200 E 6th Will be live videocasting all day  (cont) 
 during    will be podcasting and video streaming hq if you want to shoot video or edit, etc
 Now watching  at  and just chatted with 
 At  in Sean cunnigham session great stuff
  podcasting and streaming central event (Texas Coworking, 200 E 6th St, Austin, TX, 78701) Mar 12-16, 2010 
 Wordpress meetup next Tuesday 3/2 at 7pm  downtown  plus at least 5 RISE events in early March
  Mr Natural - to answer your question - is a veggie restaurant down on First Street, east of IH35.  Cafeteria style, good food.
 texas coworking
 RT  Stopped by SXSW Interactive event ~9:30pm for ~20 mins to see  vs.  ping pong action & say hi ...
  mothers on duval or mr natural on east first are the two choices off the top, Lani
 Video review of  on  plus 3 reviews by Jon Lebkowsky, Eugene Austin, and N Ducoff 
 AustinBlogger video clip of  rejects party  
 glimmer of hope!   Austin based organization helps Ethiopia to the tune of $35 million
 Turk and Christy Pipkin nail it with their One Peace at a Time message about bringing books, schools, wells to Africa 
 video of David Armistead I made  
 Like  I'm watching   which is happening 4 blocks from me at UT
 Just added myself to the  Twitter list on 
 VIDEO: Semantic Web Austin meets at Texas Coworking - 01 
 RT  My  story: Social media speeds up news-gathering in plane crash aftermath 
 RT  View our News 8 slideshow of the events  
 RT  I worked there! on that floor! looked out those windows on the 2nd fl when i taught  link via  ...
 RT  Previous content of embeddedart.com   (by archive.org) 
 RT  cnn is falling all over itself w/ the excitement of the  story. calm down, boys, it's not christmas morning,  ...
 RT  Crash story updated with remarks from press conference; no link to terrorism, police chief says   ...
 RT  Apparent manifesto of pilot:  - via  confirmed site registered to Stack. 
 RT  scariest thing about  pilot's site? Source code shows doc was created 2 days ago, saved at 6:42 am. http ...
 RT   Yes.  used WHOIS to confirm embeddedart.com belonged to pilot, Joseph Stack. 
 RT  News conference coming up at 12:30pm, live on KVUE and streaming at KVUE.com.... 
 RT  Live press conference at 12:30pm CST with more info on the plane crash, house fire and possible stolen plane.   ...
 RT  RT  Awesome:  | ROTFLMAO! This is why I don't use those checked-in apps...
 getting interviewed by  about coworking at  for  magazine
 *           Can we host SSW Gowalla event 
 The  watching party has started at  on  
 RT   Texas Coworking Boagworld 200 event Friday Feb 12 | 
 See our website at  for details on Fridays 4 am Boagworld 200 episode watch party 12 hour event!
  slight correction it's  that is holding the watching party Friday, but we're giving  and refresh heads up
 RT  Great article in the Washington Post on Coworking...Thanks to Angie White!     
 RT  Currently reading Inc.: Coworking Spaces Grow in Popularity: 
 Huge thanks  for great Examiner.com article on Austin Coworking | 'Coworking’ movement gains ground in Austin 
 I can't promise but I'll try and rig up a locker for  at Texas Coworking   needs wordpress help if you have...
 Austin Texas Coworking featured in SF Examiner article by   and  lands at...
 RT  Arlington's new Artisphere  will crowdsource a coworking space for creatives and artists. Stay tuned
 RT  'Coworking' sites are catching on.  Why not share resources to reduce expenses? 
 RT  Best short video on coworking       
 Stockton Record article on "Tracy Virtual Office"  community in Calif. "Lose the commute, keep the community" 
 WCCO: Over the years, there's been a shift from cubicles to home offices, and now, something in between.  
 RT     The State of Coworking event is tomorrow (part of Social Media Week)  -     
 NY Times article on Coworking:  "Working in the Company of Strangers" |   | Focus on the Hive at 55 in NYC   
 RT  I cant believe I just did my last liveshot for FOX 7. It's my last day as a tv news reporter and I'm going to miss a l ...
  We'll miss you on tv!  What are you doing next?
 VIDEO: World's first Coworking Congress - 2 
 RT       The World Coworking map by Google:  /      via    
 VIDEO: Coworking Congress at TexasCoworking.com - 1 
 adjustment via  (Cody) the SXSW event will be  not  for continuity sake
  your article is at the front desk of Texas Coworking, 200 E. 6th Street, suite 301, Austin, TX 78701 - come by anytime, thanks
  is now live with news feeds about the global coworking scene and upcoming coworking congress in Austin at SXSW
 RT  Live From The Apple Tablet Event 
 Cap Metro says the 32-mile line from Leander to downtown Austin should be “operational” by late February. Woo hoo !!!  
 Photos of Ten Very Cool  Spaces From Around the World   
 Austin mobile commerce developer Digby signed a deal to build Abercrombie & Fitch's cell phone storefront   
 RT  Help shape the North Austin  movement tomorrow at Texpresso from 11 am - 2 pm.   
 I'm Outta Here: how co-working is making the office obsolete  by Drew Jones       
 RT  WordPress Meetup a week from tonight! Feb. 2, 7 p.m. at Texas Coworking.      TexasCoworking.com
 Clay Spinuzzi's SXSWi panel has been accepted: 'What Coworking Tells Us About the Future of Work'  will be on March 15. 
 Fort Worth Biz:  'Coworking concept brings tech entrepreneurs together in Dallas / Fort Worth' w/ focus on CoHabitat.  
  call Derek Williams at 267-608-0505 about  as venue for Haiti in Austin event
   can help w Haiti in Austin We can do quick drupal & CSS help  DM me 
  We're across the street from Buffalo Billiards and upstairs from B D Riley's ... see our twitter background pic
 HUGE Thank You to Debbie and Todd  4 being amazing hosts during our tour of San Antonio's  Coworking Space 
 Texas Coworking is hosting the next Austin WordPress Meetup Group on Tuesday, February 2, 2010 at 7 PM       
 RT  A coworking experiment by Nancy Kelly - break away from the home alone blues.        
 A good primer of WebWorkerDaily’s articles on coworking.       
 RT     A Year in Review at Conjunctured Coworking | Austin Coworking          
 RT  Looking for immediately available interactive designers in Austin! We have a growing client hiring ASAP  
  suggest   for crisis camp at sxsw . . . let's talk
 Virtual Bridges Inc. raised $4 million from Austin Ventures to expand sales mkting + dev of its virtualization software 
  CrisisCampLA is looking for a free coworking space with Wifi for 100 people this Sat in LA to help Haiti 
 Fantastic article on  from ReadWriteWeb's new 'Start' channel,  a resource for 1st-time entrepreneurs + startups 
 mashable: We might be seeing a gold rush for currently locked-up Twitter usernames that have been inactive or deleted   
 Austin Tech News:  Things are heating up for  iphone app maker  Heatwave Interactive      
 need a perfect HQ for SXSW? put  on your list, a workspace with video production just 2 blocks from SXSW on 6th St
 From the CVW Web Design Blog: Five advantages of coworking for freelancers        
 Thinkspace.com:       Dan Pink on Coworking, “It’s more than simply real estate”       
 MassHighTech.com:  Here's a list of the top coworking space options for entrepreneurs in BOSTON.     
 Walletpop:  "The number of  offices has increased by 60% in the past year to more than 200 nationwide"    
 From Walletpop:  "Boom in shared office spaces -- yeah, that'll work"     
 RT  Just blogged a new Austin coworking map at spinuzzi.blogspot.com
 RT  Only one week left to nominate someone to the Austin Under 40 Awards! Learn more at 
 NY Times article on Coworking from Feb 2008  "They're Working on Their Own, Just Side by Side "     
 Classic Mashable | 'Six Reasons to Start  by Alex Hillman co-founder of IndyHall coworking space in Philly   
 ReadWriteWeb ::  From Co-Working to Cubicles: Where Are You Working?      
 RT  RT     Need New Ideas? Try Coworking | Daily Design Mag        
 RT  A nice article on the benefits of  for freelancers...enjoy!    |    
 RT  Rent at a  space is fully deductible. If you use an exclusive home office that's a tax deduction too! 
 The  Refresh meetup talk on "weLost" iphone app by Andrew Donoho has about 50 attendees.  Good turnout!
 Tonight's  meeting has moved to the new Texas Coworking space (200 E. 6th, 3rd floor, above BD Riley's).  
 RT  Dan Pink on Coworking, “It’s more than simply real estate”  cc:  
 Refresh Austin moved to Texas Coworking tonite at 7 PM. We're at 200 E 6th Street (Hannig Row) 3rd floor Austin, TX 78701 TexasCoworking.com
 RT  Small mention of  in US News and World Report article on sharing:  (via 
 Austin-based design studio Power House Animation created the digital set for a new RISK XBOX video game, on sale 2010   
 RT  Peeps in Austin,Texas - Spoon Instore Concert at Waterloo Records on Jan 25 at 4 pm !  
 From ShiftWorkspace.com:  What can BigCo learn from Coworking?  
  We would love for you to check out  for a sxsw social media breakfast! Come on down!
    we'd like to give you guys a tour of a potentially great backstory venue for sxsw: 
  now has Five  spaces open or planning to open in early 2010 - Conjunctured, Cospace, Junto, LINK, and TexasCoworking.com
 RT  The future of Coworking is growth in biz sectors OTHER than web software technology. ex. science, law, real estate, etc
 RT  Most of coworking, as I know it, involves people in the web tech sector. Tho we hang with great writters, scientists, healthcare
  Please stop by Texas Coworking!
 RT    Coworking meets childcare?        
 Pitchfork: The xx, Neon Indian, Midlake, Califone, Woods, Clogs, Cymbals Eat Guitars Added to SXSW 2010     
 VIDEO | Strongbox West Atlanta CoWorking Space. Interview w/ Amy Hoover of Strongbox West, tour of space    
 VIDEO | "Coworking: Origins and Future". This interview features two  spaces: The Hat Factory and PariSoMa.  
 Video: The entrepreneurs coworking concept is growing in Europe. Okuri (Madrid) is part of growing  movement  
 Those "best and worst jobs" rankings were based on five criteria -- environment, income, employment outlook, physical demands and stress
 WSJ ranks Worst Jobs of 2010. Six Worst: Roustabout, Lumberjack, Ironworker, Dairy Farmer, Welder, Garbage Collector. 
 The Best Jobs of 2010 -   software engineer,  compter systems analyst,  technical writer,  web developer 
 WebWorkerDaily: "Creative Classes, Civic Regeneration & Coworking" in the United Kingdom, from May 2008      
 Video: Michael Arrington interrogates Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, who says "The Age of Privacy is Over"  |  
 Check out this great collection of Coworking links   <---|                   |     
   <-- Home of "The CoWorking Institute", an undertaking of the pioneer of technologies for collaborative work and play
 RT  RT  If you're not sure why you should be coworking, check out our commercials!!!: 
 Join me on Gowalla! The easiest way to share and discover new places. See where I've been: 
 RT   Coworking -  The end of loneliness for social entrepreneurs        
 RT  CNN mentions Sandbox Suites in yet another article about  
 Getting ready to watch Texas vs the Tide. Go Longhorns - Hook 'Em ! 
 I believe we are now following all  spaces on planet earth that have sent a fresh tweet this decade. 
 RT  New post: Coworking, job search and You 
 RT  Coworking, mentorship, and incubators/accelerators are sprouting up all over, I/O ventures opened today  ...
 RT  Top Trend 2010  Coworking and Startup Incubation 
 RT  The age of the cafe/coworking space is coming big time!!    Yes, we will be starting one shortly!
 RT  Help us chose a name for our cafe/coworking space by commenting. .  Thanks  fo ...
 Check out Austin's newest Coworking space tomorrow, noon to 5 PM. Impromptu  open house, reply back for more details !
 RT  Coworkers of Austin, you can still get 2 Free day passes for Cospace if you help us out.  
 countdown to the National Title game, Longhorns vs Alabama.  Hookem' baby.  Just 12 hours away!
 RT  Coworkers of Austin, you will get 2 Free day passes for Cospace if you help us out.  
 Great article on NPR: Co-Working Offers Community To Solo Workers   
 Showing first batch of potential coworkers our newly opened space on Sixth Street (in the Hannig Row Bldg next to BD Rileys)
  is now open at 200 East Sixth, Austin, TX 78701.
