 Tax tips to help prep 4 nxt yr - chk out 
  training is as simple as giving us a call! 
 Reckon  talks are getting anywhere? Less than a week left! 
 All kinds of laws covering   and  issues - need help understanding them? 
 Where will it place us as a country if our   ? Lots of people gonna hurt  
 The fact is that u can do more harm than good if you attempt ur own  w/out knowing exactly how 
 Find Jobs - PGRS, Inc. Open House Jobs in Lake Wylie, South ...: PGRS, Inc. Open House - Find Sales Jobs, Market... 
 Home Values: 17 CATAWBA RIDGE RD LAKE WYLIE, SC 29710 | HOMES.com: Home value and property records for 17 Catawb... 
 RT  Congress is disgusting Worried more abt re-election thn solving fiscal problems.   
 RT  Has the Obama administration called GE in to explain shared sacrafice? They paid no taxes last year.  
 Accounting is interesting and confusing all at the same time if u don't have the right skills 
 Finance H&r Block Jobs - Lake Wylie, SC | Simply Hired: Every Finance H&r Block job in Lake Wylie, SC on the web... 
 536 Spruce Hollow Lane Lake Wylie, SC 29710 Real Estate Listing ...: View 536 Spruce Hollow Lane Lake Wylie, SC ... 
 Lake Wylie SC Fishing: Synergy Alloy 3002 SC Combo. Attracts fish with smell. Holds fish with taste. ... Click h... 
 LAKE WYLIE | A look at 'Pennies' project 9: S.C. 557 | The Herald ...: The Herald is presenting snapshots of the... 
 Clover man dies days after motorcycle crash on SC 49: By Kimberly Dick - kdick A Clover man die... 
 SC lawmakers eye jockeying as debt deadline looms | Lake Wylie ...: U.S. Rep. Tim Scott of South Carolina's coas... 
 5600 RIVERFRONT RD, Lake Wylie SC 29710, MLS  Weichert.com: WELCOME HOME TO THE LAKE!! 2009 Custom Buil... 
 Lake Wylie chamber announces new members | Lake Wylie Pilot - Lake ...: Address: 4078 Charlotte Hwy, P.O. Box 50... 
 Wonder how many days of this heat are left - kinda looking forward to a nice cool fall!
 Don't try to guess your way through your bookkeeping endeavors - let us help 
 Lake Wylie is a great place for families - glad we are of service to everyone! 
 Furman tennis coach Scarpa announces retirement | Lake Wylie Pilot ...: GREENVILLE S.C.. Longtime Furman tennis ... 
 Clover Area Assistance seeks school supplies: Items may be dropped off from 8 am to 4 pm Mondays and Wednesdays ... 
 Meeting about Pennies for Progress July 28 in Clover: A town hall meeting sponsored by the Lake Wylie and Clover... 
 Teens Drowns In SC Lake: YORK COUNTY, SC -- According to York County officials, at 7:15 pm Friday, a sheriff's d... 
 Teen Drowns on Lake Wylie: By Sharon Smith, Weekend Anchor, Reporter - bio | email YORK COUNTY, SC (WBTV) - Inve... 
 Never underestimate the power of your business portfolio especially where ur A/P n A/R are concerned 
  7 Animals eaten alive - Don't know if I could do it other than the oysters! 
 1727 Mineral Springs Rd, Lake Wylie, SC, 29710 | MLS 2032131: Real estate for sale at 1727 Mineral Springs Rd La... 
 Wondering if a new central air unit is tax deductible? We got ur answer 
 In brief Staff and wire reports: A 16-year-old from Rock Hill who was swimming at Lake Wylie drowned late Friday... 
 Police: Rock Hill teen drowns on Lake Wylie: AP ROCK HILL, SC -- Authorities say a Rock Hill teen has drowned wh... 
 Physical Therapist / Therapy (Pt) Travel job in Lake Wylie, SC: View the job posting for Physical Therapist / Th... 
 418 Foilage Court, Lake Wylie, SC 29710 :: CarolinaRealEstateHub.com: 418 Foilage Court Lake Wylie - 15 - 3 Bedr... 
 Cause unknown in S.C. boat explosion: By Kimberly Dick Tega Cay and Charlotte Fire Department boats monitor the ... 
 Norway attacks shock disgust Europe | Lake Wylie Pilot Lake Wylie SC: The deadly twin attacks in Norway were gre... 
 Dont forget - Federal Unemployment Rate reduced to 6.0% as of July 1st 
 Rock Hill teen drowns at Lake Wylie: by NewsChannel 36 Staff LAKE WYLIE, SC – The York County Sheriff's Office i... 
 Don't try to muddle ur way through your bookkeeping - let us help! 
 York man injured diving into Lake Wylie: SC Department of Natural Resources, York County Sheriff's deputies and ... 
  Great article on accounting lessons from the recession 
 SC Forestry Commission taking orders for seedlings: In all, the commission says South Carolina has more than 13 ... 
 BIG YARD SALE IN LAKE WYLIE (Lake Wylie, SC) - Charlotte Craigslist: Big Yard Sale in Lake Wylie, SC off Hwy 274... 
 Lake Wylie NC, SC Real Estate Listings Real Estate Agencies: Lake Wylie, NC and SC - by Madhan Karthikeyan Lake ... 
 Address Not Disclosed, Lake Wylie SC - Trulia: Photos, maps, description for Address Not Disclosed, Lake Wylie S... 
 No official explanation yet for boat blast at marina: After pulling parts of the 37-foot cabin cruiser from the ... 
 Want training in Quickbooks? Check out 
 Keeping the books straight is our forte - let us handle your accounting needs! 
 Hard to believe it is still in the high 80s out right now! Gotta love A/C! 
 Huntsman's campaign manager resigns | Lake Wylie Pilot Lake Wylie SC: Republican Jon Huntsman's campaign manager... 
 247 Evening Shadow Road, Lake Wylie SC 29710, MLS  ...: This home has got it all including a great price! FULL BRICK RANCH w/...
 Scoreboard: Judy Mussman made hers on the 123-yards, par-3, No. 5 at River Hills Country Club in Lake Wylie, SC ... 
 Real Estate Agent Jobs in Lake Wylie, SC - BusinessWeek: Jobs 1 - 10 of 64 ... 64 real estate agent jobs in Lake... 
 Wellness Ridge IMPACT Training Redefines Group Exercise in Lake Wylie: Personal trainer Rachel Gilmore is seekin... 
 Meet America's king of airline fees | Lake Wylie Pilot Lake Wylie SC: Spirit Airlines is the frat boy of the air... 
 Best song of alltime The  -  - what else would we pick? lol  
 We dont just serve  - we can help any area biz with bookkeeping accounting n more! 
 Now past the halfway point! Has every1 submitted their quarterly info to  
 Awful Construction - Bait and Switch ..., Not Recommended, Jul 18 ...: Review of studio apartment at The Village... 
 Check our site n give us a call if your business books have you stumped! 
 Join in Chase July 30 to help River Hills/Lake Wylie EMS: It'll be a celebration of motorized travel July 30 whe... 
 Pennies for roads push begins at Lake Wylie: Also set for the Lake Wylie and Clover areas are a two-lane connect... 
 Word of Mouth referrals are ALWAYS welcome! We are here to help with all accounting, bookkeeping n tax needs 
 What's black blue n red all over? Your balance sheets if they are filled out fully! 
 Pope urges help for Somalia | Lake Wylie Pilot Lake Wylie SC: Pope Benedict XVI urged the international communit... 
 Accounting is not = to bookkeeping! Big difference between the 2 
 Physical Therapist job in Lake Wylie, SC - Epeople Healthcare: View the job posting for Physical Therapist at Ep... 
 Dont let obscure tax laws confuse u - We r here to help! 
 Does any1 think the Prez will really run the risk of not getting Social Security checks out on time? 
 How many folks know the laws governing proper accounting practices? 
 Keep things real - Imagine what IRS agents see coming across their desks - Pets as dependents are only 1 example! 
 Bentley Bandit caught stolen Bentley crashed | Lake Wylie Pilot ...: ... was wanted in Arizona South Carolina Fl... 
 Got to love Lake  - People are great and all the needed comforts are on hand!  
 Clues sought in boat blast: A 15-foot section of the bow and its railing broke free while divers attempted to li... 
 Huge Estate Sale - Fri/Sat 7:00AM Until (Clover SC - Lake Wylie ...: 2304 Highway 557 Clover SC - Just past the ... 
 It would be interesting to see whether the income tax is still around twenty years from now - 
 Elder care is a deductable expense if you keep all pertinent receipts and records - 
 186 Riverview Ter, Lake Wylie, SC, 29710 | MLS 2030411: Real estate for sale at 186 Riverview Ter Lake Wylie SC ... 
 5679 Quail Trail Lane, Lake Wylie, SC 29710 :: Grayson Claire ...: 5679 Quail Trail Lane Lake Wylie - 4 Bedrooms... 
 Remains of scorched boat recovered from Lake Wylie for investigation: Lt. Robert McCullough of the SC Department... 
 Never resort to claiming pets as deductions - the IRS is even better at catching bogus claims - 
 Remains of scorched boat recovered from Lake Wylie for investigation: The father and his 11-year-old son are bei... 
 Charred boat being pulled from bottom of lake: by TONY BURBECK / NewsChannel 36 TEGA CAY, SC -- A boat which sun... 
 5679 Quail Trail Lane, Lake Wylie SC 29710, MLS  Weichert.com: Enjoy this fabulous custom brick, lake f... 
 Let us work with you now and save the hustle and bustle of getting your records in order - 
 Balanced budget - fairy tale when it comes to the government! - 
 Filing your taxes can be important even if you didn't earn much - 
 Tom Higgins: Fishing Forecast: Large catfish to 34 pounds on cut baits. Lake Wylie: Plentiful white perch on min... 
 WBTV 3 News, Weather, Sports, and Traffic for Charlotte, NC-Several hurt when ...: By Tom Roussey, Reporter - bi... 
 Certified Nursing Assistant (Lake Wylie, S.C.) at / CNA Jobs: CNA Jobs in North Carolina - Certified Nursing Ass... 
 546 Little Cove Lane Lake Wylie SC 29710 MLS 2028474: 546 Little Cove Lane, Lake Wylie, SC 29710 - MLS 2028474... 
 Duke rate increase proposal for SC expected in early August: LAKE WYLIE, Jul 12, 2011 (Lake Wylie Pilot - McClat... 
 Lake Wylie Covekeepers meet July 13 | Lake Wylie Pilot Lake Wylie SC: The Lake Wylie Covekeepers will hold their... 
 4 injured after boat explodes while refueling at Tega Cay marina ...: AP TEGA CAY, SC — Authorities say a boat e... 
 4 injured in boat explosion at Tega Cay Marina: ... anti freeze and other toxic materials that spilled into Lake... 
 Use black ink when keeping paper records - some consider red to be bad luck! - 
 Explosion injures 3 people at Tega Cay Marina, sources say: TEGA CAY, SC (WBTV) - A large fire and explosion has... 
 Records of moneys owed to you for services should be listed under Accounts Receivable - 
 Knowing ahead of time how you plan on filing your taxes next year can help in record keeping - 
 Lake Wylie,SC best priced jetskis services: Lake Wylie,SC best priced jetskis services most jetskis done within ... 
 Catawba Cove Ln Lake Wylie SC - Local Business | Facebook: Welcome to Catawba Cove Ln Lake Wylie SC on Facebook.... 
 214 Riverview Terrace, Lake Wylie SC 29710, MLS  Weichert.com: Rare 1st floor Master suite w/*updated b... 
 Dont forget that outgoing payments are filed under Accounts Payable - 
 5744 Natoma RD Masons Crossing Lake Wylie, SC 29710: 5744 Natoma RD Masons Crossing Lake Wylie, SC 29710.www.lak... 
 Accounting can be handled simply with just a bit of planning and the right info - 
 Keep all receipts for your college related costs to file with next years taxes - 
 Homes for Sale - 425 Elizabeth Valley Ln - Lake Wylie, SC 29 - YouTube: Single Family 5 beds 3 baths Jennifer Do... 
 Dave's Guitar School - Lake Wylie, SC (South Carolina) | (803) 417 ...: Providing Top Quality Guitar Lessons & B... 
 With the 4th behind and the summer now in full swing what plans are next? - 
 Duke rate increase proposal for SC expected in early August: “The drivers are the same,” he said of the South Ca... 
 Man saves his life and two others in 2002 accident: ... about their chances of winning the fishing tournament on... 
 Ever feel the tax code is purposefully confusing? - 
 Getting out to see the Lake Wylie area is a great way to pass time and save money - 
 Oppressive heat heading to South Carolina | Lake Wylie Pilot Lake ...: Some of the hottest weather of the summer... 
 Comcast Cable Lake Wylie | Get Comcast Deals in SC: Get special discounts when you buy Comcast Cable services in... 
 2916 Hartley Ct, Lake Wylie SC 29710 (The Landing Subdivision) MLS ...: BEAUTIFUL IMPECCABLE HOME, NEARLY 1/2 AC... 
 Is your college going child still at home? You may be able to deduct them on next years taxes - 
 What is the hardest legal deduction to claim on your taxes? - 
 Accounting and bookkeeping should be on the nose to avoid issues - 
 How did Rock Hill lure big tourney?: By Shawn Cetrone, The Herald, Rock Hill, SC July 10--Bob Brantley assumed y... 
 SC inspector general starts several investigations | Lake Wylie ...: South Carolina's new inspector general says... 
 Registered Nurse Jobs - Lake Wylie, SC - H1B Jobs and Visa Sponsor ...: Search Registered Nurse jobs in Lake Wyl... 
 Lake Wylie Lighting Contractors | Lighting Contractors in Lake ...: Find lighting contractors & Lighting Contrac... 
 YouTube - Homes for Sale - 225 Blue River Rd, LAKE WYLIE, SC‏: Lakeside custom estate neighborhood moments to sh... 
 Thinking of moving? Remember to keep your receipts for deductions - 
 Qualifying for tax deductions requires that you file properly to take advantage - 
 Submitting your quarterly taxes on time can help avoid penalties - 
 Storage Bin Auction - Lake Wylie, SC: Storage Auction. Thomas Auction Group. License  8458  SC3971. 7/9/11  
 3 Family Yard Sale! Sat 8am-1pm (Lake Wylie, SC) | Clover, SC ...: ADDRESSES: 4015 & 4021 Tioga Pointe Lane, Clo... 
 HOA's fine members over lawns, landscaping: That's what happened to Bob Barz and the Bethel Fields HOA in York C... 
 Obama wants Boeing workers resolve conflict | Lake Wylie Pilot ...: ... production line for its 787 airplane in ... 
 733 Cooks Cove Ridge, Lake Wylie, SC 29710 ...: 733 Cooks Cove Ridge Lake Wylie - 15 - :: Land for sale in Lake ... 
 RT  Facebook users beware-scam requesting you validate your FB acct - address has a .tk ext on the end - DO NOT CLICK!
 Lake Wylie Tax is here for your tax, bookkeeping, and accounting needs - 
 If you have a question on your taxes its better to ask than take a chance - 
 RT  Someone out there today needs to see your smile ..  make it a big one!  : ) | RT 
 Don't put too much stock in simple computer files as they can get corrupted if not careful - 
 Greyhound Bus in Lake Wylie, SC | Lake Wylie Greyhound Bus - YP.com: Find greyhound bus & Bus Lines in Lake Wyli... 
 Funeral Home Jobs - Lake Wylie, SC | Simply Hired: Every Funeral Home job in Lake Wylie, SC on the web. 6 jobs a... 
 5100 Sunshine Harbor Rd, Lake Wylie SC 29710 MLS  2026781 ...: WOW WATERFRONT WITH 1 OF THE BEST VIEWS ON THE L... 
 When keeping records make sure you keep all receipts if at all possible - 
 Keep your paper records backed up on computer as well for max security - 
 Tip- using acid free materials, tape your receipts to the center of a piece of paper for easy filing - 
 Wet weather could get wetter next 2 days: ... Service office in Greer, SC "Localized areas of flooding are possi... 
 Tom Higgins fishing forecast: Lake Wylie: Excellent for channel catfish 5-15 feet deep on points and flats on ..... 
 YouTube - Homes for Sale - 34 Fairway Ridge Rd - Lake Wylie, SC 29710‏: Single Family 5 beds 4 baths Melanie Wil... 
 192 Riverview Terrace, Lake Wylie, SC 29710 ...: 192 Riverview Terrace Lake Wylie Area (Area 15) - 2 Bedrooms, 2... 
 YouTube - Homes for Sale - 30 Honeysuckle - Lake Wylie, SC 29710 ...: Single Family 3 beds 5 baths Kay and Don W... 
 192 Riverview, Lake Wylie, SC 29710 | HomeFinder.com | ID: 2028707: See photos and schedule a showing for 192 Ri... 
 Keeping your books for a trucking fleet can quite tough - we can definitely help! - 
 Dont take unnecessary risks with your business - let a pro handle your books - 
 Accounting issues can get sticky if you don't know the laws - 
 We offer taxes on Quick books to help get you up to speed 
 Chamber Calendar - Lake Wylie Chamber of Commerce: Lake Wylie Chamber of Commerce Visit Us At: 264 Latitude Lane... 
 192 Riverview TER, Unit 192, Lake Wylie, SC 29710 (MLS  2028707 ...: Beautiful totally remodeled, move in condi... 
 The new rater per mile for business mileage is 55.5 cents! Keep in mind when keeping records - 
 Work begins at vacant Waterside site: QuikTrip is signed on to take up highway frontage for the new Wylie Gatewa... 
 We offer taxes on Quickbooks to help get you up to speed - 
 Software can be a good investment for keeping books but only if you know how to use it! - 
 MLS 2028707 Listing - 192 Riverview Terrace, Lake Wylie SC 29710: View pictures and description of MLS listing  
 192 Riverview Terrace, Lake Wylie, SC 29710 :: Exit Realty South: 192 Riverview Terrace Lake Wylie Area (Area 15... 
 Short/dirt track notebook: 'Rambo' wins again at 'Firecracker 40': ... Lake Wylie, SC 11) Michael Brown, Pagelan... 
 Charlotte NC | $1200 Waterfront Lake Wylie Under 600K Lake Wylie ...: Waterfront Lake Wylie Under 600K Lake Wyli... 
 NATO More airstrikes in western Libya | Lake Wylie Pilot Lake Wylie SC: NATO said Saturday it has begun ramping ... 
 Severe thunderstorms could hinder Independence Day celebrations: Both the Carowinds and Lake Wylie areas have th... 
 Hope everyone has an excellent and safe Independence Day! - 
 When will we see the end of a down economy and high taxes? - 
 Address Not Disclosed, Lake Wylie SC - Trulia: Photos, maps, description for Address Not Disclosed, Lake Wylie S... 
 546 Little Cove LN, Lake Wylie SC 29710, MLS  Weichert.com: Priced Below Tax Value! Executive Living In... 
 Lake Wylie is a fun place to be on the 4th - 
 Did you remember to report any foreign bank or investment accounts by June 30th? - 
 Make sure that your book keeping includes all that goes out as well as what comes in - 
 June saw the IRS give $10mil in grants to Low Income Taxpayer Clinics - 
 Customer Service Lead jobs in Lake Wylie, SC - CNNMoney.com: 10 Customer Service Lead jobs in Lake Wylie, SC ava... 
 546 Little Cove LN, Lake Wylie, SC 29710 (MLS  2028474 ...: Priced Below Tax Value! Executive Living!Stunnin Cr... 
 Getting ready for the 4th - who's got plans for big fireworks show? - 
 Want to find out where you stand with your business books? Let us help - 
 Did you know that taxes were highly debated among the forefathers? - 
 Now is the time to let us handle your accounting needs - Check us out 
 Matthew Burello - Lake Wylie Pizza & Italian Restaurant - Lake ...: 4074 Charlotte HWY Lake Wylie, SC 29710. Pho... 
 Today started the second half of the year - have you submitted your quarterly tax info yet? 
 Agencies cracking down on DUI boaters: By Trent Faris, SC Bureau Reporter - bio | email LAKE WYLIE, SC (WBTV) - ... 
 Hope everyone's July got off to a great start!
 Closings, extra police near fireworks displays: ... extra personnel stationed Monday night near four of the Char... 
 Abbas might delay Palestinian unity government | Lake Wylie Pilot ...: Lake Wylie Pilot is pleased to be able to... 
 Red, white and BOOM! Where to catch fireworks and other fun this Fourth of ...: Details: Funded solely on donati... 
 Housing in Lake Wylie, South Carolina: Housing, Lake Wylie, SC, United States. Median Home Age, 20, 33. Median H... 
 July 4th celebrations include fireworks, food: The display is funded through donations, and they can be made to ... 
 Fishing Forecast: Lake Wylie: Good for channel catfish 5-10 feet deep around the points on cut baits. Largemouth... 
 No major injuries reported in 3-car crash on Charlotte Highway: According to the agency report, three vehicles w... 
  has the answers to your bookkeeping questions and more! 
 Proper accounting skills will help make tax time much easier 
 Time for quarterly  payments to be submitted! Dont give the  a reason to dig 
 Teen dies after knee-board accidents: Fairfield County Coroner Barkley Ramsey said Clinton fell and hit his head... 
 CNA/Med Tech/Sitter (Lake Wylie, SC) at / CNA Jobs: CNA Jobs in North Carolina - Certified Nursing Assistant Job... 
 Love my Community! ..., Recommended, Jun 28, 2011, apartment ...: Review of studio apartment at The Village at L... 
 Basic  skills should be paramount when starting a  
 Summerville reviews clinic for troubled teens | Lake Wylie Pilot ...: SUMMERVILLE S.C.. Officials in Summerville... 
 Rock Hill man dies after knee-boarding accidents: By Shawn Cetrone - scetrone While knee-boardi... 
  donations may or may not be deductible on your  - don't take chances! 
 Hoping for that one day of storm free  tomorrow! Long as no power outages we are doing good 
 Rock Hill man dies after knee-board accidents: ROCK HILL, SC (AP) - A Rock Hill man has died after being injured... 
 South Carolina couple robbed at gunpoint: After picking up Sandefur, they drove back toward York, SC Mathis said... 
 Lake Wylie fireworks fund hits countdown: Austin said Monday afternoon that the outlook for Lake Wylie's July 4 ... 
 18 Shipmaster Court, Lake Wylie, SC 29710 - House for Rent in Lake ...: House for Rent at 18 Shipmaster Court, L... 
 Economy in Lake Wylie, South Carolina: Economy, Lake Wylie, SC, United States. Unemployment Rate, 15.70%, 10.20%... 
 man dies after knee-boarding accidents: By Shawn Cetrone While knee-boarding with friends Saturday on Lake Wylie... 
 Rock Hill Man Dies After Knee-Board Accidents: By AP Writer | (AP) ROCK HILL, SC (AP) A Rock Hill man has died a... 
 Rock Hill man dies from injuries after suffering 2 accidents on ...: AP ROCK HILL, SC — A Rock Hill man has died... 
 YouTube - Homes for Sale - 425 Elizabeth Valley Ln - Lake Wylie, SC 29: Single Family 5 beds 3 baths Jennifer Do... 
 YouTube - Homes for Sale - 445 Harvest Terrace Dr - Lake Wylie, SC 297: Single Family 4 beds 2.1 baths Roz Baile... 
 SC gov signs illegal immigration police checks law | Lake Wylie ...: South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley has signed ... 
 Rock Hill man dies after knee-boarding accidents: ... with friends Saturday on Lake Wylie, Clinton fell and hit ... 
 lake wylie, sc 29710 at Theater Near Me: Theater Orange County, Theater Las Vegas, Theater Los Angeles, Theater ... 
 YouTube - Homes for Sale - 783 Cooks Cove Rdg - Lake Wylie, SC 29710 -: Other Mary Sieck CENTURY 21 Palmetto Hom... 
 When you find yourself with tax questions in need of an answer check out 
 We are constantly looking for clients ready to trust their accounting and bookkeeping to the best! 
 Ready for Monday? Take a deep breath and hold on - it will all work out fine! 
 Lake Wylie Wine: The Village Cellar After Hours Tasting featuring ...: Lake Wylie, SC Events: The Village Cellar... 
 Coupons to help seniors purchase local produce: Lake Wylie Community Fourth of July fireworks will begin at dusk... 
 Thinking about a nice summer vacation - Anyone have any suggestions for something fun to do close to home? 
 2000 Ranger R 91: 2000 Ranger R 91 - $5200 (Lake Wylie, SC ) ... Location: Lake Wylie, SC; it's NOT ok to contac... 
 What is the point of taking chances on poor tax decisions? It only comes back to bite you!   
 Church happenings | June 24, 2011: Liberty Hill AME Zion Church, Lake Wylie: Male Choir anniversary, 5 pm today ... 
 Rock Hill to host 2012 youth soccer national championship: Bob Brantley, president of the SC Youth Soccer Associ... 
 Hey  area folks, let us help take care of your accounting and bookkeeping needs! 
 When it comes to dealing with taxes, its best left to those prepared to deal with any headaches that might pop up! 
 Has everyone gotten their tax returns back yet? 
 Lelland Clair “Jack” Harrison- Obit: ... of Lake Wyle, SC and Diahn Harrison, of Chicago; four grandchildren, Au... 
 Lelland Clair 'Jack' Harrison: By Anonymous Lelland Clair “Jack” Harrison, 73, of Charlotte, NC, ... of Macomb a... 
 Bomb squad recovers grenade in Clover | Lake Wylie Pilot Lake Wylie SC: A York County bomb squad found a second ... 
 5565 Cypress Road, Lake Wylie, SC 29710 :: CarolinaRealEstateHub.com: 5565 Cypress Road Lake Wylie Area (Area 15... 
 Why do people assume that sticking a bunch of papers in a file is an acceptable way of bookkeeping? 
 Quickbooks can be a great program as long as you know how to use it to its fullest! 
 Be glad when all the storms are passed - rain is nice, but the rest can go! 
 Outdoors: Adventures int he Carolinas: Lake Wylie: Largemouth bass during early morning on topwater lures cast t... 
 First half of 2011 has been great! Heres to hoping 2nd half is even better  !  
   Thanks for keeping us busy with accounting n bookkeeping work! We are here to serve 
 Take care and keep an emergency pack on hand just in case!  storms can get rough
 SC senators advance gov's choice to lead SLED | Lake Wylie Pilot ...: South Carolina legislators on Wednesday re... 
 Proposal carves out new S.C. House seat | Lake Wylie Pilot Lake ...: District 15 currently covers much of the co... 
 Proposal carves out new SC House seat: At its northernmost reaches, the district includes parts of Lake Wylie an... 
 LWAA Cheerleading 2011 July | Lake Wylie, South Carolina 29710 ...: Brief Description. BEFORE you pay anything P... 
 Earthquake rattles northern Chile | Lake Wylie Pilot Lake Wylie SC: A 6.5-magnitude earthquake rattled a sparsel... 
 Patio Home in River Hills Gated Community in Lake Wylie, SC: Patio Home in River Hills Gated Community, Lake Wyl... 
 Lake Wylie Bar And Grill | Bar And Grill in Lake Wylie, SC - YP.com: Find bar and grill & Bar & Grills in Lake W... 
 5499 Cypress, Lake Wylie, SC 29710 (MLS  2024878) | Charlotte ...: Throw a fishing line off of the deck from th... 
 1 way to tell a great  - look  their  - gr8t books is a good sign! 
 Back to the  grindstone 2morrow - who's ready 4 help with their  
  wishes all the fathers out there a great day!
 Strong storms cut power in western SC, NC sweep - Topix: Strong storms cut power in western SC, NC sweep. Full s... 
 125 Tall Pines CT Lake Wylie SC - Home For Sale and Real Estate ...: Details for 125 Tall Pines CT Lake Wylie SC... 
 If weather permits, get out tomorrow and enjoy some time with the family! Visit Lake Wylie or Lake Norman both are great spots!
 Marilyn Feininger, 79: Marilyn and Jack left their adopted hometown of Holland to retire in Lake Wylie, SC, in 1... 
 We can take your business books and have them in order in no time! If you are in the area give us a yell 
 Lake Wylie, SC and other area friends et al - bad weather rolling in  be careful!
 Lexington deputies plan charity motorcycle ride | Lake Wylie Pilot ...: LEXINGTON S.C.. Lexington County deputie... 
 Lake Wylie Adult Entertainment | Adult Entertainment in Lake Wylie ...: Find adult entertainment & Adult Enterta... 
 Townhouse,4136 A Charlotte Hwy, Lake Wylie, SC 29710 - Rinehart Realty: Description for 4136 A Charlotte Hwy, La... 
 Wine Education and Tasting at The Village Cellar in Lake Wylie, SC ...: Wine Education and Tasting at The Villag... 
 Tomorrow is looking hot n stormy - Everyone stay dry and have a great Saturday!!
 Time for the weekend! Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there! Have a wonderful day this Sunday!
 Map of 4380 Old Charlotte Hwy Lake Wylie, SC 29710: Map of 4380 Old Charlotte Hwy Lake Wylie, SC 29710 ... 4380 ... 
 The Village Cellar - Lake Wylie, SC: 1 Review of The Village Cellar "Good prices and selection and great service... 
 3406 Stags Leap Way, Lake Wylie, SC, 29745 | MLS 999389: Real estate for sale at 3406 Stags Leap Way Lake Wylie ... 
 It is hard to believe, but many people assume that bookkeeping is really quite simple 
 With the changes in tax law, the whole thing about death & taxes being certain is out the window - now its just taxes! 
 Have you been struggling with knowing how to handle your accounting? We can help! 
 Lake Wylie nightclubs | Find nightclubs in Lake Wylie, NC: Results 1 - 15 of 101 ... nightclubs for Lake Wylie, ... 
 99 Heritage, Lake Wylie SC | MLS 926309 - Trulia: Photos, maps, description for 99 Heritage, Lake Wylie SC. Sea... 
 Outdoors: Adventures in the Carolinas: Lake Wylie: Plentiful white perch, mainly on minnows. ... SC Coast: Grand... 
 More of a voice for York County?: By Jamie Self - jself As the SC General Assembly ... At its n... 
 Davey Jones Fireworks - Lake Wylie, SC - Local Deal Details & Info ...: Davey Jones Fireworks - Lake Wylie, SC b... 
 Fill packs bellies too | Lake Wylie Pilot Lake Wylie SC: Most kids probably think time off from school during th... 
 Halfway through June - we are getting ready to head into the really hot part of the year! - 
 We are here whenever you need us for all your tax, accounting and bookkeeping needs - 
 Don't fall into the trap of losing track of your business expenditures or income! - 
 Orlando Lake Wylie, Sc Critical Connection Jobs | Orlando Business ...: Orlando Lake Wylie, Sc Orlando Critical ... 
 Pitch in for fireworks: The Lake Wylie fireworks will blast off at about 9:45 pm July 4 near the Buster ... Thun... 
 Woman finds decapitated goat in her driveway, sheriff says: By Chris Dyches - email CLOVER, SC (WBTV) - A Clover... 
 Remember - bookkeeping involves more than just sticking receipts and invoices in a book - 
 With the migration to international standards, will you be prepared with your accounting standards? - 
 It is thought that the US will move to adopting IFRS accounting standards by sometime around 2016 - 
 Denver Lake Wylie, Sc Reflectx Services Jobs | Denver Business Journal: Denver Lake Wylie, Sc Denver Reflectx Se... 
 LAKE WYLIE SPLASH DASH – 5K USATF Certified. Registration No. SC ...: LAKE WYLIE SPLASH DASH – 5K. USATF Certifi... 
 6/13/11 Anyone have rocks thrown at their car this morning on Hwy ...: Get Lake Wylie, SC contractors estimates ... 
 Lake experts: Annual carp stocking working: On Lake Wylie, Stowe said, there is a “healthy supply” of Alligator ... 
 Judge considers union suit against SC governor | Lake Wylie Pilot ...: Attorneys have argued in federal court in... 
 IFRS is principles-based accounting while U.S. GAAP is rules-based accounting - 
 4971 Mill Creek Road, Lake Wylie, SC 29710 - House for Sale in ...: House for Sale at 4971 Mill Creek Road, Lake... 
 YouTube - 420 Harvest Terrace DR, Lake Wylie, SC 29710: 420 Harvest Terrace DR Lake Wylie, SC Brian Belcher ReMa... 
 Will the move from GAAP to international accounting standards lead to mass confusion? - 
 Higher education expenses are an outstanding opportunity for a deduction! - 
 Recovery fears stalk global markets | Lake Wylie Pilot Lake Wylie SC: Concerns over the U.S. economic recovery a... 
 Occupational Health Specialists in Lake Wylie, South Carolina: Occupational Health specialists in Lake Wylie, So... 
 Don't let the ins and outs of employment taxes confuse you - 
 Where there is a will to learn proper accounting, there is a way! - 
 21' PONTOON PARTY BARGE: 21' PONTOON PARTY BARGE - $10000 (LAKE WYLIE, SC) ... Location: LAKE WYLIE, SC; it's NO... 
 If there is any question as to whether or not something belongs in your bookkeeping - add it - 
 Rock Hill schools sell ads on service vehicles: Breadsmith, at 2000 SC 160 W., is open from 6:30 am to 6 pm Mond... 
 The question of an alternative currency seems to keep raising its head - are feds afraid of competition? - 
 Make sure that you are properly filing all employee tax forms - 
 Possesocmedia - Saw your updated site - its really looking great!! - 
 Juneteenth celebrated in North Charleston | Lake Wylie Pilot Lake ...: NORTH CHARLESTON S.C.. People are gatheri... 
 Church happenings | June 11, 2011: Liberty Hill AME Zion Church, Lake Wylie: Children's Day observance, ... Hill... 
 LWM2 - Lake Wylie Real Estate: For information about this home for sale on North Road in Lake Wylie, SC, and all... 
 Price Reduced! Waterfront Home - Lake Wylie - 3 boat dock: Waterfront Home For Sale - Lake Wylie (SC). Floating ... 
 Two arrested in York burglaries: They were two of at least 10 victims in a series of nighttime burglaries along ... 
 Craigslist helps deputies find accused burglars: ... in South Carolina – and the online advertising site Craigsl... 
 Keep in mind that deductions must pass muster with the IRS! - 
 Both farming and fishing income should be claimed on taxes - 
 There are a great number of myths when it comes to whether or not we have to actually pay taxes - 
 1993 stingray 21ft excellent condition - $7000 (lake ... - Craigslist: 1993 stingray 21ft excellent condition - ... 
 Lake Wylie Heating & Air - York, SC, 29745 - Citysearch: Lake Wylie Heating & Air in York. Come to Citysearch® t... 
 Why is it that some people think that only foreign income is taxable? - 
 What did you think of the changes in how refunds were issued this year? - 
 Beaufort recruiting group votes to dissolve | Lake Wylie Pilot ...: HILTON HEAD ISLAND S.C.. A nonprofit agency ... 
 Time to get out and enjoy the summer now that tax season is behind us! - 
 720 Cooks Cove Ridge, Lake Wylie, SC 29710 - House for Sale in ...: House for Sale at 720 Cooks Cove Ridge, Lake... 
 [BOT] Murphy honored by sheriff - Lake Wylie Pilot - Lake Wylie, SC: US: Murphy honored by sheriff - Lake Wylie ... 
 Bookkeeping woes can sink a promising business - avoid them by taking proper steps - 
 By keeping abreast of tax law changes, you can save a lot of grief come next tax season - 
 A strong business plan will address accounting and bookkeeping needs as well as other needs - 
 Lake Wylie Summer 2011: During the last decade, new schools have been built in the Lake Wylie area. Highway 49 w... 
 Don't get bogged down by accounting issues - let a pro handle the worry for you - 
 With all the ins and outs - its no wonder taxes confuse so many people - 
 Don't be caught unaware when the quarter is up and income must be reported - 
 783 Cooks Cove Ridge Lake Wylie, SC 29710 - Real Estate | CENTURY 21: 783 Cooks Cove Ridge Lake Wylie, SC29710 -... 
 Apartment for Rent - $1950 - Lake Wylie Waterfront! Dock! (Lake ...: Riverview Terrace Lake Wylie SC US On-Map L... 
 Arthur Mace - Public Figure - Lake Wylie, South Carolina - Info ...: Arthur Mace - Teaching Pastor at New River ... 
 Three bowlers toss honor scores: Todd Whitesides of Lake Wylie, SC, started the surge with a 300 game on the way... 
 Bookkeeping shouldn't get you down. Take it one step at a time - 
 Got an accounting question you need answered? Check us out - 
 How well do you know tax law as it applies to you? - 
 Revel Salon and Color Studio - Lake Wylie, SC: 1 Review of Revel Salon and Color Studio "Revel Salon and Color S... 
 Regional Sales Manager Salaries in Lake Wylie, SC | Simply Hired: Compare Regional Sales Manager salaries. Free ... 
 We are a full service business - taxes, accounting, bookkeeping, training and more! - 
 SC legislators see tea partyinfluenced session | Lake Wylie Pilot ...: Tea party and conservative activists are ... 
 No matter if you need to know accounting law or more, simply ask and we will help explain - 
 plant manager jobs in Lake Wylie, SC - CNNMoney.com: 147 plant manager jobs in Lake Wylie, SC available on CNNMo... 
 Want to know about changes in tax law? We have you covered - 
 Former Griffon Gets First E-Golf Tour Win: Lake Wylie, SC - Brice Garnett of Gallatin, MO carded a final-round 6... 
 When starting a new business, it is important to know proper bookkeeping and accounting procedures - 
 We can help teach you the basics of Tax Law so you can be better prepared - 
 Mulvaney to answer questions June 8 | Lake Wylie Pilot - Lake ...: Mulvaney to answer questions June 8 | Lake Wy... 
 Want your taxes done right the first time? Let us help with your accounting! - 
  Quite a lot of great articles in the link! Thanks for the info! 
 Well, Friday down, Saturday to go. Anyone have anything big planned out for this weekend? 
 What is the difference between accounting and bookkeeping? Give us a holler and we will let you know! 
 Cindy & Tony Altieri, Spouses Sell Houses in Lake Wylie, SC ...: Cindy & Tony Altieri, Spouses Sell Houses in La... 
 Funny how weather in the South can get so unpredictable at times! hope everyone made it through the day okay 
 About Lake Wylie - Learn more about Lake Wylie, North Carolina ...: About Lake Wylie offers more to the potentia... 
 Accounting needs are best left to those who have the training to properly address them rather than taking chances 
 Gastonia man to be inducted into Carolinas Boxing Hall of Fame: But he'll also celebrate Russell's sportsmanship... 
 Are you looking for ways to "beat the taxman?" Believe it or not there are tons of deductions that people miss each year 
 Lake Wylie Apartments for Rent on MyNewPlace.com - Lake Wylie, SC: Lake Wylie SC rentals including apartments fo... 
 637 Saratoga Drive, Lake Wylie, SC 29710 :: Grayson Claire ...: 637 Saratoga Drive Lake Wylie - 4 Bedrooms, 2.5 ... 
 Outdoors: Adventures in the Carolinas: Lake Wylie: Largemouth around docks and off points on jigs. Excellent for... 
 Don't take your business success in your own hands if you don't know proper accounting -  let a pro help guide you 
 Want to make your business much more efficient? Let us sweat the accounting n bookkeeping for you! 
 Middle of the week and more rain - the fun of summer time in the South! 
 Lake Wylie Chamber Of Commerce - Lake Wylie, SC, 29710 - (803) 831 ...: (803) 831-2827; 264 Latitude Ln, Lake Wy... 
 3353 Schooner Lane, Lake Wylie SC | MLS 1072182 - Trulia: Photos, maps, description for 3353 Schooner Lane, Lak... 
 SC prosecutor suing GlaxoSmithKline over Avandia | Lake Wylie ...: British drug maker GlaxoSmithKline PLC improp... 
 Emergency Crews Discuss Summer Safety Risks: In South Carolina, the only designated swimming area on Lake Wylie ... 
 Police SC man kills woman in violent sex assault | Lake Wylie ...: Greenville County deputies say a woman was ki... 
 Its all about the ink -Certain inks can ruin paper over time leaving paper records in shambles! - 
 Firework funding season heats up: Donations can be mailed to Camp Thunderbird Fireworks Fund, 1 Thunderbird Lane... 
 How was everyones first day back from Memorial Day weekend? Time to get back to work :| - 
 Last day of the month - hope everyone had a great May, ready for the really hot days coming up? - 
 European court Khodorkovsky's rights violated | Lake Wylie Pilot ...: Lake Wylie Pilot is pleased to be able to ... 
 Rickbischoff Rustic Contemporary Spirit - Lake Wylie, SC (South ...: Fine Art Visionary/Fantasy Abstract/Decor E... 
 Proper bookkeeping will definitely pay off come tax time! - 
 Accounting tips for small biz - Dont count your profits before the job is done! - 
 Thank you to all the Veterans and their families for the sacrifices you have all made! - 
 Want to eat & sleep better? Hire a pro for your accounting needs! - 
 Heron Cove Subdivision, Lake Wylie, SC on Vimeo: What do homeowners love about living in Heron Cove? Living adja... 
 Running Calendar 05.30.11: LAKE WYLIE SPASH DASH: June 11, Camp Thunderbird - River Hills, Lake Wylie, SC 5K and... 
 SC lawmaker AG complete military training courses | Lake Wylie ...: South Carolina's attorney general and a Ches... 
 There's nothing worse than to be looking for that one little piece of paper with an important note on it, grr - 
 Our services don't end with the tax season! We handle accounting, bookkeeping and more - 
 Keep your finances in order - it can help stave off the chances of an issue in case of audit - 
 Accounting tips for small biz - Dont spend more than you have! - 
 3 burglaries reported near Lake Wylie: Police near Lake Wylie are investigating two daytime burglaries on Autumn... 
 A'counting - What the kids start doing to make sure they havent lost any of their toys - 
 Keep your friends close and your accountant closer! - 
 Small biz tax credits to remember - Small Biz Job Act =Newly-purchased-asset deductions - 
 Anyone heading out to Charlotte to catch Eddie Money??? - 
 827 Misty Arbor Frd  L75, Lake Wylie, SC 29710 MLS 972405 - Zillow: For sale: $299000. Home at 827 Misty Arbor... 
 Lake Wylie Motors | 4815 Charlotte Hwy, Lake Wylie, SC | Call (803 ...: Lake Wylie Motors 4815 Charlotte Hwy Lak... 
 The Carolinas | Privatized bus maintenance costs more: Coroner Sabrina Gast says Christina Sayers of Lake Wylie ... 
 2 arrested after Clover home invasion, fatal shooting: Authorities said 17-year-old Christina Marie Sayers of La... 
 Tuttle Roofing Jobs in Lake Wylie, SC  GetRoofingJobs.com: Job search for Tuttle Roofing Jobs in Lake Wylie, SC... 
 Thank goodness its Friday, ready for the holiday weekend! - 
 Man kills intruder in Clover home invasion; 2 arrested: ... tried to break into his home at 2985 West SC 55. Dep... 
 Lake Wylie Rotary president dies in York crash, 6 injured: Lee Stanley Smith, 51, who goes by "Les", of Hickory ... 
 Lake Wylie man dies in York crash, 6 injured: By Jamie Self - jself A 51-year-old Lake Wylie ma... 
 Whether you choose our services or want to learn to do it yourself, we have you covered! - 
 Audits can hit anyone including self-employed individuals! Be proactive and not reactive - 
