  hey its you!!!
 
  
  no txt tango or nothing from you...:(
  guess not :(
 I ain't gone lie its hard to be struggling and u at work and see a 17 yr old pull up in a Porsche his ppl bought (cont) 
  we should be just txt buddies??...lol
  me too.... lol
 RT  Playing ( plies shawty )
 RT  Ima flirt ;)
 Pressure bust pipes
  shit crazy..
  just thought maybe we was better then that :(
 Some of these niggas and their rap names need to 
  I didn't think of the song till afterwards brah...lmao
  my nigga
 Cuzo  this my boy I was telling u bout  ....gotta hear him spit
 U give a nigga enough rope they will hang they damn self
 She so cool give me head while her sades on...
  gotta ask for I follow somebody I'm not pose to brah 
  my nigga who us  :)...lol
  ---follow my nigga yo!!
  u following them boys?...
 RT   mia would lose her damn mind if you put that plate in fronta her lmfao thats (cont) 
 Idk wtf that is
  mia...lmao
   my nigga idk lmao
  Hell yea my boy go follow the team they follow back    
  some ole country club ass shit....
 Another day......just cause the day not prefect don't mean it don't have purpose .....goodmorning
  Congrats boo!!...
  I bet.....somebody lucky :/ lol
  that shit took you name.out my nig I put it in doe no bullshit
  gettin the mood right!!...lol
 RT  Aww yeaaaa ------>  !!..
 We had a sick night bicthes!!..
 
       and gee and dab love these nigs we all we got
 Them mountains blue time to drink
 At work riding on the golf cart listen to music tring to clear my mind
  i follow you and don't even tweet u I have to do better then that smh...
  yea fuck it...lol
  fuck them I'm tuff...lol
  my nigga I only had one extra idk wat bro did
 Wats wrng with being drunk all the time??
  idk just something that as to happen its the way of the world...lol nothing big
 Wats the world coming to when females don't to good to send naked pics....shit crazy smh..
  lol no prob just let me know when u go down there if they let u tweet...lol
  when can I get tatted up??
  I got cha on the bail money!!...
 RT  Bitchzilla-
  AW gboro ain't that bad...lol
  yep yep anytime homie...lol
  lookin all grown up and doing ya thing..:)
  ya smile made my day
  you go girl!!...
 RT  Don't wanna break down, just wanna break thru!
 RT  RT  I hope today sucks for you  -- damn 
 I need a new train of thought
  nva slack on ya profile pics :)
  I feel that I be on the samething mo more spades games?..
  stranger where ya been??...
  goodmorning :)
  you know it...lol
  anytime
  my nigga  made a bed at work
  be safe on the way back hun
 RT  Feeling AMAZING this morning... glory be to God for that of course :):)
 RT   b eazy was in the building-
 RT   tweeting while he's hittin' it from the back. lmao.-lmao 
  Hell no
  AW I'm sorry 
  don't be mad put a smile on...
 RT  " RT   > hope that nigga throw up at work lee" damn wrd up lol-lmao that's f'up
 Hung all the way over .....
 RT  & i wake to lame ass trending topics.
  looking mighty good in that profile pic hun
  ou got it doe my nigga
 RT  I'm tryna play in the NBA ya digggg-you got it my nigga
  lol I'm just saying....
  could really use latenight snack ;) lol
  this nigga name dre Cuzo he crazy he got a freestyle on my Facebook wall check it out
  Cuzo I got somebody u may wanna hear my nigga
 RT  looking at part 5 pics and it def went down     shit...lol
  lol I feel u
  lol he wanted to come up here and see u
 RT  Y niggas swear they can rap? Ugh stfu
 Wish it would rain like this all night
 RT  Wow!   
  
 RT  My Grandma need to gone head with this red hot spicy Jelly I can't make no PB&J wit (cont) 
 So everybody rappers now...smdh
  somebody ask.bout u... :)...lol
 Ass so fat I need a lap dance.....
  I see you in ya red ;)...lol
  lol nva mind I'm tripping
   I told u to take me.with you to eat or bring me.something lol!!!...pronto
 RT  In the perfect world women would serve me naked
  brah a whole mother level shit so bad now
  Hell me either brah...lol they suck
  Cuzo have u heard ya self yet?
 RT  I LOVE HORNY PPL! Horny is GOOD. Unhorny=BAD.-
  lol they not mean just country as Hell ....but it is a boring place when u going back?
  morning...
 All women love a man that can cook!!..
 Goodmorning world!!!.....
  so how are you enjoying Winston?...everything still good with cha
 RT  Just woke up...ready to go right back to sleep...
  kool
  did you get to add me?
  try twicca
 My nigga  on that  and that rainbow 6
  goodmorning to ya!!..
 Yall go follow the girl  cute and she make ya tl POP!!!...
  that's kool just add me
  on the phone?...
  you get that dm?
  o ok nva mind :(...lol
 RT  My nigga standing in the drivethrew!!  hard...lmao!!!!!
  you don't look at ya dms do ya?...
  bout to dm you my new number...
  u killed dat damn...:)
  damn...
  tango...
  naw keep rockin
  told u I 
  who wanna be ya bf tho???.....
 RT  A REAL woman acts like a lady, thinks like a man, & fucks (him) like a hoe.
  guess that's a no...
 Step ya money up and all that!!...
  at least u real about it...
 Yea I'm a bit reckless sometimes shit who not doe..lol
  I'm just waiting on you...
  aye get it in then I'm not mad at cha
  that shouldn't be hard for you at all!!!..
  lol u can't sleep with it like that hun....
 Real shit doe
  o ok they I Still got cha...lol
  man's best friend lol...very beautiful to look at..lol
  y the struggle??...
 RT  Pussy throbbin whew--beautiful!!!...
  u should have rims me earlier to come....I'm on the way now...lol
 Step ya pussy up and all that!!...
  Im sure u get that a lot doe...
  lol I be on shit like that...tho women love it!!...
 RT  I said i wasnt drinkn again *Shrugs*-fuck it u only live once
  my nigga u on ya 3rd shift shit?
  u remember wat I'm talking bout??..lol
  yea I feel that they make the shit look so good...lol
  where do I put in a app??...lol
 Addicted to naked pics...
 RT  Real Niggas Fuck wit Me & IDGAF who dont
 RT  - i wanna have sex in the bathtub with candles lit on the sink and shit : )-grown women shit
 RT  - sex is the one thing that takes my mind of alot of things and it releases stress o_P !
  def don't mind doing that..lol
  u Eva get at fix u needed?..lol
 RT  my timeline is dryer than Gucci's lips right now...
  I hit u back
  its in a dm
  my bad but I replied back...
  profile pic is amazing..had to get that off my chest...lol
 RT  RT  i  wanna get to know more of my followers !
  gone head and get that handled ....lol
  trust me I feel ya lol ;)
  early morning thoughts I see :)...lol
  just need a nice foot massage would put u back right homie
 RT  I wanna have like angry make-up sex .
 RT  JUST RETWEET THIS TWEET, TO GET 300 NEW FOLLOWERS IN 1 MIN!!! ███  ███
  thanks hun ill check it out!!...
 RT  This new Twitter app is a lot better-for Droid??...
 Stop now make that motherfucker hammer time!!....(hits dougie)
  so did u think bout that or u fa got bout me?...lol
  its going ok right now thanks for asking
  everything good wit cha boo??
  shit was crack bro....
  I don't think nobody fuckin with me and my nigga  in rainbow 6 2
  o I was bout to be very sad...:(
  was that last tweet for me??.....
  :(....lol
 Lot of my followers sleepy as Hell today....
 RT  Omw 2 Mcdonalds  head bring me a lil something by the job!...lol
  let me hold bout 1000 till nxt week baller.....
  awww that's so cute give her a hug for me...:)
  up mighty early ain't cha??...
  goodmorning..:)
  but are u listening to me doe?..lol
  lol I.mean if the shoe fit...lol...
  you said that last time and ain't heard from.ya.since....:(...lol
  I don't believe it...lol
  I'm just saying give somebody else a chance...lol
 RT  just grabbed another Twitter app !
  I know so!!!...;)....
  can't give up on blacks yet!!!...lol
 RT   Criminal Minds ( ;
 RT  RT  ii be wantin to delete my twitter sometimes *smfh *
 RT  RETWEET -IF- YOU'RE 18,19,20,21,22,23,24,25.(FOLLOW ME, ILL FOLLOW YOU)
  morning!!...;)
 RT  I'm up but still sleepy as shit lls
  ill send a txt to replace that ;)
 RT   
