 RT  Chevy Installs Green Zone Power Stations Nationwide: Chevy goes major on it push for electric car production by ... http:/ ...
 Great quote from older to younger generation! // The Tree Huggers Grow Up | Metropolis Magazine:  //
 RT  NEWS |  like  &  get  establish  programs 
  Green City Tweeters!       // Add to my list!
 RT   101: the world's first  Platinum skyscraper! It can be done folks  via   ...
 RT  A  environmental planning committee meets tonight to discuss the 2007   ...
 Look at what  is doing!  RT   
 RT  BREAKING...  announces 32 new  stations: 
 Free webinars!  GBCI365!       
 RT  Do you think there needs to be changes to  policy banning food and drinks on trains?  //  Allow water!
 RT  Waterfront Plan Work Group meets tomorrow 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. at City Hall. Want to get the scoop early? 
 RT  Madeleine Albright: Debt ceiling fight 'weakens our position as a moral example to the rest of the world'. . ...
  Wow! Hope she likes cottage style!
  Ewwww....1980's flashback.
  I do wish there was a major designer...mabye a major magazine contributor.
  Cathy, you need to go too!
 RT  2 thumbs up for that! RT  
 Loving Mark's attitude and confidence! 
 Sorry Doug...you don't have it...
 I don't know their names...but not digging the black guy. 
  The men have it.
  USGBC issues 1st  certf. 4 mlti-fmly res. apt. blg.  /  & SDC 
  Inspiration from San Fran?  What are they doing VS DC Metro?  
 Congrats!    Eugenia=  member of the year!
 Net Zero: Project Renovation seminar coming up!  Sounds fascinating!   
 Go  EV Charging stations! Everyone needs drugs & electrical fill up, right?!   
  Amos Lee – Mission Bell // Fantastic album!
 Keeping cool inside today? Turn down the air a bit, strip some clothing!
 New!           - Tks!
  - Green Urbanism shout outs!     
  Church stole your lyrics...and not in the good way.    Thanks for the hate church! 
 And the power isn't event for VA // RT  Dirty Distinction: Virginia 14th on Power Plant Pollution List 
 RT  If you don't build or retrofit to  you risk losing your tenants who mandate leasing space in green buildings: http:/ ...
 City says BRAC Mark Center move good for Alexandria .  / After $100 mil. for roads? & continued traffic? NOT good!
 RT  Okay we just wrapped up the LinkedIn chapter..26 screen shots. Book will be the Resource for Social Media in 2012!
 RT  Ugh. . // Even green needs a day off.
 RT  Board Approves Above-Ground Metro  At Dulles  // Big mistake. Isn't it less $$$ in long run for underground?
 RT  5 Tips for Creating, Promoting and Managing a LinkedIn Group  /via  // Tends to be forgotten!
 RT  Friends, networking, drinks, & food–it’s U.S. Green Building Council Midsummer Night’s Green & Awards of Excellence! h ...
 RT  Friends, networking, drinks, & food–it’s U.S. Green Building Council Midsummer Night’s Green & Awards of Excellence! h ...
  See everyone at the Capital event tomorrow evening at Kimball!
   Late?
 RT  From BIZNOW:  Congrats to Jeff and Ronald Abramson and the rest of the crew! 
  Please address air conditioning in car 1183!
 RT  .  Campaign Reaches Milestone in Effort to Phase Out Existing Coal-F… (cont) 
 RT  we need a new washer/dryer. I'm going with these 2.  // Good  rating right?!  
 RT  Meet “Green Development Zone” Buffalo, NY–RSVP     ...
 RT  Congrats to Turner Construction.  200th  project. 
 RT   certifies its 1st  PLATINUM multi-family apts. in    // Great job SDC! 
 RT   is the deadline for the Emergency Homeowners Loan Program  | 
 “ Wow, everyone right now has got 0 followers and 0 following ...would be a fun reset...” Back to 0.
 RT  um i could live in that closet. it's bigger than my house 
 LEED Certifies First Multi-Family Residential Apartments:  GREAT JOB SDC! 
  Certifies First Multi-Family Residential Apartments. PLATINUM    // Consultants … (cont) 
 RT  Governance & Accountability Institute Now GRI Partner for U.S.A.: Governance & Accountability Ins...  ...
 RT  Shaun Donovan of  American families spend 52% of their income on housing and transportation. 
 Great looking  conference! DC     
  Have you looked at the Alexandria Waterfront plan yet?
 Congrats  one step!   Go 
 Bus. Case for  Disclosure, Webinar!      
  Would love to Direct Message you with a couple questions!
  is moving their HQ to Rockville, MD.  They will pursue  certification. // Fantastic! We do LEED!
 Come on  lead the way!       
 RT  A little amused at how freaked out my FB friends are about the new chat sidebar. Relax, you never talked to the rest of  ...
 Recycling Roads On The Spot! 
 Hi  I saw on  that we are both friends with Jeremy Stewart so I thought I'd say hello! ( Nellie's Sports Bar)
 Hi  I saw on  that we share 14 twitter friends so I thought I'd say hello! ( Dupont Circle)
 RT  . House votes to increase funding for fossil fuels and nuclear  // UGH.
 RT  You know what sucks? Diet Barq's root beer. // And sugar free Hershey's syrup.
 RT  Looking for a restaurant job? We're hiring!  FYI: We are the *most booked* US place on OpenTabl ...
 RT   enviro  poet  bike racing  science  art  global  
 RT  Thanks  for spreading the word in the DC area! You are our favorite  web producer!
 Appraisals valuing green features...       
 RT  Roof Color and Its Effect on t… 
 More new!            
 Thanks new followers!           
  Wow, busy week! Topic=My Local Areas Going Green     
 Vinyl 2010′s Josef Ertl on Sustainability in PVC industry· Environmental Leader: 
 Green Jobs Can Bring Home Bigger Paychecks, Brookings Report Finds   Bringing in green companies?
 RT  Green Jobs Can Bring Home Bigger Paychecks, Brookings Report     // If there's training!
 Suggestions for great   suppliers & installers in Washington DC?   
 Been seeing more   in the area, especially  va!
  Joining Twitter?
 RT  WalMart has implemented environmentally friendly practices. Why? It SAVES them money. They're not an altruistic company. 
 Free info session    Thursday!    
 RT  Reduce your  by supporting local businesses. 
 RT  A  can't be green wo/addressing human behavior says HOK's Leigh Stringer. Carnegie Council pdcast+transcript h ...
   Great initiative for the Better Buildings Challenge!  Great possibilities under the new LEED EB volume program!
 Go  The challenge partners announced yesterday have made commitments including a pledge by Len… (cont) 
  Great topic! Corporate Social Responsibility...how do you keep your business goals in check with social awareness?
 Nothing like  as a midday break! 
 Go  (Home state)  library!    
 Re-imagined school yards! Fantastic topic for topic! 
  We need more green shows! Designers embracing it!     Pop-ups with green story?
 RT  Nuclear power is fine—it’s corporate power that’s dangerous: 
 Thanks to new followers!         
  Fix your closed captioning!!!
 RT  The Pope's got a new ride and it's a hybrid!  // The Pope is a green pope! 
 RT  D.C. Council will vote next week to continue Gray personnel investigation thru summer. Still trying to enforce subpoena ...
 Had a great lunch with  . Fantastic woman!  
 When Do Consumers Say "No" to Green? - 
  I'm pretty sure Facebook is down..  // Part of their new announcement?
 RT  Details on the  Town Hall from the  blog: 
 Are you greenwashed?   
 Structural Thermal Breaks for Steel Framing 
 RT   Like most summer days, partly sunny with a 30% chance of rain. In other words, forecast = totally worthless.
  DC Event!         I'll be moderating!
 Looks like a great conference!  
 Does  or  belong in the same sentence as  
   Haven't seen green initiatives in DC clubs. What's up with your EcoSteps?
 Why haven't  embraced   strategies?
 RT  Nice to see  deliver  - Kohl's Reports 30% Energy Savings Through  Vol Program  ...
 RT  HUD to give away $1 billion to struggling homeowners
 RT  The Alexandria Creative Weekly is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    ...
 What's more green than no shoes day at work!  
 Do you know about  VA's new urbanisim?     
  repaved King St. which covered up historic brick paving. Aren't we trying to have MORE perviou… (cont) 
  already?!?!     Keeping up with property management companies and their footsteps into 
 RT  Is  really the gold standard for efficiency? // But it has been a successful starting point along with 
  new purchase in Rockville is great time to do LEED O+M! 
 RT  Dear Twitterverse: Who is your favorite, most creative, and affordable web designer?// 
 RT  Union Station is having a "'plug-in' ceremony" to christen the new electric vehicle charging stations today.  ...
 RT  New IMF managing director Christine Lagarde to bike commute in Washington DC. Welcome to the club! via  h ...
 I work with  sometimes.  We all need help sometimes, right?! 
 Pretty cool shower       No wiring needed! Color indicates temperature!
 RT  Come in this Wednesday to ReBuild Warehouse and save from 20% to 30% on item marked with Green and yellow dots.
 RT  Small Business Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    
 You should see what I am cooking up for the  Forum on July 12th!!!!    Think Global!
 RT  Heading to DC now to show off  at the EBOM Volume program kickoff mtg   // Fantastic!
  DC Global Sustainability Forum!   Sign up!    
 RT  RT   fans: Next week is huge: Venus and Serena on July 5th and July 7th, respectively.
  to work doesn't get easier...why not!?
   Seems too much for a " to do. Way too complicated.
 RT  Sol Vista is Proudly Made in DC. Check out their site, which features DC Metro startup companies like us:  ...
 Anyone participating?           -GSA Small Business Greenhouse Gas emissions pilot
   Why the long process?  There are hundreds of items to review to do the process? Small businesses don… (cont) 
 RT  Last chance to join the  Small Business  emissions pilot! // ANYONE APPLYING? WHAT A LONG DRAWN OUT MESS!
     So  EB volume is only applicable to least a 25 building portfolio?
 Carbon footprint & commercial developer. Great article!     
 "Green" fire extinguisher... via 
 RT   launches  volume program for operations and maintenance  
 Ideas for best  provider?
 Federal Agencies Partner to Revitalize Urban Waterways!    
 RT  Food, Inc.: A Film Screening - 
 RT  yeah! CA next? RT  Google driverless cars are now street-legal in Nevada: popte.ch/kzX8h7  // WOW!
 RT   - Now your up against Moo Thru - who the heck are they??   ...
 RT  Awesome Utahans taking back their Senate seat. Headed to the NRSC!     
 RT  City Council OKs New Development at Yates Corner  // Hopefully citizen input in it's design!
 RT  DC's Anacostia Library - the future of public library design and  silver:     ...
 Thanks to my latest followers!        
 RT  Building a  certified home? Here are tools to help you get started:      ...
  Great leaders their area!       
 Green your housing portfolio O+M!  Training!     
 RT  Just How Much Rainwater Can You Collect Off Your Roof?  // Excellent!  
 Great chart comparing lighting benefits ! LED VS Incan. VS. Fluorescent!   
 RT  Interesting: Report says Green buildings can contribute to poor   … (cont) 
 RT   Millennials would rather donate time than money (at least to start) -  // ME TOO!
 RT  We currently have two projects being designed to meet the USGBC LEED Silver certification requirements. / / FANTASTIC!
 RT  Act Fast: Obama launches foreclosure relief initiative for the unemployed. 
 A client wanted an electric company van...recommended the  Transit Connect Electric!   
 Home efficiency $ for VA!         
 "By end of 2011  projects will represent 25% of new construction and 1% of existing buildings. -Doug Gatl… (cont) 
 DCmud - The Urban Real Estate Digest of Washington DC:  via 
 RT  The real opportunity is in improving the environmental performance of existing buildings   ...
 Yeah!   on next!!
 Thanks for the follow!    
  Want to Smell Like BBQ?-Del Ray  // What an SUP process that was!   
 CO2 emissions climb to all-time high 
 RT  RT  If you are going to offer lifetime warranties, you better carry quality products!  
 Sad to hear about the closing of Ready Made...contributed greatly to resurgence of DIY spirit. Thanks,  LOVED THAT MAGAZINE!
   See me at   about  new urbanism! 1 of 3 videos! 
 See me at   about  new urbanism! 1 of 3 videos!   
    Pilot Credit 43  Bullet points please?!  Confused... 
  What's new with your environmental efforts?
  Great sustainability consultants, besides myself of course!     
 Solar energy legislation has been signed into law!      
 RT  I like the city that came in at  Best Cities to Live In & Raise a Family - Parenting.com 
 RT  New York is one vote away from legalizing same-sex marriage 
 And more new followers!      
 Bank of America, New Energy Efficiency Finance   Let's hope not too much red tape!    
 RT  I like days when contractors provide all the information they can, makes my life easier as a  consultant.
 Just registered for   DC Summer Solstice event  US Botanical Gardens. Will you be there?  
 RT  What you must do to win the Presidency: be honest with the people. Be frank, be forthright, know your stuff and step up ...
 “ The hardest part about watching the  was casting it with the current Saturday Night Live lineup.” Oh Tina Fey?!?!
 RT  I don't need to watch the debate because everybody else I know is tweeting them. I think this only happens in DC
 RT  Love! RT  BLAHG'D: THEY'RE BAAACK!: DESIGN STAR PREMIERES JULY 11TH: Ok, fine. You fucking win, HGTV htt ...
 “ Landscape irrigation in the U.S. uses almost 7B gallons a day. Be smart with your watering: ”. Xeriscape!!!
 “ I need to really transition away from ppt." What else is there?! New technology needed!!
 Better Buildings Initiative to start new energy efficient jobs?       
 RT  RT  "Percentage of  bldg projects has jumped from 25 to 75%" for Morgan-Keller w/ 8  projects in MD http:/ ...
 What are  schools doings for sustainability?  And this is 3 years old, much more progressive now! 
 RT  Serious Materials Changes Company Name to Serious Energy  via 
 Great overview of  for   Thanks      
 Read Sustainable Guru Daily ▸ today's top stories via    ▸ 
 Hotels redesign lobbies to mimic Starbucks // Can we be original please?? 
 D.C.'s apartment market headed for a crash?//Instead of build for potential, can we build for alternative  
 50 New Digital Media Resources You May Have Missed: 
 Go LEED EB for helping with increased tenant rates!  
  Address power lines falling down near 1707 Dewitt Ave. Alexandria VA Hanging 72" from sidewalk! 
 Another product certification?      
 RT  EcoFriendlyBuilder Certified Homes Yield a Price Premium    // But do they sell faster?
  Wipe the sweat off of my face!
  Govt>Stay out! Have carmakers prove batteries aren't a fire risk and spend $8.75 mil. dollars!!! 
 Govt>Stay out! Have carmakers prove aren't a risk and spend $8.75 mil. dollars!!!     (cont) 
 What do you think? "Many customers now insist on  Said Michael: It is totally a demand-driven phenomenon.”
  Those who respond to inquiries!         
 CO2 emissions climb to all-time high 
 R  Do you have back up data you can release?  labels do not command greater rents. RE 
 RT  saw a hair dryer with an "eco" setting...s  // Isn't the "eco" setting shaking your heard?! Ha!
  Thanks! I emailed them as well as the property manager!
 RT   labels do not command greater rents. // Have data? Would love to see!   
 RT  100 degrees for the JDRF games today! YIKES!!  drink LOTS of water !!!!  // Have fun!!!
 Anyone use   What's your experience? Office chatter? Good Internal communication app?    
 RT  RT  Realities of  and measurable energy performance  
 CIMS GREEN BUILDING certf. / Anyone  or  company in DC certified under program?   
 Wow!  major source of content! 
 Learning more about reducing a company's  via virtual conference.!
 RT  First Take:...Is iCloud Green? and More...  // 1 controlled large server ce… (cont) 
  Is there someone who I can contact about just installing some bike racks now???
 Attending  Virtual Conference today! Greening Existing Buildings!      
 RT  Only 3 weeks left to eat at Food Matters....  // SUCH A GREAT RESTAURANT TO BE LOSING!
 As sustainability & environmental consultants, what  do you read?    
 Tired of glass box office  in   anything else up your sleeves? Getting bored.
 Boss " needs to create more jobs" Isn't that what companies are for?   & for us to live frugally?
 RT  RT  Glad this weenie story is over .... journalism about Sarah Palin. // too funny // Tina Fey, you busy???
 RT   There are a few pilot projects for the NC version. I saw, but no guidelines yet.
  VA needing $2 million more to restore 4 Mile Run to a natural state.   
 Patriotism at Alexandria City Hall   Alexandria City Hall 
 RT  Don't miss the latest from the Mt. Vernon Sierra Club! 
 Inefficiency costs  avg. school approx. $100,000 a year     Look at   Alexandria VA schools!
 Just realized yesterday Potomac Yards in  doesn't have bike racks.     
 RT  A few local projects built w/out a mandated PLA: Wilson Bridge; Pentagon renovation; FedEx Field. Are you listening M ...
 RT    is coming through  on Wednesday. Be prepared!
  Have you seen any documentation or previews of the Volume program?
      No account for < H20 for    
 Anyone seen preliminary of  EB Volume program?         
  Keep an "eye" on  proposed plans for new  plans? Alexandria has new one; but not sustainable for rising waters.
 RT  preparing a green houskeeping plan for a Library!  - Sounds like last Friday for me! Go  EB!
 Winter  Parents 
 RT  "Top Chef" star Carla Hall has just arrived at the Taste of 
 RT  The Alexandria Creative Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via  
 RT  Your digital relationships are going to become even more key to your business success in 2012 and beyond!
 RT  RT  Eat Local: Market Square food carts in Old Town Alexandria 
 RT  USGBC-NCR Awards of Excellence Entires DUE TODAY! 
 RT  Shop  Alexandria at Green-Way on the Highway  Woodlawn Plantation, Sun, 6/5, 12-4PM. 
 RT  Looking for brunch in Boston? Check out Certified Green Restaurant® The Fireplace! 
 RT  Green Is The Smart Way To Build is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    ...
 What are your thoughts?   CIMS-Green Building Criteria   
 Attending International Club of DC event tonight at the Embassy Row Hilton. Hopefully great weather stays! 
 Putting together sustainable purchasing policies today! 
  Developers/building mang. in  doing great       Have others?
 Website for commercial glazing comparisons anyone? Thermal VS VLT VS $?  
 Great chart for adhesives in relation to     
 Great website for a collection of green building blogs!   
 Who's going to the   MidSummer Night's Green?    DC's  building awards event!
 RT   congrats to the Crosby Street Hotel!   cert  officially made it the  in  . ...
 RT   - Great for convention and tourists associations to market!
 Looking for a website comparing different types of building glazing  characteristics...thoughts?    
 Great website for comparing your CO2 emissions!  
  1st Thursday this week! Readying a flier about  friendly pet practices.    
   Hey, hey, hey! Nice ride to work today! No passport required to bike!!
 "RT  Started working on my first LEED project nice!" Use your resources! LEEDUser, Buildinggreen.com, etc! You'll need them!
 Use  to keep track of all things green in Alexandria VA!
 I'm the speaker at Arlington Green Drinks! June 16th, Bus Boys & Poets,Shirlington!   
 RT  TONIGHT - Meeting on Potomac Yards Park  improvements, 7 pm, 2401 Potomac Ave.
 Thanks to my new followers!        
 "...hotel to offer      Zipcar needed in Alexandria! 
 Why shouldn't gas stations be "designed"? It is architecture and there's plenty!   
 I want this in my backyard...if I had a backyard!   
 Anyone seen a public comment or preview document of  EB Volume?       
 "Net-Zero building in Vermont: Putney School a Model for Sustainability:       Great story!
 Does your city have a "GreenVentory?" Alexandria does!    
 Workers "LEED" rights?   
 A Citizen's Guide to (LEED for)  Development |    Looks like good info! 
 RT  What are your comments to the proposed changes for the  EBOM 2012 Version?  Wonder it's release!?
 Having fund reviewing sustainable  design specs!   
 Should Alexandria VA have another Eco-Friendly Restaurant Expo?     
 Great building reuse story!     
 RT  The real opportunity is in improving the environmental performance of existing buildings   ...
 Coming to Alexandria, VA? Look at the Eco-City's efforts...and more coming! 
 Keep a street historic with retailers?      
 RT  If you have some time today, be sure to fill out the  Citizens Association neighborhood survey: 
 RT  Recycling for all the Right Returns - www.RestaurantsRecycle.com   
 “ Are you kidding me?  Chipotle is doing breakfast now?  Insane!”. Just add eggs!
 RT  The Burden of BRAC: An Interview with Bill Euille: The second part of a continuing series of intervi... . ...
 So much negative impact...how did this happen?  BRAC   
 RT  our  workspace in  Region 2 has bike racks on each renovated floor - happy to celebrate  Day!
 "Did you also know that there are LEED certified homes and businesses..."    
   Great! "Real estate firm takes sustainable focus to heart - Boston Business Journal: Workplace: ... 
 Just added myself to the  twitter directory under:       
  Urban Sustainable Development!        
 RT  Interesting LEED EBOM and tenant engagement discussion; how can occupiers contribute to green existing buildings: ht ...
 Heading out to GreenScene!  
 New Age? Nobel laureates campaign for sustainable development
 RT  Check out our new  &  home in     
  "Any new or way awesome products we  should consider spec-ing?" Just great energy saving lighting! The biggest energy item!
 Another round of thanks to latest followers!      
 RT  Reminder! Green Scene this Thursday 
 RT  I'm moderating a live chat w/ the  tonight. Going to ask them about   & more! http ...
 RT  Update  RT  Senate Caves to Big Oil Pressure; Decides Against Cutting Industry Tax Breaks . ...
 Thorough presentation on light sources and green impacts!   
     Support funding for Commercial Buildings Energy Consumption Survey!  
 ASHRAE needs funding!  To move forward, we need to know where we're at!    
 RT  RT  Look who stopped by! Jim Bob & Michelle Duggar from  19 Kids and Counting! 
  Please report! What's going on?? Killing sea lions?! 
  What's going on?? Killing sea lions?! 
  What's going on?? Killing sea lions?! 
 RT  Speaking tomorrow at Prince Georges County   Womens Conference.  Book Signing too! Stop by and say  ...
 Call and be a voice! Feds Authorize Killing Of Sea Lions huff.to/lWQ684. (800) 720-ODFW
 Feds Authorize Killing Of Sea Lions . THIS IS WAY OUT OF LINE!  Celebrities we need your voice here!
 Feds Authorize Killing Of Sea Lions . THIS IS WAY OUT OF LINE!  Celebrities we need your voice here!
 Thanks for the latest follows!      
 RT  Cool virtual tour of  Washington  Platinum HQ.  via MNN.
  already? Washington DC Energy Alternative coalitions!      
 RT  RT  “ Aging skyscrapers a rich vein for  EB projects  ”
 I love Pulse on my Android phone! Check it out.  
 Maryland goes MORE green by adopting the ICG!    
 "RT  The real opportunity is in improving the environmental performance of existing building… (cont) 
 RT  Cool Job:  Outreach Coordinator - George Mason University - Fairfax, VA    ...
 "RT  Building Green Without LEED       via   Helps in DC!
 Alexandria considers parking around Mark Center. What a mess to begin with.  
 RT  RT   My house is not insulated. What are the best ways to add wall insulation? O… (cont) 
 RT  Please come vote in our  poll, and check out our redesigned website! 
 Going green can bring green. Show me the data to prove to others!  
 Bag fee passes in Montgomery County. I think this belongs in Alexandria!   
 Pepco pressed to clean Anacostia River 
 Higher oil rates mean lower energy prices? Huh?   
 Pepco cuts rates. Higher oil means lower rates?  
 RT  You tell 'em! RT   could use a little less House Hunters and more DG, Pure Design & Sarah's House.
 "Global E-Waste Program Gets EPA Support " We need proper e-waste recycling!
  Need LEED?    My Favorite SDC    
  First Thursday in Del Ray!
   I met the marketing guy!  Sounds like you guys have a great thing going!
 How does better public transportation get funded in Alexandria?
 Enjoying a beautiful Alexandria Earth Day celebration! 
  Come say hi. I'm on the EPC!!  Bobby
 Can't wait for Alexandria's Earth Day Celebration tomorrow!!! Ben Brenman Park off Duke St!   
 “ we are testing three different croissant recipes right now- for our new season of MarthaBakes” How about Gluten Free items?
 OMG! I'll have to do a Follow Saturday!!
 An Electric Trike In The Trunk Makes For The Ultimate Hybrid Eco-Car . Innovative!!!
 Lend To Carbon-Cutting Entrepreneurs With Kiva's New Green Loan Program 
 The Waterless City . Cut the water and make people reduce?
 RT  Building a Greener Tomorrow: USGBC's Kimberly Lewis on our passion for doing what is right   
 RT  Don't forget the first First Thursday of 2011 is coming up on May 5. The theme is health and wellness. 
 RT  Did You Know? A steel mill which uses recycled scrap reduces water pollution, air pollution, and mining wastes by a ...
 Thanks to my latest followers! I hope to learn something from you!     
 And thanks to my other new followers!   
  My newest California energy related followers!  
 “ Virginians are concerned about the environment ”  Close getting Climate Action Plan passed
  Close getting Climate Action Plan passed!      
 “ How does one fall asleep when their mind is heavy?”Let me know when you discover it!
 “ Someone name a good song to get this crap outta my head!” Norah Jones!
 RT  10,000 students take to DC streets calling for action on climate and BP  
 Check out this SlideShare presentation : green building technology 
 No  Alternative renewable energy is needed. Move on.  
 Enjoying Lincoln Park
 RT  Great Trees, Great Prices and Great for Alexandria! 
 RT  95% of hiring managers use LinkedIn to find and evaluate new candidates  via 
 Is Your City Ready for Electric Cars? 
 Will have to check it out! Open-sourced blueprints for civilization  
 Green enough? 
 Reminder!  events! Washington DC This Weekend!     
 RT  Environ hero Ray Anderson on Republicans,  and  in an exclusive interview with me  ...
 Thanks to latest followers!      
  = Keep up w/ green govt. & business!      
 Go vertical for a garden!  via 
 The injustice of economy class 
 New Study Finds Solar Panels Are "Contagious" 
 Come to Alexandria Chamber of Commerce BAH this Thursday! Hotel Monaco.  Focus on Green Business Practices! 
 RT  Maryland, USA could be on the verge of an Offshore Wind Revolution -- help push 'em over?   Go 
 RT  Just got PR about P&G "Future Friendly" partnership w/ NatGeo. This is sad as toxic products, wonder which "green" blo ...
 RT  The Alexandria Creative Daily is out! 
 RT  Social Business & Creatives Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via  Great Blog!
  you should see what Alexandria, VA schools are doing!  
 RT  Great Lee Dems event, thanks  for help walking today, now for walking data entry, Port City Beer and a bi ...
 RT  mmmm, soft… Our natural pillows are covered in organic cotton. 
 RT  NEW Season of "Curb Appeal: The Block" Starts Tonight 8:30/7:30c
 And thanks to my newest followers!       Learn from each other!
  Green design online magazines!      
 Know what  schools are doing to save the tax money & earth? Incredible stuff!   
 RT  IKEA to start rating products with eco-scorecard, plans to increase stock of sustainable goods 
  Or "Friends" episodes!
 RT " My life's stories revolve around songs. Nothing beats the emotion great works of art provoke." Me too!
 RT  Come see me speak about utilizing social media this Sat 4/2  at the  conference   ...
 Thks 2 new followers!       
 RT  Just posted photos of our new Red Carpet Collection, InterfaceFLOR's new definition of luxury for the commercial spac ...
 Why do residential designers not "get" the importance of moving away from incandescent light bulbs?!
 Talking about green leases! Good topic!      
  Thanks for the follow! Stay safe!
  Thanks for the follow!!
 What can CROGS do?  Lots!
 Pissed that water isn't free.
 I love Pulse on my iPhone! Check it out.  
 Small measures: eco-friendly ocean & waterway tips  Enjoy nature sustainably! 
 before & after: mirror made of rulers + telephone bench  
 When Do-Gooders Go Viral 
  Yup!! All gutted. Contact Jon Lastuvka  301-502-2561
 RT  How to Engage Employees in Sustainability · Environmental Management & Energy News · Environmental Leader  ...
 Need a great place to host an event? Try 1438 U St. NW, DC. Gutted, all white. Could be great green space!  
 TREEPODS: Carbon-Scrubbing Artificial Trees for Boston City Streets | Inhabitat - Green Design Will Save the World 
