 RT  Top 10 Takeaways from the Wine Bloggers Conference: Did you know that there are enough wine bloggers to hold an ... ...
 Wines & Vines - Wine Industry News Headlines - Domestic Wine Sales Up 9%  (from 
 RT  Thanks to our friends at Winery Patron for posting this interview with Mike Grgich. 
 Another week, another wacky batch of wine industry news from  - 
  - Congrats on the page views!
 RT  Corked, cooked, turned? How to tell if a wine is unacceptable..article by the   
  - We'll be up in Napa this weekend. Can we stop by for a run-through of your wines? Let us know. Sat. better than Sun.
  - Great fruit, spice on the 2007 Novy  Valley Syrah...A big one!
 The 'Zilla is heading to  this weekend to focus on Spring Mountain wineries. Send along any tips...
 RT  Happy National Scotch Day one and all! What dram will you be celebrating with? A few recommendations: 
 RT   checks his crystal ball to see how the 2011 vintage is progressing in California: 
 RT  Radiohead hint at full tour after success of 'surprise' Glastonbury set 
  - Speaking for myself, I seem to like SBs from Sonoma, with  among my favorites. Will be by soon to taste yours!
 If you missed it on Monday,  second  column for the 'Zilla - 
 Some good recommendations here - 20 world-class wines you should know, all $20 or less  via 
 Words of Wisdom by Eric  at last weekend's Wine Blogger's Conference - 
 Good interview with  guitarist John  - 
 Congrats! - 2011 Wine Blog Award Winners Announced - 
 RT  3.4-magnitude earthquake shakes Sonoma County
 In this week's  column,  considers two different wine bottle openers - 
 RT  Death Cab, Cut Copy, DFA 1979, Malkmus, Flying Lotus, Beach House, St. Vincent, Battles, More to Play Treasure Islan ...
 Noel Gallagher of Oasis returns -  via 
 RT  Want to go to Outside Lands? Check this out from  
 RT  Such desperately sad news re Amy Winehouse. Supreme natural talent, terrible self-destructive addictive personality. 
 RT  Write down everything you fear in life. Burn it. Pour herbal oil with a sweet scent on the ashes.
 Amy Winehouse dies mysteriously - 
 It's Friday ya'll!  Come and stay cool with a little wine and a little music.. 
 Interesting take from the  blog - Identifying Napa Valley Sauvignon Blanc: 
 D'OH!  - 
 A few news items from the 'Zilla this week -  - And if you're drinking on the hot U.S. east coast, plenty of water!
  terrific 2008  with  crab this past weekend in Rock Hall, MD...BYO wine...Great meal at 
 Howz about a little music and wine to round out your Friday and kick start your weekend ?! - 
 Dear LA: Corkzilla recommends staying home this weekend, with some wine...perhaps a lot of wine - 
 Friendly reminder abt  debut column for the 'Zilla -  - Jim will be back next week with his second post...
 Time to pop a cork, twist a screw cap, sit back and take in this week's wine industry news compiled by the 'Zilla - 
 The 'Zilla likes baseball & wine: 
 Fun time tasting  as well, as usual - Good deals on  and  to make space for the latest and greatest...
 First time at the new, expanded  location across the way from the old digs. Room to grow.
  midweek is a great time to taste. Hire the temp in the tasting room - she's terrific! :)
  for tasting...surprisingly good Bennett valley pinot at $30 price pt (less at stores I'd imagine)
 A few Sauvignon Blancs found at the table recently -    
 RT  Aromas of smoked tobacco, tanned leather and coconut oil.....
 Good article on an emerging Sonoma region - Bennett Valley winegrowers pull off a tricky balancing act  via 
 What's driving rise in music sales?  via  - Interesting development...
 Beautiful day in NYC. The 'Zilla wants to say congrats to  on 3K. He earned it in style today.
  - Doublecheck your tweets at the ballpark -  was what I was going for in an entry last evening. Part of a contest.
  selections for your  enjoyment -  - Have a great weekend everyone!
  - bill graham civic auditorium...sect 135, row 22, seat 19
  on the 'Zilla. Debut column looks at  and  gizmos - 
 Welcome Jim Louderback to the 'Zilla. His Wine Gear column debut is hot off the presses - 
 Wine industry news you can use, compiled by your friends at the 'Zilla - 
 Some random thoughts on the state of Syrah in CA - 
 KFC wine pairings....for those itchin' to know.
  - Price-performance ratio for the wine terrific as usual...
 Germany’s bizarro 2010 vintage  via 
 Check  this weekend, friends...Simulcast of the  shows on  and all the other good tunes emanating from 
 RT  high sierra, thank you for the sunshine, good times and quinoa & lentil meatloaf! here be tha setlist.  ...
 A double dose of America the Beautiful on this most patriotic of weekends -  - Be safe everyone!
 To be clear, the 'Zilla still has the  office...:)
 The 'Zilla is moving the HQ to  for two weeks...Hope to see you up there!
 RT  Ofter overlooked. Do yourself a favor and celebrate this 1973 Grateful Dead anniversary today.   ...
 For those in  -  Fri. Night Wine Tasting - 
 Some news to read as you pop that first bottle of the long Fourth weekend: 
 Cool tasting set up for Big Basin Vineyards  in Saratoga, CA. Check it out...Pouring some tremendous Syrahs at the moment.
 Pulled a  Lot 143 2007 Cab from Howell Mtn in Napa out of the wine cellar...Performing well for a young one...
 Great night of music at the  in SF last evening - The  Check out the vibe when they come to your town...
 It's Friday people! Howz about a little music and wine..?
  silver mtn vineyards Bordeaux blend in pacifica...nice way to end the day.
  - Stellar experience...Box arrived yesterday. Keep the deals coming! :)
 Good showing at the  Ridge tasting last evening - Solid Zin selections, a couple of newer vintages, and a 2006 
  east bench Zinfandel on fourth vintage showing strong red fruit
  tasting this evening in  - The mighty 
 Happy 70th birthday to  collaborator and songwriter  - 
  Argentina and Chile wine tasting at 
 Chilled Terra Robles (From  2009 Sauv Blanc on a nice night in the Bay Area...Not bad.
  for wine programs at  tonight at  Brewery in Petaluma, CA - 
 Summer is upon us...What will you be doing for the  tomorrow?
 Just submitted first  order for some  Oregon Pinot...Looking forward to seeing how it goes...
 RT  Live Winos. Argentina '92. Watch. 
  2009 cabernet sauvignon from  fine value bottle for your  needs
 Call your 
 Worthy burger at the  at the  in  accompanied by a lovely glass of 
 RIP Clarence...You were a giant.
  of  in  a common theme for the 'Zilla...Love the work they do...Keep it up!
 Unti 2006 Segromigno (92% Sangiovese, 4% Barbera, 4% Syrah)...Delicious with pasta dish tonight...More full-bodied than Tuscan versions...
 End of the week leaving you flat? Some wine and tunes to get you off the mat. It's Friday, people: 
 And let's not forget some wine recommendations from the  and  trip - 
 Some recent  wine coverage to highlight: Vines of -  Lujan -   Uco - 
 Deficit leaves   festival at risk | PressDemocrat.com 
 RT  Be a "Dead Head" & support  with these Grateful Dead inspired t-shirts  for only $20!
 Interesting thoughts on 2008 Napa Cabernets: The Chronicle recommends 
 RT  Very, very, very big and exciting happenings up at   
 RT  Just left  one yet. Ahhhhh so many stories to tell good times amazing music.Saw Dr John play Such a Night-Strok ...
 Oops.....
 Let's give our  pairing another whirl for the week... everyone had a great 
 Best wishes for a speedy recovery, Clarence! - AP Source: Saxophonist Clemons suffers stroke  via 
 Some Wine and Tunes Pairing instant classics...Apr. 8:  - Apr. 1:  - March 25: 
 Sunday: JT and Roussanne? Yes, please! Enjoy: 
 What's on tap or uncorked for the weekend, y'all? The 'Zilla is  after a long week...
 This week's news you can use in the wine industry...
 Good sounding clip from the Sat. show -- Furthur  Shoreline - "Jam/Fire On The Mountain/Not Fade Away " 
 RT  The most expensive bottle of Pinot Noir ever sold - 1945 Domaine de la Romanée-Conti Romanée-Conti for an eye-popping ...
  - Thanks for supporting the 'Zilla! More pairings to come!
 Now rocking a luscious  2007 Amber Ridge Vineyard Russian River Valley Pinot...
 Impressive wine roster on Sat. for pre-show BBQ:  Pinot,  Esprit de Beau and Roussanne, and an  Zin.
 RT  Furthur's Sept.-Oct. Western tour! Eugene, Missoula, West Valley City (UT), Red Rocks, LV, LA, Monterey. Go to www.furt ...
 Hope your weekend is a rockin' one. Our weekly pairing of wine and music - 
 Cherish the weekend! Embrace the weekend! Drink in the weekend! Listen to good music - 
 RT  The Hangover Part 2 is what I call "Tuesday".....
 Happy  everyone. What's on the beverage list for the weekend?
 RT  Argentina - "throughout Mendoza this could be a banner year." 2011 Southern Hemisphere Harvest Report: Wine Spectator ...
 RT    Yes, Pete & Ted still on board. Not only will quality not be lost, we'll have the resources  ...
 Just got my  tix for Sat. Who's going?
 RT  latest in the series of official live videos from  - Split Open and Melt, PNC Banks Arts Ctr, 6/1/11  ...
 File under Random: Captive audience on a flight recently. "Country Strong" movie has Ryan Adams/CR Brotherhood guitar player in it.
 Congrats to the Wine Road  folks on the launch of their iPhone app...
 Hot off the presses...This week's take on news in the wine industry: 
 RT  Check out this article in the June issue of  about how Superfly and  came to be 
 RT  Blake Gray's thoughts on our new releases: 
 Some memorable bottles from the  trip:  
 Better late than never...Droppin' some Dylan in celebration of his 70th: 
 Ciao Argentina! The 'Zilla will be back! Hasta pronto!
  final in  tomorrow...Should be fun with Messe in the mix...
 Delays in Argentina wine posts on the CORKZILLA site, my friends. Working through some technical difficulties...
 RIP Gil Scott-Heron
 RT  Good luck to all the Oregon wineries open for the big Memorial Weekend tasting walapalooza. 
 Be safe over the  weekend everyone! Drop us a line if you stumble upon an interesting libation...
 RT  The Remarkable Rise of Paso Robles 
 RT  RT  Wine Marketing: U.S. Consumer Direct Wine Sales Grow 12% to $3.4...  
  knows how to celebrate Argentina's independence...Good times
 RT  Thank you for all the birthday wishes. Thirty-nine years ago today, Tom and Sally Jordan purchased their first... http ...
  should take over the dessert world...Great with late harvest Malbec, BTW...
 RT  wine of the day was awesome 2007 Chateauneuf du Papes-Ferme du Mont-a young proprietor and new discovery from my la ...
 Another rainy day in BA...Fall is upon us in the Southern Hemisphere...Bring back the sun!!
 RT  Happy 70th birthday to Bob Dylan today. Revisit this fascinating interview w/ the author of 'Bob Dylan in America' http:// ...
 Hard to spend more than $8-$10 on  in the local supermarket in 
 Helping you through your wine week with a random tasting of TJ's pinots under $15 - 
 RT  Watch Tedeschi Trucks Band perform "Anyday" last night  
 Rain, thunder and lightning in  Where's the wine bar where I can hide for a bit?
 Check  in Palermo Hollywood in BA...Sommelier Santiago will treat you right...
 Booming day here in the BA...Some chillaxing in Palermo Viejo on tap for the rest of the afternoon.
 Oops...Last link was a photo teaser from the Uco. Here is is again: 
 
  - Will do, my man...Trying to keep up with it all :) Peace!
 Time to bring it, people. It's almost the weekend...What are you drinking? What will you be listening to? Some help - 
 An interesting take on wine enjoyment and regional promotion in  - 
 Crazy day in  winery architecture in this region is over the top...
  2007 Malbec/Cabernet Sauvignon blend from Alto Agrelo, Mendoza...Yummy. CS rounds out the Malbec fruit...
 Great trip to the  into the  ranch this afternoon. A terrific spot off the beaten path...
 Off to  tomorrow...Send along any last minute wine tips for the region...
 A wine whirlwind in 
 Marcus 2003 Gran Reserva pinot noir (Patagonia) from the Winery wine shop in  Arg pinot I've had. Luscious...
 Muahh the French!!
 Friday..wine..music...BAM! 
 RT  Gilmour and Waters to Reunite Tonight 
 Ruca Malen 2008 Malbec in  
 Paso coverage trickling out...Summary of  
 RT  Chatham Street Café To Host Free Wine Tasting Featuring Paso Robles, Benziger ...: “The Paso Robles Project Paso... ht ...
 RT  Enjoy photos from our Spring Celebration on our Facebook page: 
 RT  The  results will be announced at 11am on May 17th at the  , stand i10 and online.  
 Look for some chatter from  and  in the coming days...Should be a fun trip.
 RT  Use Lafite to pedal: How one man--my brother--cashed in on China's obsession with Chateau Lafite. 
 RT   erecting a monument in  made of hand carved stones from  and a fountain of ...
 Wine participants for GGP Music Festival - Outside Lands - August 12-14, 2011 : Music - Food - Wine - Art  via 
 Third time's a charm: Send along any  tips or  tips, particularly wine bars, off-the-radar bodegas
 RT  May 14, 2011 -- 5th annual Silverton Wine & Jazz Festival! Historic Silverton invites wine lovers to stroll the... h ...
 Bob Weir makes history with the Marin Symphony's first Grateful Dead concert - Marin Independent Journal 
 RT  2011 Anderson Valley Pinot Noir Festival: May 20-22, Philo, CA 
  in two days. Looking for some wine or music recommendations: 
 Bernard Madoff wine collection to be auctioned -  via 
 RT  On Mothers' Day, what many feel is the Grateful Dead mother of them all  
 RT  Mom Finally Drunk Enough To Put On Bathing Suit  
 To all the mothers out there...Happy Mother's Day! Cheers!
  
 RT  Paul barrere and freddy tackett acoustic..  Feats! ( Le Petit Theatre du Vieux Carre) [pic]: 
 RT  The funky Meters Galactic superfunkjam with Corey Glover! 
 RT  Well deserved! RT  Food Section of a General Interest Publication: San Francisco Chronicle, Jon Bonné & ...
 RT  Doodle done while doing interviews... 
 Jon Lester and Clay Buchholz uncorked -  (via 
 RT  "We're not having a gospel show, we're having church." - Irma Thomas  Jazzfest today
 Creeping toward wine-o-clock...Turn it up: 
 We'll be pouring some  this weekend in advance of the Argentina invasion. Anyone have any favorites?
 RT  Something happens in the new   that will make this a legendary show - pls watch- it's insane!!!!
 Invading Buenos Aires and Mendoza starting next week. Send along any tips: 
 Little slow with the wine industry news tidbits this week:  Enjoy!
 Cold beer at the new  cafe in  valley on a beautiful day...
 RT  Guide to Italian Wines - Part II - A look at Trentino and the Alto Adige:   
 RT  Hot Off the Press: France Is On Fire! If you are a French wine lover, we wanted to make sure you got this news!...  ...
 RT  Unreserved: Prowein 2011: Wine, chocolate and business, by Roger Voss by Guest Blogger: The great chocolate and ...  ...
 Cab it, people! Concord private eye detailed 'dirty DUI' stings  via 
  - A great time! See you next year!
 Yes, it's true. The CORKZILLA team is comprised of a Red Sox fan and Yankee fan. Percolating animosity may boil over after the third bottle.
 Very cool - Sonoma State Univ. Announces Partnership with Bordeaux School of Management -  via 
 RT  If you missed it,  Annual State of the Wine Industry Report playback: 
 Not to be missed: The Chris Robinson Brotherhood's tour of CA...Pulling into a venue near you...
 RT  Stern Grove 2011: Sharon Jones, Neko Case, Aaron Neville 
 RT  Amazon cut the price of song downloads to 69 cents as its stock surged past $200 a share today 
 RT  Hey District dwellers - enter the code FacebookDC and receive 15% off on tickets to Toast of the Town DC!  ...
 RT  Osama bin Laden has been buried at sea, CNN reports 
 Head spinning from a great weekend at  Paso. Wrapped it up at  site, beautiful wines.
  and  back to back...phew.
 Cold beer after a long afternoon of wine-tasting...perfect.
 Big Basin...sleeper in the Santa Cruz mtns...phenomenal syrah...
 Epoch pouring some very strong rhone blends  investigation at the finery tomorrow...
 Niner 2005 bootjack syrah...lengthy finish...Yummy
 Saxum...2006 Syrah is delish...3-4 yr waitlist for them with production upturn in 2010...
 Arrived at rhone ground zero in Paso - 
 RT  RT   - wow the first seminar fab! Here are notes:  < wow, overachiever :)
 RT  Have  great weekend! Stop by the park tomorrow for the peddler's faire and to see the vintage motorcycles and sideca ...
 RT  There are 18 crus in the Rhone Valley & 17 named Cote du Rhone Villages, + 78 more unnamed within general Cotes du Rhone ...
 'Zilla will be at the  Rhone Rendezvous tasting later today!
 Nice piece on Tablas Creek from the Terroirist: 
 RT  Super Staff Picks Under $20 Tasting this Friday 4/29  K&L RWC!  Taste all 8 wines for $5. 
 Psyched to head down to  tomorrow...
 RT  $5 Album: Sam Cooke Live at the Copa. Suggested if you like Wilson Pickett, Mary Wells, fun parties: 
 RT  Help us choose a cover for the 2012 F&W Wine Guide! Which do you prefer?     ...
 RT  Today's Sip: The best wines we tasted during the month of April 
 RT  . asked Trump if he will release his tax returns since Obama released his birth certificate: http:/ ...
 Our weekly Wine News Around the Web feature: 
  - Absolutely. Dry Creek is one of our favorites!
 'Zilla will be at the Hospice du Rhone this weekend. Drop us some tips and be on the look out for us: 
