 July 31st.......is the deadline to participate in the Pack a Backpack Campaign.  We are going to Hackleburg next... 
 The Pack a Backpack Campaign needs your support! A $ 25.00 tax deductible gift will supply a backpack filled with... 
 WSFA put Pack A Backpack as their lead story on their Home page! 
 WSFA "Alabama Live" show features the Pack a Backpack Campaign to help Alabama tornado victims.  
 Thank you Centerpoint for supporting Pack a Backpack during VBS! 
 Thank you Heritage Baptist VBS for supporting Pack a Backpack! 
 Thank you Sylvia for shopping for Pack a Backpack today! 
 Thank you WSFA for supporting the Pack a Backpack Campaign!  We were thrilled to be a guest of the Alabama Live... 
 A $40 tax deductible donation will Pack a Backpack!  Make checks payable to:  PCA with "Pack a Backpack" written... 
 I emailed WSFA last night about Pack a Backpack.  They called this morning to invite us to be on Alabama Live.  We... 
 Construction Paper Donations Needed......Packs of one solid color (for example, a pack of red construction paper).... 
 Please join me in praying for Hackleburg Elementary School.  The principal, Joan Baker, is amazing!  They are... 
 The Turtle Shell is also a drop off point for your donations!  Let's be a blessing to others! 
 Can you, your family, your Sunday School class... sponsor a backpack? Lots of back to school sales are starting... 
 "Pack a Backpack" provides AL tornado victims with school supplies.Our goal is 250 backpacks.Gifts are tax deductible www.Familiesforhim.com
 Received an email today from a church member that prayed for my family during the service....what a witness and an inspiration!
 Send us your photos of your family supporting the "Pack a Backpack" campaign to Familiesforhim
 Thanks Juliana for supporting the "Pack A Backpack" Campaign to help Alabama Tornado Victims! 
 Thanks Paige & Leah for supporting the "Pack A Backpack" Campaign to help Alabama Tornado Victims! 
 Thanks Joshua for supporting the "Pack A Backpack" Campaign to help Alabama Tornado Victims! 
 Thanks Emma for supporting the "Pack A Backpack" Campaign to help Alabama Tornado Victims! 
 Supplies are coming in for the Pack a Backpack campaign!  Spread the word........Can you email the flyer or share it with your FB friends?
 Pack-A-Back-Pack details 
 Here is the flyer with all the important details... 
 "Pack A Backpack" campaign...AL Tornado cleanup crew...Involve your children to nurture their compassion for others.  www.familiesforhim.com
 "Pack a Backpack" campaign is launching this weekend to assist AL tornado victims by giving children school supplies. www.familiesforhim.com
 "If you give a cup of cold water to one of these little ones.."(Matthew10:42)Reach out to the children of Alabama affected by the tornadoes.
 Alabama's tornadoes are an opportunity to love your neighbor,develop a servant's heart,give cheerfully,feel compassion and glorify the Lord.
 Life's tragedies are the Lord's way of bringing us closer to him.  Seek His face with your heart, soul and strength.  Rejoice in Him!
 Exercising with my children.....They are great accountability partners!  Fun, fellowship and fitness all at the same time!
 Family fellowship....winter storm....no school.....ready to cheer Auburn to a national championship...perfect......War Eagle!
 2011 Family Organizer...filled with scripture, tips & recipes....$ 23.56 shipped to you!  orders  Blessings this 2011!
 Encouragement...simple and powerful. Give a call, jot a note, shoot an 
 RT  Advent starts Sunday! Our fun Advent activity calendar is a great way to make Christ the center of Christmas celebra ...
 Happy Fall! Bake yummy Pumpkin Chocolate Chip muffins for your family. Give a basket of muffins to a special neighbor.www.familiesforhim.com
 Breakfast blues at your home?  Try breakfast smoothies with a homemade muffin.  Delicious and easy!
 Prayer walks are vital as we approach the school year. Cover your children and their school, faculty and peers with prayer as school begins.
 Jacob...9 yr. old drives car 20 miles on Interstate when mom has seizure.  .... 
 Table etiquette....Yes, please!  Follow my article at  
 Caleb's Colt by Jill Briscoe is an amazing children's book for Easter. 
 Friends....What would I be without them?
 RT  Being a Christian is more than just an instant conversion, it is a daily process where you grow to be more & more l ...
 RT  Worry is practical atheism. It is unbelief; acting like an orphan without a Heavenly Father who's made 6000 promises ...
 The Jelly Bean Prayer is a powerful witnessing tool this Easter.  Read my article at  
 Gymnastics....Great life skills....When you fall, get back on and do it again.  Never give up! 
 St. Patrick....Worthy of Celebrating!  History and ideas are waiting at  
 The laughter of a child is the light of the home......Embrace the laughter in your home!
 Candles with a perfect aroma.    These hand-poured candles are individually crafted by  Alabama artist, Kim Lyon.
 Lunchbox Ideas....Conquer Morning Madness!  Read this article at
 Texting.....The glue that connects all generations...Read the entire article 
 Girl time...Time with my daugher is precious.  Schedule a special "date"  with your children individually and make memories!
 Teach children to save.  Use the Crown Financial Ministry Savings Goal calculator.
 Gift of time...more valuable than gold.  I went on a fieldtrip with my twins today.  Fabulous! 
 "the Fruit of the Spirit is love,joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and... 
 Blessings......Look for them every day....the hug of a child, baptism of a niece, family dinner, beautiful day... 
 Wild Rice Chicken Casserole....the Perfect "Meal on Wheels"! Go to my website for the recipe!... 
 "There is never a wrong time to do the right thing."......I am going to write overdue thank you notes this weekend! 
 My son's coach has a new team theme:  "When excellence becomes tradition, greatness has no limits!"....This should be our family theme also!
 Science Fair Projects....Should this be illegal?
 Brrrr......Let it snow!!!  Invite your neighbors for hot chocolate tomorrow.  Leigh's Homemade Hot Chocolate... 
  Greetings from Alabama!  We are praying for snow.  Planning a sleepover for the cousins so that we can play. Hang in there!
 "Stitches....and God's Grace".  Teachable moments come when you least expect it.  Read the devotional at www.FamiliesForHim.com/blog.
 Families For Him....has gone international!  I now have a follower from Australia on Twitter!  It is great to live... 
 "He who pursues righteousness and love finds life, prosperity and honor." Proverbs 21:24.....God's plan for success!
 I posted 7 photos on Facebook in the album "2010 Family Organizer" 
 Cloudy winter days are perfect for focusing on your family.....Curl up on the sofa and watch a movie!  Give your kids lots of hugs today!
 Laundry.......I received a plaque this Christmas....."Laundry today or naked tomorrow!"  Do you have tips for not getting buried in laundry?
 "For I know the plans I have for you declares the Lord, plans to prosper you...to give you hope and a future." Jer.  29:11..Master-designed!
 Brrr......Winter came to Alabama.....Try one of my soup recipes listed in the 2010 Family Organizer. Recipes included to help with shopping!
 Morning chaos trying to get the kids dressed and ready for school? Ivy's tip:  Bathe children at night and let them sleep dressed!
 Recipes can be a saving grace when it comes to saving and spending time with U'r family. Try using recipes for one week and see. Cook ahead.
