  love all the support you give the our service men and women.
 Who are these jackasses posting on  they not have any respect for national security concerns    
 RT  New "Exclusive" Social Network. Brilliant.    
 RT  Chuck Norris' shout out for  "It could grow to be bigger than the Academy Awards." Amen! 
 Finally Man movies! RT  Actionfest Trailer (Looks freakin' awesome!)      
 RT  Got 30 seconds? Pick biggest  upset to enter, $2.5k to winner!  
 RT  Please RT:  Pick biggest  upset to enter, $2.5k to winner!  
 RT  Got 20 seconds? Pick Biggest  upset! Win $2.5K.   
 RT  Awesome "anti "  : Pick biggest   win 2.5k.  
 RT  Like picking  upsets for Cash? Try  Takes 30 secs to enter.  
 Just RT this if you think the   are going to beat Wofford 
 RT  Awesome "anti "  : Pick biggest   win 2.5k.  
 RT  Simple. Fun. Mad. Pick Biggest NCAA Opening Round upset to enter to win $2500.   
 RT  To follow/contribute to promoting  Google Fiber to  use hashtag  or follow 
 RT  The best and worst selling magazine covers of 2009 
 RT  Cool beans! RT  This guys awesome. Funny. Original.    
 What happens to ur social networks after u die:  
 RT  Lessons learned on road 2 10k followers     
 Poor Newman ain't gettin any love:  Polls show Walker / Barrett all tied up 
  ur comment?  report from the field: China co creating illegal logging presure due to demand.No lumber resource in US or South Am.
 Quit using  as a political op!
  Don't your shoe's not worth it!
 We R in FULL CRISIS MODE: RT  Can't fix deficit because of crisis?  Deficit is becoming a crisis.   
 RT  Quinnipiac poll: Marco Rubio climbs as Crist continues to fall    
 Tea Partiers shaking up races across country   
 RT  What does $800,000,000,000 in fed. stimulus spending buy Wisc? More lost jobs. Wisc/Minn Unempl gap biggest in 22 yrs ...
 RT  WE WILL TAKE YOUR RESIGNATION NOW, IF YOU'D LIKE     
 RT   Pay attention to the results in  The people are fed up. Paradigm has shifted. We're coming for your ...
  - u should listen to our next senator:  RT  I will be chatting with   at 8:35 tomorrow morning. 
 RT  Barney Frank tosses Coakley under bus before Tuesday’s election.    
 RT  The Voter Bomb, how many of your friends will join you tomorrow?   
 RT  Brown Victory Would Signal Second American Revolution   
 PL RT / Follow:  First BROWN, then WALL. Finally a tea party'er from Wisc that can whip Feingold:     
 RT  If you're interested in following him, the real estate developer running against Russ Feingold is  
 RT   More Americans Can Identify the Gosselins than the ‘Father of the Constitution’:.. 
 Brown +5 in multiple pulls. Hade the women and children, looks like I'm drinking all week 
  Pick a side WD Floor boy!  I bet you voted for perot!  Hasn't the left EARNED ur wrath like most of our tweeps frm North Wisc?
  I've got my eye on you hardwood floor man.  Since when did you support those dirty dems anyway!
 Awesome RT WHERE'S THE BEEF!  Feingold bullied, beat down and bludgeoned by pesky blue hair  
  Now u had 2 get me all lathered up with this tax cred buz.  Nothing.  Where u getting your information, son.  Nice floors.
  where'd you hear about the employee tax credits.  Need more info!
 Dismal: Only 17% Believe Health Control Will Actually Help    
 RT  This is pretty unbelievable. They say the Republicans have a race problem? I think not.   
 RT  NYTIMES: Unemployed + Underemployed = 17.3%.   
 RT   new ads defending  vote short on facts -    
 And how does Bill Clinton get a hall pass by suggesting Obama would be "getting them coffee"? Paging Al,Jesse and the CBC.
 THIS DAY IN HISTORY, 49 BC, Julius Caesar leads his army across the Rubicon River, plunging Rome into civil war
 Is Harry Reid a crossburning racist? Everyone else is. Does he get a pass since he's a dem?
 WATCH ACORN – PROTECT FREEDOM    
 RT  RT Obama diverts CIA to spy on ... polar bears!:      Obama diverts ...  ...
 Stay single!, For the moment you say "I do", you will have to pay $2k more for health under obamacare:  No shit!  
 Take Action - Don't Forget about Your Local Town Hall Meetings!    
  I really admire your blog and twitter channel.  Keep it up!
 RT  Doug Moe tells how  County,  got its name and how we know.  Read the best of Doug Moe. ht ...
 RT  RT  Rove 's update 2010 U.S. Senate Map     
 ABCs Jake Tapper Shill For ACLU and Terrorists: Obama Administration     
 Check this video out -- 150,000 seniors leave AARP over Obamacare support  (GREAT VIDEO!)
 RT   Got a president like this? New article! - "A Checklist for Idiots" - RT if you like it - 
 Wisconsin College Republican fundraiser in Milwaukee this weekend! RSVP on facebook here:    
 RT  RT  He lies: The middle-income tax increase is coming:       ...
 RT   Republican  will easily win the Governor's race.   Terrence Wall is Feingold's only legitim ...
 RT  McChesney/Free Press fellow traveler bashes Bono wants to redistribute wealth  ...
 RT  R1 Awesome Technologies That Will Die in Decade Starting 2010. 
 RT  Libertarian think tank says government salaries are out of control: 
 The  should have rolled Iowa into this bowl
 My man can spell "enthusiast" but gets spanked by AmMendment: RT  I am not a "gun nut" I'm a Second Ammendment Enthusiast!
 Are the Packers the best team in the NFL?   
 Grilling Brats.  Drinkin PBR.  Ice Fishing.  WICKED!
  Support the  NATIONAL TAXPAYERS STRIKE on WED1/20/2010. Let's wake their socialist ( ! ) up!    
 Dems Planned Deep Cuts to the National Counterterrorism Center, the Atlantic reports:  
 Obama: AWOL in Iran crisis -      
 Military-Industrial Complex Set To Make A Killing From Body Scanners   
