 You can cleverly embellish your story so much today that other... More for Virgo 
 RT  RT if u still up
  when don't she say ur name
 RT  I want someone who will never give up on me.
  aww she said ur name too
  a bad ass like always she more of a brat now she not used to being here nomore
  yeah she just left
 Got the demon child for a couple hrs hope she stay sleep.
  oh aite
  Ctfu neva that when u washing them in the morning
  finally!
 Beyonce-Start Over
 Your brain shifts into high gear as your key planet Mercury en... More for Virgo 
  Lls I was just thinking the same thing
 I stay having a attitude and then I'm fine like nothing happened hours later.
 I see that I'm such an amusement to you smh
 RT  A woman want you to fill a place in her heart that was left  empty by her Ex....
 RT  jus no service at all  now wtf out da blue
 RT  I hate sprint
 RT  So sprint is fuckin up bad
  fuck you
 Just wanna sit somewhere by myself and think
 If I'm looking thru ur phone and u quick to snatch it that mean u hiding something
 It's funny how a person can explain a lot over a social network but not to the person that confronted them about it smh
 Man wateva gtf outta here with that now all of a sudden the pictures have a purpose.
 You can't trust nobody these days.
 I feel so alone right now. Been feeling like this for the past couple days =(
  idk
 Its crazy when people lie about stupid shit
 Bout to just cry myself to sleep that's how mad I am
 People can't keep shit real for nothing.
 I'm so pissed off right now >=[
 People so damn quick to accuse and say people fucking sneaky when they just as bad smh
 You have something that you need to do at work today and you w... More for Virgo 
  I should kick his ass out my bed
 This nigga stay goin to sleep and leaving me up by myself :-(
 We are always in the damn house this shit is irritating -_-
 Bout to perm this hair of mines
 Imma smack his rock head ass for not replying back to my text -_-
 Tired as hell and they blowing me
 You might feel as if you're struggling to maintain your sense ... More for Virgo 
 Sleeping without my baby tonight :-/
 Up still eating smh imma be fat ass shit
  Cee-Lo Green- Fool For You
 RT  A  wants love that comes with quality, not quantity. Due to this, a  has only a few lovers throughout their life.
 RT  At the end of the day a man will do whatever if he loves you for real.
 People just don't know wat to say out their mouth smh
 You have a lot to manage today as the Moon moves into your 10t... More for Virgo 
 You might think that your plans are well researched and everyt... More for Virgo 
 I wish this boyy hurry his ass up -_-
  that's crazy I thought I heard him say something to somebody soon as yall walked in
  Lls this happened when yall got there
  when this happen?
 Just left Chuck E Cheese hopefully they fall asleep soon as we hit the house.
 You aren't happy if someone is keeping information from you to... More for Virgo 
 RT  RT if u Hungry like ME
 RT  I hate sleeping alone
 Hungry as shit!
 RT  Love is when two people can fuss and fight but realize they love each-other way to much to break up they rather fix  ...
  Olivia-December
  Rihanna-Hate That I Love You
  yeah u do
  it really is and I hate that every other day u have to find something to be mad at me about
 If a relationship is that bad to the point u have to sneak and find out wats in the other persons phone why the fuck are yall even together.
 It's funny how u continue to know wat was in my phone I hate sneaky muthafuckers.
  smh stfu I neva called u a female
  yeah I hate u right now
 Day by day this shit continues to go downhill I don't see it getting any better ='(
  u a blow
  smh ugh u so stupid
  with wat competition there is none smh
 I most definitely have a attitude right now
 That just blew me u get mad ova stupid shit that ain't even about nothin -_-
 That's that bullshit I hate when niggas act like females >=[
 You are usually able to singularly focus your energy so one pr... More for Virgo 
  ok I gotta try and get them a bathing suit first
  no
 Your friends and associates might have a hidden agenda today. ... More for Virgo 
  smh
 Others may seem totally irrational today and their unexpected ... More for Virgo 
 RT  In a relationship you have to love a person for all of who they are, not just the parts you like
 RT  True love isn't about always being together. Its about loving each other even more each day no matter how much time yo ...
  Lls boyy wat?
 Watching "Burlesque" again
 Ugh I hate pineapples
 Eating a frozen fruit cup.
  wtf u get that pic from
 RT   somebody leaves my bedroom door cracked -_-
  Ctfu omg
 I'm so pissed off right now nothin or nobody can change how I feel =(
 I guess with time all wounds will heal.
 It hurts when the person u love so much is mad at u and you can't do anything to make it better.
 I can't say shit else just hope we can move past it =(
  wat other shit am I on??? let me know
 I guess today was really a test either we goin stay together or not I'm tired of being ignored :'(
 In my feelings and feeling stupid at the same time =(
  Beyonce-Start Over
 I hate this wateva this is smh
 You may be concerned that your schedule is overbooked today, b... More for Virgo 
 I feel like a burden was just lifted off of me but a piece of my heart went away with it =(
  Beyonce-Dangerously In Love
 Wish I could undo sum shit but I can't and now I regret it.
 I love you young always have I hate seeing u like this =(
 Going through it right now =(
  but not b4 i find out wat the hell is goin on ugh this sum bullshit!
 Man wtf I'm ready to go!
 Looks like we are gonna be in this court building allday -_-
 You can drive yourself crazy today if you try to narrow your a... More for Virgo 
 I miss my little sister wit her annoying ass I will see her 2mar though =)
 One of my babies need to get up I'm so bored =(
  Lls wats wrong with it and where the baby
 Being at cemetery feels so weird haven't been to one in yrs.
  Mmm nauseous from wat?
 You may become annoyed if someone bothers you today with an id... More for Virgo 
 I don't like sleeping without him =(
 Can't even sleep about to try to though -_-
 RT   you up for no reason.
  where ever u at smh that's desperate
  Lmao tru
  Ctfu u already do
  oh yeah cuz u need one
  smh u r stupid. Wat time the show ova?
  Lls smh only u its like the movie "Chicago" idk if u ever seen that
 The movie "Burlesque" was good.
  oh ok
  Lls oh ok u was acting all confused for a min
  wat u talkin about?
  I'm talkin about the person ur with
  Wats the eyes for?
  u just replying to this not saying no names
 Hungry!
 Missing my boo :-/
 Up like shit!
 This movie kinda good.
  ugh u sound like ur friend saying that
  Lls wateva u slow for tryna play this retarded ass game
  Lls ur ass dumb
 About to watch "Burlesque"
  hey?? 0_o Wyd
 I can't get wit this movie -_-
  watching anything to overcome my boredom
 Up watching "Robin Hood".
  u stay drinking I want a drink
 RT  A happy relationship is made up of two good forgivers... that is willing to make it work...
 I wonder what is goin through her head right now.
 One crazy night just wanna go to sleep.
 Smh at that shit its crazy young.
 I have a freakin headache.
  get that off of here
  Lls I'm playing it was aite I don't really pay attention to stuff like that
  I guess
  yes I do
  boyy
 That damn box fucked my lip up -_-
 RT  Don't take people for granted. No matter how much they love you, people get tired eventually...
 It's usually your style to roll up your sleeves and get the jo... More for Virgo 
 Ugh that dumbass pill got me feeling so nauseous.
  wish my baby was here I could go for another massage :-/
 My back hurt so bad idky =(
 That shrimp&broccoli was on point ^_^
 The Full Moon lights up your 5th House of Self-Expression toda... More for Virgo 
 Ctfu he funny for that but I love him =)
 I want a doughnut or something sweet =/
 "Scary Movie" stay coming on
 Feel like being cuddled up with my bf =)
  Face Off
 RT   You're in  RIGHT NOW!
 Thankfully, the intensity level at work seems to be lower now,... More for Virgo 
  Yo Gotti-We Can Get It On
 You could be leaving on a spiritual journey that's just for yo... More for Virgo 
 I'm tired as shit not gonna get the chance to sleep thanx to my crazy ass niece -_-
  Your Welcome =)
  Happy Birthday Jhante'!!! =)
 In theory, you want to be included in a larger group of friend... More for Virgo 
  I talked to her Saturday she ain't even put me on the recent schedule but for one day
  idk did she make a new schedule
 It ain't shit on tv -_-
 "Gimme my shake!" Lls I love that part
 This mobile twitter look tight.
  -_-
 I hate when BET change the words to the movie.
  its just words. Want me change it?
 I hate seeing some people statuses on facebook they stay sounding retarded.
  How???
  Lls shutup
  cuz I was hungry
 Bout to crush these hotdogs and wait for my fav movie "Baby Boy" to come on.
 Both my little mommies out...bout to watch tv and wait for my baby to get here.
 Still hungry that food ain't do me no justice -_-
 You feel as if you're at odds with yourself today because you ... More for Virgo 
 You have a positive perspective on what's happening now, but t... More for Virgo 
 Can't even fall back to sleep
 Where is my bf haven't heard from him since last night -_-
 You are happily surprised by the easy flow of feelings today, ... More for Virgo 
 Tryna find a new job cuz the one I have is full of shit.
 Stomach is on E right now -_-
 Him and that nasty ass pic smh
  smh
  wit angel to get zy from daycare
 It's raining like shit I hate being out in the rain -_-
 I love my bf I wouldn't trade him for the world =)
 You don't like feeling coerced to express a certain point of v... More for Virgo 
 I just wanna be laid up with him I hate when we don't get along =(
 I still can't get ova that app shit smh we'll neva move forward
 I guess I'm being ignored its fine its not like its the first time
 At times I wonder wat are we doin.
 All this being mad at each other over petty shit is stupid smh
  wat??? Last I checked I wasn't ur jhont I was ur girlfriend and for u to even be thinking that is crazy
 Listening to music will change my mood.
 At the end of the day I'm always the one that did something wrong.
 I be damn if today end up like last week imma just take a shower and go the fuck to sleep not in the mood for the bullshit
 This shit is crazy and funny at the same time smh.
 That just blew me its nice to know that though for all that u can continue too.
 Your friends or co-workers might surprise you today with their... More for Virgo 
 On my way to Chucky Cheese with my babies...hoping to have fun today =)
  but I do? Smh
 Endless laughes...smiles...kisses...hugs x endless problems + accusations = enough to end a relationship
 What are we doin I neva expected our relationship to end up like this -_-
  yes for no reason wtf u stay thinking I'm tryna be sneaky or doin something I don't ever accuse u of shit
 When I start acting like a bitch you'll know why.
 Females call and text ur phone and I dont say shit...as soon as u think I'm doin something sneaky its a problem smh
 This accusing me of doin shit is getting real old.
  smh here we go
  u sure
  did they call
  smh don't let her eat that did the pizza come
  lls y
 In this joint starving
 Wish I was at home with my other two babies =)
 At this damn laundrymat -_-
 The Moon's visit to your sign is a strong reminder today that ... More for Virgo 
 Your approach to others can be very outgoing today, yet you wo... More for Virgo 
  wat u talkin about???
  easy
 I still enjoyed myself at Red Lobster with my little fam =)
 We done slept the whole night away and missed all the fireworks.
 Your ruling planet Mercury can stir up some fun today if you c... More for Virgo 
 Haven't seen my baby in 3days =(
 Ugh young I hate goin in the bathroom after her -_-
 Man she need to hurry up.
  then y u keep going
  why?
 It's hot ass shit out here!
 Acting brilliantly may be a lot simpler than you think today. ... More for Virgo 
 Damn this man stink on the train ugh!
 I'm so hungry :-/
  Lls i know
  Lls not when u do it I don't ur ass just nasty
  :p muah!
  =)
 Wish i was laying with my boo right now :-/
  Beyonce-Best Thing I Never Had
 That joint was tight I love "Twilight" movies.
  Lls
  Lls press ass u addicted to that game
  oh
  I see wyd
  I see u still be playing it
  last tweet
   these
  shid theses movies tight
  Lls watching twilight
  Lls I'm still seeing ur tweets regardless of u replying back or not
  u dumb but yeah I wish
  Ctfu and I'm not even sleep
  Twilight Eclipse
 So ready to go my damn feet hurt
 You are determined to maintain your integrity now by doing exa... More for Virgo 
  yes how they goin get rid of everybody all these new managers slow and don't know nothing
 This store dumb ass shit now and these new managers retarted and slow ass hell >=[
 Ugh I'm so sleepy and hungry!
  Lls
 I love the text he just sent me and I love him =)
 My stomach hurt so freaking bad :-(
 That lady just blew me they need a new daycare ASAP.
 You may feel isolated today as the moody Cancer Eclipse shakes... More for Virgo 
 Gotta get up early need to go to sleep.
  Rihanna-California King Bed
 RT  When you're in love and you get hurt, it's like a cut, it will heal with time but the scars will never fade.
  than a person that doesnt believe you
 You might confuse others with your scattered energy today and ... More for Virgo 
 I think its stupid when people allow social networks to jeopardize their relationship :-/
 I'm not like all the others u really need to sit down and see that for urself smh
 It's only so much that a person can take b4 they decide to give up completely :-/
 The more that u continue to do this all ur actually doin is pushing me away =(
  smh :-( I'm ova this whole conversation
  smh I don't rap him up and plus he was joking he know for a fact I wasn't talking about him
  got who thinkin sum ova shit?
  smh seriously wat flirt?? Cuz I tweeted about u and somebody responded -_- let's not even do that again
  shit like wat?
 RT  I hate it when im trying to be serious but then I accidentally smile.
 RT   than kids tryna run wen u about 2 whip that ass.... That's asking 2 get it even worse....
  smh don't even do that (serious face) -_-
 My baby was on his job ;-)
 A bad morning eventually turned into something good.
  on repeat
  Usher- Can U Help Me
 For the past couple days I been acting real bitchy even spazzing out a little bit -_-
 That insecurity shit is a bitch.
 This shit becoming peoples entertainment smh a bunch of bullshit ova nothing
 Twitter has and will always be a problem in our relationship this shit starting to sound to familiar.
 Just say u don't trust me instead of constantly lying saying that u do.
 It's always a issue due to another nigga like wtf it aint even like that.
 This subtweeting shit is annoying we not that far of a distance from each other smh.
  really?? Wtf u funny for this
 Daily flirt though smh this shit is crazy.
 If u have a issue with me let me know I'm sitting right in ur damn face
 Omg this shit is to hilarious.
 I'm gone this shit is childish.
 I guess...
 It neva hurts to ask for wat u want we both are two stubborn ass people smh.
 There is always a disagreement when ur dealing with someone that is almost the same as you.
 Ugh this shit is beyond irritating !
 And the drama neva ends as always everything I say becomes a problem or takin to heart wtf young.
 Like wtf I just wanna be able to lay next to my baby like I always do this right here don't even feel right smh
 I feel so alone right now :-(
 I'm gone to bed cuz I'm starting to get in my feelings.
 I feel like just crying myself to sleep I miss my grandma :'-(
 Traducción automática (español):
 I wish I had sum headphones right now :-/
 Idek wat the issue is I'm lost as of right now.
 Everytime there is a problem twitter is always the first to know it rather than the person that so called caused it.
 Not even sleepy feels as if im sleeping alone anyway :-/
 Your actions may not be in full alignment with your intentions... More for Virgo 
  Lls u could neva beat my ass fuck I look like
  Lls no it aint
  lmao shid u could neva I will fight for this EVO
  Lls vanilla bean though? Lol ur ass is a fool
  lmao not even like shit boyy
  on repeat
  Marsha Ambrosius-Far Away (R.I.P Grandma)
 Feel like laying beside my baby =)
  Lls u good cuz these hands might do sum damage to u lol
 So unexpected cherish ur life while u still have it.
   everybody doin fine haven't seen yall in a min
   aww =) I been good taking care of my kids. How r you and the fam?
  hey khadijah
 Damn smh R.I.P. Grandma Johnson :-(
 It's crazy cuz I'm not even sad I guess its just not registering with me yet :-/
 That shit sound crazy all we can do is hope and pray everything turn out fine :-(
 RT  Them Black 2000's look good as shit I want those
 It's complicated to tell someone how you feel today, especiall... More for Virgo 
  lls wat the fuck eva u stay fakin wit ur punk ass
 My back is killing me ugh!
  lls fuck u wit ur hatin ass
  ok u saying like its my fault and wat u mean on that last part??
 I feel so ugh!
  lls aite be late and watch wat happen
  lls stop playing wit me u come that late and imma kick ur ass
  lol I am and yeah I do have one its slow today
  yeah they do smh
  stop speaking in spanish
  oh I ain't know that
  I know I do I ain't gotta be at work til 12 and wat u talking bout
  cuz im not tired and I'm always up at this time
  wyd
  same people as always
 They in here tripping this house crazy. Smh
 This phone slow ass shit its blowing me
 RT  Android batteries ain't worth shit
 Your natural analytical skills won't be of much help because y... More for Virgo 
  they start 2mar
  lls ur ass goin be waitin foreva wat if u did all that waitin and still don't get ur money
  oh won't u just leave
  wat u talking about and don't reply back in spanish
 Botín de trabajo! Me encanta esta canción lls
 I'm so thirsty I could cry :-/
 Me siento como relajarte con mi boo =)
 I want a soda bad 
 Que mierda culo gracioso esta aplicación vicioso
 Quiero un helado de chocolate
   Yo sé lo que el fuck u diciendo ahora, ja!
 Imma le joder si seguir jugando conmigo
  *hell
  oh when the help the show ova
  u still waiting for him
  stop being mean
 This evo shift is sum BS I want my phone back :-/
 You may feel as if you're under a lot of stress today, but you... More for Virgo 
  GM and yeah i still work there I will be there today
 My charger keep acting dumb
  well it ain't up there now
  the person not even my friend that's y I just took my  off
  lls idk wat they are I know its creepy
 How can u just steal a person  off fb and they not even ur friend?
 I hate when random ass people text my phone -__- I dont know u gtf!
 I think my daughter wet it -_-
 My charger on sum BS
 RT  All men are players until that one special girl comes along that makes them lose their games
 The food was good now I want sum cake =)
 Try to accomplish a lot early in the day since you could becom... More for Virgo 
 RT  RT If U Up !
  lls i figured u was wyd
  oh aite
 Hungry
  tru wat time that show ova?
  ctfu u wild for that
 My stomach been doin shows
 Ctfu he funny ass shit
  ctfu oh no u didn't write this
