 RT  RT  Creating a database for edible US gardens: Register yr garden on People's Garden interactive map   htt ...
   
  didn't pick me to compete for my OWN show on her network , but apparently she liked my hairdo so much... 
 Still getting incredible support & comments from friends about my Oprah audition vid.  Them: "what's next?" Amazed, overwhelmed, 
 To all of U who voted, tweeted, RT'd, Facebooked & spread the good word about my video entry, I can't begin to thank you enough. 
 The votes are in & the producers have spoken. I will not be competing for my OWN show. Best of luck to those selected!
  Awe.  Thanks Linda.  Hope you rock the airwaves for Cordair.
 RT  Monday on  many questions will be answered as I work with members of the audience and their relationships with food.
 RT  Anyone notice that kids are getting smarter and smarter? Don't act like you're not impressed... > Yes, definitely impressed.
  Thank you Greg.  Your support is very much appreciated.  Happy Friday to you!  
 Decided I'm having fruit and waffles for dinner. Hoping the sugar will balance out the salt. LOL 
 Just when I think I've recovered, I'm offered leftovers tonight for dinner.  Pepperoni pizza.  HA!
 My mouth, however, felt like Sponge Bob washed up on the beach.  Need waaa-terrrr.
 I ate so many cured meats at lunch today I bloated up like Sponge Bob.
 Still waiting to hear who made the cut from the Oprah video entries.  The waiting is killing me.  Tell me already!
 RT Gonna make some new vuvuzelas that blow in a 5th maybe a major 3rd. Let's harmonize the world cup  >HA!
 RT  the tallest cake in the world   
 Happy 4th everyone! A day at the coast and now oysters. It's been a perfect day. Be safe.  
  Not at all! Happy July 4th!
  Watching it now!
 RT  Fudge brownie with vanilla ice cream and fresh raspberry purée. Oh yeah.  
 I've surpassed 1,000 votes.  It was a small milestone, but a milestone nonetheless.  Thanks everyone!
 Voting for Tia's OWN show ends tomorrow at midnight.  Thank you! I truly appreciate all you've done.   
 A new revived "do" was long overdue. Feeling fresh and sassy again.  Thank you hair stylist.
  If I make it to the next round...stickers for everyone!!!! (p.s. thank you!!!) xo
 For the first time a complete stranger commented on my Oprah video. At least, I don't think I know who they are. 
  Sun.  Voting ends on Sat. at midnight. Hoping to compete for my own show   
 Wow, almost to 1,000 votes. I am grateful. Thx everyone. Let's keep it going.  Voting ends Sat. at midnight.  
 RT  Dr. Seuss + Chuck Taylors = Cool kicks   
 RT  What annoys your colleagues most? Abusing sick days, checking BlackBerry in meetings, missing deadlines, MORE!  ...
   Well, since you are RTing... :-) Please share my audition for OWN.  Tia's Got It! 
 Just received an email that my aunt has breast cancer.  Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr! 
  That movie brings back fond memories.  I had a train set growing up.  Loved being in that imaginary world.  Thx.
 RT  Apple of My Eye. First movie shot and edited entirely on iPhone -  >Beautiful! & Cool!
  Thanks Linda!
  No, thank YOU.  :-)   
 Did Oprah Rig Her Contest?:  via  > I'm in the contest, but Zach, I voted for you too. You Rock!
 Only four days left to vote.  I appreciate every one. Would love to hit 1,000 by Friday. 
 RT  Sexy is realizing that not everyone will like you, and that's ok.
 RT  Chipotle Wants to Turn Your Junk E-mail into Healthy Sch..     > Love this!!!
 RT  Facebook Becoming a Prime Source 4 Divorce Case Evidence     >  had this happen?
  Thank you for your support.  I really, really appreciate it!
 RT  Let's go  !!!  
 Weeds for dinner?  Yes, and they're good for you too.     
 RT  Ellen Dunham-Jones: The next 50 years' big sustainable design project will be retrofitting suburbia.  ...
  :-) xo  
  Again.  Thank you!
 RT  Emergency  goes out to  ...am I selflessly helping her out? No. I need a famous friend for so ...
  Thank you for sharing the video with your friends.  Much appreciated.
  Thanks for sharing my video! {hugs}
 RT  Talk about in-flight royalty!  &  boarding for  
 “  Love it that I just caught the tough maintenance guy reading  in office kitchen.” > Love it!
  LOL Gosh you make me feel like I'm 100 yrs. 
 Dance, Cartoons & Film Combined.  Sounds groovy.   
  All true my friend.  All true!  :-D
 Plz vote and spread the word: Tia's Own Show   Now back to our regularly scheduled programming.
 Reason  I should get  a talk show on Oprah's network: Rosalie, my chicken, would be SO disappointed. Bok, Bok!  cc:
 Reason  I should get a talk show on Oprah's network: I 'm a national treasure. ;-) U can hear me doing the news in the Smithsonian 
 Reason  I should get a talk show on Oprah's network: I don't intimidate easily.  Have interviewed celebs & polititians like  
 Reason  I should get a show on Oprah's network: I know how to tap dance.   (OK, that was random.)
 (Cont) NM AP Broadcasters Best General News (twice), Best Documentary, Best Feature, & NM Broadcasters Assoc Best Newscast & Best News Story
 Reason  I should get a show on Oprah: I have experience. Recipient of several news broadcast awards  (1/2) 
 Sorry peeps, but only 6 days left to vote on my Oprah vid.  Must dedicate to some blatant self-promo this week.  
 RT  Right now I'm supposed to be halfway around the world but things don't always work out as planned:  >Yes!
 RT  “Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.”
 RT  So true!  RT  “Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.”
   Apparently there is one in Maui about 3600 ft. long. Wheeee! 
    Kauai
     
   Thank you for supporting my Oprah contest video and my chickens! Keep voting!
 Whoo hoo!  I unlocked two new badges on  today, including the Swarm Badge.  (it's the little things that get me excited.)
 RT  Thank goodness the spring fashion season has arrived. Been waiting to trot out my sockless loafers. -  ...
 “  is hilarious....” This + the woman sitting nxt 2 me in airport shouting in Italian = me feel like I'm  the game.
 “ How did I miss this account before?  is hilarious....” > LOL
 RT  Aditi Shankardass advocates using EEG technology for an accurate second opinion for kids with learning disorders  ...
  Happy Anniversary to you both Greg!
  I think she'd check out my video entry for her new network.  Who can beat flying eggs?  Would love Ur vote.  
  Would love your vote too.  Plz check out my video on Oprah's site.  Who knew chickens could lay on cue?  
    Flying eggs & more!  Plz check out my video entry for Oprah's OWN show contest.  Would love your vote! 
 RT  "To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best to make u everybody else is a hard battle  never stop fig ...
 RT  Five Videos of Brooklyn Piano Players on the NYC Street Pianos | Brooklyn 365  > I <3 piano.
 Tia's Audition: Tia's It! - OWN TV 
 RT  PLS RT!!  Wanna see what the oil spill looks like from space now:  ...
 Hit every green light coming to work,  win, then this on my desk. Good omen.  
  Fewer distractions.  Like work!  LOL!
  Thanks so much!
 Debating about where I should work on posting videos.  Should I just do a YouTube account or should I do a Tumblr blog?  Thoughts?
 Hooked on gadgets, paying a mental price.  An interesting look at your brain on computers in the  
  What does the dentist of the year get?...A little plaque  Ba dum chhhh.  Try not to drool. ;-)
 Halfway through the day and I'm inching toward reclamation of my email inbox.  Vacation payback.
 Gourmet Magazine to be revived for the  :   
 The best birthday present ever? Your vote for my video! Tell your friends to vote too! :-)   Plz RT!
 I'll be back at it this week. I was on a short hiatus while I took time to vacation w/family but I got some fun video too. Will share soon.
 Today has been an amazing day.  Thank you all for the birthday wishes!  Celebration continues.  
 There are many benefits to having a birthday on the solstace, such as the longest day of the year...meaning the longest celebration. :-)
 Turtles make the most delightful swimming companions. 
 A belated Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there!
 Happy Birthday to me!
 Amazing horseback ride earlier today on Aloha Girl. A beautiful way to enjoy the island with my mother and daughter.
 Celebrity sighting of the day: ordering lunch next to Ric Ocasek of The Cars.
 RT  Contemplation and relaxation.   
   You rock Evan. Thank you!
 When someone suggests you zip it...do it!    
 Feeling a bit like a jellyfish after a sandlewood aromatherapy massage overlooking the waves. 
  Sending you a virtual piña colada.
 “  my motto "choose the life u want and LIVE it. Sometimes it's on the edge. Never fear failure. Don't be safe...be you"”
  / Re-energizing. Need down time w/family, beach & pool. Tweet soon but in the meantime please keep voting!
     I like your spirit!  
 Just realized it's exactly one week until my birthday.  Get your party hats ready.
 First things first, then lunch. I mean, we've got to have priorities!  
 RT  Just returned 2 the twitsphere after a camping/internet hiatus. Late  TYs     ...
  On vacay 3000 miles away so not this time. ;-)
 This morning's perspective:  
 A solid 10 hours of sleep logged last night.  Clearly I was behind.  Hoping wherever you are that your day is off to a great start!
 Our chicken Rosalie has obviously made quite the impression.
 First day on vacation & fans are already crowding below my balcony.    
 Or rather that MSG is a manufactured version of the natural food compound attributed to umami or the savory taste.
 Read a fascinating article on umami, the fifth taste. Essentially it explained that it was like MSG.
  "I'm Beginning to See The Light" here.  Enjoy!
 Today I asked my Starbucks barista to vote for my video entry. I am a regular customer. LOL  
 OK, must log off for now. I have bathing suits and flip flops to pack.  Aren't bathing suits one of the worst things to shop for...ever?!
  That is awesome.  You inspired me.  I just put on some Divas.  Listening to Shirley Bassey, "Big Spender".
 I truly have amazing friends and family, IRL and on Twitter.  
  Frank and Louie FTW!  Love the old music standards.
  Weekend's been stellar so far since I'm now officially on vacation!
  Oooo.  Looks like you are in for a delicious evening! Enjoy!
  And get going on that video!
  Slow and steady.  Broke 400 today but I need more views.  Would love your support if you are willing to tweet it out. :-)
  You seriously rock.  Thank you with all my heart.
 RT:  Boxing carrots at the   > 
 Anyone have quick tips or a resource for creating a custom Twitter background?
 Today my daugher plays in her first traveling softball tournament.  So excited for her.  Any milestones for you today? Doing something new?
  Good morning Matt!
  You are very kind Felicia.  Again, thanks so much.  Your encouragement lifts me up.
  They leave it open. They get the final say. I would say votes would make a difference showing audience appeal, but not end all
  the remaining five participants will be chosen from video submissions and casting calls by producer and OWN.
  At least one will be chosen based on votes, but...
  GREAT QUESTIONS.  Many people watching the contest and voting are confused.  Glad you asked.
 OK, had to get that off my chest.  Thanks for listening, wherever you are on this gorgeous day.  Now, let's ROCK IT!!!!!
 And, there is so much I now understand about it that I could have done differently, but no regrets, right?  I did it and it's out there!
 I must say, my show idea given the restraints and rules of the contest was hard to execute (no twitter, facebook, etc.)
 Thank you  for providing me with some much needed encouragement this morning.  
  Voting ends July 3. Thx for asking. I still have a lot of work to do.Hard being a working mom, etc., but I can only do my best.
 It came to a vote & while it was really tight between two ideas, the concept involving technology, values & changes to our "modern life" won
 It made it even more difficult when I polled close friends and family on the ideas and they said - but they're all good!
 When I was putting together ideas for my audition tape:  I had three TV show concepts.  It was VERY difficult to choose.
  Really glad to have you following Rich!
  Thank U Shana.Those kind words are just what I needed this morning. Was feeling some self doubt, questioning myself this morning.
   Thanks so, so much Ed!  I really appreciate the support and I'm rooting for you too!
  Thanks so much Felicia.  The votes are creeping up there.  This is like another full time job.  LOL!
 My daughter is starting to repeat my own bad jokes to me.  I really need better jokes.
  Thanks Ed.  Hope you'll vote and vote often.  No limits!  Have a great weekend!
 Thank you        
 Big  thx to        
  thanks to          
 RT  I will ALWAYS be confused by how people don't see the Value of 1 on 1 relationships and actually answering peoples Q's and  ...
 RT  Continue to be bold, courageous. Try to chose the wisest thing and once you’ve chosen the wisest thing go out and try ...
  You too Gary!
  Thank you!  I appreciate the encouragement!  Keep voting!  :-)
   Gracias!  You are incredible.  Thanks for spreading the word.  Already over 300.  On my way!
 WHOO!  Thank YOU      Really, really appreciate you!
  Thank you for the 
   It was TALL ^  We're talking high on the noggin.
 Getting my hair done for my first prom was such a big deal.  My hair looked like Marge Simpson's .  
  Thanks so much for the 
 My wish for you today... 
  Thanks for the RT Rick!  Much appreciated!
 What's happening in your garden?  Check mine out!    
 Vacationitis is setting in.
 Would you tweet the birth of your baby?
  Thank You so much!
 Talk about fast food! This takes the taco truck concept new places. 
 And you thought I was joking when I said I was going to have Oprah's Job....
       Know that you are very much appreciated.
 RT  I voted twice!  I'm gonna vote more now hehehe  > That's the spirit! :-D
 Have you voted once, or twice, or even 10 times yet today?   
 RT  Teenage kids (esp. girls) can be mean, technology magnifies the mean. Bullying used to end when school did. No more.  ...
  I entered Oprah's OWN show contest too! I'm in the Wildcard category.    Good luck and great job!!!
  You rock!  Vote often.  No limit.
 Wouldn't it be fun if we could create interactive art together - audience members, at home, sharing through the web, passing it on? Oh yeah!
 PopTech : Popcasts : Zach Lieberman: Interactive Art:  via  >This is so cool! Want to explore more on my show.
 RT  Must read NYTimes: The Risks of Parenting While Plugged In 
 RT  He's so talented & fun to watch! RT  Shaun White Jumps Back on his Skateboard (via  
  > RT   &  debut neon  What do you think ...?  
 Thank you.  xo   
 RT  Under  tweet can be used as a noun, for a Twitter message, or as a verb, for sending a tweet.
      Love the RTs!  You are all amazing!  Thank you.
 RT  Tea (coffee for some), food, family, a nice sunny day. What more do you need? > Exactly.
 RT  Love this!  RT   FeelnThankful    
  Thank you for the RT!
 Over 200 votes so far. But if you each voted, just once,  would have 3000.   Plz RT
 What's makes your life easier? What would YOU proclaim the "Best Thing Ever!"? Plz RT
  Love you back! xxoo
  POW!  ;-)
 Our chicken Rosalie is getting a lot of recognition. Rightly so. Who knew she'd know to lay on cue? 
  Are you kidding?  I think that's fantastic.  Thank you!  Please vote often.  There are no limits.
  Hi Gary! This week has been all about the   Check out my vid.  Hope you'll vote for me, often!  LOL! 
  Other things U can do: Comment on the site under my video, share on FB, on Twitter,  the grocery store, w/friends & vote, OFTEN
  Thanks so much for the support!
 SOME people thought my shirt was a little bright today.  I thought the 80s were making a comeback.   FTW! 
 OK, the mom taxi is officially on duty.  Back atcha later.  Spread the love peeps!
  Thank you for your vote.  Very, very much!
 RT   (can you see my pom poms?) RAH RAH TIA SIS BOOM BAH!
  Obviously I have not yet mastered the dual account tweeting either.  LOL.
  Good question. This is happening pretty fast. Just got my email audition approved & up at 3 a.m. last night.  LOL.  I'll think.
  I'm tickled pink by your tweet and if I had a unicorn and a cupcake, I'd deliver asap.  Mwah!
 I promise to get rid of the tweetie bird and have a new avatar on  asap.  Promise.
 This day job sure does make this challenging.  LOL!  I see a lot of evening tweeting in my future.
 Truly overwhelmed by the love and generosity pouring out of all of you!  Serious {{{{{group hug}}}}} !! Wow.   
 RT  Friends: Check this out and vote, she's good!  GO TIA  >  THX!
 RT  Has everyone been voting ...? Tia's Audition: Tia's It! - OWN TV  (RT  MWAH!
  Thank you for promoting my video audition for my own show!   cc:
 RT  Go Tia - only very few people can come across so natural!  > Thank you Markus!
 RT   Woot! Great audition!!! I would sooo watch your show!! Come on peeps vote for Tia!! 
  You can vote for my show here!   Thank you!  Hmmm. no hashtag yet.  Good idea!
 Sometimes you just need to go for it! (Gulp.) 
 Maybe the second time's the charm.  And the waiting begins...
 This is the beginning of something big.
