    I'm thinking  should talk w/ you guys about pumping up their pledge drive ; )
  Oh my, what a passionate wish I gave you for a good weekend, then.  lol
 An Open Mind Admits a World of Differing Beliefs - Wauwatosa, 
 RT  RT  ALERT: Milwaukee Police seek  Elijah A. Ely, age 10. Child has been missing nearly 12 h ...
  Best wishes in your new path! Who's taking over?
 New restaurant in works at Tosa Radisson - JSOnline  // A part of our Sept. dining week, too! 
 You don't need to be a chamber member to get our "Go To" newsletter. 
 You don't need to be a chamber member to get our "Go To" newsletter. 
 You don't need to be a chamber member to get our "Go To" newsletter. 
 We like to Give more than we like to Get, but if your Biz would like to donate a great prize for our Aug 29 Golf Outing, we'd be Grateful!
 RT  Look who made the paper, it makes it's way around our office today...
 Have you ever wondered when kids find out about auditions for "A Christmas Carol?" Here you go... alert your... 
 RT  An exclusive invitation from  to our Friends + Family event - click the link to find out more.  ht ...
 Wauwatosa's "Go To" Source from the Chamber of Commerce 
  Yes,.Please make sure he wants us to go further.
  I did.  I'm waiting to be contacted by the company that owns the property. Is the band interested?
 Simma's Bakery is giving FREE cheesecake squares to anyone who stops in and says "Simma's Rocks" in celebration of Natl Cheesecake Day.
   Big Shoes to fill  :(
 RT   Assoc director taking similar post in Fresno:  Oh, no! We're losing a great one in Kate!
  email me Meg
  Guess what?  I think we scored a place for your pipe band.
 Diva Night in the Village next Wednesday! 
   That's great.  I'm going to try to come.
  So you all had success setting up the Tosa cookout?
  I was at home with my 1 y.o. and 2 y.o and realizing my parenting job just changed in a frightening and irrevocable way
  I am here.
 Happy Birthday  for all of us at the Chamber!
 Have you been to little Niemann's Candy store in Tosa Village ?  They also hand make their ice cream. 
   Thanks!  If KB wants to talk to another media, I'll pass the name along.
  Yummy empanadas  Research Park  truck  < They garnish!
 Reporter needs local social media expert who follows how politicians use social media these days. Can u DM me ideas, please?
  I'm going to lunch at the food trucks now, but call me. 453-2330 to discuss
 Food Trucks at "town center" of Research Park (that's the middle) today!  Haute Taco and Tiger Bites.
  Do you have any budget to rent?
 Food trucks in the center of Research Park today:    ! Lunch is served.
 Yo Mama is a hit!  Congratulations to the Bergers! 
 We met w/ the MPTV folks behind this upcoming series w/ John McGivern and John Gurda today. "Around the Corner"... 
  Sorry. :( I saw real grownups having afternoon beers w/lunch  
 RT  Tosa's Quarry Heights, south of the Highlands, has a vibrant neighborhood association again after 10 years.  ...
 RT  We're nominated for The Great Food Truck Race. Voting starts 8/14 at foodnetwork.com/foodtrucks. With your help, we'l ...
 Crushing on the  win agst the Cubs tonight? Elbow up w/them  Dave & Busters.  $25 for a great cause!
 Who's coming to the most attended National Night Out event in metro MKE ?  TONS of family fun! 
 [Actor] Mark Metcalf’s Picture of Fun: The Milwaukee County Zoo | Travel Wisconsin 
 RT  Actor Mark Metcalf takes us to his favorite zoo, the  in this week's guest  
 RT  BIG BIG Contest: retweet this to enter drawing. If  hits a homerun at his either his 1st or 2nd at bat ...  ...
 The first talk of food carts possible role (ha! roll. get it?) at Tosa's Hart Park. 
 Sweet little Tosa village Niemann's Candy is going to the Fair as the chocolate covering over clustered... 
 Wirtz's Woodworks is offer their Angie's List  Big Deal today & tomorrow! Get two hours of labor at 50%! Get your... 
 We have 3 new restaurant members to welcome:  Hector's, Meritage and Juniper61 !
 CORRECTED DATES: Member networking - ABLE South and/or West  via 
 Please RSVP for ABLE South and/or West  via 
  Next time.  They are reallllly good. Honest.
 Business helping the  community. Thanks  Bank for funding the new Healing Garden  (Ronald ) House
  Aren't those good? Did you get their fries?  To. Die. For.
 All the food trucks are so delicious. Today I tried  for the 1st time. Short Rib taco - holy moly
  Where's Research Park??? Milw Co Grounds corner ot Hwy 100 and Watertown Plank. Come see us!
 What's for lunch??? Join us at Research Park today for FIVE food trucks: Red Truck Sliders, Chubby Cheese Truck,... 
 
 Join us at Research Park today for lunch.  Five food trucks: Red Truck Sliders, Fast Foodie, Tigerbite Truck,... 
 Trojans v. Raiders - Wauwatosa H.S. football matchup Aug 20th.  First time in 15 years. 
   Details are on the Facebook page.
 Guess which two super fantabulous bands are BOTH playing the last Tosa Tonight Concert Series of this season? 
 Froedert ranks in top 50 hospitals nationally. US News & World Report.  Congratulations to our member! 
 RT  Join  & the timothyj team for a 4-course appetizer & wine tasting. Learn their secrets to optimize your home ki ...
 RT  Hey Wauwatosa! Tell us your favorite restaurants!
 Want to see Tosa's newest luxury apartments on State St. being built? 
 Sharing trees that had to be moved for construction - Outpost Natural Foods donated 2 trees to Hart Park's... 
 RT  We attended a beneficial  presentation this morning. Thank you to host  and presenter  ...
 Welcoming: We Have Your Food and Farmers Insurance as new members today!
 RT  Chase ends in arrest of theft suspect in Elm Grove:  // What. They hit the construction?
 Mobile Days redux is August 18 here at Research Park.  More vendors, more food, less lines. Until then some trucks will be here on Thursdays
 LinkedIn Training Presented by Wayne Breitbarth for UWM Small Business Development 7/19/11.  via 
 RT  Giving out free Ding Dongs with all orders until supplies last!  Happy Free Ding Dong Day! 
 In my belly now - the Jamaican from  . In Research Park outside on south side of 10437 Innovation Dr.
 Foodies - Please follow  on Twitter for information about Wauwatosa's dining week in September.
 Mama's Dig Down Big Brass Band will be blowing their horns at Hart Park tonight.  There. Is. No. Charge. Courtesy of  sponsors.
 Resharing the  line-up from  
 How fun is this?   A Run to Leff's Lucky Town from the Wauwatosa WAC... Sign up here. 
 Women of a certain age say "yes"! RT  Kate Middleton is bringing back pantyhose...
  No firm business commitment yet, just renovation
  Finding out for you...
 Hat tip to OMC, we learn that butterflies will be at Mayfair Mall. 
 What an absolutely gorgeous night for a FREE concert! Come to the TosaTonight concert series and see the... 
 RT  The roasted red pepper soup  is OMG good.
 Red Truck Sliders made a stop at Research Park for lunch today. We're feeling very lucky right now. The sliders... 
 RT  Have you seen our redesigned WaiuwatosaNOW.com that launched today. Check it out!
 RT   Flight for Life Nears Another Milestone for Safety, Service -  
 Two Chamber Events This Week: Coffee at Mo's and member-only ABLE West Networking.  via 
 I'd like a Google+ invite from anyone who wants to through a sista a bone...  Please and thank you.
 RT  Social Media for Chambers and Associations on  
 RT  Read this article... THIS is why I became an alderman 
 RT   WIN!  Now back to the bar for  and some Brew!  Raffle to benefit  as well!  See you there!!!
 RT  Last day of Summerfest, and last ride from MCTS to the 'Big Gig'. Milwaukee Transit pointing to $6.8M in state cuts. More on ...
  Yes!  Yo Mama is excellent. 
 RT  LET'S go  One more inning to win, If they pull the come back here, the 1st one to retweet this wins dinner for 2 ...
 RT  Tomorrow Milwaukee Common Council discusses limiting Food Trucks at night. Email your alderman & share your thoughts.
 RT  We are having an Open House!! This event will benefit the Wisconsin Alliance for Fire Safety's Summer Camp for... http: ...
  I asked where you were today.
 RT  RT  BREAKING: South Sudan becomes world's newest nation, breaking away from Sudan after decades of war.
 RT  When did you first take your baby out to a restaurant? How was the experience? 
 I just discovered the best candy selection I've seen in awhile. Not a chamber member (yet) but it's  in Brookfield.  Oh. no.
 RT    Oh and all the interior signage and branding wall! We love  !
 I was  this beeeyotiful afternoon but no adult beverage for me.  Tick tock.
  I can see that is a thinly veiled and targeted comment. Next time ask us where to rent. :)
 RT  Welcome to  sign back at East Tosa entrance thanks to Beautification Committee. Tour local gardens w/them to ...
 RT   Gotta love 'Tosa
  Sorry to hear we're not going to be neighbors.
 RT   I'm moving to Bayview. Also looked at Tosa. Both seem to be a late 20-something crowd as opposed to 21 party kids.
 RT  THIS SATURDAY: Butterscotch Baby will b vending  Tosa Farmer's Market, located in the municipal lot under the Harmo ...
 How's this for the benefits of chamber networking events...?  It doesn't get any better, except maybe a gadzillion... 
 RT  Twitter Takes You Places Every Day, But Not Every Day to the White House: President Barack Obama and Twitter co-... http ...
 Hey  Your work is also visible throughout the new Yo Mama's frozen yogurt joint, too, no?
 Great job!  RT Take a gander at East Tosa 's new logo identity courtesy of Mind Spike design 
 Not to be missed next Wednesday night. Get the ground blanket and grab the kids and prepare to dance up a storm at... 
 If you've fallen in love with Purple Door ice cream at the Tosa Farmer's Market, now you get it at Metcalf's... 
 RT  YUM!! RT  New at Metcalfe's Wauwatosa: Purple Door Ice Cream (Milwaukee)! Super-premium. Made (cont) http ...
 RT  Another beautiful summer weekend ahead: who will be at Tosa Pool, Secret Gardens Tour, Radio Flyer parade and more hap ...
 RT  RT  After a day to compose herself,  recounts her whirlwind visit to the White House. 
 Take a gander at East Tosa 's new logo identity, courtesy of Mind Spike design 
 From  Thanks to the readers of Milwaukee Magazine! Maxie's was among consumer's top 5 picks! Plus... 
 Have you heard the 2011 fried food concoctions destined for the WI State Fair. Take a poll of which one you're... 
 If tonight is anything like last Friday night in the village of Tosa, it'll be the best people watching place around. Come join us!
 Just a few fun pics from our 4th of July parade! 
 Your Wauwatosa "Go To" Source from the Chamber of Commerce 
  I think so but don't have info on where to contact for more info
 Just had the best steak burrito I've ever had  El Fogoncita, 104th and North Ave.  Cute, tight little Mexican... 
  You'd just have to enter between 12 and 4.  Let me know.
  Tickets have 12- 4 admission restriction, we just saw.  Is that a problem ?
 . . . Hey  Where you at today???  You in Research Park?
 Henry Winkler will be speaking at Froedert here in Tosa on Friday to support the "Open Arms Campaign: Raising... 
 Thanks, everyone.  The Summerfest tickets are claimed.
 We have 4 FREE tickets to Summerfest with your name on them at the office here today.   First one to call 414 453 2330 gets them.
 RT  Not at  Come cool off with some Pistachio, Mint, and Coconut gelato or Mixed Berry and Pink Grapefruit sorbet!
 RT  Holy cow.  has linked to   live feed.   click live-on-the-groun ...
 Thanks for the shoutout   You wouldn't believe how many questions we've had about that just this week.
 RT   Top Click in Marketplace: What is this structure along Hwy. 45?   knows. 
 RT  It is not letting me upload a photo. I am in the room for the twitter town hall.
 Venturi's has a new name. Fattoni's . Same great food and addictive deli sandwiches, though.
  This will be great great grandchild talk.  Very special. Omg, that is SO great.
  Seriously, my head would explode.  I wish I had time to ask the membership for question ideas. Go get 'em.
  Hey, J. You know your chalkboard is at our office, right?
 RT  Volunteers are still needed for Sunday's Summerfest Rock 'n Sole Run. Email events to find out how ...
 RT  It's official: M&I is now BMO Harris 
 RT  Launched at  Tweetup, Wauwatosa Patch Columnist Invited to White House Tweet-Up tomorrow- a,  ...
 This calls for an "omg!" Our Tosa  was selected to go to White House Tweet Up. Only 140 allowed. Bring... 
  Du rien (that's French) Have a great 4th!
 RT  My column: An Obsessive Plucker Confronts the Hirsute Truth - Wauwatosa, 
 Thank you, village Baskin Robbins staff, for working so hard yesterday to spruce up the public park - Root Commons... 
 RT  SLAMABAMA, a country music group that recently won the Briggs & Stratton Battle of Bands, gives BizTimes a sneak peek.  ...
 Runners and walkers!  Fun Chili Charity Run sign up now. 
  Did you hear about the Medical Center Mobile Days in July?  Want to be a part of that?
 Me, too. How the heck r u? RT  Now following  Funny how I'm instantly hungry.
  I had the Italian Beef  new store.  Great! Mozzarella sticks- great, too!
  How fun!  Hope the weather won't be too hot.
 Wauwatosa has the biggest 4th of July parade in the area.  9:00 parade down North Ave (starts at Mayfair)... 
 RT  This weekend just got more exciting! Take an additional 40% off all sale items from Gap Mayfair Mall's Adult and... http ...
 Frankie's Sammiches has opened a brick & mortar store on Bluemound Rd. and 52nd. Across from Long Wong's.... 
 Here's one prize I'd like: an original 1964 Milwaukee Journal Sentinel framed newspaper featuring the arrival of... 
 Please join us in welcoming our two newest chamber members: Jaunt Events & Excursions and ProStaff Technical Resources!
 From chamber member Brookfield Badger Insurance... 
 RT   The area needs more entrepreneurs like Gregg Tushaus -  
 Ch'ello, Tiwitterverse! What a great summer day.  And it's Hot Town, Summer-fest in the City...
 RT  Health & Safety Compliance and Systems Development Manager - Wauwatosa, WI: WI-Wauwatosa, As...  (http: ...
 RT  Healthcare Program Manager, Ge Tr... -  , WI () Get Healthcare Jobs  ...
  I don't believe there is a drinking fountain in Hoyt Park, Dan. But you can use the men's room at the bathhouse
 RT  Does anyone know if there's a bubbler in Hoyt Park in Wauwatosa? I didn't see one last time I rode past.
 Tosa's Days Inn and Bluemound Gardens Restaurant was sold to Greendale-based Lexington Hotel Development Group LLC. 
 RT  Wauwatosa Days Inn sold for $2.6 million...
 The city wants you to see the proposed redistricting boundaries as the result of the 2010 census. 
 RT  Wauwatosa Redistricting: Check out existing aldermanic district and ward boundaries, and the boundaries pr...  ...
 Did you hear that Wauwatosa is holding its first ever dining week September 12 - 21st? We're getting excited as... 
 We're so pleased to welcome back the Wauwatosa Rotary Club to chamber membership!
 LinkedIn Strategy Seminar Presented by Wayne Breitbarth, July 19, 8am,  via 
 Your Wauwatosa Chamber "Go To" Source 
  has a little crowd in front of them at our building in Research Park.  Demand is strong
 RT  Target's Steinhafel gives outlook for 2011 and beyond: Target Corp. CEO Gregg Steinhafel provided his outlook fo... h ...
 RT  Check out the national AP story on  summer exhibit! 
 Drop-In for Coffee and Meet New City Chiefs  
 Register for Drop-In for Coffee and Meet New City Chiefs  
 Members only networking - ABLE South and West this week.  via 
 RT  Forget those silly Shape-up shoes-I walked around all weekend in my minimalist shoes from  and my calves ar ...
  Working on getting an answer on the parade question.
 My email traffic would indicate that everyone left work for the weekend around 2:45 p.m. today. :)
 Your Wauwatosa Chamber "Go To" Source 
 RT  East Tosans Rally for Their Neighborhood: “We realize the economy presents big challenges,” said Jon Anne ... http: ...
  I'm alerting all the pancake eaters
 Semi Twang is playing at Tosa Tonight Concert tonight. Cracking the seal on the summer concert series!
 RT  Marcus Center - Kidz Days In the City starts tomorrow at 11:00am! Check out locations for this new summer programming ...
 RT  Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Milwaukee, Racine, and Waukesha County until 8:45pm. This is a ReadyWisconsin Alert
 RT  Power outage causes  to close for the day 
 Milwaukee Brewers Wives, their player spouses and the coaches are hosting a first-time event.  The “2011 Grand... 
 Welcome Tri City National bank - Wauwatosa and Greenfield Ave. branches!
 Oh yes!  It's time for local strawberry picking. 
 Gyros for lunch here at Research Park.   is here at the Tech Innovation Bldg - inside. ;)
 RT   Cosmos Cafe brings authentic gyros to Wauwatosa -  
 UW Credit Union has a financial educaton program where you can sit down with them and they'll go over your credit... 
  State Street Restaurant has a new patio for outdoor dining
 Last call for tomorrow's class: "Websites: Get Your Target Customer to Do What You Want"  via 
 Schoeneck Containers, Inc., plastics manufacturer from New Berlin, leasing 225,000 sq ft of storage space at... 
 RT  We'd like everyone to know that Kung Fu Panda 2 has been incorrectly listed as playing at 1:30, 4, and 6:30. The rea ...
 Salute to the 3 winners of Future 50 that make Wauwatosa their business's home: Mars IT Corp, JSO Technology LLC,... 
 RT  Don't forget to stop in  the Gap Mayfair for our Summer Sale Event. Enjoy an additional 50% off women's sale... http:// ...
  124th and North in the Sendik's / Kohls plaza
 Dollar Store treasures for kids' Father's Day gifts: card + new scented coffeetable candle + ice balls ( No! Don't go there! ) = $5 & smiles
 Not that police officers are known to be tweeters, but Tosa has an opening for a FT officer. Pass it along... 
 Go buy some new books today!  Books Are Fun Warehouse Sale. Warehouse sales save you $$$ 10:30 AM to 3 PM 4550 W.... 
 Books Are Fun Warehouse Sale. Warehouse sales save you $$$ 10:30 AM to 3 PM 4550 W. Wisconsin Ave. nearby 
 RT  RUMMAGE!! Racks & racks of amazing pieces of vintage clothes  until 2pm today!!
 RT   Brookfield store could become Piggly Wiggly -  
 It's a beautiful night at Hartfest. Lots of toddlers dancing to the band!  serving up Globacos.... 
 70th Street bridge connecting State St. to Honeycreek Pkwy is finally open!
 Give blood today  office in the heart of Wauwatosa in honor and memory of Chuck Ward. 
 Hartfest begins tonight at 5 p.m.  We'll see you there? 
 RT  Having a late night craving for all things Polish? Check out our preview of this weekend's  
 RT  SHAKESPEARE IN THE PARK fans.. Read this!! Optimist Theatre Lawn Seating "How To"... Opens Thursday. 
  Thanks for the info!
 RT  Milwaukee buzzing about entrepreneur efforts; BizStarts adding space with Spreenkler Talent Labs 
 RT  Very cool program by  and crew ~ Check out "Jumpstarting Your Business with Social Media" 
  Thx for the good info
  That won't be the route, tho, right?
  Thanks! I'm glad they picked Tosa just wish the weather had been better.
 Runners - anyone know which run was down Watertown Plank and up Swan Blvd at 6 p. tonight?  Interesting sight w/police protecting their path
 Dinnertime!  is serving Smoked Mozzarella Ravioli with Oxtail Ragout.
 RT  RT  There's still time to buy Dad a ticket to  Cheers to Dad! 
   IDK . Is that the sign with live tweets downtown?
  Great  vendor commitment.  Who should I talk to and at what phone 
 Tosa's Indian grocery store has plans to move next door and expand. 
 Wisconsin State Fair says, Lots of tasty new foods at the Fair this year...Sweet Potato Tater Tots at Major... 
 Thanks  for talking up our Aug 29 Golf Outing at Brown Deer. We have room for 7 more foursomes. 
  Hoping u will be a vendor for us at Aug 18 Mobile Days?
 Your Wauwatosa Chamber "Go To" Source 
 RT  Stop in Gap Mayfair Mall to find some amazing deals starting at $5. 
 Tosa Tonight Concert Series starts June 22 - but it's not too late to be a Sponsor. 
 RT  Great to see  and others this morning at ABLE West! Thank you  and  for hosting!
 RT  Love Empire, tons! RT  Chamber member Empire Fish: did you know this business is nearly 100 years old? http:// ...
 Tosa Chamber member Empire Fish on Watertown Plank road. Did you know this business is nearly 100 years old? Since... 
 Learn how  .com can help you get your message out in the community. Comunity workshop Free Wed 6p. 10437 Innovation , Ste 121
 Are you in charge or a self-appointed marketer of ideas, events and goings-on? You need to know about how... 
 Sign up today for 6/21/11 UWM Class: "Get Your Target Customer To Do What You Want"  via 
 3 Chambers. Networking Opportunity. ABLE West Reminder from the Wauwatosa Chamber of Commerce 
 Gathering Waters Fest at Lakeshore State Park today!  11 - 6 p.m. Lots going on for FREE.  Food trucks, Black Bear... 
   Trolling your tweeps?
 Great job lead for a vivacious personality type. Really nice company looking for a Marketing & Social Media... 
 Village of Wauwatosa FB page says, "Just talked to B Green owner Jan Annesley. She will be open for business on... 
   thank for the love!  A great list!
      Shucks, thanks!
 RT  Sending a  today to our local Chambers. You all do AMAZING work!     ...
 RT  $1.00 Sliders and $1.00 Chicken Strippers: 
 Don't Miss the Chamber Golf Outing!  Sponsor and foursome opportunities.  Brown Deer golf course!
   25 years later, I can tell you that doesn't stop. 
 RT   Tosa's Plein Air Affair Invites Artists -  
 Wauwatosa Chamber Monday Message  via
 RT  RT  Mobile Days made the Fox 6 Real Milwaukee show this morning! 
 RT  Auditions for "Family Feud" held in Green Bay on June 18. Families are invited to write to greenbay ...
 Mobile Days made the Fox 6 Real Milwaukee show this morning! 
 Hey  peeps, did any see the  segment today from our May event?  I missed it and would love a link.
   re 65th and North Ave = Home Solulions store, plus building facade getting a facelift.
 East Tosa continues to move torward.  Come out to the city council meeting on June 21st to support East Tosa's... 
 Ann Taylor  is giving 30% off one item today! 
 Next  Days, in case you missed the 1st, is August 18.  Meeting w/vendors today to plan.  Mark your calendars! 
 20 years of transformation in Wauwatosa, by Jim Price  
 ABLE North Reminder from the Wauwatosa Chamber of Commerce 
    Just heard the  segment from  will air Wednesday 6/8 !
 Just heard the  segment from  will air Wednesda 6/8 !    
 RT   Today we hit the  the Village Green Fair & now  the Highland Games  Hart Park. Great day  ...
 RT  ...Very Raspberry, Reese's Peanut Butter, Dutch Chocolate, Alpine Vanilla, Kiwi Strawberry Sorbet, Original Tart and ...
  Just opened Yo Mama frozen yogurt in the village doind a brisk business on this beautiful village fair day. Go see them!
 Yo Mama frozen yogurt shop opens in one hour. It'll be such a nice addition to the village. Congratulations to the Bergers!
 We're saddling up our bikes to head to the Village for all the festivities happening today.  Farmers Market,... 
   is breaking ground on State St. next week for new high end apartments Welcome to Tosa, Enclave!
 RT  Book release party was exceptional last night! Remembership - New Thinking for Tomorrow's Membership Organization www.re ...
 RT      Join us at Il Mito this weekend for our amazing new specials .http: ...
 Convergence of events this weekend in Tosa Village: Highland Games, Village Green Street Fair, Farmer's Market and... 
  "Free" is my budget, too.  Stil and all - fun event being "media"?
 Woot, Wauwatosa, holla!  Carol Deptolla talking about our recent and future  , again.  Thanks, Carol! 
   Molecular drink testing...
 New restaurant  is hiring. Jimmy's Island Grill & Iguana Bar, wait staff, bartenders,cocktail... 
 RT  Molecular-Level Mixology Makes for Monumental Fun - Wauwatosa,  
   There is a budget for that?  Gah!
 100 Things to Love About the New TOSA Pool at Hoyt Park - It's THE place to meet friends to celebrate the last day of school.
 Sweet! No. Really. Yo Mama frozen yogurt shop opens tomorrow in the village.   
 RT   It's tomorrow already! Doors open at 10:30AM, open until 10PM :)
 The sign is up at the new Tosa location of Maxfield's Pancake House. Open date is around July 4th. 
  See you soon.  What's the open date?  I think my kids want to set up camp outside ur doors.
 Dotting "i-s" and crossing "t-s" - you can now get to the new  website from the City of Wauwatosa's website
   Did you sample the monthly Ethiopian spiced special? TIBBS, I think. Fabulous!
         We have a nice Tosa Tweeps list u can follow :)
  the          <= our special peeps!
 RT  Okay. RT   Join us for the ROCK N RUN  on June 18th. Proceeds go to   ...
 My dad used to compete in the bagpipe competition, so I've been to many Scottish games. Great bands, great... 
 Absolutely! Go see the strong Scots this weekend. RT  Can we get a shout-out for Scottish Fest at Hart Park on Saturday?
    Milwaukee's food scene has grown so rich with choices.
   Mmm.  Watermelon gazpacho? Happy Downtown Dining Week, downtown friends!
 Save the date to Run for the Parks. Tosa is made more beautiful b/c of all its county parks. It's a great cause. 
 Wauwatosa area landlords and renters. We have a new chamber member in My Dwelling.com. Rental Brokers. 
 Lunchtime at Research Park. Our friend  has a delicious new Globaco - Tibbs. Incredible Ethiopian spicing. Come and get it!
 RT  Downtown Dining Week is here: Don't forget that Downtown Dining Week is running now through June 9. The event is... h ...
 Viva la Revolution ! New business  Expert fitness shoes and fittings for those who know what good... 
 I love my job. Just got to see/hear Coach Buzz Williams from MU give a talk at United Health Care WI.  What a guy! Love his accent.
 Our new member, Wirtz's Woodworks, is named  Best Carpenters in Milwaukee by Thumbtack.com.  Remodelers, custom... 
 Wauwatosa Chamber Monday Message  See what's happening in our business community this week.
 Please help us welcome Firefly Real Estate to the Wauwatosa Chamber of Commerce.  Firefly launched in December,... 
 Early June for our new member - Yo Mama - store opening 
 Did you have a great time in Wauwatosa for Memorial Day this weekend?  Here are the 4th of July details for more fun. 
 Tomorrow: ABLE West networking with Wauwatosa Chamber of C...  via 
 RT  Are you going to the Hoyt Pool, did you check out Tosa Farmers Market, is a trip to the zoo in the plans. Send us your ...
   Waukesha? Le Reve Cafe is in Wauwatosa, thankfully.
 RT  Godzilla from  is amazing. 10 out of 10 for sure! 
 Will Allen is speaking in Wauwatosa + pancake breakfast made w/ local ingredients 
 Trojan Players Car Wash Tomorrow! 8:30-2:30! If your car looks dirty (or even if it doesn't) please go and support... 
 We have the most picturesque Tosa Farmer's Market here behind.  Come visit us tomorrow.
       Happy  and Thank You, CCR!
 So much excitement over the opening of Wauwatosa's Hoyt Park Pool! 
   Valentine coffee is available in restaurants like Bartolotta's and at Tosa Farmer's Market on Saturdays.
 RT  This is great coffee!RT  Wauwatosa's own coffee roaster - Valentine's - article in  http:// ...
 RT  Epic Ladies Night at Mo's tonight!! LADIES DRINK FREE from 10-11:30pm....Smirnoff drinks, any tap beer , any wine... http:/ ...
 Wauwatosa's own coffee roaster - Valentine's - article in  
 Globacos for lunch?! You betcha! Try a global taco today, 11 am-2 pm at 10437 Innovation Drive, south entrance. 
 RT  Woman on the bus has a diamond stud where a teardrop tat would normally be. Does that mean she killed a unicorn?
 Yahoo! Welcome to the chamber  - retail clothing store 
 Thanks to the Ronald McDonald House, we had the chance to hear Joe Sweeney speak this morning and get a copy of... 
 Cold, rainy, miserable weather cure:  Get your photo id taken today for the new TOSA Pool at Hoyt Park 
  Hey, you! Long time no see.
 Wauwatosa Chamber Monday Message 
 Can't wait for Tosa Tonight! 
 American Euros are in the house! Wauwatosa's beautiful Research Park, 10437 Innovation Drive, south entrance.
 Ahhh. The smell of our friends  right outside our office door.  I have a date with a gyros + prospective member lunch meeting.
 RT  We now have a date for the official grand opening party for Big Frank's Wiener Waggin. RT to receive a special invit ...
  new Tues lunch special: Canned Beer Great Burgers.  Lunch pairing a list of specialty burgers with hot deals on cans of beer
 Tuesday business day start  with Firefly Real Estate s0-owner, Doug Sprague. 
 Bartolotta's going in to the former Eagan's space downtown. 
  Champagne punch doesn't save.  Get drinking!
 Nice write-up on Maggiano's at Mayfair in  
 RT     Hey Tosa! Our house is for sale & today is the open house! Psst, pass it on:
 RT  If the world doesn't end today that means you'll soon be treated to Big Frank's in about 2 weeks.  Truck is almost r ...
  Congratulations to all the UWM Class of 2011 ! Go and make the world a better place!
     "Beer Here: Godzilla from Milwaukee Brewing"
  Gracias for the update.
   craig  Tosa Beer Club is launched!   has good news re Godzilla brew from MBC
 RT  Not in the mood for breakfast indoors? Come see us today at the Tosa Farmers Market. Behind the historic red book store in ...
           Love the Tosa Tweeps!
 RT  Go  RT   Tosa Tweeps        ...
 RT  Back to Back Record setting days, thank downtown for giving us our best day on Water and Wisconsin!
 RT  Happy Friday! The weekend kicks off tonight with  Family Night with the Wisconsin  ht ...
  Congratulations on your new journey!  Best wishes for your path, Eric.
   Esteemed company, Thank you!
 New TOSA Pool grand opening party only 1 week from today! I heard nearlly 800 family memberships have been sold.
 RT  Get ur gelato on at cathedral square at Food Truck Friday!! 11-2!
  pictures from  yesterday.  Frankie's was so popular, they sold out of Italian Beefs! 
 "Lunch party for a thousand" says  See pics from  
 I posted 18 photos on Facebook in the album "Mobile Days: May 19, 2011" 
  Will do.  We should catch up one on one or w/ Alicia soon.
  Yee-ah, baby!  part deux Aug. 18th
 RT   can't wait to do that again 
  Do you have Aug 18 on your calendar?  - part deux
  I'm guessing 1,000 attendees.
  Did you try another vendor? They weren't all out. I had  around 2p
  Great to see you today! I'm so glad you could make to 
  thanks too to our hotels for their shuttle vans, parking lots and fine staff assistance... 
 Thanks for coming    
  Good news.  is opening a store nearby
 Thank you to    
 RT  Thank you  all the participants and especially all the people that came out to make the 1st   ...
 RT  Thank you so much to the  !!  was a huge success! Can't wait until the next one.
 Wauwatosa's 1st  a raging success - say the food trucks & carts. Next one is August 18th. 
         A great day, everyone!  Thanks SOO much
  thanks, cont.     cowboykettlecorn  movin'&lubin' 
 Many tweeps to thank        
 Dang my dogs are aching from standing all day at  in big girl shoes.
 RT   is now trending in  
  So good to see you, too, Lane!
 RT  FABULOUS! RT I'm thinking  at Milwaukee County Research Park is a success!  http: ...
 Thank you  for putting on  last night!  It was tons of fun!
  is the first food truck to arrive to prep for  It's today. 11 a.m. - 2 p.m.
 Mobile Days Promotes Trend Toward Deals on Wheels - Wauwatosa,  
 Chamber members are invited to see  at this Ronald McDonald House breakfast next week. 
 RT   RT   - Announcing AGU... First courses focus on Social Media Training! Details here ht ...
 Fromk MyCommunityNOW:  Our most-read story on WauwatosaNOW.com last week? This story on  
 Only 1 hour until  TweetUp set-up begins  !  Coming???????
  That is so fantastic!  Thank you for sharing that info.
 RT  Our most-read story on WauwatosaNOW.com last week? This story on   (cc: 
  Kari's excited she got a quote in this article! Thanks  !  
 This is gonna be a blast.   TweetUp  tomorrow.  $1 from your drinks goes to  
 RT  Go to http:/girls.org/Milwaukee for details on the Annual Bachlorette and Bachelor Auction this Thursday at Whiskey Bar
 RT  Another great article about the  tweetup by  from   
 RT  Tweeting up Tosa 
 Wauwatosa Chamber Monday Message 
 RT   ( Hector's) 
 RT   Friendly reminder: Explore Wauwatosa is tomorrow! 
 Hey  ! Thanks for the   Tweet Up love.  See you tomorrow, then!
 What a great week! We welcome the accounting firm of Clifton Gunderson to the Wauwatosa Chamber.  AND  
 RT  Can't Wait to Attend!  Hope it's great weather like last Thursday! ... 
 RT  This Wednesday   at 5pm!  $1 from every drink purchased goes to benefit the   ...
  Perfect!  is the target neighborhood - up and down Watertown Plank to the 
 RT  How fun! We'll be there! RT  I don't see any rain in Thursday's forecast - so plan to lunch at  ...
 From  Dick Leinenkugle and Jim & Russ from LakeFront Brewery are all here sampling Oaty Goat... 
  Any time you need help with Tosa stuff, please know we're here to help!
 RT  Hey  Which Tosa Biz would like to donate 2 the  silent auction for the Charity Golf Classic? Good cause,  ...
 I don't see any rain in Thursday's forecast - so plan to lunch at   Research Park!
 RT  Thank you to all the new follows!  We hope you can all make it June 17th & 18th to the Rotary Performance Pavilion!
