 Missed my interviews today? Tune into Speed 51 radio w/   &  on   at 7pm EST TOMORROW! 
 Tune in NOW hear me on Gary Danko's The Speedway Line Report Radio Show at 6:45 pm at . 
 RT  We're gearing up for the  Finale at Thompson   
 RT  Check out my  Advance for Brockville Ontario Speedway this weekend   
 RT  Tune into  at 5:15 pm EST for my interview with  We'll talk about the   ...
 RT  SEF 200 fast timer Jimmy Phelps posts flag-to-flag win by 5 car-lengths over Stewart Friesen in 1st Big-Block Triple 2 ...
 RT  Jimmy Phelps wins the Thursday night's 100-lap Mr. DIRTcar 358-Modified Series event at Brewerton Speedway, outduelin ...
 RT  Jimmy Phelps takes 200 pole, then wins 358 race at Brewerton Speedway 
 In Syracuse for   &  are both running this week. Dirt racing is my favorite kind of 
 Good to see the  boys on track yest  We're watching  today-then back to  racing tom!
 Sponsoring the TBR No. 36  Sprint Cup car at  this weekend!  Excited to see Mohawk on the hood! 
 RT  HBR driver  just won the rain-shortened Big Show at Orange County Fair Speedway! Congrats Jimmy!
 Congrats Bobby! RT  I made speed51.com's Top-51 Short Track Racing Prospects list!
 Back at it this weekend!  and  racing at Stafford Motor Speedway!
 Great job buddy! RT  Had an AWESOME weekend. Got the pole, track record, and WIN yesterday  Thompson International Speedway!
 I'm ready for the NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour season to get started! Here's the 2010 schedule: 
 RT  Lets win this!!  Go to Troyer Racecars fan page and vote "like" for the 99j design so we can win the Troyer coat... ht ...
 What races are you going to be watching this weekend?
 Really nice Olympic Closing Ceremonies last night...now back to regularly scheduled programming.
 If you haven't already, check out the new  fan page on Facebook and become a fan! 
 FYI, the next race for  is on March 20th at Selinsgrove Speedway in Selinsgrove, PA
 Rain Cancels DIRTcar Nationals race tonight At  Tomorrow's race is going to be even bigger for 
 Congrats to  driver  for making it into the Daytona 500 in the No. 36  Chevy!
 The No. 98H hauler has left for  and we're only a few days away from the DIRTcar Nationals! Hope you'll come see the race!
 Don't forget to follow  and 
 Make sure you're following  and  for all the news regarding next week's DIRTcar Nationals!
 Just 8 more days til  races at Volusia! 
 RT  CONGRATS TO  She won the FIRST clue to the "Find, Meet and Cheer Contest!" The clue was at the Activ8 Offices!
 RT  The FIRST clue for "The Official Find, Meet and Cheer Contest" 
 Follow Activ8 Communications: 
 Follow Heinke-Baldwin Racing:      
 Heinke-Baldwin Racing Calls On Activ8 Communications to Promote Short Track Programs: 
