 Inspirational story about a young woman who grew up near my home town. "Cancer can't hold back Minnesota wakeboarder"  
 RT  The Prairie Editor unleashes on  "Beginning of the end of a
 Well done Bill! RT  Congrats to GOP endorsed Bill Coughlin on his victory to the Burnsville City Council tonite!  
 RT  NFIB Report: 1 in 8 employer insurance plans getting the axe since Obamacare - 
 RT  How can Don Mattingly be SO far down in Hall of Fame voting? He was not a god but the god in my childhood.
 RT  Guys,I don't want to sound braggy, but I interviewed some AMAZING ppl tonight at the  Gala. Full sto ...
 The Hunter S. Thompson You Don't Know:    A book every politico should read: Fear and Loathing On the Campaign Trail '72
 RT  Ron Paul a NO on Cut, Cap, Balance, despite signing the pledge.  On too many issues he finds "principled" reasons to  ...
 RT  Stephen Moore  "Big victory for  &  It's also a win for MNs who won't face new taxes" http:// ...
 RT  MN House Speaker  will be on air with us shortly to discuss for an update on gov shutdown talks Tune in: ...
 Cured my Gus Johnson withdrawal...RT  Gus Johnson and Bill Raftery on the call for Amy Wamback's goal: 
  Sure hope you're having Blue Bunny!
 RT  There is a reason this is so.  It's because it really is the best out there for conservatives.  
 RT  I visited a very special girl yesterday at the children's hospital in Minnesota. Soon I will share her story, it will ...
 A fantastic short video that all should watch: Economic Freedom and Quality of Life    
 Read this:   CEO Annette Meek's  op-ed "If other governors can be responsible, why can't ours?"  
 From MN corn fields to wall street RT  Profile: Big hedge fund manager twice got lift from Cargill 
 A noteworthy accomplishment indeed, good  editorial: "The Year Of School Choice"  
 A must read in the  by Jay Cost: "Polling Nonsense"   
 Good news. RT  Breaking: Cong negotiators have broken a stalemate on trade pacts with South Korea, Colombia and Panama. 
  Nope, that evidently was my MN political twin 
 Case Study: How Facebook Ads Defeated a Florida Ballot Initiative  
  and   op-ed: "Victory Is The Answer In Libya" 
  and Rep Gruenhagen discussing National Popular Vote at MN Republican Liberty Caucus summer picnic. 
 RT  2010 FFM study reviewed UofM spending  RT  UofM Regents vote to raise tuition… (cont) ht ...
 Great Pic! RT  Breitbart in Minnesota.   
 Gov't run healthcare doesn't work. RT  DAILY MAIL: Breast cancer patients too old to save   
 RT  Right Meets Left and Left Meets Right Happy Hour. RightOnline. Thurs 5-7 
 "White Eagle vodka is not your friend."  To the girl who just downed her third bloody mary.    
  maiden speech doesn't disappoint, wow...   
 Pippa...my only tweet of the debate. RT  Governor Romney: Kate or Pippa? 
 "Europe's Organic Food Scare: Bart Simpson as chief safety technologist."  
 RT  MT  At this pt. in their 1st term Reagan, Bush '43 & Clinton all had econ approval at 47-49%. Latest Obama e ...
 "Where We Are Is NOT Who We Are..." Another must watch  video:     
 "As Promised, Free Trade Agreements Deliver More Trade" Win-win for the economy and consumers...    
 And Boom Goes the Dynamite! "Ping-Pong with Norm Coleman" 
 RT   "Obama's Worst week, Pawlenty's best"   
 "(MN) Republican budget: the largest general fund budget in state history" Kersten in Star Tribune:   
 Reagan's Point du Hoc speech commemorating the 40th Anniversary of D-Day.  Worth 13 minutes of your time today.  
 In case you missed it over the weekend, great piece by  in  "Four Words: He Made It Worse"  
  Health care debate that's radioactive: where to build the region's radiation treatment centers  
 Saul Anuzis, Republican National Committee member, in  "Conservatives Need Popular Vote"   
 RT  In which Tim Pawlenty jumps to the head of the line with one tweet    
 RT  Dayton wants "bipartisan election reform."  Our SurveyUSA poll shows broad bipartisan support for voter ID among Minnesotan ...
 Don't believe it...RT  Minnesotans ranked 4th smartest drivers. 
 Why  supports National Popular Vote: current system ignores small states & is conducive to fraud. 
 In case you missed it,  on MSNBC's  talking about National Popular Vote.    
 If there is any question on why Senator Rubio is already a VP candidate, check out his video on Medicare Reform:  
 RT  So far, the GOP-introduced 2012 budget plans are averaging 41 Senate votes.  Democrat-crafted plan(s) are averaging a ro ...
 RT  Amazin DC Monthly article frm 1988 detailing alcoholism on Capitol Hill:  "1 Sen so drnk he p ...
 Great question. RT   Are you saying we should count one-time federal stimulus dollars as part of base revenue? 
 RT  80s/90s solutions to 21st century issues? Really? /State's GOP has lost its way & many party veterans know it . ...
 RT  Please read joint article by myself and Rep. Steve Simon on NPV.    
 "Win the Vote, Win the Presidency" Excellent op-ed on National Popular Vote by  and    
 Like...RT  A very good week ahead. Here's why  
 New Hampshire, the Hong Kong of the Northeast? "Right to Work in New England" 
 In case you missed it:  on  show yesterday making the case for National Popular Vote:  
 What National Popular Vote bill is and isn't... Tune into www.am1100.TV and learn more on the  show.  
  making the case on the  show as to why National Popular Vote is good for rural America.  
 You can listen to  discussing National Popular Vote on Scott Hennen Show by going to www.am1100.TV  and clicking "listen live"
 RT   you can listen live to Laura Brod discussing The National Popular Vote by going to www.am1100.TV and clickin ...
 Interested in learning more about the National Popular Vote?  Tune into  now! 
 RT  Missed Monday's event on the National Popular Vote bill?  Check out this link for the audio:... 
 Overheard during a job interview at the local coffee shop: Q: What do you like to do in your free time?  A:  I like to gamble.
 "Tea Partiers Should Take A Good Look At National Popular Vote"  
 Wrapping up an hour long conversation on National Popular Vote at the Humphrey Institute. Where is the opposition?
 Great discussion at the Humphrey Institute on National Popular Vote. Lots of head nodding in approval throughout the crowd.
 Dr. John Koza and Larry Jacobs discussing National Popular Vote at the Humphrey Institute.  
 Why do all the girls do after the guy with the top hot and dreaded beard?  
 "National Popular Vote - What Is It?" By former MI GOP Party Chairman Saul Anuzis:   
  got it, btw, you need to get rid of that red tractor in your profile pic.
 Continuing to talk about National Popular Vote.  At  yesterday,  on Monday, details:  
   Cedar Rapids, right?
 What to learn more about National Popular Vote? Come to the Humphrey Institute ( on May 16.  Details:  
 Very important RT   describing how National Popular Vote abides by the Constitution, preserves state's rights.
 RT  National Popular Vote - see my reasons why I support it:
 RT  At National Press Club with National Popular Vote leaders John Koza & Tom Golisano announcing new national supporters.
 RT  Fred Thompson will serve as a "co-champion" for the "Popular Vote system" which would reform the electoral system - http ...
 RT  Sellnow's Journal: Should the president be elected by national popular vote? 
 Stu Rothenberg:  Only 6 to 8 true tossup states (CO, NV, VA, NC, OH, IA, FL, NH) in a close 2012 presidentia… (cont) 
 Matt Mayer - Buckeye Institute: Only 4 states (OH, IA, NH, FL) matter in 2012 presidential election.    
 "Opponents of the National Popular Vote Have It Wrong"   
 In the last 48 hrs I've hung out w/the US Naval Academy Cadets & then w/the crowd outside the White House last nite. Unforgettable period...
 US Naval Academy Cadets react to OBL's death at the hands of Navy SEALS:  
 A big thrill to be outside the White House tonight... 
 Yep...RT  I think every GW undergrad is partying outside the White House right now. 
 At the White House, big crowd gathering, just saw a Bush/Cheney sign...
 Was walking past the White House when the news broke. Incredible, what a night...
 Tea Partiers like National Popular Vote   
 RT  Want 2 do something 2 counter the radical attacks on common sense? Adopt a Senate campaign. Plenty of grass roots work ...
 RT  Great day in MN. Good to be with leaders who are committed to improving the quality of education in their state!   ...
 RT  My message to them is that its not what happens to you that determines how far you will go in life it is how you handle ...
 "Radiation Therapy Moratorium: The CON Game on Steroids"    
 RT  Gave students at the U of Maryland preview of my MBA course - Business in a Political Age.  ...
 Must read  "Minnesota Legislature to Cancer Patients: We're going to Make Life Difficult for You"  
  first tv ad is out.  A must see:    
 RT  Suddenly paying attention to Tim Pawlenty as a real candidate since he hired Nick Ayers.  That's huge.
 RT  AGCO moves mfg plant from France to Jackson, MN and creates 150 new jobs.  Congrats!! 
 200 mtg/speaking requests per week, wow...RT  The rapid emergence of Marco Rubio. 
 RT  Why can't cancer patients get all their treatment in one clinic? Politics? Turf war for doctors? I have answers on 5 E ...
  of course, up front again...
  you here?
 RT  Don't we dishonor the memories of those who have died for our freedoms when we fail to guarantee free &fair elections? -  ...
 RT  Tonight's sets: In Tall Buildings 9pm, James McMorrow 9:45pm, Rural Alberta Advantage 11pm. RAA is pregaming  ...
 One of the best ways to help an economy. RT  Cameron wants Japan EU trade deal 
 Little advice for college coaches, recruit a guard from New York. Jimmer, Kemba and now Momo. 
 Iowa is  what? RT  NEW Harris Poll|  is America's favorite  team and  is  
 Yes he will. RT  Too bad there's no country called Mikey. Because then Nato could get Mikey to try it, Mikey will try anything.
 Wow, over half are unions. RT  biggest political donors in politics  since 1989, Unions lead the way. 
 "Men May Be Jerks...But Women Are Insane" 
 Detroit 5th largest city in 1950, has now fallen to 19th.  "Detroit Population Crashes" 
 RT  Donald Trump to Headline Iowa GOP’s Lincoln Dinner: Iowa GOP Chairman Matt Strawn today announced that Donald J.... http: ...
 "unpretentious, likeable and approachable" RT  New blog post: Pawlenty emerges as populist, not preacher 
 Congrats to KMS grad Kevin Steinhaus on becoming an All-American with a win tonight at the NCAA Wrestling Championships!  
 Morehead State 
 Murdock still rules...RT  Swift County is 1st, But Not in a Good Way  
 Wow, Kemba Walker, Wow....  
 Sports or politics, same story, same outcome. Good WSJ piece: Badgers vs. Gophers:   
 American Majority's Tea Party Straw Poll. 1.8 million votes cast so far: 1) Ryan 4) Bachmann 6) Pawlenty  
 A great addition. RT  Meet Goff Public's newest strategic partner - Joe Martin   or follow Joe 
 RT  If you haven't checked out the MyTeaParty.org Straw Poll, you need to; 1.8 mil votes and counting:   ...
  releases video: "Tea Party: A New Birth of Freedom"  
 Wow....RT  Also Kaiser Poll--22% think health care law has already been repealed, and 26% more aren't sure.
 RT  My thoughts in the Examiner about the fight in Wisconsin:       
 If you haven't read this yet today, you should:  "Government Unions Have Not Benefited the Public"  
 Sam I am! RT  It would have been great to see Rodney Williams vs. Sam Jacobson in his prime in a dunk contest.
 Watching C-Webb and the NBA dunk contest. Regardless of your opinion, he undeniably changed college basketball...  
  did a great job presenting at the American Majority training in St. Paul today! Simply the best!   
 Wrapping up another successful American Majority training. Special thanks to  for being our guest speaker!  
 Over 40 energized folks at American Majority Candidate/Grassroots training in St. Paul this morning!   
 Saw them twice last year. RT  To prep for  show tomorrow, listening to "Murder in the City" non stop today. SO PSYCHED.
 RT  Both former Republican representatives advance for spots on  Board of Regents  Background: http:/ ...
 U of MN grad. RT  Bill Burton is leaving admin. FWIW, I thought he was the most skillful person the admin has put at the podium.
 Congrats  well deserved!  
 Mumford & Sons and  are truly amazing..... Two of the best concerts I saw last year 
 Agreed! RT  Bob Dylan,  and Mumford & Sons is what I am most looking forward to at  That and more Gaga, natch.
 Interested in American Majority's St. Paul Training on Feb 19? Tune into  show at 4:35 and listen to AM's  
 If the  had Minnesotans Jordan Taylor and Jon Leur....Badgers beat  OSU, can't be beaten at the Kohl Center, record 150-11.
 American Majority President  monthly  column on the  movement     
 Watching  & live in MN? Then you should attend American Majority's St. Paul training on Feb 19   
  Well, it looks like he'll be able to take one during the Big Dance...
 Has Ralph ever wanted something more than the next guy? RT  "I think Illinois just wanted it more than we did."
 Bruce Weber and Tom Emmer could be long-lost brothers. 
 Good work! RT  VOTED YEA on HF1. Bill streamlines environmental permitting, improving MN biz climate and driving job creation
 Packed house at the MN North Metro TPP mtg. Ran out of fliers for American Majority's upcoming St. Paul Candidate/Grassroots Training.
 RT  We're excited to announce the launch of our new monthly newsletter - The Groundswell -   ...
 RT  Speaker Zellers: "We agree with Gov. Cuomo (D-NY) & Gov. Brown (D-CA)"  that tax hikes in a recession are detrimental.
 Not a fan of more taxes and more spending?  Attend the American Majority training in St. Paul on Feb 19!   
 RT  DVR is set RT  Reagan Documentary tonight at 9 pm EST on HBO. should be good.
 My boss  on Fox and Friends this morning addressing Palin's latest interview.     
 "Why MN Conservatives Should Attend An American Majority Training"    
 New  mag cover suggests Obama's new role model is Reagan.  Seriously?  Let's first remember this:    
  is spot on "Changing the Model For Public Workers is Necessary"   
 Wow,  totally knocked it out of the park tonight on 
 My  blog post "Reducing Spending Isn't Partisan Politics"    
 Great to see  giving the GOP State of the Union response.  
  on why the health care law is not deficit-neutral. He is right & nobody does it better. ! 
 Check out my boss's ( most recent piece in the American Spectator, "Getting Below the Surface"   
 Congrats 2 my former boss! RT  Former congressman Mark Kennedy joins Parker Rosen (Jim Hammerand's Law Blog) 
 RT My guess is that Peggy Noonan will still have the position of "best memorial speech ever" after tonight. 
 Great interview by Charlie Rose with Jack Dorsey, Founder of Twitter.  Extremely insightful.  
 RT  Regents:The council has voted to advance Laura Brod, Thomas Devine, Steve Sviggum to the Legislature for the 2nd district s ...
 From my hometown too RT  Last up 4  board is Robert Kennedy, prez of U Maine. Native Minnesotan, U alum, lifelong alumni member
 Get him off Facebook now! RT  Trevor Mbakwe's Facebook msg: 'I'm not trying 2 start any drama'   
 Love it! RT  House bill introduced to reduce size of  to 56 members and  to 112 members  
 Wow, sickening...RT   Looks like Tea Party Express in the same boat as Sanders.  
 RT  Pawlenty’s defense of Palin 
 RT  Hispanic voters are ~3 times more prevalent in states that gained cong. seats vs. states that lost them. . ...
 RT  Changing of the guard at Wellstone Action. Jeff Blodgett will become founding director and Ben Goldfarb will take over as  ...
 If you haven't heard about American Majority, check them out by reading their annual report!     
 A true patriot RT  hotdishpolitics: Vets for Freedom's Hegseth 'moving out to draw fire'  
 This week's post "What to Give Thanks For This Holiday Season?  How About Social Media?"     
 Congrats 2 a family friend & fellow Murdock native David Frederickson, today named Ag Commissioner by Gov-elect Dayton. 
 RT  American Majority wants to infuse new  blood in system -  
 American Majority trained 614 candidates in 2010, 137 of them were trained by the Minnesota office.    
 Time Mag article - Tea Party and the Tax-Cut  Compromise.  Contains thoughts from American Majority's Ned Ryun.  
 My boss  on Fox and Friends this morning talking about the tax compromise in Congress.    
 Post for the week:  "A Political Activist In A Class All By Himself"    
 Check out American Majority's New Leaders Project.  Erick Erickson is a fan and you should be too!     
 Great Politico piece on American Majority's New Leader Project that was announced today:      
 My blog post for the week:  "Conservatives Need to Show Leadership"        
 RT  Headed up to New York City tomorrow for Sean Hannity's show.   
 In Des Moines, IA w/  talking w/ a great group of folks about holding elected leaders accountable.   
  Hey, if you aren't busy tomorrow and want to get together for lunch let me know.
 RT  Feingold has been characterized as independent, but he's a liberal maverick -- his splits from the party are to the left.
 I couldn't agree moreRT  Make sure you know where to go vote tomorrow morning. Look up your polling location here: 
  absolutely!!
 See you there! RT  I just paid a ridiculous amount for a ticket to  .
 Great piece by WSJ's Kimberley Stassel, a MUST read: "The Biggest Election Myths of 2010"      
 Sign up for GOTV shifts now!RT  Release: Internal Poll Shows Dead Heat in Race for Governor   
 RT  5 days 20 hrs until  polls close...maybe time for  like calls 2 staff "what are u doing to get the ...
 RT  Killer new voter fraud app. Check it:     
 Post for the week:  "Make Those Phone Calls and Knock on Those Doors!"       
 RT  Download this! MT  Have you seen the new American Majority Action Voter Fraud App? 
 Report suspected voter fraud on your smartphone! Download American Majority Action's voter fraud app here:   
 Strong-arm tactics of the left on full display up on the Range, but this time it didn't work!      
 35 percent of likely voters in this election are tea party supporters, via John Fund - speaking at Freedom Foundation of MN event.
 RT  Premise of MA question is false - DEBUNKED here:  Fed money is not free. 
 Horner believes that ObamaCare isn't government run health care.  Fact check that...  
 Great point! RT  According to Dayton's claim, each dollar in LGA cuts results in 33 cents of total taxpayer savings. 
