 The fall roster has been finaalized...We will be starting professional instruction  on September 10th!
 Summer Nationals in Myrtle Beach, SC is next week! We are prepared to defend ourChampionship Title!! The road to... 
 Summer
 Summer Nations in Myrtle Beach, SC is next week!  We are prepared to defend our Championship Title!!  The road to... 
 Triple Crown Summer Nationals in Myrtle Beach, SC is next week...we are preparing to defend our Championship title!  www.goviperbaseball.com
  Dont spam.
 We are gearing up for the Freedom Weekend Aloft Championship tournament this weekend in Simpsonville, SC!!  www.goviperbaseball.com
  We look forward to playing in your tournament this weekend...See you there!
 Vipers take home 1st place in the Mothers Day Challenge Tournament in Morganton, NC...www.goviperbaseball.com
 Viper practice Sunday afternoon....Big tournament next weekend!!
 USSSA 2nd Annual Mighty Casey Super Global Championship this weekend in Rock Hill, SC! Quest for the rings!  www.goviperbaseball.com
 Vipers take home 1st place at Top Gun Tournament in Lexington!  www.goviperbaseball.com 
 Vipers take home 1st place at Top Gun Tournament in Lexington!  www.goviperbaseball.com 
 Vipers Win 1st Tournament of the Spring!  1st place in the Top Gun Super Super Super NIT in Lexington, NC!    www.goviperbaseball.com
 Vipers are playing up an age group on April 11th and 12th! We are playing a 10U tourney in Lexington, NC. Visit www.goviperbaseball.com!
 Vipers finish 3rd in the USSSA Spring Fling tournament in Rock Hill, SC.  Visit our site for more info:  www.goviperbaseball.com
 6th Annual USSSA Spring Fling tournament this weekend in Rock Hill, SC. Visit the site for more info: www.goviperbaseball.com
 The Applebees Flapjack Fundraiser event was a huge success!  Thank you to everyone who participated.  We appreciate your continued support!!
 Great day in Charlotte...Cant wait to get out on the field for practice tonight!!
 Check out the new Banner for the spring season...It will be displayed at all tournaments that the Vipers enter!... 
 Check out the new Banner for the spring season...It will be displayed at all tournaments that the Vipers enter!... 
 Check out the new banner for the spring season!  It will be displayed at all tournaments!  
 The Vipers 1st tournament of the spring is this weekend..USSSA March Madness NIT in Rock Hill, SC.  Get fired up!
  We wont be there...we are playing in the NC state tournament that week I believe.
  We are 9 year olds.  Travel baseball, so we are not affiliated with one specific league.  We play in several league tourneys
  Thanks for the shout out!  Good luck to you too, we are all big wrestling fans as well!
 Vipers Break Ground on New Training Facility... 
 Vipers Break Ground on Practice Facility 
 The weather is starting to break...Preparing for our 1st tournament on March 13 in Rock Hill!
 We are still accepting sponsor applications and donations for the spring...Please help our non-profit organization!  www.goviperbaseball.com
 Happy President's Day!  Looking forward to another huge practice at Carolina's Baseball Center tomorrow night!
 Happy Friday...Looking forward to a relaxing weekend!  Maybe take a trip or two to the batting cages 
 We are still looking for some donations and sponsorships for the Spring season!  Please help a non-profit organization...Tax deductible too!
 Enter for your chance to win a brand new ComBat B1 Big Barrell Bat!  Purchase your chance through our site...
 Please support the Vipers and purchase tickets to the 1st Annual Applebee's Flapjack Breakfast! 
 Great practice last night  are getting better and better, and should be well prepared for opening day!
 Looking forward to an intense practice tonight  should wear ¾ sleeve practice shirt and vipers baseball shorts!
  Thanks for the link...We will be in contact!
 Good morning Charlotte!  Gearing up for Viper practice tomorrow 
 Still looking for sponsors for the spring season!  We are a non-profit organization, which means your sponsorship is tax deductible!
 Great practice last night   Looking forward to an awesome spring season in the Carolinas!
 Please visit the fundraising page of our website to become a sponsor...  
 The Vipers are looking for more sponsors for the upcoming season...We are a non-profit organization, so any donation is tax deductible!
 First official Viper team practice on Tuesday at Carolinas Baseball Center!
 Good morning Charlotte...The website has been updated with some schedule changes.  Be sure to check out 
 The Vipers had a fun and successful Kick Off party yesterday!  Thank you to all of the families and friends of the organization for coming!
 Be sure to check out the schedule section of  for tournament updates!
 Sunny and 65 today in Charlotte...Perfect baseball weather, I just hope we get a few more days like this!
 MLK Day...The kids are off and it a beautiful, sunny day in Charlotte!
 Huge Friday...Batting cages with the boys this evening!
 Good morning Charlotte...Beautiful day today.  I think I might get the glove out and throw the ball around today with my son!
 Warming up in Charlotte today...Almost baseball weather!
 Added our updated schedule to the website...Check it out:  Http://www.goviperbaseball.com
 Still freezing in Charlotte....Cant wait for the Spring!
 Website is now up and running...will be adding more information daily.  Check it out at 
  Still working on it right now...will be up shortly.  Thanks!
 Be sure to check out our new website...
 Looking forward to a successful spring baseball season in the Carolinas!
