 We look forward to seeing everyone tonight at the  wine dinner at  
 RT  Come to "Wiens Family Vineyards Wine Dinner" Thursday, July 28 from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Il Fornaio Managing... http: ...
 Krista McCarty, San Diego Restaurants Examiner shares her healthy choice for local dining  
  Thanks for joining us after the races. Come back soon!   
 RT  Fun yesterday  with cocktails   but the crowds pushed us to delicious food  ...
  Jeff Hunter, Executive Chef Jason Maitland & SommelierGM Jerome Astolfi celebrate SIP  via 
 If you're not on our email list make sure to subscribe to our monthly newsletter. Here's the July Del Mar Plaza Update! 
 Race season has started in Del Mar! Stop by for a cool snack   get hooked up with some 
 Love it! RT  Going to  Stop by our patio on 1555 Camino Del Mar to enjoy our pop-up Smashdog Stand 
 RT  RT  Luke's trifecta today -  (W),  (P),  (S).  
 Happy Opening Day Del Mar! See you later for the after party!
 Garys got the guys covered! RT  Opening Day fashion inspiration for tomorrow at  
 RT  Try Flavor's Queen's Tea cocktail Wednesday: Absolut wild tea vodka, ginger-sage honey water, st. germain elderflower  ...
 Excellent choice for a warm summer day! RT  Chino Farm Tomato Salad with plum dressing and Grilled corns. They're so sweet!
 RT  For Wednesday RT  There will be valet in Del Mar near Bully's for Opening Day   ...
 RT  72nd season of  begins Wed! A few of our favorite pre/post race spots:    ...
   Hope to see you Wednesday at Saratoga Saddlery! Cheers!
 RT  Complimentary mimosas? Say no more. 
 RT  love it! may have to! RT  Before heading to the track this Wednesday, join us for complimentary mimosas a ...
 Be a winner and look fabulous on Opening Day! Visit Ooh La La on Market Level at DMP for a variety of fashion finds and race day hats!
 A toast to Opening Day in Del Mar! Before heading to the track this Wednesday, join us for complimentary mimosas at Saratoga Saddlery.
 RT  Visiting Del Mar? New to the area? Utilize this vacation Happy Hour guide featuring    ...
 Prance over to the Plaza on Opening Day! Top social spots for "Best Del Mar eats and party scene"  via  
 Showcase your personal style & stand out among the crowd at Opening Day w/ a sophisticated Lanvin accessory from Gerhard 
 Garys located at DMP makes preparing for Opening Day easy for any man! Visit Garys today for great race day selections 
  Love your colorful flower pins! Perfect accessory to pair with any   outfit! 
 Opening Day at the racetrack is only one week away! Make sure to visit Del Mar Plaza as you round up items for the perfect race wear outfit.
 ‎Check out the top 5 summer must have's this season! Fabulous finds via  from Urban Girl Accessories, and more!...
  Have you tried  Tangerine Jalapeno featured on  Great cocktail for a nice summer day like today!
 DMP Music Nights are back in action! Join us tonight w/  from 5pm-7pm and stay for a beautiful sunset! 
 Flavor Flave "Flavor Del Mar impresses palates, not wallets"   
 DMP Fashion Find: Cotton stretch shirts available on Plaza Level  
 RT   - be sure to tell everyone at the plaza about  giveaway for this Sunday's match!!!  ...
 RT  you rock!! RT   love:  ,  ,  ,  ,  (cont) http:// ...
  I recommend DMP for racewear dresses, shoes, and accessories! Try  for a fabulous race day hat.
  Happy Friday! Make it to  this week?!
 Only at DMP! RT  "Wow, this is better than a frapp (from Starbucks)" Come in and try one of our coffee iced blendeds today.
 RT  Meeting at  and seriously considering dinner at  is a must!
 5 Summer Cocktails highlighting local flavors from     via  
  Sounds delish! RT  SD's toastiest grilled cheeses via    
 RT   happy Friday to you!
 Happy          
 Soft summer time skirts from  Discover how Capri inspired these flowing silhouettes via Facebook 
 It's 5 o'clock somewhere! Reverse  at  starts tonight at 9pm-close. 'Hot & Spicy Chicken Wings’ please!
 RT  Fun Food Month in SD including  Summer Solstice RT  SD Food Events: June's looking delicious http:/ ...
 RT  Glad you indulged! RT     Confirmed: Nutter Butter Smash Shake is ...
 RT    Thanks for visiting Del Mar!     ht ...
  Thanks for the Friday love!        
 RT           
 RT  Our  location has a new neighbor!  Visit  this weekend to eat and shop + there's ...
  You and  should pop over!  We're in the process of hosting a  tweetup. Details to come!
 RT  me too! can't wait! RT   We're looking forward to the NEW Ocean Bar on June 1st!  ...
 Welcome Urban Girl Accessories! Glad to have you at Del Mar Plaza! 
 FREE inspirational  book readings presented by Scripps Performing Arts Thurs. mornings at DMP   
 This would be a hit in Del Mar! RT  RT   you need some cycling shorts. Perhaps  sport line? High fashion cycling
 RT  Our Scribe Wine Dinner is June 7th!  We will be featuring a 4 course meal and hors d’oeuvres that pair perfectly with  ...
 Work in Del Mar? Enjoy a sushi snack for lunch  starting June, 1 
  We're looking forward to the NEW Ocean Bar on June 1st! 
 Great San Diego guide via  for the best sunset dining views  
 Start the week off right with Bloody Monday  
 RT           ...
 Bright and colorful! Elbow scoop neck tees 2 for $12 at  now until June 26 
 Congrats Grad! You did it! Celebrate graduation with a Japanese dinner  & receive 10% off from your bill 
 NEW Happy Buddha Hour at    
 The upper deck will be closed tonight for the Del Mar Rotary's annual Sunset Soiree 
 Is your mom a sushi fan?! This weekend treat your mom to a Japanese meal  for only $28 per person! 
 Celebrate Mother's Day with a FREE Meal for Mom  in  !
   Thanks for the  LOVE and Happy Mother's Day Weekend!
 RT  Happy           ...
 Cheer up MOM w/ a visit to Loghman Jewelers & browse their collection of elegant jewelry when you visit DMP this weekend 
 Shop with MOM  in   
 In honor of  visit DMP Fri-Sat for the Del Mar Art Center sidewalk sale. The perfect opportunity to find a unique gift for mom!
 DMP Fashion Find RT  In case you missed it: Check out  w/ our Leather Tote  
 RT  The only thing hotter than the weather in Del Mar is freshly brewed Weaver's Organic Coffee. Visit  & enjoy!
 Now coffee lovers can enjoy  by the scoop  Stop by DMP today for ice cream and an ocean view! 
 Take mom to Del Mar Plaza for Mother's Day -   Restaurant Menu 
  Has good taste  
 RT  Starting this Sat. 4/30, you can get Weaver's  in  Get hooked up by the cup, or by the poun ...
   I like that idea! We hope to host more socials once we complete our on site upgrades. We'll keep you posted!
 RT  “ I think  should host monthly "get togethers"/ cocktail evenings. The plaza could use some ...
 RT       Food for thought: Del Mar  Restaurant Guide! ...
  Thanks for sharing Peaches en Regalia with your readers! 
 RT  Luv this men's store & Fr's Day is just rd the corner! RT  Peaches en Regalia is back  wit ...
 RT  Peaches en Regalia (one of  1st tenants) is back with a new look & its original name 
  We♥little  RT  Our little  has    on the brain
 20% off at Peache's en Regalia today at DMP   
 Del Mar dates via        
 RT   Thanks for sharing! En Fuego       ...
 RT  Happy Easter! Enjoy the day with family and friends in Del Mar Village 
 Happy Easter!  Puppy Photo from  
 RT  I'm dying to try  Everyone raves about it, the one  is always packed. Next sunny day I'm there.
 Dessert Idea  RT  Make your burger jealous with our new OREO® Mint Shake. Made with delicious Haagen-Dazs ice cream!
 RT  Check out the gorg   Summer Dress collection with  + exclusive video! 
 RT  It's time for North County to shine! RT  San Diego  party!  
 You have our vote! RT  Try ours before you vote! RT  Who serves your fave burger right now?  to vote! 
 RT  Ladies: See what Simon says! RT  Spring tips from top creative mind   
 Keep up with San Diego's culinary rock stars via   featuring  chef Jason Maitland
 RT  Ooh yea! RT  woo happy  awesome tweeps     
 Thirsty? RT  Buckets of Beer for $10? Head over to any Smashburger location and enjoy! RT  Its National Beer Day!
 ‎365 Things to do in San Diego via  Note  Banana buttermilk pancakes and coffee anyone?! 
 We love our restaurants AND we LOVE  RT   My pleasure! Keep making amazing food and Ill keep eating & RTing
 Pretty in Pink! RT  Think Pink: This season, there's nothing like a gorgeous pop of beautiful spring color 
   Thanks for the RT!
  I know you love  you heard about April's   dinner with  Looks fun! 
 Nice! Looks amazing! RT  Dessert neighbor  w/   on  
 Attend  1st  dinner featuring  & creations from  Chef Jason Maitland 
 RT   The flavor of this week is our new Strawberry Cheesecake gelato. The perfect dessert in this perfect weather.
 This month  is teaming up w/  and donating proceeds from Spicy Tuna Rolls to victims in Japan 
 RT  Where you enjoying this lovely SD weather? Suggestions     
 RT  Where are you enjoying this lovely SD weather? Some suggestions:     ...
  Its definitely an excellent day for some Sunset Yogurt! What's the flavor of the week?
  Cheers! Happy Friday Selena. Hope to see you at DMP this weekend!
 RT  Life by the beach in SD is bliss. RT  Happy Friday! Soak up some sun on the Plaza upper deck today! It's GO ...
 Happy Friday! Soak up some sun on the Plaza upper deck today! It's GORGEOUS!
 Friday Live Music Nights CANCELLED 3/25. Join DMP next time for Music on Thursday Night 4/7 5pm-7pm with  (Weather Permitted)
 We love our DMP restaurants! RT  Love Flavor Del Mar? Share with the rest of SD and vote here 
 In April  will donate 5% of your bill to Casa De Amparo when you Check-in for Children    (15% max)
 In April  is donating sales from all Spicy Tuna Roll sales to victims in Japan through the  
 Wine Dinner  RT   Food Briefs     
 Take a look!  shares the new spring menu from  
  is offering $50  online for $25. Valid in stores only, so stop by DMP and take advantage! 
 Hot date tonight?  has a hot tip for DMP guests! Check out  and impress that special someone! 
  Great  note on  Thanks for sharing! 
  You alway brighten my day! RT  Case of the Mondays? Come in for some gelato or ice cream to brighten your day!
 Beautiful  RT  WHBM’s beautiful Victoria Bridal Gown is featured in  as a “Dream Dress for Less” 
 RT   You have to check out  Validated parking and we're at the perfect corner on Camino Del Mar 
  Looks delish! RT  Just created my own burger  YUM!!!! 
 Happy St. Patricks Day!
 New  spring menu via     
  You bet! Shared on Facebook too!  We look forward to having you again in Del Mar 
  Hope you enjoyed the ocean view! Makes DMP the best office space in town! RT  Free wifi  Sweet.
 Cool "Work-Kit" with corporate styles from   Page 
 For a traveling women's wardrobe RT  Check what's new with travelers in our latest online-exclusive mailer 
 Yum! Who's hungry? RT  What r u doing for lunch today? Trust me on this one!  
  Love your post on  Thanks for sharing! 
 Congrats to all the DMP locations who made  Best of 2011 list including   
 Come play on the upper deck! RT  Enough talking, let's get outside already RT  Talk about a BEAUTIFUL day.
 Visit  today and tomorrow at Del Mar Plaza and receive 20% your entire purchase 
 RT  LADIES! Just received in store: Royal Plush track suit and Eva Varro dresses and separates! Loves - PEACHES EN REGALIA
 Yum! RT   SO glad I went with the seared ahi! Delish!    
 Looks like Bamboo Shoots are in season! Take advantage of  unique menu and try something different 
 Very nice! RT  So cute. Looks great on you! RT   classic trench -  I love it!! 
 Lovin' this weather! Great day to enjoy our ocean view upper deck! RT  Wow! Del Mar is Beeeeautiful right now.
 Celebrating Spring is a great excuse for shopping at DMP! RT  Fresh Spring Markdowns. Get on 'em! 
 Can't wait! RT  Playing a show in Del Mar, CA at 5:00 PM today at Del Mar Plaza 
 RT  1/2-priced wine today for all VIP E-mail members along w/ 20% off coupon valid thru March! Sign up here 
 Check it out! RT  March 2011 Culture Calendar is up on Facebook! A month full of fun & fabulous  
  You bet! We love having Smash in  of course we LOVE your burgers!
 RT  Burger artists, satisfy your creativity and hunger by creating your own burger tonight! Your palette: 
 Hurry! RT  Power Lunch Flash Sale! Get 40% off select full-priced men's & women's suiting today only 11 AM-2 PM in stores.
 Delish! RT  Mardi Gras is a week away, indulge early w/ flourless chocolate cake, kona coffee ice cream, caramel & cocoa nibs
 RT  Culinary News - 2011 James Beard Foundation Awards Restaurant and Chef Semifinalists 
 Hope you can make it! RT    sounds tempting!
 RT  We offer Personal Styling Services in select stores. Meet a stylist  near you: 
 Enjoy a 5 Course dinner & pairing at DMP! RT  Pacifica invites you to a Ferrari-Carano Wine Dinner 
 This Weekend Peaches En Regalia Highlights Spring Fashion for DMP Shoppers   
 LOVE! Fun Friday Bordello shoes from Ooh La la la! 
 Due to questionable weather our live music night has been CANCELLED for 2/25. Happy Friday! Hope to see you next week!
  Thanks for the RT! Glad to have    How was OohLaLa? Any pics?
 RT  Fab Fridays. Our blk & wht striped 3/4 slv top (570017196) is featured in  March issue.  
 Thanks! RT          
 Attending "Doing Business with your Local Government"  
 RT  Burger lovers, stay updated on the latest happenings by joining Smashclub 
 Happy Birthday Dan! RT  Stop by  & wish restaurant manager Dan Schreiber HAPPY BIRTHDAY! 
 Stop by  and wish restaurant manager Dan Schreiber HAPPY BIRTHDAY! 
 OohLaLa Del Mar is offering Minx nails and airbrush spray tans for $35. Enjoy food, beverages, and stylish new items from 1pm to 8pm♥
 STYLE tips from Banana RT  Dressy, Preppy, Romantic- 3 ways to style Skinny Cargos 
  Visit us across the way for a treat at  It's International Dog Biscuit Appreciation Day!
 It's International Dog Biscuit Appreciation Day! "Every dog has his day," so celebrate the occasion at Del Mar Plaza w/ 
 This week Il Fornaio at DMP kicks off a new Happy Hour Mon.-Fri. 4pm-6pm. Select apps, pizzas & drinks for $5. Call restaurant for details.
 Del Mar Plaza Music Nights have been for CANCELLED for February 18, 2011 due to questionable weather. Thanks & we hope to see you next week!
 Friday Live Music Nights with Susan McCrea and Soul Seduction from 5pm-7pm on the upper deck 
  Congrats for being listed as  TOP 10 up-and-coming franchises 
 5 unique venues for your wedding reception RT  Receptions & Rehearsal Dinners by Pacifica Del Mar 
 RT  Hey ladies! New Spring styles arrive TODAY! Check out  vid on FB to win $250 Giftcard 
 RT  Have you seen our Feb. Culture Calendar? Discover the latest fashion news & see what were celebrating 
 RT  Turf night! Dig in to our Crispy Skin Long Island Duck Breast or Suckling Pig Cassoulet & Housemade Sausage. Happy eating!
 RT  It's finally here!  Coupled or single, here's to celebrating love, beautifully.
 Agreed! Happy Valentine's Day! RT  What better day than today to mix in a fresh pop of pink? 
 Happy Valentine's Day! 
 RT   we're sharing the burger love with our Smashfans starting at 10AM: 
 RT  Traditionalists enjoy dinner & a movie   Freebies w/ code ULTRASMASH: 
 RT  Power Lunch Flash Sale! Get 40% off all full-priced pants & belts. In stores and today only 11am to 2pm 
 Low cal lunch option: Today from 11am-2pm  is offering a POWER LUNCH sale! Swing by if you work in Del Mar 
 RT   is having a Valentine's Day Double Date Discount! Sign up to receive the offer 
 Cute Vday shirt! RT  I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "AlpnRock Shirt Love" 
 RT  Chef Jason Maitland wowed the North County Times w/ his 3 course Valentines menu available Feb 11-18 
 RT  RT   I fell in LOVE with your fried pickles  taste & art stroll 
 Del Mar Chef Showdown at DMP Feb. 23! RT  B Cellars & Chef Showdown Dinner: Chef Cruz vs. Chef Idso 
 Tweet for  Treats this Valentine's Day!  
 RT  1st 25 at any  Smashburger on Vday get freebies by mentioning codes: La Jolla: ARTSMASH, Del Mar: HIKESMASH,...
 Spoil your sweetheart with  and a romantic sunset on our upper deck for Valentine's Day! 
 RT  New Spring ads styled by fav    has an exclusive w/  
 RT  Superbowl plans? Joins us at Flavor! Smoked Cheddar Mac n Cheese, FishnChips, Burgers, Beer, Wine, Cocktails. We got it!
 RT  Come on down to Del Mar Plaza tonight for happy hour, sunset & some Michael Tiernan music to boot! 
 It's a great day for live music at DMP! Join us on the upper deck from 5pm-7pm with  
 Its Friday!          
 RT  Here’s a sneak peek of our latest collection. Why wait for the mailer when you can browse online now? 
 Get a Free Tee! RT  A gift for you. Enjoy a free “Feel Beautiful” Tee w/ every full-price denim purchase 
 We love Flavor too! Thank you! RT   We LOVE FLAVOR DEL MAR!! SO fashionable and fabulous..can't wait to go back xx
 RT  Feb. Culture Calendar has arrived! Discover the latest fashion & what we’re celebrating this month! 
 RT  "It's a little bit of dinner, a little bit of breakfast," check out the   
 RT  Stop by for food & drinks on Superbowl! Hosting your own party this year?Check out these snacks! 
 RT  This boot is made for walking....Lucchese designer collection Diva Style  DV2001 
 RT  Present a 2010-2011 student ID now through Thursday and receive $1 off any frozen yogurt, gelato, or ice cream!
 Check out photos from  highlighting Flavor's Grand Opening Party on January 26 
  Love the Flavor pics! Thanks for sharing!
  Thanks for coming to Del Mar Plaza! We enjoyed your last post on dressing w/   Visit us again!
 LOVE! RT  Dressing w/ Flavor  Opening!  featuring  
 This afternoon we invite you to celebrate the Grand Opening of Roberto Coin near  and  
 Today's Insider Hook-up from  $20 for $45  - Del Mar Plaza's Newest Restaurant Hot Spot! 
 Visit  at Del Mar Plaza for Premium Denim Jeans at $29 
 Celebrate Spring today with  in   Talk to expert stylists on seasonal shades, new dress selections, and more!
 Peaches En Regalia at DMP RT  New men sport shirts have arrived! Crisp whites by Haupt. Cool spring prints in Jhane Barnes!
  Agreed!  may be happiness forming! Great reason to take advantage of todays Daily Deal 
 RT   starts today   fans check out  for dining options after Torrey
 Valentine's Day Dinner Contest at  via  
 Enjoy a unique 6 Course Valentine’s Day Special from  February 12-14 at Del Mar Plaza 
 It's almost that time! Friday Live Music with Giant Peach Band on the Plaza Upper deck from 5pm-7pm 
 Sound fun! RT  Don't miss the party!  RT   Jeff Hunter selected as 
 Let Peaches En Regalia  be your fashion guide this romantic season!  
 Peaches En Regalia celebrates  with their love for fashion in  on Feb. 12 from 4pm-6pm 
 Jeff Hunter  selected as  50 people to watch in 2011. Congrats Jeff! We love having you at DMP 
 RT  Valentine's Special 6 Course Meal on Saturday, February 12 to February 14 starting at 4:00 pm 
 Always in the mood for surf RT  In the mood for surf tonight? Try Lemongrass Poached Main lobster or Basil Crusted local bass.
 Jean Sale at Peaches RT  Today only!  Buy 1 pair of men's jeans from Alberto or Agave and get the 2nd pair for 1/2 OFF!
 It's the perfect weather for a fashion fix at DMP! Get inspiration from  featured   
  Peaches En Regalia LOVE your leathers! Keep me updated on the latest trends. Can't wait to gear up for spring!
 RT  RT   1st person to tell us what burger is coming to town this Monday, wins a free Smashburger!
 Its a beautiful day in Del Mar! Join us on the upper deck for live music w/ Susan McCrea & Soul Seduction from 5pm-7pm 
 Watch  on  as they gear up for  
 Grab your cutest coat and scarf and jam to Steel Rhythm Connection tonight at 5pm on the Plaza upper deck 
 Read up on SD's culinary scene, foodie hot spots, and more local trends from  Chirs Idso via  
 True! Come visit Smash at DMP RT  “The eatery aims to provide something to suit just about any carnivore's tastes.” - 
 Visit your favorite Del Mar Plaza dining destination for  Click here for full restaurant listing 
 Ready for round two?! Celebrate the year of the Rabbit  as they host a ceremony to bring in the New Year! 
 If you  at DMP, then you'll love this video highlighting their spring collection  Just click "Runway Show"
 Support your favorite DMP Restaurant! Today's your last chance to fill out  ballot for the February issue 
 Get to know DMP's latest restaurant entrepreneur Jeff Hunter of  via  
  Yummy! Got a twitpic? RT  Its burger and beer night! Prime beef, smoked bacon, tomato-onion marmalade.
 RT  Dinner plans? Indulge in Prime Beef Short Ribs w/ potatoes, vegetables & maytag bleu cheese. Turfs never tasted so good.
 RT  Lunch run? Head over to La Jolla, Del Mar and Mission Valley for a savory Smashburger to get you through the work day!
 Read about  and other local hot spots featured in  New Year's Dining Guide 
 RT  Holiday Wonderland Pics are up on our Facebook page! 
 Today's the last day to take photos with Santa at DMP! Say Hi between 1pm-3pm this afternoon 
        Thx for spreading the holiday Joy!
 Ho Ho Ho! Santa and special treats from    & Sunset Yogurt at DMP 
 RT  Free kids meal w/photo! RT  Santa arrives on 12/18-12/19! Take your photo from 1pm-3pm 
 Don't let the rain hold you back from a good time! RT  Its Friday night. Time 4 good food and friends!
 Santa Clause is coming to town! 
 Elegance has arrived! Starting at 3pm Roberto Coin will host an Open House celebrating the new Del Mar boutique 
 Visit DMP this weekend for Santa, Sweets & Treats from  Sunset Yogurt,   
 RT  Find a beautiful gift every day through 12/18 in boutiques! Today: Sweaters, Buy 1 Get 1, 50% OFF! 
 Santa arrives on his sleigh 12/18-12/19! Take your photo on Street Level next to  from 1pm-3pm 
 Add an ocean view to your lunch this afternoon! RT  Hungry? New Lunch Menu Now Served  
 Thanks! Hope you had a fun weekend! RT  Happy       
 Savor the Flavor RT  Stunning ocean view, exciting vibe, great seafood, steaks...  
 Lots of notable restaurant openings including  at DMP! See where the locals eat 
 ‎40% Coupon for Georgiou located at Del Mar Plaza. Offer valid while supplies last through December 24 
  Tis the season! Shop 'til you drop at Del Mar Plaza, listed as Top 5 Places To Shop in SD 
 You're invited to Gerhard's Winter Party Wednesday, December 8 located on Plaza Level. Call store for details 
  Can't wait to hear you talk about  on  89.5 FM's "These Days" 
 Visit Chicos at DMP for the daily deal! RT  Introducing week of chic: surprise sale everyday! Todays deal? 
 This post via FOOD COMA 911 will make you crave  even at 7 in the morning! 
 Functional fashion! RT  Text away with cozy abandon in our Fingerless Ruffle Gloves  
    and much more at the  SUPER SALE on 11/26 
 Saddle up for the  Super Sale on 11/26! Discounts up to 75% off on    & more!
 Dont forget! RT  Chic hats await. RT  11/20-11/23  trunk show &  
 Celebrate! Friday Live Music Nights with Susan McCrea from 5pm-7pm 
 LOVE RT  We've painted our  location   in support of the walk! Check us out! 
 Dress your holiday best! 11/20-11/23 join  for a holiday trunk show and donate to  
 Need a fashion fix?       Ooh La la, Gary's Studio 
 Tonight at 6pm Ooh La la will host Mad Rain Designs' Launch Party with wine, hors d'oeuvres, & jewelry! 
 It's finally Friday! Celebrate with Friday Live Music Nights at Del Mar Plaza from 5pm-7pm!
 Red Delicious RT  Seasons change, so do the drinks! Try our Autumn Apple Cocktail w/ Apple Brandy, apple juice and cinnamon.
 RT  RT  In case you missed it:  now open: 
 See what San Diego is serving up in  Can you guess the new "it" spot?! 
 Holiday Trunk Show at Del Mar Hat Co. hosted by  November 20 through November 23 
 Happy Friday!        
  Smashing! Burgers, beach, people watching, and shopping at Del Mar Plaza 
 Check it out! 50% savings at  via  
 SpOOktacular! RT  Candy is great but a kids meal is better! On Halloween stop by to get a free kids meal after 3pm w/ an...
 RT  Get a free self serve fountain drink float at  today through Halloween, here's how: 
 HAPPY FRIDAY! Celebrate tonight with Del Mar Spanish Guitar on the Plaza upper deck.
 Love it! RT  Check out the gorgeous view of the Pacific Ocean from out patio! 
 Monster Mash? How 'bout Monster Smash! Come to  at DMP on Halloween where kids eat free after 3pm w/ adult
 Thanks!  and  RT  Great place for a date night!  
 Thanks to all the trick or treaters who visited the Del Mar Plaza yesterday! Lots of SpOOktacular costumes!
 Happy Friday! Celebrate with FREE Live Music on the oceanview upper deck with Bviolin from 6pm-8pm! 
 Visit  at DMP and enjoy special discounts, chic apparel, and refreshments! 
 Pack Your Way to Beautiful with  on Thursday, October 21 
    Excited to see photos from 3 Dog Walk!
 Come out for Friday Live Music Night from 6pm-8pm with Susan McCrea and Soul Seduction on the upper deck! 
 RT  Looking for a convenient dessert? Zoom on over to Mission Valley, La Jolla or Del Mar for a irresistible Oreo milkshakes!
 Can't wait! RT  Cool off and come to the coast this weekend for Del Mar Taste and Art Stroll 
 Friday Live Music Nights with  6pm-8pm on the Plaza upper deck!
 Watch  Chef Tony Su and Dan Schreiber talk on  for  
 RT  In  Be sure to stop by our new spot in  and pick up a copy of Del Mar Ink
 Celebrate  at DMP 9/19-9/24. Participating restaurants include    
 Del Mar Art Center located on Street Level hosts Youth Competition. Deadline Oct. 2 
 Yuuumy! Del Mar Delights: Stuffed Eggplant Tempura from  
 Don't forget! Friday Live Music Nights at DMP tonight w/ Bviolin from 6pm-8pm! For more info visit our event calendar 
 Unwind from the work week at DMP for Friday Live Music Nights! Tomorrow enjoy Bviolin from 6pm-8pm on the upper deck 
 RT  Stop by  Now through 9/13  will donate $1 to DMVA for every SD Burger 
 Looks fun! RT  Enjoy a unique experience  Guests can enjoy tapas and Japanese choir 
 Stop by DMP for burgers by the beach & DMVA fundraiser RT   Thanks for the community support! 
 Enjoy a unique experience  Guests can enjoy tapas and traditional Japanese choir on Sept. 12 
 Hope everyone had a great Labor Day weekend! Who's ready to shop for some fall fashions?!
 Congratulations to  for their  A-List nomination! Vote today if you're a fan of the Plaza hot spot! 
 Happy Friday! Celebrate the weekend at DMP with Jimmy and Enrique for live music on the upper deck! 
 It's lunch time and  just opened their Del Mar Plaza location! Who attended yesterday's Grand Opening?
  Sounds like a good plan! Great destination for racewear fashions at hot spots   and 
 HAPPY FRIDAY        
 Enjoy live music with Steven Ybarra on our ocean view upper deck tonight from 6pm-8pm 
 Join  for a Tomato Dinner using locally grown Heirloom Tomatoes from Chino Farm in Rancho Santa Fe 
 Click around the   style guide or visit us on Street Level for era inspired fashions 
 August 24  will open it's second location on  
 Photos via  featuring the latest racewear fashions from Plaza boutiques and  
  So many cute pups in Del Mar! Check out pics from the last 3 Dog Bakery Yappy Hour 
 Watch Carol Bader on KUSI of  located at the Plaza for the latest hat trends 
  We're excited to have  in Del Mar. Can't wait for the opening!
 Thanks for coming out! RT  New Pics: 7/10  Fashion Show  - 
 Boston Terrier Cream Pies and Dalmatian Donuts! Check out 3 Dog Bakery in the Solana Beach Sun 
  talks race season fashion in Del Mar! Scope hat hot spots including Del Mar Hat Co. located at the Plaza 
 Join Del Mar Art Center to celebrate their 10th anniversary July 11 from 4pm to 7pm. Enjoy art, food, beverages and entertainment!
 Check out  July highlights Del Mar and Racewear Fashion Show this Saturday. Dont forget to RSVP 
 Thanks for the RT  and 
  We hope to see you at the Race Wear Fashion Show! For more info check out details via  at 
 Congrats to  and Chef Nohara for winning at the 7th Annual Beer & Sake Festival in San Diego 
  We loved your blog post "That Fabulous Hat"!
 Opening Day is around the corner and Del Mar Plaza is the hot spot for for fabulous race wear fashions! 
 On July 10 from 4-5pm join us for a Racewear Fashion Show Featuring Del Mar Plaza Boutiques! 
 A TWEET FOR EVERYONE! Bring your pup to Yappy Hour at Three Dog Bakery June 27 from 4-6pm 
 This Friday join  and other local flavors at the 2010 Beer & Sake Festival 
 Sunset Yogurt is already popular among Del Mar locals and visitors! Don't miss their Grand Opening June 19 
 We've just added Sundays to our live music nights on the upper deck! Check out the schedule 
 If you're a fan of  show your support on SignOnSanDiego and vote for your favorite Chinese restaurant 
 This weekend order some saki and sushi at Del Mar Plaza and celebrate SHIMBASHI Izakaya's 1st anniversary!
 Join us for live music tonight from 6pm-8pm on the Plaza upper deck with Del Mar Spanish Guitar!
 COMING SOON! Custom hats, headpieces, handbags, and accessories from Del Mar Hat Company! 
 Happy Friday! Don't forget to join us on the upper deck from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. for the soulful sounds of Susan McCrea!
 Friends of the Rotary Club Del Mar danced and mingled last week for the Sunset Soiree fundraiser at Del Mar Plaza 
 Thanks for the RT  It's all about rock and soul at Del Mar Plaza this Friday on the upper deck from 6-8 
 It's all about rock and soul at Del Mar Plaza this Friday on the upper deck from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. 
 Don't forget to check out  "Be Our Guest" and save 50% at  
  We look forward to seeing you there! 
  and  team up again! 
 HUGE markdowns at Janetelli Jewelers! Stop by for 60% off selected merchandise
 Shop 'til you drop! It's a beautiful day in Del Mar!
 Can't wait to attend Summer Solstice! RT  Celebrate the Arrival of Summer Ocean Front in Del Mar! 
  Can't go wrong with a romantic ocean view, summer sounds, and a beautiful sunset! Thanks for the RT!
 Join us this week for Friday Live Music Nights at Del Mar Plaza with  
 Pop over to Three Dog Bakery and treat your PUP for Yappy Hour on Sunday, May 23 from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. 
 RT  DMVA Vintner Dinner SOLD OUT for Sunday, May 23, 2010 at 
 Rotary Club of Del Mar hosts annual Sunset Soiree May, 18th from 5:30 p.m. - 8:30 p.m. at DMP 
 What's a Moscow Mule?! Find out today during Happy Hour  new vodka bar! 
 Happy Mother's Day! See you at the plaza!
 Mark Langford of Del Mar Spanish Guitar tonight 5/7 from 6-8pm on the upper deck.  
 RT   and DMVA invite you to a Spring Vintner Dinner in Del Mar May 23rd 
 MOM deserves the best! This Mothers Day make a date of outdoor shopping and oceanview dinning at the Plaza.
 Enjoy Friday Live Music Nights with Jimmy and Enrique from 6pm-8pm at Del Mar Plaza! 
 Enjoy 1/2 Priced bottles of wine tonight at Del Mar Rendezvous! Intrigued? Check out the wine list 
 Get into the BLUE at Del Mar Plaza with White House Black Market! 
 Score bonus points with MOM and make an online reservation at Pacifica Del Mar this Mother's Day! 
 Enjoy Summer with a new set of LEGS! 
 Saratoga Saddlery's Children store is now open at Del Mar Plaza!
 Enjoy Spanish guitar on the Plaza upper deck tonight from 6-8pm! 
 It's a family affair! Don't leave your pup at home during Happy Hour 
 FRIDAY LIVE MUSIC at Del Mar Plaza 6pm-8pm on the upper deck. See you there! 
 Rebekah Sager of San Diego.com blogs on Gerhard located at Del Mar Plaza 
 What a fabulous find! Check out the new line Insanely Gorgeous at Ooh La La! 
 Saratoga Saddlery is shootin' to reopen this Saturday in DEL MAR! Check out the latest on the remodel 
 Del Mar Vein Care to Expand Practice this Spring 
  How Fast Can You Say "Saratoga Saddlery Super Sale"?
 Hold your horses! Saratoga Saddlery hosts stellar SALE making room for their Spring collection! 
  It's your lucky day! Susan McCrea and Soul Seduction will be playing on the Upper Deck tomorrow from 6pm-9pm
  Win this GREEN tee courtesy of GEORGIUO and more on St. Patrick's Day at the Plaza! 
  Green is GOOD! Savor the BEST CHINESE in SD on St. Patrick's Day from Del Mar Rendezvous!
 Don't miss Lee Coulter tonight at 6pm on the Plaza Upper Deck! 
 Get your GREEN on at Del Mar Plaza Wednesday, March 17th! 
 Tokoyo pub crawlers consider Del Mar's Shimbashi a winning addition to North County’s dining scene 
 Check out the grilled pike mackerel from our very own Shimbashi Izakaya Japanese pub! Photo courtesy of SignOnSanDiego 
 Be fabulous and shop BLACK AND WHITE at Chico's Del Mar! "Think Effortless. Think Classic. Think Dramatic." 
 Vote for your favorite Del Mar Plaza restaurant by March 25th for  's June issue 
  Make it Your Lucky Day in Del Mar Wednesday, March 17th from 6pm-9pm
 Drop by  to win 25, 35, 50% off purchase! Offer valid thru Mar 7th 
 Join us on the upper deck for Friday Live Music Nights with  from 6-8 p.m.
 RT  Make it your lucky day in Del Mar Wednesday, March 17th! 
 Join us on March 19th for Gary's Studio trunk show featuring famous Italian sportswear company Paul & Shark 
 Congrats  for Favorite Restaurant in  Best of 2010 Awards  
 "Be Our Guest"  recently partnered up with SHIMBASHI saving viewers 50% on great Japanese selections 
 RT  Don't forget! This weekend Saratoga Saddlery is having a huge sale!!! Starting as low as $5. Great brands up to 75% ...
 Loghman Jewelers serves greater DEL MAR. Stop by for repairs, custom jewelery, appraisals, and diamond search 
 Yum! Check out pictures of Rendezvous' vegetarian and vegan options on their FB Fan Page 
 Last week was NY Fashion Week and Saratoga Saddlery wants to know your favorite lines as they pick their fall selection! 
 Discover the artistic creations and intricate designs from Lauren Moshi at Ooh La La 
 "Glamour is what I sell, it's my stock in trade." Visit DMPs lingerie boutique and bra fitting specialists at Jolie Femme 
  - CONGRATULATIONS Jeannine Clark! You are the Sweetheart Winner!
 Pics from Saturday night on the Plaza's Upper Deck 
 Video of  playing a romantic set to Casablanca during our Sweetheart Weekend 
