 Nine-Year-Old Leaves Legacy of Water | The Winn Group 
 Picture This: Choosing an Illustrator for Your Children’s Book | The Winn Group 
 Are You a Writer or a Storyteller? | The Winn Group 
 RT  Te'a catching the Owling craze!! 
 RT  The Chicken Spring Roll Factory!! 
 Top questions from donors (This is not a test) | The Winn Group 
 Friday FYI: Don't put your tactical effort's before your goals or plan, doing so will cost you a ton of rework!
 Keeping Your Email Out of the Etrash | The Winn Group 
 By the Book: The Basics of Publishing | The Winn Group 
 Second Annual Children’s Ministry Expo (CMX) a Huge Success! | The Winn Group 
 Logo No-No’s | The Winn Group 
 Are you  today?  Be sure to stop by  booth and say hello to Beth! 
 Need a Social-Media Facelift?  Check out our portfolio at  then give us a call to get started!
 Our July Client of the Month – GMC’s Uplift Someone America Bus Tour | The Winn Group 
 RT  Recipe makeover: check out this easy & healthier Key Lime Tart (with 70% less fat per serving!) 
 GREAT little read: Jesus and Bad Advertising: 
 VERY HAPPY to see  on the cover of 
 Catch  founder  speaking  2011 - Early Bird Reg Ends 7/1   
 RT   has a really cool  giveaway. They are offering a free logo design and graphics package to a winning ...
 Currently eating natures perfect food...Hot Tamales Candy :)
 Good meeting with Lydia Fort from  this morning. Here's to a brilliant tomorrow!
 Cause the Spread of the Causes You Like%E2%80%A6 %7C The Winn Group
 Did You Know that Font Size Could Be a Controversial Issue? | The Winn Group 
 Does your Church or Non-Profit need help with marketing? Join  for our FREE Q&A Webinar 
 New Friends to Join .com, .net, and .org | The Winn Group 
 501(say)(what?) | The Winn Group 
 If you're looking for insurance for your next missions trip, check out our friends 
 Check out the latest  blog from our friends  - 
 Mapquest Can’t Get You There… | The Winn Group 
 Be determined to recklessly abandon yourself, surrendering everything to Him:  (via 
 What a GREAT story - Recycling hotel soap to save lives  
  I think we need to see pictures of the kittens!
 GMC announces an Uplift Someone Bus Tour! | The Winn Group 
 Important News for Nonprofits! | The Winn Group 
 We are going to institute a  here  -  Any reco's on what today's word should be?
 Don't miss tomorrows FREE webinar on Branding Your Organization - RSVP Here: 
 MAVS... MAVS... MAVS!!!  CHAMPS!!!
 LETS GO MAVS/// RT  - If u ask  for a dollar, he'll only give u 75 cents; he never gives you the fourth quarter
 Effectively Branding Your Organization | The Winn Group 
 The Favicon: It’s all in the Details | The Winn Group 
 A Brand By Any Other Name… | The Winn Group 
  Thanks for joining us today! Hope your enjoying it!
 Introducing our June Client of the Month – Mission Trip Insurance! | The Winn Group  (via 
 Introducing our June Client of the Month – Mission Trip Insurance! | The Winn Group 
 Branding 101: What’s Your Sign? | The Winn Group  (via 
 Just viewed a website that looked "cool" yet had horrible functionality. Remember functionality TRUMPS form when trying to sell tickets!
 May at The Winn Group/A Month-in-Review 
 I am attending the Evangephobia webinar June 28th! You should too! Register at 
 So You Want to Build a Website… 
 RT  Can't wait to hear Shaun Winn of  speak on finding a balance between business and ministry at 
 Guest Blogger and IRS Compliance Expert Greg McRay on Starting a Non-Profit 
  That's a good looking screen! Hmmm - On second thought it's a bit boring, I better have  add a bit more spice :)
 Q&A – Why Free Isn’t Always Free | The Winn Group  (via 
 Q&A – Why Free Isn’t Always Free | The Winn Group 
 Leading the Charge 
 Pastors: Are you registered for our FREE webinar: Using Social Media in Your Ministry? RSVP Today: 
 Moolala Deal of the day: 52% Off All-Weather Women's Boots from Roma  - Helping Kids Globally!
 GREAT NEWS...  has officially opened at Preston and 121!! How do you order your favorite IN-N-OUT burger?
 Helping Tornado Victims: How Non-Profits Are Rebuilding Lives 
 Fill in the blank: In regards to marketing/advertising/communications, I wish I knew more about ____________!
 Are we friends on Facebook? We should be: 
 Turning Over A New Leaf 
 Who u got in the 
  Lets go MAVS!!!
  yes.. Just another sign I'm getting old!!
  congrats!!!
         - Thx for the Shout-Out!!
         - Thx for the shout-out!!
 Someone asked me if The Winn Group had a fav  team... The  of course... Let's go 
 Is ur church or organization maximizing Facebook Pages? If not, come learn how at our Facebook Pages Bootcamp: 
 A Happy Friday to you.. and you... and you...
 Thx for another BRILLIANT webinar today. If you haven't attended-ur missing out! We have 2 FREE events in May: 
 Last chance to register for today's webinar on Effective Branding Strategies: 
 Jason McBride Inspires People To Greatness 
 Could ur facebook/twitter acct. use a face-lift? We offer a flat-rate, turn-key solution. Here are a few samples: 
 Stuff My Dad Says 
 Does ur church or non-profit need help w/ branding? Don't miss tomorrows EFFECTIVE BRANDING webinar -RSVP 
 Introducing Our May Client of the Month – Larry Hillman! 
 Have u met CHAMP? Visit , we had the privilege of helping Larry w/layout & illustrations. Order ur copy today
  I've never tried Kicking Horse, I'll have to try and find it.. Thx for the reco
 Learn the power of communicating your ministry message 
 April at The Winn Group – A Month-In-Review 
 Ok.. I need a new blend of of coffee, any reco's?
 The Untapped Value Around You! 
 Tools & Tips: Speedtest | The Winn Group 
 Your Marketing Questions Answered 
 Don’t Miss The Dove Awards This Sunday! 
 [VIDEO] Water Changes EVERYTHING 
 Tools & Tips: Google for Non-Profits | The Winn Group 
 Does your church or organization need a little help with branding? Then don't miss our upcoming webinar: 
 Marketing: Investment or Expense? 
 Just wrapped an AMAZING webinar on developing an effective marketing plan. Join us for our next webinar: 
 Cakes 4 a Cause Proves You’re Never Too Young to Make a Difference 
 FREE Web Clinic Tomorrow! 
 The Infectious Power of Kindness 
  Here's to a BRILLIANT new week!
 Perfectly Possible Perfection 
 Must-See New Film Soul Surfer in Theaters Tomorrow!  (via  
 Draw a Bird Day! 
 RT  The Charity and Philanthropy Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    ...
 Must-See New Film Soul Surfer in Theaters Tomorrow! 
 Speaker and Artist Jeff McIntosh/737 Shares Authentic Faith 
 Attention Church Leaders: Register for our FREE web clinic on Proactive Marketing coming April 14th: 
  Would love to.. Give Beth a call at 1-866-206-1295 Ext 708.. She can fill you in on all of our services!
 Attn: Non-Profit Org. Leaders: Register for our FREE web clinic on Proactive Marketing coming April 14th: 
  Did you enjoy the session and overall event?
  We were replying to your DM Auto Reply :)  it said "If you're in  let's talk"...
 Breaking Through the Noise 
  Hi Matt - We are a full service ad agency serving non-profits.  We represent/book Michael Chanley within the  community.
 TWG’s Beth Delemos speaking at 2011 Chicago Social Media Summit 
 Introducing our April Client of the Month – Extending Hands 
 The Winn Group Announces the Launch of The WinnCakery 
 March at The Winn Group – a Month-In-Review 
 Don't miss our FREE Web Clinic: The Social Church happening today  12p CST RSVP Today:  - 10 Spaces Left!   
 Experiencing a little writers block tonight...Grrrrrr...
 RT  Does anyone know if the Whole Foods in Columbus Circle sells organic mice?
 Friends in High Places 
 Don't miss our FREE Web Clinic: The Social Church happening tomorrow!  RSVP Today:  - Limited Space Left!
 I love meeting new artists & bands that are changing the world. Ck out an amazing Christian Hip Hop band 
 Please join us in Prayer… 
 Tool & Tips: Facebook Like Box | The Winn Group 
 Putting Your Best Font Forward 
 Don't Miss This Months Web Clinic: The Social Church - RSVP Today! 
 Fly Away Home - Inspiration from The Winn Group 
 RT   may just be my new BFF. Ask  what they can do for your 
 RT  It's 80's Music Friday!! What should I add to my play list??
 Speaker and Author Michael Chanley Encourages Family-Central Ministry 
 If a Picture’s Worth a Thousand Words… 
 Tools & Tips: Google Alerts | The Winn Group 
 Tools & Tips: Google Alerts | The Winn Group  (via 
  - DM a link to your portfolio and I will pass it on to our Creative Director!
  We look forward to having you!  Be sure to tell your friends...
 Attn Church Leaders - You're invited to our FREE Web Clinic: The Social Church  (via  Plz RT
 The Color Conundrum: What you see is not always what you get. 
  Thanks for the S/O :)
  Hi Michael - Thanks for the Shout-Out!!
 Web Clinic: The Social Church 
 7 principles for maximizing social media for your church. Join our FREE, 1-hr web clinic on 3/31. Learn more: 
 These are a few of our Favorite GREEN Things… 
 Hell Hath No Fury? 
 What Your Numbers Aren’t Telling You… 
 The Numbers Count, Too. 
 Integrity Music signs New Artist – Brothers & Sisters | The Winn Group 
 Your Story Matters 
 Introducing Roma Boots 
 Is your creative flow getting a little flat? It’s time to revive your inner creative. 
  The REAL question is "What is the church doing about that?" We've gotta LOVE outside the walls!!
 Announcing Dare2Share Youth Ministries – Our March 2011 Client Of The Month!! 
 “Fast. Cheap. Good. (Pick two)” by TWG Account Manager, Chris Desrochers 
 Bieber Fever hits  1 in 8 people in the world don't have clean, safe drinking water 
 Israel Houghton’s Spring tour coming to a city near you 
 3 Tips to making this Easter season a swimming success for your chruch 
 RT  Nonprofits and social media – the missed opportunity of the century 
 Happy Friday from The Winn Group! 
 Is your 2011 going as you planned?? It’s not to late to make sure it does.  (via 
  Hey Beth - Just saw ur Twitter reply.. I pray you and Jeff are well.  Let us know if we can help you with anything...
 Is your 2011 going as you planned?? It’s not too late to make sure it does. 
 RT  It's Official.  737 Teamed up with  - Exciting things ahead!  Sign up 4 my mailing List here:  www.J737.com!  Sta ...
 About to take the new  album Aftermath for a test drive...
 Recession Proof Your Nonprofit - check it out: 
 Groupon axes controversial ad campaign:   - What did you think of the ads? (via 
 RT   Read The Mission Igniter Daily ▸ today's top stories via   and  ▸ htt ...
  Thanks for posting our content!!
 Nonprofits and social media – raising funds without spending a dollar. 
 RT  Embracing Legacy Giving In Nonprofit Fundraising Strategy  (via 
 Embracing Legacy Giving In Nonprofit Fundraising Strategy 
 RT  Read The Mission Igniter Daily ▸ today's top stories via    and   ▸ 
 Cause Centered vs. Brand Centered Fundraising, What's the difference? | The Winn Group 
  inspires President Obama at National Prayer Breakfast 
 RT  President Obama just talked about charity: water to 3k people at the National Prayer Breakfast. Surreal.
 Introducing February’s Client of The Month, The Indiana Immunization Coalition 
 We’re getting a jump on Valentines Day – The “Show Me Some Love” Facebook Client Contest 
 The Winn Group capping off a great start to 2011 
  would like to share TWG January Newsletter. 
 Expert tips for small nonprofit fundraising by TWG fundraising guru, Stacy Varghese  (via 
 Expert tips for small nonprofit fundraising by TWG fundraising guru, Stacy Varghese 
 RT  5 "Musts" for a success nonprofit ad campaign | The Winn Group  (via 
 5 "Musts" for a successful nonprofit ad campaign | The Winn Group 
  thanks for the invite. We'd be happy to discuss. Email at jeremy Cheers!
  Thanks for the retweet!  Have a BRILLIANT evening!
 An article on a Pew survey about internet users and nonprofit engagement. What it means to you and your nonprofit. 
 Drum..Roll..Please.. Today, January 21st 2011 is National Hug Day! Check out our blog for a little inspiration from TWG 
 5 steps to take your creative messaging and marketing to the next level – like the pros:  (via 
  GOOD STUFF!!!
 The Art of Creative Messaging For Nonprofits | The Winn Group 
 Another great article by Dare2Share’s Greg Steir on postmodern youth culture 
 TWG Expands Operations:  Announcing the addition of nonprofit champion, Chris Desrochers to the Winn team 
 Today's TWG blog: churches and graphic design, how to do a lot with a little:  Sign up for the newsletter for more tips.
 Family friendly cable channel, GMC, launches “Ask Adie” segment, Jan. 18 
 Attn: Christian Men in Dallas... Don't miss this Month's Lions Den Meeting: 
  Not that I'm aware of :)
 Currently working on a plan to help authors self-publishing their books...
 New website launch for Jen Tringale Ministries - empowering women to thrive professionally through God given talents 
 Good Morning Friends... Here's to a brilliant Wednesday!!!
   Of course.. Right back at you! I look forward to your tweets!
  Of course.. Right back at you! I look forward to your tweets!
 Announcing our January Client of the Month – Jen Tringale Ministries 
 If you’ve ever wanted your life to count for something…check this out 
 Joel Augé — 4 Biggest Lessons I Learned  in 2010:  - GREAT business wisdom for all!
 A new youth ministry paradigm – that’s 2000 years old. From Greg Stier with Dare2Share Youth Ministries 
 A message for 2011 from The Winn Group 
 Auld Lang What? – a little lyrical history for you all on this 2011 New Years eve. 
 Happy Last Day of 2010... Here's to a Brilliant 2011...Cheers!!!
 Who says you shouldn't scribble on your walls? Check out what The Winn Group does with Idea Paint and think in the ink! 
 A Christmas Message From The Winn Group - A perspective of the Season. 
 “How I Love My Mac” video, by TWG Creative Director, Lance Hart – and other diversions.  
 Faith Christian Fellowship World Outreach in partnership w/ TWG launches their new website www.fcfwo.org. Check it out! 
  of  is on 20/20 tonight - 10pm EST. Fighting Compassion Fatigue. Don't miss it!  
 American Bible Society & The Winn Group Times Square story goes national  Check it out!
 The Winn Group and The American Bible Society – together on the Times Square Jumbo Tron! Very cool! 
 The Winn Group’s “Christmas – Italian Style” 2011 Christmas Party 2010 highlights 
 RT  Check out this awesome song about  from Lance Hart, Creative Director    ...
 Check out the latest song from  Creative Director, Lance Hart: 
 Listening to the TWG team deciding what to order at Maggianos tomorrow night! Gezzzz tough crowd!
 TWG clients and dear friends, Rich and Michelle Franzen with Impact Africa sharing a message of hope this Christmas 
 TWG is doin' Christmas up right - starting with the TWG Christmas In Italy extravaganza!  Maybe we'll see you there? 
 Picking up were we left off: The Nonprofit’s 2011 Marketing Toolkit – Part 3 Check it out: 
 The TWG team is working on a project that will be seen by millions... Details coming soon!!
 Another great message for youth leaders from Greg Stier and Dare2Share - 3 Ways To Get Teens Sharing Their Faith. 
 TWG featured client gmc-TV earns coveted Parent Television Counsels Seal of Approval for world premier Christmas movie 
 The Winn Group is proud to announce its december featured client, gmc - champions of family friendly entrainment. Go to 
 The Nonprofit’s 2011 Marketing Toolkit – Part 2 .  Is your brand fresh, relevant and ready to go for the new year?
 Don't be behind the nonprofit marketing 8-ball in 2011.  Check out "The Nonprofit’s 2011 Marketing Toolkit – Part 1" 
 A message of thankfulness from TWG founder, Shaun Winn 
 Have you lost your spark? Greg Stier of Dare2Share helps ministries find it again 
 On my way home from an amazing weekend with the  crew! Hundreds of teenagers met Christ this weekend for the 1st time... Epic!!!
 What if you chose your marketing firm like you chose your friends? Check out this little pearl from TWG's Beth DeLemos 
 Your logo is the expression of all that you are. Don't make these common mistakes! 
 TWG expands ops to include Stacy Varghese as Dir of Strategic Partnerships for nonprofit development & fundraising 
 Are you waiting for someone or something to make your nonprofit famous?  Check it out on the TWG blog!
 Did you hear?  TWG wins two 2010 International Davey Awards for creative design works.  Check it out.  
 Part 5 of "Social media for grown-ups" is on the TWG blog. Quick tips on maximizing your social media presence. 
 Did you guys miss part 4 of Social Media For Grown-Ups? Anyone wanna guess what "V.I.T.A.L." means?  Check it out 
  Hi David I believe  (Beth) left a message for you this week to discuss your site.  We Looking forward to connecting!
  Social Media For Grown Ups Pt 3.  Wanna be interesting?  Wanna expand your virtual BFFs?  Check it out!
 Social Media For Grown Ups Pt 2  on The Winn Group blog.  Tomorrows pt3 is on how to be interesting - so don't miss out!
 Social media for grown ups - Moving from toy to tool. Be sure to RSS follow this 5 part series on the TWG blog  
 Launch ur project in real time check out the new project tool at .  was the first to try it. Who's next?
 Ok time for the big news, today, TWG is launching its new website: www.thewinngroup.net Check it out & Let us know what you think! 
 BIG NEWS TODAY! 
 Check out Freedom's Promise, the new TWG client that is rescuing kids from sex trafficking 
  Good Quest! We Trust: Trust God, Trust our Clients, Trust Creativity, & Trust that PROFIT is NOT the most important thing.
 The Winn Group's  hangin out with our friends over at  in Atlanta.  
 My FOCUS for today... Get through 600 email's.. Come on people, a little encouragement would be nice!!!
 Question: Who would you say are the most active players in Youth Ministry Today?
 Looking forward to a GREAT day of planning with  Check out their 2010/11 tour at 
 As I sit in bumper to bumper traffic on the DNT Im quickly reminded why I started a virtual company...
 A full SmartWater and a fresh box of Hot Tamales.. I'm ready for the afternoon conference call marathon!
 Just got into a fight with a UPS Box.. The Box Won...
 Attn: Nashville -Don't miss the Freedom's Promise Wine Tasting & Silent Auction Fundraiser: 
 Become a fan and check out our work at: 
 I love the smell of a fresh week!!
 Back to The Big D!!! Thanks for a great week Colorado, you've been an amazing host!
 Busy week ahead for  - Big photoshoot in CO with  for  - Summit Medical Center & Mt. Clinics!
  No, we haven't had a chance just yet, but hope to do so soon!  We need designers and account managers!
 The Winn Group is on the hunt for a small shrink-wrap machine.  Any reco's?
 RT  Congrats to Centura Health at Home's Sean Reed for being named a finalist for the Denver Business Journal's Champions ...
 If you've been keeping up with the story of Ryan and Chad Arnold, check out Chad's new Blog: Currently reading 
 Late night creative brainstorm... Lots of cool projects for cool clients!!!
 Check out this article posted by Greg Stier of TWG client, Dare2Share Ministries:  - "Why Teenagers?"
 The Winn Group is growing super fast. The word is getting out about a company like ours meeting the needs of... 
 The Winn Group is growing super fast.  The word is getting out about a company like ours meeting the needs of... 
 Today,  launched the 2010  campaign. Watch this video and support: 
 We are excited to help Victoria! 
 Attn. Graphic Designers - Are you looking for a little extra work?  The 
 Be sure to follow us on Facebook: 
 Client: Centura - St. Anthony Granby Medical Center/Granby Specialty Clinic
 BIG fish in a SMALL pond - Check out my latest blog post at 
 BIG fish in a SMALL pond - Check out my latest blog post at  - click on "Blog".
 Just wrapped a staff meeting w/  team.  Need marketing, promotion, or design help, shoot me a note and we will get in touch!
 I need your help!  I'm looking for a mac or web based video conferencing solution. I need to be able to host up to 10 people.  Ideas?
 Something must be wrong... I just looked at my calendar and realized I only have one meeting today...whoa...
 Just wrapped a good meeting with  and  regarding a website redesign for one of our church clients. Gonna be good!
 Here's to a BRILLIANT week!!!
 Great meeting with Madden Clothing, I love the smell of fresh ideas in the morning!
  Hi.. I may have a couple of positions open soon.. How can I post with you?
 Aggressively working on a website for  it's going to be epic...
 Had a great call this morning with  - Lots of great things are happening at 
 Keeping  the Arnold's in prayer today! Need inspiration? Follow their journal here and share the story: 
 To better assist Non-Profit & Cause-Centric organizations The Winn Group announces an expansion of operations: 
 I LOVE quiet Saturday mornings in the office!!
 New  artist Amanda Barnhart just wrapped a gorgeous brand guide for Indiana Immunization Coalition! Off to press...
 The Tweet I never thought I'd ever send... We are working on a website for Dr. Quinn Medicine Woman...
 RT  International Executive Leadership Coach and Keynote Speaker, Paul Andrew, Joins The Winn Agency 
 RT  On Target Ministries Joins Men's Ministry Channel on Sky Angel's Nationwide TV Service 
 Single, Dating, Engaged? The Divine Matchmaker Tour's coming to Dallas! Explore what GOD says about relationships! 
 RT  The 2010 Divine Matchmaker Tour Announces Its First Event Coming to Dallas, TX 
 It's going to be a BUSY DAY at The Winn Group!! What's on your agenda today?
 RT  Check out  blog: Free Write Friday: Communication in Relationships 
 I need something a little spunky to listen to today.. What do you recommend?
 Wrapping up another BUSY week here at The Winn Group... Can't wait to see what's on deck for next week!
  Wow.. Move over Jack Handey...Deep Thoughts by John Mark McMillan
 Woke-up this morning to find both  online and  down, to a small business, that's a MAJOR 
 RT  If u need an alarm clock to wake you up.. U most likely don't have enough exciting goals!
  - I don't get much of it, but LOVE it when i do!
 Here's to a brilliant new week!
  Awwww the life of a rock and roll star :)
  I LOVE WHOLE FOODS!!!
 jump-starting my  campaign.  I'll match all donations made until 5p-up to $990.  PLZ RT
 Just used my new  reusable grocery bag! Find out how to get yours: 
 Check out my  campaign.  Help me raise money for clean water.  
 I'm giving up my Birthday to help bring Clean Water to those in need - Please consider getting involved: 
 Check out my  campaign.  Help me raise money for clean water.  
  you're lucky I'm not there, I would school you with my mad two inch vertical... Hoops is my middle name!!!
 Just received the spankin new  /  Promo DVD. Youth Workers get your FREE DVD here: 
 Kings of Leon is filling the air at The Winn Group HQ
 RT  Follow us & RETWEET to win 2 FREE reg 2 any 2010    - winner pickd 5/28
 RT  Mike  raises $2K for  from  and  Calacanis using  Dorsey's  credit card...
  - Wow that will Preach!
 Trying to figure out how to delicately say something...  Hmmm.....
 farewell, LOST. -   - Clever...
 Happy Friday!   here are a few to follow:    & of course   
 The planets have aligned!  &  have partnered to help the world! Check it:  
 RT  In an era of declining cust serv, it's great to see Apple do right by the cust! 
 Coffee...Check... Fresh Fruit... Check.... Beautiful Things by  The makings of a Brilliant Thursday...Cheers!
 RT  Work at a Private or Christian School?  Follow  & check out their new website: 
 RT  NEW all original EP Worship Album from Fellowship Church just went live on iTunes! - 
 RT  Remember the cycle of success: change - conflict - growth! Don't bail out right before the breakthrough!
 I'm always inspired by reading  's blog! If you haven't done so, check it out: 
 Sending Dare2Share's latest brochure to print.  HUGE THANKS to  and Rocky for pulling an all-nighter to get this wrapped up!
 Rumor has it that  is working on a new blog... Keep your fingers crossed :)
 I have made it back to my office after a long day behind the wheel (Dallas - Tyler - Dallas), but it was good to celebrate  's...
 RT  Tonite's worship was so deep and good! !! Come worship w me and  in Irving tom nite. The $10 goes to Haiti.  ...
 Wrapping SEVERAL design projects for  and Dare2Share Ministries for their Youth Leader Training in Denver next...
 RT  You're never too important to wash dishes, do laundry & change diapers. - Hmmm Just found a post-it on my Desk with this...
 RT  RT  Square Brings Credit Card Swiping to the Mobile Masses, Starting Today on iPhone: 
 Apolis Activism profiled  my friend  modern activist and charity: water COO. -   I love the work of...
 My allergies are KILLING me this year.. Anyone know of a natural remedy that provides a little relief?
 Great Friday! On the home stretch of several projects for  - ThinkFirst Program. Shout out 2  for his hard work!
 Here's to a brilliantly busy day... Cheers!!!
 Live in N. Texas? Don't Miss The Divine Matchmaker Conference -- 
 Burning a little midnight oil tonight.  Jen heads to Denver in the AM, so I will be on kid duty...Look out world!!!
 Interested in staying up-to-day with the happenings of The Winn Group? Be sure to follow us at  Lot's of exciting stuff...
 Busy morning at The Winn Group HQ... Lot's of exciting stuff going on!
   to get a full-page ad in USA TODAY. Please RT
 RT    to get a full-page ad in USA TODAY. Please RT
 RT    to get a full-page ad in USA TODAY. Please RT
 RT    to get a full-page ad in USA TODAY. Please RT
 Speaking Team & Authors of The Divine Matchmaker, Joel and Casey Johnson, join  
 Be sure to follow me 
 Hello Twitter Friends...
