 Via  Biz who "play a significant role in domestic wind energy expansion."   
 RT  Did you see this?  Fund sued by shareholders for investing in offshore (illegal) internet gambling cos 
 So, want to make your own  The  gives you a 10-step process:  (links to a pdf)  
 "Household Electric Bills Will Rise Only Slightly Under Cape Wind Deal"  cc   
 RT  RT  Internet running out of addresses: Web group chief  
 RT  According to Bloomberg, the average annual pay for female CEOs over the last few years was more than... 
  FWIW, we'll have a live virtual discussion on  & wind energy in general next week: 
 RT  *WIND ENERGY NEWS* National Grid to Purchase More than 50% of Cape Wind Output 
  THX to vPanelists on Innovation & the Supply Chain: Rich Sherman, Dir of N America, Supply Chain Council: 
  THX to vPanelists on Innovation & the Supply Chain: Luis Solis, President / Mg Partner, Symbius Company: 
  THX to today's vPanelists on Innovation & the Supply Chain: John Paul Williams, Market Dev Manager, Tandberg 
  Luis Solis/Symbius Company: vested sourcing long way away from reality, a "consultant's dream"
  Rich Sherman/Supply Chain Council: sm & mid size biz supply chain can be more innovative 'cause more flexible, fewer mgt layers.
 RT  RT  Big Green Patent Machine:  patents newer & had higher avg Q vs 14 automakers combined 
  Rich Sherman/Supply Chain Council: Companies can't control what they don't measure. Applicable in innovating supply chain
  John Paul Williams/Tandberg: Biggest risks corps take is not taking time to be innovative. Make time to think/plan.
  Thanks for the feedback.
  Luis Solis/Symbius Company: green in supply chain not a "dominant item" in decision-making process.
  Rich Sherman/Supply Chain Council:  "carbon credits is the new stock in sustainability."  in supply chain is expected.
  Luis Solis/Symbius Company: See future supply chain process to include more enterprise collaboration, esp w/ sales.
 Thanks to today's vPanelists on Innovation & the Supply Chain: John Paul Williams, Market Dev Manager, Tandberg 
 Thanks to today's vPanelists on Innovation & the Supply Chain: Luis Solis, President / Mg Partner, Symbius Company: 
 Thanks to today's vPanelists on Innovation & the Supply Chain: Rich Sherman, Dir of N America, Supply Chain Council: 
 Wow! We're on 16 lists -- . Thanks!
 How can you  your supply chain - & your bottom line? Let’s talk about it  vPanel Noon ET today 
  would need 4-mo SEC review?? RT  Would New Law Hamper Startup Fundraising? 
 RT  Telework is a gift from God. So nice to regroup, focus, and avoid office drama for a day.
 V cool RT  Wicked new 3-D optical illusion...  (thanks, Gizmodo)
  would need 4-mo SEC review?? cc:  RT  Would New Law Hamper Startup Fundraising? 
   RT  Why pivots are important to startups 
 Sounds like they are..... RT  Are Expired Domain Companies Selling You Out? - 
 This of from last week, but looks like good news for some supply chain/logistics  
 How can you green your supply chain - & your bottom line? Let’s talk about it  5/13 vPanel 
 RT  A speechwriter shot this Flip video about our event at GM  (thanks to   
 Innovating your supply chain improves your bottom line - & pleases investors. Learn how  5/13 vPanel 
 What makes you decide to attend a webinar or other online event? Timing? Cost? Topic? What are your top priorities?
 X-vPanelist! Gr8 info RT  New Post Up! Work Unchained: Competitive Edge of Anywhere Office by  
 RT  RT  BREAKING: BP Offers to Spend $1 Billion on Cleanup Advertising
 RT  Almost Half of IT Managers Are Looking in the Cloud 
 What makes you decide to attend a webinar or other online event? Timing? Cost? Topic? What are your top factors?
 Golden advice RT  My top tip of the day, never burn any bridges! you never know when you need them again.
 RT   2nd day of WEF w/ innovation & green energy; Despite recession cleantech investments continue to surge: 34B in China 19B in US
    RT  As more oil gushes into the gulf, BP unveils massive PR campaign. Will it work? 
 Thanks to Supply Chain Council for post about Thurs' vPanel discussion on innovation & supply chain: 
  RT  Missouri's Newsy Changes Journalism on the iPad 
 Thanks for your insight & contributions! RT  Just finished an online webinar on Crisis Communication.....thanks Shift Worldwide.
   Aileo Weinmann: In crisis, how respond depends on leadership -- and how it has prepared company.
   In crisis comms -- take long view in how you respond.
  Keith Hall / Stone Pigman: In a crisis, going to be a lot of questions -- be prepared to answer them.
  Keith Hall / Stone Pigman: Oil Pollution Act came out of Exxon Valdez spill.
  Keith Hall / Stone & Pigman: In crisis drills, important to have lawyers involved early. Do PR in way don't step into legal probs
   Aileo Weinmann: BP miscalculated that rig is so far off shore that didn't need to develop partnership w/ Gulf communities
  Keith Hall / Stone & Pigman: Under oil polution act,  responsible for all gov't cleanup & $75-80 mill cap on other econ/enviro
   Aileo Weinmann: NWF's response to  part of existing "war room" & process to activate comms & other needed response
   Aileo Weinmann   low est of leak rate is a big deal. Initial try to "buy people off" w/ $5K settlement v bad start
   1st response in crisis should be quick, forceful & from a high moral position.  
   In any crisis comms situation, you want to try to "manage the outrage." Public evaluates initial response.  
 .  donating 20% of proceeds to  from TODAY's vPanel discussion on    Details at 
 THANKS to 1 of 4 vPanelists on   today: Aileo Weinmann of  
 Sending THANKS to 1 of 4 vPanelists on   today: Dr. Joe Trahan 
 THANKS to 1 of 4 vPanelists on   today: Keith Hall / Stone Pigman 
 Sending THANKS to 1 of 4 vPanelists on   today:  B.J. Fischer:  
 RT  'top hat' dome will be connected by drill pipe & riser lines to the Drillship Enterprise on surface to collect & treat oil
 Via  Simplifies Group Fundraising"    Has anyone used it yet? Feedback?
 Is your company prepared for a crisis? Learn the valuable lessons from Gulf  at live vPanel discussion TODAY 
 BP 'may stem oil with golf balls and tyres' via BBC News:   
 RT  Stay up to date on Oil Spill  Text "WILDLIFE" to 20222 to donate $10 
 RT  RT   Interesting piece on BP's need to live up to their brand image .... 
 .  is donating 20% of proceeds to  from TODAY's vPanel discussion on   Details at  
 Via  "week following April 20 will go down as one of the most pivotal...weeks in the history of energy" 
 Via  -- "Don't Make BP Walk the Plank Alone...."    
 Did a single week reverse energy fortunes forever? via     cc:  
 RT  Ireland Set to Benefit From Offshore Wind Development Opportunities: Development of Offshore wind...
 What are you recent favoritte viral videos?  has its take   for this week.
  We appreciate you helping spread the word for Monday. Keep up the great work!  
 We appreciate the range of interests from our followers -- what do you think is hot or important in your area, market, etc.?
 Is your company prepared for a crisis? Learn the valuable lessons from Gulf  at live vPanel discussion Monday 
 RT    Congrats  launches awesome  project +  encourages aspiring enterprises
  Huge thanks for the RT!
 .  is donating 20% of proceeds to  from 5/10 vPanel discussion on   Details at  
 RT   "A crisis is an opportunity to use your communication skills." 
 RT  We're helping birds & other wildlife at risk from the  Text WILDLIFE to 20222 to donate $10: 
  THX to  Aileo Weinmann-1 of 4 panelists for live talk MONDAY on   & handling a crisis 
 Sending  thanks to  : 1 of 4 panelists for 5/10 live talk on   & handling a crisis 
  Thanks for the RT.
 Doing some reading on BP -- a dead-on early assessment of Gulf  by   
  Mark DuVal / DuVal & Associates:  devices: yes, biz want to make $ but ultimately it IS about patients (story from FDA mtg)
  Bob Curtis / MyoScience: Medtech device market is v efficient. Others, like pharma, may see products survive that shouldn't
  Bob Curtis / MyoScience medtech device is a "Darwinian" industry. Good ideas will get funded & survive.
  Mark DuVal / DuVal & Assoc: If med device approved outside U.S., not speed FDA approval. 
  Mark DuVal / DuVal & Associates: Life Science Alley also good association: 
  Joshua Makower / ExploraMed:  is good association for med device manufacturers, even small ones.
 RT  [R]eminder 4 tonight's  After Hrs: guest Chantel Lenard, Ford Fiesta mkrting 7PM ET/4PM PT 
 Thanks to panelists for today's vPanel on  device &  bill: Joshua Makower / CEO ExploraMed: 
 Thanks to panelists for today's vPanel on  device &  bill: Bob Curtis / CEO MyoScience: 
 Thanks to panelists for today's vPanel on  device &  bill: Mark DuVal  / DuVal & Associates: 
 Shfit Worldwide has a vPanel starting on  bill & impact on medical devices (). Other vPanels at 
 Any bets on winning bid $$?  RT  Wow! RT  Slots.Com Auction Is Live & With 2 Bids At $4 Million - 
 RT  This is great stuff RT  30 Quick Tips For Speakers (now 35!) 
  You would've thought the gov't response to Deepwater Horizon  would've been better? ;)
 RT  Interesting. Obama is the biggest recipient of BP campaign cash, reports Politico. 
 RT  Wind turbine How it Works and wind generator power... 
 via  RT  For freemium to work, people have to fall in love with your free product.  
 How will  bill impact US  device investing? Talk w/ the experts  5/6 vPanel 
 Medtronic says   device excise tax will cost $150+ mill/yr (story  ). Is  worth it?
 Is  really a "jobs killer" for  device makers?  Story  
 Will health care reform kill US  device jobs? Join the discussion  5/6 vPanel 
   RT  Daily update - The Ongoing Response to the Deepwater Oil Spill 
 Neat graphic. Wonder what  thinks RT   What oils around comes around. 
 Can US  device industry survive  bill? Talk with those on the front lines  5/6 vPanel 
 The  has an opinion piece about "Five myths about China's economy"  Do you agree? 
   RT  BP gives Congress gloomy outlook on gulf oil spill - latimes.com - 
 RT  Cloud Computing is like "shrink" at retail - most threats r from insiders says Google  
 Ditto RT  Good luck! RT  Launching Australia's first  website tomorrow.
  We appreicate you taking the time. Everyone contributed. Each had your own pt of view & unique insight.
  S. Gregory Boyd ()  is "cutting edge"
   &  resources include Radian6 (tracking)
   's Joe Matsushima: resources include  AdAge
 Thanks to vPanelists for today's viral marketing discussion: Holly V. Maust / 
 Thanks to today's vPanelists on viral marketing, including:  Joseph Matsushima ()
 Thanks to today's vPanelists talking about viral marketing:  Soraya Darabi /  of 
 Thanks to today's 3p ET vPanelists talking about viral marketing: S Gregory Boyd / D&G Attorneys 
 Answer will WOW you (& not in a good way).  RT  How Much Oil Has Leaked Out of Deepwater Horizon? 
 Tough! RT  PR ppl Can you imagine representing BP at this "town hall" meeting? Watch nightmare unfold 
 Over at  "Can GM employees woo the country back through social media?"  
 Not all viral marketing promos go as planned: "When Viral Promos Go Horrible Awry" at  
 Did you feel the  Learn secrets of successful viral marketing  free vPanel today 3pm ET 
 RT  See how 1 person can make a difference against cancer. Every RT means $1 more for research.   (client)
 RT  I am! RT  Interested in attending free virtual panel discussion on viral marketing TODAY? 
 That's tough to imagine: "Gulf oil spill: 'Like the great lakes,' EPA chief says"  (via    
 Though there was no shift in seismic activity (),   was felt all over: 
 Did you feel the  Learn the secrets of successful viral marketing  free vPanel TODAY 
 RT  RT  Thanks  &  for great  session on   
 RT  Hey guys!  is having a Low Budget Music Video Contest. Follow him, check out his tunes, & get inspired!
  Andy Reese /  : great book resource on lean product development: 
  Jim Jacoby/CHEP & Bob Shaw/Demand Chain Partners: Best to have 1 person oversee D-chain responsibility, accountability.
  Bob Shaw/Demand Chain Partners: Don't assume  vendors will offer demand chain tech packages. Need to get separate, stand-alone
  Bob Shaw/Demand Chain Ptrners: Implementing D-Chain system in stages
  Robert Shaw /Demand Chain Partners: Dell for yrs focused on promo. Past 2 yrs add marketing resource management. Still sep from ERP
  Andy Reese /  Dell good example of working w/ customers, demand chain integration w/ supply chain
  Robert Shaw / Demand Chain Partners: need to do change-management with sales & mrkting ppl to integrate new tech for D-Chain mgt
  Jim Jacoby / CHEP: CHEP about 30% of network, managing supply chain at customers' location/onsite
  Jim Jacoby/CHEP: many companies going "hybrid" demand-chain processes. P&G in Europe is example; Not as much in U.S.
 Third vPanelist for today's Customer-Driven Demand Chain discussion is Robert Shaw / Demand Chain Partners 
 A second vPanelist for today's Customer-Driven Demand Chain discussion is Jim Jacoby / CHEP: 
 Today's vPanelists on Customer-Driven Demand Chain include Andy Reese /  
 Sending  thanks to one of today's vPanelists: Andrew Reese of     
 Learn how to untangle your demand chain & grow your business today  free vPanel 
 Huge THANKS to today's vPanelists on     Jeff Neuman &   Fred Felman 
   / Fred Felman: Have a plan. As companies grow, more chance to be target of cybersquatting. Be prepared
 RT  Can companies really create viral campaigns? Learn what makes something go viral  free vPanel MONDAY htt ...
   / Jeff Neuman:  1 factor to determine if action required to protect name: If a customer contacts them after a problem
   / Fred Felman v strong brands w/ v strong relationship with customers often can get around cybersquatters
   / Jeff Neuman: More opportunity also for biz to help & protect 'selves for top level domain names.
   will soon see many more TLDN (top level domain names) like .NYC and  .gay for more cybersquatting opportunities
   Just because have a popular name doesn't necessarily give you trademark rights to defend v cybersquatters
   UDRP requires  3 things to prove in cybersquatting:  3/3) Domain registrant is using domain in bad faith
   UDRP requires  3 things to prove in cybersquatting: 2/3) Registrant has no rights or interest in using domain
   UDRP requires  3 things to prove in cybersquatting: 1 / 3) domain is identical or causes confusion to your own brand
   Fred Felman: About 50% success rate just from sending cease & desist orders to protect your online brand
  DougIsenberg: Some biz may register 1000s of domain names for brand names to keep cybersquatters from stealing them
   / Jeff Neuman: use  to look up registration info behind domain names.
  :  / Jeff Neuman: cybersquatting also tries to get ppl to sites & then you have harmful code on computer
   Felman: money is main motivator in cybersquatting: re-sell names, draw ppl for affiliate marketing are 2 examples
   Jeff Neuman: Also seeing a lot of phishing (definition: )
   More domain names disputed at UN WIPO in '09 than in any prev year. Cybersquatting becoming more of an issue
   Fred Felman: > 230,000 instances relating to cybersquatting among 30 brands monitor.
 Today's vPanelists on  include   Jeff Neuman &  Frederick Felman 
 Do you know how to monitor & protect your brand online? 30+ mins still to sign up for live  discussion: 
  slugger Ortiz  being sued by Jay-Z in  squabble: 
 Learn lessons from  & how biz can take advantage of viral marketing  free vPanel MONDAY 
 RT  Steve Jobs open letter: "Why we do not allow Flash on iPhones, iPods and iPads": 
  Glad to help. Good to see another side of someone.
 RT  RT  Apple Buys Virtual Personal Assistant Startup Siri -  by 
 "lease a descriptive premium domain name" RT  Lease Premium Domain Names for Your Business with Root Ora.. 
 Via  "As IPv4 addresses run low, fears of IP cybersquatting increase" 
 Congrats! RT  nice IndieGoGo mention in  Love the webby award nomination shouthout 
   Chinese are v practical, profit-oriented. Start on modest scale & build up relationships slowly. Bld market knowledge
  Jim Mahoney/Envirotech: Next to impossible to do business in  w/out being there. Can't do it remotely.
  Jim Mahoney/Envirotech: Water will emerge as v important sector in  & bigger role == more investing opportunity.
   China is too important to ignore for long-term mrkt developmt. Remember China not same as U.S. biz culture 
  Jim Mahoney/Envirotech: China not necessarily sneaky but be prepared that your intellectual property might be copied.
  Beni Surpin/Sheppard Mullin: Need to be patient when doing business in  & aware of their culture, what's expected. 
    "whole new arena" in China. Limited "actors" n China: gov't, local biz (few), foreign biz & orgs like w/ UN
  Jim Mahoney/Envirotech: Seeing more diversity in  China investing. Cities more welcoming to cleantech biz into community
  Beni Surpin/Sheppard Mullin:  not offering econ incentives to companies who may be seen as poluters.
  Beni Surpin/SheppardMullin: China moving at warp speed. Chinese v aware of reputation as being poluters. Working to correct it
 You can find out more abt panelists for today's investing in China cleantech . Info for today's vPanel has links to bios
 1 of the 3  panelists for today's investing in   is on Twitter: Give a follow to  
 Did you know  investing in  was 2x that in US in ’09? Join free vPanel 11a ET today to learn more 
  Yep. Submitted!
  RT  We're looking for a startup to feature on Mashable today in Spark of Genius series. Submit  
  RT  Please RT: Ford Finds Its Cool Selling the Hot Fiesta  /via 
 Via    RT  Former Cleveland Indians pitcher, still pitching at  
 Anyone really focusing on demand chain? If it's not familiar, here's a definition on Wiki: . Any good examples?
 Per DomainNews.com,  /  industries had most '09 complaints for  Story at 
 Quick quiz: Which industries have the most complaints about  (Answer & link coming within next 1/2 hr.)
 Does someone else own your brand online? Learn how to evict   4/29 vPanel. Info: 
 RT  Berkeley Stanford  Conf:  Car 2.0: Who Will Win The Race?    - 
 Is someone tarnishing your brand name online? Learn how to evict   4/29 vPanel 
 Will  do live tweets from tour? RT  Giant wind turbine blade tours America's heartland ... 
 Don’t wait the econ to recover. Control your biz NOW w/ a customer-driven demand chain. Learn more at free 4/30 vPanel 
   RT  Very interesting how Toyota is trying to manage/engage in Twitter conversation. Check this out: 
 Did you know  investing in  was 2x that in US in ’09? Join the free 4/28 vPanel to learn more 
 In ‘09 $94.7million/day was spent on  renewable energy. Discuss China  Investing at free 4/28 vPanel 
 RT  Networking group on Linkedin for those interested in Cleantech Investment 
 Hip, Hip, HOORAY! ;) RT  Intellectual Property Group: Today is the World Intellectual Property Day 
 > > RT  Sorry.  Looks like my Twitter account was hacked.  If you get requests to follow me for a free directory, they are bogus.
 Check out "‘Customer-Driven Demand Chain’ Topic of April 30 vPanel" on Docstoc - 
 I just uploaded "Evicting Cybersquatters Topic of Shift Worldwide 19s..." to Docstoc.com, check it out: 
 V cute & good RT  This week's Pogue video is up! My review of two waterproof cameras--filmed wet, of course. 
 Do you know if your brand is safe online?  has a free vPanel discussion on  4/29. Info at 
 Anyone?  RT  Would love some insights into   trends - anyone know anyone who can help me?
  Chip Amoe: Pittsburgh also hot bed / often unheard of   Mark DuVal: Ann Arbor, Indiana also good & growing
  Mark DuVal: Outside of Europe, Brazil big/growing in  but  still major outside U.S.
  Chip Amoe:  (health info tech): FDA not yet deemed software a "device" but can see it coming due to general public concern
  Mark DuVal:  needs to hire more people w/ practical, not academic backgrounds. Chip Amoe: FDA poss taking on more than can do
  Mark DuVal: nutritional supplement big sector for investors; Chip Amoe: Another big segment are biz that offer testing services.
  Mark DuVal:  investment  is down 30% in the last 2 years. 
  Mark DuVal: 80% of  companies have fewer than 50 employees. So most are small & gov't reg can be tough.
  Mark DuVal -- seeing a lot of concern on new taxes in new  & expected new/more regulation for  investing, esp devices
 Our other vPanelist is Mark DuVal of DuVal & Associates, Minneapolis: 
 Today's vPanelists include: Chip Amoe of American Society of Anesthesiologists  /  
 About ready to start today's  event on  investing & gov't regulations: 
 Which  sectors are best for your investments? Get into the discussion today 1p ET/ noon CT FREE vPanel 
 Good info, not just for investors RT  India and China : Cleantech comparison 
 Have an interest in  or  tech & how gov't regs may be hurting investment? Free discussion today 1p ET: 
 Learn how  companies can successfully wade through gov’t regs during free 4/22 vPanel discussion 
 RT    RT  Highs & Lows Of A Successful Entrepreneur: Thomas Loarie Speaks To Innovatrs 
 RT  Medical Technology  Strives for Personal Focus, Cost Efficiency   
 RT  FREE Which  sectors are best for your investments? Get into the discussion at 4/22  
 RT  We can google you, check out your twitter account - so skip intros of speakers, panelists, moderators.... 
 It's  RT  Learn how  companies successfully wade thru gov’t regs during 4/22 vPanel discussion 
 RT  Bullish On Clean-Tech, VC Set To Boost Massachusetts Investing 
 Via  "Venture Capital Investment In 1Q Near All-Time Lows" 
 Have a great idea for   Here are some tips from his mouth to your ears, via Ragan: 
 Who's following who's interested in medical tech investing? Any $0.02 on if gov't regs is too much, just right or too little in 
 RT  A look at what's ahead this week in   :    $ABT $JNJ $SYK $STJ
 Are gov’t regs stopping  investment? Learn how to wade through gov’t red tape at FREE 4/22 vPanel discussion 
 Ditto that!  RT  Congrats to our own  for her 4:36:41 finish in the Boston Marathon!!
 Nice report on March 30 Med Tech Showcase 2010 in Sacramento:    
  -- If have interest in gov't regs & medtech investing, info on our 4/22 live event is . It's 
  Saw your Singapore & medtech story. Would you have interest in 4/22 online discussion abt gov't red tape & medtech investing?
 Is gov’t regulation stifling innovation & profits in  investing? Get into the discussion at  4/22 vPanel 
 We have a number of  scheduled to finish up April. Schedule at: 
 Sending  shout-out to   (Hey, it might get him one or two more followers??)  
 RT  How a hotel in Copenhagen is taking green to the next level 
 Agree RT  Great article by  RT  Applying Workshifting Lessons to Corporate World 
 Ditto! RT  US Dept of Transportation seeking small biz resrch proposals for SBIR Grants:    Go for it!
 Thanks! RT  WHEW!  Done my first vPanel.  Quite kick ass.  
 Thanks to today's vPanelists: Michele DeKinder-Smith ( / Jane Out of the Box : 
 Thanks to today's vPanelists:  / Aylet Inc.:  (3/4)
 Thanks to today's vPanelists: Kelly Hoey ( / 85 Broads NYC Chapter:  (2/4)
 Thanks to today's vPanelists: Steven Glaser / The Schroeder Group:  (1/4)
  Steven Glaser: Going to LLC to corp, easy. Corp to LLC not so easy, from tax viewpoint.
   Motivation plays important role. If want to be small or large biz, determines business planning/route
  Steven Glaser: Bigger not necessarily better. Biz w/ < 15 employees still make up a lot of businesses in U.S.
   Men have more experience in being entrepreneurs - likely 1 reason why succeed more. Women not fully succeeding YET
  Steven Glaser/Schroeder: When start spending money (contracts) or making $, need to get legal advice to protect self.
   Studies show entrepreneurs are creative, no limits on ideas. But every org needs to "arrive" not just in creative mode
   -- don't let emotion ("I don't like him") prevent you from reaching out to someone for help.
   women often have trouble expressing 'self, asking for sale, etc.
   re: Twitter --% of self-promo vs others. W/ all soc media, consider self in room w/ others & treat same way.
  Steven Glaser: intellectural property -- don't do own entrepreneur work on job if  still working full time. Employer could claim it
  Steve Glaser/Schroeder Group: Best to talk early than spend more $$ later & fixing problems/issues.
  Steven Glaser/Schroeder Group: Talk to an attorney as early as poss for planning. Seek out other prof'l service providers early
   -- has free online assessment at 
   In biz planning, focus on what LOVE to do. - shiftworldwide live on 
 Our 2p ET vPanel: Women Entrepreneurs' Toolkit for Success  starts soon. Still time to register: .
 Thanks to today's vPanelists:    Info on 2p ET women business owners discussion: 
 Former vPanelist  has thoughtful post about "smaller is better" for renewable energy  cc  
 If you're a  running a  or want to, still time to get your "toolkit for success" today, 2pm. Info at 
 Are you a reporter or blogger? Interested in women entrepreneurial topics?  me if you want to attend  today's 2pm ET online discussion.
 Thanks to  for the post (ttp://cot.ag/99RbTz) on Weds' vPanel discussion ().
  Thanks for the follow! How's the turn out for April 21-23 conference? Did you see our Weds discussion? 
  Glad to help. Do you agree with the increase in diversity in future yrs? Any other predictions? 
 RT  RT  40% of U.S. public co directors retire or relinquish seats over next several yrs   
 Thanks to Northwest Women's Business Center, Mukilteo, Wash. (N of  for post about Weds' vPanel: 
 "culture of a board...is one of the most critical elements of good governance"  via  
 RT  RT  RT  Crowd Film Funding: Losers and Winners  This is good reading. 
 Female-owned small biz to create 1/3 of new US jobs by 2018. Get  toolkit for success at 4/14 vPanel 
 Women start more biz than men, but why don’t more succeed? Get Women Entrepreneurs’ Toolkit for Success at 4/14 vPanel 
 Are you a reporter, blogger or work in media? Interested in women entrepreneurial topics?  or DM if you want to attend online discussion?
 Per the Ctr for Women's Biz Resrch 3% of women-owned firms have revenues of $1 million or more vs 6% of men-owned firms 
 If you’re a woman & own or want to own your business, get your “toolkit for success”  4/14 vPanel 
 Curious -- have you (you or your company) been victimized by 
 Excited to have a new Shiftie on board Monday! 
 Thanks to  (1 of our panelists) for blog post this week on 4/14 discussion on women entrepreneurs: 
 Women-owned biz expected to account for 5 million new jobs in next 8 yrs: .
 Congrats!  RT  So excited  is joining the NY Chapter Leadership Team!
 Sweet! RT  Just asked to be a  panelist at an entrepreneur's conference in June. Funding & entrep's are HOT now
 RT  RT  Tomorrow's board members will require: time; patience; and global mindset. 
 Latest  news: If you're a woman biz owner/entrepreneur & looking for real tips on success, see our 4/14 vPanel 
 RT  Inc.'s April issue, featuring cover story on running virtual business, now avail online & at newsstands 
 Thanks to  for this morning's post about our 4/14 vPanel: . Thanks for being a panelist!
 If you have a family-owned business, here's good tips for transitioning from 1 generation to the next: 
 Over on   has great analysis of women business owners as "second class entrepreneurs" 
 As we head into the first full week of April & the 2nd quarter, any big news in your industry or business? Hot trends?
 Sending  thanks to   &  (Shiftie!) for the convos this week. 
  thanks to  /  for being a vPanelist this week. Great insight on farmshoring / domestic sourcing
 Nice article on  in  . Features  &    
  Nelson Ruiz: Not yet visit Ark facility but weekly or multiple times per week interact with
  how often visit rural centers & how involved in comm'ty?  in development centers at least 1/mo. In touch w/ Chambers
  Nelson Ruiz: used domestic sourcing for producing products not in core & for new prods where time flexibility key
  Dan Berman: In proj mgt & which to ship to domestic center or keep in-house, comes down to cost.
  Intellectual property protection?  Any sofware, etc., can be pirated but in US better understanding of penalty, rts
  Dan Berman: See India & China better manage currency exchange. If China currency floats w/ rest of world, not as cost effective
  ? Think  or  feel threatened by domestic sourcing?  not threatened but may try offer sim benefits
  Nelson Ruiz: In difference from India v US onshoring: in US domestic sourcing centers feel more part of team, willing to solve prob
 RT  who is candidate for farmshoring? total cost + efficiency vs in-house.  -
   Iowa has done good job of branding self and focusing onshoring in state.
  Dan Berman: Rural America so "hungry" for these types of jobs.
  Dan Berman: Able to open Americus, Ga. facility w/ little own $. Community and developer financed & responsible for much of it.
  ? to ask to consider farmshoring?  can this function be done in house? If not what if final efficiency to outsource?
  Nelson Ruiz: Experience been much better since move from overseas to Jonesboro, Ark.
   not promoting protectionism but typically domestic sourcing focusing on US. Mexico & Canada do offer own advantages
  Nelson Ruiz: Worked 4 yrs w/ outsourced co & faced  challenges. Rural sourcing eliminated cultural, timezone & language challenges
  Dan Berman: Sought geo location closer to Atlanta to save time & meet pharma clients' needs. Foreign not possible
  Dan Berman: often, farmshoring locations in U.S. are smaller scale. Around 100-200 employees. But can tie a lot together via tech
   Prefer domestic sourcing term
  Define farmshoring?  Don't like farmshoring as conjures up wrong image. Hire IT ppl who choose to live in non-metro
 Sending thanks to 1 of 3 panelists for 3p ET farmshoring vPanel:  /   
 Thanks to 1 of 3 panelists for 3p ET farmshoring vPanel: Dan Berman CEO of PharmaCentra  
 RT  IBM: "Flexibility doesn't mean working all the time. It means you really do get time off... If you're not asking for it ...
  Gave it a good glance; need to dig in more. Caught my eye because  is a virtual biz. Def a growing trend
 Expanding your business? Don’t look overseas. TODAY learn how farmshoring could be your answer  vPanel 
 Thanks to 1 of 3 panelists for 3p ET farmshoring vPanel: Nelson Ruiz, Dir of Prod Mgt for Trillium Software,  
 Thanks to 1 of 3 panelists for 3p ET farmshoring vPanel: Dan Berman CEO of PharmaCentra  Berman & Hamilton are in 
 Sending thanks to 1 of 3 panelists for 3p ET farmshoring vPanel:  / 
 RT  Correlation between gov stimulus grants & top 10 VC deals declining CTG says, but ARRA still a major influence for 
 Looks like biz are loosening the "reins" RT  Who Should Own Your Smartphones?  Via: CIOonline
 Learn how rural America could be the promiseland for U.S. business  vPanel TODAY on farmshoring 
 RT  First comes love, then comes marriage, then comes a brutal 2-decade long battle over assets, houses... 
 via  informative piece by  in  on "The Case, and the Plan, for the Virtual Company" 
 Still time to register for today's 3p ET/Noon PT live discussion on keeping top female attorneys for your law firm & corp 
 Interesting POV RT  Interesting point from audience: ppl think that because social media is "free" it can't be good 
 Interested to learn more about  &  Read  piece about us in today's Chicago  
 Sending  thanks to  /   for being 1 of the  vPanelists on 3/31: 
  Thanks for info & good for them. Smart move. Looking FWD to your involvement in 4/14 discussion.
 RT  "That girl has a lot of growing up to do." how do you manage or encocurage young, female talent within your...  ...
 Learn how rural America could be promiseland for US business (yours too!)  3/31 vPanel on farmshoring 
  Did pass your info to producer. Given timeframe & other details, passing for now, but you're on our radar.
  You might be interested in farmshoring discussion we have 3/31 . Some info you already know, but some new?
  Yep, that answers my question. Was just curious. Thanks.
 RT  1,148 health care professionals have listed their social network connections: 
 Via  more biz like  are virtual, according to story on   
  Good to hear. When you say a  fallback option, do you mean as somewhat flex work sched or like in bad weather?  
  So do you offer services for biz or help biz relocate/expand? Looks like you help w/ biz services.
 gr8 article RT   OnShoring is booming. AKA domestic sourcing, companies such as Rural America ... 
 .  plans $2bill total investment RT  My Brain Hurts— Solar Powered Oil Fields are Coming  
 HUGE thanks to today's vPanelists:    & David Goldenberg/Virtual Law Partners. Valuable info. 
  David Goldenberg/VLP: When managing virtual teams, don't lose sight that there's a real person on other end of email, IM, etc.
   Talent pool is "broken wide open" when work virtually. Can hire someone from any where.
   often enough, ppl at  have opportunity to earn more than traditional agency; work smarter
  David Goldenberg/VLP: Tend to promote greenness & efficiency of virtual teams: no brick & mortar
   &  students or those used to academic work enviro typ good in virtual team because similar process
   On LinkedIn, been posting questions, getting 160+ ppl following & sharing info in discussions.
   Twitter great tool to connect w/ people not on typical radar; find/reseach topics.
  David Goldenberg/VLP: Not just looking outside for best practices; also seeing currently using technologies & how best use them
   see more emphasis on *process* of working virtually than the fact of having virtual teams.
   soon won't be a special word for virtual work or other terms. Just work.
   generation coming in completely comfortable with Twitter, Facebook, etc., in chatting/working w/ ppl not meet.
   Important for managers to promote contact w/ virtual employees;
   Stats understate reality of 24/7 worldwide enviro of working. Ppl need to face growing trend/poss of working virtually
   : does not hire entry level ppl; hire experienced ppl so ask for specific examples to show skills
   Critical in a virtual company to be willing to share information by employees
   look for "intra-preneurial" -- those who are entrepreneurs but willing to work w/in a corp
  David Goldenberg/VLP Have formal assessment for potential new employees to determine if pers be successful in F-T virtual enviro
  David Goldenberg/VLP: Have formal assessment for potential new employees.
   re: communication, find out how team members prefer comms & what preferred method.
   If have trouble mging ppl on site, probs magnified virtually
   regular and varied communication key. Live, real-time comms; not just email is important.
   effective managers same but still new level. Set goals that are v clear w/ firm deadlines & expectations
   import for a mgr of a virtual team to know & able use tech involved
   If not everyone can make a mtg, some tech can record mtgs for those who can't attend & still catch up.
  For biz w/ ppl in varying timezones, best  practices?  look if really need to meet or just info-sharing?
  VLP/ David Goldenberg: Many clients do not have a regular need or desire to meet w/ their attorneys face to face.
  VLP/David Goldenberg: firm growing and modeled out to 350 attorneys. Don't see any limit to staffing levels.
  Can a virtual team/biz be too big?  As long as right ppl & mgt structure in place (too few mging to many), is no limit
   Need to shift from  being a manager to being a leader: empower ppl, help them, etc., & all be accountable.
   at  everyone uses  and use iChat
   for virtual teams/mtgs, "can't beat power of video." Exs are Skype & Tokbox
  VLP/David Goldenberg: often asked how diff than typ law firm. Not much, other than no "36th office floor" that clients pay for.
   often receive questions of how ensure productivity & IT infrastructure.
   virtual teamwork is a human endeavor. Work w/ ppl know, like & trust; regardless of location. Helps share pers info
  VLP/David Goldenberg: Spends as much time to fit culturally as functionally. Hard to maintain but valuable
   social-emotional process makes a successful virtual team. Both components crit to work together well
  What makes a virtual team successful?  : task-related process to ensure team fully participating; i.e., a guide. 1/2
 Thanks to today's vPanelists:    & VLP's David Goldenberg. Topic: Blg/Managing Virtual Teams 
 Our bldg/managing virtual teams vPanel starts in about an hour: . Any ?? or to follow via Twitter, use 
 RT  Today is World Water Day - Learn more at   
 Still time to register for today's live discussion on bldg/managing virtual teams  Have questions? Tweet them via 
 Curious: Any of our followers heard of or experienced farmshoring? Also, called domestic sourcing?
 .  says 75.5% of US workers to be mobile by 2013. See how you can build & manage effective virtual teams *today* 
 Sending THANKS to 2 of 4 panelists for today's vPanel on managing virtual teams:   & 
 Sending THANKS to 2 of 4 panelists for today's vPanel on managing virtual teams:   & David Goldenberg/VLP ()
 See what VA did RT  RT   Virtual USA & Web 2.0 « The Business of Gov't: Getting it Done 
  Tim Konicek: Also helps to have prototype done before starting "money chase" by  cos
   For any biz model: need biz plan developed and thought out; & cust development process down.
  ? when should  co start "money chase"?
