 RT  GQ has just named Charleston one of the coolest small cities in America in their Nov. issue. 
 Learn about national community service in the Charleston area. Like the new VISTA Facebook page : 
 A must see: C of C Halsey Institute presents bluesphere: Earth Art Expo, combining sustainability education and art. 
 Cancer-Causing Compounds Multiply in Gulf After Oil Spill - AOL Health  via 
 Microbes ate the oil and now plants clean up pollution: 
 The beautiful "Save Noisette Creek" mural finally goes up for all to see: 
 Mural promotes protecting creek | The Post and Courier, Charleston SC - News, Sports, Entertainment  via 
 5 Neat, Odd Innovations That Might Fix the Economy, the Housing Market, the Environment, and Household Finances 
 "Save Noisette Creek" mural unveiling is a crowd pleaser: 
 Check this out. A boat that purifies water while producing electricity: 
 Join us at Charleston County School of the Arts for the "Save Noisette Creek" mural unveiling October, 11: 
 Volunteers join Michaux for the 22nd Annual Beach Sweep/River Sweep: 
 When a single swath of ocean contains more plastic than plankton  via 
 “Living Green” TV show explains how stormwater pollutes our waterways: 
 Win a $600 Jamis Commuter bike and reduce you carbon footprint: 
 See the rise and fall of Noisette Creek 
 Biohabitat creates floating wetlands  - Note: Biohabitats plans work in North Charleston   via 
 Take a Walk With Us in Riverfront Park and Learn Why It’s Sustainable: 
 RT  Got an urban ag question?Ask John Ameroso: 
 RT  For all vegetable planting dates in SC, see Planning a Garden    
 RT  Check for cool graphic of how  affects food chain down the water column 
 Headed to Chicora Elementary for a PASS test pep rally, then to meet the Metanoia students at the MiniFarm! Busy day in 
 Great  article on growing vertical gardens. So cool! 
 RT  Bring 50 outdoor ecosystems to schools! Vote for Ponds for Kids in Pepsi Refresh program: 
 COOL! RT  Plant a hummingbird garden 
 RT    gleans excess produce from local farms + distributes it 2 the hungry.  we need volunteers Sat!
 Cool idea! RT  Manpower for school gardens and school food:  
 RT  RT  Want to help wildlife & wetlands along the Gulf? List of ways to help: 
 RT  Don't forget to buy tickets for the Chef's Potluck this weekend at Middleton Place
 RT  GreenScaping: The Easy Way to a Greener, Healthier Yard | US EPA 
 RT  RT  Urban ecological restoration to begin at Noisette Creek in N. Charleston: 
 Will do!RT  The Farmers' Market at Park Circle runs from NOON to 7 pm today - stop by for great produce! 
 RT  Everything you ever wanted to know about heirloom tomatoes! Grow a Rainbow of Heirloom Tomatoes 
 RT   Lifestyles: some frequently asked questions ab  microbes: 
 New blog: restoration efforts to begin at Noisette Creek : 
 RT  Wetlands near Riverfront Park to be restored 
 Yes, we hung out with figure skaters. And, helped build oyster reefs. At the same time. Intrigued? 
 Great article in  about wetlands restoration in the Navy Yard 
 A secret park with a pier in North Charleston? Learn more: 
 MiniFarm watered, check. What's a MiniFarm you ask? 
 RT   You need 2 be retweeting this. Attend Hearing on Offshore Drilling tonight!!!  
 RT  What is Grey Water? How can you reuse it?  
 So bad for our waterways! RT  article that describes dangers of fertilizer overuse:   
 RT  Fmr Pres. Bill Clinton highlights network of sustainable urban gardens in earthquake-ravaged Haiti 
 RT  Charleston ocean lovers - can you make it to an  hearing today? 1pm and 7pm 
 RT  COAST will be at the  Chef's Potluck this Sunday, May 2. If you love local food & beer, you better go.
 RT  Just watched Food, Inc. and you should too. It's free and will change the way you shop for dinner. 
 After you check out our pics(), learn more about oyster reef restoration! 
 Uploaded Tricounty Youth Service Day pics to Facebook. Become our friend and check it out: 
 RT  RT GrowMore, Surya Biofertilizers: All-Natural Soil Probiotics Improve Soil 
 RT  Helpful article on how you can create a workplace recycling program   
 RT  Do you recycle? What's the most recycled product in the US?  I bet you didn't guess this: 
 What a busy weekend! Lots of blog updating to do. Will keep you posted, but until then . . . 
 Ambrose Farms needs your help  See our FB page for more info! 
 RT  anniv of Earth Day! Head to Fish & sip yummy cocktails w/ Evan & learn more about Sustainability Instit 
   Thanks for the RTs today. Happy Earth Day!
 RT  Park Circle's Farmers Market's officially open! Treat yr body right w/some fresh fruits & veggies! via 
 HAPPY EARTH DAY! Now, get outside and enjoy what Mother Nature's given us. Oh, and check out our blog : ) 
 RT  Volunteer! From storm-drain marking, cleaning up a park, this Saturday is Tri County Youth Service Day in Chas!...
 RT  Greater Park Circle Film Society showing two films about water resources 
 RT  Food, Inc. on PBS tonight as part of the "Point of View"  series. It's def. worth a watch! 
  Ready to use some Surya Shoot Up today at the Mini Farm!
 RT  Enjoying  tips for getting connected to    scavenger hunt & more. 
 RT  North Charleston Farmers Market opens tomorrow.  
 RT  Just Food for Thought: The overuse of GMOs threatens soil quality. 
 RT  Keep beaches clean! RT  Dead whale's stomach includes plastic bags, golf ball, sweatpants:...
 Looking forward to working in the MiniFarm with Metanoia students today. Mulching, more planting and all natural microbiotic fertilzing!!!
 RT  kid project!  approx. time-- 10 minutes!  newspaper pots for your seedlings 
 RT  Celebrate Earth Day, enjoy some tasty cocktails and raise some $ for Sustainability Instit at Fish on Thur. 
 Just uploaded new MiniFarm pics! Check it out  
 RT  Try a raised garden bed this year. We can deliver one to you, or you can learn to build it yourself. 
 Great day with School of the Arts students on Noisette Creek. Y'all rock!
 RT  Science Daily:  role cited in natural clean-up of contaminants:    
 Have you checked out our new blog? Let us know your thoughts! 
 RT  MAke some $ and save the environment this week. AAA is giving $1 for every battery recycled this week! 
 COOL! RT  Organizations aim to pepper Austin, Texas with urban farms — City Farmer News 
 RT  Wh. Hse Conf.  Prof. Bill Cronin: " not just out there but in every place where all of us live."...
 RT  White House Conference on America's Great Outdoors is starting. Follow along with C&NN LIVE throughout the event....
 RT  New  legislation will strengthen EPA’s authority to protect the public from  chems - but we're going to need yr...
 RT  First Lady spotlights urban farming today, brings Let's Move! to San Diego   Yes, I'm there...
 Learn how to plant a chemical-free square foot garden. Good for the Earth and esp our waterways! 
 RT  Sprouting Wings - Gardening & nature programs for children - South Carolina Botanical Garden 
 TRUE THAT! RT  RT  The value of volunteer time just went up $0.65 an hour:  
 RT  Things I love about Park Circle  If you see someone out around the 'hood more than twice, they instantly become your...
 RT   Thanks for the RT! Right on!
 Great blog about how lawn chemicals affect the oceans and what you can do to help. Highly recommend! 
 RT  Here's a cool HuffPo resource 2 start a school garden: 
 Anyone else in  want to go? Encouraged to apply as a "community" RT  Apply to Slow Food's conferenceTerra Madre:...
 Getting ready to build a 3 bin one! RT  RT  Plans for building your own compost bins 
  AHAHAH! Hope you're enjoying Spring Break!
  Thanks! Love your tweets as well!
 RT  RT  13 TEDTalks about the ocean:  
 Plant for us tomorrow too! RT  First Lady, special guests do Spring Planting of White House Garden tomorrow...
 RT  Help defend Charleston’s waterways from pollution by attending the Water Ball tonight. 
 RT  Energy Conservation Corps now hiring!   
 RT  RT  Amazing Visual : Facts about bottled water  - Educate. 
 How to Build a Raised Bed--it's easy! 
 Agreed! RT   It's a beautiful day at Riverfront Park
 RT  World Water Day: Dirty water kills more people than violence, says UN 
 RT  RT  Want to combat hunger in your neighborhood?  Learn how to start an urban garden to help combat food insecurity....
 Awesome group! Learn weatherization skills!RT  Calling HS grads 18-24, the Energy Conservation Corps of North Charleston is still...
 Love the Story of Stuff! Hate bottled water! RT  The story of stuff released the Story of Bottled water today:...
 Thx for sharing! RT  always amazing images-  World Water Day --  (via  )
 RT  RT  "The Cycle of Insanity: The Real Story of Water" from  has officially premiered! 
 RT  Did you know that 70% of the water we use goes to agriculture? Find out more (and easy ways you can save water)......
 YUM! RT  Charleston Farmers Market is back on April 3!
  Thanks! We love yours too!
 RT  Easy ways to experience and connect with nearby nature    
 This is awesome! RT 2 more weeks to apply: Best internship on Earth! Travel the country, $2,000  gear...
 Great idea! RT  Happy St. Patrick's Day! Instead of wearing green, plant some green!
 Fight childhood obesity by getting kids into nature! RT  What is Your State Doing to get Children into Nature?...
 Iron Curtain Becomes Green Belt! Fascinating. 
 Great Op-Ed by Rev. Bill Stanfield of Metanoia re: bringing a grocery store to south North Charleston: 
 RT  Tricounty Youth Service Day registration deadline is this Friday...spread the word! 
 INSPIRING! RT  RT  RT  Fab examples of non-traditional growing spaces 
 RT  3/4 of Charleston trash could have been recycled! Learn how to start recycling in Charleston here: 
 RT  White House swaps Bush-era cups for green ones: USA Today
 RT  The cost of nitrogen fertilizer that runs off fields and pollutes the environment is 30 billion yuan ($4.5 billion) p ...
 RT  60 Ways Farmers Can Protect Surface Water 
 RT  Locals First Block Party  Ted's Butcherblock March 6 12:00 - 6:00pm to benefit Lowcountry Local First  
 Here's the article  OOPS! Become a lunch buddy inn  today. DM for more info. 
 Great article about the Poetry Cafe at Chicora Elementary in  DM me about becoming a Lunch Buddy  and make a difference (and a...
 SO CUTE! RT    love spending time with our chicora mentees  
 Be there! RT  Metenoia partnered with Neighborhood Councils: Chicora/Cherokee Neighborhood Town Hall Meeting, tonight at...
 RT  RT  RT  Cinderella Day needs DRESSES!! Look through your closet,  donate!...
 RT  Your first Monday morn task: shoot an email to Congress urging them to help get healthy food into local schools:...
 RT  Come to CIty Council Tues Feb 23rd at 5pm to show support for the Charleston Green Plan  
 We are!! RT  Gonna run the 8K for H20 this Saturday at Folly Beach. Come on out and run to support clean water!...
 Anyone running in the MESSA 8k for H20 on Folly this weekend? One of our staffers is!  
 RT  More than 80K chemicals in use have never been fully assessed for toxic impacts on human health, we need reform 
  Thank y'all!!!!!
 RT  Why Organic Farming is Eco-Friendly?: In organic farming, farmers follow simple and Eco-friendly techniques in far......
 RT  When we asked you to join us in helping Recycling Education get more facebook fans...you delivered! Help us reach......
 Just added some great pics to Facebook! Check it out   
  been good to us! RT  Urban farmers are challenging city halls to rewrite ordinances 
 Great article on Metanoia, one of our closest partners:  Building the MiniFarm with their Civic Leaders! Amazing group!...
  And one was to me! YAY!
 RT  Food stamps can be used to purchase seeds and plants used to grow foods including fruit trees 
 Yummy! RT  Oyster Roast!  Oyster Roast!  March 21st!!  Bowen's Island Restaurant!  Awesome food, bands, and of course BEER!
 Need 7 more followers to get to 100! Help us out  and  Get out the word on preserving N. Chas' natural environment DO IT! DO IT!
 SC's freshwater wetlands make the   Top 10 Endangered List:  Wow  and  Let's get to work!
 RT  City of Seattle Launches “Year of Urban Agriculture” Campaign. 
 RT  A simple way to teach children to love nature:    
 RT   Every time I leave  for a bit it's the 1st pungent whiff of pluff mud that lets me know I'm home.
 RT  Please, if you use pesticides inside or outside the home, follow all safety precautions. Pesticide Safety Fact...
 RT  RT  Calling All Teachers: Win A Garden For Your School  (Parents can apply too!)
 RT  Sea da fishes. Save da money! Sea & Save for SC residents during February! 
 New ruling will protect up to 400,000 of Lowcountry wetlands | TheDigitel Charleston - 
  Good idea! Hey  what are your thoughts about a mural about Noisette Creek on your building?
  Had fun at the Food Conference with y'all last week! Still full from all they yummy local food . . .
  WoW! That is awesome. Hey  check out pangeabottles.com!
 RT  A handbook of Swamps, marshes, and bays open to the public    
 RT  Now at  in  
  Huffpost: Best water bottles. I have a Klean Kanteen, a Sigg and a Nalgene (yes, I am an environerd).
  Thanks for the RT! Just checked out your site as well : )
 Rita's Farewell continues tonight at EVO in  See you there? Anybody make it to  last night
 RT  Welcome the S.C. State Ports Authority to twitter.   
 RT  Mark your calendars: Lowcountry Local First meeting Feb. 10 at Charleston Bicycle Company. www.lowcountrylocalfirst.org
 RT  Two For Tues Lunch! 2-topping slice, salad & drink $6.00 OR 2-topping 10" & drink for $8.00. Will tweet dinner specials ...
 RT  Today is World Wetlands Day!    
 Wondering what we do  and  Check out 
 In Latino Gardens, Vegetables, Good Health and Savings Flourish - 
 RT  We are officially taking applications for apprentices for our Growing New Farmers Incubator Program starting this.. ...
 RT  Watch for flooding today (and nasty runoff!). Oil, gas, and trash can wash into our waterways on days like this.
 RT  RT  The State of the City has begun and will be posted in full at  in 25  ...
 On the road to Columbia for a Sustainable Local Food Systems conference.  Anyone else from  going?
 RT  California McDonald's Franchise to Make Fast Food Green: by Jennifer Lawinski, Posted Jan 28th 2010  2:00PM AP It... h ...
 So where's the best spot in  to paint a mural about restoring the Noisette Creek (translation: we need a big building to paint on!)?
 RT  RT   Mayor Summey will deliver his State of the City address Thursday at 7pm from City Hall. 
 RT  It doesn't get better than pizza at evo followed by M. Trent and Cary Anne at the Mill  
 RT  Celebrities get dirty to get clean!  Watch this video in support of the Clean Energy Jobs & American Power Act http:// ...
 RT  Aquatic Plant Management Plan available for review 
 RT  Green Drinks Charleston encourages our friends to Support the Charleston Green Plan - and thanks to the countless... ht ...
 Today is a great day to begin building our MiniFarm in the Navy Yard in  WoOt wOot! 
 be sure to watch the local   news tonight for a story on air pollution & public health. I recommend Channels 5 and 24. Thanks CCL!
  Awesome! Let us know what you find!
 RT  Check out the spot on the news this evening featuring Charleston Waterkeeper and waterkeeper Cyrus Buffum.  Great... ht ...
 Excited we got our Healthy Sprout Award in the mail! Can't wait to start our seedlings! Yummy local food! 
 Excited to see what the soil sampling we did in the Navy Yard in  for the MiniFarm reveals! Yes, soil sampling in the rain is fun 
 Rainy day in  Wishing our rain harvesting system was hooked up instead of sitting next to my desk!
 mourning that is! But seriously, Rita gave us tomatoes in December!  
 We are mouring the loss of a great organic farmer in our area. Rita's Roots you will be missed. Best of luck in VA!  
 RT  Students Helping the Community on MLK Day  
 RT  RT  BBQ Joint giving away a free bbq sandwich with $10 donation to the red cross Haiti rebuild and relief fu ...
 Thinks being a Lunch Buddy at Chicora is a great way to spend a sunny day on the playground with the kids. Ask me how you can become one!
 RT  Kicking some Navy Yard at Noisette History your way this morning... 
 So grateful for the CofC students who volunteered yesterday. We are 4 raised beds closer to a MiniFarm! Great MLK day in 
 RT  RT  Planet Green: top ten green school teacher tips: 
 Make that your bad  Get to the Riverfront Race Festival next year or we might need you to come in on Saturday. Mm Hm. That'd be great.
 Riverfront Race Festival was redonk. Get there next year if you weren't there today. Your bad.
  the MiniFarm in the Navy Yard!!!!
 Not to mention the Noisette Creek Preserve?!
 Riverfront race festival was awesone. Run in alot of races but this was by far the most fun! Sol Driven Train, Shrimp & Grits, Beer!
  Spectating is overrated. Not really. But how 'bout that creek?
 Sending a huge thank you to the Sustainable Warehouse for supplying wood for our MiniFarm's raised beds! Check 'em out:
 RT  RT  Jan. Green Drinks Charleston gathering is tonight at Yo Burrito, 6pm 
  Riverfront Park,  E. Montague  biz district & the Chicora Gardens area of the Navy Yard. Of course we are biased though ; )
 Getting way to excited about urban permaculture! Getting lots of ideas from this site . Thx Lowcountry Community Gardens
 Course info for the Riverfront Race: . Check out Noisette Creek while you're running & join our restoration efforts!
 Hey  We're new to Twitter Help us get some new followers. RTs are most appreciated!
 RT  Get off your butt and come meet some new people for drinks while learning how sustainability and entrepreneurship... ht ...
 Looking forward to working with CofC on their MLK Challenge service project! Sign up all you CofCers: 
 RT  Letters to the Editor offer rebuttal to Robert Behre's recent article - Oak Terrace Preserve 'succeeding admirably' ...
 RT  Click to support recommendations to adapt to, and protect the SC Coast... 
 Hey  Interested in knowing about environmental news/happenings in North Charleston and all things Navy Yard? Follow us!
 Working hard getting things together to build an oyster reef in Noisette Creek on TriCounty Youth Service Day: 
 Paul Stamets believes that mushrooms can save our lives and restore our ecosystems. Interesante. 
 Check out the Noisette Creek if you're running in the Riverfront Race this weekend. We're working hard to preserve it: 
 RT  Tweetup:  on Jan 19, 2010 RSVP here:   
 Hey Facebook fans! Check us out on Twitter: . All the cool kids are doing it ; )
 RT  Live in Washington, DC - learn about $3,000 scholarships in horticulture, conservation, sustainability etc at www.n ...
 Working on a print cartridge/electronics recycling fundraiser. Let me know if your business wants to get involved!
 RT  RT  This post is an inspiration for anyone who wants to help gets kids outdoors! 
 Excited about attending the SC Sustainable Local Food Systems Conference! Anyone else going?
 RT  Environmental Health Concerns: A Challenge for Each of Us  ...
 RT  Ed Rose, MWV President...  "Think global, act local" as he gives a welcome before the park donation.
 RT   Mayor Summey thanking MWV and KapStone for the park donation
 RT  It takes a community to sustain a small farm 
 Working hard on a display for Zucker Middle School of Science featuring a model stormwater drain.
 Oh, and yes, Michaux is on Twitter now. Excited to share with all you Tweeters what we are up to!
 Just got back from a meeting about MLK Day of Service. Gonna get a head start on our MiniFarm here in the Navy Yard!
