 At Bloomingdales for a little retail therapy. Ahhh :-)
 RT         
 www.AngelinaSpicer.com Check me out!
 up writing & brainstorming.
 Thanks for posting! RT  Coming Soon! Mrs. Butterworth The Movie: 
 I'm on  First time was with  This time for my sketch on   
 Ofcourse! Thank Y-O-U! :) >  you killed the Cocan spot! thanks for the follow back
 "Like" me, or Eat hot maple  ​Angelina-Spicer/13668074973385​2
 Thanks for posting!  >  Conan Introduces A New Action Heroine in "Mrs. Butterworth 
 Watermelon for breakfast. 
 Hell yea! Her ass is grass! j/k  >   was funny as HELL! Can u shoot Dora's ass again?
 Ahh!! Thank you so much! :))  >  The video was damn funny!.Big up HU alum! Keep doing your thing pretty Eyes!
 Good morning tweeps!!!!
  You were killin those close up shots in your movie last night!!!!! I loved it! Job well done! 
 you as well lady! I had a great time! >  So good to see Angelina!! What a beautiful night!!! 
 I am loving that  is now following me! :)) 
 So glad you liked it! Thanks for posting. :)  > Conan Presents Mrs. Butterworth: The Movie: 
 RT  1 of our favorite ppl to work with were in a Conan video last night! Check out   
 Indeed!!   >
 Glad yall liked it!  >  Conan O'Brien Presents Mrs. Butterworth: The Movie. She's Got Guns
 Thanks lady! ahhah I got a kick outta using the syrupy guns!  RT  I totally I laughed out loud at work :) Great job!!
 I sure hope so!  ;-) RT  Does the sequel include Aunt Jemima? RT  Mrs. Butterworth
 Really? That's awesome! :-) RT  I would see it... Mrs' Butterworth: The Movie. 
 Glad you got a good chuckle! :)) RT  LOL Mrs. Butterworth's movie trailer 
 Glad you liked it! RT  That Butter-Worth trailer on Conan was pretty funny. 
 Thanks for posting our Mrs. Butterworth sketch from Conan last night :) 
 Thank you!! >  Mrs. Butterworth is, by far, my new favorite superhero. Well done,  (Cc:  
 RT  Last night's full ep is up - featuring   and Mrs. Butterworth kicking lots of asses:  ...
 Thank you!!!! :)) >   aka Ms Butterworth..lol. U on your way girl!
 RT  Kudos to the fabulous  now known to the world as "Butterworth."
 Kudos to the writer of the Mrs. Butterworth sketch that aired on Conan last night.   It looks like we've got a hit! :)
 Ohhh you saw it!!! Thanks Dani!>   Did her thing last night on the Conan Show. So funny! I was cracking up
 Thanks guys!!! >   rock on!
 My Mrs. Butterworth sketch from The  was covered on CBS!!!! Woo hooo
 RT  Mrs. Butterworth: The Movie - Video  Teamcoco.com  via  Some of the cast    ...
 Im so glad you were able to check it out!   that was awesomely ridiculously funny! go  !
 ;-) >  body beautiful
 Thank you!!!!!!!!!!! >  congrats on being on conan
 Gotta keep it fly. Ya know? :) >  AWESOME fitness regimen.
 Just did my morning run. Pushed it to 4 miles, then topped it off with a tall glass of vegetable juice!
 aww man!!! It'll be online, I'm sure  I missed it. I watched the whole show. I was drifting in and out though
 RT   GET MAPPLED !!!!! LMFAO
  the Conan show!!! Tune in to watch my new spoof!!!!
  Locked Up Abroad, before watching my spoof on The Conan show!
 thanks for watching!  your Mrs. Butterworth skit was pretty good lol
 haha!! I know right! Haha  you were awesome on Conan! lol i would have never guessed that costume
 RT  Go  Ms. Butterworth getting it poppin! Lol them killing your boo Quaker Oats
 RT  Just saw  on Conan!!! <3!! Congrats! :-)
 RT  RT  Tune in!!!!!! My sketch is coming up soon on the  show!< hiiiiilarious!!!! Next stop Sat ...
 RT  This is awesome  lmao!
 RT   soooo awesome Angel!!!!!!!!!!! Lol! Watch out for Mrs. Butterworth
 RT  lol that was hilarious! i know where i'll be on August 39th!!  
 RT   that was so freaking awesome. I am proud of you girlie. My girls applaud the death of dora.
 Tune in!!!!!! My sketch is coming up soon on the  show!
 YEP! I'm in a sketch on the show! You watching? RT   hold up. you gonna be on Conan tonight?!
 RT  Watching Conan waiting for my girl  to come on!!! Super excited!!! :) 
 RT  " Tonight on TBS at 11!  > I'll be watching!
 RT   Conan waiting for  spoof!
 RT  Watch my girl  on Conan in 5 min
 The writer of the my spot on Conan tonight  
 You know it!!!  >  for those that won't be able to see you on tv tonight will you be sending out a link?
 Thank you!!!! >  everyone watch  tonight on Conan!
 Tonight on TBS at 11!  >   what time boo????
 RT   is going to be rocking  tonight! Tune in! HU!
 My mom & my grandma arent picking up the phone!!! They dont know Im gonna be on Conan tonight. This sucks!!!! Somebody call them for me pls!
 It's official, I'M GONNA BE ON CONAN TONIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!​!!!!! WOOOHOOO!!!!!! 
  Get your money up- Keri Hilson. This beat BANGS! 
 I miss partyin in NYC
 Flamenco music soothes my soul. 
 We appreciate it! Finding nutritious food abroad is tough.  >  Im a carnivore but i like to help out my vegetarian peeps
 So honored for  to amongst my new followers!!  
 Yes!!!! > RT    10 Best Cities for Vegetarian Travelers  
 I L-O-V-E Braggs >WorldWideTash  I'm on an antibiotic, & I'm also taking Bragg organic Apple Cider Vinegar. It's helping a lot!
 Slavery is dead, I aint workin for free 
 Saying HEEEEEYYYYY to my new    :-))
  Great meeting you tonight at the Improv. You had me and my girls ROLLIN!
  You SHUT IT DOWN at The Improv tonight! My fav on the line up! 
 Enjoying some comedy at Hollywood Improv!!!
  will be happy you did, he's in it :-) >  im trying to see this Final Destination 5
 lmao yes!>  Glory be 2 God > Eliminate student loan debt! That will put money back in the economy
 I'm turning to YouTube to learn a few 8 counts for an audition tomorrow. Lord knows this is gonna be comedy, but imma SELL it!
 I made some cornbread last night... maybe I'll eat that since I dont feel like going to IHOP to get pancakes.
 I want some pancakes!
 Was JAMMIN in the car to some Hard Core- Lil Kim. It's amazing how I still know the whole album word for word.... 
 This man in the falafel spot keeps walking back & forth in front of my table trying to make eye contact. That's what I get for eating alone.
  me either! too bad for her. Maybe  will be hiring!  
 I hate when the perm on my edges grows out.... Punjabi & Kunta Kinte naps ain't sexy!
 lmao!! They need some punjabi in their life!  Some women need to refund there hair  (Shit scares me when Im drunk)
 RT  Sometimes I save  just so I kno not to pick up. Bitch bye!
 I hate when my falafel sandwich doesn't have enough hummus!
 "I am the greatest. Not only do I knock em out, I pick the round" - Muhammad Ali 
 Falafel for lunch!!  
 An ex just sent me a private msg on FB....  hshahagahagah!!!
 I don't understand why ppl in LA INSIST on wearing knee boots in this hot ass weather!
  yea I L-O-V-E the design, but he has NO follow up, and does terrible business!  it's sooo frustrating!
 Bout to try a new falafel spot in the valley. I'm scared to step out of the car though, something tells me it's hot as f*ck outside!
  I Miss you-  lives this song!
 sounds like a spoof! Only actors would get the jokes though.... >  yo let's do  haaaa
 I need a rat tail comb girl, it's serious! >  LOL!!!! Pat it down, girl, pat it down!
 RT   Your web designer is the worst??? Ha, I was about to ask you who did your site. He just lost a potencial costumer.
 I have a SERIOUS craving for a hummus wrap from Nanoosh in  Union Sq. Too bad I'm not in NYC to get one :(
 I'm Fly. 
 All this heat is makin my tracks itch....
 Thanks for checking out our videos at Take 180 :) 
 Yes, in the dream it was good as hell too! >MStowe81 bacon wrapped fried chicken sounds delicious lol
  to my new follower 
 Print audition in a few.... These are sooooooooooo quick & boring... but you betta believe Im GOIN! LOL
 LMAO!!!!  >  This kid just yelled in the audition waiting room." I'm on the county" he is like 6 year old
  wooooo >   (cc  
 Had another dream I was eating bacon wrapped fried chicken with hot sauce. Is God trying to tell me to stop being vegetarian?? Lol!
 New friends & old tweeps that have yet to see My  Who Run The World Parody Here it is: 
 My web designer is THE WORST! He doesnt pick up the phone, answer calls or texts. UGH! 
 Ugh! I love it there!!!!  >  Tenerife: the best of Las Canarias 
 I had a vivid dream about a FINE ass openly bisexual crackhead...... 
 Say what you want about me, but I don't really feel any deep sadness when people that I dont know die. 
 That show gives me nightmares.... but I watch anyway. >  
 Oh snap! I didnt know! LMAO! >  That's the cyber equivalent of letting a dude buy you a drink in the club.
 HA!  >  bacon, eggs, blueberry muffins & grits will be on my plate in about 10 more minutes. Love my high carb diet. LOL.
 Just cuz I "like" your status on facebook doesnt meant that I wanna chat with yo ass!
 Papaya for breakfast! 
  to my new followers  &  (
  Como el Agua- Camaron de la Isla  :))
  A Priest & a Rabbi argue about judgment and forgiveness They are about to fight!  
  to my new follower 
 Late dinner. Sautéed squash, okra & red peppers with a baked yam. 
 On "Biography" on  A&E 
  a documentary on Bill Murray 
 Church was amazing!!! Now off to my favorite Sunday spot: The Hollywood Farmer's Market :-))
 Woke up 2 hours for church this morning. Mind full of creative ideas, so I had to put pen to pad & write em down!
 a very special shoutout to my comedy sister in crime  on her birthday!!! Big hugs girl!
 I want some pringles!!
 There are so few kids on this beach... I love it!
 I don't think I've ever seen a man with dyed blond hair before... 
 It's douchebag city here on the beach in Malibu. Ugh!!
 Malbu beach!!! 
  Lock Up.
 I wanna go on a trip!!!!!!! :(((
 What is she like? >  if I write a character w/ you in mind, would you play her if my book is made a movie? 
  to my new followers    
  congrats!!  Ready for my close up
 Just took off the brown nail polish form the show yesterday. It looked cute with the costume, but I need my pink back for the summer 
 Good luck with that!  >  I need some bitches tonite. No women just bitches.
 you're a bad influence! Ha! >  a glass ? you better get you a whole bottle haha :D
 I need a glass of wine to go along with this lovely Peace & Quiet. :-)
 Ha!   You somebodys mama, talking reckless on here...
 I want a glass of wine.
  >  Adventure is the spice to life. Go on one every opportunity you get!
 I know I may be alone in this one, but I do NOT like margaritas! They are too bitter *shivers* 
 Gotta be on Crenshaw! > Theres somethin uncomfortable about goin in the liquor store & the lady handing me samples is pregnant
  all their money is spent, cuz they spent the last two weeks planning how they gon spend it!
 Thanks Boo! It went really well :) RT  
  to my new followers  &  :) Heeeeeyyy ladies!
 Audition time!! 
 :-))  RT     Yup, you're there: imdb.com/media/index/rg…
 there's nothing like a stiletto! 
   sannnnnggg her heart out on  Glad she has a role where she can use all her gifts. 
 ha! Not quite. LOL :) RT   Cool. You're world wide, now.
 No, chica. I'm here in LA. Hope you have fun! :) *hug* RT  Hey!! How are u?! Are u  ?!
 a Comedy writer in Athens Greece, just reached out to me cuz he saw my pic on the  homepage. WOW!
 CUTE! RT  Hello from  with my friend Yoda! 
 HAHHAHAH "u making it worse dummy!"  
 RT  I heard they did a S/O to Howard U. in the new Captain America movie... 
  to my fab new follower  The best Couture house in LA!
  he needs a brother ;-)  Im ready 4 school 2 start; this child is playing StarWars w/his imaginary buddy
 go bag him!!   is actually awesome person. I love when that happens.
 RT  Angelina Spicer  talks Conan, Beyonce, Mac $AAPL, Niki Minaj with Matt Davio  ...  by ...
 RT    thanks to Agelina for the interview today, if you arenn't following her make sure  she's on your Hot Propertie ...
 An OLD write up on me in Backstage West Magazine. Check it out :) 
 yea it is!! Love you Sis! *hug*  my struggle is only temporary
  People's Court 
 not much cuzzo. Just grindin :-)  wats poppin thugga lol
 Wearing foundation in all this heat??? 
  so you think you can dance 
 whaaaaattttt!?!? You missin out!!  I've never had Curry Chicken... suppose to be having some tonight.. Hope it's good.
 oohh!! Hot! > U can do "The Pop War"featuring Gaga, Beyonce,Madonna & Britney on an epic battle to see who is the queen 
 nope it'll be on early next week! Thx for checkin for me :-)  Bummed. I thought I would see you tonight on Conan.
 Yes!  RT     MAGIC!!! catch it!
  to me new followers  & ofcourse my fab co star for the day  
  to everyone  for an amazing shoot today! I had a blast!!! Thank you!!!
 haha! That'd be funny!   u should make a parody of super bass "super ass that teaches girls butt-enhancement methods"
 RT  Great working and meeting Angelina Spicer   I want a pancake! Can't wait to see the final edit.
 Finally at lunch!!  I'm having sooooo much fun!!!! 
 me &  hangin on set   anybody hungry? 
 Shout to my new follower  heeeyy
 will do!>  Tell  to do the Robo Pimp skits again. Those joints were HILARIOUS!
 hangin out with  on the set of  
 Half way in my costume on the set of  can you guess who I'm playing?   
 Morning tweeps!!!!! Im excited for the day!  :)
  to my new follower  Heeeeyyy!!! :)
 Night night folks. Up early, I've got another 8 am call tomorrow!
 i'd love to see that too!  Would love to see  in Master and Commander 2. I wonder what. Cpt.  would be like. LoL!
  has a new novel coming out! SPOOF TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
 RT  RT  Coming to America never gets old....
 Hey! Thx for RT our  video! :) RT  Kiara
  to my new follower  :)
 African dance class  Debbie Allen Dance studio 
 thx chica!!! We gotta do some stuff together!   u can be both. Clearly. U are both. 
 hahahahahah! a TRUE fiend! RT  I would love a HOT Krispy Kreme right out the grease! «YES GAWD They hot b/w 5a-10a & 5p-10p.
 I would love a HOT Krispy Kreme right out the grease!!!!!!
 If you're a pretty funny chick, it means you gotta bring it on stage. People came to a show to laugh, not look at yo vain ass!
 I think "sexy" and WACK is distracting!!  RT  we do need ppl to hear us not just see us. Ive heard Sexy is distracting
 I do too!!!!  RT  I disagree. You can be both.
 Do yall agree??  You gotta pick a side! Extremely Funny or Extremely Sexy! Absolutely Impossible to be both"
     
 RT  NEW perfume from  &  "HUMP DAY" 
 Check out my New  spoof!  
 Not sure! I'm shooting another gig tomorrow, but hopefully on Friday RT  Thanks girl! Are you coming back tom or fri?
 RT  NEW VIDEO! Justin Bieber has "Someday" and now Britney Spears & Nicki Minaj are out with their own perfume "Hump Day." h ...
 Thank God for REAL friends!
 Ask the "dancers" as Magic City. They'd know better than anybody! RT  TRUE OR FALSE> BLACK PPL ARE THE WORSE TIPPERS ON THE PLANET
 WOW! Thank you!!! :)  RT  Awesome Bio! Bison ALWAYS represent!
 It looks like I'm still on the homepage of IMDB as "Gallery Of the Week" check out some of my pics!  
 "Like" me on FB ​Angelina-Spicer/13668074973385​2
 Hey Chica!  Nice to meet you! 
 RT  THIS!!!! RT   are logical thinkers so notice the look on their face when you step to them with b ...
 It looks like I'll be shooting with  tomorrow! Still waiting on confirmation 
 Hilarious!!!!! RT  Tell em to post youtube videos of their kids smoking cigarettes. That'll do it. 
 CONGRATS!  RT   you just made my day<3  picked up 4 a 2nd season!! 
 Since I've started adding random ppl on FB I get a lot of ppl hittin me up on chat askin how to make their kid famous. O_o :-/
  RT  Hahaha! Aye coons of a feather roam together! Silk is too fancy tho...I perfect nylon
 Still got the BIG ass eyes... RT  Sooo what do u have now then? O_o RT   I had BIG eyes & no ass! 
 She aint doin something right. LOL! 
  You dont watch my  spoof 
 Well if you dont mind me steppin out in my silk bonnet an exception can be made :) RT  I may step out with my du rag every now & then
  I had BIG eyes & no ass! 
 Uh oh... you graduated from "The Institute" aka Hampton? RT  
  you expect me to look like Work Out Barbie and yo ass lookin like Rick Ross. F*ck Outta here!
 I hate going to the mechanic! That coulda been a trip! Or shoes! RT  Just spent $800 & wasted 4 hrs of my life  NTB Not a good day
  you are a graduate of Hampton Institute.... 
  you wear a du-rag in public
  you are in your 30's and still wear cornrows
  you dont wear deodorant b/c "you're allergeric" GTFOH with the excuses!  You betta find an alternative!
  you have a gut. I. just. cant.
  you have no ambition
 Good Point! > that's crazy! And dogs have more legs then humans they should be just fine walking on their own
 Say that!  RT   I'm your only source of happiness.
 They do it ALL the time here in LA. It's STUPID! RT  This lady pushing her dog around in a baby stroller! WTH am I seeing here
  Thanks for the RT. Imma have to treat you to some doubles next time I'm in NYC :)
 Shout to my new follower  heeeeeyyy girl! Welcome to LaLa Land!
 Just finished up a new vision board!
 www.AngelinaSpicer.com Check out my "Oldies but Goodies" section and laugh at my old school headshots
 Thanks for the tip! I slept like a damn newborn last night! RT  Heavy Eyes usually means it's time yo ass to go to bed! LOL
 A bowl of papaya and mango for breakfast. 
 Eyes are heavy!!!
 RT  "People who want what you have. Don't want to do what you did to get it."-Joyce Myers
  Gal Ah Weh Me Do You   
 I shoulda never baked this pound cake! Now I HAVE to eat it! LOL! 
 You are too sweet hun! Thank you!! :-D RT  congrats....you rule the world
 I'm so thankful for another opportunity to do what I love!
 Sending a special Happy Birthday wish to 
 A special thanks to the glam squad  &  Thanks for hookin us up on the  shoot today.
 yes!     office getting geared up for Final Destination 5 press junkets instagr.am/p/ICruy
 me too!!  RT   ooooh! I love their hair products! 
 Another shot of the pretty ladies on set.    
 aaaaahahahaha!!  If u don't run from 9 inches there's a problem.
 Good, yes, but not as funny as Bridesmaids. Worth checkin out though.  Anybody see Horrible Bosses? Is it good?
 you are a FOOL!!!!! RT  This Watermelon Arnold Palmer is a reminder of how much Jesus loves me.
 RT  Summer fun!     
 thx chica!! RT  Have a great shoot pretty lady! 
  RT  one of my models today:)  yfrog.com/khd2ucj
 straight hair!!! Courtesy of celeb stylist   
 On set with celebrity stylist     
 Gettin beautified!!!   
 I agree, if women's deodorant is the only thing that will hold a man. Do it! I'd rather you smell like lilacs than prison funk!
 thanks boo!  by the way love the beyonce spoof.
 Hey tweeps! Is it ok for a man to wear women's deodorant?
 RT   saying the N word when there's no black people around.
 Ugh! that was me last week. Hang in there girl!!  Another day, another dentist appt.
 lmao  ur devil worshipping tweet! Lmaooooo!!! 
 I definitely will!!  RT  Have fun and send us pics if you can.
 Me too!!! And eat Roti all day!  :-) RT I wanna move to utica
 Dont walk, RUN! RT   when he shows up w/ thong flips flops, clear polish on his toe nails, & his lip gloss is poppin
 Lmaoooo!!!RT   when he pulls up blasting Beyonce 'Run the World'
 Up EARLY this morning.... Headed to my Mizani shoot.
 Yea now only if my armpits would follow suit. RT  I WANNA BE A FRESH FACE OF THE DAY :(
 It's bad when you can smell your own funk......
 Angelina Spicer - 
 Yep! I'm one of the Fresh Faces of the Day on  Check it out 
 If you havent seen my  spoof "Mac Run The World" check it out 
  Happy Endings....   
  to my new follower  heeeeeyyyy :)
 Still can't believe I booked a modeling job tomorrow! Aahha.... wait til they find out I'm only 5'4!
 Gonna eat and get ready for my shoot with  tomorrow in Santa Monica. It's gonna be an early morning!
 Kill it girlfriend!!!!! RT  Set number 2 of the night at HaHa Fresh Faces. Come laugh at me!
 Just used a product that said in big BOLD letters "Not for scalp" on my scalp cuz ofcourse I didnt read it first. I my hair doesnt fall out.
 Hmmmmm... it could be... :)  RT  looks like a giant gold Reese's butter cup...
 Here's a prop for my next spoof. Can you guess what it is??   
  RT   "After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb" Nelson Mandela
 I thought it was just me! RT  I see twitter is malfunctioning.
 Hey Guys, 'Like" me on FB 
 Thanks! It's from my  spoof RT  Love the profile pic!
 I get violent when I'm mad! 
 Its sad to see an ex triple in size in a matter of months....... 
 Why skip out on rent to buy $1,500 Loubitons that HURT your feet?? Atleast get a size that fits!
 Dont buy snacks for the house!!!! RT  I have ben & jerry's strawberry cheesecake in the freezer that whispers to me.
 Just heard that I'm the featured "Fresh Face" on  Check me out, see if my gallery is still up! HOLLA!
  to my new follower  Thanks for checkin me out! :)
 RT   Pls check out our  Apple spoof "Mac Run the World!" [VIDEO] 
 RT   you should have  in more videos
 I'm going H.A.M. on this cake I baked last night!!! Coconut Pound Cake. 
  RT    sounds sexier than pancakes
  to my new follower  :)))
 Now they've got to do a make-up test. It looks like I'm gonna be covered in syrup!!  
 Just finished my fitting for The Conan show! This is gonna be a good one!!! Can't wait! 
 At my fitting for  I hear this costume is ELABORATE!!! 
 RT      thanks ma!
 RT  Yaaay thanks!!!  RT       such funny laydies!
  Malik Yoba in Alphas. So far so good!
 Thanks!!! some of it is genetics, but I work hard to maintain it. For sure! RT  You do have a phenomenal figure!
 LOL! Ive never been on a diet.I workout, cook & eat well RT  saw ur pics & your body is great! u do those hollywood fad diets?
 So good seeing you and catchin up girl!!!!!! *Big hug* 
  Oh man! So sorry to hear that.
 RT  So excited about my show tonight at  !! I can't wait 2 hang wit  and meet  Come p ...
 No! I didnt see it! Congrats!!! You got a shirt on? LOL! RT  did you see the trailer for fd5? You know someone in it...
 ok, Im hungry.
 Poor DMX. All I can think of is that episode of  I saw the other night with crackhead Latisha. 
 Agreed!  RT it was good. Somewhere in between bridesmaids and hangover2
 RT  women who hit the gym in FULL MAKE UP swearing they just came to work out 
 up sending out some necessary emails. The  never stops
 Now watching one of the ORIGINAL queens of comedy- Tracy Ullman. This woman is a beast!
 Thank God for the gift of dance!
 Yea, I'm great! Back on the westside. When you comin? RT 
 The drummers in dance class! We bout to get it poppin!  
 I'm taking notes!!!!!  Dis ah REAL Trini Wine! 
 DANCE CLASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
  is JAMMIN!  More Prophet- Capelton
 RT  RT  RT  People who went to Howard never get tired of talking about it. It was THAT memorable.
  Punnany- Admiral Bailey 
  Wsup stranger!
 I hate being blamed for other people's mistakes.
 Steamed Kale & Mung Beans. 
  to everybody who know me from back when we had a BlackPlanet page!
 Same here!!!! RT   lol I have my grab & go weeks. But feel so much betta when I cook & prep my own food.
 men if you're gonna do a photo shoot, please holla at some carmex before the photog starts clickin away. Ashy lips are NEVER sexy!
 How do people expect to change their diet if they dont wanna cook??
  to my new followers  
  my  spoof youtube.com/watch?v=h4Txyk…  thanks :-)
 Morning tweeps!
  to my new follower  Heyyyy girl! :)
 Where's the Kleenex??? 
 Wait a minute! So the same son who sold his mom crack is now pleading with her to get help?? *side eye*
 This family is not committed to helping her get treatment. I can see it. 
 you ain't Neva lied!!!  Be careful what you ask me...the answer might hurt you.
 nope. It's never that deep!   Ever erase somebody's number but later get horny then scroll ur old phone bill to find it
 really? No   for ya??   Prolly 'bout to get a couple  epis in before punchin' out tonight.
 Black people make good tv! Even on shows like 
 yes ma'am!  she is a local celebrity and a world wide superstar..... Crack is a helluva drug  and 
 me too!! I BROKE DOWN when she said she wanted her bro & did to have a mom cuz  Watching Intervention on A & E. So sad.
 "cocka doodle do. I guess". As she lights her crack pipe at 9am. 
 "I'm a local celebrity. I'm dramatic. I'm very pretty" - The crackhead on  yea..... Ok!
 This crack head gets her nails done every week!!! 
 What am I doing to myself?? I just watched an episode of Hard Time (a prison show) & now Intervention. Imma have nightmares!
 J-O-K-E-S!!!! Lololo!!   you need to mop the floor in Shower Shoes!
 My feet are dirty. Either I need to shower or mop the floors. 
 Who run this motherboard...... MAC!! Thanks for checking out my spoof & RT'in it! I sho 'preciate it! :-))) 
  My homegirl  is crazy for this! & for the record I am watching on my new   yfrog.com/kjso0cj
 Just watched an old clip of  on B.E.T KILLIN the Jay- Z, LL cool j, & DMX impressions. Crazy!!!
 RT  Someone sent me a Mac spoof video &  is playing Beyonce!! Great job! Hilarious as usual
 RT   You should really get the spoofaloo dudes to put your name in the credits, a lot of people in the comments are ...
 RT  I do not have a Mac,  but you should check out  & 
 Now Following  & 
 I'm real careful about how I use the term "friend".....
 :::DEAD:::: LMAO! RT  Candyman traumatized me 4 weeks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ugh.
 From  "the actress playing nicki need a bra bad." LMAO! You be the judge: 
 ahahahha  wont even say his name!  RT   !! CANDYMAN!!! LMAO «lmaoo!! *hides*
 Awww cute! I was just regular brown. Still am, if you dont count my tracks. RT  I was sandy brown & blonde as a child so no!
 Wasn't my friend.  RT   I know a girl named Benin. She went to Howard w/ us « Sure did. That was my girl!
 Are Black women technically "brunette"?
 LA needs more biscuit spots.....
 I am NOT tech saavy. Like at all! I still cant download music onto my iTunes. 
 Benin?? Girl you CRAZY!!! RT  U need to be shot if u name ur child after an African country. <Kenya, Benin, Egypt? Beautiful.
 YES!!!!!!! RT  Even worse...what if the child is named AFRICA? LOL
 Ok, Dammit! The ONLY other exception! RT  even Chad? LOL I think Kenya is a beautiful name
 Those are the ONLY exceptions. RT jackthejoekr Egypt is a bad name for a child? or Kenya? lol
 You need to be shot if you name your child after any country in Africa.
 Thanks for RT our  spoof! "   "Beyonce - Mac Run the World!" WATCH IT! "
 www.AngelinaSpicer.com Check me out y'all. There are videos, & pics of more than just the crazy avi that's on the left.
 A grown ass man in skinny cut off jeans?? 
 Wait. Hol' up! There's a "Brownsville", Texas????
 If you're gonna get your titties done, atleast make sure they still got a lil jiggle! Damn! Ol stiff tittie ass.....
 Dont forget to "like" me on fb. 
 You Wrong!!!!!!!!!!!!!! RT  S/O to all the people in wheelchairs with dirty shoes
 Why do people always assume that if you're married with no kids that your Uterus aint workin. GTFO my fallopian tubes!
 My head hurts. I just got in from shopping at Babies R Us. Just reminds me I aint ready for no BABYs! 
 Yessir!!! It's in Trader Joe's.  RT  oh really? I havent seen that brand out here but im sure its good!
 Thanks!!! RT  Wutup! Funny clips btw
 *singing* Dem ah bleeeeach, Dem ah bleach out Dem skin. Dem ah bleeeeaach. 
 It's amazing how some of the "fine" men in HS & College look all smoked out & overweight now. Ol purple lip ass. 
 I like the "zico" brand. Mango flavor. Soooo goooooodd  Just came up on a case of  
  hey Serge! Wsup! 
 Mornin tweeps!
 If you're gonna get your titties done, atleast make sure they still got a lil jiggle! Damn! Ol stiff tittie ass.....
 Got a creative burst of energy, so Im up writing. Got to get to sleep soon tho cuz I have an appt to get my tracks tightened at 6. 
 Shout to my new follower  Follow him y'all! He's hilarious!
 ahaha!!!!  Ronsford, Delroy 
 you could sang?? I ain't kno! :-)  I'm doing Sunday Best next year...I think I will audition
 "I wear red hair cuz I been washed in the blood of Jesus.". 
 I think I need to spoof Laurie Ann Gibson. 
 double fistin! I ain't even mad!   2 long islands
  Carlington, Errol
