 Tips on Marketing your Extensions - Creative Marketing! - 
  Hi Webkul, yes we're aware that the total reviews on the tab is incorrect. I have a request  into the team to have it looked at ~ron
 RT  Sweet Tooth is officially a Platinum Industry Partner with  Look for us on the Connect front page!  ...
 Creating a Magento Connect FAQ in our forums! Your most common Q and A explained:  ~rondata
 RT   : I'm really impressed by this module , integration magento and facebook, soo good. Thanks  ...
 Developers: Packaging Extensions in Magento 1.5 Explained- 
 And search is back! Let me know if you're still having problems. ~ron
 Extension uploads and approval are back! If you're still having problems, please check into the Connect forum:   ~ron
 We're still having search, upload and extension approvals on Magento Connect, working on it. Will update you when I have more info ~ron
 RT   use as alternative 
 We are aware of the problems with Magento Connect  Search and are looking into them. Sorry for the inconvenience.
 RT  New Version of SMTPPro released - now works with Magento 1.5 and  Connect.  /cc 
 We are back in business! Really happy to see all the extension uploads pending and going live today! ~ron
 1.5 packaging resolved! New guidelines for packaging an extension on 1.5  (thanks to 
 Upon further investigation, I'm seeing some packaging errors using 1.5 to package. Investigating--please package in 1.4 for now. ~ron
 The issue with uploading new extensions has been resolved! Looking forward to seeing new extensions so get uploading! ~ron
 We fixed the extension update issue. Still working on fixing the new extension upload. Will post more info as it becomes avail
 We're making updates to our site. Creating extensions are under maintenance. Hold off on uploading new versions. We'll update soon!
 If you have a pending extension, please check images - some are missing, possibly due to site issues over the w/e. Need at least 1 for aprv
 Checking out Xdebug (.) What's your favorite debugging tools when making extensions? ^JB
 What's your favorite CMS integration extension? ^JB
 RT     Check out this extension:  and this update: 
 RT  PHPUnit test suite extension for Magento is published at   Documentation wil ...
  theme using  &  - get the source!  /cc  ^JB
 MAGEREVERSE online Database Diagram Tool for    ^JB
 Keep up to date with Magento Extension info by checking into our forums here:  ~ron
  Awesomesauce. :) ~ron
  Let me know if your having a problem.. I can help. ~ron
 Sweet Scaffold generator for  extensions  /by  via  ^JB
  Hey sorry for the late response.. can you DM me if your still  having a problem?  ~ron
  Which version of Magento? ~ron
  dm me in the forums (rondata)  ~ron
  Not that I'm aware of, what's the problem? ~ron
 Have questions about uploading extensions or getting approval? Make sure to check out our Magento Connect forum  ~ron
  will do :) ~ron
 RT  Well here it is! The  extension of our Checkout Donation Tool by Beanstalk Giving!
  You're up! ~ron
  Ok, I'll check it out in a few :) ~ron
  keep me posted and I'll keep looking for it!  ~ron
  well, you could always make a .99 discount coupon on your site :) ~ron
  already love the idea. Are you guys still running into probs getting your app up?  ~ron
  looks interesting! when are you adding it to Magento Connect :) ~ron
 Hey Magento Developers, Merchants and Partners !   ! We want to know all about you!
  I guess we can adapt "need this? There's an extension for that!" :P ~ron
  If you'd like to contribute feel free to upload it to Magento Connect :) ~ron
  Hi Kai, I need some additional info. Please re-check the thread  for my response. ;) ~ron
 RT    is the most important extension for german  shops i think
 What are your favorite extensions??? We want to know!!
 Looking for Magento extension ideas?  See the highest-rated features from our users, or submit your own ideas:  
 We're seeing large demand for magento themes for mobile browsers (iPhone, Android, iPad).  Use this category:  
  Can you send us a DM with your contact info?
  login to the website and check the left column in your admin.
 Had a great meeting with  in Kiev.  Looking forward to discussing new opportunities with several other Connect developers soon.
 RT  Just arrived at  office in Kiev and will be here for 10 days.  Looking forward to meeting with the   ...
  Send us a DM and we can discuss further.  The short answer is yes.
  Like now available for Magento (via  blog) . 30% discount available for Magento merchants.
 Catching up with the  team today.  They're always doing something interesting.
 Banner advertising on Magento Connect...  Flat price per day, or open bidding model?  What do you think?
 Need an advanced, SEO-friendly knowledge base? As of this morning, there's a new extension for that   (via 
 RT   gets a really nice interface - with search functionality as a bonus. Good job!
 RT  AMAZING - We now have a search engine for extensions in  Connect (cc  \o/
 The Best E-Commerce Icons All In One Place 
 RT   The Developers Paradise team along with the hotel management have decided to postpone the event to a later date.
 Flights from the US to Mallorca grounded.  Magento Developer conference speakers  and  will be unable to attend.
 See our new multiple-demo feature in action (click 'view live demo')    
 Site Speed – Magento community, do not panic!  (via  
 New features on Magento Connect today - Image Gallery Zoom and multiple demo links.  Be sure to update your extensions!
 RT  Updated search at  now works much better.
  Good suggestion. Sort of like a wishlist?
 Two new Featured Extensions this week:  PersonalMerchant Pro and Facebook Product Directory.  
 Later today we'll be releasing several more fixes to Magento Connect, including search, uploading extensions, etc.  Thanks for your feedback
    yes, we're aware of the joke (see recent tweet)
 We're aware of the April Fools joke. Just having some fun with the other PHP dev communities.
 Magento Connect (app store) developer  plans to go public. Facebook & Twitter devs should defect to Magento :) 
 RT  First leaked photos of the upcoming Magento-mobile product    
 RT    finally has a feature for searching with keywords. Really really helpful! 
 RT  Hoeray for the new Magento connect design!
 RT  Love the search feature on Magento Connect
 RT  Just had a closer look on the new   Marketplace redesign and new features. I love it, great new step, ...
 RT  Quality means doing it right when no one is looking. Henry Ford
  Could be.  Contact the developer right away to let them know.
 RT  with PHP5-based Melange, Magento developers could be the first to bring realtime streams to eCommerce 
 RT  With PHP5-based Melange, Magento developers could be the first to bring realtime activity streams to eCommerce.   ...
 fyi,  those rounded corners are generated automatically on our end.  Developers won't need to edit current & future images.
 Great new Connect feature - multi-image lightboxes. Click the image on this page and let us know what you think! 
 One of those rare moments when a bug actually made us look good!  ;)  
  thanks for the screenshot. Feedback like this helps during the beta stage.
  which browser are you using?
 RT  Really clean & functional UI 
 New beta design just went live. Still need to work out a few bugs, but thanks everyone for helping us spread the news!
  great idea on the "available at" button.  Perhaps the community is willing to take a first pass at it?
  Yes, the new ad server will support that level of targeting.
 The new beta design will be rolling out in a few hours.  We're looking forward to all of your thoughts and feedback today!
 Welcome to the New & Improved Magento Connect   
  Let us know which extension you're referring to and we'll let you know.
   this issue should be addressed already.  increase the release version and let us know if you still have any issues.
 We made several upgrades to the upload process last week (with more to come this week). If you had any issues, pls re-upload your modules.
 Busy week on Magento Connect.  Nearly 100 new extensions added to the marketplace!
 RT  Magento Enterprise customer profiled in Wall Street Journal: 
 RT  RT  "Q1 was huge with over 100 new Magento Enterprise customers" <<  some of the world's largest brands hav ...
 RT  "Platform Support for m-Commerce Continues To Build Momentum | Forrester Blogs" (  ) by 
 RT  'm' is coming!   
 RT  'm' is coming!   
 RT  Sage Pay Direct CE now compatible with Magento v1.4  . Thanks  for your great support  ...
  try it again.  we made a couple improvements to the uploading process this morning
 We heard some insightful updates on the Magento & Magento Connect communities in Brazil.  Keep the updates coming! We'd love to hear more.
 Coming to Magento Connect later today is an interesting new "Market Segmentation Suite" from 
 RT  Great conversation with  today. Great things to come from Magento this year!
  But as I've said, the new EE extension mgr. won't restrict CE file uploads.  The certification is around advertising as EE ready.
   The issue should be fixed now.
 There's a known issue with managing existing Magento-Connect extensions.  We're working to resolve this as quickly as possible.
 New updates are coming as we prepare for Connect 2.0... A new search product, additional categories, an upgraded design and much more!
 We're releasing some updates to Magento Connect next week.  And yes, there will be search!
 How to add your extension version to admin pages  (via 
 Previous/Next, a popular osCommerce feature, is now available on Magento Connect, thanks to  
 Join us in Dallas next month to learn more about "E-commerce for the Emerging Retailer"    
 We're looking into the issue.  Thanks for letting us know.   
 Changes are coming to Magento Connect.  Stay tuned so that you can stay ahead of the curve 
 Want to get a competitive edge on Magento Connect while enjoying a tropical paradise?  This is the event for you!  
 Announcing the winners of our  2,000th extension contest! 
    &  Please DM me your email address so we can follow up on the competition.
 Facebook Connect Magento Extension (via  
 Congrats to the winners of our  contest!       &  
 Magento 1999 Party on Fragento :  /via 
 RT  Magento 1999 Party on Fragento : 
 Our 2,000th extension is just around the corner. Thanks to everyone in our community for making this project a success. 
 Our developer marketplace is nearing 2000 extensions. Join the competition to find the 2,000th extension!   
 CSS3 offers some terrific ways to market products online. Let us know if you've seen any Magento templates using this.  
  I agree.  This would be very useful.
 Thanks everyone for your suggestions thus far.  Keep tweeting us  and we'll post the top 25 community responses next week.
   that's one issue, but the larger issue is that 5-star ratings were being abused to help/hurt certain extensions.
  So, like iTunes' App Store?
  Ratings or reviews?
  still though, what is the difference between 3 stars and 4?  Even Netflix & YouTube are having similar issues with ratings.
  Code encryption is key.  Definitely not 100% effective, but 80%+ is better than nothing.  :)
  100% agree.
  Reviews make sense.  But do ratings add any value?  What is the difference b/t 1 and 5 stars and weren't most users gaming it?
  Good idea.  Do you have any specific tags you'd like to see?
 Have ideas or suggestions for Magento Connect?  Tweet them to  and we'll post your top 25 community responses next week.
 RT  Magento 1.4 great new features (via  
  Thanks Nick!.  Yeah, we're getting ready to announce a few related stats to the community.   Very exciting news!
 Really pleased with how helpful  software has been for wireframing the new MC 2.0 redesign.
  We'd recommend that you open a bug report with more info.
 Magento Connect Features: 'AITOC', an extension developer with some great advice for our community  
 RT  RT  Issue with upgrading to Magento CE 1.4.0.0 through Magento Connect Manager is resolved.
 Symmetrics has a terrific German localization pack that is free and has already been downloaded over 10,000 times.  
 Would your customers like to specify a preferred delivery time and even leave the postman a notice?  Check this out: 
 Use the new Automatic Product Callouts extension from aheadWorks to create product category pages automatically 
  We'll have some more info for you next week.  In the meantime, be sure to download the new version here 
 RT  Magento Blog - Magento is More Popular than eCommerce! -  -  
 Connect Developers:  Magento Community v1.4 is coming soon.  Be sure to update your extensions.
 This week's top-10 extensions (Jan 31 - Feb. 5) 
 RT  Join the Magento Product Team! (Open Position) 
 RT  New Magento Book: Magento 1.3: PHP Developer's Guide -  -   - Plus link to Developer webina ...
 Magento Sites Amongst the Top 35 Beautiful eCommerce Websites 
 Great meeting this morning with AITOC -- a developer with over 35 extensions in the Connect marketplace.  
 Had a great meeting with the  team today.  Very interesting product and we'll be rolling out a test for the Connect community.
 RT  Take the Magento User Survey! One lucky winner takes home a Google Nexus One phone - 
 RT  Laughing at:  The Inchooers – Magento developer’s job interview  
 Costs of iTunes App Store piracy at $450M .  Is piracy also a concern for our Magento Connect developer community?
 Magento Connect features community developer  on the  blog. 
 RT  Magento Connect: TBT_RewardsApi: 
 Get 35% off  extensions for Magento from now until Monday 1/25. Enter MAGENTOCONNECT35 upon checkout 
 Just finished up a call with the  team to see if they'd be a good fit for our community reviews feature on Magento Connect
  Would you be available to discuss a partnership idea with Magento Connect?
  Let us know what you think!  And be sure to check out over 1,700 extensions on the Magento Connect marketplace 
 Featured Products Magento Extension (by   
 RT  Magento Blog  - ScreenCast: Magento Reward Points System -  Coming soon in Enterprise Edition v1.7! -   ...
 RT  Check out the new magentocommerce.com - - 
 RT  Shipping Override extension for  - allows you to change behaviour of UPS, Fedex, USPS rates 
 Adding Magento products to Google Base (via  
 Speaking with the Delorum team about their goals for this year and how they plan to use Magento Connect to drive value 
 RT  Allow your visitors to connect to Facebook from your  site for Free with Facebook Shopping Extension: . ...
 RT  Really surprised how easy it is to upload and manage media with Magento. 
 Speaking with  about ways to make the Magento Connect experience even more effective for developers.
 Exciting things ahead for the Magento Connect community.  Follow this account to be among the first to hear the news!
  We're working on a better review system that serves users & developers much better.   We'll let you know when it goes live.
