 RT  Epic Re-cut: Orange County as a Thriller --  via 
  Actually, think I'll name this place "The West Wing"  :)
 With internet not yet installed in the office, currently at my new "living room west" - Ocean Ranch  Dana Point, Ca
  Guest room awaits, brother!
   Thanks!
 Anyone attending Blogher?  I'll be down in SD for at least one day.
 Good morning TVille!  Chuck Hester Enterprises has officially relocated to Dana Point, CA (Orange County).  YAH!
 Lesson learned: Don't ask God to give you what you want, but enough to meet your needs. He'll multiply the request beyond your expectations.
  Hey Duckies!   are on our way home!  Moved to Dana Point this week!  We'll see you at the Honda Center! QUACK!
  Great to see you here.  Can't wait to partner with you when I move back to SoCal!
  meant shout out!
  thanks for the about
 Wish  Happy Birthday today! You keep ME young sweetheart!
  those that lead with their hearts and inspire with their wisdom   w
  Thank you my brother!
  Thank you my friend. I will DEFINITELY keep in touch!
  via  Congrats to NASA on a safe shuttle return! Now, what's the future of space? We asked the experts! 
 RT  Congrats to NASA on a safe shuttle return!  Now, what's the future of space?  We asked the experts!  
  We have a guest room - two miles from Dana Point Harbor! You're welcome anytime!
        THANKS! For the kind words!
 RT  Wpromote, Inc. Partners With Custom Facebook Pages Company, Pagemodo 
  Thank you Jamie - I'll miss the community too!
 Leaving Raleigh on Saturday to head to Southern California...been a heck of a ride Triangle!
 I have an extra ticket for sneak preview for  at Brier Creek in Raleigh tomorrow night - thanks to  Want to join me?
 Because I've got  I'm going to an early screening of  thanks to  
  Thanks for the  shoutout Todd, back atcha! Hope to see you in person in the next few weeks.
  Doing well.  Have a great weekend!
  Morning Scott!
 RT  Why Google+ Business Profiles Will Trump Facebook Pages  
  Those that lead with their hearts and inspire with their wisdom     
 GOOOOD Morning TVille. It's French Press Friday!  Make it a Caffeinated, Vibrant Day!
  Pick us a good 'un!
 ROFL. Spammer sent me a message that my LinkedIn account was being shut down due to INACTIVITY!  ME? Inactive on LinkedIn?  LOLOLOLOL
 RT  Maven Alert July 2011: Make Your Maven Profile Public! 
 Busy morning TVille!  Just now popping in to say hi!  Hope your Wednesday feels like a Friday.  Make someone's day remarkable today!
  Back atcha Lessa!
  Thanks for the shout out!
 RT  I'm hosting a free webinar on using your blog for business. Jump in! - 
  Getting set for the move to SoCal....lots of details. My weekend was all about that!
  Hello JB.  how's my favorite cousin? :)
 Goood morning TVille (belated)  Hope your Monday feels like a Friday!  Your choice!
 RT  Happy Monday Everybody! Here's a helpful article that can assist you with figuring out the best way to measure social ROI  ...
 RT   to the awesome       ...
 I just gave  +K about social media on  
 I just gave  +K about venture capital on  
  Thanks Andrew!
  you helped us get back to SoCal. Bless you brother. Email to follow with details.
  thanks and thanks for your support throughout. ;)
 Prayers answered we are coming home!
  Thanks for the good thoughts, my friend.
  New place will have a guest bedroom - and you're on the list!
 If you pray - say one for  and me as we are about to put an offer on a house in SoCal! BIG God stuff at work here!
  back atcha! Fascinating when someone I know connects on Twitter and I STILL get an auto DM!
  Hello Jessica. Nice to connect. Sorry to disappoint, but I don't auto DM.  ;)
 RT  Project Manager job posted on  at  School of Pharmacy (Los Angeles,CA) 
  Very kind, my friend. We'll miss it too!
  If all goes well, in about 2 weeks. Things are in motion to be in SoCal end of July at the latest!
  You too David!  Look forward to connecting!
    Thanks for the  shout outs!
  On our way soon....Steph's there now trying to nail down the living arrangements.
  Hello Mr. G. Long time!
  Those that lead with their hearts and inspire with their wisdom      
  thanks for the follow and welcome to my Twitterverse!  How can I be of service? :)
 RT  Affiliate marketing blogger  new book, Online Marketing: A User's Guide is out! Pick up your copy here - ht ...
 RT  Job opportunity: Scrum Master/Project Manager at WebAssign - Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area  
  So THAT'S the problem...now you tell me! LOL  Good morning sir!
 GOOOD Morning TVille. It's a crazy day - again. Don't you just love compressed work weeks? *smirk*
 GOOOD  Morning TVille.  Feels like Tuesday, tastes like Wednesday. hmmmm...
 RT  Discover why you should add a 'Like Gate' to your fan page. 
 RT  For you small-business and one-person shops, my  trip inspired this: Managing Social Media In A Small Shop: h ...
 The 5th of July - the start of the 2nd half of 2011.  I'm ready to kick some business butt!  You?
 RT  Make our Independence Day! Help us get to 7k followers!   
 RT  Great and exciting  opening for a media planner. Don't wait, don't walk...RUN to TalentZoo.com and apply!  ...
 Special  to my good friend James Wong  today is his birthday - wish him a happy one!
 4th of July is fireworks, food and family but it's also about celebrating our freedom and those that keep us safe. Remember to say thanks!
  You too, my friend. Last 4th in North Carolina - the (Huntington) beach beckons!
  Morning TR!
  Those that lead with their heart and inspire with their wisdom:     
  So where should I talk to you?   or  (leaning toward the first - less letters!
  Have you given up SLF account?
  LOL. My momma raised a polite young man! :)
  Morning Sir!
 Good Morning TVille!  Make this day a remarkable one for someone who's least expecting it.
 RT  Information overload. Take 1.8 zettabytes and call us in the morning! 
 GOOOD Morning TVille!  As we head to the 4th of July weekend, thank a serviceman or woman for their service!
 If you care about our vets, check this out! RT  (this is my own thing, please indulge me and take a look!) 
 RT  RT  It only took about 1,000 hours of struggling, then I read about  and we now have a welcome page ...
 GREAT STUFF!  I concur with this! RT  My Latest: YES, I Want To Speak At Your Event, BUT... 
  Thanks for the follow Sean, back atcha!  Let me know if I can be of service to you.
  ROFL
 BTW, if you haven't checked out  do so now!  Great service - I've gotten coverage using it!
 Watched second episode of Falling Skies yesterday (on DVR). Amazing writing, great story.Graham Yost is my fav producer (does Justified too)
  Morning Steve!
  Morning Michael!
  I would be that the tanks are being fueled at the BO!
 Goood Morning TVille!  Crazy busy day. Busy is good, not so sure about the crazy.....
 Facebook for Business pages like you never thought possible! Pagemodo 2.0 is live!  via 
   thanks for the RT love!
  Facebook for Business pages like you never thought possible! Pagemodo 2.0 is live!  via 
 RT  RT  Hey guys, sorry, new link! New blog post: Why Storytelling is Key to Social Media Marketing 
  Thanks for the mention of  2.0 launch
  Thanks for the shout out.  I'd like to talk to you about BDI further. Follow and DM me!
  Anytime!  Love the information!
 RT  You are the vehicle that gets you going......is it time for tune up?    (new blog post---come by  ...
   is the best!
   Thanks for the RTs!
  Thanks for the RT my friend!
  Congrats!  That's awesome, nyet?  :)
  Check it out! Facebook for Business pages that rock! Pagemodo 2.0 is live!  via 
    I'm having issues with Hootsuite.....hmmm...
 Facebook for Business pages like you never thought possible! Pagemodo 2.0 is live!  via  Please RT!
 RT  Psst...get access to our special offer for NYT Small Business Summit attendees:  ...shhhhh...  ...
 RT  Just a quick reminder to think big about who you are & what you offer the world this week. You have all my support.
  Morning Kara. Thanks!
 BIG news coming today from  - Facebook business pages just got cooler and easier - stay tuned!
 Today is the day of choices.  YOUR choices, not someone else's choices for you.
 Think I'll Link in with my Facebook friends on Empire Avenue, ask a few Quoras and Twitter the day away. As a Maven, referrals are the key!
   Bacon?  Somebody say bacon!??
  Only lost if I'm not in Key West!  Doing well, ready to head to SoCal!
  Morning Lisa!
  You and Don have quite the love affair!  Good morning Debbie!
 GOOOOD Morning TVille!  Make it a great Friday!
  Those that lead with their hearts and inspire with their wisdom     
  Larry, you can't wait for Friday on MONDAY!  LOL  Ready for the  season opener?
 Good morning TVille!  The week's not over yet. How are you going to finish strong?  Start by making someone's day who can't wait for Friday.
  me too! Re Franklin and Bash
 Goood morning TVille!  Make this a cool day for those grumbling about the heat!
  - companies that provide great services to small businesses check out -   
 GOOOD Morning TVille. VERY busy week this week. Hope yours is an amazing one!
  Anytime my friend.  Have a great weekend!
 GOOOOD FRIDAY morning TVille.  Sorry, didn't mean to shout, just happy its the end of the week!  ;)
  Those that lead with their hearts and inspire with their wisdom     
 RT  Amazon has  LinkedIn Profile SEO book on sale, 20% off, gets U crankin' on  
 Political Mavens from   Political Mavens give expert opinions on upcoming 2012 Presidential election 
 RT  I will not rest today (or any other day) until you think bigger about what you're capable of. Start here:  ...
 RT  I will not rest today (or any other day) until you think bigger about what you're capable of. Start here:  ...
 Gooood Morning TVIlle. Any day that starts at  is a good day for me!
 Client Webs, Inc. feature in the WSJ.com - Business Services  today!
 RT  Fist two chapters of THE PROFESSION -  - on sale tomorrow.
 Good (late) morning TVille!  LOTS of cool things happening with CHE clients - gonna be a great week!
  always my friend!
 RT  Hey hey hey... I battle Bobby Flay on Iron Chef America on July 24th. Perhaps the most surreal experience of my entire  ...
  Thanks for the RT re: 
 RT  How One Starbucks Gained My Loyalty Forever 
 RT  Want to talk  Get comfy at your desk and tune in with me and  on 6/14: 
 RT  VA to Expand Housing for Homeless Veterans and Their Families 
 RT  Meet Captain James Warner, who flew more than 100 missions in Vietnam, was shot down and survived six years as a POW - ht ...
  Happy Birthday!
 RT  We're 10 Years Old! Check out our story here:   CONGRATS!
  Those that lead with their hearts and inspire with their wisdom     
 Good Morning TVille. Pay it forward today by doing something for someone who's least expecting a helping hand....
 RT  Gang - We need help spreading the word. Help find missing Indiana University Student   ...
  That's it we're so loved...uh huh....BTW, is the street sign warped because the heat melted it? Mama Mia!!!
 RT  Check out the new 'History of Webs' Page and discover who won the Free Domain Name 
 Fandango movie tickets for really cheap! The Best Daily Deals in Fandango: Two Movie Tickets:  via 
 RT  Honor Flight Network 
 Good morning TVille.  A big day in an interesting way. Closing a 6 year chapter in my life today.  Mostly sweet...somewhat sad.
 New Social Media Study: Nearly 60 Percent Say LinkedIn is Most Important Social Network Account  via 
  if you had to go to NYC this is the week - MIB3 shooting, last day for Meredith on  and Jennifer Hudson on 
 Good Morning TVille. It's up to you - make it a great day - especially for those who think it's not going to be!
  Morning DH!  Yeah, first time for the 16 y/o daughter in the Big Apple!  Should be fun!
 RT  Unlock The Human Potential with  &   June 15th...stay tuned for updates:-)  
 RT  Job opportunity: Applied Research Engineer:  Data Analysi at LinkedIn - San Francisco Bay Area  
 RT  Healing war's scars: New VA rules help local veterans with PTSD find relief - 
 RT  US owes $62T, or $534K per household. Both parties got us into this. We need real leaders who love America first to ge ...
 RT  Right now: Stand up, take a deep breath, stretch. Good job. Go back to work.
  Thanks for the RT!
 RT  Stay tuned for our  on Branding tonight at 8 PM EST & join my webinar now:  ...
 RT  How to Use Facebook's Photo Strip; 7 Examples 
 RT  "The Ins and Outs of Selling Your Business" 
 RT  Thank you! RT  create awesome custom facebook tabs with Pagemodo 
 RT  Singer/Songwriter Randy Hignight donates a percentage of his proceeds for his song "Freedom Your Freedom" to our troop ...
 RT  Linkedin Live Raleigh is now managed by  Signup for the NEW  Newsletter! | ar.gy/JhV | or visit Li ...
 RT  RT  The evolution of the small business owner [infographic] - Holy Kaw!  via 
 The evolution of the small business owner [infographic] - Holy Kaw!  via 
 RT  New week, new focus.   Not going to carry last weeks baggage in, just start fresh.   
 My son-in-law Sean Callaway arrived home from Afghanistan Sat. at the end of his third tour.  Welcome home Sean!  Thanks for your service!
  Can't wait!  Love the game, Love Engvall....it all adds up to fun!
 The Evolution of the Small Business Owner [Infographic]  (via 
 $10 for $20 Worth of Graphic Tees, Dresses, and Summer Apparel at Old Navy -  
  - just sent off another email. Keeping my fingers crossed.  Can't imagine taking out a loan to stay in NYC!
  Interesting take - I suppose as long as your talk to the people then you're engaging - but how do you know who's talking?
  Very good. Looking forward to the Summer when we can meet you and Ken at Dland!
  OH HUSH!  NOT FAIR!  *STOMPING FEET*
 If you're a major brand and have 100's of thousands of followers but don't follow anyone back - are you really having a conversation? Hmmm?
 RT  Please join me in wishing a happy birthday to  Want to get him a bday present? Peep out 5th Estate   ...
  Thanks Eric.  On my way there now.  Fascinating that a Motel 6 can be over $250 a night in NYC!
 NY City hoteliers: are you crazy?  $400 plus a night for a hotel room? Really? How hard is it to find a decent hotel for $200? *venting*
   Just ordered a  
  Morning.  Yeah, the grumps aren't gonna win today. It's a choice....  :)
 Support   Spend $5 to help refugees 
  Happy birthday, my friend!
  Hello my dear.  How goes it?  New icon?
 GOOOD Morning TVille.  Make this a great day for someone's who expecting otherwise!
  Who's appearing on your Toyota Concert Series June 9 and June 10.  My wife and daughter want to go!
 I'm getting a 'FRANKLIN & BASH' Perk because I've got Klout - thanks to   
  LOL and relating....
  Thanks for the follow back, GC. Love your stores! Most affordable, good haircut around - and they do mustaches too!
  Very well thank you, although I'm flabbergasted at NYC hotel prices!
  Morning Sir!
  getting closer, but not yet!
  Morning Ms. Phoenix! ;)
 MUCH too early when I mistake an arrow on my Google calendar as a speck of dirt on my laptop screen!
 Hey NYC hoteliers - looking for a great rate on three nights near midtown or Times Square - will evangelize for consideration!
  Lisa!  Good morning my friend. MUCH too long since we waved across the Twitterverse!  Thanks for the RT!
 Survey Says!  use of Social Media Will Grow in 2011 [Infographic]  via 
 RT  1 more time! Know a deserving vet/bus owner in tri-state area? I want to donate free website design/video commercial  ...
 Goood EARLY morning TVille!  Tuesday already?  Short, busy week I'm sure!
  Thanks for the great endorsement!
 RT  Military.com and Monster.com Launch Enhanced Veterans Career Center - 
 RT  When you're in an airport and see a 19-year-old soldier/sailor with a duffel bag--ALWAYS take a moment to say "thanks fo ...
  Have a great weekend my friend ;)
   thanks for the  shoutouts!
  Agreed! re: FF lists.  Check out  - he's a genius in social media engagement and Return on Relationship 
  I'll agree to not do one of the two (don't break twitter, stay out of the liquor cabinet).
 RT  [ HOT JOB! ] Marketing Communications Manager with great Raleigh company: 
  Happy Friday to you as well Jan!
  Excellent idea sir. And say "thank you" to those that keep us safe on a daily basis!
 RT  Find a charity that supports veterans. Donate to it 10% of the projected costs of your Memorial Day beer party.
  Happy Birthday my friend!
 Survey Says!  use of Social Media Will Grow in 2011 [Infographic]  via 
 Woke up this morning to the sound of a transformer blowing in the neighborhood. (No, not the Bumblebee kind) So it's a day without power!
  Have them check lost and found.  Hee hee
 Good Morning TVille!  Have a great three day weekend - and remember those who serve and keep us safe and say thank you!
  Those that lead with their hearts and inspire with their wisdom.     
  Glad to do so!
 RT  140+ Inspiring Stories For Starting A Business. I’m 19 on the list!      ...
 Survey Says!  use of Social Media Will Grow in 2011 [Infographic]  via 
  Well that's just annoying!
 Emerson's Self-Reliance is free on Kindle until 5/26, thanks to  and   
     Thanks for the RTs re   survey 
 RT  Local Non-Profit Group Support US Armed Forces is here in honor of Memorial Day, stop by and say hi!
 RT  Transitioning  have tech skills & many w/ security clearances required for Fed positions.   ...
 RT  Swearing in for temp work at Social Security   ...
 77% of smallbiz owners plan to spend more of their marketing budget on social media in 2011  via 
 RT  Survey of Small Business Owners Shows Widespread Adoption of Social Media  
 Too old for Social Media? Survey says think again! via  
 HELP Tornado Victims in Joplin, MO  via 
 The Small Business Checklist: How to Legally Establish Your Business  via 
 Lack of good movies (Kung Fu Panda, Hangover 2?!!) is God's way of telling me I need to spend time outdoors this weekend. Wait! A drive-in!
 RT  Meet Captain James Warner, who flew more than 100 missions in Vietnam, was shot down and survived six years as a POW - ht ...
 RT  [ HOT JOB! ] EMC Storage Admin position with great Cary company: 
 Pay it forward this weekend to those in the military - either active or retired. Show them we TRULY appreciate their sacrifice and service!
 RT  House passes GI Bill fixes, but will the Senate act? | Stars and Stripes 
  I'm "waffling" about whether to stay home or go away this weekend. 
  Ahhhh baby proofing!  I remember those days.  Don't know how many times I banged on my knees on gates!
  Going very well.  Two great clients  and  plus project work.
  How's the youngest Livingston, my friend? Growing leaps and bounds I'm sure!
    Good morning good sirs!
  I like!
  My awesomeness bows to no calendar my friend!  ;)
 GOOOD Morning TVille!  I feel the weekend coming on.....really, I do!
  Thanks for the RT re:  brother!
 Show them some love! Help  become the top loved free service on the web by supporting them at  
 RT  Efforts to give homeless veterans 'a hand up' grow - 
 RT  7 Ways to Rescue Your Business Blog From the Blahs   via 
 RT  Last sale of the month - TODAY ONLY! 
 RT  How to Use Facebook to Promote Your Site 
 RT  The Homepreneurs: Growing By Leaps and Bounds  
 RT  Great seeing  today! Thanks for lunch, always a pleasure getting to chat with you. Talk soon. \\ You too!
 Searching for the right PR pro for your co? Bring in a pro in the interim. Work gets done while you search. Let me help! 
 I'm a Maven, are YOU? Share your knowledge and experience with VCs and corporations. Check it out! 
 RT  The Small Business Checklist: How to legally establish your business [Infographic]  via 
  Thanks for the shout out Dan!  re: 
 Good Morning TVille.  Why does Tuesday feel like Monday?  Must be the three day weekend coming up!
 Microconsulting gets a facelift - introducing Maven 2.0 via  
 The new face of microconsulting - introducing Maven 2.0 via  
 RT  In Boulder?  Well then help catch a Bike Thief!!  contact  if you recognize this dir ...
 Are YOU a Maven? Share your knowledge and experience with VCs and corporations. Check it out! 
  Morning good sir!
  There must be indeed, my friend, learning by your example!
  Yep just checked - I'm a  in Klout's book!
    - good morning gentlemen!
  Thanks for the follow!  Let me know how I can be of service!
 Memorial Day in the US is a week from today. What will you do to thank the men & women of our armed forces for their sacrifice and service?
 Good morning   - thanks for the  shout outs!
 RT  Happiness depends on external things that "happen" to us. Joy is a deep quality that we choose to partake of in spite ...
 ABC news radio reporter described LinkedIn as a "social media site for job seekers"  GROAN!  Do your research! Know the subject!
 RT  Sending out my newsletter this morning.  if you want to read it.
 Good Monday Morning TVille.  Still here, still working - guess I should return the library books I held onto over the weekend, just in case!
 RT  I built a new . What do you think? My goal was to make it as simple as possible.
 RT  Amazon is running out of our 2010 Christmas compilation!  So if you need that Springtime Christmas music fix --> http:/ ...
  Thanks for the RT re:  
 RT  Stars and Stripes has launched Father's Day site, send FREE messages to Dads overseas thru newspap  vi ...
 RT  The Small Business Checklist:  How to legally establish your business [Infographic]  
 In honor of the world ending tomorrow (Saturday) I have put off returning all library books and will pay bills on Monday.  ;)
  And you as well!  Anyone that's a big dog parent is okay in my book!
 Are YOU a Maven?  Share your knowledge and experience with VCs and corporations.  Check it out!  
    Oh my! (re: seersucker)
 Do you feel the need for speed?  via 
  When I grow up I want to be just like you - cons and lectures and literary masterpieces!
   Have an amazing day, Mr. Rubin.  Thanks for promoting  - return on relationships!
  Thanks Richard.  Have a great weekend!
  You too Ginger!  Look forward to more seminars!
 ZOOM ZOOM! Do you feel the need for speed?  Via 
  Those that lead with their hearts and inspire with their wisdom     
  Morning Sir!
 Good FRIDAY! Morning TVille.  LOTS going on today - capped off with a screening of Pirates with the family tonight.
  Gracias amigo!
 RT  Listen to recorded  keynote w/me &  re: B2B Social Media 
 RT  LinkedIn’s Initial Public Offering – A Compendium of Blog Articles 
  there's that....
  You, early?  *shocked*  Beer *not shocked*
  Thought you were in New Hampshire?
 RT  COFFEE PERKS: Studies Find 5 "Health Benefits": 
 RT  Very cool!  new e-book is out at Amazon -->   And now available for the Nook, too --&g ...
  Suzie you Rock - as does my man  !
 Do you feel the need for speed?  
  Great to see you as well, Glenn!
 WOW!  LinkedIn IPO goes from $45 to current share price of $105 - in one day.
    Nice to meet you Debi.  Thanks for the intro, Rob!
  Oh it was, it worked great on my purchase too!  *KIDDING*
 RT  Los Angeles: Center Theatre Group seeks media & communications assistant.   
  Thanks for the tip!
 Who says  isn't valuable?  Founder Reid Hoffman's stake will total around $850 million at IPO.  NICE!
 RT  Each time an advocate mentions a product/brand on the social web it reaches an average of 150 people. 
 On Thursday my newest stock pick has the NYSE symbol of LNKD.   IPO should be huge!
 Fascinating. Just overheard a guy in a coffee shop give his credit card  expiration and security code out loud!
 Truly excited about what's in the works at   You love it now?  You ain't seen nothin' yet!
 Having trouble filling that executive/director PR/communications spot? Consider an interim solution that allows for business continuity and…
  Excited for your next great adventure, my friend.  You of course will be missed!
 RT  For the 176th and final time (for me, not for Taking Stock!) Wednesday Deals is posted.  
  Morning Mr. C!
 RT  Disaster Relief Dog brings comfort to people stressed by recent tornados   
  Hi Rob!  Need to get to see you all in GSO before we head for the West Coast!
  LUV then Wifi on board.  Would LUV it more if it were free to Twitter followers and/or Rapid Rewards email subscribers!
 GOOOOD Morning TVille.  On my way to Chicago.
  I want to see Pirates in IMAX 3-D!
  I almost dated a psychic once - but she broke up with me before we met.  - S. Wright
 RT  LinkedIn Now Sees IPO At $42-$45/Shr; Mkt Cap Above $4B 
 RT  New blog from  with news and a first look at the cover of Night Walker!!! 
 RT  My Twitter podcast for the American Management Association-free download-done in 2009-still worth a listen! . ...
  Thanks for the follow Brad.  Back atcha!  How can I be of service?
 Gooood Morning TVille.  Off to Chicago early tomorrow for a kick social media panel with McDs Kraft and Allstate.
 RT  Neurofeedback treatment for PTSD? 
  Any time, TR!
 RT  Bloggers... if u want brands 2 have sense 2 build a relationshp w/u then lead the way, tell them & be proactive. 
 RT  PR Intern - Habitat for Humanity of Northern Virginia -  Arlington, VA  
 RT  Schneider Electric in Knightdale seeks a Motion Products Senior Marketing Specialist - 
 Goood Morning TVille.  Off to a slow start today. Hmmmm....
 This Wednesday 5/18 hear from     in Chicago. Social media panel  Free! Plz RT!
 RT  Need a super fast and easy way to create a Facebook tabs with your own custom HTML? Try this app! 
 Wow! Mixtent just ranked 8,270 people in the last hour. You're ranked as well! Check it out  via 
 Raised more than $500 for  at LinkedIn Live Raleigh on Tuesday night.  Combines my two passions - pets and our soldiers.
 RT  DELISH: Pet guests to dine on  treats at  DC fundraising celebration 
 RT  Five Tips to Grow Your Facebook Community 
  It is - relocating back to SoCal soon.  Still in Afghanistan?
  Morning good sir!
 Daily CHUCKle Tweet: Woman says: "TGIF!" Man next to her says: S*H*I*T*! What? I'm happy it's Friday!.  He says: Sorry Honey It's Thursday!
 RT   would you reTweet to help me find  in   Looking to play tabletop  in  ...
  Those that lead with their hearts & inspire me (and you!)      
 Goooood Morning TVille!  Make it a Venti day for someone who expected a Tall....
 Daily CHUCKle NORRIS Tweet: Chuck Norris doesn't have to own stock on   he already owns ALL of you!
  It's what we do, brother.  It is what we do!  
 RT  Speakers frame why you listen by sharing who they are....they engage you by sharing stories that help you unfold who y ...
 Reading Do The Work by   AGAIN! Don't know it? Find it and be amazed!
 RT  tips for achieving return on relationship   
 Random observation: If I have to use spell check to make sure I typed your title correctly, you're probably full of hot air! 
     A caller said: sorry for calling so late. Yogi said: That's okay, I had to get up to answer the phone anyway!
  Hello Nick!  I thought you were already famous!
   Yeah, remembering "Yogisms" is like deja vu all over again!
 IT'S BACK !!! Daily CHUCKle Tweet: The future ain't what it used to be.  - Yogi Berra  (Happy 86th Yogi!)
  Wish I could be there!  Extravaganza, 5/16 
 RT  You'll be smilin' big time as  & I close out the  Extravaganza, 5/16 
 RT  Facebook How to Block App and Game Invites Video Instruction  Retweet!
 RT  If you are involved in  and have not yet tried Maven, you need to look. Very attractive return.  ...
 Is your market research clumsy, expensive and inflexible?  is leveling the playing field for corporations. 
 RT  Why  Reporting Is Revolutionary 
  You and I should definitely connect, Chris.  More than just hear and Empire Ave!
  Morning dear lady!
 RT  You had us at 1st pitch: pix of wounded amputee   team vs   
 RT  Did you know? In addition to  over 73,000 people receive emergency food every week from  h ...
 RT  Do not miss 5.19  mtg w/  &  Will be 1 of the best  events this year. 
 RT  Ignite DC is coming on June 2!  Here is a great preview of Jen Sterling's session, Charity Begins in the Classroom http ...
 RT  Entrepreneur's Series - May 2011 is just around the corner! Should be a great event, hope to c u there   ...
 Goood Morning TVille.  Make a cloudy day sunny for someone who needs brightness in their lives today.
 Come hear from     on 5/18 in Chicago. Social media panel  Free! Please RT!
  I want to see Pirates in I-Max 3-D!
  panel w/     on 5/18!    Free!
 Dear Google: Thanks for screwing up my two Gmail accounts so I can't access both at the same time.  *OY!*
  Couldn't have done it without you, my friend!
 Goood Morning TVille.  Make this a great day for someone who least expects it!
  Like I always say: It isn't LinkedIn Live Raleigh without Eddie Field!  See you tonight my friend!
 Check out Groupon's daily deal - huge discounts on the coolest stuff in your city... 
 RT  We are having a SALE! Check it out 
 In Chicago? Joins us for an interactive social media panel with McDonald's, Kraft and Allstate May 18. Details: 
 LinkedIn Live Raleigh is tonight!  Still time to RSVP here: 
 RT  Java Dev needed in Nashville, Rich Clients, SOA, Spring, Hibernate, Agile.  Should we be talking?
  Thank you Janet.  We both appreciate your friendship and support!
 Big day today - last LinkedIn Live Raleigh hosted by me and  - it'll be a great evening to see our friends!
 Good Morning TVille!  Make someone's day remarkable who isn't expecting it.
 Networking, door prizes AND bowling! RSVP now for LinkedIn Live Raleigh tomorrow night, Tuesday, May 10. Info here: 
  Any time! (RT)
 RT  SNCR Survey: How Are  &  Evolving?  (via  
 RT  Did you know you can optimize your social media pages for better search rankings? 
 RSVP now! LinkedIn Live Raleigh is tomorrow night, Tuesday, May 10. More info here: 
   -  glad you'll be there!
 Need to reiterate - READ  books - his latest Do the Work is game changing!
  Amen brother...and having a wife like  also helps keep me young!
 Wish a Happy Birthday to my friend Brian -   Gee, man I wish I was turning 34! :)
 RT  Check out our new Careers page - accepting applications for 4 positions from Sr Tech Manager to Head of Communications http:/ ...
  sign up for Klout and see how we compare! 
 My  score is 55. I improved it by 4 points over the past  30 days! 
  Just got my new (slightly used) car as part of the move to SoCal - and guess what?  It has Michelin's shoes!  YAH!
  My home office is now in Dana Point, CA.  75 degrees and sunny!  That's enjoyment!
  Good morning!
  Re: Heck to  - once is not enough!
 RT  3 Guaranteed Ways to Get Your Blog Post Read 
  Morning Phil!  Hope things are well in the Triangle.  Give  heck for me too!
 Gooooood Morning TVille.  The sun is shining, the breeze is cool, what more could a guy ask for? :)
  Good to chat with you Sue!  Wish we were in the same cities for better bargain hunting!  CLIP ON!
