   Hope the rest of the day has been fun!  Thanks so much for the visit.  We miss you all!
 Two Gluten Free Helpers!  Goodness!      
   Thanks for the compliment!
 Strawberries!  Sweet!  Slimming?    
 Dads influence  habits!  
 RESTAURANTS getting  RIGHT!  Thanks 
 Wine and sea salt!  How much to love?  Thanks      
 Food Colors?   provides good info again!    
 Play Safe.  Tips for preventing sports injury.  Eat well after!    
 11 min and 54 sec  with Dr. Hugh Sampson discussing the 2010 NIAID  Guidelines 
 Great Grains!  Just reading about them gives me a healthy feeling.  Tx      
 Lucy's on film!  Check out this new video/blog    
 thanks for your msg!
 RT   - just tried Lucy's oatmeal cookies. best cookies ever. and healthy. amazing!
 Mindful Eating.  More good from   Om.    
 Hidden Allergens and Healthy Teeth.  2 important topics; 1 nice video  Tx    
  I will be so happy to see you!  Booth 5425.
 Where do groceries come from?  A blog about        eating
  Thanks for the follow!
  Thanks for the follow!
   Thanks for the follow!
   Thanks for the follow!
  Thanks for the follow!
  So glad to know you are enjoying the   cookies!
 What might be missing from your  diet and how to easily address the matter.  Thx  
   Hi!  We do make a yummy combination!  Thanks  for suggesting!  
   Thanks for thinking of Lucy's!  I agree.....yummy with 
 Study suggests that real food satisfies when diet foods may trigger craving for more.   Tx   
 Managing Food Allergies at School.  Great Video. Tx   
 New USDA Dietary Guidelines!  Eat well!    
  I'm so glad to know you tried the cookies!  Enjoy!
 Salt, Sugar, Fat - Supermarket Guru reviews new study.   Hints to help kids eat well.  Tx 
 Supermarket Guru says  and  are good for business.Check out this video  Tx 
 Study result:  If more fruits+veggies, then less heart disease.  Food or lifestyle? Either way it's good to know. 
 Vitamin D and Calcium.  People are still talking about the new guidelines.  Nice video:  
 Great fruits and veggies in the frozen + canned sections!  Save $$ too.   Thanks  
 Brain Food.  Smart at any age.    
 Sesame, coconut and tree nut allergies.  Good discussion on differences and patterns.   
 My MASHED POTATOES!  Too good for Thursday!  Here's the  link:     
 RT  Video Q4: According 2 Dan, what happens when a Dr. becomes a baker? Tweet 2  
 RT  Video Q3: What 2 ingred does Dan sugg for Thai chicken tndrs? Tweet to  to win 
 RT  Video Q1: Name 1 of 2 secret ingred that keep  cake moist:  Tweet us the ans 2 
 RT  Tweet to win  cookies from  starting today! 
 TY! RT  I love  accent, so can you! Watch her in  cooking video w  
 RT  Listen up, men! If you have  disease, consider screening for osteoporosis, esp. if age 60+ 
 My chocolate cake recipe and a video about it with       
 FAAN at NYSE and CBS.  Thanks  and    
 RT  FAAN BOD Chair  joined us at the NYSE Closing Bell ceremony last week, and this week he is blogging about.  htt ...
 RT  FAAMA was signed into law by President Obama ! National school  guidelines will be created as a result.  ht ...
 Nitrates: Veggies vs Meats?  Thanks for this nice review    
 New Year, New Stores!  Lucy's    cookies near you!  Check out the list: 
 Hey, thanks for the follow.  Happy New Year
 When in doubt, throw it out! Thanks ABC!   
 RT   Great menu ideas to start the year.  Many are GF and adaptable for   Thanks Bon Appetit
 RT  Roasted Grapefruit Recipe  Healthy, yet rich tasting.  Yum!  
 Ringing in good things for food allergies.  Thanks FAAN!  
 Help with managing food allergies at school!   Thanks     
 RT  How 1 school lunch program is helping students w/ celiac disease - Getting around gluten, The Citizen, NY  ...
 Senate passes food-safety bill  via  
 Save room for your favorite holiday treats.    Thanks for these tips  
 Yummy veggie appetizer.  Try Lucy's cookies for dessert!     
 Cookies for Santa?  Lucy's!    
 A good lunch is a good thing.   
   Thanks for the RT!!  Enjoy!
 Colleges offer relief to stressed-out students -  (via 
 Cookie Tip: Pop a Lucy's cookie in a toaster oven or microwave for a few seconds.  Warm, just form the oven! Yum!  
 Cookies home from college! Check out my new blog:     
 More proof that exercise is good for adults too!  
 Practical holiday gift idea:  A box of Lucy's cookies, with or without wrapping!    
 Mark your calendars!  FAAN rings the NYSE bell on Dec 30.    
 RT  Health library cookbooks highlight healthful recipes 
 RT  New  product review:    cookies.  So good!   
 RT  Last call! Our free Webinar on Maintaining a  Diet during the Holidays starts in 90 mins. Register now:  ...
 It's the thought that counts, right? Holiday food baskets may give gift of botulism:  via  
 Thanks Jennifer LaRue Huget, for this article!  Food allergies require precautions  via  
 Have you enjoyed a cookie this week?  Lucy's!    
 Who among your friends loves cookies the most?     
 How do you feel about cookies?  Like or Love?   
 New blog post.  More Cookie Memories.   +   
 Sound advice on healthy eating and physical activity for kids.  Thanks to the AAP.   +  
 What kids eat.  Who's in charge?   +  
 Good GF + Food Allergy news!  2011 Restaurant Trends   +     Thanks 
 Good GF and Food Allergy news!  2011 Restaurant Trends  +  
 RT  Research News: Could New Antibody Test Detect  Years Before Positive tTG?  We're excited ...
 Health research is feeding food trends.  That's nice!  +   
 New:  Food Allergy Diagnosis and Management Guidelines  + 
 Cookie Monster has Fruit and Veggie Friends!  +    
  Thanks for the follow
  Thanks for the follow!  Happy Cookies!
  Thanks for the RT!  Happy Cookies!
   Thanks for the RT!  Happy Cookies! 
 RT  Our December newsletter is up! Includes "20 Ways to Give Joy (and Share the  Story) This Holiday"  ...
 'Tis the Cookie Season.  Check out my blog.  +    
 Calcium?  Oatmeal, figs, spinach, broccoli and salmon may surprise you!   +  
 Are you and your family getting enough calcium?  Have a cookie with your milk.   +   
 Food Safety bill update:   +  
 RT  Just posted our Celiac Disease & Women's Health brochure. Print it off, give to friends and tell your doc!  ...
 RT  We're putting together a  gift guide. What's on your list this year?  
 Good reading on soy.  via
 RT  35 Easy Ways to Stretch Your Food Budget:   Don't forget the cookies!
 RT  15 holiday savings tips (from a  mom!) - Courier News  Our Dec. newsletter (coming this Thur ...
 RT  Let's have some fun this holiday season. Tell us about your  "Turkey" !   
 RT   Span open  Day 8a-2p ET for  &  emergencies
 RT  AskKaren.gov live chats in Eng & Span open  Day 8a-2p ET for  &  emergencies  ...
   Happy Healthy Thanksgiving!!
 Cookies are yummy!  Eat your fruits and veggies first!   +  
 Georgetown University: Food Safety Important on Thanksgiving and Always 
 RT  Squash With Wild Rice and Chanterelle Stuffing with Rich Brown Gravy 
 RT  VegNews Holiday eCookbook 
 Mashed potatoes most popular side dish, according to survey!  Check out other interesting info:  +
 RT  Survey Finds that Thanksgiving Dinner Costs $4.50 Per Person 
 Veggies are Heart Healthy!   +
 Thanksgiving Veggie Ideas, Yum!  +
 RT  Test your Thanksgiving knowledge with this quiz:  
 New  testing guidelines coming soon.   +
 RT  November Is Nat' Pomegranate Month. Everything you need to know about pomegranates.  +
 Bon Appetit - Cranberry Sauces Slideshow -  
 RT  Top Ten Gluten-Free Dinners for a Busy Family.   +
 Healthy holiday thoughts. Eat More Veggies! Check out my blog.  +
 RT  Wonder if french fries are safe? Some answers.   
 RT  New study published on quality of life of teens with    +
 More  Thanksgiving recipes!  Yum!  +
 Good gravy!    With lots of detailed instructions for those new to gravy-making!   +
 Healthy holiday eating tips.  Allow indulgence, in moderation!  +
 Nutrition news on salt intake.  Less is better for teens.  +
 If you love Lucy's Cinnamon Thins, here are more healthy reasons to why!  +
 RT  Recipe of the Day: 50 Stuffings 
  gravy and pie!  Oh My!  Thanks Carol Fenster.   +
 RT  FAAN Publishes Updated School Food Allergy Program:  +
 RT  my FAVORITE day of the week! Starbucks IceCream, Lucy’s  Cookies,Licorice, Angie’s Kettle Corn& Dry Soda . ...
 RT  Birthday Party Games for 7, 8 and 9 year olds! 
 RT  If you are traveing  this holiday season... here are some helpful tips to make it easy! 
 More  thoughts 
 Great party ideas for  allergies.  
  Thanks for the recommend!
 RT  Try Dr Lucys Cookies   Great for ppl wi ...
  Thanks for sharing the $45Mil research news on  
  Thanks for the recommend!
 G-Free Foodie Launches Gluten Free Andriod App, YouTube Channel  via 
 Here are some fun   ideas you can make at home 
 Aaah...RT   No, thank YOU... we love you guys! Here's the link to our iTunes app store: 
 Here are some fun pumpkin decorating ideas for   
 Thanks  for sharing Lucy's with your followers & fans. Where can those who didn't win buy ur apps?
 Thanks to everyone who participated in the   contest last week. Prizes from Lucy's &  r on their way 2 winners.
 RT  Happy  everyone! RT for a chance to win our Tom Thumb  plus prizes from  and 
 RT   some winners frm the r contest!        
  Thanks Dina!
 RT  Today’s the last day of our  with  and  RT for a chance to win! 
 RT  RT for a chance to win our John Henry app,  cookies & a photo bag o’tricks from  
 RT  Only 2 days left 4 r  RT 4 a chance 2 win free app plus gifts frm  &  
 RT  Want an app but afraid to ask?    4 free storybook app + prizes from  and 
 An MD mom who cares about kids' reading:Dr. Lucy Gibney of   RT for a chance to win  
 We only have about 6000 signatures. This is not enough! Please, we need your help to spread the word  
 RT  Whether ur a saint or a sinner, u’ll want 2 treat yourself 2 these frightfully good Halloween treats: 
 RT  RT  An Interview With Our Partner, Dr. Lucy Gibney of  
 RT  Just added Video w/ highlights frm previous years' events  Get ready to eat!  
 RT  RT 4 chance 2 win! Giving away a different app a day this wk today is Pecos Bill! & prizes frm  & 
 RT  Robin WMs reads Pecos Bill RT 4 a chance 2 win this   cookies & photobag o’tricks fm  
 RT  RT for a chance to win our Pecos Bill   cookies & a photo bag o’tricks from  
 RT  Have food allergy or  Chk out grt trick-or-treating tips w/   - 
  Lucy's &  r giving away childrens book  all week. RT 4 ur chance 2 win 
  Have u heard? A Week of Winning  Twitter contest Details:  RT 4 chance 2 win!
 RT  Week of Winning!   &  Twitter contest. Details   RT 4 chance 2 win!
  Have u heard?  giving away Johnny Appleseed  
 RT  RT for a chance 2 win goodies from us & r friends  &  Chk out the prizes here: 
 RT  enter to win  for a copy of  super awesome Johnny Appleseed    
 RT   cont'd RT 4 a chance 2 win Johnny Appleseed  plus gifts from  &  
 RT  Our  continues! RT 4 a chance 2 win r book  plus gifts from  &  
 RT  Week of Winning A   & RuckusMedia Twitter contest. Details   RT 4 a chance 2 win!
  & Lucy's sponsors   giveway. Read more on my blog 
  launches  of classic childrens books read by celebrities. Win a free dwnload + Lucy's cookies 
 RT  Week of Winning   &  Twitter contest. Details    RT 4 a chance 2 win!
 Read my new blog about our partnership with  &  
 Have u heard?  Lucy's &  r giving away children book  Follow & RT 4 ur chance 2 win 
 RT  RT 4 a chance 2 win! Every day this wk we’re giving away a different storybk  & przes from  & 
 RT  RT  my 2 yr old loved her 1st Ruckus app, Johnny Appleseed. Book had her transfixed! Thx! 
  You're welcome!
 Thanks Dina! RT   You're very welcome! I love your cookies. I get them at Starbucks now! :)
 RT  New blog post: What about Bullying?         
  You're the best! Thanks for always thinking of us on 
  shares  Halloween tips & includes Lucy's cookies - thanks 4 sharing us with your readers! 
 RT  Check out our latest blog post: The Ruckus Media Celebrity Factor 
  Congrats!
 Lucy's is on the road this weekend w/  10/17 in Chicago & Ridgewood, NJ. Stop by 4 yummy cookie samples! 
 Thanks cookies get me pretty excited! RT   R fave cookies  I'm probably more excited than I shld b
 Here are 100 non-food treats for Halloween from  
 Lovin' this review from yummyallergenfree 
 RT  Have u registered 4 Mom's Night Out  Whole Foods Scottsdale? Wine, food,   
 Runner's World weighs in on  diet 
 RT  Win loot!        
 That's fit tips for bringing out the athlete in your child 
 Thanks Kara! RT  Latest post: And the Budget Continues, which includes my review of  -- 
  Thanks for sharing us with your guests. How'd it go?
 RT  Check out r latest blog post for a chance 2 win a FREE download of 1 of our storybook   
 RT  We have Lucy's Cookies ( on sale this month!  $4.29/box and $1.29 for Grab & Gos 
 Tips on keeping your children's teeth healthy this Halloween season •
  Ok great!  Look forward to hearing!
  You're welcome!
 RT  Hear Dr. Lucy  Exec. Chef Chase Barton  & myself speak at FA support mtng 
 RT  FREE Webinar TODAY 1pm ET! It's all about nutrition and how 2 maintain a balanced  diet  
 Lucy's is on the road with  in Long Island 4 the  walk 10/10. Stop by 4 yummy cookie samples. 
 RT  Gluten defined on the front page of CNN's Eatocracy! Do you think this is an accurate description? 
 Need  treats for your munchkins this Halloween? Consider buying Lucy's in bulk on  
 RT   herbal treatment talk and study: 
 RT    cookbook giveaway! 
  Thanks for sharing the Chicago Tribune  report 
 Who doesn't feel phenomenal in their skinny jeans! 
 It happens!  Thanks for sharing RT  i ate toooo many.  cookies.
  You're welcome! Anything for our must follow non-profit  
 RT  Help us help animals. Vote for  for Must-Follow Non-Profit   Please RT!
  You're welcome! Can't wait to delight kids & parents alike with free apps next week!
 RT  Here's a list of the Top 20 Best Selling Children's Books of All Time.  Did ur favorite make the cut?  
  has some nice tips for parents this Halloween season 
  participates in 1st NON-GMO Month  Good 4 u Navan!
 The oatmeal are my favoriter! RT  Just ate some  oatmeal cookies!! Yummy!!!
  Thanks! Bring on Fall...
  Back-atcha! What's up for Celiac Awarenss Month?
 RT  Happy World Vegetarian Day! How are you celebrating?
  We're looking forward to helping you giveaway some of ur new  soon!
 RT  Happy  Check out sneak peak of r upcoming  Johnny Appleseed, told by Garrison Keillor: 
 Nice to be in such good company 
  Thanks!
 October is also  Awareness Month. What will u do 2 raise awareness?
  Most definitely!
 RT  Celebrate World Vegetarian Day & Vegetarian Awareness Month this October by Adopting a Plant-Based Diet-
 Today is World Vegetarian Day.  Will you go all veggies today?
  is organizing 11 allergy-friendly camps around the US--Camp Tag  Yay!!!
 Have u bought ur tickets to the 2010  Cooking Spree in Philly with  Buy them now 
 Thanks! RT       sweet
 RT  Gift bags  hairspray,  best selling  shadows palette,  cookies,  peony detergent
 In the Glen Falls NY area? Lucy's will be there with lots of  cookies samples 
 Will you celebrate on Oct. 1? 
 Tricks & Treats in my new blog 
 Thanks  
  Thanks so much! We're glad u discovered us 2 & appreciate you sharing us with ur readers.
 Lucy's is On the Road this weekend with FAAN 10/2 Atlanta, Baltimore & Charlotte. Stop by r table 4 scrumptious samples 
  You're welcome! Thanks for sharing my  cookies with your customers.
  Thanks for letting Lucy's  cookies be a part of your 30th Gala & Humanitarian Awards!
  has ready-to-go   snack packs with Lucy's cookies 
 Have u heard?  brings together several   restaurant  finder sites 
  You're welcome.
 RT  Happy  everyone! Check out this speak peek of our upcoming  Tom Thumb! 
 Thanks for all ur RT and  sweetness      and of course the  gang
 Aahhh Friday at last....
 RT  Red Lobster allergy information becomes available nationwide this fall 
 RT  Eats: In the kitchen: Giving up gluten has never been easier | bPlus  Do you agree?  
  has a nice review of Lucy's  cookies. Read it here 
  Love ur review of my cookies. Reading it made my day.  Thanks 4 sharing Lucy's  cookies with ur readers.
 Schecky's gives Lucy's  sugar cookies a thumbs up in her post "Guilt-free goodies for sensitive stomachs" 
 Here are some fun  lunch recipes that can easily be modified for other diets too 
 RT   Lucy's cookie review 
 Oops forgot to thank 
 Thanks for the  & RT lovin'       So glad it's Friday
 Congrats  nice cookbook and nice write up here 
 RT  AP: Gluten-free has gone big time, but why so popular?  Quotes  & 
 Sept. is Childhood Obesity Awareness Month   Your thoughts?
 Lucy's is on the road  with  in r hometown this weekend  9/18 +  9/19. Stop by 4 yummy samples!
 RT  AllergyEats: Fastest Growing Source for Finding Allergy-Friendly Restaurants 
  newsletter features Lucy's.  Read it here 
 Very interesting.... Your thoughts?
 
 Oops!  Appetite for Awareness is in PHILLY on 10/24.  I said Chicago earlier.  Sorry for any confusion. Enjoy!
 Mark ur calendar 10/24  Cooking Spree in Chicago with   
 Helpful tips 4 planning healthy after school snacks 4 ur kids. Share ur tips w/me. 
  has some great last minute tips for keeping your child with  safe as they head back to school 
 Get the most out of your fruits & veggies with these  tips 
  Ur recipe of the week is making my mouth water  Plus it's easy to modify for my son's food allergies 2!
 Lots of tips for parents out there on back to school - here's some for your kids 
 RT   Chef Tal Ronnen is enroute to Japan! Follow  this week for live updates from him as he searches for vegan eats!
  We still haven't seen any photos from the walks so far. What gives :)?
 Got everything ready for your little ones to return to school? What's left?
  Thanks for the 
  There are in  corporate stores nationwide--but not the smaller airport, grocery store  and the like Starbucks
 Thank you! for the   
  I know it looks really tasty!
 A thorough anaphylaxis handbook guide for schools for our Canadian friends.   Cool eh?
 7 days left to vote 4 Lucy's as ur Fav  Cookie Company with    Voters can win grt prizes too 
 Read my new blog post 
   shares a yummy after school treat. Adapt it 4 a   or  diet 
 RT   english muffins on MarthaStewart.com!  Tell Martha about your favorite  baked goods! 
  Thanks for the tip. I'm following  now.
  "Of course Robin. Even crime fighters must eat." Thanks!
  Thanks for the RT.
 Tips for keeping food fresh in ur kids lunchbox?
  You're welcome!
 Need ideas for healthy  lunches to send your kids back-to-school with?  has great ones 
 RT  10 Superfoods for Celiacs: 
  Thanks for the RT.
 We r available in 2 new Canadian stores  &  + you can still use  Good news, eh?
 RT  FAAN's New Food Allergy Recipe Data Base Now Open to All: 
 Lucy's  cookies r on the road w/ Next stop Nashville 8/28. Stop by 4 yummy samples.  
 Monday morning....lots to do. Wishing everyone a great week!
  Thanks for the 
   Thanks for the 
  Thank you!
 Journal of  & Immunology study raises cross contamination concerns. Aren't u glad Lucy's is a dedicated bakery? 
        
  Thanks!
 RT  RT  What's your favorite flavor of Lucy's   cookie? // cinnamon thins! :-D
  You're welcome.  will ship to Canada. I'm sure they could ship them in bulk--right 
 Go ahead let your kids play with their food! 
  Here's a link to our store locator to find more scrumptious Lucy's cookies 
  Chocolate chip is our best seller!
  Thanks! We do have other flavors - sugar, cinnamon & chocolate chip too.  All   & 
  No worries. They r like snickerdoodles right!
   Chocolate chip r our best seller. Not by much though. Just made  s'mores with cinnamon thins on Sat.
 What's your favorite flavor of Lucy's   cookie?
  You're welcome.  Oatmeal is my favorite flavor!
 RT  Money-saving tips for  and gluten-free eaters (via   
  I was thrilled to read your review of Lucy's today--made my day! 
  Thanks for the RT.
  Thanks for the RT.
  Thanks for the RT!
  offers advice on back to school basic planning for parents of children with  
 ABC Miami featured Lucy's    cookies in their back-to-school lunch box line up Sunday 
  You too!
  Can't wait to see photos from the Seattle and Denver  awareness walks this last weekend.
  You're welcome!  Happy to do it.
  Thanks for the 
  Thanks for the  Dina!
  Thank you for the RT.
 RT  Went with the veg burger and salad! Yumz!  Yummy indeed!
 Raising healthy eaters from preschool to highschool 
 Lucy's   cookies r on the road with  8/15 Seattle & Denver  Will u be there?
 Thanks  for the nice review! 
  offers lots of back to school tools & tips  What's ur BTS tip?
  I could use an afternoon pick me up too.
  Thanks for sharing this - nice publicity for your walk & raising  awareness.
 RT   Thought you'd enjoy this. Celebs, congressman, physicians support FAAN Walk on Sept. 11 
  We're super excited to be a part of the FAAN  walk in NJ too. Thanks 4 all ur doing 2 raise  awareness.
 RT  Happy National S'mores Day! Try Lucy's  cinnamon thins in place of graham crackers in your s'mores.
 Lucy's   cookies are included in Today's  &  pick of the week 
 RT  Reviewed Dr. Lucy's Cookies! Soooo good!  
  Thanks!
 Have u heard? Lucy's  cookies r on the road with  FAAN Attend a walk near you 
 RT  Received awesome cookies from  Review 2 come tomorrow AM! Http://www.drlucys.com 
  Glad to hear they arrived and look forward to your review tomorrow.  Thanks for sharing with your readers & followers.
 RT   has grt  Enter 2   cookie gift basket!  ends 8/13. 
 RT   has great  Enter today 2   cookie basket!  ends 8/13. 
  You're welcome.  What flavor did you like best?
  Have u heard? Lucy's has been nominated 4 a   4 Fave  Cookie. Vote 4 us: 
  You're welcome!
  You're welcome.
  Thank you. I didn't know ur up 4 favorite  tweeter. Voting now.
  Have u heard? Lucy's is up 4 Favorite  Cookie Company   Will u vote 4 us? 
 Have  or  intolerances & heading off 2 college this fall?  hosts a webinar 2 help 
  Perhaps another round of "iced" chocolate and  Lucy's today....we'd love to see that happy camper!
  Thanks!
  Have u heard? Lucy's is nominated 4   4 Favorite  Cookie Company. Vote 4 us  
  Have u heard? Lucy's is nominated 4   4 Favorite  Cookie Company. Vote 4 us 
  Words can't even begin to express....but here goes - You're the best!
  We want you to review our  cookies too.  Send me a DM with shipping info please.
  Thank you!
  Have u heard? Lucy's has been nominated for a   for Favorite  Cookie Company. Vote 4 us 
 Lucy's has been nominated for  Favorite  Cookie Company. Vote for us now  Voters can win prize pckgs too!
 RT  How do you pick and choose gluten-free goods? Take our  survey  
 Lucy's wants 2 keep u on track while ur on the go. Send ur twitpic now 4 a chance 2 win a  nuvi1690  
 Lucy's On the Road Photo  Twitpic of you eating Lucy's  on the go to win a car  Winner chosen 8/20 
 RT   grt  Enter today 2   cookie gift basket!  ends 8/13. 
  we're giving away a  + Lucy's  cookies 4 best twitpic of eating "Lucy's on the Go" Read my blog 
  we're giving away a  + Lucy's  cookies 4 best twitpic of eating "Lucy's on the Go" Read my blog 
  we're giving away a  + Lucy's  cookies 4 best twitpic of eating "Lucy's on the Go" Read my blog 
  we're giving away a  + Lucy's  cookies 4 best twitpic of eating "Lucy's on the Go" Read my blog 
  we're giving away a  + Lucy's  cookies 4 best twitpic of eating "Lucy's on the Go" Read my blog 
  we're giving away a  + Lucy's  cookies 4 best twitpic of eating "Lucy's on the Go" Read my blog 
  we're giving away a  + Lucy's  cookies 4 best twitpic of eating "Lucy's on the Go" Read my blog 
  we're giving away a  + Lucy's  cookies 4 best twitpic of eating "Lucy's on the Go" Read my blog 
  we're giving away a  + Lucy's  cookies 4 best twitpic of eating "Lucy's on the Go" Read my blog 
  read the contest details on my new blog post 
  we're giving away a  + Lucy's cookies 4 the most original twitpic of people eating "Lucy's on the Go" perfect 4 ur walkers
  we're giving away a  + Lucy's  cookies for the most original twitpic of people eating "Lucy's On the Go"
 We're giving away a  for ur car + Lucy's  cookies for the best pic of u eating Lucy's on the Go. All twitpics must be in by 8/16.
 Read my blog post on our new contest to win a  for your car 
 Want 2 win a  for ur car + Lucy's  cookies? Enter Lucy's On the Go Photo Contest send me a twitpic of u eating Lucy's on the go today
  Thank you!
 RT   has great  Enter today to  a  cookie gift basket!  ends 8/13.
  thanks for the nice review 
  shares tips on avoiding cross contamination for  diet 
     Thanks for all your support ladies!
 Lucy's   cookies are on the road this summer with  - 25 cities   cities & dates 2 come.
 RT   Our  walk pg 
  2010 fundraising walk season gets underway in Aug. Raise  awareness. Attend a walk in ur area. 
 Subscribe and save on Lucy's   cookies on Amazon 
  provides some great tips for traveling with  this summer 
  Yummy!
 Lucy's   cookies are now set up with  subscribe and save program  What a good time to stock up!
  You're the best for sharing this!
  My pleasure!
  Oatmeal is my favorite!  Glad you like them.
  Thank you for sharing Lucy's   cookies us with your readers!
 RT   Review: Dr. Lucy’s Gluten Free, Vegan Cookies    
  Thanks for the 
  You're welcome!
       
  You're welcome!
 We're giving away more    cookies through blogger  
  Oops - meant to share the link to that  ingredient name guide 
 Thanks  for your guide on ingredient names for 
 Have u heard about this new  website?   
 RT   I love that you have   cookies. However, a listing of your  beverages would be GREAT!
