 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Wooden 2 drawer mini chest of drawers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I make handmade wood pieces anyone know of shops or websites that would be interested in purchasing my pieces wholesale?
 
 
 
 Woooden Firetruck mini desk clock 
 Hockey player (Philadelphia) wood display 
 OLD SCHOOL BIKER wood display 
 Wooden cheese cutting board 
 Wooden praying hands and cross display 
 I'm A Geek wooden display sign 
 Wooden God Bless this home display 
 I love my Retriever wood sign 
 Wooden Navy display 
 Wooden It is What IT is display 
 Pelican pen/pencil holder 
 Wooden Napkin Press 
 Wooden key house 
 Wooden box 
 Wooden wine and cheese board 
 Baseball player wooden mini desk clock 
 Beware of Dog wall hanging 
 Wine bottle and 2 glass display holder 
 Wooden handmade fretwork shelf 
 Wooden Dad Key chain 
 Wooden Never forgotten soldier military display 
 Wooden I love my Grandpa sign display 
 Wooden I love my Grandma display sign 
 Wooden sign display No Coffee No Workee 
 Wooden Maple Leaf shaped trivet 
 Wooden Oak leaf shaped trivet 
 wooden big trivet 
 Painted wooden hanging shelf 
 Wooden oven puller pusher 
 Wooden back scratcher 
 Wooden I'd Rather be Fishing sign display 
 Wooden I didn't Do It sign display 
 Wooden Red Hot Mama sign display 
 Wooden Star Trek display 
 Wooden Danger Wild kid zone wall hanging and display 
 Wooden Love,Laugh and Live display 
 Wooden Princess wall peg rack 
 Wooden Rooster peg rack 
 Wooden 3 aces miniature desk clock 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 SPECIAL SALE! From May 16-23 all dog items are 10% off! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 wooden big trivet by JonPSU77  via 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Brand New Website! 
 Wooden It is What IT is display by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden Bichon and Westie display by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden Great Dane leash hanger by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden Labrador Retriever leash hanger by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden Family jigsaw puzzle by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden Humming Birds mini desk clock by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden Chick mini desk clock by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden Cat mini desk clock by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden Church mini desk clock by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden Amazing Grace wall hanging by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden Jesus Saves wall hanging by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden I loves me Kitty display by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden Hippo mini desk clockfree shipping by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden Jaguar mini desk clockFree shipping by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden Duck shaped mini desk clockfree shipping by JonPSU77 
 Wooden turtle shaped mini desk clockfree shipping by JonPSU77 
 Wooden bear shaped mini desk clockfree shipping by JonPSU77 
 Wooden guerilla shaped mini desk clockfree shipping by JonPSU77 
 Wooden lamb shaped jigsaw puzzle by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden Rabbit shaped jigsaw puzzle by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden cat shaped jigsaw puzzle by JonPSU77 on  
 Cheseapeake bay retriever bay wooden jigsaw puzzle by JonPSU77 
 Wooden key rack holder by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden name train by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden salt pepper and napkin holder by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden Corgi jigsaw puzzle by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden Cheseapeake Bay Retriever mini desk clock by JonPSU77 
 Wooden Cheseapeake Bay Retriever welcome wall display by JonPSU77 
 Wooden Cheseapeake bay retriever wall hanging by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden Corgi jigsaw puzzle 
 Wooden Cheseapeake Bay Retriever mini desk clock 
 Wooden Love is a Pit bull wood display 
 Wooden Cheseapeake Bay Retriever welcome wall display 
 Wooden Cheseapeake bay retriver wall hanging 
 Wooden wine and chesse board by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden tissue cover box by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden box by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden five drawer mini chest of drawers by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden box 
 Wooden tissue cover box 
 Wooden wine and chesse board 
 Wooden five drawer mini chest of drawers 
 Wooden 2 drawer mini chest by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden key house by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden key house 
 Wooden 2 drawer mini chest 
 Wooden God Bless this home display 
 I'm A Geek wooden display sign 
 Wooden praying hands and cross display 
 Wooden praying hands and cross display by JonPSU77 on  
 I'm A Geek wooden display sign by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden God Bless this home display by JonPSU77 on  
 Rocking horse wooden jigsaw puzzle 
 Wooden Key rack holder 
 Wooden Dog wall hanging 
 Wooden Peace sign display 
 Wooden frog jigsaw puzzle 
 Wooden hand made Jesus puzzle 
 Wooden hand made chihua dog jigsaw puzzle 
 Wooden letter and mail holder display 
 Praying hands and cross wooden mini desk clock 
 Rocking horse wooden jigsaw puzzle by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden Key rack holder by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden Dog wall hanging by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden Peace sign display by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden frog jigsaw puzzle by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden hand made Jesus puzzle by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden hand made chihua  dog jigsaw puzzle by JonPSU77 on  
 Wooden letter and mail holder display by JonPSU77 on  
 Praying hands and cross wooden mini desk clock by JonPSU77 on  
 Sports themed wooden switch plate covers by JonPSU77 on  
 Husky wooden jigsaw puzzle by JonPSU77 on  
 Schnauzer wooden jigsaw puzzle by JonPSU77 on  
 Spong Bob Squarepants wooden jigsaw puzzle by JonPSU77 on  
 Sports themed wooden switch plate covers 
 Husky wooden jigsaw puzzle 
 Schnauzer wooden jigsaw puzzle 
 Spong Bob Squarepants wooden jigsaw puzzle 
 Pink and white scarf 
 pink handmade crocheted dishcloth 
 Crocheted white hand made potholder 
 Dog's behind wooden mini desk clock by JonPSU77 on  
 Hand miniature wooden desk clock by JonPSU77 on  
 Dog miniature wooden desk clock by JonPSU77 on  
 Dog's behind wooden mini desk clock 
 Dog miniature wooden desk clock 
 Hand miniature wooden desk clock 
 Fantastic four wooden jigsaw puzzle by JonPSU77 on  
 Pit bull wooden jigsaw puzzle by JonPSU77 on  
 A Spoilt Dog lives here wood mug holder by JonPSU77 on  
 Dragon wooden mini desk clock by JonPSU77 on  
 Fantastic four wooden jigsaw puzzle 
 Pit bull wooden jigsaw puzzle 
 A Spoilt Dog lives here wood mug holder 
 Dragon wooden mini desk clock 
 I just opened my Trunkt store for hand made wood craft pieces, check it out
 Dog mini wooden desk clock 
 
 
 Penguin wooden mini desk clock 
 
 
 Owl mini wooden desk clock 
 Cat wooden mini desk clock 
 
 
 
 Doubel gargoyle mini desk clock 
 Black Lab puppy jigsaw puzzle 
 Mario and friends childrens jigsaw puzzle 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Male Tennis player wooden mini desk clock 
 Hockey goalie wooden desk clock 
 Cat wooden mini desk clock 
 Teapot wooden mini desk clock 
 Car wooden mini desk clock 
 
 
 
 This is a penguin 10 piece jigsaw puzzle. made from 1/2 inch red oak wood. It measures 7 1/2… 
 Wooden standup Giraffe jigsaw puzzle 
 Time to run wooden mini desk clock 
 I will subscribe to your blog newsletter if you
 
 
 
 
 Wooden Spaniel shaped jigsaw puzzle 
 Wooden passion for Christ fish 
 Wooden Heart cross 
 Wooden Jesus Cross 
 
 
 
 Bunny rabbit wooden jigsaw puzzle 
 Pig wooden stand up puzzle 
 Wooden soldier display 
 
 
 check out this great gift idea for the golfers
 Wooden Jack Russell sign 
 Wooden baseball hitter display 
 Wooden Golf mini desk clock 
 Here is a cool gift idea, double unicorns mini desk clock
 A gift idea for all your teachers
 Check out my latest creation a double reindeer mini desk clock
 Number one wooden teacher display 
 Unicorn wooden mini desk clock 
 Reindeer wooden mini desk clock 
 Lost my Father last week in South Carolina, very difficult times
 Thanks for the follow, looking forward to your tweets, please check out my shop for gift ideas in wood 
 Wooden Dog bone business card caddy 
 Check it out , i'm giving away 3 items from my shop
 Check it out guys and gals, I'm on a blog giveawy, I'm giving away 3 items from shop...
 can't forget all you dog ladies out there, here is my latest creation, ck it out
 Dog Lady wodd sign 
 Krishenka's Vintage Treasures: Giveaway $15 voucher from Krishenka 
 check out my latest  wood craft product, for all you cat ladies out there!! 
 The Cat lady Wood display 
 Check out my latest handmade wood item, very functional. .
 Remote controls caddy 
 Just got back from vacation in the Adirondack mountains in New york State, absoultely beautiful part of the country, back to work, yuck!!!!
 My pit bull escaped my fenced enclosure yesterday morning, can't figure out how she escaped!!! Clever dog, she was found next door!!
 For you pit bull lovers, I own one!!
 This is a cute one!!
 Check this one out
 Check out my newest wood craft creations!!
 Corner kittens wooden door topper 
 Wooden dogs corner door topper 
 I love my Pit Bull wood display I love my Pit Bull wood display zoom I love my Pit Bull wood… 
 My best Friend is a Beagle wood display 
 Trying to get my dog to stop nipping at me, she thinks we are playing, any ideas on how to stop this behavior
   Love that quote, so true!!!
 YEAH!!! I crated my Pit bull Jordan last night and no messes.  might have this under control
 Still trying to house train my pit bull EEEECK!! Crating her seems to help somewhat at this time
 How can an umpire blow such an important call in the Detroit Tigers game last night..Baseball needs to expand replays.
 Latest update on my new pit bull Jordan, she stopped whining outside, ignoring her was the ticket, she's still not house trained. Thats next
 It's always when i go to sleep i think too much
 I love my pit bull, but she is driving me nuts with her whining, potty training is a pain in the ass!!!EEEECK
 Thanks for the follow, looking forward to swapping tweets with you, check out my blog for gift ideas 
 I love my new pit Bull, she licks you to death..I may have to lose the wife, LOLLLL
 We rescued a  2 yr old pit bull from the shelter, she is so loving and sweet.
 I just signed up to Society.me, Ask me anything: 
 Good morning everyone, Does any one know where I can get a pure English Bulldog?? thks for your help my fellow twitterians...have a good day
 TGIF, man it's been a long grinding week, supposed to be int 80's this weekend Yahoooooo!!
 I've just snapped a new picture: 
 I've just snapped a new picture: 
 Here is a CUBS wall hanging for all u suferin fans
 Here's another one for you guys to look at
 Check out these cool Wood craft items I just completed
 Cubs wall hanging or desk display 
 Beware of Dog wall hanging 
 Combination baseball holder,name display and uniform number 
 I've just snapped a new picture: 
 I've just snapped a new picture: 
 I've just snapped a new picture: 
 I've just snapped a new picture: 
 I've just snapped a new picture: 
 r32r23 
 Wooden cat and Mouse door topper 
 I've just snapped a new picture: 
 I've just snapped a new picture: 
 I've just snapped a new picture: 
 I've just snapped a new picture: 
 I've just snapped a new picture: 
  Nice to follow you looking fwd to your tewwets, check out my blog for great gifts 
  of course I meant to follow you,Looking fwd to your tweets  ck out my blog for great gift ideas 
 Man its cold today form the high 80's to the 50's in one day, I'll have to spend more time on my computer today
 I've just snapped a new picture: 
 I want to go home and work on preparing my vegetable beds for planting, being stuck in an office this time of year sucks!!!
  I just became a blog follower of yours, I really enjoyed you site, best of luck to you
 Wooden Navy display 
 I'm so happy I just sold a wooden wall cross
 I'm taking the day off tomorrow to play a round of golf with my son. really looking foward to it, It's been quite some time since I golfed.
 Military Gifts And Gift Ideas For Army, Navy, Air Force and Marines:  Check out my blog 
 testing 
  Great to be following you, looking fwd to ur tweets check out my blog maybe we can do business 
  look fward to foloowing your tweets, check out my blog: Http://finewoodcrafts.blogspot.com
  look foward to following your tweets
  Check out my web site for possible products for your shop Http://Finewoodcrafts.blogspot.com
 Check out my web site for possible products for your shop
   looking fwd to following you check out my blog  
  looking fward to following you, check out my blog:  Http://Finewoodcrafts.blogspot.com
  looking fwd to follow, check out my blog, amybe we can do business ,consignment, etc   Http://finewoodcrafts.blogspot.com
  look fwd to following see my blog: Http://Finewoodcrafts.blogspot.com  maybe u can sell my products in your store??
  looking fward to following your tweets, check out my blog when u get a chance: 
  love that picture in mid sneeze, very cool
  Looking foward to following your tweets
  Looking foward to your tweets, check out my blog: Http://finewoodcrafts.blogspot.com
  Looking foward to your tweets. Check out y blog for handcrafted wood crafts (animal items ) 
  Looking fwd to follwing: Check out my Blog for handmade wood crafts (animal prods there)  Http://Finewoodcrafts.blogspot.com
  Thanks for following me, looking foward to your tweet, when u get time ck out my blog: 
 check out my newest: 
 Baseball player wooden mini desk clock 
 It's a gorgeous day, I think I'll leave work early today to start my veggie gardening, Brocolli and cauliflower. enjoy your weekend folks.
  I just followed you, check out my blog, I love to wood crafts  Http://finewoodcrafts.blogspot.com
 Hey twitter folks, check out my newest blog post
 Wooden back scratcher 
 Check out this site: 
 to all my followers: Lets fan each others facebook page also
 I feel so comfortable in my job to the point I turned down a promotion to work in another org. I know I would hate. Is $ everything??
 Dogs wooden corner display 
 Thanks to my recent followers, hope your having a wonderful day, I work in a whse and it's been busy in here.
 www.etsy.com/view_listing.php?listing_id=43732307 
 It's pouring In  Jersey I have been wood crafting my ass off today.  Come check out my latest creations Http://finewoodcrafts.blogspot.com
 Wooden I love my Boxer display 
 Yes Dear wooden display 
 Dog Lover wooden display 
 Cat lover wood display 
 Wooden dog bone shaped business card caddy 
 Paw shaped Business card caddy 
 Wooden bone shaped dog leash holder 
 Motorcycle mini wooden desk clock 
 I love my Retriever wood sign I love my Retriever wood sign zoom I love my Retriever wood sign… 
 I love my Dobermann wood sign 
 Boy it's cold in South jersey today, I'll spend today wood crafting
 Thanks to my new followers
 Do you Etsy Sellers ever get frustrated with all views and no buyerss, eeeeeeck!!!
  wow You have a great shop, How do you generate that many sales, WOW!!! very impressive, I only have 9 sales. Help!!!
 Isn't it great when you see your kids finally getting it, makes all the trials and tribulations worth it!!!
 HOOHOOO It's Friday
 So many changes at work, new secretary, manager.  I have to get used to new styles.
 I have to to some wood crafting tonight.  Not always easy after working a 9 hour day, EEECK
 Does anyone know any gift shops that would sell my wood crafts, help!! appreciate it
 I was off yesterday, shopped for my son to make his "gourmet" meals
 Cheney need to shut up!!! and fade into the sunset
 Good morning, just had my tea and ready to take on a new day
 had a weird experience went to mechanicw/beeping noise turns out it was my cell phone beeping NOT engine. all the mechanics were laughing
 Do any of my followers have brick and mortar craft shops. I would like to enter into consignment agr't arrangements. Email:JFine3348
 Hi Mist,
  my bracket had been busted in round 1, Kansas really??
 RT  Morning, Nation! How's your bracket? Some of us on SN are struggling...
 I want to say hello to my new followers, thanks
 I don't want to be here, it must be Monday!!!
 Take a look at my blog Http://finewoodcrafts.blogspot.com and tell me what you think??, thanks
 did so much spring cleaning I'm going to be sore tomorrow!!!
 a nice day in the neighborhood
 Beautiful day, did a lot of spring cleaning today,. Cleaned out 2 sheds and backyard. Sitting here drinking my wine.
 should I retire or should I keep on working, my feelings change daily, yikesss
 www.etsy.com/view_listing.php?listing_id=43017105
 Crazy games and finishes in the tournament yesterday, how's your pools coming along?
 Wooden shelf/key/mug wall hanging 
 Wooden shelf/key/mug wall hanging 
 Who do you like in the NCAA tournament
 Good morning, hope you're not hungover from yesterday, lol. Took afternoon off to play golf, finally georgeous weather.
 Happy St. pat's day, wear your green
 Good morning, supposed to be in the 70's today
 www.etsy.com/view_listing.php?listing_id=42780944
 Red Sox wood display (free Shipping) 
 Cactus wooden mug holder (Free Shipping) 
 jjkl;jo; 
 Check out and maybe follow my lists, they do change weekly.
 It's raining like cats and dogs
 just bought the dummies book for blogging
 check out my blog, tell me what you think, I'm new to this whole blogging thing. Http://Finewoodcrafts.blogspot.com
 ready for another day, its supposed to pour all weekend in south jersey.
 Whay are there mean people in this world
 Do I want to retire?? Somedays I want to and some I don't, EEEECK
 Youth is wasted on the young
 Almost time to go home, thank goodness, it's been a long one!!!
  I', getting ready for Spring and am going to work on producing more wood crafts
 I better get back to work!!!
 Fine Crafts 
