 Miss our Capitol Hill Conference? View the full video on the Council website.
 The Middle East reacts to the Norway massacre
 Middle East In Focus updated: "Moment of Truth for Syria's Bashar Al-Assad"  
 Q&A starting now on Cap. Hill - please send any questions to MEPCQuestions and watch online   
 " countries looking for alternative source of support..having lost faith in the US" Graeme Bannerman live now 
 Q&A session starting soon on Cap. Hill - for live stream viewers, submit your questions in the next 30 minutes to MEPCQuestions
 Graeme Bannerman from the  now live at   
 "The bottom line is the  leadership needs a reason not to go to the UN" Hussein Ibish concluding now 
 "Western policy is unusually divided...pushing the  further towards the UN" Hussein Ibish from  
 "The real position of  leadership..they prefer negotiations over approaching UN directly" Hussein Ibish live 
 Hussein Ibish from  and Amer. Task Force on Palestine now live at  discussing September actions at the UN
 "Israelis are traumatized by the past 10 years and the collapse of the Oslo peace process" Scott Lasensky live now 
 "There is very little that  can offer  their own" Scott Lasensky from  live now 
 " doesn't have an operational peace plan on the table...there is a diplomatic vacuum" Scott Lasensky live now 
 Scott Lasensky from  Center for Conflict Management now live on Cap. Hill Find live stream at   
 "The military to military relationship between  and  has never been stronger" Shibley Telhami live now 
 "One cannot underestimate the importance of the   relationship as an anchor" - Shibley Telhami now live 
 "The strong strategic relationship with the U.S. is the foundation of  foreign policy" - Shibley Telhami live now 
 Shibley Telhami speaking live  "Arab and Israeli Peace Initiatives: A Last Chance for Negotiations?"  
 MEPC Exec. Dir. Thomas Mattair offers background on the Arab and Israeli Peace Initiatives   
 Live now on Cap. Hill - MEPC President Frank Anderson introduces panel on "Arab and Israeli Peace Initiatives" 
 9:30am today on Cap.Hill - "Arab and Israeli Peace Initiatives - A Last Chance for Negotiations?" Live stream link here 
 Last chance to RSVP for Monday Cap. Hill Conference at info details here including live stream bookmark 
 Visit Council site at mepc.org for latest articles and information on Israeli/Arab peace initiatives - will be discussed 7/25 on Cap. Hill
 Scott Lasensky  and Graeme Bannerman  confirmed for July 25 Cap. Hill Conf.  Event details here 
 RT  Explore some of the Middle East’s most impressive sites with a virtual tour:   
  Hussein Ibish (American Task Force on Palestine)  confirmed to speak at July 25 conf..RSVP info here 
 Shibley Telhami confirmed speaker for MEPC Cap Hill Conf on July 25...full speaker list and RSVP info here 
 RSVP now for July 25 Cap. Hill Conf. about Arab Israeli Peace Initiatives..more information on speakers here 
 From the Archives: U.S. Foreign Policy Towards Syria
 Middle East In Focus: Reaction to the New Israeli Boycott Ban Law
 Middle East In Focus: Israel and Turkey on the Mend
 Arab Israeli Peace Initiatives: Last Chance for Negotiations?  Join us on Capitol Hill July 25
 What does South Sudan's independence mean for the future of the region's energy policies?
 Karin Mezran on why the U.S. Mission in Libya must continue to be supported
 The Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt: A Victim of its Own Success?
 Hezbollah Members Indicted by the International Criminal Tribunal
 Omar Kader reviews "Saving Iraq: Rebuilding a Broken Nation," by Nemir Kirdar 
 What other factors could be contributing to the unrest in Syria? View the  page on Syria to find out  
  on Syria's economic challenges leading up to the country's political unrest. [preview]  
 Arab Media Reaction to Announcement of U.S. Withdrawal from Afghanistan.
 Be sure to check out the Council's educational initiative, TeachMideast.
 What is Iran's role in the new political landscape of the Middle East? 
 Following the situation in Libya? See what our respected authors have to say. 
 Watching President Obama's speech tonight? Visit our website for expert commentary On Afghanistan 
 Be sure to sign up for our newsletter to receive important content updates and event information. 
 Looking for more insightful coverage of the Arab Spring? Visit us at www.mepc.org
 Ahmet Kuru reviews "The Price of Freedom Denied: Religious Persecution and Conflict in the 21st Century"
 Middle East In Focus: Unemployment in Gaza and EU Diplomatic Forays
 Jahangir Amuzegar reviews Abbas Milani's new book, "The Shah."
 Dr. Kristian Ulrichsen on the political insecurity in the Gulf of Aden area [preview]
 How will the "Arab Spring" affect the futures of Turkey and Iran? [preview]
 How will Iraqi Kurdistan's relationship with Baghdad affect its economic capacity? [preview] 
 New Journal: Egypt at a Crossroads  via 
 Middle East In Focus: What's Next for Syria? 
 Abdeljalil Ghanem and Said Elfakhani discuss the privatization of the Gulf industrial sector [preview]
 "The revolution has demanded change that falls within two main spheres: the economic and the political." Amal Kandeel 
 Amal A. Kandeel discusses the implications of an "Egypt at a Crossroads."  
 Yagil Levy on the Israeli military's ideological dilemma: enforce terms of peace or back Israeli settlers? [preview] 
 "The governed in this region have discovered that they can, if necessary, take back their consent to be governed..." - Amb. Chas Freeman Jr.
 John V. Whitbeck argues that "The State of Palestine Exists" in his new journal essay. [preview]  
 Amb. Chas Freeman discusses the strategic implications of the Arab Awakening [preview] 
 Dr. Bassam Haddad on the realities and challenges of Syria's political economy [preview]   
 Upcoming Summer 2011 Issue Editor's Note: The future of the Arab Spring
 Middle East In Focus: Saudi Arabia Debates Right of Women to Drive:
 Al Jazeera interviews Dr. Thomas Mattair on U.S. sanctions on Bashar al-Asad (In Arabic)  
 Middle East In Focus: Pakistan in Disarray: Introspection and Finger-Pointing
 Revisit Amb. Freeman’s comments on West Asia and North Africa on YouTube: 
 Middle East In Focus: Yemen’s Saleh: Should He Stay or Should He Go?  
 Dr. Thomas Mattair’s commentary on Obama’s May 19th Speech: 
 Middle East In Focus: Amid Turmoil, GCC Extends Invitation to Jordan and Morocco: 
 Amb. Chas Freeman on Islam and the West after the death of Bin Laden: 
 (UPDATED) Middle East In Focus: Internal Divisions in Iran 
 Former Council Pres. Amb. Chas Freeman on China’s growing prestige: 
 Middle East In Focus: A New Foreign Policy in Egypt   
 Middle East In Focus: Internal Divisions in Iran...read the media summary here  
 Middle East In Focus: What the Fatah/Hamas Reconciliation Means for the Region...read media summary here   
 Middle East In Focus is our weekly summary of regional coverage of timely news...Read the archive here   
 New speech by former Council president Ambassador Chas W. Freeman "Israel-Palestine: The Consequences of the Conflict" 
 New Middle East In Focus: Reaction in the regional media to Bin Laden's death  
 U.S. policy &  death - the Council journal archive provides background "The New Global Threat: Transnational Salafis and Jihad"
 Full video recording of the 64th Capitol Hill conference now available online      
 Our conference has now concluded.  Please visit www.mepc.org for video, transcript and other content related to this event.
 Last chance to submit Qs related to "The Arab Uprisings and U.S. Policy" at mepcquestions
  "This is the 1st generation with perception of few opportunities inside their countries..creating a pressure cooker situation"
 Q&A session in progress at MEPC conference  Submit online Qs to mepcquestions  
 Barak Barfi and Anthony Cordesman see weakened Iranian hand in the Gulf as  continues 
 Karim Mezran: "The fall of the regime will increase water and food shortages in Libya & expand humanitarian crisis" 
 For any live stream viewers with questions for the panel, please e-mail them now to MepcQuestions
 Karim Mezran  (Amer. Studies Institute, Rome) now speaking live at MEPC Cap. Hill conference here   
  concludes with points about regime, opposition and society at large in  and   
 "I don't know of a single analyst who predicted the fall of the Tunisian regime, including me." Bassam Haddad speaking on Capitol Hill now.
  "The biggest elephant in the room rarely discussed is....demographics."  
  now speaking live at MEPC conference.
 "Iran was emerging as winner of  until recent events materialized in Syria" says Barak Barfi 
 Barak Barfi discusses how Iranian designs on Bahrain are "overblown" live here   
 Barak Barfi from  now speaking live about experiences in  during the recent uprising  
 "There will be some 1789s but a lot more 1848s in the Middle East..." A. Cordesman concluding remarks here  
 "Often times governments who are not democratic do not poll" impacting assessments of the shape of democratic movements - A. Cordesman
 "Polls provide consistent warnings related to corruption in courts" in the Middle East, says speaker Anthony Cordesman 
 CSIS expert Anthony Cordesman now speaking live about Arab Uprisings & polling regional populations   
 MEPC Executive Director Thomas R. Mattair introduces conference topic and speakers live here    
 MEPC president Frank Anderson opens Cap. Hill conference "The Arab Uprisings and U.S Policy" live here  
 Now LIVE on Capitol Hill - "The Arab Uprisings and U.S. Policy"  Click here for live stream until noon EST bit.ly/h27T5L  
 Last day to RSVP for Thurs. conference "The Arab Uprisings and U.S. Policy" at info    
 Differing media viewpoints analyzed in "Palestinian Factionalism & Murders of J. Mer-Khamis and V. Arrigoni"  
 CSIS expert Anthony Cordesman confirmed speaker for Thurs. April 28 Cap Hill Conference.  Read his bio here  
 Barak Barfi & Karim Mezran confirmed speakers for Conf. this Thurs. 9:30am RSVP to info or bookmark livestream 
  Bassam Haddad (George Mason University) confirmed speaker for Thurs. Cap. Hill Conference "The Arab Uprisings and U.S. Policy"
 Bookmark this link for livestream of MEPC Cap. Hill Conference this Thursday  EST     
 Uncertainty in  after Pres. Assad's speech. Will there be meaningful reform, or more conflict around the corner? 
 Is France's recent ban against veils justified? State your view in our online  now   
 Last week France began a prohibition of veils in public places. Learn about the law and its controversy on our website 
 Looking to make sense of the "Arab Spring" and what it means for US policy in the region? Come to our upcoming conference 
 Invitation: The Arab Uprisings And U.S. Policies  via 
 What are the changes and achievements from the first 4 months of the "Arab Spring?"  Learn more on our website:  
 Al Jazeera's Riz Khan interviews MEPC's Thomas Mattair about Saudi Arabia's views on the unrest in the region 
 New interview with Dr. Thomas Mattair on US-UAE relations 
 The Middle East reacts to retractions in the Goldstone Report 
 What lessons can be drawn from the  Spring, and what does the future hold for the Middle East and North Africa? 
  "Nakba" law will add new challenges to its Arab population. What is this law, and what effect will it have? 
 What is the Israeli Peace Initiative, and will it lead to any breakthroughs between  and  
 RT  Prosecutor Goes To Mubarak's Hospital Bed To Resume Questioning 
 RT   woman says on hunger strike over arrests. We have interview w/ her today 
 Full statements from MEPC's discussion on Governance, Human Rights, and American interests in  
 Unlike others in the region,  protests have been snubbed. Will this movement result in any future changes? 
  What current  issue do you feel should take precedence in the Obama administration? 
 Judge Goldstone stated the IDF wasn't guilty of war crimes in Gaza, yet will not rescind his UN report. Read more here 
 Will a Saudi-Iranian conflict emerge over the deployment of GCC troops in   
 After almost a decade of war in Afghanistan, many fear the Taliban may rise again. Why is this, and can it be prevented? 
 BOOK REVIEW: From Coexistence to Conquest, International Law and the Origins of the Arab-Israeli Conflict  
 RT  Scores Of Libyan Immigrants Missing After Boat Capsizes 
 RT  China's growing ties to Saudi Arabia offer the US a chance to reduce its global burdens. 
 RT  Young Palestinians mourn their slain Israeli mentor  
 Is the establishment of a Constitutional Monarchy possible in Morroco and Bahrain? Learn more at 
 Council President Frank Anderson discusses US options in Libya on National Public Radio 
 Read the statement by Shaikh Alkhalifa, media advisor for the Kingdom of Bahrain, at a recent MEPC luncheon: 
 RT  Libyan rebels 'disappointed' by NATO: Rebel commander says coalition forces are not doing enough to protect civi... http: ...
 RT  GE Saudi Water Reuse Summit to Address Kingdom’s Water Challenges: ZAWYA  SUSTG.org 
 RT  How do protests in  affect relations between the United States and  Arabia? 
 Should the United States arm the Libyan rebels? See Frank Anderson's interview on CNN to here to learn more: 
 RT  Reporters Without Borders condemns a catalogue of wrongs in    
 RT  Refugees Tell Of Violence In Rebel-Held Libyan City 
 RT  Could Egypt emerge as an Islamic state in the future? 
 What's going on in Bahrain, and what is the future role of the US in the region? Dr. Thomas Mattair discusses here 
 From the Council Archives: Iran's Strategic Concerns and US Interests 
 Is it possible for the United States and Iran to come to terms on the Nuclear Issue?  What is at stake if they don't? 
 MEPC is home to many leading experts in a variety of topics concerning the Middle East. See what they're saying here: 
 RT  Syria's Leader Defiant In First Speech Since Protests 
 RT  Uganda says it would welcome Gaddafi   
 Have the diplomatic efforts of the United States toward Iran been successful or even practical? Learn more here: 
 What role will the internet have in the future of reform movements in the  Learn from the case of Iran here: 
 Dr. Thomas Mattair discusses Bahrain, unrest in the Middle East, and the future role of the United States in the region 
 What are the strategic implications of the Arab "reawakening?" Ambassador Freeman's remarks to the Asia Business Council 
 Feel like you're behind on news in the Middle East? Get caught up through the Council's "Middle East in Focus" commentary 
 “For those Palestinians who endured beatings in Gaza... the news of a possible reconciliation is a burst of fresh air.” 
 Want to learn more about events in the  Mark Katz's commentary on the  is available on our website! 
 Looking to learn more about  Check the Council's archives! 
 What would an Israeli-Palestinian breakthrough look like? Dr. Alon Ben-Meir offers insight here:  
 MEPC's website was recognized as "Best in Class" for non-profit organizations. Read more and see the website here: 
 The Middle East Policy Council was selected "Best in Class" among non-profit organization websites in the most recent Interactive Media...
 The MENA region is deeply conflicted about the UNSC resolution to enforce a no-fly zone over Libya- learn more here 
 What role did the US have in Israel's development of nuclear weapons? Jeremy Salt of the University of Ankara weighs in 
 Turkey-Israel relations have soured since the attack on an aid ship destined for Gaza. Why does this relationship matter? 
 With an expected 77% population increase by 2050, Saudi Arabia may not have enough resources to feed its people. More at 
 Chas Freeman on National Security in the age of terror. What are the dangers, and what can we do to stay safe? Read more: 
 Was civilian suffering an instrumental aspect of the strategies followed by Israel in the Gaza War? Read more: 
 What is the role of US Policy in the development of Muslim democracies?  Learn more here: 
 Don't forget to follow us on Facebook as well as Twitter for the most up-to-date scholarly analysis on  events 
 On  many activists and columnists voiced their opinions on the role of women in the Middle East 
 Mark Katz: Lessons of the Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan 
 Freeman: "The $859 billion committed to the "Global War on Terror" has yet to win us a significant victory anywhere." 
 Read the latest from MEPC Timely Articles: J-Street Holds Annual Conference Amid Controversy   
 In honor of  learn more about the diverse roles and aspirations of Middle Eastern and Muslim Women 
 Anderson: "no question in my mind that Moammar Gadhafi authorized the bombing of Pan Am 103."  
 Executive Director Thomas Mattair talks about US policy toward   (Arabic)
 The Spring 2011 edition of Middle East Policy is about to be released! Learn more here:  
 Freeman: There is greater congruity between Western and Arab interests in the Israel-Palestine dispute than is recognized 
 Scott McConnell weighs in on whether the US relationship with  is worth the cost: 
 Book Review- Turkey, Islam, Nationalism, and Modernity: A History 1789-2007 
 Book Review- The Balfour Declaration: The Origins of the Arab-Israeli Conflict    
 Timely articles: Who Will Lead Egypt?     
 From the Topics Archive: issues relating to  in the Middle East 
 From the Topics Archive: Issues relating to US/Middle Eastern Diplomacy 
 Journal Essay:  and the United States: A Faustian Pact?   
 Timely Articles: What Should the West Do About    
 From the Archives- Gaddafi's Libya: The Limits of Optimism    
 Sign up for our online newsletter for periodic updates and insights from the journal, as well as timely articles 
 Topics: U.S. Policy and National Interest   
 Timely Articles: Reaction to US Veto of UNSC Resolution on Israeli Settlements   
 The Middle East in 2025: Implications for US Policy   
 Commentary:  in a post- Middle East:    
 Commentary: Mark Katz speaks on  and the  uprisings of 2011:    
 Timely Articles: Middle East Turmoil- Saudi Arabia apart from the rest?   
  commentary from the council archives: 
 Some perspective on  from the Council archives 
 Some images from the photo gallery of our educational initiative, Teach  
 War on Terror in Perspective- Bush and Obama: Parallels with the Past 
 Winter Update: a look back on what MEPC has covered over the past few months and where we're headed next: 
 Timely articles: news stories that have been overlooked; elections in Palestine and a Hezbollah-led government in Lebanon 
 Senior Fellow Mark Katz to speak on  and the  uprisings of 2011  Tuesday, Feb. 15
 Council Archives: Editor Anne Joyce discusses linkages in the Middle East    
 Mark Katz: The  Uprisings of 2011 and the War on Terror:   
 From Teach Mideast: A look at the history of Islam in  and North Africa: 
 Timely Articles: US Role in the Middle East takes a hit   
 Mark Katz  in perspective: (How) Will it End?  
 The  archives: American Aid to Egypt, 1979-1996: Peace Without Development    
 MEPC Executive Director Thomas Mattair discusses the political situation in     
 From the Middle East Policy Council's Egypt Archives: Challenges to the Military in    
 Timely Articles: Ripple effects of the turmoil in    
 New Book Review - "After War: The Political Economy of Exporting Democracy" 
 The  Archives - Dissident Saad Ibrahim from the Council's 2005 Conference    
 The  Archives - Revisiting a Council Conference "Democracy: Rising Tide or Mirage?"   
 Remember to follow us on Facebook as well as Twitter for additional scholarly analysis on the Middle East  
 MEPC timely articles: "Palestine Papers" a game changer in the Middle East?   
 Further reading on  from the Middle East Policy Council archives  
 Some perspective on  from the Council archives:  
 Mark Katz's latest piece on the future dimensions of the   
 Event Recap: Conference Video Available  via 
 What does Tunisia's  mean for MENA nations? Learn more on our website   
 Full transcript of our conference on   peace is now available on our website  
 Some perspective on the protests in  from the Council archives   
 In case you missed it, the full video of our conference on   peace is now available on our website 
 Learn more about   through our online photo gallery at Teach Mideast  
 Read Mark Katz's latest piece on local and regional conflicts that relate to the    
 If you attended or watched our conference on   peace, please send any comments or suggestions to info
 Conference on   peace question session will be live soon- send questions to mepcquestions
 Katulis "The  peace initiative (2002) is an interesting formulation that never really got the attention it deserved"  
 Katulis: "The  are using language the  administration has used in regards to the peace process" 
 Katulis: "We may be looking at the end of a viable 2-state solution. The clock is definitely ticking"  
 Brian Katulis, Senior Fellow at the Center for American Progress, now live at 
 Wilcox "The  does not have the experience among its staff that it needs- someone needs to take the lead"  
 Wilcox: "Success in bringing peace to the   conflict will make it easier to address the  nuclear program."
 Wilcox: "A powerful offer of  reunification could not be rejected by   
 Wilcox: "We must realize that the   does not share the values of a considerable portion of the  leadership" 
 Wilcox: "Addressing the issues piecemeal is not a good idea- achieving peace will not be possible unless all issues are addressed" 
 Wilcox: "We must reverse a 40 year policy of  occupation in order to move forward and make peace"  
 Philip Wilcox, President of the Foundation for Middle East Peace, now live at   
 Anderson: "The only way forward is for the US to press its own side in the   conflict"  
 Anderson: "It's time for the US to present its own outline for an acceptable settlement, incremental or step-by-step measures will not work"
 Anderson: "We have the means to overcome their rejection- neither side can long survive without our treasure or diplomatic contributions."
 Anderson: " and  political systems give disproportionate power to the rejectionist elements in their gov."
 Anderson: "I can tell you that all the terrorists I ever knew saw a very clear connection between   and American interests"
 Frank Anderson, President of the Middle East Policy Council, now live at   
 Riedel: "...We must secure peace in order to isolate extremism. Failure to do so means.. extremism will spread."  
 Reidel: "The first key to victory in any conflict is to understand your enemy, and we need to understand our enemy better" 
 Reidel “This conflict (  is a driving force in extremism and is becoming more so every day”  
 Bruce Reidel, Senior Fellow of the Saban Center for Middle East Policy at the Brookings Institution, now live at 
 Thomas Mattair,Executive Director of the Middle East Policy Council, now live at   
 DC conference viewers watching our live feed (available at ) may send questions to mepcquestions
 Capitol Hill Conference on   peace going live in 20 minutes- view it here  
 Not in DC on the 20th?  View our conference through live streaming tomorrow  9:30 ET   
 Capitol Hill conference on   peace is tomorrow- last chance to RSVP info 
 Last Notice: Israeli-Palestinian Peacemaking  via 
 Jan. 20 Capitol Hill conference on   peace will be available through live stream   
 Some perspective on Tunisia from the Council archive 
 Reminder:Capitol Hill conference on   peace in 2 days, RSVP now info  
 Our Capitol Hill conference is in two days- RSVP through info or get more info here:   
 Now Offering Live Stream: Israeli-Palestinian Peacemaking  via 
 Less than one week until our 63rd conference - have you reserved a spot yet?  info   
 Learn more about current  issues at our educational initiative, Teach Mideast 
 Read Senior Fellow Mark Katz's piece on  and the War on Terror   
 RSVP for our Capitol Hill conference on Israeli-Palestinian Peace Jan. 20th 9:30-1 info  
 Read Senior Fellow Mark Katz's piece on Israel/Palestine & the War on Terror     
 Read Senior Fellow Mark Katz's piece on Israel/Palestine & the War on Terror      
 Join us at our 63rd conf. on 1/20 Israeli/Palestinian Peace: What is the US security interest and how can it be achieved? 
 Join us at our 63rd conf. on 1/20 Israeli/Palestinian Peace: What is the US security interest and how can it be achieved?  
 Israeli-Palestinian Peacemaking  via 
 Journal editor Anne Joyce's letter from the Winter journal live now  
 An Appeal to Supporters of the Middle East Policy Council  via 
 An Appeal to Supporters of the Middle East Policy Council  via 
 An Appeal to Supporters of the Middle East Policy Council  via 
 10 Days Left! Please support the Middle East Policy Council with an online gift before the end of 2010 
 Two Weeks Left: Support the Council with an End of Year gift here 
 An Appeal from the Council - Learn more about an important end of year effort 
 NYT op-ed by former MEPC president Chas Freeman "Why Iran Loves Wikileaks"  Read it here 
 What topics should we cover at the 2011 Capitol Hill conferences? Come to Facebook and join the discussion. 
 From the Winter 2010 journal! Scott McConnell's "The Special Relationship with  Is It Worth the Costs?"Read it 
 Mark Katz’s 11th commentary in a weekly series: “Radical Repression” Read it at .  
 Mark Katz’s 10th commentary in a weekly series: “Regional Opposition” Read it at   
 John Burgess reviews John Kiser's book "Commander of the Faithful" about Emir Abd el-Kader 
 Middle East In Focus: "Women in Saudi Arabia". Check it out  
 9th commentary in the weekly Fall series " on Terror in Perspective" by Dr. Mark N. Katz. Read the article at 
 Mark Katz's 8th commentary in a weekly series: "Assessing the Obama strategy toward the ' on Terror'" Read it 
 New Middle East In Focus: Jordan's Parliamentary Elections and the Muslim Brotherhood.  Read it at 
 Executive Director, Dr. Tom Mattair commented on U.S.-Iran relations. Watch the video 
 Fall series "War on Terror in Perspective" continues - 7th article in a series by Dr. Mark N. Katz  
 Middle East In Focus article: "Saudi Offer to Broker Iraq Talks Gets Mixed Reviews".  Read the commentary at 
 Video from the Captiol Hill Conference on Oct. 14 about Middle Eastern Perspectives is now on our website.  Watch it at 
 New video and more news from mepc.org  via 
 Read Ian Siperco's article "Bahrain's  Sectarian Challenge" 
 Chas Freeman, MEPC's President Emeritus released a new book of speeches- “America's Misadventures in the Middle East.”
 G.J.H. Dowling reviews Robert Vitalis’s book “America’s Kingdom: Mythmaking on the Saudi Oil Frontier” Read 
 Fall series "War on Terror in Perspective" continues - 6th article in a series by Dr. Mark N. Katz 
 New section "In Focus" looks at Middle East media reaction to Wikileaks 
 Chas Freeman addresses lessons that have come from failed interventions in the  in his speech last Thursday.See 
 Mark Katz's 5th commentary in a weekly series: "The U.S. and Democratization in Afghanistan." Read it at 
 The transcript from the 62nd Capitol Hill Conference  is online!  See what panelists said about  perspectives 
 Middle East in Focus: Lebanon on the Brink...Again? Read it at   
 Mark Katz's 4th commentary in a weekly series: "The U.S. and Democratization in Iraq". Read it at 
 Book Review: Ramazan Hakki Oztan comments on Sune Haugbolle's book War and Memory in Lebanon. Read the review   
 Middle East in Focus: Egypt Parliamentary Elections. Check it out   
 Capitol Hill Conference today! 9:30-noon Rayburn House Office Building 
 Capitol Hill Conference tomorrow, Oct 14.  James Zogby confirmed speaker.  RSVP now info
 Mark Katz's 3rd commentary in a weekly series: Bush Strategy for Winning the "War on Terror" Read it at 
 Reminder "Middle Eastern Perspectives on the United States" Capitol Hill Conference Thurs Oct 14 9:30-noon. 
  could become the intermediary between  and the U.S. Check out the story 
 Scott Liddle reviews Ray Takeyh’s book Guardians of the Revolution. Read it at  
 Save the date! October 14th 9:30-noon–62nd Capitol Hill Conference--Middle Eastern Perspectives on the United States. RSVP info
 Check out Middle East In Focus: Sectarian Tensions in the Gulf.   
 New weekly online feature - Middle East In Focus looks at underreported stories from the region. Learn more www.mepc.org
 Mark Katz's 2nd commentary in a weekly series: What is the "War on Terror?" How long will it be? Read it at 
 MEPC president Frank Anderson reviews Mark Perry's Talking to Terrorists.  
 Do Turkish- relations affect the chance of peace between Israel &  Read Hasan Kosebalaban's article.
 Middle East Policy editor-in-chief Anne Joyce discusses linkage in her editorial. Read it at 
 Visiting Senior Fellow Mark Katz addresses the  on Terror.  Read his commentary    
 Our newest journal has been released! Check out Middle East Policy Volume XVII, Fall 2010, Number 3. www.mepc.org/journal
 Jordanian Al-Sabeel newspaper interviews Hamas leader Khaled Mesah’al 
 Gadahn's rise in Al-Qaeda shows internet as a tool to convert Westerners to terror organizations. Read  
 Preview: Jordanian-Israeli Relationship. Treaty not leading to greater peace in the region.  
 U.S. and  try to improve positive image in the  Look at 
  productions laws caught in the past as  economy moves forward.  Preview article. 
  developing massive national  defense program to be active by 2013. Learn more 
 Peter Gubser reviews Benny Morris’s book One State, Two State: Resolving the Israeli/Palestinian conflict. 
  often victim of terrorism, but they may be instigators as well. Read Jewish Terrorism in Israel  
 Saudi Peace plan reinvents old idea of land for peace. Read the 2002 article by Graham Fuller. 
  & U.S. to blame for breakdown of Arab-Israeli peace process.From the 2001 archive read, Stephen Zune's article. 
 Thomas Mattair offers recommendations for Arab-Israeli policy that will lead to peace. Revisit this 1992 article 
 Learn about the Arab-Israeli peace process over the years. Middle East Policy features 3 articles from the archive 
 Diplomacy & Changing Opinions of the U.S. in the  Peter Krause & Stephen Van Evera's article  
 Syrian leader gaining power and prestige-Check out David Lesch's article 
 Preview: Unemployment in the Gulf.  Economic difficulties affecting more than just the U.S.   
 How Russia and  relate could determine how the U.S. relates to them. Preview Mark Katz article. 
 Sovereign Wealth Funds control $3 trillion in   Preview Phillip Winder's article at 
 Nukes? Sanctions? Why is 2010 the Year of Iran? Investigate the claim in Thomas Mattair's United States and Iran  
 Is Iraq ready to be on its own? Poland's The Republic interviews Thomas Mattair 
 Chas Freeman in Oslo - Read his speech on prospects for Israeli - Palestinian peace   
 Featured Book Review: Juan Cole's Engaging the Middle East
 Fall 2010 Journal Preview: Jeremy Salt reviews U.S. support for Israel's nuclear program 
 Weekend interview on Al-Jazeera by Thomas Mattair - check out the new MEPC YouTube channel 
 Exclusive commentary from Nat Kern about Israeli-Palestinian direct talks 
 Video posted from last Hill forum  
 New Site Launch!  Visit the new mepc.org for the latest journal, articles & commentary, Hill forums and more.
 Ian Siperco looks at Egypt's 2011 presidential elections  mepc.org
 Former MEPC President Freeman speaks at Nixon Center 
 TOMORROW 7/13    &  speak on U.S. Policies toward  and  What are the Linkages?- www.mepc.org
 SAVE THE DATE 7/13 Capitol Hill Conference Series "U.S. Policies toward Israel and Iran: What are the Linkages?”
  account of  raid is called into question by eyewitness: 
  authorities claim that detainees released from  prisons are responsible for upswing of    
 Surprised by events in the Middle East? Maybe you aren't READING the right things!        
 RT  Why Israel supports watered-down Iran nuclear sanctions. from The Christian Science Monitor -   ...
  in  deploy boycott on all goods produced by  settlements, upsetting settlers: 
 Hezbollah-made tour of  Movement in South  aims to increase patriotism and support for  
  gets deal to build house compounds in  other deals in the works.  Border disputes rise: 
  denied entry to speak at Bir Zeit University in  read his remarks here: 
  urges West to be flexible w/  but new  are still discussed  
  border troops mistook  soldiers as   rebels resulting in a 90-minute gunfight: 
 Rising  demand for power generation in  states may result in their need to import gas in near future: 
 RT  Read about today's Clinton/Karzai event and watch live at:   
  Tom Mattair in a recent interview discusses how  will continue to play a role in  and the region: 
 Checkout pic's from our latest capitol hill conference:   The conference transcript is also posted: 
 Israeli court documents give some detail on how & why  maintains its  blockade. Read more here:  
  Deputy Secretary Gen. says it has the right to have missiles for defense, feels no immediate threat of  
  defense minister says it now has short-range anti-Cruise  capabilities and will be soon implemented. 
 RT   rejects allegations  is developing nukes: "not a single credible proof"    ...
  leader says the group will continue to amass "arms of resistance." Read why here:  
 Former Iranian Prime Minister Mousavi calls gov't oppression of  as "un-Islamic."     
  Prime Minister  takes a new approach; a balance of cooperating w/  & confronting it: 
  says it is prepared to defend itself from  but doesn't see a war in the near future:  
 A leader of the Iraqiya bloc declined an invitation by Al-Maliki's coalition to switch sides to be new president:  
  against  brings  into focus as a major trading hub, with potential loopholes. 
 Unedited transcript from MEPC's last conference "Gulf Oil & Gas" is up on the website. Check it out here:   
  says time is ripe for engagement with  but warns time is running out: 
  now pushing proposal for a  state with temporary borders   
 UN pushing  to further ease blockade on  Palestinian's are still suffering according to Ban Ki-moon 
 U.S. Intel Agencies see no indication that  supplied  w/ scud missiles - cannot confirm  claim. 
 The Inflated Threat from  | Stephen M. Walt:  via 
 Increase in  prices providing economic  in some  countries but hurdles exist. Find out more here: 
 This Thursday, April 22, is the big day! If you haven't already, RSVP to attend MEPC's  Find out more here: 
  network leader claims that effectiveness of US  strikes decreased 90% since suicide strike on CIA 
 Article looks at how  and  are striving for influence in  as US draws down, focus on elections: 
 Saudi Arabia's leading Ulema Council declared a Sharia Fatwa that terrorism & its financing are criminal acts: 
 Haaretz editorial looks at the details of new  order that can lead to thousands deported from the   
 Middle East Policy Council invites those interested to 60th Capitol Hill Conference Series "Gulf Oil & Gas: What are.." 
 Article looks at the future of US-Iran relations,  will play a pivotal role in the diplomacy & politics 
 Shift in US Foreign Policy aims to converse with  about edu., health, business, etc. and not just  
 Obama bans Islam, jihad from national security strategy:    
 Leading  operative chides Hizballah for protecting  by hindering AQ operations there 
 MEPC's Dr. Thomas Mattair interviewed by Russia Today about recent  settlement implications. Watch it here: 
 SAVE THE DATE: MEPC's Capitol Hill Conference Series: "Gulf Oil & Gas: What are the Producers Thinking?" April 22, 2010  2168 Rayburn HOB
 US votes against all three resolutions condemning  that passed in the UN Human Rights Council  
 Arab League chief to present proposal on Saturday that aims at curbing Iranian influence in region.   
 Ban Ki-moon says  settlement plan is creating "gap of trust and confidence"   
 Ambassador & former MEPC Pres. Chas Freeman gives speech on what has become of  diplomacy & how it should change: 
 SUSRIS exclusive interview w/ Ambassador & former MEPC President Chas Freeman - describes recent events in the  
 RT  Filasteen: A conversation with Chas Freeman: From SUSRIS:
 New Poll of US Jews on  from  - 4 of 5 want active US role to resolve conflicts. Lots more: 
 Just added myself to the  twitter directory under:      
 Nir Rosen argues that the sectarian war in  is over. Iraq gov't is gaining more authority.  
 Arab world losing hope that Obama administration will accomplish any sort of long-desired peace in  &  
