 Dark Knight in Oakland this weekend:  
 Meet the Countries in the Triple A Debt Club:  
 Remarriage cause portability problems under estate tax exemption:  
 From USA Today, Debt-Limit Wearing on Americans:  
 5  401(k) mistakes to avoid:  
 Pittsburgh's Post offices wind up on possible closure list:  
 Ten Best Investments if the U.S. Defaults according to 24/7 Wallstreet: 
 Three Stealth Tax Traps:  
 Case | Sabatini Welcomes Leslie C. Fink - 
 The Print Management Group Ltd., For All Your Printing Needs! - 
 Mosites Co. counts on Target to draw traffic to Pittsburgh's East End  via 
 Awesome Foundation of Pittsburgh:  
 IRS discontinues High-Low Method for Substantiating Travel Expenses: 
 IRS Discontinues High-Low Method for Substantiating Travel Expenses 
 Atlantis Landed and Ends NASA's Shuttle Era:  
 Hot weather/Cool Idea - PJM puts electricity users on Hot Weather alert:
 IRS seeking comments on updated rules for IRS Communications with Appeals Office:  
 Fill 'er up, with natural gas please:  
 Q2 Tech Investments hit 7.5 Billion:  
 Mylan confirms new headquarters search:  
 Pitt receives $67.3 million grant:  
 Moody's suggests that U.S. eliminate debt ceiling:  
 How to buy a business computer:  
 Moody's puts U.S. ratings on review for downgrade:  
 As talks stall, new debt plan offered:  
 Rick Hyde will volunteer at the Greater Pgh. Comm. Food Bank.  Email volops and place 'Produce to People' in the subject heading.
 Buzz Kill, Fan may owe taxes on returning Jeter's 3,000th:  
 Laptops, Tablets and Smartphones, How to work outdoors and truly be mobile!  
 Pittsburgh, one of the World's most affordable cities:  
 Estate Tax or Carryover basis?  
 "Everyone's Oil Depletion Allowance" makes Fuel Efficient Cars a Tax Free Profit Center for Businesses:  
 USA vs. Brazil, video winning goal on You Tube:  
 Route 51 and 88 closures begin today:  
 Mellon's dramatic departure from consumer banking in 2001 created winners and losers:  
 Fish Commission to Lease Waterways for Gas Drilling:  
 Pittsburgh ranks as one of top 10 film producing cities nationwide!  One casting in Greentree now:  
 Pirates Fever on the Rise again in Pittsburgh:  
 Marcellus firm details water disposal plans for EPA:  
 A Pittsburgh'er App Pittsburgh Newbies, Absolutely!  PS, Welcome Newbies: 
 Washington County Authority Approves Financing:  
 How to Recover Lost Data:  
 Basic test to determine whether LIFO is good for your organization:  
 Oakmont-based Metis Secure Solutions, LLC inks sales partnership - 
 Higher education costs, how to get the best tax treatment: Preparing for College: 
 Tuition, Tech Fees to rise 9% in state-owned universities: 
 Preparing for College:  
 Chase Opens Auto Finance Office in Monroeville:  
 IRS increases mileage rate to 55.5 per mile: 
 Pennsylvania, one of 5 Tax Friendly States for Retirees, 2011:  
 Thanks to Mike Roth for registering on our team for Light the Night charity walk!  Way to go Mike!  Who's next?
 Why your business needs a policy for remote workers:  
 Excitement Building as Jim Crivelli Gets Ready to Sell Electric Chevy Volt - 
 My Space sold for 35 Million:  
 You are never too young or too old for business school:  
 RT   can I have a retweet because today is my 19th birthday! :)
 Price of natural gas coming down:  
 Becoming a parent, Financial Considerations:  
 Hefren Tillotson Welcomes Third Generation Davis - 
 Excitement Building as Jim Crivelli Gets Ready to Sell Electric Chevy Volt - 
 8 Russian Officials visit Pittsburgh to study the economic turnaround from declining steel town to technology hub:   
 Getting Married or Divorced?  Some financial guidelines:  
 Highmark and West Penn Cement the Deal:  
 Flight 1549 3D Recreation in the Hudson River, amazing.  Like you were on the plane:  
 Region's jobless rate hits 7% - 
 Happy 70th Birthday Cheerios:  
 Howard Hanna Purchases another PA Real Estate Agency:  
 Shark jumps Surfer - Is he protesting "Jump the Shark"?  
 How Laziness Can Cost you Money:  
 Important update:  IRS announced today increased mileage rate to 55.5 cents per mile:  
 Goodbye for now to the new friends made at PLCM Conference in Erie.  Looking forward to seeing you again!
 Gotta love modern technology.  Tiny Camera reveals inside of ancient Mayan tomb:  
 RT  Weird Wide Web: A Russian woman who woke up at her own funeral immediately died of shock.  
 Proof of The Power of Social Media - Kanzius Cancer Research Foundation wins the $250,000 Pepsi Everything Grant:  
 Very pleased to meet Mark Neidig, Executive Dir of Kanzius Cancer Research Foundation, more to follow shortly
 Annual 'Sardine Run' off South Africa an unforgettable thrill for divers 
 Have no fear, how to prepare for an office audit:  
 Enjoying meeting all the Conference for PA League of Cities and Municipalities!  Thanks Brenda of Print for all the intros.
 Two by two: A real-life Noah’s Ark | The Upshot Yahoo! News 
 Camera that will allow photos to be refocused:  
 10 Best Colleges for the Money:  
 A Hole in One Story You Have to Read About 
 Bedford Springs, What a Nice Place To Meet New Friends - 
 Employee or Independent Contractor?  
 Nearly 900,000 fewer deaths from cancer since the 1990's - 
 Ten must have Firefox extensions:  
 Private Eye delivers life changing news to a homeless man:  
 How to stay connected online, even from remote areas:  
 New Naval Operation Chief of Staff, Butler grad and Steelers fan, Awesome article: 
 Heartwarming video that warrants retweeting:  Humble Korea’s Got Talent contestant becomes sensation :  via 
 Korea’s Got Talent contestant becomes toast of media, YouTube sensation :  via 
 25 Highest Paid Musicians:  
 Much Better news on Port Authority, No more service or job cuts: 
 Pittsburgh's Peters Township, a medical mecca in the making, and a great place to live:  
 Shadyside's new restaurant spices things up with another choice for Mexican eateries:  
 5 non-financial risks that could threaten one's retirement security:  
 Beck, turning tragic plane crash to triumph:  
 Nora and Lee Sheffield register, who's next?  Participate in Light the Night walk for cancer at 
 Lynn Nizan and Rose Estes, register for the walk.  Who's next?
 Thanks Michael C. Hall, 2011 Ambassador for Light the Night Walk, for your personal Hodgkin Lymphoma you tube message:  
 Case | Sabatini just created their team.  Participate in Light the Night walk for cancer at 
 F.N.B. to acquire Parkville Financial Corp., making it Pittsburgh region's 4th largest bank by deposits:  
 Downtown Pittsburgh Booms, becoming more attractive:  
 Pittsburgh, one of the top 6 of cities in the U.S. for kayaking:  
 The winner of the outstanding local entrepreneur is:  
 RT  Google ends search feature www.Google.com/UncleSam.... without notice:  via 
 McCandless Software Firm to Double Staff:  
 Aerotropolis, could it be the next Pittsburgh Airport development possibility?  
 Congratulations to Heinz, who's new packaging wins awards:  
 Howard Hanna real estate volume up 31% from May of 2010:  
 Westinghouse to work on Bulgaria Nuclear Plants:  
 West Penn Allegheny gets medical school: 
 Congratulations to Mark, Ed, Scott and Josie.  With today's new engagement, Case|Sabatini now audits 33% of the COG's in Allegheny County.
 Attorneys from Reed Smith and K&L Gates handle 1.7 billion Marcellus buy on June 2:  
 Five Mistakes most make when doing a PC Upgrad, and how to do them correctly:  
 Not Burgers, But eFiles - the IRS has One Billion Served:  
 Wisconsin Bike sharing co., could wind up helping Pittsburgh with transportation problems:  
  You are very welcome.  Thanks for all the good posts about Pittsburgh!
 Ayers Foundation donating 100,000 to Zeliople in the name of James Ayers:  
  as a kayak enthusiast, I would agree!
 Breaking News - Texas based Exxon buys 2 Marcellus companies for 1.69 Billion:  
 Say it isn't so.  GM CEO calls for $1 a gal. gas tax hike (A call we hope no one answers):  
 EPA set to help Riverside Center:  
 Congratulations to Canonsburg based Mylan, who receives approval for generic Alzheimer's drug:  
 The economy's better, so why are 401(k) loans up?  
 Highmark could insure patients AND care for them.  Could be big changes:  
  LOL, Used to protect them "on deck" (no pun) from pool deck bacteria.  They also have "swim parka's", to keep warm.
 Shell Oil may build plant in region:  
  Competitive Swimming!!!
 Five Excel Nightmares and how to fix them:  
 West Penn Power jobs shuffled:  
 Ten ways to boost your smart phone's battery life:  
 Pittsburgh is now a finalist, one of 4, to be selected for the Young Leader's Conference in 2012:  
 Just added myself to the  twitter directory under:  
 Highmark preparing to buy West Penn Allegheny Health Care System:  
 Baby Boomers. . .Real Estate for the Right Reasons: 
 RT  "Don't lower your expectations to meet your performance. Raise your level of performance to meet your expectations." Ma ...
 Pittsburgh, the sole U.S. contender to host the 2012 One Young World international summit:  
 Three Pittsburgh Companies named in top 100 of worldwide companies by COI Magazine:  
 When the economy falters, what does an investor do? 
 
 Job increases continue across Pittsburgh:  
 Hooray!  Pittsburgh Home Prices Remain Positive:  
 Plan carefully so your 401(k) doesn't flounder:  
 PNC's plan for 40 story skyscraper downtown could be part of a Golden Triangle Revival:  
 The Wall Street Journal reports on a New Push to Protect Spouses:  
 Kudos to Pittsburghers for making it best donation year for United Way since 2003!  
 Relax and enjoy, tips for the ultimate BBQ, take a peek and learn secrets from the pros:  
 Nasty Tax Surprises on Retirement Loans:  
 Plug in electric cars get a jolt from tax incentives:  
 Should surplus state funds be allocated to our schools?  Decide for yourself, 
 T. W. Phillips acquired by Steel River, renamed Peoples TWP:  
  Thanks for sharing this information and updating us all.  It makes total sense that using the promoted tweets...
 New Grads, tips for starting our first job:  
 RT  Trust is the most essential ingredient in effective communication, it's the glue that holds all relationships together.
 Mitigating, the growing threat to sensitive data, 21st Century Mobile Devices:  
 12 Big Changes in Perception about Retirement:  
 Six Things that block your wifi and how to fix them!!!  
 Hello to all my new friends from APMM Conference in Bedford Springs.
 The future, according to CEO's:  
 Health Costs to rise 8.5% in 2012:  
 Client agreements, saying too little or too much?  Saying the right thing is what counts, 
 Mortgage rates lowest since December:  
 Lockheed Martin and CMU become cyber security lab partners:  
 Sitting with Scott Grant and Josephine Rock at the APMM Convention!!!!  Wish you were here!
 Will be tweeting updates during the conference from twitter  follow us!  Let's connect.
 Looking forward to APMM conference in Bedford Springs starting tomorrow.
 Watch for our tweets, direct from the APMM conference at the Omni Resort in Bedford Springs from 5/17 thru 5/19!
 how to use excess 529 College Savings Funds: 
 Why older workers are Creating their Own jobs:  
 Take the Survey from Business Pulse:  Where are gas prices headed in the next 3 months?  
 3 Retirement Rules you should not ignore, from U. S. News & World Report:  
 A Trip Around the Moon: Yours for $150 Million - Technology Review 
 Oil tumbles as U.S. supplies rise and demand falls  via 
 Expansion planned at airport area business park, from post gazzette.com:  
 400 Highest Income Americans took record share of capital gains.  Warren Buffet pays less than his secretary!  
 Construction begins on pedestrian bridge between Shadyside and East Liberty:  
 Alcoa unveils smog eating building.  
 Good news, PA property owners 2011-12 school property tax reduced by 612.1 million, courtesy of casinos:  
 Microsoft buys Skype for 8.5 Billion, largest in it's history.  More on their top 10 acquisitions:  
 Keep up to date!  Make sure you sign up for the newsletter.  You can sign up on the website, www.casesabatini.com,...: 
 You can afford a great retirement spot!  Learn more about 10 great Bargain ones:  
 I created group Case | Sabatini on Linkedin.: 
 Point Park's Workplace MBA, Some continue their education just by walking down the hall:  
 
 6 tips to plan for retirement years:  
 In your 40's?  Not too early to plan for retirement.  Here are some great tips to start:  
 RT  This could be happen to you if you don't have a secure Wireless Network!   ...
 Learn from the estate planning mistakes of Princess Diana, Sonny Bono, Heath Ledger:   
 Estate Planning, Certain Uncertainty. 
 Simple rules for tax disputes:  
 Cloud computing?  Protect company data held by 3rd parties:  
 Learn from departing employees - 
 Fed's chase after defaulted Student Loans:  
 10 MILLION DOLLAR SKYSCRAPER, DOWNTOWN PGH., SOLD FOR $1,700, Read more at 
 News from CNN Money, Treasury extends debt ceiling to Aug. 2, 
 Social media in plain English, 
 Next time stay at a Luxury Hotel for the price of a motel.  Learn more at 
 Using online marketing in Small Business, story at 
 $4 Gas upsetting consumers.  Learn more at 
 IRS rules expanded on deductible Home Equity debt.  Learn more at .
 See Kelly, Lynn, Debbie and Angie of Case | Sabatini, on Channel 4 at 6:00 pm.  Filmed at Lydia's Restaurant this afternoon!!!
 Play an interactive accounting crossword at 
 Register for our free bi-weekly newsletter at www.casesabatini.com
 Mobile apps to save green and GO Green!  Click to learn more at 
 A great tool to see.  An easy to use payroll calculator at  
 Case | Sabatini welcomes new hires.  View press release at 
 Sleep tight when tax records are secure!  Learn more and view full article at 
 Wishing everyone a Happy Easter!
 Don't Overlook a Roth IRA if You're Self-Employed!  
 What Does it Mean if the IRS Files a Lien? 
 Help Avoid an Audit by Knowing the Red Flags 
 RT  IRS WARNS of a Phishing Scam. If you receive this email, delete it! 
 How the New Wealth Taxes Will Hit You   
 From our firm's latest newsletter:  College Graduate Financial Checklist  
 5 Ways to Ensure Mediocrity in Your Organization 
 Great WSJ article on employee reviews & why they're often detrimental 
 "Accountant: Armstrong School District surplus is legitimate" Our governmental CPA, Ed Gardner, clears things up: 
 Accounting Error Costs Yankees $10k each!   Hey Yankees: Our firm is available once you fire your accountants!
 All About "Key Employee Insurance" -- 
 How to Improve Your Audit Committee -- 
 Taxes and Selling on the Internet  
 For Contractors: Responsibility on a Multi-Employer Job Site  
 Get Your Business Ready to Ride the Recovery Wave!! 
 6 Audit Red Flags:  
 Stock Market Volatility and Your Estate  
 U.S. Senate approves rapid tax deduction for Haiti relief contributions  
 Tax Planning for a Home in the Event of Divorce  
 Contractors: Shift Tax Treatment on Disability Insurance 
 Estate Tax Is Dead (For Now): What to Do?  
 Pennsylvania Slots Take Exceeded Atlantic City's in December   
 Via MSN:  IRS to expand audits as cash runs low  
 Home builders remain pessimistic  
 Red Flags That Can Trigger an IRS Audit  
 COBRA Subsidy Extended for Out-of-Work Americans  
   Thanks for the tweet about contractor certifications. We have a ton of contractor clients, so I tweeted that, too!
 RT  New Contractor Certification May Cost You More: Starting in April, the EPA is requiring all contractors to take sp...  ...
 10 Astute Tax Moves in 2010  >>  
 Nurse Outduels IRS Over M.B.A. Tuition  
 Keep Tabs on Your Living Trust  
  Wow, thanks! :-)
 RT  RT  RSVP 4 a FREE screening of the Omnimax film EXTREME on Sat., Jan. 16. Please RSVP by Jan. 13. http: ...
 Business Cars: How the Sticker Price Affects Tax Deductions  
 Making the Most of a Flexible Spending Arrangement 
 Fine-Tune Marketing Efforts by Eyeballing the Competition  
 Design a Winning Logo  
 Urge Caution for Traveling Staff  
 Layoffs: Avoid Employment Lawsuits   
 Important Tax Figures for 2010  
 Ten Techniques to Increase Your Company's Profits  
 Hire an Expert Cheaply!  
 Build America Bonds: Should They Be Part of Your Portfolio?  
