 Bridge's up!   
 I'm pretty sure cows are the key to just about everything. RT  Are cows the key to renewable fuel? 
 I'm voting! RT  We issued a dessert challenge to 5 amazing food bloggers. Be sure to vote for your favorite!! 
 RT  My answer to the Cabot Cheese dessert challenge! Be a dear and vote for me!: Apple and Cheddar Ice Cream 
 Can't wait to try it! RT  This cheddar brownie from  looks AMAZING! 
 I just put on a sweater...whoohooo! It's cooling down on Spring Cove 
  How cute are you and your hubs?  
 . This is the kind of determination I like to see in a dog. I'll give you a dollar if you don't laugh. 
  The baked zucchini fries are calling my name. I'm going to put some  Cheddar Shake in the panko bread crumbs.
 Those  tweetups were fun. We should do another. RT  I feel like I haven't seen any of you people in years.
     I'm loving your wonderful zucchini suggestions. I'll try the all before summer's over.
 It's that time of year again. I'm looking for zucchini recipes to deal with my bumper crop. What's your favorite?
  Having a wonderful weekend in  and thinking of lovely friends like you, 
 Veggies from the garden...it's what's for dinner.  
 Perfect summer weekend here too. Glad you're having fun! RT  Phenomenal weekend. Hope that your's was too!
  I live in Lobstah Country...no beef today.
 What's for dinner?  
 Ladies and gentlemen...the Beach Boys!  
  Don't let the bedbugs bite!
  Muahhh! ;-}
  Bangin' bangs? (hehehe)
  Thanks, Kristen...you made my (hot & humid) evening!
 Thanks, Dana...How are you holding up in this heat? RT   love your new profie pic, gorgeous!
 Thanks for the Pee & Sympathy! Love you both. oxox RT   that would be not a good place to pass out! Holy stinkers!
 Sunset on record high temps, Portland   
  So funny...I literally did that two years ago at the Boston Greenefest. Passed out cold...or hot, I guess. 
  Love your summery toastada recipe, but be careful! in the kitchen. Yikes!  
  A missed opportunity for "warmest regards." I've signed all my emails today with "Stay cool." So, yeah...stay cool, Bob!
 Chilled green gazpacho with cucumbers, mint, &  Greek Yogurt. Just what the doctor ordered. 
 Good news for Pastafarians and followers of the Flying Spaghetti Monster: 
  Oh, no...you've seen my hair! A big  shout out to you, JG.
 I'm feeling (really) warm & fuzzy with  love. Thanks,     Stay cool!
 It's always a little cooler by the water in   
 Because no matter what the occasion, I always find the perfect gift there.   Portland 
 Because in any emergency, he's ready with the duct tape.  
 Because a city like Portland  needs more Mexican flavor...and Tequila flights.  
 Because he's hilariously funny...and easy on the eyes.  
  Ha! I was just thinking how happy I would be when February rolled around and 90º was a distant memory.
 I didn't. She scares me! But it is pretty funny. RT   LMAO - hope you sent to 
 . I don't have any personal experience with cheese clubs. Anybody else have recommendations?
   Ponytails, braids, French twists, topsy tails, wide cloth headbands. Go frizz-head problem solvers.
  Sending cooling vibes to your barns to cool your beautiful bovines. 
  Sounds like something for baby marsupials, but looks completely brilliant. 
 Hehehehe. The 10 Douchiest Colleges in America: 
 RT  Laura Ingraham: 7 revolting things about American culture 
 Amen! RT  A bittersweet congratulations to the crew of the Space Shuttle as it successfully ends its final mission.
 Too hot for a coat, don't ya think Buddy?  
    I do not understand people like you. I really do not. Cool, dry breezes and a few fluffly clouds for me.
 Just shot coffee out of my nose. RT  Who at the DMV approved this! Lol 
  We' re havin' a heat wave, a tropical heat wave. The temperature's rising, it isn't surprising...It's summer in 
  ¡Hola, Guapo! ¿Cómo estás?
  Tell me about it.
  Please don't tell me that!
  Thanks, Mark. So good to see you this morning!
  I love summer garden dinners. Thanks for the inspiration!
  Wow! That Evil Twin of mine is dying to jump in today! How are you, sweets?
 . Old girls rock too. New post on 50+Fabulous. Sharing Fitness Wisdom: Women to Women. 
  It happened because you're awesome....that's how! Congratulations.  
 Hehehehe. RT   lol then they become locksmiths
  Locked. Out.
  Here's a recipe for Fried Mac & Cheese Balls.  but I like Baked Balls better! 
 If it weren't so close to the truth I might've smacked him. RT   I might smack someone is they called me a white snurf
  If by "hilarious" you mean depressingly true then, yes, totally hilarious. 
 RT  Great abs start in the kitchen.  is important, but a healthy diet will keep you feeling energized and lean via ...
 Or the cake version "it Gets Batter." RT  RT  Working on a pitch for a gay baking show , "It Gets Butter".
 Glad you're in town. Can't wait to come see you. RT   thanks for the follow love Cabots Cheese
  In a fit of anger, my ex-boyfriend told me I look like a white Smurfette.  Sad. And not entirely inaccurate.
 Today's fortune. Best ever.  
 Fashion forward! RT  Rockin' the plaid/print thing.  
 All's fair in summer in  RT  Maine's summer fair season starts this week!
  I have to be a perfect mother-in-law. I always want to be on his good side!
   My SIL is a lobster dealer. Life is good.
 Like Winnie the Pooh, my tummy is rumbling. And there is lobster in my immediate future. 
  You are a true friend.
  Good idea. Duct tape is the answer to most of the world's problems.
 Social media cross-pollination might just make my head explode.
 Yay, cows! (And  farmers, of course.) RT   production up for 17th straight month: 
  "Hail to the V"? Offensive in so many ways...words fail.
 From my deck in the morning . RT  Q10. Most beautiful view in the world. Pic?  
 From here on out, I would like to be referred to as Candace+. 
  Love all you beautiful new stuff!  
 Love this recipe for No-Cook Black Jack Tacos, with  Red. Fat Cheddar & Greek Yogurt! 
 Did you see this  RT  Hot days call for cold soup. Avocado soup from the Cabot kitchens! 
 I just saw my first "back to school" ad. I'm going to kill myself. 
 RT  300 acres. 60 milking cows. 120 cattle. Four children. Meet Cabot Farmers Todd and Danielle Armstrong! 
  Eeeeuwwwww!
 You only saw one? RT  Um was that old man peeing on the side of I95 South?
  Like you? Of course we do. We love you and your funny self!  
 Why is it that the phenomenon of salt and chocolate took this long to become ubiquitous? Not gonna lie, I'm a huge fan.
  I'm slowly checking things off my to-do list, trying to make this a productive week. Onward & upward!
 I am off to the gym before it get ridiculously hot. See you back here later!
 Hi Stacy! Good morning to you. RT  good morning friends!
  Would it help if I declared Monday & Tuesday  Weekend Mulligan?
  Mornin' Liz. We're getting a warm, wet start to the week. Hope yours is full of adventure!
 Thanks, Rebecca. I'm already hearing thunder. RT   gorgeous!
 Hey Georgie! It's Monday...I'm letting my grump flag fly. Where did my weekend go? RT  Morning!
 Today is going to be hot and rainy on Spring Cove  But sunrise is still a treat.  
 On the beach at Kennebunk  It's a puppy paradise.  
 Insulting religion. Who knew the argument could be thoughtful, reasonable and really funny? 
 Hey, Nancy. How can we not be good on a day like today? *waving* RT  How is everyone today?
 Good morning from Spring Cove and the coast of   
 A very large ship heads out of Casco Bay past Spring Cove  Goodbye   
 At Sparkle Clean Car Wash where my  is getting maxi-clean! 
    I'm all about vanilla, chocolate and salted caramel. 
 Thanks. Hope all is well with you and your growing family! RT   Enjoy!
  It couldn't be more beautiful in Cape Elizabeth on Spring Cove. 
  Sunday is National Ice Cream Day. I will not be having Lobster ice cream. Thanks for the heads up!
 Ribbons of clouds at the end of the day on Spring Cove   
  Looks like you're going to have FUN!
 To prr is kitty. RT  To err is human, to arr is pirate.
 We love you and your bovine buddies, Cow Girl! RT  It's cow appreciation day. And for that, I say 'Moo!'
  Netherworlds, no. Nether parts...maybe?
 "Awkward Family Photos: Vacation 2011 Edition" Awkward, indeed. 
 Thanks! According to oldest kid, it makes me look "less old." RT   New Favorite Foodie Face today! I like!
  JG! How's your summer going? I really missed being at Grandmas this year.
 Perfect day on Spring Cove so no complaints. You? RT   good morning! How are you this fine morning
  I think the possibility of a "pleasant flight" has gone the way of the dodo.
 I must have missed this tweet. I prefer to think of myself as iCandace not iCandy. RT   But YOU are Eye Candy!!
  My claim to fame? Toto drummer Jeff Procaro was once in my house & claimed I had a "cool crib." 
 Thanks, Carrie. Remember Sunday is Natl Ice Cream Day. Are you celebrating? RT   I like new pic too. Very nice!
   Thanks for noticing. Happy Friday to you both!
  Dreadful way to celebrate Friday.
 It's Cow Appreciation Day. So to all the beautiful  bovines, thanks for your part in making The World's Best Cheddar!
    Think I'll have a grilled  cheddar sammich with avocado for lunch today. Luv that combo!
 Damn birds. RT  Those birds won't stop singing sweetly.
 Thanks Georgie! My daughter: "It makes you look way less old." Guess I'll take "less old." RT   New avatar! Nice!
 Because The Avocado Queen finally broke down and got a personal Twitter account.  
 They're giving it the old one-two birthday punch. Happy birthday yesterday to  and today to Lisa04040!
 A night honoring our best writers. Maine Writers & Publishers Alliance -  Literary Awards. Inspiring! 
 Steve Abbott preparing to present at The  Writers and Publishers Alliance 2011 Maine Literary Awards  
 Amazing show at Rose Contemporary Gallery in Portland  Go see it!  
 Bastille Day and the birthday of 4 of my favorite people. Must be something about July 14.
 "Dead to Me" hehehe RT  Google+ Circles You’ll Actually Use 
 I hate when that happens. RT  "I left my vagina on the  bus in Boston"...
 I'm feeling nostalgic for the sweet, sweet sounds of the vuvuzela.
 If I never hear the phrase "eye candy" again, it'll be too soon.
 Me too! RT       So happy to meet Mimi & her foodie friends
 Dear Mother Nature: I forgive you for the recent heat wave in  Thanks for this:  
 OK, how pretty is this? The  woods in summer.  
  I had a lobster roll yesterday. It was bliss!
 Yes,please! RT  Cooled, cooked lobsters ready to be shipped out to some hungry people 
  My 29 y.o. "baby" has had her worst asthma summer ever.
 Transformers...farm style.  
 I love it w/bacon on grilled cheese! RT    Love horseradish cheddar in mashed potatoes w/ sour cream.
 Yup, those are the ones. RT   I used to smoke those. my dad referred to them as 'burning garbage-scented'.
 My absolute favorite! RT  It's National Horseradish month. Have you tried Cabot Horseradish cheddar? 
  Morning, Mark. Hope you're surviving the Texas heat! I'm sending cool, soothing vibes your way.
 . French fries...vegetable.  Chili Cheese Fries with  cheddar...the ultimate vegetable! 
  Hi, Jim!
 Let's all celebrate the anniversary of storming the Bastille with a big plate of French Fries and a Gauloise.
  Hi, Joe *waving* How's tricks?
 Let's hear it for cool, fresh air! RT  woo hoo! AC off and windows open to let in some fresh air. Rocking Thursday!
  Let's not forget the  Kick Off Party on Thurs. of race week. You're one busy chef! 
 Yeah, how'd that happen, right? RT  Whoa! Morning!
  While I always love to see a glamor  shot of an avocado, it's great to actually see you on Twitter!
 Good enough for Thomas Jefferson is good enough for me! RT  Starting the day with hybrids. And cheese. 
 I am not a fan of the sub-tropical weather front sitting over Spring Cove  Not one bit.  
 RT  Appetizer anyone? How about a spicy cheddar and roasted pepper spread? Goes great with veggie, crackers or bread! http:// ...
 Hoards of camp kids wandering the streets of the Old Port. Summer in 
 .   Love the new site. You've done Portland proud! 
 Hehehe!. RT  I'm going to create Google+ circles like I do in real life: "Family" and "Other."
 Happy Birthday to Mimi Holtz  Sending New England love to a displaced Vermont girl.
  Saline in the neti pot always works for me.
  A neti pot by any other name would banish the sinus demons. Douche nasally, friend.
 I would like to buy time on all broadcast outlets to run this. Sometimes the truth is funny. Very funny. 
  If you're into celebrating the myriad variations of  try these Cheddar S'mores from  
 Cheese as art. RT  ‘So much cheese, so little time' for cheddar sculptor   
 Chicago is nice, but there's no place like home. Especially if home is Spring Cove   
  My copy should arrive tomorrow. (I am always hungry.)
 Looks like a job for  Cheddar. RT  Secret Ingred. Mango Chutney - Chutney & Cheddar Toasties 
 I like them with Hot Habnero cheddar. Adds a bit of a kick! RT   please send chipmunk with sharp cheddar cheese
  Congratulations!
 I had a crush on my replacement windows for months. RT  Is it wrong to love new windows this much? Gosh, they're pretty...
  I'll give you a glass of wine and we'll stare at the ocean.
 Chicken? Not chipmunk? RT  Dinner tonight - a simple chicken breast with mushrooms. Or perhaps I eat out....
 Even the chipmunks enjoy summer roses and warm ocean breezes on Spring Cove   
  Indeed. It happened to me a while ago. Scared the be-jibbers out of me. I was grateful to make it back.
 There are ladies who lunch, and then there are ladies who nap.  RT  A rare moment! 
  The wind on the water can get so dicey in the afternoon, often on the nicest days. An easy paddle can turn ugly very fast.
 Here's hopin'. Have fun! RT   you'll be gazing over the myriad blooms at Spring Cove soon enough.  :)
  Makes me envious. I'm sitting in O'Hare waiting for a plane. Boss. A plane.
  I know how hard that is, but it all becomes very clear with time. I know that doesn't make it any easier right now.
  I know the feeling. Terrifyingly refreshing or refreshingly terrifying.
 You are my hero! RT  I didn't even turn on my computer today. Who am I??? 
  It had a bit of the Blair Witch Project feel to it.
  It made me throw up in my mouth a little. 
  A guy once broke up with me by fax (in the olden days). So sorry you're going through this. Do NOT feel dumb. It's his issue.
  Just ordered The Long Quiche Goodbye and Lost & Fondue  with one-click. Thanks for the heads-up! 
  Funny, they didn't serve sangria at my summer camp.
  I get  mascara at  You can order it online here:  It is truly magic. No raccoon eyes.
 The ice cream or the mascara? RT   Interesting. Where do I get some to try?
  Let's not wait for a storm, OK?
 Awww, honey. You're at the top of my list. RT   likewise! We are spoiled with you :)
 Thank you, Twitter, for all the amazing people you have brought to my life.
  Right back at ya', my dear.
  It's a gorgeous night here on the coast of Maine. Very dreamy.
  Having been both the Mother of the Bride & Mother of the Groom in the last 7 months, I recommend 
  The coast of Maine (and all of its residents) misses you too!
  Sounds divine. I love coffee or cappuccino-flavored anything. But especially ice cream.
 Having been both the Mother of the Bride and Mother of the Groom in the last 7 months, I recommend 
  Hijack away, sweetie, highjack away.
 Ooooooh, that sounds GOOD! RT  ...cappuccino frozen yogurt.  Have to say I am well fed tonight!
 Pink and blue sunset on Spring Cove   
 Made it for a party on Tues. Fabulous! RT  too hot to cook? This jicama, avocado cheddar salad is it! 
  Robin's toes and my roses match!
 The climbing roses are blooming madly on Spring Cove  
 Great news! RT  One week from today, the SoPo Farmers' Market opens at Thomas Knight Park (near the Snow Squall). Don't miss it!
  Best of luck w/ the new venture. Your Twitter friends all understand. Get back to us whenever. Let us know how we can help.
  Too bad. Though I was shocked to see them in Maine. Nobody here has ever heard of Crab Chips.
  You're so sweet to remember. Thanks for the heads up.
 Words to live by as seen in the  painting department at   
  Come. See. Us!
 "We're all idiots when we're young. We don't think we are, but we are. So we should be." ~Helen Mirren
  Did you talk to Faus at Donnatelli's Tailor Shop on Munjoy Hill?
 You know that joke about  having two seasons: 4th of July and winter? It's kinda true. Finally feels like summer here!
 I need one of these  immediately. I wish  delivered.
 I prefer the term "crazy-vore" myself. RT   so nice to know we are not alone Viva Loca-vore!
 It Twitter Typo Day and evidently I'm leading the charge. But you're a close second  PS From now on I only buy loca ;-}
  I love that the book in the shot with your pretty snap dragons is titled "Easier Living." 
 This cake from  looks so easy, and yummy, even a bakingphobic cooks like me can make it. 
  Gorgeous calla lilies! They're perfect for that spot. Love our Portland  Farmers' Market.
  Thanks for passing this yummy Blueberry Bread Pudding recipe. Can't wait to try it! (via  bit.ly/kUz6uE
 RT  I'd like to work my way thru that list! Top 101 sandwiches in NYC. Cabot Clothbound makes the cut at  
  The dogs I know that really freak out during storms are labs & goldens. My tiny men could not care less. 
  Is there any correlation to size of dog and fear of loud noises & storms? It seems like larger dogs are more affected.
 Send birthday love and good wishes to  'cause she is downright adorable. Maine girls rule. Even when they live in San Francisco.
  Cheddar & Blakes Creamery Ice Cream. Sounds like a visit to Univ. of New Hampshire is in order. 
  Thank you. Honestly, the fireworks next door, which have gone on since Friday, have made me one giant nerve ending.
  M&D have slept  through the last 3 nights of fireworks on the next cove over. They're chillin'. My nerves are shot.
 July 5th cannot come fast enough.
  When Pigs Fly courtesy of Abacus, Portland  after years in the elements. Same artist though.
 Damn! You spoiled the surprise. RT  Can someone make a Nexus 4G magically appear in my mailbox tomorrow?
 Note to self: Make these! RT   Yes with a smidge of vanilla and some honey.
 Are these just yogurt & berries blended? RT  Berry Yogurt pops.  weekend is DONE! 
  The people in the next cove over have been setting off fireworks all weekend. My nerves are shot.
 Storm front headed for Spring Cove   
 My new favorite summer cocktail! RT  Strawberry Muddle: Strawberries, sparkling wine, lemon. Fabulous! 
 Call me a party pooper, but I like the sound of thunder so much better than fireworks.
  You're enjoying CORN!  Oh, wait...I just checked Google. Never mind.
 Lately I've been running old school. No earbuds, no music, no words. Only the music (and voices) in my head. 
 Looks like a bumper crop of hydrangea on Spring Cove this summer.  
 I want a guy who won't bogart the blender. Happy 4th to you & Georgie! RT    Hey, I was taste testing
  Thanks, Carrie. I love this short garlic scape season. Happy Independence Day!
 I am in need of some non-steroidal anti-inflammatories and an hour-long massage. It is unlikely that I will go two for two tonight.
 All the really good ones are taken. RT  Okay!  knows how to drink a margarita! 
  Your last Tweet? Amen.
 Towels? Check. Sunscreen? Check. Book? Check. Yorkies? Check and check.  
 He makes me feel like dancing. RT  Admit it - you're waiting for Leo Sayer to play a Maine State Pier show.
 Watched $4.95 worth of  last night. Thank you, Apple TV.
 Just made a pulled chicken pasta salad for what looks likely to be a cook-in rather than a cook-out tonight.
  Definitely feels like weather coming in here on Spring Cove.
 Yup, that would be the appropriate reaction. RT  make. me. vomit.  
  Congratulations! Happy that you and  got so much accomplished. Hope you can enjoy the rest of the weekend.
  Your kale and roasted potato hash topped with  cheddar sounds amazing. Do you have a recipe?
 Great article on  "Not Being Allowed to Dominate Others Doesn’t Mean You’re Being Oppressed."
 Could it be a nicer day at the Portland  Farmers Market. I don't think so! 
 RT  Portland Press Herald: Saco man is our 'eyes' for historic flight.  <~ You are the MAN,  ...
  I also feel a  Tweetup coming on while you're here. Right, 
 Staking. With force. Really, let's pick a time and place. RT  I'll be in Maine 8/16-8/29.  Stake your claims, people!
  I probably ate from that same cart at the same time of day, but I was older. And evidently stronger.
  Oy!
  There seems no rhyme or reason to what will cause our bodies to rebel.
 I've had FP twice. Worst. Thing. Ever. Feel better. RT  That was a nice 6 hour bout in the fetal position.  :/ 
  No problem. Glad you had a giggle.
  Can you share?
  So glad to hear you're in. Good luck settling in to your new home.
 YES, YES! RT    ooo.. I'd love to tag along!  ;)
 YES! RT   me too! We should "get out" together sometime :)
 I know I do. RT  Wow. Some people need to get out more.
 Because when you say his name aloud, it's got a cool beat.  
 Now there's an idea I can get behind. *poking* RT   I say we all poke you instead. I'll start.
 Yes, they are a very cute couple, but really Canada, is all the hoopla necessary? I guess it will be worse in LA. Much worse.
  OMG, I totally want a Watermelon Basket. It is divine! Might have to give that a try this weekend.
  I knew I could totally trust your judgment. *flipping through the pages of bridal magazines, humming the wedding march*
 OK, now you're just mocking me. RT   ::poke::
   I was thinking "Children of the Sad Corn."
 I won't disagree on this one. They always seemed kinda sinister to me, too. RT  Ice cream trucks creep me out.
  *hitting as I type*
  Sadly, from the looks of things, I would say no.
 And another thing, Facebook friends...ixnay on the okeingpay. I beg you.
  I went earlier and it was like the 7th Circle of Hell. Good luck and have a wonderful weekend!
 I just got a marriage proposal on Facebook from a new "friend." That's kinda creepy, right?
  Thanks for the  (and RT) love. Hope you have a dog gone wonderful weekend. With no actual dogs gone.
  Nah! It's what I love about Maine. It's relatively unscathed by the outside world.
  Polyester!
 You too! Mine's just about ready to begin. RT      have great holiday!
  I think the same thing when I hear ppl from Cape and SoPo complain about "the traffic on the bridge."
 Have a great holiday weekend! RT  Heading out to battle the northbound traffic. Destination: body of water full of fish!
   I think I will name my next band Sad Corn.
 My grammy  often told me: "Sorry doesn't cut the mustard." It appears she was, in fact, right. 
  You are such a tech wiz, I'm surprised that you didn't just ignore my feeble attempt and go here: 
  My friend used to say these were "astral sisters." We're that. 
 You would be hard pressed to find a more glorious day on Spring Cove   
 I'm gonna have to agree. Let there be CAKE! RT   cake is always good too!
  You're most welcome. PS Your av gives me nightmares.
 Look no further.   I need Doctor Who toys for my cubicle. Doctor Who toys and Superhero posters.
 Just finished my first "long" of the summer. My condition needs conditioning.
  Hope your day goes quickly...and without glitches! Have a good/productive weekend.
 Funniest. Signs. Ever. 
 Rabbit, Rabbit.  
 I'll have what she's having. RT   yes yes YES!
  Thomas Jefferson in Alexandria. I rode a dinosaur to school. I am that old.
  You know when I miss living in DC? Never.
  My children, both born at Sibley Hospital in DC, used to refer to it as "The Eclipse." I liked that better.
 Clearly, we need to spend more time together.  RT   you Bad? Never!
   I went to HS in suburban DC. We skipped school & went to Roosevelt Island. We did bad things. Very bad things.
 No such thing as too much information when it comes to grilling steak. via  
  Read this interview with  I cannot wait for  Hobgoblin!
 Greetings,  fellow comma lover. Grammar love from the right coast.
  Red's ice cream, a droid, and your favorite dog is spectacular, end of story.
  Let me know if you find them...and report back!
 Check  RT   That sounds amazing! I'll have to keep my eyes peeled for such a find!
  OMG, don't get me started! Utz Crab Chips with Old Bay Seasoning. The Holy Grail of potato chips.
 I found  Crab Chips at the Scarborough   Like finding water in the desert. Unexpected and revitalizing.
 The word "upgrade" has such a lovely ring to it.
 Done and done. RT  You all should really follow me over at  will tempt you with chocolate. :)
 Chicken on the grill, warm summer breezes and flower-scented air on Spring Cove.  
  Is it a million degrees and 110% humidity there? I remember summers in DC were like living in Borneo.
 Saving New England, one cow at a time. The Annual Strolling of the Heifers In Brattleboro, VT. 
  That just sucks. Fingers crossed for their speedy arrival.
 Have they at least been in touch?! RT   I had a glass to chill. And they STILL are not here.
  Hate is such an ugly word. And life without the OC is such an ugly prospect.
  It would be like leaving one of my children by the side of the road. OK, not that bad. But bad.
 I hear you. Are you anywhere near a wine bottle? RT   it's been a long day...
  Feeling your pain. Hope it's over soon!
  From one headache sufferer to another, I'm sending healing energy your way. *happy thoughts*
  I've had a few of those editors, too. But they were wrong.
   If they kill the Oxford comma, a little part of me dies.  
 HEARTSICK! RT  Don't kill the Oxford comma   . :)
 Yes, I need help. I'm pressing. Really. Really. Hard.  
 You meet the nicest people on The Back Cove in Portland   
  I am a bottomless well of surprises and eccentricity.
  Repeat after me: "Perfection is a state of mind, not the state of my housekeeping." Have a great weekend/week!
  Oh my goodness! A Tardis garden shed. Color me consumed with envy. Link for phone cover: 
  My son got an  as a wedding gift. That could help with the cleaning frenzy!
  Maybe the second date should be at my house...watching Doctor Who! That would tell the story, wouldn't it?
 On a date last night I had to explain my  iPhone cover. Not sure I can get serious abt anyone who doesn't love The Doctor
  Consider yourself sued.
  No.
 Take that back. Immediately. My CowGirl would never. RT   it was her 'drinking disguise wig' 
  Far be it from me to characterize the kind of punishment  might enjoy.
  Lots from the aforementioned  (Red Hook Road) & her equally talented husband, Michael Chabon(The Yiddish Policemen's Union)
  If  jumped off a bridge, would you do it too? That girl needs to be punished. And not the fun kind.
  What are you listening to? I'm finishing Bad Mother, an amazing book by Berkeley/Maine resident 
  Avert your eyes and leave the premises. Immediately. Don't make me come up there and get you, young lady.
  OMG! The Holy Grail Triumvirate of Fun! I love audiobooks (and you know how I feel abt laundry and organizing).
  Did you see this Primal recipe from  Did you?!  Shrimp Sausage &Squash Casserole
  Hate to break it to you, friend, but it's not DOING laundry unless you freaking FOLD laundry. 
  Step away from the chocolate and no one gets hurt.
 That proves it. We ARE related! RT  I love laundry.  No, seriously.  I freaking love doing laundry.
 These Chicken and Cheese Sliders are coming my way...Yay! 
 *smiling at you, Missy* RT   it's an adventurous mission. Join me!  :)
 I knew I loved you. Good luck on a most excellent mission! RT  I'm on a mission to degrumpify people today.
 Perfectly timed article from  in the  on grilling veggies. 
 Great site! RT  Check out the new  site we created for 
 Running in the fog/Cloud drops fall from eyelashes/ in summertime. 
 Be careful! RT  Pea soup ride to work today. But even in zero viz, there's no doubt we're on the coast of Maine. 
 Here's a new take on an old family favorite, Cheddar Cheese Potato Salad. Sounds perfect for a 4th of July BBQ! 
 I wasn't...until I saw these...Yum! RT  Are you searching for the perfect cheese straw? 
 No, no, that's not our Cow Girl! Check the hair color. RT  That poor dear  off the wagon again. 
   I thought the expression "and monkeys will fly out of my butt" was, well, not actually possible.
  It's the start of hydrangea season in  Gorgeous shot!
   Have fun in my old stomping grounds.
 Soon there will be roses on Spring Cove   
 Just in time for the holiday weekend - 7 Awesome Ways to Trick Out Your Hot Dog! 
 Cannot wait to try these! And you know what kind of cheddar I'll be using. (Hint:  
 RIP Norma Lyon, Queen of the butter cow sculptors. 
 Most annoying ad series on TV. RT  I feel like all those coffee klatch Hannaford women are among my Twitter followers.
 "They also serve who only stand and wait." ~John Milton 
 Mine have sparkles!  RT  i'm wearing my lovely llbean flip flops today that have dragon flies on them:) 
  This article makes me feel better about a 26-year-old decision. 
  We miss you when you're not on Twitter. Time to dip back into the stream.
  Have you tried the Cabot Greek yet? It's insanely delicious.
 My fave breakfast.  Greek Yogurt & Blueberries!  
 Happy Monday! Here are some great breakfast ideas. Remember, it's the most important meal of the day. 
 Weekend, I hardly knew ya.
  Look...you are lovely!  
 Feeling your pain. Deeply. RT  My mother. Is. Driving. Me. Nuts.
 I love New York!
  Awwww!
 Hey Chicago, look at what's new on the dairy aisle! Hint: Follow my cowgirl   
 Patty & Arleen of  PWM are superstars! Pls RT so the world will know great airline customer service still exists
  Your gate agents at PWM, especially Patty and Arleen, are the best I've ever encountered. Anywhere. Great customer service!
 Sitting on a rainy runway waiting for a gate at PHL, trying to make a flight to ORD.  
  The mice I know love  Seriously Sharp, but I kinda hate to rat them out...so to speak.
  I just wrote my 10,000th tweet. Thanks for teaching me everything I know about Social Media.
 Beautiful and peaceful and very, very quiet. RT   Bet it's still beautiful, though :)
 Today's picture suspended due to fog and rain on Spring Cove 
 Birthday greetings and felicitations to the irrepressible 
 When I travel, my array of cosmetics is impressive. But my array of electronics is staggering.
 Sun. Spring Cove.  That is all.  
 Me too! RT  I need it today! RT  Summer Solstice, longest day of the year -planning to use every second of daylight
  I'd read about  and assumed that a project so future-oriented would leverage SM to disseminate info, hence Twitter search.
  I just searched and found  on Twitter! What an amazing project...I'm giddy with excitement! 
 The Clock of the Long Now. Just thinking about a clock that will last 10,000 years is breathtaking. 
 Yoga for Yankees...It's sweeping New England! 
 Just got back from a beach walk with my granddog who adds new dimension to the phrase "full of beans."
 Break a leg! RT  Off to my first day of work at LLBean!
 The Summer Solstice - the longest day of the year. Already planning to use every second of daylight!
 The clouds are forming into pictures over Spring Cove   
  In spite of your best intentions, there is a Happy Meal somewhere in their future. Better that than meth.
 Marriage equality. Equal parts incredibly important and, well...hilarious. 
 A passing summer storm makes things fresh and pretty on Spring Cove   
 With the emphasis on the "cheese"! ;-} RT  Cheesecake is a game changer.
  It just came to me and now I can't get the falalalala out of my head.
  He's obviously not a Christmas carol kind of a guy.  
  Lots of lettuce, riotous raspberries, tons of tomatoes, bounteous basil, sufficient cilantro, & of course too much zucchini.
  I am quite small and girl gnomes only have the faintest trace of a mustache
  Followed by a righteous "I bought you into this world, I can take you out!"
  I like gastrognome
 Is there another you prefer? RT    personally, I've never liked the term.
  Raspberries from my garden and  Vanilla    
  They were growing wild on the edge of my yard, so we cleared around them, fed them and...Voila! Razzelberries!
 Fog horns and incoming tide on Spring Cove   
 Loving my garden these days. Zucchini for dinner. Today...raspberries for breakfast and PIE!  
 Is "foodie" the new F-Word?  says an emphatic no and I have to agree.  What do you think?  
 People in Portland  this is the 4th time this week I've been caught with the bridge up. That's just wrong, right?
   Thanks for the pie props, ladies!
 Raspberry pie is ready to go into the oven! 
  Don't be impressed. The raspberries grew wild when I moved here. Now I just feed and weed and they do the work.
 Dear  Great publication, but honestly, if you never used "rock hard abs" again, that would be fine.
  I made raspberry buckle yesterday and am about to start on a raspberry pie this am. It's a bumper crop in my garden!
 Morning, Georgie. We're thinking about food already. We must be foodies! RT   That does sounds good!!
 Honey Cheddar Scones? Heck, yes! RT  Did you know that honey and cheddar are a perfect pairing? 
 That looks dillish/delish! RT  Cool Dill Weed Yogurt Dip... a perfect partner 4 summer veggies!  
