 Grab Your Girlfriends and Join us at Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant for a Celebration of Summer at Girls... 
 Customer Tweet: I grew up North and every occasion growing up was marked with dinner at Cascones. We had not been to Johnny Cascone's, bu...
 Come to Cascone's Italian Restaurant tonight and in addition to a delicious Italian meal, enjoy the musical... 
 Indulge your sweet tooth and celebrate National Chocolate Day by enjoying a piece of our delicious Chocolate Cake... 
 Why go to  that ends by 7pm? Join us at  in the lounge or the patio where we'll be serving our happy hour menu all night
 Sunday Lasagna Dinner for Two...$14.99 Join us on Sundays throughout the Summer at Johnny Cascone's and enjoy our Sunday Lasagna Dinner for
 Customer Tweet: Always a wonderful treat to come to Johnny Cascones!...
 Pull up a chair or a barstool in the lounge or on the patio tonight all night long & enjoy our New Happy Hour... 
 TODAY ONLY Visit www.muncharoo.com & Download your voucher to receive $5 off your total bill when you dine with us... 
  Could we possibly be related?
 Customer Tweet: love the Sunday lasagne special...
 We are delighted to have had the opportunity to provide jars of our Cascone's Original Pasta Sauce for the VIP... 
 Customer Tweet: Johnny Cascone's is one of our favorite restaurants so we visit often!...
 There's still a few hours to help us show Kansas City that we're the favorite in KC Magazine's City's Best 2011... 
 Customer Tweet: My wife and I eat at either Cascone's north or Johnny's on a regular basis. We love the food and the service is usually v...
 Have you made your reservation for The Kick's Band Dinner & Dancing Event coming up on Monday June 20th? Make... 
 Look who popped up in 435 South Magazine's June Issue.. Proud members of the Kansas City Originals Restaurants... 
 
 Customer Tweet: Great place, it's our favorite when in the mood for Italian.  We always ask for the same server.  Very nice staff....
 Need a Father's Day Gift. Treat your Dad to lunch or dinner with us at Cascones we'll be open from 12pm-9pm. Trust us he will love this gift
 Just preping some Home Made Lobster Ravioli for tonight's dinner.. YUM! 
 It's Time To Play Favorites & We Need Your Votes... Cascone's Italian Restaurants are nominated for KC Magazine's... 
 It's Time To Play Favorites & We Need Your Votes.. Cascone's is nominated for KC Magazine's City's Best Italian... 
 The Kick's Band is amazing!!! If you missed them when they were with us at Cascone's North be sure to check them... 
 Busy week ahead as we prepare to host an intimate dinner with Deana Martin on Thursday evening and gear up for... 
 After all of the sever weather we've seen in the Kansas City area over the past few days... hoping all of our... 
 After all of the sever weather we've seen in the Kansas City area today... hoping all of our friends and family members are safe and sound!
 Join us for a wonderful four course dinner complete with a sampling of fine wines & a warm intimate evening with... 
 Our Thoughts and Prayers go out to those who have friends & family effected by the tornado in Joplin, MO. and to... 
 Join us as we celebrate our new Happy Hour at Cascone's on North Oak. We have a wide variety of cocktails &... 
 Come to "An Evening of Dinner & Dancing With The Kick's Band" Monday, May 9 from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Experience... 
 Show Your Administrative Staff How Much You Care.. Treat Them to Lunch at Cascone's or Johnny Cascone's Italian... 
 For a limited time only Cascone's Restaurant is selling $25 gift certificates at a discounted price of $17.50.... 
 $17.50 Get's You $25 Worth of Food & Drink at Our Restaurants. Purchase a Web certificate for either Cascone's... 
 Looking to make plans for Easter Sunday... Hop on over to Cascone's! We will be open from 12pm-9pm & will have... 
 Meet your friends and family at Cascone's on North Oak on Mondays and enjoy 1/2 off all bottles of wine priced $40... 
 We did a great catering last night for an event for the The National Italian American Foundation (NIAF) such an... 
 Start your week off right with 1/2 price bottled wine at Cascone's Italian Restaurant & Johnny Cascone's Italian... 
 Routing for the home team today... Let's go Royals! 
 Thanks to everyone who came out for the Dinner & Dancing with the Kick's Band Event Monday night.. We had a packed... 
 Join Chef Victor Cascone of Cascone's Italian Restaurant as we continue our Hy-Vee, Inc. demo series this evening... 
 Have you gone out to vote today?
 We're selling discounted WebCertificates to  $17.50 gets you $25 worth of food and drink! Buy one today & use it for dinner tonight
 Come to "An Evening of Dinner & Dancing with The Kick's Band" Monday, March 28 from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Johnny... 
 Today we honor our Sicilian roots by paying homage to St.Jospeh. Traditionally through a table of culinary... 
 Happy St. Patty's Day... We'll be celebrating all of our Irish friends today by serving Corned Beef & Cabbage as... 
 Get your  WebCertificate good for $25 worth of food & drink for just $17.50 www.kcoriginals.com
 Beautiful Day Today... Come snag a seat on our patio and grab a quick lunch!
  we should talk sometime getting you guys to park at  on N. Oak and doing a lunch promo with our customers
 Chef Victor is visiting NYC... wondering what great food ideas he'll bring back to share?
 Do you <3 LOVE <3 Cascone's Italian Restaurant!!! Visit www.kcoriginals.com and purchase a web certificate to our... 
 Look who is the Kansas City Originals Restaurants featured Chef of the month.. It's Chef Mario of Cascone's... 
 I posted 10 photos on Facebook in the album "Johnny's Back Room (Our Banquet Room)" 
 Mardi Gras is French for "Fat Tuesday", referring to the practice of the last night of eating richer, decadant... 
 Salmon Patties with Smashed Potatoes, Cream Gravy and Greenbeans  are in our band box today..and on special for lunch at both locations
 Who's going to tonight's demo at the new Liberty Hy-Vee with Chef Victor? We hear he might be making Cascone's Baked Mosticcioli...YUM!
 Thanks to everyone who came out to support the University of Kansas Cancer Research Center by attending our Wine... 
 Hey tastebud magazine A quick and easy Tomato Soup recipe using our Cascone's Italian Pasta Sauces: Sautee 1/2 cup... 
 Did you know that we serve Hand-made pizzas at Cascone's Italian Restaurant? Save your reciept next time you dine... 
 Facebook Friends: Chef Victor Cascone of Cascone's Italian Restaurant will be doing a live demonstration at the... 
 Come in for dinner tonight and earn DOUBLE points when you present your Kansas City Originals Restaurants Rewards... 
 Annnddd Our Early Dinner Menu has started and will be running until 6pm tonight.. Come by after work for an early dinner + 1/2 bottled wine
 Thank Goodness It's Friday and with this day comes the celebration of National Drink Wine Day (it's legit...we... 
 Spiffing up the patio just in time for the lunch crowd.. come on over we'll save you a seat
 Keepin it  Chef Alex Pope of  , is nominated for People's Best New Chef by Food & Wine Vote for him: 
 Thanks to everyone who came out to dine with us for the Valentine's Day holiday. We had a great crowd all weekend... 
 What's your favorite Valentine's Day Dessert? 
 LOVE <3 LOVE <3 LOVE All of the Valentines that came in to dine with us this weekend. Hope to see more celebrating... 
 Italian food makes for the ultimate romantic experience...and what better place to celebrate than with us at... 
 We will be open special hours this Sunday February 13th in honor of the Valentine's Day weekend from 12pm-9pm. We... 
 It's National Fettuccini Alfredo Day!!! Stop in for dinner tonight and get a bowl of our creamy, rich & cheesy... 
 Treat your <3 Valentine <3 to a romantic Italian dinner at Johnny Cascone's. We'll be celebrating Valentine's Day... 
 Meet your friends and family at Cascone's on North Oak on Mondays and enjoy 1/2 off all bottles of wine priced $40... 
 Kicking this post snow day off with our Early Dinner Menu (*starting at 3pm)... $9.99 gets you choice of soup,... 
 We will be closing this afternoon at 1pm and will be closed for the remainder of the evening due to blizzard like... 
 We will be closed this evening for dinner due to the insane blizzard outside. We hope to see everyone tomorrow... 
 It's the perfect weather to get some carry out from Cascone's for dinner.. We think our Shimp Diablo is spicy... 
 Attention Fans & Freinds: Sadly; Our Wine & Dine for Cancer Research Event that was to be held tomorrow evening at... 
 Friday Lunch you know what that means.. Delicious Salmon Patties are in our BandBox with Fresh Mashed Potatoes;... 
 Happy Hour Happiness: A Special Wine Flight in dedicated to our friends at Kendall-Jackson Wine in honor of Kansas... 
 Kick off Kansas City Restaurant Week by having dinner with us at Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant 
 Kansas City Restaurant Week: Let the festivities begin! 
 Dine at Cascone's Italian Restaurant or Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant during Kansas City Restaurant Week and... 
 Look for our menu for Kansas City Restaurant Week to be posted TODAY.. We're finalizing it this morning, the menu... 
 Come to "Monday Half Price Wine at Johnny Cascone" Today at 4:00 pm until <br />Thursday, March 31 at 2:00 pm.... 
 Come to "Wine & Dine for Cancer Research" Tomorrow at 7:00 am until <br />Wednesday, February 2 at 1:00 pm. Join... 
 Come to "Early Dinner Menu" Tomorrow at 7:00 am until <br />Wednesday, June 1 at 8:00 am. Beat the Winter Blues... 
 Join us at Cascone's Italian Restaurant & Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant in the month of Janurary as we... 
 Happy 2011 Thanks to everyone who came out to dine with us and ring in the new year over the weekend!!
 A Foodie's Delight: Kansas City Restaurant Week 2011. January 21-30 We are excited to be participating with many... 
 A Foodies Delight: Kansas City Restaurant Week 2011 Janurary 21-30. We are honored to be participating with many... 
 A great recipe to keep you warm on this winter day. Using some very basic ingredients plus Cascone's Italian Pasta... 
 Hoping Everyone had a Very Merry Christmas Weekend
 It's not too late we still have a few time slots available for Christmas Eve reservations... We're open all day... 
 Cheese Dips; Salad Dressings; Decadant Fondue OH MY! Our friends at Nina's Fine Foods are featured today on... 
 Come to "Give the Gift of Fine Italian Food &Wine" Today at 4:00 pm until <br />Saturday, December 25 at 4:00 pm.... 
 Come to "Christmas Eve at Johnny Cascone's " Today at 4:00 pm until <br />Saturday, December 25 at 4:00 pm. Bring... 
 We're having live jazz in the dining room tonight.. come in for dinner at celebrate the holidays :)
 So glad we were able to participate in Mix 93.3's Single Mom Santa Give Away and help a local family in need this... 
 Link to INV page, then "like" the INV page, for exclusive discounts including our December Gift Certificate... 
 Come to "Casual Wine Tasting Event for the Holidays" Tuesday, December 21 from 7:30 pm to 10:30 pm. Take a break... 
 Give your family and friends something irrestible for the holidays A Gift Basket featuring Cascone's Italian Pasta... 
 WEB CERTIFICATES: Get them while they last.. Get $25 worth of food and drinks for just $17.50. Visit... 
 Let Our Family Serve You this Christmas Eve. We'll be open all evening until 8pm and invite you to come dine with... 
 Tis the Season Not to Cook: Let us do your holiday cooking. We offer an extensive group take out menu that is sure... 
 Baby.. It's cold outside! Come in this afternoon for lunch at Cascone's and enjoy a hot bowl of Frank's Homemade... 
 I posted 15 photos on Facebook in the album "Cascone's on KCTV 5 for Restaurant Week 2011" 
 Meet your friends and family at Cascone's on North Oak on Mondays and enjoy 1/2 off all bottles of wine priced $40... 
 Meet your friends and family at Cascone's on North Oak TONIGHT and enjoy 1/2 off all bottles of wine priced $40... 
 CYBER MONDAY DINNER SPECIAL: Come in to Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant orCascone's Italian Restaurant and... 
 Horray the construction zone on North Oak Trafficway has moved its way farther north and away from our front door.... 
 Do your part this holiday season.. Come dine with us at Cascone's and bring in an opened toy or game for a child... 
 Sick of turkey already? Pick up a full or half pan of lasagna from Johnny Cascone's and serve your family this... 
 Ready to shoot our tv promo for Kansas City Restaurant Week we're making White Fish Picata.. delicious at any time... 
 Take a peek at some amazing pictures of our food and our dining room at Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant... 
 Love Cascone's Italian Restaurant & Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant then check out this great deal on... 
 Happy Veteran's Day to all the men and women that so bravely serve our country to give us the freedom we are so... 
 Happy Veteran's Day to all the men and women that so bravely serve our country to give us the freedom we are so... 
 Getting the dining room ready for our photoshoot this morning for KC Magazine with Wheat Photography :)
 Meet your friends and family at Cascone's Italian Restaurant on North Oak on Mondays and enjoy 1/2 off all... 
 Save the Date for our Holiday Wine Dinner happening Tuesday December 7th at 6:30pm at Johnny Cascone's in Overland... 
 On behalf of Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant and all of the Kansas City Originals Restaurants a big thank you... 
 Come to "Monday Half Price Wine at Johnny Cascone" Monday, November 1 at 7:00 am until <br />Monday, December 27... 
 Come to "Let us do the Holiday Cooking" Today at 7:00 am until <br />Sunday, January 2, 2011 at 8:00 am. Not... 
 Come to "Save the Date for our Holiday Wine Dinne" Wednesday, December 8 from 2:30 am to 5:30 am. Save the date... 
 It's chilly today; stop in for lunch and have a bowl of Pasta Fazool. It's great by it self or as a side dish to any of our lunch entrees
 Join us tonight for a Shopping Extravaganza in our back room featuring some of our favorite vendors like Chic... 
 We're excited to be hosting The Kick's Band on Monday October 25th there are still tables available. Make your... 
 Are you ready for the weekend? We Are :) 
 Facebook Friends are you hungry for a good deal? Check out Cascone's Italian Restaurant & Johnny Cascone's Italian... 
 Facebook Friends are you hungry for a good deal? Check out Cascone's Italian Restaurant & Johnny Cascone's Italian... 
 Join us Monday October 4th for an evening of Dinner & Dancing with The Kick's Band 
 We're doing 435 South Magazine's Tasty Tuesday $4.35 lunch is at Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant. Dine in or... 
 Web Certificates for Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant are now on sale visit www.kcoriginals.com and purchase... 
 Do you LOVE Cascone's Italian Restaurant? Visit www.kcoriginals.com and purchase a Web Certificate to our... 
 Love Beer? We Do Too! Join us on Wednesday (Tomorrow) at 6:30pm for a Beer Pairing Dinner Presented by our friends... 
 Love Beer? We Do Too! Join us on Wednesday (Tomorrow) at 6:30pm for a Beer Pairing Dinner Presented by our friends... 
 Love Beer? We Do Too! Join us on Wednesday (Tomorrow) at 6:30pm for a Beer Pairing Dinner Presented by our friends... 
 We'll be offering our Early $9.99 Dinner Menu ALL night long (starting at 3pm)... Come in and join us for a late lunch or dinner :)
 Johnny Cascone's Vegetable Lasagna Recipe.. Feel free to use any of our Cascone's Italian Pasta Sauces with this... 
 BIG THANK YOU to the folks at Powell Gardens for inviting us to come in for a chef demonstration yesteday... 
 Come to "Cigar Dinner" Thursday, September 16 from 6:30 pm to 8:00 pm 
 A Recipe For All Of Our Friends...Vegetable Lasagna 
 FRIED CHICKEN TUESDAY!!! 4 Pieces of our Chef Tom's homemade fried chicken served with mashed potatoes, gravy and... 
 We're back today open for lunch...who's joining us?
 Just a Reminder to our Fans: We are not open today for lunch BUT we will be open starting at 4pm for regular... 
 Come in and see what we have in our Band Box Today... Italian
 Have you been to the Powell Gardens Garden Chef Series? Our very own chef Jimmie Petsel will be doing a demo in... 
 Trying to put together some menu specials using heirloom tomatoes; grown locally here in Kansas City. The options are endless!!!
 Check out 2 of our other favorite  Kansas City Originals Restaurants; Hereford House on Groupon Kansas City &... 
 We are proud to announce that we are now serving Coke-Cola products. Come in tonight and see Dana Mathews in the... 
 Whew.. what a great night! The Kick's Band was amazing and had everyone dancing all night long. Stay tuned for... 
 I posted 14 photos on Facebook in the album "Cascone's on Location" 
 It's a party and all of our Facebook Friends are invited... Join us as we celebrate TOMMY'S 12TH ANNUAL LUAU AND... 
 www.spreesy.com 
 Check out who's the Spreesy Kansas City of the Day! Purchase
 Check out who's the Spreesy of the Day! Purchase this spreesy and use it
 Gearing up for our Summer Wine Dinner tonight... We still have seats available for any last minute reservations 913.381.6837
 Check out Koko Conley tonight at Johnny Cascone's in Overland Park. Live Music starts at 8pm
 It's that time again...time for the Kansas City Originals Restaurants Web Certificate Sale. Purchase a Web... 
 Come to "Johnny Cascone's Summer Wine Dinner" Wednesday, July 14 from 4:30 pm to 7:30 pm. Join Chef Don Pepe & The... 
 Join us at Johnny Cascone's next Wednesday July 14th for our Summer Wine Dinner featuring a 4 course pre-fix menu... 
 Happy 4th of July Everyone! We will be closed for lunch tomorrow but will open at 3:00pm for dinner.. Stop by and... 
 Got plans for the upcoming 4th of July Weekend? Weather you're heading out of town or staying here in Kansas City,... 
 Thanks to Ms. Koko Conley & Danny Wayman for a great show last Thursday Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant  it... 
 Check Out Our Updated Summer Events Schedule Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant 
 Koko Conley will be at Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant on Thursday June 24th from 7pm-9pm for Koko at... 
 Getting Our Dancing Shoes Out & Gearing Up For The Kick's Band Tonight Cascone's Italian Restaurant 
 Cascone's is excited to be hosting the Kick's Band on Monday June 21st. Join us for a Night of Dinner & Dancing... 
 ThankYou 2 Everyone that cameout to support Four Stars For Lauren Tonight. We were lucky enough to be among some amazing KC CulinaryTalent
 I posted 10 photos on Facebook in the album "Cascone's at Festa Italiana 2010" 
 Looking to make plans with your Dad this Father's Day... Treat him to Lunch or Dinner at Johnny Cascone's or... 
 Join Cascone's Italian Restaurant as we raise a glass and a fork to Kansas City Food Critic Lauren Chapin. Her... 
 We're having a Cigar Dinner at Cascone's North June 24th  Join us for a 3 course seasonal dinner paired... 
 
 I posted 7 photos on Facebook in the album "Koko at Johnny Cascone's" 
 We're excited to be nominated as a finalist for KC Magazine's BEST ITALIAN RESTAURANT in Kansas City! You have... 
 A BIG Thank You to Everyone that came out the Italian Festival this past weekend and stopped by to see us; we... 
 Cascone's Italian Restaurant will be at the Italian Festival at Zona Rosa this weekend.
 Cascone's will be at the Italian Festival at Zona Rosa this weekend. Stop by and see us we'll be serving HomeMade... 
 Have you made reservations for our Summer Cigar Dinner at Johnny Cascone's? We're workin on the Menu... we're thinkin Italian kabobs
 Hope Everyone had a great Long Memorial Day Weekend; and Thank You to Everyone who came out and dined with us... If... 
 Just Another Manic Monday; Nice Lunch Crowd Today at 
 It's turning out to be a beautiful day! The sun is shining and teh weather is quite enjoyable. We're starting happy... 
 Do you think the Pitch got it right? Be sure to give us your thoughts? Both are good but we obviously favor... 
  Thanks for hosting  VIP reception yesterday afternoon food was delicious & Dumante Sour was divine
 On This Gloomy Day Stop In & Have Lunch With Us! Enjoy Johnny's Band Box Special of the Day: Swiss Steak with... 
 Johnny Cascone's Summer Cigar Dinner Tuesday June 15th... Make Your Reservations Today 
 Join us for our Summer Cigar Dinner on Tuesday June 15th at 6:30pm and enjoy a 3 Course Seasonal Dinner Paired with... 
 Rewarding  customers for dining with us today by giving them double points on their Power Card
 In Today's Bandbox we have Italian Stuffed Peppers served with a side of spaghetti with our Original Pasta Sauce;... 
 Making plans for our Summer Cigar Dinner Event.. More details to come this afternoon 
 Great time yesterday thanks to everyone that came out the The Pitch Kansas City's Taste of KC and saw us at the... 
 You're getting hungry... Very hungry... Hungry for Cascone's
 Today's Drink of the Day is a Limoncello Martini...Stop by the original Cascone's on North Oak for happy hour and get one for just $5
 Thank you to everyone who came out and celebrated Mother's Day Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant & Cascone's... 
 Don't forget to vote in the Best of the Northland.  Go to www.bestofthenorthland.net to place your vote 
 We're Currently Working on a Great New Summer Cocktail Menu.. What are Some of Your Favorites? We'll be sure to... 
 It's Friday!!! Which means we have our delicious Salmon Patties in our Bandbox for Today's Lunch Special, they're... 
 We're also featuring a Grilled Vegetable Wrap as a Lunch Special today at Cascone's Italian Restaurant 
 Come have lunch with us today at Cascone's and 
 It's not too late to make plans to treat your Mom on Mother's Day to a fantastic lunch or dinner at Johnny... 
 GOOD LUCK JOHNNY CASCONE'S SOFTBALL TEAM... 
 Did you know that we sell our Cascone's Italian Pasta Sauces, Salad Dressings & Marinades in the Grocery Stores &... 
 Breaking Out Our Dancing Shoes...The Kick's Band will be at Johnny Cascone's Tonight at 6:30pm. See you all tonight!!! 
 Have you made your reservations for Tuesday's Wine Dinner? 
 One week from today we'll be swinging to the big band sounds of The Kick's Band Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant... 
 Thanks to everyone who came out and supported Cascone's & Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant at Kansas City... 
 Getting everything we need together for for Kansas City Originals Restaurants Present Urban Picnic tomorrow.. If... 
 Who's buying the last Cascone's Italian Restaurant Web Certificate? Get at $25 gift certificate to Cascone's... 
 Serving a delicious Rustic Portabello Mushroom Sandwich today for lunch at Cascone's on NorthOak in honor of 
 Chef Jimmie Petsel at Johnny Cascone's 
 We'll be participating in the Italian Festival this year at  June 4th, 5th & 6th
 Show your Administrative Professionals how much you appreciate them by bringing treating them to lunch Johnny... 
 is now featuring Pearl Vodka
 
 Come to "Cascone's North May Wine Dinner Event" Tuesday, May 4 from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Make plans to join our... 
 Have you made reservations for our April Wine dinner Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant? The dinner is next... 
 Did we forget to mention that we have Kansas City Originals Restaurants Web Certificates currently on sale..... 
 Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant Welcomes The Kick’s Band Monday May 3rd, 2010 at 6:30pm 
 JoinUs for Shopping Extravaganza 5:30-9:30pm Tonight! Enjoy Appetizers from  Cascone's & Shop Your <3's out w/... 
 <3 
 Johnny Cascone’s is selling Kansas City Originals Restaurants  Web Certificates valued at $25.00 for a discounted... 
 Congratulations to the Johnny Cascone's softball team on their second win of the season 22 to 18...Way to go guys &... 
 I'm not sure what makes pepperoni so good - if 
 I'm not sure what makes pepperoni so good - if it's the 
 Did you know Cascone's offers a special "PROM" menu for all high school students. Looking for a great place for a... 
 Just under ONE HOUR left to purchase a Groupon that's good at Cascone's Italian Restaurant OR Johnny Cascone's... 
 Check out Cascone's Restaurants on Groupon...The
 Check out Cascone's Restaurants on Groupon...The
 Check out Cascone's Restaurants on Groupon...
 Congratulations to the Johnny Cascone's Softball Team on an amazing WIN Tuesday night...way to go guys & gals!!! 
 
 DOUBLE POINT TUESDAY: If you're a Power Card Member. Use your card at Cascone's Italian Restaurant , Johnny... 
 Easter Sunday both Cascone's Italian Restaurant & Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant will be open from 12pm-6pm... 
 Easter Sunday we will be open from 12pm-6pm serving off our regular menu all day. Make your reservation to come... 
 Easter Sunday we will be open from 12pm-6pm make reservations to come celebrate at Cascone's with your family and... 
 Busy planning our upcoming cigar and wine dinner events for the spring...
 Facebook Fans Visit---
 Facebook Fans Visit 
 Check Out Our Amazing Chicken Marsala Recipe 
 Check Out Our Amazing Chicken Marsala Recipe That Ran In Yesterday's Kansas City Star...... 
 Check Out Our Featured Chicken Marsala Recipe In Yesterday's Kansas City Star:... 
 We're gearing up for The Kick's Band Tonight... Have Your Dancing Shoes Ready!!! 
 
 FANS: We are trying to get to 1000 fans & when we do we'll be raffling off a $50.00 Johnny Cascone's Gift Card to... 
 FANS: We are trying to get to 1000 fans & when we do we'll be raffling off a $50.00 Johnny Cascone's Gift Card to... 
 Come to "Dining and Dancing with the Kicks Band" Monday, March 22 from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Cascone's Italian... 
 Cascone's Italian Restaurant is proud to present  Dining and Dancing with The Kicks Band Monday March 22nd... 
 Cascone’s North is selling Gift Certificates valued at $25.00 for a discounted price of $17.50. Quantities are... 
 Johnny Cascone’s is selling Gift Certificates valued at $25.00 for a discounted price of $17.50. Quantities are... 
 Come in for dinner tonight Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant and get double your Powercard points 
  is now on facebook.. be sure to become a fan if you're on facebook
 Kansas City Originals Restaurants Present Urban Picnic has tickets for sale for Urban Picnic 2010. A... 
  Thanks for the mention in your Eat and Tweet. Check us & other great local restaurants out!!   
  Great Talking with you yesterday... hope to get some stuff lined up with Groupon soon
 RT  Tickets for Urban Picnic 2010 are officially on sale visit www.urbanpicnickc.com to purchase yours today.
 
 We will be closed on Friday February 26th for Lunch as we honor the memory of George Cascone. Visit the Cascone's... 
 ✝George Cascone✝
  is coming to take some pictures of Cascone's North today for Savor Magazine
 Getting the dining room ready...we are having our picture taken today for Savor Magazine!!! 
 It's Ash Wednesday come in and enjoy a bowl of Lentil Soup with Rice for lunch or perhaps Sauted Whitefish.. 
 DOUBLE POINT TUESDAY: If you're a Power Card Member. Use your card at Cascone's Italian Restaurant, Johnny... 
 DOUBLE POINT TUESDAY: If you're a Power Card Member. Use your card at Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant,... 
 Looking Forward to having the Kicks Band Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant TONIGHT the festivities start at 6:30pm 
 A BIG Thank You to everyone who dined with us this weekend. Especially those that braved the weather to join us... 
 A BIG Thank You to everyone who dined with us this weekend. Especially those that braved the weather to join us... 
 Gearing Up for all of the Valentine's Day Sweethearts...Hope you are joining us this weekend or lunch or dinner... 
 
 Looking Forward to Valentine's Weekend... It's not too late there are still some reservation spots available for... 
 Come have Lunch with us at Cascone's and enjoy Johnny's Band Box Selection for the Day: Swiss Steak with Homemade... 
 Facebook Fans be sure to become a fan of Kansas City Originals Restaurants Present Urban Picnic it's a great event... 
 Starting tomorrow we will be featuring a 4-course Sweetheart Menu for two people for people $30 at lunch & $60 for... 
 4-course Sweetheart Menu for 2 for people $30 at lunch & $60 for 2 people at dinner in addition our regular menus & specials.
 Tomorrow kicks off Valentine's Weekend at Cascone's & Johnny Cascone's. Hope you will to join us this weekend and enjoy the Sweetheart Menu
 Cascone’s is selling Gift Certificates valued at $25.00 for a discounted price of $17.50. Quantities are limited... 
 Johnny Cascone’s is selling Gift Certificates valued at $25.00 for a discounted price of $17.50. Quantities are... 
 Come have lunch with us today at Cascone's and enjoy Johnny's Band Box Selection for the Day: Italian Baked Chicken... 
 Just posted the recipe for Cascone's Crazy Alfredo to the website. Its Delicious...Check it out!!!... 
 <3 <3 <3 Also The Originals will be offering Double Points this Friday February 12th as well in honor of... 
 DOUBLE POINT TUESDAY: If you're a Power Card Member. Use your card at Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant,... 
 A great day to have a hot bowl of Cascone's Chicken and Pasta Soup for lunch
 Chef Don Pepe is Featuring Lake Superior Walleye at Johnny Cascone's tonight
 We're Wearing Red for Heart Disease Awareness 
 All of our employees will be wearing RED pins tomorrow in support of Heart Disease Awareness. We will also be... 
 Early Dinner Specials tonight at Cascone's & Johnny Cascone's smaller portions 11 of our favorite dinner entrees for $9.99. 3pm- 5:30pm
 Briarcliff Community Alliance Cookbook Featuring Recipes from Cascones 
 Trying to decide on a recipe to submit to this year's Savor Magazine??? 
 Thank you to all who supported Kansas City Restaurant Week 2010 by dining at Cascone's & Johnny Cascone's. We're glad to have participated
 Working on our menu for Valentine's Day <3 I hope you'll join us.  We're taking reservations :) 
 
 great start to  excited for the days to come... Stop by either restaurant and check out our lunch and dinner menus
 Great star to 
  Cascone's & Johnny Cascone's both have Sauteed Whitefish on the menu for lunch for all of our vegetarian friends..
 Look for a great lunch coupon offer from Cascone's Restaurants ( Cascone's Italian Restaurant & Johnny Cascone's... 
 Tuesday Fried Chicken Special is only  Cascone's... Cascone's North serves up Fried Chicken Nightly
 Fried Chicken Tuesday Special...IT'S DELICIOUS!!! Come in and have some of our homemade fried chicken, mashed... 
 blogkc    New post:: KC Restaurant Week benefits Harvesters 
 DOUBLE POINT TUESDAY: if you're a Power Card Member. Use your card at Johnny Cascone's Italian Restaurant,... 
 Chef DonPeppe is cooking up something delicious  in Overland Park
 KC Originals Web Certificates go on sale  Purchase gift certificates to Johnny Cascone's &Cascone's far a discount www.kcoriginals.com
 KC Originals Web Certificates go on sale  this morning.. Purchase gift certificates to Johnny Cascone's;... 
 Follow us on Twitter for Daily Specials and Promotions:  
 Visit us at either of our locations: Cascone's North in Kansas City, MO or Johnny Cascone's in Overland Park, KS!!!
