  Good plan! That's about all you can do on days like today.
  You bet! Just working today...glad I'm not outside. What's up with you?
   No no... It's fun to watch. Feel kinda dirty though...
  No such thing as a dumb question.
   You two...
  Literary brilliance abounds on Grindr. Though that was a very true statement ;-)
  You'll love it - she put on a great show here a few months ago.
 My favorite: black-eyed susans. 
  Best. Pizza. Ever.
 NYU orientation. ( Kimmel Center for University Life w/ 3 others) 
 Excited! My Air France shot from SXM made it to the top photos on jetphotos.net! 
 I'm at TD Bank (7955 Metropolitan Avenue, 80th Street, Middle Village) 
 Will and Bernice. 
 Mandy. 
  Just open the hard drive - the window that opens showing files should also tell you capacity and space left.
  It was a good year, wasn't it?
  thanks! It's all that airbrushing :-)
 So the question is: do I fly home for my 20-year high school reunion or no? And now you all know how old I am.
  Always a plus. :-)
  Maybe they're in the mood for a road trip?
  Ha! Well good afternoon to you :-)
  That's Jackson on the left and Maxwell on the right.
 What a beautiful morning.  
  Thanks, Paul!
  Thanks for the  !
  Always such a good show. :) well glad to see you again!
  Doing great here...how about you?
  why hello! Where have you been?!?
 It's a lazy holiday for Max. 
 Back home. 
 Ahhhhhhhh home! ( John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK) w/  [pic]: 
  We need to get on your calendar soon!
  Yes! We've been in St. Maarten since Saturday. Back home tomorrow.
 I'm at Maho Beach w/   
 Air France A340 landing at SXM. Awesome. 
 I'm at Sunset Bar & Grill w/   [pic]: 
 Spending today at Maho beach. Sun, water and planes; this might be heaven.
 Landing at SXM on Saturday.  
  It's been great so far!
 Hanging by the pool in St. Maarten. 
 Our ride to SXM.  
 Really  ... Two employees at the JFK bag drop on a Saturday morning?
 Off to St. Maarten! ( John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK) w/  
 RT  Final   vote: ayes 33, nays 29.
 I'm at Florence & The Machine- Central Park Summer Stage w/  
  Thanks, Paul!
 Marina and the Diamonds! 
 I'm at Webster Hall w/   
 Let's play Hanging With Friends. My username is 'Skotnyc'.  
 I'm at Yogo Monster (7019 Austin St, btw 70th Ave. and 70th Rd., Forest Hills) 
 I'm at Casa de SWM (69th Ave, Forest Hills) 
  Our cat generates enough hair each week to create a whole new kitty. Our vacuum is well used.
 T-minus 7 days until St. Maarten. Ready for a pool, a beach and low-flying jets. 
  Exactly :)
  Yep was all three of us.
  We did!
 By far the oldest person at the Katy Perry concert who wasn't drug there by his teen daughter and her friends.
 I'm at TD Bank (7955 Metropolitan Avenue, 80th Street, Middle Village) 
 Let's play Words With Friends. My username is 'Skotnyc'.  
 Maxwell over it all. 
  Kinda figured. :) how are you? All settled in after the move?
 Jackson loves sleeping on our little piece of outdoor real estate. 
  Is he actually a missionary or is just trying to look like one? Thinking no with that haircut...
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Panache on  
  Definitely do!
  They're good dogs. :) All is well here! Can't believe we've lived here a year now.
  Good morning to you! How's everything?
 Morning walk aka squirrel hunt. 
 The scene:  and  on either side of me receiving naked pictures from random guys while I watch wheel of fortune.
 Final exam in my final class here! ( LaGuardia Community College w/ 3 others) 
 Seeing my favorite Hitchcock film ever...Vertigo...on the big screen. Ahhhh.
 Crazy Canadians. We <3 them! 
 Yum. 
 I'm at LaGuardia Airport (LGA) (Grand Central Pkwy, East Elmhurst) w/ 60 others 
 So about a month later it *appears* we have a working refrigerator again. Check back with me tomorrow to see if it's still below 50 degrees.
 Notes from the rapture. 
 I'm at Karaoke Duet 48 w/  
 Adele! ( Beacon Theatre w/ 65 others) 
 What? Not enough related songs for iTunes to create a Genius playlist from Lindsay Lohan's "Bossy"? Sad day.
  Congrats!
 Why didn't they add "and we give this marriage a less than 50 percent chance of success." 
  I'm sure some aren't expecting bowling scores. :-) been well here; you?
 Suck it. 
  And back at you :-)
  I know!
 No beer til after 6:30? Wtf? ( Whitestone Lanes) 
 I'm at NYU College Of Nursing (726 Broadway, New York) 
  I learn all I need from Twitter.
  I agree :-)
  d.t.e = down to earth I'd say. 
 I'm at Planeview Park (23rd Ave & 85th St, East Elmhurst) 
 Watching last week's Glee and the Tivo cut out for two minutes. Since this show has been devoid of plot for months we didn't miss a thing.
 I'm at John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK) w/  
 Why do people insist on rolling their bags down the narrow plane aisle and then act so shocked when it gets caught on an arm rest?
  LAX or New York?
 Heading back home. ( Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) w/ 107 others) 
  Good luck with that. Thank god they bought US Airways; I got sick of seeing American West in print.
 Since when does Oklahoma City havt a basketball team? Not that I keep up with these things really but I had no clue.
 I'm at SpaTerre at the Riviera Palm Springs (1600 North Indian Canyon, Vista Chino, Palm Springs) 
 Day 2 in Palm Springs. This is rough. 
 I just became the mayor of Zen Hideaway on  
  I'd guess briefs...
  Nothing wrong with that :-)
 Our house in Palm Springs comes complete with this creepy beach towel. 
 Our home for the weekend. ( Zen Hideaway) 
 In n Out AND planes landing. Heaven. ( In-N-Out Burger w/ 7 others) 
 I'm at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) w/  
  Hush! You just flew around the world. :-) mini-vacation to NYC soon!
 It's a lovely day for flying  
 Off to Palm Springs! ( John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK) w/ 72 others) 
  Just for fun...long weekend...rented a house with friends.
 Last day of work and then Palm Springs. :-) ( TD Bank) 
  Let's do it!
  exactly the same! Totally perfect. :-)
  speaking of dynasty...Joan Collins is at the Kylie concert with me. Well not with me...but you get it
 Almost over...such a great show! 
 Kylie! 
 Who knew Joan Collins was a Kylie fan.
  I'm a marine.
  Sure! Move to NYC. :-) Though none of those is ever guaranteed...
 Kylie! ( Hammerstein Ballroom w/ 40 others) 
 RT  PET MATE: Spending time with a pet can be more effective at reducing stress than friends, partners or alcohol.
 Most of the Muzak that plays at work is awful but I'd say the flute instrumental of Gangster's Paradise surpasses all others.
   It's not constant...maybe just 3 to 4 times a week.
 I may or may not have left my zipper down for the last half-hour at work. 
  Thanks for the  Justin!
  Awww thanks Paul!
 Loud thunder...both Jackson and Max are shaking under the desk. Poor guys :(
  Sorry about all your travel issues. Was it because of weather?
  Just taking nutrition this term - last prerequisite for the nursing program I start in September.
  Sounds like an excellent visit to the gym then :-)
  Hey! Doing well...weekend was good. How about yours?
  Doing well here, Nathyn; just home from work and getting ready for class tonight. How are you?
 "He was only interested in me because I was wearing a mini skirt and no panties." 
  Going...but back tomorrow. Seeing Will's family in PA.
 View from my  flight this morning. 
 RT  Looking at plane pictures on airliners.net 
  That is no fun...done that myself with paint before. Well soon enough you'll be all settled and enjoying everything. :-)
 Scream 4! ( UA Midway Stadium 9 Theater w/  
 "...it is my honor and privilege to share with you that you have been admitted to the College of Nursing at New York University." YES!!!
  Hope everything went well with the move! The unpacking is the fun part. :)
  probably needs a new battery.
  I'm afraid it says creepy more than sexy...
 One button on these button-fly jeans keeps popping open. 
  Super. :)
  Fun! If you do and care to meet up just let me know.
  OMG are you coming to NYC?
 I just became the mayor of Casa de SWM on  
  I am intrigued!
 Any shirt that tells you it's "wrinkle free" or "no iron" is a filthy liar.
  Going to start watching it soon! Love Chopped.
 I'm at Casa de SWM (69th Ave, Forest Hills) 
 So excited about the new toy  brought me from Tokyo. 
 RT  Today is definitely a "buy an entire Dairy Queen cake for myself" kind of day.
 Picking up  ( John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK) w/ 83 others) 
  I know him.
 I need a margarita. ( Dallas BBQ w/ 2 others) 
  Thanks, Paul!
  Thanks, Chris! Have a good weekend :-)
  I actually don't watch it but  is and I'm sitting here amazed at the fact someone thought doctors singing would be good.
 Does anyone actually watch Grey's Anatomy anymore? This shit is awful.
  Well pop over here then...I'm reading about carbohydrate digestion. Doesn't get much more dull ;)
  Doing well! Just busy with school/work so have been rather quiet on here lately. Trying to rectify that :) How've you been?
  I have to show something for all this $ I'm spending on science classes!
  Tears from your eyes actually drain through a duct into your nose. Thus the running. And that concludes today's lesson.
  Just sold our C30 in November. Loved that car.
  I'm really puzzled by that 1,000+ number...
  I didn't realize you needed tickets for that.
 We're discussing diabetes in class and I keep wanting to say "drink yer juice Shelby."
  lol none unfortunately. Still holding out for a hair-ripping girl fight before the semester ends.
 I love my professor. Not only does she look and sound like Sammi from Jersey Shore, but she's already hand graded our exam from Monday.
  I'd guess diet coke.
   Thank you for translating. I was puzzled by CLM as well.
  Even better.
  Then you must do it. And be sure someone is recording.
  I should shut my mouth...hate to see what sort of face you might catch me making in a pic like that.
  Why is he making that face? Looks like he might be shitting his pants. 
  It's definitely no Florida when it come to weather. :)
  Good luck with the job hunt. Where in TN were you...briefly? Used to live in Memphis.
  Have plans tomorrow; next time?
  Hey thanks :-) But I've got nothing on you!
  Just add vinegar.
 RT  Your email would have totally fit on 1 sheet of paper had it not been for your cutesy "please consider the environment" sig
  So far so good...anxiously awaiting a decision on my nursing school app. Hope all is well in your corner of the world :-)
  Jealous! When do you leave?
  I just don't get it. How was Hawaii?
 What is it about self-pics with a cell phone that causes people to pout their lips so ridiculously?
 I'm at TD Bank (7955 Metropolitan Avenue, 80th Street, Middle Village) 
 Ellie Goulding concert! ( Webster Hall w/ 33 others) 
 Apparently in line at Costco behind a stripper as she is paying her $366 bill in singles.
  Sad we're not there :-(
 I'm at City Winery w/   
 RT  Go ILLINOIS!
  Lol that's perfect. Pie *always* calls the next day.
  Pie!
  If by "turn up the gay" you mean give the customer a handjob then yes.
  Thanks, Paul! Happy almost weekend. :-)
  Hey thanks! Even though I'm only gold now...sniff sniff.
  RT  DELTA suspends Tokyo Haneda service till May 2011 
  You should try a travel mat. Thinner but much easier to pack.
  Doing well; just off work and heading home. How are you?
  Thanks for the  Paul. Hope you have a good weekend!
  Working tomorrow so I can't :-(
  Thanks Paul; you too! Starting back to school again tonight for spring.
 Back to school... ( LaGuardia Community College w/ 4 others) 
  Thanks, Paul! Happy almost weekend.
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Home on  
  Good morning to you!
  We tried to give our cats an IQ test but they had trouble holding their pencils.
 Love this one. RT  Classic Photo: This DC-10-30 had a combined Northwest Airlines / KLM livery 
  It's good...feeling settled and ready for better weather to start enjoying it more.
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Home on  
  I've really fallen off the FB wagon. Perhaps I'll work on that, too. :)
  Don't tweet as much as I used to but am working on that. :) Week is going well so far; how about for you?
 I joined Twitter on the 13th of November 2007 (1,205 days ago). Find your age at 
  Thanks! Keeping my fingers crossed :)
  Thanks, Seth! All is well here. How's life back in Memphis?
 Just submitted my NYU nursing school application. Now to wait...
  No idea! Creepy, eh?
 I just ousted Derik A. as the mayor of Home on  
 I'm at LGA - Marine Air Terminal (LaGuardia Airport, Marine Air Terminal, East Elmhurst) 
 Last flight as a  platinum...sad day. ( Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) ✈ w/ 71 others) 
  you can't go wrong with those three ingredients!
 RT  Classic: A Braniff International B747-273 at Gatwick in 1979, this was leased from World Airways. 
 Just saw two 757s with new United colors. ( Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) ✈ w/ 68 others) 
 My ride to Chicago. 
 Off to Chicago for my sister's 40th! ( LGA - Marine Air Terminal w/ 2 others) 
 Finally finished Atlas Shrugged. Feel like I ran a literary marathon.
 RT  my version of heaven is if I could eat as much coffee ice cream as I want without any of the negative health effects.
 Karaoke Rick roll! 
  Fun! I <3 monopoly.
 Time to sing! ( Karaoke Duet 48 w/   
  It's a great book...worth getting through :-)
  Warm it up for me...will be there in August.
  Welcome to the world of airline mergers. Lots more of you competing for those upgrades now. Try to enjoy the flt anyway!
  I'm sure they still love you...just love the people who bought first-class tickets a little more. :-/
  OMG flying in coach?!? ;-)
 This Baskin Robbins-Dunkin Donuts combo is a great idea. Only better if there was someone here to take our order.
   Very romantic.
 I'm at Home (69th Avenue, Queens Blvd, Forest Hills) 
 My sister reports 6-foot drifts outside her front door in Chicago. Makes our little ice storm seem quite tame.
 A mouse just scampered into our class. Neato..
 Edwina really had it right: we need to tax the stupid people.
  I'm constantly amazed at how rarely I have to charge my Kindle. Love it.
  Thanks for the  !
  Thanks for the  !
 It's sad to work with so many people who clearly hate their jobs.
 After tonight I'm 2/3 done with this class. Short semesters are tough but glad it's going by quickly.
 View from my window at work. Running out of places to put snow. 
  Some people need coffee to start their day...others just need something a little different.
 $10 for $20 or $15 for $30 at Bath & Body Works' Online Store - not bad for stuff I buy anyway!  
 Another storm, another 15+ inches of snow. At least I get to go into work two hours later.
  No complaints here! Just keeping busy with school & work. Hope you had a good birthday. :-)
 Wishing a very happy birthday to  :-)
  I didn't know he was on ESPN!
 Interesting name for a plumbing business. 
  That would have been funny. :-) Are you staying at the Divi again?
  Your timing is much better!
 The snow was fun at first but I'm good now. Five more months til St. Maarten...five more months til St. Maarten...
  Ouch.
 RT  RT  Only three hours 'til the  maul the Packers. 
  Here's mine: 
  How about a 747-100 in the TWA globe livery at JFK.
 
 I'm at John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK) ✈ (Van Wyck Expy, Queens) w/ 33 others 
  Wheee! looking forward to you guys being here.
  Where are you heading?
 Charlotte Martin 
 Charlotte Martin! ( Joe's Pub w/  
 Why are all my classmates in such a panic? There's no test until next week. Seriously people. Relax a bit.
  That sounds like one yummy breakfast!
  Is that chocolate on the plate with the pita oozing with peanut butter?
  Congrats on the marathon finish!
 On Telemundo, Twister is Tornado.
  Love that movie.
  Yeah right!
  I'm up for that! I need some new cologne anyway. :)
  I've never had it done and don't plan to. :-)
  I would think so too but people I know who've had it done say it's not bad.
  It seems like something that shouldn't work. I'm sure it's really not that interesting but I'm bored waiting for my haircut. :-)
 Eyebrow threading fascinates me.
 Award tickets to Kauai in August officially booked. Wheee!
 There were 26 people registered for this class when it started Monday. There are now 12. I guess some people have commitment issues?
 Two weeks off went far too quickly...back to school tomorrow with microbiology.
  My pleasure!
  I wasn't...watched it on TV in the comfort of my apartment with complete access to toilet facilities :-)
  Thanks! Am doing well...having a quiet day. How about you?
  It stores excess bile made by the liver.
 Happy 2011!
  I was in Memphis for 7 years; moved here in June. Quite a change!
  Welcome to New York! Hope you have fun while you're here...avoid the slush!
  Been doing well...how about you? And I've never been to Dallas but it might be easier for you to visit the three of us. :)
  Oh L'amour...
  I second that.
 I guess there's a little snow... ( John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK) ✈ w/  
 Finally heading home. I think. ( Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) ✈ w/ 3 others) 
  I like my full case - feel like it protects the screen better.
  Happy birthday!
 Have you disabled online check in   ? Keeps telling me no valid itinerary found even though departure is <24 hrs.
 Shaving a face with a razor made for shaving legs yields less-than-optimal results. 
  Supposed to fly ORD-JFK Dec 26 rebooked to today which is now rebooked for 12/29. Anything earlier?
 I just became the mayor of Mom's Place on  
 Rebooked flight from yesterday canceled; won't be back in NYC til Wednesday morning now. Hopefully.
 Crab legs make for an awesome Xmas dinner.
  I know! Maybe the cats will take pictures.
 Looks like I'm spending another day in Chicago...tomorrow's flight canceled. Thanks  for the call, email and text with my new flight!
 Finally home! ( Mom's Place) 
  Really. They were also drinking a couple beers too. Not so bright these two.
 The two gentlemen who thought it wise to light up outside our plane while boarding won't be spending Xmas in Chicago as planned. 
 Snow! ( Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) ✈ w/ 16 others) 
 Heading back home for Xmas. ( John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK) ✈ w/ 74 others) 
 Happy birthday to  !
 Dropping Matty off for his trip home. ( LaGuardia Airport (LGA) ✈ w/ 36 others) 
 Holy hell! Miracle of miracles: I pulled out an A in chemistry. 
 Adorable shar-pei puppy! 
 Last two exams done? Check. Semester done? Check. Second drink of the evening done? Almost check.
 I believe that today I took my last chemistry exam. Ever. Oddly this does not sadden me.
 RT  If people knew how stupid they sound out loud, they would save some conversations for later
 A bit late in the day but happy birthday to  !
 Happy birthday to  !
  I think every gentleman caller should have one, so yes. :-) Burgundy or aubergine?
  I know I've been quiet lately...since I've been back in school my twittering has suffered. Working on a stellar comeback.
  Are you wearing your velvet smoking jacket?
 This pisses me off. RT  No!!! RT  File under Reality TV Disillusionment: Cash Cab is fake. 
  LOL. All is fine...he was filing a report on a lost credit card.
  No no, that's just US Airways' new way of generating new revenue.
 Tree is up! 
 I'm at Petey's Burger w/   
   Maybe I'll try taking my next exam drunk. Might be more fun.
  Is it Chuy?
  It will be short lived for me; next exam is on Wednesday. :-/
  Be happy to make room. :-)
 Excited I can go home and relax with  ,  and some wine with no exams to study for.
  Was there in June. Loved it so much we're going back next June :-)
  St Martin is beautiful...highly recommend if you're so inclined.
  Well I guess it's something. Loud commercials are annoying.
 Priorities are in line I see. RT  House sends to Obama bill to quiet blaring TV commercials  
 Lovely weather. Looking forward to all the umbrella carcasses littering the sidewalks this afternoon. 
  Where do you shop? I need to switch.
  I'd put my money on the woman here if they start throwing punches...she scares me.
  Perhaps we should introduce the two...they can irritate each other instead of the rest of us.
 This woman at work has two volumes: not speaking and yelling. It's very calming.
  He's so cute. :-)
 Tried out our new panini press for dinner tonight. It pretty much made getting up at 2 a.m. on Black Friday worth it.
 I'm at John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK) ✈ (JFK International Airport, at Van Wyck Expy, Queens) w/ 39 others
 Didn't even get manhandled by TSA. Sad. ( Pittsburgh International Airport (PIT) ✈ w/ 9 others) 
 I can't believe I'm shopping at 3 am.
  At least you have good wine to dull the pain. :-)
 This holiday decoration was inspired by the Human Centipede. 
  Exactly. I thought he was at first when I saw a subway ad but then I saw a TV commercial and changed my mind.
  Nope...I don't think he is either.
 Just met Mike Holmes! ( Borders Book Store w/   
 Two words I love for dinner: sushi and delivery.
  Happy to answer any questions. :-)
  Love my Kindle but admit I don't know much about the Nook.
 This place rocks. ( Karaoke Duet 35) 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Home on  
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Home on  
  Those vendors don't usually remain vendors for much longer.
 I never thought I'd see a Wall Street Journal hedcut of Snooki. 
 I just ousted Carl M. as the mayor of TD Bank on  
  Thank you!
 I'm at Boxers NYC Sportsbar w/   
 There's nothing quite like driving to JFK on Friday at 4:30. Shoot me now.
 Happy hour! After two exams I need this drink. ( Corfu Grill) 
  Hey! How's it going?
  You are welcome. :-) If your schedule allows we should try to meet up when your here next. Even for a quick coffee or something.
 A very happy birthday to  !
 I'm at John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK) ✈ (JFK International Airport, at Van Wyck Expy, Queens) w/ 72 others
  Likely not.
 Birthday dinner! ( The Smith w/  
  Thanks! :-)
  Thank you!
  Hello to you...six days later. I must pay attention to Twitter more...
  Oh dear. As much as it pains me to admit, I did have a mullet back in high school. Simply awful.
 RT  ARRIVAL DELAYS >>  93min;  102min;  299min;  106min;  36min <5 hours?!?>
  But it appears JC Penney is still open so all is not lost.
  Where are you flying to?
 Whenever I try to use the wireless at school I get nostalgic for my 56kbps modem. I could recreate these web pages faster than they load.
 Happy 50th to The Flintstones.  They are forever immortalized on my right ankle.
  The lord never sleeps.
 I'm at City Winery w/   
  Not too often...maybe once every few months.
 Some shots from today's planespotting at JFK: 
  Suuuuuuure it was from yard work. ;-)
  Absolutely!
  The world just keeps getting smaller...:)
  We're in the John Adams.
  Not sure if it was a tornado but this is what our neighborhood looks like now: 
  We're practically neighbors! We're at 69th Ave and Queens. My pics of our hood: 
  Where are you? Is that on Queens Blvd.?
  Not sure where you lived but this is our neighborhood in Forest Hills. 
  We are fine...out building seems to have no damage. Everything around us is a disaster though.
 Photos of the aftermath of the tornado or whatever came through Queens. 
 I'm at Vivian & Jason's Place (Booth St., 68th Avenue).
  It came out of nowhere!  Had no time to get down there.
 I believe a tornado just passed above us. Wow.
  Never too early.
 I'm obsessed with the mess that's America.
  Really! Received an e-mail today and connected my MR account to my Amazon account. Was very easy to do. :)
 Happy birthday Nathyn! ( The Smith Restaurant w/ 3 others) 
