 If Obama spoke at Comic Con...  via 
 Bye, Pittsburgh. I'm off to Baltimore, recording  w/  at 4PM, then diving into this all-new  footage.
   But if you need interesting things to do in Baltimore, try Fells Point,  or the Museum of Industry.
   Close. I'll be holed up in a secret location *editing*  which resumes new episodes on Monday.
 Shit. We have football. I was looking forward to a winter without it, if only for the experience.
 RT  Tim Hetherington's final images, shot in Libya just before he was killed. 
   I think most of us have given up and checked out of the process. They'll find a way to keep the screw machine running.
 Do you have a  account? If not, grab one: A 2GB online storage account is free! 
 RT  Did we mention we have ALL-NEW EPISODES starting on Monday Aug 1? Get ready for 9 straight weeks of caffeinated snark.
 Making art from something you probably didn't think art could be made from: 
 RT  The real test of a social medium's power isn't it's "profit"--but the opposite: whether it can topple entrenched institutions.
 RT  The intriguing and sometimes morbid Barbie tableau photography of Mariel Clayton 
  I have not. My love affair with Broadway is mostly unconsummated.
 This pigeon has taken the same NYC ferry ride every day for the past 3 years. 
  No, I believe he eventually stopped fighting dysentery and they became friends.
 Coffee, rain & a mountainous to-do list. This is what Daniel Boone was fighting for as he hacked his way westward.
  I could use more days like that, intermixed with more sleep. Zzzzzzzz...
 This week, I said goodbye to a friend of 5 years, got stranded on a sandbar & was interviewed on the CBC. 
  Pithy makes the world go round.
 Say you wake up tomorrow & your Twitter following has grown to 10 times its current size. What does that change for you?
  If so,  & I will be camped out overnight for midnight tickets to a West Coast Avengers movie. Mockingbird & Wonder Man FTW!
  Moderately. But it's rare that I have a stretch of "free" time in Pittsburgh, so I'll risk mixing business with social.
 RT  America's real "default" happened a long time ago. When it ritualized the pursuit of "profit" over the creation of meaningfu ...
   I don't think that was a joke. More like an eventuality.
 RT  Congrats to gay couples marrying in NY today. A true step forward. And I can tweet that because I'm not running for re-electi ...
 RT  Disappointed to see  is trending. Not only is it bad grammar, but frankly I have no problem with any  ...
 Heading to South Side Crazy Mocha at 4 to get some work done. If you're in the area, stop by and say hi.
 RT  RS  No matter how one feels about govt, it is the only thing stopping corps from arming and (openly) taking u ...
 RT  somehow fundamentalist attacks ON muslims doesn't get the title "terrorism", just "massacre"  
  Oh, I have clues. It's stringing them together that presents a challenge.
 Today is a non-filming day for  but still a working day for me. Time to drink coffee & make sense of life.
    No sir, I do not.
  Maybe you live in a clockwork building, and Sophia just pulls the levers and oils the machines.
 RT  When a Muslim commits terror, every Muslim in the world somehow shares responsibility. When it's a white Christian, he's  ...
 RT  'Tragic day for Norway, shameful day for journalism.' 
 RT  What happens when you put a coffee table at a bus stop? 
  Is your neighbor The Rock? Because he'll want to know if you can smell what he's cooking. He's very clear about this.
 You think you have it bad in this heat?  is dealing with droughts that may kill her cattle. Perspective, yo.
  It's all a matter of context and perspective, which most of us sorely lack. Good luck with your situation.
  That does suck. But your situation is way different from "I can't believe I had to walk four whole blocks in this."
  Something tells me that tweeting, Facebooking or publicly relating their annoyance with the heat wouldn't have saved them.
  Truly, we could say this about anything, every day.
 Christ, people, it's just weather. You'll make it.
  Amazingly, I'm the only person in the cafe who had a problem with it. So, *shrug*.
 HERE IS WHAT YOU SHOULD DO: PLAY WEB VIDEO NEWS CLIPS AT MAX VOLUME WITHOUT HEADPHONES IN PUBLIC OH MY GOD JESUS SO LOUD
 Hey freelancers:  is booking guests for the next 5 weeks of our  podcast. Want to be on?  him.
 Making the shooting schedule for  over the next 4 days. Remember logic problems with graphs? It's like that, but with humans.
 Whatever you're mad about right now? Somehow, it's actually your fault. So just calm down, fix it, get better, move on.
 If your Friday needs some jaunty swagger, try this: Spoon ~ "Don't You Evah" 
 My most-read blog post of the past month ~ "Hey You: Stop Wasting Good Blog Titles!" 
 What the F--- is the MPAA Thinking? 
 Cool art alert! Guy turns photos into multilayered metal sculptures, custom, is taking orders. 
 Sure thing,  Those of us who vent on Twitter should also make it a point to say thanks when it's due.
 Hey ITs & bloggers: How  fixed my badly corrupted blog, w help from our host  
 My corrupted blog has been restored to normal by  He needs to add "Blog Whisperer" to his business card.
 My old roommate  worked on the FX for Harry Potter. So, what's next for those UK FX houses? 
  Had the guy done something more nefarious, Apple would be taking heat for leaving things unlocked. It's a preventative frightstorm.
 Wow. Best wishes to   after whatever this was: 
  Thanks for the thought, but I'm transitioning away from for-pay video work. Plus, I doubt I have the skillz they probably want.
  I think both sides in that case are wrong, and it seems likely that it'll lead to more specific litigation down the line.
 A  sighting?  That's cool. We'd love to have Debbie do more episodes. I'll drop her a line.
 RT  Love the perspective  shares in this interview with CBC News. Twitter relationship dynamics perverse ;) ht ...
 Had a blast shooting  this week, but I hope the cast stays healthy. 2 down in 4 days is a bit worrisome.
 We talk freelance planning & finding productive routine on today's  show. live.sorgatronmedia.com at 4PM.
  (Shhhh. I'm in Pittsburgh this week. Don't tell.)
  The making of that interview is more amusing than the interview itself. I'll blog the story once my blog's back from the dead.
 Here's the CBC interview I did last night about the impact of Twitter ~ I'm on about 43 minutes in. 
  Enjoy. The seafood capital of the east coast will presumably hold up its end of the bargain. ;)
  That is the choice most visitors make. I'm glad to hear it was the right one. Their bumper stickers are on every car ever made.
 Strange things afoot with my blog backups today. Recovering from a corrupt database is becoming an interesting problem.
 Thanks  I wasn't sure how I came across on  Staring at myself in a camera is a bit surreal.
 Just got interviewed for a CBC news bit about Twitter. I believe they'll send me the link to it tomorrow. Thanks, CBC!
 News of the World whistleblower Sean Hoare found dead: 
 The most expensive keyword categories in Google AdWords. (Number 20: "cord blood." Who knew?) 
  The film's kickoff is fuzzy for anyone who's not up to speed, but I understand epic structure so I mostly filled in the blanks.
  Not yet. I understand they're wildly better than the films, so I'd like to go back and read them now.
 Saw the last Harry Potter movie just now, despite having missed the last 3. Quite good. I love a nice classic epic.
 You may be on to something,  Another good backup plan: subscribe to your own blog via email delivery.
  Thanks, I'll be investigating that.
  I'll probably rebuild a few of those posts from Google caches, but not all of them. Just the ones that are worth the effort.
 How I Erased the Past 18 Months of My Blog: 
  Quite so. Actually, all of my top posts, period, are gone. The old db may be fixable, but my fingers are barely crossed.
 My blog corrupted over the weekend, and the most recent uncorrupted backup was from January 2010. Upside: I gain a year.
  That would be a tidy little romantic dramedy, wouldn't it?
   I also think people's lives improve once they're aware that they're not the only ones they have an impact on.
 A little Sunday inspiration, courtesy of a parachute that wouldn't open: 
   Enjoy Orlando, California, and all other points of relaxation for  cast members. See you soon.
  No, appears to be a problem. I'll look into it. Thanks for the update.
  Questionable communication rides again...
 RT  Kenyan farmers build beehives into fences, keep out elephants and get a new crop. Cool.   Hat tip  ...
  I don't consider myself a social media expert, so I don't feel obligated to adopt every new tool. I limit my time investment.
  Of all the things I have going on right now, making time to learn another social platform is low on my list.
 I hear Pittsburgh is rising like a phoenix from the ashes this weekend. As goes  so go the Pirates?
 RT  No matter how many social media sites I have open, I'm still home alone on Friday night. Pitiful.
  I'm sure G+ is great for those who make use of it. I just don't have time for another (in my case, redundant) channel.
  I got burned out by all the social media "me too"-ism after 4 days and pulled my G+ plug. My life is white noise-y enough.
    Having already killed my G+ account, that's a definite no.
    It seems Justin Kownacki would leave town without checking Twitter all day. Make of that what you will.
 The Smurfs movie looks, in its way, to be as much of a bastardization of our childhoods as the Transformers movies are.
  Actually, I think  might want to actually audition for  when we cast for new roles later this year.
 Hey Pittsburgh: Want to be extras in an upcoming episode of my series   or DM me for available times.
 An incredibly perceptive article on what the Muppets have been missing since Jim Henson died: 
  Could also depend on who's doing the informing, and about what. My FB peeps have diff (& broader) expertise than my TW peeps.
  Yes, but fiction can't worry about authenticity. "Compelling" is what keeps TV on the air. Authenticity is for documentaries.
  That premise is pretty clear. FB is visually driven; Twitter is info-driven. No wonder FB has the broader attraction.
  I haven't watched the show yet, but I get the impression I should.
 An oral history ~ The making of Friday Night Lights: 
 My most-read post over the past month: Debunking Yet Another Twitter vs. Facebook Study: 
 I wonder which of my neighbors I need to thank for this ongoing band saw serenade at 12:45 in the morning.
 The Daily Show is never worse than when Stewart brings on a "comedy legend" he feels the need to adulate. 
 RT  Check out  ~ donate to help people with the big things in life. For example: 
 "Is gold money?" Ben Bernanke vs. Ron Paul ~ 
 The photo that took 30 years to take. 
 Forgot my umbrella. This walk home is going to be a soggy one, testing the waterproofishness of my laptop bag. Oy.
  You mean the moment when people begrudingly admit that only Romney, Bachmann and Perry have a chance? It's called resignation.
 Thanks! RT  A really nice, short & sweet post by  Why Bad Blog Traffic Is Good For You 
 What can your business learn from the PR problems that this sport is having? 
  Thanks. Now check back in 20 years and see if the rest of the country has caught up to him, interest-wise.
 What you never wanted to know about the guy who invented Sea Monkeys. (Like, seriously.) 
 For my next trick, I will schedule 20+ peoples' schedules over 5 days to shoot 20+ scenes for  
 "I'm gay and I don't want to be. Is there any way to change that?" So, there's a steep conversation. 
 The problem with being good at something no one cares about: 
  I don't know if you NEED one, but if you want a table instead of a sofa, it's probably recommended. Especially on weekends.
  And if you're feeling museum-y, our most unusual are  and Baltimore Museum of Industry. Same area, well worth the visits.
  Brewers Art has (IMO) better food & beer than Church Brew Works. Pop Tacos is in Federal Hill, which we rarely visit. FH pkg sux.
   Mostly true, although Fell's is a more blue collar / homeless kind of drunk stupidity, and SSide is more frat-ish.
  And you may also want to explore The Avenue up in Hampden, which is half hipsters and half retired alcoholics.
  Fell's Point = pubs, restaurants, local shops. Less upscale than Squirrel Hill, more like South Side without all the nightclubs.
  Mt. Vernon = nice restaurants, art student housing, walkable to the symphony, and surprise drop-offs to undesirable areas. (cont.)
 There may be a future General Hospital actor in this cafe. As in, "they're paying to move me out there next week." Wild.
  That's a lot of Matlock DVDs at stake...
 Netflix users bitch about rate hike, despite the new prices STILL being the best on the market: 
 RT  So everyone is mad at Netflix? (putting on flame proof suit) but why is it we don't ever want to pay for stuff? Run ...
 So this is what being on top of the world looks like. Well, hell, they've earned it. [Gallery] 
   It's not their marriage vows they're pledging to uphold; it's yours. And the Bible's. 
  20 feet, onto concrete. 
 Josh Hamilton: a study in what it feels like to have the best AND worst week ever, in the same week 
  Audio SEO FTW.
 No fear required ~ Better ways to quit smoking: 
  Was incompatible with the Mac OS on my old laptop, which I rarely updated. New laptop can handle it fine.
  Thanks. So far, I've yet to see a demonstrable difference between it and Firefox (or anything else). *shrug*
   It's true. We're the DeVito and Schwarzenneger of the Mon Valley.
 Experimenting with Google Chrome. What should I know?
  Cool. I think some of my cast members on  may be extras in some of the scenes. More stories to come, I'm sure.
  Indeed. I've already heard pre-production stories about the new Batman film that have me shaking my head. We shall see... ;)
  I've already killed my Google+ account. I was on for less than a week and couldn't stand it.
 If you freelance, you'll dig our  podcast.  & I have had great guests & topics for 3 weeks now.
  He's been a pseudo-diplomat almost as long as he's been a player.
 The legacy of Yao Ming. (Yes, there is one. And it's better than you realize.)  by 
 According to  the key to the future is to never stop learning... or unlearning. 
 At 4PM  & I record this week's  show w/ guests  &  ~ live.sorgatronmedia.com
 RT  Josh wins for funny of the day. You can all go home. RT  Morning Funny - Dear Mark Zuckerburg (PIC) . ...
 kevinrose.com now forwards to his Google+ page. I hope businesses take note & forward their URLs to FB fan pages. 
  Indeed. I love watching The Wire, but I've managed to avoid becoming a narc in my free time. Self-control is a wonderful thing.
   Everyone who works for TLC is currently en route to your homes to "have a word with you."
   If it helps, white people also don't usually watch Hispanic movies, Asian movies, European movies, Canadian movies...
 RT  RT  Noticing lots of "Google+ for beginners" tweets. Seems some social media "experts" are like ambulance chasers. ...
 RT   I'm hoping Google+ can be a LiveJournal replacement.
  It's a nauseating race to master a new technology for the purposes of egotistical self-gain. Brace yourself for the webinars.
  It's always on the air in our hearts.
 May need to start pruning my followers again. My use "talks a lot about Google+" as a criterion.
 Why you don't really need to be on Google+ yet (or maybe ever). 
   Only if you don't think you'll make the goal, in which case,  doesn't require you to hit your limit.
  I presume they have a policy in place for that. 
  And the way it's written makes the "specialist" look exclusively at fault, thereby calling the "specialist" title into question.
  Which, by default, means "do nothing." Way to lead proactively, right? ;)
  You need a social media policy so everyone can refer to the same rulebook. For everyone's safety.
 Social media specialist gets fired for inadvertently tweeting the truth, via  
  As for that firing article, good lord. I can see both sides, but ultimately, it comes down to, "You told the truth. Get out." Oy.
  Spammers would only seize on our safe word. Or Entenmann's would... 
  That looks like spam. Is it spam? I'm afraid to click. 
 My site  just got a hat tip from  for helping cover this awesome story. :) 
 Why can't DC, which invented superhero comics, get superhero comics right? Yet another reboot: 
 An observation about Jennifer Aniston (and public image) that's actually worth reading: 
  Exactly. Life's intangibilities can't always be measured by stats, which is why making plans based solely on numbers is limiting.
 Did you ever write a killer blog post that no one cared about? Here's why that may be a good thing: 
 What can your business learn from the way the Red Sox do business? 
  Who says they haven't? We'd have to hack some phones to find out, though... 
  You'd think. But Wikileaks didn't exactly become a cash cow. 
 I'm shocked people are so upset about the UK privacy hackers. In the age of the Patriot Act, I thought we gave up on expecting propriety.
 Does Your Business Really Need a Flying Elephant? [My take on Google+ for client  ~ 
 Mila Kunis suddenly makes every red-blooded American male wish he was a marine: 
  SHHHHH THEY CAN HEAR YOU.
 Your about.me profile could be a bit better. Like this one. 
  "Where can we find some downtrodden OH YEAH nevermind..."
 The recession isn't over for African-Americans; in fact, it's pretty fucking awful: 
 RT  PodCamp 6 Dates and Location Announced! 
 Why Bad Blog Traffic Is Good For You: 
  Do a TEDx talk in wherever you can get to locally. Rock it. Share the video. Climb the TED charts. Get invited upstairs. 
  In that case, more employers should be thanking their employees for exhibiting initiative & personality. ;)
 OH: "Any of these muffins fresh?" 
 Good luck at Ohio State, surprise-retiree Mike Vrabel.  [I still sport a Patriots Vrabel jersey.]
 Life is hell for one Casey Anthony juror: 
  In my mind, I'm only 48.
  He wouldn't want a night off. Scott Pelley hugs the news.
  New to anyone who hasn't seen it, though.
 60 Minutes = such a good way to present meaningful stories. Well done, week after week.
 Accidental Western Scene [photo]: 
  That's been the case for years. As in this book, for example: 
 "Thriller" Kid Steals the Show at Mariners Game:  [Seriously, this is impressive.]
 RIP Betty Ford: 
 I just spent most of the day masterminding a plan to postpone about 300 hours of work into 3 weeks. "Mastermind" indeed.
  Theater kids. Chicago's crawling with them.
  Like "10 Tips for Better Google+ SEO" & "What Google+ Can Teach You About Marketing" & "Your Big Money Guide to Google+" and...
  Stake out the Strip District farmer's markets on a Sunday morning. I'd wager your guns to My Morning Jacket t-shirt ratio is wide.
  Hmm... Maybe you should try dating men who live outside Fayette County.
  Sad but true. We went from "hey, look, we're underdog media voices" to "OMG WE CONTROLZZZ" in under 5 years.
 I'm building a tips blog for Kickstarter, IndieGoGo and other crowdfunding sites: www.crowdfundinghelp.com
  Actually, the headline "Users of Twitter and Google+ Remain Captivated by Themselves" would be more accurate.
 Hey Pittsburgh:  is working hard to get the city to think differently. Example: 
  Agreed. It's true that lead roles usually mute a performer's more interesting quirks. (Unless you're Johnny Depp.)
 Re-examining Colin Farrell: making the case that he's a great *character* actor, but not a lead. 
   Sale? What sale? ;)
 Ha! Thanks. :) RT  U R going to get me fired! Just watched an episode of  I'm hooked! 
 I'm using 35% of my Gmail storage space? Damn. I should spring clean that shit someday...
 Just had an intriguing convo with  about his blog  Have you Baltimoreans checked it out?
  I guess the new news is this:  via 
 Yay for  "I won't RT a poorly written article. My followers deserve better." 
 Interesting. Hey Pittsburgh:  suggests Dozen mourners try vanillapastry.com instead ~ "voted best in PGH by WPXI + a bit cheaper"
  I have no recollection of Vanilla Pastry Studio. Where / when was that?
 Woman may be jailed for planting a garden on her own property: 
  I get the luxury market angle. And I'm surprised they couldn't keep one open. But Pittsburgh's not a multi-cupcake boutique town.
 Dozen is closing down in Pittsburgh? Fuck. NOW where am I going to get $40 cupcakes in a down economy?
   Thanks for the compliment. Now I have to be on my best behavior... ;)
 Thanks  Glad to hear my "how to run a successful cafe" tips are useful. :) The tips: 
  I quake in expectant fear.
 The best worst customer service you'll read about today. 
 I'm filming new episodes of  this weekend. You can watch our first 11 episodes here: 
  That sounds like a memoir in the making. Please change the names to protect the serial offenders.
 Go sit and look at Facebook for at least a minute. And realize, 10 years from now, we'll be saying, "That? THAT was 
  I can imagine. Retail + liquor + perceived class system = hijinks galore. ;)
 [Awesome] ~ How to talk to little girls, by  (via  &  
 Want to tell better stories? Take a tip from The Twilight Zone: 
  Presuming that MySpace isn't an option, I'd vote LinkedIn. Just put your resume on your blog. Problem solved.
  Damned if I know. Cash money so fly.
  The future is overrated. Money money, baller.
  Environmentalism's job is to protects the environment, not businesses. Businesses do an awesome job of protecting themselves.
  I believe the captains of industry mentioned that further down the article.
 How two girl scouts are pissing off an entire industry:  via 
 Storytelling tips from... The Twilight Zone: 
 A reality check on Baltimore's public safety: we're not The Wire, but we're not perfect either. 
  That's probably why it needs to exist. Because there's not a lot of email that you REALLY need more than 500 characters for.
 If you freelance, work in social media or juggle biz + parenting, you'll dig this week's  with  
 Watching  and  have a Twitter pissing match re: the concept of perception. It's no Casey Anthony trial, but...
  Enforced shortness. Shortmail can only be 500 characters, which imposes brevity.
  Touche'. Although there's a diff between a crazed Grizzly Adams and a lifetime culture of thugging, that line is blurry.
  Question: I run the  blog, and I'm impressed by your Rockethub project. Up for a Q&A? If so, DM me. Thx!
 I claimed my name at . Fast Company calls it "Twitter for Email!" I call it "yet another URL to defensively register."
  Wolverine claws.
 If you're a Mortal Kombat fan (or a child of the '90s) and haven't seen this yet, you may dig it: 
 Architected by God, or failed when God glanced away? A new documentary about Ayrton Senna: 
  Sure they do. Because once you're available in the mainstream, there's almost no going back. Gatekeepers, yo.
  Right. I think it's more a problem of lobbying than science. He who has the deepest pockets gets on the shelf.
  Or, in the case of known toxins, just ignore the evidence anyway. But hey, freedom.
   Clearly this is when the Amish farmers of the world should form a lobbying group that's as powerful as Monsanto. 
 "How Many Doorways Do You Live Away from Murder?" 
 What's wrong with the FDA? 
 RT  Either Radiohead made some odd choices on this album or there's a crying baby behind me.
  Again, I'm sure some people will do amazing things with these tools. But my social marketing patience grows shorter every day.
  If a bunch of people sitting around a computer monitor videochatting about what they're seeing is the future, I'll be reading.
  Oh, I'm sure some people will find it immensely useful. I just don't care. I'll let someone else be the guru I could've been.
  I can delete a pre-beta because it's is filled with the exact same crap I find in every other channel. No one diversifies.
 Student splits his $40K in winnings among the runners-up instead: 
  Yes, but isn't there real news happening right now? Somewhere?
  Unpopular with whom? Crawfish? I thought the known world understood that Nancy Grace was a ghoul.
 Great episode of  today with  ~ it'll be on iTunes tomorrow. Freelance parents & social media pros, take note! :)
 Join me at 4PM on  when we talk w  about juggling freelance & family: live.sorgatronmedia.com
   In that case, please carry on the Google+ revolution without me. I have things to do.
  Was that question, "How can I make absolutely, positively sure I read the same things all day long?"
  Yes, exactly like that. Which is why i don't have one of those either.
 Google+ is the answer to a question that no one was asking.
   It's not about Google+ being "wrong." It's about it being entirely unnecessary.
  Keep your eyes on the Google+ chatstream and I'm sure they'll all come screaming their way into your inbox.
 I just deleted my Google+ account. Here's how you can kill yours: 
  I just don't think anyone NEEDS Google+. Who was like, "Man, how can I get more blog spam?"
 I just disabled all notifications from Google+. It joins Google Buzz as a service I'll be living without.
 RT  Google+ is just like Facebook, if Facebook consisted of nothing but geeks bragging about having their own social network t ...
 Dear bloggers: please stop doing this: 
  About the fact that anyone's year could be incomplete without a salad (which she could, FWIW, have made at home).
   We could also, you know, use Google+ for something OTHER than self-promotion to strangers. But oh hey why?
 Panera commercial: "I'd never tried strawberries on a salad before. Now my summer's just not complete without it." 
 OH: "What size?" // "Small." // "We only sell medium, large and extra large." // "...... medium?"
 Hey You: Stop Wasting Good Blog Titles 
   But why would we think on Google+ and not here? Hmm...
 The story of John Hancock's signature: 
  A day late for a response, but indeed: Touche'.
 I've been a member for less than a week and already I couldn't care less about Google+. Connection isn't relevance.
  You'd think that, but I sink like a stone. I may be a very thin golem.
  Never learned. Can't float.
  I don't think this guy's name is Wendy.
  And yet I've always lived in towns on the water. Go figure.
  The acting is really good too. Lots of stage training on display there.
 Currently at a country club swimming pool, though I'm not a member & I can't swim. Cue an inevitable Hitchcockian twist.
 Digging the Twilight Zone marathon on Syfy. These old stories hold up much better than a lot of more recent ones do.
  I meant literary ass, but my phone autocorrected for profanity. Classy.
  Glad you came out. Awesome to see you. Go kick some literary add.
  Still here and refilling. Come down. I'll be here 30+ at least.
  I'm with you in spirit. Dry, though.
 If anyone on South Side is near Library, I'm about 20 minutes away from taking off. Say hey, or no. Onward!
  Library. Saddling up for the eventual departure now.
  There will be cameo opportunities aplenty in July. Keep an eye on Facebook.com/TheBaristasTV for updates.
  Or perhaps you've not said enough. Yet.
 The bartender just responsibly warned me away from the beer with the 13.5% alcohol content. My fellow drivers thank her.
 Grabbing a beer and discussing the future of  with Katie Mo, AKA Aubrey on the show. Shaking things up...
  I'm infatuated already.
  Why thanks. I never  either, mostly because the only people who care are the ones who get mentioned. LIKE ME OMG
 Getting started on Google+ = asking yourself, "Whom do I want to hear from / sell to in yet ANOTHER channel?"
  G-chat and Facebook-chat are so inferior to texting. Or emails. Or postcards of the US Steel building.
 Tinkering with Google+. I dig categorizing connections into relevant groups. Never understood why Facebook can't.
 If you're wondering what I actually advise my social marketing clients to do, here's an example: 
 4 hours left to enter! Tell  YOUR favorite coffee shop story & maybe they'll make it into an episode: 
 Clarence Schmidt, the greatest American artist of all time?  via  (a good story source)
  You know what you're talking about. Now you have the machinery around you to help move the chains.
 RT  Half-in-jest-fully-in-earnest -> 10 Ways to Never NOT Be  /  
 Hey  or  Any advice on how  can code(?) a formula to measure movie stardom? See our tweets for context.
 Congrats to  for hiring  A win-win hire for everyone, including us web video lovers: 
  In one element of the formula, yes. Bieber would currently open a film to more $$$ than Ed would. But other var's balance it.
  Or straight Google results for the person's name in quotes. For example... 
  You'd also want to weigh the mentions, eg, is a "Most Beautiful" mention worth as much as an Ebert "best of" mention, etc.
  That's a good starting template. There's also annual "power lists," "Top X Lists," etc. A google alert could catch those.
  It would also allow you to subdivide stardom via relative demographic, i.e., Chris Pine has a good $ record but low Q rating.
  Defining the criteria for "movie star" would be a key to this undertaking. Press mentions = public awareness, which counts.
  But how to collect the data? There should be an automated way to scour the web for this...
 A behind-the-scenes look at what went into the making of LeBron James's notorious "Decision": 
 You know what? Adele really is quite good. 
  You'd have to factor in awards, reviews, press mentions, IMDB buzz, ability to generate box office from "off-radar" films, etc
  That's one flaw of this "movie star" debate: it measures star power only in terms of $. We'd also need aesthetic metrics.
 I hope Haley Joel Osment is in training every day for his inevitable lead role in an Edward Norton biopic.
 It was about as close as you can come to watching the fantasy of sports fall apart before your eyes. 
  Don't let me detect sarcasm, or I'll start to think you've stopped playing by the rules you've vocally established. ;)
 RT  The day goes faster when I imagine that the Block button also incinerates people from orbit. Sometimes I make the noises.
  True. Direct address is very different from implication. As Jon Stewart notes, FOX is careful with their words. 
 "Conservative grassroots activist instigator"  notes FOX has never hired anyone who called Obama a Nazi. They just don't *fire* them.
  I'd have said "not fired by FOX," but it would have ruined the flow. But, if you insist...
 Holy cow, Pittsburgh. You have no idea how lucky you are to be getting a  -- it's the best coffee in Baltimore.
  Sure thing. I may not code, but I may know coders.
  Well, Beck for one. 
 Your random video dictionary word of the day ~ What exactly is an oscillator? 
  It's not Kevin James himself that bothers me; it's that America rewards artificial buffoonery. But maybe we always have.
 Take heed, kids: FEC allows Colbert to form "super PAC" for 2012 elections 
  You could say the same for male comedians. It's all about broad appeal. Box office winners have to win over every demographic.
  I just had to Google Jason Seigel to see who he is, so I think he flunks the test straight up. ;) Trade him for Jason Statham.
  Indeed. Still, it says a lot that we have to wrack our brains to come up with safe bets for actresses as cash machines.
  I also wonder what a list of actresses would look like. Diaz, Roberts, Bullock..... Hathaway? Does Streep make $$$? Hmm...
  Name-wise, guys like Sean Penn are ahead, but in terms of box office, they win. The surprise for me: no Eastwood mention.
  Agreed.  is acing both the sports and the pop culture POVs.
  That's bugged me for years. I think her look made her the safe, recognizable "ethnic" choice for the past decade.
  Clearly the Frankenstein monster in your town needs better brand awareness.
  It's all public info. Were we shrewd, we'd write that book (or website) ourselves. "The 2012 Box Office Prospectus"
 RT  Creative Calgary - RT  - Two  women build a business on behalf of the city’s creative class - ht ...
 Hey coders, ideas?  needs "cross platform code snippet manager that works well in team enviro; not Snipplr; needs to be in-house." ?
 Dissecting the careers of Ryan Reynolds & Will Smith: why some guys become movie stars & some don't. 
    When it comes to creating an impact via blogs, truth is only part of the formula. Useful but not required.
 "Guys, I can't eat this chicken." 
   The US feels pretty much the same to me. Regardless of who's in charge, the corps win and the people muddle on.
 A tip for better storytelling, with nods to   &  
 RT   In a true democracy, reporters would give the president the same respect they give the honey badger.
 Oh, for fuck's sake. MSNBC's Halperin is suspended for calling Obama "a dick" but call him a Nazi and FOX will hire you.
 How one woman's generosity got her $8,000 in debt, and why it probably happens to you, too: 
 I'm one of 3 pros who were asked to help small biz improve at social marketing. Here's our advice: 
 Amazon terminates affiliate marketing in California after Gov. Brown decides to tax those revenues: 
 RT  Someone is telling me this is Social Media Day. Really?  Do we really need that?
 How Social Media Is Making Us All Better Storytellers: 
 Rarely-seen whale event (and not the Fail Whale kind): 
  I guess it depends on how quickly the '00s become cool again.
  Everyone left because the design & interaction sucked + other svcs offered better experiences. A reboot could change that.
 There's nothing America loves more than a comeback. And you know what that means: now we're all MySpace fans. 
 OH: "This is Baltimore. If you can survive living here, you can make it anywhere." A different flavor of motto than NYC.
 RT  With automatic spell checkers running unleashed over what we compose, our era is that of correctly spelled typos.
  It also depends on what you want to do. If you want to learn & network, go big. Or, to innovate, go small & shake things up.
  NYC & Chicago are your most obvious & expensive theatre scenes, but mid-sized cities like Baltimore are coming up, too.
  Maybe. The PGH theatre market is sort of a bubble, but outsiders *can* pop it. Ask locals like  for more info.
 How to reinvent your career by  in which she proves good stories top good headlines: 
  Pittsburgh is certainly a good place to be. Affordable, friendly, decent arts & tech scene, decent food, sports lovers, etc.
 By the way, Pittsburgh: if you like indie films + saving money, this is a no-brainer: 
  You'd have to watch at least 5 movies a month to make it worthwhile. Might be too steep, but the concept is solid.
 Uh, yes please. 
 RT  CANNOT WAIT. RT  The grand re-opening celebration will be July 16. Watch for a soft re-opening prior.
 RT  The Republicans in Congress say trillions could be cut from the budget if we eliminate empathy.
 Hey coffee lovers: do you have a great real-life cafe story? Enter the  story contest! 
  I haven't read all of  yet, but I do read whatever's interesting to me every day.
 Why I can't stop tweeting: 
 In defense of Michael Bay: 
 North Korea shuts down universities for 10 months, possibly to avoid revolution: 
  No prob. I grok the backstory of the case in your tweet, too. We watch a little too much true crime TV in this household.
  I think we're talking about two different stories. Did you read the link in mine?
 Oklahoma City criminals can't spell "rapist," but they CAN tattoo it on people's foreheads: 
 The real reason I tweet so much: 
  I wouldn't be surprised if it's the exact same script, re-filmed shot for shot. And audiences won't even know.
  That's Anne Hathaway's entire life, isn't it?
  I do. It's cathartic. I'm hoping all of Hollywood will see that tweet and sheepishly admit their failure.
  Their movie is advertised at least once per Stewart and once per Colbert.
 Who greenlit a movie in which we're supposed to believe Mila Kunis and Justin Timberlake have trouble getting laid?
 RT  Man, if you need a programming job, you should really move to Pittsburgh. I know like 8 places that are hiring, across ...
  I sure hope so. I don't think the world can handle two North Koreas.
 North Korea blames loss vs. US women in soccer on... its players being struck by lightning? Yup. 
  Most social marketing is a dead end of humanity. But when we're getting telepathic coupons in 50 years, this will seem quaint.
  Actually that's exactly the type of photo that college students are advised to NOT post to Facebook. Being millionaires helps.
 Twitter honchos   and  are leaving Twitter to launch  (again): 
 Sean Parker on why MySpace lost to Facebook: 
 Ars Technica's (free) OS X Lion review earns $15K in 24 hrs when sold as a $5 Kindle eBook: 
 RT  Greatest Harry Potter Moments : The part where J.K. Rowling wanders on to the set of the last film, giggling madly, wearing ...
  I can't tell all the characters on Awkward apart yet. I'll have to (egad) keep watching.
 A better series than I was expecting? MTV's "Awkward." Amusing teen actors and eyebrow-raising dialogue FTW.
 I was hoping to experience a "no NFL" winter. In lieu of that, I'll stick with a "no fantasy football" winter instead.
 RT  Admiral Ackbar thinks it's a trap, but 
 A mother & daughter live-text the Norway shooting while the daughter is trapped on the island: 
