 RT  More details: The NFLPA executive board and 32 team reps voted unanimously to approve the deal to the end the 4 1/2-mont ...
 Absolutely stunning morning in Evergreen! Breakfast with my beauty!
 About to get our foodtruck party on. I'm hungry and more importantly thirsty - oh lord the thirst
 RT  I'm Sean. I load trucks and I eat waffles.
  yeah you better I'm gonna come at you like a spider monkey.   
 RT  You know what would be great on this vegan cupcake?   Bacon!
  woohoo! What for?
  nope! Loveland baby!
 Living it up. ( Runza) 
 The new Brage Center for Advanced Relaxation Studies. 
 RT  Player reps emailed a letter to players saying, "We will meet again Monday to discuss our options and the direction we ...
  ohh thats interesting... Division/Playoffs... Interesting. We will google plus chat
  I said the same thing! Also we will need to setup a Skype draft with JP and myself and the other owners...
 RT  RT  It could be said that a top 50 O in either of last 2 yrs could have pushed Nebraska into national t ...
 RT  Tonight's Seinfeld is the one when Elaine dances. "It's more like a full-body dry heave set to music."
 when you leave 3 chicken breasts covered in BBQ sauce alone for about 120 seconds El Chancho gets to work.   
 Closing my day out with a debrief concerning weekend plans. ( Jonas' Office) 
 One construction, two accidents and a dime sized spot of coffee directly in the middle of my belly. 
 RT  Hugh Hewitt: Rick Reilly's Big Ten Intro for Cornhuskers 
 What's up traffic?! My usual drive is quickly doubling...
 RT  Good morning!!! Its a good day, take advantage of it!!!
 RT    win 3-2 on CarGo walkoff single in the 9th!
 RT  Do all reformed guys shop at REI?
 RT  This is gonna be a fun show!  
 RT  Five things Olive Garden should dump...now 
  rocking a quick sandwich! These guys rock!
 RT  Wednesday Rockpile: Mr. O'Dowd, Please Don't Trade Ubaldo Jimenez 
 RT  Mac OS X Lion is available now to download in the Mac App Store: 
 “ Just made the jumbotron at the Rockies game.  I saw that!
 RT  Standing "o" for Ubaldo Jimenez. It's his last home start before the July 31 non-waiver trade deadline. No one here  ...
 RT  Tonight is the first time Carlos Gonzalez and Troy Tulowitzki has homered in the same game since June 12.
 Section 111 if you need me. ( Coors Field w/ 95 others) 
 Booyeah tarp is coming off and we just got handed late tickets!
 Rough afternoon of work for   
 Cleaning this mug up. ( Fantastic Sams) 
 RT  EQ and Compression Techniques for Vocals and Acoustic Guitar 
 I have a hard working friend relocating to Denver if you know of any job opportunities, lemme know! office outdoors whatever
   in 
 RT  Okay, Tuesday. It's on.
 Rocking the gym this morning. I find sportscenter helps me out. ( Monterey Apartments) 
 Weird sitting at my own ballpark with a dad who's from Atlanta with his kids - Chipper and Drew. Weird.
 Agreed.  
 Trying to figure out why this kid is blaring Nickelback on portable speakers on the train while wearing all black, finger nails included...
 It's a scorcher today. Stay hydrated my friends ( RTD - Southmoor Light Rail Station) 
 RT  Wipes out more than 130 U2 fans... 
 Getting these lungs checked up on. 
 RT  Upper-tank homers like this are why they call him the Giambino ... 
 RT  Going forward, Yankees intend to evaluate Jimenez as possible trade target.
  WaterStone Community Church. Out on 470 and Bowles. Great church.
 Today's service includes: Johnny Cash, Johnny Depp, Job and U2 40 - nicks talking prophets ...
 RT  We're just wondering what Casey McGehee did to Troy Tulowitzki to deserve this ... 
 RT  We really need to tweet this again because Jeff Francis might have made one of the best plays of the year ...  ...
 RT  Praying for all the churches who like side hugging God with unforeseen kisses get a nice wet one right on the lips today.
 730 call time. Excited for a great Sunday morning followed promptly by an afternoon of pool time. 
 RT  Happy 2nd birthday to 
 It's a warm one! Let's stay hot Rockies! Getting our day going with a little fish taco action. ( Illegal Pete's) 
  that's the title of my soon coming autobiography
 We need some rain jackets. ( Arc Thrift Store) 
 RT  Oswalt: Pain gone, needs to strength back in left leg. Bullpen session early next week. Maybe rehab stint in 10 days  ...
 Loving this summer day! With  ( Southlands Mall) 
  ... Ummm... Yeah
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Harriman Lake on  
 Great morning. Gonna be a hot one today. ( Starbucks) 
  he stopped the game for almost 3 minutes trying to find shades, they have him some so that he could immediately make his error.
 RT  Beautiful night at Coors Field. Strange considering I was expecting Noah to come out with his ark and the animals 2.5 h ...
  is this game gonna happen tonight or what? What'd you think ?
 Got a bunch of work done and have tickets to the Rockies game tonight, but these swirling dark clouds look like ballgame killers.
 Doing some serious damage to my todo list. ( Starbucks) 
 hey  you in for  on saturday? there is a ticket with your name on it in my hand. 
 RT  Haha! The good ol' days! 
  if tonight gets rained out will the Rockies double up on Saturday? 
 Great conversation about reaching college students - preach the Gospel and treat them like adults  
 Our new art thanks to  and  great shots, they look terrific! We are saving for more!  
 Behind the board this week. Love praising the Lord! ( Waterstone Community Church) 
 I like it when  rage gets paid - she buys! ( Hacienda Colorado) 
 RT  oops! RT  Minnesota is on a govt shutdown. MillerCoors forgot to renew its license and must pull all beer htt ...
 Sluggish morning. Plus I have to fill my punch card.  ( Caribou Coffee) 
 RT  Doc Halladay would have completed the  if they didn't physically remove him from the mound ... 
 RT  Got my Columbian coffee and am heading out...just 3 more commutes for me!!!
 RT  Book it: Game 1 of the World Series will be in SF, Phi, Atlanta, St. Louis, Milwaukee, Cincinnati, Arizona, Colorado or ...
 RT  Some serious thunder in Denver tonight. "see the sky ripped open, the rain pouring through the gaping wound" 
 RT  Michael Pineda: Awesome. That was impressive.
 Fox just completely froze right as Tulow is coming to the plate! Dadgummit
 We try to tell Chauncho that he needs to back up or he will ruin his eyes, but he never listens.  
 RT  And the Ubaldo Jimenez trade rumors start. . . .  
 A Glimpse into the Future of the Union Station Neighborhood  so stinking cool. I love Denver.
 RT   : N. Ryan attended Shannon Stone funeral today. There exists not a man in this world with half the class ...
 RT  Robinson Cano wins the longest HR Derby in this history of man.
 RT  Look Colorado, if I wanted rain every day, I would have stayed in Scotland.
 RT  Aqui viene la maquina DOS! -- Bautista
 Well almost half. It's not 132 there. But close
 . just let me know that it currently feels like 112 in St Joe. 66. Here. That's half. 
 After a full days work onto my sofa for a full evenings work. This weekend is gonna be a goodun
 my monday morning ritual of cleaning my desktop, organizing my  and reviewing my calendar is critical.
 Happy 7-11! Slurpee up!
 Skipping church to make blueberry pancakes and bacon. 
 RT  Four walk-offs on one Saturday? Four walk-offs on one Saturday ... 
 Coffeetime. ( The Donut hut) 
  welcome to the mile high! Hope it's a great morning 
 What a tournament! Lost the championship game on a walkoff home run! Full day of whiffleball!
 Wiffleballing my day away. ( Schaefer Ball Parks) 
 RT  Forecast for next 5 days in Denver: rain, rain, rain, rain, anddddddd (wait for it) rain.
 Second time we have been caught in a deluge today. This time all I have to carry is my beer... To my mouth.
 Loving happy hour with my bride. ( 3 Margaritas) 
 RT  Cargo back in Rockies lineup tonight. Tulo to return Sat.
 RT  Carlos Gonzalez says he'll play for Rox tonight
 Nothing like a sudden deluge to mark the end of the garage sale.
 RT  Illegal Pete's, Suburban Home Records Starts New Music Label: Starting a record label is risky business, but it's.. ...
 Yeah baby. Duffeyroll time! ( The Duffeyroll Cafè) 
 Getting a little early walk in. Love these cool mornings. ( Main Reservoir) 
 Hitch is on. There goes our night
 "I have an idea - I show up." "By the time he comes back I'm ensconced." 
 RT  National Weather Service has issued a severe thunderstorm warning for W. Arapahoe, W. Adams, N.E. Denver until 6 p.m. MT.
 RT  Charlie Blackmon has a fractured left foot.  NOT GOOD!
 RT  Kerry Collins is announcing today that he is retiring from the NFL.
  /// "Habits precede success."
 “ Chips salsa cookies white bread miracle whip” /// i feel like this MIGHT a grocery list for 
 RT  Watch U2 perform the 'Joshua Tree' classic 'One Tree Hill' last night in Chicago: 
 RT  Watch Bono bring a blind fan onstage to perform "All I Want Is You" at U2's Nashville concert: 
 Just booked some time in  s garage
 Rum time. Also I love   ( AMC Bowles Crossing Theaters) 
 Green Chili time and then Pirates! ( Tamale Kitchen) 
 nothing like a mind-numbing spreadsheet to make my afternoon hum along... 
 RT  Just talked with Ian Stewart he is in Atlanta and will be in uniform tonight for the Rockies
 Wow what a weekend! I am gonna need a few days to recover.  
 RT  Purple Row >> Rockies Fall To Braves, 4-1, And See Troy Tulowitzki Leave With Quad Injury  ...
 RT  July 4, 1776: the day that we “unfollowed” King George. 
  HAWT
  twitpic or it didn't happen.
 911 never forget.
 RT  A-Basin finally closing for season on July 4th  
 Well it ain't the pacific, but it'll do.    
 RT   OF Carlos Gonzalez has a right wrist contusion. X-rays came back negative and he is listed as day-to-day after cra ...
 RT  This is a typical Jason Hamels game.
 RT  Not much debate over the biggest snub: Paul Konerko would be listed 1, 2 or 3 on most MVP ballots and he hasn't been pi ...
 RT  Tulowitzki officially announced as a reserve for NL 
  get past what part? I don't know what you mean but I'll try to help!
 Beautiful Golden! Love this city! Farmers market or bust. 
  // Metropolis II. 1,100 hot wheels. Performance Art.
  lee greenwood proud to be an American! Look it up!
 The flag still stands for freedom and you can't take that away... ( Breckenridge Ballpark Brewery) 
 Absolutely perfect evening. Perfect.  ( Coors Field w/ 189 others) 
 Let's do this Rockies!! ( RTD - Englewood Station) 
 Blt on the patio with iced tea. Summertime. ( Panera Bread) 
 RT   have played 81 games and they're 39-42. They are officially half way through the season. Thoughts on the first ...
 Waiting for  to rock it! ( Illegal Pete's w/ 3 others) 
 Just got a shoutout from a stranger for my nimble parallel parking job. I bowed.
 Heading down to see my boys  great evening to be downtown enjoying our city!
 RT  It's a good thing we traded for another guy struggling at the plate this year. 
 "disturbing" as always  finds the appropriate description for our ineptitude. 
 RT  Seth Smith swings at a ball that might have hit him otherwise. Pathetic how we hit. 
 We are rapidly becoming perfectly mediocre/awful. 
 RT  Lesson learned.  It’s not cool to eat a hot dog at a circumcision.
 RT  Congrats to Todd Helton on his 2,000th career game wonderful accomplishment...proud of ya! 
 RT   acquire 2B Mark Ellis and cash considerations from A's for RHP Bruce Billings and player to be named later.
 It's almost weird how much of a kick I get out of office supplies
 Just saw Roseanna Kellet on the road. She drives fast!
  yes anything other than a PT Cruiser.
 RT  Giambi just mashed career homer No. 424.
 I miss Tom Glavine.
 RT  You simply cannot get Jose Reyes out right now; either at bat or on the bases. 
 I have work tomorrow however I'm gonna go ahead and declare tonights ballgame the beginning of America Weekend
 Need a few supplies for the evening - grateful that it stayed under 100. Gonna be a nice evening. ( Old Chicago) 
 En route to baseball. ( RTD - Englewood Station) 
 was gonna begin putting together an America Weekend mix like I did last year. Instead  is rocking my world with CCR Radio. 
 RT  Tonight's game starts at 6:40pm vs. the White Sox. Jimenez vs. Buehrle.
  turn around!
 This is a great office very helpful folk work here. I highly appreciate that. ( Colorado Drivers License) 
 RT  You can never get enough of what you don't really need. (U2)
 My man  is a rockstar! Great morning! ( Snooze) 
   when Carlos lived with me I tried - I really tried. Just never found a reason to listen to their music more than once.
 Great Mexican food is the spice of life! Here with  and Christina from work. Relleno me. 
  we saw you today.
 "If you take everything I've accomplished in my life and boil it down to one day - it looks pretty good."
 My eyelid is twitching badly; don't you just hate that?!
  /// going for a hike this week for sure.
 Marriage changes a man. 
 When  desires buffalo wings who am I to deny my wife what she wants?
  man you're gonna get your face blown off! So terrific!
 First time up here! What a great rooftop. A little iced tea is the perfect solution to a hot day and a Rockies loss. 
 RT  Six Essential Mixing Tips, for live or studio: 
 Man I hate the Yankees. Also I demand to see Marianos birth certificate he has to be at least 50.
 Wigggggggyyyyyy! Attaboy! He's the man! Second 2 hr game of the road trip!
 I'm completely of the opinion that the  must make a trade deadline move to even be in it come sep. Pitching.
 Great pastor great church making it happen in Lakewood/Littleton! ( Hope Crossing Church) 
 RT   Wow. That's some seriously flawed logic on full display. What's your take? Should Christians sing the anthem?  ...
 Excited to start my week off focusing in on how good the Lord is. Was a rough week, but in all things we are more than conquerors!
 Been capitalizing on as much outside time as possible! Love my city and love Sundays. ( Starbucks) 
  no one has seen anything / some people have just heard descriptions.
 I just said "he's a four course meal for the eyes." I was referring to 
 What an amazing evening! For purple mountains majesty! Great salumi, wine and pizza! Great - our new favorite place! 
 Here's your guide to fireworks in Denver   
  Bella is anything chic.
 "I don't do math - I'm too beautiful." -  is confident.
 The reason for my week. ( Jose O'Shea's) 
 RT  Jon Hamm Extends Contract; Banana Republic Announces Mad Men Collection  
 RT  Prologis joins giant solar-generation project: Global warehouse operator Prologis Inc. announced it’s to become par ...
 Smitty?   
 Thanks Wilco for a pleasant afternoon. Yankee Hotel Foxtrot
 there is only one thing I like more than the Yankees losing and that is watching my  do it themselves!  
 RT  Writing about Lady Gaga, and trying to decide on the right term: "underarm toupee" or "pit merkin."
 RT  FYI, Great American  Festival tix on sale next week.   
  why not the middle finger? Everyone has a middle finger, not everyone has a trophy-that trophy. 
 This was a functional cutting board this morning...  
 Disappointing Player Rankings, 3 of the top 20 are  not good. 
 I would totally watch this as a digital short web series 
 RT  Nine years ago today, the Cardinals and MLB lost pitcher Darryl Kile. We remember  …
 Sandwich time. ( Jimmy Johns) 
 Wow. Struck out looking. Never done that before. 
 Enjoying spending at least an hour a week talking about growing the Kingdom of God in Denver! What a gorgeous morning! 
 RT  Just taped barrel-aged Dry Dock Seven Seas Double IPA
 suffering from  today 
 back in action after a quick/long weekend... ready for some major marketing action!
 Final moments. Great trip. Excited to come back in August! Thanks California! ( John Wayne Airport (SNA)) 
 Last quick fix before we leave town! ( In-N-Out Burger) 
 Been real fun driving you for a few days... Thanks  for the upgrade! 
 Catina! Sunshine came out! What a perfect day! ( Rockin Baja Coastal Catina) 
 RT   paid attendance today is 49,015 on Father's Day. 49,015 is 6th-most paid for a r. season game at Coors Field ever.
 Hanging in Laguna Beach where  and  and I found a sweet little cigar shop
  happy fathers day.
 Bean me. Overcast morning is great for some Peruvian drip. ( Kean Coffee) 
  Denver happened bro. 
 RT  Todd Helton thrown out attempting to steal second base...was his first attempted steal since 7/31/09. Last successful SB ca ...
 RT  Watching Helton steal it was as if time stood still.
 Ceviche. Couple of drinks. Gorgeous evening! ( Sandy's Beach Grill) 
 Swap meet shout out! ( Orange County Market Place w/ 7 others) 
 Ohh baby! Been here once, it is better than last time! Love a little DIPA ( Pizza Port w/ 2 others) [pic]: 
 Man,  and  are just the greatest people. Could spend a week with them!
 Lenny Kravitz is cool.
  well tried to help you out but can't DM someone who doesn't follow you. Time for a sports bar sounds like!
 What a beautiful ballpark - makes me miss Coors Field but angels stadium os a great sanctuary.
 Bring on U2! Excited for some volume! ( Angel Stadium of Anaheim w/ 15 others) [pic]: 
 I just unlocked the "Photogenic" badge on  
 RT  That Rockies game you were planning  on going to tonight? See the rain coming in? You should go see  at the Wa ...
  tigers are going down tonight! 
  great! Just driving through my wife is an alum. Thanks for checking in - well done.
 En route to Angels Stadium! Yeah baby! 
 There it is. A lot of other people's Mecca... Fancy: 
 My gorgeous blonde with a gorgeous blonde in her hand. I like it. ( Newport Beach Brewing Company) 
 Her Mecca. ( In-N-Out Burger) 
 Seeing the ole campus! ( Vanguard University) 
 She's on her own turf. City better watch out! 
 Sunny California is a little cloudy, but  will take it! ( John Wayne Airport (SNA) w/ 19 others) 
 Thought our flight was at 9. It was at 8. Mad dash through DIA and baam we made it! See you in California!!!
 Days have come and days have gone/still I'm under siege/everyday decisions made for which side to alliege.
 RT  The wife and I are trying cherry cricket for the first time!
   lol oh yeah! We will get that back and and running when it's time. So great
 RT  is cheating on Chipotle with Panda Express. Shhhhhhhhhhhh
 RT   2 games over .500 this late in a season for first time since they were 40-38 on July 2, 1999.
  /// yo cabana boy! Lol!
  /// I'm happy paying for plus. Can we make that happen? Email me at gmail.
  sucks tonight. No streaming. I had to lie and register with a different email after trying twice to give them my money for the plu ...
    are worth that drive! Bummed I'm missing them  tomorrow!
 Ohhhhh baby! 24 hours from now!!!  anyone ever traveled to see a band? How far? 
 Great day hanging out at the park with the entirety of Greenwood Village apparently. 
 Nothing says goodsay like driving around in  truck  sets in tow
  sounds delightful. 
 RT  RT  NYT NEWS ALERT: Representative Anthony D. Weiner Tells Friends He Is Stepping Down
 RT  25% of dads are not living with their children today.
 RT  Pandora beats IPO goal, now valued at $2.6B 
 Had to take this office outside on a morning like this! ( Starbucks) [pic]: 
 RT  BREAKING: Orlando Cabrera breaks up Justin Verlander's no-hit bid with a one-out single in the eighth.
  
 RT  Eddie Long's scandal-rocked ministry planting a church in  
 What a great day! New workspace all setup. 
 RT  Could they really get this settled?  Two major reports say yes.  Awesome.  
 Sandwich time. ( New York Deli News) 
 Oh baby this is good - if you are a pastor, listen to this video  /// I mean it.
 RT  We feel like giving away a church audio training package today. $499 value. RT to be entered. 
 Wow. Traffic is intense.
 RT  I don't care what age you are, finding a turtle in your yard is a pretty wonderful day.
  hahahaha that's terrific !
 RT  Let's be real here. Isn't Pepsi the stuff you're forced to drink at Taco Bell?
   Hmmm, we will have to see what we can work out. Bring some food to brewery for a trade? /// **like**
 Bad Teacher 
 RT  The Dallas  partied SO HARD last night. JJ Barea even got into an 18 and older club!
 Its a beautiful day! Gonna enjoy lunch on a patio! ( Floyd's 99 Barbershop) 
 RT  On the plane 
 The Kingdom: Gods people in Gods place under His rule = blessing.
 On this Pentecost may the Lord move mightily redeeming this city unto Himself! ( Waterstone Community Church) 
 Beautiful morning with a cup of coffee and the Holy Spirit! ( Starbucks) 
 RT  Biggest crowd we've ever played for. That was a blast! 
 Yogurtlaaaaaaand. ( Yogurtland) 
 RT  Is it me or does Charlie Blackmon look a lot like Brad Hawpe?
 We are patio people! 
 Gettin fixed up. Thanks boys. ( Apple Store) 
 Deplorable. 
  /// get to baskin.
 I like getting a little  time around lunch!
 My phone is broken. No one can hear me! The world gets a day off.
  attaboy! Keep at it!
 RT  Rockies 9, Dodgers 7: Attendees Claim Mysterious Appearance of "Offense" at Baseball Game 
 This is my favorite type of  morning.
 "call  she's the expert on Nick Cage." - 
  /// we know they do, we know.   
 What a great great night for baseball! ( Breckenridge Ballpark Brewery w/ 2 others) 
 Man I cherish capitalism, even when some dude gouges me for $9 rockpile instead of $4. 
 I always wave in gratitude to firemen just something I do.
 RT  New article on SportingNews.com from Dave Curtis: "Nebraska the favorite in the new Big Ten"     ...
 Alright the Welcherts have landed! Found a place! Is anyone out there able to help them move in tomorrow morn?   
  care to elaborate on this thought...?
 RT  Church Techies: Once you get past being the needed tech & being enamored with the gear, only then are you ready to  ...
 “ Virgilio's at Belmar, one of the best pizzerias in  closes. ” // dang it!
 RT  Gungor is looking for some new musicians 
 RT  The B-17 Flying Fortress takes to Denver skies  
 RT  Seventy percent of Millennials agree that American churches are irrelevant today. 
 "hello mcfly hello" - /// she's crazy
   /// agreed. "no it wasn't flirting that ever bothered me it was when he slept with other people." 
  /// agreed. He's sweet but she would have chewed him up and spit him out.
 RT  Every  player that strikes out looking should have to pay  a $500 fine.
 Anxious to get outta this chair and onto the treadmill.
 "Fathers have skills that they never use at home..."   c.k.
 Great story. Good job    
 RT  Can't beat this weather or this view! 
 Things That Are More Productive than the Rockies Offense /// 
 Hahaha, great quiz: 
 RT  Hey  that Don Baylor guy wasn't so bad was he? Walk quietly but carry a big stick! Need a big thumper at 3rd.
 RT  Stat of Day: Rockies have scored 13 runs last 8 games, fewest in franchise history. Previous low was 14 runs in 8-ga ...
 after a rough extra innings loss in softball, the hot tub was just the ticket for my back and pride.
 man. its hard watching the rockies right now, I can't lie. love them, but man, a lot of losing.  13 runs in 8 ballgames...
 RT  Blackmon is also in the lineup for  tonight after being called up from AAA.
  congrats!! That's terrific!
 RT   officially released INF Jose Lopez on June 6.
 RT  In the great state of Colorado!!!!!! 
 Hanging with  was an encouraging lunch! Burgers and The Gospel. ( Griff's Hamburgers) 
 This is what you get when you video chat  this morning 
 RT  Controlling a Yamaha LS9-32 Remotely: iPad and Smart Phone Setups 
 RT  Chillin in Kansas tonight... Pull up to Denver tomorrow! Aye
 RT  Cargo has now struck out in 6 of his last 7 at bats
 It's a bummer but getting a little tired of the poor quality of  broadcasts on  dual signal weird squelches....
 Booyeah! Moving stuff for  with  helping! Love serving those who serve the Kingdom,
 “ " Rox call up of charlie blackmon from aaa. If he hits he stays. Rox need help" Amen Brother!”
 “ The Royals take Bubba Starling at No. 5.” hope he says forget that and comes to play football! Go big red!
 RT  Rockies lineup shaken up. Carlos Gonzalez not only moves to hitting leadoff, but also to center field. Chris Nelson  ...
 USC stripped of title. I don't have an answer yet, but the hypocrisy of the NCAA is a little tough to swallow, BUT don't rules are rules.
 RT   is underway! Project  is helping Gilpin Elementary begin their urban garden 
 RT  On this day in 1944 my grandpa Henry landed on Omaha Beach with his battalion. 
  its the best gift I can give her.
   /// you're not batman. maybe Cyclops from X-Men, but not Batman.
  /// Griff's off of I25 and Broadway, I can be there at 11:45. DM me your number! thanks!
 It was great to see  and Kristi on Saturday! This is for them to watch together on her first D-Day  
 Sluggish slow start to this Monday
 Great surprise of a day! Beau, Chelsea and Sophie making a stop in the mile high!
 Thinking about my friends and family  this morning!
  // how about Tuesday? Lemme know! Praying for Denver City this morning!
 Coffee on the way to church! ( Starbucks) 
 Chauncho and I getting sometime enjoying this perfect Denver morning! ( Harriman Lake) 
 Decided to mix up my sat afternoon routine and watch the Rockies from the treadmill instead of the couch
 I hate that when I hear nicki minaj I think of 
 RT  Rex Brothers has been promoted to the majors and is with the    No corresponding move yet. . ...
 Saturday coffee time. And then a full Saturday filled with Saturday things. ( Panera) 
 RT  Rockies 3 for 32 with runners in scoring position on this trip and only one of the 3 hits has driven in a run.
 Oh yeah! The smell of campfire is integrating with my clothing tonight! It's a good night!
 10 degree drop since I left my office. What the crap? Apparently  forgot it was 
 Where'd the sun go  I'm on a patio! I need some rays!
 
 Oh man I can't wait to be on a patio with  this afternoon! 
 After so many days sitting on my computer all day it's nice to have a nice heavy dirty stinky job. 
 its awful hot in this office.
 I like it when  packs my lunch - I get animal crackers. 
 RT  Bazan + Band Summer Tour DAY 2: Thursday, June 2. Denver CO  The High Dive. With Cotton Jones.
  gimme a shout today! I couldn't dm you. Lunch today or sometime soon!
 Lots of big dogs at the dog park - chauncho is off the porch.
 RT   taking no BP today to try and mix things up
 RT  De La Rosa will have his Tommy John surgery on Friday
 RT  Anybody catch Paulino's line for the Royals today? 5 innings, 4 hits, 0 runs. Yes, Felipe Paulino.
 What should I do to this cubicle? Will be here for a little while. Taking suggestions... 
 anyone heard about this laser allergy treatment?
 "Gentlemen, your goal is not to stand before God and tell him what level you got to on “World of Warcraft”." 
 Good team win! 22-10. Everyone hit well. 
 Most common mistake made by a little league coach tossing Bp is not striding far enough. Lower your body. Lower the pitches.
  good point. Hope it helps! Wiffleball
 Off to my first softball game of the year - haven't thrown or swung a bat in months. 
 My brain is a little frazzled today after the long weekend and all the sunshine. 
 RT  Denver mountain view 
 Almost home! Fort Morgan!
 RT  Revised plans. Nicasio gets Fri start forRocks in San Fran. Cook could get another rehab with SkySox at Fresno Thurs ...
 RT  Look for Aaron Cook to rejoin Rockies rotation Friday in San Francisco.
 Backyard wiffleball. Humidity. Nebraska. USA.
 Another 1 run loss. 
 RT  Quickest way to sit the  down? Load the bases.  They are 8-38 with the bases juiced.
 RT  Chris Nelson activated by Rockies replacing Amazega on roster.
 Attaboy Chris! 2 hr and 6 RBI! Rockies lead 15-4! Good night.
 On the road  and I just sang our own 7th inning stretch! Take me out and I wanna know if you'll be my girl
 I'm a happy man! Found the cardinals network and they are playing my Rockies! 
 Remembering fondly long long nights here. And enjoying some fresh and new time with my bride and the Lord. 
 Biscuits and gravy time. I married a country girl from SoCal. ( Cracker Barrel) 
 Jeremy Carmody, Master Nerf Modifier. 
 On the rooftop enjoying a great view of the city and great people! Great rehearsal dinner!
 Hi St Joe ( Comfort Suites) 
 Enjoying the hometown for a quick lunch! ( Don & Millie's) 
 RT  Jose Lopez says Rockies designated him for assignment. Appears Eric Young Jr joins Rockies Friday.
 RT   trade RHP Felipe Paulino to Kansas City  for cash considerations.
 RT   planning to shake up bench:  
 Let the memorial day weekend road trip commence!
 RT  No surprise:  already have asked  about Pudge Rodriguez. 
 Mysterious Ways just came on.  
 RT  Never rub a hunchback's hump
 According to computer models the giants chances of making the playoffs dropped from 57.7% to 44.  
 RT  Hospital confirms 27-y-o Robert Seamans, the fan who fell Tuesday while sliding down rail  Coors Field, has died.  http ...
 Clayhouse Adobe Red - good solid wine to keep around the house. Light, fresh red blend.  
 RT  Rox are placing 1B Jason Giambi on the 15-day DL with a left quadriceps strain
 thanks  for the generous gift of a nice, fat, heavy pen that takes the Pilot G2 refills that I exclusively write with...
 RT  First Bronco in the building at 8:01 this morning? Tim Tebow. Of course.
 RT  It's 8 AM MT and players are back in the building! 
 RT  The 2011 NFL is now underway. And...the Washington Redskins have just been eliminated from the playoffs.
  // go orange and dominate!
 What up Hamden!? Wide open 3 lanes each way! Easy commute! Woohoo!
 RT  More details: The NFLPA executive board and 32 team reps voted unanimously to approve the deal to the end the 4 1/2-mont ...
 Absolutely stunning morning in Evergreen! Breakfast with my beauty!
 About to get our foodtruck party on. I'm hungry and more importantly thirsty - oh lord the thirst
 RT  I'm Sean. I load trucks and I eat waffles.
  yeah you better I'm gonna come at you like a spider monkey.   
 RT  You know what would be great on this vegan cupcake?   Bacon!
  woohoo! What for?
  nope! Loveland baby!
 Living it up. ( Runza) 
 The new Brage Center for Advanced Relaxation Studies. 
 RT  Player reps emailed a letter to players saying, "We will meet again Monday to discuss our options and the direction we ...
  ohh thats interesting... Division/Playoffs... Interesting. We will google plus chat
 Woke up ready to get cranking at the office. Let's do this. 
 Clayhouse Adobe Red - good solid wine to keep around the house. Light, fresh red blend.  
 RT  Rox are placing 1B Jason Giambi on the 15-day DL with a left quadriceps strain
 thanks  for the generous gift of a nice, fat, heavy pen that takes the Pilot G2 refills that I exclusively write with...
 RT  First Bronco in the building at 8:01 this morning? Tim Tebow. Of course.
 RT  It's 8 AM MT and players are back in the building! 
 RT  The 2011 NFL is now underway. And...the Washington Redskins have just been eliminated from the playoffs.
  // go orange and dominate!
 What up Hamden!? Wide open 3 lanes each way! Easy commute! Woohoo!
 RT  More details: The NFLPA executive board and 32 team reps voted unanimously to approve the deal to the end the 4 1/2-mont ...
 Absolutely stunning morning in Evergreen! Breakfast with my beauty!
 About to get our foodtruck party on. I'm hungry and more importantly thirsty - oh lord the thirst
 RT  I'm Sean. I load trucks and I eat waffles.
  yeah you better I'm gonna come at you like a spider monkey.   
 RT  You know what would be great on this vegan cupcake?   Bacon!
  woohoo! What for?
  nope! Loveland baby!
 Living it up. ( Runza) 
 The new Brage Center for Advanced Relaxation Studies. 
 RT  Player reps emailed a letter to players saying, "We will meet again Monday to discuss our options and the direction we ...
