 How to use Google+ for breaking news:    
 The ad-stripping economics of "read this later" services (Instapaper, Byliner, et al.) -   
 The market correction is coming for   We need to frame it better, set the right expectations: 
  picks  ' Daylife-powered Doodlebuzz as "amazing way to browse/read the news". They're not wrong. 
 "Daylife makes it very easy for us to produce engaging photo galleries. We are producing 5x as many as before." - Brian Kroski, YourTango
  Thanks, Daniel!
 Comparison of the Twitter questions asked of Obama by journalists vs. other citizens, by topic:  
 A marketer's guide to digital   
 Daylife wholeheartedly endorses this measure:   
  Got it - just sent you an email with some next steps. Apologies for the mixup!
  Hi Daniel - who are you trying to reach at Daylife?
 RT    stage all-stars           ...
 A major win for fair use on the internet, and a loss for copyright trolls:  
 My client,  launched its new Publisher Suite at  great write-up about it, their  j-school panel:  
 eMedia Vitals: Daylife Publisher Suite turns editors into technologists -   
  on the Daylife Pub. Suite launch - Editors, publishers: your CMS can't hurt you anymore     
 Great write-up of the Publisher Suite launch by  -   
  Search Insider Columnist  to speak at  on New Strategies for Content Marketing at 2 p.m. today, IWNY HQ.
 Big thanks to  &  for hosting our digital storytelling panel last night! It was a great success - video coming soon. 
 Join  and  at  for our panel on New Strategies for Content Marketing. 2 p.m. today at IWNY HQ, W18th  6 Ave
 RT  Still time! Join us tonight:   panel on new forms of story-telling at  
  launches new Daylife Publisher Suite, powered by the Daylife Media Cloud at Internet Week:   
  We respond to publisher requests - if they don't want to be indexed then we remove them. Is there a feed u want removed?
 RT  Join  during  for a panel on new mediums + better story-telling with  and others:  ...
 Prepping for our  panel w/  B'berg's  SBNat's   talking new content/storytelling forms goo.gl/n6LHh
 The power of (retail) brands as publishers: "powerful sales tool that draws people back" -  
 RT  Please join an iWeek discussion of new content forms  7pTue w/Daylife's  SBNat's  B'berg's   ...
 RT  Join  for its Nightlife event during   on New Story Telling  featuring  ...
  hey, sry I missed yr msg! We're not crawler-based. We hand-select feeds to add to our index. Is there one you want added/removed?
 Come to Daylife's all-star  panel on future of digital  co-hosted by CUNY Grad School of  
 RT  I'll be speaking, come! RT   panel on the future of digital  co-hosted by CUNY   ...
 Join us for Daylife's  panel on the future of digital  co-hosted by CUNY Grad School of  
 Come to Daylife's  panel, New Medium, New Formats: Towards Better Online Storytelling:   
 We still read news like we did before Dewey defeated Truman. How (& when) will news evolve?     
 How sports sites are out-innovating much of the rest of the   world: 
 Daylife will be at  - plan to stop by our booth at the Metropolitan Pavilion June 6-9.
 More brand publishers learning 'digital edition' means more than just print content slapped onto the web:  
 CJR's got a solid report on the state of digital   
 Google Doodles = amazing traffic monsters:   
 Try the Daylife news app from Conduit - browser-based and awesome:   
 Close look at Facebook's role in how news spreads in 2011:      
 Great data on who reads news, how, when, and why, from Pew:    
 Storify: the good, bad, ugly:   
 An operating system for digital publishers - learn more at    
 Huge, historic collection of cover stories on  death at Newseum: 
 What's a news story worth, and what do those costs mean for the future of   
 Here's what Jay Rosen has learned in 25 years of being a  professor - great read: 
 Paid content is doing fine, with new pricing models bringing new insights and rewards:   
 Retro, highly adorable look at home pages of news sites during the web's dark age, 1996-ish:    
 RT   for  Devices: The Importance of  | Publishing Perspectives 
  created another cool way to experience (vs. passively consume) the news, the 3D Spirals project: 
 Toronto Star (our client) has a brilliant, thorough microsite devoted to the   
 Movement  content mgmt for CMOs, transactional content strategy, & more in our latest newsletter:  
 Lovely review of the Daylife- (and serendipity-)powered iOS app Accidental News Explorer, created by    
  I can't see what you mean - can you send me a screenshot of what you're seeing? Site seems fine on our end.
 Metadata matters - how publishers can rise above the flood of content and get found:   
 Great news for our client Glam Media - cheers, guys: ...  
 Smart brands have known for a long time - like it or not, you are now a publisher:   
  Should be back now - sorry about the confusion! We'll be moving the site to news.daylife.com soon, but it's not going away.
 Come see us (Tom, Derek, and AJ) today  booth 2726: goo.gl/E4W5H 
 RT  Welcome to pubOS.org!  We launch on April 11, 2011 and are a resource for publishers and marketing professionals. Sponsore ...
 Come see us  this week in San Francisco:  
 Edelman's Trust Index - pharma, telecom, and booze all do better than   
 Good demographic & other data on  link sharing - women are winning in comments, genres dominate:   
 New research shows that innovation is critical to news organizations' success:   
 Better content strategy - how to diagram the workflow:   
 How better tweeting will build engagement within your organization:   
 What Larry Page needs to do to make  lean, mean, startup-y again: 
  hey - sorry,  missed this. is it still happening?
 Brands are the future of  (we can confirm - we see it everyday here):  
 The power of branding bias - how a logo can determine reader perception of content:    
 Demand Media EVP interview: going public, conquering Europe, and struggling for reputation:   
  has a technology problem. But  costs and complexity are falling fast:  
  Did you find out your friend was alive via this picture?  If so, that's amazing!  Glad to hear he's well.
 Brands ARE publishers now, and their metrics need to shift accordingly:   
 RT  The State of the News Media: It’s Not as Bad as You Might Think     
 RT  Japan quake sends record audiences to broadcast and online news  
  Thanks for the mention!
 RT  Inside the art, science and magic of recommendation engines with Pandora, YouTube and StumbleUpon 
 Wrapup from  "Hacking the News" panel - the Economist () & Snarkmarket ()  
 The  panel "Hacking the News: Applying Computer Science to Journalism" is at 11:00am today - come say hi to  
  CEO  will be at the  panel on "Hacking the News: Applying Computer Science to Journalism": 
 RT  EDIT: See  CEO  at  panel on "Hacking the News: Applying Computer Science to Journalism": 
 EDIT: Come see  CEO  at the SXSWi panel on "Hacking the News: Applying Computer Science to Journalism": 
 Data is the future of   
 Why "Apple vs. Android" is the wrong framing for digital  - the open web matters more: 
 Check out Wrangl, a brilliant tool for visualizing both sides of any debate:   
 Newsblur is a great RSS app/alternative to GOOG Reader - freemium, responsive support, and lovely interface:  
 The economics that drive the business of news   
 Filter or be flooded - the publisher as curator:  
 RT  Dallas Morning News publisher thinks $35 million in revenue cannot sustain a metro daily.  says, "oh really? ...
 Designing an organization that designs better  -  
 RT  Condé and the disease called app delusion: 
 RT  The interruption model is slowly, finally dying (long read but great data):   
 RT  How Large Agencies Are Becoming More Creative With Data 
  Pilgrim's job board has some great opportunities:  
 How Forbes uses  to drive  production:   
 Post-  the whistleblowing game has changed - leaks no longer drive news cycles:   
 RT  Why traditional and new media will co-exist and be critical social resources for years to come 
  wow... I do NOT want to see Rule 34 enacted in this case ;) Anyway, thanks for all the pic sharing!
  I didn't know there were such hardcore Geithner fans out there :)
 post-  algorithm change - the data's in, here are the top 25 traffic losers:    
  case study: what happened to the journalists fired when the Rocky Mtn News closed?  
 Demand Media responds to investors regarding   changes:   
 Some thoughts on Google's move against content farms, and what it means for  in the  industry:  
 Google declares war on content farms:  
 How to get involved in the emerging online  community: 
 Smart look at the future of digital  and the new efficiencies that will make it work - 
 RT  The future of live events on TV may look like ABC's Oscar site, with live video next to social streams 
 NPR to more aggressively monitor on-site commenting, maybe killing anonymous commenting:   
 Some editors are balking at "the AOL way", resist commodifying their work:  
 RT  100+ Upcoming Social Media & Tech Events - 
 RT  McSweeney's The Goods -- a 21st-century version of the newspaper's kids page -- debuts today 
 Our client Toronto Star just launched a photo-filled, Daylife-powered section on the Royal Wedding: 
 RT  For the latest news on the protests in      &  visit: 
  um... where?!  No, WHAT!
  Short answer: yes.  Stay tuned.  (And stay in touch!)
  You can do that in Smart Galleries & our API but not on Daylife.com (which is really a demo site for our publishing platform)
  Ms. Driver is an award-winning actress with a very busy schedule.  Please do not be offended.
 New Daylife client: Winophilia, a site owned by renowned wine critic Steve Tanzer - 
 Smart piece looking cognitively at how superstar  think - it's an improviser's art form:   
 RT  Apple's subscriptions are no worse than any common OEM deal. Why the storm? Publisher fears for their future and abil ...
 One Pass offers new, Google-powered payment system for content  - you can set your own terms & prices: 
 RT  Are Likes Poised to Replace Links as the Web's Primary Signal? 
 Brilliant study on how news flows across the Twitterverse:   
 RT  Apple launches subscription service for magazines, newspapers and music (Media Guardian)  
 RT  At   on why paper copies still matter for some things 
 The B.S. weasel words journalists rely on to "protect" their sources (read: their access):  
  That's one adorable camel.
 StoryMarket is a new content marketplace for writers/publishers/bloggers to buy, sell, & share -   
 RT  Could the future of AOL/HuffPo be in danger if SEO becomes less important? 
 RT  NewsTrust Baltimore is taking a local approach to media literacy and showcasing new journalism 
 6 great investigative reports from this year's Goldsmith Prize finalists:  
 RT  Laid-off journalist used her reporting skills to write a memoir, "A Tiger in the Kitchen," which comes out tomorrow: http:/ ...
 Be the CMO of Everyone! ( 's  column today.) 
 The  team is blogging from  on the  blog -  
 Sorry midwest, east coast: gorgeous sunrise in San Francisco and the day is threatening to reach 70 degrees.  
  It's all automated, but: you're welcome.
 RT  this is pretty cool -- can't make it to the Museum of Modern Art?  Google's Art Project can take you there virtually: http: ...
 RT  ordinary Egyptians formed a human chain around national museum to protect it from looters and provocateurs (via  ...
 Monitoring the Dodd-Frank Financial Regulatory Reform Efforts -   via   blog
 Improving medication safety for infants and children -   via the   blog
 RT  New  client: The Random Acts of Kindness Foundation 
 RT  Despite Blackout,  Handsets Are Egyptian Protesters' Secret Weapon  
 RT  Friday's live from Davos round-up on The Knowledge Effect Blog. Check it out:  via  
 RT  Today's Live From Davos report on   blog -    via  
 RT  Today's Davos roundup at the   blog -     via 
 500 million people have escaped extreme poverty in the last 6 years: 
 RT  Demand Media's Stock Jumps 33 Percent On First Day: Demand Media’s stock jumped 33 percent on its first day of t... http:// ...
 Updates from Davos ("a little levity" edition) on the   blog -  
 Updates from Davos ("a little levity" edition) on the   blog -  
 Datamarket is a new portal offering structured data & stats for journalists (+ everyone else): 
 Ongo, a new paid news service, promises "aggregation so good you'll pay for it": 
 Check out Philanthroper, a GroupOn for worthy charities/non-profits. VERY easy way to give back: 
 Thomson Reuters goes live with the Knowledge Effect, powered by the Daylife platform: 
 RT  Charlotte Observer editor defends paper's controversial request for city's e-mail alerts list. 
 Make your "About" page more social - it's a traffic magnet, so make it work harder: 
 Why data matters more than you think in copywriting: 
 How to be more accurate & accountable - a checklist for social media: 
 Daylife is hiring developers, sales staff, and one deadly UX/graphic designer. PM  for details.
 Jarvis on Eric Schmidt -  "We knew that this would happen. We just forgot that it would."  
 How exactly we're going to feed 9 billion people: 
 Wondering what news sites will look like in the future? Find out from the people building them. In Boston on 2/22: 
 Daylife needs a kickass UX designer - one who knows heuristics, has experience w/ devs, has vision, and lacks prissiness. PM 
 Copyright trolls, legal thugs, et al. are on the rise in a down economy- know your rights as a blogger/content producer: 
 RT  AT&T Case Shows Supreme Court Isn't Big On Privacy Rights For Companies 
 RT  Murder rate lowest for 12 years 
 Mark Zuckerberg's fashions for men - 
 RT  Alan Taylor sees a new kind of "Big Picture" in moving to The Atlantic 
 RT  OpenGovernment.org launches platform to open state government to citizens   
 The looming fate of the "social media strategist" - 
 Good data from TechTarget on how IT buyers do their online research, organized by region: 
 RT  We are looking for a marketing intern  here in Austin. If you know a good candidate,  please send my way.  Thxs!
 RT   - Getty Images - Spencer Platt's photojournalsm from Southern Sudan, showcased byThe Guardian
 Case study: Creating a birthday party success in an already cluttered birthday market. The results were astounding. 
 RT  Using tablets to try and save print will "kill" publishers: 
 RT  Today at 1p ET,  is doing a live chat on real-time errors w/     h ...
 RT  if you are looking for interesting Quora questions,  is curating some here: 
 The disturbing truth about most  and  research: 
 You're sick of them, I'm sick of them, and we all know 6 of the 10 will be dumb. Listicles are choking social media: 
 RT  President of Tunisia announces rollback of Internet filtering there -- long-blocked sites newly visible. Details to follow ...
 RT  Seeking employment of the creative kind in the new year? Keep an eye on  or visit:  
 Demand Media is going public soon: 
 RT  On most days, 50-60% of the NYT's traffic comes from people starting at the home page 
 RT  For All Its Flaws, Wikipedia is the Way Information Works Now 
 RT  Far beyond pageviews: 11 emerging news metrics to watch in 2011 
 For all your tween link-baiting needs: 
 RT  Regret the Error's Silverman scolds Howard Kurtz for correcting error only "because he got caught." 
 RT  From  "  is the New  - 
 There are now more social media consultants than children in London. (via 
 Apple finally achieves perfection, of a kind: buttonlessness 
 RT  One effect of the move to mobile: time-shifted reading  (via 
 RT  Transparency Report available in all 6 UN languages - Arabic, Chinese (Simplified), French, Russian, Spanish & English http: ...
 RT  Things Real People Don't Say About Advertising  via  & 
 RT  This isn't about media. Just fascinating reportage. The Dubai Job:  Recommended.
 RT  PSA for Boston folks: The Globe's hiring for tons of digital positions, including social media producer 
  have you tried stealing from the master, Geo. Lucas? Entire galactic trade disputes were settled on couches in the prequels.
 Daylife is almost in the "$10m revenue" club: 
 RT  Q to ask when considering tablet app: "What consumer problem are we solving and what value are we adding?”  ...
 What your Twitter slang & abbreviations are giving away about you: 
 RT  Mobile Broadband Users Hit 1 Billion in 2011 
 RT  Open data at its finest RT  Mobile App Puts Natural World at Fingers: Instant images, data, more  ...
 RT  PSA: Poynter is on the lookout for an audience development person (freelance) 
 RT  Survey: Teens everywhere love cell phones! But they don't all use them the same way 
 RT  Carr's piece on privacy in the cloud  is why ECPA reform matters    ...
 Behance has an elegant, killer productivity system for those who aren't into "GTD" but still like to GTD: 
 RT  TED (who just announced big 2011 lineup), is hiring a Web Engineer and Post Production Manger to work for conference! http: ...
 RT  Live From The Verizon iPhone Announcement  by 
 Thoughts on correcting the digital record - should journos delete or leave up early, inaccurate tweets re:  ? 
 RT  Boomtime for mobile apps: Mobile analytics firm Distimo has just released its year-end reportsummarizing the fig... http ...
 RT  ‘The Russification of WikiLeaks’: Crowdsourcing the fight against Russia’s casual corruption   ...
 RT  Nice photoblog: The spectacle of CES in pictures 
 RT  +1 RT  More social sites should do what Twitter did when subpoenaed: notify users whose info is being sought: htt ...
 RT  SPJ considers retiring Helen Thomas award after new controversy  
 RT  NEWS: Readers: Don't Miss the Deadline to Weigh In on Do-Not-Track  [ClickZ]
 RT  Southern Sudan Vote On Independence 
 Cool Instagram project by the inspirational  
 RT  Will an ad network work for news sites? 
 RT  Word nerds: you can play w/ the new OED website for free until 2/5. Use "trynewoed" as both your username & password: ht ...
 Tracing the birth of modern user experience, via the magic of Google's NGRAM book-text engine: 
 It's a golden age of fake/satirical news - check out Channel 4's new entry (with Charlie Brooker & David Mitchell!)  
 Reasons to be cheerful: this year will be, in human terms, better than the last.  Here's why: 
 Pix from the People's Choice Awards red carpet, stage, and more - 
  We're on the case now.  You're using 4.10, right?
  Brendan, what happened?  Apologies if something changed unexpectedly - let me know if we can help.
 Amazing shots of the 2011 eclipse from all over the world:  
 Christmas ain't over till you've seen this gallery of xmas 'round the world: 
 Inspired by a cute Daylife photo found by  - a flipbook-style gallery of the Obama Family's christmas: 
   - if you like that you'll love this (inspired by yr tweet):  Happy new year!
 Proud to announce  client launch! They added 'Hot Topics'  on celebs powered by our SmartTopics tool: 
 Happy Holidays from  Our holiday cards to you: 
 2011 news trends by  "established news brands...will become the ultimate curators." Agreed! 
 Today  exchanged gifts as part of our Secret Santa extravaganza. Festive photos of our team: 
 Happy Holidays! Check out these photos from  holiday celebration yesterday: 
 Interesting piece by  The 18 Most Innovative Alternative News Stories Of 2010 
 RT  2011 is the Year of the Curator! 
 Going to  Daylife's CEO  Shardanand will be speaking about journalism and hacking - stay tuned for details!
 Detail on how  is powering photo slideshows in today's multi-site relaunch by Townsquare Media: 
 Congrats to  client Townsquare Media on their launch! Thrilled to help power their content:  via 
 Great piece. RT   thx for your help on story.  Read All About It as News Apps Arrive 
 Daylife team getting ready to enjoy some delicious cake from Black Hound Bakery, thanks to office manager Stavo! 
 "Daylife's tools allowed us to put together a portal with intelligently aggregated content & a great user experience." 
 RT  Daylife hits Malaysia - Antarctica next! 
 RT  What makes  different. Gaza page . Story, images, the rest of the story.
 RT  check out  Gaza page! . It's quite interesting - esp. the photos at right!
 Asia's  Launches News and Entertainment Portal Powered By  
 RT  Forbes wants a “platform that allows for content to be contributed from every inch of the continuum” 
 Congrats! RT  Amazing that after 16 months of conversations,  came to fruition thanks to   
 RT  Enjoying the company of some of the best minds in news and media industry  camp
 RT     think we'll see more more topics/agg tools - esp w tablets. clearly the future. 
 RT  "Talking about 'content' is like describing a restaurant as a 'food restaurant.'" Marc Hedlund of  at 
 We're excited that  Chief Product Officer Marc Hedlund will join journalists & technologists at  shaping future of news.
 RT  Listening to  on future of news. "we test everything" <- love it  
 Daylife is hiring! Engineers and marketing managers wanted: 
 Reuters images of the year - enjoy: 
 Gawker CEO Nick Denton on the need for curation and aggregation in his media empire's future: 
  Thanks for the retweet! We love working with the  team.
 How To Use the  API in Your Knight News Challenge Project    
 Happy Thanksgiving from Daylife! We're thankful for our wonderful team, clients, partners, and developer community.
 Client  just unveiled the first converged 4G network, and an incredible content portal powered by  
 Content innovators: Still time to launch rich, realtime content verticals before 2011. Contact Daylife to talk how: 
 Our latest client  is live! Thrilled to partner with Malaysia's 4G leader: 
 RT  Are curation & aggregation tools now more mainstream?  +  discuss:  via 
  on  "built to help publishers, developers and editors find a constant stream of quality content" 
  Thanks! Please contact us at hr
  New launches with    More to come soon.
 Congrats! RT  Thanks to partners       for the ViewChange.org <3
  helps power  a media platform for social change funded by the  
 We're Hiring!  is seeking a Senior Information Technology Operations professional ASAP: 
 We're hiring a Senior Ops pro. Help shape our long-term infrastructure & scaling strategy:  
 Daylife is hiring for Senior IT/Ops! See  for details.
 RT  I'm on a panel at Digital Hollywood today at 3:50.  Should be lively discussion with The Filter,  Veveo 
 Daylife CEO  A Case for Media Optimism: 
 Thanks! RT  Beautiful site, real time universe.daylife.com
 Daylife's Chris Neimeth will talk media tomorrow at Digital Hollywood with execs from Comcast, DailyMe, PerfectMarket: 
 RT  Political Widget Takes  Top Prize at ONA Hackathon 
 RT  Movement in still life: one great shot from  and   
  News innovators         
 Congrats to  part of winning  news app team!  RT   don't forget the talented 
 Congrats to winning  API-powered news app team       cc 
 RT  ONA + Daylife 
 Winning  news app from   hackathon is already available in WordPress directory! 
 This  Magazine created at  hackathon shows realtime coverage: . Powered by  API.
 Thanks! RT  Shout-out and big thanks to  for sponsoring  hackathon and providing the prize money! 
 RT  www.onamagazine.org using  API is live! Thank you    &  team  
 Excited to work with our newest sports client   is powering addictive driver slideshows: 
     Congrats on  award and your brilliant political coverage app! Exciting use of  API.
 RT   Thanks for a great  Look forward to flesh things out w/    release a working app
 RT  Impressed by creativity of  teams w  API: automated event magazines, political coverage visualization & more.
 RT  Glad I got to poke around with the  API for  to make something nifty. Thanks for the tool and sponsorship today!
 Our pleasure! RT  Special thanks to  for  sponsorship, and Vineet Gupta, who came down to judge and help teams.
 RT  Underwater, large, and wonderfully intricate: the many ways to make a jack o' lantern via  
 Check it out! RT  Need an idea for  API projects for  hackathon on Sunday?  
 Cool idea from our friends at  RT   Forbes To Crowd Source Its January Issue 
 Thanks! RT  Ideas for  API projects for  hackathon.  
 Awesome stuff. RT  The official hash tag for the  hackathon is  Check out 
 Nice! RT   I'm in. Really excited to get started. Been playing around w/  - lots of potential. cc 
 Win $500 when you build a news app with the  API at  hackathon at  
 Thanks! RT  Daylife sponsoring ONA Conf Hackathon  $500 for best app built using Daylife API + $ share: 
 Journalists & Developers: We're sponsoring the  hackathon at  Join us: 
 Awesome. RT  Traded music & jokes for soldering & sewing. I build fun science projects w/kids before work  
 RT  RT  Amazing photos from the Solar Dynamics Laboratory -    thanks to 
 RT    Glad you like your page, Judyth.  Let me know if you want to update your thumbnail.
 Thanks! RT  paidContent.org: Daylife working with digital publications  
     - a few of our latest Social Media launches. Thanks all! 
 Thanks Judy! RT  Great to see  moving beyond news sites for growth.  via 
 RT  Daylife Looks Beyond News Sites To Social Media For Growth 
 RT  Daylife Helps  Get Organized And  Get Visual 
 Today's Daylife cover gallery: lovely shots of angry strikers in France  
 Thanks Tamara! RT  daylife.com is rocking my world right now.
 We heart you! RT  I (heart) daylife.com
 Learn about  newest social media launches    
 Not just the web's fault newspapers are hurting: wasn'thttp://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2010/oct/17/newspaper-abcs-websites-internet-news
   Hell's Kitchen bug is fixed & the topic will clear up soon. Thx for the heads-up, Dan
 RT  Please join us! RT  The   hackathon on 10/31 is filling up quickly! 
  thx, dan - we'll disambiguate it asap
 NewYork.com used Daylife to launch a portal with NO tech staff whatsoever - power to the editors! 
 Susannah Breslin on her success (and struggle) in self-published journalism ("This work inspired.")  
 RT  Tuesday, come hear  speak about Semantics and Publishing at  conference in NYC: 
  Our pleasure.  We're sponsoring a $500 prize for the best app that uses the Daylife API. Hope you can make it. 
  The  ONA Hackathon Oct 31 ends at 4 PM. Hope to see you there! 
 Thanks! RT  Daylife is hiring for 4 new positions! Help us shape the future of digital content: 
  Hackathon at  attendee list is incredible! Join folks from    and more: 
 Thanks! RT  RT  Angel Power     
 Nice! RT  Just nominated  for Best Use of an API  
  two of Daylife's newest team members  and  Welcome aboard!
 Got a question for  Follow and ask us on  
 Welcome Chris, we're thrilled! RT  Now that  has been acquired by  I'm working with  and diggin' it.
 Proud to sponsor! RT   hackathon event on Sunday after  is now free! Register here: 
 Our pleasure! RT   Thanks for inviting me--great space, and even better talks!
 Thanks! RT      
 See pictures on Facebook from Clay  talk on Cognitive Surplus, his latest book, last night  HQ: 
 RT  Thanks  for a stellar talk at  last night. Great to see      
 Thanks for joining! RT  Seen  give an enjoyable talk at the  offices in NYC last night.
 RT  Back from great  talk at  on his new book. Also recommend his talk on filter failure 
 RT   talk on Cognitive Surplus  HQ tonight was great, now i just need to finish the book
 Welcome our newest  team member! RT  Psyched to be starting full-time at  next week!
    Thanks and excited to see you at Clay's talk! 
 RT  more of my fall wardrobe has arrived! i hope  appreciates the new duds i'll be sporting at  party tonight!
 We're excited for  talk at  HQ tonight on his new book Cognitive Surplus: 
 Yes! See  "Universe." RT  Jonathan Harris is also presenting today: 
   Thanks! Looking forward to  talk on Cognitive Surplus  HQ tonight: 
 Clay Shirky is speaking at  HQ on his book "Cognitive Surplus" Thursday. We still have space - RVSP here: 
 RT  Daylife is hiring for 4 new positions! Help us shape the future of digital content: 
 A fan of Clay Shirky? Watch  speak in person about his new book 'Cognitive Surplus' Thursday at  HQ: 
 Wonderful! RT  via  - ? Me just saying grace to the BOA Ball
    Daylife is thrilled to help power the new, sleeker Forbes design: 
 Want to build the future of news?  is sponsoring the  hackathon at  in October: 
  Thanks for the heads up David! We've replaced Labs with our new Developer Site here: 
 RT  Terence Kawaja - The Science-ification of Media 
  will host a special talk but  on his new book "Cognitive Surplus" on September 30. Join us: 
 Congrats   on the new Forbes 400!  is thrilled to help power the evolution of a classic: 
 Cool! RT  My first 5 followers were     and   
 We're hiring! Looking for star engineers and marketers. More details here: 
 Wonderful curation! RT   Really Likes Real Madrid. More Photos 
 Thanks! RT   Created Entertainment Weekly. NYT's About.com, Advance online chief, and I'm a fan of his  start-up.
 Gracias! RT  La verdad que  está muy bueno. Miren como extrae "quotes" de los artículos en la web: 
 Friday Follow   one of our newest clients! See their  topic pages here: 
 Great look at the digital-only news model. RT  The still-evolving Newsonomics of digital transition 
 RT  Why SEO and audience tracking won’t kill journalism as we know it  
 Thanks! RT  Nice - Photostream from Daylife - 
 Catch up on the excitement of yesterday's primary elections on  . Photos of Rangel, O'Donnell & Paladino.
 Exciting news:  is now powering Topic Pages for  
 Congrats to our friends   on the launch of  The Local: East Village 
 Looking for photos from  Video Music Awards? Get your Gaga and Bieber fix on Daylife:  
 RT  Decided to give  a test drive with Streaming Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Photos  
 Congrats to  on launch of the ARGO news network!  is honored to help power the future of public media: 
    supply latest links: RT  NPR debuts local sites focused on one topic 
 RT  Services changing the world of journalism:   feat.     
  on the changing online news environment, and  
  New media innovators       
 RT  Thanks 4 RTs:          
 RT  New Data Visualization Tool for Journalists Created by Knight Professor 
 RT  the NYTimes developers event in 2 days will focus on mobile & location apps 
  Thanks for spreading the word Russ!
 Daylife is growing! We're looking for rock star developers and marketing directors - learn more here:  
 Last day for SXSW votes!  Please vote for our  panel: Storytelling in an Age of Industrialized Content: 
  Accidental News Explorer creators   : 
 "Always an amazing image. This one blew me away." RT  Daylife Homepage 8/25 | Flickr 
  Great to hear! Excited to see what you cook up.
 Great post on  app. RT  News Discovery iPhone App is (Almost) the "Pandora for News" 
   How can we help? Feel free to email rachel [at] daylife [dot] com to discuss!
 RT  Ever check out  I love its homepage. Always a stunning image to grab you. This one's magnificent: 
 Please vote for our  panel: Storytelling in an Age of Industrialized Content:   
 Thanks! RT  My Twitter BFFs:       
 Thanks       for tweets on Accidental News Explorer: 
 Credit goes to  RT  The Accidental News Explorer from  is pretty cool. Easy to get lost in articles.
 RT  Tell better stories w/Semantic Publishing Platform  Accidental News Explorer Pandora 4 news App 
 Thanks! RT  New examples on the site!    and  redesign: 
  on  news app. RT  Accidental News Explorer -  new app for news surfing, old style 
 Pandora for news: The Accidental News Explorer app, powered by  is now available. Congrats  
 RT  From Zurich: Engaging new video series about how new media is impacting storytelling. 
 RT  The Accidental News Explorer: Pandora for News   (Serendipia al consumo de noticias)
 More coverage of  Accidental News Explorer - powered by  
 Thanks for creating with  RT   thanks guys for the lovely post. Hopefully it'll be on the app store very soon.
  built the Accidental News Explorer iphone app, a Pandora for news, using the  API: 
 Huge thanks! RT  We like        
 More on  SXSW panel: Storytelling in an Age of Industrialized Content  cc: 
 Thanks! RT  Vote for  SXSW panel: Storytelling in an Age of Industrialized Content! 
 Check out  blog, all about developing his  Doodlebuzz app for the iPad: 
  Everything looking ok now?
 A whole mess of Bloomberg's animated data visualizations - gorgeous and useful    
