 Neat building: East Experiment Station at UMass - 
 RT  RT   Canadians worry how to celebrate War of 1812 politely; Americans not even noti ...
 RT  "The most difficult skill" in creative work "is controlled restlessness, knowing when it's time to move on" 
 Thirsty horses and trolley cars: 
 Room for papers like this one is the best thing about academia 
 Surviving the July heat wave of July 1911 (NYC ed.) 
 New post: The Blackstone Block - Boston's original streetscape 
 RT  "Suicide by a Gazelle," or what an 1847  anecdote teaches us about digital archives: 
 Historic pictures of the moon taken from Harvard's Observatory, 1904 from  
 RT  Beautiful steampunk-y music machine.   
 Blog redesign. Bells and whistles. Have at it: 
 RT  The President John Adams Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via    ...
 Trying a site redesign. Not sure I like it. Let me know what you think: 
 Signs of the times. RT  Exchanges greetings with Soviet Premier Khrushchev on Independence Day.
  What better reason?
  Thanks for that mentions!
 Road trip reading: the original fast food chain 
 RT  Aiming to do something different this 4th of July? Lucky for you, Mass is teeming with awesome (and slightly odd) ev ...
 RT   - thanks for the follow and nice article on Tadeusz Kosciuszko! 
  thanks. There's a link in there to you guys, I believe.
 Who doesn't love statue backstories? Here's Tadeusz Kosciuszko, hero of two continents: 
 
 Second grade class pledged allegiance to the flag, adorably 
 Boston's historic (once abandoned) theaters 
 RT  "A Clean Boston Harbor: Twenty-Five Years Later" by Doug Foy 
 RT  iPhone apps for the  via  
 Hubtrotter digs up harbor island photos in the  online archives 
 The autopen and the weird shit Thomas Jefferson had in the basement: 
 RT   - good question. here's one theory (and comments): 
 How come those didn't stick? RT  1961, Goodyear's illuminated tires.   
 Did you know yesterday was "Lafayette Day"? 
 RT  The House Tour is in today's Globe, check out the photos of one of our homes! 
  always choose brooklyn :)
 Highlights from the Library of Congress' Jukebox  I'm partial to 
  Neat. Watching the doc tomorrow?
  thanks for the RT! Interesting stuff, huh?
 + Boston profiles look to be heavily of Jewish riders. Past PBS doc on complex history of Black-Jewish relations: 
 New post: Freedom Riders debuts, Boston edition - 
 RT  The  panel hosted by WNET w/ filmmaker Stanley Nelson & 4 freedom riders is online   ...
 Boston-area freedom riders look back, via  
 RT  For kids and grown-ups: Don’t miss the famous Library Lions made entirely of LEGO.  nypl.org/100 
 The  tell the history of Trump  
 RT  Handy list of asylum museums, for travel planning purposes  
  Though if you RSS you often get to the great datepegged posts weeks late...
  Thanks, that made my night.
 Accessing America's musical treasures (about to get easier)  via 
 The many lives of Paul Revere's house 
 Massachusetts was the first state to issue license plates, 1903: 
 Great installments of North End history: 
 RT  And how it won our hearts:  RT  How the pigeon came to NYC 
 Introduced to the Historic Boston Inc. blog. Great rehab photos around town: 
 How the pigeon came to NYC 
 RT  Exploring Vermont’s historic Route 7A    
 "In my death, I have stumbled upon the Internet."  
 Fenway Park, what's old? What's new: 
  raising hand.
 RT  Virtual tour through Paris  (via  
 Something to watch.  Next to Greenway, a fine site for Boston history museum  
 RT  Remembering old-time Boston/New England radio & television ad jingles and slogans: 
 RT  From the Beehive, a poem on the dreadful winter of 1779-80:  
 The Library of Congress is sponsoring a remix-its-images contest 
 Wilderness to Apple store  (New York)
  Any time.
 -- That said, find it hard to believe Clinton never fundraised there and Obama never stopped in during his years in Cambridge.
 This is pretty awesome: Presidents in Brookline 
 RT  Boston 1775 remarks on my busy schedule: Oh, It’s On Now!—Tea Party Talks in February 
 . grandmother's fabulous matchbook collection 
 RT  animal caricatures were the listicle of the 1890s: see here in re: l'affaire Dreyfus 
 Sunk boat gets landmarked. Won't get a lot of visitors. 
 WBUR's  visited the  
  Always happy to :)
 Favorite item: visit to Boston's newspaper row 
 Ooh, Remember Jamaica Plain has a new blog. Looking promising. 
 RT  Vintage computer ads: How to be a Retronaut ”
 RT  historic New Bedford Whaling District an underrated New England travel destination: ”
 RT  Americana museums find ways to reinvent themselves, attract new visitors- today  12PM on VPR  
 Entire blog devoted to Revolutionary war figure, Benjamin Church  also via 
 New year's pamphlets at  
 Sorry Boston, great musings on the New York skyline 
 When Copley couldn't find a corkscrew... 
 New Year's Resolutions for  from 1927 
 RT  Rough  week? Today's  round-up looks at why some airports aren't *that* bad to get delayed in: http: ...
 Legacy of the 1888 Blizzard RT  This snow storm makes us grateful for public transport. Thanks 
 Making way for sleighs during Boston's Great Blizzard of 1888  
 Did Frederick Law Olmsted have a hand in Cornell's campus?   
 How the electric train got its start in Manhattan's department store windows - 
 Angela, a 19th c Italian immigre's first Christmas tree: 
  Neat.
 Type-tracking software and T.S. Eliot: 
 Historic buildings visits home of accused witch Rebecca Nurse, in Danvers 
 Vintage greetings from Boston 
 Interesting recent hist. crowdsource ask RT  Anyone have memories of the shopping center at holidays? 
 Amazing story. Child genius disappears from Brookline, in 1939 
 Belated  history podcaster 
 . puts Steinway's entire diaries online: 
 Great doc on Sputnik and science education: 
 RT  Obama calls for 'Sputnik moment' - 
  thanks! Second link was the hard one. Can't figure out which other images from the series to do more with.
 RT  One of my students just told me she dreamed, after falling asleep to Moby-Dick, that I held class on a boat and was swall ...
  You too! RT Our Documerica series:  Others you'd like to read about? 
 Seen our Documerica series?  
 Flickr got a major addition of Civil War portraits 
 Frank Lloyd Wright Jr's stay with the Olmsted brothers 
 RT  RT    for all things having to do with Christmas around Boston, including events, busines ...
 Very flattering pictures of Government Plaza, now up for a redesign. 
 RT  Glad to see that Lost City is back in action--at least since Halloween. 
 RT  Rare vintage photos from the dawn of skateboarding  (via 
 Walls of John Palmer house of Marblehead still bear signs of life as a ship 
 RT  Planning T'Day slideshow to re-educate cats on what to do with mice less than 6 ft. away. Hint: it's not sleep.
 Anyone in on National Day of Listening Tomorrow? This was made for history wonks. 
 RT  America's Great Historic Restaurants 
 There is a cookbook reading at  on saturday 2pm. With snacks.
  thanks for the RT!
 Farmer's markets, urban gardens. Been there, done that. 
 RT  Suspected vampire body exhumed; heart cut out, burnt, ashes drank. In Rhode Island.  
 Great  Poe exhibition now online. 
 Got some image envy of the banner at the top of the  web page 
 When the classic Mercantile Wharf Building became modern apartments 
 RT  More than Decoration: The new galleries hold surprises including this Tiffany window. 
  Was hoping that would be an actual time capsule..
 RT  Sounds like they need a records manager. RT  Gizmodo Uncovers Saved Images Body Scanner at Federal Courthouse ht ...
 The much watched debate of the museum curator and fact-checking paper bag fanatic 
 How foreign aid was created by accident: 
 Results of voting on preservation initiatives from the midterm elections 
 RT  I love history because it is like a fractal - whatever you want to know about, you can always zoom in for more detail.
   Loved it. That was a gem of library gossip.
 !!! RT   City Hall Plaza is getting a makeover through EPA's Greening America's Capitals program: 
 "peanut eating soldier" 
 Happy to discover  's blog with lost of Boston history 
 Wonderful backgrounder from  on the Documerica environmental photo project 
 First Documerica post: The disappearing Neptune Road 
 Maps from  found in pages of  book, during prep for Civil War maps exhibit.  reports: 
 RT  PhD student: I'm used to everything in digital form. Whenever I go in the stacks, it's like some creepy, prehistoric place
 Back with a vengeance. Apologize for blog neglect. Expect big things this week.
 Brookline cook is making the recipes from Fannie Farmer's 1890s cookbook 
 Site trying to save dying words before they become obsolete 
 RT  Interesting piece on the use of capitalization in the 18th c., and its Tea Party imitators: 
 Strictly high-grade dentistry here: 
 Wonder where the word vampire entered our lexicon?  has your answer:  
 RT  Happy  A spooky collection of haunted places to celebrate 
 Happy Halloween! Gunstock ghoul owned by Paul Revere: 
  Thanks, will check that one out, maybe the folks behind it know more...
 Anyone know any good digital history projects out of Cornell?  
 New post on a very short voyage to Cuba. 
 RT  Interesting story about haunted hikes in  
  I don't have television. Am DEVASTATED to be missing it.
 Records of ice shipments to Havana 
 Thanks for the mention RT  From  how folks in Lawrence 1962 dressed as counterparts from 1788 
  new friends    Can you tell I'm ready for the end of my work week yet?
 RT  National Cryptologic Museum - 
 Some very unusual museum tours... 
  Thanks for the follow. Happy to have you!
 . What's going on with  mentions. Lots of people having problems. Why hasn't this been addressed?
 RT  RT  Archivists Watch (Archives and Human rights)  
  Hadn't read it, but heard some interviews with the author.
 RT  Morbid Anatomy Library on the Huffington Post's "Cabinets of Curiosities and Unique Collections from around the World ...
 Big name architecture. Charles Sumner's surprisingly simple townhouse in Beacon Hill. 
 Medium-term historic. RT  How long does it take a Happy Meal to decompose? A photo essay. 
 . draws interesting conclusions on evolution of school size + walkability since the 50s 
  that seems to have held. The latest, people's most creative time's 10 at night 
 RT  Gorgeous! RT  View from Edith Wharton's garden, looking up to her house, Lenox, Mass.  ...
 Rhetoric ripe for our times. Liberty poles h/t  
  You're very welcome. Likewise.
 Separating the trash, c. 1918 
 RT  Sarah Peters: "While drawing, I imagined myself on the Mayflower." 
 It's another era.  
 RT  Alexander Graham Bell: Mr. Watson, come here, I want to see you. Don't put me on hold! Ugh. 
 Petrified bread from siege of Paris 
 RT  Gather Ye Olde Suburban Knights  via  via 
 On the blog, Bostonians and their newspaper readership, classic edition 
 RT  The new urban renewers: Getting past the Jacobs-Moses paradigm | Capital New York 
 Archival research unearthed the Guatemala Syphilis experiments 
 Photographer Bruce Davidson and his images have staying power -  (via 
  I would like my  back. Any progress on fixing that glitch?
 MHS has possibly their best blog post yet on members they kicked out (think 1790s) 
 Nine (historical) inventors done in by their own creations 
 T.S. Eliot thought life was too quiet in a university town 
 Beating the Yankees is always Boston history. Tape of their 1960 defeat found in Bing Crosby's cellar. 
 Here today, blog tomorrow.
 . has an extra-festive Old North Church 
 RT  British Commander, 1776: Camouflage? Don't need no stinkin camouflage. Neon red is our COLOUR! 
  Any time.
 RT  History of the Boston Public Garden 
 RT  Six-year-old Laura Jernegan went on a 3-year whaling expedition with her family in 1868. She kept a journal.  ...
 How did Boston respond to the 1980s water crisis? That's right, water. 
 Someone searched all these image databases for "Boston" and they got results... 
  Wonderful photo on today's post.
 Off my turf, but neat new history of science blog from U Toronto 
 "A good example is Alan Gribben’s ”Mark Twain’s Library: A Reconstruction,” which runs to two volumes and took nine years to complete."
 RT  Authors' Lost Libraries - 
  you're very welcome.
 RT  Today in 1908: General Motors is formed by William Durant. Early GM car:  (
 Also early  for  
 I'm embarrassed to say I will probably forget  tomorrow, so an early plug for  whose blog hooked me long before his twitter presence
 . would love to see some of the suggested topics get published on your site. Maybe I just like reading other people's mail...
 RT  Now researching stories for Season 9. Submit YOUR story: 
 Rt  How votes counted, and who counts as important as who votes. History of voting methods.  
 Primary sources for primary day, oldies but goodies 
 Love love this article on a sheaf of old New York school records 
 A historical argument for public transportation 
