 RT  Vegan Jorge Garcia does stand up for cancer benefit 
  & I will repeat... We have pisses off the google gods... ;) bit thanks for the invite!!! <3 u!!!!!
  :D I almost forgot it was Friday!!! Thanks!
  thanks!!! :D
  YES! :D I've been working on it since the beginning of the year! Still can't believe it's done!!! :)
  ME TOO!!!!!!!! thanks! :)
  yes! Only two tattoos I have! :)
  yup that's me!!! It didn't hurt that bad... :)
   oops this tweet didn't send last night!!! Here's the finished tat!!! <3 
  :):):) oh I will, the place we r doing vegan drinks made a special vegan menu for us!!! YAY!
  thanks!!! :)
  lol!!! Yes ma'am!!! :)
  awe... Thanks! :)
 6/9 is my one year veganiversary!!! I'm more excited abt this than my birthday this year!!! & Dallas Vegan Drinks is tomorrow too!!! :)
 Orange Raisin Oat muffins w/ lemon glaze!!! Wish I had a recipe to share but I just concocted! :D 
 Ahahahahahahahahaha!!!!! That's awesome! :)    
 RT  We'd love to have you volunteer for the Texas State Veggie Fair in the fall! It's going to be a blast :)  ...
   she does custom work, mine is actual for spiral diner in Dallas I'm sure she could easily do that!
  I've been wearing long sleeves but it's getting warmer, & yeah it hurt, that's one of the worst spots bit it didn't take long! :)
  :) I love my tattoo, except for having to cover it up at work for dress-code :(
 Stoopid twitter just resent a tweet I sent the other day..., I'm not getting out of bed to go to the computer to delete it... :-/
 My new love!!! By  
 My new love!!! By  
  lol! I saw that, I deleted him also, I didn't really want to accept his request in the first place! :)
  I'm afraid of the sh*t storm I would start if I posted that last tweet on FB... :-/
 I am not  because I hate food, my perception & belief of what is food has merely changed!
  I can't wait to see you Eddie!!!!!!
 RT  The reason we eat wear and use other animals is bc we can & bc our thinking is flawed. They are not our property. Go vega ...
  ha! I know!!! I knew it was Thursday earlier today but at dinner I questioned it...
 O.M.G.  made the most awesome chipotle brownies & brought them to share  our vegan Cinco de Mayo meetup!!! :)
  I totally had that same freakout about an hour ago!!!
  LMAO! & I thought I was the only one! :D
  YAY!!!!!
 RT  Don't miss our Cinco de Mayo vegan meetup tonight at Sol's Nieto Mexican Grill! 
 RT  You'll have no problem here getting your fill of delicious pie! $10 for $20 at Pizza Lounge 
  we are going to acclimate you to the spicy flavors!!! & bring me a chipotle brownie tonight!!! pwease?!?
 Dallas Vegan Bake Sale for Japan is happening now!!! Come get some awesome baked goods & support a good cause! 
  lol, please, no
 BBQ anyone? Yes it's  I made it myself & yes it looks f'n creepy like meat... 
  me too! Thanks! :)
  thanks & I am in LOVE with your dancing veggies!!! :)
 Done for the night! :) color to come in a few weeks! :) 
  thanks! :)
  thanks! I love it! :)
  thanx lady! :)
  yes! Hopefully doing all tonight! You can see in person tomorrow! :)
 Outline done! Now on to shading!!! :) 
  
     thanks!!! Here's what I'm doing for my bday!!! Tat cover!!! YAY 
   fine! Have it your way! ;P
  yay! Tasty vegan cookout! :)
 we have two hands so we can scratch two dogs' ears  once! :)
 THANKS!!! & yes we must plan something in the next few weeks! :) RT   
  you are very welcome! :)
  thanks lady! :)
  they use eggs, milk, butter, whey & yogurt, donuts are so easy to make vegan! They should try it! :)
  hi! I'm Erin I was tweeting you from the Dallas vegan account, this is my personal one! :) hope to meet you soon! :)
  lol, sounds like that cat thinks he's a dog! :)
 RT  It seems the older Charlie Sheen gets, then more he looks like the Decepticon logo.
 Ugh! 6 boxes of Krispy Kremes in the breakroom  work... They smell disgusting!!! 
 That sounds like an awesome idea!!! :) RT  I want to curl up in a bowl of pasta and eat my way out.
 Yes we do!!! RT  This business with  is cracking me up. Clearly we need to start a vegan food stock photo website.
  my absolute fav thing to make in mine is artichokes!!!
 YAY!!!!!!!!! RT  ah - my pressure cooker just arrived via UPS.
 RT  Um.. hey social conservatives? If I ACCIDENTALLY get pink nail polish on me, will I still turn gay? I'm not clear on ...
  from what I could tell on my phone, deleting & recreating is the only way to fix it! :)
  I know, I want his kitchen! :P
  If it is saved to favorites the text that number option is what's set on that list
 I've given up on cooking & cleaning in my tiny ass shitty kitchen, I'm just having smoothies unless I go out! :D
 RT  Looking forward to taping  tomorrow! Show featuring  will air later this month.
 Hey everyone! tell my friend Jamey over  happy birthday today!!!
 Crazy thunderstorms in DFW this morning, my two cuties didn't care one bit! ;P 
  I have seen boxes of the mini lara bars, but they were on clearance so prob cant find again, want something that mimics nonveg
  like packaged goods, something we don't have to make at all, but don't know what would be good small portions...
  now we r trying to find something small & packaged so it's no fuss...
  at this point still trying to figure out if we can even bring food without a restaurant permit or something
 My BP is up. I'm freaking out... Trying to remind myself it will only take 10 mins... max. :-/
  I sure did! :)
  lol, twitter is way better than google! ;D btw I had an awesome tofu club sammich last night!
 looking to have some vegan food to sample at a local festival, no cooking there, something eaten not warm and not cookies... suggestions?
 RT  People are walking out of Charlie Sheen's show & it isn't selling very well. In other news I was on Star Trek.  ...
 RT    Dallas Vegan Drinks - April - next Thursday at Anvil Pub!
 I'm getting HUNGRY!!!!! can't wait to go eat  later!!! :)
 RT  glenn beck is gone??? awww, too bad! LOL! ;)
   I listened to the first three podcasts & was vegan! :D
  I haven't seen that, hmmm... But it's mostly a problem of me not looking to see if other person has already replied...
  cool, I'll look into some of those & of 4 twitter apps I have on my phone, not one sent me a notification this afternoon :(
  it's more of not seeing that the other person replied to someone already & them posting stuff & getting replies, no biggie
  thanks for all you do, your podcast is the reason I became vegan!!! <3
 RT  recording my next podcast in which I talk abt excuse-itarianism and foodie-ism as a romantic justification 4 eating animals.
 Does anyone else tweet for an organization with multiple tweeters on the same account? Any tips on lessening the confusion?
  awe, thanks! :) & glad it worked for ya! Ha!
    this is the aftermath of the dog park! :D  
  RT  Just CHOSE to watch Eat, Pray, Love over Hot Tub Time Machine... 
  the new place on Henderson is super close walking distance to me!!! I can't wait! :)
 (2/2) they r bestest friends EVAR!!! if no good on locating dogs mommy I will keep her! (she's on the left!)  
 Oh yeah i forgot to tell twitterland! I found the sweetest little doggie on Saturday on my walk with Ian, trying to find her mommy... (1/2)
 RT  I became  when I finally expanded my compassion for animals, beyond dogs and cats. Make the connection. Love  ...
  ack! Crap I got distracted!!! I'll see you Friday  angus' house if u r still gonna be there! :)
  where? I forgot... :(
 RT  Dance like the picture's not going to be tagged. Love like you've never been unfriended. Tweet like no one's following.
 RT  Sometimes a smile is just an indication that a person is mentally rolling their eyes and making a jerk-off motion.
 RT  They need to make removable tattoos that say "I DID THIS TO MYSELF" to go over clumsy girls' bruises so we don't look li ...
  :D that thought did cross my mind!
  lol!!! You are too funny!
  k, if i do two pans of each it will make 2doz regular & 4doz minis...
  lol, yes hi I'm Erin!!! How many of regular & minis should I make? I love to bake so I will make lots if needed! :)
  this is true! ;)
  hi! I just got your email back, I'm hunting for flavors & I love banana nut! So I will def make those! :)
 I'm making muffins for the   what flavors should I bake?
  lol, I tend to prefer weird people, normal people suck!
 RT  SAVE THE DATE...Dallas Vegan Bake Sale for Japan relief...Saturday, April 30th. More deets tonight. What will you be ba ...
 RT  I'm sorry that I haven't catered to your specific taste preferences, allergies and dietary needs in absolutely everythin ...
  I have a jack lalane that I just don't use anymore, you are more than welcome to borrow it for as long as u need
  sounds yummy! I had a big green smoothie! :)
 RT  come see the Dallas Vegan table  the Oak Cliff Earth Day event on Sunday April 17th noon-5pm 
  jealous.
  :) I'm not sure if you would use much of it, it's a lot of condiments/sauces & packaged food, but feel free to raid! :)
 I know it's not Friday but follow  cause I just got the password & will be tweeting there also! :)
  lol! That's cool! We will me in person at some point :)
  LMAO!!! I know u do! ;D come visit see what it's like!
  oh yes indeed! two big cooler bags full of vegan food & another bag full of liquor!!! ;D
 my friends, a vegan couple are moving out of state... I got the pleasure of cleaning out their fridge tonight! :D
   EXTREMELY YUMMY!!! here's the soup!  
  lol, I love it! :) should be leaving in abt 20 mins, I'll call u when I do
  lol, I'll bring to go containers! & will totally help with dishes! :)
  good! If only we had more handcarts!
  I promise I won't! U haven't seen my barely updated 1930's duplex yet!
 I'm having a home cooked meal with  tomorrow night!!! I'm soooooo excited!!! YAY! :)
  whole foods, park ln, & it was DELICIOUS!!!!!
  it was very good! :)
 mmmmm..... breakfast! :D 
  lol, I get that a lot! :)
  thanks! I am doing much better than before! Blood pressure is no longer  pre-hypertensive levels!
  only with my poor neighbor that is tortured with the smell of the food I cook! :)
  & filed for divorce Friday b4 last, still kinda settling into new place
  I haven't been talking on twitter much lately, clean FB house of aholes, so been over there!
  I found it my accident & glad I did! I make such a mess makin my own... & yes, it is amazing!
  :) frozen pizza dough, ground beef style seitan, daiya, fresh basil. bake. eat
  lol, no I shortcut that! They have fresh/frozen dough  the stores here, much less processed than name brand
 oh holy noms! lookie what I made for dinner! :) 
  Done! & remind people they can vote once an hour!
  so, ghost peppers, eh? How many in the batch of chili?
  damn I was hoping u dropped by the saucer, I just got here
  where r u now?
 RT  OMG Can't wait to try this new vegan Vietnamese restaurant in Dallas!   will you go wi ...
  oh yes ma'am! I haven't been there yet, either!!!
 oh Monday! I sure hope this week is better than last...
 my mother finds it completely acceptable to share important family medical emergency information with  me through text or email... UGH!!!
     Thanks for the 
  AHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! thanks I needed a laugh!
  :( I know, then after my ending explanation on that one, she pulled that shit again on another link... grrrrr
  here is the main bs on Monday  
  i just emailed you a short novel LOL i need vegan feedback... :( today was a direct attack on my beliefs
  do i have your email address?
  thanks, she is being so immature, childish and just seeking attention... but friendship = over
  sorry i didn't call the tat shop today... I didn't forget about you! :)
 love when a supposed close friend pours jet-fuel on the bridge & lights it with a blow-torch. nice knowing you in another life
  I'm trying to find it on google but no luck, bombarded with laser ads... I can call my tat shop & ask what it's called
  my tat lightened abt 8 shades & I'm abt to begin the new work soon, the lightening was around 200 vs thousands for laser
   it's really just to lighten so it can be covered easily, but it worked very well & way cheaper than laser
   yes, it's a clay based solution they tattoo into the original & it pushes old in out to lighten
  yes it is... & its only going to get worse as the gas prices go up, it's a common occurrence around here :(
 Will the madness stop!!! AC almost stolen this morn abt 5am & my bed is directly on other side of that window 
 Sooo... a seal walks into a bar...  
   THANKS! :) 
   ROFL! I know! :) but it's true!!!
   :D!!! Yes super awesome dinner companion!!!
  this is what I got to enjoy! :) 
  oh I'm just here today! Too much fun last night for St Patricks Day! :)
 RT  Someone called me a freak for being  As if I were the one drinking bovine secretions and eating chicken periods!
  YAY!
  lol! Good plan!
 So earlier today my neighbor called me to ask if I had any eggs, she knows I'm vegan! 
 YAY!!! it's my Friday!!! Going to see an awesome Celtic rock band for st paddy's tonight!!! ;):):):):):):)
  I sure hope so :D
  sounds dirty all by itself! ;)
 RT  Check out our story about The awesome SMU student group Vegetarians Taking Action! 
 just got around to hanging up pictures in the new place... wow what a difference that makes! :)
  the walls  this place pose too many questions... :P
  :) play on tiny phone screen or stare  wall! Lol
 at the laundromat doing laundry with laptop & my mobile hotspot... why didn't I think of this sooner...
  thanks!!!
  lol, no, no cookie press, but those sound good! U hv a recipe?
  that sounds yummy! I love when a last minute sub makes it way better!
  I think I may prefer that now! :)
 got some tasty oatmeal raisin cookies in the oven courtesy of  's book! :)
  that's what counts, & I LOVE tempeh!!!
  lol! U mean like a god?!?
  those were really tasty raisins!!! Thanks again for that! ;) the cookie batters tastes great with the almond extract
  that's what I went with, really all I had, the cookie batter tastes really yummy!
  that's kinda my only option... & I am going to use the very last of those raisins! :)
 Any ideas on a vanilla extract substitute? I'm out mid cookie making & I can't find my vanilla beans :(
  LMAO!!!! that's a good one!
  lol, I tell people if I treat them like I treat my dog it's a very good thing! :)
  YUM!!! I want some! :)
 RT  Things happens for a reason. In the end it only makes you stronger.
  yes he is very talented, so sad to see him this way... hope he gets better soon
  lol, the whole situation is just sad... he really needs help
 no thank you twitter, I do not wish to follow Charlie Sheen...
  LMAO!!!!! thank you for that! :)
  my good friend Eddie is moving to NY to take over as the new head of Mercy for Animals, I told him to seek out your goodies!!! :)
  yes indeed! :)
 Holy crap! The owner of hail merry raw snacks just requested me as a friend on Facebook... :)
 RT  Calling All Vegans: Martha Stewart Wants You! 
  I figured you might! Just email him back & tell him to save you a seat!!! & he will have more details!
  on April 20 he is doing a 5 course dinner & beer tasting  libertine on lower Greenville, email him if u want in
  awesome! :) so when are you coming back to the states?
  my friend with the veggie fair said he it your email & intends on getting back to u, he's just been busy! :)
 I'm at Dallas Vegan Drinks & it's a HUGE!!!!!!!! turnout!!!
 getting excited for Dallas Vegan Drinks tonight!!!
 : if it's possible to break your fingertips, I think that's what my dog just did to me, oh  break his retractable leash... :-/
  I understand, I'll only have a 4 month headstart on you! :) I've found a fun bunch to run with!
  anything they want me too!!! When u get to town I will introduce u to the organizer!!!
  lol! That's awesome!!!
 RT  Texas State Veggie Fair - October 23rd 2011! 
 2nd annual TX STATE VEGGIE FAIR ANNOUNCED!!!  So happy to be a part of & not just an attendee this year!!! :D
  me too!!! Ian is soooo sweet & snuggly in the morning! Makes it so hard to get out of bed!
 RT  deserves to retweeted RT  My child just punched the TV. Why? Huckabee. 
  oh, I wish I had gotten around to actually making it... :(
  :( & I still don't have any cool wooden toys...
  u can share it with me! :) I need more money to make more tasty noms! :)
 I drank my morning smoothie out of my favorite beer mug, this made me happy! :) 
  I'm good! Sorting through the last of the boxes tonight... With beer! :)
  hey u. whatcha doin?
  LMAO!!! I hope u like the fragrance! :)
  I just sent you an invite to chat
  & now they are all gone. :( at least it wasn't a full bag when i started! ;)
  yes. it is! :) i needed chocolate & it was the only source in the house!
  just got home, eating chocolate chips out of a bag...
  hi! whatcha doin?
  :(
  a bottle of my perfume fell out of my car door once, that area smelled like it for six months!!!
 this day just keeps getting better & better!!! :)
 RT  This whole Frying Nemo Trend trend is just super sad ;( RT if you want to SAVE Nemo!
  I have a jar... From the store :( but I usually put peanut butter in between my pancakes! ;)
  I love that stuff! & 70 degree weather, I'm in a tank top  the dog park right now! :)
  if u were here with me you could have two of those things & I would make the third happen! :)
 Awesome Friday! Off work early, now  dog park with Ian! :)
  poor babies... :( hope they didn't hurt themselves.
 HAPPY FRIDAY EVERYONE!!!!! :)
  thanks! She's the best snuggler ever too! Crawls right in the blankets with you! :)
  thanks! I miss her sooooo much, I just wanna squeeze her right now!
  oh it was sooooo good! I <3 breakfast for dinner! :D
   lol, sure!
   I actually used quite a bit for the 1 serving I made, but still yummy! Topped with coconut butter & syrup! :)
 I miss my kitty so much! My mom stole her & won't give her back! :) her name is Libby! 
  then I topped them with a bit of coconut butter & maple syrup! :) scrumptious!!!!
 i made pancakes with orange extract for dinner! They were soooooo tasty! :)
 one of my stripper socks is missing... :-/
 i just had a much needed ginormous bowl of veggies for dinner! i must make this a more common habit!
  lol! yes, a VERY FABULOUS dinner companion!
   they were super tasty!!! I'll be sure to grab one any time they have them! :)
  haha! Yes a dinner companion! I just saw that tweet! :P
  that was good, but I want a tofu club sandwich! I'm gonna have to drive over there in the next few days :)
  can u guess what I'm craving for dinner?
  lol! I don't run yet, so I'm up for quick walks/bike rides! ;)
  & I will only eat with you if you run it off with me at the lake! :)
  I'm on the cell so it's giving me the mobile page but under the vegetarian listing they all have good vegan options...
  yay!!! Lol, will work for  food!!!
  how much do the cooking classes  stores pay? Those r a hot item around here! ;) I'll be your assistant for free!!! :)
  lol, no, the call was just for pre-qualification!!! & yes craigslist is totally slim pickings!
  WOW! I don't own enough clothes to do that... I have to do laundry EVERY week
   OMFG!!!!!!! I already got a call about an animal shelter assistant job I applied to last night!!! :):):):):)
  THANKS!!! :)
   not much hope, I'll get two weeks pay... & I'm on ex's health ins till divorce is final...
   thing is it's her fault! She's a big time whistle blower/shit starter... That's my main problem...
   considering my boss is worried about still having a job, I think it's time to jump ship
   it's been a thought for three years... I just might have the balls to actually go through with it! ;)
  thanks, I'm lucky that his job is REALLY good now... even though it's in oil industry :(
   the only reason I'm considering it is my dad told me he would help me out... & I'm just applying to everything
  She can't remember what she says one day to the next... Sometimes one hour to the next... I generally get it in writing...
  not really, she is bi-polar & won't admit it & on lots of meds that make her crazy too...
  just par for the course lately...
  yup! Hopefully I can piss her off enough to fire me so I can get unemployment...
  I dont take kindly to being treated like a child... :(
  thanks! I need them
 UGH!!! when it rains, it pours... pretty sure I'm gonna quit my job tomorrow...
   yes very terrifying... Very glad it didn't turn out badly...
 Me & doggie got semi-attacked by a very large/aggressive Rottweiler with no tags on morning walk... :-/ We r fine, just pissed!
  my thoughts exactly!!!
  i would sooooo be watching that if i had cable...
  ROFL!!!!! I bet he looks stunning! :)
 RT  Oh god the "doesn't he own a shirt" song for the  is amazing.
  & I am actually much better, still on meds & just a pesky little cough, but it's getting better :)
  it was a great documentary for lots of reasons but the elephant part made me cringe...Poor thing was all painted & on display :(
  I actually just saw that! :(
 RT  Exit Through The Gift Shop should have won 
  ME TOO!!!!!!!!!!
 I <3 this bar! Comically large Jenga & Connect-Four!!!   
 I <3 this bar! Comically large Jenga & Connect-Four!!!   
  LMAO!!! did u also just get spammed by the writers wanted?!?
  LOL!!! but if I was still writing papers for class I would be looking to waste the space.
  :) I will try harder to break the habit! For your sanity!
  YAY!!! help me do it! please!!!
  so hard! This convo may actually do it for me though!
  lol! U are correct, but it's such a hard habit to break when you learn to type on such archaic items! ;P
  :( but I like being all proper & old fashioned...
 RT  can we all stop being disgusted at the "breast milk ice cream" in London - dairy milk comes from cow breasts
    thanks for the  & to everyone else if u aren't following these peeps, u should!!!
  1st round was sinus infection, got better for week&half then this shit is just bad upper respiratory infection...
  just release of too much stress in my life, I'll bounce back soon! :)
  I sorry, I moved & been sick... I'll try to be better! promise :)
  hey hunnie! U only seem to miss me  3am!!! ;P
  yes ma'am!!! Much better!!!
  thanks! :$
  I have but the vegan ones looked so far off of regular ones I wanted to try to veganize the regular, I'm stubborn like that! ;)
  good idea! I think I will try sour cream first, I'll let you know if I fail miserably! :)
  THANKS!!!!! thats the best looking vegan one ive seen yet! :)
  I'm trying to veganize a king cake recipe & every one calls for 5 egg yolks!!! Do u have a good vegan sub u prefer for those?
  but it has been a definite hardcore ab workout! LOL
  I fear if the coughing gets worse I will crack a rib
  I better be or I will start to wish for death, my whole body hurts so bad from coughing so hard yesterday & today
  thanks!
  I don't think flu, it hit hard yesterday & now I feel like I'm getting over it, so some kinda 48 hr bullshit!!! I hope
  you are so sweet for the concern, I'm here, barely... I'm actually a lot better than last night. I hate chills & fever
  awe... I'm just deathly ill on the couch  the moment...
  I rarely even see it... I usually tweet from cell, but today just started clicking follow on peeps w/ vegan in name!
 RT  There's nothing "all natural" about bacon.
  weird!!! But so glad I found u again! I guess that suggest followers thing is useful. sometimes! ;)
  ever find out why twitter killed your old account?
  YAY!!! For new twitter friends! :)
   I haven't read all of them but I'm headed to the laundromat to do laundry so now I know how I will kill time!!! :)
  oh yes!!! I cried for days over that one! :)
  my fav of all time is the dog relocation post!!! EEEEEEeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee LMAO!!!
  OMG I Love that blog too!!!
  glad u made it back safe!
  oh yeah! I cringed when I heard it...
 Worst grammar sentence of the week "did you printed it yet?" yes one of my coworkers actually said this on Tuesday...
   my last job there was a woman like that & she talked soooo loudly too I basically quit because of her(very small company)
  your very welcome!!! R u smuggling tamales up north? lol
  ugh! So very annoying! Girls here at work talk to their kids & guys ALL day long, I just stand  (cont) 
  grrrr!!! I hate that! That is a big problem  my work
  I'm saving mine for lunch today! I will be sure to get more when I see them there! Have a safe trip & thank you!!!
   we both failed miserably... :(
  lol! Yes good times! & the sandwich & desserts were awesome just hard to choose when it's ALL VEGAN!!!
  "date" hehehehehe... thanks for dinner!!!
  ROFL!!! I am now in a food coma... the salted carmel ice-cream did me in!!! ;)
 just had awesome vegan noms with  (that's a tofu club san'ich) 
  lol! I'm short & look like my twitpic! ;P
  ABSOLUTLEY! otw!!
  especially this late after rush hour
  it will be slightly more than 18 mins but not two hours...
  there r very tasty noms waiting... U need to go u will regret it if u don't!!!
   Dallas, TX
   if we meetup tonight we will post lots of food porn! I promise!!!
  any word on dinner yet? i'm still down for meeting up at spiral diner!
 RT  Facebook Adds 'Civil Union,' 'Domestic Partnership' To Relationship Status Options 
  lol! yes. it is! ;P
  YAY!!! it would be my first  !!!
  & I can't let u leave town without going to the only all vegan non Asian food restaurant in Dallas!!!
  I woulda told them to make me some veggie rolls!!!
  :) just lemme know!!!
 I am vegan for ethical reasons. All other benefits are secondary.
  u wanna hit up spiral diner with me tomorrow night?
  how's the Dallas food been treating u?
 Whoa! I just gave Ian his first bowl of his new vegetarian dog food & he is chowing down! good dog!!!
  oh I get that too... I'm just fed up with stupidity in general around here...
  overheard earlier "did you printed that yet?" I'm not joking I work with f'n dumbasses!!!
  oh we could tell each other stories for hours...
  thanks for the valentines!!!!! Love u!!! & Ian loves u too!!! 
  also, here is one of my friends sites... 
  I understand those tamales r awesome!!!
  all I know is Thai!  there r a few locations! :)
  let me know if you head down to spiral diner for dinner one night, I'll come meet u, I could never get tired of that place!
  yup! & it's a one time only BYOB!!!
  that would not be advised, they r not open on Monday's & opened up just for V-day reservations (cont) 
  those r good I like spicy spicy so I get the hottest ones!!! One place u must go is spiral diner!!!
  all good choices! Did u get the tamales is the fridge section from Austin with like 8 in the container? Those r the best!
  that's one of the two nicest stores in the area! & yes! This weather is gorgeous!!!!!!!!!
  hmmm... Well really close to where u will be is Chipotle, the veggie bowls & burritos r vegan with black beans
  YES!!!!!!!! I'm sooooo excited!
  no, they just said to wash 3X a day & keep moisturized.
  it's sore, but will be for a few weeks
  went to stray cat tattoo in Wylie, TX in the burbs
  lol! awesome! you musta looked perty darn cute if a gay guy asked your opinion!!!
  thanks! I'm in love with it!!!
  lookie! lookie! lookie!!!  
  I was pretty sure that was you! ;)
 Finished, unwrapped & washed! ;) soooo pretty! 
  I'm kinda a weirdo like that, pain doesn't really affect me unless it's one hard blow!
  Here is finished & unwrapped! ;) 
  we had a convo about bullet bill or another mariokart character I'm pretty sure
  yes! I got a list from a trusted friend & the tattoo shop owner uses that brand exclusively! (cont) 
  were still getting those matching tats when u bring your ass to Dallas!!!
  a little! But not too bad! ;)
  get it!!!
 FINISHED! 
 lookie what I'm getting!!! 
  the tat remover stuff healed I'm headed back to the shop tonight for either 2nd app of remover or start tattoo!!!
  (laughing out loud acronym)
  I am sooooo tired of this stuff!
 :tonights low for DFW near 12 degrees, Anchorage, AK 29...
  you are an evil, evil woman!!!
   i initiated the convo, been texting and chatting for 6 hours now...
  mine either, i've been texting an old friend, I haven't talked to in 7 years!!!
 =D!!!!!
