 Sleep for what im eatin what are u doin. P.U.S.H
 Is it me or was all rappers drugdealers
 Working hard in da studio tryn to satisfy my fans
 P.U.S.H we working while yall sleepin
 Shot out to everyone dat keep P.U.S.H in their mouth
 Still n da bank is coming
 Back to Alexandria
 Back to the money
  lets  get it homboi
  i see u nigga
  What up hombie whats poppin in B.R Thurs
 If u from Alexandria, La what yall got poppin dis weekend
 Get ready for the new hit called green. P.U.S.H
 Just gettin bak home from streveport attached to dis road shit
  ceo casa chillin. Big money talkin p.u.s.h.ent where da pushin don't stop
  da mall .....shit what else ima do with all dis money
 P.u.s.h. time
 In streveport pushin....p.u.s.h.ent where da pushin don't stop
  da mall of louisiana.....I gotta stay fly {j will}
 Chef will on da pit steaks and shrimp eatin good out here....p.u.s.h. ent google da knucklheadz
  hi def for da knucklheadz photo shoot....da pushin don't stop
 Pikin up my son and my my daughter from oh yeah knucklheadz all about family
  lauras 2 da best soul food in town hands down
 Chekin out new traks from producer jae mills....p.u.s.h.
  da barbershop gettin fresh {j will}
 1 take will iz what they kall me knucklheadz bitch p.u.s.h.ent
 I'm goin in {j will]
  nu era studio. Gettin featured on. Feezy song {j will]
 Pool tournament  my house...view latest videos on youtube..da knucklheadz
  dream studios
 P.u.s.h. on da scene and we pushin everything
  da barbershop gettin fresh { j will }
 Mixtape da deposit comin soon.....google da knucklheadz
 On da fastlane catch up haters
 On da way to da money
 Eatin at chillis
 Up 200 on dis pool game p.u.s.h. nigga
 Shootin pool talkin bout da mixtape da deposit
 In a p.u.s.h. meeting
 P.U.S.H means success.
 Puttin up posters and flyers p.u.s.h. ent where da pushin don't stop
 Back in da Lab working on another hit.
 Dope dick video. Goin on. Some real hot shit
  we got ya kym possible
 Check out Da Knucklheadz on bluestream at dream studios for 7:OO. Recording their single fly chick feat. 
 Getting ready to record fly chick single at dream studios.
 Up early in da morning givin out cds and flyers....lake charles crawfish festival today...da pushin don't stop
 Bout to hit da studio.
 RT   at da yo gettn it in..u kno how i do t-neg foot..Mz. Tril
 Getting ready for tonight its grind season nigga.
 Back in da studio bout to go to a p.u.s.h. meeting so xclusive nigga
  u already know big homie u don't get it if u don't push much respect to dj wax we makin moves catch up bitches
 RT  At Hands On Studios w/    & shot calla goin in!!!  
 Interview with chris logan from 107.9 we making moves homie p.u.s.h.ent
  nigga in miami ima tell dat nigga to get on dis twitter shit
 Google da knucklheadz.......da knucklheadz muzik on itunes and thumbplay download and buy rite now p.u.s.h.ent
  we got u my nigga any nigga that stay grinding get the upmost respect keep pushing nigga
 Back on da road headed to montgomery alabama da hustle don't stop push ent bitch
 Long nite last nite video shoot was on point shout out to da beautiful girls
 Da knucklheadz video shoot bout to start in 30 minutes don't forget to google us
 Shout out to producer jay mill you got us on dat next level homie these tracks are phenominal...google da knucklheadz
 On da way back from da mall damn hands hurt from holding all these bags coming soon on youtube
 4 more days tell da knucklheadz video shoot for da club hit dope dick. Download dat song on itunes and sosouth rite now
 New week better hustle stronger grind gettin closer to my dream.....google da knucklheadz hot muzik waiting for you
  its good nigga push
 2 our big homie  The grind is incredible
 On da grind early this mournin choppin it up with our homeboy dj dolby d. Google da knucklheadz rite now
 At blaq soul studio bout to lay a hit wit my nigga roll xand 
 At da blue dog cafe in a meeting with da consultant of 107.9....radio play comin soon...google da knucklheadz
 Bout to team up with our favorite rock band the pwells and make some hot new music. Video comin soon google da knucklheadz
 Google...da knucklheadz.  Google.....daknucklheadz.   download and buy our music. We also on itunes, sosouth, thumbplay...p.u.s.h.ent
 RT  MIKE BAGGZ IS DOING ALL FEATURES FOR $500 SERIOUS INQUIRIES ONLY CONTACT [LINDSEYMINAJ1
 On da way to 94.1 in baton rouge for a radio interview.....google da knucklheadz download our hot music now
 Bout to go see da video set for da song dope dick google da knucklheadz to download dis hot song
 This bitch just ask me for money....where they do dat at
  gettin dis money homie making moves what's good nigga p.u.s.h.
 I heard louisiana got da most beautiful girls dats true
 If you know u gettin money and you know u on yo shit download da song you know by da knucklheadz on sosouth and rhapsody asap thank you
 If u a fly chick download dis hot song fly chick by da knucklheadz on itunes and thumbplay thank you
 Just got back home fron jackson mississippi the gils r crazy fine oh yeah they love our song dope dick haha
 Photoshoot at 6, Knucklheadz we get it in. P.U.S.H
 Money money money. P.U.S.H
 Knucklheadz mixtape will b in da streetz Apr.6
 Just recorded another hit. P.U.S.H
 Just left chip video shoot now back at home(studio). P.U.S.H
 From the club to the studio fuck wit us nigga. P.U.S.H
 I just walked out my hotel room and i seen juelz santana is 3 rooms from me, does dat mean dat i got dipset money. P.U.S.H
 If anyone is in Baton Rouge tonight tell me whats poppin. P.U.S.H
 Go get the album or songs off sosouth.com. P.U.S.H
 Who needs love when u got money. P.U.S.H
 Rap money or trap money which one u prefer.
 Whatever happen to tela from suave house. P.U.S.H
 P.U.S.H ENT we all we got
 Time to hit da studio.P.U.S.H
 I got one question for the streets who's hotter than me. P.U.S.H
 Rapping isn't a hobby its a job. P.U.S.H
 Just left dream studios now its on to the next one. P.U.S.H Ent we get it in.
 Its more than music wit us its a movement
