 It's time to play...We're here to stay. Get on board or get out of the way!
 "By altering our attitudes we can alter our life."  Zig Ziglar 
 "A ship in harbor is safe, but that's not what ships are built for." John A. Shedd
 Dreams come true with Yellow Blue!
 “A leader is one who KNOWS the way, GOES the way and SHOWS the way”-John Maxwell
 Successful ppl practice while others play, but those who practice 2day get 2 play the game they love  the highest level tomorrow. Billy Cox
 YellowBlue Eco Tech  "Happy Days Are Here Again Video"  
 VIDEO...Get that YELLOW BLUE 
 St Louis was a total success. Thanks everyone who helped Launch YellowBlue ank  knock it out of the park!
 StLouis...Here we come!!!!
 Happy Days are hereb again!!!
 Wake it up and CRANK it up!
 Something Big...Something Fresh... Something new! COMING SOON! Stay Tuned!!!!
 RT   my wife and I are In a 5 star hotel with 1 star toilet paper. Definitely A little BIG thing (lol).
 Yellow Blue is a new and innovative eco tech company designed to help homeowners conserve energy, save money and protect the environment
 Want an EDGE? Here's one sentence that explains EXACTLY how 
 It's not what you are that holds you back, it's what you think you are not." Denis Waitley 
 "Always look at what you have left. Never look at what you have lost." ~Robert Schuller 
 The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. Ralph Nader
 Every game needs a hero...is it in you?
 Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. Ralph Waldo Emerson
 What doesnt kill you makes you stronger. Anonymous
 The Difference between a Boss & a Leader: A BOSS says 'Go' & the LEADER says 'Let's Go'" ~John C. Maxwell
 Comparison changes the value of things Dan Gilbert
 If you want to stay motivated you must be working for a purpose.Make sure every day you make a difference! Billy Cox 
 To thrive in life, you must understand your weaknesses so clearly that they never trip you up. Marcus Buckingham
 You can't lead anyone else further than you have gone yourself. - Gene Mauch
 Declare: Ill see every dream, every promise God has put into my heart come to pass. Joel Osteen  
 Always reach and strive for the next level and never settle for less than your very best.  
 Motivation needs to be a part of your own life for you to be effective in conveying it to other people. -Zig Ziglar
 Always remember, if you waste your time you waste your life Make every moment count. Billy Cox
 Success is NEVER Final, Failure is NEVER Fatal. It's Courage that Counts.- John Wooden
 A dream without action is only a delusion. Billy Cox
 You have to take a plan that might work and make it work Wesley K Clark
 Passion enables you to believe the impossible and the belief makes it become possible. Passion is the difference maker!
 Be nice to people on your way up because you'll need them on your way down. ~W. Migner
 Life is not a matter of milestones, but of moments.- TM Daugherty
 RESPECT, Always Show it, Always Expect it! Mike Wesely
 When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.- Lao Tzu
 Your best years are not behind you they are still out in front of you. - Joel Osteen  
 If you dont like something, change it. If you cant change it, change your attitude.
 For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me dream. Vincent van Gogh
 Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be. Abraham Lincoln  
 Getting knocked down in life is a given. Getting up and moving forward is a choice" Zig Ziglar
 The future belongs to people who can spread ideas. Guy Kawasaki
 Passion is universal humanity. Without it religion, history, romance and art would be useless. Honore Balzac
 The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. Mahatma Gandhi
 I have not failed I have just found out 10,000 ways that didnt work. Thomas Edison
 Praise and recognize others for the good they do and tolerate the characteristics that make each of us less than perfect. "BC
 It marks a big step in your development when you realize that other people can help you do a better job than you can do alone. A Carnegie
 Achievement is talent plus preparation. - Malcolm Gladwell
 The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials.
 Nothing of any importance has ever been accomplished by a pessimist". Jack Welch 
 All know the way; few actually walk it. Bodhidharma
 Always remember that striving and struggle precede success, even in the dictionary. Sarah Breatnach
 The most powerful and predictable people builders are praise and encouragement.- Brian Tracy
 You cant go wrong doing right Billy Cox  
 Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. Samuel Beckett
 What I am looking for is not out there ... It's in me Helen Kellar 
 The Difference between a Boss & a Leader: A BOSS says 'Go' & the LEADER says Let's Go" ~John C. Maxwell
 Ive learned that making a living is not the same thing as making a life.  Maya Angelou
 Good people strengthen themselves endlessly Confucius
 Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better. Jim Rohn
 Winning isnt everything but Wanting to win is. Vince Lombardi 
 Todays Insight : Spend time with your kids ... They'll keep YOU out of TROUBLE. B Cox
 Circumstances break mens bones; it has never been shown that they break mens optimism. G. K. Chesterton
 If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over? John Wooden
 Most often dreams are merely the minds way if dealing with desires that cannot be fulfilled. Tealc
 It's not how you start ... It's how you finish that counts....FINISH STRONG! 
 Its Your Time to rise above todays bumps in the road. You are closer to success than you think. Billy Cox
 Passion enables you to lead people you would not have been able to lead
 Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobodys going to know whether you did it or not. Oprah Winfrey
 By altering our attitudes we can alter our life.- Zig Ziglar
 Ask yourself a question: Is my attitude worth catching? Zig Ziglar 
 Its not the mountains we concur, but ourselves. Sal Edward Hillary 
 A positive attitude will let you do everything better than a negative attitude will." Zig Ziglar
 All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it! Bob Newhart
 Never look back unless you are planning to go that way. Henry David Thoreau
 The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra. Jimmy Johnson
 Imagination + Inspiration + Perspiration = Destination.....Dream Big! Play Hard! Get  !!!
 What a great day to be alive!
 The timing will never be perfect for you to pursue your dream, so you might as well start now. 
 Embrace change as long as it s taking you where you in the direction you want to go! Lou Holtz
 Its your dream. See it. Seize it. Keep it alive. 
 You can't live on yesterdays victories and expect to be a winner today"
 If opportunity doesnt knock, build a door.- Adrienne Gusoff
 Be carefulYou can talk yourself in to living a defeated life! Billy Cox
 A year from now you will wish you had started today. Karen Lamb.
 If you already know how to make your dream come true, then youre thinking too small. Jack Canfield
 The difference between success and failure can only be measured by ones desire. Author Unknown 
 Avoid "Dream Stealers";  stealers are those who say or do things to discourage you from trying to live your dreams.
 Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion; you must first set yourself on fire. Reggie Leach 
 Find a need and fill it. Ruth S. Peale
 We never know the love of our parents for us till we have become parents.Henry Ward Beecher
 Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement and success have no meaning. BenFranklin
 You dont get in life what you want. You get what you are.-Les Brown
 Poetry is what is lost in translation. It is also what is lost in interpretation. Robert Frost
 The key to happiness is having dreams. The key to success is making your dreams come true. Anonymous
 If you dont know where you are going, youll end up someplace else. Yogi Berra
 Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win. Bernadette Devlin
 A positive attitude will let you do everything better than a negative attitude will.- Zig Ziglar
 What is the biggest thing holding you back? Why? What are you going to do to change it?
 All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. Pablo Picasso
 The price of greatness is responsibility. Winston Churchill
 You may succeed if no one believes in you, but You Will Never Succeed If You Don't Believe In Yourself! Take ownership of your DREAMS!
 Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work (Thomas A. Edison)
 What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. Goethe
 A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts. Richard Branson
 Money is like a sixth sense without which you cannot make a complete use of the other five. W. Somerset Maugham
 Faith is believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe. Voltaire
 We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.  Aristotle
 By the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right, he usually has a son who thinks hes wrong. Charles Wadsworth 
  is self expression. If you are expressing someone elses personality, that is not art. Bennie Wallace
 First well be best and then well be first Unk
 Ive always been in the right place and time. Of course, I steered myself there Bob Hope
 A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; and an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. Winston Churchill
 Dreams only come true when the dreamer takes action. Joel Osteen
 Live to learn and you will really learn to live. John C. Maxwell 
 Nurture your mind with great thoughts, for you will never go any higher than you think.
 We are each of us angels with only one wing, & we can fly only by embracing others. Luciano De Crescent
 Your rearview mirror is so small & your windshield is so large because what lies ahead is much more important than the past 
 People don't shoot at people who are down. They shoot at people who are making a difference!
 If winning isnt important why do we spend all that money on score boards. Chuck Coonradt 
 People who never do any more than they get paid for never get paid for any more than they do Albert Hubbard
 Unless you change how you are you will always have what you got. JimRohn 
 You cannot have Power in the Present without having Hope in the Future- Billy Cox
 A team that wont be beat cant be beat- Unk
 Nonviolence requires much more courage than violence. Gandhi   
 The game has changed yet most people look at it as not affecting them.
 Make failure your teacher, not your undertaker. Zig Ziglar 
 Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world. Albert Einstein
 To be a great champion you must believe you are the best. If youre not, pretend you are. Muhammad Ali
 Affirm: "The creator of the universe is lining up things in my favor. Joel Osteen  
 If you want something different You Gotta do something different. Nathaniel Williams Interview
 Leaders are dealers in hope- Napoleon
 Vision gives you the impulse to make the picture your own.Robert Collier
 A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. John C. Maxwell
 Faith will not instantly deliver but it will carry you through.  
 Don't be an EXTRA in the movie called your life. Get  !
 Winning isn't everything , but wanting to win is. Vince Lombardi,,, 
 Every day people need to know if they have won or lost. Chuck Coonradt
 A man may fail many times but he isnt a failure until he begins to blame somebody else. J Burroughs
 You were born with purpose and passion, It's up to you to seek out that purpose and find your passion. Billy Cox
 Winning is great! Winning is fun! It's incredibly hard ... but it is achievable. 
 Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress. Nicholas Murray Butler
 What you stand for is more important than what you stand in. Kenneth Cole
 Success is spelled WORK! Take massive action Today and Get in the GAME (Goals, Attitude, Motivation, Excellence) 
 There is no such thing in anyones life as an unimportant day.Alexander Woollcott
 Desire, that is the one secret of every mans career. Not education, not being born with hidden talentsDesire. Bobby Unser 
 We don't pay the price for success, we pay the price for failure. We enjoy the benefits of success. Zig Ziglar
 Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature.. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.-Helen Keller
 If you are trying to work on todays or tomorrows problems, you are too late. Sam Duncan
 Life's greatest difficulties always happen right before life's greatest breakthroughs.- Billy Cox
 Imagine you were flowing with energy and confidence, free of doubt and fear. Shawn Phillips.
 If you count the things that you do not have in life, you will run out of time. Just focus on the things that you have.
 To succeed in life we must stay with in our strength zone but move out of our comfort zone. John Maxwell
 Its easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the to.- Henry Ward Beecher
 I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.-Abraham Lincoln
 When ye are prepared for a thing, the opportunity to use it presents itself. Edgar Cayce
 Its wonderful what we can do if we are always doing. George Washington 
 Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day. H Jackson Brown Jr
 In preparing for battle I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable. Dwight D. Eisenhower
 Trying to get to somewhere without a goal is like trying to get back from somewhere youve never been- Lou Holtz
 You can't live on yesterdays victories and expect to be a winner today"  
 The longest journey you will make in your life is from your head to your heart. Sioux Legend
 Dont tell God how big your problems are. Tell your problems how big God is.-Nicholas Cannon
 The future belongs to those who give the next generation reason for hope. -Pierre T De Chardin
 There is no security in life, only opportunity. Denis Waitley
 Find out what the most successful do in any area. Do the same thing and over you will get the same results .
 Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of attention. Jim Rohn
 The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.Nelson Mandela
 There is one thing that give radiance to everything. It is the idea of something around the corner. G.K. Chesterton
 Sometimes if you want to see a change for the better, you have to take things into your own hands. Clint Eastwood
 You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by avoiding today. Abraham Lincoln 
 Getting knocked down in life is a given. Getting up and moving forward is a choice. Zig Ziglar
 You know your DREAM IS REAL if you can't u can't go a day without thinking about.
 Good is the enemy of GREAT. Jim Collins  
 A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature. Ralph Waldo Emerson
 Treasure your relationships, not your possessions. Anthony J. DAngelo
 The world belongs to passionate driven people " Jack Welch 
 The choice to have a great attitude is something nobody or no circumstance can take from you. Zig Ziglar
 Describe your product in terms of what it does not in terms of what it is. Bryan Tracy 
 When your heart is in your dream no request is too extreme.- Jiminy Cricket
 The best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas.  Linus Pauling
 You can't have Power in the Present without having Faith in the Future .
 Continuous improvement is better than delayed perfection.
 A customer is the most important member to our premises. Mahatma Ghandi
 Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality. Warren G. Bennis
 Nothing changes until something moves unknown
 If you go to work on your goals, your goals will go to work on you. Jim Rohn
 A Dream is a compelling vision you see in your heart that is too big to accomplish without the help of others. Chris Hodges
 If I dont know your superpower, then I dont know how you can help me (or I can help you). Seth G.
 Read books , listen to audios, attend seminars-they are decades of wisdom reduced to invaluable hours.-Mark V Hansen
 Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. Abraham Lincoln 
 Motivation needs to be a part of your own life for you to be effective in conveying it to other people -Zig Ziglar
 A person starts to live when he can live outside himself. Einstein
 Sometimes its the form, but most of the times its the function that matters. We often make mistakes by doing opposite.
 Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth.  Franklin D. Roosevelt
 To get a competitive edge you simply do the things every day your competition don't or won't.- Billy Cox
 Life isn't about how hard you can hit. It's about how hard u can get hit and get back up.Rocky V
 Take 10 seconds to  MAKEFREE & EASY MONEY. Be Ahead of the Movement, Sign Up and send Out NOW! 
 People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it. - Anonymous
 The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity! Ellen Parr
 Where there is no Vision the people perish.- King Solomon
 Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong. Peter T. Mcintyre
 Motivation gets you started but PASSION keeps you in  (Goals Attitude Motivation Excellence)
 Our beliefs determine our actions and it is our consistent actions that will produce results. Billy Cox
 Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person. Mother Teresa
 The three rules of presentations Levity, Brevity, and Repetition. Let me repeat that....Daniel Pink
 Success isnt an event its a lifestyle.
 Team Synergy comes from the capacity to work with and share with others at a deep level on a continuous basis.  
 Dont be sad that it is over, smile because it happened. Dr. Seuss
 Every achiever I have ever met says,My life turned around when I began to believe in me.Dr. Robert Schuller
 When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you will find a way to get it. Jim Rohn
 To succeed in life we must stay within our strength zone but move out of our comfort zone. John Maxwell
 Think lovingly, speak lovingly, act lovingly, and every need shall be supplied. James Allen.
 Those who lose visualize the penalties of failure. Those who win visualize the rewards of along with people.-Theodore Rosevelt
 Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there. - Will Rogers
 The only thing an adult can give a child is time. Chuck Jones
 You don't need a Motivational talk at halftime when you're way ahead. Lou Holtz
 By altering our attitudes we can alter our life, Zig Ziglar
 I Don't Know the Key to Success... but the KEY to FAILURE is Trying to Please Everybody.-Bill Cosby
 Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. - Thomas Edison
 If you want to conquer fear, dont sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.Dale Carnegie
 Luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often." Brian Tracy 
 Action is the foundational key to all success. Pablo Picasso
 Focus on the journey, not the destination.
 If you hang around un-motivated people you will fight an uphill battle to stay motivated. 
 Be the CHANGE you wish to see in the world. Gandhi  
 To get to the top actually you must first get to the top mentally. 
 Adversity causes some men to break and others to break records. William Arthur Ward  
 If you go in there and think I have no chance today you damn well will not have any Chance. Mario Andretti 
 Doing doesnt come from inspiration inspiration comes from doing Billy Cox 
 To win you gotta relentlessly focus on people, teamwork and results.
 Affirm: I am a highly motivated and successful person. Today I will be so I can do and do so I can have!
 No trumpets sound when the important decisions of a life are made  destiny is made known silently. Agnes De Mille 
 Even a Wise man , lives in a fools paradise -Matrix
 If experience was so important, wed never have had anyone walk on the moon. Doug Rader
 Make failure your teacher, not your undertaker. Zig Ziglar
 Positivity is a choice. Is the glass half empty or half full? YOU get to make the call.
 Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm. Abraham Lincoln
 How many times have you given up on your dream silently worrying about the effort required to pursue it? 
 Light travels faster than sound, which is why some people appear to be bright until they peak. unk
 If you want to achieve things in life, you've just got to do them, and if you're talented and smart, you'll succeed. Juliana Hatfield
 People derive the most satisfaction from doing the best they can. Isadore Sharp
 What lies behind us, and what lies before us, are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. Oliver Wendell Holmes
 You cant reach for a dream and remain safely mediocre at the same time. 
 Our thoughts determine our actions, our moods, our self image, how we present ourselves to others and even the words we speak. 
 The great thing in this world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving. Oliver Wendell Holmes 
 You dont get in life what you want. You get what you are.-Les Brown
 Man is only truly great when he acts from his passions! Benjamin Disreali
 Always remember, if you waste your time you waste your life  Make every moment count! Billy Cox
 If you are not making mistakes then you are not doing anything. I am positive that a doer makes mistakes. John Wooden
 Destiny is not a matter of chance; it is a matter of choice. William Jennings Bryan 
 Who looks outside, dreams who looks inside, awakes Carl Gustav Jung
 Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead that is where your future lies.-Ann Landers
 Labor gives birth to ideas. Jim Rohn
 It is never too late to be what you might have been! George Eliot
 We do not remember days, we remember moments in our life. Unknown
 Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns; I am thankful that thorns have roses
 I never expect to lose. Even when Im the underdog, I still prepare a victory speech. H. Jackson Browne
 The sun is always shining somewhere...Sometimes you just gotta get above the storm clouds to see it. 
 Our mind is like a TV set. If there's something negative on - TURN THE CHANNEL! Start thinking about something great.
 I will persist without exception.Andy Andrews
 It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped Anthony Robbins
 The atmosphere you create will determine the product you produce. Pat Mesiti
 Gain control of your time, and you will gain control of your life.
 The greatest service you can ever do is to teach your Children to make Good Desisions. Mike Wesely
 You don't need a Motivational talk at halftime when you're way ahead. Lou Holtz  
 I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. Confucius
 Dreams only come true when the dreamer takes action. Joel Osteen
 We cannot always build the future for our youth, but we can build our youth for the future. Franklin Delano Roosevelt
 Never forget that YOU ARE A MIRACLE!
 Attitude is made up of the thoughts we think, the emotions we have, and the actions we take.
 To guarantee success, act as if it were impossible to fail. - Dorothea Brande
 Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen. Ralph Waldo Emerson
 If you want different results then you have to take different actions on a consistent basis-Billy Cox
 Life isn't about how hard you can hit. It's about how hard u can get hit and get back up.Rocky V
 Character may almost be called the most effective means of persuasion. Aristotle
 When you blame others you give up your power to change. Take responsibility for your future!
 There are no mistakes or failures, only lessons.- Denis Waitley
 Teams are built or destroyed by words and actions. BC  
 Remember, its always darkest before the dawn.
 Beliefs have the power to create and the power to destroy. Tony Robbins
 To get to the top actually you must first get to the top mentally. Chris Widener
 We become what we think about most of the time. Earl Nightingale
 Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Brian Tracy
 Read books , listen to audios, attend seminars-they are decades of wisdom reduced to invaluable hours.-Mark Victor Hansen
 Some people dream of success while others wake up and work hard at it. Unk
 If you hold on to you faith you will emerge not bitter but better." Joel Osteen  
 Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day, saying, 'I will try again tomorrow.-M A Radmacher
 Believe in your vision for the future even when others dont understand you. Billy Cox 
 When top salespeople make a call they never say "I hope someone buys." Instead they say,"I know someone is going to buy today" 
 Try viewing everyone who comes into your life as a teacher.
 You will invest your life in something or you will throw it away on nothing. Haddon Robinson 
 Its never too late to be what you might have been.-George Eliot
 Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.- Jim Rohn
 Its not what youve got, its what you use that makes a difference. Zig Ziglar
 What you are is God's gift to you, what you make of yourself is your gift to God." 
 Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal. Thomas Jefferson
 As long as a man stands in his own way,everything seems to be in his way. Ralph Wlado Emerson  
 Goals in writing are dreams with deadlines. Bryan Tracy 
 The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
 Mentorship: read about and try to meet people you admire and whom inspire you.
 If I play my best I can win anywhere in the world against anybody. Ray Floyd 
 It's easier to explain price once than to apologize for quality forever. Zig Ziglar  
 LIFE, like all other games, becomes FUN when one realizes that... IT'S JUST A GAME. ~Nerijus Stasiulis
 All coaching is, is taking a player where he cant take himself. Bill McArtney 
 If we don t change, we don t grow. If we don t grow, we aren t really living. Gail Shelly
 Those who say its impossible should not interrupt those doing it. Unknown
 Dream as if youll live forever. Live as if youll die today. James Dean
 A leaders Job Is to look into the future and see things not as they are, but what they can become. UNK
 If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over? John Wooden  
 I am a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. Thomas Jefferson
 Be the Change you wish to see in the world.- Gandhi
 The difference between a dream and wishful thinking is what you do day today.
 Dont judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant. - Robert L Stevenson
 All change begins in your mind.- Billy Cox
 To be a great champion you must believe you are the best. Muhammad Ali
 The most terrible poverty is loneliness, and the feeling of being unloved Mother Teresa
 Winning is really about the DECISIONS you make and the ACTIONS you take as you play the game! 
 Dreams are fulfilled when someone performs with excellence day after day" John Maxwell 
 What God intended for yougoes far beyond anything you can IMAGINE.- Oprah Winfrey
 Passion enables you to motivate people you would not have been able to have motivated !
 How we think about tomorrow will determine how we live today- Billy Cox
 Wake up with a smile and go after life...Live it, enjoy it, taste it, smell it, feel it. Joe Knapp. 
 Character, not circumstances, makes the man. Booker T. Washington
 If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more, and become more, you are a leader. John Quincy Adams
 If you do the same thing successful people do , with the same attitude, beliefs and emotions , you'll get the same results.
 If you go to work on your plan, your plan will go to work on you Jim Rohn
 You gotta think big to be big, Barney Boy! Fred Flintstone
 Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. Albert Einstein
 To succeed jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions. Benjamin Franklin 
 Remember, happiness doesnt depend on who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think. Dale Carnegie
 Only passions, great passions, can elevate the soul to great things. Denis Diderot
 There are no mistakes or failures, only lessons. Denis Waitley
 Personally, Im always ready to learn, although I do not always like being taught. Winston Churchill
 When its cold outside light the fire within.
 He who chooses the beginning of a road also chooses the place it leads to. Harry Emerson Fosdick 
 Vision w/o action is a dream. Action w/o vision is passing time . Action with vision is making a positive difference. J Barker
 Don't just read the easy stuff. You may be entertained by it, but you will never grow from it. Jim Rohn
 Public speaking fear? Every time you speak it will increase your confidence and break the chains that are holding you back.
 Here's how you can keep from Missing out on POSITIVES
 Are You missing out on the positives…here’s why 
 First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win Gandhi
 Your wealth can only grow to the extent that you do.- T. Harv Eker
 You were born an original. Dont die a copy. - John Mason
 Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence.- Helen Keller
 Technology should improve your life, not become your life!
 I dont know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. Bill Cosby
 Know that you ALWAYS have the answers, follow your intuition and your feelings
 Disappointment is the gap that exist between expectation and reality.
 Procrastination is the cornerstone of all poverty. -Larry Zimberg
 There are only two kinds of plans. Plans that won't work and plans that might work." Wesley K Clark
 Cherish your vision and your dreams. Napoleon Hill
 Those things that hurt, instruct. Benjamin Franklin
 Only those who see their dream are able to seize their dream.
 Find a tiny stream in which your strengths can flow and carve it into the Mississippi- Marcus Buckingham
 I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.-Abraham Lincoln
 Your Job as a leader is to take people to a place they can't get to on their own.
 Action is the foundation key to all success.-.Pablo Picasso
 When you're through changing you're through"- Unk
 A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way and shows the way.-John Maxwell
 The miracle is this the more we share, the more we have. Leonard Nimoy
 Before you can become a star you have to start.
 Those who fail to change will experience pain others will gain an edge! 
 When you do what you can, God will do what you cant.
 If you want a place in the sun, youve got to put up with a few blisters Abigail Van Buren
 You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. Michael Jordan
 "I am not a SAINT, unless you think of a saint as a sinner who keeps on trying" ~Nelson Mandela
 If we dont discipline ourselves the world will do it for us. William Feather 
 Despite the challenges you may have faced, especially in todays turbulent times, its time to prepare for a bigger comeback. Billy Cox
 Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. Steve Jobs
 Success isn't an event-it's a lifestyle. John Maxwell
 There are no great limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination & wonder.  Ronald Reagan
 Praise and recognize others for the good they do and tolerate the characteristics that make each of us less than perfect. BC
 If you arent making any mistakes, its a sure sign youre playing it too safe. John Maxwell
 The only difference between those that think they can and those that think they cant, IS what what they think
 The stops are out, caution is to the wind and you are battling with everything you have. That is the real fun of the game. Dan Deardroff
 A leader is a dealer in hope! Napoleon Bonaparte
 The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra. Jimmy Johnson
 Imagination is the soil that brings a dream to life. 
 "I found it easier to get rich than I did to make excuses."- Jim Rohn
 See things as you would have them be instead of as they are. ~ Robert Collier 
 Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat Napoleon Hill
 Change your thoughts you change your world. Norman Vincent Peale
 If you love what you do you will never work another day in your life. Confucius
 A person is limited only by the thoughts that he chooses.- James Allen
 To get a competitive edge you simply do the things every day your competition don't or won't .  
 The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind. Wayne Dyer
 If you have enough push, you don't have to worry about the pull. Zig Ziglar
 To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly. Henri Bergson 
 Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement. C. S. Lewis
 First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. Epictetus
 Nothing happens until I make it happen!!!
 "If you aren't fired with enthusiasm you will be fired with enthusiasm " Vince Lombardi.  
 Opportunity alone will never get us to the top. It's passion that makes the difference
 Your aspirations are your possibilities. Samuel Jackson  
 Once you become predictable, no ones interested anymore.- Chet Atkins
 The most powerful predictable people builders are praise and encouragement- Brian Tracy  
