  tp my friend 
  i think that should be a month. Nothing like TAXING the poor.
  They have shirked their Constitutional duties.
 RT  US Senate has no credibility. Sen Reid has had 815 days to produce a budget- nothing & now he wants to produce a debt pla ...
 RT  BBC News - Apple holding more cash than USA 
  I do not blame Obama solely. I would replace most of DC. You and I could sit down today and agree on policy for the good of US.
  I like you Pat. I will never call names. I was a damn fool when I voted for Jimmy Carter....I have seen the light. Its not OBAMA.
 Obama loves crisis. He takes every opportunity to REMOVE our liberties. His DEBT has crippled our nation.
 RT  Lol RT  If you're going to borrow a Trillion dollars on my credit you could at least buy me an Obama Pony.
 RT  RT  Barack Obama is not a devil, an alien, a socialist. He is a loser. / She's right on 1 out of 4.  ...
 Straight from the Founders -- "But with respect to future debt; would it not be wise and just for that nation to (cont) 
 Just for grins I am going out to buy an 150 year Colt pistol. Why, because I can.
   Hi June! If Paul turns out to be themselves. How TRUE. They are thieves. They have replaced the EVIL tax collector.
 Patriots who can balance their own checkbook     (via 
 Patriots who can balance their own checkbook        (via 
 Patriots who can balance their own checkbook         (via 
 Patriots who can balance their own checkbook          (via 
 Patriots who can balance their own checkbook         (via 
 Patriots who can balance their own checkbook          (via 
 Patriots who can balance their own checkbook        (via 
 Patriots who can balance their own checkbook         (via 
 Patriots who can balance their own checkbook        (via 
 Patriots who can balance their own checkbook         (via 
 Patriots who can balance their own checkbook        (via 
 RT  Obama 2006: “[The need to raise the debt ceiling] is a sign that the US government can't pay its own bills.”
 Markets will react next week to a faux deadline, or a real one. ACT Responsibly Children.
 Risking the Full Faith and Credit of the United States over a political matter is INSANE. Stop the posturing. GOVERN.
 RT  Carney says if nothing gets done in a few days, they may "take other action?" Don't EVEN try that 14th amendment thing. ...
 RT  Big Green blocks an oil pipeline, sacrificing thousands of jobs| Washington Examiner  via 
 The sacirfices of our militiary continues... Civil war Major Sullivan Ballou's Letter to Wife Sarah - 
 A balanced budget amendment for Reid, Obama & DC would be like force feeding a kid to eat peas. The libs want no part of being responsible.
 RT  So  You really want your bill to become the Reid bill?  Wise up!
 Love Dennis Miller. Referring to a food nazi as terminally irksome.
 RT  And Obama? POTUS looks weak, irrelevant, Carter-ized--at least for now. Any day, I expect him to be attacked by a kille ...
 Is it any surprise that Harry Reid can't deliver what he promises. TICK TOCK you idiots.  
 Having Reid, Obama, Geithner, and Bernanke in charge of the Economy is like having John Belushi having keys to the Pharmacy. 
 RT  Pretty soon McDonalds will take any and all fun out of a Happy Meal....
 RT  Obama on Recession: ‘Less Money Coming In,’ So We Had to ‘Spend Even More.’
 You idiots are letting the cat out of the bag. Interest Rates  ++. Japan like recession will follow if not worse.  
   Afraid we are not going to make it until then.
 RT     I'll have you know, The NYT is the favorite floor covering of my smarter than Oba ...
 Note to those WU govern....... it's the WILL of the People. Its not about you. You will be replaced.
 Maybe  should be trending on Twitter. Try to get your money out of a bank.... if these clowns keep it up! 
 Mr President you have been DECLINED on your Credit Card. Now to only line you up in the UNEMPLOYMENT line.
 Playing politics with the nation's credit worthiness is deplorable. I believe O is a "domestic" threat . One that is an impeachable offense.
     ty for the RT's about the world's most "leftist" manifesto the NY Times.
 RT  RT  Why would anyone buy a NY Times Paper?//THEY HAVE A DOG???
 Why would anyone buy a NY Times Paper?
 RT  "Success demands a high level of logistical and organizational competence." - George S. Patton, Jr
 RT  Dem Sen Kerry:Founding Fathers would oppose Balanced Budget Amendment. No. They'd oppose a govt that made people feel  ...
 RT  RT  TLC reality show abt family of Muslim Americans. How'd they get permission 2 bring cameras in2 the White ...
 RT  The administration spent money like there was no tomorrow, guess what: Tomorrow is here!
 When the GOVT puts credit ratings to risk INTEREST RATES increase substantially SLOWING the economy. REALLY in a recession. STOP spending!
 Obama's left wing extremist TAXING schemes could bring down the world's greatest economy! Credit ratings are at risk......... 
 What happened to Obama's stash?
 Wu is a weiner. Only worse.
 RT  Debt limit exists to force Washington to rein in spending, deal with these tough issues. If  won’t, we will.
 Amy Winehouse is someone's daughter, sister, and loved relation. It is sad when someone so young passes. I hope she finds Peace.
 I can solve the debt crisis. Someone trade a Country Club membership to BHO in exchange for a Constitutional Amendment to Balance the Budget
 RT   Cut,Cap,&Balance in TWITTER Form--Clear TRUTH in 140 characters or less. TELL folks it SOLVE ...
 from one Jim to another TYVM . Have a great weekend!  
 TYVM Paula. Have a great weekend!  
 TY and           
 RT   GIVE EM HELL JOHN
          
 Put the three republicans on  the gang o six on your list to REMOVE from office. Dealing with DURBIN......... really. 
 note to the  the players and the owners are greedy! You are going to screw up a $10 billion business. What's next DC?
 RT  Ladies & Gentlemen, we have before us two choices: 1)  or 2)  & one shot to get this right.  ...
   US nobodies have to stick together!
 Patriots for the Republic        (via 
 Patriots for the Republic          (via 
 Patriots for the Republic           (via 
 Patriots for the Republic          (via 
 Patriots for the Republic          (via 
 Patriots for the Republic           (via 
 Patriots for the Republic          (via 
 Patriots for the Republic          (via 
 RT  RT  "To contract new debts is not the way to pay old ones." GEORGE WASHINGTON 1779  
 Here are two patriots you could have a beer with. Thanks for the mentions and RT  
 RT  Business Leaders: Liberal Economic Policies Are Preventing Recovery  
  You just know Holder is in the middle of that mess.
 RT  Deputy Attorney General James Cole Involved in 'Fast & Furious' Whistleblower Cover-up? - ... 
 RT  Americanjobcreators.com MT . US needs jobs, not regs. Time Obama stops condoning things like NLRB overreach htt ...
 RT  Obama's gearing up for the campaign. Aides say he's been playing farmville 6+ hours a day to get a handle on ag policy befor ...
 RT  Paul Ryan on Mark Levin - Republicans presented budget plan w/cuts. Obama made a speech, but Senate Budget Ofc said  ...
 RT  Obama always does a back door deal and executive order. Will he do this 
 What Israel is dealing with. There. Are. No. Words. 
 Like my Jesuit Priest use to say it's right or wrong. There are no shades of gray in Heaven. Pick a side. Stay with our Lord.
 RT  AMERICA BELIEVES MORALITY IS A CHOICE...LIKE COKE or PEPSI...!
 gang of six reminds me of Graham Rudman. Republicans should gain a spine. If not break off and have a Conservative Party. Pitiful.
 RT  AMERICAS BANKER SPEAKS UP! China urges U.S. to boost confidence in debt, dollar
  wow...I was out 3 days last week. Keep up the good work !
  I like Wynn and love his hotels. Alot of good people were duped by BHO.
 Naive business men like Steve Wynn elected Obama.... jeannie wont go back in the bottle....He is the ANTI REAGAN!
 Anyone wonder about  this August 2nd deadline. Check your calendars....Obama's birthday is August 3rd. Have cake and start off the campaign.
  I hope our young president is not that complicit. However it would not surprise me. Nicely done!
 Maybe they should bring back dueling in DC and have a pay per view. Could we wipe out the debt? oooooh and Invite Casey Anthony.
 RT  In 2006, with much less of a debt and spending problem, every Senate Dem (including Obama) voted against raising the deb ...
 Speaking to All of DC. "Man, once surrendering his reason, has no remaining guard against absurdities the most (cont) 
  TURNIP wins 67 percent to 33. lol. Nice tweet CAT!
 RT  I don't care if the GOP nominates a turnip with a face drawn on it. If it's running against Obama I'm voting for it.
 Happy 93rd birthday to President Nelson Mandela.
 RT  STEVE WYNN UNLOADS ON OBAMA... 
 Last week in Twitmo Guantanamo and off for 3 days, now they have lost all my followers. Come on  Get it together.
 RT  funny how the main [lame] street media ignores much of the important news in the world...
 This will be the Week. Defeat O  ty and        .
   I fear you are correct. Shame they cant look to history to see the "light" and return the US to the shining city.
   They are two to draw to. Worst POTUS's of all time!
   Jimmy Carter>Obama. At least Carter loved his country and didnt curtsy to everyone!
 During Soccer Party  loses signal 3 times, then we lose. Starting a new fad...........it's Obama's fault!
 Capitol Hill staffs, and benefits should be cut in half. Wouldnt hurt them to answer the phones either.
 Barak Obama should lead and stop SCARING the seniors with political rhetoric. First benefits to go should be those who caused gridlock.
 Why should the American people continue to pay SS tax if they are not to receive any benefits in return?
 twitter just let me out of Guantanamo. please  all my followers. Too much to do today. Hope all have a great weekend!
   A WH Press conference is like a Movie. There is no freedom of the press. They dont call on adversaries. 
 RT  Sweet: Omaha Spends $130K In Stimulus Money To Buy 8000 “Social Justice” Manuals For Teachers, States Govt “Channels Wea ...
 RT  ALERT: Obama Orders Launched Fast and Furious:  via   
 RT  Obama Doctrine: Don’t Imprison Suspects  
 Trade deals cause US unemployment......Does O have a clue at what he is doing?
 RT  Immelt lectures Business owners to hire people, yet GE has 35,000 less employees this year than in 2009.  Another hypo ...
  Thanks for the RT's.
 RT  So what  is it Mr. President? You stand behind your "stimulus" or you think cutting Federal spending is the thing to do now? ...
 Only follow one on Sundays.  !
 RT  Come join us! RT  Anyone going to  in Las Vegas? Sounds great. Heard about it on Judge Nap's show
 Obama Rules Out Temporary Debt-limit Deal - It does not FIT his LEFTIST Agenda!  
 Senate and House Republicans must remember the George HW Bush cave... and how the Dems DID NOT CUT spending.
 RT  Community Organization at the podium.  Victims, "fairness" & "taxes" - This press conference is astounding in its lac ...
 RT  The fact that this man can talk about Washington acting responsibly after the amount of money he has recklessly spent  ...
 RT  $4 tril in cuts are just to prevent debt to gdp from rising.  Wont decrease total debt or balance our budget.  DC smo ...
 Do not CAVE. Be Viglant. Do not TRUST the leftists! NEWSFLASH: THEY LIE!    
 Anyone going to  in Las Vegas? Sounds great. Heard about it on Judge Nap's show. Leaning  more libertarian these days.....
 RT  Charles Krauthammer: Prez should be red-faced over debt  Cynic-in-chief became compromiser-in-chief
 ty and       
 ty and  
 ty and          
 ty and         
  PiuPiu Reid........ what a joke. A shell of a man who claims to be a hunter and a former boxer. Gimme a pair of gloves!
  he is smelly!
  Nadler is a leftist tool and one of the POTUS strongest allies. THere is a growing chink in his armor. O  .
 RT  Every time Holder says civilian trials for Gitmo people I think of Casey Anthony. 
  agreed...... it is a new low for MSM. God Bless and eternal rest to Betty Ford!
 RT  Documents confirm Obama administration’s ‘catch and release’ immigration policy   via 
 I am sick of Harry Reid..... Pasty, old, tired, sellin snake oil salesman, Harry Reid.
 RT  To the politicians; Shut up and do something! We the people are sick of all talk, no do. Cut Spending! 
     O is vulnerable. Do not cave. Republicans STOP spending money we don't have. 
 Our National Media. Betty Ford's Death seems to take a MSM back seat to the murderer Casey Anthony. 
 Rest in Peace Betty Ford! What a class act!
  WHERE ARE THE JOBS? MR. President?
        O is vulnerable. Do not cave. Republicans STOP spending money we don't have. 
 O is out of magic bullets and 12 months from an election. He is a goner. DO NOT CAVE!
 O is vulnerable. Do not cave. Republicans should be vigilant and STOP spending money we do not have.
 Urging the GOP Lawmakers to stay strong against the Class Warfare tactics of the leftists. Do not cave and expect our Votes.
 Move the Nation's Capital to Texas. They take no orders from the United Nations.
 Early  for Patriots all      
 Early  for Patriots all         (via 
 Early  for Patriots all        (via 
 Early  for Patriots all         (via 
 Early  for Patriots all         
 Early  for Patriots all          (via 
 Early  for Patriots all          (via 
 Early  for Patriots all          (via 
 Early  for Patriots all           (via 
 Early  for Patriots all         (via 
 Early  for Patriots all          (via 
 Early  for Patriots all          (via 
 Early  for Patriots all            (via 
 Early  for Patriots all           (via 
 Early  for Patriots all        (via 
 Rest in Peace to Armen Gilliam, one of UNLV's finest basketball players.... and a class act!
 "There are more instances of the abridgment of the freedom of the people by gradual and silent encroachments of (cont) 
 RT  For I am confident of this very thing, that He who began a good work in you will perfect it until the day of Christ Jesus.
 Our Nation's thanks goes to "John" the hunter of Osama Bin Laden. Working since 9/11 to capture or kill the worlds  terrrorist.
  Their verdict can't be defended. There will be no justice for that poor little girl.
  agreed Kamerin, especially 12 reasonable people.
 The not guilty verdict will propel the MSM to continue this constant media coverage. Tackle our Nation's problems and END the diversions.
 I am convinced that justice will occur to the killers of Caylee Anthony either in this life or the next. OJ now sits in prison.
 I'm reminded of my earlier legal lessons that Not Guilty doesn't mean INNOCENT. State is required to prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.
 CAMPAIGN 2012 Begins today!  The Second American Revolution 
  very nice I enjoy the video! Nice recomendation. Happy 4th 2u JLT!
  Paula, Happy 4th 2u!  I love that! We owe a commitment to future generations! "Let freedom never perish in your hands."
  I hope the country can recover from O. Hope there is a RR out there for the sake of the country.
  You could not have found someone better for America than RR. Carter was a fence sitter like this potus O.
 RT   Plz ask Mr.Biden 2 pay back Maverick helicopters 4 income lost during golf/campaign trip last wk 2 Las Vegas ...
  Saw your twitter name and Carter flipt me as well. First election... vs Ford. I thought Jimmy was a moderate....TG for RR!
 Major thunder boomer in Las Vegas! Can't remember the last time it even rained. Kind of fun. Stay safe and off the roads.
 RT  Let us all be Dolly Madisons and rebuild Washington with Godly men and women who love the republic,love America &resto ...
 RT  RT  Ronald Reagan said, that "if we loose freedom here, there is no place to escape to!" Download this .. ...
 RT   Egypt: Muslims go on rampage after uppity Christian man has the unmitigated gall to defend his wife from assau... ...
 RT   AMERICA'S ANTHEM
 111 today in Vegas. Man its stifling. A great 4th of July Weekend to all.
 Read the Declaration of Independence as part of your 4th of July celebrations. Make it a Ritual! God Bless America!
 Have a great 4th of July! Join me in flying the American Flag all weekend. Remember and support all our Troops!  
  Thanks Steve! "hoax" and "chains". I have followed. Thanks for your service!
 He that lives upon "HOPE"  will die fasting -- Ben Franklin
  Happy 4th Paula!
 Happy 4th of July and thx   &any other personalities you may have.
  Happy 4th to you Vince!
  Happy 4th of July back to you!
  Thanks and Happy 4th to you Pat!
  Thanks and have a great 4th of July.
