 What questions do you have on Customer Service? Brick & mortar or online. Have you thought about your website from customer viewpoint?
 What questions do you have on Customer Service? Can be brick and mortar or online. How may I help you? Got an email Service question?
 What questions do you have on Customer Service? Can be brick and mortar or online. You must have a question :-)  How may I help you?
 RT  100+ Ways to Create Customer Loyalty in Business  Great tips. Lots of wisdom. Check out  - it's mine!
 RT  100+ Ways to Create Customer Loyalty in Business  GREAT tips.  Check out  - it's mine!
 RT  100+ Ways to Create Customer Loyalty in Business  Wonderful tips. Mine is 
 Social Media-know your audience & talk to them. Serious, ask a business question. More fun-loving ask  about movies. Ask, ask ask again.
 Want Social Media interaction? Know your audience & talk to them. Serious, ask a business question. More fun-loving ask  about movies.
 Great Example! What a church and the “evil monkey” have in common and how it affects your business | Sandra Martini: 
 Social Media-know your audience & talk to them. Serious, ask a business question. More fun-loving ask  about movies. Questions get replies.
 Customer being difficult? Close your mouth and open your ears! Respond to *their* issue, whatever it is. May not be what you first 'heard'.
 Customer being difficult? Close your mouth and open your ears! Really hear what they say. What they say-may not be your 1st impression
 21st Century Customer Care: 100 + Websites to Help Speed You Through Your Day. www.ToughestCustomer.com. You're missing a great resource!
 Have you seen this Great New eBook? 21st Century Customer Care: 100 + Websites to Help Speed You Through Your Day. www.ToughestCustomer.com
 Check out this Great New eBook!!! 21st Century Customer Care: 100 + Websites to Help Speed You Through Your Day. www.ToughestCustomer.com
 "Life is a great bundle of little things." Oliver Wendell Holmes. Be grateful for all of them. The good, bad and ugly. It's all my life!
  Very true! Sounds like you are 'on target' with great customer service!
 "Life is a great bundle of little things." Oliver Wendell Holmes. Be grateful for all of them - the 'good' and the 'not-so-good'.
 "Life is a great bundle of little things." Oliver Wendell Holmes. Be grateful for all of them.
 Amazing!! 118 Ways to Use Social Media in Business  Mine is  Social Media is here to stay. Use tips to get started.
 118 Ways to Use Social Media in Business  Mine is  Social Media is here to stay. Use these tips to get started.
 118 Ways to Use Social Media in Business  Great tips. Mine is  Social Media is here to stay. Use tips to get started.
 RT  60+ Tips for Using Facebook in Your Business Mine is   via CarolRoth.com community contributors.
 RT  60+ Tips for Using Facebook in Your Business  it out!!!. Mine is 
 RT  60+ Tips for Using Facebook in Your Business  via CarolRoth.com community contributors. Mine is 
  Thank you. Anything special you do for your customers / clients?
 Stay in touch! Let customers / clients know you value them. Call, email, snail mail, not to sell. Also send surprise thank you's.
 Stay in touch! Let customers / clients know you value them. Call, email, snail mail, not to sell but to build relationship and trust.
 Stay in touch! Let customers / clients know you value them. Call, email, snail mail, not to sell. Surprise thank you's. Builds relationship.
 Great new eBook: 21st Century Customer Care: 100 + Websites to Help Speed You Through Your Day. www.ToughestCustomer.com
 All new eBook: 21st Century Customer Care: 100 + Websites to Help Speed You Through Your Day. www.ToughestCustomer.com. Check it out!
 21st Century Customer Care: 100 + Websites to Help Speed You Through Your Day. www.ToughestCustomer.com. My new eBook - check it out!
 My new eBook: 21st Century Customer Care: 100 + Websites to Help Speed You Through Your Day. www.ToughestCustomer.com. Check it out!!!
 Check out my new  eBook: 21st Century Customer Care: 100 + Websites to Help Speed You Through Your Day. www.ToughestCustomer.com
 21st Century Customer Care: 100 + Websites to Help Speed You Through Your Day. Great new eBook at www.ToughestCustomer.com
 My new eBook: 21st Century Customer Care: 100 + Websites to Help Speed You Through Your Day. Check it out at www.ToughestCustomer.com
 Here is something to contemplate.... "A champion is afraid of losing. Everyone else is afraid of winning." Billie Jean King
 "A champion is afraid of losing. Everyone else is afraid of winning." Billie Jean King  What a statement to contemplate for entrepreneurs.
 "A champion is afraid of losing. Everyone else is afraid of winning." Billie Jean King  WOW! What a statement to consider for entrepreneurs.
 Lots of GREAT suggestions!!!  85 Ways to Battle Business Burn-Out - Check It Out!  My suggestion is 
 Check It Out! 85 Ways to Battle Business Burn-Out   My suggestion is  Lots of GREAT suggestions!!!
 85 Ways to Battle Business Burn-Out - Check It Out!   My suggestion is  Lots of GREAT suggestions!!!
 On Social Media, talk "with" people not "to" them. Printed word has no inflection. Share tips. Answer questions. Don't sell.
 Either email or Social Media, talk "with" people not "to" them. Printed word has no inflection. Can't see a twinkle in your eye.
 Either email or Social Media, talk "with" people not "to" them. Printed word has no inflection. Reread to hear how it sounds to reader.
 I will be on Q & A w/Sandy Moss, talking about-what else-Customer Service & Retention. Today 3:30 PM. KQNA 1130 AM / 99.9 FM listen online.
 Today  3:30 PM. KQNA 1130 AM / 99.9 FM listen online.I will be on Q & A w/Sandy Moss, talking about -what else-Customer Service & Retention
 I will be on Q & A w/Sandy Moss, Today  3:30 PM. KQNA 1130 AM / 99.9 FM listen online. I'll be talking about Customer Service & Retention
 It's not what you say but how you say it. Tone of voice is critical. Just because you've answered question 1000 times - customer's 1st time.
 It's not what you say but how you say it. Just because you've answered question 1000 times - 1st time for customer. Smile. Make reply light.
 Feminine Power Telecourse for Awakening Women:  via  Looks really interesting and it's free!
 It's not what you say but how you say it. Watch voice inflection. Just because you've answered question 1000 times - 1st time for customer.
  Thanks for asking for people who Tweet on Customer Service. Heidi.  
 "It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believed in myself." Muhammad Ali-Face challenges w/belief in self
 "It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believed in myself." Muhammad Ali - Faith in self moves mountains.
 "It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believed in myself." Muhammad Ali. May we all believe in ourselves
 How To Improve Your Blog. 110 very useful tips.  via    Check out  - that one's mine :-)
 110 very useful tips. Check out  - that one's mine :-) - How To Improve Your Blog  via 
 How To Improve Your Blog  via   110 very useful tips. Check out  - that one's mine :-)
 When participating in discussion on Social Media stay on topic. Do Not hijack discussion for your own soap box or sales pitch. Contribute.
 When in a discussion on Social Media, stay on topic. Do Not hijack the discussion for your own soap box or sales pitch. Participate.
 Great C. Roth Blog The Internet is Toxic, Email is Evil & Other Things I Learned on Sabbatical « Unsolicited Business.. 
 When discussing something on Social Media, stay on topic. Do Not hijack the discussion for your own soap box or sales pitch. Contribute.
 Happy Birthday USA! Take a moment today to honor all those - past and present - who have fought and sacrificed so that we may 'play' today.
 Take a moment today to honor all those - past and present - who have fought and sacrificed so that we may 'play' today. Happy Birthday USA!
 Please take a moment today to honor all those - past and present - who have fought and sacrificed so that we may 'play' today.
 Just back from Phoenix - 122 degrees!!!!! I'm melting........... :-) Don't know how the folks down there do it!!! Better them than me!!!
 "Rising tide lifts all boats." Organizational success is a collective achievement...Michael Abrashoff. Success is a collective project.
 "Rising tide lifts all boats." Organizational success is a collective achievement...Michael Abrashoff. Help them believe in themselves.
 "Rising tide lifts all boats." Organizational success is a collective achievement...Michael Abrashoff. Make people feel valued part of team.
 Today is my birthday! Going to Sedona with sister from TX. Play day! Definitely celebrating me, life, friends & especially family.
 Today is my birthday! Celebrating me, life, friends & family. We are each unique and special. We deserve a day just for us.
 Today is my birthday! Celebrating me, life, friends & family. We each deserve a special day. Going to Sedona with sister from TX. Play day!
 We do not live in a bubble. Need to engage with people. Don't just talk TO them-ask their opinion - and then listen to what they say :-)
 We do not live in a bubble. Need to engage with people. Don't just talk TO them-ask their opinion. Reach out. Their opinion is valued.
 We do not live in a bubble. Need to engage with people. Don't just talk TO them-ask their opinion-complete surveys or comment on your blog.
 Turn problems into opportunities for creative solutions. Let employee - who is talking to the customer - find the best solution.
 Turn problems into opportunities for creative solutions. Employees who care are also smart. Give them room to run to care for customers.
 Turn problems into opportunities for creative solutions. Give employees enough leeway to solve the problem "now" within preset guidelines.
 This week's blog is about email and being sure that what we write is what we think we're writing... 
 Check out my blog it's about email and being sure that what we write is what we think we're writing... 
 Have fun with social media. Find where "your" clients hang out and engage them. Have fun with them. Be authentic. Offer good tips and tools.
 Find where "your" clients hang out and engage them. Be real. Be authentic. Offer good tips and tools. Have fun with them!
 Have fun with social media. Find where "your" clients hang out and engage them. Be real. Be authentic. Offer good tips and tools. Have fun!
 Need Some Marketing Inspiration? Download  New eBook: 101 Marketing Quotes:  
 It starts at the top. Good Customer Service starts with Management that cares about their employees. As Above So Below-a spiritual concept.
 It starts at the top. Good Customer Service starts with Management that cares about their employees. Happy employees represent company well!
 It starts at the top. Good Customer Service starts with Management that cares about their employees. Then employees care for the customers.
 Was in the Prescott Valley Days Parade w/ Chamber Ambassadors. LOTS of fun tossing candy to kids of all ages :-) Next year - doggie treats!
 "You have to think anyway, so why not think big?" Donald Trump. We really can limit ourselves thinking 'small'. He sure did think big!
 "You have to think anyway, so why not think big?" Donald Trump. What a roll model for this. We really can limit ourselves thinking 'small'.
 "You have to think anyway, so why not think big?" Donald Trump. He sure did think big. We really can limit ourselves thinking 'small'.
 Keep email clean - remove RE & FW from subject line. Limit redundant signatures, one is more than enough especially if it is long / large.
 Remove RE & FW from subject line - Keep email clean. Remove redundant signatures, one is more than enough especially if it is long / large.
 Keep email clean. Remove RE & FW from subject line. Remove redundant signatures, one is more than enough especially if it is long / large.
 Little things Keep 'em Coming Back. Small gifts-Something extra placed in their bag at checkout-a free session with you. Says Thank You!!!
 Little things Keep 'em Coming Back. Small gifts-Something extra placed in their bag at checkout-a free session with you. Show gratitude!
 Little things Keep 'em Coming Back. Small gifts-Something extra placed in their bag at checkout-a free session with you. Show appreciation!
 RT  Have Difficult Customers?  Here's 100+ ways to deal with them. Mine tip is  Check them all out!  
 RT  Have Difficult Customers?  Here's 100+ ways to deal with them  Mine is tip 
 105 Best Ways to Deal With Difficult People - Carol Roth Blog. Mine tip is  Check it out, lots of good ideas! 
 Probability of selling to new customer is 1 in 16. Probability of selling to current customer is 1 in 2. Treat customers like Kings & Queens
 Probability of selling to new customer is 1 in 16. Probability of selling to current customer is 1 in 2. Don't overlook current clients!!!
 Probability of selling to new customer is 1 in 16. Probability of selling to current customer is 1 in 2. Take care of current customers!
 Check out my blog. New content every Wednesday!  Looking forward to hearing your thoughts on Customer Service & Retention.
 Check out my blog. New content every Wednesday! Love to hear your ideas-Customer Service & Retention and other topics. 
 Check out my blog. New content every Wednesday! Share your thoughts on Customer Service and Retention and other topics. 
   Have an eBook - 21st Century Customer Care:100 + Websites to Help Speed You Through Your Day Get it at: 
 If you have a Blog and promote it - you need to post new content on a regular basis. Not writing, take blog down & promote website instead.
 If you have a Blog and promote it - you need to post new content on a regular basis. Looks bad if last blog is months old. Stay current!
 If you have a Blog and promote it - you need to post new content on a regular basis. No good if last blog is "months" old! Suggest weekly.
 Always, ALWAYS tell your customers & clients the Truth. "Little White Lies" are still lies. Do you like having the facts mis-represented???
 Always, ALWAYS tell your customers & clients the Truth. Lying or "fudging" in business is a killer! If You don't know, ask. Never "wing it"!
 Always, ALWAYS tell your customers & clients the Truth. Lying or "fudging" in business is a killer! Best is to under promise & over deliver!
 "Rule  we don't take care of the customer, Somebody Else Will!" From a poster. Customer has to be  priority of any business.
 "Rule  we don't take care of the customer, Somebody Else Will!" From a poster. That says it all. Put the customer 1st & you will win!
 What are people searching on? May not be what you think. Make sure they can find what they need on your website. Think like a newbie to biz.
 What are people searching on? May not be what you think. Think like customer who doesn't know what you know. Doesn't know lingo or acronyms.
 What are people searching on? May not be what you think. We who know "everything" about our product/service need to think like newbie.
 "Liberty is always unfinished business." This title of a 1956 report from the American Civil Liberties Union says it all. Remember!
 "Liberty is always unfinished business." Title of a 1956 report from the American Civil Liberties Union. Lest we forgot: Memorial Day 2011.
 "Liberty is always unfinished business." Title of a 1956 report from the American Civil Liberties Union. In remembrance on Memorial Day.
 How Social Media Can Improve Entrepreneurship. Check out the latest TPE blog. My contribution is    
 "Rule  we don't take care of the customer, Somebody Else Will!" From a poster. Do that or hire me LOL You're choice!!! :-)
 Check out the latest TPE blog on How Social Media Can Improve Entrepreneurship. My words of wisdom are    
 Check out the latest TPE blog on How Social Media Can Improve Entrepreneurship. My contribution is    
 61% Americans say customer service is more important today, consequently will spend 9% more when get excellent service-AMEX Global 8/2010
 61% Americans say customer service is more important today, therefore will spend 9% more when receive excellent service-AMEX Global 8/2010
 61% Americans say customer service is more important today - and will spend 9% more when they receive excellent service - AMEX Global 8/2010
 Great blog post yesterday on the extremely high cost of laziness in business ($48,000 for every biz!.) Check it out at 
 Correction! Great blog post yesterday on the very high cost of laziness in business. Check it out at 
 Great blog post yesterday on the very high cost of laziness in business. Check it out at www.blog.toughestcustomer.com
 Does your website "contact us" form allow for customer to contact you without jumping through hoops answering questions? Think customer 1st!
 Does your website have drop-down menus in "contact us" forms? Do they include all options from customer perspective? Think customer 1st!
 Does your website "contact us" form ask for required information that is irrelevant to the customer and/or the inquiry? Think customer 1st!
 Have you considered the lifetime value of your customers? If you haven't, you should. Check out blog by John Aberle 
 Do you know the lifetime value of your customers? If you don't, you should. Check out informative blog by John Aberle 
 Do you know the lifetime value of your customers? Check out this great blog by John Aberle that goes into it in detail. 
   Thanks for RT!
 "Your best customers leave quite an impression. Do the same, and they won't leave at all." SAP ad. Not rocket science, just common sense!
 "Your best customers leave quite an impression. Do the same, and they won't leave at all." SAP ad. Treat others as we want to be treated.
 "Your best customers leave quite an impression. Do the same, and they won't leave at all." SAP ad. So simple yet some make it so difficult..
 My blog is live. Please stop by and share your thoughts:  We all have something inside worth sharing.
 My blog is live. Please stop by and share your thoughts:  I'm interested in your thoughts and experiences.
 My blog is live. Please stop by and share your thoughts:  You (and your opinion) are valuable to me!
 I've said it before & I'll say it again (and again)-respond to emails. Emails do get lost in cyber space-don't play guessing game w/clients.
 I've said it before & I'll say it again (and again)-respond to emails. Emails do get lost in cyber space, especially with an attachment.
 I've said it before & I'll say it again (and again)-respond to emails. A quick "thank you" or "I got it" shows respect & confirms delivery.
 My eBook is all new!! New listings. Better organization. Updated information. Even a new title :-) Get it. www.ToughestCustomer.com
 Check out my revised eBook!! New listings. Better organization. Updated information. Even a new title :-) Get it. www.ToughestCustomer.com
 My eBook is revised! New listings. Better organization. Updated information. Even a new title :-)  Check it out at www.ToughestCustomer.com
 We've all heard LISTEN to the customer. Listening means putting the customer first - before everything else on my plate for today...
 We've all heard LISTEN to the customer. **Really** listening allows us to give the customer "their" solution, not cookie-cutter solution.
 We've all heard LISTEN to the customer. When we **really** listen we can then offer the "just right" solution for "that" customer.
 I've said it before & I'll say it again (and again)-respond to emails. Common courtesy, shows respect to sender, plain good business!
 Smaller lists have advantage over bigger lists -- it's easier to convert to paying clients.             Sandy shares how.
 "Maximizing Conversions" sounds tough.  shares simple systems 2 do   Sandy is clear and detailed!
 Conversions = revenue. Retention = profit.  is teaching how to do both   Sandy is an awesome coach!
 "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." Eleanor Roosevelt. Keep the faith! Don't give up. Success is yours.
 "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." Eleanor Roosevelt. Hold to your dream. Take 1 step daily towards it
 "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." Eleanor Roosevelt. A favorite quote of mine. Dare to Dream!
 Check it out!!! List building is 1/2 the challenge. Learn how 2 ethically convert to clients w/  
 Can customers easily find what they are looking for on your website? When we know product "so well" we can miss the obvious for a newcomer.
 Does your website provide information Your Customer is looking for? Can they find info easily? Maybe check. "Great" sites can fall short.
 Is your website welcoming? Friendly? Does it provide information Your Customer is looking for? Maybe check. "Great" sites can fall short.
 Consumers have rights. If customer service rep doesn't offer an acceptable solution it's OK to ask 4 next person up the ladder. Keep asking.
 As customers we have rights. If customer service rep doesn't offer an acceptable solution start climbing ladder until you get satisfaction.
 As customers we have rights. If customer service rep doesn't offer a satisfactory solution it is OK to ask for next person up the ladder.
 Maximizing Conversions w/ Luv her info! 
 "It a good idea not to major in minor things" Anthony Robbins  Spend your time on what you can impact - otherwise you're spinning wheels.
 "It a good idea not to major in minor things" Anthony Robbins  Great wisdom! Don't be one who can't see the forest for the trees :-)
 "It a good idea not to major in minor things" Anthony Robbins  Great wisdom! Focus on what's important. Don't sweat the small stuff :-)
 TPE blog "Ways To Embrace Your Community And Audience"  Mine is  Wisdom from people across the business spectrum.
 TPE blog "Ways To Embrace Your Community And Audience"  Mine is  Check it out. Great information!!!
 Social media is a great customer service tool. Never hide if you are working for a company. Never ever slam your competitors "nonymously ".
 Social media is a great customer service tool. Full disclosure is critical. It makes what you say more valuable. Tell who you represent.
 Social media is a great customer service tool. But full disclosure is critical. If you work for a company, say so. Full disclosure :-)
 Best Practices for Serving Deep Niches - TPE Blog. Check it out    Lots of great info! Mine is  90 total ideas!
 Best Practices for Serving Deep Niches - TPE Blog. Check it out   Mine is  Lots of great info! Take a minute to read.
 Trust is a 2-way street. Show trust to your customers and they will trust you. As you sow, so shall you reap. It's really very simple.
 Trust is a 2-way street. Show trust to your customers and they will trust you in return. What goes around comes around.
 Trust is a 2-way street. Show trust to your customers and they will trust you. Also treat them with honor and respect. It will come back.
 "The most important single ingredient in the formula of success-knowing how to get along with people." Roosevelt-Do it & put me out of work!
 "The most important single ingredient in the formula of success-knowing how to get along with people." Roosevelt-If we did I'd have no job!
 "The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people." Theodore Roosevelt
 My Blog Is Live! Check it out!  New business post every Wed at Noon EST. Also talk about Veggie Gardening.
 My Blog Is Live! Have you seen it?  New business post every Wed at Noon EST. Also talking about Gardening.
 My Blog Is Live! Have you seen it?  New business post every Wed at Noon EST. Other stuff as it comes up :)
 Be friendly in emails, but not too friendly. Follow lead of correspondent. Never make-up (nickname) or shorten a name without permission.
 Be friendly in emails, but not too friendly. Follow lead of correspondent. If they are formal you be formal. If they are casual you can be.
 Be friendly in emails, but not too friendly. Follow lead of correspondent. If they sign with first name or nickname it is  OK to use it.
 My Blog Is Live! New business post every Wed at Noon EST    Other stuff as it comes up :)
 My Blog Is Live! Please join me at   I make a business post Weds at Noon EST. Other stuff as it comes up :)
 My Blog Is Live! Please join me at   New business post every Wed at Noon EST. Other stuff as it comes up :)
 Expectations can be deadly. When we are wedded to what we think should happen or what we want to happen we don’t see what is happening.
 When we are wedded to what we think should happen or what we want to happen we don’t see what is happening. Recognize your expectations.
 When we are wedded to what we think should happen or what we want to happen we don’t see what is happening. Be on guard of expectations.
 30 days of free training sent via email by Sandy Martini. I'm halfway thru the program-every day is a gem. Check it out! 
 30 days of free training sent via email. I'm halfway thru the program and every day has been a gem. Check it out!   
 "These tips are exactly what I need to get on track. I can't believe you're giving it away!" Sandy has outdone herself! 
 "One person can make a difference and every person should try." John F Kennedy  Yoda says "Do or do not, there is no try". Hmmmmm :-)
 "One person can make a difference and every person should try." John F Kennedy  This is the core of business and of life! Make a difference!
 ... this is exactly what I needed! Practical, doable AND covering all aspects of my business! I agree 100%  All Free!!! 
 "One person can make a difference and every person should try." John F Kennedy  Now, if we all would do that, I'd be out of a job :-)
 Be friendly in emails, but not too friendly. Follow lead of correspondent. Never make-up (nickname) or shorten a name without permission.
 Be friendly in emails, but not too friendly. Follow lead of correspondent. They sign "Patrick", do not reply "Dear Pat" use Patrick!
 Be friendly in emails, but not too friendly. Follow lead of correspondent. If they sign with first name or nickname it is  OK to use it.
 RT  55 Ways to Use LinkedIn to Grow Your Business   Last but not least - check out comment  that's me!
 RT  55 Ways to Use LinkedIn to Grow Your Business   My comment is  so start at the end and work up :-)
 RT   Ways to Use LinkedIn to Grow Your Business  Check it out! Mine is 55 - last but not least :-)
 Kudos to Yavapai Coupon Deals  for responding immediately to customer requests. Central Arizona Wins!!! Way to go!!
 Kudos to www.YavapaiCouponDeals.com for their prompt response to customer requests to extend the expiration on a coupon. Way to go!
 Kudos to Yavapai Coupon Deals  for responding immediate to customer requests. That's the way it is done! Extended coupon.
 Check out a GREAT, FREE 30 day program by Sandy Martini-email marketing, productivity, social media, time mgmnt & more.  
 Check	out	the	Win+Win	Revolution    via 
 Sandy Martini is offering FREE, GREAT 30 day program on email marketing, productivity, social media, time mgmnt & more.  
 "A number 2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere." J. Meyers. Sky's the limit. Don't listen to the nay-sayers. Keep the faith with self.
 "A number 2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere." J. Meyers. The power of our dreams is dynamic and self-fulfilling. Believe and act!!!
 "A number 2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere." J. Meyers. The power of our dreams is unlimited. Dare to dream - and dream big!!!
 Sandy Martini is offering GREAT, FREE 30 day program! Get the benefit of her knowledge and wisdom!! Check it out at 
 Sandy Martini is offering GREAT, FREE 30 day program - email marketing, productivity, social media, time mgmnt & more.  
 Email is a form of communication. Start with "Hello" or "How you doing?" Business is relationships. Don't be abrupt in email communication.
 Email is a form of communication. Start with "Hello" or "How you doing?" The best business is good relationships. Don't ignore in email!
 Email is a form of communication. Start with "Hello" or "How you doing?" Then go into business. Think what you would say in their office.
 "Half of life is showing up"...Be there for your customers & clients. Being available when your competition isn't is sure way to win new biz
 "Half of life is showing up"...Be there for your customers & clients. In our fast paced world, people are looking for answers "now".
 "Half of life is showing up"...Be there for your customers & clients. Don't make them jump through hoops to talk to you-or live human being.
 "Give people more than they expect and do it cheerfully". Anthony Robbins Or one I have followed a long time-under promise and over deliver!
 Under promise and over deliver! Love this anonymous quote. Or from Anthony Robbins-Give people more than they expect and do it cheerfully.
 "Give people more than they expect and do it cheerfully". Anthony Robbins... Or the one I like - under promise and over deliver!
 Yavapai Humane Society www.votetosavelives.org Only voting for 9 more days!!! Help us win $100,000!!!
 To all of my animal loving friends...  AND Yavapai Humane Society www.votetosavelives.org  9 days left!!!
 On websites and in emails, do not assume the reader knows your industry or company acronyms or lingo. Best to define terms first time used.
 On websites and emails don't assume reader knows your industry or company acronyms. Same goes for abbreviations used in texting.
 On websites and in emails, do not assume the reader knows your industry or company acronyms. Define them the first time used.
 Remember - your customer doesn't know as much about your product as you do. Share the passion as well as your knowledge about your product.
 Remember - your customer doesn't know as much about your product as you do. Don't assume your customer is a mind reader. Give them details.
 Remember - your customer doesn't know as much about your product as you do. Explain the details to them. Answer the unasked questions!
 What Qualities to Hire On - from The Toilet Paper Entrepreneur:  Check out over 100 great tips! Mine is 
 Check it out - What Qualities to Hire On - from The Toilet Paper Entrepreneur:   Mine is  Over 100 great tips!
 "Make your product easier to buy than your competition, or you will find your customers buying from them, not you." Mark Cuban Never Forget!
 "Make your product easier to buy than your competition, or you will find your customers buying from them, not you." Mark Cuban. Basic truth!
 "Make your product easier to buy than your competition, or you will find your customers buying from them, not you." Mark Cuban. For real!
 Wow! 136 tips for working a Trade Show. Mine is    Compiled by the author of The Toilet Paper Entrepreneur.
 Check out 136 tips for working a Trade Show. Mine is    Compiled by Mike Michalowicz, The Toilet Paper Entrepreneur
 Jeffrey Gitomer: The Sales World is Changing-Are you?  Internet is your new marketplace. Are you in it? Can you be found?
 Jeffrey Gitomer: The Sales World is Changing-Are you?  Mobile phone is now your main communication device. Instant access!
 Jeffrey Gitomer: The Sales World is Changing. Are you?  "Customers expect INSTANT" access-either phone or online-Be There!
 Words that express what Customer Service is all about: Listening; Respect; Commitment; Reliability; Integrity; Compassion - Your thoughts?
 Words that express what Customer Service is all about: Attitude; Focus; Listening; Reliability; Compassion...What single word comes to you?
 Words that express what Customer Service is all about: Listen; Integrity; Honor; Respect; Commitment; Reliability; Trust; Compassion
 Many thanks to Brad at Watter's Garden Center for doing a landscape plan for us. Wow! When it's all done, we'll have a showcase oasis!
 Happy Saturday! Happy Spring! We'll be preparing the yard and doing some planting today. Have 4 grapevines, 3 shrubs and pansies to plant!
 "I must not rust." Clara Barton. So important in business. Don't let yourself, or your team, become complacent. Keep the wheels turning!!
 "I must not rust." Clara Barton. In business or in life always look to the new and untried. Stay "well oiled", you will grow in all things!
 Many ways to use electronic media for Customer Care. Be judicious with email. Don't inundate people. What you send be of value & readable.
 Many ways use electronic media for Customer Care. Client preference database-no matter what you sell-clothes, wine, widgets-DB is great tool
 Many ways to use electronic media for Customer Care. Client preference database; online surveys; eLetters; birthday cards; referral tracking
 Best way to be sure you're giving the great customer service you think you are is to ask. Talk to clients. Find out what's important to them
 Best way to be sure you're giving the great customer service is to ask. Never be afraid of the truth. If you listen, it can turn biz around.
 Best way to be sure you are giving the great customer service you think you are - ask your customers. Focus groups, comment cards, surveys.
  Send me some more pendeflex files LOL  Used my last ones. Need a trip to office supply store. Favorite color is yellow :-)
 "A great pleasure in life in life is doing what people say you cannot do." Walter Gagebot. Follow your heart!  Follow your bliss!!!
 "A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do." Walter Gagebot. The rebel in me says "YES!!"  :-)
 "A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do." Walter Gagebot. Love this thought!!!
 Spring Cleaning my office. Can't get any work done until I sweep my space clean and fresh. Throwing LOTS away! Feels Fantastic!!!
 Spring Cleaning my office. Started yesterday. Can't get any work done until I sweep my space clean and fresh. Throwing LOTS away!
 Email is so 'every day' we forget...Be careful how you speak, tone can be misconstrued!
 Email is so 'every day' we forget...The person we are corresponding with may have a different sense of humor than we do.
 Email is so 'every day' we forget...Remember to give all the info, like area code on a phone number or time zone when setting appointment.
 This is an informative blog by Sandy Martini:  If you do article marketing on the web - this is a must read.
 This is an informative blog by Sandy Martini:  It is for everyone who posts articles on the web.
 One of the secrets to success is to treat each customer / client as if they are your ONLY customer / client. We're each very important!
 One of the secrets for success is to treat each customer / client as if they are your ONLY customer / client.  "I" am the most important.
 A secret for success. Treat each customer / client as if they are your ONLY client. Never be to busy for Sue because you're talking to John.
 "A good plan vigorously executed right now is far better than a perfect plan executed next week." General George Patton. Live each day!
 "A good plan vigorously executed right now is far better than a perfect plan executed next week." General George Patton. Life is Now!
 "A good plan vigorously executed right now is far better than a perfect plan executed next week." General George Patton. Don't wait. Go 4 it
 60+ Ways to use Twitter to Leverage & Grow Your Business  Carol Roth is a great resource. Mine is  Check them all out!
 60+ Ways to use Twitter to Leverage & Grow Your Business   Great suggestions. Mine is  Check them all out!
 Just because you know what an acronym means the person reading your email, blog, website or brochure may not. Define each 1 first time used.
 Check this out. We're never too old to stop living or dreaming!  Don't let the calendar age you! Only as old as you think.
 Check this out. We're never too old to stop living or dreaming!  It's also a reminder of the value of friends long term.
 "Customer Service is not a department, it's everyone's job." Anonymous. From the 'lowest' to the 'highest' EVERYONE works in Customer Care!
 "Customer Service is not a department, it's everyone's job." Anonymous. Ignore this fact at your peril. "It's Your Ship" by D. M. Abrashoff
 "Customer Service is not a department, it's everyone's job." Anonymous. Everyone-directly or indirectly-impacts customer care. Don't ignore.
 Bowl-a-thon for Big Brothers Big Sisters was a BLAST! Due to shoulder surgery bowled left-handed. Scored 60 & 73 - way better than expected!
 Ebony continues to do well. We're doing our best to keep her quiet. Not easy with a 1.5 year old puppy who is all full of vim and vigor!!!
 Life is never dull in our house. Ebony came in with an inch long under her right eye.. She exhibits no sign of being "under the weather" :-)
 "Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echos are truly endless." Mother Teresa  Great advice for life - business or personal.
 "Imagination is more important than knowledge."  Albert Einstein  Let your imagination sore. No telling where it will take you!
 "Imagination is more important than knowledge."  Albert Einstein  Love this!  Give your imagination wings!
 Today is Kyle's and my 31st wedding anniversary. Wow! He is my best friend (and I'm his). Overlook the little things. Cherish each other.
 Today is Kyle's and my 31st wedding anniversary. Wow! He is my best friend (and I'm his). Sharing the joy and love with you!
 Today is Kyle's and my 31st wedding anniversary. Wow! He is my best friend (and I'm his). Guess that is the secret to our success.
 "Good enough never is." Debbi Fields. I love her cookies and her wisdom. Yoda says "Do or do not - there is no try!" More great wisdom!!!
 "Good enough never is." Debbi Fields. I love her cookies and her wisdom. There is always one more 'thing' we can do or learn. Always look up
 1 week to Big Brothers Big Sister bowl-a-thon. This is year 8 that I have participated. Make a pledge at  AZ tax deduction
 1 week to Big Brothers Big Sister bowl-a-thon. This is year 8 that I have participated. Make a pledge at  AZ tax deduction
 1 week to Big Brothers Big Sister bowl-a-thon. This is year 8 that I have participated. Make a pledge at  AZ tax deduction
 Email needs to give recipient enough information to act on without being "the great American novel". Are instructions detailed and clear?
 Email needs to give recipient enough information to act on without being "the great American novel". Can recipient easily understand request
 Email needs to give recipient enough information to act on without being "the great American novel". Can you understand what you just wrote?
 RT  137 Tips to Make a Great First Impression in Business via CarolRoth.com contributors  Mine is 
 "Every contact we have w/ customer influences whether or not they'll come back. We have to be great every time or we'll lose them" K.Stirtz
 RT  We compiled the top 10 shocking attacks from the GOP's war on women. Check it out, and share widely: 
 It's Snowing! Snuggled in with wood stove going. Made blueberry pancakes for brunch. BIG pot of Taco Soup for dinner. What could be better?
 "it's easier for people to see it your way if you first see it their way." Jack Kaine. "I" am most important person. "Hear" me. "See" me.
 "it's easier for people to see it your way if you first see it their way." Jack Kaine. Love it! Great model for life-personal and business!
 "it's easier for people to see it your way if you first see it their way." Jack Kaine. Great mantra for life - not just for business :-)
 Tarheel Towing in the Arizona Quad Cities is GREAT! If you need road side assistance, they are the ones to call. (They're with AAA & others)
 There are sooo many social channels for connecting w/ customers we MUST have a Social presence. B2C is vital. B2B is growing.
 There are soo many social channels for connecting w/ customers we MUST have a Social presence. Find your niche. Stay active. Don't try "all"
 There are sooo many social channels for connecting w/ customers we MUST have a Social presence. Pick 2 or 3 channels fit your biz. Be active
 Make every day Valentine's Day for your customers & clients. Run biz heart centered. Answer in way you would like to hear if issue reversed.
 Make every day Valentine's Day for your customers & clients. Run biz heart centered. May need to step back & breath :-) Open heart 4 reply.
 Make every day Valentine's Day for your customers and clients. Run biz heart centered. Do onto others as you would have them do unto you.
 Tips for Social Media Strategies group blog. Check it out. Mine is  
 This is an amazing story! Rediscovering WWII's female 'computers'. aAmust see for all interested in technology history! 
 "In communities where men build ships for their own sons to fish or fight from, quality is never a problem." J. Deville For the future!
 "In communities where men build ships for their own sons to fish or fight from, quality is never a problem." J. Deville Do it all for kids!
 "In communities where men build ships for their own sons to fish or fight from, quality is never a problem." J. Deville
 RT  55 Ways to Know that It's Time to Throw in The Towel in Business   Mine is 
 See magical pony & his human companion and healer.   His name is Sweatheart. Has heart, celtic harp & angle wing markings.
 Email subject line - OK to be the whole message if it's short. Do include (EOM) (End of Message) so recipient not left wondering. Courtesy.
 Email subject line - OK to be the whole message if it's short. Do include (EOM) (End of Message) so recipient not left wondering.
 70% of complaining customers will continue to do business with you IF you resolve the problem promptly and fairly. Simplest is right!!
 70% of complaining customers will continue to do business with you IF you resolve the problem promptly and fairly. It's a 'no brainer'  :-)
 70% of complaining customers will continue to do business with you IF you resolve the problem promptly and fairly. Do it right the 1st time!
  Better late than never. I am healing fast - thanks for the good wishes!
 Help me support Big Brothers Big Sisters. This is year 8 that I have participated in the bowl-a-thon. Make a pledge at  
 "You make a living by what you get. You make a life by what you give." Winston Churchill. Make the most of your life!
 "You make a living by what you get. You make a life by what you give." Winston Churchill. My wish for us all is to make a life!
 "You make a living by what you get. You make a life by what you give." Winston Churchill
 Email is a great tool. It also is a permanent record. Be sure of WHAT you say and HOW you say it before hitting Send!!!
 Email is a great tool. It also is a permanent record, complete with time stamps. Be alert to the permanence even off-handed comment can be.
 Email is a great tool. It also is a permanent record, complete with time stamps. Some people take this lightly. Don't make that mistake.
 The difference between TRY and TRIUMPH is a little "umph"!!!!!  (Author unknown)
 "Know what your customers want most and what your company does best. Focus on where those two meet." Kevin Stirtz. Don't try to do it all.
 "Know what your customers want most and what your company does best. Focus on where those two meet." Kevin Stirtz. Grab your niche. Be best!
 "Know what your customers want most and what your company does best. Focus on where those two meet." Kevin Stirtz
 Shoulder healing well. Doc says I'm "ahead of the curve". However, an MRI on Kyle's 'other' shoulder shows another torn rotator cuff...
 "If what I'm about to do appeared on the front page of the Washington Post tomorrow, would I be proud or embarrassed? Captain Abrashoff
 Happy Thursday! Day 3 of burning tumbleweed. We have a bumper crop this year. Shoulder is doing well - better and stronger each day.
 Create Social Media guidelines for employees. Got social media team? Remain helpful, positive and courteous. Be prepared for crisis mgmnt.
 Create Social Media guidelines for employees. What can employees say about work on personal profiles? Professional profiles?
 Create Social Media guidelines for employees. Great tool, but need to set boundaries. Have a company strategy. Build online community.
 "It helps a ton when you learn people's names and don't butcher them when trying to pronounce them." Jerry Yang Forgot name, remember face!
 "It helps a ton when you learn people's names and don't butcher them when trying to pronounce them." Jerry Yang, NEVER call me honey!
 "It helps a ton when you learn people's names and don't butcher them when trying to pronounce them." Jerry Yang It is VERY OK to ask how!
 Biscuits and gravy for breakfast. Fueled up. Now to "harvest" and then burn tumbleweed. They are taking over all the land in these parts!
 "As long as you're going to think anyway, think big!" Donald Trump ... Absolutely! Positively!!! No other way too think!!!
 "As long as you're going to think anyway, think big!" Donald Trump I love this! Right on!!! Go get 'em!!!
 "As long as you're going to think anyway, think big!" Donald Trump ... Absolutely! Positively!!!
 Shoulder update - doing well. Typing two handed :-) Doing 'home' exercises. Range of motion growing every day. Thanks for all the prayers!
 Encourage employees to use Social Media in support of the company. Be personable. Put a 'face' to the company. Be real.
 Encourage employees to use Social Media in support of the company. Ignore social media at your peril. Your customers are tweeting!
 Encourage employees to use Social Media in support of the company. Answer questions. Respond to complaints. Great Customer Service!
 Spokeo.com new online USA phone book w/too much personal information: FB pics, credit score, credit cards. Can remove self. Protect yourself
 "If you do build a great experience, customers tell each other about that. Word of mouth is very powerful." CEO Amazon.com I love Amazon.com
 "If you do build a great experience, customers tell each other about that. Word of mouth is very powerful." Jeff Bezos  So is opposite!
 "If you do build a great experience, customers tell each other about that. Word of mouth is very powerful." Jeff Bezos, CEO Amazon.com
 Recovery going very well torn rotator cuff. Doc happy. Tear was larger than MRI showed. Doing exercises at home. Thanks for healing energy
 "The road to success has many tempting parking places." Steve Potter Don't be tempted by them! A rest is OK, so long as only a pause.
 "The road to success has many tempting parking places." Steve Potter Don't be tempted by them!
 Shoulder doing great. Stronger every day. Keeping up on work with Dragon. Very cool program. See Doc tomorrow. Thanks positive energy-helped
 Smartphone etiquette:Parents want or need to stay available to kids. OK. Put phone on vibrate. Keep in pocket or purse during ANY event.
  thank you for the good wishes. Recovery coming along well.
 Smartphone etiquette:Parents want or need to stay available to kids. OK. Put phone on vibrate. Keep in pocket or purse during meetings.
 Smartphone etiquette:Parents want or need to stay available to kids. OK. Put phone on vibrate. Keep in pocket or purse during social events.
 "If you work just for money you'll never make it, but if you love what you're doing & put the customer 1st success will be yours." Ray Krock
 "Success requires three bones - wishbone, backbone and funny bone." Kobi Yamada Backbone - standing up to nay-sayers. Critically vital!!!
 Surgery a success. Had almost 1 inch bone spur that caused the tear… Pain meds are my friends :-) Thank you for all prayers, Reiki & love!!!
 "Success requires three bones - wishbone, backbone and funny bone." Wishbone - dreams - also incredibly important!
 "Success requires three bones - wishbone, backbone and funny bone." Kobi Yamada  Sometimes I think funny bone is most important :-)
 Having surgery today to repair torn rotator cuff. Thanks for the positive thoughts and prayers.
 Smartphone etiquette:Unless your job REALLY, and I do mean REALLY demands access to you 24/7,leave it in pocket or purse during any event
 Smartphone etiquette:Unless your job REALLY, and I do mean REALLY demands access to you 24/7,leave it in pocket or purse during meetings
 Smartphone etiquette:Unless your job REALLY, and I do mean REALLY demands access to you 24/7,leave it in pocket or purse during social event
 Make a New Year's Resolution to think like your customer. Think "new" to your industry and vocabulary. Industry lingo can be a 'killer'!
 Make a New Year's Resolution to think like your customer. Think "new" to your industry, product(s) and vocabulary. Will client understand?
 Make a New Year's Resolution to think like your customer. What do they see / hear / experience when connecting with your business?
  Worked in an office of 8 with 2 Linda's. Know the feeling first hand! And that doesn't include other Linda's in my address book.
 May 2011 be a magical and mystical year for you with great joy, abundance and reasons for celebration!
 Wishing you a joyous, happy, abundant and magical 2011!!!
 Happy New Year to you and your family. May 2011see all your hopes and dreams fulfilled!!! And may it also be a year of health and abundance.
 Let it snow. Let it snow. Let it snow! We have 3 - 4 inches. Bitterly cold with wind chill. But wonderful & glorious! Beautiful in the sun!
 How many Mikes or Sues do you know? Slow down and double check who is receiving your email - and what content lays below in thread.
 How many Mikes or Sues do you know? Email program autofill is a great tool, but can also cause us to send to the wrong person. Always check!
 How many Mikes or Sues do you know? Be careful when sending emails that you select the "right" Mike or Sue from your list. Speed can 'kill'.
 "Customer satisfaction is worthless. Customer loyalty is priceless." Jeffrey Gitomer. What are you willing to do for your customers loyalty?
 "Customer satisfaction is worthless. Customer loyalty is priceless." Jeffrey Gitomer. Loyalty is priceless and worth investing in!
 "Customer satisfaction is worthless. Customer loyalty is priceless." Jeffrey Gitomer. Don't slam me :) Yes we want satisfied clients-but...
 Ho Ho Ho! Wishing everyone a Happy Holiday. Enjoy time with friends and family this weekend. Let your child come out :-)
 Ho Ho Ho! Wishing everyone a Happy Holiday. Enjoy time with friends and family this weekend. Make it special for all around you.
 RT  95 New Year's Resolutions for you to choose from for your business.  Mine is 
 RT  95 New Year's Resolutions for you to choose from for your business.   Mine is 
 Email subject lines - stay to topic. When topic changes, change subject line. Common courtesy to the recipient, plus makes filing simpler.
 Email subject lines - stay to topic. When topic changes, change subject line. Besides the legal aspect - it can be plain confusing...
 Email subject lines - stay to topic. When topic changes, change The subject line. This can have legal ramifications, especially in business.
