 RT  This interview about the DHS killing its report on US threat of domestic extremist terrorism is timelier than ever: http: ...
 RT  Oslo shooter is frightening reminder of radical right terrorist threat 
 Anders Breivik: Immigrants more of a threat to Europe than--say--guys shooting hollow-point bullets at children 
 RT  Great visualization on the spread of the free press in America, 1690-2011 
 Banning mosques okay under 1st Amendment? Hard-of-thinking candidate Herman Cain explains why! 
  But it is important to constantly clarify that and I appreciate your clarifying it.
  Yes, that was precisely my point.
 Islamists were responsible for just 1 out of 294 attempted terrorist attacks in Europe in 2009  via 
 Will Muslim TV pundits now debate which flaws in Christianity led to Anders Breivik's calculated utopian bloodthirst?
  Thanks, I agree very much! No profiling. Was trying to ridicule it.
 RT  Eager for this day to be over. Tragic day for all. Today we are all Norwegians.     ...
 To all blonde fans of antiterror profiling who said they'd gladly be singled out "if people who looked like me were terrorists": Your turn.
 RT  Ethnic Norwegian. 32 years old. Approximately 190 cm tall, slim, blond. Observed in Oslo, arrested  
 Live from hell: Amateur video of stomach-wrenching calm after Oslo blast  via 
 RT  How big is a billion? Great graphic showing a billion bucks to be surprisingly small: .
 RT  This was considered one of the safest places in the world. It will never be the same again. Norway is a small natio ...
 U.S. fear of Muslims now reaches vocabulary:  Other words to ban: 'algebra', 'chess', 'coffee' 
 RT  Congrats to one of the most brilliant (and nicest) people I know,  who has just been named DC buro chief. http ...
  Deportations mostly economic migrants, naturalizations mostly family migrants. Poor economic policy, among other problems.
  The word for scholars with the mettle to R&R is... tenured.
 RT  More  images  via  
  Certainly in no one's interest, except perhaps the narrow interests of a few populist politicians. Sorry to hear it.
 RT   E.g., last month from Baltimore, active cmty member, dad, store ownr, 13 yrs here, burned out rear license plate  ...
  Thanks for consistently being a source of valuable information.
 Obama says he deports "worst of the worst" criminals. Last year: 13,028 deportees had minor traffic tickets. 
  Very sorry you have to endure it.
 RT  FLASH: Oslo explosion blows out most windows of govt building housing prime minister's office, injures several people
 RT  I was just 10 meters from a huge bomb that went off in Oslo. Huge terrorist attack. The PMs office is blown up.
 RT  massive explosion in Oslo city centre. Can only see paper falling down and dust. Wtf happened?
  One story: 
 RT  The Economist on Alabama's anti-immigrant law. 
 Interactive maps of U.S. wellbeing, economics, politics:  -- tweeting at 
 The CIA's Mogadishu branch office  via 
 RT  Cleric slams abuse of women in  
 How Ceauşescu ruled: In 1980s, 1 in 30 Romanians was a patriotic 'Securitate' informer  via 
 RT  Why economics needs history - vid by   (RT)
  That's great to hear. Be happy and safe there....
 Nobel economist Robert Fogel: How long can life expectancy get, & how much must it cost?  via 
  Sounds like a (terrible) personal experience--sorry you had to go through malaria anywhere.
 (Cost of living in the relevant part of Istanbul is similar.)
 Root canal at 1st class dentist in Istanbul: US$250. In New York: US$1,250. Migration barriers + "insurance" = giant distortions.
 The final space shuttle flight ends 20 minutes from now --- live video of the landing at www.nasa.gov
 RT  Experimental Archaeologists Test Past by Making It Real. 
 Welcome  one of the great economists of our age (and maybe later ages), to Twitter.
 RT  In the future, everyone will be anonymous for 15 minutes.
 RT  38 countries left to go. RT  Uganda announces elimination of Maternal & Neonatal Tetanus  via ...
 RT  Q.  Do my tax $ pay the salary for Congressman  who "would do anything short of shooting" immigran ...
 RT    for trade policy;  and  for immigration debate;  for truth about aid;   ...
 RT  UK Border Agency tells foreign writers to naff off 
 RT  Uganda announces elimination of Maternal & Neonatal Tetanus  via 
  ...because every human being should forever remain in the exact spot they emerged from the womb. Obviously. :P
 RT  Calling America: Phone Zones as Alternate States 
 Road traffic injuries kill more schoolkids than AIDS, TB and malaria in poor countries  via 
 Congressman  "would do anything short of shooting" immigrants--or dehumanizing people for votes. 
 RT  RT  How the U.S. can REALLY help after a natural disaster:  on  as part of U.S. humanit... http ...
 RT  An Interview with  and  Part 4 by  for  
 RT  How to create a captivating presentation.  
 7 math ideas that seemed pointless when discovered but became useful years later  via  
 Should African governments 'pick winners' in private sector? Nkosana Moyo of   cc 
   Apparently no investor found for true high-speed bullet train in U.S. either.
   Google+ is built to directly compete with Twitter ("follow" option in Circles)
 RT  Will Large-Scale Illegal Immigration from Mexico Come to an End? 
  Thanks! I've been concerned that our nation's anti-fried-chicken laws have fed the cycle of violence in the War on Fried Chicken.
 RT  You don't need an invite for your stuff to be shared on Murdoch+.
 RT  Africa has fastest growing economies in world  It's a place of opportunity, says Andrew Mitchell 
  Know anyone who can hook me up with some fried chicken?
 "Visa delays imperil Iraqis who helped U.S." 
 RT   Yeah, we should be under no illusion that a woefully under-dev. state with 80%+ illiteracy will be a democracy, let  ...
 Further reason to believe very disturbing story: "Vaccination Ruse Used in Pursuit of Bin Laden"  via 
  Thanks. Yes radically different. Just expressing pessimism on S.S. and wondering if authoritarian past makes new democracy harder.
  Good point, I'm not sure if voting fraction was larger in apartheid South Africa or 1777 America...
   Yes. My poorly informed pessimism. Please let me know if there are informed reasons for more optimism.
   I was opaque, but that's my point: historic rarity of such an event suggests could be very difficult.
  Thanks. That's my (poorly stated) point: it's historically rare for democracy to spring forth within a chunk of authoritarian state
  Good question! I don't mean that S.Sudan is one; I'm expressing concern that transition might be harder if 'mother' not democratic.
  Good examples. Secession part of 'mother' countries' transition to democracy in both--it'd be nice if that happened in N. Sudan
   Ha! Tweets on Baltics crossed in cyberspace.
    Thanks for thoughtful replies. A colleague also suggests Lativa/Lithuania/Estonia (assumes Gorbachev autocrat)
 RT  When Greek Ionic states of Asia Minor revolted in 5th Century BC RT  When is the last time a functioning democracy s ...
 RT   hmm, do countries like East Timor or Namibia count?
 RT   Also,  Depending on how much credence you give to half-recognized unilateral declarations of independence.
  Thanks. Didn't mean it's a functioning democracy; indeed I'm expressing doubt that it can work.
  A fascinating story. But Guardian report sounds speculative, can't tell if it's firmly established.
 When is the last time a functioning democracy seceded from an authoritarian state, post 1776?  
 RT  Hillary Clinton says Assad "not indispensable", has lost legitimacy 
 RT  We don't need "good news" out of Africa. We need an incessant stream of complex reportage.
 RT  Are you convinced yet that News International is a criminal organization? You're not? Read please: 
  God bedring
 The Billion Prices Project: Gathering inflation data across the globe, updated daily  Tweeting at 
 RT   allows public online access to govt data 
  Blind referees have zero accountability for giving poor suggestions, and the quality of many suggestions reflects this...
 Why is the Burger King in Mecca gender-segregated, while the Kabba shrine isn't? Mustafa Akyol in  
  Take what's useful from the feedback, ignore the rest (most of it), and keep submitting. 6 yrs not even my longest...
 "How Are the Mighty Fallen: Rejected Classic Articles by Leading Economists" <PDF>  via 
 An academic journal just accepted an article of mine whose initial rating, 6 years ago, was "revise/reject" [sic]. Don't give up.
 US suspends aid to Pakistan's military in response to expulsion of Western trainers.  via 
 RT  Will Switzerland Ban Power-Point? 
 In 2008, 43,000 women arrested in Khartoum for dressing in "un-Islamic" style. --Lubna al Hussein  via 
 The last undeciphered script of a major ancient civilization: Rajesh Rao on the Indus language 
 RT  I would like to express my gratitude to anyone who has ever shushed someone in the quiet car.  
 Consistent in research lit RT  Immigrant Moms Typically Have Lower Infant Mortality Rates Than U.S.-born Mothers 
 RT  Super-rational  Balance expected present value of contribution to US GDP (including progeny) vs dislocati ...
 RT  Rational  fill labor shortages, free people to climb skills ladder, bring in contributors of ideas & capi ...
 RT  Suggtn 4 esp relevant. More programs should be based on RD. MT   J Aker on when randomiztn isn't feasible htt ...
 If you have the chance to attend, these are superb: Upcoming  debate on the War on Terror 
 Namibia, latest winner of the petroleum lottery   cc 
 RT  Rigor for the Rest of Us: Jenny Aker on what to do when randomization isn't feasible: 
 Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala resigns as managing director of World Bank, to become finance minister of Nigeria  via 
  Dunno. But the BLS is the authoritative source on this, full stop.
 Huge protest in Hajjar al-Aswad, Syria: “Leave, Bashar, there is no dialogue.”  via 
  Bureau of Labor Statistics. I don't want to minimize the challenges many people face, but media overblows them (as always).
  Next to the challenges Kasha Jacqueline nobly faces in Uganda, all my challenges look tiny. Thanks for the inspiration.
   Untrue. BLS says "involuntary part time workers" are 8.5m, which is down from 6/2010 
 Economic prospects for the Republic of South Sudan, by   via 
 RT  The art of bribery in China 
  Stirring video by Gbowee, thanks.
 Liberian peace leader Leymah Gbowee tells her story at  :  via 
 RT  Fall in illegal migration as Mexican life gets better 
 RT  The unemployment rate for workers with a college degree remains just 4.4% BLS.
 RT  Unemployment rate for workers w/o a high-school degree has increased from 13% to 14.3% between June 2010 and June 2011
  Well said. Two good proposals, on economic criteria, are  and 
 RT  I want the 1st-best solution: an economically rational  policy at all income/skill levels.
  Thanks Alex, and enjoy hiking in gorgeous Frontenac!
  A good question. Membership not a right. What interests me about story is the unquestionable need for flexibility in membership.
 I grew up with the space shuttle. Watch its last launch here at 11:26am US Eastern time: 
 A language map of the web  via 
    That's a big point in favor of civil disobedience, less popular if it requires criminality.
    My $0.02: Entering country without permission is civil, not criminal, offense.
  Goal of a lifetime. Thanks.
 How harmful can a law be, asks  before it shouldn't be obeyed? Test your view against his.  via 
 RT    I would support Nigeria rather than SA for the Africa seat. Africa desperately needs a more stable & respon ...
  Somehow, institutions set in stone when my dad was a toddler don't quite cut it for 21st century challenges. Time to be flexible.
 Brazen, self-assured deception in science: Why independent checking of research results is not optional 
 Permanent seats on Security Council for India, Germany, Japan, and Brazil? It may be coming.  via 
  Don't dis the Kentucky Kayaking Kollective.
 Welcome the brilliant and provocative  to Twitter. 
 RT  Will the Gates Foundation now start telling more failure stories? 
 How futures contracts could help the World Food Programme feed the hungry [podcast] 
  That's funny, I just got an invitation to  new "vaib saaaeet"
 RT  South Sudan Independence July 9:  
  Ha! I'll try not to screw it up this time. Looking forward to seeing you all.
  Thanks for the invitation! Yes I'll come, for the early portion.
  Law of gravity: unreasonable to believe apples fall up. Law of Twitter: unreasonable to believe all tweeted links endorsed.
  Good point, if you're linking to the KKK. But the supposition shouldn't always be that all tweeters agree with all links.
  So your personal preference is for everyone to be held responsible for agreeing with every word in every shared link? Ridiculous.
 General Law of Twitter: Tweeting a link to something does not mean you worship every word the link says. That should go without saying.
  Note the arrogance, too, of someone from afar telling you what you "need". I'm sure he thinks he knows what Ugandans "need" too.
  Mbeki and Tshabala-Msimang used this fallacy to argue against scientists who pointed out that HIV causes AIDS.
  Don't listen to anyone who tells you that you don't understand anything about Africa because you aren't in Africa.
  I won't tell you what you "need" because I know nothing about you. Likewise, you know nothing about me.
  Enough condescending please. My tweeting of something means I find it interesting, not that I agree 100% with it.
 "The Chinese see Africans the way many [Africans] would like to see themselves"--partners, not charity cases. 
  I'm blown away by the statement "breaking the law is breaking the law" in reference to an INFANT. Collective insanity.
 New from  : "Exceptional People: How Migration Shaped Our World and Will Define Our Future" 
   I am sorry that you feel opportunities should be allocated by birthright, not merit. I disagree.
   I don't think any reasonable jurist could lump such a person together with all other "law-breakers".
   "Breaking the law is breaking the law"?? He was a 1 year old child, committing a civil (not criminal!) offense.
 US implements a long-delayed provision of NAFTA: access to Mexican truckers  via 
 Power of development. MT  Hong Kong, unaffected by 1-child policy, only part of China w 1 child/woman! 
 RT  In China, corruption and unrest threaten autocratic rule 
    He meant few people believe him. Promoting fear of "invasion" is politically useful to many.
 "No one wants to hear it", but net unauthorized immigration "has gone to zero" --Doug Massey of  
  You mean Uganda, not Ghana.
  Curious what yours was.
  I tossed a question into the ocean of others; thanks for the nudge.
 Why are Dominicans eligible for H-2A temporary work visas to the U.S. while Haitians are not? 
  Lots of fun = 1) you don't get served 'cause they think it's counterfeit and 2) they think you're a trafficker in drugs/people
  I just put everything on the Blamex. Gentlemen like myself don't sully their ivory palms with currency.
 RT  The US printed more $100 bills than $1 bills last year for the first time, to meet foreign demand. 
 RT  Immigration to Britain: Blaming foreigners for being employable 
 Ever heard of Kevin Harpham? Yet another domestic terrorist no one's heard of because he isn't Muslim. 
 "Mutharika Wrecks Malawi", by   Check out other profiles too. (via 
  Thanks. True that it's a tough sell! People would rather spend more money on less effective forms of relief...
 La migration comme outil de récupération après une catastrophe (étude de cas en Haïti) 
 Migration as a tool for disaster recovery  Now includes French-language version.
 Scotland Yard's surveillance photos of suffragettes, 1912-1913: Keep a close eye on these menaces!  via 
  In this case the vice is a helpful one. That book contains a long list of things that I screwed up, but others need not.
  At least Dulles has free wireless now. (They got it several years after the Kigali airport did...)
  Ungated version here 
 In School, Not Learning: the gap between enrollment and learning in Africa, by  
 Is country or ethnicity more important to economic outcomes? New paper on Africa 
 RT  Mobile Developer from  Creates an Anti-Graft  App  via 
 RT  "Why More Migration Makes Sense" by Ian Goldin and Geoffrey Cameron,  
 RT   & Ben Leo explain how the WFP might begin hedging against hunger: Listen here: 
 Localized development efforts in Millennium Village (this time: Dertu, Kenya) overwhelmed by circumstances: 
 Apparently  is planning a 10-year follow-up conference on the Commission on Macroeconomics and Health, this December.
 RT  Tea Party Nation Condemns "Non-European" Immigration, Cites White "Extinction." 
 "Global race on to match U.S. drone capabilities"  via 
 Of the 11 chiefs ever had by the "International" Monetary Fund, 5 have been French. Why? 
  Sam that's great that you're going for an advanced degree. I highly recommend this book: 
 Interesting website for sharing flashes of insight on technical subjects 
  I remember several waves of these journalistic fad pronouncements that degrees are worthless, since I was a kid. Enough already.
  Point of article is the skilled unemployment happens again & again in recessions, but degrees remain valuable with time.
 Why the Media is Always Wrong about the Value of a College Degree 
 Good reading if you've noticed facts do little to change minds: "Why do people reason?" via  
 Remittances reach their highest levels since late 2008  
 RT  Ten years ago today, the piece that got me fired by the World Bank. Didn't expect it; No regrets 
 Mladic, who hid in Belgrade for several years, complains of too little time to consult w/ his Belgrade lawyer 
 Visualization: The Connected States of America  via 
 Test your views against opposing sides in  debate on immigration: full video 
 RT  NYU Economist Paul Romer sets up NGO to promote the creation of charter cities 
 The Arab Awakening as seen from the UAE  via 
  People who understand difference between democracy and populist autocracy have been right all along.
 Chávez's onetime friend, Noam Chomsky, blasts him for "assault on democracy" 
  That's either a summary of your weekend or a movie review. Can't tell.
  You could un-whitefy it by showing up dressed "horse country funkalicious"
 For July 4th weekend: A beautiful site about the passage of time.  via 
 "The World Bank is Opening its Treasure Chest of Data" 
  Of course the ones who've had opportunity want citizenship. But it's clear that full citizenship = far fewer opportunities.
  Thanks. The problem is that *potential* migrants would disagree with actual migrants about this.
 RT  A Week of Headlines in the Mexican War on Drugs -  - Puts your first world problems into perspective
 RT  Working Papers are NOT Working.  by Berk Özler
 The movement to unseat Teodoro Obiang--dictator of Equatorial Guinea for 32 years, Chair of the African Union 
 RT  Science in Africa - the view from the frontline 
 Rights are a decision: Saudi Arabia continues to arrest women for driving 
 Free language-learning on the web, from the creators of Captcha :   via 
 Families in Chad devastated by loss of remittances from Libya  (HT Jenny Aker)
 RT  Ugh: "If he comes to Europe for PhD he won't return. Africa will lose an excellent high-school teacher" 
  Hopefully that will make the tear-down job easier for les manifestants.
  I stumbled across it unawares while driving in Dakar. My jaw hit the ground when I realized the guys on scaffolds were North Korean.
 Watch  introduce brilliant young people, one by one, rendered "illegal" by current US law 
  Thanks for the great Durbin video.
 Opening remarks of  at 1st senate hearing on path to citizenship for immigrant students 
 Statue is shameful. RT  Senegal protests, in part, wanted to topple "African Renaissance" statue... 
 RT    speaking of not just Arab, not just Spring, Malaysia will be having  protests for fair, democratic ...
 RT  Today,  II; Senegalese military disperses protesters; Belarus arrests, beats over 100 protesters. Not just Arab, not  ...
 RT  Great visualizations of health in US at county level  via 
 RT  Sri Lanka includes Chinese currency in banking deals  via 
 RT  Bad News for Cynics and Optimists: An Extended Interview with Abhijit Banerjee and Esther Duflo 
 RT  Do food prices cause political unrest? I answer this important question in a new research paper 
 RT  US politicians need to act urgently on  reform and the  or we risk losing a huge national advant ...
  Yes turtles have eyelids, 3 in fact, including the "nictitating membrane". See: 
 The legislative origins of the immigration detention system in America  via 
 RT  Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi 'must end political activity,' Burma's military govt says 
 RT  Study suggests that lack of aid has made Somaliland govt more accountable to its citizens: 
 RT  Is Peer Review in Decline? (blog post): 
 RT  Hmm. This seems to be the sole report of another airstrike in Somalia, this time a couple hundred km inland from Kismay ...
  Good points, thanks.
 2005 video of Angelina Jolie visiting Millennium Village with Jeffrey Sachs 
  Good point. Amazing.
 Colossal and sad. "Global Fund may suspend Nigeria over $474.6 million fraud"  via 
 RT  "I have been hijacked ... I have nothing in common with this revolution against globalisation." Tobin on the 'Tobin Tax' ...
 RT  Weaning countries off  
 RT  Republican Georgia mayor becomes unlikely advocate for immigrants. 
 A call for "confident humility" by   Aid can relieve suffering but "cannot and will not fix anything"
   Thanks. Yes there's a long list of things I've never had to learn about because of where I happened to be born.
  Please do--I want to read that and surely many others do. I had never heard of rinderpest before today.
 Rinderpest is the second disease ever to be globally eradicated. Congratulations, us! 
 RT  The African  Project is seeking your input. Fill out short survey >>  
 FAO formally declares the global eradication of rinderpest  What's rinderpest?  via 
 RT  The results are in: I am honored & delighted that the Board has entrusted me with the position of MD of the IMF !
 RT  ATLANTA (AP) - Federal judge grants request to block parts of Georgia immigration law from taking effect
 Stone-age institutions + space-age technology: Iran will send monkey into space 
 Immigration to 14 European countries 1996-2007 changed occupations, not level of employment, of natives 
 RT  Iran parliament summons Ahmadinejad for questioning 
 Tunisia's Ben Ali will be tried in absentia--Saudi King is harboring him and won't extradite  <in French>
  Thanks, that link is really helpful.
 First non-English TED talk: On violence in Mexico by Emiliano Salinas  via 
  I haven't seen it yet and Randy doesn't have a public draft, but I think he will by the end of the summer...
 The Economic Effects of Constitutions: If you're in DC, seminar at  tomorrow. RSVP here 
 What the "dollar a day" poverty line means, from  
 RT  Watch the 2011 Lindau Nobel Laureate lectures online starting June 27 - July 1,  
   Not much of a shocker given who's involved. :)
  (Wish I weren't following you yet, so I could be your 1000th!)
  Yes it'll be interesting to see. The founders are really sharp folks so if anyone can make it work, they can.
  Good point. But M-PESA penetration is so vast now, at least some large fraction of people won't need training.
   Second Kiva targeting criteria opaque b/c different for each partner. GD targeting criteria precise/transparent.
   First there is no pretense of donors choosing recipients, no beauty contest at all. Donors choose nothing.
   Kinda. But different from Kiva in at least two ways I've been able to figure out.
 RT  How to archive your tweets permanently  via 
  Sorry, you're right. That said, people who don't use phones unlikely to successfully navigate M-PESA via disembodied SIM.
   True! Interesting feature of GiveDirectly: donors choose nothing about recipient. GD picks recipients.
 Research geeks: Stata version 12 ships July 25th. Finally: contour plots! via 
  Thanks, great and I hadn't seen it. True that literally 100% of project-specific donation is received by project?
 RT   Check out www.sparkmicrogrants.org. Similar direct giving model but for public sector projects. Would love your thou ...
 True. Highly targeted, but recipient must have phone. RT  probably not for the poorest of the poor 
 Good question RT  But would "loan directly" (i.e. not Kiva) or "invest directly" be even better? 
 New startup  passes donated cash directly to poor, no intermediary. Also has superb team of founders.
  Not co-opting him. Honoring his solution to the problem of how to motivate people for short-term change when reward long-term.
 RT  Reports of cheering & celebratory gunfire in  after news of US House vote broke. 
 RT  Reports of cheering & celebratory gunfire in  after news of US House vote broke.  
  Good question. Pritchett asks it in his book. One problem: Women & blacks who 'make it' support entry; some immigrants don't.
 RT  Now that gay marriage is legal in NY, the Yankees and Red Sox can finally stop pretending and own up to their true feelings.
 Old New Yorker cartoon -- Woman packing to leave her baffled husband: "OUR marriage is fine. But the institution is hopelessly degraded."
  As a great man said: "How long? Not long."
 RT  One day we'll see legal discrimination by *place* of birth as evil as discrim. by other features of birth --gender, o ...
 RT  Just listened to  explaining why asylum rules should cover people fleeing natural as well as man-made disasters.  ...
  Thanks. Don't want to take your time but if it occurs to you that'd be great. Fascinating "experiment" going on there.
  Thanks very much. Are there any links on that you could easily share?
  Thanks very much Astrid.
 Who will work Georgia's fields after immigrants forced out? Unclear that even ex-convicts are willing  via 
  Also, for the FF shout, many thanks from my small brain and cold heart.
  Wow, I hadn't heard that aspect of this story. If you have a link on that that you could easily send, I'd be grateful.
   Over email or in person if/when you visit DC?
   I'm interested in what you're up to and hope I could make some useful suggestions.
   Thanks so much, I'm honored that you thought of me. I was only in NY for spring semester though (at NYU).
  (This is all unrelated to your point except in that it's another example of hypocrisy in migration politics.)
  And helping US blacks is certainly not why 99% of nativists got into the anti-immigration game, which makes it more pathetic.
  If one's strategy to help US blacks is to force much poorer Guatemalans to stay *even poorer*... intellectual bankruptcy.
  Another favorite of mine is the white nativists who claim to fret about the effects of immigration on low-income blacks.
  Great point. The hypocrisy in the immigration debate is often mind-blowing, and the faux-pro-worker crowd is a great example.
  Thanks. Terrific migration FF list by the way. Do you work on the subject?
 RT   for  news:      
 The Most Effective, Least Used Tool for Disaster Relief: Limited Humanitarian Entry 
 RT  "US  security: Huge costs with mixed results"  <-- Great article, quotes  ...
  Each of them involves different & important questions of migrant workers' rights, and each deserves separate attention.
  I just want to make sure that the two issues are treated separately: 1) migration at all, and 2) conditions while here.
  We might say it's better to have no migration at all than migration under these conditions, but most migrants would disagree.
  One thing I would stress is that there is a place where wages & conditions are much worse: For most, it's where they came from.
  I admire your stand for workers' rights in Georgia.
 RT  Croatia gets green light to join EU 
  Good point. There is substantial serendipity through RTs etc., but still limited by my original purview in choosing follows.
 RT   I'd also recommend Easterlin's "Growth Triumphant." I was especially impressed by his demographic analysis and po ...
 Reading list for a grounding in economic history, from  
  Well put. My favorite thing about Twitter is that it's where I hear about exactly those "other" stories.
  I'm so happy that brave young people took to the streets to show what they thought of it.
  Thanks. The very notion of passing on a country to one's kid--as if it were an owned plaything--is breathtakingly offensive.
 85 yr-old Pres. Wade in Senegal tried to change constitution to let son succeed. Protests stopped him.  via 
 RT  Growth Helps Autocrats, Then Undoes Them 
 RT  Life in the Year 2050 – what Americans think will happen in 40 years, in an infographic 
 RT  Will Journalist  face deportation after revealing his immigration status? 
 New in  : "Sources of Lifetime Inequality" (...within USA. Globally, country of birth dominates.) 
 How to know when it's time to leave. RT  Incredible image of four plus miles of protesters in Sanaa, Yemen 
  Great! He is a hyper-brilliant guy, extremely impressive intellect.
 Top-drawer links           
 The ideal reforms vs. the institutionally possible reforms:  looks at the Philippines <PDF>  
 ...after 931,792 deportations under Obama. RT  Weekly Initial Unemployment Claims Increase to 429,000 
  Thanks Ryan, much appreciated.
  Thanks very much, though I'm certainly at the bottom of that list.
 British Library for Dev Studies houses largest collection of  docs in Europe   via 
  Thanks very much. Your evaluation of my past tweets now faces the rigors of external validity for future tweets.
  Thanks! If only "obviously right" were the criterion for influence---proven wrong by centuries of obviously right abolitionists.
 US gov't deported 780,000 in 2009-2010.  Same years: No. unemployed rose by 560,000  (HT 
  Dara do you have a link you could share for the figure of 931,792 deportations? Thanks.
  That'd be great, thanks. I was never taught the distinction Imbens focuses on. If your paper exposits it, I'd benefit a lot.
 How do you  ? Interesting conversation going on at 
 Want jobs? "More than 40% of Fortune 500 companies were founded by immigrants or their children."  via 
  Yes I did. This is one facet of the "economic suicide" that Mike Bloomberg calls our current policies.
  Kobach and Tancredo, for example -- who have no training in or understanding of economics -- believe that. I heard them say it.
  What blows my mind is that there are real people who believe that if *ten* million were deported, there'd be no unemployment.
  Great post on Imbens' lectures. Link to paper with Aronow on testing vs. estimation?
 RT  There are 4 elevators in all of Liberia. So when presenter from Google said "Let's practice an elevator pitch," he tot ...
 RT  Unpacking Kiva Lenders' Bias against dark skin, the obese and men  (new post)
 "Are U.S. Borders Secure? Why We Won’t Know, and How to Find Out" by  
 RT  GA law driving undocumented immig'ts out of state apparently led 2 farming labor shortage, & crops now rotting in fields h ...
 New report from  on characteristics of Mexican & Central American immigrants in US <PDF> 
 RT  This intelligence squared debate on the freedom of the press & state secrets has the best debating I have heard in ages  ...
 RT  Radical openness and what it means for conferences:   great ideas for taking conferences to ...
 Grand epistemologies of behavior by the poor are doomed to fail -  on Banerjee/Duflo's "Poor Economics" in 
  Fantastic Vidal quotation, thanks.
 RT   of Pop-Tarts dropped on Afghanistan as part of U.S. airborne food aid in the first month of bombing: 2,400,000 (Jan '02)  ...
 Seminar at  this Tuesday, by Tufts Univ.'s Randy Akee: The economic effects of constitutions 
 RT  The death of data.gov?  The path to open data will be crooked
 "Legalizing Drugs Won't Stop Mexico's Brutal Cartels" - By Elizabeth Dickinson | Foreign Policy: 
 Praising pragmatism, and the willingness to pay its costs - by   via 
 Your ability to state opponents' views persuasively is "symptom of objectivity & wisdom"   
 US senators introduce another attempt at Comprehensive Immigration Reform 
 What the movie "Inside Job" got wrong  by 
   "Yes" doesn't even begin to cover it. :)
 RT  Should we pay less for vaccines?  provides an extremely comprehensive answer in this must read post http ...
 RT  Ali Abdulemam, Bahraini blogger and  contributor, sentenced to 15 year prison term in US ally Bahrain:  ...
 MT  "The problem of security is turning into the chief obstacle to our people's development." --Felipe Calderón
 MT  Huge congrats to  Director of new MIT Center for Civic Media 
 IMF researchers "often felt pressure to align their conclusions with IMF views"  via 
 Pulitzer Prize winner Jose Antonio Vargas: "I am an undocumented immigrant"  & 
 Republican presidential candidate Jon Huntsman: "Border fence repulses me; inconsistent with America's image" 
  I don't know his history well, but these two positions are sensible and human: 
  Oh no! You got stung--hope you're ok.
  Good point; there are different definitions of 'city'.
 New level of conspiracy-theory idiocy: "Anthony Weiner most likely did convert to Islam."  via 
 RT  Ban Ki-moon wins second UN term  via 
 RT  Books development economists and aid workers seldom read but should?  (Blog Post)
 RT  The UN estimates that Lagos, Nigeria, will become the world's third largest city, behind Tokyo and Mumbai, by 2015
 RT  Michela Wrong on corruption, ethnicity, and development in Kenya 
 RT  The National Institute of Economic and Social Research estimates that the 2004 influx to Britain depressed real wages b ...
 RT   In Britain imm controls are about 100 years old. First one passed in 1905--to restrict flow of Jews from eas ...
 RT  “Here’s a good rule: If you refer to them as “our women,” then there is something deeply wrong.” 
 Canada's new plastic banknotes. Unforgeable?  via 
 "What the United States Can Learn from the New EU Migration to Britain"  via 
 RT  The recent  scandal continues to evolve... 
 Can anyone find something new to blame immigrants for? John McCain can! No evidence needed. 
 RT  For those hoping to relive Assad's speech, here's the official transcript: bit.ly/l3bP6k (via 
 RT  "Why Do Skilled Immigrants Struggle in the Labor Market? Field Experiment w/ 13,000 Resumes" 
 A thought for World Refugee Day: Why don't victims of natural catastrophes qualify as  
 UNHCR produces superbly detailed and timely data on the world's refugees. The figures for 2011 just came out: 
 RT  Poor countries host 80 per cent of world’s refugees, UN report shows: 
 "Management...possibly the great technological achievement of our age. And has yet to fully diffuse."  
 RT  . pulls together his work on the Millennium Villages for Boston Review: 
  thanks!
  You have a real talent for name-calling. Keep up the superb work!
 RT  Great article from  on impact evaluation and the Millennium Villages   via 
  Well put! :)
  Thanks for the shout! Of course, questioning effects of forcibly blocking migration not same as saying it's always "good".
  Thx. Elizabeth King found that communities report most benefitted people are: MVP employees. Labor mkt effects plausible.
 RT  Evaluation is essential. RT   at  critiques the Millennium Villages project ( http: ...
  Thanks. It's possible but I think the principal harm is that of diverting $$$ from more effective alternatives.
 Putting Solutions on Trial: Impact Evaluation and the Millennium Villages Experiment in Africa  
 RT    al-Qaeda, much like FIFA & IMF, is due for a woman at the helm.
 RT  To understand Vancouver riots, look to the violent themes of the Bible, says Egyptian Canada expert who doesn't speak English.
 Just had to pay taxi driver US$85 to Marseille airport (20min). Across the Mediterranean are 20 million men who'd do it for $15.
