 Crain’s annual list of largest residential brokers for 2010 ranked The Real Estate One Family of Companies again... 
  NEW Commodore 64's maybe they'd like some pub. 
 Is now working as part of a Real Estate One team with Andrea Felps.  Very excited about this partnership!!
 closing time!  except I won't be there....
 is being a lumberjack today.  Felling some trees for a client whom I just sold a home to.  That's a "value-added... 
 Lords breadsticks n ranch! I can't pass up the BG exit without stopping! ( Campus Pollyeyes) 
 Dear "assistant to" the Realtor team I'm working a deal with right now,  I don't like your tone or attitude in... 
 is a Real Estate MACHINE today!
 I'm at Comerica Park (2100 Woodward Ave, Detroit) w/ 74 others 
 I favorited a  video  Ultimate Dog Tease
 I subscribed to klaatu42's channel on YouTube. 
 Closing time!!!
 I uploaded a  video  Hillcrest 8
 I uploaded a  video  Hillcrest 7
 I uploaded a  video  Hillcrest 5
 I uploaded a  video  Hillcrest 6
 I uploaded a  video  Hillcrest 4
 I uploaded a  video  Hillcrest 3
 I uploaded a  video  Hillcrest 2
 I uploaded a  video  Hillcrest 1
 I uploaded a  video  Hillcrest 11
 I uploaded a  video  Hillcrest 10
 I uploaded a  video  Hillcrest 9
 Yesterday, I wanted to retire from Real Estate, because nothing was going right.  Today, magically, everything is... 
 If you made an appointment to see a home with another Realtor for tomorrow, don't call me and tell me you want ME... 
 I'm at Bailey's (22091 Michigan Ave., Dearborn) 
 Make an offer! 
 
 I favorited a  video  $66,500 - 7678 Winona Ave, Allen Park, MI
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Little Pig 
 I'm at Comerica Park (2100 Woodward Ave, at Adams, Detroit) w/ 111 others 
 Los Amigos.  That's Spanish for "The Amigos". ( Los Amigos) 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Koths 2 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Koths 5 
 Dearborn Firefighters Burn Drive 2011 Camaro Raffle
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Koths6 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Koths1 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Koths7 
 I'm at Beaver Creek Tackle and Beer (1609 N Wayne Rd, Btw. Marquette and Bock Rds, Westland) [pic]: 
 SOLD!
 This song makes me glad my grandpa is dead.  He doesn& have to suffer.
 I'm at Marge's Bar (15300 Mack Ave, Grosse Pointe) 
 I'm at The Engine House (309 Cass Avenue, Railroad Tracks, Mt Clemens) 
 Price reduction to $66,500 
 I'm at Joe Louis Arena (600 Civic Center Dr, Detroit) w/ 13 others 
 I'm at The Vu 
 I MAY NEED an assistant!  Crazy-busy!!!
 Counter-offer accepted.  We have a deal!
 Negotiating the deal, my FAVORITE part of being a Realtor!
 
 Approved for short sale. 
 Row N. (YouTube )
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Kalamazoo's bigest fan 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Toledo's biggest fan 
 I'm at BIG'Z (2600 Sylvania Ave  Douglas, Toledo) 
 With two of my favorite women in the Eastern time zone. ( Huntington Center w/ 5 others) 
 Walleye pre-gaming. ( Sidelines at the Arena) 
 I favorited a YouTube video -- $125,000 - 7678 Winona Ave, Allen Park, MI 
 I'm using my new Kodak Playtouch to upload HD (1080p) videos of some Dearborn homes that I show to my YouTube... 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- 100 0152 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- 100 0138 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- 100 0156 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- 100 0153 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- 100 0133 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- 100 0129 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- 100 0123 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- 100 0106 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- 100 0101 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- 100 0163 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- 100 0098 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- 100 0095 
 Two and a 1/2 very intense weeks of Real Estate work is paying off!  A SOLD home yesterday, an OFFER being placed today, and another on Sat.
 I'm at Myles Pizza Pub & Sub Shop (516 East Wooster Street, Bowling Green) 
 My favorite bar in Cincinnati.  Not on the pub crawl! ( Madonna's Bar and Grill) 
 Second-to-last bar on the pub crawl... ( MOTR) 
 This is bar where I  bought "Das Boot" last year! ( Mecklenburg Gardens) 
 Bar 3! ( Fries Cafe) 
 Stop   Mojo Risin IPA from Boulder Beer Co. ( Flipdaddy's Burgers and Beers) 
 First bar of our 2011 Cinci pub crawl!  Look out! ( Rock Bottom Restaurant & Brewery) 
 Lotsa breadsticks and ranch! ( Campus Pollyeyes) 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- YouTube test video 
 I'm at Mati's Deli (1842 Monroe St., Tenney, Dearborn) 
 VDay burger and PBRs FTW. ( Kavans) 
 I'm at Mallie's Grill & Bar (19400 Northline, Allen Rd, Southgate) 
 Best week of "new business" EVER!
 Two straight days of non-stop Realtor action!
 Brand-new Qdoba FTW! ( Qdoba Mexican Grill) 
 I got an email that asked for my feedback on the house I "showed" last night in Detroit.  My response:
 Fairlane ER visit--not good. ( Henry Ford Health System) 
 My phones have been ringing off the hook today.  End of the "recession"?
 My phones are ringing off the hook.  End of the "recession"???
 Superbird and a Magic Hat pint glass to take home! ( Hop's And Barley) 
 Big drinks! ( El Monterrey w/ 2 others) [pic]: 
 I'm at Carriera's Cucina Italiana (6565 Telegraph, btw Warren and Ford, Dearborn Heights) 
 I'm at Carierra's (Telegraph And Warren, Dearborn Heights) 
 Informational picketing for Clinton Township Firefighters Local 1381. ( Clinton Macomb Public Library) 
 Oh, "La Jeffrey" breakfast special, how I have missed you. ( Phoenix Coney Island) 
 I'm at Biergarten (22184 Michigan Ave., Dearborn) 
 I'm at Golden Feather (29663 Ford road, Garden City) 
 Developing REO-site AND www.RealestateInDearborn.com today.
 Manchester 
 First time ever!! ( North American International Auto Show 2011 w/ 16 others) 
 It's 5 o'clock.... HERE. ( cobo joe's) 
 Any feedback on the WordPress Thesis Real Estate Theme?
  will be up an running soon.
 Testing my tweets on HootSuite to see if it "doubles-up" in my LinkedIn feed again.  (Turned Twitter feed OFF).
 Sending out my first message via HootSuite, incorporating my Facebook (account and Realtor page), Twitter, LinkedIn and soon my new website.
 
 My new website is coming soon:  www.realestateindearborn.com
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 new website coming soon to help teachers, firefighters, EMTs, and Police officers buy a homee, and have LITTLE or NO MORTGAGE.
 Brian Regan! ( The Fillmore w/ 5 others) 
 I'm at Hockeytown Cafe (2301 Woodward Ave, Detroit) 
 Cold chillin' at the Holiday Grilllllllll... ( Holiday Grill) 
 I'm at Miller's Bar (23700 Michigan Ave, Dearborn) 
 New Year's Eve Party with Vince and Sarah, and Leslie. ( Andiamo) 
 From the owners of Camp Ticanderoga in Troy.  So far, so good. ( Beaver Creek Tackle and Beer) 
   OK, go ahead!
 Trying to help a new client buy via land contract.  Why do so many Realtors still regard the LC as the "dirty little secret" of Real Estate?
 I'm at Ramada Hotel Toledo (Ohio) (3536 Secor Road, Toledo (Ohio)) 
 Minireunion ( BIG'Z) 
 Steak & Shrimp "off the menu" special with a homemade strawberry shake FTW. 
 I'm at Paradise Cantina (4480 S. Paradise Rd., at Harmon, Las Vegas) 
 Oh Twitter, do I still have an account?  Bigger better things to come in 2011.
 Been in town for twenty minutes.  New Robertos record! ( Roberto Tacos) 
 Thanks to my secret friend Jenny, we have Club Level seating!  Awwwww Yeah!!! ( Ford Field w/ 62 others) 
 Pre-gaming for Vikings/Giants ( Harry's Bar & Grill) 
 I'm at Bronco Lounge (4025 Maple St, Dearborn). 
 I just ousted John B. as the mayor of Bronco Lounge on  
 I'm at Top Dog Coney (dearborn). 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 Bronco Breakfast, Bud Lights, Black Ops, Football, then turkey dinner FTW. ( Bronco Lounge) 
 Concerned?  You shouldn't be. 
 Found this place on Man vs Food.  Having a quint with bacon and onions. ( Krazy Jim's Blimpy Burger) 
 A Cinci "must". ( Skyline Chili) 
 I'm at Paul Brown Stadium (1 Paul Brown Stadium, at Pete Rose Way, Cincinnati) w/ 64 others. 
 The "after" DPD vs DFD hockey game party. ( The Well) 
 1/2 way to St. Patty's Day party.  Just rode a mechanical bull.  fAIL. ( O'Kelley Knights Of Columbus) 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 I'm at Miller's Bar (23700 Michigan Ave, Telegraph, Dearborn). 
 Sitting by two 400+ lb. dudes makes me feel skinny. ( Shores Inn) 
 I'm at Biergarten (22184 Michigan Ave., Dearborn). 
 I'm at Goodnite Gracie Jazz & Martini Bar (224 Sherman Dr, at 4th St, Royal Oak). 
 Pre-Approved short-sale ready to close fast.  Contact me regarding this property! 
 I've reached the 2,000 "following" limit.
 Does anyone ever read my tweets?  I'm planning on being more Twitter-active, but I don't know who hears me.  DM me if you read this.
  Willy Bum Bum...
  oh-boy: 
 I'm at Comerica Park (2100 Woodward Ave, at Adams, Detroit) w/ 25 others. 
  was my 888th.  Now who's gonna be number 900?
 who wants to be my 888th follower?
 I'm at Zukey Lake Tavern (5011 Girard Dr, Pinckney). 
 Sweet n sour chicken. FTW ( New Peking) 
 Dearborn Firefighters Burn Drive golf outing.  See you here next year, September 10. ( Mystic Creek Golf Club) 
 I'm at Biergarten (22184 Michigan Ave., Dearborn). 
 I'm a reactionary if nothing else.... ( Bronco Lounge) 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 I'm at Coors Field (2001 Blake St, Denver) w/ 57 others. 
 I'm at Que Bueno (10633 Westminster Blvd  600, Westminster). 
 I'm at Pete's Monkey Bar (717 e colfax ave, washington st, denver). 
 Electric Cowboy last night.  Atomic Cowboy today. ( Atomic Cowboy) 
 Oddly enough, a cowboy bar. ( Electric Cowboy) 
 Greatest bar in the world. ( High Life Lounge) 
 Sitting right with the Iowa Cubs bullpen. Gonna look 'em up.  Trying not to have another Brett Barbarie incident. ( Principal Park)
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 I'm at Pelican Bar (208 3rd st, Court avenue, Des Moines). 
 Black Margarita. ( Dos Rios Cantina & Tequila Lounge) 
 Fat Tire.  Cold.  On tap.  FTW. ( Legends American Grille) 
 I'm at Dunleavy's (26 Allen Rd, Allen Park). 
 Done.  Stunk.  Open Bar.  Yeah! ( Brentwood Golf Club) 
 Not old enough, aparently.... ( Elmhurst Tap Room) 
 With Ian, Mattern and his "new RN" ladyfriend ( Miller's Bar) 
 Maybe. ( Fifth Third Field w/ 2 others) 
 Mmmmmmmm Fricker's.  It's fricken good. ( Frickers) 
 I'm at Bergers bar & grill (1742 west Laskey road, Toledo). 
 Happy to be here!  Feels like 1992. ( Village Inn) 
   made my day.  And GO DODGERS!!! <3
 I'm at Biergarten (22184 Michigan Ave., Dearborn). 
 Tryin my luck at Keno again... ( Bronco Lounge) 
 I'm at Cedar Garden (Dearborn Heights). 
  in Michigan on wefollow.com. Just sayin'. 
 LeSick of LeBron coverage.
 I'm at Biergarten (22184 Michigan Ave., Dearborn). 
 I'm at 3 Nicks (4800-4898 Greenfield Rd, Dearborn). 
 Just won $150 playing keno, waiting for my Bronco Burger.  FTW! ( Bronco Lounge) 
 I just became the mayor of Cedar Garden on  
 Can't get enough of this place!  Highly recommended. ( Cedar Garden) 
 I'm at Mexican Fiesta (5600-5676 Drexel St, Ford Road, Dearborn Heights). 
 Fresh lemonade from the juice bar is deeee-lish. ( Cedar Garden) 
 I'm at Fairfield Inn-Battle Creek (4665 Beckley Rd, Battle Creek). 
 Richard Miller named Dearborn’s new fire chief - News - Press and Guide 
 Hogs breath is better than no breath at all ( Hog's Breath Saloon) 
 I'm at Keys Fisheries, Market & Marina (3390 Gulfview Avenue, Marathon). 
 Having some 3:15 am FML drinks at the Playwright.  Rental car be damned. ( The Playwrite) 
 Finally at The Deuce!! ( Club Deuce) 
 I'm at Jerry's Famous Deli (1450 Collins Avenue, at Espanola Way, Miami Beach). 
 I'm at Tapas y Tintos (448 Espanola Way, Drexel Ave., Miami Beach). 
 I'm at Ft Lauderdal International Airport Gate D5 (Fort Lauderdale). 
 I'm at Deli on the ave (949 Military Ave, Dearborn). 
 got scammed on a vacation condo in Key West.  Be careful out there.
 I'm at Biergarten (22184 Michigan Ave., Dearborn). 
 I'm at Bailey's (22091 Michigan Ave., Dearborn). 
 Watching USA vs England 
 Watching 2010 FIFA World Cup - Uruguay vs. France on  
 How fast can your Mortgage company close? 
 I'm at Gonella's (22069 Outer Drive, Dearborn). 
 Network Dearborn.  List your Dearborn business.  I did! 
 Joined Network Dearborn today: 
 Thanks to my 38 followers!  I'm waiting to add 12 more before my first Facebook Marketing experiment commences. 
 I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "Homes I have sold" 
 Check out my new Facebook page at: 
 Multimedia message 
 My Zillow profile 
 My Trulia profile 
 Find me on LinkedIn 
 My Twitter account 
 Real Estate One website 
 Calgon, take me away.
  you are mmmm mmmm good.
 Wants this Bill to stall, fizzle, and die: 
 Check this video out -- The Real Estate One Family Of Companies 1st To Know Mobile 
 Just registered at Twellow, the Twitter yellow pages. Are you listed yet? 
 Congratulations to my sister   She was my 700th follower.  She wins a hug.
 who's gonna be my 700th follower?
 just tweeted to a dog
 decided to try my hand at shilling a new soda contraption at a Meijer's in Portage, MI.  Really.
 Racing for Recovery fundraiser: Racing for Recovery is a non profit organization that helps people who abuse drugs... 
 Softball today at Ford Woods   Come see the Dearborn Firefighters take on....TBA at 8:20 pm.  Doubleheader!
 Mati's Deli for lunch.  Mmmmm Mmmmm good!
 Tell Trader Joe's to build a store in Dearborn: 
 RT: Dozen Dearborn Businesses Make MTs ‘Best Of’ List 
 Broke the  plateau on wefollow.com for MICHIGAN: 
 Will Water Help With Weight Loss  - 
 Dearborn Firefighters Burn rive Bowling Fundraiser at Oxford Lanes tonight at 9:00 pm.  $25.  It's for the kids!!!
 Thank you  for being my 600th follower.
 Heading to East Lansing for the  tonight.  Sparty On!!
 Another showing for:  tomorrow.  Hurry and get it while you can!
 Beautiful house in Dearborn for rent or for sale: 
 Received two calls this morning for the house I listed last night:
 Looking for a great first home in Dearborn?  
 Very productive day.  Listed a real nice house for sale or lease.  Details to follow.
 fadethepublic.com: Full Game: ST John&apos;s at Connecticut (-4.0) Total: 132.5 --  My Pick: Connecticut (-4.0)
 fadethepublic.com: Full Game: Saint Mary&apos;s Ca at Gonzaga (-4.0) Total: 144.5 --  My Pick: Saint Mary&apos;s Ca (4.0)
 fadethepublic.com: Full Game: Fairfield at SIENA (-3.5) Total: 146.5 --  My Pick: SIENA (-3.5)
 fadethepublic.com: Full Game: Wichita State at Northern Iowa (-3.0) Total: 114.5 --  My Pick: Wichita State (3.0)
  on Wefollow.com for Michigan tag: 
 anybody interested in joining an auction-style fantasy baseball league?  email: two4nine
 Capitalism is alive and well.  Two kids are shoveling my snow-over-ice driveway for $20.  And they are HAPPY to make that much!!!
  YEAH!!!!!!!!
 ready for U.S. vs. Canada in hockey.  go Red, White, and Blue.  Do you believe in Miracles again?
 I'm home sweet home and feel like a million bucks.
 watching "The Last Starfighter" on Encore.
 is at Madonna's with 
 Currently watching the countdown to the 10 best NCAA March Madness games of the decade - 
 So, are Egyptian cotton sheets really THAT comfortable?  Thinking about buying some 600 TC sheets to find out...
  on wefollow in MI.  14 spots behind my previous twitter account. 
 Please help me find more Dearborn-ites to put in my list: 
 Is it just me or does anyone else feel that now that football is officially over, it's time to get down to business?
 Michelle Monteith at AAA on Garrison rocks!  Thanks for the new auto insurance policy.  Painless.
 I'm in the process of merging all of my Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, GMail, Yahoo, and MSN contacts, so if you see an invite from me, ACCEPT
 Just added myself to the  twitter directory!
 Thank you Twitter for reinstating my accouint.  I'll be less aggressive from here on out....
 I was  in another life.....
 Mati's Deli on Monroe in Dearborn = the goodness
 fadethepublic.com: Full Game: New Orleans Saints at Indianapolis Colts (-5.5) Total: 56.5 --  My Pick: New Orleans Saints (5.5)
 24 hours of Twitter  = 264 following, 43 followers, and 2 listed.  Looks like I didn't forget how to populate an account...
 iPhone, Facebook and Twitter all synched.  looks like it's go-time.
 Just added myself to the  twitter directory under:       
 This is my new twitter account.
