 Bb  dnd
 Roadtripping towards some Asheville love!
 This is how our RTW trip was side swiped by men without pants.  
 Hanging out with cool Tartanic folks at AZ Ren Fest. Beer fairy just delivered a cooler. Fun!
   shoot great and comical. Long, fun St Paddys Day. Hope you had a good one!
  thnx for  back to you
 Happy St Paddy's! Going on guerrilla film shoot w Tartanic today. Bagpipes, drums, & hoping no arrests!
  carpooling with Naomi. See you later, gator
  don't need tix to go. Need tix for guaranteed chair and booksign. See ya!
  cool, probably see you there!
  wanna go see gary vaynerchuk speak wed in tempe with me, 7 pm?
 RT  Come to "Cast Call " Saturday, March 12 from 9:00 am to 2:00 pm. 46468 River Road 
 Yikes.  One week to pack for year-long gypsy trailer travel.  Plus, 2 videos to edit and 1 interview to film....phew
  Positive Comments make the Creative World go Round! 
  Creative Life Blogger  wrote a sweet post about The Travel Creatives.  Thanks! 
 Thanks  for the link to our Tartanic post!  
  The Miracle of Changing Direction in Travel.  Read about our huge shift from RTW to Gypsy... 
  Karma and Daytripping in Loja, Ecuador. Love! 
 At the Columbus, Ohio airport!  Had a great white Xmas.  Onward to the South Tejas Gulf before heading to the South Pacific!
 Score! Just got ow flight to Hawaii for $135! San Jose to Kona on Alaska Air thru Delta. Now seeking cheap ow tix to NZ! 
 Dilemma.  January-March. New Zealand or Andalucia, Spain? And why? Need a magic 8 ball...
  Happy New Year, Dear Friends!  Where have you been, where are you going?  Catch up with The... 
  Never before done photo comparison of two small towns in two different countries,... 
  From minimalistic living in Ecuador to the White House and shopping malls bursting at the... 
  Meet our awesome new friend, Chris Howe, who is walking from Los Angeles to Brazil carrying... 
   Experience a sexy, spiritual exhibition of organic goodness from Vilcabamba, Ecuador... 
  Creative Travel Tip   While traveling, try injuring yourself and bleeding all over a local... 
 Volunteered at cafe in Ecuador and cut my finger with 2 hours.  Here is the universe telling me not to do grunt work!
  Read how I became an AVATAR running barefoot through forests.  Anyone can be their own avatar! 
  Read how I became an AVATAR running barefoot through forests.  Anyone can be their own avatar! 
  Read about spending the night in the mountains with a beautiful shamaness with San Pedro cactus 
 Mode of transport in Vilcabamba, Ecuador--Irene and Jaya enjoy the companionship of our little donkey friend. 
 This is how pure water and organic food in S. America can heal the stresses of a crazy U.S.American life!... 
 After 3 days of grueling travel and limited sleep we made it to the Galapagos! And leave it to us band of rebels... 
 Our Poor Man's Galapagos for the New Rich still an Oxymoron.  
 Thanks  for  coup updates.  Just arrived in Miami to fly to  tomorrow night!   next day. yikes!
 The Travel Creatives are REAL now!  It's really happening! 
 The business is sold.  The house is almost cleared out.  First stop Galapagos Islands.  World here we come!
 Please vote for my family's Droid app, Rhythmatics Kids, in Michelle Obama's Apps for Healthy Kids competition  Thanks!
 It's official!  The business is sold and we're preparing to travel the world--with kids and video camera in hand... Immense relief!
 Hi Norie. So good to hear from you. I need way more space to answer your question! :)
 Thanks  for tweeting Hawaiian Intoxication without Tiki Drinks: Kava Kava & Cacao Buzzes!  ”
 Thanks  for the tweeting Hawaiian Intoxication without Tiki Drinks: Kava Kava & Cacao Buzzes! 
 RT  Hawaiian Intoxication without Tiki Drinks: Kava Kava & Cacao ... 
 A Spiritual Hawaiian Week w/ a Telepathic Shamaness, Near-Death Exp Dude, Buddhist Temple & more 
 A Hawaiian Month in a Mac Nutshell  New Blog Post.  Aloha!
 If Oahu is pilgrimage for LOST fans then survivor's beach camp is Mecca.  Film set footage for silly fans (like us) 
  thanks for the retweet!  Your wordpress help has been awesome.
 The Future of the Crystal Ball: Contact Juggling ala David Bowie in Labyrinth 1986.  Great guy! Mesmerizing art.
 At 3000 feet and climbing  Now that nasty  can't touch us. Ha!
 Evacuated tsunami hawaii coast.  Tried to film but coast blocked off. now seeking espresso!
 Woke up to  warnings on the Pahoa coast,   Relaxing tropical va-ca.  Better evacuate.  We are in the zone!
 Death & Rebirth of a Black Sand Beach  Travel Creatives run into Kalapana, 20 years after it was covered in molten lava
 Locavore your travels  Enjoy Kona coffee, the only native U.S. chocolate, mad fruit, & eat Hawaiian like a Mexican.
 Eating local in Pahoa, Hawaii this morning--papaya, bananas, Kona coffee with local honey!  Doing a local food photo shoot w/ camera phone
 Pre-interview with modern day johnny appleseed at a diner in hilo, hawaii.  Tree talk.
 Sugar rush in hilo.  Just ate banana pancakes with 3 varieties of syrup: coconut, passionfruit. & guava.  Insane.
 South texas peeps at a mexican restaurant in pahoa, hawaii...shocked but not surprised at the prices!
 Just arrived on the big island, shopped at the hilo farmer's market, and driving to pahoa!
 En route to waikiki beach to film a contact juggler (think crystal ball ala david bowie in labyrinth). Quite fascinating.
 Experiencing the magic hour at waimea bay.  Passing the film set of "soul surfer".  Aloha!
 Cool rt  Can't contain my excitement - my & Nigels film is finally 2b shown to the nation. BBC2 'How Earth Made Us'
  good validation.  A blog can certainly be part of a good business plan. Lamo naysayer article freaked me out!
 Hollywood your Travels:   extra in Oahu perhaps? Hot damn tonight!   See you in 
 Hollywood your Travels: LOST extra in Oahu perhaps?  Creative Travel Tip du jour. Http://www.thetravelcreatives.com
 Wishing I was in Oahu tonight for the LOST premier on the beach!  If only I had booked my trip 2 weeks earlier!  
 RT  Been cooking this up for a long time. Finally a showcase of travel photos at Photography Nomad: 
 RT  You are not just a drop in the ocean. You are the mighty ocean in the drop - Rumi  
 Intuition to avoid  earthquake & Twitter's divinity.  
 RT  9 Ways to Distract Yourself w the Work: 
 RT  RT  Five crucial travel strategies for 2010 
 RT  pls RT this if you'd like your website to appear on the list of travel webistes/blogs I'm trying to compile fr 
 RT  Be a YouTube Rockstar: How to Use Annotations 
 RT  New PBS Travel Show to Go Behind World Music   great concept, love it!
 RT  Fab     digital nomad  list    by  inspiring travelers' links
 RT  RT  RT  How RTW trips would look if the Earth was flat 
 RT   & I started our blogs a week apart. Diff approach, diff results. Here's the story 
 RT  Top 50 independent  blogs? 
 RT  Reading: The Incredible Lightness of Traveling  /via 
 RT  As someone searching fr his blogging voice, this mesmerized me: Becoming Yourself & Growing Your Blog  b…
 RT  Happy to be on  via  as a travel  Case Study    
 Travelers are just plain sexy--even when they're not.
 Travel is an art form.  Design your travel, design your life.
