 RT  Two Brothers Resistance IPA 
 Photo: Upland Infinite Wisdom Tripel (via Beer News) 
 Photo: Mad River Brewing Poster (via ebay) 
 Photo: Coast Brewing Hop Art IPA (via Beer News) 
 Photo: Fremont Brewing Logo (via Fremont Brewing Co) 
 Photo: Half-Acre/Short Brewing Freedom of ’78 Pure Guava IPA (via Beer News) 
 Photo: Puma Unity Beer (via thedieline) 
 Photo: Kona Brewers Festival (via roadtripsforbeer) 
 Photo: Magic Hat Howl (via fourfirkins) 
 Photo: New Belgium Eric’s Ale (via Craft Austin) 
 Photo: Victory St. Boisterous Hellerbock (via Victory Brewing) 
 Photo: Manayunk Brewery (via The Manayunk Brewery) 
 A very good way to close out 2010. Abyss, Homebrew, Snowshoe, Poopoo. Goodnight year of beer.
 Also, the  bi-frost dry-hopped cask was nose-buryingly enjoyable. Tomorrow 12/29, imbibe more of it at the cap hill brewpub!
 Thanks to  for bringing the delicious  "Winter Here, Summer There" Belgian Dark (hops!) With help from 
 Good summary of 2010 in Beer: 
 1 final note about Sleigh'r. Each burp exhales a cigarette smoking German. Or maybe it's a Prussian? Either way, es smeckt ausgezeichnet.
 Sleigh'r feeling comfy in my tum. Snuggled up cuter than my pup on an old, soft coat.  is officially on the 2011 Brewery Tour list.
 A new discovery. A 10 year old Western Wisconsin small town Mexican soda glass...is the wrong drinkware for Sleigh'r.
 Sleigh'r body round as a dinner plate and unpredictably mellow. Where are all the Double Alts these days?
  Sleigh'r: Malts Sweeter Than My Dog's Heinous Diarrhea.
 Live tweeting a bomber of  Sleigh'r. To start, the pour foams up hazier than the bong-smoke-dense raincloud enshrouding my 'hood.
 Photo: Surly Smoke Lager (via Legal Beer) 
 Photo: Portneuf Valley Brewing Ligertown Lager (via Portneuf Brewing) 
  Thanks for the shout! You are officially on the list for a 2011 grand tour of WA breweries.
  Bigfoot. A totally underrated barleywine. Wonderful xmas prez to myself. Sweeter than a Radmanovic trey or a Camby rejection.
  stone ruination and a 2010 bigfoot. paired well with NBA night cap.
 Photo: Laurelwood Green Mammoth (via The Full Pint) 
 Photo: Midnight Sun Mayhem (via Midnight Sun Brewing) 
 Photo: Beer Valley Leafer Madness (via Beer Valley) 
 RT  Iron Horse Cozy Sweater back in stock. And the wait is over...Tusker has returned!
 Photo: Left Coast Trestles IPA (via Beer News, again) 
 Cozy Sweater from  fits snugly under yr arm as it guides you to a delicious new year. 
 Photo: Wake of the Flood (via Half Acre Brewing) 
 Photo: Snoqualmie Falls 13th Anniversary Tripel via Rate Beer 
 Photo: Stone Brewing Co. 
 Photo: 3 Floyds/Half-Acre Shewolf (via Beer News) 
 Keep an eye out as I merge another feed with this one. BEER ART! A (twice) daily compendium of beer design, mostly packaging or promo stuff.
  XXII, yeah? Gorgeous, Amazing, Top-Class. Oily top like a leaky BP well but that's just aesthetics. Gotta wait 4 next year's.
 Wishlist 2011:  Bourbon Barrel Abominable w/ classy wax coating.
  Jubel 2010 was obviously inspired by reading too much Foucault thus requiring a mental break 
 RT  Bourbon Alert! Fremont's first bottling, Bourbon Abominable, goes on sale tomorrow at 11am. Waxed and numbered 22oz  ...
 WOW. Super surprise  tonight.  brewer's night's special guest: the infamous failed batch of BB XXII. ZANG!
  I dined on several tonight. prefer the bottle to the draft oddly enough. drowning in hops and rain in the city tonight.
  glad to see you join the ranks of the faithful followers. drink a spotted cow or two for me.
 Revenge of the Beer Nerds!  masterminds the plot. ICHB divulges the details to wikileaks---->
 RT  How much of a bastard are U? Now on tap, Stone Brewing Double Bastard Ale.
 Tumblr is iffy right now, but there's a distinct chance you can enjoy some words about Fish Brewing here---> 
 RT  LW Limited Edition Release!  ...
 Barrel aged beer night amongst friends. Sours, stouts, yum. Magic beer spells were thrust into gullets + admired with writhing tongues.
 Glad to see our neighbors to the north also like Pike (
  IPA: more fun than a herd of hump happy elk on a Wednesday 
 They aren't on twitter yet but North Sound Brewing is trickling into Puget Sound brewpubs and pubs and beery places. 
  Night at  Tree Hugger Porter packing more whollop than Swiss particle accelerators 
 Excited for new breweries in town 2011: Lantern, American, Burdick, Narrow Bridge, etc. North Sound Brewing already here!
 Any suggestions for beer/month clubs? Specifically ones that won't just ship me a bunch of west coast stuff I can find in the dumpster?
 Pliny the Elder: A viking amongst the commonfolk of simple beers. Torrents of flavor that burrow into yer soul 
 Sweet victory. A rainy weekend brightened by gobs of Pliny the Elder all sloshing around like leaves towards a gutter (as in, my mouth).
 UGH. A night off from delicious craft beer is, regrettably, necessary. Wishing I was chugging away at the  tasting. Sigh.
 Harvest beers from  evoke mountain memories and wet, hoppy dollops of nostalgia---> 
  +  in a battle "rye-ale". Get it?!!? Like royalé but not. Everything awaits you here: 
 OK, last one. $4 bargain IPA. Would love to session this in the glorious sunshine I witness today. Damn you autumnal waning daylight!
  since 1997 eh? This hop resin reminds me of my first email handle "fritz_97". The bitterness scattered all over my tongue.
 Kind of like an off-year election, hops can hit you with full force or with little turn-out. This brewski is mild hop demographic.
 This brew just won't rest, unlike my pooch that's pooped out on the rug with zero energy. Something lingering in my brain. Back after a sip.
 Trying out something new. Live tweeting a pint. Here goes for  harmonbrewingco's Pt Defiance IPA. LOTS OF FOAM IN MY MOUTH.
 Über-Hipster Meta-Pumpkin only shops for Halloween costumes on Amazon UK. It's not European, it's NORTHERN European.
 such a lack of info. too many new delicious goodness to document. expect voluminous texts in the next week concerning mostly hoppy things
 A gift of Oud Beersel Oude Kriek Vieille for my dearest. Dry, soapy bubbles of cherry foam morsels partying on my fucking tongue.
  Indeed. And the new location is basically a restaurant. Expect only more of this.
 RT  PINTS FOR PARKS continues today - tapping Temptation from Russian River at 6:30!
  $-buxx already selling local beerz mate. Have been for a while at the non-branded "15th Ave Coffee and Tea" locale.
 RT  New on draft: Fisherman's Pumpkin Stout.  Let the pumpkin begin.
  Fisherman's Imp Pumpkin Stout can also defeat Roy Oswalt. Inning after glorious inning. 
 8 mo. old  Jah*va stops lurking in my cellar + pleases the masses w/ a much mellower vibe. Refresher: 
 I can haz  Black Xanthus: Bourbon-Barrel, Coffee Infused Imp. Sout? Ignition on salivation sequence in 5...4...3...2...
 Condition improved= 1 Mirror Pond, 1/2 pint of Hop Trip. Pretty disappointed w/ the latter this year.
 Any suggested beers to remedy a nasty ear infection? 
 RT  Wheaties might be the breakfast of champions, but the dinner of champions is pretzels and liquor.
 Quoth the  from  "I'll bury yer mouth w/ lumps of fresh dirt + wash it clean w/ warm flowery bubbles" 
  so glad to be part of the honor scroll!
 RT  Mad River John Barleycorn Barleywine: Raisins and stone fruit fill the air.  Root beer barrels enter. Earl Grey leaves. La ...
 A gentlemen's agreement between hop-goodness and yer palate in every glass of  Hoptopia ---> 
 Ready for a flavor meltdown the likes of 3-Mile Island? Try a  Session Lager inspired pizza dough. Wipe yer drool. Go Bake!
  High-Tide Fresh Hop is the Greenest Wave you'll ride this fall, provided you aren't in Hungary.
 Ready to throw in the Twinkie Towel? I think not. Stocking the fridge for game 3 tomorrow. One last Two-Hearted to assuage my mood.
 RT  Death of the IPA? 
 Music to listen to in a  while scoping out mouthwatering beer spots? Definitely 
  v Yanks rd 2.  Torpedo mimics unerring confidence + quiet declaration of  Prediction? A tasty win.
 testing 
 RT  watching the espn gamecast of the  game just isn't the same.... think i might crack a beer at 8:45am china time t ...
 Watching the almighty  dent the Yankees championship dreams. Doing my part by quaffing swig after swig of  Two Hearted.
 The only way to enjoy  Two-Hearted on the West Coast? Sneaky girlfriends' mothers. Officially the in-law ale.
 Ever imagined a growler full of the  Double Choco Stout? Oh what it is to know the power and syrupy pow of this truly dessert brew
 The new  Chatoe Wet Hop Ale tastes as good as a 3rd place trivia finish feels here:--->
  Oarsman Ale soothes the surging ocean and yer anticipating soul  ---->
  You make me want to jump in a Lake 'o' Dales and guzzle til the fish flop on the wet mud 
 Admiral Specific evades ninja swipes and swishes from the  Night Stalker ----> 
 Just had another  Spotless. The choice is yours but FSB's IPA all tend to converge toward a similar pine-hoppy pitch and hue
  Men's Room Red - A Warning to Fisherman: Enjoy at yer own Risk 
 Another  SBW Double IPA. Nothing a hop-lover could possibly complain about. Truly appropriate splash of citrus all over my tongue.
 RT  More free food tonight in Seattle! At our newest store! 1620 Broadway, from 5:30-7:30pm. All food is free tonight only. (via ...
  IPA smoother than thigh-strokingly good wooden booths at  
 Seattle International Beer Fest Re-hash      etc.
  LeftHandBrewing Insanity of Prices! $4 Imp Porter. Hope my parachute doesn't rip on the Smokejumper's descent into my gullet. '08 to boot!
   DIPA is a hazy gritty hop explosion.  IIPA does. A lot.  Ruination not as citrusy as Hales.
  yes Pike is OK. Better in rarer bottles. Get the their Double IPA and the Wood-Aged Stout.
  Hmmm. Def    (beerbar/brewpub),  Skip Pyramid/Redhook, etc...
 RT  Make haste and drink a beer, not unlike the way this fucking prose was formulated:  ...
  (via  Oak-Aged Yeti Imp Espresso Stout--yes, it's quite the mouthful 
  Oaked Espresso Imp. Stout is the ultimate growler beer. Iron-fists of coffee resin mangle the carbonation peasantry.
  Double IPA for  is a full thrusters forward, get ready for warp speed hop adventure. Hard to beat that price too.
 RT  "want to join Team BrewDog? + help make BrewDog Beer?- Experience great bt nt necc, Various production positions" DANG!
  Brew Free or Die IPA: Like Wu-Tang Clan's sick beats, this ale has head-noddin, glass frothing style. This shit is the jam.
 RT  Goose Island's Matilda makes me so happy.
 Caldera's Ashland Amber: Pooping rays of hoppy sunshine into yr cup. Magical brown liquids devoid of fecal matter + awash in happiness.
 1 Pliney the Elder discovered at --> QFC. Heartily guzzled + dreamt about for 10-12 hrs. Numbed up my brain like a sweet cup of caffeine.
  Double IPA. Trudging laboriously uphill after a  draw. Slam yr face with pizza + quaff this shiny ale. Repeat.
  in bottles again?! There goes my tax refund.
 Congrats to  for their medal haul at the World Beer Cup: 2 silver + 1 bronze!
 Thanks to  for the JK Brewing Oatmeal Stout last night. Tasty despite warnings of "plastic-y" overtones.
 RT  It's like the fucking cliff's notes of alcoholism:  ...
 REVIEW:  Curieux fluctuates wildly at the quantum level but you will conquer it anyway... 
  as long as I can get anything local that's not miller, busch, etc. Maybe a special Twins brew by Summit?
 Sincerely hoping to drink  at Target Field later this summer... 
  Paradox escapes a wizard and a glass dungeon! 
 Already salivating at the list of events for 
  sniff it out good sir...surely the OB is hiding near you!
 RT   your beer reviews are like a good smoke. At first I'm confused, then I'm laughing, then I just want more ( ...
 RT  New Seattle beer weeks site is up!
  good to find a kindred spirit. fuck those uptight fucks and their stale reviews. we rule.
 RT  Holy fucking shit, two reviews in a single day. Someone alert the President!    ...
  Gubna Imperial IPA tutors young prodigies to Hall of Fame careers 
  Double Trouble DIPA causes Union of Fun to wilt as League of Hops flexes its muscle 
  IPA corrals billy goats and pours into yer mouth like a delicious rockslide 
 friends, check out  ( - if I saw these beers and didn't know beer, it'd get all of them.
 Learn how to conquer Castle Risk with  Lil' General Imperial IPA on ICHB.com 
 RT  At The Brewery today: Placing the 1,000 bbl bottling tank! Equals: 13,777 cases x 4 sixpacks = 1 sixpack every night for ...
 Save burning structure fires with  Improvisación  
  beer and charity go hand in hand. more on the horizon surely.
 RT  Drink beer, save lives. Water1st • Beer 2nd. Tonight in Seattle:  Join the activist party.
 Seattle Beer 2 The Rescue! Fight for clean water in dev countries w/  by enjoying local brews tonight! 
 A hypnotic and enchanting evening with Russian River's Consecration. 
 Whiskey disguised as secret agent Beer 007---> Backwoods Bastard (Oak Bourbon Barrel Aged) 
 Celebrate Iceland's Beer Day by learning about Seattle's    
  Wry Pale Ale is discovered by future archaeologists. Drink the history here---> 
 Umberto Eco and Pedro Wooly recommend  Monk's Blood  - find it here (sometimes) ---> 
 Can You Survive the  Highland Ambush?  ICHB haz the (t)Ale...
 RT   Old Horizontal rules. Went to  over the wknd & asked the bartndr what he suggested- OH mixed wit ...
  Old Horizontal '08 Review  ...consumed---->
 Fish Brewing 10² Anniversary Ale Review   
 Lost Abbey Serpent's Stout (Review)   
 Bear Republic's Racer 5 Review  
 Port Townsend RyPA Review  
 Lagunitas Olde Gnarly Wine Review   
 Fremont's Universale Pale Review   
 Naked City's STFU Donny!  
 Elliott Bay Imperial Stout Review  
 Southern Tier Jah*va Review  
 Green Flash Brewing Overview    
 Pike's Entire Stout Review  
 Deschutes Hop Henge Review  
 Port Townsend's Hop Diggity Review   
 Photo: Beer Valley’s Highway to Ale Can the hairy fuzz-spin of a bright yellow tennis ball barely graze the... 
 Photo: Iron Horse IPA In the story, “My Side of the Mountain”, a young child runs away from home and plunges... 
 Photo: Big Time Dark Days Black IPA Wallow deep in the murkiest of IPAs from that lazy elephant’s flaccid... 
 Lagunitas New Dogtown Pale Ale Review
 Fremont Barrel-Aged Abominable Winter Ale Review 
 Dick's Barleywine Review 
 Oskar Blues' Gordon Double IPA Review 
 Dogfish Head Raison d'Extra Review
