  just ruined  bachelorette! I know who  picks! Can't believe that just happened!
 Now You Can Screen Calls On Your Cellphone  via  
  My tweet just added to the TrueBlue jackpot! Check out  and add to the jackpot by tweeting.
 
  no way! Who knew  was so liberal?!
 Sooooooo much  by the 
 Up to 40% Off Cocktail Brunch or Lunch for Two   via  YUM!
 Success! Can't wait until September!  here we come!
 Apartment hunting day  in  Any good suggestions?
  game   ManU just passed us in a motorcade. Awesome!
 Google+ About To Hit 10 Million Users [REPORT]  via   Has anyone tried this out?
 More U.S. Adults Own a Smartphone Than Have a Degree  via   Pathetic? I think so.
 anyone have an  in  they want to rent us?
  is amazing. Can't believe she has such a positive outlook after all she went through...
  first conjunctivitis then tummy troubles but I think we're good now!
 Two vet visits in two weeks. Awesome.
  We still haven't grabbed dinner! Need to catch up ASAP! xoxo
 a  on the  in my  with a  and  of course :)  with the fam tomorrow!
 Another one from my talented little bro! Don't Call it a LiveJournal: The Day After the 3rd of July 
  That's ridic. I don't know a single person that misses the week during the weekend.
  Can't wait until the 
  Nice! It's at  (mom & dad's house). What time shall we pick you up on Sat? xoxo
 52 days til the  eek! gotta get in shape! gotta  any quick 
  Almost 95 today!
  you coming to the  with me and  on Saturday? Please say yes! I miss my little bro!
 So hot in  and I'm loving it!
 Back to  with  tomorrow! Took a long break so we may get our asses kicked!
 I want  to come back on! Can't wait until 2012!
 How Starbucks Is Paving the Way for Mainstream Mobile Payments  via  
 Review: Two Blood Pressure Monitors for iPhone & iPad [VIDEO]  via   Amazing!
 Happy 
  
 Long weekends are exhausting!
  Looking for Armenian food in NYC! Any suggestions for the best places to go?! Happy 4th of July!
  thanks for the follow! happy 4th of july! hope you're doing something fun!
  Definitely Raspberry Cocoa! Where can I find your vodkas in 
 can't wait to try  vodka this weekend!
 Publishers Launch First Digital-Only Textbook for K-12  via   Wish I had this in school!
 RT %40TheIndyNews Uproar over Nike%27s %27drug message%27 T-shirts - Business News%2C Business - The Indepen.. http%3A%2F%2Find.pn%2FjPupWH
  BBQ, no questions asked!
 RT  RT  In courtroom, William Bulger, second row left, Catherine Greig's sister in front row 
 So excited for  tonight with 
 I get SO MUCH done when I work from home!
  You'll see, people will find you too!
 why oh why did i let  talk me into this one  AHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
   or  What to watch, what to watch?  no comment from you.
  I'm a relatively new fan. I guess we know what we're talking about in our checkin tomorrow! Among other things...
 For those  out there. Where should I live? Needing some  right about now!
  I couldn't do it without you! I need my  buddy back! I'm too scared to go on my own :)
  So excited to see you Sat and eat some yummy  Bring your 
  Coming into town next weekend. Any good 1bedrooms to show us??
 Doesn't everyone have this problem? 
  I'm excited for our  date tonight! better get your butt home from work or I'm starting without you!
  is addicting!
  I mean, who WOULDN'T want to read about Japan's poop patties?
 Another! I'll Take the Vegetarian Option 
 RT  Ryan Dunn Crash: Drinking Photo Posted to Tumblr Hours Before Death 
  i can't respond bc you aren't following me!
  hell ya! Bbq.phantomgourmet.com
  Hey-I am signed in on my phone but my email address comes up as invalid when i try to sign on online..any ideas? so frustrating!
 And again!  
 Bridal shower day! Woohoo!
 Oh Boston, how I love thee! VIDEO: Boston Bruins Visit the South End - South End, 
 And again! Check out the fabulous blog by  
 anyone have any good baby boy names for my friend who just found out?!?! so exciting!
  are you fully recovered? I am. Thank God!
   are kind amazing. But go 
 Go B's
 Anyone know any good, reliable, honest    companies in 
 any good places to  or things to do in  or  Going in September!
 Read this amazing blog by my little brother  
 Measure Your LinkedIn Klout « Measuring Online Influence: The Official Klout Blog 
  looks amazing! I want to go someday!
 So excited for game 6!
 The single greatest thing I've ever seen. Little Tanner (6 yrs. old) dancing his ass off!  via 
   I just the fixins for burgers & tots!
 Bottoms up! 
  rocks my world!
 Club  on  Ave? Not so great!
 Off to 
 Are there an abnormally high number of redheads in the  
 Go  A hometown 
    Bo Peep! Loved that show!
 20 superfoods for weight loss: Food : Diet: Self.com -  
 Going to  tomorrow for my  party! Any suggestions of places to go/eat?
  research report. Awesome! 
 undefined  
 Yelp Insiders Chomping At The Bit Amid IPO Frenzy  via 
 10 Great Android Multiplayer Games  via  
  Hah good point! I like that better. See you in a few!
   You;re  pals? What about your  pals and your  pals?!
 O.m.g. 
 "i got baby wrap skills yo" - joey mcintyre 
 Lunch, facials, and  with    tonight. What a great day in  :)
 So excited for the  concert tomorrow!
  It's not even my arms or legs, it's my back! AHH! 5 more days til hell on earth starts all over! <3 
  I went to the Audi factory last year so I'm partial to the Audi TT convertible, black, black interior, standard!
  Hah! I'm far from a runner but I hope to make it to the stage where I get to justify buying a sweet car!
 My So-Called Quarter Life Crisis | Primer  Thanks  for sending this over. I know which stage I'm at! You?
  Awesome, thanks!
  That's what I was thinking too. Do you actually see more participation from males than females?
  and  Why are men more likely to use  then women? Any ideas?
 Why do you think  are more likely than  to use location-based applications like 
  Me too!! I'm so glad we went though. I am so much more likely to  with a buddy!
  What about  and 
  I wish you were here. i'm scurrrred.
  crazy storms
 these  are really freaky right now. who knew  got this bad in 
 Boxing with  kicked my ass! love love love my gym buddies!
  I was thinking more like  and  But yes, I love it all!
 24% of U.S. Adults Have Made Phone Calls on the Internet [STUDY]  via  
 OhSoWe Is a Hyperlocal Network for Neighborhoods  via   What a great idea for apartment dwellers!
 Top 5 Foursquare Mistakes Committed by Small Businesses  via  
 President Obama To Name Twitter CEO To Advisory Committee  via  
 Google's New Quick Flight Search Makes Your Life Easier  via    is taking over the world!
 90s rap and 90s movies are the best ever.
  or  Which should I see on this glorious long weekend?
  with friends, great food and beautiful weather!!!
 That was buck.  is back!
 No way! Lauren should have won!
 Loving the summer weather! Keep it up Boston!
 Automated personal training????   via 
  Is this the trick to your success??!!   via 
 I know someone ( that could use this! 
 Why couldn't I think of this??! LInkedIn is worth so much $!  via  
 Text-to-speech for a cell phone?   this seems like a waste of a patent to me...
  This is so exciting! How did you ever pick? What did you think of the guy in the mask?!
 Anyone ever done  classes in Boston?
 So excited  is back!! Loving West already!
 Go  !! Kick some ass!!
  I like Keeping up With the Kardashians better. In your face.
  makes the BEST  check it out at . They are beautiful and very affordable!!
 talking animals always makes me laugh :) 
 Appetizer for the wedding  AHHH Can't wait!!  
  Everything was delicious & beautiful. Can't wait for the real thing in August! Thanks again!
 Boston is about to get a lot smaller with all the college students going home for the summer. Can't say I mind at all!
  Hell ya I did! Last graduation FOREVER for me!
 Funniest blog around! Check it out! 
 Amazing hand made jewelry, right here in Boston! Check it out! Tell her I sent you! 
 Graduation day today 
 what to do when my computer is toast...
 Number of long-lasting marriages in U.S. has risen, Census Bureau reports - The Washington Post  via 
 RT  [VIDEO] Why will you join Forrester? Learn about the new hire experience via     ...
 RT  If you have been watching  this season, then you will love THIS 
  A secluded island in Greece!
  VoxBoxes. Check it out! 
 Trouble repaying loans?  
  I signed up to be a member but I don't know how it works!!
 When Will Fooducate be Available for Android?  via 
  So excited for our tasting on Saturday! Can't wait to see what amazing stuff you come up with!
 Come on  Kick some  
 RT  Food affects Mood : Mood affects Food  -       
 How cute is this stuff?? 
  What about Boston?!
 Do you spend more time each week online (for personal reasons) or watching TV?? I NEED to know!!
  Thanks for featuring  on your show today. He is a great guy and didn't deserve what that little girl put him through.
 My friend  on  today. Thoughts go out to his family. 
 Great deals on JetBlue!  via 
 one of my kittens just downed a bowl of edamame. weird.
 My kind of summer cocktails! 
 LinkedIn going public. Will you get involved?
 What's going on on Cambridge st in Allston? Lots of  cops and Boston cops
 Nothing better than a homemade cupcake! 
 Portsmouth is so sweet. Loving the small town feel!
 Can't wait to see Samantha from  tonight! It's been too long :)
 A few more degrees and I'll be ready for some of these!   via 
 RT  Latest US smartphone market share stats: Android 34.7%, Blackberry 27.1%, Apple 25.5%, Windows 7.5% 
  didn't deserve to go home. Definitely should have been 
  Have you tried the melting lava cake? Best dessert I've ever had!
  Grotto in Beacon Hill!! Best hidden gem in the city!
  acquired  So cool to be in Singapore! 
 so over  this season. Although  is fabtab!
  get on this thing!
 Hey  Have you seen this article? 
 Hey  and  How does one go about submitting a humorous piece to be published online or in print? Is that possible?
 thank god I was not stuck on this train...
 Will you use  music?
 RT  'The Voice' ratings drop for battle rounds (but still beat 'Glee')   
 Google and the 360 Degree Music Experience Conundrum | Forrester Blogs 
 You'll Soon Be Able To See Inside Buildings With Google Maps [VIDEO]  via  
 Mexico City To Send Earthquake Warnings Via Social Media-Would you be interested?   via  
 Just How Dangerous Is Sitting All Day? [INFOGRAPHIC]  via  
 Gotta hit the  happy hour before May 15th from 3-5! Yum!
 First full face transplant done right here in Beantown!
 RT  US, Pakistan struck secret deal in 2001 permitting US operation against bin Laden on Pakistani soil - UK Guardian  htt ...
 Hey  how long does it take for Gobie bottles to ship? I ordered a week ago and haven't received shipping confirmation?? Any ideas?
 Phones made for women? 
 remedies for people who are hurting from  
 has anyone ever sold anything to Second Time Around or another consignment shop? Not sure how it works...
 My dream house  is for sale! I want it!
 RT  Startup Analyzes 30 Billion Tweets To Measure Twitter Engagement [EXCLUSIVE] - 
 RT  Cinco de Mayo celebrates the Mexican victory over the French army in 1862. And it's celebrated the same way it was won ...
 Running vs. sprinting? Which is better for you?
 loving   
 RT  Facebook in talks to buy Skype  . Let's hope they do better than eBay!
 hysterical!
 Loving the accessories/trinkets by  this spring. Can't wait to see my amazing invitations! Love those girls! xoxo
   Just purchased my first Gobie Waterbottle! Are they dishwasher proof??
 $15 for $30 Worth of Glassware, Bar Gear, and More from CocktailVibe -  
 $7 for $15 or $15 for $35 Worth of Smoked Meat and Non-Alcoholic Drinks at ... 
 Give and Get is Here!:  via 
 Starbucks Offering Rewards For Foursquare Checkins Today   via 
 40% Off Four-Week Workout Program on Gilt City Boston! 
 Disney Acquires Social Network for Children  via  
 
 Best workout ever! $59 for One Month of Unlimited Boxing Classes and a Pair of Gloves at The Ring ... 
http://on.wsj.com/hHJkHF Full  Nokia CEO Stephen Elop&#8217;s &#8216;Burning Platform&#8217; Memo
 Nokia & Microsoft:
 Full  Nokia CEO Stephen Elop& & Platform& Memo
 A must see! Gus & Ruby. The most fabulous new business out there!   via 
 any recommendations for limo companies in/around Boston??
 $15 for $30 Worth of Authentic Down-Home Eats and Drinks at Redbones -  
 Hillarious!!!   via 
 RT  Verizon iPhone Launch Date and Pricing 
 The Best Daily Deals in Boston: Hour-Long Massage  via 
 $99 for Three Hair-Removal Treatments or Three Skin Treatments at HLC Med Advanced La... 
 Check out Groupon's daily deal - huge discounts on the coolest stuff in your city... 
 The Best Daily Deals in Boston: Laser Hair Removal: $99  via 
 Give and Get is Here!:  via 
 
 The Best Daily Deals in Boston: Unlimited Yoga: $24  via 
 Win a trip to South Beach from   
