 Netflix coming to Facebook overseas, but not in U.S.:  A legacy of Robert Bork's Supreme Court nomination hearin... 
 Sarah Palin's 'Undefeated' takes a big belly flop at box office 
 Imax stock plummets on box-office concerns 
 Jennifer Lopez celebrates 42nd birthday with dinner in Miami 
 Plan to move cancelled soaps to Web first needs unions' approval: Moving television shows from the TV screen to ... 
 Sarah Palin doc 'The Undefeated' will try its luck on TV 
 Imax stock plummets on box-office concerns: Imax Corp. stock plummeted more than 11% after an analyst raised con... 
 Jay-Z, Kanye West combine as 'The Throne,' announce tour dates 
 DreamWorks Animation stock up on news of Netflix deal:   News that DreamWorks Animation is cutting short its out... 
 Comic-Con 2011: Spider-Man, Steven Spielberg and TV tribes 
 'Entourage' recap: With friends like these 
 'Captain America' didn't beat 'Thor' after all: 
 'Real Housewives of New Jersey' recap: The Everlast Supper 
 Comic-Con photo gallery: The super kids of Comic-Con 
 Bassnectar links up with Alpha Pup, premieres 'Voodoo' 
 The Morning Fix: 'Captain America' wins. DreamWorks-Netflix deal?: After the coffee. Before fighting the good fi... 
 Comic-Con 2011: Matt Smith was meant to be Doctor Who 
 Amy Winehouse: An Appreciation 
 'Captain America' a box-office trouper 
 Live review: Dolly Parton at the Hollywood Bowl 
 First Look: Kristen Stewart in 'Snow White and the Huntsman' 
 Comic-Con 2011: 'Glee' graduates not necessarily leaving show 
 Comic-Con: Francis Ford Coppola on vampires, loss and superfandom 
 Comic-Con 2011: 'Alcatraz' embraces its 'Lost' roots 
 Box Office: 'Captain America' strong-arms 'Harry Potter' 
 Box Office: 'Captain America' strong-arms 'Harry Potter' finale:  "Captain America: The First Avenger" proved it... 
 Comic-Con: 'Snow White and the Huntsman' will have 'Lord of the Rings' scope 
 Amy Winehouse: Autopsy due in days; dad Mitch Winehouse flies home 
 Comic-Con: Joss Whedon talks 'Avengers,' 'Buffy' on Broadway 
 Bret Saxon: Unlucky producer or Hollywood fraud? 
 Comic-Con: 'Spider-Man' actor Rhys Ifans cited 
 Comic-Con: 'Spartacus' gets a facelift with new season 
 Amy Winehouse found dead in her London home 
 Amy Winehouse found dead 
 Beyonce and Jay-Z get close in 'Watch the Throne' video 
 Comic-Con: Meet Rhys Ifans, the Lizard of 'Amazing Spider-Man' 
 Critical Mass: Chris Evans saves 'Captain America' 
 Critic's Notebook: With Spotify, the future of music is here 
 Comic-Con 2011: Bradley Cooper is the devil 
 Comic-Con 2011: 'Torchwood: Miracle Day' promises dark days ahead 
 Comic-Con 2011: Steven Spielberg says 'Jurassic Park 4' is on 
 Comic-Con 2011: Spielberg touts 'Tintin' with Peter Jackson's help 
 Google+ to introduce social game platform: Google, whose recently launched social network Google+ has amassed 20... 
 Frank Fairfield's latest crate-digging finds; plus McCabe's date 
 Has News of the World scandal has put cloud over James Murdoch?: 
 Apple Inc. in preliminary talks to acquire Hulu 
 Apple Inc. in preliminary talks to acquire Hulu:  Apple Inc. has joined a handful of companies, including its ch... 
 Using 'The First Avenger' to help sell 'Captain America' overseas:  May's superhero movie release from Paramount... 
 Maria Shriver support request challenged by Arnold Schwarzenegger 
 Kate Middleton's wedding dress debuts at Buckingham Palace 
 Comic-Con 2011: Guillermo del Toro and Jon Favreau on fear, weight and Disneyland 
 The Morning Fix: More Murdoch drama! Potter vs. Captain America: After the coffee. Before making my bid for Hulu... 
 Showtime sets premiere dates for 'Dexter' and 'Homeland' 
 Movie Projector: 'Captain America' takes on final 'Potter' film for No. 1 
 Movie review: 'A Little Help' 
 Michael Jackson family to announce 'thriller' of concert tribute 
 Redbox president leaves; parent company's stock drops 10%: The president of Redbox unexpectedly said he would be... 
 Movie review: 'Friends With Benefits' 
 Comic-Con: Twilight fans get glimpse of 'Breaking Dawn — Part 1' 
 Movie Projector: 'Captain America' takes on final 'Potter' film for No. 1:  "Captain America: The First Avenger,... 
 Rock the Bells, House of Blues announce concert, theater series 
 Jay-Z, Kanye West leak their new track, 'Otis' 
 'Amazing Spider-Man' trailer unveils dark, brooding tone 
 Comic-Con: Exclusive 'The Walking Dead' Season 2 photo 
 Comic-Con : 'Twilight' cast surprises fans with breakfast 
 'So You Think You Can Dance' recap: Breakfast of champions 
 Lindsay Lohan due in court for compliance check 
 The Morning Fix: Simon vs. Simon! News Corp. looks for goodwill.: After the coffee. Before trying to have a Rupe... 
 Rusty Griswold prepares to take another 'Vacation' 
 Katy Perry, Adele, Kanye West lead MTV Video Music Awards nods 
 Kim Kardashian sues Old Navy over ads starring lookalike 
 Jeffrey Katzenberg's verdict on Hollywood movies: They're terrible 
 'Another Earth' posits a parallel planet 
 Emma Roberts, Chord Overstreet, Diane Kruger schmooze for 'Muta' 
 R. Kelly has emergency throat surgery, takes 'indefinite' break from performing 
 News Corp. tries to build good will in wake of hacking scandal: Looking to build some good will with British law... 
 Dum Dum Girls deliver 'death and darkness and sadness' with grace 
 CBS Corp. licenses older shows to Amazon.com:  Amazon.com is busy stocking its shelves with more programming and... 
 Simon Fuller sues Fox and Fremantle over 'X Factor' credit 
 Simon Fuller sues Fox and Fremantle over 'X Factor' credit: 
 The Morning Fix: Murdoch gets foamed! NFL near deal. PGA throws awards season into lurch.: After the coffee. Bef... 
 Chef Ludo Lefebvre on bringing LudoBites to Sundance Channel 
 CNN's Piers Morgan denies he hacked phones for Rupert Murdoch 
 Eddie Izzard hopes to wrap the Bowl in a Python's grip 
 On Location: Carmageddon, schmarmageddon 
 On Location: Carmageddon, schmarmageddon — local filming activity surged last week in the L.A. area: 
 News Corp. board of directors signals support of Murdoch and management: News Corp.'s board of directors said it... 
 Jayson Williams' estranged wife not joining  'Basketball Wives' 
 Mila Kunis, Justin Timberlake buddy up for 'Friends With Benefits' 
 Baidu strikes licensing deal with music labels:  Baidu, China's largest search engine, has struck a deal to lice... 
 News Corp. independent directors hire law firm: News Corp.’s independent directors this week retained the New Yo... 
 Murdoch's newspaper holdings go from Trojan horse to Achilles' heel 
 'Captain America': Live chat with director Joe Johnston 
 Album Review: They Might Be Giants' 'Join Us' 
 Murdoch's newspaper holdings go from Trojan horse to Achilles' heel: News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch has alwa... 
 Rupert Murdoch attacked at Parliament, appears unharmed:  News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch endured not only ve... 
 Rupert Murdoch attacked at Parliament, appears unharmed 
 'Humble' Murdoch faces British inquiry 
 'Dark Knight Rises': The Bat, the Rat and the Cat 
 Live Nation-backed group declares war on StubHub, ticket resellers:  The battle of the band tickets is officiall... 
 The Morning Fix: Murdochs face the fire! Sheen comeback moves forward. 'Dark Tower' goes dark.: After the coffee... 
 Big Picture: Looking at Rupert Murdoch, seeing Lord Voldemort 
 'Spider-Man' director Marc Webb feels a 'responsiblity to reinvent' the hero 
 Emma Watson will return to Brown for final year of college 
 iHeartRadio Music Festival sells out in 10 minutes 
 'Final Destination 5': James Cameron's right-hand man gets his shot as director 
 Standard & Poor's warns of possible News Corp. downgrade 
 'Cash Cab' strikes and kills pedestrian in Canada 
 Standard & Poor's warns of possible News Corp. downgrade: With fallout from the News of the World phone hacking ... 
 MGM marketing chief Michael Vollman exiting:  With barely any movies to market since he joined the company three... 
 L.A. Unheard: Chelsea Wolfe's revelatory dirges 
 Donald Trump delivers Ivanka Trump's baby name 
 'Harry Potter' beats Batman -- but will the Dark Knight rise again? 
 HBO Sports President Ross Greenburg exiting 
 HBO Sports President Ross Greenburg exiting: Ross Greenburg, the longtime head of HBO Sports, is leaving the pay... 
 Post-split: Marc Anthony gets to flirt, Jennifer Lopez gets to work 
 Charlie Sheen to star in new 'Anger Management' sitcom 
 News Corp. taps Lord Anthony Grabiner as independent chairman of its standards committee: Following a weekend th... 
 Stage collapses at Ottawa Bluesfest in storm during Cheap Trick set; 8 people injured 
 'True Blood': 'You drank the whole fairy -- Now you're going to your room' 
 Move to digital sparks new partnership between Technicolor and Deluxe: Hollywood's rapid march to digital techno... 
 Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner welcome a baby girl 
 'Breaking Bad' recap: You don't mess around with Gus 
 The Morning Fix: Latest `Harry Potter' soars! Murdoch scandal expands.: After the coffee. Before seeing if I can... 
 Live review: Seun Anikulapo Kuti & Egypt 80 at California Plaza 
 'Cowboys & Aliens': Jon Favreau leads elite Hollywood posse into wild frontier 
 'Breaking Bad' season four preview: Slowed down a bit, but still the best show on TV 
 Sarah Palin documentary grosses more per-theater than Wendi Murdoch's 'Snow Flower' 
 Sarah Palin documentary grosses more than Wendi Murdoch's 'Snow Flower':  More bad news for News Corp.
 'John Carter': A devoted fan chronicles his own martian fascination 
 Box Office: Final 'Harry Potter' film has highest-grossing domestic opening of all time 
 Box Office: Final 'Harry Potter' film has highest-grossing domestic opening of all time:  In his final act, "Har... 
 Video: 'Harry Potter' director on Alan Rickman's 'prickly' genius 
 Comic-Con: Grant Morrison's guest essay on strange San Diego nights 
 Last 'Harry Potter' film breaks box-office record for most tickets sold in a single day: 
 TV, radio stations put pedal to the metal on Carmageddon coverage 
 Fox News show has interesting take on News of World hacking scandal: Pretty much since the beginning of the News... 
 Pianist Alan Broadbent contemplates his next song 
 TNT cancels 'Men of a Certain Age' 
 Friday marks the return of King Khan's fiery melding of punk and soul at the Echo 
 Top News Corp. exec Les Hinton resigns 
 Top News Corp. exec Les Hinton latest to fall in hacking scandal: Les Hinton, one of the most senior executives ... 
 AFTRA members ratify contract with new streaming fee for video games:  Actors and other performers who work on v... 
 Mila Kunis confirms: Date with Marine Sgt. Scott Moore is on! 
 Final 'Harry Potter' film sets record for most tickets sold during midnight screenings 
 Final 'Harry Potter' film sets record for most tickets sold during midnight screenings: 
 Q+A: Gabriel Macht 'Suits' up for USA network 
 Ten traffic jams to get you through Carmegeddon 
 News Corp. scandal claims another casualty: Rebekah Brooks 
 News Corp. scandal claims another casualty: Rebekah Brooks: The phone-hacking scandal tearing through News Corp.... 
 Head of Murdoch's British operations quits 
 The Morning Fix: Brooks out at News Corp. as scrutiny grows! Harry Potter's final run. Emmy analysis.: After the... 
 Critic's Notebook: Emmy nominations' twists and turns 
 Video game sales fall in June:  Video game sales plunged again in June, dropping 10% from the same period a year... 
 Critical Mass: 'Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 2' is 'satisfying,' guaranteed 
 Miniseries on Kennedys overcame long odds to score big in Emmy nominations: 
 News Corp.'s U.K. troubles officially land on shores of U.S.: 
 Movie Review: 'The Undefeated' 
 Emmys: Louis C.K. was taken by surprise 
 $43.6-million opening day overseas for 'Harry Potter' finale 
 $43.6-million opening day overseas for 'Harry Potter' finale:   If the opening day in 26 foreign countries is an... 
 Photos: Emmy nominee reactions 
 HBO dominates the Emmy nominations 
 The Morning Fix: Emmy noms out! News Corp. on defensive. NBC gets new president.: After the coffee. Before figur... 
 Emmys: 'Big Bang Theory,' 'Parks & Recreation' new entrants among best comedy staples 
 Spotify launches (at last) in the U.S. on Thursday 
 Spotify buttons up deals with Warner Music, launches music service in the U.S.: Spotify, a popular European musi... 
 'Glee's' Lea Michele, Chris Colfer and Cory Monteith won't be back for Season 4? 
 'Killing' star Joel Kinnaman asks why fans and the media have been so harsh 
 Tom O'Neil's fearless, 100% perfect Emmy nominations predictions 
 BAFTA Los Angeles to honor Helena Bonham Carter 
 Lil Wayne offers apology for album delay with mixtape 'Sorry 4 the Wait' 
 'America's Got Talent' recap: Who's ready for Hollywood? 
 No more fresh episodes of 'Saturday Night Live' on Netflix 
 No more fresh episodes of 'Saturday Night Live' on Netflix:   A new digital content deal between NBCUniversal an... 
 Sex columnist Dan Savage says straight people 'redefined marriage decades ago' 
 'Harry Potter': A decade of Hogwarts professors 
 Ted Danson will take over as boss on 'CSI: Crime Scene Investigation' 
 Oprah Winfrey to take CEO post at OWN 
 News Corp. pulls plug on BSkyB deal 
 News Corp. pulls plug on BSkyB deal: News Corp. has backed off of its plan to buy BSkyB, the powerful British sa... 
 The Morning Fix: Oprah to be CEO of OWN! Netflix raises prices! R.I.P. Sherwood Schwartz.: After the coffee. Bef... 
 Don't Knock the Rock: Films for the vinyl crowd 
 Appreciation: Sherwood Schwartz, 1916-2011 
 Emmy preview: HBO's 'Boardwalk Empire' a likely drama series nominee 
 Halle Berry stalker suspect arrested after third alleged trespass in three days 
 Beyoncé fired father Mathew Knowles after Live Nation accused him of theft, he alleges in lawsuit 
 Electronic Arts snaps up PopCap for $750 million in cash and stock: Electronic Arts Inc. on Tuesday said it has ... 
 Emmy nominations preview: What will be in ... and out? 
 Tom Felton makes tongue-in-cheek post-'Potter' plans 
 Netflix hikes prices for many consumers with separate pricing for DVDs, streaming:  Netflix consumers who like to ... 
 On Location: Woody Allen embarks on a Roman adventure:  Woody Allen, the Brooklyn-born director who defined New Yo... 
 Can Kyra Sedgwick cop another Emmy for 'The Closer'? 
 Sherwood Schwartz, 'Gilligan's Island' and 'Brady Bunch' creator, dead at 94 
 Emma Watson talks 'Harry Potter' at the 'Deathly Hallows' premiere 
 Alleged stalker arrested at actress Halle Berry's home 
 News Corp. approves $5-billion stock buyback 
 News Corp. approves $5-billion stock buyback:  With its stock price being hammered by investors in the wake of the... 
 The Morning Fix: News Corp. drama takes more twists! What's new with Vuguru? Critics fight for 'Men of a Certain A... 
 Reliance and Digital Domain partner to open new studios in U.K. and India:  Hollywood is becoming even more relian... 
 Arnold Schwarzenegger will make a new stand 
 Album review: Ashton Shepherd's 'Where Country Grows' 
 Album review: Eleanor Friedberger's 'Last Summer' 
 News Corp.'s British debacle shines spotlight on U.S. operations: With the phone-hacking scandal that took down Ne... 
 Cheat Sheet: 'Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 2' 
 FCC bureau finds that Comcast discriminated against Tennis Channel: The Federal Communications Commission enforcem... 
 Halle Berry: Trespasser rings twice at her West Hollywood home 
 Is DirecTV's $30 movie rental test a flop of 'Ishtar'-like proportions? 
 'Curb Your Enthusiasm' could be snubbing the Emmys 
 Jonah Hill: Losing weight isn't a 'fun endeavor,' but it's important 
 'Real Housewives of New Jersey' recap: Three ladies flailing 
 Potential list of suitors for AMC Networks should go beyond usual suspects: 
 Victoria Beckham has a baby girl: Harper Seven Beckham 
 Investors claim 'a culture run amok' at Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. 
 In lawsuit, investors claim 'a culture run amok' at Rupert Murdoch's News Corp.: The News of the World phone-hacki... 
 Indiana Jones, Superman and Bond: Vic Armstrong's life in stunts 
 'True Blood' recap: Sookie, Snooki, lost memories and one dead fairy 
 'Harry Potter's' Emma Watson says 'Nothing would shock me now' 
 The Morning Fix: 'News of the World' gone, but scandal lives on. 'Horrible Bosses' fires up viewers. Beware spoile... 
 Live review: Eddie Vedder at the Wiltern 
 Kate Hudson gives birth: It's a boy! 
 'Fast Five' rolls over the $600-million mark at the global box office: 
 Box Office: 'Transformers' is No. 1 again, but 'Horrible Bosses' and 'Zookeeper' hold their own 
 Box Office: 'Transformers' is No. 1 again, but newcomers 'Horrible Bosses' and 'Zookeeper' hold their own: 
 Kate and William win big with polo appearance 
 Outfest: 'Vacation!' -- bikinis included -- comes to you 
 Vince Gilligan and the strange world of 'Breaking Bad' 
 News Corp. media properties give less play than others to British tabloid scandal 
 Poll: Which Beyonce song from '4' will get a best record Grammy nod? 
 Is Hollywood quietly giving its stars the NBA and NFL lockout treatment? 
 News of the World: News Corp., competitors may as well be covering different scandals: The phone-hacking scandal... 
 'Alphas' creator Zak Penn: 'They're super but they're not heroic' 
 Zynga's IPO filing shows dog-eat-dog world of social games: Zynga Inc.'s bid to raise $1 billion through an init... 
 'Octomom' kids raise exponential havoc on 'Today' show 
 News Corp. shares hammered in wake of British phone hacking scandal: Shares in Rupert Murdoch's empire, News Cor... 
 TV review: 'A Fairly Odd Movie: Grow Up, Timmy Turner' on Nickelodeon 
 Q&A: 'Torchwood: Miracle Day' showrunner talks new season 
 New Outkast record rumored; Andre 3000 still may portray Jimi Hendrix 
 'Trigun: Badlands Rumble' breathes new life into anime series 
 William and Kate will bed down in Hancock Park during L.A. visit 
 Kevin James quarrels with his 'gorilla' costar on 'The Tonight Show' 
 Harry Smith jumps from CBS to NBC News 
 Not much demand yet for premium video-on-demand:  The recent public flap between theater owners and studios over... 
 Oprah Winfrey as Oscar host? 
 The Morning Fix: News Corp. pulls plug on News of World! Box office comedy battle. Can Web save soaps?: After th... 
 Jonah Hill and Mark Wahlberg look to become a 21st century Murtaugh and Riggs 
 Movie Projector: 'Transformers' expected to crush 'Zookeeper' and 'Horrible Bosses' 
 Jaycee Dugard talks about giving birth in Phillip Garrido's backyard 
 Judge nixes settlement in case against Ticketmaster fees, sets trial date: The trial must go on.
 Moving soaps from TV to Web: Easier said than done 
 Moving soaps from TV to Web: Easier said than done: 
 Michael Rapaport s quest: To give Tribe its due 
 News Corp.'s News of the World debacle will have big aftershocks: With advertisers fleeing fast in the wake of s... 
 Movie review: 'Zookeeper' 
 Is there a reality show gig in Casey Anthony's future? 
 'All My Children,' 'One Life to Live' to get an Internet afterlife 
 Movie Projector: 'Transformers' expected to crush newcomers 'Zookeeper' and 'Horrible Bosses':  After wreaking h... 
 Horrible bosses on film and television 
 Harry Potter stars, fans take over Trafalgar Square for 'Deathly Hallows -- Part 2' premiere 
 Suzanne Kolb tapped as president of E! channel: Marketing stylista Suzanne Kolb was named president of E! Entert... 
 Kenneth Turan's film pick of the week: 'Terri' 
 Entertainment giants and broadband providers team up on piracy effort 
 Watch the 'Harry Potter' world premiere streaming live from London 
 Entertainment giants and broadband providers team up on piracy effort: A coalition comprised of movie and televi... 
 'America's Got Talent' recap: What happened in Vegas 
 The Morning Fix: Paramount gets animated. CNN shows Eliot Spitzer the door. Heat intensifies on News Corp.: Afte... 
 Around Town: Ian Birnie's swan song at LACMA and more 
 Entertainment companies, guilds make new website to promote anti-piracy effort 
 With sequel, 'Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs' looks to continue its rain 
 No more Sean Penn poison darts: Hollywood's top conservative gunslinger flees town 
 Album sales eke out first gain in seven years, says Nielsen:  Paying for music, which seemed so passe in the fil... 
 Willie Nelson's weed-related plea deal rejected by a Texas judge 
 Entertainment companies, guilds make new website to promote anti-piracy effort: A coalition of the major media c... 
 'Dexter' will submit these six episodes in Emmy race for best drama series 
 Robert Mitchum westerns showcased at the Hammer 
 Hulu rehearses its sales pitch: more video;  more subscribers: Now that Hulu is on the auction block, its media ... 
 Beyoncé lands in Billboard's top spot with '4' 
 Paramount's new animation division spells likely end for DreamWorks deal 
 Paramount's new animation division spells likely end for DreamWorks deal:  Paramount Pictures is launching its o... 
 NBC announces its fall premiere dates 
 James Spader joins 'The Office' 
 Lucky Dragons premiere new mix on Pop & Hiss 
 Spotify jumps the gun: Coming "soon" to U.S., albeit no deal (yet) with Warner Music: The Swedish are coming! Spot... 
 2011 Anime Expo: More costumes per capita than Halloween Town 
 The Morning Fix:  HLN prepares for life without Tot Mom. Sun Valley invaded by moguls. Twitter is worth what?: Aft... 
 'Transformers: Dark of the Moon': Is 3-D back or is it just, well, an illusion? 
 'America's Got Talent' has top summer ratings but no Emmys 
 Nancy Grace says 'the devil is dancing' at Casey Anthony verdict 
 A conversation with Brian Eno: 'We are all singing. We call it speech, but we're singing to each other' 
 Nancy Grace says 'the devil is dancing' at Casey Anthony verdict 
 Linkin Park to play 'secret' show for top fundraisers in Japanese earthquake-tsunami relief challenge* [Updated] 
 Casey Anthony trial ends with -- a flurry of Kim Kardashian tweets? 
 On Location: Filming activity in L.A. crawls in the second quarter 
 On Location: Filming activity in L.A. crawls in the second quarter: Filming outside of major studio soundstages ... 
 Weston Cage, wife Nikki Williams arrested on felony domestic violence charges 
 Album review: Brian Eno's 'Drums Between the Bells' 
 Dwight Yoakam returns to Warners, new album slated for early 2012 
 Album review: Lloyd's 'King of Hearts' 
 ESPN aces Comcast for Wimbledon rights:  Walt Disney Co.'s ESPN served up an ace to beat out Comcast for the tel... 
 Essence Festival: Acts new and old keep the Superdome shaking 
 Secret Service investigates hacking of Fox News Twitter account 
 The Morning Fix: ESPN to serve up Wimbledon! 'Transformers' rules world. HBO needs to put a top on.: After the c... 
 Netflix to launch in Latin America later this year 
 Netflix to launch in Latin America later this year:  Netflix is headed south.
 Hacker tweets fake Obama assassination through Fox News' account 
 KCET creates new identity after PBS 
 'Harry Potter' production designer on destroying Hogwarts 
 'Food Network Star': The dearly departed Justin D. 
 Fourth 'Pirates of the Caribbean' tops $1 billion in ticket sales: 
 'Harry Potter's' Daniel Radcliffe admits past drinking problem 
 Remembering legendary Cleveland rock critic Jane Scott 
 Box Office: 'Transformers,' a U.S. hit, soars even higher abroad 
 Box Office: 'Transformers,' a U.S. hit, soars even higher abroad:  “Transformers: Dark of the Moon” demolished i... 
 'True Blood': Werepanthers, witches and psychopathic frat boys, oh my! 
 Essence Music Festival: Fantasia, Jennifer Hudson and Usher take on the main stage 
 Essence Music Festival: An appreciative Kanye West toasts New Orleans crowd 
 NBCUniversal completes takeover of Universal Orlando theme parks:  It's now all part of the Wizarding World of C... 
 AMC Networks doesn't make killing in first day as public company: 
 Comcast extends employment contract for CEO Brian Roberts:  Cable television giant Comcast Corp. has extended by... 
 Report: Earnings for WGA screenwriters fell 10% in 2010: The story line was grim for most of Hollywood's screenw... 
 HBO, you're busted 
 Google Inc. in preliminary talks to buy Hulu 
 'Harry Potter': Emma Watson's Hermione Granger through the years 
 Zynga files long-awaited IPO plan, hopes to raise $1 billion:  Zynga Inc. finally lobbed its long-awaited bid to... 
 Google Inc. in preliminary talks to buy Hulu:  Google Inc. is in preliminary talks to buy online video pioneer H... 
 The Morning Fix: Mark Halperin pulls a Spicoli! AOL bags MoviePass. Scripps not for sale.: After the coffee. Bef... 
 'So You Think You Can Dance': Titles mean nothing 
 Movie Projector: 'Transformers' will detonate competition at holiday box office 
 William and Kate arrive in Canada to a warm welcome 
 Lady Gaga's 'Born This Way' sags in sales 
 Starz cancels medievel drama 'Camelot' 
 Chris Hansen of 'To Catch a Predator' caught on hidden camera 
 Francis Ford Coppola to show portions of 'Twixt' at Comic-Con 
 Movie Review: 'Larry Crowne' is hollow and shockingly unconvincing 
 Dolly Parton takes on Harold Camping and end-of-time predictions in new song 'In the Meantime' 
 Tim Burton: Nine monster movies that inspired him 
 Movie Projector: 'Transformers' will detonate competition at holiday box office: 
 Huddle up, NFL, so we can call your media plays: The National Football League has a lot on its plate right now, ... 
 'So You Think You Can Dance': Shut the front door 
 Digital diva Hatsune Miku makes her U.S. debut at Anime Expo 
 Keith Olbermann's show tweaks MSNBC on Twitter: Search for MSNBC on Twitter and you know what comes up at the to... 
 Tom Hanks on charm offensive for 'Larry Crowne,' loves the way Kevin Bacon smells 
 Highland Park's Bodies of Water make a sudden return to the surface with a fuller sound 
 'Harry Potter': 'Deathly Hallows' London premiere will apparate online 
 Box office: 'Transformers: Dark of the Moon' lagging in U.S. but booming overseas:   Optimus Prime is downshifti... 
 MSNBC analyst Mark Halperin suspended after calling President Obama a profane name 
 Director of Sarah Palin documentary 'The Undefeated' says he will release an uncut version 
 'The Voice' finale recap: and the winner is... 
 The Morning Fix: Can Justin do what Rupert couldn't and fix Myspace? 'Transformers' off to solid start.: After t... 
 Justin Timberlake scores his own social network: a piece of Myspace 
 'Twilight Saga: Eclipse' scores 12 Teen Choice Award nominations 
 Jill Scott debuts at No. 1 and discusses how she 'stopped believing in love' 
 A pop-up studio for would-be Scorseses 
 Sony promotes Andrew House; PlayStation 'father' Ken Kutaragi retires: Sony Corp. promoted Andrew House as presi... 
 'Real World' alum David 'Puck' Rainey arrested for domestic violence 
 Emma Watson and Tom Felton? The 'Harry Potter' romance that could have been 
 Live review: Rihanna at Staples Center 
 Randy Falco promoted to CEO of Univision Communications: Univision Communications Inc. has a new boss: Randy Fal... 
 Beyoncé '4' promo push: Delay in bonus content irks buyers 
 Myspace sold to Orange County-based ad network:  Myspace, once the dominant social networking site on the Intern... 
 'WarGames' reboot director: 'It's a more plausible chain of events now' 
 Box office: 3rd 'Transformers' opens strong but below 2nd 'Transformers' 
 Box office: 3rd 'Transformers' opens strong but below 2nd 'Transformers':  The Transformers have changed shape i... 
 Tea Leoni, David Duchovny are separated once again 
 The Morning Fix: Myspace nightmare near end for News Corp. Wednesday is becoming the new Thursday.: After the co... 
 'The Voice' recap: Finalists, weirdness and iTunes domination 
 'Puck' from MTV's 'Real World' arrested in domestic violence case 
 On Location: 'Welcome to People' bids farewell to L.A. with a surge in film shoots 
 'Harry Potter': Visual effects wizard says 3-D is 'very, very good' in final film 
 On Location: 'Welcome to People' bids farewell to L.A. with a surge in film shoots: Chris Pine, Olivia Wilde and... 
 O, say can you write an anthem? 
 Will the new 'Law and Order: SVU' stars become Emmy champs? 
 On Location: Report shows state film tax credits pumped $3.8 billion into California's economy 
 Slacker replaces CBS in deal to power AOL Radio:  Slacker Inc., a San Diego online music company, has ousted CBS... 
 'Transformers: Dark of the Moon': Watch the New York premiere 
 Sony trims CEO Howard Stringer pay by 16%, approves Kazuo Hirai promotion:  Sony Corp. Chief Executive Howard St... 
 'Larry Crowne' premiere: Tom Hanks makes a peppy entrance 
 Martin Short joining 'How I Met Your Mother' 
 News Corp. narrows bidders for MySpace: Orange County advertising network Specific Media and Bay Area private eq... 
 Matt Loeb of IATSE charts a more aggressive path:  Members of the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Emp... 
 Album review: Beyonce's '4' pushes at the edges of pop 
 Mark Gill named president of Millennium Films:  Just a month after his independent venture, the Film Department,... 
 John Lasseter, David Yates to be honored by BAFTA Los Angeles 
 Shia LaBeouf talks off-screen romance with Megan Fox 
 Open Road Films signs pay TV deal with Netflix: Open Road Films has become the latest independent movie company ... 
 Live chat with 'Bad Teacher' director Jake Kasdan and star Phyllis Smith 
 Film tax credits pumped $3.8 billion into California economy in 2 years, report says: California's film tax cred... 
 'The Bachelorette' recap: J.P. becomes the front-runner 
 Poll: Conspiracy behind the Rihanna-Chris Brown fiasco at BET Awards? 
 Newsweek's 'Diana at 50' cover: Shocking, brilliant or just plain cheap? 
 The Morning Fix: 'Grand Theft Auto' for everyone. Meyer gets new deal. Sun Valley hype picks up steam.: After th... 
 Kanye West's G.O.O.D. Music label inks deal with Def Jam 
 'Harry Potter': Neville Longbottom is a 'beaten, battered war veteran' 
 Fresh spin on Buddy Holly 
 Anne Hathaway: the Catwoman workout, forgiveness for Franco 
 'Law & Order: SVU' squad gets two new detectives 
 Chris Brown, Rihanna BET Award mix-up was 'human error' 
 'Don't Be Afraid of the Dark' premiere: Katie Holmes, Guillermo del Toro, Bailee Madison shine the light 
 Melissa Gorga on her feud with 'RHONJ's' Teresa Giudice 
 NFL going forward with plans for another TV package: The National Football League is going ahead with plans to i... 
 Katzenberg chatty on 3-D and 'Kung Fu Panda 2,' silent on HBO and Paramount 
 On Location: Local production up as TV networks gear up for fall: Local production around the Los Angeles area i... 
 'Modern Family' stars may help each other to win the Emmy again 
 San Diego's Johnny Rad Fest returns for its fourth year 
 Leighton Meester and her mama drama: Trading lawsuits 
 No cable? You'll have to wait eight days to see Fox shows on Hulu: Fox has become the first broadcast network to... 
 Jesse James, Kat Von D call off engagement, end relationship 
 Katzenberg chatty on 3-D and 'Kung Fu Panda 2,' silent on HBO and Paramount:  Jeffrey Katzenberg punted question... 
 Rudolph Giuliani, Dick Cheney to appear in Smithsonian 9/11 special 
 Must Amy Winehouse be crowded into the '27 Club'? 
 Nexstar files antitrust lawsuit against Granite: While local television stations compete against each other for ... 
 Disney makes offer to buy Indian media company UTV:  The Walt Disney Co. has made a $454 million offer to acquir... 
 'Friends with Benefits': The romcom takes a postmodern turn 
 Peter Chernin unveils movies, TV shows -- but continues to stalk Silicon Valley: Silicon Valley holds a certain ... 
 Wal-Mart adds streaming video to its website: 
 Fidlar premieres video for 'Wait for the Man,' plays the El Rey Tuesday 
 Bono, U2 doc will open Toronto International Film Festival 
 Grant Morrison, Gerard Way talk 'Supergods' in L.A. 
 Amy Winehouse funeral: Kelly Osbourne attends, cremation follows 
 IATSE and Fremantle sign new pact: Fremantle, the production company behind Fox's "American Idol" and the upcomi... 
 Kat Von D storms off 'Good Day L.A.' after Jesse James clip 
 CBS, Netflix extend partnership to Canada and Latin America: Beginning in September, Netflix customers in Canada... 
 Dan Peek dies at 60; founding member of the band America 
 'The Avengers' and the Hulk: Kevin Feige explains a new approach 
 'Alien' guest essay: Looking back in horror to 1979 
 The Morning Fix: Fox wants verification. Emma Stone!: After the coffee. Before hoping 'The Walking Dead' will st... 
 Katzenberg chatty on 3-D and 'Kung Fu Panda 2,' silent on HBO and Paramount 
 On Location: Local production up as TV networks gear up for fall: Local production around the Los Angeles area i... 
 'Modern Family' stars may help each other to win the Emmy again 
 San Diego's Johnny Rad Fest returns for its fourth year 
 Leighton Meester and her mama drama: Trading lawsuits 
 No cable? You'll have to wait eight days to see Fox shows on Hulu: Fox has become the first broadcast network to... 
 Jesse James, Kat Von D call off engagement, end relationship 
 Katzenberg chatty on 3-D and 'Kung Fu Panda 2,' silent on HBO and Paramount:  Jeffrey Katzenberg punted question... 
 Rudolph Giuliani, Dick Cheney to appear in Smithsonian 9/11 special 
 Must Amy Winehouse be crowded into the '27 Club'? 
 Nexstar files antitrust lawsuit against Granite: While local television stations compete against each other for ... 
 Disney makes offer to buy Indian media company UTV:  The Walt Disney Co. has made a $454 million offer to acquir... 
 'Friends with Benefits': The romcom takes a postmodern turn 
 Peter Chernin unveils movies, TV shows -- but continues to stalk Silicon Valley: Silicon Valley holds a certain ... 
