 Consolidated my Twitter accounts and swapped usernames. Please refollow  and I'll return the favor! This account = inactive.
 Houston area schools using RFID chips in ID cards to track students on campus  Wow, what an absolutely terrible idea.
 The plight of the modern journalist - "from a member of a large institution to a would-be Internet 'brand.'” 
 Officials now say bodies of two victims have been recovered at plane crash site:  A sad day in Austin, Texas.
 If you haven't seen it yet, wonderful/heartbreaking/uplifting profile of Roger Ebert by Chris Jones at Esquire: 
 NYT: Creator of popular webcam chat site Chatroulette is a 17-year-old high school student from Russia 
 Inside the world of the AP Stylebook 
 Confused Facebook users think ReadWriteWeb is the new Facebook login page:  (via 
 RT  How Dave and Jay got together for that ad: Mr. Late Night Bill Carter has the scoop. 
  Thanks for the recommendation...someone else suggested that one as well. It's at the top of my list.
  Thanks for the recs. I know of dreamhost but have not heard of bluehost. I'll look into them.
 Can anyone recommend a reliable low/no cost web hosting option for my personal site? Must support Wordpress and a custom domain name.
  Thanks for the recommendations. Which one do you suggest I start with?
  Thanks...that's what I've heard. But I've also heard he gets some facts wrong. I'll have to give it a read when I have the time.
  Thanks for the RTs.
 Good afternoon! Has anyone read The Great Deluge by Douglas Brinkley? Or have other books/articles on Hurricane Katrina to recommend?
 CNN headline: "Confusion and fear at Toyota dealerships" | What an absolute PR disaster for Toyota.  
 Hey! My former podcasting classmate and current Statesman intern Emily is in this video about Whole Foods on the cheap: 
  These look really helpful...thanks!
  No, thank you! Us wordsmiths have to stick together.
  Awesome! InDesign isn't nearly as difficult to use as I expected it to be, but good layout is a fine art nonetheless.
 For those not in Austin, here's an overview of the recent decision to close UT's beloved music venue, the Cactus Cafe. 
 Learning the ins and outs of Adobe InDesign in my editing class. I've watched layout people use it many times, but never tried it myself.
 Talk of iPad saving journalism in class today. But who will pay for the content when they can still use Safari to dial it up for free?
