  We'll see soon.
  Appreciate it my dude.
  Thank you.
  Hell yeah!
  Good look my brother. I think I'm already catching up with the drinking.
  Hopefully one day this knowledge would benefit me.
  I love you so much and thank you for being you.
  Thank you sweetie means a lot.
  Cause yellow is your favorite color and roses are your favorite flower.
 Thank the Lord for allowing me to see 21 years on this earth cause tomorrow is not promised to any of us.
  I figured that.
  You already know and I saw your tweet about some roses, did someone get them for you?
  Remind me to whoop your ass next time I see you okay?
  Getting older and it needed to be done and I'm glad you liked it.
  Yeah I did.
  You already paid your dues then my nigga.
 That Everclear burned the shit out of my nose just now.
  Hell yeah that is why we need to go.
  Damn I'm not going top be close then lol I need two more years.
  Yay!
  I know I was messing with you.
  I'm unfollowing your ass now.
  Thank you sweetie I appreciate the love.
  Yep tomorrow.
 I love  .
  That is pretty weird but hey it's different.
  Your bitch be trying to hard to do that lil' nigga.
  It wasn't a joke lame.
  That's what's up and it's the 30th.
  Glad to know.
  Shut your broke ass up.
  Good how about yours?
 I'm on a race to get a Challenger before 
  They was hard don't front and I'm surprised you remembered my birthday.
   And they play at Detroit this year so I'm going to at least one Panthers game this year.
  Ready for this shit to be over man. You done with classes yet?
  What I say wrong?
  You know you more than welcomed my nigga.
 Niggas be  out here in these streets.
  Man I love my shit dog! It would be my favorite thing in the world if it could grill me a steak.
  Alright cool.
  I know that now but how does 12/11 sound in Charlotte sound?
 G-Unit did have the game on lock for a little minute. I thought them niggas was going to take shit over for real.
   Well sir I called last night about the Falcons vs. Panthers game.
   He won';t return your call no time soon cause I called him last night.
 Plans on going downtown tonight, fail.
 I love a girl who has some street in her.
  Tell them homey.
 Last few hours under age.
 My niece and nephew 
 I hate dumb ass parents. I have more sense than this 40-year old woman.
 RT  TGIF=Thank God I'm Fly!
  Thank you for the early birthday day present.
  I saw them and you are looking nice as usual.
 Hope my brother  enjoys himself this weekend.
 I'm never buying another broad flowers.
  Thank you beautiful ;)
  Yeah I feel you and that is whack but shit hapopens; 
  Yes I do.
  He told me and it was legit. I thought you were talking about a specific instance.
  I'm going to be strong and not cry but it is hard.
  What he do?
  You going to make me some?
 I swear I be missing my homeys like crazy and it sucks cause I got so many and they are all over the country and one was over seas.
  photos always get removed before I can see them; 
 I'm getting threw tonight and that is a promise.
  Oh shit this is a surprise how are you doing these days?
  That is pretty sad but I'm sure your French toast is awesome though.
  Follow me bro so I can send you my number.
  Yeah man that's what I said.
 Just killed a huge roach. Damn I hate roaches.
 The Patriots got Chad, well damn.
 
  In SC bro, where you at?
 Drunk as shit.
 RT   would i wife up a bitch my homies done dogged.. he did it for a reason
  Realest shit ever tweeted.
  Lol bro you a fool.
  I trend to have that effect on woman they love me for some reason.
 Trying to look good for  
  Lol why you say yes?
  No prob boo and what part where they from?
 I'm going to post a pic just cause  was looking good in her last one.
  You look very pretty.
 I'm trying to get wavy tonight.
  Had to do it and I feel you but I may grow mine back in Grad school, I haven't decided yet.
 Just got off the phone with  and  momma and she just made me smile I love that lady.
  Yeah bro chopped them yesterday.
 I do miss my hair though.
  My spot.
  Bring your ass over later.
  Me too bro.
 This chick offered to part for my haircuts as long as I keep cutting it.
  Where you move to and why you move back?
 RT  CTS days were dope shit man.  to my CTS fam!
 He can lay it down but I'mma beat it up.
  The same bro getting ready to graduate. How is shit back home?
  That was a good one homey *Reaches for straight jacket*
   What about me man?
  What do you wrap a cloud with?
  What's been good my dude?
 Off this protein shake.
  Send me a couple please.
  I sent it to you.
 We got De back!
  What well I stand corrected.
  T.O. not going to be there so stop that foolishness.
   Them a must have sneaker.
  That sounds like a plan and I haven't forgot about the games you owe me.
  That nigga is so chatty for that.
  When you going to come to MI and fuck with me bro?
  Yes ma'am.
 I still don't have any numbers in my new phone.
  You already know and text me so I can have your number.
 I love to spark and listen to some slow shit.
  Our school administration sucks.
  That's my boo getting it in.
  Let me know if you get through.
  Cause I know the truth.
  How am I crazy?
  Why you want to fuck me up?
  Alright we can get it cracking then.
  I do what's good?
  No prob I know the feeling so I understand.
  Lol trying to get like you bro.
  No need to thank me just stating the obvious.
  Are you feeling better?
  is insisting on lying to me for whatever reason.
 Now following  and damn is she a looker.
  That be the best though.
 That little ab workout wasn't no joke.
  I know and that is a guarantee she would be just give me 10 minutes.
 My lady likes my hair so that is all that matters.
  How come you can't I haven't bullshitted you yet so why would I now?
  She just don't want to get strung out on a nigga so I can't blame her.
  Thank Miss I appreciate the compliment.
  is a professional pump faker, ain't that right 
 Repping  for a minute now but I'm getting traded to  soon enough.
 RT  s/0 to   in di bit
  Play with Heat cause you are going to get blown out if you use anyone else.
  I know you do.
  Trust me you'll see one next game.
  Yeah man I loved my hair but time for something new.
 That picture has a 100 plus views.
  Yes ma'am I did.
  Why you say that bro?
 Now my Ma saying I shouldn't have cut my hair.
  Thank you and why you say that?
 RT  Why was McD's such a delicacy to us as youngins... Nahdays I will kill for a home cooked meal.
  Thanks sweetie.
  Lol believe me bro.
 Had to do it 
  Alright.
  How send me a link or something.
 Damn I missed my 5000th tweet by 66.
  Okay and yeah what about him?
  Lol you only going to use this as an excuse.
 I feel a necessary change about to take place.
  You are a bad friend smh.
  You joking right and yeah I did.
  Lol if you say so and yeah I tried but to no avail and yeah that nigga is unstoppable.
  What's good?
  It's cool cause I know how to play you now I just need to get my shooter's right;
  Yep you did and I hope you don't miss mines.
  I already know you weren't.
  You right but I didn't get in until 3:00 so I didn't bother you.
  Let's play now.
  Miss you too boss even though I told you tip come through the other day.
  Lol you beat my ass but I, ned more D cause their team defense was abominable.
 That nigga  is going jan and it's too dinghy right now.
 About to clap  in hoop.
  It is very funny and check the other i just posted.
 Hugest cock block ever: 
 This is ridiculous: 
 Marathon on that paper baby I be running shit.
  Finger
   MoneyOnMyMind90
 Big bank take little bank.
 On the real when I focus in I'm not going to lose 98% of the time.
  I do what's good?
  Let's play.
 Smelling and looking good.
  Give 15 bro and we can do it.
 I'm a made nigga.
  I'm talking for very long periods of time.
 Is it fair to assume if someone doesn't call you that they aren't thinking about you?
  Me too homey and you know we got to go hard our Senior year.
  It's going good just making this money. You ready for school?
  You straight just holler at me when you free.
 Talked to my older brother today and we haven't talked I'm forever. Most purple font know I have two brothers.
  How is your summer going Jada?
  We'll see bro and shoot me a text.
  Yeah it was a few weeks ago and I understand about you being busy.
  I didn't know that but I can respect the Steelers and I think they will badge then this year.
  I'm so disappointed in you for this bro, the Buckeyes ain't no good.
 And it is about the  in college.
 And it is about the 1
  Watch both my teams make the playoffs bro.
 You know it is all about those  and  come football season.
  I was saying you were supposed to shoot me a text.
  and I had a ball in DC.
  was supposed tip holler at me but never did; 
 Headed back to Clemson.
  I know and I've been good, how about yourself?
  Damn homey it's been s minute how you been?
  No prob and you coming down this weekend?
 I'm off 12 hours of sleep this entire weekend but I had fun.
 
  I just got to my hotel room.
 We aren't getting back for a while cause we are stuck on the highway and we just hit a car while backing up.
 I can't stand a girl who bitches and she not your girl; 
 Just played two 90 point words.
  Sorry about your loss.
  I'm not being weird.
  I'm going to send you a picture.
  I'm crying over here.
 Does spam have to ruin every social networking site?
 At this truck stop and they have a short Mexican man who can't speak English working there.
 RT  I mean I Love shoes, but seriously, a wannabe (HypeBeast) is not gonna take my size away from me because of popularity.
 Starving.
  Don't be man you'll be back soon enough.
 It has been fun 
 A lot of shit on my mind.
 Glad rio know my bro  is doing alright for himself and got a good woman on his side, you can't best that.
  I be drinking it straight bro; 
 Ciroc = Winning
  Lol even better.
  How ever old he is I hope he does you right.
 These Maryland niggas just tried to play me just now and the only reason they didn't get their ass beat is cause I got too much to lose.
  Text me bro.
  Damn homey that is old as shit.
  Thirty is pretty old.
  I to laugh to keep ask the bullshit from surfacing and tell her to text me.
 Trying to get into some shit.
  That it's the truth brother.
  Welp....
  Text me why.
  Why?
 A lot of girls I know are useless unless they are naked; 
  You look nice Miss.
 Shoutout to my brother  for his birthday today. Live it up bro and take a few shots for me.
  is on her way to see me even though she doesn't have my package.
  My bad and I'm good now I finally got a decent amount of sleep. I'll be back in the room around 8:00.
  We will as long as you don't nail on me.
 This museum is boring now.
 Headed to a museum.
  That is that dedication. I'm doing better and I'm going to be there with you soon enough.
  I feel you cause I do too. How long you been at it?
 Getting no sleep is catching up with me.
 I see  been in the gym, I see you bro.
  Text me when you can cause I'm trying to do something tonight.
  I think you would but you tell me what you would say.
 I don't care who you are, when someone tells you they love you it makes you feel good.
 My grandad called me and made me feel good.
 I just this old dude tweet this lady and say "Lets get busy"; 
  Are you at home?
 Still so sleepy.
 I can't do white people parties, not for me.
  Yep really. Would you say yes?
 Lincoln chilling 
 Barrack's Crib 
 If  wasn't my best friend's sister, she would be my girlfriend.
 Captain America was the shit!
 DC hotels got a mean swag.
 The down side is that they are rude.
 The women in DC are beyond gorgeous.
  Uh no I'm going to see Captain America.
  Make sure you do and get my number from Brijan.
 I'm taking  advice and going to the movies.
 It is unbelievably hot right now.
  Fuck no!
 About to smash this  real quick.
  I might do that that doesn't sound like a bad idea at all.
 Far from arrogant but I am a rather handsome young man.
  You trying to go out tonight?
  I just got done swimming.
 I'm taking suggestions on what I should do later today, y'all help me out.
  It is and it is a very strong one at that.
 Dude said he was going top stop smoking weed for a while but he is doing opium.
 I don't know what to do today but I need to get up out this room I know that.
 Why am I up :-\
 On that tip I'm going to sleep. Y'all be easy.
 If you can't see yourself spending your life with them, then why date them?
 I can't believe I turn 21 next week.
 Just got in having a ball already.
 Shoutout to the homey   for showing me a good time my first night here.
 Show up to the party v and as soon as we get here the cops are on the way; 
 Getting it in with the homey 
 So whats good in the   this weekend?
 RT  1990 >
 No shirt no shoes no swag having ass-nigga.
 I wanna get next to you.....
  No prob bro and I was just about to thank  for putting me on that Stuey Rock.
 Shoutout to  for letting me charge my phone on her laptop.
  Okay and I can't wait to get there and chill.
 I hate that I'm always in the go and I never get to just sit back and chill and enjoy my people.
  On the 9th.
  Oh we staying in Greenbelt.
  Going to the space station.
  That's real rap even though	I'm about to turn 21.
  It is ridiculously hot for no reason.
 Just got to Columbia now off to Baltimore.
  Thanks bro and when you going back home?
  No how is it?
 Baltimore bound.
  Okay I thought I heard them day it was there.
  I think they play in LA.
  and I are the flyest duo under 21.
 Up washing clothes early.
  You got to follow me bro.
  Shoot me a text I just got a new phone.
  What's good bro?
  Okay will do.
  I don't  know but I don't think until late and I'm staying in Greenbelt.
  I know that's why you had me laughing.
  There are very few things I would consider a bigger waste of money.
  Please don't get one lol.
 the fridge the bug is there staring at me and I was creeped the fuck out.
 Hisses and I thought it was b gone do I go to the fridge and get something to drink. I then go rio the bathroom and when I get back to
 Being a dummy when I left my room I left the.door open and when I get back there is a huge bug in the doorway. I throw a hanger at it and
  Yeah I would cause you made me stop a while back.
  Wait what you talking about?
  Me too I thought I was the only one.
 Niggas is really hounding mr about some shoes.
  Can you please inform   as to when he can scurvy his shoes.
  Iver never been stung but I know that shit hurt.
   Today I needed more than luck but thanks anyway man.
 This is why I shouldn't go that long without hooping.
 About to go and hoop and I haven't played in two weeks. Wish me luck.
  That's what's up and it's interesting.
  It sure as hell is.
 I can't believe I'm about to turn 21.
  Physics.
  You damn skippy Darby.
 This dude got hoed something serious: 
  I know we will.
  Of course anything else wouldn't be right and I'm at South Carolina State.
  I would love you again if you did that.
  Lol why you say that and you already know it's going down.
  How far is that?
  Yeah.
  You already know. What's good tomorrow night?
  How about you bake cupcakes?
  I appreciate that because I'm writing a book one day and that's going to be the title.
  I'm just being logical. What you sending me for my birthday?
  You should have quoted me in this one.
 I need to get my hair twisted again.
   Phil is right Tracey, just accept it.
  That's my nigga.
  Nope I won't be back until the 9th. You still at Mott?
 So I'm walking down the hallway and this dude is scratching his ass with no remorse in the middle of the hall; 
  Chilling bro and making this money, what about you?
 Where my nigga  be at?
 Whatever happened to Rap Snacks?
 These people in my program are selfish.
 What it's there to watch on tv?
  Damn I forgot what I replied too.
  You do go take a nap lol.
  You look tired.
  Why you say that?
  Of course but if she is already equipped that's a plus.
 If your girl knows how to roll up, she is a keeper.
 You a Yankees vs. Red Sox gams a SELLOUT!
  Lol no I didn't you my homey I wouldn't do that.
  That's why it won't happen bro, too much like right.
 And it wouldn't be any girls left for the rest of these dudes.
 I wish my homies from school could meet my homies back home but then that would be too many real niggas together.
 I want to blow one with my niggas right now.
 Today was a good day.
  Text me.
 Even though she goes to A&T,  is sports welcome on my time line.
  Yeah they make it so dramatic like they are holding on for dear life lol.
  Lol I try man but that commercial is so dumb.
  I think that one is worse.
  Who is crazy?
 I hate that this Scooter Store commercial has people looking happy that they can't walk.
 I actually did some work today I'm proud of myself.
  Thank you.
 I'm good with a scalpel 
  I'm sure I will but I just wanted to be angry for a while.
  it look scary.
  That's what I said bro.
  Lol I was at this meat processing place.
  It is puppet at this meat place and it is super creepy.
 Tell me this shit not creepy 
 St this near processing place and it is making me lose my appetite.
  That is disgusting.
  My patience it's too thin to handle that and I don't want to get arrested.
 I ain't never ever going back to be broke.
  Cause I doubt I can feel with an emotional and bought woman all my life.
  I miss you too.
 I don't think I want to get married anymore.
 Just saw a real-life zombie.
  No comment.
   They might and how old were they?
  So they won't have babies.
 I remember in elementary I didn't like  but now that's my homey.
 I wonder who amongst my followers knows my birthday.
  This one was too easy I'm not even going to go there.
 I inherently believe that 70% of what people say is bullshit.
