 wus qood with the  wave? pin:26847141 
 Finna leave miami and qet on this cruise ship
 Wus qood twitter?
  put sum clothes on lol
 RT  Bitin my lip while ridin ;) - mmmm i love the sound of that
  ladies :)   
  done :)
 RT  Fuck this This! just give me some   - if yur in downtown miami i qot yu lol
 Onli if yu could see whats in my pants riqht now 
 Can yu handle 11" poundin deep into your walls? 
 RT  gotPIPE.com  - i qot 11" for yu
 RT  Wow I wet the bed!!!! In a good way!!!!  - im on my wat too drink it up
  its sumthin liqht baby
  hell fuccin yea
 I feel like beinq qenerous, phone number and emails in my dm box ladies and ill bless yu :) 
 RT  Eat it up b4 u beat it up  (; - dnt mind if i do
 RT    He make Me scream to the top of my lungs.! (:  - while my tonque puts in over time
  if yu want ya pussy eaten 
 RT  - H O R N Y ^_^   ! - let my tonque fix that
 RT  Whisphering In My Ear Drives Me UP THE WALL  - can i drive my tonque up yur wall?
 RT  I dnt wanna be cute tonight I wanna get nasty  - all yu need is my tonque
 Its the  weather that qot me this hornyn im not used too it 
 Ill eat ya pussy in a slow sensual manner 
 After i roll my tonque like the  siqn, dont forqet too "mention" that i was the best yu ever hadd :) 
 The neiqhbors kno my name, but they call me by my twitter name :) 
 RT   make me cum all over you. I can squirt ;) - jus direct the aim down m throat, im not a fan of biq messes
 Yu never experienced head until yu had my tonque touch the lips, walls and clit or your pussy 
 RT  Suck it an don't stop until you taste my kids    - quess we 69in then
 My dick is standin at attention :)
 RT  Let's just pull over & do it where we   - riqht in the middle of the street
 RT  I wanna put you to bed , love till yo eyes roll back ;)  - riqht after i lick yu into a minor coma
  let me show yu
   Of course it is
 RT  It's officially  time - anytime is officially time, especially with tweets like mine
 RT  bout to go in on the  with  ;) - we can make this a qroup effort, im very hunqry
 RT  I think I'm going to partake in  tonight - then saddle up on my face n take it for a test ride :)
  when stylesz puts its down 
 RT  lil dick azz nigga u better get yo head down here n eat this pussy   - i qot 11" for yu :)
 Pull my dreads while my tonque searches ya pussy for hat g spot 
 RT   - my tonque awaits yur ridin skills
 How many inches can yu take?  
 Yu ever had a niqqa vibrate his tonque on your walls? Would yu like too? 
 Cum on my dick, then clean it off :) 
 Deep stroke with my tounqe will have yu lost for words 
 I WANNA FUCK TIL YU CANT FEEL YUR LEGS 
 Can yu spin around n keep my tonque styll inside? 
 Spread them cheeks abd ill lick everythin inbetween 
 I need my dick deepthroated riqht motherfuccin now! While my face is rode  
  anyone! Im in the mood too please ladies, add my  pin:26847141 
 I need a hunny in  too cum ride this face riqht now! Lol 
  sexy fuccin ass
  leave ya number in my dm n im on it asap
  shhhhh lol
  sample :) wanna see the rest ladies?  
 Yur juices splashin aqainst ya walls while my balls hit your clit, thats some qood shit 
 Im a pusslyoloqist, i kno where too lick and stroke too make your pussy squirt 
  pin:26847141
 If yu quna touch yaself, atleast have the courtesy too let me suck on ya finqers after yu done 
 I dnt kno about slidin my dick on you ass, i miqht kill yu, but ill tonque it down no hesitation 
 Im onli eatin if ya pussy bald like amber rose head 
 I love a biq fat pussy with a fork and a spoon 
 When im hunqry, i HATE too wait, ill eat ya pussy thru ya panties if yu dnt qet them off in time 
 I dont drink, but ill qet waisted of ya juices anytime 
 Its ok if yu cant deepthroat, it is A LOT of meat baby 
 RT  Twitter over compacity > o_O - srry, thats my tweets wettin up your timeline
 I dnt eat pussy, i devour it..ima need a bib for me and a towel for you, and a asthma pump so yu can catch ya breath 
 5 licksa will have yu leakinq 
 Ill roll my tonque around ya nipples while ya pussy leaks all over my dick 
 Ridin my dick will qive yu chest pains n make ya ears pop 
 Wen its semi hard, it pokes out the bottom of my boxers 
 RT  Omg all you horny bastards on my TL right now ....... Makin me wanna go in on  , but ... 
 Bend over n im eatin everythin in siqht 
 My dick needs some wet tiqht attention 
 How many lick doest it take for it too stick too my face? 
 I bet if i nibble on you heel while massaqin you inner thiqh i will have your pussy drippin like a broked faucet 
 Is it wronq too just wanna suck, lick and devour ya pussy untill yu have no more enerqy left? 
  call me n find out
 I just love the idea of pleasinq my woman 
  yu aint kno? Lol
 Ill lick yur ass and rub my finqer on yur clit, i kno u like that nasty shit baby :) 
 Dont worry hunny, the skinny jeans are just a cover up...its called "the art of illusion" lol 
 She masterbates too my voice 
 Ill blow cool air on ya clit one i qot it nice n wet 
 Ill put my mouth over that pussy and DRINK YOUR JUICE 
  if the random motions of a tonque on the walls of your pussy makes yu drench ladies :) 
 RT   ~> im a kisser    - so am i :)
 When yu see this fae >> :p << that means im ready 4 action 
 Clothes are over rated  
 Let me tonque massaqe ya clit 
 So yu want me too look yu deep in yur eyes while i fuck yu too the rate of yur heart? 
 RT   ~> I dont like talking dirty...matta fact dont talk at All....    - tonque 2 pussy talk
 Slidin my tonque around ya clit in a circular motion 
 Ill slide my tonque frum ya ass too yur clit n make sure i swallow everythin inbetween, i dnt leave messes  
 Tonque on your clit n let our lips meet, i quarantee nothin less then the best 
 How deep yu want it? Yu wanna feel it in yur chest or yu want it too hit yur tonsils? 
 RT  Big Dick are no sex .. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ - i qot wat yu need, but first imma need too eat that buttercup 
 The sound of her moanin just keeps my dick hard but the taste of her pussy keeps me throbbing 
 I would rather eat it from the back...whats dessert without cake? 
  shit, im here now lol
 I wanna roll my tonque up and down ya walls like im paintin a picture of yu cummin in my mouth :) 
 RT  These florida mosquitos dont play any games . - shit, ill be a florida mosquito if i qot 2 suck on u 
 Smooth tonque motions are bound too leave a puddle in the mattress 
 The deeper you throat me, the deeper ill tonque yu, 69 is the caners position 
 Shaved pussy that taste like water i could drink in this heat all fuccin summer :) 
 Make ya pussy muscles contract around my tonque soo it can kiss me back 
  where were yu?
 Fuck im on one
  yu qot ya phone?
 When the juice drips down my chin i catch it with my tonque, im not the type too waiste a delicassy :) 
  im tryna tonque kiss it just like that, on sum  type shit
  haha wussupp
  awww lol
  its the truth
  wat happened?
  im inlove, jus a lil bit lol
  hell yea, no beatin around the bush with that lonq ass face lol
 RT  lmaoo, I got twitter fakes now I see terrible RT  LOOK ..  ... 
  i dnt even wana ask where yu findin these pictures
  oh yea, those people need a muzzle
 RT  K  - thats ya belly?
 RT  Fuck mother nature i should smack this hoe! - every month i bet lol
 RT  shut up and ride this d*ck - smfh i be tryna tell em, all that talkin aint qood for my health
  na just alot lol
 RT  I like slim thug :) - that niqqa need too die alonq with wacka flocka and soulja boy n the lil b niqqa smfh
  the sky
 RT  -________- - i hope ya face isnt that lonq lol
 Son 911 be askin some dumb ass questions, by the time yur done yu will be already dead lol
 RT  A bug was on me omg omg - LMFAO PUSSY
 Theres no way yur qunna ride my face and NOT run ya finqers thru my dreads...thats selfish lol
 RT  He Use To Like Me…Before He Found Out I Dont Like  - yu qoin in lol
  supp uqli
  PARIS!!!!!
 RT  i dont like loud noises or loud ghetto ass mfs! stfu! - so sex is quiet im quessin? Lol
  damn, how lonq has it been hunny?
 RT  i got robbed today :'( - smfh
 RT  mention me ?? - well of course
  we as in yu and i? Or has this time spent waitin all for nothinq?
  step 1...denial
 She told me she wants tonque prints all down her spinal cord :)
 RT  You can't catch feelings when they only want you around for sex... - THANK YOU!!!!
 RT  I'm watching you o.O - well u are followin me lol
  so what we qunna do now?
  yu kno its the truth
 80% of women that claim rape werent even raped...hmmmm that be some shit
  so what ever happened? Yu never cummin back?
 RT  smirnoff & lean for me tonight! Nigel want me to come smoke & you know he goin down lol - REAL NIGGA SHIT. LOL
  YES!!!!
  WUUSSSUUPPP!!!!!
  yu madd at me?
  yu wont be complainin after im done :) lol
 RT  I need a drink - alcoholic, i told yu
 RT  RT  Hey Ladies if man won't eat it I will ( ; - LMFAO 
  (clears throat) hmmm
 RT  Breakfast in bed . Waffles and a little head . . . - i jus need syrup for your twaffle :)
  cum hjere qurl, we will do way more then that ;)
  :)
 RT  good sex , good head . i come alive in the bed ;) . - so you dead throuqhout the rest of the day? Lol
  <<<< yu see the ass on that qyal? Lol
 RT  Tell me that I got the fattest pussy in the whole world and if I let him eat it I can be his ol' girl - nicki minaj voice
 Bitches be qettin craxy on  word 2 lol
 Imam definetly fuck with my followers riqht now, shit i miqht do my  toniqht too lol
 RT  I'm just sayin' you could do better . - sinqin that same old sonq lol
 I love a thick women whos curvescan slide my tonque up and down :)
 Tonque kissin ya lips while the juice slowly drips its qood enuff for me :)
  send ya number
  talkin too yu, dm your number
  tuesday, yu qunan see me?
 Whats the topic for the niqht?
 RT  I love wayne mixtape I swear ! - that shit is WHACK!!!!
  i miss yu
  busy, chillen in miami riqht now
  wus qood hunny
  add my pin:26847141 ladies
  awwww lol
  been busy fam lol
  wussupp
 I qotta qet back on my twitter shit...i been away for a while
 Wurd too me im qettin stranqe stares, yu see how brooklyn stands out :)
  excuse me lil miss
 RT  Please tell me you do spit on it... - isnt that your job?
  how yu been hunny?
  HEYY!!!!!!
 Idk but im in a pussy eatin mood, maybe its this miami weather, im not used too it lol
 A lil roll of the tonque never hurt anyone, now open them thiqh n lemem show yu what im talkin about
 RT  All He Wanna Do Is Take LeeCee Home Fuck Me Frm Da Bak Pull My Hair Smack My Ass Til I Moan ! - LMFAO
 Downtown miami is LOVELY :)
 HELLO MIAMI!!!!!
 RT  Boutaa go Handle these damn nails -____- geeesh.
 Where all my GREEKS?
 IF YOUR IN A FRAT OR A SORO  MENTION ME ASAP!!!!
 If your greek hit me up asap
 If your in a FRAT OR SORO  mention me now or leave ya email in my DM ASAP
  hunny
 I don't kno what it is about clothes...but I HATE wearin them  lol 
  text me b4 yu knock out
  so how are yu know..yu kno yu coulda wen cuffed
  damn baby I'll strip for yu anyway...text ma phone, ima dm my number
 who wanna hop on ooVoo with ya body stylesz? And NO I'm not strippin lol (smoothstylesz69)
 LMFAO she just asked if I'm tweetin about her...YOU KNOW IT HUNNY LOL
 Tell me why this lady on the bus just fell in my lap...she bhadd as shit and she qot the cake smh
  don't try and sweet talk me now
  if imma eat out...what we qoin too dinner for? (Kanye voice)
 RT  God send me angel :-/ from the heavens above to heal my break heart - he sent yu one a while aqo, yu just curved him
  5 years later and styll no text or call from yu lisa -_-
 This twitter shit should be a breeze now ;)
 RT  Damn still fucked up from last night smh - complainin bout the liquor store...but what yu drinkin liquor for lol
  where my welcum back treat?
  LMFAO yes this quy :)
  YUUP!!! ITS A CELEBRATION...POP POP BOTTLES (ray j voice)
 I just unfollowed like 50+ people...I qot room for more tastey ladies now
  cum here qurl lol
  I'm wit it :)
  then my job for the day is done ;)
 RT  Best part of my day is when I get naked and wet =) - then yu squat over my face :D...oh were yu talkin about a shower lol
  MANTHA :)
 RT  - fuckin headache... - lemme massaqe ya temples then ;)
  did it atleast make yur day? Lol
 Oh dnt worry, I'm finna qet on the laptop so I can follow everyone back  :)
 qood morninq too all the ladies followinq a qood cause....who wanna be my breakfast :)
  lmfao yu must be waitinq for it because I haven't tweeted in forever
 Is it too early too have you drippin? Or did yu already wake up like that??
  I just might, I always wanted too
  when yu qet here yu will find out
  I'm here
  cum too ny
  where yu frum?
 About too head too the qym :)
  ya tonque look sexy
  -_- ok
 I'm sorry twitter, I kno I been neqlectin yu...buh DADDY'S HOME (usher voice)...who missed me?
 RT  now following ---->>  <<---- sexual chocolate. !!!  - 
 RT   <<< Knew there was sumone missin frm TL - I kno I been M.I.A.
 RT    (: love the twitter name  - yu won't be dissapointed
  smilesz? Yu mean STYLESZ :)
  what's ya pin hunny?
 I'm BACK TWITTER!!!!! Miss me?
  qimme ya pin tastey
 HAPPY FATHERS DAY TOO 
 Happy bday too my hunny  :)
 I LOVE 
  whatever
  yu a fronter
  i dnt see it
 yoo who qot the briqhton beach video??
 RT   Phineas and Ferb - biq ass kid lol
 RT  Kiss wat u cnt have .. myASS! - ill kiss all up inbetween it lol
 omq, where are my manners?? Heyyy twitter :) I kno yu missed daddy lol
 I haven't ate "fresh" in a while, I need me a full course meal
  need too brinq her sexy thick ass too NY and ride my face like that WSHH video she did mmmmm :)
 Mmm that workout was smooth
 mmmmm  wus qood tastey :)
 i jus seen  wshh video...mm i wanna eat her from the back omq lol
 Shesshhh I forqot what twitter looks like LMFAO
 Who tryna chill toniqht
 have you ever been arrested or in jail — na..CLEAN RECORD 
 have you ever robbed anyone — na..thats not my lifestyle 
 LMFAO this uqli ass qurl is on the bus takin pictures of herself...ewwww
  yu busy hunny?
 how old are you? — 20 
 do guys booboo more than girls do? — LMFAO wat is booboo? 
 MORNING TWITTER!!!!
 Where is 
  call me
  yo shitty
 I wanan bite n suck on 
  dm me yours and imma hit ya cell
  call me llove
  whats qoin on jas?
 SHOW ME THE VIDEO!!!!!!!
  BTW lovely work today...yu did yur thinq hunny bun :) and qood luck on that chris brown opportunity
  yu on ya model status i see..mmm i LOVE it
  i am lol...cuutie :)
 RT   to     and  ,  we made magic on set today boy!!
 ANY LADIES LIVE IN HARLEM?!?! HIT ME UP ASAP
 RT  NEW HIT SINGLE - So Wavy Records®   -  
  NEW TRACK!!!!
  how yu been hunny?
  LMFAO lemme quess, kebvin hart voice
 How  that he's just qettin up on the twitter wave lol
 If one more bitch step on my fuccin sneaker!!!! UGH!!!
  lol im here tho..imma be back on my shit :)
  lol oh damn..my bad..i jusz be busy hunny
 if yu have  ADD ME ASAP 
  mmmm wusz qood?
  :( ok qorqeousz :-* have fun boo
  no lol ya paqe is private so noone can retweet ya tweets
  your paqe is blocked so i cant retweet lol
  i think i qot one for you...yu qot the car?? DM me the details hunny :)
  :( shit i would LOVE TOO but in in bk :'(
 RT  [яєтωєєт)★★ƒσιισω    20
  whats the offer tastey? :)
   UP!!!!!
  look at yu
  well yu need too :)
  
  wusz qood??  ")
  CAN I DEVOUR YOU NEXT? LOL
 who wanna be my breakfast? RT
 RT everyone send me a request on  please :) 
 RT if your UP
  im not qay
 RT if yu want this DICK :) 
 You ladies aren't R E A D Y 
  where yu live?
  eww llol
 69 style, the deeper you swaloow my dick, the deeper ill plunqe my tonque in your pussy 
 Lemme talk dirty in ya ear and then nibble on it 
  i see lol
 Can you spin around and keep the tonque styll inside 
 I think I'm done blessin  with my thouqhts :)
  i kno i can tho
  i promised yu a personal tweet tho
  jus send it now
 RT  Sheeshhhh. Bouta strip down to my panties.  - and my tonque will move past them panties :)
 My dick curves like the letter G..that's why ladies tell me I have a G-SPOT DICK :) 
  lol mmhhmm
  know damn well she wants my tonque pressed aqainst her walls while it searches or her g-spot 
  i bet hun
 HMU if your horny ladies :) 
 You think twitter is addictive? My sex qame is even more addictive 
 Ill eat your pussy thru ya panties :) 
 I wanna paint pictures with my tonque and let your body be my canvas :) 
 RT  RT  Im not nasty... Im just sexually creative....  - so let my tonque paint pictures on yu
 I'm hunqry, I need a BROOKLYN LADY too eat 
  which lips are smilin?
 I have a foot fetish, lemme massaqe em while I'm eatin your pussy :) 
 If yu qot a fat ass..TWEET ME 
 I love when a thick juicey ass is clappin on my tonque :) 
  yu didnt
 RT  Don't approach me with a little.....    - ok lemme lick my lips :)
  LMFAO styll not
  yu didnt qive me the email
 Make it rain on my tonque :) 
 RT  (O_o) ... (^_^) ... he on one! Lol >> RT   qot yu..NOW CUM SIT ON MY FACE AND RIDE MY  ...
  mmhhmm lol
 I tweet worse shit then pornstars :) 
  yur not followin me
 RT  This is interesting RT  Damn cardiac arrest ! RT  My dick wi...  P ...
  qot yu..NOW CUM SIT ON MY FACE AND RIDE MY TONQUE 
  yu email :)
 My tonque slides from wall 2 wall like that  sonq :) 
 RT if you wanna SQUIRT 
 Ill slide my tonque too your belly button too your clit then from your clit too your ass then from your ass back up 
 I'm tweetin with my tonque 
 My dick will make you tear and your pussy splash :) 
  always been lol
  yur not followin me lol
 Ill slide my tonque in your ass until you cum :) 
 RT  Yo bitch and me   - while yu ride my face and she ride my dick
  DM ME!!!!
 Bend that ass over and leme slide my tonque from your ass too your clit :) 
 My dick is HIGHLY PHOTOGENIC 
 RT  " NOONE DOES   LIKE ME!!!!!"Caz uz a freak doe ;)
 RT if you wanna see my dick 
 A skirt is EASY ACCESS 
 Send your email via DM and ill bless you like how god blessed me :) 
 All you need is my tonque on the clit for you too witness CLOUD 9 
 NOONE DOES  LIKE ME!!!!!
  done already
 Dreams about me are fuccin INTENSE 
 Ma name STYLESZ...smoothSTYLESZ if your NASTY...DADDY when I'm eatin your pussy and BABY when your dreamin about me 
 Sit on my face and roll ya hips clockwise and ill swirl my tonque counter clockwise :) 
  follow me
 RT   well damn hmmm go head i dont mind  on fire with this one
 The dick looks like a baby arm...DEADASS 
 If we made love, my dick will probably stop your heart :) 
 My dick will have your pussy tinqlin 3 weeks after we fuck 
  HELL FUCCIN YEA
  yup yup :)
  not yet :)
  ADD ME TOO FACEBOOK n qet a personalized  tweet :)
 Some of my tweets will make you cum on yourself :) 
 I love too eat it from the back :) 
   there  yu qo
 RT  i jux clicked the "follow" button for  ! ! ! hiqhlyy recommend myy female followers do tha same ;)
  DM yur  or email
 Follow and I miqht let you swallow :) 
 RT  Damn cardiac arrest ! RT  My dick will touch your heart 
 I don't eat pussy cause my dick qame whack, I eat pussy because I want. That shit SOAKEN WET 
 You kno your a freak when you don't write "come" your riqht "cum" 
 My dick is lonq hard and thick..any ladies wanna see? 
 My dick will touch your heart 
 I wanna slide my tonque up and down every sinqle curve on your body :) 
 RT  im all up on ya frame  - and my tonque is lickin around yours
  yu need too call me TRACY!!!!!!
 RT  Sex in the cockpit like on   - let's foq up the wondows :)
 Lemme fuck yu aqainst the wall...talk about beinq stuck between a rock and a HARD place  
  i heard lol
 Cum kiss me, I will quarantee too make your pussy soaked :) 
 Cream in my mouth and on my dick :) 
 RT  Had To Follow  He Going In On  Follow Him Nowww!
 My dick qets hard when I'm tonque fuccin your pussy :) 
 I don't eat pussy...I DEVOUR IT!!! 
  im chillen hunny
 I AM NOT A HUMAN BEING lol..9ause my sex is outta this WORLD!!! 
 I wana strip on  (smoothSTYLESZ69)  ladiesz :) 
  yu should KNOW!!!
  brinq yo ass too NY lol
 Everyday in the shower, I shave EVERYTHING but my head... 
