  thanks - and thx for the G+ invite. unfortunately Google apps still doesn't do + so I'm using my personal account.
 so now I'm going to go dig out those G+ invites I've been ignoring... thanks, 
 RT  Here's why:  Note that I can't explain why in a tweet, but I certainly can in a G+ update. << sold me!
 say more! RT  My primary posting platform has shifted to Google+. Sorry, twitter and facebook. It's not me; it's you.
 Where marketing meets enterprise-architecture - interesting post by Tom Graves via    
  the Chris Potts webinar is available here    
 have conf & enterprise IT content experience? interesting job oppt: Conference Content Manager, IDG, work w/good ppl 
 super job oppt 4 indiv w/conf & enterprise IT content experience. Conference Content Manager, IDG, working w/great ppl 
 RT  Breaking news: P&G is moving 18,000 employees onto Box.net       
 who's your *new* favorite example (not over-used) of using social networking to improve customer awareness & response?
 good list. RT  Plus is growing on me... Here's a quick post on effective panel discussions: 
 belated posting, but wow. 2011 Sunday Greasy Pole Gloucester Pride and Tradition! : 
  oh, nice! The Turkish coast is fantastic. I assume you'll go into Kusadasi and see Ephesis? I love that place!
  happy for you! where are you going?
 RT  will webinar be available for download - those of us in incompatible timezones want to know ;-) < Yes! 
 Consumerized IT + virtual biz models demand next-gen approach to biz design. Don't miss  webinar 2moro  
 RT  Sept's Business Ecology workshop is hitting the newswires. Saw this in a LinkedIn post:   
 enviro, social & corp governance (ESG) issues can affect investment performance. Investors signing-up to UN principles 
  nice - thanks!
 still time to register for Enterprise Architecture in the Era of IT Consumerization webinar     
  p.s. Tony says he should get royalties and will send his agent Matt Ring around
 RT   the Sandollar in lobster cove. Oil by J. Byrd.  :)  Joey, I love this - is it for sale?
  would love you to chime in on this  business design discussion 
  To be honest, I never really thought about multi-minded versus single-minded when we started talking about...
 if organizations are multi-minded, what are the implications for how you design your business? new  blog post by 
 "Organism" is the wrong construct for  argues Business Design group co-chair Michael McDermott 
 RT   IBM trying to get customers more involved in cloud standards, via OMG. Cloud can't be abt vendor lock-in
 Does E2.0 & consumerization of IT change how enterprise architects design biz?  thinks so. webinar   
  going to stir things up next Tues w/Enterprise Architecture in the Age of IT Consumerization - we… (cont) 
 awesome:  webinar on  & Business Ecology: Why IT Consumerization Changes Everything, June 28 register: 
 Third time in Vegas, first time I've walked the strip. All I can say is oh, my.
 What a very strange place this is
 On my way to Vegas to moderate the PTC mgmt forum w some of the biggest names in manufactuing. Shd be a really interesting event
  you mean you won't be there? I was looking forward to seeing you!
 RT  The security-approved smartphone!   At last! << love the last point :)
 super way to help  victims in Western Mass. - donations go a LONG way! 
  trying to get there. Malnati's here I come!
 flight delayed due to t storms in Chicago. A getting understandably nervous about tonight's event, with both M and I flying in today
 what's the best source for case studies or customer stories around     ?
 excellent report on big data from    
 event planning is a bit different when you have no budget
 attending the webinar at 11 today? Robert Laird from IBM (formerly chief architect at MCI) on SOA governance   
  thanks Peter :)
 IBM IT architect Robert Laird on the 26 Capabilities of SOA Governance - webinar at 11 Eastern tomorrow 
 IBM IT architect Robert Laird on the 26 Capabilities of SOA Governance - webinar at 11 Eastern tomorrow 
 RT  I begin 2 succeed only when I fail surrounded by a support structure. << love this - very enlightened!
 Friday's Business Ecology webinar is on SOA governance. Rethink IT investments from a business perspective. Register (f…
 Fri's  webinar is on SOA governance. rethink IT investments fr biz persp. register     
 yes! RT  YouTube Now Lets You License Videos Under Creative Commons (Remixers, Rejoice)  by 
 RT  'Many injuries' reported in Massachusetts tornadoes - CNN  -  glad my girl is home safe in Amherst
  sounds like a great day! Happy for you
  gotcha. I'll make sure someone's on that. thanks!
 just hit 200 members on the LinkedIn Business Ecology Practices group!  some interesting conversations going - join us!
   re LinkedIn, I'm member of that group but don't know who the owner is. will check. in meantime, sure, help away!
  there actually is no EP CoP within BEI anymore. we'll be starting one on Intelligent Business that will encompass EP....
 RT  When it put search front and center, Utah.gov's redesign reflected how citizens navigate online. 
 what wd you want to ask prod dev'ment leaders fr Whirlpool, Ikea & Fresenius? I'm moderating at Planet PTC Live June 14 
 Must read for EAs and IT leaders who want to have better business conversations 
 asking for feedback is just the beginning; make sure you have a way to capture, review and respond to it  
 purpose of a good  plan: influence people to think & act in a certain way. need feedback to know what they're thinking
 congrats! RT  Motley Fool mentions Smart or Lucky! Cool.  
 RT  "Don't wait for people to be friendly. Show them how." ~Unknown
 RT  Writing About Alzheimer’s and Dementia Gets Complicated  via 
 RT  'We have to make tech cool for girls by 5th grade. In college CS class, the guys've been hacking for 10 yrs. so they quit.'
 am I really the only attendee on this webinar? guess I'd better stay on...
  you can register for tomorrow's Business Process Excellence CoP call here  glad you can join!
 we're relaunching Business Process Excellence community of practice to be less tech, more biz. 1st call tomorrow. want to join? 
 RT  Your cat now has better iPad apps than you (Yahoo! News) 
  I think it's the word "value" they object to
 RT  RT  my new pet peeve: "value chain." << what's alternative to describe upstream/downstream info & process flows?
 super- congrats! RT  Thrilled to announce new book Smart or Lucky: How Tech Leaders Turn Chance into Success 
 find out how  is helping drive both top & bottom line in financial svcs in our free  webinar today  
  webinar today: Business Process Excellence in Financial Services Industry, w Dr. M.A. Ketabchi   
 great tweet stream for   coming out of the  Symposium today
 QxA=E great formula for  Quality of the technical solution x Acceptance of the solution by users = Effectiveness of results
  nice interview with Lindsay  -- fyi, the GMG site loads *hard* from Costa Rica
 how to be happy 
  great tip - thanks! switching to firefox seems to have solved the problem tho
 keystroke delay on new computer was related to IE, not hw settings, & only seemed to happen in gmail. no prob in firefox. what's that abt?
 setting up Go2Meeting for remote conference presenter - test went fine across international borders. fingers crossed
 too funny - RT  Strategy is "selecting which stakeholders to disappoint" :)  One of several definitions 
  I know - I live in Skype these days
 observation: sometimes it's better to lose something, then find it again, than never to lose it at all 
 psyched! Deb Boykin, who leads Pfizer's  efforts, jumping in to present case study at our conf. in Costa Rica today 
 RT  MSFT buying Skype? 1st step: rebranding. Get ready for Microsoft SkyVoice Lync Mesh Live Mobile 7, Professional Edition
  oh, it's having me jump through all sorts of hoops. I'll deal with it when I get home
 I understand, Facebook, why you'd be suspicious when I log in on a new computer fr Central America, but it really is me; please let me in!
  aw, shucks!
 En route to Costa Rica via Miami to talk abt  w a group of CIOs and CFOs. Wish I had more time to explore!
 RT  How We Moved Almost Everything to the Cloud: 5 Lessons  even custom ERP << it's all about biz agility
 just finished a live interview w ADN radio in Costa Rica abt our conference there next week. thank heavens for translators  
  we'll get you there yet!
  we'll be doing them every two weeks; May 20 is BPM Excellence in the Financial Services Industry  
 What's the relationship between Cloud computing and business process management?: 
  me too, Ricardo! :-)
  Interesting! On a related note, one of the most important things I've learned about leadership and communication is...
 RT   Clorox grooms biz analysts and other hi-end IT managers via communities of practice on the role
 I've made plans for Business Process Excellence:  The Role of Enablement in the Programmatic Success of BPM 
 into biz process excellence? join BEI's free webinar Fri on The Role of Enablement in Programmatic BPM Success  
 RT   BYM (bring yr mobile device) to work requires security at app level << shd be at app level anyway, no?  
 brilliant insight fr  webinar: a webinar is less like a live preso w/out eye contact than it is talk radio w/pictures 
  I really should have, Tom. this whole experience has been an eye opener
 RT  Really starting to look at a computer stipend plans, and we're not the only ones  
 "priority sequence" for Lenovo customer service: 20 minutes on hold & counting  
 now it turns out my laptop never was on that truck; it's still held up in customs, along with 800 or so other Lenovos....
 RT  Adm Thad Allen warns of growing gap between public's expectation of gov response to crisis & gov's ability 
  the event in Costa Rica is next week. Can you come? 
 RT  ‎"I mourn the loss of thousands of precious lives, but I will not rejoice in the death of one, not even an enemy" -Mar ...
 so apparently 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. isn't accurate either. 7:30 & UPS still not here 
 RT   I was tweeting but using just the  tag << noted! been following you too. now a few others in as well. woohoo!
 UPS, what the hell? 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. is REALLY the most precise window of time you can give for a delivery?
  maybe they're tweeting but not using the hashtag. easy to forget - especially if not actively encouraged
  nice tweeting fr CIO Leadership, but you're a lone voice. tell maryfran or rick to encourage tweeting! 
 1ST of new Business Ecology webinar series is up this Friday: Karyn Brown, Pegasystems, on Role of Enablement in BPM S…
 1ST of new BEI webinar series is up this Friday: Karyn Brown, Pegasystems, on Role of Enablement in BPM Success  
  hmm. I don't think that's it
 happy my new computer is arriving today. unhappy that  can't pinpoint any more precisely than "9 a.m. - 7 p.m." when that will be
 RT  In 2010, only 1 in 6 people lives in countries with a free press.    
 CIO Leadership today & tomorrow. follow hashtags  & 
 RT  ubiquity of info, increased bandwidth, consumerization/IT has created equiv of sociological climate change  
 this was fantastic: The Webinar on Webinars, by  -- will be repeated again in July. highly recommend it! 
  Dave, thanks - you just summed up Business Ecology!  Ed, what does that coaching to the business look like? How...
 are you willing to trade your location for more consumer offers & convenience? Apple, Google Collect User Data 
  they are the worst!
 RT  Whose cloud is the dirtiest --- Google's, Microsoft's, Facebook's, or Apple's?  by  
 fascinating discussion! What decision making works best in a complex, dynamic environment?  LinkedIn  
 my week for getting stood up. supposed to be doing a skype interview w journalist in Costa Rica right now, but she doesn't appear to be on
 RT  New Terror Alert System Aims For Clarity, Not Color  << good luck with that
 Does technology affect an organization's ability to make good decisions?: 
 How to think better is 1 of most profound Qs in the life of an org, says  in great article by   mag 
 working on a presentation and white paper for an audience of Costa Rican CIOs and CFOs for the  initiative
 Got bounced from donating blood because my iron is too low. I feel so deficient!
 RT  "There are things you can do in  that you can't do in conventional fiction"  [ChiTrib]
  - Chainsaw after killing the flames
 I was excited to finally get my little electric chain saw to work - until it started smoking and set itself on fire! Back to the handsaw...
 Burning stuff
 RT  Big data: Global good or zero-sum arms race?  via 
 I just registered for "the webinar on webinars," taught by my favorite  advisor Andy Goodman, 
 Intel sets the bar for these RT  We talked about Intel's IT Annual Report... Here's their latest:   
 RT  MIT Global Challenge community voting is underway! Review the ideas and cast your vote  
 thank god for unsend
 just got a great $200 printer for $80 at HP sale online   
 RT  Many  seem unaware that change management is a fundamental component of successful business transformation. 
  unfortunately...
  bingo! How are tricks? Been so busy I've fallen behind on my GMG reading - miss it!
 16-page version of the  report done - time for a walk!
  well there's that!
 what's the biggest barrier to  adoption? a) bandwidth constraints b) security problems c) reluctance to try something new
  belated thx for the FF!
 competitive advantage is all about speed. "speed = innovation x simplicity. we're getting 80% of our value from simplicity" - Geir Ramleth
 50% of standout CEOs prefer to persuade & influence. only 17% command & control.   survey as reported by  
 RT  Storytelling That Moves People - HBR:   <- great expl of what a story is & isn't, how to use in biz. $$
  what approach do you take there?
 RT    Will CIOs Sit Out The Oppt of A Lifetime?   << very cool example of mobile/social at Vail
 besides Twitter, where do you publicize your webinars & events? anything drawing better than others?
 oops - my 8-page report is apparently coming out at 16. how'd that happen? :)
 yes! RT  MyPOV: B2B & B2C are dead. This is all about  there's a human on the other end of each connection  
 ok, back to work
 my TwBirthday is 14 Nov 2007.  apparently you are my Twitter godfather! certificate at  via 
  me too. intrigued by your background - operations, IT, marketing - powerful mix. looks like a CEO/CIO track to me!
 RT  Meet the Tinker Twins: HP's unique duo swoops in when customer has biz-critical tech disaster.  
 RT  Agility and transformation are priorities of IT in my enterprise. True or False? Pls. vote   ...
  wish I was - just got on the airport shuttle in boston. Another hour to go. Great to work w you!
 Really interesting 2-days w    & team. EmployBridge going places; psyched to help  
 credit card lost at an airport restaurant - somewhere between my table and the kitchen. New one already on the way. Love AmEx
 RT  Too wild to resist. RT   Woman scavenging for copper cuts off Internet to all of Armenia. http:/ ...
  thx! I'm very particular, tho - already ordered Lenovo X201 to replace my X61. Small, light, rugged, fast. Love that machine
 my laptop is hanging in there. every once it a while display has a nervous breakdown, but if I pat it & ask nicely, so far it's come back
 RT  Great day w       talking change planning & mgmt
 So far tricky trip. Computer misbehaving, parking overflow, fight delayed, gate change to opposite end of terminal. Just going w the flow
 No room in central parking. I didn't know Logan economy parking now has its own garage. Nice on this rainy day!
 talking with Geir Ramleth at Bechtel about sophisticated  super smart guy doing very advanced things
 best part: Lenovo's Final Four special offer saved me an extra $620!
 display on much-loved IBM X61 starting to fritz. owes me nothing after 4 yrs. ordered replacement Lenovo X201. PC won over Mac this time
    sorry you couldn't make it yesterday. we talked abt persuasive comm & how to get the EA msg across to biz
 RT  Great discussion with  on change management from a strategic perspective   << looking forward to more
 RT  Leading cause of  failure: Orgs overestimate tech risk & underestimate cultural risk (resistance to change) 
 leading a talk in Costa Rica in May: Ecología de Negocios y Administración de Procesos en la Empresa Conectada. luckily translator provided
 RT  What a cyberwar with China might look like, hypothetically:  by 
  some smaller companies have. and i know some big-co IT leaders who are pretty fired up about the idea  
  over now - yea!
  thanks Parna - almost done!
 up writing since 3 a.m. and still one call to go. long day, this
 writing
  thanks!
  for great communications advice and expertise   
 if you have to stay near the  airport, check out the Cedarbrook Lodge. lovely place. 
 From Washington (DC) to Washington - mtg at MSFT to discuss results of Cloud research w HBR research team
  so glad you made it!
 holy grail: to have clear visibility in the torrent of data, pluck out meaning and almost instantaneously respond thru value chain  
 working on my opening remarks for tomorrow. took a little break to buy that cool suitcase  is pitching 
  muchas gracias!
  like clowns out of a volkswagen! FYI, the link to the case isn't working
  all blessings to you!
 pretty crazy RT  Sneak peek at Maersk's new container ships: Too big for America, even!  via 
  thanks for merging  and 
    you mean it's not oh my god? :)
  it's from the Business Ecology Initiative.
 Heading to DC for the Optimization for Innovation conf. Shd be a terrific event. Bonus: this wk is apparently peak cherry blossom time
 why did plancast create a new account for me when I signed in! now I have two... sorry to all who receive duplicate subscription requests
  at least I got my dog out for a walk on this insanely beautiful day before coming back to get stood up! have a great weekend
 really? stood up for the 2nd time on this interview - even after the party confirmed this morning! i feel so used.... :)
 it's one thing to be juggling 3 clients; it's another to be doing it all on the same day! 
  they already added social features - it's called Buzz. I like my gmail plain and simple
 We have to move away fr the notion of  being abt greater creation of choice. It’s abt greater value from use 
 We live in an era where you can’t live up to your core values without investing in technology. - Michael Schrage  
  I thought "worlds" was intentional!
 RT  Netflix May Offer Original Programming: Change of Heart for CEO Reed Hastings?  
 RT  Good journalism from  Last Defense at Troubled Reactors: 50 Japanese Workers 
 my 45 min. skype call to a belgian landline cost about $1 and the quality was excellent.
 great call w/a marketing mgr who's leading his co's move into  working in partnership w/IT 
 sometimes bad things actually happen in 4's. conference planning is so much fun
 great list of killer presentations  - from Andy Kaufman to Tom Peters to Martin Luther King  
 unpacking your lizard brain: RT  Why most of what you know about communication is wrong - video: 
 re melting fuel rods in Japan nuclear plants: RT   Here's hope >  & good information.
 oh crap. RT  Japanese officials say nuclear fuel rods appear to be melting inside all 3 of most troubled nuclear reactors - AP
 coming soon to a browser near you: HTML5 lets us experience the Internet natively & escape "plug-in prison."  -Fast Co
 Real-time insight & action is key piece of  it's about moving from focus on how you score to how you change the score  
 IT used to major in apps, minor in integration. that's reversed. today the integration is where you win. - Charlie Feld    
 just off the phone w Charlie Feld, doing our  judging and catching up. I'd love to find a way to work with him more closely
  I've heard good things about MX Skype  -- a friend of mine does high-quality exec podcasts & that's what he uses
  I use Pamela to record - integrated right into Skype. Can set it to record automatically at start of call or ask. I edit in Audacity
  I'm doing 30 day trial of Pamela unlimited. it's integrated w/Skype. also a free version built into tools bar but only 15 min.
    the bats live in caves in Mexico in winter. not sure when migrate. crazy sight to see them pour out at night!
  did you see the bats?
 recording interviews through the regular landline is so much clunkier than using Skype. sound quality's not as good either
  yes, but all good!
 RT  Last time shuttle ever leaves the barn & heads to launch pad - on NASA TV right now. HISTORY PEOPLE 
 on deck for my 8th & final interview of the day; this 1 to Singapore where it's tomorrow. I really love talking to smart passionate people!
 RT  RT  IT vendors spend $25B/yr on lead generation, while CIOs get better at evasion. 
 RT  RT  Love the scary stats: 78% of CIOs don't know what devices are connected to the corporate network  ...
 such fun to talk about org change, engagement, communication, strategy dev'mnt, consulting, meditation & mindfulness w/  !
 great advice and examples in Every Presentation Should Tell a Story 
 forgot to point to the program. I have 5 free passes to        let me know if interested
 ...let me know if you're interested and I'll shoot you a link
 I've got 5 free passes to Optimization for Innovation conf, talks fr Marriott, Pfizer, Forrester, IBM, more     
  oh I doubt that very much -- but that's a great position to approach things from -- learn more that way! see you in DC
  ah! cw p100. now i get it, you clever wise  parent. sounds like it's been a great event so far
  ... oh, and Contributions of 20th Century Women to Physics
  what's cwp? according to Google, Center for Watershed Protection, Center for Wave Phenomena, Concealed Weapons Permit...
 psyched that new client  will be at our Optimization for Innovation conference in a few weeks!   
 awesome set of  and  interviews today for HBR  research project. Skype w/Pamela recording is excellent!
  re 4 Personas of the Next-Generation CIO:   - do you think it's possible to master all 4?
 judging CIO 100 awards. amazes me how many ppl still confuse features for biz value or fail to show proof.   
 information consumes attention. simplify your message to its core, leave the rest on the cutting room floor. 
  thanks Elliot!
  aw... back atcha! 
 human interaction mgmt defines roles, stages, resps. synchronized plans change as work progresses. good for cross-boundary collab  
 bpm treats human interactions as exceptions  
 attending  center of excellence webinar on goal oriented org design (oh - GOOD!)
  working on a client project :)
 listening is a key and often overlooked part of project communication   
 a huge amount of misunderstanding would be eliminated if people took the time to try to understand the other's POV 
 The real meaning of words or symbols depends primarily on how the reader or listener perceives them. 
 Marriott and IBM join program of BEI's Optimization for Innovation conference, March 22 in DC   
 how do you social network your business processes?  
 how does your co. design for reputation & risk mgmt? assume something bad will happen, plan for that, be proactive & fast 
 this year more ppl gave virtual gifts than gave real hallmark cards to their loved ones - sandy carter 
 coach crowdsourced handbag development. not just b2c - happening b2b too 
 RT  IBM is probably still the best case study in the space for workforce collaboration, imho.   <<agree
 sandy carter telling the IBM journey in social. personalize yr brand (internally & externally) & make it something ppl can relate to 
  i'm seeing the right one
 social business is engaging, transparent, nimble 
 Duke is training students to be community mgrs sez  - that's cool 
  what does yours show?
 social biz leaders now in marketing but will emerge in support functions as well 
 where have we heard that before? companies lose oppt in not taking enterprise approach to social 
 watching  business webcast with  and  
 In 2010, only 5 percent of orgs took advantage of social/collab customer action to improve service processes...  
 RT  “ Use of Social  for Customer Service Will Grow Rapidly Over the Next Two Years: ” 
 RT  iPad owners rush to dump old tablets for new model  << classic example of our screwed up priorities
 RT  Cloud Integrations Challenges Taking Us Back in Time - Where SOA Meets Cloud:  
 RT  webinar on the 4 New Personas of the  Fri 10 am PT.     
  but Joey, you've missed all the wintertime fun as it is!
 good stuff RT  4 Personas of the Next-Generation CIO, as  & Constellation Research see it:  
  yw. just been dealing w/that - tho I luckily had 3 weeks notice. yr piece a good reminder that it's never too late for plan B!
 excellent white paper on improving virtual meetings from   
 looking forward to today's webinar, Simply Effective: Communication that Cuts Complexity and Gets Things Done  
 RT  "4 things to do if a speaker cancels"   ...
  have you looked on top of your head?
 "Every conversation you have is about enrollment. Either you are enrolling people or you are being enrolled.”  
 RT  Asked 'What are differences between  and  new Sales OnDemand product?' on    ...
 it rains. it pours. gotta take it while you can
 fascinating conversation w Lucid execs about cognitive computing & how computers learn (just like us)    
 RT  The more you share, the more you have.
 One-stop source for tweets from the Arab world:  from NPR. Follow!
 RT  Thanks bro! MT  OTM talks to  (disclosure: my bro) about his rapid-fire tweets on Arab world unrest htt ...
 RT  RT  Two major HIPAA fines this week: Mass General fined $1m; Cignet fined $4.3m <- Somebody woke up HIPAA!
  that worked - thanks!
  John, that page is having trouble loading - seems like an ad is getting in the way
 RT  great refresher course by  when I feel like I'm not getting thru! Persuasive   <thx!
 awesome response by people to join our Business Ecology Practices group on LinkedIn . 45 new members today!  
 wow. so glad I decided to finish that last page before running out to the bank. smoke alarm just went off, furnace spewing smoke & soot!
 I have a few free passes to Optimization for Innovation conf  Ping me if you're a  or into     
 RT  Amazon Prime members can stream movies, TV shows for free 
 we are in an age of dispersion in biz performance -- what   calls digital spread
 watching  's zipcast 
   thanks for the offer but I can't DM you if you're not following me
 RT  My Latest: The Diminishing Science of Research in Technology Analyst Firms      ...
 beautiful RT  Surreal sea ice surrounds the volcanic island Shikotan in Kuril chain. View from EO-1 satellite. 
  not able to access that NIST doc on  guidelines for  - is there another way to get at it?
 creating new take on Persuasive Communication workshop  -- this one geared to a major software rollout  
 here's more on that Lafayette CIO position    
 Lafayette, LA: growing, wired, tech-savvy community (fiber to premise), seeking strategic CIO. wd b fun, interesting gig.   
 RT  As cloud grows, IT hiring flatlines   < bad news short term; good news 4 long-term demo trends 
 What are you waiting for? Get the recognition you and your team deserve! Deadline for CIO100 awards extende… (cont) 
 the original & still the best! RT  Extended deadline to Feb. 24th for CIO 100 awards. Apply here: 
 RT  People want to get better at what they do.     << I so agree; why don't more biz mng that way?
  there's an important place for what you're working on w/in the Business Ecology universe. I look forward to learning more! 
 excellent, useful feedback on Business Ecology fr  &  has got me rethinking some things. thanks guys 
 CIO_EC study how CIOs can strengthen bench, fix gaps in leadership team. crucial if IT to stay relevant. survey at  
  study how CIOs can strengthen bench, fix gaps in leadership team. crucial if IT to stay relevant. survey at  
 RT  Why The New York Times Will Lose to The Huffington Post. 
 RT  Just finished watching preschoolers play Duck-Duck-Goose. Reminded me of Red Team Reviews << too funny!
 wow - close to 1500 qualified respondents to this survey on  & competitive advantage. can't wait to dig into the data!
  thx. I'm in process of analyzing results of research on cloud & competitive advantage done for HBR analytic services gp
   I'd love to see results of the  survey when they're published. where/when shd I look for them?
 Business Ecology is a management imperative to make business more efficient, agile & sustainable in a networked world.  
 RT   Hi!  Try the Skype add-on "SuperTinTin" (), it can record video and audio sky ...
 RT   Skype call recorder is a great add on, creates a .mov file that can be edited w/garage band
 what's your favorite tool for recording  calls?
 RT  customers matter more than data abt them:  <<qualitative v. quant; both useful     
 bye, Google calendar - let me know when you're back
 love ths! RT   of future belongs 2 diff kind of mind–creators, empathizers, pattern recognizers, meaning makers
  ... but editor in me says this is 2 posts. cut 1st half & expand 2nd!
 RT   you might enjoy my blog post     << I agree on VRM...
  prescient in the sense they saw the way the world wd become. it's still not there yet. too much legacy to overcome
  yup - on a call this a.m. with the folks at  -- a new platform for  for  
 rereading/thinking about parts of the  manifesto. those guys were prescient
 RT  From ZDNet -- Facebook "Instant personalization" launches: How to disable it, and why 
 RT  The Battle for Tahrir Square -   useful diagram
 RT  Why We Need Cloud Integration Architecture (pls RT, comment)   
 RT  Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke says the U.S. can't fully recover from the recession until hiring improves:  -JP
 1st Biz Ecology conf is next month. engaging speakers, new ideas & practical take-aways. join us!     
 and that's as it should be >> RT  IT skills earn premium pay. IT certifications, not so much. 
 you wd have to be truly crazy to agree to speak in the last spot of a 5 day conference ending at noon on Friday... I am not crazy. really
 nice headline npr RT  Stop The Presses: Murdoch's iPad Newspaper Debuts 
  pls RT responses you get to your pc/laptop to mac air Q
 RT  Who says there's no geekery in football? Get a video tour of the tech behind the Superbowl 
 RT   On  Evite program easily tampered w, researcher says  <<never trusted Evite
 RT  Outstanding post from  on  transformation. Absolutely must-read   
 'bout time, IDG >> RT  RT  CFOworld.com is now live! IDG Enterprise's newest site. 
 talking w/Martin Curley, director of Intel Labs & the Innovation Value Institute, about sustainable IT
 RT  Oops...  accidentally deletes user's 4,000 photos 
 thanks for RTs & comments         !
 Business Ecology and Customer Connections    
 great to catch up  - belatedly just ordered The Real Business of IT: How CIOs Create & Communicate Value. must read 4 what I do!
  sure, as an enabling technology
  I also like "let's unpack that" - signifies there's a lot there to work with
 RT  Over-streamlining processes can lead to endless wrangling & decision making gridlock. Big issue.  
 Can large enterprises overcome their own solipsism & legacy mental models to place themselves in a larger context?  
 new blog post: Business Ecology and Customer Connections    
  do u ever see  b/c ppl hang up on streamlining processes instd of focusing on data?    
 Processes are often regarded as stable & therefore reliable b/c their desc leads us to think so.   
 this is going to be a great event! RT  Only a month & a half away: Optimization for Innovation -   
  interesting! IT Offshoring Savings Declined for Past 5 Years   by CIO.com
 RT  NPR's  has put together a Twitter list of people we're monitoring re:   
 RT  RT  The FBI’s gargantuan IT problem:   >>great reporting, Kim <<yes!
 RT  SaaS, PaaS, and IaaS: A security checklist for cloud models  on 
 looking forward to reading Business Model Generation - shd be helpful to business ecology thinking. thx for suggestion  
 fascinating conversation w/Harvey Koeppel, Center for CIO Leadership.  great to see that org thriving 
 Ice dams on roof? fill pantyhose w ice melt & lay vertically to hang over edge of roof. creates channel for runoff 
 RT  Resp to tht-provoking thread by  on   group    <<thx 4 weighing in!
 RT  "Sneak Preview" of Forrester's Clay Richardson's preso 4 upcoming Optimization 4 Innovation conference: 
 nice piece, KMB! RT  10 Ways to Get More Out of  
 RT  There are two main deployments of SCRM that I'm seeing: 1) Brand Monitoring + CRM 2) SMMS + Email Marketing
 RT  Looking 4 users  & owners of     online or prem. Contact Chris. MS partners need not reply
 RT  RT  Unisys survey: 45% of users planning private cloud, 21% hybrid cloud, 15% public cloud 
 RT  10 Ways to Get More Out of LinkedIn 
 How CIOs build cred... Good interview with MIT's  "Taking Charge Of The Value Conversation"   
 snow emergency and parking ban 9 pm tonight to noon tomorrow  
 really? RT  Rep. Dennis Kucinich sues House cafe for sandwich wrap that caused dental damage Plain Dealer 
 how cool. RT  Daily online mindfulness meditation 
 outside-in view of business ecology: How markets & communities work & how businesses fit into that. thanks   
 thanks  for calling me for that resked'ed flight & letting me cancel w/out penalty. great customer service!
 categories for SNW’s Best Practices Awards incl. data center, virtualization, cloud, storage...  via 
 RT  Submit your IT organization's successful project to Computerworld's SNW Best Practice Awards 
  or just gather up all the limbs that fell in our yard after the last few storms!
  thanks! the deck is something I use in a live workshop; discussion points, examples. video a good idea for promo, tho
  our wood stove is energy-efficient, & we have an insert in our fireplace w/catalytic combustor, but I do worry abt that
 down to the last row of wood in the wood shed. going to be a chilly Feb
 me 2! RT  Looking forward 2 wrkn w  & nailing Persuasive Comm in  implement'n  
  thanks for the RT. Governance & process both important pieces of business ecology! 
  new gig: launching ASUGNews.com w/ Courtney B    << have fun Tom; ASUGers lucky to have you!
 we now interrupt this workday to winterize the float 
 To optimize, think big; biz ecology incl. strategy, architecture, process, data, governance      
 RT   How to write a great speech: 5 secrets for success  << so simple, so hard!
 thanks  &  re: Congrats on becoming Exec Director of the Business Ecology Initiative   
 RT  Ignorance should be respected because of its amazing and vicious self-preservation skills
 great name for strategy co. led by Chunka Mui: the devil's advocate group. stress test your strategy.   
 IT has been to business what radiation has been to superheros  time to normalize the mutants  
 Business Ecology - what's it all about?   
 working on research project w HBR analytic services:  computing & competitive advantage.   who want in: ping me for invite
 my first mini post on the Business Ecology blog - what's it all about?   
  agree w priorities but there's more to  role. The Internet of Things and the Cloud CIO of the Future 
 good, meaty post RT  Laying Pavement for the Future-State CIO Journey by Louie Ehrlich, Chevron's CIO  
 1 problem w biz modeling: getting accurate data is hard. people lie, guess, make stuff up. good interviewing skills a must  
 RT  Just out. World Economic Forum 2011 Rpt on Global Risks. Tour de Force. Be afraid, inspired   
  thanks. I'll circle back in a month or two to see if I can't talk you into getting involved
 great idea for Burnhams Field. RT   Community Plots Available First Come Basis contact  
 looking for a speaker on Improving customer awareness & response through social networking for NYC conference in October. suggestions?
