  Hope you get some good sleep on the plane then...
  So probably arriving around 1:00am I suspect?
 Cloud Based Apps -  Real time notes: 
 At Oakland International Airport getting ready to go to Union Square 
  Tried TM on GooDocs for a while. Falls short at brokerage level. Can work at team level IMHO. Reg/Compliance issues 
  Habits. Got to break the habits. Going to an office is a habit. Set expectations up front and eliminate cost 
  I think you have to learn it well enough to outsource it and do both while you still enjoy it IMHO. 
  It's that 10 - 20% that are slowing accumulating marketshare in their respective markets. 
 Thanks  for posting this stream to G+ 
 You would think the Smithsonian would have Mobile Friendly QR codes.  Nope...  Regular website. 
  might pass you in Denver airport.  Changing planes on way to  leaving SEA now
 I'm attending  in 90 minutes and you should too. Please enter me in the drawing for the iPad2. " Please RT
   &  are all panelists on Monday  9:00am PST in the free virtual event  
 I'm attending  on Monday and you should too. Please enter me in the drawing for the iPad2. 
 Heading to  Charlotte tomorrow.  Flying in from Boston.  Is there a pre-tweetup tonight?
 In Portsmouth NH for weekend...  Hanging out on the East Coast...  1/2 Marathon on Sunday in Rye, NH
 I was starting to like Enterprise Rent a Car until today when I found out they aren't open on Sundays at most locations...
 Rainforest Alliance Certified seems like a joke:  I'm now more concerned with the other 70%.  
 Jay Leno Sighting   Universal CityWalk 
 Enjoying  talk about Video...  Best advise I've heard in one session on video and only 1/2 way through. 
 RT  RT  Everyone at  needs: .  [Just got my first coffee from App - Free delivery!]
 Traditionalists at  (via Amplify) 
 Seems "Real Estate Agent of The Future" is a standard traditional agent training.  
 So far I've been asked by at least 5 of the who's who at  when I'm doing my session.  Sounds like the stage is calling me...
 Heading to  pre  at 
 Looking forward to being able to be in the virtual office of  on an iPad on a plane...  This will happen in the next few months.
 Hey Daniel: Are you going to   Is the zebra suit resolved yet?  Let's catch up.
  B-) You made it to Fairhaven...  Be back on Saturday after attending RETechSouth in Atlanta the next couple of days...
 Tweeting on a plane on way to   Be on the ground in 3 hours!
 I've made plans for REtechSouth - Tweetup 
 RT  Date & Location Just Announced: Agent Reboot Boston!   - I'm in! Love the  tour!
 Enjoying digging into  The Thank You Economy this morning over coffee and a scone 
  well if Big Pharma called it the iPill they would probably have a legal issue with Apple :-).
  has much better return / exchange policy then  IMHO.
 Since  wouldn't refund either I left them with crappy product (didn't take with me) and went to  and bought new Sony.
 Not Happy with  Return/exchange policy. Refused to exchange a new defective Samsung Blu Ray Player. Wanted to repair not exchange.
  I have iPad2 envy...  At least I still my first gen iPad for coffee and news this morning!
  You saying you would have preferred my drink which was much older? ;)
  Never had 150 year old Grand Marnier before. Bartender recommended I try it. Loved the buttery texture.  Awesome Property!
 150 Year Old Grand Marnier   Royal Palms Resort & Spa 
 Be sure to check out  booth.  Free drawing for 2 of  Book - The Thank You Economy 
 Be sure to check out  booth.  Free drawing for 2 of  Book - The Thank You Economy 
  Just finished masterminding a way for new builders to move unsold inventory in Phoenix metro!  Interested? Message me :-)
 Woohoo!   is the latest sponsor for  in Scottsdale on March 16th.  Come see what all the buzz is about at our table!
  Now if you did that Pi thing from memory that would be scary.
 I have to say, Coffee tastes better the day after clocks spring forward!
 RT  Do You Know a Social Butterfly? Someone With Mobile Mojo? Or an Awesome Blogger (in Arizona?)  
 I'm at home: Trying out Ditto
 My computer never sounded this good before.  Just installed  with EPZero Sub.  
 RT  Dear  How many bridges are you gonna burn?  [cut off nose to spite your face...]
 Hey   You are popular.  You're featured all the newly launched .  
 Fringes tweets on both sides (ie. COE / Copyrights) distract from the real issue IMHO. 
 RT  RT  ARIZONA Realtors & Brokers: Nominate your picks for the People's Choice Awards  
  - Your Project Snowrider /  post made the featured article on 
 Awesome video featuring  Washington  Discovered on our new site 
  thoughts on   
  Yep...  I think we are hard to include because what we do is so paradigm shifting.
   starting in 15 minutes at 
  is teaching WordPress in 10 minutes at  Seattle
 Check out www.qik.com/glenndsanford  
 RT  "adopt a mobile strategy around 'how's the market.'".  
  I did see Inman article. Be interesting to see fallout.  Everything is a learning experience.
 Daniel on Stage   Agent Reboot Seattle  
 The post- Seattle Tweetup is 4-7pm  Address & RSVP   
 Daniel on Stage   Agent Reboot Seattle 
 Which way do I go   Washington State Convention Center 
  I'm thinking there is a battery needed for a smoke detector :) - Liked the vid!
 Time to get into gear and get over to  Seattle.
 RT  Got to meet  tonight IRL and I'm impressed with him bigtime! A quick 365 post about it:  ...
 Check out our new News site for Bellingham Washington 
 Check out what showed up on my  reader on my  this morning    Can't wait to dig in!
  Re: Finances...  I hope they are influenced by the mistakes as well as the successes.
  I'll be there    Should be a lot of great stuff being shared!
 RT  UPDATE:  In which I explain my decision to retire the stripes:    
  I think  said:   Seattle post 
  I thought that was a pretty ironic tweet to Retweet. :D
 RT  You can't do today's business with yesterday's tools and expect to be in business tomorrow - Dave Liniger 
  Cost for AZ exibitor?  DM me please!
  You might be right.  I'm having trouble finding Gears in Docs.  Looks like it may have been dropped.
 RT  Anyone willing to sponsor a post-  for $150 at 
  Count me in! for being one of the sponsors for a post- Seattle 
 Google before you tweet: 
 RT   met the  guys in our state - smart bunch. Liked them a lot.  [thnx for the shoutout!]
 RT  Well, well.  Just saw where  Made a Platinum contribution to  & are attending May 6th, 2011!  AWESOME ...
  I believe you can if you install Google Gears.  It will sync with local machine and be available anywhere you have Internet
  I hear ya.  We Google Docs exclusively and will print pdf's for those who need something standalone they can print.
  No, Don't do it!!!  OpenOffice.org or Google Docs!  IMHO :D
  Maybe even the photo capture system would auto navigate the house like a roomba vacuum. 
  I was thinking more of a camera that kept track of where it was in the house and took 100's of 360s with auto navigation.
  Now if we could do the 360's like Google does Street Views, then I think they would.
  Thanks for the update. Village Books is 1 block from where I live.  Hoping to fit it in.
  Sounds like a plan! See you Wednesday.
  at the moment 3   Seattle, Scottsdale next week and Charlotte May 3rd.
 RT  Seattle agents, I have a few free passes available for  next Wed - DM me ifninterested!
 Dilemma: Going to  in AZ on the 16th. The 17th  is book signing  walking distance from my condo in Bellingham.
  Is  coming to Bellingham?  If so when and where if you wouldn't mind sharing.
 RT  Learn from this real estate superstar  build your community! Agent Reboot Seattle  
 Granville Island Lager   Bridges Restaurant 
 Heading to Vancouver in a few minutes.  Weather looks great for hanging on Granville Island
 Top 10 things heard at a Zebra Trial:   
  I'm thinking a different hashtag is in order for   Lots of noise on that one.
 Just read my first  update of the morning!  from  
 Time for a glass of Merlot :D
 RT  RT  Y can't I watch the ustream...? [Y not missing anything.. in fact, you're gaining a lot by not watching it.]
  &  - I couldn't take  anymore.  However got inspired to check out UStream Producer Application
  Employees who were first satisfied customers.  I remember a company with low turnover that used this strategy.
  B-) Let me know what you think of Friendly!
  I think Ustream uses Akamai in order to scale...  So I would think there may be clusters that are impacted. not everyone
  Friendly isn't great, but its not bad either.  Better then Facebook on the web on iPad. IMHO
  49000+ Viewers already to watch Charlie talk Epic... 
  Have you downloaded Friendly for Facebook on iPad?
 Walking Around Fairhaven   Colophon Café 
  Did I hear 
 Be glad you aren't fighting over the name Bergeron...   
 RT  My Top 3 Takeaways from  (video) 
 Weather is looking pretty awesome today in Bellingham at least for 44% :D
 Social Media creates Mutual Knowledge which Challenges the Dominant Players. 
 RT  oh this is just WRONG. awesomely wrong:  
 Just got a message Gizmo5 won't work after April 3.  Gizmo5 better then Google Voice integration then GMail IMHO.  :(
  I saw you yesterday at  however you were on the phone.  Wanted to say hi!
 Avatar Change Alert!
 RT  eXpansion Alert: Virginia Turns BLUE 
  For sure...  It's a lot more fun to run a server anyway.  With CPanel and Fantastico lots of cool Apps to try out if on Linux.
  VPS as in Virtual Private Server or something else?
 I'm heading to AZ for a pre-season Baseball game on Mar 15th with some some of the  team followed by  on the 16th.
  Agreed: Look at what happens to a roadway if not maintained.  Biological / Organic will always win given enough time.
 RT  Mobs, markets, open source, ideas, information, social networking, internet, life. All examples of self-organizing systems....
 I think we will eventually conclude: "Mobs" are organic and mimic the white blood cell response in a diseased society. 
 Anyone know of a Green Residential Housekeeping/Cleaning Service in Scottsdale Arizona? No harsh chemicals or cleansers.
 Another Zebra sighting   
 Good debate / discussion in The Yelp Generation 
 Topics which could be controversial at  Religion, Politics and Zebras 
 Check out the eXp Office in the sponsor lounge   Find out what Immersive means.  Drawing for Free Custom WordPress site.
 First Zebra sighting of the morning   
 Alive, Alert, and Enthusiastic! 
 Okay...  Anyone want my old iPad...  I want a new iPad 
 The Zebra Brand in Real Estate  
 The Zebra Brand in Real Estate 
 RT  For those attending  on Thursday, let's talk WordPress 
 Thanks for the shout out  on Today's archived  Radio show |  |
 Are you noticing that some books are more expensive on the Kindle then as a book in Amazon book store? 
 Glad I have a large hard drive.  Compressing 26 minutes of full screen video for  showing walking through of  Office.
  I'm pretty sure I already know a few people that use that tm.  I know. I've done deals with them.  
 RT  You wanted to  and you have.    Thank you.
 RT  If the Egyptians can use Twitter to bring down Mubarak, we can use it to 
 RT  At this rate Jay's article will end up being required reading for marketing degrees.    ...
 Tomorrow morning  XCamp we are going to roundtable Social Media Reputation based on weekend's activities 
  it seemed that her and Nick were like 20% of the stream and for what...  I didn't get it. Unfollow or don't follow hashtag IMHO
  It's interesting to see unmotivated people motivated to demotivate others just because they are not very ambitious.
  Did you just Tweet 12 times over the last hour about  and then complaining about spam? 
 RT  I am no longer a Mongooze in the  I am now a  Sue me!!! 
 Already liking the Wildebeest and endurance   on the  
 RT  The Lones Group gives us a lesson in how NOT to respond to a digital meltdown - The Cor..  
 RT  "You got a dream, protect it." 
    You can get 98% right and screw-up on the last 2% and totally fail.  
 I wonder what Apple will say about these guys when they find out: .  
 RT   remind me to never piss off a bunch of realtor blogger/sm gurus!  
 Power of Social Media: Search Google for "Destroying Your Brand Online"  Thanks 
 RT  Case Study: Destroying Your Brand Online. How the Lones Group destroyed their brand  
 RT  RT  Pay Attention To Your True Brand 
 I can't wait of these babies to arrive...  .  Bought the optional Sub-Woofer as well.  My home office will Rock!
 Our Hero -  
 eXp Realty - A Search Story  
 Support  add a  now! -  - Create one here - 
 Check out all this coverage on Google:  
  I do.  I wrote  yesterday. No response. I would have expected some damage control by now. 
  I do.  I wrote  yesterday. No response. I can't believe they haven't done damage control yet. 
 RT  We sincerely thank everyone for their support - Daniel certainly doesn't deserve this nor does our small family brokera ...
 There is a major lesson here.  Do a search with 
 Dove down the  Rabbit Hole today.  FB, Twitter and Donated...  How about you?
 Anyone interested in writing a review:  
 RT  I know I shouldn't have, but I did     Love it!!!
 RT  Check out  avatar. It's Zebra-ized. I love it.
 RT   |  | I have a short list of people I KNOW I'd want in a foxhole with me. This guy is on that list... ;)
 RT   RT  The Lones Group offers "Serengeti On-Demand" printing. Maybe  should sue them.  ...
 Inman article on legal suit filed by  
 RT  BLOG post: Avatars in the Boardroom - A Presentation at Tuck School of Business    ...
  This is a hailstorm of bad PR.  I know both parties and I'd much rather be Daniel.
 RT    Google's new "Social Search" isn't looking too hot for the lones group...
  Very B-) Scott Mendell Daily...  I hadn't seen this before.  Kind of like Flipboard on the iPad but for the Web...
 Why Wordpress Trumps Custom or Template Websites 
 Grip of Death impacts Verizon iPhone 4 reception...   BTW: I love my iPhone 4 even on AT&T
  There are also a lot of really successful entrepreneurs who are on Twitter as well... 
 RT  How many do you have? Dear Google, I Have More Than 10,000 Contacts  (via 
 RT  2002 "Rookie of the Year" Jeff Jordan Joins eXp Realty in Washington 
 Best txt message received today...  "If you had a Like Button, I would push it!"
 RT  Zuckerberg Comic Book- The Newest Superhero! (seriously!): 
  It seems that you are good at a lot of things...  So maybe a small staff then ;)
 Bricks and Mortar RE Firm filing Chapter 11: 
 If you could design a company which you would then work for what would that company do for you?
  And in the case of Elance and ODesk 90% of monies go to people in that country.  More efficient and has spill over effects.
  Considering that it's way more efficient to hire someone then give to a Charity.   Up to 90% of Charity goes to management.
   was IMHO better then most events agents pay to go to.  Great job!
 Why do we consider sending money to a charity supporting people in another country better then hiring someone in that same country?
 Morning Leadership meeting at  
 Top 6 reasons for RE: hired or fired, hitched or ditched, someone born or died according to:  
 Prerecorded Skype Call with  and   
 Photo of  and  
 Watching  talk about Mobile Marketing  
  I just saw your info on Dan's flyer... What a coincidence 
 Trouble Makers at  
  Dan Keller just mentioned you 
 "if you're broke I'm your best option" said by  
 Your Honor, I'm innocent.  I was only doing it for my health... 
 RT  If you're coasting, you're either losing momentum or else you're headed downhill.
 The world is Obsessed with Facebook by Alex Trimpe: 
 My new 27" LCD Monitor next to my 17" screen Asus G60...  Love it! 
  That happened last night which created the productive project idea in the first place...
  Hey Sheri, Thanks for noticing.  Very B-) to be written up.
 Starting to notice too many installed Apps on Google Apps is making email too busy...
  Master Cleanse...  jk...  Seriously though...  Burn more calories then you take in via 30 of min exercise 5 days per week.
  Hi...  Twitter works!
 RT  Throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find happiness!  ...
 RT  If your business isn't moving then you need to.
  Thinking about Success earlier today.  Not sure true success comes from determination.  I think Success is a Mindset...
 Just saying that most things big started small. 
 I believe Apple started in a Garage and then IBM lost the PC race 
 I agree.  Resources would accelerate growth, however that hasn't happened yet... 
 Us small guys are working at becoming big guys... :D 
 RT  [ SHOUT OUT ]  Thanks "  for being a sponsor... RE Barcamp Seattle 2011... 
 Cellphone study shows one hour exposure changes brain activity -  - Good thing I use a headset :D
 Why is it that as soon as I want to work on a productive project... I always feel like a nap. :)
 Watch out Twitterverse...  After a lot of soul searching I decided my social interactions shouldn't be limited to just Facebook!
 Watching  do a presentation on how to use Twitter and TweetAdder Application inside of  virtual office.
 Note to self:  Don't wear a fabric knee brace through security checkpoint unless you want the new patdown done on you.
  Saw you briefly today.  Hoping to catch up tomorrow (later today) 
 Just spotted  at  
 Getting ready to have lunch with the always stimulating thinker  
 Considering the cost of food in NYC Being a Premium member with Inman pays for itself with the Premium members lounge 
 Broker Bootcamp  
 At Phoenix Sky Harbor waiting for car.  You'd think  would have it together.  Nope!
  this is ridiculous.  Prestige collection reservation not here then wait 30 mins for clean and gas 
 Dinner of champions or lemonade cleansers 
 It worked.  iPad on Treadmill.  
 Going to work on attaching the iPad to the treadmill and speakers.  Pic later if successful.
 Streaming music directly from iPhone to Stereo via  AirTines / WiFi with iOS 4.2 update  Bat dropping 1% / 2 mins
 My office for the afternoon:  Woods Coffee  Boulevard Park - Bellingham.
 I think I ate some not so good NOLA Seafood.  It's that or too much Bourban on Bourban Street.
 RT  All I want to know is who made the executive decision to have David Hasselhoff sign autographs at  Was Bar ...
 RT  THIS should be a GREAT session! RT  Doing a deep dive on branding via blogging with  in room r06  ...
 Note to self:  Don't get a hotel room on Bourban Street if you want to sleep before 4:00am. Need a nap 
 In search of some Gumbo.  Won't be hard to find here. 
 Want to move your firm onto the cloud?    in Atrium  Starbucks now    Up steps first table on Right. Let's meet
 Deja Vu 
 Heading to  and scouting out location for a   around 4:00 this afternoon.  Any ideas?
 Anyone at  want to round table Going Virtual as a brokerage? Hashtag  to collaborate on a 
 Who uses their airport code as their city hashtag 
 Learning about Twitter  :-) 
 Thinking submitting a Topic What it means to go 100% online/virtual/immersive as a brokerage   today.
 You would think I could use Google Chrome to order more Google Apps Accounts using Google Checkout.  Nope! Had to use Firefox...  
 Commitment Phobia and your Sales Career 
 Life would be much easier if I let others do my thinking for me.  Not as interesting I submit, but easier.
 Just finished an awesome 13 mile mid-afternoon run.  Rethinking workout schedule.  3 long runs with 2 days of Judo cross training
 Video from my run today - Larrabee State Park Chuckanut Drive 
  hanging with people you know is not networking.  Networking involves a degree of interpersonal risk. We tend to be risk averse
 RT  Gamification gone bad!  The 'professionals' have got it wrong. RT 
  solid growth nationally.  Just opened up KY and NC this last week. Hoping for NJ next and a couple more on horizon. How's biz 4 u?
  Ultimately everything is about the Big Why. Even if we can't articulate it we are all motivated by it. Now to just mold it...
 Reflections on Why How and What Ted Talk Video 
 12 mile morning run.  See everyone in about 2 hours :D
 You know there is something wrong with the postal service when The Postal Union Election is postponed when  (cont) 
 I'm finalizing my taxes for 2009 in advance of the October 15th deadline using H&R TaxCut Online and I need (cont) 
 Google Property Sites Presentation inside of XCamp this morning:  Discussi (cont) 
 I got my butt kicked by a chess program thats only 1023 bytes from the Javascript 1K challenge...  
  UFO on Tape is a pretty unique use of the iPhone Accelerometer. Though I've only played it about 12 times.  Can't help sharing it
 Foreclosure moratorium - an unexpected shoe to drop 
 My First Amplify Post 
  I just saw the previous one on Amplify.  Looking forward to checking out the new one!
 Another Brick from the Wall  from 
 Trying out a few new apps on my new iPhone 4.  Fun new one is "UFO on Tape"...  Featured in the App store.
 I captured 00:00:47 of footage in 'UFO on Tape'! Seriously unbelievable! ;) 
 I just registered for REBarCampNewOrleans  
 Just sent my registration in for the Las Vegas Rock and Roll Marathon...  December 5th - Another Marathon!
 Just picked up a new Microsoft over the ear headset with a great noise canceling mic.  Now I can be in the  office  Starbucks!
  Thanks for the shoutout! - We are working as well to attract Amazing Socially Connected agents like you as well! :D
 a “Non-Techy” Realtor’s perspective in a Virtual World(Brokerage) -  - via 
 Smart Phone Apps - Revisited Starting now.  From  Portland -  
 Starting a Professional RE Network   
 XCamp starts now.   to view live!
 Hazard of running a marathon: Body Temp - Just took my second cold bath of the day as my body temp was 101 and need to cool down to sleep
  Wet weather was perfect for the Marathon.  At the beginning I thought it might be too warm.  The light rain was awesome.
 No coveted exit row on Southwest tomorrow to Phoenix. Checked in 24 hrs in advance less 23 minutes.  Ended up with B Group.
 A bunch of crazy runners and myself Bellingham Bay Marathon start 
 Alive, Alert, Awake and Enthusiastic - Heading to Bellingham Bay Marathon...  Woohoo...  26.2 miles in awesome running weather. 
 Cool way to watch your friends Tweet - .  Watching everyone's tweets pop up on a map in real time.
   new  site rocks as well.  Launched earlier today!
  You're right - "Can't put a dollar value on fun..."  You can however put a dollar value on a Disney Vacation!
 The follow-up from the viral Jaoquin Phoenix interview a year and a half ago this last Wednesday  - Dave Rocks as always
  Disneyland...  Expensive...  Total rumor... jk
 The eXp Strategy for online RE domination: Content + SEO primary then Social Media and Blogging to back it all up.
 Wrapping up   Almost time to network.
 Digital Media is forever - Must remember that! -  ...  Another Tweet permanently affixed to the Twittisphere! :)
  and  on stage with  
 RT  Sold out. Crowd of over 600 at www.agentreboot.com Portland.  
  has mentioned  a few times as a place to connect with potential clients 
 RT  Clicks to closings at  from  < love the slide 
 Here is a snapshot from iThoughts HD of my notes from Mobile Mojo   
 Want the list of Smart Apps from  in a Mindmap or PDF DM or  reply email address and I'll send over.  Built with iThoughts HD 
  is getting ready to dance 
  Great to meet you IRL yesterday and Happy Birthday!  I'm sure I'll see you at 
  my guess is I'm then looking at your back ;)  In the cheap seats...
 Got lucky on Hotwire yesterday.  Actually got the Holiday Inn where  is at for $79.  Very convenient! 
 House of cards? Banks can now count money they have yet to earn as capital. 
 Why would anyone not want to work out a home office? 
 I-5 South pretty slow downtown Seattle 
 Just left Bellingham for Portland PREBoot 
 Now I remember why I normally have Facebook chat turned off.  There are now Facebook Chat Viruses.  Two Pop-up chats with "videos" I'm in.
 via  in  - "Virtual Office has created a major boost in productivity" 
 I was scheduled to mow the lawn today.  Like a good delegater... Heard a local lawn mowing company out the window...  Lawn now mowed.
  You can tell him everything you know and there is still no way he'll keep up!  The best he'll be able to do is talk about it.
  Performance Review: I agree if the goals are ambiguous.  If they are concrete and measurable then a PR is a good coaching tool.
  Getting ready to add another  for the NC Team!
 How to use positive thinking to help a friend with a health issue:  
 I'm alive, alert, awake enthusiastic...
 RT  We're pleased to announce the paperwork for eXp Realty North Carolina has been submitted, website... 
 Mobile Media for Real Estate  Live 
 We're broadcasting this morning from  .  Check out XCamp  9:00am PST
 RT  Sign up for Agent Reboot Portland - 3 days away! For $20 off use code 'TWITTER'   (I'll be there!)
 Not sure this makes our job any easier... 
 The future of web browsing in chrome according to Google:   
  I wonder how many of those are RE agents? 
 Looking forward to next week's   But first a 10 mile run this morning...  See you on the trails!
 Very B-) line from  Breakthrough.. "The price of admission here. If you Can't then you Must!" - New personal mission statement?
  You could just download the Kindle App to the iPad and skip the whole Kindle instruction manual.
 $90 in Best Buy Rewards Certificates.  One of them expires tomorrow.  Wonder what I should get...  Maybe a game... hmmm
  Think 3D immersive, WebGL... VRML ...  
   More: Think more like Second Life, World of Warcraft, Open Sim or 
 Hard to believe that a Yellow Page sales person can make a living in today's Internet economy. Probably on used one twice in last year.
 RT  Brian Culhane and Eddi Hughes have been sprucing up the entry to the Corporate Office and Training Centers.  ...
 Just installed my first Hobby Virtual World on my desktop machine.  Now need to set up NAT Routing to make it accessible to others.
 Roy Amara "We tend to overestimate the effect of a technology in the short run and underestimate the effect in the long run." 
 How work is changing: Work Ted vs Game Ted - A Convergence - 
 RT  Avatars learn gestures to match your tone of voice   
 RT  If you're aren't getting rejected on a daily basis, your goals aren't ambitious enough. 
 Tomorrow:Trying out 1-800-Junk.  Probably 1/2 a truck load of stuff.
 Interesting Prediction from Total Engagement: 80% of Information Workers will have an Avatar either at Work or at Home by 2011.
 Okay...  Gladinet is quickly becoming my favorite Virtual Cloud based Drive and I've only owned it for a bit over an hour...
 Moving Files from Box.net to Google Docs (Apps) via Drag and Drop and a Virtual Drive via  Gladinet  Cloud Desktop  
 I think I need a back up to my back up drive to my current back-up drive.  All because my iTunes library is getting too large.
  Thanks for the info. I'm unfollowing some right now to make room to follow a few more I want to follow using friend or follow
 Anyone else having trouble following people on Twitter?  Over 2 years I'm now following 2001 and it won't let me follow any more (rules?)
 Packet Pick-up  
 Beautiful morning in Bellingham...  Couldn't have picked a better day for the Fairhaven Runners Waterfront 15K 
 The Web is Dead...  Long live the Internet 
 Time to hit the sack.  Fairhaven Waterfront 15K in the morning with  - 
 Why is it that after the first cup of coffee when you start feeling its effects (awake & at bit jittery) one wants another cup?
 Gotta go recommandeer my headset for the morning leadership meeting 
 You would think that Google Premier customers could buy more storage for Google Docs.  Nope...  Only free GMail users can. FAIL
 BTW: Office HD is an iPad App.  Forgot to mention that
 Office HD integrated with Google Docs...  Very nice!
 Now that Google Docs does most of what Box.net does, I've been working on moving files.   Still looking for an easy way to sync the two.
 Filling out those captcha's you might actually be digitizing books -  - developed by this guy 
 TOTAL ENGAGEMENT - Using Games and Virtual Worlds to Change the Way People Work and Businesses Compete [25Aug10] 
 It's been a couple of months however I'm going to get in a Jujits workout this evening.  Break up the 40 - 50 miles per week of running.
 Looking for Real Estate Clock Hour Trainers in Washington State looking for a unique venue.  DM me if you have some suggestions.
 RT  A new logo on Google tonight. Each key you press brings more color.
 Cool YouTube video of what our future Smart Devices might be like: 
 The coming Tweetbomb - A Tweet To Shake The World 
 RT  twitter is "like sugar, nicotine, and alcohol all rolled into 140 characters." - LMAO
 The new Boardroom is ready for tomorrow morning's leadership and broker roundtable.  
 Check out what the  team has been up to: 
 Check out  as a quick and easy project manager.  Just watched the videos and got some great additional ideas.
 Screen sharing in a pinch -   .  From the folks at Logmein and its free.
 Just realized that when scheduling a recurring meeting in DimDim one needs an ending date otherwise it is not recurring.
 How the Social Web and Text Messaging is Displacing the Telephone: 
 RT  Just finished writing: 22 Businesses Called to Get one Hello!  - The Video well worth the watch
 3D coming soon to a browser near you with no plug-ins or downloads...  WebGL 
 RT  Are Real Estate Agents Becoming Obsolete? - 
  Make that 215,001.  Just checked it out and some very B-) antiques! 
 Just bought the book on my iPad "The Most Successful Small Business in the World" by one of my favorite authors 
 Thinking of Syndicating the best of XCamp to blip.tv.  Could be like the virtual world for Ted style talks 
 How do you know if Bellingham is a runner's city: When you get passed while running by Mayor Dan Pike on Taylor Dock. (earlier today)
  Are you doing the  in November? I'll be running that one the week before Vegas R&R. - Off for a run!
 Ran out of coffee this morning so just ordered 700 cups from .  Love 
  I don't know the calc on Bellingham trails and parks however I think Paradise is the whole Pacific Northwest this time of year!
 Google Wave to be Open Sourced as Wave in a box - 
 Here's an Apple poster I have owned since 1980 - in case you thought I wasn't a geek at heart :D 
 Missed yesterday's 9 mile run so I turned this morning's 7 into 13...  Great pace as well.  1 hour 53 minutes for effectively a 1/2 marathon
 How businesses are using the iPad 
 Just updated  Independent Contractors Agreement to reflect 80/20 Split with NEW $16,000 Cap program.
 Google launching a Chrome OS tablet on Verizon, goes on sale November 26 
 Shipping For Sale Signs to Indiana and Open House Signs and Directionals to Mass...
 RT  Facebook Marketing Tips: Make the Most of Your Fan Page  - Need a page? check out:  
 I'm up and ready for an awesome day!  - First things first 7 miles on the road here I come :D
 GMail, continuing to innovate.  Now there is the Priority Inbox...  
 Really enjoying down tempo music from "The Album Leaf"...  Listening to "In a Safe Place" and have bought 4 albums in the last month.
 Did first presentation via DimDim...  Kind of rough learning how to present in this new platform.  I know I'll be better next time.
 Making the Transition from GotoMeeting to DimDim this next week for Online Presentations.  Wish me luck!
 Watching a great video by  in Vancouver Canada 
 RT  MUST READ for  (this means you,  - from   value of facial expressions
 RT  Flexible work is a myth, leaving women frustrated and miserable (yikes!):  - (hmm... Real Estate Anyone)
 Interested in what the new Internet Explorer might look like? 
 Testing out a new "Office Environment" for eXp Realty.  Agents and clients be able to come in off the street "web" right into our office.
 Burger King's Pizza Burger: Worst Burger Ever? 
 RT  Nice one! RT  Thanks to great sponsors like  &   is gonna be more fun'n a shoot-the-c ...
 RT  Thanks to great sponsors like  &   is gonna be more fun'n a shoot-the-chute! 
 I mean Flipboard!
 Switching to Flipbook on iPad to read Twitter...  Love Flipbook :D
   Thanks for the shoutout!
