 RT  Time to 20 million users: Google+ vs Twitter and Facebook  via 
 Quality 90s summer poprock 
 Photographers, get ye arses down to the bearded lady motorcycle rally on 13th NE! cc:  
  this tai chi man - does he wear pants?
  I used to like singing "Did you have to smell my finger" instead of "linger."
 Governor Springsteen of New Jersey?  via 
 RT  "No one will bomb us to silence. No one will shoot us to silence. No one will ever scare us away from being Norway." -Jens ...
 Pants status: 
 RT  Home ownership rates in MN are 73% for whites, 1st in the Nation. Blacks...not so much. 
 KRS One: "The entire universe is made of mind."  Quantum physics up in here! 
 So so happy hearing the new  song on  Here they were  Turf Club exactly 1 year ago. 
 “ The new office  is coming along well. 360 Panorama ” Whoa cool!
 “ 1-2 inches of rain in 30 minutes. Sounds like just what the basement needs about now.  Better get out basement boat.
 Stormy weather, my dear old friend...
 RT  They create QR-codes for hobos—(scroll down, via  
 RT  Still drooling over this SLR mount for iPhone:    ...
 Looks like another jampact week! Somebody: Remake this Donna Summer music vid with geeks + social entrepreneurs: 
 Don't miss it: Benefit Concert for North Minneapolis Tornado Relief with KRS-One & Slum Village: 
 95, feels like 108...in my pants
 RT  One of our board members, Nick Coleman, talks candidly about his career, The Strib, and the future of journalism.  ...
 RT  A Look Into the Ocean’s Future -  - 
 “ Colder by the Lake, the 70s Rich Shefchik/Eric Eskola tune ” Nice cuff! Eskola Goes Punk.
   Harry Pooter = ha! 
 RT  Focusing a New Kind of Journalism on a City’s Needs 
 I can't believe Harry Potter slayed R2D2!
 RT  I'm the man on the silver mountain. Sorry to not mention it sooner. Just found out myself.
  is rocking the radio transmission waves on  - sweet! 
 Jelly shots, who wants jelly shots? 
    Can't wait to see the space transform and evolve. We'll be injecting mutant DNA into CoCo's veins. :-D
 RT  More signs point to a lengthy siege | StarTribune.com  
    Mpls believers say: One of the most ebullient/moving art experiences ever. Yay 
 OMFG  
 RT  Rad! 'iPhone SLR Mount' (via  
 Pants status: 20,000 mph
 RT  I'm not sure if I am happier for   or  . Enthusiasm is infectious.
 RT  Both  and  have new programming in the works +  moves to podcastland: 
   I'm glad you finally got to witness this magical/scientific moment!
 RT  5500 mph. Wow.
 Awesome seeing the shuttle launch! Will the astronauts checkin to space on 
  the W word - 'webinar'
 RT  Two coolest movie theaters in TC now both on Twitter: 
 RT   was not about the answers, what matters are the questions people asked
 FUUUUUUUUUUU--- Stock up on wine and bacon before climate change gets worse:  via 
 A great day swirling around    - and now it's beer o'clock. Cheers! 
  Pants status: ME TOO!!
   The hardware is zippin-fast, so is FCP X (and everything else). The sound+color features look cool too.
 OK time to learn Final Cut Pro X now. So pretty + fast on my new i7 laptop. Syncing audio tutorial:  
 Pants status: Google Minus
  i salute you!
  Hooray! Thankyou! I was way back on the street on my bike, then they kept calling my name...
 RT  RT  It's not the 4th of July if there's no Sam the Eagle  
 RT  Happy 4th anniversary  (      
 RT  Space Bubble and Space Telescope!!  
 RT  So, I'm on the cover of  this week, wearing a custom Star Wars jacket.  
 Ok kids, let's hit the beach!
    Very tasty! We got em at Sea Salt.
 Sprinkle screen sunset   
 RT  Big gay rainbow over northeast! 
   We just had some seasonal Crispins...molasses for me, maple for 
   Was the river lightning dancing in the Irish style? 
  NEVER FORGET
 RT  AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 These fun dudes are about to DIE IN THE STORM! Woooo party! 
 Sunset in  // biking northward to fetch my repaired ride 
 RT  Well I guess we aren't going on that vacation to Itasca State Park
 Pants status: Bats and eagles
  Then why do look so devilishly guilty, Fartmaster?
 5 Barriers Bachmann Needs To Break To Win Presidency  via 
 Grain exchange geekout with    - briefly fantasized about tossing a giant 20-sided die. 
   Welcome to Minneapolis!
 Oops, we created a hellish SuperFire. Knees will be ready for BBQ sauce at any moment. 
 RT  There's a lot of "discovery" among national outlets about Pawlenty and Bachmann that locals have known - and written about ...
 RT  For those who liked my t-shirt:  
 Here's a taste of Minneapolis gay pride...from 2006 ( style)  
 RT  I can see Phil Collins in the air tonight.
  Dream on
 NYTimes: A Sense of Euphoria Settles on the West Village 
  Okay :(
 RT  Gay Marriage Approved by N.Y. Senate 
 WE HAZ RAINBOW BRIDGE! “ Proud to have Pride in Minneapolis, and a sturdy I-35W bridge: ”
 RT  Short video on power of social influence/conformity 
 Here's to the lovers and the pirate radio all-stars! ♫ blip.fm/~15md4a
 Why am I on Friendster again?? It feels like the web equivalent of a Scooby Doo movie remake.
 RT  Interesting progress on muscle regeneration  Definitely news from the future (going to resurrect the ...
 RT  Featured on the front page of slidshare.net today : Love and Machines - Predictive Analytics 
 RT  Gov. Rick Perry referred to Twitter as “Tweeter.” Perry apologized for the gaffe & asked everyone to friend him on Head ...
 RT  35W bridge to transform into a rainbow for Pride Festival 
 What do you think of this idea? "Foreclosures as temporary housing following a natural disaster"  
 This is a good day: Filmed deep stories in  for  then  declared me a work of art!  via 
 World's oceans in 'shocking' decline - BBC News -    via 
 Mild tornadic pants activity
  Me too, I'm sticking with Video Toaster.
 RT   I read in MacWorld that FCPX is *not* a Pro product. Why is "Pro" in the name then? This release is one big  ...
 So Final Cut Pro X can't open FCP 7 projects...is that the deal?
 RT  Van Jones—Now is the Time to Protect the American Dream  see the speech that brought the house down  ...
 Guthrie artistic director just referenced the "tweety-twatosphere"  Asks. :-) 
  I'm very sorry to hear that.
 Great timelapse video of Rock the Garden feat.     via  
 RT  Kick-off event for the fight for marriage  tonight: 
 RT  We get shy about saying things like i love you. Life is so short. It's crazy, that we hesitate to express our true thoughts ...
 RT  Happy birthday, Brian Wilson! In honor of his 69th today, Rolling Stone's 1976 cover story:   I c ...
 Pants status: Overcommmittteddd
 RT  ICANN To Expand Top-Level Domain Names, Applications Start Jan 12, 2012  by 
 RT  WOW.  stunning new album gets a 9.5 + BNM form   highest score this year. Congrats  ...
 RT  Here's a peek inside the brains of a few  denizens at  this weekend:  
 RT  In tech news: Google acquires SageTV in likely push to rekindle Google TV (macnn.com) 
  That's a sweet lineup.
 RT  What a hoot! Owls dancing: 
 CLARENCE
 RT  The Hashtag Economy via  
 You know you're at the right party if you see these faces:    
  Sorry I did not have the opportunity to see the film.
 RT  The FCC's media assessment, "The Information Needs of Communities," identifies problems but lacks solutions  ...
 RT  Bachmann's skeletons come tumbling out of the closet.  
 The  brain trust  
 RT  Could Kickstarter Be Better Than Government Grants for Artists?  - 
 RT  Cee Lo Green semi-apologizes to gay community, deletes tweets, then quits Twitter (sorta)    ...
 Attention: All Chuckumentary(tm) tweets will now be handled by Chuckumentary PR Dept. Please make note of this new trend. -CO
  I also picked the god one.
 RT  From earlier this week: What happens when old institutions are sputtering and new ones haven't been built yet?  ...
 “ Screening tonight at RightOnline 9PM Minneapolis Ballroom ” I want to see this, hard.
 Look everybody, my wife can take two of 'em! Heh heh. 
 RT  So, when do the  and  street clashes begin? That was the point, right? Perhaps the whole thing could be liveblog ...
   Hello to both of you sweeties!
 RT  "Saudi women drivers take the wheel on June 17" Check out  oped &  video report: ...
 RT  Tumblr now hosts more blogs than Wordpress via  
 RT  Yo, NetrootsNation! Your fast-talking guide to Mpls-StPaul!  ...
 RT  Comcast demo's Facebook-powered social TV experience. First screen shots:  
 RT  follow Netroots Nation conference live from Minneapolis at www.TheUpTake.org,  the revolution will be tweeted,  ...
 RT  something was rustling out there in the hedges, i think a possum or a raccoon. shiny eyes on a full moon night in an ...
   That's a crazy awesome gift yo.
   Hello from me too!
 RT   welcomes Netroots Nation! [VIDEO]   
 From  with love -- Welcome to the Twin Cities,   A Wellstone-inspired tour from 
 RT  Among the Things Considered on  today around 4:40pm: food trucks, featuring yours truly.  ^JN
 What do trending Minnesotans Bob Mould + Michele Bachmann have in common? They LOVE crystal meth in their coffee!
 Dear America: You may as well know, her name is spelled "Michele Bachmann" not "Michelle Bachmann". I'm sorry, and thank you.
 RT  FEMA rejects request for aid to individual tornado victims in Minneapolis. 
     Tweet Northeast, group effort!  I do like this: 
 RT  Thanks to  for pioneering & continuing work for  &  ~ 2nd "Whereas" in proclamation credits him > ...
  HI TIM ISNT THE INTERNET GREAT
 RT  two months and i'm still obsessed with this MF cover.   
 Pants status: Sniffly
 U.S. Underwrites Internet Detour Around Censors 
 RT  The place to be tomorrow from 10-2. 
 Thank you Solution-maker  for all you've done w/ North Mpls Post Tornado watch +   
  Fantastic!
  A virtual  to you, expert gentle-man!
 Beerfive!  
 RT  Is it to early to start welcoming folks to  I'm just so excited to have y'all in my backyard! Be sure to stop by  ...
  Why thank you! I'm going to put "Noted Conversationalist" on my biz cards. :)
 DOUBLE WANT! Hoverbike / Wanted in Minneapolis  /via  
 RT  The badnrad show tomorrow at the Entry is honestly going to be the most fun you'll have all summer. Don't take my word fo ...
 RT  I do whatever!!
 Positively delightful. “ Life-Size Game of Angry Birds Played Using a Smartphone ”
   I always hold out for lucky  Looking forward to getting Pollenated.
 RT  Minnesota’s 72 state parks and recreation areas are all offering free admission Saturday. 
 Earth Status: Full 
  Nooo, not the Black Mound of Something!
 RT  A *must* watch “ This is really powerful --  -- "the internet is my religion" -   ...
 NYTimes: Familiar TV Anchors Move On, Hoping to Profit on Their Own 
 RT  RT  Congrats to  winner of our New America Award for coverage of immigrant/ethnic issues:  ...
  My wife ensures we are fully stocked with Heath Klondike bars.
 yummy “ iOS 5 Beta on iPad and iPhone - First Impressions: ”
 RT  Great places: function, sustainability, and delight can go together. It's just a design challenge. Also, lasers.  ...
  :( Sorry about your mum.
 RT  Two money men behind HuffPost say they wanted to hold out for a $1-billion IPO rather than sell it to AOL.  ...
 RT  Here's video of MN's little snow mountain fighting 100F heat, w/  
 RT  It's 97 degrees in St. Paul, but the Sears parking lot snow mountain refuses to surrender! Video coming... 
 Jellies: So Much More Than Plasma and Poison 
 RT  New FT app bypasses iTunes to deal directly with readers 
 RT  Teen Wolf <3
  the Flak is BAK?
 RT  Schwarzenegger, Edwards & now Weiner: Like celebrity deaths, political penises come in threes 
  That's the one. Or was it "Disney's The Crying Game on Ice"? I get them confused.
 RT  UpTake Videographer Sam Mayfield Detained by Wisconsin State Police   Video
  I just got tix to "Eternity on Ice." Only had to pay with my soul, plus Ticketmaster surcharges.
 Mac OS X Catfish: The bottom feeder who eats all other features!
 RT  "Pelosi calls for Weiner probe" Best. Headline. Ever.
  I'm holding out for 1D glasses. Nothing like a nice, relaxing cinematic line.
 Wow,  just keeps getting more "out there".  
 RT  UpTake Videographer Sam Mayfield Detained by Wisconsin State Police,  The UpTake 
 New 3 TB drive shall be named: 40 Tons of Light
 RT  From the blog: PdF '11 Recap: What the People of the Internet Can Demand 
 RT    should start a trend around the country. Haven't seen that many people getting along in a while.
  I think there've been other "nuit blanche" festivals in the U.S. but maybe the first in two cities at once? 
 Belle & Sebastian providing our lovely post- brunch hangover soundtrack. I think Mpls & St Paul totally "did it" last nite.
     Super wiped out today! We didn't get past 430 either, but 1  volunteer made it to sunrise.
 Birds are chirping...we saw Tron scooters zip across Stone Arch...we are exhausted and happy. 
 We're getting ready to head back into  livestreaming on  - warning, it'll be the "Night Shift"
 RT  After weeks, no months,  of fall, winter and crapola spring cold and rain, tonight in Minneapolis St Paul is paradise.
 Oh Nightmare riverhorse, we hoped so badly to see you. But good to discover our desire to see a white horse on the water. 
   Super cool! We'll def check that out for future events.
  I hadn't heard, thanks!
 Watch  live on  - sometimes with colorful commentary!
 Grrr just missed the Mississippi Megalops boat! Tech and
 RT  MY TERRIFYING REIGN OF CREATIVITY CONTINUES!  via 
 My new favorite song-video! By Media Mike and the Peace Nuns 
  I'm so sorry brother -- thats effed up beyond belief. We are all wishing you a speedy physical and mental recovery my friend.
 Jaw status: Dropped  (Wicked-awesome bday gift from my wicked-awesome wife,  )
