 love you
 i f****in love you all
 RT   open mic every wed. 325 franklin ave bk ny 21+ $10 cover www.auditionwednesdays.eventbrite.com indieeliterep ...
  please help me loose wheight i need ur help so much 
  help me loose wheight please 
 you cant have ur cake and eat it too but whatever if i have my cake danm imma eat it too.....
  help me ellen help help me ellen to loose wheight and look great like uuuu... 
  i love you.....help me loose wheight call me at 9034624492 if u will help.....im 350 lbs and idk what to do 
  ive wrote u twitterd u and facebooked u your the hardest person to get ahold of twitter me back...lol
 watching tyra love it
 watching glee love it!!!
 i love u all
  i love u and ur beautiful wifey...my question is will u help me loose wheight? 
 RT  I’m taking a break from taxes to answer questions on Twitter. I can write that off as charity, right? 
  Have u ever thought about starting a ellens biggest loser and help ppl loose wheight and if so i need your help 
 having a good day its sunday theres nothing to do but thank GOD for today bc its his day love him and love u too!!!
 watching ellen and i love her  i love u and read my letter its cody holt from denison tx
  you should have a section on your show called ELLENS BIGGEST LOSER starring me plus whoever else it would be a great ideal...
 RT   Follow Dallas Mavs Shawn Marion  for a chance to win tickets!
  i cried over u getting booted from american idol i liked u alot  you should put pia on ur label 11:11
  im so mad u got kicked off i love and american idol made me cry like a baby last night i love and support youuuuu
 bought some new element shades bought the new  new cd AWSOME by the way and watched  love you ellen!!!!
  i wrote you a letter im cody holt read it please and mention me on your show bc i truly love you.
  i truly love you for reals lol
 Watching skins yay lol
 Watching skins on mtv :-)
 Justin beiber and ellen amazing!!!
 Justin beiber on ellen amazing love him
 fuck u what do we do
 that new fantasia song bittsweet is off the chain like hellz yea love it
 twitter wont let me follow anyone else i am so sad
 the jail system is bullshit rhondas only got a month left and they sent her to a far away prison for the last month they are retarded....
 girl i wanna get wit ya and take ur picta
 im FAGhappy dont mess with me im fagulous and fagnifficent lol....tmth....ikr
  what r u doin!!!
  whatcha doin!!!
  i love you whats up
  omg'd i love that song toooo....lol.....
  yep yep...lol
 im fagnifficent....bitchs holla...
 go get your shovel, and we'll dig a deep hole...
 TMTH BITCHS
 whats up peeps
 i love you bitchs
  meeee tooo we can open a stripp club...lol...fun fun...TMTH
 omg i love u all!!!
  omg that was my dream job you know the corner whore not the corner store....lol
 COME OVER THE RAINBOW, WERE ALL WAITING FOR UUUU
  omg i just got offf work it sucks i work at walmart...lol....lamo right
 i love you all
  what is up
  oh really
 i miss u all!!!
 im gangster and ill protect you all with my freakin cardboard sword
  im gr8 too lol just bored now lol i dont even have anything to do danm it!!! lol
  what is up
  what is up beautiful
 imma hurt someone at work if they all keep being dumbasses
  i love you im swearing...lol love ya
  night night
 :)
 hey hoes
 what is up
  whats up
  good how r u....
 hey hey hey
 what is up biatchs
 omg what is up i just woke up so scary.........im still sleepy biatchs
 im a vamp ur a tramp ill bite youll fight i love blood youll fuck a stud...haha bored
 u r a bitcho and i hate yo face but i love tha bod...
 what tha fuck is upppppp
  so boring give me a noose imma hang myself lol jk
 omgd i love u alll.....lol so whats up
 omgd so if they say u cant get aids from saliva then why is that the way they test for it....
 so who wants hugs* and who wants drugs**
 omgd my best friends in jailio
 i am a puppet in this game called life....
 whats up guuuys
 im so effin bored....
 im so pissed lol at someone close to me too
  omg i love u
 Im AT my HOUSE with MY best FRIEND rhonda YAY!!!
 OMG im with my bestie RHONDA blah
