 Keep up with what's going on at schol and what's scheduled!  Do YOU know when Open House is? - 
 I've seen this happen.  
 If one doesn't make mistakes, one isn't trying hard enough and is not learning.  
 Note to self: Learn the new social media skill of DOT road sign hacking.  
 Fits in all organizations from Fortune 500 comanies to non-profits, such as schools.  
 Good for them! Show them the door | Quit or be fired, educators implicated in Atlanta scandal told -  
 Facebook is worried.  They yanked a Google+ ad to keep FB users from seeing it.  
 Son of a gun, I'm safe!  "Hot tea and coffee have...have antimicrobial properties," 
 Ah!   Relax
  - Food was fantastic, service was exemplary, and the extra attention made our party feel VERY welcome! Can't wait until next time!
 I'm at Darryl's Wood Fired Grill (3300 High Point Rd, Veasley St, Greensboro) [pic]: 
 . has been saying this for years.  Most Americans Aren't Financially Prepared For An Emergency | digtriad.com 
 Planned Parenthood feels they have a right to NC taxpayer money??? They have a right to free speech, but not my money.  
 Guilford County Schools is conducting its summer school online for the first time this year. 
 Three great ideas for improving meetings 
 The Elmendorf Rule - The Washington Post 
 I HATE Microsoft.  Microsoft thinks they invented everything.   
  
 Rachel's laugh is gonna kill me....  and of course, "no one comes between me and my banana" -- Rachel   Grrrr! 
 "I spend most of my time on bananas" -- Rachel  
 Anyone else creeped out that the only things the "Youth Minister" has on his mind are how hot the women are and sex???? 
 Words and chains of words that we use in framing a problem play a significant role in the way we approach problems. 
 RT  Planned Parenthood sues NC budget: RALEIGH (AP) — Planned Parenthood is going to federal court to fight the Hviqt
 But using my tax $ to support a pro-abortion advocate violates my rights. 
  Have to admit, my eyes aren't that good! :)  I do much better with my glasses.  Have a good evening.  :)
  LOL!  And you are a very "handsome" woman.  Just sayin...
 Beverly - the Uncle Fester look doesn't quite do it for me.   
 Google is launching a Facebook competitor: Google+  Right now it's invitation only, but soon will be out for everyone. 
 Understanding that fear is the key motivator to all human behavior will make you a better person. 
 Fear... keeps us alive, because if we survive a bad experience, we never forget how to avoid it in the future. 
 A man who cannot control his tongue cannot control himself.  
 The poor cannot help the poor. The disorganized can't help the disorganized. The hungry...  
 an interesting perspective  
 Thanks for the RTs:    
  Using your eBook during my month off this summer to do MY life plan.
 Count me in!!  |  Triad's First IMAX Theatre to Open Tuesday in Winston-Salem - WGHP 
 You will always have those who wish to do you harm in some capacity.  
 Good advice...or warning!  
 The quality of musicianship is amazing on the show.  It's going to be so tough to send such talented people home.  
 "Integrity is making your actions line up with your words" -- 
 "From time to time, bad things are going to happen. That’s just life."  
 My battery life multiplier: x1.75 with JuiceDefender Ultimate  
 Nothing is 100% certain.  
 Unhappy with  Service is disrupted daily and after multiple attempt with tech support, no better? I guess its back to Time Warner.
 Inbox zero concept  
  where do I find the acct   I have yet to receive a bill
  the lights are all blinking together then there is a period where they chase.  This pattern repeats
  both. A period where they all blink then a shorter period where they chase. This pattern then repeats
  I don't know.  All the signal strength lights are blinking.
  what's up with my modem / router ceasing to work in the late evening on a daily basis?  Not happy.
  Technically, that can be no hotter than 98.6 unless you have a fever!  :)
 John Edwards should send Anthony Weiner a Thank You Card.
 Junk Mail: Definition - Sending a picture of your "junk" to women you don't know over the Internet.  See also "Anthony Weiner"
 Professionals do the things that amateurs don't do.  
 Read at your own risk. Not for the faint of heart! Final approved NC Budget cuts and changes 
 RIP Matt Dillon | EW.com 
 It just seems so redundant to type this: Jack Kevorkian is dead | 
 Fear of math is contagious!  
 10 dumb things you do at the doc's office - CNN.com 
 Yet this year's state budget slashes education jobs and programs.  
 How many of these email mistakes do you make when you send a business email (don't count casual) 
 Who needs expensive textbooks?  
 Ten Twitter Tips for Teachers | The Whiteboard Blog 
   I agreed w/ Roland that Cain needs it. My point was that the lack of it didn't seem to be a devastating issue.
  I guess pre-presidential campaign time (2.25 yrs) on the Sen Foreign Rel Comm qualifies as vast experience. Foolish me.
  Exactly how long was his tenure there,  not counting the time he was engaged in his presidential campaign?
  I like following you on Twitter.  You make me think and consider other points of view.
  Agreed!  Obama had no foreign policy experience prior to being elected and it shows. I don't think Cain could do worse.
 Many of us today are too busy talking when we should be listening.  
 Yes, We Cain!  
 Facebook Busted in Clumsy Smear Attempt on Google | 
 For  you who are sitting there wondering what happened to the rapture, I have one word for you: GULLIBLE! (Mark 13:32-27) 
 Just found  that turns gmails into tasks. Looks VERY interesting! Gonna give it a spin & add it to the task apps review I'm doing.
 Meeting friends for dinner at  A pre  dinner.
  
 RT  Do Something for Someone Else Today! Get Involved    via 
 Praise through troubles = expectant alertness  
 Now that NeNe is gone, there was no reason to keep Star. Good firing. 
  Old News...
 The execs will not like the negative police stereotype in ASAP's video.  Bad move, Meat Loaf.  
 Now that NeNe is gone, Who's going to be the best players?  Star Jones and John Rich  
  You're equating Trump with the Klan? I know he has said things that were pretty (cont...) 
 RT  "Have a mimosa and call up omorosa" looks like  may have quote of the week so far tonight.
    ...but not financially.
  and I suppose no support of the charities tht R benefiting? Would you be willing 2 make up the difference? I didn't think so.
 Right now, the main two reasons I'm watching  is Star Jones and NeNe.  Two completely different leadership styles.
 A 3-hour  tonight! 8 PM! I'll be updating throughout, just because i hate someone telling me not to do something
 RT  Crowds gather outside White House and NYC Times Square to celebrate the news of the death of Osama bin Laden 
 RT  Dear Osama : I've never wished a man dead, but I have read some obituaries with great pleasure - Mark Twain  Laden
  re  Vengence is mine says the Lord.  I'm glad we got to arrange the meeting.
 Re Osama Bin Laden's Death: "Vengence is mine, says the Lord." Well, at least we got to arrange the meeting.  
 A lot of leadership notes tonight!    
 The girls are focusing on Niki helping Backbone rather than executing their own project   
 The guys brought out their secret weapon at the rt time to disorient the girls.    
 The guys are thinking outside the box while the girls are still avoiding conflict    
 Don't whine like Latoya, bring something new - and devious - to the table like Niki    
  is tweeting tonight  
 Mind map of leadership lessons so far:    
 RT  Ok that was amazing!!! But I heard this went on for 45 mins in real time.
 Sometimes you have to stand up to a bully. I just can't figure out which one it is.   
 Getting ready to map the  lessons from   Follow along at 
 Getting ready to mind map tonight's  lessons on  Here's last week's map. 
 In prep for participating in the annual Relay for LIfe event, I attended the Cancer Survivor Luncheon. 
 If you've received negative feedback at work - and who hasn't? - don't get bitter, get better.
 At the Relay for Life Survivor Luncheon ( Castle McCulloch) 
 Spring Brk is over. Laying in bed reviewing my naxt action list for the day. Gonna be a long day.
  Me, too!  haha.
  Thanks for the re-tweet!!!
   I think Trump's decision to have NeNe on the show is the reason. Either way, it's fun! 
 See something that I missed? Get a free membership at Mindmeister.com and add to my map   
 :Here's the final map of the leadership lessons from tonight's show:   
 Star should have gone, but she promises more fireworks later.   
 All guys want to be called meat RT  Why hasn't it occurred to Meat Loaf to change his stupid f name?
 Star's continued appearance on the show promises more fireworks later near the finale.  She stays.   
 If Latoya and NeNe mended fences, they could -- and should -- team up against Starr   
 Starr tried to set up a NeNe v. Latoya showdown earlier. Now she executes it.   
 Tough call tonight....so many people screwed up!    
 It's going to be a NeNe v. Starr rumble!!!!   
 My thoughts on the boardroom so far...    
 Starr is in love with....Starr!   
 My quick take on both presentations. I nailed most positives and negatives.   
 I like the tag line, "Live the Life" better than the women's. Simple to say, simple to remember.   
 There is too much small print on Backbone's pages. That's a negative.  :(   
 Confidence is important during the presentation!   
 Somebody buy the men a dictionary, PLEASE!   
 Check out this MindMeister mind map: Celebrity Apprentice Leadership Lessons 
 Latoya and NeNe warming up could mean trouble for Starr if they are smart enough to link up against her. 
 A big possibility is that Latoya and NeNe may join forces against Starr...INTERESTING!   
 . should send someone to spy on the women to see what they are doing.   
 Starr put NeNe and Latoya in a situation to self-destruct in the brd room.  I call CY A   
 RT  Can the men pull this off they look like they are at a big disadvantage to the women's confidence
 Star said she loves tag lines....she certainly does!   
 You can click and move the map around if you're following...  
 John Rich talks like a CEO..."I'll be project manager."   
 Going to develop a mind-map of leadership lessons from tonights show.  Wanna help?    
 My nephew, Alex: Salem baseball player back in the box; devotion still intact 
 .  Cite your source, please.
 Owl City's songs are always positive and uplifting. Why? This nugget hints that he's a Christian.    
 Ed. Dept. est. that 80+ % of schools could be labeled as “failing” this yr.  Answer? Lower standards, for some, not all. 
 Another great storage idea. Easy to do, probably with items already at hand. Not in English - look at the pics. | IKEA 
 Another space-saving idea via Lifehacker that teachers or any other person who works with paper can appreciate | 
 The latest Yahoo! Messenger update for Android includes Facebook Chat integration.
 Nested labels require longer label names in Gmail. It's been hard when Gmail limits you to 40 characters...but no more!  
 ManageFlitter is a useful tool for managing who you follow on Twitter. I just went Pro! 
 RT  Leaders create confidence in the future.  
 .  Ca-boy????
 This late in the game, Busey brings little in the way of ratings if he is kept tonight.   
 Gary should be gone tonight. The 3 men will turn on Gary and he has no defense tonight.   
 I'm not so sure about the company execs judgment. Meatloaf doesn't cook, yet they were impressed.   
 Backbone may just pull this out due to tbranding:  full name of the company, the crowd repeating it   
 A team who has lost respect for the leader can derail that leader. Train wreck in progress.   
 If the guys win, it's bcz they kept hammering the branding.  The women faltered on saying "Omaha Steaks"   
 Rule  Never outshine the master. Starr is outshining the project mgr. It could come back to haunt her.   
 I'm speechless....Gary, you're doing so much wrong that i don't know where to start to fix you!  
 Yeah, he thinks he owns the place...
 Focus, Gary, focus...  
 A good leader considers his/her teammate's talents and skills when assigning tasks.
 Extended use may cause awesomeness! HootSuite for Android 
 I'm using HootSuite for Android to tweet and facebook on the go!  
 When delegating, tell your subordinate WHAT needs to be done. Let them handle the HOW it gets done. 
 Actually, these are the droids you're looking for. HootSuite for Android.  
 I just ousted Nate H. as the mayor of Mission Battleground Park Apartments on  
 Delegation requires letting go of projects and outcomes while still being responsible for them.  
 RT  "Obviosly, there is little you can learn from Doing Nothing"
 Leadership is defined as getting things accomplished through others. Leadership requires delegation.
 RT  The Visible Todo List    from   
 RT  What us it with all these tornados in the south?Didn't mother nature see the wizard of oz? The saying isn't "you're not ...
 The fastest way to raise the priority of a task is to place it on the desk of a subordinate.  
 The only way to guarantee the best results when multitasking is effective delegation. 
 Interesting day in the Carolinas! [image] 
 Multi-tasking is a myth that results in poor performance on the multiple attempted tasks. 
  The true way to avoid the poor results of multitasking: Effective Delegation
  For the most part, I don't  multi-task. It's a myth -- only done well when one task requires attention and thought, others none
 RT  Should You Reprimand or Should You Redirect? 
 A Review Of Nozbe: 
  Although most will think you're getting a manni and new nails, I can clearly see guitar picks being... 
 RT  If you are trying to work on todays or tomorrows problems, you are too late. Sam Duncan
 6 Leadership Skills for Online Marketers | Robert Vander Roest.com 
 RT   parallels how teams in corporate america function... I have worked with every personality display ...
 Ok, who makes for better television, McGrath or Busey? McGrath is good, but Busey is crazy. People want to watch crazy. 
 Instead of confident, McGrath looked indecisive and desperate. A shark like Trump smelled weakness.  
 Correct decision: The loss was due to a concept flaw AND the project mgr NOT containing a loose cannon.  
 RT  Yes you did do those things 
 In a situation like this, the appearance of confidence is paramount! McGrath more so than Busey.  
 The responsibility of not using company branding fell on the project mgr's shoulders. Bye-Bye, McGrath.   
 The men failed to incorporate the company branding in their project - that was the fatal flaw.   
 The two negatives by the execs were lapses by the project mgr.   
 They did well at isolating Gary until it really counted.... Pity.   
 Latoya's best strategy now would be to utterly destroy Nene in the boardroom.  If she can't, she's done.   
 The dark side of ldrshp says one can hasten the prof demise of a ldr who is a falling star with impunity.   
 McGrath delegates like a pro. Leadership = accomplishing goals through others.    
 Years ago, Gary was in a motorcycle accident and sustained a traumatic brain injury.  Man, you can see it.  
 Latoya is doubting her plan after a few questions = weak idea   
 Loose cannons, like Busey, have to be contained, negative qualities mitigated & positive ones exploited.   
 Every project needs a clear and articulated plan.  Hey, Latoya!  
 Indecisive leaders frustrate organizations and teams.  
 Prepping for Celebrity Apprentice and looking for leadership principles in play  
 I'm at Harris Teeter 
 I'm at Olive Garden (3000 High Point Road, Greensboro) 
 Interruption Victim? Not completely. How you can reduce YOUR contributions to your interruptions. 
 The weekly review is a great time to review your completed actions.  Are they moving you toward your goals?  
 Writing is taught in school.  Writing effective emails is not. | 5 Awesome Tips to Writing Emails That Won't Be Ignored 
 RT  "A wise, mature person is known for his understanding.The more PLEASANT his words,the more PERSUASIVE he is" Pr16:21 TEV
 RT  "People with goals succeed because they know where they're going. It's that simple." ~Earl Nightingale
 RT  You're never persuasive when you're abrasive. Speak the truth with love.
 RT  If you never change your mind, stop asking for input. 
 Great time-saver! Copying and Pasting Images Directly into Gmail   - via 
 RT  Putting together Getting Things Done (GTD) and Evernote 
 Professional Productivity: Make a Map Book Using Google Maps 
 Sweet idea on using ALL of your desk instead of just the top! 
 .    Just tried the email connection with   Project notes and tasks from the same email. Outstanding!
 RT  Every achiever I have ever met says,My life turned around when I began to believe in me.Dr. Robert Schuller
 I'm at Food lion (3516 drawbridge, Greensboro) 
 I'm at Hamburger Joes (3606 N Elm St, Greensboro) 
 Ms. Vasile coordinated a school beautification project that included the planting of some flowers on our campus! 
 What is tonight's theme on American Idol???
 I'm at Chili's Grill & Bar (1599 New Garden Rd., Greensboro) 
 You can't manage/prioritize thoughts or stacks!  RT  To get hold of your tasks you need to write them down.     
 This is one of the first cornerstones of credibility. RT  Do the things you say you are going to do.
 I'm at Ruby Tuesday (4218 W Wendover Ave, Greensboro) 
 GCS has formulated a new social media policy for employees for their PERSONAL ACCTS. I'll be sharing w/ staff soon. 
 Twitter is like trying to drink from a fire hose. Lists are how you turn the torrent into a stream from which you can get what you need.
 Blizzard conditions  Snowshoe. Snow & Ice. Heavy winds. Approx 6" snow since last night. Fire going. Warm inside. Great day for writing.
 RT  Action is the foundational key to all success. ~Pablo Picasso 
 Action is key! RT  “People who soar are those who refuse to sit back, sigh and wish things would change. They become the change!
 It's a one way trip. You can't go back RT  You can now convert a standard Facebook profile into a business page 
 A writing weekend to finish the book in the seclusion found on top of the mountain. Snowshoe is a ghost town now that skiing season is over.
 I just rated Taste of Asia 4 stars.  "It was very enjoyable.  Staff was very friendly.  A little slow,..." 
 I'm at Applebee's Grill And Bar 
 Evenote Users:  redesigned the web interface, but I can't find a print button or link.  Have any of you had success in locating it?
  Where's the print button on the new web interface? What am I missing?
  Oh, I saw it!  Just wish I didn't hear it.
  You might want to jot some notes down quick while it's still fresh in your mind! :)
   Yeah, I needed my lists on the run. I'm giving it a workout then will be doing a review of it on my blog.
  What the heck does "honked bobo in a major way" mean????  LOL!
 Live from the plane crash....digtriad.com | Greensboro, NC 
 LOL!!!!! President Obama Receives Transparency Award But No Press is There to See It - FoxNews.com 
 . has released its Android App! They should hype it more! It's what made me return to Nozbe.
 GCS Teacher Transfer Fair ( Smith High School) 
 Gotta clean my office  MRT  Physical clutter negatively affects your ability to focus, process information 
 It's a workday. It would be better  if the word "work" wasn't in there and it wasn't going to be longer than a regular day.
 RT  The Retweet Stylebook—Short standards for a new era: 
 I'd also like to see Obama's official birth certificate RT  Donald Trump Proves He Was Born In Queens 
 I've lost 12.6 lbs since March 14, 2011! Just 49.4 lbs to reach my goal.
 The ultimate success formula  
 RT  Action is the foundational key to all success--.Pablo Picasso 
 Your church's facilities could be having a negative impact on the ministry inside!   
  I hate losing a 3 way.
 RT  "To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone." ~ Reba McEntire
 . Unfortunately, we have some teachers who should not be in the profession  - 
 They just keep finding more ways that coffee is good for you! Study: Coffee Tied to Lower Stroke Risk in Women - ABC News 
 RT  You can be prepared for any emergency. Follow these 3 steps to protect yourself & your loved ones:  ...
 Same goes for the week.  Hence, the importance of the weekly review! RT  Either you run the day or the day runs you. Jim Rohn
 . I love the "As if" !!  Just like the Obama administration wants to spend "as if" we had unlimited resources 
 RT  What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.-- Zig Ziglar
 CDC sent this out as an FYI  RT  Protect yrself & yr family. Lrn how to prepare for a  event: 
 Obama administration's and transparency. Laughable.  Biden staff locked a reporter in a closet to limit his access.  
 Laughter and music lowers blood pressure | WebMD  
 Islamic dictators combated rivals by shutting down Internet resources. Obama wants an Internet kill switch for the US. for his use only. Hmm
 RT  Review Goals to Achieve Success  from  
 After reading the bk, I'm a Chapman fan. Wish I had known this in time.  RT  5 Love Languages, 7 Days, 1 Couple 
 Influence requires interaction. 
 RT  Isolation kills influence - integration enhances it.
 I'm at Imperial Koi 
 I'm at Bruegger's Bagels (3211 Battleground Ave, Greensboro) 
 RT  The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions. Oliver Wendell Holmes
 Guilford Schools Superintendent Turns Down Raise for 3rd Year - WGHP 
 Inch by inch, anything's a cinch! - 
 lost 2 pounds since his last weigh-in! He's lost 11 pounds so far. 
  Watching NC?
 Unbelieveable!  Democrat Senator: Tea Partiers ‘Don’t Deserve the Freedoms That are in the Constitution’ | The Blaze 
 . 2nd internet problem in a month with ANOTHER 2 day wait? Im heading out to talk to Clear"
  2nd internet problem in a month with ANOTHER 2 day wait? Im heading out to talk to Clear
 Oh, well. Always a bridesmaid. At least I'm off the jury duty hook for 2 years.
 Choosing afternoon jurors now...
 Obama's uncomfy w/ superpower status RT  U.S. presses plan to hand off Libya war command soon - Reuters 
 I'm at Subway Sandwiches - Elm St (114 N Elm St, Greensboro) 
 I'll give it to them - They have this down to an easy procedure.  Although they get their stuff done fast, it's hurry up and wait for me.
 Over 100 of us here.  Packed into the jury room. If I get picked, I hope it's early.
 Through security.  Set off metal detector.  Got individual attention.  I feel special. :)
 Jury Duty! ( Guilford County Court House) 
 RT  liberal dems issue statement: "all strongly raised objections to the constitutionality of the president's actions" http ...
 Democrat wants to de-fund FOX News. Only one problem: The government doesn't fund FOX. Liberals: Awesome!  - 
 Farrakhan turns on Obama because of his actions in Libya: "Who the hell do you think you are?" 
 RT  It is better to be prepared for an opportunity and not have one than to have an opportunity and not be prepared. - Whit ...
  Bush had a UN resolution as well but the left cut him no slack.
 Dionne's diva attitude will guarantee she'll be around a few more weeks. Boring people who get along don't bring viewers. 
  That what her psychic friends are for!  LOL!
 RT  John Rich is shaping up to be a very solid player! 
 No congressional approval, no clear goals, no exit strategy, no weapons of mass destruction. Where's all the liberal outrage about LIbya?
 RT  Where are all the  demanding an exit stratagy and a timetable in Libya, yeah a monthly check sure silences th ...
 Excellent at the conclusion of every meeting  RT  5 words make the difference: "Who does what by when" 
 Pendaflex | One Step Ahead..Avoiding Missed Deadlines. 
  Thanks! The first week = easy due to water loss. Hard part starts next week when the fat starts to go! :-)
 I've lost 9.0 lbs since March 14, 2011! Just 53.0 lbs to reach my goal.
 Try the new Signature Sirloin with Garlic Herb Shrimp  Unbelievably Great Tasting and Under 550 Calories! 
 Faced With Weak Evidence, We Make Bad Decisions - ABC News 
 54th...that's in the bottom half, right?  
 Super Moon to rise tonight | Geek.com 
 lost 2 pounds since his last weigh-in! He's lost 9 pounds so far. 
 DOJ to white male bullying victims: Tough luck - Washington Times 
 How to post status updates and tweets when your employer blocks Facebook and Twitter. 
 Flawed program from the start:  No Child Left Behind: Can Obama Revamp the Education Law? - TIME 
 I'm at Books A Million (1570-C highwoods blvd., Greensboro) 
 Veggie Burrito! ( Salsarita's Fresh Cantina) 
 MD Appt. ( LeBauer Primary Care) 
 I weighed in and lost 1.0 lb. 
 Paying attention matters.  
 Diet success today: 528kcal consumed. Calorie loss of 2909 exceeds the planned loss by 1914kcal. Losing about 14oz daily.
 Body weight 266lbs, lost about 6lb since Mar14 2011, want to lose about 56lb within 6 months and 17 days. Using www.mynetdiary.com
 Small change, big impact.  
 Diet success today: 1557kcal consumed. Calorie loss of 1880 exceeds the planned loss by 879kcal. Losing about 9oz daily.
 "If you love something, lock it in the basement and feed it through a slot in the door until it loves you back."  -- Hot in Cleveland
 Body weight 266.6lbs, lost about 5.4lb since Mar14 2011, want to lose about 56.6lb within 6 months and 18 days. Using www.mynetdiary.com
 Body weight 266.6lbs, lost about 5.4lb since Mar14 2011, want to lose about 56.6lb within 7 months and 18 days. Using www.mynetdiary.com
  NC education funding cutting info we spoke about a few weeks ago..
 NC Education Budget Cutting - Through the fat and now cutting muscle and scraping bone. 
 A very basic primer on working with an assistant.  
 So much for transparency... Checkout the AP article:  PROMISES, PROMISES: Little transparency progress - Yahoo! News 
 "Clarity drives action"  RT  Get motivated today!  New Post is Up: "Be Bold and Call Your Shot!" 
 Duke/Carolina Game in Greensboro is over...Let the traffic begin.  Duke fans won't mind.
 Google on how to build a better mgr, boss, or principal. What's hot? Same people skills that NC wants students taught. 
 Great list & true RT  10 Things Wrong With Your Todo List    from    
 You’ve got mail: What your email domain says about you 
  BTW - I wld have direct msgd you instead of replied but Twitter requires that U follow me to allow that. Have a great evening!
  Never got to say hello. I was presenting down the hall but sat in a couple of your sessions. Enjoyed them thoroughly!
 RT  When I elect a leader I expect him to lead & not behave like an emotional butterfly subject to news media, popular opi ...
  Thanks! I attended two of your sessions in NC. Social Media is BIG in my district. Schools are encouraged to tweet and Facebk
  I tweet updates and pics on overnite field trips to DC. parents &other  family could follow and felt less anxiety during trip
  As an admin: School announcements, parenting tips, crisis communication, field trip updates while on them 
  Research - using Twitter to contact a primary source.
 Being bold is always risky.  The bold, however, always accomplish more, affect more, and influence more than the timid.
 Dealing w/ people and people issues always takes longer than planned, so allow extra time around those appointments and issues.
 Good leadership advice! RT  Systems and methods don’t complete projects, people do. Refocus on People: 
 For Relay For Life ( Carvel of Greensboro) 
 I'm managing 3 Twitter accounts, 1 Facebook account, 2 Facebook pages and 1 Four Square account with  
 A video demonstrating why teachers should be on Twitter. 
 New in Gmail Labs: Smart Labels - Official Gmail Blog 
 Google Apps customers can now purchase additional storage space!  
   All of them???
 RT  It's not what you do once in a while, it's what you do day in and day out that makes the difference. -- Jenny Craig
 The Dayton Police Dept is lowering its testing standards for recruits... not enough African-Americans passed the exam. 
 I try to stay away from Microsoft products unless I'm forced to use them at work. This heightens my MS aversion.  
 Get your email inbox to zero the fun way.  
 Keep headphone wires from getting tangled 
 An emergency kit seems like a good idea. Could you survive 72 hrs after a disaster? 
 Wow! Even waiting on a parade you're looking down on everyone!  :) RT  
 The devastation in Japan is unbelievable  
 We change our clocks tonight??? This year sneaked up on me!
 Repetitive and spammy! I'm unfollowing  The Trump Network wants you. Watch this 2 minute video to see .... 
 Wanna be more confident?  
 Unfortunately, the monthly subscription fee will preclude many students from  using this resource. --via  
 New in Gmail Labs: Smart Labels - Official Gmail Blog 
 Finally!  |  Facebook Expands  Mention Tagging to Comments 
 Liberals show their true colors when you dare to disagree with them.  
 Facebook adds new anti-bullying features to get rid of bullies and stalkers 
 How to Recover From an Email Disaster [Free Advice] 
 Interesting change in Gmail tonight.  Profile pics embedded in the email in the list view and in the opened email. Cool.
 Sheen couldn't pay ME to see anything he does.  
  Fox News made the same "rights" gaffe yesterday AM and anchors were soundly corrected by their guests on the segment.
  Stealing Democracy? You can't steal something that was being held hostage out of state.
 But can you make 'em spin? RT  Sometimes I use tassels. RT   How do you make your tweets interesting?
 
 Typical for this administration RT  CLINTON: U.S. MUST NOT LEAD... 
 RT  What you do tonight will determine your productivity tomorrow. 
  Wasn't getting sidetracked. You asked a question. I was simply answering. :)
 Why the heck is this trending?  Find out with HootSuite HootStats 
 RT  I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. ~ Bill Cosby
 RT  Time to put the hero suit back on and face the Todo List. To productivity and beyond....
 Seek first to understand then to be understood - Covey RT  The smartest people listen more than they talk.
  Ideas are still fresh during the service.  Others take notes on paper; I do tweets and share with the world.
 RT  america is not a democracy, nor is it a "democratic republic". america is a republic. (see constitution and federalist  ...
 RT  The Facts on the Skippy Peanut Butter Recall: Please Repost.  
 Here's what a spammer looks like. RT  Embroidered Punjabi Suit  
  God, you are boring - Same two tweets over and over!  Spammer!
 What if ur tweeting the sermon points as a ministry? RT  Texting during church service is an example of irreverent behavior.
 And the more time you'll have to do it right or deal with setbacks RT  The sooner you start the sooner you'll finish - get going!
 RT  Monday Mantra:  I will dress nicely, even if I have gained weight.  I will dress up the rolls, hold my head high... ...
 And Moore is not fat. RT  Moore: 'America is not broke'... 
 You too? RT  Personal confession: I am now, & for a long time have been, an active participant in the vast rt-wing conspiracy.
 If the fed forces hlth care purchase, what will they make us buy next? RT  Perdue Vetoes Health Overhaul Bill 
 RT  if you're ok with killing unborn babies, don't pretend that waterboarding terrorist jerks is offensive to you.
 RT  Obama Vows to Veto Any Bill That Defunds Planned Parenthood    the left just loves 'em some dea ...
 RT  Review long term goals monthly and strive to work towards those goals daily. TR from   
 RT  Negativity Invades Work Environments 
 RT  Sheen was on a roll, but  has exposed him for the unfunny addict he really is. Live viewers tuning out ...
 After watching "Sheen's Korner" on U-stream, I can definitely say that it had to be the writers that made 2 and a Half Men funny.
 Wanna watch a train wreck? 
 RT  Another follow up: Find some more hints about how to store information which are not tasks/projects:  ...
 Resources, by definition, are meant to be used.  
 Or stupid...or ignorant RT  sometimes ya just gotta block ppl for being crazy!
 RT   I feel like I should make a speech
 Your article made a claim and then failed to back it up w/ facts. Figures. RT  Fox News still...  
 RT  How Charlie Sheen Got His  Account Verified So Fast  /via  
 When she makes moves to become a candidate. RT  When Will Fox Fire Sarah Palin?  
 Yeah, felons. RT  TAKE ACTION: Florida at it again? AG wants to stop 100s of thousands from being able 2 vote  
 RT  We ask ourselves 'who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented and fabulous?' Actually, who are you not to be? -Marianne Wil ...
 RT  "Don't do what you're good at - find what you like and get good at it!" ~  
 Keep up with what's going on at schol and what's scheduled!  Do YOU know when Open House is? - 
 I've seen this happen.  
 If one doesn't make mistakes, one isn't trying hard enough and is not learning.  
 Note to self: Learn the new social media skill of DOT road sign hacking.  
 Fits in all organizations from Fortune 500 comanies to non-profits, such as schools.  
 Good for them! Show them the door | Quit or be fired, educators implicated in Atlanta scandal told -  
 Facebook is worried.  They yanked a Google+ ad to keep FB users from seeing it.  
 Son of a gun, I'm safe!  "Hot tea and coffee have...have antimicrobial properties," 
 Ah!   Relax
  - Food was fantastic, service was exemplary, and the extra attention made our party feel VERY welcome! Can't wait until next time!
 I'm at Darryl's Wood Fired Grill (3300 High Point Rd, Veasley St, Greensboro) [pic]: 
 . has been saying this for years.  Most Americans Aren't Financially Prepared For An Emergency | digtriad.com 
 Planned Parenthood feels they have a right to NC taxpayer money??? They have a right to free speech, but not my money.  
 Guilford County Schools is conducting its summer school online for the first time this year. 
 Three great ideas for improving meetings 
 The Elmendorf Rule - The Washington Post 
 I HATE Microsoft.  Microsoft thinks they invented everything.   
  
 Rachel's laugh is gonna kill me....  and of course, "no one comes between me and my banana" -- Rachel   Grrrr! 
 "I spend most of my time on bananas" -- Rachel  
 Keep up with what's going on at schol and what's scheduled!  Do YOU know when Open House is? - 
 I've seen this happen.  
 If one doesn't make mistakes, one isn't trying hard enough and is not learning.  
 Note to self: Learn the new social media skill of DOT road sign hacking.  
 Fits in all organizations from Fortune 500 comanies to non-profits, such as schools.  
 Good for them! Show them the door | Quit or be fired, educators implicated in Atlanta scandal told -  
 Facebook is worried.  They yanked a Google+ ad to keep FB users from seeing it.  
 Son of a gun, I'm safe!  "Hot tea and coffee have...have antimicrobial properties," 
 Ah!   Relax
  - Food was fantastic, service was exemplary, and the extra attention made our party feel VERY welcome! Can't wait until next time!
 I'm at Darryl's Wood Fired Grill (3300 High Point Rd, Veasley St, Greensboro) [pic]: 
 . has been saying this for years.  Most Americans Aren't Financially Prepared For An Emergency | digtriad.com 
 Planned Parenthood feels they have a right to NC taxpayer money??? They have a right to free speech, but not my money.  
 Guilford County Schools is conducting its summer school online for the first time this year. 
 Three great ideas for improving meetings 
 The Elmendorf Rule - The Washington Post 
 I HATE Microsoft.  Microsoft thinks they invented everything.   
  
 Rachel's laugh is gonna kill me....  and of course, "no one comes between me and my banana" -- Rachel   Grrrr! 
 "I spend most of my time on bananas" -- Rachel  
