  Thanks for joining the  movement! The MM team members are big fans of  and would love to connect further!
 Brainstorming what to cook for dinner tonight. Anyone have some great ideas for staying on the  track?? I'm all ears!
   Haha, James... I win!
 135 days of torture! CAN'T WAIT to see the Black & Gold in action!! RT   you ready for some football?!?!?!?!?
 Work is done! Now it's time for  burgers and lovin' on old friends before  party tonight! It'll be a Vincanity!
 Ummm... the Card Trick Mob is missing my famous 'Jack Robberes' trick!! RT  What  will you contribute to? 
 Wishing Mitch Lavin of  a Happy Happy Birthday!! Don't forget  members get 20% private lesson tomorrow!!!
 Just the BEGINNING... RT  You can now create your own learning playlists on  THIS. CHANGES. EVERYTHING.
 No :(  Celebratory work party tonite. Next time for sure RT   darn so I won't be seeing you at 
 Thanks! Ridiculously excited for the  tonight!! RT    Whoo Hoo... welcome!
 RT  RT   a startup blending  and new  to   Beta's open! b ...
 Ridiculously excited for all the new Mobbers I have to meet! Please don't be alarmed if I seem to be stalking you... it's part of the gig ;)
 HELLO NEW USERS! :)RT  Ladies and Gentlemen of the Twittersphere, meet  your loyal MentorMob community manager ...
 IT'S OFFICIAL:  is ready to receive every one of its beta users! If you've been in that long invite code line, check your inbox!!
 Looks cool! I'm one of the first in line for the "One Page Twitter Dashboard" from  Join me   via 
 RT  Sign up here to be a pre-launch beta tester for a friend's startup  Great site! 
 RT  Take a look at my friends new START-UP! Learn to dance or play the guitar for free, be the first to love  http:/ ...
 Oh my. Time to call it a day. That glass of red wine I promised myself will be the perfect ending to this amazingly hectic day! 
 I NEED to look into  because this whole  only rule is a complete myth RT  Client News ... 
 Agreed!! RT  Great seeing you today  ! Party planning soon!
 RT  The pictures we have all been waiting for  Thanks to  and  for a great fr ...
 RT  MentorMobbers get 20% off a private guitar lesson this Saturday  go to learnguitarchicago.com to contact!
  Sent! Feel free to copy and paste that link to friends RT  Send me info RT  I'm doing well! ...
   Haha, yes I  New friends make the world go 'round!
  I'm doing well! The office is all a tizzy as we're inviting friends to join  pre september launch! Care for one?? :)
  I've never twittered you before! Always strange how we can follow someone yet never speak to them. I love connections as well!
 RT  Due to high traffic of invite responses, some links are responding poorly.  Please refresh and be patient,the kinks will  ...
 RT  The King of Social Media has spoken: RT  Interested in joining MentorMob? Get your invite here: bit.ly/pw ...
 Join  on the new and improved learning curve - 
 RT   We have invite codes, and this time we have them for everyone.    
 ATTN FOLLOWERS: No more waiting in invite code hell, here's your direct link to join   ... RT to your friends!!
 It's official, our  startup office is bursting at the seams! 11 people makes for one crowded work day! : 
 RT  I have a few lessons open this Saturday for anyone who wants a private session with me.  20% off for  mem ...
 Thanks so much Mitch! Hey Chicago, check out one of our greatest guitar instructors  He's offering 20% to MM users on 7/23!
 Thanks to  in Lincoln Park for hosting our event! Perfect space for extra inspiration! 
 Presenting  The next Chuck Berry.  Mobit: Guitar made it possible!  
 Free personal attention from  Guitar Expert Mitch Lavin of  at a  event?? Check! 
 Oh my nearly forgot to mention  event yesterday! Mobit: Guitar was a success! Pictures to follow. Thanks 
 Crazy fun-filled weekend w/ PGH friends complete w/ playing tourist, dinner shows, movies in the park, harry potter (DKR), and the burbs!
 RT  "It important to do what you love and love what you do."  
 I'm the guinea pig today at the  office! Cool  features coming soon :)
 RT  Rather than thinking "if and when", start doing, take action, stop talking about "if and when". - Catherine Pulsifer  ...
 "MentorMob.com: where techies learn to dance" - 
 AH! Only 10 spots left for aspiring rockers! Mobit: Guitar  The Guitar Center - Sunday, July 17th 11-12:30 p.m. Learn the basics with us!!!
 Seriously looking forward to Yoga on the Beach tomorrow with  I definitely need it after this week. 
 Free learning events is WHAT WE DO! Mob it w/  Sunday, 7/17 at The Guitar Center in Lincoln Park! More details 
 RT   tour this weekend.  Don't forget to check out  a few MentorMobbers but be there too!
 RT  The Startup Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via      ...
 RT  We have some big things in the works for power-users. Get on Mentormob and see what the big deal is!
 RT   appreciates when the weather is nice in Chicago     
 RT   bikes to work :)  How to go green and stay green in your startup.    ...
  when you get your butt back to Chicago for a few days! The start-up budget rarely includes round trip airfare to New York City :(
 I love how my job and my personal life become intertwined. Just learned what NOT to do when beginning my new running routine on 
 AH!  STRIKES AGAIN! Want to learn to play guitar? 10 spots left 4 Mobit:Guitar hosted by  in LP! 
 RT  Blog post by our newest hitman!    1 out of 10?  Our MentorMob team is 1 in a billion.
   absolutely! You're doing better than I am :)
 Looking forward to attending my first  meetup next month! Lots of new friends to be made and good times to be had I'm sure!
 Hope everyone had a great weekend! Looking forward to conducting our team meeting with  's sound check in the background :)
 RT  Online Community Management – Nine Make or Break Lessons   
  SO CUTE! Congrats to your sis! Cant wait to see you when you return state side :)
 RT  Nothin' quite like a little pixie dust at the  kick-off. Check our blog  with spotlig ...
  Absolutely lady, keep rockin' it! I'd like to add that we share the same interests, tho I've never tried wine & nachos together, ha!
 One of my favorite  blogs - . Follow Heather 
 RT   team let's help!   RT We just hit 9,500 Followers! Help us get to 10,000 .. ...
 RT  Best post about +! think about what it's doing for business! RT:  What Google+ Means For  &  h ...
 Got mine just in time! Thanks  - Google Shuts Down Google+ Invites Because Of "Insane Demand"  via 
 I'm obsessed with 4th of July recipes. Pretty much recipes in general. Seriously, I'm becoming a COOK! 
  agreed! I also become heart broken when I crave a slice on Mondays...
 Awesome. Fan returns home run ball with ABSURD throw (VIDEO)  via 
 Fantastic write up! So helpful... RT  Blog post: a Startup Launch Marketing framework  
 RT  Some ventures are worth more than a paycheck.  Check our spotlight blog post by our co-founder,   ...
  PB&J, it's the Startup way :)
 Haa 'boyz' RT  What the heck... the boyz are taking over the So. Loop  office. HELP  and 
 My  Daily Brief email is now a staple in my morning routine. More so than coffee. Who says old habits die hard?
 PS -  CO-Founder Vince L. has finally joined us in the Twitterverse! Everyone please welcome 
 Hooray! My Mac and Twitter are once again friendlies - I'm no longer beneath the grid!
 Everyone please welcome  CEO  to  It's about time, I know!
 Can't wait for   event tomorrow! Free  brought to you by the letter 'M'. 
  Hello friend! Great to meet you the other night. Looking forward to more good times... and more  references!
 Production levels have dropped drastically at the  office.  stop playing air tennis & get this place back in order!
 Love that  &  are on the same wavelength today. Want to learn to play  Join the movement & mentormob.com. 
 Filling up the last remaining spots for   Yoga event this friday evening! If you dig  and  events, why not RSVP?
 RT  Great time at  kick off last night!   had a great time...looking forward to the season ahead!
 RT  Check us out on Facebook and come get your  flex on for free with a class from MentorMob and  in Lincoln  ...
 Back from vacation, back to work. But first, the  Innovation Awards Kick-Off Cocktail Reception! 
 RT   creates 'playlists' for learning |      (via ...
  I know, I miss our lady lunches!! Do we know when you'll be visiting us in the Midwest??
 Happy Monday! Early meeting in Vince's condo w/ a view for days followed by my first summer school class ever. At least it's my ONLY class!
 Got the house clean, booked an event, now taking the edge off at Mayfest w/   
 The entire office's concentration was just disrupted by the badger badger video.
 The New Community Manager Profile 
 What in the hell is this MentorMob thing you ask?? Here's a helpful breakdown thanks to  and  
 RT  Chicago Tech Company of the Day:  - 
 Exciting! RT  ready to roll with  winners and finalists    and 
 Wade can  dripping down his forearm
 RT   Jake Peavy tosses 5th career shutout, beats  1-0. A 3-hit shutout with 8 K's.
 
 RT  Yippie now time to work hard at  with     
 I may have  but I think  and the  should make marketing magic! A sports fan can dream! PS anyone got tix? ;)
 The future  office will not only feature a ball pit free of kid germs, BUT you can also meet the MM family of dogs 
      absolutely! not mention the pups are visiting the office today!
 RT  The only people more impressive than the MentorMob team are those who support us.Thanks for making our Beta launch party  ...
 Worth noting the  women who are taking over:    and yours truly :)
 At the  office & there are currently more women than men here! Rarely does estrogen reign supreme in the green-walled dungeon :)
  ah yes. Wise words indeed.
  The 'Convergence' here at Manifest is beginning...
 Somehow attending  Manifest on  is extremely fitting. Waiting for department presentations with 
 PS still on a high from last night. I feel hungover from all the excitement :) Busy day  the office today, then off 2  manifest
 New apartment internet activation countdown: 3 days! It's been two weeks and I fear I may go blind from all the squinting at iphone screen.
 RT  What a night!  winners        ...
 RT  Congrats to all the finalists of this event - you are helping to make Chicago a wonderful technology hub! 
 RT  The final thought - together we will make an impact on the community! 
 WE'RE SHOUTING FROM THE ROOFTOPS! Literally!!  awarded Best New Concept Award at the  THANKS TO ALL WHO VOTED!!!!!
   MEEE EITHER!! Gah I'm so excited!! Chris &I also need to plan our next trip back to PGH before thanksgiving :D
  Ps we don't have Internet in the new apartment yet :( I feel like I've fallen off the planet!
  Aaaawwee I miss you guys SO MUCH!! Sabrina just crawl into Chel's suitcase when she comes out in July ;-) WISH I WAS THERE!
 RT   named finalist in the ITA CityLIGHTS New Concept Award! VOTE!  (we’re on the 5th awards pa ...
 RT  Over 1200 votes for   in the first 24 hours - nice.
 I have a very healty obsession with  where her album 21 becomes the soundtrack of my day. Seriously girl, do the damn thing!
  I'm sure they would if it were legal!
 PS GO  :) :) :)
 Big day followed by an even bigger night's sleep. Heading to bed at 9:30? Yep! Sounds about right :) 
 RT  Some seriously tight races CityLIGHTS Awards!  Make sure to vote.. every one will make a difference!   ...
  The idea is to learn from and teach others about different hobbies or interests on the internet through a new social community :)
  Oh no worries. We're in beta testing, and I can give you an Invite Code so you can access the site from anywhere.
  I work for a start up in Chicago that has created a new .com where learning is free and fun. Golf is up there :) Interested?
 RT  We’re Thrilled! We're finalists in the ITA CityLIGHTS New Concept Award! VOTE!   (we’re on the 5th pa ...
 VOTE for us MentorMob in the ITA CityLIGHTS New Concept Award!  (we’re on the 5th awards page) Plz RT!!! 
 VOTE for us MentorMob in the ITA CityLIGHTS New Concept Award!   (we’re on the 5th awards page) Plz RT!!! 
 We’re THRILLED! Named finalist in the ITA CityLIGHTS New Concept Award! VOTE!  (we’re on 5th awards page) 
 41 days 14 hours and 33 minutes till I'm in Florida. 43 days 14 hours and 33 minutes till I'm in Florida celebrating my birthday!
 Happy Friday! This  is dedicated to Tweeters on the  team!!     
   Yes, my love, we'll figure something out. When do you officially take off?
   nothing would give me more pleasure :)
  wow. that's not what we talked about the other day! what brought the sudden change of plans??
  next time for sure :) Plus we move back in 17 days!
  still at the Depaul Starbucks, and I have to run to Union to make a 7:35 train :( Boy is trying to make train from lakeview...
  HAHA. That's right lady, I can always count on you to do your part!
 See people?? Kindness does pay off! I was just given a free tasty treat at the Starbucks counter. Spread it around!!
  Skip Google! I work w/ a startup company which makes it super easy to learn anything online. We're in beta, care for a link?:)
  um. you can share some of my coffee!! haha. Come!
 Excited for testing today!! Come visit myself,   and other  team members at the Depaul Starbucks!
  B4 you hit the pool, you can learn swimming basics on MentorMob.com! We're a new social community & totally free:) Interested?
  you can learn to play guitar on MentorMob.com! It's totally free. I work community mngmt and can offer you an invite code :) :)
  you can learn to play guitar on your own time on MentorMob.com! Totally free and in beta testing. DM me for an invite code :) :)
 This Marketing Yourself: Job Seeking class should be taught in every school across America. If not for the networking possibilities alone.
  still want to learn how to play golf? you can do so for free on MentorMob.com :) We're a start up in Chicago... Interested?
  still interested in learning to play golf? you can do so for free on MentorMob.com! We're a start up in Chicago. Interested?
  very soon! May 1st. 17 days and counting!
 "Success comes from passionately failing" - 
  probably sometime this summer. August maybe?? We'll definitely be in town for Thanksgiving this year though :)
  will do! but i need you to follow me first to message you :-/
 Seriously need to get back to yoga class  Can't wait for May when I live 10 minutes away :)
 List of a few people I miss:      ... What are we going to do about this??
  I work w/ a startup company which makes it super easy to learn anything online. Including the guitar! For free :) Interested?
  I work w/ a startup company which makes it super easy to learn anything online. Including the guitar! For free :) Interested?
 Gosh darn it, I forgot the boys are on this afternoon! There goes my WHOLE schedule :)... They're worth it! 
  Still want to knit?? I work w/ a startup company which makes it super easy to learn anything online. For free :) Interested?
  I work w/ a startup company which makes it super easy to learn anything online. You can learn how to knit NOW, lol Interested?
  I work w/ a startup company which makes it super easy to learn anything online. We can teach you how to knit for free :) Interested?
  Thanks for the love! I'm offering up invite codes to a new learning site I work for, and grilling is live! Want to check it out?
  haha :) That's for me to know, and Twitter to be left out!
 Ok, Wednesday. Here's the plan: Clean bedroom. Start packing. Eat. Take Soph for walk. Take boyfriend to doctor. Work. Eat. Work out. Sleep.
  I'll DM you  :)
  No worries! We're still learning to walk in beta testing, so I'll DM you a fancy invite code :)
  still want to learn how to grill? I work w/ a startup company which makes it super easy to learn anything online :) Interested?
  I've got lots of grill tips! I am working with a startup company in the city which makes it super easy to learn anything online
  I can help w/ your gardening goal! I work w/ a startup company which makes it super easy to learn anything online. Interested?
  Ugh. Blown save thanks to a 5 run 9th inning, no thanks to Matt Thorton. Otherwise we're playing well. Offense looks stellar.
  wow what an exciting day! you crazy  fan, you.  over eat for me! especially the bacon... don't forget the bacon :P
  I'm pretty good! Deep in packing mode as we prepare to move back to the city. Until then, it's like nothing else matters :) You?
  Haha, you showoff ;) I'm sitting here eating one of those fake whipped yogurts... sad.
 I need a desk. I don't get anything done from the laptop on the couch. Desks make everything official, & I officially need to get work done.
 Paul Konerko is like Superman. The fact that he bleeds should be overlooked since he never fails to take his base after a beating. 
  I think they're selling it at Target. Crazy Optimism deals now! Don't miss out!
 I'm in serious need of a movie at the  It's been too long, and I miss it's magic.
  Interesting is better than dull! It sounds like you're on the right track. It's all about optimism, yes? Thats what I'm told.
  No worries. His name is Christopher, and he's wonderful. We're not married yet, but already have plans for a Jameson fountain
  although for April Fools, I told Claire (best friend, did you meet her?) that Brad was gay. She totally bought it. Glorious.
  haha. Limited Time! Don't let this offer pass you by!! Geez Louise. Long time, sir! How are things?? Just dandy I hope :)
  I know. Brenna and Simon moved to Florida, Chris Lett is becoming a flight attendant... some I just don't talk to anymore.
  long time indeed! remember that time we planned to meet up for a drink, and never did? I'm disappointed in us.
  juicy. it makes you look juicy.
 Why do random people keep  mentioning me about "crazy free iPad deals you've got to see to believe!" Stop it.
 I'm the voice of  's tutorial, hehe! :)
 I already have an iPhone and a Macbook. I don't need the iPad... but I'm beginning to want one. Damn apple trends.
 Things that I love: The Big Band Era, smell of rain,  cabin retreats, my job  Sunday afternoons, & listening to vinyl.
  Thanks for the shout out the other day! Hope all is well with you and the Exports :-)
 Inviting some cool people to skip the wait list & check out mentormob.com before we launch to the masses.  team is crazy excited!
 That's right,  gets my vote for best username.
 Oh and expect more from  too!!
 Exciting  team meeting! Officially in Beta launch means amazing social media madness!! Expect more updates from yours truly!!
 Turning this bustling house into an Irish Pub for Mom's birthday is my best idea yet! Now to get in party preparation mode...
  you too!! Enjoy your St. Patty's!!
 RT   nice to meet you . 
 Brainstorming downtown on campus. Will be brainstorming more with  back in the burbs while eating delicious Bill's Pizza.
  I was counting on those! Haha, jk :P Awesome event, we're having a blast here in the back!!
 At the  at  with  Here for the Cubs and Whitesox Cactus League game. Go get 'em boys!! LET'S GO SOX!!
 RT    get your poker face on! Go time for  Junior League of Chicago's Windy City Nig ...
  Hi Honey!! You DID do it! But how are you going to tell Lett you've tweeted outside 
 Prepare for some heated competition!  is joining the social volleyball scene on North Ave Beach! First we need a creative name...
 This lady has finally reached the end of a long and exhausting week. For the finale? Lounging w/ the boyfriend and pup in front of the TV :)
 Fantastic meeting       and more at the  MT&GT last night!
 Everyone watch out! Kikimobster of  has a new username...    !!
  Oops! I think you meant Arranged by Erin's inserts :) Totally different person, with a great name! My inserts next time!!
 Working on school stuff in  library, then socializing  style at the TLTeam Meet & Greet thrown by 
 Woohoo!!  SNO'VENTURE 2011 was a resounding success! I'm officially adding snowboarding to my long list of hobby love affairs :-)
 Gearing up for the big  SNO'VENTURE this Saturday at  This first-timer is up for the challenge!!
 Late night work while watching "The Sandlot". The sleeping boyfriend and the sleeping dog are missing ever-y-thing!
 Witnessing  's first PBR. Her reaction? "Not bad!"
 Headed to  to see  and crew rock the stage!! I'll be there with  and  friends!! Cheers!!
 Just planned a fantastic reunion for  and I. Can't wait to catch up with my favorite flirt.
 Sorry bus, but i'm going to walk this one. It's too beautiful outside!! Get a load of that sky... :-)
 "In order to change the world, you have to get your head together first." - Jimi Hendrix
  you too! I have returned to the twitter grid after 2 years of virtual hibernation :-) How is PA?? We miss everyone so much!!
 RT  Let's go boys let's do this
 "Young PR Pros Discuss Mobile Technology!" Listening to Amy Falk speak at ASOP mobile tech seminar. 
 RT  Spring weather? Bah. Pothole watch. Send me twitpics and street addresses of bad ones. Hashtag is  Pls RT
 I know this is crazy, but I SWEAR I can smell spring in the breeze blowing through my window...  Now everyone please knock on wood for me :)
   hahaha. Well we all play off our strengths!!
 Working from home today! Biking & gardening & bartending OH MY! Mob, mob, mob. 
 It's brainstorming hour here  ! Starring your two favorite marketistas  and  . Let's DO IT!
 Getting work done in the good 'ol Columbia library! Maybe going to the SXSW event at the Whit tonight??
 I joined Greater Chicago Rock Climbing Community on Meetup. You should too! 
 Wow, I just read the Lollapalooza news. Eminem, Foo Fighters, AND Muse??! Whoa boy. 20th Anniversary indeed!
  That only means there's more Benny to love!! I'll be in Florida for Star Wars weekend at Disney... love your fellow nerd :)
  Haha, oh Benny it's good to see you haven't changed! So you didn't tell me, how are things? I've been out of the loop for so long
  Hey hey hey stanger! How's life??!!
  haha yeah, at LEAST! The boyfriend and I will be at Magnolia & Gunnison, one block north of Mag & Lawerence. Can't wait! :)
  Fantastic!! Where are you in Uptown?? It's been FOREVER since I've seen you!!
  we've actually got a place set up for May 1st in Uptown, right down the street from the Green Mill! Makes me a happy girl :)
 I can't wait to move back to the city!! This commute is starting to get the best of Christopher and I.
 Gearing up for a busy week! Networking events & more networking events. Is anyone else on Meetup.com, and have their events been beneficial?
 Hello again, friends!  is BACK IN BUSINESS! New start for a new woman, minus the foul language :) Hope everyone is fantastic!
 Looking forward to the  Past Winners Showcase tonight!  and I will be there. YOU can watch here! 
