 Off work. What is there to do tonight
 Wtf man. Lol my Momma took all the mirrors down in the house
 I need to stop playing and go to the bank and make this deposit before somebody rob my Ass lol
 Lol is it weird that I always say "I have to tinkle" instead of "i have to pee\Piss" .? Lol
 THEY ARE HAVING A JOB FAIR TODAY  PROVIDENCE HOSPITAL FOR ANYONE WHO NEEDS A JOB. INTERVIEWS AND HIRING ON THE SPOT. HOUSEKEEPING & DIETARY
  lol
  o wow
  was Tryna make me drive home drunk tonight.
  should taste the one from my job
 Lmfao why would u wanna act like ur bowlegged.? RT " Hate when girls try to act bow legged"
  lol why u change it hoe
  he was low key Tryna show off too. Like did you tell Denae and Marie about it new expensive ass swimsuit from Macys lol
  lol then the other basic bitch geeking her head up like Damn baller. Her boyfriend work there too, he the one who bought it
 It was a swimsuit for $90 that she got 1\2 off. She just thought that was the biggest purchase ever. Lol
 Lol girl at my job was super happy that she bought something from macys. Said she was Gon Twit pic a pic of the bag. Lmfao
  I don't drink and drive lol
  fasho my Nigga lol how imma get home tho.?
  yep ciroc.!
 Lol why my stupid Ass go to the nail shop and ask for "stuck on me" Lmfao
 RT  My check engine light jus came one. Smh
 Threading hurts 10x worse than getting em waxed.!
 I'm mad at myself for getting my eyebrows threaded all these years and going thru that pain cuz I was scared to get em waxed.
 Finally back home. Thought I was gonna be out till it was time for work. Glad I get to take a nap
 Might as well get my nails done while I wait on this woman. .
 RT  I need to stop talking about people but some of the shit i see won't allow me to !!
 RT   for waking me this morning. He is the greatest.
 Goodnight people
 Flush
 Grr.
  lol no I didn't. And you had the right know/no the first time
 Lmfao RT"  anybody living on the westside"
 Girl you talk to much...shut up.!
 Stop.! Now make that muthafucka hammertime.!
 RT"  a Nigga That Gossip !"
 Lmfao all jokes aside,I went 2 the beauty supply my friend works at and tried on a lace front Lmfao. It was cute to me, still couldn't do it
 Guess ill try getting my eyebrows waxed for the first time ever. I always got em threaded. Which hurts more, wax or thread.?
 RT   a girl who claim she a model but pay for her pictures. She a lie and weak as hell cuz models dont pay f ...
  who r u.? Lol
 Lmfao I remember my crazy Ass first use to tell me he was gonna break my dogs legs when he got mad at me. Lol
 Omg sounds perfect right about now.! RT" just had two chili dogs and some chili cheese fries ultra slap"
 Lol RT " Yup! RT  wats yours is mine & wats mine is MINE ! l0l ."
 Lol :D " Why everybody keep tellin me that? RT  I told my girls you can get iiiittttt.!"
 Clearly he does RT "  he has my sister fucked up"
 Yall like my new hair style.? Purple looks good on me :) 
 Lmfao this Nigga just hoed the Fuck outta his self. Called my sister and asked her to get him a Evo in her name
 I told my girls you can get iiiittttt.!
 Lmfao man this Bitch Janaye got a bluetooth with a cord on it connected to her phone. Lol
 People Piss me off when they don't wanna let me over. Ill scratch your brand new car Idgaf. Try me.
 I bought some clear Mascara the other day. And I LOVE it..!
 I want a oatmeal cream pie. The one I had the other day was too delicious
 Payday today.! $$$
  lol w.e.
 Omg anyone know of any apartment complexes where you don't have to make 3x the rent amount. That Shit stupid
 Ok my phone is back working. Dk for how long tho.
 I put my long original one in. It feels so weird cuz its longer
 Changing my tongue ring, haven't in soooooo long.
 Lmfao man I'm petty. I just called my grandma and told on my momma.
 Lol I LOVEEEE my daddy. He woke me and my sister up by coming in the room singing his own made up song loud "I love nae boo and yell yell".!
 Lol the new education connection(online college commercial) girl not hype enuff.
  ;)
  lol so were u
  how
 Off day today.! What is there to do.? Preferably something that has to do with making $$$ lol but fun will work too
 Omg.! I wanna go to sleep. Anyway....waking up early to get out this house
 RT  Im Woke like a fukn 
 RT"  not  RT  Niggas are not supposed to be taking pictures w/they lips poked out 
  Dk how
  lol yo sleeping schedule is messed up
  when and where
 Dang my bitch dora was thirsty. She was drinking water for a minute st8, when I put water in her bowl lol
 Ok so I need to go put my car out on the street, so my mom can get out....I'm in my bra and undies. Lol should I risk it.?  lol
  why aren't u sleep sir.?
   " My bday tomorrow. I turn 21. Oh yeah. 
  its not, but thanks for hoping. :)
  Omg lol ur all I see on my TL
  mt bad I just seen it
  me to. Not happening no time soon tho
 Up still. Can't sleep. Thinking about a lot
  :)
 Aww Ty RT"  Cute Twit Pic =)"
 Boring...af.! "  How you like Michigan ?"
    finding somewhere for me and Danielle to stay
 I wanna go to fab 5 comedy tour soooooo bad.!
   oh I know.! Smh
 Michigan has em everywhere.! "  Bootleg taco restaurant in cali"
 Off brand taco bell...nasty RT" WTF is a del taco ???"
 "  _____ gives good head!"  .....I assume since ppl be all on her team lol
 "  ____'s Vagina is "Blew Out!" All my Followers can hide in it! Lol" 
 "  ____ fucked all the Promoters in my City!"  she like to get into the parties free. Lol ily
 Lol me &  was too thirsty.We hopped in the car too quick and went 2 micky ds to get a xtra large hi c  for $1 lol 
  lol ur tweet had me cracking up for some reason
   following
 RT  if askin somebody to like your status or pic on facebook aint the thirstiest shit ever smh
 Let the whole team hit it Lmfao" the best thing 2 do when u get a new boyfriend is let him &his boys run a train on u"
 RT  When A Guy Cries Over A Girl
  wat kind someone might wanna purchase it
  lol I look like o den seen u sale a few of them
 RT" ( 7 ) Days Without Love, Makes ( 1 ) 'Weak'."
  Lmfao.!
  lol u still sell metros boy
 Lmfao wow RT " I ate  ASS! (hint he has over 50,000 followers) hehe"
 Guess ill go and get a new phone tomorrow. Is there a metro pcs store that's better than the others.? With more options or something? East.!
  :)
  a top and a bottom and shoes
  lol
  one with 4 wheels lol
  Smh alot
 RT  When girls think about their future with their BF, its normal. But when a guy thinks of his (cont) 
 That was me lol RT  Jesus did I just see gorgeous African American women in a sun dress !!! God bless her soul. 
 RT  If u Owe me Money don't Tweet me, Call Me, Text Me, or Inbox Me until u have my Funds
  no we don't. That bitch can kick rocks
 Ugh :( not having my phone is the most irritating shit ever
  or from home
  Yw does he work out of a shop too.?
 Yes danielles mother RT "  a Bear? Lmmfao"
  how was work
 Just woke up. 
 RT   life was fun & stress free!!
 My tummy fuqking hurts.!!!!
 BTW the mother my sister and brother is officially the CEO of 
 Smh I still don't know what to do, or how I'm gonna do it.....
  Lmfao selfish. You and the baby can be fresh
  ok
  yes
 Home from work. Still irritated
  check ur dm's
 Soooooo serious about that last tweet :(
 Soooo Fucking irritated at everything.! Who's renting a room out. I can not stay here with her anymore.!
 Lol why are ppl texting me at 6am.? O well I'm up so w.e.
 Omg I be Tryna tell dumb mf'ers that, I hate when ppl think that.! RT" All Asian people aren't Chinese."
  lol wat u want.? I want wings and chili cheese fries
 :) night night
 RT  Some head would be perfect right now... Along wit something to eat from Coney
 RT  I want sex
 Haha me.!" Fuck everyone that's watching 90's Night on Nickelodeon"
 Omg.! RT " I hate when people ask me to do something, then criticize how I do it"
  I found it. Ty
 RT  I'm a 90's baby… yup yup 
 RT  Let me go watch Teen Nick
 RT " I like girls like my belts. You gotta be able to help me hold my shit together & compliment me at the same time!!!"
  what channel
 RT" S/o to the niggas that really love they girl, the ones who fight for yall relationship, the loyal ones. you know. Ilyall !!"
 Ugh Someone talk to me. I'm bored...
 Ugh that shit irritating. W.e tho
  ill text it
 La dee dah dee, we like tah partieee.!
 Back home. Eating snacks. Bored about to get up to watch single ladies and basketball wives
  Lmfao I meant to do the retweet with the comment not the regular retweet
 My Momma so Damn irritating. Her voice Omg.!
 Lol uh huh. Lol and I didn't mean to retweet" I still feel like its no other guy out here for me...i jus wanted u RDW!!!!"
 RT  I still feel like its no other guy out here for me...i jus wanted u RDW!!!!
  of course
  lol he's the only one I would call
  Lmfao ok. Wyd
 Off work. I love working mornings. What should I do now.?
 Haven't had pop in like a month. Got one today. I chose rock and rye :)
 She so cool. Give head wit her shades on B) Lmfao
   lol thanks. Call my bf
  lol I been doing it for a while
 Finally made it home. Nice and buzzed. Some sex would be great right now :) 
 Ok. Wow someone was was just going the wrong way down 94. I thought I was a lil drunk lol
 Drinking then on the way to sweetwater then Idk what after with   
 Ugh. I guess the drama starts now
 Lol this is wat I decided 2 pack & clean up in. daddy saidI look like a hooker. I love walking around the house in heels 
  lol it just opened on the 21st. But its on 8 mile
  either 8mile or woodward. But in that area tho
 Tax free RT" lmao RT  Lol on my foot. Sure RT " would you let me piss on you for 100,000? lol" ."
 Lol I saw king of diamonds the other day (Detroit location) I kinda wanna go lol
 I'm ready to get another one, but this time I want liq on deck lol
 My week has been boring. Nothing but work. The room my boyfriend and I got the other day was the only excitement.
  Lol I believe it. She just stood there. She only does that with this and Halloween costume. Any regular clothes she's fine with
 RT" " I would never let my GF fight somebody if I was around..that shit would degrade her character...""
  lol u like it.?
 Lol on my foot. Sure RT " would you let me piss on you for 100,000? lol"
 RT" RT  The only thing worst than a hood rat is a white hood rat!"
 RT  RT  The only thing worst than a hood rat is a white hood rat!
  lol I said don't be a hater. I can make you one too
 My dogs true religion outfit Lmfao don't be a hater 
 Finally finished Doras outfit. Yea Imma seamtress  Lmfao this got us a good laugh 
 Go freak bitch, go freak bitch, go
 This bitch  listening to diggy Simmons Lmfao
 Lol I made it out of my old pillowcase
 Lmfao yea I'm bored. I'm making my dog a new shirt Lmfao she gon love me. And yes that's a needle n thread for a sew in 
 Lmfao look what I found while cleaning. Imma wear it to the river walk Lmfao 
  who did it.? It's so neat
 RT"  say it -ne-yo"
 RT    you got Titties with no ass . ¯\(°_o)/¯
 Sweetwater tomorrow woot woot    
 Off work early yay.!
  Woot Woot
  Lmfao no
 Currently at northland lol this a weird mall
 What's the closest mall to livernois and outer drive.?
  Lmfao Bitch don't play
 Lmfao  to my mad ass ex. Tried to cuss me out cuz I told him I wasn't gonna come see him
  home
 Everytime we go out we gotta watch everybody else eat, Hell I wanna eat Too. Lmfao
 Watching baps Lmfao
 Just got to work. Man let this Shit go by quick.
 Omg buzzed and horny.
  Lmfao
  :) you forgot about Dora
 F-i-f-t-y c-e-n-t and s-n double o-p 
 And I just won $28 with my lottery ticket  lol
 I swear I was about to get hoed. Lol but he didn't ask for my id. 
 Man  had me on a dummy mission tryna get liquor with no id. And Im 20. Lol
 Who in the warren area 21.? I need a drink.
 Cranberry juice. 100%juice not urn cocktail kind 
 Lmfao  
 Lmfao my bitch classy.! 
 Lmfao" Im  2nite.. I dont have no Kush no Liq & not gettn no Roster Neck either...& im not live az fuck 2nite either"
 Me and dora about to go visit our freak 
 Lmfao we was Tryna tell you.! RT "  Omg, I Loved It.! Ayeeeeee "Throw That Neck Back""
  lol Naw man. Where vonny at.?
 A good boyfriend will not wanna change anything about you, other than your lastname.
 RT " RT  when u been through the bad u see good potential"
  Aww shit let me get in this car Lmfao
 Lmmfao RT " Spead and taste...haaaa...lehme put sum of dis aquafina up in ya life...lol 
 RT  Make sure you are falling in love with someone who's willing to catch you.
  lol she irritating. And I want some daquiris 
  same reason why u laughing
 RT  I'm surprised the four friends I have still my friend lol     I guess  ...
  tell me about it lol
 soooooo  how did you like getting some neck for the first time 
 Listening to  AGAIN.!
 LMFAO RT  Happy Denae didn't leave me hanging today lol  :-)
  she don't wanna get up
 RT  RT  No Teasing, You've Waited Long Enough. Go Deep Ima Throw It At You Can You Catch It. (cont) 
 Most don't RT  RT  Boys don't mind being used for sex, do they?
 Damn forgot those Damn  movies were supposed to be back. Now they gon charge me $4 lol
 Lmfao RT  Watching  I'm in the Marijuana Business.
 RT  2 MUCH $ AINT ENOUGH $
  lol yes you will :)
 It is ! RT  One day I'm walking down the isle to Love by musiq soulchild.it's definitely one of the most beautiful songs of our time.
  Lmfao what's wrong with it.?
  lol true
  lol I guess you won't be having any visitors.
  Lmfao why you say that
  Lmfao I hope you mean the one on gratiot
  lol where do you stay
 Riding sounds fun right about now. Lmfao 
 Tonight you on the bottom, cuz we 
 Who wants 2 visitors.?
 Lmfao this girl that I went 2 high school with wore these timberland heeled boots everyday. No mater the outfit 
 Ok so I start my bc again this week. I swear it bet not be no bullShit.don't have time 2 gain weight or acne
 Can I get one more chance to just hear you say yes.? 
 You play the back, Bitch Im in the front.!
 Ain't no where that id be, then wit your arms around me. 
 From the way you would hold me, to the sweet things you told me.... 
 I swear I listen to best I never had about 5 times a day 
 Ugh wifi acting dumb af. Anyway I wanna get back out the house. Since it prob has cooled down Wyd.?
 Lmafo.! " I like to had a got that pussy lol 
  lol I said ill bring you some
 Me and  starving. Who wanna go to sweetwater with us.?
  aye. Wyd
  call me now trick
 Lol "  FUCK THE POLICE xs 100,000,000"
 Lol I haven't experienced them that old &  once "  u in Det, wat u expect? its so many thirsty niggas period"
 Lol we didn't we free.! RT"   Don't go to Jail =("
 I wanna be a cop.! They uniform crispy lol
 So some of you people that do illegal stuff need to watch out. Cuz I swear you wouldn't be able to tell.
 And some were dressed in regular Ass clothes and looked like regular Detroit Niggas. But had they badge around they neck
 But on the plus side there were a BUNCH of cute Ass Detroit cops. Omg.! That were young.
 Asking for my number and just about breaking they neck to look at my Ass
 And never have I been in one place with so many thirsty 30 yr old and up Niggas.
 It was soooo many females there dressing up for court. I seen prom heels. Pointy toe heels. Stripper heels Omg
 First I had to walk back to my car twice. First because of my cell then because of my glass perfume bottle.
 Omg just left the 36district court downtown. Lmfao what an experience.!
 Downtown with  time for court lol
 .imma sip until I feel it, imma smoke until its done
 Lmfao that ice cream was too good RT" Thanks to  I am throwing on some clothes to run to McDonald's smh lol"
 Kk "  tell yo sister I said hiiiiiiiiiiiiiii lol"
 Movie night with my lil brother and sister.  
 Caramel Sundae from mcDonalds 
 Anywayz.....
 I wish  call me back so we can plan this shit.!
 Home from work. Deposited my whole check into my savings. Except gas money. I'm proud of me.
 Omw to work. All black everything. Lol Imma die.!
 Payday today. Woot Woot. Its going st8 to savings. I think. Lol
 Eating my honey nut cherrios. Yumm wish is was froot loops tho
 Lmmfao "   I GOT HER NICE & EXTRA HEAVY LMAO YALL SILLY~"
 :)"  so late lol"
 Nothin to do until 3....then Imma start getting ready for work
  lol I just now seen this
 Man my exs are soooooo thirsty, like the ones I was with when I was 16 and 17..its been like 5 years and you still Tryna get back with me???
 Bitch you know you suck that dick.! Lmmfao 
 I'm up, had to move my car so mom could get out the drive way. Time to get naked again so I can fall bck asleep
 :( I miss  and I want him to cheer up and feel better.
 Lol I'm getting my house work done for crackhead prices. Paid my brother $3 to wash more than  a sink full of dishes.
 Omg NO ONE calls me anymore. Even the thirsty males have stopped. Lol
 Ready to go to bed.! Took my vitamins. Im ready for a shower now.!
  Lmfao w.e bitch
 Last tweet is old from last night. It was still I'm my drafts
 Lol My sister outside talking to one of her "freaks"..I DON'T miss talking to more than one person at a time...At All..much less complicated
 Hundreds of Millions RT " Do you realize that in about 40 years, well have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?"
  ,  want some latchhooks. Lol how much.? I got her, late bday gift
  Lmfao that's how  hair look under her weave. But she might as well make that a mohawk
 Her zillions or kinky twist were too tight Lmfao.! RT" ladies!!...what went wrong with her?? "
  lol not if they got like ten kids Lmfao
 Omg lol" LMMFAOOO HA! RT   if you text him "I love you"and he reply " check you out bae"..."
 Lol when they started thinking they were barbies"  4 females 2 wear all these colored hair 
 then these 2 girls looked no more than 16,both pushing strollers with newborns  thought they were all that &a bag of hot cheetos lol
 Lol this lady was getting her hair done. A sew in, long remy hair and everything ($200+)why her two daughters have latchhooks.?   !
 Lol dude  eastland had his crown Victoria or w/e it was painted all gold with black bold letters on the side saying "magnum"   !
 Lol they do look nice. Lmao but ty RT "  oooo them hips... I don't see nothing wrong in that pic."
 Ok I'm about to take my brother to eastland 2 get a haircut and i finally convinced him to cut his mohawk ok. Wat kind of cut should he get?
 Still working on my tummy.... :( I'm really trying you guys and it won't change....lol I love food too much 
 Anyone know someone with a toy fox terrier.?
 Driving home from work I found myself crying while singing best I never had.I love that song.! & I can't stand that m'f er that I call my ex
  Idc, cuz as soon as somebody text or call that didn't have permission they gon get hoed
    lol o wow
 Imma take my dog over my uncle house and let deigo feel on her booty so she can have puppies lol
 RT it really does,I be wanting to kick they ass " Like a biatch! RT   does the threading hurt?"
 I hate milk too,by it self....I can tolerate it with cereal tho " milk is so trife but cereal gotta be moist."
 Damn that sounds sooo good right about now RT" I want some captain crunch this morning"
 Anybody know anybody with a toy fox terrier.? A boy. I wanna breed my dog b4 this bitch ovaries get old and crusty lol she's 5
 Lol my favorite bitch. I love her 
 Lol salty face.! " Ny boss changed the password to the wifi. Wow. I guess he didn't want us on our laptops at work. Bitch."
 Lol my phone  is the easiest thing ever.Other than the area code its only 4 diff.numbers some repeating &they are not mixed up 7240 
 Momma, Lmfao bitch Idgaf about you slamming not one door,cuz as soon as you break something of urs from doing it,you gon look dumb as fuck.!
 RT"  Bank of America is the best bank HA lol"
 Somwthing needs to change ASAP. I can't take this shit no more.....ugh
 RT  I wanna cuddle rite na !
  used to swear her hair was longer than me and my sisters when we were younger, but it was no where near  Lmmfao
 Alesha mad.! RT" DENAE GOT NIGGA HAIR"
 Lmfao.! " Damn  got me wanting to give some bomb ass head right now, mouth all watery nshit lol"
  said she wanted to give me some brain during the storm last night
 This bitch mad as hell that I got that good shit....my hair gets curly when wet and hers turns to a Afro
   o lol yea
 Lol Yall know how many fuqking people told me I look Indian.? Not native American....7-11/eastern eateries Indian lol....do Yall see it.?
 Lmfao. Dude just told me I don't look 100% black. I don't see it at all. Other than my good hair Lmfao
 RT" To think that there was a Time that I Almost Loved U. U showed yo ass and baby I saw the Real u."
 RT  Thank God u blew it
  lol ayyyee wat.?
  k.
 RT  sucking dick doesnt make you a hoe, it just means youre a wise woman who knows how to keep a man happy
  k. When u wanna go to one of them.?
 RT  everyone always has a good day after getting some good head
 When u do share it with me, I need it lol" finna come up with a work out plan"
 RT  random phone calls & texts from the one you like is THE greatest feeling.
 Aww 2 cute" I Would Be A FOOL To Leave Her To Chase Hoes Lol....I Got A Good Lady At Home...I Love Her <3"
  ok when. Have you tried either of them.?
 Lol My sister outside talking to one of her "freaks"..I DON'T miss talking to more than one person at a time...At All..much less complicated
 Work in the morning
 Niight ppl
 Pandora time....ZzZzZZ
 I still wanna try sweetwater and southern fires.....are they both really that good like ppl say.?
 :( in my bed alone 
  wat church do you go to
 UGH this big ass centipede just came from no where and me and  just about hopped on the counter. Our nasty ass dog picked it up.
  wat he do
 I wanna start goin to church again. Who wants me to go with them.? 
     lol you gon stay and actually drink this time.?
 :(
 RT  I don't ask for much in a relationship. Because I have my own material things. I just ask for loyalty, honesty, & a litt ...
  the phone works tho. Just not texting
 Lmfao RT" Todays Relationships: you can touch eachother, but not each others phones."
     long time ago. She don't be on it tho
 RT  That awkward moment when your friend is getting yelled at by their parents, So you just sit there and look at your ph ...
     when and where.?
 I wanna get a room. Just our immediate circle. No males. And sip    
  lol
 Cooking this cube steak...Yummy
 RT" Never underestimate a girl's ability to find shit out..."
  Haha
 Food.! " 
 All the females at my Job, smoke fucking cigarettes.ugh if Yall EVER see me with a cigarette in my mouth, I give u permission 2 beat my ass.
 RT" There Was Something About His Touch That Gave Me Butterflies.! ^___^"
 RT  if you Cheat on a Good woman...... you really Cheating yourself out of something REAL...
  from this episode I don't even see why they would start fighting. They both were sad and crying not angry and mad
 Yes it is.! " L.A. Noir is fun as hell lol"
  hell yea. U talking about my momma and phone right.?
 RT  I don't save new numbers in my phone because my phone keeps the conversation. And I just dnt feel like it lol
  I think they just want us to think that.
 RT" A hair cut can take a nigga from a 5 to a solid 8 
 Omg I can't wait to see basketball wives next week.!! I wanna know who  was fighting.!
 :) victoria secret sent me a coupon for another free pair of undies. They love me lol
   idk. Bored
 Under this a/c about to take a nap, so I don't have to deal with my stomach issues :(
 Omg wtf is wrong with me, my stomach is KILLING me.! And no I don't have to boo boo...I'm about to freaking cry
   Wyd today
 Got off work early BTW. Glad it was hot af in there
 I wanna go swimming. Whose coming.?
 Lol hey"  :)"
  I'm ok sir
 RT" I need a kiss & a Hug"
 Getting dressed 4 work,I have on mismatch socks and mismatch panties and bra  I was too lazy to finish laundry lol 
 Lmfao top ramen noodles are so fuqking nasty. When those were bought they NEVER got eaten. Only ramen
 RT" I use to mess wit the weakest niggas dude Lmfao"
 RT" I fell for your personality, and your looks are just a bonus"
 Look at  hair 
  o lol ummm
 Word RT" What is a four letter word that starts with W"
  I kno. That's why I tagged you
 Lmfao Omg look at this shit. I can't stop laughing  
 Man I'm hungryyyyyyyyy. And happys closed. What else is open late.
 Ugh. Work tomorrow. Gotta find out wat time, cuz I sure don't know. And I gotta wash clothes
 Lmfao RT" Why do people say pu**y taste good. I've never seen any order a salad with pu**y dressing ......lol"
 Just woke up. Wat did I miss.? Other than the  game.?
 RT" Don't call me that shit.. I aint ya fuckin boo.. shit truth be told.. I don't even fuck wit you..."
