 Every closed eye is not sleeping, and every open eye is not seeing.  Bill Cosby 
 Sometimes the road less traveled is less traveled for a reason.  Jerry Seinfeld  
 Google++One+Month+Later:+What's+Next?  via 
  those are nice stores, aren't they?
 Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back.  Babe Ruth  
 Gamification:+How+Competition+Is+Reinventing+Business,+Marketing+&+Everyday+Life  via 
 A boo is a lot louder than a cheer.If U have 10 people cheering & one person booing, all you hear is the booing.  Lance Armstrong  
 12 Food Trucks Mashable Readers Love  via  
  thanks for the 
  thanks for the 
 Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything.  W. Clement Stone  
 Twitter to Add Parental Controls  via  
 The meek shall inherit the Earth, but not its mineral rights.  J. Paul Getty  
 Apple Now World's Top Smartphone Vendor, Has More Cash than U.S. Government  via 
 RT  “ “Character is higher than intellect. A great soul will be strong to live as well as think.” Emerson”
 Lunch with  ( Johnny B's) 
 Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.  Paul Tournier 
 Rumors: Is This The New iPhone 5 & iPhone 4S? [PICS]  via 
 The fastest way 2 succeed is 2 look as if you're playing by somebody else's rules,while quietly playing by your own.  Michael Korda 
 Jon Stewart Discusses Absurd Twitter Names, Journalistic Integrity | WebProNews  via 
  I'm okay...  has been quietly reassuring me.
 Video-Arkansas lost a great citizen (philanthropist) this week, eccentric, but full of awesomeness... Jennings Osbourne 
 Learning about THE TRUTH from    & a collegue of theirs (missed the name) w/an impressive  score.
 The great leaders are like the best conductors - they reach beyond the notes to reach the magic in the players.  Blaine Lee 
 just my lame attempt to be more like  and 
 Old Spice Mano a Mano Fight Is Over: Fabio Has Been Defeated | WebProNews  via 
 There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.  Colin Powell  
  wow.. Thank you for the 
 Rumor has it my wife is shopping for me some  socks this week in Dallas.
 Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.  Johnny Cash 
 You never get tired unless you stop and take time for it.  Bob Hope  
 He who gets the best players usually wins.  Bobby Bowden  
  I was looking to see if he had those cool shoes on!
  and La Villa doesn't help anyone be honest!
 Dinner with Kaleb and Tanner! ( La Villa) 
  I think it's interchangeable!
 An acre of performance is worth a whole world of promise.  Red Auerbach  
 The best measure of a man's honesty isn't his income tax return. It's the zero adjust on his bathroom scale.  Arthur C. Clarke  
 If all the economists were laid end to end, they'd never reach a conclusion.  George Bernard Shaw 
 An ounce of practice is worth more than tons of preaching. Mohandas Gandhi 
 I'm at Larry's Pizza w/   
 Why Being Certain Means Being Wrong - Harvard Business Review 
 Cannibals prefer those who have no spines.  Stanislaw Lem 
 We Don't Know What We Don't Know - Harvard Business Review -  
    Thanks Eric.
 New Study: Cellphones Don't Cause Cancer  via 
 To lead the people, walk behind them. Lao Tzu 
 The Business of Communicating Values - Harvard Business Review 
 One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.  Arnold H. Glasow 
 Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely.  P. J. O'Rourke 
 Politics is just show business for ugly people.  Jay Leno 
 David Blair: Soul Embodied, Gone Too Soon 
 If you are determined enough and willing to pay the price, you can get it done.  Mike Ditka  
 The Positivity Blog | Increase Your Happiness and Awesomeness 
 I'll put you through hell, but at the end of it all we'll be champions.  Bear Bryant 
 The MySpacing Of Facebook Continues | WebProNews  via 
 Problems are only opportunities in work clothes.  Henry J. Kaiser  
 The+History+of+Advertising+on+YouTube+[INFOGRAPHIC]  via 
 Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you. Never excuse yourself.  Henry Ward Beecher  
 What helps people, helps business.  Leo Burnett 
 Google++Tips+&+Tricks:+10+Hints+for+New+Users  via 
 When your values are clear to you, making decisions becomes easier.  Roy E. Disney 
 Very Proud - Chester Elton on the El Dorado Promise.
 7 Ways Google+ Users Are Getting More Out of Their Circles  via  
 The most important persuasion tool you have in your entire arsenal is integrity. Zig Ziglar 
 2012 Olympics Launches New Event: Competitive Tweeting  via 
 Murphy USA District Manager Meeting Day 2 ( El Dorado Conference Center w/    
 I just unlocked the "Player Please!" badge on  
 You're only as good as the people you hire.  Ray Kroc 
 I am not afraid of death, I just don't want to be there when it happens.  Woody Allen  
  sweet!
 RT  “ ESPY Nomination for the best placement of an Arkansas Razorbacks tattoo  (via  ...
 Microsoft Apologizes for Amy Winehouse Tweet  via  
 Do right. Do your best. Treat others as you want to be treated. Lou Holtz 
  Thank you!
 I am humbled by the awesome conversation tonight. So glad I joined in, so much to learn and so much room to grow. 
 The Total Lunar Eclipse As Seen By Twitter Users [PHOTOS]  via  
  leading from within is humble leadership and there are no "big shots" on an effective team.
 A9 without empowerment, can there be true leadership? Dragging the team behind you isn't exactly leading.
 A7 ultimately, leadership is responsible for the culture... but, if the values are clear, the culture will follow. 
 A6 leaders must remain open minded and foster trust among the team. 
 A4 empowerment allows for unlimited collaboration and endless possibilities. 
 RT “ A4: Empowerment brings humility, takes out ego and provides deeper connection with others 
  empowerment is the freedom to be yourself and control your own destiny.
 RT  A2: with empowerment you shift from safe and mediocre to vulnerability of possibilities. 
 A2  empowerment allows for employees to find creative, real time solutions based on the mission.
  empowerment is trusting that you have everyone on the same page
 Republicans have been accused of abandoning the poor. It's the other way around. They never vote for us.  Dan Quayle  
  you just got a nice mention on Drive Time Sports
 Obama, John Boehner Speeches Crash Congressional Websites | WebProNews  via 
 Tuna Melt! My favorite! ( Jason's Deli) 
  no run today... up too late and off too early!
 RT ESPN NCAAF - Ohio St banned former QB Terrelle Pryor from any contact with school's athletic program for 5 years
 SEO Developments You Need to Know About | WebProNews  via 
 I'm at Baptist Health Medical Center (9601 Interstate 630, Little Rock) 
 Definition of Statistics: The science of producing unreliable facts from reliable figures.  Evan Esar  
 Almost all quality improvement comes via simplification of design, manufacturing... layout, processes, and procedures. Tom Peters 
 Facebook iPad App Preview Leaks Out [PICS]  via  
 Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get. Ray Kroc 
 A leader's job is to look into the future and see the organization not as it is, but as it should be. Jack Welch 
 Google Responds to Google+ Account Suspension Controversy  via  
 Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul.  Thomas Merton 
 I may be a living legend, but that sure don't help when I've got to change a flat tire.  Roy Orbison  
 We are ready for any unforeseen event that may or may not occur.  Dan Quayle  
 Picking up our keynote speaker! ( Little Rock / Adams Field Airport (LIT)) 
 RT  How Facebook Makes Money 
 My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me.  Jim Valvano  
 Build Brands Apple's Way - Harvard Business Review 
 The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell.  Andrew Carnegie  
 Five Tips for Coping with Uncertainty — and Finding Opportunity - Harvard Business Review 
 People who enjoy meetings should not be in charge of anything.  Thomas Sowell  
 News Corp., Netflix, and the Value of Values - Harvard Business Review 
 No matter how carefully U plan your goals they will never B more that pipe dreams unless U pursue them w/gusto.  W. Clement Stone  
 Fake Apple Stores in China Ordered To Close  via 
 Millions saw the apple fall, but Newton was the one who asked why.  Bernard Baruch  
 EXCLUSIVE: Fabio Issues "Challenge" to Old Old Spice Guy Isaiah Mustafa [VIDEO]  via 
 Giving people a little more than they expect is a good way to get back a lot more than you'd expect. Robert Half 
 The One Reason Most Business Blogs Fall Flat  via 
 High expectations are the key to everything.  Sam Walton  
 Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one. Dr. Seuss 
 Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it. E. B. White 
  yeah, I bet he's cranky now... but, it's too late!
  gone but not forgotten. (sigh)
 RT  Google's Big Play on Content Marketing, Influence & SEO | Social Media Explorer 
 Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
 Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten & be considered a good performer. Ted Williams 
 The Online Entrepreneur’s Productivity Toolbox 
  thanks. It's touch and go.
 An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind. Mohandas Gandhi 
 I'm at Baptist Health Medical Center (9601 Interstate 630, Little Rock) 
 14 Ways to Create a Memorable Business Card [PICS]  via  
  enjoyed listening  while traveling from S. 2 central Arkansas. If that singin' thing doesn't work out, maybe DJ
 Okay, I'm gonna fess up, this time of year, I find it easy to get these out of order   -Faith, Family, Football
  nice after-thought mention... you know you loved it here!
  I'm going with 41 days... (old, fat, bald guy schedule!)
 My hope for my children must be that they respond to the still, small voice of God in their own hearts. Andrew Young 
 RT  RT “ -Faith, Family, Football-   
  someone that we weren't previously counting?
 Transfer Your Photos From Facebook To Google+ | WebProNews  via 
   Ty, you need a pair of these pants to go with those shoes!  
 When you focus on being a blessing, God makes sure that you are always blessed in abundance. Joel Osteen 
  I really excited that you're going fishing. I believe you going is key to growing this trip.
 I'm so glad you're going fishing with us. It's going to be a great time. 
 Beware "the Pledge" - Harvard Business Review 
 Oh, I sooooo need a pair of these shoes! Wooooooo Pig Sooooie!!!
  ha! It's funny the difference in perspectives! In S. Arkansas, people still write checks for $5 
  hey, I need you to send me a picture of those shoes! 
 Give me five minutes with a person's checkbook, and I will tell you where their heart is. Billy Graham 
  no problem. I'm throwing down on some white queso right now! If you want us to order your drinks, let me know.
 I'm at Antiguas w/  
  they're seating us now.
  we'll wait on you. Evan has already dumped us for a table full of girls.
  we're getting us a table... but, we're not seated yet.
 Love my pastor... today's sermon was on how Christ's return is like an Oreo cookie!
 15 Beautiful and Creative QR Codes [PICS]  via  
 God's voice is still and quiet and easily buried under an avalanche of clamour. Charles Stanley 
 Why Spotify Will Kill iTunes - Harvard Business Review 
 Rightin' the ship... and praying for Pops! ( Immanuel Baptist Church w/  
 Why I'm Not Going Near Spotify (and Why You Shouldn't Either) - Harvard Business Review 
  ha! I thought float trips were romantic!!! Either way, stay off twitter and pay her some attention!!!
 Courage, not compromise, brings the smile of God's approval. Thomas S. Monson 
 [WARNING] Oslo Bombing Video Is a Facebook Scam, Infecting 1 User Per Second  via  
 Amy Winehouse's Last Performance Caught on YouTube [VIDEO]  via  
  you need to change your profile "I'm really into just being happy... and pulling the wings off flies"!
  no way! I found the pics awesome, but the comments more interesting! (at least one of them!)
  congrats! Are you floating the Spring River?
  thanks for the RTs
  thanks for the RT
 Four things for success: work and pray, think and believe. Norman Vincent Peale 
 Cock your hat - angles are attitudes.  Frank Sinatra  
 Oslo Bombing Video Is a Facebook Scam, Infecting 1 User Per Second [WARNING]  via  
 A coach is someone who can give correction without causing resentment.  John Wooden  
 This Week in Digital & Politics: GOP Edition  via  
 Alimony is like buying hay for a dead horse. Groucho Marx 
 A Collection of Social Media Flowcharts | WebProNews  via 
 Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.  Wayne Dyer 
 RT  They tried to make HER go to rehab but SHE said: 'no, no, no' ♪♫ R.I.P Amy Winehouse...
 A Practical Use For Google+: Home Surveillance | WebProNews  via 
 Always desire to learn something useful.  Sophocles 
 NFL Players Take To Twitter Over CBA | WebProNews  via 
 Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.  William James  
 Google+ Hits 20 Million Visitors, Gender Ratio Begins To Even [STATS]  via  
 A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.  Ayn Rand  
 Google+ Growth Outpaces Twitter, Facebook by Lengths and Bounds | WebProNews  via 
 For every credibility gap there is a gullibility gap.  Richard Cobden 
 Facebook+Wins+Another+Legal+Round+Against+the+Winklevoss+Twins  via 
 A true leader has 2 have a genuine open-door policy so that his people are not afraid 2 approach him for any reason. Harold S. Geneen 
 Norway+Attacks:+Suspect's+Social+Media+Trail+Examined  via 
 Business opportunities are like buses, there's always another one coming.  Richard Branson 
 Constantly choosing the lesser of two evils is still choosing evil. Jerry Garcia 
 Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out.  Anton Chekhov  
 Chester Elton - The Culture Works - The Stay Interview: 
 Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.  Kin Hubbard  
 Chester Elton - The Culture Works - 3 steps to avoid being a Horrible Boss: 
 If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade.  Tom Peters 
  thanks for the 
 Great CEOs are Born, Not Made - Harvard Business Review 
 Good enough never is.  Debbi Fields 
 The Positivity Blog | Increase Your Happiness and Awesomeness 
 Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.  J. P. Morgan 
 Pricing the Priceless - Harvard Business Review 
  thanks for the 
 Don't find fault, find a remedy.  Henry Ford  
 Nobody Has Time for Interns - Harvard Business Review 
 Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.  John D. Rockefeller  
 Google+: The Numbers Driving Its Growth [STATS]  via  
  sign up for Klout and see how we compare! 
  thanks for the 
 Values are critical guides 4 making decisions. When in doubt, they cut through the fog like a beacon in the night. Robert Townsend 
 The Price of (Not) Speaking Truth to Power - Harvard Business Review 
 Start every day off with a smile and get it over with. W. C. Fields 
 I'm at Baptist Health Medical Center (9683-9755 Lile Dr, Little Rock) 
 RT  WISE TIP: As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round. Ben Hogan
 I'm fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in.  George McGovern  
  thank you my friend
 Everything human is pathetic. The secret source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow. There is no humor in heaven.  Mark Twain  
  yeah, thanks for asking. I'm here seeing my Dad. He's had a bit of a rough go with it lately. Cancer sucks.
 I'm at Baptist Health Medical Center (9683-9755 Lile Dr, Little Rock) 
 More Google+ Humor: I’m on G+ | WebProNews  via 
 I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people.  Rodney Dangerfield 
 Salad bar  ( Jason's Deli) 
 How To Build And Use An Email List  via 
 The first principle is that you must not fool yourself and you are the easiest person to fool.  Richard P. Feynman 
 jonathan fields - Strength, Flexibility and Will 
 A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.  Albert Einstein  
 Netflix Fails the Empathy Test - Harvard Business Review 
 A lot of people mistake a short memory for a clear conscience.  Doug Larson 
 Innovators, Meet Your Old Friend: Government Regulation - Harvard Business Review 
 Genius is never understood in its own time.  Bill Watterson 
 This sounds like a bad joke,but it's not... How a Turkish Bank Became the Employer of Choice - Harvard Business Review 
 Donna's Birthday Lunch with the team ( Johnny B's) 
 All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.  Walt Disney 
 Getting Your Customers to Choose You - Harvard Business Review 
 Google+:+The+Numbers+Driving+Its+Growth+[STATS]  via 
 You get the best efforts from others not by lighting a fire beneath them, but by building a fire within. Bob Nelson 
 Saudi Woman To Face Trial for Driving in Medical Emergency [REPORT]  via  
 If men were angels, no government would be necessary.  James Madison  
  you're welcome, now get out there and run!
 Just cause you got the monkey off your back doesn't mean the circus has left town.  George Carlin 
 I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio.  Joan Rivers 
 Will Google+ Maim Twitter? | WebProNews  via 
  did someone reach out to you?
 And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.  Anais Nin 
 7 Things Facebook Should Do To Increase Security [OPINION]  via  
 When you make the sacrifice in marriage, you're sacrificing not to each other but to unity in a relationship.  Joseph Campbell  
 I don't share a lot of video, but check out this AMAZING performance on last night's America's Got Talent - Silhouettes 
 I compared my  with  how does your  compare? 
 Japan/USA Final Brings Out Facebook’s Ugly Side | WebProNews  via 
 A lot of people quit looking for work as soon as they find a job.  Zig Ziglar 
 Facebook Seems Worried About Google+. Should it Be? | WebProNews  via 
 If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten.  Tony Robbins 
 What's Your Favorite Food Truck? [CONTEST]  via  
 You don't learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over. Richard Branson 
 Rupert Murdoch's Pie Incident Prompts Witty Tweets [PICS]  via  
 He who knows best knows how little he knows. Thomas Jefferson 
 Bill+Gates+To+Reinvent+The+Toilet  via 
 Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. Donald Trump 
 Google++iPhone+App+Now+Available  via 
 The greatest management principle in the world is: the things that get rewarded and appreciate get done. Michael LeBoeuf 
 I just gave  +K about social media on  
 I just gave  +K about social marketing on  
 I just gave  +K about blogging on  
  sign up for Klout and see how we compare! 
 None but ourselves can free our minds.  Bob Marley  
 RT  NCAA says coaches can't be on Rivals sites because of recruiting video but will allow Longhorn Network to televise prosp ...
 Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.  Dalai Lama 
 100 YouTube Videos Come Together To Cover Led Zeppelin [VIDEO]  via 
  thank you. It's so good knowing so many are praying for him. I appreciate you guys. Can't wait till I can call you neighbor.
 I must say I find television very educational.The minute somebody turns it on,I go 2 the library & read a good book.  Groucho Marx 
 Facebook Comments: A Game-Changer for Mainstream Media? | WebProNews  via 
 When I sell liquor, it's called bootlegging; when my patrons serve it on Lake Shore Drive, it's called hospitality.  Al Capone 
 Google+ Humor: A Collection of Images | WebProNews  via 
 I think a newspaper should be provocative, stir 'em up, but you can't do that on television. It's just not on.  Rupert Murdoch 
 Communicating Change as Business as Usual - Harvard Business Review 
 The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow.  Rupert Murdoch 
 John Maxwell on Leadership - Leading difficult people: Grandstanding Gary 
 R  badges really worth $25,000 per month X 3month requirement = $75,000 If so, for whom? I can't wait to see the ROI on this one.
  you're welcome.I enjoyed reading it, particularly the part about getting used 2 missed opportunities. Very applicable 2 where we are.
 The buck stops with the guy who signs the checks.  Rupert Murdoch 
 Apple+Product+Design:+35+Years+of+Consumer+Electronics+[INFOGRAPHIC]  via 
 I am amazed that CNN can't get its act together.  Rupert Murdoch 
 The 6 Secrets That Will Bring Focus To Your Social Media  via 
 Rebecca Black’s Follow Up to “Friday” Has Arrived [VIDEO]  via  
  I believe in LBS, I just think, at least for where we are, it's way too early to justify a lavish spend.
  thanks for the RT
 Our reputation is more important than the last hundred million dollars.  Rupert Murdoch 
 I've declared today Rupert Murdoch quote day with several Rupert quotes during today's business hours.
 Borders Will Likely Shut Its Doors This Week  via 
 The 1st respnsblty ofa leader is2 define reality,the last is2 say"Thank you."In between the 2,the leaders must become aservant. Max De Pree
 R  badges really worth $25,000 per month X 3month requirement = $75,000 If so, for whom? I can't wait to see the ROI on this one.
 The worst part of success is to try to find someone who is happy for you.  Bette Midler  
 Influence is like a savings account. The less you use it, the more you've got.  Andrew Young 
 Facebook & NBC Team Up To Host Republican Presidential Debate  via  
 Faith makes all things possible... love makes all things easy.  Dwight L. Moody 
 Mashable Weekend Recap: 29 Stories You May Have Missed  via  
 The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing.  Stephen Covey 
 World Cup Finals: USA Loses to Japan, the Web Reacts [PICS]  via  
 I'm at Fayray's (110 E. Elm Street, El Dorado) 
 It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.  Bill Gates  
 William Shatner Knocked Off of Google+ for Violating Terms | WebProNews  via 
 Business is never so healthy as when, like a chicken, it must do a certain amount of scratching around for what it gets.  Henry Ford 
   I think they stick around for those who earn them, but can only be earned while the company is paying. Is that what you mean?
 Cheap Trick Stage Collapses During Concert | WebProNews  via 
  it prices MOST businesses out of  badge business. I'm missingthe value of the badge. Eagle Scout I get,this I don't!
  it's there... it's just a secret code!
   just announced they are raising the price of "custome badges" for businesses 2 $25,000/month + 3 month committment.
 I find it disheartening that  appears to be "cashing in on hype" rather than helping establish an ROI w/LBS.  Badges = $25,000???
 I'm at Murphy USA Home Offices (422 N Washington, El Dorado) w/ 2 others 
 A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.  Max Lucado 
 World Cup Final: A New Tweets Per Second Record  via  
 Wherever you are - be all there.  Jim Elliot  
 The Future of Work:  Social Media and Your Business Communication Strategy  via 
 Monday morning merchandise meeting ( Murphy Oil Corp w/  
 Choose your love, Love your choice.  Thomas S. Monson 
 RT  The Two Most Deadly Words to Innovation 
 They don't care how much you know until they now how much you care. Theodore Roosevelt 
 People who read the tabloids deserve to be lied to.  Jerry Seinfeld 
 Lower your expectations of earth. This isn't heaven, so don't expect it to be.  Max Lucado  
 Amazon To Launch Tablet By October [REPORT]  via  
 Character is what a man is in the dark.  Dwight L. Moody 
 Are You a Facebook Defector for Google+? [POLL]  via  
 If a person gets his attitude toward money straight, it will help straighten out almost every other area in his life.  Billy Graham 
 46 New Digital Media Resources You May Have Missed  via 
 Okay, now that Women's soccer is over, I feel like I can go ahead & move on 2 college football. Is anyone but me foaming at the mouth? 
 Every problem has n it the seeds of its own solution.If you don't have any problems,you don't get any seeds.  Norman Vincent Peale  
  Sheridan, AR is 16 cents per gallon below the Shell station down the road + use a Walmart card & save ANOTHER 10 cents/gallon!!!
 Abby Wambach is a class act. Great post game interview. She shows us all how to lose with grace.
 Good game. Proud of  
 The Teenage Winners of Google's Global Science Fair [PICS]  via  
 guess who!
 If Jesus were here today, he wouldn't be riding around on a donkey. He'd be taking a plane, he'd be using the media.  Joel Osteen 
  glad I could help you... Because I can't seem to move my own  score!!!
 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 Breaks Box Office Records  via 
 RT “ USA!”
 Best of luck Team USA! 
  thanks for the RT Marla.
 Choose your friends with caution; plan your future with purpose, and frame your life with faith.  Thomas S. Monson 
 Reaching 200 Million Accounts: Twitter's Explosive Growth [INFOGRAPHIC]  via 
 The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.  John C. Maxwell  
 Facebook Blocks Google+ Ad From User | WebProNews  via 
 I'm at Baptist Health Medical Center (9683-9755 Lile Dr, Little Rock) 
 God's voice is still and quiet and easily buried under an avalanche of clamour.  Charles Stanley 
 Are You Sure You’re Not Getting More Twitter Traffic Than You Realize? | WebProNews  via 
  ha! I'll let him know!
 A teardrop on earth summons the King of heaven. Charles R. Swindoll 
 What's better? Dogs or broomsticks? I mean will the world really ever know?  Larry Bird 
 Damn referees, I'll miss them less than anybody.  Abe Lemons 
 RT  Using Social Media in Your Business Communication Strategy 
  you should meet my brother-n-law... He's a beer snob like you. Check out the fridge in his garage.
 Football is like life-it requires perseverance,self-denial,hard work,sacrifice,dedication & respect for authority.  Vince Lombardi  
 See it BEFORE it becomes viral - DJ Kittens Are Cute, Better Than Me | WebProNews  via 
 Visiting w/Pops. ( Baptist Health Medical Center) 
  they come in all sizes.
  elves come in all sizes. Who left you the authority on elf sizes???
 No one has ever drowned in sweat.  Lou Holtz 
 Mapping Netflix Location Favorites | WebProNews  via 
 A champion needs a motivation above and beyond winning.  Pat Riley 
 Report: Facebook CPCs Up 22% for the Quarter | WebProNews  via 
 I'll put you through hell, but at the end of it all we'll be champions.  Bear Bryant 
 Jerry Seinfeld Joins Twitter  via 
  well, I do try and do things incredibly well!
 If God had wanted man to play soccer, he wouldn't have given us arms.  Mike Ditka  
 Is Google Affecting Our Memory? | WebProNews  via 
 My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me.  Jim Valvano  
  :)
  thanks for your business!
  definitely not a gaggle... but, maybe a clan... just short of a mob!
  the Duggers need a bus... at least they're all together! (looming for the bright side of a tribe!)
  a fleet is probably more realistic... because aren't they all over the country!
 Android App Displays Brain Waves Via Wireless Headband [VIDEO]  via 
   Antonio Cromartie needs a school bus then... Or maybe a couple! Ha!
 Don't measure yourself by what you have accomplished, but by what you should have accomplished with your ability.  John Wooden 
 Dear  password does NOT need 2 have at least 1 number,my password does NOT need 2 have at least 1 upper case letter.UR A GAME!
 The Rise of Mobile In-App Ads [INFOGRAPHIC]  via 
 Not everything that is faced can be changed. But nothing can be changed until it is faced. James Baldwin 
 Being noticed can be a burden. Jesus got himself crucified because he got himself noticed. So I disappear a lot.  Bob Dylan 
 Never have more children than you have car windows.  Erma Bombeck  
 Spotify Gets Sean Parker’s Approval…In a Big Way | WebProNews  via 
 Another trip to the Purple Cow!  ( Purple Cow) 
 The day I made that statement,about inventing the internet,I was tired becuz I'd been up all night inventing the Camcorder. Al Gore 
 39 Things You Should Know About Google+ | WebProNews  via 
 Checking on my Pops! ( Baptist Hospital) 
 Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.  Don Marquis 
 How to Remove Circle Counts in Google+ | WebProNews  via 
 RT “ Oden off team.”
 RT  Anthony Oden has been dismissed from the Arkansas Football team per UA release following arrest last Saturday.
 A house is not a home unless it contains food and fire for the mind as well as the body.  Benjamin Franklin 
 RT  Waiting For Your Balls To Land 
 Most of what we call management consists of making it difficult for people to get their work done.  Peter Drucker 
 RT  Does Google+ Show Us How Anti-Social We Can Be? 
 It is not the employer who pays the wages. Employers only handle the money. It is the customer who pays the wages.  Henry Ford  
 1 in 10 Pets Have a Social Networking Profile [STUDY]  via  
 If you want to know why your people are not performing well, step up to the mirror and take a peek. Ken Blanchard 
 Sorry, Lady Gaga: Rihanna Is Now the Most Popular Woman on Facebook  via  
 Control your own destiny or someone else will.  Jack Welch 
 Google+ Users Are Nearly All Male  via  
 One of the true tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency. Arnold H. Glasgow 
 Celebrity Couple Names Newborn Baby "Bing"  via  
 O Lord, help me to be pure, but not yet.  Saint Augustine 
 As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it.  Buddy Hackett 
