 RT  107 Reasons Why architects matter | Life of an Architect 
 RT   won't give up on "us" when the going gets tough.
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 3d rendering 
 Historic corner in Rock Hill may get a gas station  such a travesty
 Here is the final version of the Architectural Rendering 
 My newest artistic rendering 
 RT  A 15 year old girl with terminal cancer has a bucket list and one of her wishes is to trend on Twitter... Please RT  ...
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
   maximum toe cleavage, next big thing?
  Hi James, how is everything going in the dental design world?
 Steve Jobs: How to live before you die  via  :inspirational Video
  I just sent you an email on facebook
  I am thinking about starting a new design/build company any suggestions?
  and you have came along way since 1996 - good for you
  how can I leverage the power of social media for my small business?
   why do you think small business doesn't use Social Media More?
 Can anyone give me tips on winterizing my home? 
 Good morning, so far so go
  I like your sketches - it makes me wanna sketch more. Keep up the good work. :)
 RT  Life is too short, so kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive quickly. (via FB  
 Breaking News: Mom makes $379/day Working at Home! See how she did it! - Limited positions available. promo -
 Asiarooms.com is offering amazing specials on Hotels in Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia, Japan and China. spon -
 Good Morning - What a great day
 RT  About Design          ...
 RT  Stovetop of the future [video] - Holy Kaw! 
 Empire State Building Getting New Neighbor - Cincinnati News Story - WLWT Cincinnati  via 
 RT  Hope comes as surely as the dawn.  It can be entirely counted upon, yet remains breathtaking.
  Gypsies deported from France
 Bad lighting=Bad design  via 
 RT  Analysis: Social agenda true hurdle to housing finance reform  
 6 Fascinating Underground Homes That Go Above and Beyond 
 Finding the Motivation to Exercise | Fitness4Her 
  All Apple (AAPL) Products Lines are Humming Along - Analyst
 Good Morning
 webster groves house addition I designed 
 Here is a 3d version of the addition  
 Hi twitter, I am looking to book lodging in London, any suggestions?
 half inch size hail in Maryville, il
 Congratulations to all the new Graduates entering the work force. Now you can work about 2 1/2 months of the year to pay taxes.
 The Main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing
 Someone should write a new american folk song like this oldie but goodie 
  How are you? long time no tweet... I hope all is well.
   in re: opening a bar - I suggest: washington ave, soulard or the landing... what did you have in mind?
 Edwardsville student immediately after the student made the statement, he told the teacher he was just joking. 
 Edwardsville, IL student was arrested and will be charged with Felony Disorderly Conduct, Making a Bomb Threat. 
 I need to concentrate not so much on what needs to be changed in the world as on what needs to be changed in me and in my attitudes.
 Acceptance is the answer to all my problems today...
 RT  RT  single mom builds straw bale house in  for $50K:  
 RT  Best and worst part of being an Architect: We get to make it all up!
 Through rhythmic movements of the body, the pulsations of the soul take physical form. Anthony Lawlor 
 Dancing vibrates the power of music deep into our bones.  Anthony Lawlor 
 RT  The aim of argument, or of discussion, should not be victory, but progress. ~Joseph Joubert 
 Just finished a new Best Western in Alton, IL starting on a Staybridge Suites in Arkansas
  superglue can be removed with fingernail polish remover
 "In that vast no-man's-land separating 'The Real' from 'The Ideal' lie many opportunities for enlightenment." Barbara Rubin
  Come Check out the new location Caffe' Avanti 217 E. Vandalia Edwardsville, IL 
 RT  RT  ➽"ATTITUDE is the difference between an ordeal... & an A D V E N T U R E" ~unk 
 RT  Take the leap and risk the fall. If it is what you want, it is worth it all.
 The next time that your travels take you to Wisconsin, be sure and stay at the Cambria Suites in Madison. 
  - I don't think the schools want anyone to know what actually goes on in schools
  Can I get digital versions of my son's books and have them available on kindle or the  
   I wonder if my son's high school would allow an apple  with digital versions of all his books?
 I am not sure educational accommodations are helping him in the classroom.
 Any suggestions for IEP for a freshman in high school? I am also asking for all the reading materials for the year over the summer.
 dealing with my son's high school iep (individual educational plan) - I am asking for a recording device in the classroom- no was the answer
  stock price is down $1.95 good time to buy? 
 field measuring with infa red on the  from  just point and shoot - right now the possibilities are endless - lol
 Sketching on the  from  think of the possibilities
 Drawing on the  from  would be nice to have 3d cad capabilities maybe asking too much
 Building Worlds Tallest Skyscraper - Interactive Features - Portfolio.com:  via 
 to accept the moment which allows judgment to become discernment; to defer to silence when my tongue would rush to attack or defend.
 to let flow a cooling breeze when I would respond with heat; to interrupt fierceness with gentle peace;
  Beautiful, Fay Jones was a student of Frank L. Wright - don't cha know.
  what's your top 5?
   Fay Jones is another favorite, how many favorites can I have? 
  my favorite commercial architect is Henry Hobson Richardson 
 Man's greatest architectural achievements are those that blend in perfectly with the natural environment... ✮✮✮✮✮✮✮✮
 ✮A fundamental contradiction is evident in examinations of the forms and structures of contemporary American commerce in its urban context✮
 ✮✮Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ♥♥✮✮Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ♥♥✮✮Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ♥♥✮✮Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ♥♥✮✮Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ♥♥✮✮Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ♥♥✮✮Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ♥♥
 Environs Architects is now on facebook 
 "We shape our buildings and afterwards our buildings shape us." Winston Churchill
 "Environmental Designers should be, above all, placemakers" Bernd Foerster, FAIA   
  guessing jamaica
 Why don't we build bridges and roads for struggling countries instead of use our military to force them to become a democracy?
 Why is twitter so addicting?
  please follow  thanks so much
 Check out the  list! Here post designs so people can critique them
 What do you think about a critique list where architects submit designs and the public comments on the design? anyone interested?
 I'm designing a new child care center and need inspiration - does anyone have any suggestions on the exterior appearance?
 Caffe Avanti to open February 1 in Edwardsville 
 I'm designing a daycare center today
 roll tide!!
  >>>>OOPS ...
 so if a person is insane, does he realize it? If you are insane do you really care?
  chin up - remember the golden rule - give expecting nothing thereof
 Work, work, work, I wish I didn't have to work for a living.
  yes, you will have virginia's in the afterlife - lol
 
 Newly redesigned website >> environsap.com
 RT  You know, of course, that the Tasmanians, who never committed adultery, are now extinct.  - are you thinking the same as I  ...
  your tweets made me laugh out loud
