  booooo
 Hey fellow  peeps. Here is your weather forecast for the week:   . I hope you brought your jorts. 
 That's wrong,  Your voicemail still says "Scott from Collide Magazine." Way to stir up those emotions in me.
   don't even get me started ;)
  you should check the local hospitals and look for amnesia victims. i saw that episode once. :)
  hahahahahahahha *deep breath* hahahahah ;) best tweet of the month
 “ Understanding 'Christian fundamentalist' label for Norway terror suspect
  good perspective, Meghan. Never let someone else affect your joy
    I believe that is called Echo Eve. Scott Claus visits us with design and media gear
  I have a tune you could borrow
 Really excited about my book for today.   
  ride like the wind!
   get ready. It rocked us. Grass fed beef all the way now.
  okay faith preacher ;)
  brag tweeter ;)
 Hi. My name is Aaron. I am a public radio geek. So sue me.
  what do I win for getting an "I Love GaryMo" tattoo?
  are you just now hearing that news?
  wait...there are allstars in the wnba???
  i betcha i know who's behind it ;)
 New post at YouCanSend.Us: Germany Needs 1.1 
  www.cheaplights.com
 I think many can't sing "my chains are gone" because they aren't living truly free. Embrace your freedom in Christ, and live in it!
  tell NJ hello for me :) missing ya nyia!
  not even with an ABC logo on back? :)
 Join the cool kids & I as we attend Week 4 of  Summer School. Don't forget your homework! 
  you should have gone all Gandalf on them..."You shall not pass!"
  we can just seem to be the Christians who are happy to say "that's what you get"
    I just still don't know why he had "Juicy" printed on the back of them
  remind you of Rusty Greer at all?
 I totally can believe it's not butter.
  very interesting docu
  excited for you, bro!!!
  maybe there will be an AG tea party. They are going rogue :)
  what is being stirred up?
  I prefer 
  you stay out of this, buddy
  okay! Will do
  then u are familiar with the curse of the goat?
  so sad...they haven't won anything in a long, long time. Just start rooting for the Rangers, right?
  cubbies? Oh Alexa...so sad
 Please pray for Norway, a peaceful country experiencing a tragedy right now. Help them, Father.
  puff puff pass? ;)
 I love having  on the team, even if his awesome skills make me look bad. 
  ENTP
  what's up, chad?
  you consistently ruin my life, pete :)
  wait
 Why does God's plan always have to be the easiest one, the path of least resistance? That's not the Gospel one bit.
  sometimes we attribute every "closed door with God's plan, but that isn't alway true. Sometimes he wants us 2 bust through
 The whole "God opens/shuts doors" concept isn't always that easy. Sometimes a "closed" door is a chance to bust it down. Enjoy resistance!
  worse...much worse
   Chad!!!
   one of my favs as well!!
 Feels good to be home. This day started at 3am in Minnesota.
  maybe you are the crankiest passenger ;)
  its true :) be careful
 If you are flying today, watch out- today is "be the crankiest airport worker in the world" day. Everybody wins!
 Personal reminder of the night: we can only build 1 kingdom- ours or God's. Whose are you building?
  dude- would totally love that! But we are headed home tomoro :( quick trip for fam reunion. I'll be back in fall though!
 One of my favorite parts of Wisconsin: the radio station that plays All Phil Collins, All the Time. Nothing beats that :)
  whatever you do, do not drink the whole thing in one setting. I repeat, do not.
  so glad you are here, bro
 My family reunion wouldn't be complete without a massive water fight. That just happened.
  you're awesome- thx Scott!
 Be jealous. Be very jealous.  
  hey dude! You have time over next few weeks/months for me to buy u coffee & talk with u about my mission? www.youcansend.us
  Micah = chaos!!!
  dang! So good...and challenging
 All I do is win.  
 Made it on! Woo hoo! By the skin of our teeth. Now on to see  and family!
 Pray we get on this flight...Luke and I are flying standby :)
  hah! Sweeeeeeeet!
  it is still super cheap for what you get. Worth every dollar. We are all just a bunch of whiners :)
   watch out for those bugs in your back yard tho- they might carry you away ;)
   don't be sad. It's a wonderful site
  lets hug
  I'm looking forward to meeting you, Pastor Jason. Thanks so much for the time
  join the crowd :)
  loves to plank  
 I love live worship CDs. Only thing I could do w/out is the obligatory "whoop" from the crowd n quiet moments. Every crowd has at least 1 :)
  i do. it's impressive.
 I had to come face to face with my weakness before I could grab hold of Christ's strength...and it changed me.  
 We are really moving to Germany so my son can hide out from the cops  
  you coming to echo?
   hah! Watch out for Weaver, Bill. :)
  dang. i wish you would have told me that last week. :)
 Sitting on a bench in Germany last fall, I felt the most fear I've felt in my life. I knew that I couldn't do this. 
 My friend  has written an awesome book about creativity & faith and is looking for help. Check it! 
  they are probably amazed by the number of their coworkers on twitter ;)
  built in audio is poor. It has 1/8" input jack, so I attach a tascam dr-100 for great audio
  it's T2i, and it's not bad - I have one and use it for video all the time. get good lenses and you'll be good
  that's awesome!
 Forget water boarding or a bed of nails. Stepping on a Matchbox car in the dark is the worst form of torture that exists.
  thx bro! How are u guys doing?
  holy cow that's amazing!
  dude, that would be great. our site is www.youcansend.us, but DM me your email and i'll send you more. thx bro!would love that
  it's going good, bro. miss seeing ya. thx about germany - we are excited! i need to make a trip to Arkansas soon.
 I had a weekend filled with talking to people about Germany. It's one of my favorite things right now. www.youcansend.us
  hello, brandon. remember me? your long lost roommate? :)
  well, that I do. But act like a complete dork, I do not...unless you ask my wife
 Cheesiest character on TV is Horatio Caine on CSI: Miami, followed only by The Fonz.
 Since there seems to be some confusion, I'm on the left. :)  
  touché
 Here's a picture of me from sometime in the early 90s. I've seen better days.  
  i love Switzerland! Enjoy!
  nice! Welcome to Dallas!
  thank you...but a little soon, don't u think? :)
 Tacos!!! 
  pics please!
  iPad
   wasn't much to begin with :)
   Rijken is just a cultural gypsy. No real place to call home ;)
  exactly! :)
 Congrats to Jeter, a real classy guy on 3000 hits. Now lets move on and get back to baseball :)
 Remember this weekend Pastors, even Jesus didn't broadcast every miracle he performed. Some things are better left unsaid.
  what new career? Astronaut? Stock broker? Cowboy? ...Red Sox fan? ;)
  you wish!
  ole buddy, ole pal
  miss me yet?
  if you feel tempted to try one of those machines on yourself, try to refrain....they hurt :)
  I think the "bug" is media shout :)
  alright then :) can you pimp my family's mission to Berlin, Germany? www.youcansend.us // trying to move soon...
  must be a cold front. Brrrrr!
  kill it, son!
 My friend Dennis always said: "There are two types of people in this world: those who get it, and those who don't."
 When searching for German bibles on eBay, all I find are relics and antiques, much like faith in Europe. Help them! www.youcansend.us
 Really? For real?
 New post at YouCanSend.Us: Our new photo! 
  drunk tweeting again, Delkus? :)
 Holy cow. This is my new favorite thing:  // please watch:   thx 
  good seeing ya today, bro. It's always fun to hang with the Mankin team
 "Do whatever you want..." in Wife language means "You better do what you know I want you to do...or else." Learn that now, newlyweds! ;)
 So thrilled to be working alongside  ,one of my best friends.  will be so much better with him here.
  bearded lady gets you 1000 points
  yeah!!!!!!!
   thieving thievery
  thx man! I'd love to come talk to your students about it!
  sweet! Knock em dead, bro!
 "Jesus doesn't fix everything. He just makes our death purposeful."
  something by Celine Dion
 RT  Obituary for the American Church:  
  boom!
  looks amazing- can't wait to see it
  that great bro! Where are ya building?
  thx bro! Snowcones in our future, hopefully!
  thx Anthony! Probably early 2012. I'm open to come to your church to talk about it :)
 Read how  changed my life...and is helping me move to Germany 
  hey dave! your help in getting us our of debt has helped us  become missionaries to Germany! 
 How  changed my life and helped us move to Germany to do missions work     cc: 
 New post at YouCanSend.Us: Moving to Germany (Part 4) 
  you missed em then ;)
  were her thumbs that weird in person?
  nice! what are ya doing in Frisco, and how long are ya here?
  let me know how that is, jeff! I'm dying to take my son
  that short grill makes you look 50 feet tall! Giant!!
  Richardson Bike Mart is good, and a few others further south. What size bike?
  you wanna be a black man? me too.
  wait...no Tejano in Germany??? Nooooooooo!!!
 It's so hot...milk was a bad choice
 Sometimes when I'm channel surfing on the radio, I find myself stuck on the Tejano station just absolutely mesmerized.
  is that a sleeveless v-neck? ;)
  dude! U have a huge case of DVS! You need more cowbell! 
   let's make it happen, fellas. Ben knows a great place to dance and eat sushi
   a Hatori Hanso sword?
  please do. Even sleep in it
 The Oldies station sounds way better in the summer.
  happy birthday bro!!!
  wrestling?...or words with friends? ;) one is cooler than the other. I'll let you decide.
  or the "____ and 45 others changed their profile pictures." Who cares?!
  I love that!!
  pics please ;)
  pee'd or peed? Which is the correct usage of that word? Pisseth?
  hah! he's who the Most Interesting Man in the World aspires to be!
  yep!
  I just invited you to myspace
 While everybody is fighting for a Google+ invite, can someone just please send me a dang free AOL disk? I'm still waiting!
  not that I'm asking YOU to, but the lost people should :) just to clarify
  buy me dinner?
  thx friend
  aaronalexander1 at gmail if u have any more
  i have your BOB at church
  you've been talking about that for forever! Just do it! what's the hold-up already? ;)
 Sad that I missed the Media unConference today at DTS :( 
  he really is, dude. super cool, calm, and ready to rock ;)
  he did a great job- picked it up faster than I did...the little punk! :)
  i guess.....if that makes you feel better about yourself ;)
 This is my buddy Rily, an incoming 6th grader, running lights on a Martin M1 for VBS   
  that's amazing, bro. I'm loving that album
  can i come over and watch tv with you guys?
  did he break/dislocate/discombobulate anything?
  can we somehow develop a AAAA program? :)  Worth another shot at the Bigs?
  none of them can hold a stick at Javier. He's the bomb
 I hate that feeling when you know you have to sneeze, but it takes 12-15 seconds for it to actually happen. You always look crazy!
 Why yes, Mr. Technology Salesman, I'd love to give you precious time for you to try & sell me something I'm positive I don't need or want.
  rebuttal denied
  Josh Garrels - at Noisetrade.com
  definitely praying for you...standing with ya kenny! let us know if we can do anything
  infidel!
 I'd like to place my vote with the first 3 tracks of U2's "Joshua Tree" as the best 3 song start to any album in history. Any rebuttals?
  and that's any different than a normal day how?  ;)
  haha!
  how is his gun collection coming? Did he pick up the assault rifle? :)
  you'll probably change your mind on that soon :)
  hey - remember when we recorded our debut album "Jesus was a Gangsta"??
  got the lights working - had to flip breaker to reset them. were locked up with a weird error. all good now! thx bro!
  that's awesome bro! Where do you guys go to camp?
   for real! it looked great!
  thanks vato! :)
  don't cut the green wire! Never cut the green wire...
  i've totally missed this game. what the HECK is going on? recap?? 
  great idea! SO good!
 Will you join the  team as we head to Berlin, Germany? We are looking for people who can pray  -  
 Will you join the  team as we head to Berlin, Germany? We are looking for people who can pray 
  now that's a good game too. I also like to play "Spot the Christian" - it's so easy ;)
  have you been to Pizza King, Jucy's or Bodacious yet?
  if you ever see a bearded woman, you're supposed to yell "Beardy!" real loud. It's a game
  or Univision - one of those
  I'm watching telemundo ;) I'm sure u have that down there!
  breaded or bearded? Cuz its a totally different mental image
 Gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaal!!!!!
  you look so scared
 Felt so good to be back at  tonight.
 Does anybody else's  app for iPhone look this terrible after the latest update?  
  go to the Galaxy Drive In down in Ennis
  not a problem- nobody's fault bro. We will connect via Skype, in Europe in 2012, or if u visit Texas
 RT  Gotta love those 1st Century Christians: "As for us, there’s no question—we can’t keep quiet about what we’ve seen and  ...
  To kill a mockingbird
  yup- for real
  did you damage the truck? :)
  hey Jeff!
  what a bummer...
  did you get dysentery or cholera?
  yup
 Since he will be changing his name to "World Peace" later this year, I will be taking his name & calling myself "Ron Artest."You're welcome.
  heresy!
 A huge thank you to  and  for letting us stay in your house while at School of Missions. We love you guys!
  I love that!
    don't be messin' with Texas now, boys. We got a posse ;)
 “ Getting ready to see my friend  be commissioned as a Missionary There is hope for others if they allow him :)”
  oh lawd
  we talked about ya...but no hug ;)
  tomoro night
  James is sitting 2 rows ahead of me as we listen to Jim Bradford talk in CBC chapel
 Missing my  family today. Ready to get home and 
  Jesus take the wheeeeel!
  *hand raised high*
  have you thought about missions? ;)
  consider your words marked
  not it!
  only one way to find out...
  pick your poison ;)
  get ya some Mighty Putty! :)
 Remember: our God has no equal. He has no opposite. He is greater, and HAS overcome!
 RT  The Bible is not primarily to be read for how it fits into my life story, but for how my life can fit into The Mission  ...
  they have to work in children's ministry for a month :)
  we are going to Germany! the need is VERY great!
  dude! Don't be swayed- stick with tacos! Cmon! Don't be a sissy!
  haha!
  make sure it hates humidity. And loves liberty. And Jesus.
  let me know whatcha think!
 Any of my friends download Final Cut Pro X yet? Thoughts?
 Why are we surprised when "team" wins? Individualism can succeed, but teamwork always wins. Together is better.
  chipotle.com?
   go with an all camo wardrobe. U can always match mossy oak
  welcome unto the light
  its Family Matters! Urkel- right?
  crap! The one with urkel?
  full house, sucka! I miss me some kimmy kimler
  dead sexy!
 RT  Mac Rumors: Apple Announces Final Cut Pro X, Motion 5, and Compressor 4 Available Today 
  I drank whole milk
 RT  excited to be joining the team  in July // welcome to the team! One of my best friends!
  if you ever show up! Geez!
  run away! Run away!!
  the logic kills me! :)
  but get out of the road! Get to where the truck can't get you!!!
 When people are being chased down by a truck in the movies, why do they *always* run down the middle of the road?
  it helped the movie make sense. Then it's just another "kill the alien" movie, which are a dime a dozen
  no, probably not this trip
  what kind of ending did u want?
 "Super 8" is one of the best movies I've seen in a really long time. Two thumbs up!
  thanks nyia!
  heresy!
  my wife wants to hurt me every other day bc I don't tell her a message or news :)
  I'm not sure if your husband told ya, but Hannah Dimond wanted me to tell you guys hello!
  yay Twinkies!
  are u serious!
  wish u were here bro
  when do u make it into Springfield?
  :) just put on Eagle Eye blu-ray. I'll warm up the couch for ya
  all this week. At CBC for PFO.
  whoooaaaaaaa! Yay!
  I'll give you $5 if you talk to her in person
  don't u think  is a little old for you, conz? ;)
 Missing my  family tonight and tomorrow. Thankful for friends who fill in for me while I'm at School of Missions.
  I used to go I walmart for fun during college. I'm totally one of them
  just rednecks i think
  aw man! Wish we were there!
  for real! The Stampers should practice too, for when they come visit :)
  haha! Okay gotcha :)
  check out  - local, from Denton. Won awards at SXSW
  or a romcom. We will be rich
  I'll start a blog about you blogging about movies
  which "Charles Taylor" is that? I'm assuming *not* the African dictator?
 You know you are typing odd words when autocorrect tries to give you "plunge velvet." Stinking German vocab!
  hah! I won't even tweet what I'm thinking :)
  yes! So funny!!!
 "Wipeout" is easily the best game show in the history of television. Funniest stuff in the world.
  yessir! I'm at CBC tomoro and all next week. Let's make it happen
  I'm here until next Friday- would love to see ya
  you in springfield?
  hah- sorry :) I misunderstood ya
  acts 1:8
  you're missing the point. Not all are evangelists, but we are all called to be witnesses of what we have seen, and to share
 "We are not all called to be evangelists, but we are all called to be witnesses."
  that's the Beverly Hills Ninja!
  that means you are doing something right. Keep it up. U inspire me - I have my own mountains: www.youcansend.us
  that tweet offends me
   hah!
 Just so everyone knows,  and I love each other. He just likes the Heat...we can forgive him for that. :)
  1 too many!
  I told u he was a thug :) probation revoked. But...he has a ring now ;)
 In Romania, almost 70% of all pregnancies end in abortion. Europe needs hope!
  u got it buddy
   v. Always v.
  praying for you guys, ben. Praying for beauty and peace within the chaos
   hah! Absolutely. Is love to talk NFL, MLB, and NBA after the last year- good stuff!
  ;) once u guaranteed a Heat victory, u opened up the flood gates :)
   still like each other? We never claimed to like each other... ;)
  they will fit in just nicely in there with  ego...and his championship rings. Oh, wait. :)
 Completely wiped after only the first full day of missions training. But loved making new friends also serving in Europe.
   another good lesson in this is that faithfulness is rewarded. Nothing comes easy. That'll preach
  nah, he quit in the 4th quarter, much like  ;)
   haha *cough,cough" did u hear me coughing?
  just with you ;)
  even king David prayed for his enemies to be defeated and rejoiced when they were defeated. Let's keep it biblical dude :)
   speaking of owners, ours was classy tonight...showed respect and honor well
  Mavereich...
  hah! Just own it, buddy ;)
 Atta boy, Big German. Making me proud :) I'll catch ya in Deutschland next year. Mavs!
 I swear they let Deshawn Stevenson out on work release to play in the playoffs.
  I don't remember bringing you into this :) hah! Stevenson is on work-release. Got outta prison last week
  I seem to remember you guaranteeing a Heat trophy ceremony on June 9. What happened to that?
  there are 2 of you :)
  enlighten me how I was uneducated and misrepresented your argument :)
  get riled up, buddy! I love it :)
  I'm not sure what a  is. Is that a Lebron thing? That should have been a "LeSocialMediaFaure"
 My friend  says that how the Heat act is okay bc its at least in the open, not hidden like the Mavs. Say what??? :)
  that's homer talk of I've ever heard it ;) denial, my friend, denial :) the whole world sees it except heat fans. So sad :)
  talking trash&doing what dWade and Lebron did is way different, and u know it. I guess we are known by the company we keep :)
  champs...or chumps? Are you proud of who your two "stars" are? Aren't you ashamed of them yet? :)
  ...i think there is another term for that, but it's completely inappropriate
  yup. And how much I despise the Heat now. I'm cool with the  Yanks. Only room for 1 team in the "Hate Club" ;)
  time to give you some respect. The Yankees are so very classy, especially compared to the Heat. I no longer despise the Yanks :)
  do u still like the Heat as much as u did before? Or have you realized how big of punks they are?
  our friend  let me out for a weekend and I got to visit u guys today. Really enjoyed it, tommy
 Really proud of the team at  Disaster strikes tech while I'm gone and they handled it like professionals. Way to go!
  you're in the matrix!
  total number of turkeys in your house: 3
  it really hurts today, doesn't it?
  I got stinking everything but bread. I'm an idiot :)
  what are these things u call, "friends?"
 “ "no one likes a grown man that pees his pants"   // so true! :)
 Found in  bathroom. He is a stronger man than I... 
  great choice
  blown up? They do it to themselves...remember "The Decision"? Don't feel sorry for them
  relax. :)
  I put your Steeler jerseys down for him to potty on if that's ok ;)
  going great. Yeah luke and tank went exploring 2 hours ago. Should be home any minute now :)
  missing ya, bro! Wish u were here!
   oh lord!
   I call fraud! Photoshop alert!!!
 Wait. The NBA Finals are in Miami, Florida??? Stink.
  Miami is nowhere near Kansas :)
 In Miami for Game 6! Let's go Mavs!  
  are u in Germany?
  nice!  is working tonight
  Applebees and then a chick flick? ;)
  can't wait to see you too! Bummed  is gone- I was gonna wear my Packers jersey ;)
  great article...until he sings JVG's praises. Crazy
  that's awesome! Will be a fun trip
 Headed to Springfield, Missouri for two weeks of missions training/orientation with  Excited to be around friends!
   I wish it was BBQ
 Has anybody heard from  today? He seems *mighty* quiet. Hmmmm....LeDavid.
   come on over- we will party ;)
 I've got Mavs fever, and the only prescription is a championship....and cowbell!
   that sounds familiar...kinda like LeBron not showing up after the 3rd quarter
  u watching lion king too?
  Dosh Hamvitzki!
  yup!
  dirk can. Says me.
  shave that head, son
  says who?
 And to think Dirk played with a broken leg, shingles, and Ebola! Wow! My hero!
  you are there?! Hug Dirk for me! And maybe a little butt squeeze
  I think ol  needs to find the clippers
  bc they are losing or bc they are punks?
 “ Rooting against the Miami Heat is delightful. Everyone should try it.”
 Where is the Mute Van Gundy app on iTunes? He is a joke! 
  amen!
  hey bryan! What's the best email to reach you at?
  yessir. U?
  booooo
 Hey fellow  peeps. Here is your weather forecast for the week:   . I hope you brought your jorts. 
 That's wrong,  Your voicemail still says "Scott from Collide Magazine." Way to stir up those emotions in me.
   don't even get me started ;)
  you should check the local hospitals and look for amnesia victims. i saw that episode once. :)
  hahahahahahahha *deep breath* hahahahah ;) best tweet of the month
 “ Understanding 'Christian fundamentalist' label for Norway terror suspect
  good perspective, Meghan. Never let someone else affect your joy
    I believe that is called Echo Eve. Scott Claus visits us with design and media gear
  I have a tune you could borrow
 Really excited about my book for today.   
  ride like the wind!
   get ready. It rocked us. Grass fed beef all the way now.
  okay faith preacher ;)
  brag tweeter ;)
 Hi. My name is Aaron. I am a public radio geek. So sue me.
  what do I win for getting an "I Love GaryMo" tattoo?
  i will be! It's just down the road from me. Let's connect tonight or tomorrow! Would love to meet ya
 Hey  peeps! You really owe it to yourself to go buy  book in the Echo store. It'll impact ya greatly. Do it!
   enjoyed it, friends. Next time it's in Cali, right? :)
  maybe  will let us buy SuperMac soon ;)
  amen!
  hey bryan! What's the best email to reach you at?
  yessir. U?
  booooo
 Hey fellow  peeps. Here is your weather forecast for the week:   . I hope you brought your jorts. 
 That's wrong,  Your voicemail still says "Scott from Collide Magazine." Way to stir up those emotions in me.
   don't even get me started ;)
  you should check the local hospitals and look for amnesia victims. i saw that episode once. :)
  hahahahahahahha *deep breath* hahahahah ;) best tweet of the month
 “ Understanding 'Christian fundamentalist' label for Norway terror suspect
  good perspective, Meghan. Never let someone else affect your joy
    I believe that is called Echo Eve. Scott Claus visits us with design and media gear
  I have a tune you could borrow
 Really excited about my book for today.   
  ride like the wind!
   get ready. It rocked us. Grass fed beef all the way now.
