 MULTIPLE CAREER OPPORTUNITIES: Looking for a career in Events? Check out our latest job postings available at 
 CAREER OPP: Associate Director, Recruitment & Human Resources. To apply, please submit cover letter & resume as one to: 
 CAREER OPP: Prospect Development Specialist. To apply for this postion, please submit cover letter & resume as one to: 
 CAREER OPP: Senior Director of Development, Alumni Association. To apply, please submit a cover letter & resume at: 
 CAREER OPP: Gift & Records Specialist
 Development Career Chat: 6/9/11 in MI League  5:30 P.M. Register  Find more info  
 Development Career Chat: 6/9/11 in MI League  5:30 P.M. Register  Find more info  
 Development Career Chat:  6/9/11 in MI League  P.M. 
 CAREER OPP: Annual Giving & Alumni Relations Officer, School of Educ. To apply, submit cover letter, resume as 1 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: Major Gift Officer, School of Education
 The U-M Regents just announced Alfred Taubman’s latest gift of $56 million for the Taubman Medical Research Institute: 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: Senior Writer, Marketing & Annual Giving
 CAREER OPP: Director of Development & External Relations (Kinesiology)  Submit cover letter and resume as one to 
 CAREER OPP: Director of Gift Planning, Office of University Development submit cover letter and resume as one doc  
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: Development Research Analyst (Senior)Please submit your cover letter and resume as one document at 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: Chief Development Officer 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: Administrative Specialist 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: Director of Major Gifts, Law School
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: Associate Director, Marketing & Annual GivingTo apply, please visit 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: Art Director, Marketing & Annual Giving 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: Executive Director, Leadership Gifts
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: Associate Director, Development Research Visit  to apply!
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: Manager of Annual Programs and Alumni Relations, School of Music, Theatre & Dance  Visit  to apply!
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: Regional Director of Major Gifts, Western States Region
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: Apply today! Manager, Data & Prospect Analytics for UM Athletics Department 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: Office of University Development looking for Business Systems Analyst To apply--> www.umjobs.org
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: UM seeks new Director of Development at Museum of Art (UMMA)  To apply--> www.umjobs.org
 Four new positions posted - check them out! 
 Career Chat - 10/27/10 - Register now to learn more about the development community at U-M! 
 UM staff member on leaving her professional swimming career to work in development 
 U-M Grad Tracy Ginsberg (LSA '93) & Theodore Lillie present interactive installation HOME at ArtPrize. More info:
 Wolverines learn importance of contributions on 1st campus tour. Colleges see new students as potential donors: 
 Learn more about U-M's North Quad Residential & Academic Complex from UM Planner Sue Gott in this video: 
 U-M makes Chronicle best workplaces honor roll! 
 CNN’s Money.com names Ann Arbor among "America's 100 Best Small Cities": 
 Meet U-M students at home and abroad making the most of donor-funded scholarships. Join the conversation on their blog:  
 Check out Jefferson Porter's blog on how we're "Building Relationships with Michigan Alumni" in China. 
 Check out the D-SIP blog.  Journey with our interns and U-M program alums as philanthropy shapes their lives and careers: 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: The Office of University Development seeks a Senior Writer in Communications and Donor Relations. 
 AROUND TOWN: A review and pictures of this year's Taste of Ann Arbor: 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: The Office of University Development is seeking an Associate Director of Major Gifts: 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: The Office of University Development is seeking an Senior Applications Programmer Analyst: 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: The Office of University Development is seeking an Associate Director of Gift Planning: 
 Michigan economy beginning to recover:  (via 
 Getting your nonprofit ready to Facebook:  (via 
 AROUND CAMPUS: A video of the Peony garden in the Arboretum: 
 How to talk with donors about bequests:  (via 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: The Office of University Development seeks a Director of Stewardship Programs: 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: The Office of University Development seeks an Associate Director of Gift Planning. 
 RT  In case you missed it, Bloomberg Launches $22m Fund to Support Start-ups | Social Enterprise  
 The  looks at how  has impacted MI, including "enhanc[ing] the 'cool factor' of downtown Ann Arbor." 
 RT   warms up crowd for Michelle Obama at WSU 
 Designs for the  and skate decks from 50+ artists are on display at the Ann Arbor Art Center: 
 Local blogger describes an outing to the outstanding Washtenaw Dairy, a must-visit for anyone in the area: 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: The Office of University Development seeks a Director of Stewardship Programs: 
 The AATA hires architect for new transit center:  (via 
 Congrats  on the blog redesign. It looks really great! Check it out here: 
 The Ford Foundation to invest $200M for urban growth, including the Woodward Ave rail project in Detroit.  (via 
 Is it time for an email newsletter audit?  (via 
 Eight tips for a successful social media cause campaign:  (via 
  hopes the North Campus Research Complex will accelerate entrepreneurial transition:  (via 
 The rise of evidence-based grantmaking:  (via 
 Recent grad  explains why Ann Arbor is "the greatest city in the nation" 
 AROUND CAMPUS: Groundbreaking ceremony on Monday for  ’s $23.2 million Basketball Player Development Center: 
 AROUND CAMPUS:  senior advisor Valerie Jarrett spoke at the  commencement.  (via 
 AROUND TOWN: Alton Brown and the  crew spotted giving Zingerman's Roadhouse chef Alex Young an award. 
 A date night in Detroit, or: why we should be proud of Detroit:  (via 
 A picture from the first Wednesday market in Ann Arbor: 
  Prof. David Brophy talks about investing in Michigan's future:  (via 
 How non--profits are using social media for real results.  (via 
 Mobile giving attracts and frustrates non-profits.  (via 
 The Commute Meets Cloud Experiment: How  and  partnered to bring cloud computing to cars.  (via 
 Rating Twitter's new social good initiative:  (via 
 RT  Ann Arbor near top of Forbes magazine's list of America's Most Livable Cities.  (via  
 Amazing pictures (including a panorama of the entire staduim) and a personal account of commencement:  (via 
  graduates say they'll take President  's message forward:  (via  
 RT   Pres  challenges U-M graduates: “How will you keep our democracy going?”  
 8 ideas for non-profits thinking about using FourSquare: 
  and  working on cloud connectivity for vehicles. 
 Are you ready for commencement tomorrow? Click here for all of the details:  
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: The Office of University Development seeks a Computer Systems Consultant  for Gift & Records Admin. 
 How UPenn worked to improve West Philly: Lessons for Detroit.  (
  and  working on cloud connectivity for vehicles. 
 AROUND CAMPUS: A profile of this year's commencement student speaker.  (via 
  students share what they want Pres.  to say at commencement:  (via 
 Millennials "are more motivated to give and volunteer as a result of personal engagement and human connections."  
 Updates on the proposed Fuller Road Station:  (via 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: The Office of University Development is seeking a Data and Administrative Assistant. 
 67 recommended philanthropy speakers:  (via 
 AROUND TOWN: Building a more sustainable Ann Arbor: 
 Why croudsourcing is good for giving:  (via   
 The real cost of free technology for non-profits:  (via 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: The School of Education and Human Services is seeking a Major Gifts Officer. 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: The Office of University Development is seeking a Program Ass't for Philanthropic Education&Outreach 
 As non-profits are counting on volunteers more and more, the value of their time increases.  (via 
 Making donations that focus on long-term need: 
 U-M Med School to receive its largest NIH grant ever, $63 MM, to help fund large-scale oncology clinical trials: 
 Come see U-M's musical theater department's production of Ragtime this weekend at the Power center: 
 Congrats to  on their spectacular conference this weekend. More info:  ; website 
 Five ways charity events can harness the power of social media:  (via 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: The Department of Family Medicine is seeking a Marketing Communications Specialist. 
 RT  CMF NewsWire:  Support For Detroit Internet Project Helps Spark $3M In Federal Funding. 
 Five interesting ideas to help non-profits: 
  economists predict Michigan's economy will improve in 2011. 
 RT  USA Today blog notes the upcoming Saving Philanthropy documentary: 
 Why all foundations should promote increased internet access.  (via 
 RT  Quixote Foundation is spending everything while we are here-using the entire endowment.  
 Dr. James Hansen, director of the Goddard Institute and prof at Columbia, discusses climate change. TODAY at 4 in Blau Auditorium. via 
 AROUND TOWN: A PhotoDiary of a trip down the Huron River.  (via 
 AROUND TOWN:  Art & Design lecturer shows off his new public art installations for the Huron River. 
  Global 2010 raises more than $450,000 for  Worldwide.  (via 
 How non-profits can use geolocation services:  (via 
 Battery startup Sakti3, founded by a  prof, begins to expand research and manufacturing capabilities. 
 A call to end "Vote for Me" contests for non-profits.  (via 
 AROUND TOWN: A tour of the most beautiful place in Washtenaw County.  (via 
 Join Global Pulse 2010 and help "create innovative solutions to the most pressing social issues of our time."  
 Finding value in FourSquare.  (via 
 RT  In case you missed it: Do Charities Have a Home on Foursquare? 
 Young entrepreneurs who have decided to build their business in SE Michigan: 
 Congrats to  for another successful Dance Marathon, raising $425,762.48!  (via 
 VIDEO:  's plans for Earth Day this year.  (via 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: The Department of Family Medicine is seeking a Marketing Communications Specialist. 
 How the traditional model of fundraising may be out of sync with the times:  (via 
 RT  Google Fest on the Diag 11:55 AM TODAY to support Google efforts to bring Fiber to A2!  (
 Social media tools can boost event fundraising.  (via 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: The Department of Kinesiology is seeking an Assistant Director of Development. 
 RT  Health care reform panel to speak in the Ford School at 4 PM today. 
 Why  is so "sticky."  (via 
 4 ways non-profits can use Google Buzz  (via 
 Facebook co-founder Chris Hughes starts Jumo, a social network for people who are "chang[ing] the world."  (via 
 Five ideas for effective non-profit web design.  (via 
 The Ann Arbor City Council voted unanimously to approve a resolution urging Google to bring Google Fiber to AA.  
 AROUND CAMPUS: "Cross-Pollination of Inspiration" with graphic artist Marian Bantjes. TODAY at 5 in the Michigan Theater. 
 VIDEO: CNBC on Obama's Nobel Prize earnings and overhead expense ratios. (via  
 AROUND CAMPUS: Ford School 3rd Annual Gramlich Showcase of Student Work. Today from 4-6 in Weill Hall. 
 AA city council to vote on Google Fiber resolution, cell phone ban, and single stream recycling.   
 Join  for the "Energy for the Future" conference. Tomorrow from 7am-3:30pm at the BorgWarner Auditorium. 
 How forging partnerships has helped the YWCA grow: 
 RT  Fundraising: Company Offers Free Fund-Raising Consultations 
  will head to  headquarters, asking to bring Google Fiber to Michigan.  (
 RT  Ann Arbor was named the  college sports town by Forbes magazine. 
 County offers up to $400K for the   (via 
  is offering 500 reward points for every hour of volutneer work.  (via  
 10 ideas for making the ask. 
 Be sure to check out "The Eye of the Beholder" at  before it closes on Sunday! 
 Congratulations to Christopher Peterson, 2010 Golden Apple Award winner.  (via 
 Warren Buffet shares his philanthropic philosophy.  (via 
 RT  White House panel outlines plan to tighten rules for religious groups that get federal money: 
 STUDY: Wealthy donors, despite feeling an "obligation to give back," may give less due to recession.  (via 
 Charities spend millions on census outreach  (via 
  Thanks for the clarification, and sorry about the confusion!
 AROUND CAMPUS: Join U-M law Prof. Sara Gosman as she discusses women in enviromental law. TODAY at noon in 100 Hutchins Hall.
 AROUND CAMPUS: Come listen to Jefferson Han talk about the Future of Multi-Touch Sensing TONIGHT at 6:30 in 2104 of the Art & Arch building.
 You must "enlist a social media army" for your non-profit's social media strategy to be effective. (via  
 Chris Savage of  reviews the "Nano, Micro, Macro - A Matter of Scale" art show at U-M's Duderstadt Center. 
 Analyzing the value of special events for fundraising.  (via 
 The Institutional Imperitive, and how it impacts nonprofits.  (via 
 STUDY:  are stereotyped as "incompetent." Why is this? What can we do to change this?  (via 
 Haiti marks a 'turning point' for text-giving.  (via 
 Become a fan of the University of Michigan Philanthropy Network on Facebook: 
 Why non-profits should keep their technology up to date, despite the costs.  (via 
  Of course! We're excited about the possibilities of  Fiber in A2! It would make A2 an ever greater place to live and work!
 The city of Ann Arbor and  are teaming up to bring  fiber to Ann Arbor.  
 The Ghost Army Exhibit opens today in the Hatcher Graduate Library, the first public exhibit about these brave men. 
 More controversy surrounding the Pepsi Refresh contest.  (via  
 RT  Some good news to start your week. Surveys show majority of charities expect to step up hiring in 2010: 
 Ten tips for successful Twitter fundraising (via  
 The top 6 reasons to love Ann Arbor. Why do you love Ann Arbor?  (via 
 Pepsi Refresh: Learning From Mistakes and Level Playing Fields (via 
 The 6th Annual Faculty Exhibition for the school of Art&Design closes today. Be sure to check out the great artwork! 
 How non-profits should think about the internet:  (via 
 Despite no federal grant, the Ann Arbor-Howell commuter train is still moving forward 
 Mobile matters. The question isn't if, but how should you use mobile technology for your non-profit. 
 Social innovation fund finalizes guidelines:  (via 
 AROUND TOWN: Discussions of a new Ann Arbor District Library are underway  (via 
 How to write pitches with punch:  (via 
 Giving expected to be flat this year:  (via 
 The U-M Regents recently approved the Central Campus transit center, continuing their committment to quality transit 
  No problem! We look forward to seeing your application.
 JOB OPENING: We're looking for a new Administrative Assistant. If you know of anyone good, let us know! 
 U-M researchers find link between smoking and HPV recurrence.  (via 
 U-M announces Green Energy Prize winners, continuing our committment to a greener future. 
 Warm vs. Competent: why  are losing the messaging war.  (via  
 U-M Engineers ( develop a new artificial foot that makes it easier for amputees to walk. 
 A look at the proposed Fuller Road Station:  (via 
 JOB OPENING: We're looking for a new Development Research Associate. Tweet at us if you know of anyone good! 
 Look at the great things our interns do! Check out D-SIP intern  in the Michigan  
 RT  5 Tips for Creating Non-Profit Online Communities  (via  & 
 The Clements Library exhibit "Reframing the Color Line" closes on Friday. Be sure to check it out while you can! 
 JOB OPENING: We're looking for a new Asst Dir for Annual Giving in the Ross School. Tweet at us if you know of anyone! 
 VIDEO: U-M President Coleman shares her optimistic view of the economic future for talent-filled Michigan: 
 Microlending to help in   (via 
 How sabbaticals can improve non-profit CEO's tenure and boost their confidence.  (via 
 President Obama to deliver U-M spring commencement address and receive Honorary Doctor of Laws Degree on May 1: 
 The (no longer) Secret Society for Creative  proving small donations can make a difference.  (via 
   prompts fresh talk of pooling US  money.  (via 
 Become a fan of the University of Michigan Philanthropy Network on Facebook! 
 RT  Why text messaging is shaking up the nonprofit world: 
 Innovation and effectiveness in philanthropy  (via  
 UPDATED: Ten tips for fundraising success. 
 Analysis of the actual social impact of the  contest. 
 Non-profits: the true engine of job creation, according to REDF. 
 AROUND TOWN: Main Street named one of American Planning Association's Greatest Places in America. 
 Nonprofit social media strategy: How to balance social media with the rest of your responsibilites. 
 "How can your organization embrace SMS?" 
  Thanks for the RT!
 INFOGRAPHIC: Where we volunteer.  (via 
 U-M donor gifts enhance the beauty of our campus. See the difference you’ve made in our slideshow: 
 Why we're in the age of the Citizen Philanthropist:  (via 
 A peek at the philanthropist's playbook: what major gift donors are looking for. 
 Learn about exciting U-M events planned for Peace Corps 50th Anniversary, share your story and help celebrate!  
 AROUND TOWN: Recycling in the Ann Arbor community. 
 What are non-profit CEOs worth? Forbes seems to think quite a lot. What are your thoughts? 
