 Awesome Screenshot: Capture & Annotate (Google Chrome Extension) takes full page screenshots that you can crop & annotate 
 Microsoft Tag website has a clean new look - 
 My childhood vs. Your Childhood - 
 Picture of a guy planking on the 405 during Carmageddon - 
 Ha super funny. Channel 101 on TWC LA is devoted to current 405 traffic conditions. Watch-traffic will be fine. 
 10 Consumer Behavior Secrets to Grow Your Sales - 
 HOW TO: Establish Business Credit - 
 RT  Did you wear a  shirt in an important photo? Graduation, at Grand Canyon, while skydiving? Submit to win tickets to ...
 How Mobile Tech Is Being Used to Fight Carmageddon - 
 Love gorillas in gorilla costumes? Check out these LA monkeys & leave a vote/comment - they're our friends! www.bit.ly/BananasforNIVEA 
 Beautifully animated gifs about the beer-making process - 
 Wow that's nuts.  Who's on Google+?  Find me at acerreta and put me in a circle!
 Smart Places Simplifies Facebook Check-ins for Android - 
 The Complete Video Guide To Google+   
 10 Tips to Boost Your Marketing Results with Video (direct link to download pdf) - 
 If you've tried the steps above and are still having trouble you might want to try to contact yahoo! customer service... 
 Why Mark Zuckerberg’s First Public Response To Google+ Is The Right One (by Former MySpace Pres./Founder Tom Anderson) 
 Startups Must Patch Their Holes — 4 Skill Sets To Help Do Just That - 
 Big List of CRM Software - CRM VENDORS - 
 INFOGRAPHIC: Why We Follow Brands On Facebook - 
 Save Our Inboxes! Adopt the Email Charter! 
 Ha don't you hate it when people sit right in front of you on the beach? 
 At the beach!  
 Coolest ceiling fan ever ( Cafe Collage w/ 3 others) [pic]: 
 Google is in talks to buy Hulu - 
 A chocolate lovers dream! 
 Just downloaded 100 awesome marketing charts from  Get yours here: 
 News Corp Lets Go — MySpace Gets Purchased by Specific Media for $35 million - 
 I'm at 7-Eleven (1519 Bundy Dr., Ohio, Los Angeles) 
 Classical figures carved out of Oreos - 
 Vizualize.Me is launching soon and I'm one of the first in line! Join me.   via 
 Giant Hot Wheels Sculpture modeled after Los Angeles - 
 Bike Love - 
 Undercover cops in LA are getting too easy to spot :P  (mwuahaha jk)
 Crazy cat woman body paint at IMATS - LA 
 Check out Ferbs Cosmetics tattoo cover up  www.FerbsCosmetics.com ( IMATS LA w/ 10 others) [pic]: 
 I'm at Floyd's 99 Barbershop (12200 Venice Blvd., at Grand View, Los Angeles) 
 Some help creating a facebook fan gate or locked landing page in an iframe - 
 Parker Lets Your iPhone or Android Find Available Parking Spaces - 
 ICANN Approves New Top-Level Domains, So Prepare For .Whatever - 
 How mobile phones are changing social media   
 A motorcycle with a backseat - 
 Honey-breaded orange-bourbon chicken w/  grilled - 
 Honey-breaded orange-bourbon chicken strips with midwest spices (pre-grill)  
 It's time to abandon our passwords - 
 RockMelt is a new facebook browser available for download - 
 What if rival brands joined forces?  Here's what their new logo might look like - 
 What would you do if you came outside and a tree fell on your car .. like my neighbors (bummer) 
 How to decide the maximum CPC for your product/service - 
 Why Groupon Is Poised For Collapse - 
 Why Groupon Is Poised For Collapse - 
 RT  500+ Free PSD Graphics for Web Designers 
 5 Reasons Why Social Media Marketing Is All About Internal Relationships - 
 Top 10 Animated Google Doodles [VIDEOS] - 
 Amazon vs. Best Buy Trade In Shoot Out ... "Nobody wants  your used tv" - 
 Cngratulations Dallas Mavericks and the 2011 NBA Champions.  You've won the heart of one Cleveland fan.
 Listening to PoE playing on the radio :) ( Firehouse American Eatery + Lounge) 
 Extended 53-Hour Closure of I-405 Freeway Between U.S. 101 & I-10 in Mid-July for Mulholland Bridge Demolition - 
 25 Free Stock Photo Sites - 
 Check this video out -- Fabricio Werdum hype video: Strikeforce Heavyweight Grandprix  via 
 How To Freak People Out On Facebook - 
 Google Calendar Gets Appointment Slots - 
 6 Easy Ways To Reward Your Twitter Followers - 
 Advanced Attribution for Optimized Advertising Model (webinar)... Rev from First-Touch / Rev from Last-Touch = Appropriate Attribution Ratio
 64 Facebook posting tips - 
 read the white paper, “Facebook For Social SEO: Best Practices To Drive Organic Search Performance With Facebook.”  
 Social Media Experts Now Outnumber iPhone Owners? 
 Back to the Future  in Santa Monica 
 Just curious, what % of companies do you think have a seal?
 For every $10 increase in crude oil price, gas prices rise $0.25 and remove $25 billion from the US economy -   :( 
 Social Media sites as interpreted by Bob Ross (comic) - 
 Awesome & creative photography using potholes - 
 foil pan art - your meatloaf never looked so hot   
 Buying fruit by the boxful in Santa Barbara, CA. All these oranges and grapefruits for $14 
 Email marketing design checklist -   
 night by night ... ♫ 
 Twitter Acquires TweetDeck  via 
 Maverick Flying Car at Oshkosh     Amazing story and innovative creation!
 Wow, if it wasn't apparent through the 4 game straight sweep of the lakers, Dirk Nowitzki and the dallas mavs are crazy good.
 I know it's a long shot, but anyone know of any campsites still available in Southern Cal area?? :)
 In the year 2032 Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie had a mission ...  
 My dad just told me I'm the best accident he could have ever imagined happening. :)
 Hot Off the Press: The Guide to Blogger Outreach from  - Download Your Copy Now 
 Beautifully animated photographs - 
 $100 Free Google Adwords Advertising Credit! 
 I'm at City Tavern (9739 Culver Blvd, Culver City) 
  making the trip out to Redbull Soapbox Derby now - hope to see you and Jazz there!
  My pleasure - great mix! Girlfriend loves it too.  What do you recommend we check out next?
 Watch out for the giant lego trap  the left turn of the RedBull Soap Box Derby in downtown LA - its a doozy 
 Setting up shop at Pershing Square in downtown Los Angeles for the RedBull Soap Box Derby tomorrow - 
 Giant legos at the LA Red Bull Soap Box Derby set up 
 Music Friday Download the Hoodie Allen mix-tape free for the all-new, all-pop era (hip-pop?) 
 I'm a Cleveland fan but Brandon Phillips' is still a cool dude. 
 Friskies Introduces iPad Games for Your Cat. Genius.  
 How Marketers and Businesses Can Start Using Facebook Places - 
 Google Engage & Adwords seminar at the Penthouse. :) ( Andaz Hotel w/ 2 others) [pic]: 
 Anonymous or Transparent: Which Side Are You On?   
 8 Gmail Labs Features To Boost Your Productivity- 
 Security Breach: Here’s How Expired Domains Expose You To Embarrassment (And Theft)  via 
 Employees With Flex Time Put in More Hours : Discovery News 
 The milk after Honey Nut Cheerios is so good. They should bottle it and call it Honey Nut Milk for a nutritious breakfast on the go
 3D Colorful Tattoo : Dedicated to Parents - 
 Simpson's episode makes fun of their own spelling mistakes ... with class, and chalk - 
 Now there's one place that you can go to see nothing but supercuts of the best parts of movies - 
 Where to buy a fishing license in Los Angeles County - 
 17 People Who Were Fired For Using Facebook - 
 Couldn't we all use a few extra gifs in our life? 
 It's the end of computers as we know it - 
 Places without access to food - 
 Chat Roulette vs. Cute Roulette -   (are you kidding me? :P )
 Is mobile becoming so mainstream it's "dead"? - 
 The influence of facebook on top news sites -  
 Get to work!  Desktop "distraction eliminator" eliminates online distractions by forcing you to solve a puzzle first. 
 Check out this Magnetic "POP" display that looks like a Tron Identity Disk & floats the can in the middle  
 Calculating CPM vs CPC (Great for Facebook CPM ads!) To determine maximum CPM = CPC * CTR * 1000 - 
 Google Doodle Honors 76th Birthday of 'Mr. Men' Author Roger Hargreaves  via 
 David Lynch created his own coffee line & produced this barbie head video. Over 58k views/mos seems like a good idea! 
 .  's club life podcast 212 is a great mix - 
 Control cat ears with your brain. "necomimi"claims its a new comm. tool that augments human's body & ability.  
 Google Just Leaked Their +1 Chrome Extension On National Television  via 
 TechCrunch Interview: Marissa Mayer Reveals The Two Pillars Of Google’s Local Strategy -  via 
 I'm at Digital Hollywood Spring 2011 (Marina del Rey) w/ 4 others 
 Want to print from anywhere from "the cloud"?  Check out the google print cloud faq's 
  Sadly, I agree.  It's a marketer's advantage and disadvantage at the same time.
  Sadly, I agree.  It's a marketer's advantage and disadvantage at the same time.
 Nice to attend a classy poolside digital conference on a gorgeous day.  Its hard for a geek to get outdoors sometimes :)
 Facebook confirmed to sources that it plans to prevent administrators from disabling comments on Brand Pages. 
 12 uncomfortably sexual company logos. - 
 RT  Ultimate NES System (modified NES console) plays Nintendo games AND arcade games 
 Stay tuned for the launch of my new agency, Cheap Ketchup!  via   ;P
 The Worst Royal Wedding Souvenirs -  
 Ha!  A truck hit a water pipe in the matrixx parking garage and set off the fire alarm with water everywhere 
 NYU student looking to raise awareness about the chemicals in deodorant spreads awareness through pirate warning labels 
 Hmm, are you sure?  The same info resides on  
 Listening to 'A Deep Dive into the New Google Analytics' webinar over Sasha's 'Never Say Never' Ibiza Mix.   :) 
 Want to hear a joke about a broken pencil? 
 Scan the barcode of the item using the Scan It! app on an iPhone to see if a coupon or other offer is available 
 Email Game app turns blowing through your emails fun by rewarding points for deleting, filing, & responding to emails 
 PageFreezer can capture & preserve social media & blog activity, meeting the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority 
 Logins, passwords, credit cards and even security questions have been hacked on the Sony network.  
 Four Questions With  - Enchantment, Influence, and Marketing to the Rest of Us  
 RT  Bar Aurora & Boteco Ferraz - Would you let a drunk valet drive your car? (2011)  
 become a social media expert by taking a pill - 
 YouTube Video of the Day: Woman Makes Origami Crane With Her Tongue  via  
 Portland's win over Dallas was an awesome comeback!
 RT  41 Absolutely Stunning Landscape Photography 
 They should teach proper list building in college. It's in almost every profession and surprisingly many people leave out valuable info.
 Spending a lazy saturday spring cleaning the laptop & flipping through the Bulls/Pacers and Dodgers/Cubs games
 Volkswagen's The Force Ad Lampooned by Thor -  
 How To Measure Facebook Page Engagement - 
 Taco Bell Demands an Apology After Beef Lawsuit Dropped 
 10 Excellent Examples of Guerrilla Marketing Campaigns   
 Meet Foursquare's Newest Competitor: Visa - 
 A Complete Look At How Social Games Increase Brand Awareness (By Up To 550%) - 
 This printer is now named Bob Marley because it's always jammin' -   via 
 Time is killing me slowly. 
 Editing and Proofreading Marks - 
 Only 25% of mobile publishers sell more than half of their inventory -    
 Digital Coupons Outperform Print Coupons But Cost More [REPORT]  
 Most Marketers Plan to Increase Social Media Spend This Year - 
 Click Around & Buy Things in Devo’s Interactive Video -  
 iPod, I am your father. 
 RT  Obama Says White House Tech Is 30 Years Behind:    The president is getting frustrated with antiquated technolog...  ...
 50 reasons not to date a graphic designer (and other reasons why they suck) 
 great online brand game experience for chocolate - 
 10 Social Media Promises: Can Your Company Keep Them? - 
 Is the 8 hour work day a thing of the past?  Let’s Bring the American Work Day Back Under Control - 
 How to build fans on Facebook -  (the person who left tip  seems like a cool guy ;)
 Wonderfully Creepy Sculptures Carved From Bananas - 
 Could This Email To Paul Ceglia Cost Mark Zuckerberg 50% Of Facebook?  
 The Infographic of Infographics, an infographic about infographics -  :P
 Do Not Add Me: Report Says Teachers and Students Should Not Connect on Facebook - 
 Reppler continuously tracks and monitors users’ social-networking reputations. 
 (The few) Lessons We Can Learn From Lady Gaga 
 3 Reasons Why Marketers Resist Specialization - 
 Drugs, Milk, and Money: Three Ways to Do Social Media in Regulated Industries - 
 RIP Flip Video Camera - 
 Chicks With Steve Buscemeyes - 
 The dangers of a "do-not-track" legislation and what it would mean for marketing - 
 Can I get on your list?  puts your friends in Google. But not in a creepy way.  via 
 Get a FREE subscription to  - The Indisputable Leading Print Magazine on Web Business
 Mickey Mouse accepts breakdancing challenge from a kid. - 
 4 Secrets To Hiring A Facebook Developer Who Will Succeed - 
 3 in 10 Americans Drink Weekly - 
 "The youth of our nation are the clearest mirror of our performance." - Robert F. Kennedy
 RT  3 Ways Facebook Questions Can Help Your Brand  
 Hey  why don't you sell jeans Sir Mix-a-Lot style?
 Ha Check this video out -- Why God sends rain to Mexico but not the Middle East  via 
 Excited to ride in CicLAvia tomorrow.  Are you going  ?
 Lol check out this Puff Daddy throwback   Is that Versace? 
 After a couple drinks the Modelo label kinda reminds me of either  or Bozo the Clown - 
 Beerfest 2011 
 Beerfest!  (1 hour in) 
 Reputation is a currency a man can't afford to lose.  
 What Would the Music Industry Look Like if Napster Never Existed?  
 Fans at Safeco Field in Seattle is allowing you to tweet  to order a beer without leaving your seat.  
 The 16 Worst Failed Computers of All Time - 
 FBI Releases Notorious B.I.G Murder Documents - 
 Happy Birthday Internet - The "internet" first launched on April 7th, 1969 by Steve Crocker of UCLA -   
 What does the new Sunny D logo look like to you?  (h/t  )
 Where do you fit in on this map? 
 Do you have trouble with Bed Bugs?  Well then I have an over-priced conference for you -  (Imagine the conversations...)
 10 Crazy Things People Say Right Before They Realize They’re Completely Addicted to Facebook - 
 9 in 10 Marketers Use Facebook; Twitter, LinkedIn Also Popular - 
 First Official Facebook Phone, INQ Cloud Touch, Debuts - 
 7 Things You Should Never Share On Facebook -  
 midifighter diy kit: DJ adds video arcade game buttons to his midi controller -  (h/t  )
 Ten things that pretty much every creative person should know, but doesn't - 
 listening to "passion pit - smile upon me" ♫ 
 if the chance remained 2 see those better days Id cut the cannons down. My ears are blown to bits from all the r... ♫ 
 101 Tattoo Facts 
 My 2 movies/5 disc TRON dvd set arrived in the mail today ironically shipped from my hometown, Massillon OH - 
 Funny picture of what most people experience when installing a new program - 
 Our plant is starting to sprout! 
 Gorilla Digital Street Art by MNK 
 Top 50 Websites for Web Designers - 
  of the  party lounge in Las Vegas -    
 Download Free Slideshare report on the dramatic impact technology has had on consumer behavior - 
 Watch a video of a tiny giraffe from the Direct TV promo running around - 
 Checking out FlickSquare.me : posting 4sq photos to Flickr  via 
 Are Empty Subways The New Double Rainbows?  -     
 RT  Abandoned Cart Marketing      
 Positivity and Optimism the Norm in "Thriving" U.S. States -  (I'm still rooting for you Ohio)
 Google Bids $900 Million for 6,000 Telecommunications Patents - 
 Another Corporate Blogging Tip: Replace Blog Comments with a Real Call to Action - 
 Four Ways to Use Your Corporate Blog as a PR Tool-  & Corporate Blogging Tip: Use Your “More” Tag- 
 How Social Media Could Change Product Recalls - 
 USC Kinect geeks makes Google's April Fool's Day joke, Gmail Motion, a reality.   
 Email Data Breach Affects Credit-Card Issuers, Best Buy, TiVo, More  via 
 I'm at Best Buy (10799 Washington Blvd, at Overland, Culver City) 
 I just unlocked the "Superstar" badge on  
 Spring cleaning day 2 - we've been cleaning allll weekend. No bien but will be worth it in the summer!
 My new fave - super hip cafe seated in the middle of a trendy art gallery. Electronica music, modern art & movie theme inspired menus.
 Like Winning?  We know what you Sheen. 
 Offline Therapy - Planting seeds with  so we can watch something pretty grow. 
 Our Choice: The Funniest April Fools' Jokes  via  
 Google's  prank - 
 Go team! Press release to what mostly  but also  & myself have been working hard on all wk/mos. 
 Does this sound familiar?     
 Getting ready for Easter?  Today's Best Gourmet Chocolate Brands - 
 Socialize Keynote: 7 Actions That Brands Should Take To Monetize Social Media - 
 Facebook Profiles Can Now Convert Into Pages - 
 5 Clever Facebook April Fools’ Jokes - 
 New CK billboard makes people wonder "is calvin klein effing with us again?" (I don't see it) 
 Inbside Deadmau5 helmet hands-on. Really cool how he can see through a camera inside the helmet.   via 
 SF Startup Crowdsources Your Family Video Editing Needs [Updated] - 
 Anyone use Venmo yet, which is like a Paypal for friends with no transaction fees? Sounds cool & curious to hear more 
 Safety Maps lets you make & print online maps for the coming local apocalypse that's threatening your neighborhood. 
 I'm at Brennan's (4089 Lincoln Blvd, Marina Del Rey) 
 I'm at The Counter - Marina del Rey (4786 Admiralty Way, at Fiji Way, Marina del Rey) w/ 2 others 
 Bellyflops: Jelly Belly's clever strategy to remarket & sell their screw ups. 
 People's reactions to opera the first time they see it is very dramatic; they either love it or they hate it. If (cont) 
 A “colorful” and quip presentation about social media - 
 20 User Review Websites Critical to Small Business - 
 Learn Best Times to Send Emails, Publish Blog Posts and Tweet in The Science of Timing Webinar:  
 Awesome  of a Gorilla and a Shark in an epic high-five.  "Nice".  
 In Amazon’s Android Appstore, Fat-Fingering Will Cost You — Literally  via 
 I want to live in this house - A Day Made of Glass... Made possible by Corning. 
 RT  Take a ride in the VW Polo   
 The New Facebook Profile Shot - Zoolander's  
 The Father of Mac OS X Is Leaving Apple - 
 Help homeless people by providing a home for a homeless banner (& watch the "cool" banner evolve with time & clicks). 
 2 Year Old Baby Works iPad Perfectly.  via  
 A 20 Minute Plan to Efficiently Tackle Your To-Do List - 
 Montblanc takes the email spam we've all seen and turns it into direct-mail marketing gold -  
 Funny  -> If Web Browsers Were Celebrities   (H/T  )
 listening to "Hot Mess (feat. La Roux) - Chromeo HQ" ♫ 
 How the New AT&T-Mobile Is Probably Going to Screw You Hardcore -  
 Check out Google Chrome's latest tweak to their icon.  Do you like it? 
 Facebook’s search patent – bringing the social giant into the search market? 
 listening to "Help I& Alive - Metric" ♫ 
 Who are you dabble?  
 Men's Health finds the most socially networked cities in America - 
 Get out of bad dates, impress your friends, and prank your enemies with the Fake-A-Call app - 
 16 Rad Retro Gaming Accessories for Your Home or Office -    
 3D gaming in your web browser without plugins right around the corner.  & see a demo at  
 "Before I die I want to..." Interactive Street Art campaign takes place on the side of an abandoned house -  
 7 Key Tools and Resources for Mobile Marketing - 
 T.E.A.M. = Together Everyone Achieves More
 Did you know the "Necco" in Necco candy company stands for "New England Confectionary Company" - 
 OSU played awesome basketball today. Lighty couldn't miss & the team set some crazy record like 16 three-point shots in a tourney game.
 The burger, fries, tuna salad sandwich, hot chocolate or applie pie and ice cream ... it's all worth it. 
 Interesting weekly event in LA every week Mon-Fri from 3/21-4/13 Subvertisements: Using Famous Ads and Logos as Protest 
 64 really great tips and ideas for posting content on facebook pages.    - 
 What Would Mario and Luigi Be Like In Real Life? -  
 St. Patrick's day "photo-shoot" with the resident Leprechaun - 
 Every remixed version of this song is unique. ♫ 
 Facebook Asks Developers Not To Use Google AdSense - 
 Taste-testing a new concept candy for one of the brands we work with.  Tastes a lot like frosting but I like it. :)
 Do you think this picture of Yoshi and Mario was really created in excel? 
 Case study: Facebook ads cost less, but perform better than display - 
 Watch Pre-Season Major League Baseball Live On Facebook - 
 Why Senators Want Control Over Online Privacy - 
 What is going on in this sculpture!?    (H/T  for the find)
 Want to scan & decode a QR Code online without using a QR Code reader or cell phone? Check out 
 Japan Nuclear Situation "Out of Control" -  (via  )
 Facebook Brands Statistics: Our beloved Dippin' Dots is  -   (Great job  :)
 YouTube's Premium-Content Strategy Starts to Take Shape (works out to a prod. fee of about $4k per min at the high end) 
 Satellite Photos of Japan, Before and After the Quake and Tsunami.  Move the slider to compare satellite images - 
 5 Unforgettable Art Projects That Use Twitter - 
 6 Ways Small Businesses Can Band Together for Better Results - 
 Facebook Expands Tagging To Include Comments - 
 Facebook May Expand Deals To Compete With Groupon - 
 Popular fonts from brands you love - 
 Are Brands  Because of Charlie Sheen? 
 We should have some future campaigns coming up under different brands. 
  Yea I agree, I've seen more and more interest adaptation has been slowww
 Looking for a QR code reader for a hard to find phone?  Check here - 
 WEBINAR 3/23: Mobile: A New Challenge, A New Opportunity w  &     
 SXSW 2011 — The Top 5 Interactive Parties to Attend - 
 Retail Offerings on Facebook Up 60% - 
 Google overtakes RIM Blackberry - 
 From Check-In To Check Out: There’s Money In Location - 
 Research slides from a recent Scanlife QR Code webinar: Understanding Mobile Barcodes - 
 CHECKING OUT THE Rolling Stone restaurant now open for lunch at Hollywood & Highland. Cool vibe, good food & great staff recomendations.
 RIM Planning To Release  Messenger For  and  - 
 Riding in the Google Car That Drives Itself -    
 How To Use Yammer… And Why You Should Be Using It At Your Business - 
 Even McDonald's is jumping on the Charlie Sheen  bandwagon - 
 Bye-Bye Bottom Feeders: Google Says You Lack Quality with an intense, new algorithmic adjustment. 
 How many ways can you reuse a shopping bag? Check out the hip, new eco-friendly reusable  bag by  jeans - 
 Who sucks the most, Verizon or AT&T?  Vote with your Gum -   
 "The World Is Obsessed With Facebook" Video on Vimeo 
 Why Youtube + NBA could change the live streaming social media game. 
 Why Video Advertising Needs to Dump Impressions and Move to 'Cost Per View' -   
 What's new in iPad 2? Follow the Apple iPad 2 event tomorrow at 10 am - 
 The man, the myth, the legend, the  
 How to extend the life of the banner ad - Include a small "Keep" button on your ad banner and allow users to save them. 
 Cool new mobile QR Code service - SPARQCode: 
 Clever advertising by this company - when you sit down on their bench with short shorts you become a walking billboard. 
 Getting taxes done today. I always feel like I'm playing a game waiting to see what my jackpot is. No whammies! (  idea? :P)
 Rocking out to Daft Punk's "Discovery" album & wishing I didn't have taxes in the AM so I can go see Oakenfold spin in LA tonight.  Sigh...
 Ohio man runs a commercial to propose to his girlfriend - 
 Why Impresarios (Not Algorithms) Will Rule Web Video - 
 LOL!  Funny Intelligent Adult Marketing Humor - "You Ever Heard of ROI?" -   (H/T  )
 scan documents and make faxes from your mobile phone - 
 How Microsoft, Mobile Tag, and AT&T are Killing Consumer QR Code Scanning In Utero - 
 Great post by  CEO  on HOW TO: Use QR Codes for Event Marketing 
 roi: just a stalling tactic?  ROI = Net Profit/Sales x Sales/Investment  
 emoticons: good for business (Email Etiquette II: Why Emoticons (And Emotional Cues) Work)  via 
 The hectic schedule of a social media manager  
 How Netflix Destroyed Blockbuster -  
 This is the best Tumblr you'll find this week: When Parents Text.  
 15 Strat Tips For Crafting the Coolest and Most Impressive Twitter Bio - 
  I am afraid my account reporting is off and just filled out a contact request through admob. Can you help me expedite? Thx.
 What could be sketchier than cookies hanging from the string of a 2 story window? Hmmm... 
 listening to "Ben Harper - Oppression / Get up Stand up (Acoustic Rare)" ♫ 
 Why is the audio so terrible during the latest live performances of a major sporting events?  Have we regressed??
  Playoff dunk contest is awesome this year.  JaVale McGee's dunk was unreal and (for a lack of better words) "impressive" at 50 pts. 
 Berliner Re-Invents the Postcard and Adds an Interactive Twist to Direct Mail - 
 Learn how to embed anything online - 
 Watch a recording of Google's live streaming mobile marketing discussion with me -     
 35 Entertaining 404 pages 
 The United States of GOOD Beer: A  of each state's favorite  by popular vote - 
 "BLOG = Better Listings On Google"   
 Really cool, this photographer takes people's photos back to the future-style (Is that how you describe this?)  
 Facebook Rolls Out New Brand Page Design (a complete guide by  )   
 How savvy organizations capitalize on great ideas and deliver successful projects -   (h/t  )
 FourSquare Has an Identity Crisis — 7 Possible Futures for The Business - 
 Facebook Fan CPA's rising:    
 Great looking paid  Themes at Themefuse - 
 10 Best Google   Plugins - 
 10 WordPress dashboard hacks 
 Can anyone reccomend a good place online to buy custom stickers? (I'm looking for quality at a good price).  Thanks!
 Umm,  haha wow this blogger sounds eerily familiar -> "Anthony's Food, Beer & Cocktail Adventures"  
 Status Saturday: 10 funny Facebook statuses that will definitely trigger comments - 
 joy division brought to life in playmobil  via 
 AdViews is a digital archive of thousands of  television commercials - 
 Video Creators: 7 Ways To Make Money On YouTube - 
 Good talks with good people that give a damn  
 Checking out the new Dippin' Dots website at    Very cool! (0/40° to be correct ;)  
 Notologist - leave a physical note anywhere for a stranger to answer on the Notologist website -  
 New blog post: MediaPost Publications Why Moms Don't Use Foursquare -- And Other Insights From The Social Media Ins... 
 New blog post: MediaPost Publications ConAgra Launches Online Cooking School 01/31/2011 
 New blog post: REPORT: Facebook Branding Beats Twitter 
 New blog post: 10 Incredible Interactive YouTube Videos 
 New blog post: HOW TO: Integrate Facebook, Twitter, and Buzz into Your Gmail 
 New blog post: First Round, Betaworks, And Angels Back Up Backupify With $900K 
 New blog post: Facebook and Twitter Dominate Small Biz Social Media Use 
 New blog post: Facebook Leads Top Website Engagement 
 New blog post: Facebook Rolls Out Major Upgrades To Ad System 
 Great workout tonight.  Gotta look like you give a damn for  and the Grammy's this weekend 
 New blog post: Smartphones More Effective for Ad Campaigns 
 New blog post: MediaPost Publications Study: For Retail, Social Media Doesn't Work 02/04/2011 
 New blog post: New Facebook Ad Features: Choose Your Own Default Landing Tab and New Sponsored Stories 
 What is the max number of keywords you should use per a page (5?)?  Is there a different max number of keywords for the homepage? Thx 
 The Plaza,  City  located on Central Park South, now offers  in each of its guests rooms & suites. 
 what barbra streisand can teach you about the internet  - 
 Watch  of Every Single Super Bowl Ad. Ever.  
 Top 10 Most Popular Super Bowl XLV Ads.  Ads for Tires, NFL, Beer Score with  Viewers -  
 10 Incredible Interactive YouTube Videos - 
 Group Buying for Social Good: 7 Sites Using Daily Deals to Give Back - 
 What was your favorite  ad? 30+ Super Bowl Ads You Could've Watched Before the Big Game  
 Touchdown Green Bay!  Rodgers is playing great.
 Groupon vs. Living Social in each of their first offline advertising adventure - 
 One web designer with a childish sense of humor (read the website content - not long & worth it).  
 Awesome way to tech-out Halloween Lights.  Halloween Light Show 2009 Raw Edit - Boom Boom Pow -   
 Two Easy Steps to Protect Your Privacy on Facebook - 
 Corporate Blogging: Borrow Instead of Buy - 
 Best Choice: Facebook LIKE or Qualified eMail Address?  
 Yeah! I just got one of the first  accounts in the U.S. Sign up for an invite here to get Spotify for free: 
