 RT  Tired of the usual...
 I think I might be done texting for the night .
  he about to rob something or somebody
 RT  I, ont smoke but you can pass me that bottle and watch me do damage
 I bet I won't get a reply after that one . Lol
 RT  Sittin here, kinda drunk... Thinkin
 From the looks of it. I'll probably be getting in my bed soon.
 RT  somebodyy cme rescue me !!!!!
 RT  Just like you ,I get lonely too........
  vodoo & pnl
  we shoulda went somewhere
  lol your welcome & riiiight !
 RT  Bored outta my mind tho!
 RT  Phone dying
 Lol none of that is fun by yourself RT   exercise, eat & then exercise, play a game, get some sexual healing...lol
  lol I'm not . Just don't have nothing else to do .
  only right now . Cause I don't have anything else to do .
  why not ?
  lol I knew you would laugh tho . I'm just over here getting drunk .
  you not going out ?
  take me on the plane with you . Lol
 Drink one down . Probably bought to fix drink two .
  lol why you saying no ?
 Happy Birthday Sexy Chocolate  !
 Phone is about to die .
 My drink kicking in .
  lol people be calling me that anyway .
 I might just get drunk by myself tonight
 Watching House Party 3
 I told my bestfriend I wanted to get my tongue repierced, she said good luck with that lol .
 Fixed myself a drink , about to watch a movie on netflix and eat.  Since my loser is occupied and my bestfriend is sleep.
 TRYING TO FIGURE OUT IF IMMA DO SOMETHING WHEN I GET OFF .. HHHMMM.
  OKAY - USHER
 RT  I really gotta take my own advice
  yay ! It's been a minute for me too .
 Sweetness.
 So its on tomorrow right ladies     ?
 I wonder what I'm doing after work tonight ?
 Just watched "My Girlfriends Boyfriend" it was a great movie !
 Is it possible to have two good relationships at the same time ?
 RT  DMX should've kept rapping... he use to go
 Who would you be without your weave ? That is the question .
 RT  Sooooo what's up tonight????
 Watching a movie on Netflix
 Breakfast for 1 , since  doesn't like pancakes . 
 work later ..  tonight.
  good .
  well just enjoy it now.
  ugh , I live that kind of stuff . It's real .
  see poor tay ! This doesn't sound like your morning .
 RT  never lie to someone who trusts you and never trust someone who lies to you
 RT  I'm Single simply Because I Want It ALL Or NOTHING.
 I hate liars ! It only takes once .
  ugh , I want one ! Lol
  soaked ?
 Jealous . I've always wanted to.   RT  Ive never dated a white guy, and tomorrow should be interesting!
 So I definitely have to pack today. I've put it off too long.
 Lol ha ha tell em !!! RT  And again stop texting me at booty call hours!!! It pisses me off!! YOURE NOT GETTING ANY!!!!!!
  good !
 When I come back next month . You probably won't be calling me trouble no more.  I'll be good.
 So I'm up , Good Morning .
  let it come to you.
  lol oooohh
 Purple Kisses * muah *
  lol my bad my phone been messing up . But it was just an idea. But I'm not going anymore.
 Finally opened and took some of the tylenol  bought me awhile back . My head is killing me . I could really use my head being rubbed.
 Watching First 48 . I never watch this show .
 I have nothing to do today , ugh !
  Scream - Pop It Off Boyz
 I gotta bad headache : (
  Slow - Jamie Foxx
 So I get to texting , scroll down to your name. Cause you know I'm interested.
 What you wasting time for ya'll ain't even vibin.
 Keep it a secret like a D.M.
 Hahaha RT  Massages=Trobule...rather your the one getting one or giving it...they stir up *cough* "feelings"
  Say Yes - Lil Corey
  lol I'm not . And yeah I barely do .
 Check , look.  & I ain't tryna get to know nobody but you !
 When I give ya what I give ya , you gon like that .
 & how you make the darkness seem so bright . I'm feeling like things gon be alright .
 Lights please .
 RT  She Told Her  !
  laying in the bed .
  Lights Please - 
 When its all said and done , Imma make you number one !
  Number One - Chris Brown , Tyga.
 So tonight I'll do it every way , speakers knockin to the morning light.
 So in love, I'll give all away . Just dont tell nobody tomorrow.
 Just hold me close don't let me go .
 Don't slow it down , just let it go.
 I told my girls you can get it .
 I may be young but I'm ready , to give you all my love .
 I'm a bad girl and my friends bad too ; we got the swag sauce, we dripping swagoo .
 Eating pineapples : )
 Laughing at  tweet this song LOL
  HOW ?
  RT  Dis girl up in here tryin to dance and hit herself in the mouth 
 RT  My times occupied nowadays
  I wish it was raining tho .
 My phone says its raining , but there is no rain .
 RT  oomf is about to miss me when I'm gone.
 The shirt I had on today.  
 RT   can tell when you're being sarcastic even when everyone else can't.
  welcome : )
 Lol cute.  RT  ladies im only 20 , im young but im willin
 About to get undressed and wrap up this hair.
 RT  I'm hungry! 
 In the house tonight..
 Not tryna be a notch on your belt I'm tryna be the buckle and hold it together.
 I don't wanna be that girl, I wanna be your girl .
 Thinking that I should've kept my tongue ring . But Idk if I would get my tongue pierced a 3rd time.
 I never be checking my text when I'm tweeting
 People saying its raining.  But I don't see it.
 RT  If you tell me yes.. I'll lay you down...
 Sometimes I say things just to see your reaction.
 So is it raining or what ?
 I'm hot !
 No ones texting me . Blah :/
 So its suppose to rain .. & I'm at home . Ugh : (
 I'm not fond of it myself RT  This single life takes some getting use to...
 RT  Gotta watch who you call yo friend
 I can't believe I'm in the house right now .
 As soon as I log into Facebook my chat blowing up. :/
 I need a shoulder to cry on literally ; where is  ?
 Forgiveness ..
 I've become someone I've never thought I'd be.
 Repenting !!! Cause I messed up big time .
 Ok , let me take this nap , for real.  My eyes are heavy.
 RT  Wassup for the nite?
 We should be ..
  oh ok . Well congrats on the good news !
  it depends on what your trying to do
 I think it was meant for me not to have my phone today . Things happen for a reason : )
  from where ?
 Keep it a secret like a D.M.
 I had a cool lil day tho : )
 Had Culvers today for the first time .
 Until now .
 I haven't been at home all day .
 Haven't had my phone all day . It was at sprint if anyone had tried to reach me.
 Lol !!!!
 You could be the best , but you'd rather settle for less than that.
 Potential with no drive .
 If everything in life was handed to you . Then you wouldn't appreciate it.
 Why do people give up so easily ?
 It's the ones that I'm patient with and spend my time with , that I want to be with .
 I might flirt but that definitely don't mean I want to be with you .
 Flirting, its just flirting to me .
 RT  The most precious possession that ever comes to a man in this world....... is a woman's heart
 I always get stuck in the friend zone when I don't wanna be :/
 RT  You can have my heart, or we can share it like the slice...
 I need a massage !
 S/o to my district manager for buying me some $50 jeans tho .
 Just got off work.  Been there since 12 no lunch break . At Mama China right now !
 Good morning : )
 These dudes are a mess !
 Called , no answer .
 So this week I've missed Basketball wives and I just missed Toya
 RT   will let  you have the last word because we'll get the last laugh.
  ugh I wanna go
 Me !!! RT  Who's ready for the "Quickie"  video?
  soggy cereal is nasty
 I turn on the radio and hear my fav song off the cd " Party " playing .. ugh
 So Beyonce is going to put her whole cd on the radio . Smh
 Pass*
 My body is so hot and it is still hot outside . I feel like I could pads out !
 Just got off of work and my back is killing me !!!
 Baby daddy's be looking miserable at the mall
  its still not the same
 I gotta attitude . And only one thing can fix it right now .
  lol I'm just saying. Keep laughing. But hear me.
  lol I'm serious !
 Ugh, I'm soo ........ Frustrated.
 Nap time
 Laying on my momz bed .
 Yesterday I thought I was going to explode.
 I'm sleepy.
 S/O to  &  for their Avi's . Nice gentlemen !
  lol or that .
 Let's start over !
  draw a picture
 Always a liar ! RT  I have a feeling u r still a liar
 RT  5 years from now I prolly won't even remember yalls names. Yall just briefly passing through my life.
 RT  Anybody who will lie for you..will lie to you and about you
 The question is can I trust you
 What you won't do someone else will.  & and what you don't want someone else does.
  lol ok just checkin !
  just said one of the realest things to me .
 Tyga is tight tho
 Both wanna be involved but love like suicide ..
 What happens when you get involved , niggas start telling lies.
  you better not be naked in your avi !
 RT  If she has trust issues you gotta do everything you can to be the one who changes that 100%
 The less attention you pay , the more attention they give .
 I will be in the house all day until work . It's too hot !
 RT  CNA = Certified Nothing Asses..
  lol its ok .
  they did .
  fat forward tho ? Lol lol lol
 Don't nobody come to class anymore and its the last week , we only have two more days
 Hey cutie , I just wanna holla .
 Got to class on time and now my tummy hurting . Ugh.
 People addicted to me , cause they addicted to real - Big Sean .
 Keep it a secret like a D.M.
 Good morning .
 Chris brown is on just about every new song or hot song out right now .
  & don't lower your standards.
 RT  If it ever occurs I'm in the way...you let me know
 My TL is whack right now .
 Trouble, that's me .
 In the bed before 12 , ready for tomorrow's full day of school and work.
 People be sounding stupid on Twitter.
 If you don't wanna talk to someone just don't reply .
 Niggas catch an attitude when they can't get you how they want you .
 Captin America was good tho !
 So the movie messing up , it keeps going black smh !
  you can't just do it just because ?
  why not ?
 RT  Omg this day is flying by!
  lol you take me and I will . Deal ?
  and what is a 
  lol I ain't never heard of it .
  lol no they don't .
 I shoulda asked for extra MAC sauce
 Yes I will :p
 I second that . RT  I need to be at a beach some where.
 RT  I like a girl whose confidence is up. <<<< Me .
 Lol yes I did !
 RT  Don't be acting shy up in this room like I make you nervous
 Got my  from McDonald's . Could have gotten a whopper from BK . If someone would have gotten it for me . *cough cough*
  umm ok
 I do it !,
 RT  He ain't nuthin but a STD... "something to do" lmao
  cause I said so.
  lol my bad , that's right. Well . BE QUIET !!!
 Happy Birthday   !
  lol you be nice to me too , so hush !
 Imma learn ya !
  shut up !
  lol I'm sure I do it all the time . But on the other hand Im nice to you.
 Right ! RT   gone get live tonight
 RT  i gotta smart mouth i cant help it
  lol sorry I retweet a lot of those .
 Imma get you tho . No worries . Idk when tho.  Asap.
 RT  i still love floetry song say yes
  lol oh I see .
 RT   a  A drought.
  lol that's cause you always getting smart .
  lol.  Awwwwww I see you got jokes
 When .
 RT  boy: I love U Girl: Aww do u really? Boy: yeah it's my favorite vowel
 Yes .
 RT  All this complaining in my tl
 RT   a gangster nigga..but idk why lol <<< like you huh ? Lol
 RT  Listen close . .   hate to repeat themselves .
 I'm such a good friend.
 What am I eating for lunch ..
 My TL ain't talking about nothing.  At all.
 Watching "Up" this movie is soo funny
 About to go help  with this school stuff . My. Loser . Lol
 RT  If I had a ...id be able to sit in the house all day & chill
 Ugh , I'm going to be tired all day I can feel it .
  goodnight.
 This is the last time * trey songz voice *
 RT  I don't know how people work this early
 So I'm up.  Smh.  Taking my uncle to the airport.
 Eyes gettin heavy
 Just call me trouble , I'm nice with it tho ; )
 I do what I want & it fits me well ; )
 Watched this movie called " Unknown " tonight . It was good .
 RT  U really wanna leave earth not knowing what true love feels like?
 RT  welcome to  waka flocka ! RT  I will kill 4 a plate of Gates 
 Lol no !,RT  twitter should have a song play when you go on somebody page tho lol 
 No text back , cute.
 RT  RT DMs ONLY!!! Finish this sentence: Me and you should _________ ... Post this as a tweet and see what responses you get."
 Gotta be up at 530 to take my uncle to the airport. I'm dreading it .
 My weekend ended like this - : )
 This dude on 71 was driving mad crazy
 This lady shoes are a mess ! Lol 
  bye
  yes sir
 They be tryna copy & paste me.
  tripping
 "I'm hard to get over , come here and I'll show ya" -Floeticnette
 About to go out to eat with the fam
 Trying not to fall asleep.
 New years in Vegas ...  Hey now !
 We in this church that don't have no air 
 Back at church .
 My momz gon tell me to be quiet cause my uncle is sleep then she on the phone talking loud smh
 My pastor always spitting lol
 At church tho : )
 I woke up and looked at my car and was pissed  ...
 Goodnight
 :(
 My Twitter still messed up
 My Twitter won't update.
 I kinda like that name ...
 No ma'am its not lol RT   that's all u need to be doing is sleeping
 I'm in the bed still dressed, wishing I was doing something else
 RT   tho lol
 I surprise myself sometimes , because if you knew what was going on in my head when I just saw you . Mmmmmmm. Trouble trouble trouble.
  lol yay !,
  you right , my bad I'm tripping.  Jodeci ?
 Laughing at the text I just got , thirsty . Ha ha sad.
  okay ginuwine
 S/o to the dm I just got
 Yeah , I'm trouble ; )
 I was good tonight for a change * pats self on back * but I really wanted to be bad tho.
 RT  Lil jon shots is my shit tho 
 RT  RT  I love being single, but tonight is one of those nights.............
 Jamming in my car , just chilling .
  lol , that's not even what I meant .
 I hope I didn't wake up my neighbors
  lol no I'm good .  What you on ?,
 Told my BESTFRIEND I would be good . So I'm trying .
  Awww that sounds beautiful
  lol oh ok
 People difficult for no reason.
  lol what ?
 The night is young ..
 Lol that's a mess RT   Mamma say knock u out ll cool J. gotta obey my moms lol
 Just took another shot of Hennessy . Even though I know your suppose to sip .
 Wide awake
 Going back and fourth through text message, lowkey arguing.
 RT  Tyga is tight!
 So what's everybody doing ?
  *I will take you down if you let me do it* 
 Out
  I'm just takin one big shot that's all .
  straight .
 Hennessy...
 My phone blowing up now that I'm thinking about staying in the house
  lol right . I think you just described my night.
 I need some . Ugh .
  Naw , I'm not feeling the club scene.
  lol I've been doing that all day couldnt do it no more
  you tell me.
 Dressed , and will be out the house by 10 . With nowhere to go.
 Frozen Grape Juice 
 Hair washed !
  be safe sir
  I soo texted you
  Body 2 Body - Ace Hood ft 
 Just got the shower ..
  Mirror - 
  has been soo mean to me lately :'( .
  lol I guess I'll be gettin over it then .
 RT  I want to see   tonight
 Even my momz going out tonight , smh . Everybody but me lol
  going out , but its not going to be the same without me ! Lol
  Let The Beat Build - Lil Wayne .   I love this song !
  oh ok .
  Your Hands - Marsha Ambrosius
 " I wanna make love to my baby "
  what ?
 I feel like a lame . But imma be good .
 Listening to it again ..  you know I love me some USHER ; )
  ewwwww weeeee lol  I won't be here next month tho . Just letting you know .
  downloaded and listening now : ) * I see you wanna take it slow , imma drop it to the floor real low *
 RT  Sprint is a joke
  lol its a song.
 Everybody be saying that lol RT  Imma need  to burn me a cd she knows the good shit lol
  have enough fun for me
  Go Baby - Lupe Fiasco
 " Don't know what you heard but my sex is great "
  Naked ( Remix ).  -  ft Mike Jones .
  been there , get a drink and you will be coo.
 I have no plans for today , or tonight.  This is unusual.
  hahahaha
 Now I got him chilling with me all around the clock...
 Kinda chick that rather rent a flick and get intimate
  lol I bet you went tho
 RT  Its hard to put  in a box they're great innovators.
 I love  music . The stuff he raps about are so relevant .
 RT   women like when their lovers lead them with strong hands.
 Imma be good tonight (I hope) , I've been good recently. But I do gotta problem tho .
  bout to kick it hard huh ?
  lol just thought I'd get a joke in .
 Everybody who is going out tonight . Be safe . Please .
 RT  RT  My life be like --- OOOOOO AAAAAAH
 Why am I still in the bed tho ...
  with me ! lol lol jk jk
  what you doing tonight lil mama ?
 I wonder if I'll get it
 Sooooo, I'm just about to get in the shower &wash my hair, its one of my favorite things to do. &the next best thing. Since I can't go swim
 I'm so sad that I'm not going swimming today , because I have no one to go with and the person I can go with will get me in trouble : (
 That place is nice ! RT  dinner for 2 at fogo....on me....1day tho...
 Lol wow RT  Homeless people outside fighting for shade lol
 RT  ***Ladies*** Make-Up less is more!
 RT  I need a line looking rough. If I trusted myself i'd do it but Nah
 So I just drunk somebodies grape juice , but it wasn't mine . Luckily we all family in here .
 That sounds good ! RT  This strawberry lemonade cake is delish
 RT  lol the real world and twitter are 2 totally diff things...kills me how diff ppl are on each. :) Same me. What you see is ...
  UMMMMM ,you need to text me .
 S/o to  for tweeting " Cheer Up " by  the other day . This song is  !
  looking good huh
 Eating cinnamon graham crackers...
 RT   aren't soft, its called controlled strength.
