 RT  Fountain City boy grabs gold at USA Diving Nationals 
 Many thanks to all for the   mentions today!
  let me know what you think when you get a chance to try the flex nib!
  yup, fun fun. the joys of management in retail too.  BUT it did all work out in the long run.
 <sigh> at least I knew what to do with each, but it definitely made the blood pressure go up for a while.
 Finally dug the jam out with a pair of scissors. Then the POS system locked up while trying to close, causing me to leave 45 mins  late.
 Crazy receipt printer got jammed in teh middle of a rush today, tried to replace it  but the new one got jammed too.
  awesome!  Glad you got it!  The color is awesome! sounds like a great day for  AD!
  I work a lot on the weekend, so I definitely keep it trimmed and shaven!
 Remember folks! For two days only  everything in the store is Buy 1 Get 2 free! (Ex. Shoes & gift cards) come see us!!
    razor, Fuller finest badger, MWF soap,  black elixir balm  
 Rt JosABank_Brand: Online & In-Store - Buy 1* Item, Get Any 2** Items Free! Excludes Shoes, Clearance and Gift Cards. Fri & Sat Only!
 RT  "GETWAXED" (coupon code) gives you 25% off on all orders purchased from today until the end of summer break,... . ...
  amen to that sir!
  how are the shaves going Kevin??
 RT  When you die, you are going to leave behind all that you have ... and you are going take with you all that you are. – Ad ...
 RT  The Bluebeards Revenge quest for ‘Manliest Cyclist’ heats up: Leading men’s grooming brand The Bluebeards Reveng... h ...
  my pleasure sir!
 Great to meet everyone at the  tonight!    
  check out   and   also check out this link 
  cool! We carry them!
  yes, we certainly do!
  cool, I'm here, look for the guy with blue plaid shorts.
 So, anyone for the  meet & greet at Stillwater yet?
 Rt  Starting at Midnight! BUY 1, GET 2 FREE Everything Online! Fri & Sat In-store.- this means  too!
 Bumper sticker:"I didnt claw my way to the top of the food chain to eat just vegetables!"
 shew. long day, busy day tomorrow.  time to hit the sack, night y'all.
 Wow, there are some awesome bowtie sellers on  !! Some great looks at very reasonable pricing!  
  I hear ya.  Thankfully our 5yo doesn't need much now, usually like to come in and watch and talk while I shave.
  Always a plus!  Is your normal shaving routine at night?
  Looking very nice sir!  Good shave I assume?
  Thank you sir! I thought for certain you had covered the topic already!
 RT    Proper Tie Length Video - How long should your tie be? - 
  Oh noez!! Poor Robyn!
 RT  On Twitter,  wrote: " I have a question for you...  
  See you there tomorrow Lisa!
  If  recommends it, it's pretty compelling.  He's the apparent go-to guy for online business
    The Future tennis was awesome!!
  great! I'll be there as well!
  Hey, is the Pub meet up still on for Tomorrow night? 
 The Origin of Whisky 
 One Whisky, Two Whisky, Red Whisky, Blue Whisky. 
 The Whisky of Sleepy Hollow 
 The Return of the Whisky  
 A Tale of two Whiskys   
  The Lord of the Whiskies
    razor,  oil, Fuller finest badger,  lavender croap,  as balm  
  if you have not already covered the topic, might I suggest an article on proper tie etiquette esp legnth? Lots of discrepancy
  woo hoo! Can't wait to see what it is!
  heh! I bet!
   He yJim!  Saw your  post over on B&B! How do you like the Castle Forbes?
 I'm a total geek, but I just love reading through the  threads on forums. the pictures are amazing and cool to see whats in use!
  huh, didn't know it sould mess with finish on DE's.  makes sense it would cause problems with carts. thanks!
  no problem! also, noticed you didn't include the alcohol immersion method. Heard it's supposed to be as good as oil immersion.
  do you know when you might be stopping by? You're also always welcome to set up an appointment.
   did you know there is a pre-roll ad on your video on blip.tv?
  you're welcome!
 I just got some FREE music from The Dirty Guv'nahs on   Download it here: 
  it's on the way!
 Headed out on a walk to the Post Office.  Gotta mail a package ( )
  absolutely! All the way to a 50 Extra long! Definitely would be able to acommodate you.
  hey Sarah, if Brian is interested we have a couple of nice suit sales coming this week! Now buy 1  price get 1 for $77.
   did someone say Manhattan? Me three!
  sure, that's fine. Also the pitting problem are all in hidden areas, not in important surface areas.
  also comes with really good cond silver plate box. I think I put $26 in, just that would fine w/ me.
  yeah I've got one that's not seeing any use. Has some pitting issues, but still shaves great.
  hey Tom, have you been able to locate a vintage slant yet?
  just had one of those myself last Weds. Sehr gut ja!
  yes I am, thank you! I will be sure to follow you on Facebook as well!
 RT  The Bluebeards Revenge use all 7 letters in Scrabble....every turn.
 Early morning meeting with a friend and mentor. ( Panera Bread) 
 Okay, enough already!  and  you can go now. 
 RT  Classic, yet awesome.... Enjoy! 
  just let me know, I'll be glad to refer you over to her.
  I have a friend in Maryville that does awesome tattoos, in case you're interested.
  pretty sure  and  both carry the Speick sticks.
 RT  When W signed the debt ceiling 7 times, Senator Obama blamed him for it. Now, POTUS says I wanna do what W did.
  very nice! Now all you need is a Speick stick too! Feeling better, still a little shaky bit much better
 RT  Put Up Your Dukes! The Art of Manliness Pose Contest - When I was brainstorming what would become the Art of Manline ...
  dang!! That looks good!
  with that kind of day sounds like you may need two!
  absolutely.  Not fun at all.  I haven't had one in months, it was a pretty mild one but still reminded me why I hate them.
 shew, just tried to have a  dnag that hasn't happened in quite a while.
 during work transition time we switched ins over to Cobra, just got the bill. DANG that stuff's expensive. gotta find new ins. fast.
  I hadn't decided yet, I've got about 10-12 handles that need knots. hadn't taken the time to figure it out yet.
  I've got one handle thats going to take at least a 26mm knot. thought that was big. =)
  awesome! I'll be in touch soon!
   hey! This is in your neck of the woods! 
  btw- did you see that I used the  razor today in my 
  Thanks! We had talked about an interview at one time, you still game?
  That's a BIG brush!  How does it handle?
  Hey Craig, just saw your video on "the M word". totally agree. Would you care if I posted o… (cont) 
  oh man, fresh figs from teh tree are awesome! definitely jealous!
 RT  QUICK TIP: Let your razor do all the work. Putting excessive pressure on your blades will only increase your chances of n ...
  I wondered about that. seemed odd that she was appointed.
  Congratulations on the launch of your online store!
   same here.  I have a bottle of J Herbin Vert Olive and a bottle of the now discontinue… (cont) 
  heh, what's up with B&B?
 RT  Robert Duvall shaves with a cut-throat razor in black and white (the video, not the razor) 
 RT  Preview tomorrow's  
 RT  President will address the nation tonight yet again on the debt ceiling. Instead of speeches, why won't he try leader ...
 RT  Have you signed up to get a FREE  razor yet? Fill this out  and LIKE us here  ...
 Ask Aaron Q/A: Caring for your razor:  via 
   I know!!  I could easily have as many inks as I do shaving products... 
  I can't believe I hadn't seen it until now, but that porcelain shaving bowl looks amazing!
    Yup! Saw it! Don't think I have the funds right now, really wish I could grab a bottle though! 
  initial thoughts, quite good. some pulling/tugging in thicker parts of beard, several passes for good clean shave, but good shaver
  Heh, yup! they sent it to me as a winner of one of their competitions. going to shave with it a few days and write a review.
   6 blade razor,   oil, Fuller finest badger, Speick soap stick, Stephans Hi-Spice splash 
 alright, buttermilk bread started! now to go for a swim then come back, shower, shave, then write Q&A's for   and the blog.
 RT  Ends today! RT  Retweet to enter! Contest ends tomorrow: The Real Shaving Company Sensitive Formula  ...
  gee, that was appropriate 
 RT  Totally Cool! RT Mango Pineapple Smoothie! Click to buy one, get one FREE courtesy of   ...
  They would have probably used pint sized bottles!
  ouch!  That really bent the earpiece!
  I like it! 
 RT  DC-AREA GENTS:  Still a few GROOM-PONS available for great deals on in-store spa services. Treat yourself today. htt ...
 RT  Bluebeards Revenge praised for eradicating razor burn: A US men’s style magazine has praised The Bluebeards Reve... h ...
   Ear protectors bent your frames, when you went to straighten them back, they snapped.
 RT  The Bluebeards Revenge Adds Expanded Product Range: 
  yes, I'd try one too!
  I would cold brew the coffee. Don't need a maker.
  funny, I thought that said orange chocolate stout!!
  it's beautiful isn't it?! Grew up getting to see that.
   maybe that's where the Merkur Bakelite razor would come in hand!!
 Woohoo!!!! We are now wireless! 
 alright, going to try and set up the wireless router.... *fingerscrossed*
  lve iiced coffee, got any good recipes?
  ha! No, but did speak about suffering with Christ!
  i think Scott at  uses a Le Grelot (sells them too). You could ask him. Tho RP is closed until next month.
  that was smart! Our AC was out  church today, could have used one of those! 
  hope you get some rest soon!
  Beautiful dress! Have fun!
   but OH so tasty!! Especially fresh picked from the woods!
  Well, the S2001 and the Paragon both.
  Nice!  I like the looks of the Omas!
  nevermind I saw the reply to.  Yes, the flex nib is spoken for. sorry! Hope you find one!
 Hey All, I currently have a Merkur Slant, Futur and Progress available in the  program right now.  Anyone interested? 
  sold it, the Noodler's Flex-nib you mean?
  how's the L'Occ shave gel Tom?
  okay, will do!
  thank you, that's a big help!
  no, no response yet. Would you mind taking it for me?
  it's the Poltergeist Pumpkin
 RIP - Amy Winehouse
 Hey ya'll what's the word on Amy Winehouse??
  indeed! I much prefer the GEM blades to any other SE blade.
  how's the Safari soap? What's the M-bomb?
  Merkur HD/Feather, Fuller finest,  orange sandalwood oil & cream, Pinaud Citrus Musk    
 helping wifey and little man pack for a beach trip. wish I could go... *sniff*
 RT  Loading up for Market Square Farmers' Market! Come downtown and say Hello to Sassy Glass Studio from 9a to 2p.
  it's kind of a cross between a fine and medium nib. see here: 
  Very Nice!  Thank you!
  can't remember will check in the AM for you.
 hey  guys I'm going to sell my Noodlers LE Flex-nib.  Mint condition, just not for me. $16 includes shipping. anyone interested?
  how on earth did I miss the  ink order on B&B up til now!?
   heh, all part of being a 
  =)It's my pleasure.  Love sharing the info.
 Badger & Blade 5 O'Clock Shadow Ink by Noodler's Ink:  Wow!  has a custom ink by Noodlers! WANT!
  how's the progress??
  you should check out   very good history and line up. also check out  dates & pics
 Hey bowtie fans! You should check out  Great modern bowties! 
  quite a bit! Construction, plating, etc. blade gap seems different as well. I have a SS if you want to try/buy.
  I like the adj becuas eI can custom set the blade gap to fit my face. Really like the Futur
  very nice! where did you acquire it?  looking to get one for the  program.
  Merkur HD/Muhle are very similar in blade gap. Gillette razors are generally quite mild unless it's an adjustable.
   - Is this the Feather portable, or the Feather All-Stainless?
  great photo comparisons of the blade gaps, well done.  and yes, the knurling on the Aristocrat is great.
  Thank y6ou for the   Much appreciated!
  So how did the shave go today Kevin?    
  if I didn't have to work tomorrow! I'd see you there.
  oh really!? Didn't realize that! Maybe I'll use it for some video edsiting as well! Also have iMovie. Super basic, but works.
  GIMP isn't bad at all, just takes some getting use to. Use it to edit my pictures.
  thanks Doc! 
  that is ecatly right. No rhyme or reason whatsoever. 
 WOW!!! One of our customers is a "Lost Boy" from Sudan!!!
 Also this weekend  all Sportcoacts and Blazers are Buy1Get1free plus 2 pairs of pants free as well! Come see us!
 This weekend at  all sportshirts (button down & polo) are %70 off and all pants dress & casual are %60 off! Come see me!
  oh yeah! I know it. About 5.5 hours from here.
  hey you're in  and my neck of the woods!!
  part deux oops, forgot  menthol Alphaoil.  Used the last of the bottle today. *Sniff* 
  merkur hd/feather,  thermal mask, fuller finest, MB Lime Ice/Lea menthol superlather, Aqua Velva 
  definitely a problem they had and did not see until way too late.
  Thank you Jim!
  Very nice!! Almost looks like teh bean in Chicago!
 RT  Only in the South...RT  Police in Kentucky say 12 chickens were left in a hot car while their owners wen ...
  yeah, I'm afraid the writing was on the wall, sadly.
 Wow, Borders Books is going out of business. Just got the e-mail from their CEO.
 Don't abdondon your heart!  : 
  did you receive the Aristocrat  yet? What do you think of the shave?
  a great cookbook! Love it includes all the science too. 
  nice! We had one last night! Enjoy!
  sorry to hear you'll be closed. Best wishes for your health.
  yeah, was wondering if your phone was speaking German today, forgetting to realize you could be tweeting from a computer too.
  Ist deiner Handy sprechen Deutche diese Tag?
  Same here.  I'd much rather shave with one of my ancestors razors than any new fangled thing. period.
   Grosse Pointe Blank?
 Heading out on a date with the wifey! 
  meet any snapping turtles yet?
  I hear ya. Luckyily enough I have my great-grandfather's straight, trying to track down grandfathers DE's.
  sadness!! Sorry to hear that buddy. What are you using in the meantime?
  hey! How's shaving with the straight going?
  question for you: do pocket flaps go in or out of the pockets?
 Oh wow! Beautiful olive medallion bowtie just arrived in stock! 
 We at  just got a huge stock shipment, beautiful new wool/silk suits coming in! 
 Headed to work after attending my Great Uncle Bruce's graveside service this morning. 
  MerkurHD/Wilky, Fuller finest badger,  Verbena Lime oil, cream & as balm   
  does the Owl's location change from day to day, or does he stay in the same place each week?
 RT  Find the Olfactory Owl to win - each day we'll give you a clue to his hiding place!    ...
  heh! Think I will now..
 Insomnia you can go now 
 anyone want to toss me a couple of thousand $? no? yeah, that's okay....
 RT  Monsanto Under Federal Investigation For Cash Incentives Program  via     ...
  LOL 
  No worries, I'll keep you guys up to date on when stuff goes on sale!
  at that point he can come in and even if he doesn't like them he can trade product and keep the sale price.
  no, this is only tHe second time we've ran this sale. if you want to come & pick a couple to lock in the sale price I can do that
  Happy Anniversary to you and the Mrs.!! Congratulations and God's blessings on you!
  so which was this new recipe? A hit or miss?
  if Brian has the time, today would be a great day to come in! B1 off get 1 free suits & sportcoats. Plus 1/2 off rest ofstore
   Douro EdT 
  merkur hd/wilky,  sandalwood oil, Fuller finest badger, Speick cream & splash   
 Rt  Retweet this if you've ever been on a date at a Waffle House.  /// proudly guilty as charged!  
  so glad to have you back!
 RT  The  website is NOW Live! Check out  to see all our products and see what's comi ...
 'Cash Cab' strikes and kills pedestrian in Canada  via 
  out of curiosity IRL do you go by Chuck or Charles?
  thanks! I appreciate it! I hope to strike an agreement and get a lot more new retail items very soon!
 In case you hadn't seen, the  website is NOW Live!  Check out  to see all the hard work come together!
  you're right.  I really intended the tweet more tongue in cheek that anything else.=)
  LOL exactly!
  yeah, I think it was borrowed from the second set he got.  Star Wars set.
 Okay, I think I see what happened, son also got another lego set which is Star Wars, think the rifle was "borrowed" from this set.
  
 Wait a minute... My son got a lego ninja set from his uncle, but the ninja has... An assault rifle!??! 
 And the  website is now live!! Please go check it out at shaveyourface.com     
 AAaaaaaaand We are LIVE!  Please go check out the websie at ShaveYourFace.com!!!
 you shouldn't have to wear a gas mask to clean up after your pets.  isNASTY
  sounds exciting Mark! Looking forward to hearing more.
 Oh my word! This post office line is huge! Now I remember why I come after hours and use the automated machines.  
  need some coffee this morning??
  - Hey Guys!  very soon! Stay tuned!
 RT  I'm finding that there is a very fine line between "hobby" and "mental illness." /// what you think  peeps? ADs?
  no, you can use it from your phone too. But might have to pay for mobile service. Can't remember.
  you can use the invite to try the free service. That's what I did.
 Watching Pirates of the Caribbean: World's End with the wifey.
   ha! That's great!
   have had that happen to me.  Walked around with my glasses duct taped together for a couple of weeks.
  Heh! Bet that's some interesting reading!
  Hawwww, kitteh!!!
  Thanks! Good to know!
  - Don't forget!  Coming soon!    
 Hey  peeps, anyone tried e-have creams/products? What's your opinion?
  cool! Congratulations!
  this was the first one. Hadn't seen any of them, and borrowed the first from my b-i-l.
 Well my thoughts on Transformers: meh. A lot of flash, not much story, and a hot girl thrown in to help make up the lack.
 The kiddo is down for a nap,   is on a walk, Me? Watching the first transformers movie.
  I've heard that once you cold brew coffee it make fantastic hot coffee too.
  yeah it is! did you see the "I shave with Occam's Razor" one too?
 Cut N Shave Tattoo Shirt from Zazzle.com:  via 
 It's coming!!!!  
  Thanks Michael, we appreciate your prayers.
  Thanks Nathan much appreciated brother.
  thanks Jim. much appreciate it.
  Thanks Midge, I appreciate it.
  Thanks Ben, (that avatar is hilarious btw!)
  Thanks Thom, I really appreciate that.
 dang! As if life wasn't crazy enough already, just found out my great uncle has 2 weeks to live.
  we have another good sale coming this Tuesday with our Super Tuesday sale! That might be a better time for him to come by.
  merkur hd/wilky, sabi psychedelic boar,  lavender croap,  lavender balm  quick 2 pass before work.
  abosultely sir! Nothing beats a good cigar or bowlful of fine pipe tobacco!
  LOL no worries! Anytime he wants I'd be glad to be here!
 RT  Retweet this if the best part of your Saturday morning is breakfast at the Waffle House! 
  the booth looks great Lisa!
 ugh... long night.  going back to bed for a while.
  No problem! any kind of heads up helps a lot to prepare to help him!  Look forward to meeting him!
  It's just been hard life the past couple of months. Held my wife tonight as she cried herself to sleep. so not cool.
  Very cool! I've forgotten momentarily, where are you going again?
  Thank you! appreciate the  very much!
  Thank you! and the same to you!! 
  Thamks Tim!  Appreciate the 
  not sure if my reply came through or not... I work from 1-9pm tomorrow (Sat.) Would be happy to meet him!
  How are you doin?
  not so cool honestly.  it's why I'm up.
  Hey man! Thanks for the follow, followed back! You have some great bowties on Etsy!
  Hi! :::waves back:::
 Yeah! I just got one of the first  accounts in the US. Click here to check if you are also eligible for one. 
 dang life is tough sometimes.....
 Our website is close to launch, stay tuned for details!!
   have done quite a bit of blacksmithing before, a great art, tons of fun and extremely manly!
  was on about 3 pages of selected items. I'd check the website for details.
  it was really quite tasty!!
  yeah, supposed to air this Monday at 10pm! What Rock said anyway.
 Just had a very tasty lunch of couscous, pesto and.... Hotdog.  
  yeah! He said he met you! He is one of the nicest guys I've met, period. Looking forward to seeing the movie Monday eve.
  I'll be here from 1-9pm tomorrow.
  what's his name I'll be sure to take care of him personally!
  thanks! I'll talk to them and ask!
 Today through Sunday herte at  our famous Buy 1 get 2 free suit and sportcoat sale! Also 3 free shirts or ties with the B1G2!
   mirror,  scrub, Merkur HD/wilkinson sword, Fuller finest badger,  bay&lime soap, Pinaud VIBR 
 Ready for Work!    
  Man, I know a couple, but the other two....
   Nice article on Sports Jacket fabric!  Well done sir, enjoyed it much!
  Ah, that's too bad.  Their shaving soap the same way as well?
  Nope, jus tthought I'd pass it along.  You?
 Hey  folks!  has their Greenbriar shave cream for half off! 
  thanks Jim!  I know she does too.  Been dealing with a lot, then she gets sick poor thing.
  Very nice! In sales as well!
  Looking forward to it! Attended in 02-03.  Who runs the twitter feed?
   so what is your "day job"?
  NICE!  Have fun!  And once you put a Utilikilt on, you won't want to take it off! =)   
  heh! not surprised! unfortunately Apple tends to be a bit proud of their products. Thanks for the recommendation!
  sounds cool! where are you and  going? 
   well I'm afrad Emily is not well, is feeling really poorly unfortunately. trying to get her a Dr's appt for today.
  not yet!  Working on it!
 now following  can't believe I missed them before! (h/t   )
   Yes!  This should be fun!
  Thanks Jim!  You doing well this morning?  
  many thanks Chap!  I am honored to be in such company! 
  very cool! Chattanooga is a great town!
  memphis? What're you doing in TN? You aren't headed all the way this far East are you?
 Buy 1 get 5 free sale is this weekend! Come by while you can! ( Jos A Banks) 
 I'm at Panera Bread (11361 Parkside Dr, Knoxville) 
 RT  RT  Yep, it is time to quit looking for the Easy Button and start finding the Better Button.  (cont) h ...
  Good luck on the showing!!
 RT  How commercial airplanes SHOULD be laid out 
 RT  Happy Bastille Day!! 
  good for you! They always need  O blood.
    nice! any preference one over the other?
  prawns!
  as long as it doesn't smell like sickly sweet lime candy they work well for me. Great to layer with other warm weather scents too.
    mmmm, Limes!
  i would Be interested in one of the invitations if they're not all spoken for. Always looking for good music.
  initial thoughts on the T&H no. 10??
  sorry, what is  Rings a bell but can't place it.
  yes, arko also does creams & aftershaves. It def rings a bell.
 I'm at Jos A Banks 
  thanks Michael!  I appreciate it!
 Good morning all.  Up and at 'em this morning to write and work on final details for the website release.
  Sounds good, thanks! =)
  Greetings! Glad to know you made it safely! Enjoy!!
 okay, enough work for tonight.  night y'all. 
  Thank you sir!
  Thank you sir!
 RT  Umm, if I was the mother of Axe, I'd feel really bad what I did to the world. I'd send my baby to military school. 
  LOL  that's awesome. 
  they're supposed to be rebranding and will reintroduce the product asap.
  yup. Trademark dispute. BBR had an agreement with a US Company but after some time the US Co. pulled out of the agreement.
 USA stockists | American shops selling The Bluebeards Revenge:  via 
  I'll put soap containers on the list! Thanks! I'm sure if you talk to  they would know how to get you one!
  heh, thought that said first WORD problems at first 
  always wondered if it made any money for the County. guess not. what happens to natural waste now?
 I'm listening to "Caravan" by One O'Clock Lab Band () 
  it would explain a lot of people I've come into contact lately too... 
  Red River Gorge is on twitter! They have cool updates.
  interesting!  I hadn't heard they the county was shedding the property, but it's not surprising.  good move imho.
  thanks! that happens on the blog on reg web too. not sure why, they weren't stretched originally.
 Now on Google+
 RT  Just listed: Ultimate Apothecary Sample Set- One sample of each of the scents from the Poison Apple Apothecary:...  ...
  thanks! If you have any critiques, would you mind sending them by DM or e-mail?
 Hey         let me know what you think of this. 
  got your email, thanks!  Sounds great!
  If all goes well, Tomorrow!  If nothing else by Friday!
  my uncle, he bought my first brush, mug and soap as a birthday gift.
   heh, it's new, just give it time.
  so if a gentleman wanted to start carrying Simpson Brushes in his store, what would that fellow need to do?
  GEM 1912/GEM, Fuller finest badger restore, Shave Secret oil, Cella soap,   Bay Rum as milk 
 Just reviewed the final draft for the website! I think you guys will like it a lot! So thrilled!
 Hey All, my DW is thinking about getting an e-reader. Any thoughts? Nook, Kindle, etc.?
 RT  Pick your free bottle from the Poison Apple Apothecary - 
 RT   1800-793-5433 /// thank you!! Will be calling tomorrow!
  ha! how about just pick one of the NY stores and send me that one. :)
  just their main location! Thanks G!
 Would some kind soul send me the phone  for  please?
 Celebrating little general's 5th birthday today!!
  safe journeys! Hope you have a good time on the west coast!
  GEM1912/GEM, Fuller finest badger restore,  menthol alphaoil,  Revenge cream, vtg Avon Oland splash 
 Bravo   Bravo!  
  headed to Alaska?
 Just saw the ad for  coming to  wow!!!!
 Whoa. First segment in and I'm hooked on the new   show 
   Great start to the new  season! Most excellent!  
  uh, honestly not sure.  iPod touch, iPad/Kindle is in immediate future, laptop within a few months hopefully.
 Anyone with recommendations for a wireless router? Thinking about putting one in the apartment.     ?
 RT  Just got word from our webmaster that our website will be  live by the middle of this week! YES!
 We have a Merkur Futur and Slant available for rental in house for Rent-A-Razor, anyone want to take one for a spin?
  GEM1912/GEM, Fuller finest badger restore,  oil, Tabac soap, 4711 splash 
    that sounds awesome, miss her sense of humor!
 celebrated the little general's birthday today in the mountains with a grill out, cake, presents and fun in the water.
 Soooo tired. two double shifts will do that, especially when you're running a store.  goodnight y'all.
 Woohoo!! I found the Olfactory Owl!!    
  Arden Men - Sandalwood by Elizabeth Arden  
  Merkur Futur/Feather, Shave secret oil,  thermal scrub, Fuller finest badger,  lavender croap,  balm
  oh! Gotcha! sadness, you'd think being in TN one could still find banana pudding. Ah well, indulge once you get home!
  white castle? You guys on vacation? No nanner puddin is a travesty indeed!
  I like it!!
 RT  Incidentally, when I tried on that Ed Hardy dress, I looked like what an Abercrombie store smells like./// LOL!!!!
  I believe Krystal or Sonic has nanner puddin shakes!
  knoll espresso!
 I'm at Aeropostale (11361 Parkside Dr, Knoxville) 
