 Really? Why am I awake?
 I just became the mayor of My Bed....snoozin on  
 I just became the mayor of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints on  
 I just ousted Erin H. as the mayor of Canterbury House on  
 I just became the mayor of My Bed....Snoozin on  
 I just unlocked the "Ten Hundred" badge on  
  let me know how the meeting goes my love!
 I just ousted Nicole A. as the mayor of Wilder 14 Theater on  
 Got a package from the man friend today. He makes me smile :)
 I'm at Northern Kentucky University (1 Nunn Dr, Highland Heights) 
 Zzzzz ( My Bed....Snoozin) 
 Just said bye to mom. It is weird to think she won't be just a drive away. I'm crying just thinking about it!
 Ooooooo ( United States Air Force Academy Prep School) 
 I'm at heart of jerusalem cafe 
 I'm at Rudy's Country Store And Bar-BQ (315 South 31st, Colorado Springs) w/ 3 others 
 So, need to take a test and write a paper before I can go play...:(
 Finishing up some homework and then headed up to the mountains!! It's becoming a beautiful day here!! :)
 Oh heyy there mountains! 
 I just unlocked the "You're not in Kansas Anymore" badge on  
 People in Kansas are jerks. They give no courtesy wave if you let them in. Bitches.
 I'm at Topeka 
 Fillin up and heading out! ( Bp) 
 Why am I awake and thinking about Jeff Carter?? ( Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Lawrence) 
 I'm at Casa Agave (3333 Iowa St, Lawrence) 
 Goodnight Pazzy! 
 I'm at Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Lawrence (3411 Iowa St, 34th St & US 59/Iowa, Lawrence) 
 I'm at Kansas/Missouri state line 
 Amazing building!!! ( The Kansas City Star) 
 I'm at Lake Tapawingo (Lake Tapawingo) 
 I'm at Odessa, MO (Old U.S. 40, at 131, Odessa) 
 Awesome name. I want to live here! ( Knob Noster, Mo) 
 I'm at Missouri River And I-70 
 I'm at I-70 (6401 Interstate 70, Columbia) 
 Pazzy was in heaven! 
 Uhm....yes!!!! ( Total Hockey) 
 I'm at Olive Garden (5815 Suemandy Drive, Mid-Rivers Mall Drive, St. Peters) 
 I'm at MO/IL STATE LINE 
 Pazzy pumps 
 Fill up  ( Flying J Travel Plaza) 
 Yes, exactly. ( The middle of friggin nowhere) 
 I'm at Pocahontas, IL 
 I'm at St Elmo Illinois 
 Quote of the Day: "So is Rick Nash going to be the President?"
 I'm at The Cross (Effinghamii) 
 I'm at Effingham, Illinois (Effingham, IL, Effingham) w/ 2 others 
 Ooooo boy ( Indiana - Illinois State Line) [pic]: 
 I'm at Indiana State University (210 N 7th St, bt Tippecanoe & Cherry Sts, Terre Haute) 
 I'm at Steel City - Brazil 70 (I 70 exit 23, Brazil) 
 I love New Kids on the Block! Don't judge me.
 I'm at 70west 
 I'm at Speedway (6050 Cambridge Way, at Hadley Rd & Quaker Bl, Plainfield) 
 I'm at I-74 West 
 Ugh! Rain AND traffic?!? 
 Playing the license plate game...5 states in 3 minutes. Not bad at all!
 I'm at Batesville,IN (Batesville) 
 I'm at Indiana state line (275 west bound, Harrison) 
 I'm at Harrison, OH (Harrison) 
 1184 miles to go! ( 74 ramp) 
 Fillin up! ( Speedway) [pic]: 
 Here goes nothin...off for a cross country adventure!! :)
 I woke up sleepy, my cold shower definitely fixed that!!!
 Canada blanket, dish towels, and a Roots backpack. I think my step dad wants me to be Canadian too! 
  you are my Frannie Love-kins :)
 Who can fix my shower? Make it happen!
 I just ousted Jeannie P. as the mayor of Pappy & Granny's House on  
  sounds perfect. Bring the poles!
  I wanna go fishing!!!!! Come get me!!!!
 I will kill these chickens. Someday.
  Good point my friend...good point.
 Is there anything hotter than a Marine in his dress blues? Wow.
 I just ousted Jeannie P. as the mayor of The Chateau of Bethany and Cassie on  
 I'm at Target (Pavilion Pkwy, Newport) 
 Movin innnnn ( The Chateau of Bethany and Cassie) 
 I'm at Northern Kentucky University (1 Nunn Dr, Highland Heights) 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Steely Library on  
 I'm at Northern Kentucky University (1 Nunn Dr, Highland Heights) 
 I just ousted Jeannie P. as the mayor of Ridgewood Apartments on  
 So, new phone. New PIN. Add me if you want...271F3CFF
 I'm at Cincinnati / Northern Kentucky International Airport (CVG) (2939 Terminal Dr, at Donaldson Hwy, Hebron) 
 My best friend just chose Extreme Couponing over talking to me...I feel like I should worry for my god daughters safety...
 I just ousted Chris W. as the mayor of Landrum Hall on  
 Oooooo...this may have been a bad idea....
 Does anyone else see the resemblance between Rick Nash and James Durbin from American Idol? Or is it just me?
  goshen
 So, I just paid $3.61 for gas!!!!! Holla!!!
 Apparently....Trust is key in a relationship. Too bad I can't trust anyone. Dfdfjdeuidhfdh
 Can't wait until tomorrow!!! :)
  you ok?? Need me to come get you?!
 RT  No, contract columnists. RT  If I was in charge, I'd contract 6 teams - NYI, NSH, FLA, PHX, ATL, CBJ. Bet ...
 RT  More marriages might survive if the partners realized that sometimes the better comes after the worse. Doug Larson  ...
  Ooooooo
  Get off campus, you graduated! :)
 To continue the countdown...3 DAYS!! <3
 FYI: We were frightened in the previews. Good thing all the boys bailed on us (I'm lookin at you  and 
 4 Days!!!!!! <3
  booooooo
 So sleepy! Need to wake up before movie night!! Ahhhhhh
 RT  Breaking News:  sign 1st Home Grown player signed in club history, Forward, Aaron Horton!  . ...
  When is your move day?
  have I told you I love you lately? And I'm happy we're twinbies? :) That's all.
  oh, so it's kinda like Jersey Shore...coupon style?
  I have never watched that show...but your commentary is awesome my love!
 5 more days <3
 Should have filled up before I went home from class. Woops.
  thanks!
 Please say a prayer for my friend Julie who was hit by a drunk driver last night. She is pregnant and both her and the baby are fine.
 I am sending thoughts and prayers to Boogaard's family, friends and teammates. Such a terrible loss.
 I'm at Campbell County Courthouse (330 York St., Newport) 
 Going to get a massage next week I think...
  Happy Birthday to Miss Vivien! :)
 I'm pretty happy the Sharks won...not gonna lie.
 New bedding stuff!!!! Wooo!!! ( Florence Mall) 
 It is too damn hot for my air conditioning to not be working in my car.
 Today is a  kinda day...Wild Ponies is my favorite!
 I'm at Mellow Mushroom w/  
  it was good seeing you!! I missed you mucho!!
 Awesome that my damn phone decides to crap out on me now...
  did you have fun at wwe?
  check your texts!
  ok if there is anything I can do let me know
  well if you can make it...come...if not I understand. :)
 I need to be entertained...blah
  Suuuuure...we're onto you ya know lol
  And you're back in?! Shady biznassssss lol
 Off to class :)
  That's fine...yeah we probably will. I think we're going to dinner afterwards because  has to work til 9.
  haha okay! See you then!!!
 So proud of  for passing his CFP!!!!!!!! Go brotha!!!!!!
  fast 5
  movies tomorrow at 7 :)
  I texted youuuuuuuu
 Really missing my Mamaw today...I can't believe that she will have been gone 10 years on the 28th....
 Cooking dinner for my momma and aunt then home to work on some packing.
  what are you writing my love?
 Dinner is being delivered...got lots accomplished!! :)
 Woooo ( Walmart Supercenter w/ 3 others) 
 Bubble Wrap is expensive!!! ( Staples) 
  OMG I love Wrigley!!!!! So jealous!!!
 Off to buy more bubble wrap! The old ladies are on the couch watching Star Trek...and I am jealous.
  you're welcome. Have fun this weekend.
  welcome. Miss you! Movies on Tuesday?
 Congrats to  and  on graduating!! :)
 Packing alllllllll day.
  quick! To BBM!!!! <3
  twinny I'm kinda really jealous of that setup ;)
 Just dropped $100 on moving supplies. :(
 Left my debit card at home and am writing a check....weird.
 I can't believe how much I have changed this year. I finally feel like everything is falling into place & I'm right where I belong...for now
  Let me know. I'd love to make it to a game up there this season...but we'll see.
 Must be something in the water...  what she said. RT  je suis tres fatigue aujourd'hui
  STEPH!!! Are you coming down this summer?!
  it is just for the weekend we are doing the 5k! :)
 Seriously DONE dealing with people for the night.
 Got my room booked. Come down with me  :):)
 I'd give anything for my phone to work!!
 RIP little birdy...sorry that you flew out in front of me and I couldn't move out of the way fast enough. 
 Visiting Kevin gettin my hairrrrrr done
 The turtle is back! I was worried about him this winter. 
  Me too, and they had someone sign for it who isn't even in our directory. Like, really?
 Lesson learned: Even though  is cheaper always go with 
  Aww, that's so sad...:( It's momma's day...:(
 Financial aid dramaaaa ( Lucas Administration Center) 
  I said it on FB but here it is on here as well...happy birthday!! <3
 RT  RT  It sounds like  C Antoine Vermette will play for Canada tomorrow at worlds. He's been out with ...
 Working then getting my hair done....then time to do some more packing.
 This Haley girl can't sing a lick.
  nashville or knoxville...it is directly between the 2! :)
  girl, I think I found it...it is in Cookeville, TN!!!! :)
 Really?! It's so not ok to say I'm a bitch...and especially not twice in the same conversation when I did nothing wrong. 
  you're awesome!!! :)
  Thanks! :)
  June 1! 4 weeks from todayyyyy
  Okay, if you have a free night when you're here...let me know!
  haha alright...then it works I suppose. Are you going to help me move?! :)
  Congrats!! :) Will you be back here this summer at all?
  That'd be great...also, when did you change your twitter? that makes me sad...
 Does anyone know any piano movers in Cincy/Northern KY?
  Awesome. I'm hopin to move to Nashville...that's driving distance...we'll have to visit! :)
  We didn't even go. We'll def get together this summer. Where you goin in August?
 All I want is a southern boy with a tractor...Is that asking too much?!
 RT  He loves soft food, books with large print, and talking about the weather...everyone say Happy Birthday to old man,  ...
  I miss you, girl!
 :).....that's all
  thank ya dear :)
 I so wish I was with  at the game :( 
  Miranda is a lucky gal lol
  you need to get your fb back or get on skype or text me lol
  hope so! My step brother said he'd disown me if I move there...he is from Calgary lol
  doing well! Yea til December...probably will be up your way Jan or Feb
  yeah it really did. I need Blake Shelton in my life....
  crazy!!!!
  wooo! Awesome!!! Did you grad yet?
  I miss HLOG!!!!!
  are you still in Montreal?
  I noticed a long ago...it has taken this long for my heart to recover ;) took this for you lol 
  uhm, excuse me sir....did you delete your fb? I need to talk to you!!!!
  why you going to Knoxville? For Cotton Eyed Joe?
 Is it possible for this day to get any weirder?! Like what the hell?!!!??!?
  here is a hug for you my dear....
  hahaha. Wooooops!!!
  if you do make it to Knox let me know. I need to see you!!
 I feel when I get married I will have a relationship like Jordan and Dr. Cox...and I'm cool with that...
  I'm not finished til Dec!! :( but yea I am so ready!!!
  I do tooooo!!!
  whaaaa
  of July that is...
  You probably should come to Nashville on the 4th :)
 Just sent an email and used military time...then switched back to regular time...then back to military time.
 I woke up unbelievably happy this morning...you know...after my 45 minute nap...lol
 My darn phone needs to start cooperating...ASAP....dklfjdsklsfklksd
 RT  "As our poet Toby Keith said 'We'll put a boot in your ass, it's the American way.' We have now put a boot in Bin Laden' ...
 Listening to 'Coal Miner's Daughter'...LOVE Loretta Lynn
 Thinking about going down to the farm after this semester is over. Need some time to regroup.
  will do! Thanks Brian!
 So, when I'm on a hill the brake light comes on...that can't be good...
 I still have a crush on Stone Cold Steve Austin....
 I just unlocked the "Bravo Newbie" badge on  
 Woooo!!
 I'm at Times Square (Broadway & 7th Ave, btn 42nd & 47th, New York) w/ 11 others 
 I just unlocked the "JetSetter" badge on  
 I'm at Founder's Hall w/  
 Tornado warning!! ( Northern Kentucky University w/ 2 others) 
 My to do list is a mile long...nothing is quite like the last week of school!
 Little things...:) 
  probably not...it is with our fave teacher too.
 Uhm, little too many icons. 
 3.89 a gallon. Wooooooooo. ( BP Gas Station) 
 Don't worry. Momma made it home! ( Cincinnati / Northern Kentucky International Airport (CVG) ✈ w/ 7 others) 
 I just ousted Jeannie P. as the mayor of The Ridge-Hood on  
 Bye momma! ( Cincinnati / Northern Kentucky International Airport (CVG) ✈ w/ 5 others) 
 Because...why not?! ( Trader Joe's) 
 RT  RT  7 Realities of Social Media Mkt: 
 Aww  made Samantha a birthday cake!!  
 It is Sam's birthday we are going to celebrate by having Jimmy John's before class. Wooooo
 I need a nap.
  my mom wants you to take her shoe shopping for her wedding!! She wants you to take her to the ho sto! ;)
 I love Casey!!!!!! He is my hero!!!!!!! And he is MY American Idol. Regardless!!!!
 Best American Idol ever. I love me some Hulk Hogan!!!! 
 High of 43* today...30* colder than yesterday. Awesome.
 Making to do lists for packing...this is stressing me out!!
 I'm at Steely Library (NKU, Highland Heights) 
  I am now falling you...
 Okay, graduation forms are *actually* submitted now... ( Lucas Administration Center) 
  doing homework...I'm totally awesome. You?
  stalker ;) I miss you chica!
 Look  you're on a poster thing.  
 Blah. I have too much to do and not nearly enough time to do it. I need to learn to prioritize.
  thank you for your help! Great customer service!!
 RT  Bruins say Brad Marchand gets two games for elbowing  R.J. Umberger during Tuesday's game.
 So  didn't send me a survey to talk about my ridiculous flight home...guess they don't care that they ruined my plans.
 I just ousted Jason B. as the mayor of Cracker Barrel on  
 I miss this baby :( 
 Ahh, back at home. ( Steely Library) 
 FINALLY!!!!! ( Cincinnati / Northern Kentucky International Airport (CVG) ✈) 
 There is a Bengals player on my flight...unfortunately I don't know who he is.
 Dreaming of my bed...Delta owes me for this ridiculousness.
 Californiaaaaaaa, Californiaaaaaaaa, here I ammmmmmm ( Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) w/ 80 others) 
 So, my airplane almost ran into another plane as we were landing...I could have done without that knowledge...
  our flight got cancelled so we got stuck on a red eye from la to cvg :(
 This flight to LA is a mad house.
 Made it!!!!!!! ( Salt Lake City International Airport (SLC) ✈ w/ 18 others) 
 Adios Idaho!! ( Idaho Falls Regional Airport) 
 All packed and no place to go. Thanks Delta!! 
 I will miss this baby!! 
 Just saw an eagle.
 I'm not sure but I think people not from the family came and ate....there are too many of these people.
 I hope that no one doubts my baby skills after tonight. 
  I know that  is your hero...I just want the whole world to know it too ;) :P 
 I just unlocked the "Photogenic" badge on  
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Cafe Rio Mexican Grill on  
 I just unlocked the "Handmade Hero" badge on  
 I love this little girl!! :) 
 I'm at Shopko 
 Carrie is jealous. ( Cafe Rio Mexican Grill) 
 I'm at Idaho Falls Regional Airport w/  
  I am thinking I will be snowed in lol...
 Remember if you don't hear from me...I am in a snow storm...in Idaho 
 I'm at island park reservoir (3726 north hwy 20, island park) 
 It's going to be a great day!!! 
 Uhm, I am going to the cabin...if I don't make it out I am somewhere in Idaho...Island Park...
 I'm at Big Juds w/  
 Raegan's hair is awesome!!! 
 If I wasn't so exhausted I'd complain about my travels....perhaps tomorrow.
 I'm at Idaho Falls Regional Airport 
 Boooo. SLC Airport. BOOOOO
 I'm at Salt Lake City International Airport (SLC) ✈ (776 N Terminal Dr, Salt Lake City) w/ 19 others 
 I love this flight. Let's go!
 Wooooooo ( Cincinnati / Northern Kentucky International Airport (CVG) ✈ w/ 8 others) 
 I'm at X-Nails 
 I just ousted Jeannie P. as the mayor of Aunt Debbie's House on  
 Go Clones! ( US Bank Arena w/ 14 others) 
 I just ousted Jeannie P. as the mayor of The Ridge-Hood on  
 Josh R. Is killin me w/ this back and forth mayorship ( Steely Library) 
 I just ousted Josh R. as the mayor of Steely Library on  
 I just ousted Jeannie P. as the mayor of The Ridge-Hood on  
 I'm at Student Union (NKU, Highland Heights) 
 I just ousted Josh R. as the mayor of Steely Library on  
 I just ousted Jeannie P. as the mayor of The Ridge-Hood on  
 I just ousted Sean K. as the mayor of Landrum Hall on  
 Your “LIKE” = $1 for Breast/Ovarian Cancer  Get screened.  Pls RT  via 
 Really?! Ugh. Not a good Monday.  
 RT  RT  If you haven't seen 'I'm on the Clones' you should.   ... 
 I just ousted Josh R. as the mayor of Steely Library on  
 I'm at Landrum Hall (NKU, Highland Heights) 
 I'm at Steely Library (NKU, Highland Heights) 
 I just unlocked the "Century Club" badge on  
 RT  Dear  this is just about the most useless feature ever. 
  YEAA!!
 Congrats to my mom!! She just got engaged and she is going to the  game tonight!!
 Class w/ my friendsss ( Landrum Hall) 
 I'm at Kroger Marketplace (130 Pavilion Parkway, North Grand Avenue, Newport) w/ 4 others 
 I'm at Cincinnati / Northern Kentucky International Airport (CVG) ✈ (2939 Terminal Dr, at Donaldson Hwy, Hebron) 
 Happy 30th Birthday  :)
 Jersey Shore Thursdayyyy!!!! ( La Casa de Carrie) 
 Chloe just puked all over me.
 Hugs from my niece make everything better!! 
 I'm at Founder's Hall w/  
 Work :) ( Steely Library) 
 Love when people talk about their team and say we! :)
 I'm at Landrum Hall w/  
 Campus looks so pretty today! :)
 I don't think I'm going to make it through this class any longer.
 I'm at Founder's Hall (Northern Kentucky University, Highland Heights) 
 Rhetorical Theories ( Landrum Hall) 
 I'm at Steely Library (NKU, Highland Heights) 
 RT  I get more playing time then the 2 none existent members of black eye peas. They need to start a fight. 
 RT  I keep hoping Kayne West comes out and interrupts. 
 Oh. My. Gawwwwwwwwwd. <3
 Why do they hate Fergie? Her mic is all kinds of jacked up.
 Pretty sure Xtina messed up the National Anthem...
 Go Packers ( Super Bowl Sunday) 
 I just unlocked the "Packers Super Bowl" badge on  
 I can't check into Super Bowl Sunday :(
 I just unlocked the "Barista" badge on  
 I'm at American Eagle (Florence Mall, Florence) 
 I just ousted Josh R. as the mayor of Steely Library on  
 I just unlocked the "Zoetrope" badge on  
 Jerseyyyy Shoree w/ Carrie ( La Casa de Carrie) 
 It is my Friday for work :) ( Steely Library w/ 2 others) 
 I got stuck in the bathroom at school. This time  wasn't there to save me!!!!!
 Work work work ( Steely Library) 
 Advanced public speaking. ( Landrum Hall w/  
 Hangin with Sam! ( Applebee's Neighborhood Grill) 
  I missed your face! We must hang out soon!
 I'm at Founder's Hall (Northern Kentucky University, Highland Heights) w/ 2 others 
 Rhetorical Theories!! ( Landrum Hall) 
 Work ( Steely Library) 
 I just ousted Josh R. as the mayor of Steely Library on  
 Love the Chloe!! :) 
 Mani/Pedi w/ Carrie :) ( Lovely Nails) 
 With Em! ( La Casa de Carrie) 
  BOOOOOOO!!
  hey love...whatcha doin first week of March? :)
 I love my Chloe girl!! :)
 Keep getting more and more confirmation that this is what I need to do. MY happiness depends on it...
 Woooot. Woooooooot! ( Steely Library) 
 Jersey Shore, biatch!!! ( La Casa de Carrie) 
 I just became the mayor of La Casa de Carrie on  
 I just ousted Alex D. as the mayor of Landrum Hall on  
 Please say a prayer for my new niece. She has a fever...
  haha yea I know. We get a break until September. That's when the next one is due!
  haha it's lookin like it will be Raegan! :)
 New niece. No named.  
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Saint Thomas School on  
 Droppin momma off ( Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport (CVG) ✈) 
 I'm at Landrum Hall (NKU, Highland Heights) 
 I'm at Steely Library (NKU, Highland Heights) 
  having fun in NYC?
  oh I'm excited. Call me if you need a ride. :)
 Workkk ( Steely Library) 
 I just ousted Josh R. as the mayor of Steely Library on  
 Woot! Woot! ( Snowmageddon Cincinnati w/  
 French Culture and French Comp :) ( Landrum Hall w/ 3 others) 
 French Lit :) ( Founder's Hall w/  
 Please don't play with your retainer at school. 
 French classes! ( Landrum Hall w/ 3 others) 
 French classssses ( Landrum Hall w/ 2 others) 
 Love the Chloe!!  
 Hi little girl!!!! 
 She is here and I am in love!!!!
 Pushing is starting!!!! Asjfdhbdjdfjshsdvgdhjdf 
 10 cm!!!! Pushing in 15 minutes!!!
 6 cm dialted now  the room is set up...
 Time for an epidural 
 Waiting on Chloe!!! ( St Elizabeth hospital) 
 Wooo. Breaking the water!!!!
 Tomorrow baby Chloe will *hopefully* make an appearance!!! :)
 Time to read...I swear these French classes are going to be the death of me.
 I'm at Kelley's House (Goshen Road, Goshen) 
 Pickin up movies! ( Blockbuster Video) 
 Play date!! ( Recreations Outlet) 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Recreations Outlet on  
 I just had to put my child locks on in my car. My babies are growing up!!
 Droppin Kelley's car off! ( Monro Tires) 
 Runnin some errands with the bfffff then home to do some French homework.
 I'm at Kroger Marketplace (130 Pavilion Parkway, North Grand Avenue, Newport) w/ 4 others 
 Back to work I go! ( Steely Library) 
 Rhetorical Theories!!! :) ( Landrum Hall w/ 2 others) 
 Work, work, work and 1 class!! :) ( Steely Library) 
 Saying a prayer for Gisele, my favorite professor!. She's having hip replacement surgery today.
