 DJing in the 360i room. Come hang, we're blasting soul music.  ♫♪   (  room)
 Get it! RT  Get your morning music from a few of my co-workers DJing on Turntable fm  (360i  room)
 I'm at 360i w/      
 Great times, as per usual. RT  Sunday evening in Williamsburg with 
 I'm at Blackbird Parlour (197 Bedford Avenue, N 6th St, Brooklyn) w/ 2 others 
 Marc Broussard  BK Bowl   Brooklyn Bowl 
  I think everyone just secretly wants to be Cuban. Just sayin. 
  haha my life is a mix of twists and turns :)
  amazing. Netflix made my morning haha
  so so good. I still remember watching the first episode when I was a kid.
 Cold beer to cool off. Join me! ( Harefield Road w/ 4 others) 
 Nothin better than getting you hair cut with Spanish being spoken around me a mile a minute.  
 Lunch w/  and some post-HP talk ( La Bella's w/  
 Harry Potter. Duh. ( AMC Loews Kips Bay 15 w/  
 I just unlocked the "Harry Potter" badge on  
  haha i just started Season 1. Man, does that bring back memories!
 Totally watching the old Fox Saturday morning "X-Men" cartoon while I get ready. Netflix streaming is awesome.  
  Excellent. See you in a few!
  when i hit up DC in August, the club won't know what hit them. Biggie and Jay-Z are reuniting.
   don't be jealous ;)
  What's my name?
  ooh sounds great to me, man. Will do!
  hahah i'm resting up for tomorrow ;) we're still good, yeah?
 Bushmills + criminal minds = good Friday night 
 Holy crap it's hot!! ( El Palacio De Gabriel) 
  not yet, somethig was wrong with the shipping addy. Hopefully early next week! You?
   hope you get to go Josh, she's awesome live!
   haha that may have been the last time I went there. Good times!
  jump on this RT  Want to be on my list 4 the Chicago show tonight!? I am gifting tickets to the first who respond!
  haha thank you, sir. You are both a scholar and a gentleman.
  right? *kanye shrug*  hahah
  Imagine what JLo had to go through. 
 Obviously, I need to step up my game. RT  “ nick wooster gets his own column.  ”
 RT  35! That's how many new job opps we have  offices across the country > Apply here:  
 TGIF ( 360i w/        
 Agreed. It's fantastic. RT  Social Network score is still my go-to for "get shit done" tunage
  those Isaia shots are marvelous.
  you still at work?
 Picked up my guitar for the first time in months. What do I play? Howie Day's "Collide" - Man, old college habits die hard 
  there are a few more circling around there, too haha Let's see how powerful the interwebs is! :)
  ha! *blushing*
  Five Guys is sooo good.
      sounds great! I'm gonna do my best to make it, definitely.
 haha this made me snort :) RT  Pants were a horrible choice today.
   looking forward to hanging out!
  so so good - My head is on a very productive swivel.
  - I just got two screens at work and I was more excited than a 5 year old on Christmas morning.
  btw - we gotta grab a drink in the burg soon and catch up. The run in on saturday was too short lived!
  haha 
  truf - but the initial voting process is via academy, so labels will be labels. (just like the grammies, etc.)
  the only one that surprises me is Tyler, the Creator. Feels more like an  type of thing.
 Kinda glad the  love is kinda spread out this yr. Yes,  got 9 noms but the field is pretty wide open. Hoping for a great show!
 It's almost Friday. Rejoice! ( 360i w/     
  Awesome! So glad you like it. I got a chance to meet w/ the folks from  and I was definitely impressed. Cheers!
 Right?! I mean, c'mon!! RT  HOW is it 5PM already 
    520s were the slouch skinny right? I had those and loved them. These were a new fit.
    haha who knows. I tried one of their tapered fits and I couldn't get it past my knees.
  I do have a paid acct on Rdio - not gonna bother w/ paying 4 Spotify. I'm about music discovery,  fits my interests more.
 Agreed! RT  RIP white MacBook.  And NO, an 11" Mac Air is not a good enough option to take it's $999 place 
 ♫ Listening to "Live in France" by Rodrigo y Gabriela on  
  Meaning you're over Spotify/Rdio?
   yep - I got their email about it today. I think I may have to stop in-store this weekend.
  Totally. Seems similar to the 522s (or was it 520s?) - The slouchy slim jean.
  kinda sorta. hahah
 Anyone have any intel on the Levi's 513?? 
  Garrison, great lefty.
 ♫ Listening to "Money" by Dj Khaled on   
  you bought an air or a pro? I'm going to be in the market for a new computer very very soon.
  haha unfortunately not.
  Funny part is, I remember thinking Garrison was overrated back in HS haha Whoops.
  right?? Great memories resurface of yesteryear
   Don't get lazy, ladies. I'm hot on your tails...just one day away...
  Garrison. Played against him when he played for Hun and the Ewing Twp. teams.
 Just found out one of the dudes I used to play baseball against back in the day got called up to the Yankees. Dopeness.
  ( 360i w/      
 RT  Seriously,  's blog is turning into a serious  destination - 
  more like a big duffel bag to sneak in the 30s of beer.
 Meeting a couple potential roomies tonight. I feel like I'm starting freshman year all over again. Where're my parents w/ the mini fridge!?
  how about.... "mur-decked"? Get it?! No? Just me?
 haha Sure no problem, we're hiring! RT   can I please have a job in your office? Anything? No?
 Day = made, thanks to  for stopping by  and treating us to amazing ice cream!
 Going through as many DVDs as possible before i switch to only 1/month on  
  Wilmer Valderrama should play the kid who has "heart" 
 Theophilus London + Holly Miranda = Awesomeness. Diggin' the new album so far, 
  in development - 
 Hold up. They're making a live-action CAPTAIN PLANET MOVIE?!?!
        Take a video in slo-mo *insert explosions*
       Good times last night, gentlemen. Always a pleasure.
 Nice! RT    So the 2011 WWC Finals was ESPN’s most-viewed & highest-rated soccer match (men's or women's). EVER
  I'm right on your tail...just one day from becoming mayor...be afraid...be very afraid :)
 Hangin w/ the boys and some exceptional ladies. ( SoHo Grand Hotel Club Room) 
 RT  'Difference btwn men/women? I think men want 2 show u their oldest clothes/women want 2 show u their newest'  Scott Schumann
         down the block from me, i'm there.
  I specifically asked for mid-to-late 20s and established careers. So, college kids. Though I did get a few grad students.
         I'm trying not to be lame tonight.
  Little do they know... haha I just always forget how powerful craigslist can be.
 Man, i can't believe how quickly (and how many) responses I've already gotten to my craigslist posting for a roommate. Craziness.
 Apparently,  is in our bldg. today. I think she should stop by the 6th floor, so we can duet on "Bad Romance."  
  tell me about it.
 “I mean, Justin Bieber has 9 million followers on Twitter. I only have 5,000....That helps me stay humble.”  via 
 Been slacking with the  festivities this go-around. Hope to see you all tonight, though!
 The new Incubus album is choice this Monday morning. Perfectly soothing and yet empowering (from a do work aspect). 
  Age = wisdom. Or something. hahah Hope it's a great week!
  "Promises, Promises" by Incubus ♫ 
 Are social networking "wars" the new arms race? 
  ah, well being up early on Monday is a badge of dedication! Wear it proudly. And work for the weekend ;) 
  wha? why so sad??
 Starting the week so hard. ( 360i) 
 Exactly! RT   Agreed.  The "wellll, they needed it" needs to stop.
  thats not the context I'm talking about.
 Also, it bothers me when people say "Japan deserves it.' They were the better team today, plain and simple. Don't attribute it to tragedy.
 So...why wasn't Alex Morgan one of the PK takers? Anyone? Bueller?
 Congrats to Japan, but that was USA's game to lose. Too many missed opportunities. Such a shame. But again, Japan has a great side, cheers!
 GOAAALLL!!!! What a shot by Alex Morgan!!  
 what a shot by Abby Wambach! Unlucky, but US needs to finish to make a statement in this first half.
 Truth. RT  Possession. No turnovers in back third. Keys to victory in every game at every level. 
 Let's go USA!  
 Go USA!!!  ( El Palacio De Gabriel) 
 Moat bagels!! ( Bagel Store) 
 Dance time!! ( K & M) 
 Oh yeah. ( The Whiskey Brooklyn w/ 6 others) 
 I'm at The Diamond Bar (43 Franklin St., Calyer St., Brooklyn) w/ 6 others 
  haha we definitely are.
   Williamsburg. Bedford area. Swing by.
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Vera Cruz on  
 I'm at Vera Cruz (195 Bedford Ave, N 6th and 7th St, Brooklyn) 
  absolutely. Come hang if ur around!!
 RT  Tonight me and  are Jay-Z and Biggie 
 I'm at El Almacen (557 Driggs Ave, btw 6th and 7th, Brooklyn) 
 The Graham ave. Tour continues... Cc:  ( The Richardson) 
       let's do dinner/drinks tonight. Eataly sounds great
 Margavezas w/  ( Daddy's) 
     you guys around tonight?
 Most productive Saturday I've had in awhile. Cleaned the apartment, just in time for  arrival. Time to have a little fun now
   get your ass to Williamsburg. We'll do some day drankin'.
 Jay-Z "unplugged" is blasting, windows are wide open. Summer in Brooklyn - that's how I do. ( El Palacio De Gabriel) 
 It's Saturday morning. Bagels are a must. ( Bagel Store) 
 Guava margaritas!!! ( La Superior) 
 Nachos and Margs with  Much needed. ( Vera Cruz) 
  I say  - I genuinely love it for music discovery.
    it didn't seem like working cuffs. I'm hoping I can shorten the sleeves and take the body in a bit.
    DAMMIT Eddie. Why you gotta ruin my high like that?
    A men! I hope its not too long, heard you told Paul they run kinda long?
  ooo I like that one. Jealous. I grabbed the beige one. Figured it's useful now and in the early Fall
 Join the club. RT  I need 300 or so beers.
  what'd you get??
    - size 38 if you're interested.
  That I did sir! Came out to $160 after taxes. Perfect-o. Hope it fits!
   Yessir. I used the promo code for dreambox. got 10% off.
 Boglioli for under $150? Fine. You win this time Yoox. I feel like I just got into the Cool Menswear Blogger's Club.
  dude when you posted it was $140!! Now its $165.
  haha I think I may buy one. (the one i just posted to tumblr).
 Someone please go on Yoox and buy all the Boglioli blazers in size 38 so they don't tempt me any more. Thanks.
  I do what I can haha NYC won't know what hit it! Looking forward to it :)
  Well, I just got owned w/ that response hahah Well played, my dear, well played.
  You're having a helluva time these last couple weeks. Can we switch places please?! ;)
 CALLING ALL MY NYC STYLE BLOGGERS (and those in town): We're partying tomorrow night. Just a forewarning. Debauchery ensues.
  that hash tag makes me think of the seminal ABC sitcom "Dharma & Greg"
 RT  It's  & we're rocking out on  & looking for new talent to join  > 
 Thx! RT  Bloggerific people        
 RT        
  *apparently good. My mind is muddled by quarterly reports. Do some field research and let me know what you think haha
   You guys will be right on time for Saturday night fun times. Game on.
  Really?! Bah. There are some other honey whiskys that are apparently. Evan Williams has a good one.
 Got my first ad on  already mid-album from  +1 to  Let the games begin.
 Get 'er done! ( 360i w/     
  Try their American Honey. Not nearly as disgusting. Goes great w/ Green Tea.
  working as per usual. Shouldn't be a late night. What do you have in mind?
 "starting" the night w/  &  ( Alligator Lounge w/ 7 others) 
 What up  ( MCU Park w/    
 I'm at Peggy O'Neill's (1904 Surf Ave,  st, brooklyn) 
   we'll pour one out for you. And by pour out, I mean drink another 
  Never not saying yes to that. Keep me posted.
  haha well nicely done! We gotta catch up, btw. You around this weekend?
  Word. The clothes look great, don't get me wrong. Those dubs are just awesome. McNairy styled it right?
  So is he selling those taupe suede double monks? They're incredible.
  you got it man, did you check klout.com? Your Klout perks?
  aand I just checked. I've got no invites. Sorry dude.
  I'll try. I'm not a paying customer, on a trial premium acct. I'll let you know.
 It's really weird being on Spotify and not being inundated with music I can't understand. Now I can actually see if this works.
  RT   RT  Can Rdio Withstand The Spotify Assault? A Feature-By-Feature Look 
 Its almost Friday Friday Friday ( 360i w/     
 I'm at Tribeca Tavern (247 W Broadway, at Walker, New York) w/ 2 others 
 haha the nerd in me needs to RT this RT  !!!! RT  Dante organized people he knew into circles, too.
   - that's the actual video. Robert Hoffman is a genius. hahah
  aww thanks darlin' :)
  wonderful! I'll absolutely see you :)
  Thanks Christine!  to  for taking the picture. He made me look cool haha
 RT   Day 2: New photo,  in white/peacoat Nylites changing it up w/ bright orange laces! 
 Wednesday already?! ( 360i w/       
 Damn, LAS. You're getting famous-er. RT  SHOT TO DEF: L.A.S.  
    hahah Nothing I couldn't handle.
  Will do! Let's shoot for next week :) I'll let ya know.
  haha well played, sir.
  Chopin's "Nocturne  in Dflat" to calm my ass down.
  have to admit though, it felt good getting fired up like that for all of 3 minutes haha
  So over it. Has the dude not seen my tumblr?! I wear bright ass shit all the time. And I'm afraid? Please.
  Dudes lucky I'm at work. That's all I'll say. Otherwise he would have gotten an essay on sociology.
 Whoops. Shit just got real on tumblr.
  well deserved :) And I owe you a bday drink. I won't take no for answer.
   haha i definitely don't. Just making the observation. I like riling people up on Tumblr.
   haha it was the whole "masculine style" bit. I think some peeps thought I was being "close-minded."
  Word! People misconstrued what I was saying, but such is the interwebs.
  Thanks for featuring the picture, guys.  is quite the photog.
 RT  Tretorn's Nylite project is now live - 
  Do it.
  Bah. I need more Eva Green in my life.
  sounds great - i'm curbing my drinking too, so we're in the same boat. Next week I'm fairly open in the evenings.
  It's streaming on Netflix if you have the service. Catch up and we can talk about it! When is wine/cheese happening!?
  Oh, indeed! I hadn't seen Claire Forlani in something for so long. She's wonderful. Fiennes is also quite impressive.
  I'm assuming so...Joseph Fiennes is in it...but obviously everyone speaks in a Brit accent. Very good though, I love it.
 Recently started watching Camelot on Netflix. Anyone else like that show? Because Eva Green is incredible in it.
  toodledo works pretty well (iPhone).
  whoa.
   I've got to agree. I sincerely regret never living abroad in college. Life goes by faster as you get older.
 I'm making this week "Bruce Springsteen Week." After a wknd in Jersey, it's time I brush up on the Boss's discography. Who's in?  
 For fans of Florence and the Machine, really good! ♫  
 I'm at 360i (32 Avenue of the Americas, New York) 
 Back to the grind after an awesome weekend...so much coffee will be consumed today, it's not even funny. 
 Playoffs! ( Wiffle Ball World Series) 
 I just became the mayor of Wiffle Ball World Series on  
 It's the best weekend of the year! ( Wiffle Ball World Series) [pic]: 
  "Turpentine (Live)" by Brandi Carlile ♫ 
 Jersey-bound for the annual wiffle ball tourney! ( New York Penn Station w/ 126 others) 
      Says the guy copying a VH1 show.
  i HATE that.
      My Super Steeze 16 
      instead of Unplugged, we have Undressed (but not the MTV version).
      Extreme Makeover - GTH edition
      hahah I can already see the Primetime block....
      I would come up with a far better name than "menswear.tv" 
 Didnt need to know, but glad I do. RT  The word 'testify' derived from a time when men were required 2 swear on their testicles
  haha well the invite has been sent!
  DM me your email.
  Right back atcha ;)
  that i do. DM me your email.
  done and done. I'll let you know if I have any breakthroughs haha
 ...and I'm on Google+. Woo.
 RT  We’re all about connecting brands & people. Are you? Our latest job opps are here >  
   Ugh. Me too. I have a Wiffle Ball tourney this wknd, then its in-shape time!
 OH  "I've never fallen in love with a gay man before"
 RT  Starting today:  +  Present – The 1000 Mile Boot Giveaway 
  Interesting. I actually think you just walked by me. haha Were you with Kyle?
  so, it's just letting me "learn" about google+. Boo. Looks like they've locked the site for now.
  no worries man, thanks for checking!
  done and done - thank you!
  that does look pretty damn cool.
 Awesome new iPhone app for business cards and sharing contacts, sign up for the beta at cardflick.co  via 
  rather, it's *not open to everyone. Just trying to get an invite for the queue.
  it's open to everyone. It's been maxed out capacity wise.
  Check your DMs, thanks RG!
 Meeting w/ the crazy good  community mgmt team! ( 360i Main A) 
 Oy,  - Anyone have a google+ invite they'd like to share with me? I'll trade you a google voice invite haha
 Trivia!! ( SideBAR w/  
   hahah YES. "Hitch" was a great movie.
   oooh I like where your heads at. I feel better about myself now. haha
   Wouldn't you say single people are the ones waiting for something better?   
  I had a "DASSITT" moment and I turned around to look for you :(
 Interesting theory RT  Relationships are for people who are just waiting for something better to come along.
    to be fair the only rule I abide by is  - No excuses, play like a champion.
    hahah Well played, sir.
   where the hell are you finding this rubbish?! hahah that top hat piece is hilarious
        I'm there (I hope)
 Wow. 22 shots, 6 on goal, 1 tally for the  You gotta think they're just gonna explode soon right? Right?
  Preach, brother, preach!!
 Get it. ( 360i w/      
  such a good show tonight!
  otherwise known as "watching my DVRed episode of White Collar"
  hahah blame 
  Oh God. Just stop. hahah ;)
  the worst right? *sigh*
 Seriously, my friends need to stop getting engaged. I'm super happy for them, but c'mon! 
  hahah i'm sure it looks as dope as all the others!
  the boater? Naw, not yet. Feels a bit unnecessary unless i have somewhere to where it haha
  hahah worrrrd
  haha do it up, sir! Let me know if you pick one up, love their hats. Their stores are like Xmas come early for hat lovers.
  Thanks man!  is the shiz. The hat is from  a shop in Annapolis, MD.
  RT   Sometimes I fear that the rise of blogging/social media doesn't lead to more writing, but more advertising.
  True - though I'd like to think eventually the fluff gets weeded out. Time will tell, I suppose.
  haha agreed! But it provides a gateway and at the end of the day, that's what most of us have done.
  not democratized the industry, democratized the medium (writing)
 An issue that needs to be resolved. RT  No Latinas on Most influential NY women list? 
 Ha! RT  The only post-barbecue workout a man needs: Keep sucking it in.
 Lots of talk this morning re: democratization of menswear writing medium (blogging, etc.). Has this occurred elsewhere w/ as much success?
 I can attest 2 their quality! RT  The Perfect Summer Undershirt: Thin, cool & sturdy enough 2 wear on its own. 
  Well, I promise I showered this morning. 
 I'm at 360i w/    
 Doing my best golf pro impression today. Whoops.
 I just unlocked the "Epic Swarm" badge on  
 Not at the Hudson, but the view is just as good from the 'Burg! ( Macy's 4th of July Fireworks w/  
 I just unlocked the "Macy's Fireworks 2011" badge on  
 If i added up all the seconds I've had to wait for my computer to "un-freeze" I would have finished my work about 2.5 hours ago. 
   it's about 4 hours by bus. Speaking of which, CB i'm in VA on August 12th. Drinks, homie.
 Could listen to this song over and over... ♫ Listening to "Shake Senora" by Pitbull on  
 Doing some work in actual AC. ( Variety) 
 Literally getting sick to my stomach watching Joey Chestnut. God, I love Amurrica.
 Love this place. ( The Richardson w/ 2 others) 
  ha nope! I was going to take it to get fixed today and I realized it was gone :(
 So, I'm officially a Brooklynite - jut realized my bike (and diesel lock) were stolen/removed/trashed.
 Traffic update in Manhattan - shit ain't moving. It's been one hour+ in a car and I'm not out of the city yet.
  Looks great to me, definitely math I can get behind. Cheers!
 RT   Our formula SM x PA + ALH = RCE (social media x personal attention + a little humor = rad customer experience)
 RT   to  for creating a social music experience with collaborative playlists  
  Cobra Starship - "You Make Me Feel... (feat. Sabi)" 
 "Now go. Stop. Drop. Paaaawwwwse."  Yup, still playing 
 RT   to  for helping me every step of the way—that girl knows what she's talking about when it comes to C ...
 Big  to  for helping to make  one of the most social brands out there. Killin' it bud!
  A men. Dale! (translation: let's go!)
  to  for getting me through a day of content creation. Can't. Stop. Dancing.  "Shake Señora"
  to     for utilizing SM to connect with their consumers and delivering gr8 service
  its a music service a la rhapsody/spotify/etc. but I think its the best option out there right now. Rdio.com - check it out.
  to  for providing an affordable music subscription service that doesn't feel like I'm getting ripped off. Love it!
 The power of Social Media brought us together and we've been able to create crazy off-line relationships. Cheers to all of you!
 I'm giving  to all my Style heads -      
  ha not yet man, its 2 months away! I'll start thinking about it late July/early August.
 Just hangin ( Revival w/  
 Tonight only reaffirms why  is the man. Great night hanging out with a stand up dude. Big things, people, big things.
 RT  can't wait for   tomorrow - looking forward to giving so many   
 RT  Myspace Acquired, CEO Out: Email From Mike Jones To Employees  by 
 Looks like Wordpress. Blech. RT  Yo tambien. RT  sorry google, but no me gusta your new black home bar...
 The new Mission Impossible movie looks pretty awesome, not gonna lie.
      anyone check out Big Sean's new joint yet?
     I went from Forward to Stopper to Right Wing
     played basketball competitively til frosh yr HS. My 'rents said no to 3 HS sports.
     I just got hurt - back/knees...not to mention I stopped growing.
     in my heyday, I was playing baseball 8 months/year. Try getting jammed in sub50 temps
     Baseball is my sport if we're talking expertise/experience. Soccer is a close 
     Revenue models don't affect play, just numbers in the seats.
    Maybe straight 2 AAA, but some go to Spring Training and get a spot. Baseball is life in the Caribbean.
 RT  Clip this! A  Playbook for  Brands on Digital Coupons > Download your free copy 
    Also - baseball is boring to watch lets face it. Why watch teams you dont have a connection to?
    mm not entirely the case - you have 18-20yr olds making huge impact. See: Dominican players.
  but at least u dont have to re-reach into ur pocket. Im just glad Im not the only one who's ridin' dirty when he gets happy
  that GIF re: the paycheck is hilarious.
 Get big. ( New York Sports Club w/ 8 others) 
  unfortunately,4 stockier gents the issue is room in the seat/thigh. Fuller cuts need 2 be tapered, etc 
 The ability that classical music has, currently Chopin piano concertos, to move me to the core is startling.
  I feel like that's an easy fix. Short and stocky is far harder to shop for when it comes to pants. (CC 
  I'm still not convinced. Plus I need friends on there to make it worthwhile.
 Fooled around w/ it today. Like it so far! RT  Paste Magazine Launches Paid Online Publication, mPlayer 
  its not even that good...
 DASSIITT RT  "did you eva meet anybody that has enough charisma as me?"
  I mean, I guess... ;)
  Yeah and? It's a Friday night. Just come.
         Save 9/2 - Early Bday party
  that looks great Skip!!
  Depends on the demo, but may have too high a barrier to entry.
  Thursday night right? I plan on being there at some point, yes :) You?
 I'm at Tribeca Park Deli (1 Walker St., 6th Ave., New York) 
    Have a pair of trousers that are more natural waisted (longer crotch). I couldnt wear the shirt untucked
    I was dumbfounded when the sleeves were long and the shirt almost too short. Wha??
   I kinda had the same thing with mine (sz. S). They come untucked a bit, but left out they're the perfect length.
   hahaha *blushing*
   Dont worry. I'll make sure we have a "social gathering" :)
   Consider it done, homie. Mi casa es su casa.
 Breaking out my brand spankin' new  white bucks. Can't wait to scuff the crap out of 'em.
  But that's the cutest hipster puppy evvverrrr
  do it.
 I'm always on to the next, on on to the next one.
 I swear to God I'm worse with projects than Jack White.
 Thank you  for posting this video - Mr. Big "To Be With You" -  
  I will definitely be in touch then, sir. Have fun in the UK!!
  So. So. Jealous. You thinking about hittin' up the US Open?? We should get a bunch of us to go!
 I'm at Tribeca Park Deli (1 Walker St., 6th Ave., New York) 
   September.
   If you're here for the 8th/9th I'll be celebrating my birthday. 
 Enjoying some great beers with the old man and my cousin. ( Dogfish Head Alehouse w/ 4 others) 
 "Let's show them why they call me Mr. Worldwide" 
 Just a few hours of work then road trippin' to VA with my cousin. ( 360i w/    
     Thank you all kindly :) Much appreciated.
 Justin timberlake is making an appearance ( Sing Sing Karaoke) 
    oh just doing a favor for a friend. She's a bit busty and can't find a good fitting gingham.
    Ladies need your help - Where can a lady find a navy gingham women's BD shirt?
  Not this weekend, but let's go shopping/have coffee/take pictures next week!?
  dude. I've been on Karmin for awhile now. They're dope as hell.
    Just keep me posted. I should be around.
    Yezzir. Though, other nights can be arranged as well.
 Quick drinks w/ the crew ( Toad Hall) 
  WAH
 Why do you get to be Kenny?! RT   and I.. Obvi I'm in the grey hiding my hair.  
  
  So, to make it cross-platform official. Happy Birthday dude!!
 RT  Thx  for bringing 250 scoops to   (cc  
  would you like some cheese with that whine... ;) 
 This is what happens when you eat your  too quick -  (thx 
 visual.ly is launching soon and I'm one of the first in line! Join me.   via 
 RT  RT  Tweet swarm! Thanks for all the invites to  * enjoy the ice cream! cc: 
  my buddy just said, "the exceptional must be willing to teach and help others grow." I'd say that's a pretty good recipe.
  You need a balance of great, forward thinking leaders and employees willing to learn and work together for a common goal.
 Usher is making me dance at my desk again.  OH OH OHOH OHOH OH OH OH OH
   
  That's not what the article is saying. Do you want a company of just greats or really goods that work great together?
 Great People Are Overrated - Bill Taylor - Harvard Business Review:  via 
 I need sugar. Specifically, the sugar in  Help us pull through our afternoon at   
   hahahaha Well done, Jes.
  Nice! Yeah, music was my first passion. Now I've turned to men's style/fashion.
   Hey, I was a music blogger first and foremost.
  Don't act like you're not impressed.
 Seriously. RT    i got a fever and the only prescription is more ice cream at   
  I just dropped some ill music knowledge for your mixtape.
  it would have been cooler if you were talking about the Beach Boys. Or at least a Yankee baseball player.
   Just not Friday (8/11)! I'm leaving for DC that evening.
  we've just recently gotten to know each other.  is an all-star in the making isn't she?
       I'm in. Let me know if you need the menswear blogger contingent too ;)
  haha play some 5/4 and then we can talk, son!
 oooh dude, I loved playing 6/8. RT  use more 6/8 in music. use more tritone in music.
 Me and  are getting mad gully on  right now.
 Bow bow bow RT  virtual gangster pool party going on here:  
   Oh shush you...how was I supposed to know?! :)
 WOW. Yes, please! RT  We've launched our PERFECTO BRAND website! 
  haha I'm in the 360i room -  - his name is nico sauve. So i just assumed.
 I really hope  is in my  DJ room. Otherwise, I just dared a complete stranger to play MC Hammer.
  such a great show
   Oh yeah?? - 
    BRING. IT.
   hahah wellll played.
   It's ok, you can say Beyonce ;)
   "Down for Whatever" may be one of my faves on the album.
 Not gonna lie, really really diggin' Kelly Rowland's new album. Some great beats/songs on there.  Right, 
 ♫ Listening to "Feelin Me Right Now" by Kelly Rowland on   
  haha right?? They just jelly of all our fashunz.
 "double monkstraps have become the holy grail for all these highly original tumblrs" Sarcasm much,  
 Texting w/ The Rock = AWESOME RT  The fact that  uses hashtags in his text messages shows how much he's embraced twitter
  i'm extremely happy with 
 It's gonna be a Good day, I can feel it! ( 360i w/     
