 Thanks  for the  alongside       
  Yeah, I didn't think anyone would be able to top Tennant but Smith is just incredible! - scott
 Listening to new Noel Gallagher single on  - gosh, it's good! - Scott
  Thanks a lot! I just want to get it out there but I keep telling myself that patience is a virtue! - scott
  You bet I will - in exchange for a  review! - Scott
  Thanks for the well wishes! Plans for the weekend? Any shows coming up? - Scott
 RT  Wenger expects any business to be done "sooner rather than later". 
 Just pre-ordered the new Julian Barnes novel, 'The Sense of An Ending'. Any other fans out there? - Scott 
  Enjoy! I suspect they'll be really good - let me know! - Scott
 Working on lyrics and vocal melody for most recent track for the album - it's all coming together. This is my fav track so far - Scott
  Welcome back - hope your travels went well. Thanks for the tweet! - scott
  Good morning to you too - more time in Cote D'Azur this weekend? - Scott
  No I haven't actually - good live, I'm guessing?
  Yeah, I can see that - the earlier films contained more magic and school life, which I missed in the later ones. - scott
  Fantastic - see you there! Safe flying... - Scott
  Brilliant, isn't it? I knew it wouldn't let you down! - scott
  Good idea - covering your tracks!
 One final  goes out to  
            
 Tomorrow, July 30,  and  at  LA Coliseum. 2 of the greatest live bands on the planet on the same bill.
 Welcome    - thanks for following us!
             
           
            
            
            
            
           
            
              
             
  Thanks for the  
  Thanks for the  and alongside such wonderful folk.
  Absolutely brilliant, isn't it? The unreleased tracks were incredible too. Radiant is a great word choice. - Scott 
  Thanks a lot - I think you're going like it a lot! 
  Absolutely - none better than Noel Fielding!! - Scott
  Unfortunately it was well sold out days beforehand! - no chance.  Eager for the new season coming soon apparently. 
  Would gladly trade with you to be in the French Riviera! - Scott
 RT  9.  
  Hey Mel, thanks for the support and talking it up as always. (New Twitter profile name too, eh?)
  Definitely - thanks for the enthusiasm. Hoping to post some new videos and audio very shortly. Hope you're doing well.
  Congratulations! Here's to your new freedom. - Scott
 Just solidified concepts & visuals for 'This Clouded View' music video - so excited - it's going to look amazing. Coming soon! - Scott
  No, but pinching my skin not to! Incredible film, possible the best one, I think. You? - Scott 
 Here's hoping, huh?  hint at full tour after success of 'surprise' Glastonbury set  via 
  Thanks for RT'ing the post from 
  Excellent choice, yet again Thiago!
 Let the pandemonium begin! Matt Smith (The Doctor) and Karen Gillan (Amy Pond) will be at  in Hollywood at 7pm tonight! - Scott
  I say we trade places!
  Actually, I really dig it - especially perfect for the weather - thanks for sharing the sampler!
  Hey, which album?
 Listening to  it's 8:17am, the skies are blue, the sun is shining, and all is right in this moment, here in Santa Monica. - Scott
  Indeed!
  Definitely - the guy can write a great song can't he?! - Scott
  Thanks for the shout out and for your words - much appreciated!!
  Exactly - and nostalgia aside, it's timeless stuff and as relevant as it was a decade ago!
 The new single from Noel Gallagher is really quite brilliant, imo.Thoughts? - Scott  
  Fingers crossed for you. Here's their set from Friday: 
  Definitely not - a great way of finding out your next book! - Scott
  Going to lie low for the rest of summer, I'd say but planning to travel a lot next year! You've been here before, right? - Scott
 Ideas are forming with the director for our music video for 'This Clouded View' - looking forward to sharing it - Scott
  Glad you agree! Hope you get a chance to see them too!
  Definitely - Soundgarden was incredible - such nostalgia & they recreated the spirit & vibe. Yes, LA Rising this week - you?
  To be honest, I think you guys have it just as good! It's different but we always get the surprise guests etc & surprise shows.
  Doing well - how's things? - Scott
 Nostalgia; saw Soundgarden on Friday & was blown away. Great vibe & such a trip! I forgot how doomy & dirge-y their early stuff was! - Scott
  Thanks for the shout-out - looking forward to hearing the new sampler too. - Scott
  Straight back at you!
 Listening to 'Ava Adore' by Smashing Pumpkins - incredible album - haven't heard this for almost decade. Such a beautiful album - Scott
  Brilliant review and a great read! - Scott
  Hmmm, what song are you thinking? 
  EPIC indeed!!
  Ah, good thinking - now that's a clever spoiler alert!
  Thanks...and glad to be amongst great company alongside    
   Thanks guys - there was no avoiding that - I saw that in the papers on Saturday and Sunday. Both horribly sad. :(
 5 days until  -  &  Los Angeles Coliseum! - Scott
 Looking forward to this! Here's a preview for the new series of Dr. Who! Oh & Matt Smith is appearing  tomorrow! 
 Folks in the U.S. can now listen to The Black String Theory on the newly launched  USA 
 Over the moon excited to hear John Lydon is working on the first Public Image Ltd. record in 20 years! - scott  
  So, we're both about to listen to absolute hit machines! Enjoy! - Scott
  Welcome back & welcome to vacation time! Any plans? Relaxat & enjoy the downtime. Yeah, fests can be stressful at times!
 Hats off to  for the 'Nevermind' Anniversary issue & including comments from bands, labels etc. with differing opinions- Scott
 Reading this month's  - cannot believe it's been 20 years since Nirvana's ''Nevermind" album! Wow.... - Scott
  Oh would love to see him (I bumped into him earlier this year) but off to see Soundgarden/Mars Volta. I'll check out the CD tho!
  Very true - they're going up and up. Suarez is set to have an incredible at Liverpool I suspect! Any travels for summer? - Scott
  Hey, thanks for the love from Europe!! And thanks for the wishes for tonight - were/are you a fan?
  I love the demanding tone of your tweets! Thanks for the RT!! - Scott
  Very cool! So, you're originally from the west coast?
 Off to see Soundgarden and The Mars Volta at The Forum, Los Angeles tonight. Soundgarden will certainly be a trip down memory lane - Scott
  Thanks for all the RT's - we really appreciate it!
  Ah, well good thing it's a great record no less!
  Ah, thanks! So, you're in Brooklyn, huh?
  Hey, thanks for downloading it & cheers for following us. We'd love to do    - here's hoping!- Scott
  Hey, brilliant - you will love it - not dissapoints there! It's a miracle nobody has spoiled the ending for you! - Scott
  Our pleasure & thanks for the kind words. Do you mean 'This Clouded View' or 'A Lifelong Mystery'? Always curious! - Scott
 Thank you     
  Your  and shout outs get more amazing every week - cheers!!
 One final  goes to          
            
            
            
             
            
            
          
              
             
 FREE download of 'A Lifelong Mystery' from The Black String Theory 2010 EP  in exchange for just one tweet!  
 'Like' us at  and hear us on our  page 
  "I think they needed to explain some things that are explained in the book a bit" -completely agree. Great film tho - Scott
  Cheers for the shout out!
  Definitely - from what I've seen, I like the contrast between the sheer beauty & the cloudiness & moodiness; lucky you - Scott
  Yeah, give it a little more time. Admittedly sonically it's not my usual thing; the emotion and lyrics are genuine - Scott
 Though like chalk and cheese in comparison, I've been addicted to The National & Pulp for the past 2 weeks.  'Guest Room' -Scott
   3-way call - I like it! I'll hold out for 'Come Share The View' - not much chance though, I don't think - you?
   'Papillion', 'Fingers In The Factories' are my suggestions; you need to call me if they do Come Share The View!
  It took me a while  myself - but their raw emotion and lyrical honesty is quite beautiful once you get beyond the singles, imo.
   In 2 days? Wow, that crept up quickly. Please post the set-list!! - scott
 For something a little different, I've decided to do on an acoustic cover of 'Fake Plastic Trees' by  - will post soon! - Scott
  Aww, that's awesome - it's OUR tree now! There's been synchronicity lately & Scotland has been a source of inspiration lately!
  You should drive up for it! I'm really hoping they dig into their back catalogue to prepare for Reading but we'll see!
  Based on the result last night, I'd say Uruguay are going to do it, especially since Brasil and Argentina are both out - Scott
  'The Cold Still' album by The Boxer Rebellion  in its entirety- Scott
  The soundtrack of summer - thanks for posting!
 10 days until  Hoping  do a pre-Reading warm up by playing all of 'Origin of Symmetry' - although probably unlikely - Scott
  More brilliance...keep it coming - scott
  Simple but brilliant!
 Currently reading and inspired by 'The Art of Non-Conformity' book by  - highly recommend it to everyone - Scott
 This one sounds a nice resonance today - Scott "If you are never scared, embarrassed, or hurt, it means you never take chances.” -Julia Soul
 Listening to new  song 'Midnight City'. Looking fwd to the L.A. show in the next few months. Get the free download. 
  I hear you. An all too familiar feeling of late... - Scott
  So, your thoughts? Brilliant, huh? - Scott
 Working on the final arrangement for track  tonight at home. Looking forward  to laying down vocals for it shortly. - Scott
  'I Never Said I Was Deep' by  - Scott
  Hey Vera - how are you? What you listening to?  Got festival tix yet?
  Absolutely amazing, eh? Are you following the Copa America? - Scott
  Thanks - looking forward to sharing to share it...although we're quite chuffed about the current one with the artwork! :-)
  Hmmm, I almost agree with you although there's definitely some you gotta keep, right - Scott
  Oh nice, Cold Cave are playing here very soon too. Their new album is brilliant - best yet. Your thoughts? - Scott
 Welcome  and  - thanks for following The Black String Theory
 I'm really excited by the opportunity to collaborate with & produce a new track with Jeff from  Details to follow! - Scott
  Oooh, I love it; wonderfully obscure electronic selection there!! - Scott
  Yeah, I saw it on Saturday night 3-D IMAX. You're not missing anything by not seeing in 3-D; brilliant film no less- Scott
  Yes, LA RISING; July 30! The 405 freeway re-opened yesterday. Traffic was so good all weekend, they should close it more often.
 We're excited to announce, we are working on a music video for 'This Clouded View' - brainstorming with a great director this week - Scott
 RT  It is not our differences that divide us. It is our inability to recognize, accept, and celebrate those differences. ~  ...
  Simply incredible - you'll love it-  Scott
  Oh, I didn't actually. Good? I did see the Brazil vs Paraguay for the Copa America tournament! Wow. - Scott
  Well said! - Scott
 RT  A new favorite: The Black String Theory - A Lifelong Mystery (Acoustic versio... by theblackstringtheory on  ...
 Welcome to  Gervinho! - Scott 
 Just heard new Red Hot Chili Peppers single 'The Adventures Of Rain Dance Maggie' - solid, unmistakenanly RHCP - Scott  
  'Dark Entries' by  - Scott
  I hear you with the VIP needs for the festival! - Scott
  And you should....tickets still available! Rumoured to be the final RATM show too!
  Now the fun begins...and several months you can watch the line up appear in front of your very eyes! - ScotN
 Thank you  for introducing me to your site - absolutely brilliant. - Scott
 Welcome      - thanks for following us!
  Cheers to that - couldn't agree more - cannot wait for next Tolkien film installment - seem some stills, looks amazing! - Scott
  So, who are you enjoying on 
  Thanks so much Shelly!
 Track  is 3/4 of the way finished! A brilliant, productive & purely creative weekend. This is turning out to be my fav track so far -Scott
  That's a title I'm honoured to wear. You seen it? - Scott
 Rightly so - brilliant finale! Ah, an end of an era. - Scott RT New 'Harry Potter' film breaks  U.S. box office records 
 Hey  thanks for following us - absolutely love your profile pic. You take the picture?  - Scott
 This weekend I plan to wrap up track  for the album; I have to say this is the most fun I've had yet - the song is writing itself - scott
  Cheers Jessy how's your music coming along? - Scott
  Such a gem - Peter Hook & The Light is touring L.A. in Sept playing 'Closer' 1 night, then 'Unknown Pleasures' 2 days later.
  Ha, ha! Nothing like a bit of intrigue - it really is going to be the best song on the album! U score T In The Park 2012 tix?
  Glad you're doing well!...Ahh, 'Carmeggedon' is supposedly happening in L.A. now until late Monday! 
  Every week you completely out do yourself!! Thank you!!
  We appreciate it amidst the sheer volume, we really appreciate your ears! - Scott
   Thank you guys!!
  So, Spotify is a go?! Brilliant. Oh, I've got Soundgarden next Fri, then RATM/Muse, Friendly Fires, Horrors, Peter Hook as JD..
  We'd love to! Maybe next time I'm in Australia, we can stitch together some shows! Have a great weekend!
  Wow, I hadn't heard anything about - thanks for the head's up. Is it confirmed?  You going?
  You got tickets to T In The Park 2012?! Level 2 indeed... - Scott
  Would be our pleasure - thank you for all your support and tweets...and, it's your birthday! - scott
  Definitely - and to think at one time we all had LOTR happening simultaneously! Defintiely a re-read over - great escapism.
  Hmmm, to be honest, I don't think I'd be very good at that! But I hope you get it see it this weekend! - Scott
  Likewise would love to make Lollapalooza happen but it's quite expensive with tickets, accommodation, flights etc, yeah? - scott
 Living in L.A. reminds me of something from a Sci Fi novel; when the city comes to a stand still & everyone's stuck in their cars! - Scott
  Ah, yes it's all the talk:  - they're actually offering $4 flights from Burbank to Long Beach to avoid chaos!
  - simply impeccable playlist! - Scott re:      
  Shame on you but well redeemed!  RT can't believe I haven't listened to This Clouded View until now! It's absolutely amazing!
 No commotion whatsoever this morning regarding this so-called "Carmeggedon" in L.A. today - crazy how it has the whole city panicked!
  Ah, yes, you really have to make it out there - it has an incredible live music scene; really diverse - Scott 
  Hey, not yet! You are using? How did you find using Google +? You like it? - Scott
  The pleasure all ours...
  Of course -  yea, I put it in my phone! Gladly - DM us where we can send it - gladly! Hope you have a a great one! - Scott
  Thanks, Mel! You know we appreciate it! Say, you an HP fan?? 15 days until Muse / RATM! - Scott
  Thanks for following us too and thanks for your RT's.
  You can't sit still! Envious of all your travels! - Scott
  You got your tickets? You all set? Definitely the end of an era - it's become something we expect every couple of years! - Scott
 One final  goes out to      
          
             
              
             
            
             
            
            
           
            
 Wishing  a Happy Birthday - cheers!
  Yeah, about time re:  - looking fwd to the launch today. All good; changes abound but change is good! You? - Scott
  Ha! See, the context was fine...I think. - Scott
  Our pleasure!
 Hey  - thanks for the follow; loved the article in  - all the best with the single! - Scott
 Brilliant and inspiring article on Ricky Gervais. There's a lot to inspire and aspire to from this - Scott 
 As a new band ourselves, this  article by My Tiger My Timing via  gave me goosebumps -Scott 
  I know! If not now, then when - that is the question and the dilemma!!
  Ah, you're in South Australia! I had no idea; a fellow Aussie!! Exactly, I was born in Melbourne! - Scott
  Let me guess...all in white, right? - Scott
  Midnight!!
  Definitely not -two steps forward, one back - or maybe the other way? - Scott
  Really appreciate it - thank you!
  You in London? You attend the Premiere last week? Had friends who did & Leicester Square was transformed into Daigon Alley!
  Keep them alive - buy up, buy up!
  Oh yes, all set - 3D IMAX on Saturday night!
 When two of your favourite things collide;  and David Lynch collaborate on video  - Scott 
  to launch in the US this afternoon! Be sure to listen to The Black String Theory on  
 Wow, T In The Park 2012 tickets on sale now! Any one making the purchase now? Very tempted... - Scott 
  Couldn't have said it better myself. And of course keep us posted. - Scott
  You got your tickets yet?!
  Ah, Spurs & Man City fan, eh? Yea, I'm a Gooner. City in L.A. will be great - wonder if Tevez will still be there? - Scott
  Thanks for reposting the link guys! Cheers.
 RT  cool review of the brililant  that is worth a read.. 
   Brilliant read, as always guys - well done.
  Oh, brilliant - I will take your word for it. Really looking forward to it! - Scott
  I know! But it gives us enough time to build some press for it etc. but in the interim we'll be releasing other b-sides etc.!
 Congrats to my friend  & the release of the much awaited debut album. Fans of punk ala Green Day should check it out - Scott
  Hey Vera, thanks for tweeting us. Hope u r doing well!
  Oh, feel free to join  where we'll post new music too. Hope you're having a great summer! - Scott
  Looking forward to it, and thanks for the enthusiasm. We'll post some new stuff (b-sides etc.) before the end of the year!
  I think you're right - I've heard it's brilliant! Oh, 2 songs away from finishing the album but will be released early 2012!
  Incredible! Enjoy!
  Oh definitely - seriously in the top 3 (if not THE top) live bands on the planet without a doubt. 
  Ah, yes that's everyone's goal innit?! How long before completion? Good luck with the exam! - Scott
  I want to see a transcript of that attempt!
  Yeah, I definitely miss them! Oh, you still have the legendary Rough Trade though but I guess not in your area? - Scott
  Not yet - July 30! Allegedly the last ever RATM show too!
  You've been liberated! Now you can use those words in every sentence, then! - Scott
  Couldn't have said it better myself! We have  (www.amoeba.com) flying the flag here! - Scott
  Interesting! What do you want to with that? Exactly and yes, I've seen them several times over the years! - Scott
  I'm with you on that too re: part 6 - not that I've seen the new one yet (Saturday night!) - Scott
 Goodbye morning marine layer, hello sunshine here in Santa Monica... - Scott
 In case you missed it, here’s a great interview  did with  on  the  program today  - Scott
  Brilliant. What shows you got lined up this summer? - scott
  You're all set!! - Scott
  I think that's a good plan - sometimes it can be a sensory overload! Ha, ha - fingers crossed he is still alive! - Scott
  'Fake Empire' by The National...
  Best of luck with it! What are you studying, out of curiosity? Nope, no Reading either but LA Rising as a consolation! - Scott
   Thank you both!! Glad you like both songs! Cheers guys!
  Ah, thank you - purchasing 'Renegade' right now! Cheers!
  Best of all of the films, then?
  Yeah, it's bitter sweet, right? It's something we've all gotten used to waiting for every couple of years! End of an era! -Scott
  Wow! Wait, you've already seen it?! When did it open there? Thoughts? Best film out of all of them? - Scott
 RT  Listen:  live on Wednesdays Become Eclectic from  
 Well spoken  - spoken like a true Gooner!  - Scott
  What's the elation caused by?
  So true!!
  Love  Cannot wait for their new album. You've heard their new live tracks on You Tube, right? - Scott
  Yep, do you have a plan of all the bands you're seeing and when yet?! How long you going? - Scott
 RT  Action alert: Stop Congress from making  permanent  
 Hey  thanks for following us - gladly following you back! Love your work! - Scott
  Oh wow, what is the title of the Mark E Smith book? I need to read that! - Scott 
 A pure goose bump moment listening to Jeff Buckley on   - Scott
  Thank you, Julia!! How are you? Off to Reading next month? - Scott
  Especially for the show?? That's brilliant! - Scott
  Cheers; it's coming together really well. Ah I did read about Man City v LA Galaxy; contemplating. U going? Who is ur team?
  17 days til LA Rising now. Errr, no, I wouldn't be jealous either if I was going to Reading! Do u have the day all mapped out?
  Great - we want to know all the festival details, please! Yes quite a creative weekend with track  assembling quickly! - Scott
  Thank you, it truly is with mentions of some of our favourite bands i.e. Joy Division, Muse, Radiohead...wow, just wow. - scott
  Got lots of great shows for the summer, some travel too but hoping to do some major traveling early 2012! - Scott
  Ah, you're all set for 3-D HP too? - Scott
  Thanks for the tweet and for thinking of us on your travels. Hope all is well - enjoy!! - scott
  Please do! Come join us at HP 3D! - Scott
  Thanks - couldn't have asked for more! Thanks for checkingit out. How's things?
 Loving the  program this morning and the brilliant  interview! Tune in now  - Scott
 So chuffed to wake this morning & find possibly the greatest review one could ever expect courtesy of  
 RT  "...its chorus...is empowering, uplifting and heart-wrenching." -   | Live4ever 
 RT  Live4ever Presents: The Black String Theory 
  debut new material in live 'From The Basement' session – watch the full 55 minute session! - Scott 
 This weekend a new song took form, track  for the album, unlike anything we've done before. So excited; might be the best one yet! - Scott
  Hey, that's a great eclectic line-up!  will be great! The Prodigy, Paradise Lost...all great! You going? - Scott
  For HP...
  Totally - you coming out for the show?
  Frequency & Reading Fesitval + short trips to London, Rome and Vienna?? An incredible summer for you!!! - Scott
  Why,  thank you! Your interest levels?
  Yep, all set - General Admission! (Love your new profile pic, BTW.) 
  Brilliant, isn't it? I have the feeling their album is going to be one of the year's finest! - Scott 
 Cheers  for the 
 Tickets sorted for the Harry Potter finale this weekend in glorious 3D IMAX no less.  Everyone else set? - Scott
 July is shaping up to be a great month for lives shows including the 19 countdown for  and   - Scott
  Love it! Love your creativity! - Scott
 Welcome & thanks for following us  
 Things looking good at Emirates!  confirm signing of Gervinho & Wenger confident Nasri & Fabregas will stay 
 FREE download of 'A Lifelong Mystery' from The Black String Theory 2010 EP  in exchange for just one tweet!  
  Oh, that would brilliant - I think you might be right. What have you started on now? - Scott
 Hey  thanks for following us - long live vinyl!
 Just heard the new  single - it's brilliant. Add their September album to the best year for albums ever! -Scott 
  Like you even have to ask us! Gladly.
 A huge happy birthday goes out to 
  ...then followed by Friendly Fires, The Horrors, M83! - Scott
  Yeah, the Killers are brilliant live! Envious of your shows - I've got RATM/Muse, Soundgarden/The Mars Volta this month...
 Wishing I was at  this weekend. That is all. - Scott
  We wouldn't be at all surprised now would we?!
  Sounds brilliant, which shows and travels you got lined up? - Scott
  Danke!
 Thanks for  following us  
 One final  goes out to  
                
           
           
            
             
             
             
           
            
  Honoured - thank you Sam!! - Scott
  Ah, what a visual!
 Thank u     
  Your soundtrack this week is almost identical to mine, plus lots of Jarvis (solo), Pulp & Friendly Fires too - Scott
  Thank you so much for the lovely words - incredible - thank you! (BTW, just saw you're a LOTR fan, huh?) - Scott
 The Black String Theory - Update July 2011 
 The Black String Theory - Update July 2011 
  Yeah, the new record really is THAT good! 
  Ah, yes, 'Warning Sign' is a gem!
  Yeah, I like it - great record for the summer as is  Friendly Fires' 'Pala' - Scott
 On Facebook? Join us at  - thank you to all of our Twitter friends who've have joined us so far.
 Hey    - thanks for following us. Welcome!
  Nice one! I agree, it's all about the company.How were The Killers for you? What's next on the cards for you re: shows? - Scott
  Thank you, Angela!! Yeah, I was really happy to that it was Adele to reach that height too! - Scott
  Hey, thanks for the enthusiasm! How's your summer?
  Thanks for the RT - really appreciate it!
  Based on your thoughts, I'm adding both to my list. I'm 3/4 quarters through a book now but they'll be next... - Scott
  Good to know I'm not the only one!
  Brilliant - I think  are the band I'd most like to see there too. Let us know how the show is & who you enjoy! 
  'Mistaken For Strangers' by 
 We've just posted an acoustic version of A Lifelong Mystery on our  page!  - more demos & acoustic stuff soon!
  Excellent choice!
 Wishing I was in Scotland this weekend; who is going to T In The Park ()? Incredible line-up yet again! - Scott
 Spotify is coming to the U.S. Sign up to get your invite now. Yes, The Black String Theory are on Spotify!  via 
  Brilliant - so glad you enjoyed! As always, love your new profile pic BTW! - Scott
  Most certainly will! How were your travels and the shows? Highlights??
  Ah yes! Actually, mornings in Santa Monica are usually marred with the marine layer! How's the winter setting in there? - Scott
  Yeah, over the weekend, I abstained from technology. Gotta retreat from the modern world sometimes! LOL! - Scott
  They say 'variety is the spice of life' & so like yourself, I think this applies to music too. Hope you had a great July 4.
  All is well - how are you doing? We're currently writing a couple of new songs for the album & recording the completed ones!
 Adele has the 1st million-selling single of the decade:  - glad such an achievement was by an artist such as Adele -Scott
 Recording new vocal piano/organ only song tonight for the album. Will post some stuff up our Facebook before the weekend. - Scott
 The countdown is on! 24 days until  &  play Los Angeles Coliseum! - Scott
 I love /www.beggars.com - it's going to be a Beggars catalogue day; starting with Interpol, The National, Jarvis, then Friendly Fires -Scott
 Another glorious morning in Santa Monica; blue skies abound, and heat building ever quickly... - Scott
  Exactly - Pala - and you're right again, it's all about 'Hawaiian Air' - soundtrack for summer! Seeing them in Oct, you? -Scott
  Oh and safe travels - where you headed?
  Thanks so much for the well wishes - we appreciate it! The album is coming along, really really well! - Scott
  Love the fact you compile a list for  - hats off to you! - scott
  Have you heard the new one from Friendly Fires too? Love that one, especially in this warm weather.  - Scott
  Thank you for the words,  and RT's! We are indebted to you!
  So true -  is a brilliant site!
  Ha! That's brilliant!
   Odessa looks incredible! Thx for the link. Any ideas who will be playing the festival?
 RT    best band for scientists, whenever your boss asks you what you're doing, you just say: reading about  ...
  Thanks for retweeting our free download!! Hope you enjoy the track!
  Oh wow, that is indeed a huge statement but I think you could be right! Such quality this year - best year for albums no doubt.
  Gladly following your back-up account  - all bases covered!
 So gutted! Damn it! Oh,  o' please spend!! Fábregas & Nasri to leave any moment - Scott  via 
 Stream new album byThe  1 week before release! I've been waiting for this; loved the single - Scott  
 What a set list from  at Wireless Fest! - Scott  via 
  Why, what an excellent selection! Have a great musical weekend. - Scott
 A huge thank you        for the 
  Wait, you're going to Reading?! That's brilliant!! Such an incredible line-up!  - Scott
  Ahh, thanks for letting us know! Cheers - have a great weekend buddy!
 One final           
           
           
             
            
            
           
          
             
               
 FREE download of 'A Lifelong Mystery' from The Black String Theory 2010 EP  in exchange for just one tweet!  
 Listening to an absolutely goose bump inducing performance of 'Lippy Kids' by  live at Glastonbury on  - Scott
  Such a great track - good choice! re: "Aisles of White" by 
  Ah, such a classic!
  Are you guys going to T In The Park?! - Scott
  That's about normal, is it? Then, I'm glad it has arrived! LOL!
  - how was the show on Monday night?
  Thanks for the enthusiasm!! Summer hit Perth yet?
   That would be brilliant; personal tour guides!  - Scott
  Great - hope you made it through un-scarred! LOL! Hope things are in sync today!  - Scott
  Good luck with it! Let me know what you think of The Life of Pi (Martel) - scott
  As suspected, I loved it. Even from his early sketches, he's always had a look and a vision. Inspiring and fun exhibit! 
  I'll hold you to that! Would love to hear it!
