  when I used to die if I didn't tweet at LEAST every 5 minutes
 I actually tweeted 2 days in a row, check me out!!
 Good morning tweeps!
 Oh yay I got the same bus driver from yesterday! What are the odds of that?
  cant complain, i'm alive
 RT   LOL i swear i had my face up for a WHILE! ill change it back haha| lol SURE you did!
 Wtf this bus so damn cold my nipples could cut glass right now!
  lol iight animal
 "excuse me all you beautiful intelligent people, can you please move to the back of the bus, so that other ppl may get on?"
 Lol this bus driver is SO refreshing!
  still hiding ur face lol
 Wonder how  is doing
  yeaaah had to check in on my twitfam, i'm chillin headed to work now
  if you haven't even gone to sleep yet!!
  if u friggin up right now starting ur early morning grind!!
 Do people still go in on tt's? Are they still being recycled??
 RT   where you been Flo? | on hiatus
 RT  HOOD MORNIN MILK !!  | lol wassup?
 RT  That early morning running for the bus struggle... I'd rather be late FUCK that| 
 Lol good morning tweeps! Im baaaaaack bitchesz!
 Who drinks water with a straw tho?? o_O
 Good morning tweeps!! Ahhhh feeling fresh, let's get it!
  no complaints on my side :)
  how are you?
  aaaw thanks for that motivation
 RT  RT  Ahh  Still going H.A.M I see!!! What up :) | lol not really but omg HEY!!
 No angry morning tweets today.....yet
 Good morning tweeps :)
 I wanna run.... smash into you <3
 Got my hur did feelin good :)
 Long day ahead of me
 Soo I finally get two days off and what have I done that was productive? Absolutely, positively NOTHING -_-
 If you choose not to listen to me or hear what I have to say FUCK YOU  you'll never get my respect.
 Ahh 
  lol "the one who cares" niiice
 But then you get to that next place and ur like damn, this isn't any better....where do you go now? You can't go back to the first place.
 Its like, at one point you actually were looking forward to being at that other place, perhaps because you didnt want to be where ur at
 Uggghh where do you go when you're trying to get away from one place, just to end up in another place you rather not be?
 Nahh its definitely that stank ass attitude
 Or perhaps....its the sight of you that pisses me off?
 I just dont get it, why piss me off AS SOON as you see me? Fucked up my whole night!
 On my fuck everything and everybody shit. All these motherfuckers aint shit
  what your boss say?
  shit at least you went
  lol OD late
  I know I know, sheesh
 I've grown to learn that everybody talks shit about everybody...especially ur family, if you can't beat em, join em & I'm outnumbered
  right here!! Waiting for you to " me :)
  lol I bet, you make it to work on time?
 RT   morning Flo... if your still floating around in the twitterverse| lol
  lol somewhat but it's not morning anymore "/
 Does anyone still use this? Hit me up.
 RT  i doubt i'm a be up in an hour for work...wake up call???| that was 2hrs ago, no new tweets, dont think u got that call
  wife!!
 *goes to my lists*
 My timeline looking real unfamiliar, who are these people? o_O
 Rob aint tweet me back yet -_-
 So uh, where was I now? Ohh right, GOOD MORNING TWEETIE PIES! :) :)
 Ok I'm officially a happy cookie, no more angry tweets....for now. Back to our originally scheduled programming...
  feelin alright, headed to work, & u?
 FINALLY stinkmeaner gets off the bus!! Ahhh now it smells like some sweet cherry blossom from bath & body works
 Omg why does he keep looking at my phone? You want to read my tweets? Follow me BITCH: 
 No I'm not done! I won't be done until smelly mcnasty gets off this damn bus! Its right THERE the smell is in my damn brain now!
  sun must be up for at LEAST 5 hours before you start smelling like Precious' armpit after a sauna
  how are you?? :)
  morning luv
 It would be understandable if it were at  LEAST 83 degrees outside and maybe around 3 o'clock but you JUST woke up!! No excuse for stinking!
  morning hun
 Omg I can't hold my breath the entire bus ride. What stop you get off? Nigga get there already!
 This damn mexican smells musky af,  PLEASE put ur arms down. Toooooooo damn early for that 
 UUuuugh I'm beyond tight, another morning started off bad!
 And its one thing if he didnt give it back but at least gave me the change from the food but that nigga kept that shit too!!
 Fucking right now...this dude NEVER gives me back my debit card yo. Now I'm about to go to work and starve!
  And 
 Yall are so wack....
  if you consumed alcohol in the past 3 days
 How is everyone doing up their memorial weekend?
 I dead got  shout outs? Niggas tweet for less than a day and I'm already back on yall lists? Lol.
 Who's up? Hmu tweeps!
  hey you
 Signs on to twitter and yall tweeting about some weird shit.. 
 RT  boy can friday come any slower.|| I thought I was the only one!
  good morn-afternoon :)
 Debating on if I should get my hair done
 Od sleepy at work "/
  goood morning rob :)
  maaan idgaf if he hot, take off ur damn coat then!
 Fuck yo I'm freezing, wtf be on these niggas minds??
 SOMEONE TELL ME WHY THIS BUS IS BLASTING THE AC WHEN ITS BARELY 60 DEGREES OUT??
 This house gives me a headache!!
  bet nicki made them wear it tho lol
 Nicki's dancers are actually way hotter then her, and their booties actually move when they pop it
  lol nah no shots! Those were blanks lol.
 WHAT THE HELL  IS LIL WAYNE WEARING??
  yuuup, I'm too busy to tweet every minute like I used to
 Sooo like...we're all going to die today -___-
  thats a relatively new slogan, they've always been americas fav cookie tho
 "  you still alive in twitter?" Lol nope
 Miss i'm sayin, can you knock ur baby unconscious already? My headphones can't tune  that out!
 OMg I think this baby is possessed, been screaming at the top of her lungs on this bus for the past 20 mins -_-
  what??
 Ride pon the cocky like a bicycle, ride pon the cocky like a bicycle...aaaayyy good morning!!
 Tight we left the house so late, I hate getting on the bus with the school kids and AM rush. Now I have to fucking stand.
 Watching yo mama on tv, these dudes are actually pretty funny tho!
 Just got back from the gym and i'm craving some reeses cereal...wassup, who's up??
 Happy easter everybody :)
  good morning
 Add me on LiveProfile my PIN is LPKGPOZ3 - LiveProfile is a free messenger for Android iPhone and BlackBerry - 
 Went to bed early cuz my night was bad and I wake up to bad news. -_-
 Trust no nigga...
  guys with tattoos are friggin SEXY. As long as its not some dumb shit
  aaw thanks same to you ;)
  I know I'm late but hiii wassup?
 Came on twitter cuz I lowkey miss  shhhh
 Goood morning tweeps :)
 Been bumpin my music since 4am, my battery going to be dead before I even leave work.
 He's on my mind hard body...
  how are you my love??
 Good morning tweeps!! I want some freakin ice cream!
  oh yeah? Then why you even talking to me you traitor?
 Twitter oh  how I've been neglecting you! Yall miss your favorite cookie??
 I'm totally craving some checkers right now omg!
 Not Looking forward to reaching work, still upset from yesterday :(
 Sometimes being home with my mom drives me crazy. Every sentence is screamed not spoken. -_-
 " I may not have a 6 pack but I got some sexy ass ribs ladies" *grabs the bbq sauce*
 Uhhhhhhh.......hi	:-)
 I hate how you can't see who the hel somebody is until AFTER you accept their request -_-
 Happy birthday aaja! :D
 Getting my hair done, woot woot!
  & how are you?
 On my way to work... Good morning
 Good morning! I'm on my way to face my doom "/
 Omg im  soooooooo embarrassed
 Gosh he is always on my mind! <3
 Omg my mind is going crazy!!
 Good morning, on my way to work :)
 Haven't been on here in a few days
 Smiling on the inside :)
  how are you?
  yeah yeah safer smafer "/
 Is it a law that buses have to drive 10mph when it's raining?? -_-
 Oh, Good morning twitter :)
 Uuuuugh the people on this bus STINK!! It's raining outside, would it hurt u to grab a bar of soap?o_O
 Good morning tweeps! It's officially spring! And yet I find myself wearing my winter coat -_-
  gotcha ;)
  lmfao but she didn't act on it. Are u contradicting your own statement?
  lmao I hear that girl!
  even if they aren't around?
  lol it be like that sometimes
  I call everyone males our females "hun". But this isnt a personal question, I'm speaking hypothetically sooo back to you lol
  explain, what do you mean by "the nature" of the crush?
  so hypothetically if you found out your girl had a crush on somebody it wouldn't bother you? As long as she didn't act on it?
  so if you saw your man text some girl saying "hey sexy" u wouldn't feel any type of way?
  lol I'm a busy busy person, always on the move and FAST
  where at your job? On vacation? In ny? On earth?
  well what's your answer?
  do you think calling other people names like " sweetie, baby, honey, sexy" is considered cheating??
  do you think having a crush on someone is considered cheating??
  oooh yeah? what of?
  lmao yeah sure. S/n please don't call me that, it reminds, me of the spider and spiders creep me out
  lmao well... Good morning! :D
  good morning 2 u 2!!
  we're not  you :p
 Man you can't even listen to waka flocka on the bus. When he go "flocka flocka flocka flocka" u be ready to shake some dreads
  you hesitated huh. Cuz you had enough time to recognize a girl  you met off myspace (& yes I remember it was myspace)
 Man 8am is not even early to me anymore...
  I'm feeling great STRANGER. How about you Rob?
 I really don't look forward to going to work when the ones that get me through the day aren't going to be there "/
 Good morning tweeps!!! How is everyone??
  lol thats my new nickname now? And technically YOU missed me cuz you recognized me and didn't take the opportunity 2 say hi
  trust I was in my own little world, I don't remember looking at anybody while I was on the ave
  lol maybe I didn't recognize you? You do realize we never met in person right? Lol.
  lmfao why didn't you say hi then?
 " I'm not fucking wit  she looked me in mt face n kept it moving :(" WHEN??? lol
 Omg omg omg!!! I'm so anxious for tomorrow!
  word you were laughing at me chi baby?
 Looong day
 Sun slowly rising....good morning
 I'm Tired
  smh keep the negativity out my mentions, I'm in a positive mood this morning so fuck your perception of the truth
 Its this damn phone! Its too distracting! Im trading it in for a flip phone!
 Once AGAIN I wound up in the bronx!! FML officially late for work!
   I can't affiliate myself with your negativity
 So Apparently I cant remove god from the swype dictionary -_-
  your welcome baby daddy. Now good morning, wheres my bacon??
  impossible to be as beautiful as the sun. But if we together make up the rays of the sun, united we are something beautiful
  love the default, you look straight out of bk lol
 Good morning my little rays of sunshine! Yall my sunshine today cuz the sun def isnt out!
 Add me on LiveProfile my PIN is LPKGPOZ3 - LiveProfile is a free messenger for Android iPhone and BlackBerry - 
 Off to work, watch me come back to some angry tweets lol
 Because of advancing technology people live longer, healthier lives than they did 100 years ago. Nature is saying there are  2 many of us.
 Can't really be mad when people die from natural disasters. It's mother nature's way of saying it's time for you to go
  I am not trying to wish you tweeps a God Morning! I want you to have a good morning!
 You think I'll go to hell 4 deleting "god" from my swype dictionary? I hate that it appears whenever I'm trying to say good morning!
 I'm hungry!  I think the main reason I hope to get to work early is so I can eat!
 Damn march weather and it's freaking damn wind! I can't wait til may cuz april going to be rainy af
  damn I wish I had the cocktail part
  nothing, just chillin *bruh man voice*
  nothing just laying down finally trying to relax. Hbu?
  hey my love!
 Wzup wzup wzuup! *martin voice*
 HIIIIIII! DID YA MISS ME?
  just relaxing, watching the incredible hulk
  nm, wassup with you?
 Wassup twitter?
 I mean I know i'm pretty, but sometimes I just don't feel too pretty
 I be feeling mad ugly sometimes like wtf?
  lol SURE you're not!
  ivan!! Lol sup?
  same to you short stuff ;)
 1,2,4,3 none of these bitches look better than me o_O
 I Mean tap your fingers, feet, SOMETHING! Act like you actually listening to something!
 If you have your head phones on and your head doesn't even bump the slightest bit, your music is WACK
 Yo I don't know how people could listen to their head phones and not bump
 Good morning tweeps!
 Quite frankly he is starting to get on my last nerves
  didn't think I'd find out about this twitter hoes you been with and all the illegitimate babies?
  hmphhh
  have fun, not 2 much tho!!
  lol ohh ok
 I really can't stand this new breed 
 Lmfao this nigga done lost his damn mind
  oh you're a promoter?
  its been like 2 days lol
  sitting here watching the news and talking ish on fb. How about you?
 Smh it would be horrible if you left
 Type Bored, should I go to sleep?
  I'm divorcing you!
  sup tweetie?
 To me* 
 I have this crazy inability to hold a grudge and some people done the unthinkable to be smh.
 *stretches* ugh good morning!
  never dated a scorpio but supposedly we're compatible
  NO I didn't
  lol those are a lot of colors, a bit indecisive? Hmm scorpio that's wassup. :)
  lmfao yeah right what I look like going to church just to tweet?
  I never got my food -_-
 Yeah so my baby  went and bleached his hair, mmm yes I like. New album new look!
  excuses excuses rob!
  uh huh
  thanks
  ummmm YOU said YOU were cooking!
  about 5'8
  ;) ;)
   lol what??? Anyways I was just joking with you tho 5'9 is perfect
  lol leggo!
  aaw poor lil shrimp, you went as hard as to change your bio to boost your ego? Dont u think the bball player is a stretch tho?
  ummm I'm 21, capricorn, my favorite colors are red and pink, my fav food is italian & I'm haitian-american, ur turn!
  next you're going to tell me you're 4'5
  -____-
  haha I bet!
  hmm that's weird, sound like some  shit but you obviously tweeting. Try rebooting
  lmao what? When did I insinuate that?
  lol, timbs, polo boots and acgs can be your best friend ;)
  now you got me craving some tho!
  smh damn, lol I can't be paying for twitter apps. Yeah try looking at your account settings.
  word? In that case I want some grits n cheese, sausages, bacon, french toast and a garden omelette :)
  did you update it?
 RT  RT  RT    if you over 5'10
  no not at all, nothing really out there for me
  aaaw lil bit :)
  lmfao nope yall niggas better pick a side!
 Sooo twidroyd back on and poppin! :)
  jack daniels wings!
  can't complain I guess. I want some  breakfast tho
 And   if you under 5'8
   if you over 5'10
  nm jus chillin, how are you?
  queens, and you from bk?
  ok velly, my name is florence but you can call me flo
  lol how ironic, my next tweet was going to be "you're cute btw" lol thanks :)
  not too good but I'm glad I'm up now! What you doing today?
 " Why do i have to take all tha pain. Why can't i just die" your ability to endure pain determines your willingness to live
 I slept terribly wrong last night, my body all aching  started walking up every hour on the hour
 Good morning twitter :)
  mad late with the reply I know, had a long day yesterday, good morning lol
 " If people had to walk around naked y'all would swear I was a pervert becuz my dick be on hard at the weirdest times" lol wtf?
  working wassup with you?
 Almost ended up in the bronx again fuckin with twitter
 95% of the time I'm  on the internet, I am not speaking proper grammar...so the fuck what?
  not much, it's been ages, how you been?
 Bus please hurry so I can get some breakfast b4 work!
 If you fucking a girl and she starts crying at the end, in that moment she remembered she had a husband and 2 kids
  if you fucking with a guy and out of nowhere he starts getting soft, in that split second he remembered he has a girlfriend
  hii
 " You ain't shit ." Gee thanks :(
 " Lmao damn man flocka gettin fatter than Gucci" eew 
  hey there wassup? :)
 " I'm always up super early now. I remember. I had days where I wouldn't  wake up till 11" omg deadass right?!!
 But come on, yall know I'm a little tweetie pie, ain't I always good to you tweethearts?
 Lol yall probably know me as the girl who gets on twitter every morning and bitch, I should change my name to 
  aaw I hope you feel better too!
 I'm hungry af, this bus needs to hurry up I'm beginning to feel sick "/
 On Another note, it's a beautiful ass day out twitter, wassup?
 I mean, get some starbucks or something shit!
 No offense, but I hate drinking that nasty ass colombian coffee we always have in the break room..
 Shit at least put some in the vending machine upstairs! This is a catastrophe! Must have red bull!
 My job needs to start selling red bull in the food court again, healthy shit my ass! We still selling nasty ass pizza tho!
 Smh and yall passing that bottle back in forth like we in the hood nshit
 It's not even afternoon yet and yall on the bus sippin on smirnoff??
 Ciara bugging, I mean rihanna got fucked up by a MAN, what makes her think her itty bitty hits would phase her. Rihrih could take her!
 I know I'm late but I'm just logging on, had to catch up to the drama.
 But  is such a bitch tho, how she say apology accepted yet this bitch never once apologized to  ? She too into herself!
   lol I swype everything
  thanks love
  lol why wouldn't it be? What are you up to?
 My swype always writing the wrong damn words, is there any eau ro recalibrate the damn thing?
 She said she aint a leader, she said she likes to follow. Well if the shoe fits, shit up bitch, swallow!
  I thought I was looking at a mention from yesterday because that tweet looking real familiar but good morning	:p
 Had a dream about  last night, and oh my I think i'm in love! The way he put it on me I wanna go back to sleep! Lol.
  lol I know right?
  is such a stupid tt, weren't yall the same folk talking about the lord is the creator of all things?
 Totally there right now!!
  I did already, I'm on my way home.
 Finna go home and dance...i really feel like dancing
 Damn I'm feeling some type of way right now....
  I cant remember if I replied to you in the midst of working, but I'm feeling quite alright, hbu?
  I feel you on that one I need a career "/
  morning rob, I see you 2
 "   <<<I Aint Askin For Nuffin But Your Ears…  I like that, got my attn
  no parts of you? Aaay ;) lol and that was the second time for 2011 that is correct
 " i saw quite a few sexy guys last night, i was like “M..M..Mm heyynoww” lol!"| lol I hear that!
 Two televisions in this damn break room and both of them are on the same show? Smh at least it's not on the spanish channel...yet
  how are you on this fine day?
  lol I go in on the damn mta almost every day! I just been up to the usual, work and school. How about you?
  am I still curving? What?
 " Came back on to see ppl talking bout which sex position they like & how they moan...... who YOU following?
 " GDMORNING LOVES ; *say it back plz & thankiez* :-*" good morning baby girl :)
  need to make a run to my nearest grocery store lol
  aaw do you really miss me wife? I was just about to get those divorce papers finalized...
  lol did you just say wushup? That was cute.
 When I FINALLY decide to let you hit it, you couldn't get it up  you ol limp dick muthafucka
  yeah I think I'm going to have to look for that, it sounds good
  you and my son wayne yo! Lol.
  apple butter? What's that?
  yeah I'll live tho
  lol what you mean? Catch it from WHO exactly?
 I'm beyond hungry, I think I'll close my eyes on this bus now.
 Smh I cant remember the last time we had sex -_-
 It was keshia, and theresa, it was tanya, it was monique.... 
 I met you when you were a senior and I was a freshmen, when I became a senior, you were STILL a senior 
  omg omg omg WIFE!!!
 We clearly didn't give a fuck about each other. 
 Your girlfriend found out about us 
 You didn't shower for 3 days straight and wore that same tshirt with the big hole in it 
  same to you baby boy ;)
 You're clingy, overpossessive, almost stalker type and downright annoying 
 People shouldn't be tripping over the  tt, we figured out a long time ago twitter can't spell *kanye shrug*
 I'm hungry, what's for breakfast everyone?
 Good morning tweethearts :)
 I'm hungry and it smells like beef patty and fart on this bus...not that the fart part is appetizing at all -_-
  to know when a mutha fucka trying to take advantage of me
 This transit system be trying to take advantage of us innocent individuals
 I wish new yorkers would just all come together and boycott the mta for at least 3 days, then they'll see a dent in their pockets
  have to stop at EVERY SINGLE STOP? 
 RT   to realize if u bump me without saying excuse me or act like u gone fight me i have permission to whoop  ...
 RT  W H Y   I S   I T   S O   C O L D   O U T
  definitely fell asleep on you baby boy, but umm I've been alright, still breathing and all that
 Oh nah nah, whats my name?
 Missing That morning nana right about now.
 You done did goood, but you can do better, I done been wet, but I can get wetter. Come and make it rain down, on meeee
 Goodnight :)
  I'm good honey, how you been?
  she misses you 2! ;)
 This dude dead whistled the entire rude boy song today, I must admit,i was impressed!
  smh shit, about to sleep
  I see you didn't get my  this morning, smh
 I love how my regulars didn't say hi to me today.... *ahem rob* 
 Uuuugh I need a friggin car ASAP, I just can't deal with the mta anymore!! I'd take a '89 honda accord right about now!
 So upset at how slow this damn bus is and how ridiculously late for work I am going to be!!
 Soo how is everyone??
  wondering how you dm'd me without even following me?
 Apparently twitter has suspended twidroyd and ubertwitter for violating their policies. I'm mad late, I know.
 So here I am bugging out for the past few days wondering why my twitter doesn't work....
 RT  Do girls watch porn?? | was that a serious question? Of course we do!
 RT  All the time 0_0 RT  You ever just want to rip your hair out and scream??
  lol I took it to the hood?
 I see the ladies are with me on this ripping of the hair shit!!
    to this boy on the bus, if it wasn't for him I would've left my wallet on the seat!!
 You ever just want to rip your hair out and scream??
 What I really rather do is be layed up with him but now HE'S driving me fucking insane!!
 Then niggas is going to be rushing me cuz their asses BEEN home and I fuckin hate feeling like I'm being rushed
 I'm so fuckin tired from work, by the time I even get home I have no time for a nap :(
 I REALLY not feeling up to going to this fuckin party, I got dragged into the shit and I never.said I wanted to go
  yummy!! I wish I had that instead of the cup noodles from my house
 He just.....just....gets me so freaking ANGRY sometimes!
  what you had for lunch?
  lmfao you're a clown. How are you doing this morning?
  how are you?
  mentally a lil better, but I think I'm coming down with another cold "/
 RT  I was turnt up before class and now when I walk in, I'm turnt down smh. :/ lol.| true shit
  oh it's funny huh? Lol wassup?
  don't call me a typical and don't call me a girl. And fyi I witness more males doing that than females. I actually got that from 1
  why not show the same courtesy to you prospective fans? What makes one artist stand out from the next is character.
  if you were sending that link to a business executive you would've have the common courtesy to address him first...
  yeah but it would be beneficial to him and the environment in the long run
  lmao nope, it was complaining about how I didn't get any when I wanted it and now I'm saying fck y'all lol
  so pass them some deodorant!
  wtf?
