 I'm at Life Church 
 Posting from an iPad!!!!! This is sweet!!!:)
 It has been 35 days since my last time I was on twitter or anything else!! Wow!! How is everyone??
 Just finished lunch! Nice to done by 1 and not just starting! ( Applebees) 
 Made it to the gym! ( Snap Fitness) 
 Having breakfast with Kelly!! ( Bob Evan's) 
 Checking in cause I can't let Kelly take the mayorship!!! Lol!! ( Snap Fitness) 
 I made it to do cardio after a long day!! ( Snap Fitness) 
  I know...I a year would've been great..We just thought that we have been dating for over 4 yrs...why wait any longer!
  November 27, 2010~~ THIS YEAR!! YAY!!! :)
 Just booked the church whr we will B getting married...now 2 reserve the hall! :) Trying 2 go w/ the flow...trying not 2 get stressed!
 RT  Need a vid?? Have something U need 2 promote?? Now is the time 2 get it! Check out ths sale! 
 Spending the day catching up on things since I had a mini vacation! Tomorrow...off to Canada!! Been a busy week! YAY!! Engagement!! :)
 RT  Check out this AMAZING SPECIAL that  I have going on...Plz Retweet!!!  ...
 Thank you to all of you who congratulated me on my engagement!! It really has been a great couple of days! Can't wait to start planning!
 I am ENGAGED!! :-)   asked me yesterday!!! It was SO perfect!! Here are two pics..  
 Haven't checked in in a while!! So here ya go! Just had a great workout!! ( Snap Fitness) 
 Tweeting my first tweet from my new iPhone 4!! I am loving it so far!!
  That is good! I am going through "Bootcamp"!! my friend is getting married in 6 wks and we R working on losing the weight!
 RT  Just posted a new video for a client! there is a special with it! 
  What about you?
  I need to do measurements soon...I am noticing it alot in the way i look and things Feel!
  I am loving the gym now!! I just LOVE it! The weight loss is going...I have lost something like 6 lbs.
  Fingers crossed! LOL!!
  No...My boyfriends pre order got cancelled...not really sure why.! But At&t said they would holed 2 for us tomorrow!
 So I didn't get my iphone 4 yet! BOOO!!!! :(  Hopefully tomorrow!
  OH I so will!! The first app I am getting is the iMovie App!! I can't freakin wait! 
  I totally understand! I guess I wont say that it is less that 24 more hours till i get mine! :)
  YEAH RIGHT!!!
  to be honest I am really surprised! I didn't even think that I was eligible but I guess I am!! Woo hoo! Can't wait!
  that dinner looks amazing!!!!
 Getting excited about getting the new iPhone 4 on Thursday morning!! :) I have a amazing boyfriend! Thanks 
 YAY!! The scale was so kind!    How about you? How did you do?
 Thinking of going to the gym in about 10 minutes! Wanna join me 
 I love that!! RT   The funk is just fodder for inspiration :)
  So will we see you soon?
  You are welcome!! I am glad you have been funked -e-fied! LOL!!! I have no idea how to spell that! LOL!!
 RT  Give that eBook some pizazz! 
 RT  RT  Fresh Video Design is joining up with some friends! Check it out!  
   LOL!! I didn't know you post that!! Too funny!! I love it!
 Not feeling very well today! I think I ate some bad food! :(
  Thanks! I just posted on your blog too! :) I will reply soon! Thanks!
  Thanks Aurelia for the RT! Much appreciated!
 BootCamp Update!! It is so great! Check it out!  
  I just read the DM... I am sad that you won't be apart! We will miss you but I will continue to follow you! You are an inspiration!
 Starting weight for Summer 15 contest!! Woo Hoo It's ON!!!  
 Trying to have a very productive day! Lots to do!
 I'm at Gaylord Community Church. 
 Had an awesome day with  I love you him so much!!
 All done with my cardio! ( Snap Fitness) 
 OHHH I wish everyone could see the  and her dog interact!! LOL!!!!
 Worked out this morning! Upper Body and walked 2 miles in the park!! Had coffee and breakfast...now I am ready for the day!
 Going to bed! Gotta get up and be to the gym by 6:30!! Cardio and upper body tomorrow!! Day 5 of BOOTCAMP!!! :)
 Yay!! My boyfriend  just got a twitter account!! Now I have to watch what I say! Haha!! Just kidding!
 I have to keep checking in now so Kelly doesn't steal the mayorship from me!! Great workout this morning! ( Snap Fitness)
 BOOTCAMP Day 2 & 3 - So far so good! 
 Cardio ( Snap Fitness) 
  hey there! How are you doing? How is your Wednesday so far?
 I just became the mayor of Pauls Pub on  
 Out to dinner in celebration that school is out! ( Pauls Pub) 
  that is awesome!! I can't even run for one minute right now..but I am working on that! This weight is coming off!
 Working...or shopping...you pick!! Lol! ( Venus & Blue Jeans) 
  What kind of workouts do you do when you go to the gym?
  Check it out! But we do weights every other day, upper body 1 day, lower body, upper body and then cardio everyday!
 Day 1 of workout BOOTCAMP!! Ahhh :) So excited! 
  Sorry I didn't get back to earlier...I was out of town. I had 2 grad parties 2 go 2! IT was a fun but short weekend!
 Just finished a killer workout! ( Snap Fitness) 
 Going to bed!! So tired and I have to get up at 5:45am...bootcamp in the morning!
 On my way to grand rapids!! Graduation parties to go to!! What a beautiful day for a drive!! :-) 
  thanks!!
 I started a new video business! You can follow me  and feel free to tell a friend! Thanks Everyone!! 
  Thank you too! I have graduation open houses to go to all weekend long! Should be tons of fun! You? Got any fun plans!?
  Thank you so much for you encouragement! Much appreciated!
  Yay! I am excited about it! I think I will post a to my blog tomorrow morning about it! My new mini goal!! WOO! thanks!
  Great Idea!! Thanks!
  PERFECT!!! A massage! I have been needing one of them! With all the working out I have been doing, my body has been screaming!
  I have 20 lbs to go to get under 300! I want to do some for that! I just don't know what!
  Requests for what?
  You are welcome! I need to come up with some kind of goal when I get under 300lbs...I need some motivation! :)
  That is an AWESOME reward and you should be able to hit that by October! You only have 23 to go!! You are Rockin it!
  I know! I want to get one too...but I just can't see spending that money again right now! BUT it is SO worth it in my opinion!
  well thanks for sharing!!
  my bf says that the new iPhone is going 2have flash, camera front&back, and the ability 2run multiple apps!! He's getting it.
  that is freakin awesome! Do you have a personal trainer?
  thanks for following! :-) got any fun plans for the weekend?
  haha!! Sure!! ;-) I've been working out alot lately and my body aches!! I need so bad!!
  I will buy you one if you buy me one!!! :-)
  that is so true!! Lol!!
 RT  How true!  
  I totally hear ya!! I will try to help as best as I can!! I am just right with ya!! What are your workouts?? Insane?
  good thinking!! I will have to do that too...right now I just buy frozen berries from walmart...the no sugar added!
  keep up the good work!!
  I did the elliptical earlier and did lower body today!! So needless to say I am a bit unstable!! But I love it!!
  protein will help you metaloblism speed up and fiber will help you stay fuller longer!
  yummm...I love smoothies..the reason I add frozen berries is that way I don't have to add ice! Works great.
  I want to get some protein powder to add to it! That is why I add the yogurt sometimes!
  mainly I have it for my breakfast! I make it for me and  so I generally have it with something but sometimes not.
  you don't really taste the spinach!! It just adds texture! I just LOVE it!!
  I put spinach...frozen berries, banana, orange juice, and sometimes a little yogurt...only when I don't put spinach! So yummy!!
  I LOVE SNAP!!! I look forward going everyday!
  awesome! you aren't that far from us...like 4 hours! I am in Gaylord
  Aww!! Thank you!!
 Just finally finished a video of my girls day out with  &  
 I'm at Snap Fitness. 
  yeah!! We are from michigan!! Where in Michigan are you from?
  I will definately do that!! We have to stick together!!
 Two times in one day baby...can we say crazy!! ( Snap Fitness) 
  Alright!! I am expecting for you to hold me accountable now!! :)
 Twttr Party was fun! Congrats 2 the winners but I am done! Don't forget 2 sign up for the Summer 15   
 RT  Well that's it :)  Congrats to our winners again!!  Time for the gym! 
  I know! Hey...I didn't lose any...I think I came out even! But this time around I AM losing the 15 lbs
 RT  I just registered for the next  Summer15 Weight Loss Challenge! Are you in????  
 RT   Yes one of these days! How fun that will be when we all can work out at the gym together :-) I miss you!
 RT  I am!! ARE YOU?!?! RT  So, are you in for the Summer15? 
 I just signed up to be tracked in the Summer 15 to lose 15 lbs!! I am so excited!! 
 RT  Our Next Tracking Challenge starts June 15th!  Register here:   ...
 RT  I know Rob and Michelle aren't on Twitter tonight, but congrats to you two too! 
 RT   & all the  I wish U could all join  myself and  for a  ...
 RT    and  A Blog Header/Twitter Background Makeover from Freshnets.com ($100 value)  ...
  Aww....Thanks! I had fun putting it together and Laughing at  &  It was fun!
  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA...Well I will keep an ear out for one!! LOL...
   Yah and the person making the video did a pretty good job too... and Tishia YOU are not a dork!
  LOL!! I hear ya! Just in time!! And now you can use that Wii Fit Plus you just won to help also!!! Hurray!
 RT   I watched.  Boo I didn't win, but HUGE CONGRATS to those that did!  You all did great!! 
 RT   congrats on winning the Wii Fit Plus!  
 I am now really excited about the new challenge!! 
  LOL!!! YAY!!!! :)
 I am done.... 
  why???  I wish you were here too!! You and 
 RT  Watch the Drawing on Video NOW:   
 RT  RT  Watch the Drawing on Video NOW:       Congrats to the w ...
  I am so excited!! Can we get a move on!!>??? LOL  
  I AM READY!!!
 YaY!!!!  Let have some fun!!
 RT  RT  Dn't 4get 2 B hre 4 the twttr party at 9pm EST tonite! We find out who the winners R!  ...
 Cardio!! And abs.. :) ( Snap Fitness) 
 I just ousted Kelly M. as the mayor of Snap Fitness on  
 Having fun playing "words with friends" on my iPhone with  I love this game! :-)
 Dinner...jen...you can't go to my house this time..Kelly is there!! Hahaha!! ( Applebees) 
 YG!! :) ( Gaylord Community Church) 
 Just finished lunch!! ( Bamboo Palace) 
 Just had some yummy watermelon and almonds for breakfast! Now I need to get some tea!
 WOW it has been over 2 weeks since my last weigh in!! I am getting back on track!!! 
 I just unlocked the "Gym Rat" badge on  
 Oh yeah!! ( Snap Fitness) 
 Cardio ( Snap Fitness) 
 Getting a coffee! ( Brother's Coffee And Tea) 
 I just became the mayor of Brother's Coffee And Tea on  
 At lunch with Kelly, Sean and chris!! Woo! ( La Senorita's) 
 I just became the mayor of La Senorita's on  
 I just became the mayor of Gaylord Community Church on  
 What an awesome message on the holy spirit today! ( Gaylord Community Church) 
 Out to dinner!! ( Boone's Long Lake Inn) 
 Just got stuff for dinner with Chris! ( Glens Market) 
 RT  Check out this awesome promo video we just finished for  
 RT  Thanks! And UR Welcome! IT was so fun!!  RT   You rocked my promo video!!!! Thanks!!! http:// ...
 I am working the Fire Sale again!! Come and see me!!! 50% off clothing and shoes, 25% off everything else! ( Venus & Blue Jeans)
 Here..second time today...cardio now!! Upper body this morning!! Chris coming too!! :-) ( Snap Fitness) 
 I just unlocked the "Bender" badge on  
 Here with Tishia and Kelly!! ( Applebees) 
 I just became the mayor of Applebees on  
 I just unlocked the "Super User" badge on  
 Just finished a great workout at snap...no getting coffee with Kim ( Brother's Coffee And Tea) 
 Hanging out after youth!! ( Applebees) 
 RT  Coooooofffeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
  I had a ton of fun also!! I can't wait to work on your video!!
 Guest blog post : No Time for a Workout - 
 Out to dinner with Joel, chris, Mary and jeff!! Woo hoo!! ( Buffalo Wild Wings w/   
 Cardio with chris!!! ( Snap Fitness) 
 Just finished lower body with Kim!! My legs are mush!!! ( Snap Fitness) 
 So  just busted out..."I'm dreaming of a white christmas!"  What the heck!! She should never be left in silence!
 Just enjoyed a yummy breakfast pocket and a fruit smoothie! Going to the gym later today!
 Good Morning! What a beautiful Day... Suppose to hit 90 in northern Michigan! And it is not even June yet! I LOVE IT!!!!!
 Enjoying a beautiful day on the lake!! ( Chris Scheer's House) 
 Come and join us for an awesome service! Times...9 & 11 ( Gaylord Community Church) 
 Having dinner with people!! ( Pauls Pub) 
 Helping out at the FIRE SALE!!! clothing 50% off ( Venus & Blue Jeans) 
 RT  Do you know someone who is getting married this summer and wants to do a slide show? Let me help them!  ...
 RT  Looking for a super creative Father's Day Gift?  Have Angel make a video collage of your family!  ...
 RT  My client is using her website to communicate with the community about the fire:  (G ...
  That was the most important thing! Thanks! Today is looking like a great day! Just trying to "make the doughnuts" Have a Great day!
  Thank you! She is doing great compared the average joe. She kept going around and saying "it is just stuff...no one got hurt!"
 I want to make a yummy smoothie this morning...with spinach, banana, berries, and orange juice! YUMMO!
 Good Morning Everyone!!  What a long day it was yesterday. My BF mom's shop had partial burn damage and the rest smoke and water! Crazy!
 So excited about my new website!!  It is up and running and ready for clients!! 
 I am loving my new site - Check it out  also follow me 
 Just had starbucks with Aubrey!! It was great! THANKS Aubrey!! ( Glens Market) 
 Eating lunch! ( Alpine Tavern) 
 I just unlocked the "Adventurer" badge on  
 Just finished cardio workout with chris! I did upper body earlier this morning! Woo! ( Snap Fitness) 
 I just ousted Kelly M. as the mayor of Snap Fitness on  
 Working hard on my video....then I am going to go to the gym with my BF and friends!
 Working until 4:30!! Come see me! ( Venus & Blue Jeans) 
 RT  New report for this week! I think we all need a little encouragement! 
  half a pound? could you tweet me a link and I could go and fix it!
  Hey Cindy...are you having issues with your blog? I try to view it and it is saying that the server is temporarily done.
 Hanging out with chris and watching season finale of survivor!! ( Chris Scheer's House) 
 I just became the mayor of Chris Scheer's House on  
 Had a great workout this morning! 20 min on Treadmill, weights - Upper Body and then killed my abs with  It ROCKED!
  It was very yummy!! Good Suggestion!! Next time...we need ice added!
 I have a late weigh in...IT has been a little confusing this week! HELP!! Week 11 Weigh-In - 
  subway eating lunch! ( Walmart) 
 Upper body here I come! ( Snap Fitness) 
 I just unlocked the "Local" badge on  
 Fajita's!!!! ( La Senorita's) 
 Signing Chris up!! Woohoo!! ( Snap Fitness) 
 Just finished a 32 min workout on the elliptical!! I am beat! Woo! ( Snap Fitness) 
 I just became the mayor of Venus & Blue Jeans on  
 Working for a half hour!! Woo! ( Venus & Blue Jeans) 
   YAY!! Kelly is going!! Woo hoo!
  Oh yeah...for sure!!
  sounds Great!! See you then... Btw..Thursday and Friday I can go anytime!
  Ok! So I will see you there at 9:00?!?
  she won't be there until 9:30!
  OK! Kim is coming too. She has to do cardio Andi going to guide me thru lower body.. Cause I can't remember all of it!
  Yes, Yes I can!!!
   It's funny I don't like salt that much!! So I don't add salt to my food! And I hate super salty items!!
  I should just being doing that no matter what!! It would help my weight loss anyway!! Ha!
  OK!! Thanks! I will pick some up today after I babysit!!
 So I am retaining water...grr...I need to eat food low in salt... What should I have??
  OK! Just let me know for sure! So I can plan on meeting you! And if I need to leave youth early I can!!
  aww...so you really don't live in the same town?
  maybe...skip out of youth early or...go after. What are you doing?
  No...I am babysitting until 4:30...then I have to close VBJ. then there is youth group...I will probably go layer tonight..
  hey Tishia!! I am glad to hear you are doing good!! How is your upper body?? Mine is killing me!
 Not in the mood to deal with a crabby baby!! :-)  God I need your strength today!
 Here is  before workout with here new hand band in!!! What do you think?? 
 Thinking I may need to go back to bed!! :)
 RT  WOO! Week 10 Report is ready for Y!  lost 16.9 lbs! 
   Have a great time!! You ladies rock! I went last night with 2 of my buddies!!
  I am trying to build my new website. I have to get my about page done and then I can put my content on it!! I hate about pg
 TRYING to conceptualize ideas for my new project!! Grrr.....I am struggling!!
 OK! I have only one suggestion! Please help me name my plant! - 
 My friend freakin' ROCKS!! RT  I Have Turned Into A Gym Rat 
 Subway....YUMMO!!! :)
 This weekend was very productive for me as far as I posted three new posts on my blogs!! Check them out! 
 I need some ideas for a name for my new plant! Please help!! I Need Some Help Again!!  - 
 Alright!! I got my very first plant EVER!! and I want to name it but I need your help! 
 I just love having someone to workout with! Do you have someone to push you?  A Day At The Gym - 
 I just went to see the Date Night Movie...My date wasn't as exciting! LOL!!   Last Minute Date - 
 I just love Dates like these! Relaxing and fun! Last Minute Date - 
 I need to get off of here and get ready to head to my brothers this weekend! Doing it for my momma since it is her weekend!
 Showin some to my Bestest Friends today!!!      You ladies Freakin ROCK!! Much Love!
   Thanks for the  mention!! You ROCK!!
  Thank you for the  mention! Have a great day!
 "“If you love me, you will obey what I command." 
 Had a fantastic workout this morning with  Here is a pic of how hard we worked!! Tishia Rocked!  
 Going to bed! Gotta get up at 8 am to workout with  I am really loving working out! I can't wait til I start weights!
  Yeah but there is 2 against 1! LOL!!  will back me on this! Considering she is the one you punched!! Ha!
  Thank you, Thank you!!
  Um....REALLY??  I recall a couple of weeks ago you Punching  LOL!
 Gotta go check the laundry otherwise  will yell at me! Maybe even punch me!
 Just set up my desk!! Now I have a place to offically work in my house!  
  It was alot of fun! And it was really nice to have someone to work out with!
 Worked out with  walked 2 miles on the treadmill for 40 min and 8 min on elliptical! I feel good!
 Waiting for  to get here so we can go to the gym and workout!! :)
  thank you!! I am trying to work hard and taking it one day at a time.
 2nd week in a row that the scale moves down!!! Woo Hoo!!  Week 10 Weigh-In - 
  how are you?
  I am good thank you! Just got back from my workout at the gym! 20 min on treadmill and 8 on ellpitical!
 I joined the Gym today! I am super Excited about it! 
 Just joined a gym!!!!!! Woo hoo! I have wanted this for a while now! 
  Sounds like a great time! That walk is always good! I walked 2.2 miles! Working my way up!
  I have been walking everyday! Drinking tons of water! And really trying hard to eat better!!! I have goals that I want to meet!
  Good! I have doing pretty good on things! I have been drinking tons of H2O but I have been having just 1 pop a day! U?
  My dad is doing ok. I guess. I know that sounds bad but our relationship is not the best! Thank you for asking!
 Meet a couple of new friends     
 I wanna show some  Love!!      
  Subway was really yummy! How are you feeling about the decision WE made??
  Thanks for the  mention! You rock!!
 I am totally geeked that I Didn't Die! - 
 RT  I Went And Did It…   My Friend Freakin ROCKS!!
  Have a safe trip!! I saw you guys in Chicago! Thanks for berning a vessel! Worship was AMAZING!! :)
 I am super pumped about this weeks weigh in....find out why   
  Thank you very much! I appreciate it! :)
  Thank you! It is tough for me..I am not close to my dad and yet I feel things that I didn't know were there!
  Thank you for your thoughts!!  Much appreciated!
  He lives about 3 hrs south. I haven't seen him in years..just kind of crazy!
  Thank you very much!
 Just found out that my dad had a heart attack last night...I guess he is doing ok. Not really sure how I am feeling!
 Craving an Iced White Mocha from Starbucks for the 5 day in a row!! Really bad!
  Good Morning!! I pray you make the BIG doughnuts!! :-)
 Can't wait to go for a walk today just to see how my new shoes will be!! :-)
  Nike..running shoe 10w...they are really comfortable!
  no problem..anytime! I am glad you feel good! Way to go girl!!
 Just bought new shoes!! Now I should be good to go to walk w/   on Saturday!!
  AWESOME!! Are you glad you went??
   I tried to leave a comment but I couldn't for some reason..So I thought I would tweet you! I look forward to seeing more.
  So I have been following you for a while but never really checked your blog...(ashamed) Anyway...AWESOME Job!! Inspiring!
  GOOD!! Tweet me when your done!! I would love to know how it went!! :-)
  DO IT!! you will be glad you went!! It will help you reach your goals!! :-)
 Wanting to blog tonight but not sure of a topic!! I hate it when I have a block!! :)
  I am doing pretty good so far however I had to have a white mocha from starbucks!!! Bad me!! :)
 Walked half a mile with  this morning and then took the pup for a 1.40 mile walk!! 32 oz of water done another 32 to go!! :)
 Good morning  Yes we are! Really excited! Have a marvelous day!!
 Watching the Dove awards!! I love Casting Crowns!!
 Good job 
 RT   have lost a grand total of 27.5 lbs this week!!  ...
 I have had a couple of good days! I CAN do this! 
 Super annoyed with my boyfriend right now!!
  thanks!! It was so great!
 Took my roomies pup for a walk again!! We walked 1.21 miles at 3.06 mph!! It felt great!! Now off to kohls!
  YAY!! Me too!!! :-)
 Getting ready to cheer   on at their 5k race today!! I am so proud of them!! They ROCK my socks!!
 RT  Good luck to  today on her first 5k!!! :)
  32oz! It is great! You will have to let me know if you love it!! :) good night!! I am out of here!
  actually I got it yesterday! And my moms today!
  Thanks! This has just been a recent thing!! I have really Bern struggling with it! Thank you for the encouragement!
  Wal-Mart! Only $4.00! I bought my mom one for mothers day!!
  Thanks!! I followed you back! I look forward to seeing your site when you get it up!
   I will see you in the am cheering you ladies on all the way!! Love you!!
  I know!! You need to cone over!! Everything is here!! I still have to buy paint!
 This is new water bottle on the left(blue) old on right (green)   
   this is my new water bottle!!  
   I got a new water bottle! It is 32oz and I love the cap..I drank 2 of these and then 2 glasses at dinner.
  sounds like alot of fun!! One of these days I want to conquer the hill of health with you two!!
  Chocolate brown on 1 wall and tan on the other 3...my curtains are a blue color...it all matches my comforter.
 How did you do on your H2O intake today?? I downed over 64 oz!! I feel so full today!!
  Thanks!! How was your day??
  LOL!! Oh yeah!! I can't wait to paint my room!!! I am excited about the scheme I have going on!!! I just want to get it done
 Extremely tired but I am not ready for bed!! It was an exhausting day but I loved it!!
  I am waiting for my bed sheets and such to dry and then I will make my bed!!
  Just wanting to know...how is it my fault? Don't you have any self control? Mwwaaahhhaaahhh! :-)
 According at  I am so pushy!! I just told her to go check out the neighbors garage sale!! Lol!!
  I will be praying you find it...I LOVE my iPod!! I might even be lost without it!!
  I know!! Super comfy!! Although it will be sooo great to have my own space again..you know how that  can be!!!
  It is going great!! Walked, coffee and now I am moving my crap and getting my bed!!!!!!!
  thanks for the RT!! how is your day going?
 Went for a walk this morning and I have 32oz of water down...pear and almonds for lunch!! I am feelin good!! 
  LOL!! Excu-huse me!! Lol!!
 How is everyone doing today?? 
  We're gonna bring the VE-HICLE to you!!! I keep seeing this all day today!! Lol!
  Yeah we can do that!! I want to limit my sugar intake and increase my protein...but stick with some of the natural sugars..
  LOL!! Dang sugar!! :)
 Changing some things up!! Thinking about cutting the sugar out of my life...I think sugar and I need to break up!
  this might sound weird but I LOVE the smell of icy hot!!
 So discouraged today! :(   
 Got my back pay from unemployment...going to get a pedicure today!!!
 Wondering how my weigh in will go in 2 days! I had a great weekend in Chicago!! 
  we will for sure hang out!! I miss you!! I can't wait to show you pictures!!! Love you!!
 On my way to Chicago for the weekend with this guy!! I love him!! 
 Trying to write an about page for my new website/biz....I can't do this...I HATE writing about pages!! Any 1 else feeling me????
 2 posts in one day...I am on a roll!! LOL......Please Help me out! I Need Your Help! - 
 I actually posted this ON TIME!!!!  HAHA!!! Week 7 Weigh-In - 
 I am come to the conclusion that.....You will have to read to find out!  
 Started something new... ... You can follow  Much appreciated!
  heather!! I will be praying for you!! What's going on?
  thanks for the  mention!!
 Working! But ready for 2:00pm to come fast!!
 Can't wait to make my curtains!!!  I am feeling pretty crafty right now!
  yeah!! I figured!! Just didn't have time to do it plus it was easter weekend and I wasn't by the computer at all! How r u?
  yes! It will be before 8 pm tonight!! I don't have my computer today!
  totally wish I were there right now to freak her out even more!!! MUAHHHH.
  Hey!! You know I am right!! You have lots of work to do today...no Jack Bauer for you today!!
  it is so GET OUT OF BED!!! LOL!!! :)
 RT  I just gotta give a shout of praise to my Father in Heaven :)  He Totally ROCKS!
 Finally posted my weigh-in!!  Someone kick me in the rear!! 
 Good morning!!! I have such a sinus headache!! And having to watch the cutiest baby!!  
  Oh My...that reminds me...I haven't checked my google reader in....over a month! Good luck with that Tara!!!
 Gettin ready for a juice!
 Really struggling with the fact that I want to be married. Seeing others move along in life and wanting to in that spot as they are is hard.
  Hey B thanks for the follow!! Dude...I love ya!!
  Thank you so much for the FF mention!
  Have fun Alaina!! I love birthdays!! :-)
  huh??
  I think that is what it is...I am tried and have a really bad headache!! I want to sleep!!
 Feeling very weird today!! I just want to eat anything and everything in site!!! What is wrong with me!! Ahhh!
 Totally had a butt kickin this morning! Check it out!  
  mine is going good! I did the 30 day shred this morning and a walk this afternoon!! I am tired!
 Having a great morning!! How is your going?
 RT  Check out the progress at  ! We rock!!!!  ...
 That is awesome RT   Tried out the walking video I won in the Plus Size Bloggers kickoff party. Not too bad 
  I LOVE SWEET POTATOE FRIES!! Sorry for all caps!! I just love them!
 Keep up the good work!! RT   New blog post: Weigh In - Progress 
 Uber excited!!!     
 YAY!!! The Scale was so KIND!!  
  I love it!! :-)
 Going to bed!! Got a big couple of days coming up...need sleep!!
 RT  Hey  how are you doing on your weigh-ins? Remember you must blog whether you gain, lost or stayed the s ...
 Weekend Fun!!!  Or at least that is what I thought!!  I Indulged In Some Goodness - 
 2 Grilled Chicken Salads in one day!! WOO HOO! Also had 2 yogurts! And grapes! :-)
 Glasses are on....Working a long day today!! My eyes are hurting from looking at the computer all day!!
  I am not a big Dk Chocolate fan! Now you can give me milk chocolate any day!!  Now my mom loves dark chocolate!
  Yah! But today I have done really good! Fruits & Veggies and a nice salad for Lunch!! :)
  LOL..Totally just laughed out loud at that!! IT was so good but later last night I totally wasn't feeling really good!
  Gotcha!!!
  what are you looking for?
 It's Blog Week!! It's Blog Week!! It's Blog Week!! Is anyone as excited as I am??
 I am back with Subway for  and I!! I got a yummy salad!! I am trying today!!!
 Do U need a blog or know someone who does? Well this week is UR week to get a blog setup and more!!  www.plussizeskills.com/blogweek
 RT  IT'S BLOG WEEK!!! Get a Blog set up for you for just $79.00!! And more!!
 Come join us for a breakthrough session about blogging...
 Good job Shannon!! What phone did you get?   
  AMEN!! Tomorrow IS a new day!! And I am kickin it in high gear if I want to go on a cruise is May!!
  Sorry!! I just couldn't help myself!! I needed to post it for me, for accountability!! :)
 So my BF and I went to olive garden and coldstone...I don't think this is on the WW's plan...check this pic out! 
  Have fun!! It would be great to be on BL even for just a day!!
  TBL??? The Biggest Loser casting call??
  the blog week is thru  nit Lara. Check out the details www.plussizeskills.com/blogweek
  Next week is blog week with  She is running specials. Is that what you are looking for?
