 for fellow app developers 
 Gov Pat Quinn signing into law a bill to support entrepreneurship in IL at 
 Pek and I providing feedback to co-founder of Picture.ly 
  getting Aussie accent lessons from co-founder of Picture.ly - you should to
  catching-up with Swathy here at  learned she'll be heading to SF 
 last weekend I got to reunite with a childhood friend Amos Magee bringing back memories of 86' world-cup and High School…
 RT  In front of Marilyn Monroe! 
   festivities begin leading up to the Manchester United match   
 entrepreneurship in mobile, an event at ITA in Chicago 
 Lean User Experience: UX at Startup Speed 
 RT  Kate Sofis of  onstage with Pres. Bill Clinton at  making commitment to urban manufacturing . ...
 Chicago Mobile Web and Application Development 
 I just checked in at San Francisco Airport (San Francisco International Airport, San Francisco) on  2nd mtg with SFO
 SF here I come... 
 Looking forward to my SF visit next week.
 Getting my mobile retail on with momo-chicago 
 Nice!  FIRE sign Colombian playmaker Cristian Nazarit   
 A friend's entrepreneurial journey "An infectious must-read!"... 
 API Hack Day - Chicago 
 David, congrats on getting 8tracks.com (sharing playlists) on the BBC news - nice! -->  
 congrats Jason & A Space Apart for getting selected to excelerate labs  -- curious about MapDing
 Vote for my friends start-up...think YouTube meets Wikipedia or People-Powered Learning... 
 I'm going to a Meetup with The Chicago Mobile Web and Application Development 
 auto correct is laughing out loud... 
 got sunscreen?  
 the making of a sports announcer..."These Pretzels..." | Chicago Fire Soccer Club 
 Netflix buys HBO -- is it more good news for Apple and one more reason to get an iPad? -->  
 Looking for CSS programmer with experience working on Facebook platform
 Friend innovating local manufacturing gets press in NY Times --> 
 RT  Check out "DISCOVERY! A series of conversation with leading industry experts."  via 
 Why Video Advertising Needs to Dump Impressions and Move to 'Cost Per View'  via 
 a great event my friend is putting on for entertainment professionals in LA... 
 Anyone know good Game based learning Products or Companies?
 Attending "Video:  The Evolution of the Revolution - Chicago"  via 
 Finished reading 3 soccer related books - the one I loved the most 'Soccernomics'  'why england loses and germany wins'
 Mobile Year in Review 2010 - 
 Beijing architect lives in egg-shaped house on sidewalk on 
 Mobile Monday holiday party ( English Bar & Restaurant w/ 4 others) 
 I just unlocked the "Explorer" badge on  
 I'm attending "NANO-PRENEUR" app development.
 Join the conversation with NXT on today\'s cultural themes and brands 
 Cohort Analysis 
 Music is like water?  
 Attending 'Mobile a new behavior' meet-up --> 
 RT  Registration for Random Hacks of Kindess is open  please sign up or come learn
 RT  RT  10% of online  use “geosocial” or location-based services, more than online non-Hispanics. h ...
 Checking out "GrubHub raises some dough, and we learned something... about Chi" on Built in Chicago: 
 great weekend doing "customer development" for a business idea we called NearKast.   I recommend lean start-up machine and in general start…
 Help me win a start-up weekend challenge... complete a very short survey here -->  
 Lean Startup Machine CHICAGO kicks off tonight! 
 Listening to authors of Lean Start-Up Entrepreneurs Guide to Customer Development ( TechNexus) 
 I'm attending Midwest-Silicon Valley Mobile Tech Seminar with Patrick Houston -- 
 How lean-entrepreneurs can attract venture capital --> 
 Attending.  Ideally getting to pitch an App idea that gets selected. 
 I'm attending Chicago Lean Startup Circle -> 
 iPhone4 or droid x?
 Attending 'All about Metrics'  Chicago Product Management Association 
 Lots of confirmation today for 'In the land of ideas, those who can execute - rule!' - keynote from Brad Keywell, Founder, Groupon 
 I just saw the  wireless flash drive for iPad, iPhone, and iPod touch at    
 Swarming w/ midwest tech entrpreneurs -  ( UIC-forum w/ 28 others) 
  ( ROOF on theWit w/ 5 others) 
 Thank you Steve Berman ( Interscope / Geffen / A&M Records) 
 My 2nd blog post now live...Level-Up! your Business with Gamification --> www.mitchellposada.wordpress.com -- you game?
 Congratulations to my brother Julian now President of the Chicago Fire -  ...my debut professional season 2011?
 Tell the FDA you won't eat GMO salmon!  Please RT
 Attending The Agile Lego Game -- Chicago Product Management Association 
 "In the land of ideas...those who can execute - rule" -- do you agree?
 Just bought my ticket to TEDxWindyCity 
 Like Documentary War films?  A filmmaker friend is releasing the TILLMAN STORY in theatres 
 I just RSVPed for a Meetup with Chicago Interactive Design & Development (CIDD) 
 Chicago Fire vs NYC Red Bulls 0 0 to largest stadium attendance.  Fire looking so so but  fab performance  by rookie keeper.
  Taco Trucks you love -- got any favorites?
 the white shark at the  party...please report to cafe creative department
 MUSIC HAS NO ENEMIES featuring Field of Dreams at Celebrate Brooklyn! -->   
 Interested in the hospitality industry?  CTF scholarship application process and guidelines, please visit www.cafemaga…
 Interested in the hospitality industry?  CTF scholarship application process and guidelines, please visit www.cafemagazine.com/future/
 RT  LALIFF: Aug 19-25, 2010
 RT    who will be performing at  this year.
  how are you?!   Could use your web analytic prowess here at Cafe Media.   Hope this finds you well :)   I'm in Chicago these days.
 DAME LA 310! 
 RT   Music Biz is Dead Panel:: Label more about complimenting what a band/artist is doing to mobilize their audience ...
  Music Biz is Dead Panel:: Being signed...so what? As long as there is a MKT Plan behind the band...doesn't matter if you're signed.
  I'm out of the BOX!  Saludos desde NYC para Capitan Perez!
  Digital Music Panel:: John Simson $ subscription services (ex. Satellite Radio) help promote music but result in less music purchases.
 RT  Check out new photos from last night at the Mercury Lounge.   
 RT   Digital Music Panel:: Pepe Mogt (Nortec) points to Chemical Brothers multi-media digital release as an example  ...
 Check out "So Long Woody, Hasta Pronto Buzz" at 
 RT    putting up a fight w/ a fantastic goal.  but is it enough to redeem the frustrated fans  are you l ...
 RT  20 minutes left. Can  turn it around? Whr's Memo Ochoa? 
 RT    time to embrace technology.  What do you think?
 RT  New at  multitasking World-Cup style . Share your multitasking experiences with us  ...
 RT  OMG... ties  penalty kick off the post! 
 RT    - Call the Match Competition and enter to win Southwest Airlines tickets! --> 
 RT    2 to  1 - Uruguay advances holding off against some great play by S. Korea
 RT   showing some flair but not enough to win with  keeper & team having a solid showing    ...
 RT   cup players who tweet --> www.twitgrids.com/sports/soccer.html  fans who blog -->  ...
 RT  BP vs. Aquaman - Boing Boing 
 RT  Goal     The Parguayans looking animated the Italians  now on the offensive should make for an intere ...
 RT  loving that the  team is mostly tweeting about the  game:  
 RT   best chance to upset is today vs.  for  action.  Are you watching?  We're blogging  --& ...
 RT  RT  Going to check out the  performance at noon. I'm excited!
 RT   action  and  had a so so match but glimpses of what may come. The  goalkeeper had a ...
 Techcrunch party ( Sandbox Industries) 
 Hanging with Harold Cabezas at Andre Jean's new york marketers event. ( Bogart's) 
 Great to meet-up with Gonzalo Del Fa talk shop including him world-cup blogging on Cafemagazine.com. ( Cafe Metro) 
 Kicking it at Cafe Pick-up Party with some Brazillian drumming - pur world-cup kickoff pachanga! ( The Shady Lady w/  
 Stopping by to say hello and support my friend Emanuel and his efforts with LatinoLegacyWeekend.com ( Northwestern Kellogg Chicago Campus)
 all right you SF Hipsters and do-gooders...here's an event not to miss!  And say hello to my friend Kate Sofis to get the …
 Looking forward to Museum of Science and Industry's newest "Smart Home: Green + Wired" exhibit --> 
 Anyone know a power Flickr user I can ask a few questions?
 Anyone going to TechCrunch - Disrupt in NYC May 24-26?  
 Silicon Valley Latino Leadership Summit is May 14th! Get your tickets to this stellar event & line-up --> 
 RT   ‘What is Green and how does it apply to you and or to the Latino community”
 Interesting take on VC Industry...  Where do angel investors fit in?
 RT  Cafe Con Musica hoy en el Yaris Lounge con  a partir de las 5pm! VENGAN! El Concierto es Gratis!
 wanted: Web hosting provider recommendation for a 100K pageview/month  site?
 Wanted: Coordinator/Producer in NYC (music related)...passionate, organized, bilingual, with marketing experience (ex. collateral, events)
 Got Chess Game?  Well there's an App from a friend I'm recommending and its free until April 13th.  Link here... 
 This Sen. Dodd bill doesn't bode well for Entrepreneurs seeking angel investment...thoughts?   or 
 . I nominate  for  working on a first of its kind Latinos in Green panel for Green Festivals Chicago
 Decided to produce a Latinos in Green panel for Green Festivals Chicago in May.   Nice crop of panelists forming!
 White House Video: 
 An event that features Visa, Brown is the new Green, & the California State Controller?! Huh?...we'll be there! -> 
 In power session mode » ( Intelligentsia Coffee) 
  con Musica proud sponsor of Roqlandia - Latin Rock Festival at SXSW 
 Barely made it to Lovelock - lessoned learned fill up don't assume u can fill up along way.   10minsnooze on freeway now fed and off to Elko
 Giving thanks I fought thru hunger so I could enjoy my fave stop - Ikedas.  Next stop Weston's 40th bday fiesta! 
 Who do you think should win an Oscar... bit.ly/cTGt3Y
 Get set, Go!  Off to TAHOE first stage of my SF to Chicago road rally!    174,000 miles on the car...fully loaded.   Should be fun :)
 Finally get to see where GFunk works.  Palacial lobby. ( YouTube HQ) 
 You could win free Fandango movie tickets! 
 Event planning with Margarita and Michael - if we pull it off ill be thrilled. ( Coupa Cafe w/ 5 others) 
 My first at chez maman.  With m. shaffer catching up.  Killer pad in potrero I get to crash tonight. ( Chez Maman) 
 With Mara getting a lesson in Tarot and philosophy. ( Crossroads Cafe) 
 Holding court at coffee bar - looking forward to connecting with carlos miranda levy and hear more about 'Relief 2.0' ( Coffee Bar)
 Dinner with Val in old hood. ( Ploy II Thai Cuisine) 
 Dinner with Val so gotta turn off the cell phone (: ( Coffee Bar w/ 2 others) 
 Which Oscar Best Picture nominee have you seen? Here's the list  . Then go to   tell us your pick!
 Squeezing in a little work at my favorite SF cafe. ( Coffee Bar w/ 5 others) 
 Always a treat - dinner with tia Fanny! ( Elephant Bar) 
  Media, LLC gets a big reference on Dr. Korzenny's blog...  
 Finally met Ted Hong our partner and CMO at Fandango. ( Bloom Cafe) 
 Meeting with vp fox interactive trying to impress with my foursquaring jaja ( FOOD) 
 My 1st check-in ( The Cow's End Cafe) 
 I just unlocked the "Newbie" badge on  
 Being part of continous conversations trumps traditional online advertising 
 Huffington Post publishes 500+ pieces of content a day and ~ 2M comments a month 
 PepsiCo speaker...move from Sponsoring to Creating Experiences...recognizing and acknowledging consumers and who they aspire to be  
 At  ecosystem 2.0 conference...listening to BlogHer keynote talk about how to measure and value conversation/engagement via bloggers
 Put on the breaks!  Did someone say sneak peak photos of the Chicago 2010 Auto Show?   Yes we did... 
 5 Ways to Mobilize Hundreds - Please Retweet!  
 HPNG January 28th Networking Event - Guest Speaker: Carmen DiRienzo, President & CEO, V-me 
 Got  for  Friend on the ground looking for help with patient data capture... 
 a friend in Haiti's discuraging story about help efforts...
 The Pacific Garbage Patch has grown to be twice the size of Texas. 19 Billion bags and growing.  
 Cap & Trade...devil in the details?  
 Finally meeting Palenke Soul Tribe members  is hosting them in Chicago on Thursday... 
 U2 in Rome...who's in?   How magnificent would that be?
 data & charts geek?   appreciate good information design?  or just feel overwelmed by data... 
 Is vacationing to see things before they disappear going to be a trend? Rotterdam on your list? 
 Just nominated cafemagazine.com for Best Online Magazine  
 Thanks Kim for reminding me to watch TEDxEast (  live on  )
 For others who thought CNN piece was disappointing... A New Look at Latinos in the USA: 
 Hope to see folks next week at Digital & Social Media Conference that Carlos puts on...  !!!
 Signs US needs to get ahead on the innovation curve (especially energy) ... 
 Just finished watching TED talk on 'How Food Shapes Our Cities'... imagine if the world had a western diet? 
 Off to be a judge to help decide who goes to Latin Grammy's Bailando con Verizon Wireless here in Chicago representing 
 Café Media is looking for a Digital Marketing Intern!   More info goto...
 Cafe Media on ABC News...
 Latinos in Social Media is in NYC; details & discount code:  (code conex09)
 Great event this Thursday, Sept. 24th at the Museum of the African Diaspora (MoAD) in San Francisco...RSVP at www.haitianeducation.org
 part 3...exploring also inviting Latina filmmaker Natalia Berry to speak about her Documentary 'Humanity 2.0'... www.newearthcinema.com
 part 2: i'm exploring inviting the filmmakers of 'Return of the Ancestors film'...on 2012...they're launching AwakenTV.com on Sept. 22nd
 1: Cafe Media posted this feature story...2012: The End or a New Dawn?   see part 2: 
 Looking at
 Just changed my twitter background, check it out! Found it at 
 enjoyed meeting Alisa Valdes...she gave a fabulous lunch keynote last week in San Diego. 
 so many goals...at the end of the day...to tell a good story :)
 Cafe is interviewing Cubs player Carlos Zambrano tomorrow...curious if there were any fans of his. 
 anyone a cubs fan?
 Cubs fans?  I am even though from MI.  I get to introduce  to Carlos Zambrano prior to our stellar Christina interviewing him.
 Jose Hernandez, a Former Migrant Worker, to Blast into Space! 
 A note from  
 Yes one person can count + artists for green from friend Hans Chung...
 Leagues of Their Own  by  from    
 North Korea behind Twitter attack?  Anyone care to guess? 
 Cigars...Power Puff?   (source: CafeMagazine.com)
 Latino Family educates others on with DVD
 NCLR Conference Leaves No Stone Unturned
 We are having a Latino Entertainment Financing and Pitch Track at CHCC Conference...send me a note if you want more info.
 Consultant, speaker and…Twittero?  
 correct link...
 Newly Released US Military Spy Satellite Images Show Massive Arctic Ice Melt...  (source: Huffington Post)
 Logue Studio Design 5/5 on Yelp: I have collaborated with Logue Studio Design on a few design initiatives. The studi... 
  Brother Julian moderating a Town Hall meeting at NCLR Conference on Economic Road to Recovery.
 Back from an impressive 1st day at 5th Annual DealMaker Summit produced by Marathon Club (minority private equity mover shakers)
 It’s Easier Eating Green.... (CafeMagazine.com)
   CafeMagazine.com 1st Birthday & my 39th...at White Party
  Birthday & CafeMagazine.com 1yr Anniversary / White Party
 NCLR's convention will focus on philantropy... more at Cafe... 
 I just voted for  Check it out! 
 Off to Latino Leaders Magazine 5th annual Maestro Awards for Leadership Gala here in Chicago...curious what it will be like.
 Looking for Comic Strip creator on contemporary Latino Life... ping me :)
 Competitive Cycling Made Easy	? 
 DIY Comics... 
 Just added myself to the  twitter directory under:    
 Buses May Aid Climate Battle in Poor Cities --  
 Al Franken Wins Senate Seat - Gives Democrats a 60 Vote SuperMajority:: 
 Straight to youtube release of HD feature length documentary::  'HOME'...a call to action film... 
 hollywood like 4 minute scene of a bear and cougar captured on film... 
 Cool time lapsed images of Milky Way Rising over Texas Star Party...  
 Go John Doerr! Showing some passion around 'Green'... 
 Strategically evolving brands and building new projects specifically for customers... 
 Impressed w/ Richard Elkus wisdom & perspective and call for American competitiveness...
 Study: Organic Products Selling Strong Despite Economy....  (thanks Harold for this post!)
 Voted for 8tracks for People's Voice voting for the Webby Awards... 
 Make some green...Royalty free patents for Sustainable Development: www.wbcsd.org/web/epc/
 Will twitter change the landscape of how we communicate? 
 Check out this great mix my friend David put together called "Sampler", goto 
 The Future of Touch technologies popularized by the iPhone...
 I just programmed Slumdog parody... 'Wetback Millionaire' on www.LatinLounge.tv...thank you LaCoacha!
 people respond to social machines as though they were truly human...communication shift?... what about Twitter?  A = Yes
 just had a great chat with angel investor Frank Peters...check him out... www.thefrankpetersshow.com
 I am signing the courage petition 
 Cool...thank you Sumaya..."If you can't explain something simply, then you don't understand it well enough." --Albert Einstein
 Looking for and making connections with experts in Mobile Latin America...suggestions welcome!
 Is looking for Ad Agency contacts in Mexico, Brazil, & Argentina
 Pounding the job search pavement!   Web 2.0, Mobile, e-Commerce, Sustainability/ Consumer Clean-Tech, Interactive Agency, Biz Consulting
 Yoga with Rusty Wells...so needed it.   Big day tomorrow!  For me that is...yes for Obama too.
 academy of science then to baker beach
 Is putting on his gaming hat...to see how he can position himself for a Marketing Role at TrionWorld.
 HOT! A solar-powered car goes around the globe without using a single drop of fuel...
 Just back from a packed showing of the film 'Milk' at the Castro Theatre.   Two thumbs ups!
 Take 30 sec to vote for 8tracks for "Best Bootstrapped Startup" (they've raised $80k): 
 Is loving the beautiful San Francisco weather!
 is off to Little Baobab to give a short talk to NSHMBA members on importance of connections & building social capital
 putting together a fundraising pitch on December 10th or 11th...not the best time or a lot of time to get a bunch of angels in a room!
 Just got myself into both Keiretsu Capital Expo and WebPlay!   Now how to juggle both.
 First of several mtgs with Venture Capital - this one with NVP.   Trying to get a lay of the land and further relationships.
 First time attending Hispanics In Philanthropy tonight...www.hiponline.org.  Looking forward to it!
 contemplating briefly these words "a wise person knows how not to get into situations that a smart person knows how to get out of"
 gearing up for fundraising for a start-up.
 hustling...you?
 Off to Wedding on Halloween!  Hope it doesn't start raining.  But the big night out is tomorrow...Ghost Ship on Treasure Island...aarrrrr
 Working on Sponsor Pack for a Latino Green Summit idea i have as part of QueVerde.com sprouting out launch...
 Coffee w/ Mike Segal at Guidewire Group a good place to send Entrepreneurs. Reviewed their involvement in next year's Venture Forum.
 Working out of East Village.   NY weather has been treating me well.
 First few days in NYC...love it!   Great weather.   So far biz meetings going well...big tomorrow at Portada Conference.
 Independent: Palin very little substance.  Did not convince she had experience or judgement to be VP.  Biden showed substance & experience.
 QueVerde   Going to Coalition For Clean Air fundraiser at City Club... 
 Off to CTIA again today...pitching Latino Mobile content among other things.
 back from Spurning Man (ocean beach).   shizzy did a good set...folks were having fun.  heard rumor the real man didn't burn...too windy.
 Our Obama Car Art submission won!    Check it out...www.infectious.com/voting/Juanpa/amoreslarevolucin/123  Thank you for those who voted!
 Is asking followers to VOTE for an Obama Car Art design he collaborated on.... 
 Getting conversations started with National Brands about multi-platform concepts targeting different Hispanic segments...fun!
 Doing some prep work for next Hispanic Venture Forum in October in Silicon Valley.
 In Chicago at HQ of new Chicago Latino Lifestyle Magazine...hoping to meet up with dp get my 8tracks.com update
 phone interview format was tougher than i thought...thank you for listening any of you that tuned in.  hasta pronto (soon)!
 
 I'll be on Talk Radio at 11am Today..."What is Social Capital and why is that changing the landscape of how we communicate?"
 working on next Hispanic Venture Forum...exploring more venture oriented media partnerships...met today with Vator.tv
 QueVerde.com splash page up!
 struggling with constant contact ):
 recovering from epic White Cloud Party...at Mermaid House and generous host Michael Logue :)
 bruno in town...feels like old times.
 promoting band Pacifika to Myspace Latino, Cyloop, QuePasa, and others!
 SF web 2.0 expo was underwhelming but glad it was in town.  made a few connections to follow-up with.
 just finished hearing a Green webcast interesting info from CarbonFund.org.  check them out!
 getting ready to participate in a pink slip political photo shoot.
 Finished first draft plan for an online Latino Green Media Property.
 Great Haas event that included the author of Cradle to Cradle.
 The Business is Green Communities: Sustainable Design Our Times Challenge
 working on a methodology to create vivid stories about color...branding project.  collaboration with Logue Studio Design
 Lunch 2.0 at CastTV was cool meeting mobile product strategist Mario Tapia
 partying with nieghboor girls... almost makes me miss being in college:)
 back from Lunch 2.0 hosted by e-Storm.
 On call discussing producing a Latino NASCAR Reality TV show.
 fantastic meeting with BAVC...they are all over helping LatinLounge.tv launch the first ever Latino Youth curated short film channel!
 power session with senior neesiak ... supah saucy wheel driving pinche quey!  his advice... "one lover will make your life so much easier"
 Great meeting with Pepsi Co. and our innovative thinking Center Store buyer.  My Latino Grocery store client rocks!
 GreenGorilliaLounge!  Good music - M3!  Good laugh - dp and I thought we heard Kate say 'porn dirty somethings' not 'bored thirty somethings
 Aye madre mia!  I have a Tuesday meeting with Norwest Venture Partners which I didn't set-up...  where's the just add water VC pitch?!!!
 Back from 1on1 power finance session with Sampled + Sorted digital music guru David Porter - .
 Stressing about who is going to build my Blog Hub(-;
 Looking for Word-Press Guru!
 LatinLounge.tv just got a small face lift(-;
 Another meeting with a video distribution platform.  Needing to step up the content acquisition front for LatinLounge.tv.
 Just signed-up for a free trial of RingCentral.  Call me at 415-738-8017!
 Just back from LA.  NALIP conference was great!  Met a lot of filmmakers and had good business meetings with TotalAxis and RocketXL.
