 Plaster: As you may or may not recall, the wood paneling on the office walls was one of the first things to come down  
 RT   Happy Friday!     
 An Early Birthday: Click on the picture to really see it.Josh and I enjoyed a Bob Dylan concert tonight as an early bi 
 An Early Birthday: Josh and I enjoyed a Bob Dylan concert tonight as an early birthday treat for him. I can't believe  
 Summertime: It was really one of those nearly perfect summer weekends. We saw the final Harry Potter at the IMAX in 3d 
   Thanks for complimenting my earrings! :)
  I thought for sure that  was going to tip over and break a leg. Honey has been very cuddly lately. :)
 Onwards and upwards: Joshua has been worked on the office this week. He was able to get the walls and ceiling scraped  
 My Wedding Dress Arrived!: I was thrilled when I came in the door from yoga to find a box containing my dress. YES! I' 
 My Wedding Dress Arrived!: I was thrilled when I came in the door from yoga to find a box containing my dress. YES! I' 
 I'm  Bossypants by Tina Fey 
 5 of 5 stars to Catching Fire by Suzanne Collins 
 Last day for    Giving away chain and hole punch pliers.
 5 of 5 stars to The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins 
 RT  First Friday Giveaway - Chain + Hole Punch Pliers 
 5 of 5 stars to Stamped Metal Jewelry by Lisa Niven Kelly 
 RT  First Friday Giveaway - Chain + Hole Punch Pliers 
  You are welcome. It is a beautiful book. I think I'm going to give it as a gift to a friend next month.
 5 of 5 stars to Vintage Jewelry Design by Caroline Cox 
 My Hardworking Man: Although he came in for a short nap (as seen above), Josh worked outside pretty much all day long  
 Ding Dong: Projects, projects, projects....While Joshua installed our new doorbell (ding dong) and I was slaving away  
 Father's Day: This is my first Father's Day with no father. It is still so new, it has been a little tough this week.  
  great advice, thanks!
 Any advice on how to  artichokes?
  Those vases are awesome!
  I did. It is always nice to see friends. I got in a little late because I was sick. But, I healed up just in time. Yay!
  I know. One of these days we'll cross paths. :)
 RT  "I have tried the rest and yours is always the best and I never have to worry about the wire breaking or fraying."  ...
  Yes, we can see each other just about every single day on twitter or facebook, but face-to-face is so nice sometimes!
  Oh no! I'm so sad that I missed you! They often mention when someone asks for me, but they rarely seem to get the name. :)
 Over the moon: Our book files are in the hands of our editor and I could not be happier or more proud of what we accom 
  I can't remember if I shared my blog post about your charm or not. 
  Home from Bead&Button! How was everyone's trip?  
 RT  Belated TY         ...
  How did I miss your tweet? Oops. Yes, I made it to Milwaukee and back again.
  Yay! Your prize should be there shortly. :)
  Thanks Kristen, I love Hint!
  It was awfully nice to see you in person!
  I don't think I saw you this past weekend. What rock were you hiding under? :)
 RT  We are enjoying time with all our bead friends!       ...
  Thanks for following 
  Hi Carol, you won my blo g giveaway. Please email me sara :)
 Odd jobs: I came home from studying today to find Joshua pulling up the carpet in our front outdoor entrance. I have d 
 Roof rat solutions in Arcadia.: It breaks my heart to report that we are cutting down one of the grapefruit trees. Aft 
 Wedding invitations are underway!: Our friend Kristen Fagan is designing our wedding invitations. We are so excited! S 
 Roof Rat in Toilet Arcadia Home Phoenix Arizona: Late last night I found myself googling a new phrase that I'd never c 
 Meredith's Graduation from Prescott College: Josh and I spent Sunday in beautiful Prescott, AZ attending Meredith's gr 
  Just getting in now. :)
  Lisa lou?
  I love your blog. :)
 Another year done and gone....: Today was probably one of the most low key birthdays that I've ever had, but consideri 
  Oh no!!! I am so sad that I missed the shop. Boo hoo.
 Wedding Dress Bliss: Went to "Bridesmaids" with my bridesmaids.I can't begin to describe how much I needed a break fro 
 YES! 1,000 followers on the SoftFlexGirl blog.    
  Ah yes, I can only imagine.
 4 more followers until we reach 1,000!  Wish confetti would drop and horns would sound at the magic moment!
 Creating a design is more fun than explaining in writing how to recreate it. In other words, writing instructions is a drag! Yay Monday!
 994 blog followers for SoftFlexGirl, can't wait to reach 1,000!    
 Mother's Day: “All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother” - Abraham LincolnIt is another gorgeous eve 
 TGIF: Cross your fingers again. The place that my Mom wants went into foreclosure right when she placed her bid a few  
 Lost Luggage - A Character Building Moment: American Airlines lost our luggage on our way to Oklahoma City, the night  
 Decompressing in Oklahoma City: The past two weekends were really tough. We didn't get a whole lot of down time, but w 
 Family: There is no two ways about it, losing my Dad has been difficult. However, I feel indescribably grateful for my 
 My dad on hospice care: This is hard to write, but there is no getting around the truth. I might as well say it here s 
 Steve Wozniak, co-founder of Apple: Joshua and I headed down to ASU this evening to see Steve Wozniak, co-founder of A 
 RT  Listening to  a genius and legend in modern computing! Go 
 RT  Honestly, the Woz just gained a lot of respect points in my book with his humility and passion for truly bettering peopl ...
 RT  Steve Wozniak, "Happiness = Smiles - Frowns." 
 RT   thank you for an informative and funny lecture. Inspiring. 
 RT  Thank you to  for bringing  to campus. Twas an very inspirational talk! 
 At Asu listening to Steve Wozniak. 
 Pomegranates, roses, trumpet vine flowers, a strawberry and a bird in our orchid tree: Our new yard offers me hours of 
 At a Phoenix Rose Society meeting.
 Time flies when you're having fun....: Is the weekend already over? Is it really already mid-April? Sheesh, time sure  
  Ooooh, I love Buffalo Exchange. Nice neighbor!
 RT  Former Arizona Gov. Rose Mofford feted; donates award: Former Arizona Gov. Rose Mofford - who was feted as AZ Ma... ...
 RT  Rose Mofford has a heart as big as her hairdo  it was great to hear her speak today, reminded me of ...
 The Hall of Dames: Joshua and I got a treat for lunch today. We got to see 3 out of 4 of Arizona's female Governors. I 
 RT  I only use Soft Flex Made in USA beading wire 
  Thanks for the really nice tweet about our wire. :)
 RT  Join us in just about an hour for  - 1pm pacific RT  We're talking Fielding Offers
  Welcome home and maybe even back to beading?
 RT  iggy, if you're going to be on American Idol put a shirt on.
  Are you officially home now?
 RT  A hundred men may make an encampment, but it takes a woman to make a home. -Chinese Proverbs
 4 of 5 stars to Wire Art Jewelry Workshop by Sharilyn Miller 
 RT  We're up to 36 projects in my GO GREEN linky party- all recycled, handmade  Make sure you add YOURS, too! ht ...
  I added one! I always save the bits of Soft Flex to use in designs. Most throw them out.
  You deserve amazing! Glad you had a nice time. :)
 RT     Sara, it was *amazing*!
 RT  RT  For those of you who asked what SocialSpark is - they are a service that matches you with paid posts  ...
 Great conversation going on at  about blog ads today.  
 RT  Coconut milk vegetable curry: 
  Guatemala looks wonderful.
 Whoa! 2 followers away from 900 on my SoftFlexGirl blog. 
 RT  Blog Giveaway - Craft Wire + WigJig -  
 Grand Tour of Gardens in Phoenix: Joshua won tickets for a home garden tour. It was really neat. We saw 6 home gardens 
 How much wood can a woodchuck chuck?: Instead of hauling our pile of scraps from pruning to the dump, we decided to re 
 RT  Don't miss  and    ...
 Authoring a book on jewelry design: I usually don't talk too much about my work life on this blog, but I have big enou 
 RT  Another great blog from Soft Flex Company ! Best Wire ever! 
 Crossing my fingers: Exciting news! My Mom is putting an offer down on a patio home about a mile and a half from our h 
 Hong Kong Orchid Trees: Imagine my surprise this evening when I noticed that our Hong Kong Orchid Tree has full blooms 
  Thanks for sharing the details about donating beads! :)
 RT  Earrings I made with walking on sunshine crystal jams and yellow Soft Flex. 
  Can I show your "walking on sunshine" earrings using yellow Soft Flex on our blog?
   Soft Flex .019 is a little thicker and stronger than .014. :)
   Great answer! .014 is fine for just pearls. If mixing in other beads too, .019 will string 85% of fw pearls too.
 Fresh juice: Our juicer arrived today. Both Joshua and I had a fresh glass of oj after he got home from work. I honest 
 More growth: I am surprised every single time I hang out in our yard. Things are growing so quickly. It was overcast a 
       Thanks for the  You guys rock!
 Bodyworlds at the Arizona Science Center amongst other news: Josh and I took his Mom to Bodyworlds tonight. It is such 
 Purple blooms: Josh's mom arrived today with her dog Luke. As I was helping her move him into our back yard, I noticed 
 Spring Break: Our First Rose 2011It is Spring Break! I'm so excited to have a break from school and from homework. Jos 
 Mystery plants: Rhubarb?Daffodils?Onion?Our rose bushes on the side of the house have some friends. Randomly growing i 
   Thank goodness for straws.
  Great chat! 
  We looked at socialmention.com and were a little disappointed in what it offered. 
  I've used MyBlogLog. 
   That is interesting too! 
 RT  RT  You can also find out if anyone is copying your pictures or content & not linking back 
   Oooh, I'll have to read this series on GA for crafters later.  Thanks! 
 RT  Here's a whole series on Google Analytics for Crafters from    
  That is neat! I didn't realize that you could share your stats with a separate password. 
  Great questoin, I have no idea why there is such a discrepancy. I've seen that too! 
  That is interesting. :)
 RT  Every time someone "professional" has asked for my stats, they have wanted to see my google analytics. 
 Oh yes, and I love google alerts,  - 
 I use the blogger stats and google analytics,  -  
 I'm Sara from Soft Flex Company, beading wire manufacturer.  
 Hey excessive tweeting for the next hour due to  Come join us! 
  Too much chatter? :)
 Respect the thorn: “He who wants a rose must respect the thorn.”-Persian ProverbJoshua and I attacked the largest  
  I liked that slider too! Yum!
 Just got home from the food and wine festival  at the 
   Thanks, I hope I enjoy it too!
  Accessories help a lot in changing from day to night. Jewelry, scarves, belts, shows, purses, etc.
  You will not complain. :)
 RT  My sentiments as well! RT  if we are going to continue to destroy the earth, it will continue to destroy us  ...
 RT          
  It looks like such a good read. Guess I know what I'll be doing this weekend when I find free time. :)
 UPS just dropped off "Vintage Jewelry Design" by Caroline Cox on my doorstep. Yay! 
  Thanks. We are still new home owners and trying to figure out all of the schedules and what not. :)
  How often does bulk trash get picked up in Phx? We missed the last one.
 Citrus Gleaning: Look at those happy little faces! These two little guys are the twin sons of our friends Chris and Al 
 Mountain View Family Physicians on  I met with Doctor Mayy Deadrick a few weeks ago and immediately felt at ea... 
 Simply Dentistry on  Last week, I had my first appointment with Simply Dentistry. Doctor Tran and her dental h... 
  I was just thinking THAT! I'd totally trade beads for fruit. Hahaha!
  I wish you were my neighbor too. I'm certain that I'd be in your shop frequently! Thank goodness for online! 
 Our fruitful yard.: Sooooooo, we have 5 Sweet Arizona Orange Trees and 5 Grapefruit Trees. Guess what that means? A wh 
 RT  Choose your fav color crystal squaredelle findings  for  and  - $84.50 value!  h ...
 Pet Adopt-a-thon: Josh and I took Honey to a Pet Adopt-a-thon today at the Franciscan Renewal Center. We've been throw 
 RT   a set of crystal squaredelle beads, toggles, spacer bars and charms!    ...
  yw. I love pandora.
 RT  A lot going on in  today! Come check out the  & the  Indian Fair! Then grab a bite t ...
  Do you have a computer or a smart phone? Use Pandora. Put in your favorite artist and they create a radio station for you.
 RT  We're at Melrose Street Fair, 7th Ave and Indian School! So many cool art vendors here! 
 Going to a Pet Adopt-a-thon at the Franciscan Renewal Center today - open until 3pm.     
 Yoga was tough today - I'll definitely be sore but that is a good thing.    Second Heart 
    You are all very welcome! :)
  Thanks for sharing our giveaway. Hope you have a really lovely weekend!
 RT  RT  Giveaway - a set of matching crystal toggles, spacer bars, beads, etc   - http:// ...
  Teal is one of my favorite colors right now...but pumpkin and plum are pretty great too. :)
 Giveaway - a set of matching crystal toggles, spacer bars, beads, etc    - 
  neat-o peeps         
 RT   hugs to          ...
 Golem Studio Beads + Soft Flex Extreme Beading Wire Giveaway on Andrew Thornton's blog:   
  Giveaway - a set of matching crystal toggles, spacer bars, beads, etc   - 
 Girls' Night + Jake: Jake, Jaime & MariettaSince Josh was out of town for a business trip, I had a few girlfriends ove 
   I love the sparkle. :)
 RT  Check out our latest closeout! Pliers, Pleather, Power Pro!     ...
  Soft Touch is more flexible than Soft Flex, but they are equal in durability and strength. :)
 Don't miss this guest post on my blog about the CHA show!    
  Soon, you'll be tweeting up a storm. :)
  If you like blogging and facebook, you'll love twitter. :)
 Sad that I missed  tonight. I've joined a great little studio called Second Heart Yoga in  Affordable AND great teachers!
    and  stores
  You should ask some of the people on our Soft Flex Sellers List. I'll send you a link. :)
  Hi Licia, did you find some colored Soft Flex  wire by the yard?  
 RT  Please retweet:  Looking for colored soft flex beading wire, by the yard... anyone?
 RT  Made with soft flex beading wire, aquamarine beads & Swarvoski crystals. Secured with crimping beads.  ...
 I felt very disappointed in the lack of   at the Oscars.   
 Wide Open Spaces - Winter Photos of Southern Arizona: Joshua and I made a quick weekend trip down to Cochise to spend  
 RT  If we had a necklace drinking game, there would be no need for designated drivers tonight. 
  Hahaha!!!
 RT  RT  During commercials, check out retrospective of great red carpet jewelry moments at  ...
 RT     -- PLEASE ASK ABOUT THE JEWELS!!!!!! 
  So fun. I can't wait to go home and watch. I am dvr-ing it right now. 
  I have it all dvr-ing at home. But I can almost imagine everything from reading the tweets.
 Love that there is an  hashtag.
  Giada's Turkey Meatloaf is a fave. Google for recipe.
 RT  Facebook ‘Like’ Button Takes Over Share Button Functionality - 
 RT  If customer service is important to you, pick up these two books (video review here) -  (cc  ...
 Snow. Cold. 
 RT  Artbeads.com sent me this special code and asked me to pass it on: ZZ-DESIGNER-0211 Use it when purchasing...  ...
 RT       blog -  great    ...
  Sometimes I've noticed that the fb pages take a little longer to update with new content but eventually it shows up.
 RT    wonderful  store for all of your  needs!
 RT    "The world's largest selection of  -  store that carries Soft Flex  wire.
 RT    Has to be one of the cutest websites for  ever! Store is in Freeport, Maine. And....they carr ...
 RT    Opened since 2004, this  store is in Lowell, Mass! They offer  classes too!
 RT   We know that there are lots of options out there. It means a lot to us that you only choose ours! Thank y ...
 Time for tranquility - yoga!: In an attempt to feel healthier, I am trying an unlimited monthly pass at a yoga studio
  Thanks for sharing our crimping pliers closeout. Hope you are having a lovely Thursday.
 RT  Magical crimping pliers 60% off  's blog! 
  Don't you cry!
 Slaving away at my macroeconomics 
 RT  A little teaser for the Bead Soup Blog Party reveal coming up this Saturday! 
 RT  Lark Jewelry & Beading has a new Facebook page.  Check it out and LIKE it! 
  Giada has such good recipes.
  Next time, no vday gifts that hurt. I am terrified of how painful this is going to be. Could be why I put it off.
 RT  Soft Flex Company Glass Art & Bead Festival - Honolulu, HI 
 RT  Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, It is about learning to dance in the rain.
 The Bernina Connection on  I stopped in this store today to check out the latest Amy Butler fabrics. I left fe... 
 Visited  store Bernina Connection in  today. They have such nice and colorful fabrics! Beautiful store!  
 I love Amy Butler   Making special tablecloths using her fabric for our  in November. So fun!
 Watching "No strings attached" with my best friend  
  You have such nice paintings, you should show them off.  
  I used your online portfolio for my art class and noticed.
  Why don't you load more of your other paintings on your website? There are only 2.
 Flipping through Bead & Button Class Catalog, thinking about possibly taking a class on Wed night or Thurs morn.  
 Exploring new ideas.     
 Enjoyed a trip to Postinos tonight. Love that place!  
 Wonderful Valentine's Day: We had such a nice Valentine's Day. I made Josh's favorite dinner: steak, potatoes and brea 
 RT   - Thank you, Sara! We <3 Soft Flex!
   Hahaha - you already answered me. How sad?! That is an end of an era. I spent a lot of time in that tent.
   Interesting. How do you feel about moving in Tucson? Have you decided where you'll be next year?
 Jamie Hogsett used  beads in latest design - 
  No problem. We love R&T. Happy Hearts Day!!
 RT  RT  Happy Unnecessary Pressure on Your Relationship Day!
 I heart  beads 
 RT  Bead Artists, Get Your Spring Color Report Now!  via 
 Best Wedding Literature: I have been somewhat disappointed in most bridal magazines, shows and what not because they o 
 RT  Love love love this... 
  Hahaha! I love that people use  I think that might be the cutest hashtag I've seen yet.
 RT  Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.
 RT  Dreaming w/out doing is a farmer that toils to plow a field w/ no intent to sow seed & make use of the land
 RT  HA!!!  RT  needs a beginner's warning:  do not go for only six hours with a budget of $30. ...
 RT  "You don't need to have money to make a difference. Just a big heart." ~  RT  
 RT  Eat. Sleep. BEAD.
 Mama Java's Coffee House on  I've been in a few times but only to grab something and go. On Friday, I spent th... 
  It was. They offered the perfect atmosphere for studying. I'll definitely be going back.
 The Parlor on  Yum. Most times, I've been able to get a spot to park and sit fairly easily. The food is excell... 
 4 of 5 stars to Handmade Weddings by Eunice Moyle 
 Love: "That is what happens when you are in love. When you just want to say the person's name as many times as you can 
 Having a chai at Mama Java   
 RT  "A house is not a home without a pet."
 RT  Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. -Lucille Ball
 Love Soft Flex? Please link to us here:   Linky Love Party
 RT  Got a craft product you absolutely LOVE? Share it in my (first) linky party! 
 Learning more about twitter. Aha, the more used hashtag was not  it was  - ooh, I wonder if anyone used 
 Wedding beads: I was very excited to pick up some possible wedding beads in Tucson this year. It was fun but strange t 
  I can totally see that. Teaching can be tricky for just that reason.
  Hahaha - I'll avoid jeggings at all costs. Thanks!
 RT  Your life is your message to the world! Make it inspiring! Happy Fashion Week!
 RT  You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. Einstein
  That is a beautiful necklace on  - I like the braiding technique. :)
 Enter to win beading supplies!        
 RT  Don't miss this giveaway - 250 Soft Flex Beading Crimp Tubes, which are thicker than most and seamless....  ...
 Don't miss this giveaway - 250 Soft Flex Beading Crimp Tubes, which are thicker than most and seamless....  
  I totally am, but I do see a light at the end of the tunnel.
 Email, email, email and more email to catch up on from being gone for  and 
  :)
 RT  Tucson Gem Shows - Bargains at every turn    
 Done packing - Best Bead Show 
  I will.  gem and mineral is so wonderful. Glad you had a nice time.
 RT   have a good time for me!  I'm already having  withdrawals.
 RT   Gem Shows - It's not just gems and minerals  
 Last day in  at the Best Bead Show.
 Homesick: It is pretty hard to be away from home for 10 days. I so miss Josh and Honey.  9 months and counting until o 
 Bead friends, don't miss out on my latest giveaway - crimping pliers and a lg pack of crimps 
 RT   gem and mineral show is here! beautiful rocks! 
  Thanks for sharing my giveaway.
  = Exhausting
  Congrats on your new book.
  So sorry Eric, that is so hard. She is in my thoughts.  sucks
 Feeling zonked for the night. Time to put my feet up.
 Don't miss my February giveaway of crimping pliers and crimps   
 RT  The difference between failure and success is doing a thing nearly right & doing a thing exactly right! Happy Saturday!
 RT  Happy Saturday! Did you get your coupon in the newsletter? We know how you  <3  chain!  
 If you recently learned about Mike Sherman's spinal cord injury, here is a link to his blog - 
 RT  Tucson 
 RT  A free Vintaj project on Art Bead Scene! So cool! 
  Thank you.  I love it too. It is very special.
  No worries. We just missed you!!!
  Try breakfast at the blue willow some morning. I love that place too.
 RT   gives a great recap of our new products at the   ...
 RT  Final thoughts on  including how to get inspired by Eco-Fi felt! 
  Hope you feel better. I didn't even see you.
 RT  I'm still sick and recovering from  I'm so out of it I haven't even unpacked yet....
 RT  Love  & her recap of  I got to work with her at  booth all weekend!  ...
 RT  Vintaj Stamp Press Metal Embossing Folders with Sizzix...here's how it works!  
  Love El Charro 
 RT  At El Charro Cafe in   Feels good to sit down after the 
 RT  The   – What you need to know  via 
  So true, the Best Bead Show in is definitely the best. So nice to see you yesterday.
 RT  Best Bead Show lives up to it's name.  so much talent on display.
  Thanks for stopping by our booth in  yesterday.
  Was lovely to see you yesterday. Stay warm.
 Here I come Best Bead Show 
 Feeling as if it might take forever for us to get our boxes to finish packing. 
  Back to the real world. Stay warm.
  we are just busy little bees.
  will blog them soon too. :)
  Yes last day of  Posted my earrings using r&t beads on my facebook.
 Making earrings using fun heart beads from  at 
 Last day im LA for  Home tonight and then off to Tucson Best Bead show tomorrow.
 RT  We just returned from CHA - check out this fun preview video + DOZENS more videos from the show floor to come!! http:/ ...
 RT  RT  RT  Trend alert from the  - corrugated embellishments!  http: ...
 RT  Looking for piles of  pictures?  Check out 
  I lovef their make-it-take-it. So fun.
  thanks for the cool make-it-take-it yesterday.
 RT  Cool ring!  Here's a look at CHA from the  blog!   
 RT  RT  Here comes another 500 pics from the   You can enjoy them at   ...
 RT  Spent the day at the  with   and had so much fun visiting so many creative booths. Overloaded wi ...
 RT  One tired CraftTestDummy! Hope I can sleep on the red-eye home.   
 RT  RT  So many great "make and takes" at  Love that everyone is pluggin' my brand {wink}   ...
 RT    was crafters heaven! I met the coolest people and saw the latest innovations. I adored it!
 RT  Check out the latest photos from CHA, including lots of card samples!  
 RT  Trend alert from the  - corrugated embellishments!  
 RT  Facebook Ads Perform 5x Better Than Regular Banner Ads [STATS] - 
 Looking at the Hollywood sign from my hotel window. 
 RT   winners announced  ...
  day 3, here I come.
  No prob. I enjoyed the social media talk too.
 RT  HASH TAG CONFUSION: CHA's official Winter Show Hash Tag is  Please tell a friend 
 RT  Watching  at the  show. I love LA!
 Updated Wedding Website - 282 Days To Go!: 280 days seems like a really long time, but I have a feeling that it is goi 
 An Art History Assignment - An Autobiographical Collage: I tried to portray "joy". Although we've had a lot of grief t 
 El Charro on  I've visited Tucson each and every year for 12 years for the gem and mineral shows and I think I... 
 Blue Willow on  I look forward too the Blue Willow each and every year that I visit Tucson for the gem and min... 
 Puppy play date: Jaime and Mark have a new little puppy named Monty. He is just a big ball of fur with an itty bitty b 
  The steampunk event looks neat. Thanks for sharing!
 Best healthy meatloaf: This Turkey Meatloaf Recipe from Giada is honestly the BEST meatloaf I've ever had. Erin and I  
  No problem! See you there! :)
 Gnocci and Brussel Sprouts: One of my new year's resolutions is to cook more homemade meals for Joshua and I and to ea 
   This coupon can be used at BBS in Tucson. 
  Great - thanks for the info. :)
  Whoa! So oranges and grapefruit should be ripe soon? When does pomegranate ripen?
  The waiting time for resin is not my cup of tea.
 RT  Playing with resin is a lot like babysitting: Are you full? Are you warm enough? Are you wet and leaking? 
  What kinds of fruit trees do you have? We're in a new home and have orange, grapefruit and pomegranate.
 RT  Did you see the nice things Jenny Wilson of Soft Flex said about us? 
  Whoa, using your time wisely. Nice!
  Whoa! What will you do with all of your free time? Wish I was closer. I'd come visit.
  Have you been tweeting up a storm?
  How long are you all by yourself in Tucson for? :(
  Any time, Margie!!!
  Good luck, I hope that the pattern works out. :)
   I'm on strike from doing dishes, but I live in Arizona and it is easy to get distracted by the really nice weather right now.
 Awesome giveaway - Soft Flex Pro Chain Nose Pliers! 
 RT  First Friday Giveaway - Professional Soft Flex Pliers 
 Arizona Bridal Show: I'm not sure how much we actually accomplished at the Arizona Bridal Show today, but we sure had  
 Beads for Busy Gals: The Treasure of Failure 
 Soft Flex Company Spotlight...  via 
 Arizona Bridal Show: I'm not sure how much we actually accomplished at the Arizona Bridal Show today, but we sure had  
 Josh's Grandma Evelyn: It certainly wasn't easy, but we made it through Evelyn's mass today at Our Lady of Perpetual H 
 10 months and counting down: Is it too early to start a countdown for the wedding? Our wedding day is exactly 10 month 
 Snow Days: Our family.Our Christmas present from Josh's dad. It is an entryway table. He just needs to add the wood pl 
  I know. The perfect fit in more ways than one. Thanks for sharing my joy.:)
  Thanks. I love it.
 Our engagement ring!: We picked up our ring today. It is beautiful. I can't stop staring at it and I certainly cannot  
 A new year: Tomorrow morning we are heading down to Josh's parent's ranch in Cochise County for the New Year holiday.  
 5 of 5 stars to Ceramic Bead Jewelry by Jennifer Heynen 
 Christmas 2010: I wish that I could say that today was merry, but that simply is not the case. Josh's grandma died yes 
 Josh's Great Aunt Dorothy: Earlier this week Josh's great aunt Dorothy passed away. It was a little bit of a shock to  
 Ready, set, go!: The pile of packages under the tree continues to grow, and I think we are feeling very ready for the  
 You could win an Apple iPad! · Jewelry Making | CraftGossip.com 
 RT  Beautiful necklace w/ colored beading wire: 
  Oh me too. Your cookies were a nice change from the ginger cookies. :)
 Lazy Sunday:  
 One week until Christmas...: What have I been doing? Baking lots and lots of cookies. I have baked so many cookies and 
 RT  Books are the new "I'm in a band."
 Locked out again...: Josh's Mom and GrandmaI've locked myself out of this house twice now in the past two weeks. I ser 
 My best girlfriend: My friendship with Erin is priceless. We have shared ups and downs, rights and wrongs, sadness and 
 One massive tree: Our tree is taking up half of our living room. It is huge and beautiful. Yay Christmas! 
  No - AZ sunsets are always pretty awesome. :)
   Friday!!!!
  Thanks for being so wonderful!
 RT  Also  love to        ...
  I totally understand. A me day sounds very nice. :)
 Amazon for a wedding registry?: Joshua and I are both huge fans of technology and even bigger fans of convenience. We  
  You can always order beading wire online. :)
  I clicked to rate your project, but it doesn't seem to be responding. You may want to check on it.
  Great interview Margie. I shared it on facebook too. :)
 RT  Read my interview with Lark Books:
 RT  Blog Giveaway - Jewelry Making eMag 
 RT  Last day to enter to win Soft Flex Craft Wire!!! 
 RT   's  blog has a Handcrafted Jewelry studio free magazine give away!!    ...
 RT  Win new emag full of videos & projects! RT  Handcrafted Jewelry Studio Giveaway 
 Win a free copy of Handcrafted Jewelry Studio Emag. 
 RT  Want to get your hands on six spools of FREE Soft Flex Company Craft Wire? Enter this week's Thursday Giveaway!  ...
 RT  Andrew Thornton is giving away some of Soft Flex's new and very colorful Craft Wire on his blog.... 
 RT  Free chance to win Soft Flex wire!!  The Writing and Art of Andrew Thornton: Thursday Giveaway... 
 RT  :D x 100. Guess who is the featured artist for Soft Flex for December 2010! 
 Full of energy - house update: I was really energetic this weekend. I think that I'm finally feeling like myself again 
 Our wedding website: We've set up a wedding website so that our friends and family can easily find information as it b 
 Save-the-dates: Our first and largest batch of save-the-dates and holiday cards went out in the mail today. Now, it is 
 Save-the-dates: Our first and largest batch of save-the-dates and holiday cards went out in the mail today. Now, it is 
 A new dishwasher!: Joshua and I toyed around with the idea of a dishwasher for Christmas instead of traditional gifts  
