 We are wishing everyone a safe and Happy New Year. Please designate a driver or call for a ride home.
 Merry Christmas to all of you. We hope this holiday is filled with love, laughter and food!
 Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! What are you most thankful for today?
 Our crew would like to send out a giant THANK YOU to our Veterans!
 Happy Birthday to the US Marine Corps! Thanks to all your Devil Dogs out there.
 Tonight we fall back. Don’t forget to set your clocks back and get an extra hour of sleep!
 Happy Halloween! Are you dressing up today? What is your costume?
 If you are lucky enough to have them still around, be sure to give love to your grandparents today, it's Grandparent's Day.
 Labor Day- the day we celebrate the American Worker by giving them a day off!
 It's Duran Duran Appreciation Day. RT and Sing out with your favorite hit!
 It's National Clown Week. Your thoughts on clowns?
 Who's be practicing the routine? Here is Dance Day Flash Mob event info for tomorrow. 
 This Saturday is National Dance Day! Here's a little routine if you wanna celebrate. Will you go out and dance on Sat? 
 It's Legal Drinking Age Day! To those 21+ what is your favorite adult beverage & where do you go to get it?
 July is National Park & Recreation Month. What is your favorite local park? Have you been there yet this summer?
 Who are you rooting for, Spain or Netherlands?
 What's everybody got planned for the weekend? Any local events we should know about?
 RT   Fav video game...Ms Pac Man.  I'm old school. - And the ONLY one to respond with Ms. PacMan. LOVE IT!
 It's National Video Game Day! Too bad Google doesn't have Pac-Man today. What video game is your all time favorite?
 Tonight watching fireworks a little girl said "OOOO It reminds me of freedom!" Did you hear any great reactions to fireworks from kids?
 Happy 4th of July! What is your favorite way to celebrate our independence?
 Let others learn from your excellent example. Tell us three ways that you "Go Local" 
 Celebration of the Sense Day! Stop & smell the roses. Eat something delicious. Look at fine art. What will you do to celebrate?
 Happy Father's Day to all the dads. What is the best lesson your dad ever taught you?
 Everyone deserves a sweet treat in the middle of the week. It's National Fudge Day. Where will you go to get the best fudgy delight in town?
 Today is Nature Photography Day. What local spot has the best photo op? 
 Raise your flags, it's Flag Day!
 It's National Best Friends Day! Who is your best friend and where did you meet?
 Summer is officially here! What is your favorite local summer celebration, festival, parade, concert, or event?
 Memorial Day is more than just a day off. Please remember those who have been lost fighting for our freedom today. We thank & salute you.
 Many of us are getting a 3 day weekend, what are your plans?
 Got 60 seconds to show love for Newport Beach? 
 Shop locally & Meat Free Mondays, easy small changes that make a big difference. Where is the best veggie dish in town? 
 We love our unique local businesses & they need all of us. Join us and support your community. 
 TGIF tweeps. Saturdays mean errands & fun for the family. If you shop local, sign up 4 My Local Pledge.  
 Who loves Newport Beach? Help us get people to “go local” and earn $$ at the same time. 
 A HUGE thanks to the men and women of the military today. It's Armed Forces Day and we appreciate you!
 Lots of us commute on Monday because we live & work in different cities. Where do you spend the most time & money? Where you live or work?
 Today we send a special thank you to the Mothers out there. Without you there would be none of us. Thank You.
 Great           
  Thanks for the RT and the great link!
 Happy Friday everyone. Tell us something exciting happening this weekend. What are your big plans?
 Being green, community involved & giving back are phrases we hear all the time. We want to know what does "Go Local" mean to you?
  We want everyone in Newport to GO LOCAL! Help spread the word? 
 Happy Cinco De Mayo! We are inspired and want to eat the best Mexican food in the city, where should we go?
 Mother's Day is this Sunday. How many Mothers are in your life to celebrate? How are you planning to enjoy the day?
 If you were gonna spend $50 in a local business, where would you go? Go Pledge & then tell us! 
 Donate to a local charity? Love a local restaurant? Shop the farmers market? Make a My Local Pledge now & tell friends! 
 We love Newport Beach's unique local businesses & they need all of us. Make your Local Pledge now! 
 Cousin, thou shall not doubteth, today is Talk Like Shakespeare Day.
 Today is Earth Day. Pay special attention to the beauty that is around you and do your best to preserve our home, today and everyday.
 It's Administrative Professionals Day. Treat your assistant to lunch or don’t get any calls for the rest of the day!
 Thursday is Take Your Daughter to Work Day. Are you bringing your daughter to work?
 Not only are your taxes due today but it's National THIS SUCKS Day. Makes sense to us.
 Tell 3,000 people about your local event instantly. Get more donations, volunteers, customer, eye on YOU! 
 It's ASPCA Day. Give your animals extra love today and remember those that are suffering. Help Stop Animal Cruelty.
 That Easter Bunny sure left a ton of candy here, we will be eating it for weeks. What is your favorite kind of Easter candy?
 Good Monday Morning Everyone! Big question of the day: Who felt the Easter earthquake?
 Here's to all the little ones trying to find their hidden Easter eggs and baskets! Have a wonderful Easter.
 Going local is good for the environment and good for your wallet. Tell your neighbors about you.
 PILLOW FIGHT LA Tomorrow! Grab your softest pillow, take of your glasses and get ready to fight! 
 Have you ever successfully executed or been the victim of an April Fools joke? What was it?
 Spring Break is here! Where do you take your out-of-towners for the best local scenic view to get that perfect photo?
 It's National Mom & Pop Business Owner's Day. Today we salute the small business owner.
 Our grassroots online community needs your help. Want to tell your neighbors about you? Here's how. 
 Please show our home you care and participate in Earth Hour today at 8:30pm. Conserve energy for at least one hour with your community.
 Fantastic      
 Yesterday was National Puppy Day. We still want to know from all you dog lovers what is the best thing about your pooch?
 PILLOW FIGHT! Grab your softest pillow, take of your glasses and get ready to fight! April 3rd LA does World Pillow Fight 
 Worried about job security or living in debt? 3/25 Agel Training teaches you to increase cash flow. For details-jprietomendoza
 Starbucks makes it an extra sweet morning with a free pastry today! 
  too many car bombs brought me to my desk hung over today! =)
  OOOOOOOO pumkin walnut waffles. sounds delicious!
 We over did it last night on both corned beef AND green beer. HELP US PLEASE: What is your favorite hangover cure?
 Beware of the leprechauns trying to steal your pot of gold today! Happy St. Patrick's Day.
 St. Patrick's Day is this week. Are you Irish? What green traditions do you have planned for Wednesday?
 Don't forget to set your clocks forward tonight!
 Your community wants to hear what you have to say, here's how you can tell them.
 Happy  98th Birthday Girl Scouts! What is your favorite Girl Scout cookie? Anybody still selling some? Tell us where!
 It's National Sleep Awareness Week. For those of us who don't get enough sleep. What is your favorite way to wake up? 
 The President asks us to read the facts. Information is meant to be shared. Please read & share. 
 The 10th of March is Learn What Your Name Means Day. What does your name mean? 
 RT  Free fun at Dana Point whale festival    
 March 21st is LA Marathon & its coming fast!  Anyone training to run the marathon? Anyone planning to cheer someone on? 
 Many people have viewing parties, voting ballots, or various traditions around watching the Oscars. What are your Oscar plans?
 Girls Write Now Day is tomorrow! Inspire creative girls to put pen to paper & explore their unique, creative voice. 
 Like to read about community events, sponsor your own post, here's how
  Perhaps next year someone will be inspired to do something experimentally! ;)
 Great Newport Beach      
 Today is National Do Something Day. What are you going to do to celebrate?
 USPS requesting 5 day mail week. No more Saturday mail, makes a huge difference or not a biggie? 
 Mar 2 is NEA Read Across America Day. Here are great books to read aloud with your kids. Go to the library & pick one up. 
 Print advertising is a thing of the past. Why spend thousands of $$ just to get thrown away? 
 Tweeps that make us smile       
 It's Washington's birthday AND National Cherry Pie Day, think its a coincidence? The best cherry pie in town is.....
 Happy 278th Birthday to our first President.
 We at City Sites want to donate Sunday's City Post to charity. What local charity is should we feature?
 Would you like to have 3,000 people in your community hear about your business or event?
 It's Random Act of Kindness Day. What will you do to give a smile to someone today? 
 In honor of today, we are wondering who is your favorite President?
 Who loves Chai? Coffee Bean has a free offer today. Check it out! 
 This video is too amazing not to share. Happy Friday everyone. 
 Tip 4 today: In your phone, list your "In Case of Emergency" contact as just that instead of their name. Helps responders find your VIP.
 If your Valentine is expecting something special don't wait til the last minute. Local hot spots book up fast!
 Have you ever volunteered in your community? If so, what charity and why?
 We are so proud of West Hollywood. We think all cities should follow suit. Even pure breeds have rescues. 
 Black History Month starts today. Celebrate the social, scientific & political contributions of our African... 
 Chocolate lovers, since it IS National Chocolate Cake Day...where would you go to get the best cake? 
 Today is National Chocolate Cake Day! Whip out grandma's special recipe or a box of Betty Crocker and GO CRAZY! 
 To celebrate restaurant week we want to know: The best meal you have ever eaten in Newport Beach was... 
 To celebrate Restaurant week we want to know: The best meal you have ever eaten in Newport Beach was... 
 Newport Beach Restaurant week is THIS week! Check out the places involved. Where are YOU eating? 
 Broadway darling Kelli O'Hara performs this weekend at OC Performing Arts Center.  
 TGI        
 Tuesdays are $21 at 21 Oceanfront. Selected entrees $21. Stay dry and get satistifed.  
 Did you watch the Golden Globes? What was your favorite acceptance speech? 
 Over $8 mil donated  to Haiti via text message alone. Sometimes it takes a disaster to show how compassionate we... 
 It's been a long week already. We need Wine Down Thursday at Woody's Wharf. 1/2 off selected bottles.... 
 Possibly 50,000 people perished in the earthquake in Haiti. Text "Haiti" to 90999 and donate $10 to Red Cross via... 
 The Red Cross is a great place to start for those wishing to help with relief efforts in Haiti.  
 If you had to pick one Newport Beach restaurant to eat at for the rest of your life, which would you choose? 
 We are sending out thoughts and prayers to the people of Haiti. 
 Serge Dedina of WiLDCOAST at the Nautical Museum Jan 14. to speak on Baja & Sea of Cortez conservation.... 
 Cirque du Soleil "KOOZA" opens tonight in Newport. Only runs through Valentine's Day so don't wait!... 
 In honor of what would have been Elvis Presley's 75th birthday, what is your favorite Elvis song? 
 Balboa Walking Tour Saturdays a great way to stick to your New Year's Resolution AND entertain... 
 RT  In spite of budget cuts and understaffed police force, L.A.'s crime rate reached 50-year low 
 RT  GROSS. You'll never believe the amount of (FECAL!) bacteria in fast food soda fountains   h/t  ...
 RT  January 12th 6:30-8:30pm House of blues on Sunset Blvd. In the PARISH ROOM! OPENSHOOT $40 per solo shot. 18+ welcome.  ...
 Sports fans: Who is the greatest basketball, baseball ,football player AND surfer of all time? All 4...GO! 
  Completely Fantastic!!! And you?
 RT  Schwarzenegger Delivers Final State of The State Address 
 RT  Who's hungry? NEWPORT BEACH Restaurant Week returns January 22nd-28th!!! (via 
 RT  :D  RT  Who's hungry? NEWPORT BEACH Restaurant Week returns January 22nd-28th!!! (via 
 Hey Tweeps. Are you on Facebook? Check out our Fan Page to stay in touch with what's happening. 
 Newport Beach fans, do you tweet? We would love to be your follower. Check us out on Twitter  
 "Savor the Flavor" at the OC's first Restaurant Week in Newport Beach starting 1/22 
