 IT jobs: Winners and losers in the cloud era 
 VMware Announces vSphere 5 (and a New Licensing Model) 
 Building An Enterprise Software Company That Doesn’t Suck 
 The final piece of Zynga's Z Cloud revealed 
 Facebook Preparing for $100 Billion IPO in Early 2012 [REPORT] 
 Longmont Residents Sign-Up for  Alerts  via 
 Longmont Residents Sign-Up for  Alerts  via
 FREE WEBINAR 5/26:  &  Stay safe & informed during severe weather  
 Awesome day at  talking about 
   good morning Capital Connection 11 attendees!  Please stop by booth 13 and say hello
 RT  Excellent Whitepaper.  Message Maps:  Blueprints for Pandemic Preparedness. 
 RT   To contact Temporary Emergency Services, please call (205) 758-5535.
 Meet  CEO, Cinta Putra & CMO, Marc Ladin at Capital Connection 11 
 RT  On The Blog: Wide range of start ups pitch angel investors at  Tech Buzz this morning: 
  Selected to Present at MAVA Capital Connection's 2011 Technology Investor Event   
 RT    Everbridge Selected to Present at MAVA Capital Connection's 2011 Technology ...: Everbridge s...  ...
 RT    Everbridge Selected to Present at MAVA Capital Connection's 2011 Technology ...: Everbridge s... http ...
 RT  Everbridge Selected to Present at MAVA Capital Connection's 2011 Technology Investor Event 
 FREE WEBINAR 5/26:  &  Stay safe & informed during severe weather  
 Cool stuff on  
 RT  The CIOInsight Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     ...
 RT  An exciting social networking company to present at Capital Connection '11: The Company.com 
 FREE WEBINAR 5/26:  &  Stay safe & informed during severe weather   
 Cell Phone Users to Receive Text Alerts About National, Local Emergencies  via 
 RT  A lot tonite on flooding in  and a look at where may flood next.  10p
 Facing crisis communication challenges in the era of social media? Join  at the ICRC event 5/10-11  
 RT  Data breaches and fraud present serious challenges to healthcare organizations worldwide, listen to the latest podcast  ...
 RT  I'll be blogging and tweeting from the MAVA Capital Connection conf this week. Start the conversation here:  ...
 Farmington Residents Urged to Register for  Alerts - Courant.com 
 FREE WEBINAR 5/26:  &  Stay safe & informed during severe weather  
 RT  Pic-Sen. Kay Hagan tours FEMA's recovery office in North Carolina, thanking workers for their efforts in the recovery h ...
 RT  10,000+ to attend the biggest ever EMC World – Where Cloud Meets Big Data – Check out RSA’s booth 1131  http:/ ...
 RT  DRJ's White Paper Repository: 
 RT  Follow  for live updates at Capital Connection '11.  
 RT  msg coming from everbridge to shelter and base ops. dont panic!
 RT  More hot companies presenting at Capital Connection '11:   Etek International. 
 Stay ahead of weather-related incidents w/  &  Find out how: WEBINAR  
 RT  Blog post: What does  mean to you? Answer to win ClearRisk's  iPad 2 Giveaway! 
 RT   Daily ▸ Today's top stories via    ▸ 
 FREE WEBINAR 5/26:'Tornados & Turmoil' How will your organization weather the storm? Ken Reeves   
        
 Facing crisis communication challenges in the era of social media? Learn, listen or attend the ICRC event 5/10-11  
 RT  Everbridge Executive to Participate on Crisis Communication Panel Discussing New Challenges Facing Incident Notifica. ...
 RT  One of our volunteers in Arkansas who was on tornado response is now heading to another part of state to do flood recovery.
 PRESS RELEASE: Everbridge Executive Joins Crisis Communication Panel on Notification & Social Media  
 RT  May 5 - For more on social media in emergency management ( check out this blog post  
 Stay ahead of weather-related incidents w/  &  Find out how: WEBINAR  
 RT  May 4 - Daily recap of response & support efforts for the southern U.S. tornadoes and severe storms. 
 FREE WEBINAR 5/26: 'Tornados & Turmoil' How will your organization weather the storm? Ken Reeves   
 RT  What does  mean to you?  Giveaway! Read our blog post here: 
 RT  Be Prepared for the Unpredictable with Private Cloud 
 RT  Dr. Mark Keim, CDC, "We can't prevent hurricanes, but we can prevent people dying due to hurricanes."  Disaster risk reduct ...
 Did you miss RSA Archer's eGRC Summit?  Read the recap: 
 Join our team!  looking for a dynamic Events Manager. Find out more:  
 Suggested Read: Former  officer weighs in on  after devastating tornadoes 
 RT  Tech volunteers & others: follow  &  for ways to help  Great ex. of 
 RT  "We don't plan for easy, we plan for real" -  from  At-Risk session. I am sooo excited to be a part of  ...
 RT  Southern twisters hit an economy already hurting: BIRMINGHAM, Ala.     (AP) -- The tornado that obliterated con... http:/ ...
 Litchfield Residents Sign-Up for  Notifications - News - The Litchfield County Times 
 Join Dr. Robert Chandler &  - 2011 International Crisis & Risk Communication Conference:  
  Notification technology highlights sequential approach - FierceEnergy  via 
 RT  Since 3/31/2011, Red Cross has opened 122+ shelters and served more than 513,000 meals/snacks in USA.
 RT  Air Quality Awareness Week starts today. Check local air conditions, learn about air pollution & protect your health h ...
 RT  The Sprint Foundation donates $100,000 to American Red Cross in support of storm-relief efforts - 
 RT  Donations to help Tuscaloosa in its rebuilding efforts can be donated at www.givetuscaloosa.com
 RT  Mayor Maddox imposes curfew for affected areas tonight at 8 pm to 6 am. Please respect the curfew in these mapped  h ...
 RT  Scientists investigate twisters like detectives: TUSCALOOSA, Ala.     (AP) -- Weather scientists are retracing ... http:/ ...
 RT  Disaster Recovery Center Prepares To Serve Oklahoma Tornado Survivors  
 RT  For the latest answers to the most common questions about UA's status, please refer to our FAQ's:  ...
 RT  Obama declares state of emergency for Alabama as death toll across the South mounts 
 RT  Preparedness is More than Being Prepared for a Disaster; Preparedness Equals “NOW” (No opportunity Wasted or No other Way)
 WEBINAR TOMORROW :'Japan Moving Forward: Communication Priorities' w/ Dr. Robert Chandler  
 RT  Councils for  and  mark today as DV Awareness Day in memory of Crystal Judson. 
 RT  Safety list  4.26 / MT  Tornado watch issued from lower MI to NW OH, east-central IL an ...
 RT  How To Justify Attending DRJ's Fall World 
 FREE WEBINAR: 4/28/2011 'Japan Moving Forward: Communication Priorities' w/ Dr. Robert Chandler  
 RT  Everbridge Awarded Key Technology Patents for Emergency and Non-Emergency ... 
 RT  Everbridge Awarded Key Technology Patents for Emergency and Non-Emergency Notification Systems 
 PRESS RELEASE: Everbridge Awarded Key Technology Patents for Emergency and Non-Emergency Notification Systems 
 NEW BLOG POST: Texas Wildfires: The Unexpected Path of Emergencies : 
 RT  Tomorrow is  How will you be celebrating?
 RT  Jason  "Digital engagement goes beyond just English. Have Spanish and other language capability too" 
 Everbridge & AccuWeather Improve Citizen Alerts With Accurate Data. Read How Huron County, Ohio Notifies Residents 
 RT  RT  How  has sparked social media innovation:  
 What We Are Reading; 'Business Continuity Is Back On The Agenda' great blog from Stephanie Balaouras of Forrester 
 MiCTA &  Extend Master Service Agreement for Emergency Notification Services 
 Dr. Chandler to speak at the BRPA –Chicago event April 26 
 REMINDER: 3/24/2011: Webinar- Communicating During the Six Stages of a Crisis. Register today! 
 Read a blog post from Tim Manning of  on his trip to the South Pacific 
 RT  Palo Alto families that were going to host students from Japan have arranged an Earthquake Relief Fund. If you... ht ...
 RT  The tragedy in  is a reminder that emergencies can strike without warning: be prepared.  
 Take a look at  warning systems: Lessons from  
  delivers over 700 different notifcations through Asia & Pacific in response to  disaster 
 NEW WEBINAR: Dr. Robert Chandler provides expert insight on Japan’s state of emergency & lessons on disaster recovery 
 Read Marc Ladin's latest blog post  
 WEBINAR: 3/24/2011: Communicating During the Six Stages of a Crisis. Register today! 
 Read about  's Commitment to Exceeding Client Expectations in 2010 and beyond  
 Handling campus crises in the digital age w/  &  
 Everbridge keeps you informed with Top 10 Emergency Notification Predictions for 2011 webinar 
 RT  Happy Red Cross Month 
 Citizens of Windosr, CT encouraged to sign-up for Everbridge alerts from both town and state 
 WEBINAR 3/1/2011: Rick Wimberly of Galain Solutions &  'Top 10 Emergency Notification Predictions for 2011' 
 Baltimore Health System to conduct a Code Yellow Drill with the  Aware notification service 
 The Uptime Myth 
 Everbridge named one of the Hottest Companies for 2011 
 FEMA issues mass weather warning for the Midwest 
 Everbridge helps New Haven, CT notify residents to keep cars off snow lined streets set for clearing 
 Upcoming system demo webinar will be on January 20 at 10am (PST). To register visit the website: 
 One size rarely fits anyone. A system should be flexible enough to support organizations with many business units or geographic divisions.
 Your vendor should be able to provide you with expert advice on best practices for activation processes, message maps, and regular testing.
 A good vendor should help you evaluate your notification needs and support you as your needs grow.
 Your internal data needs to be kept safe and secure. Check the vendor for continuous monitoring, external audits, and security plans.
 Timely reports are key to good decision making. Check to see the vendor provides robust reporting tools.
 Capacity numbers can be misleading, find out what the vendor can actually deliver for you and will backup in writing.
 Determine how the vendor will help you keep your data current and secure.
 Understand that vendor uptime statistics must include maintenance time and be available in writing.
 Consider a trial of the system to ensure it is mobile, easy to use, and does not require a specialist.
 Work with a vendor who will understand and help you solve your business problems.
 Everbridge webinar this morning on the top 10 questions to ask vendors! See the slides: 
 Everbridge helps provide security to Naval Support Activity Bethesda (NSAB) 
 Don't Let Denial Put Your Small Business at Risk: 
 What are your ENS resolutions for 2011? 
 New year/same challenges? Read interesting blog about executive responsibility in BCM planning: 
 Quake triggers tsunami warning in the pacific - how & how soon are residents/tourists notified? 
 Workplace violence and social media communication - hostages tweeting: 
 WikiLeaks issue causes angst for IT professionals concerned with data security: :
 Food safety modernization bill goes to Pres - wonder if consumer communication will improve? 
 Making Clinics, Hospitals, and Medical Centers Safer: 
 Travelers are stranded for days due to severe weather in Europe. How are they getting info? 
 eBRP and Everbridge Partner to Give Clients Full Risk Management and Business Continuity Solutions 
 Everbridge webinar this morning on severe weather communication! See the slides: 
 U.S. Army Garrison Redstone To Provide Personnel Alerting Services To 35,000 People with Everbridge 
 Florida confirms cholera case. Are you prepared for an outbreak? See our assessment tool  
 Download the free Everbridge Winter Weather Kit for  communication   - 
 Emergency Managers Must Coordinate Communities 
  – Common vocabulary mistakes include use of jargon and use of words with other meanings outside your group.
  – A good ENS system can integrate with Outlook, LDAP and other standard directory management systems.
  – When evaluating an ENS solution be sure to look for experience AND expertise, ease of use, and ease of integration.
  - Messages you send represent your organization, its leaders, and your team’s responders. Invest the time to do it well.
  - Always remember nothing can destroy hard-earned credibility more quickly than failure to communicate well in a crisis.
  - Effective communication strategies have plans for telling what you know, don't know, and what you're doing about it.
  - Basic message mapping tools include stock templates, keyword lists, goals and strategies.
  - A completed Message Matrix helps you quickly plan key messages, communication channels, and timing to recipients.
  - Prepare and plan with Message Maps - Have a prepared message library and a clear road map for use.
  - Plan message types  Tier 1: Long-term core messages, Tier 2: Memorable phrases,  Tier 3:  Up to 3 Sentences
  - Fear and confusion rises in a crisis. Communication and Message Planning will help overcome these challenges.
 Webinar - Message Mapping: Can you hear me now? Learn to write effective emergency messages. Join us in 30 minutes: 
 BP: Ushering in a Risk Conscious World by Ross Ladley 
 Five ways your cell phone can save you - interesting article from  
 False alarm led to Ohio NASA lockdown  Reminder of need for pre-built message maps to reduce confusion
 Disaster Planning Exercises Available from  
 Why crisis management and social media must co-exist | SmartBlog on Social Media  via 
 RT  "How Much Airport Security Is Too Much?" 
 Webinar - Message Mapping: Can you hear me now? Learn how to write emergency messages. Nov 9, 10 am PT: 
  Thanks so much for the tweet! Hope you enjoy the webinar. We'll also record it for later viewing.
 Swift Toyota recall an improvement over crisis response earlier this year: 
 RT  California Releases Statewide Public Safety Radio Communications Strategic Plan 
 London Assembly looks into London 2012 Olympics business continuity impacts: 
 NOAA forecasts "another winter of extremes" for the US: 
  Slides for "Conquering Tough Challenges for More Effective Notification" at:  Recording to come.
  Q&A: To combat rumors, monitor, act/respond quickly, build trust, be transparent, be consistent and credible.
  Q&A - The only thing BP did right in first month after spill is purchasing search keywords/PPC. At first: denied/blamed.
  Incident notification systems are a two-way communication tool so you can pinpoint who needs help and who is fine.
  Incident notification solution helps you communicate critical info to large  of people in minutes via all contact paths
  Dr Chandler reiterates: Please think about your audience. You can't focus on this too much.
  Four components of effective emergency messages: info, urgency, instructions, confirmation.
  Best practices for emergency messaging: Above all else, understand your audiences.
  Best practices for emergency messaging: Have a communication plan and know what your tripwires are. Include message maps.
  Best practices for emergency messaging: Validated messaging, documentation (incl emergency matrices), central comm. hub
  Best practices for emergency messaging: Solid internal communications to keep key people working seamlessly.
  Best practices for emergency messaging: optimal redundancy (routine system), established procedures/game plan.
  Six stages of a crisis: 1) Warning, 2) Risk assessment, 3) Response, 4) Management, 5) Resolution, 6) Recovery.
  Use six stages of a crisis to organize your communications - when to communicate what.
  Key takeway: Write messages focused on the audience, not yourself. Format must be understandable by audience.
  Notification pitfalls: Messages that are too complicated. Follow the 3-3-30 rule. 3 thoughts, 3 sentences, 30 words.
  Notification pitfalls: Information quality - garbage in, garbage out. Make sure your info is accurate.
  Notification pitfalls: Timing is everything. Be careful not to communicate too soon or too late. Find the optimal window.
  Notification pitfall: Some places have open environments or mobile staff, so it's like hitting a moving target.
  Notification pitfalls: Others don't have the same background info. Your message intent may not be as obvious as you think
  Notification pitfalls: People are more likely to misunderstand your message in a crisis. Need clarity. No jargon.
  Notification pitfalls: not accounting for psychological affect on behavior due to stress.
  Notification pitfalls: Not having an emergency matrix of how to react in various situations, who has authority to alert.
  Emergency notification pitfalls: undefined threshhold for notifying people, no protocol for vetting messages.
  Document everything you do in a crisis - who did you contact, what did you say, who received it, what did they do...
  Good notification is a life-and-death matter.
  Your constituents expected to be informed in an emergency and expect you to do your due diligence.
  Questions are simple: what did you know, when did you know it, and what did you do to alert people.
  Dr. Chandler advises we get back to the basics: understanding tech, psychological, timing, interpretation challenges.
 15 tips for crisis communications over social media (as an addition to your crisis plan). 
 Old Saybrook, CT residents put on alert via Everbridge emergency notification system after burglary. 
  Our pleasure. Good stuff!
 Chile and BP: Altogether different crisis management challenges 
 PUBLIC SAFETY Winchester replaces emergency notification system - Winchester, MA - The Winchester Star 
 AlliedBarton Security Services partners with Everbridge and NC4:
 RT  Listen to  discuss () how indivls, biz & govt play a role in making communities prepared/resilient
 Webinar: Conquering Tough Challenges for More Effective Emergency Notification with Dr Robert Chandler. 
 Everbridge and Clients Urge Others to Be Prepared Beyond National Preparedness Month: 
 Communication expert Dr. Chandler answers: Is higher ed better prepared for crises after Virginia Tech? 
 Why Tylenol Got a Pass and BP Didn't: 
 Fake earthquake disaster drill tests Facebook, Twitter: 
 Slides posted for "The Psychology of Disasters" webinar. Download at 
 How do we deal w/risk? Low Salience of Threat: "I know it's an issue, but I have other things to worry about." 
 How do people psychologically deal
 How do people psychologically deal
 How do we psychologically deal w/risk? Optimistic Bias: “I know it will happen, but I won’t be personally affected.” 
 How do people psychologically deal with risk? Denial: "It won't happen; I don't think about it." 
 It's not too late to register for "The Psychology of Disasters" webinar feat. Disaster Man at 10 am PT. 
 BP searches for new head of PR: Oil giant trying to restore its tarnished reputation. 
 We're at  Come to Booth  to say hello. We'd love to see you!
 Good read. Your social-media plan needs its own crisis plan: 6 lessons from the   
 RT  3 hurricanes active in the Atlantic Basin   and  www.hurricanes.gov 75 days left for the 2010 Season
 Peter Sandman outlines four risk communication lessons from the BP oil spill. Great read. 
 Webinar. The Psychology of Disasters: Why Do We React the Way We Do? Sept 23, 10 am PT. Register at 
 RT  Third Time's the Charm - By the time Cinta Putra and her three partners started Everbridge, they had... 
 How to Use Your Notification System During Hurricanes: 
 National Preparedness Month begins today. Go to  for planning materials for families and businesses.
 Get rumor control and brand rehab slides, video tips, and other materials at 
 Bank robbery suspect from Florida met Old Saybrook Police at train station: 
 What have we learned from Hurricane Katrina about crisis communication and what's different: 
 City of Waltham discusses its new Everbridge emergency notification system in this video: 
 CT Leader in Emergency Notification - The CT Alert system was developed in partnership with state and local officials: 
 Three ways to prevent rumors: 
  Thanks so much for your kind words!
 Excellent article from NY Times on how PR missteps fueled fiascos at BP, Toyota, and Goldman Sachs: 
 NOAA pilots cloud solutions: 
 We asked expert Dr. Robert Chandler, "What is the future of crisis communication?" See his response: 
 "Are We Overconfident? - Part 4" examines assumptions we make in testing emergency notification plans: 
 Keeping emergency contact data up-to-date is like playing Pin-the-Tail-on-the-Donkey: 
 RT  DRJ Info Update (Aug 10) Top 10 Questions to Ask When Selecting a Notification System 
 In Part 2 of "Are We Overconfident?", we look at whether social media is all you need to communicate in an emergency: 
 Do we "consume" risk reduction by being careless in other areas? Read "Are We Overconfident? – Part 1"
 Intelepix Selects Everbridge in Support of Information Operations and National Security: 
 Is Twitter better than nothing for emergency communication? Hear Dr. Robert Chandler's opinion: 
 What is BP doing right with the oil spill? 
 Slides and recording posted for "BP: What NOT to Do When the World Is Watching". Download at 
 New post on Everbridge Communication Matters blog - How Soccer Could Put Your Organization in Jeopardy: 
  Thanks for the tweet! Glad you enjoyed the webinar. Dr. Chandler is always fascinating.
  Acknowledge a crisis with empathy. Commit to continued communication throughout a crisis.
 Announcing EBtv on YouTube! Hear Dr Chandler answer "Who would you rather be: BP's CEO or Pres. Obama?" 
 Hear Dr. Robert Chandler speak on "BP: What NOT to Do When the World Is Watching". 7/20. Free webinar: 
 City of Waltham, MA 911 Center replaces flawed reverse-911 emergency alert system with Everbridge: 
  In a crisis, describe what you do know, what you don’t know, and what you are doing about it.
  Earthquake hits Los Angeles. Were you prepared? 
  Be first, be right, and be credible in response to a crisis.
 All Together Now: 
 Baptist Health South Florida is using Everbridge for hurricane preparedness. Read their blog post: 
  Emergency notification messages should written at or below a 6th-grade reading level.
 Connecticut launches first statewide comprehensive emergency alert system of its kind in the U.S.: 
 Pierce County ALERT Fact Sheet:  Another example of how cities/counties are getting the word out about emergency alerts.
 RT  has implemented a state-of-the-art emergency notification system to alert citizens about emergencies. 
 iView Systems and Everbridge Announce Integrated Incident Reporting and Emergency Notification Solution 
 Is The Past in Your Future?: 
  Don’t assume emergency info will be distributed through other means. Don’t downplay the situation or omit pertinent info.
 NorthEast Disaster Recovery Information X-Change (NEDRIX) relies on Everbridge for business continuity communications: 
 New white paper: Top 10 Questions to Ask Emergency Notification System Vendors. Download at 
 Slides and recording for the “How to Plan for a Disaster: Drill, Baby, Drill” webinar are up! Download: 
  Thanks for the shout-out. We appreciate it.
 RT 2 enter 2 win an iTunes GC. Do you know the 10 ?s to ask emergency notification vendors? Find out: 
 Check out our new blog posting: Communicating in the Middle by Marc Ladin 
 Congrats to  for winning the iTunes gift certificate for our "Vinnie" contest!
  Adapt messaging to your audience’s comprehension levels and motivations. Avoid jargon and sophisticated concepts.
 RT 2 enter 2 win an iTunes GC. Do u know Vinnie? He switched emergency notification systems. His story: 
 WEBINAR. How to Plan for a Disaster. June 17, 2010. Lessons learned from US District Court, Central District of CA: 
 RT 2 enter 2 win an iTunes GC. Do u know Vinnie? He switched emergency notification systems. His story: 
 Boulder County hopes to increase text, e-mail alert use. When a bridge collapsed... 
  Send authoritative, accurate, forthright messages. Do not downplay risks or threats. Correct misinformation swiftly.
  Hi there. You can find us at www.facebook.com/everbridgeinc Thanks for asking!
  Emergency notification messages need to inform, express urgency, provide behavioral instructions, and give next steps.
 Hurricane season starts today. Get 2010 outlook materials and communication planning advice: 
 The Psychology of a Disaster: 
  Provide factual, accurate information. Remember that people have a right to know the risks and consequences.
 2010 Hurricane Season featuring Dr. Phil Klotzbach and Dr. Robert Chandler: 
  Stick to the 3-3-30 rule when writing emergency messages: 3 key concepts, 3 sentences, 30 words or less.
 Get "Wednesday Wisdom with Dr. Chandler" starting today. Follow Everbridge or go to  for crisis communication tips.
 Incident Management and Response Leaders Converge at Everbridge 2010 User Conference: 
 Everbridge clients: All  presentations are now available for download in our Self-Service Portal. Enjoy!
 RT  Check out this presentation from Notification World  - Social Media and Crisis Management - 
 WEBINAR "Conspiracy Theory: What’s Fueling Public Distrust?" May 20, 10 am PT. Register at 
 City of Thousand Oaks to use Everbridge for communication w/residents during Amgen Tour of California: 
 Whew--what an event! Great conversations, informative sessions, learned lots from clients, and enjoyed every minute of it. Thank you all!
 Day 3 of  begins. Thank you to our clients for coming out and making it so special!
 Another Day in Paradise: 
 RT  Morgan County encourages residents to sign up for disaster alerts 
 Only 5 days left until our  client conference kicks off. Not registered yet? Go to: 
 Hurricanes? In Kentucky?: 
 Slides uploaded for the “Bracing for the 2010 Hurricane Season” webinar. Get them here: 
 Garfield County used Everbridge to inform citizens of a road closure following a brush fire Tuesday: 
 Today is Administrative Professionals Day! Don't forget to tell everyone how much you appreciate all that they do.
 RT  DRJ's Summer Issue - Emergency Notification In a World of Tweets . . . and Diggs - 
 Interesting comments from the CO attorney general as they grapple with social media + legal liability: 
 Community gives overwhelmingly positive response to South Windsor's emergency notification rollout:  Very well executed!
 1 more day to register! Webinar: Bracing for the 2010 Hurricane Season:  April 20, 10 am PT w/Drs. Klotzbach + Chandler
 Dilbert turns 21 today! Who can forget the Dilbert Disaster Recovery Plan video?  Happy Friday!
 Read "Emergency Notification In a World of Tweets, Pokes, and Diggs" by Marc Ladin: 
 Busy putting final touches on  prep:  Don't forget to book hotel by Friday to get our special rate!
 Playing Well Together: 
 Greater Cincinnati Health Council awards emergency notification services contract to Everbridge: 
 Gas leak prompts University of Alberta evacuations: 
  Thanks for a great webinar today! Lots of interest and interaction with great takeaways.
 We just finished a great session with S. Daniel Carter on complying w/Clery Act changes. Get slides: 
  Thanks for checking in with us and for all your hard work!
 Another creative example of how cities are rolling out notification systems to the public: 
 Our special hotel rate for  attendees expires on April 16:  Please be sure to book in advance.
 Everbridge Emergency Notification System Used to Save Lives during New England Storms and Floods: 
 Webinar: Bracing for the 2010 Hurricane Season.
 Beating the Clock During a Heart Attack: 
 Webinar: How to Comply with the Changes to the Clery Act. April 13 at 10 am PT. 
 Lights, Camera, Notification System!: 
 CityCenter, the 18-million-sq ft, $8.5 billion Las Vegas resort, uses Everbridge during interruptions: 
 "Disaster Man" + Dr. Robert Chandler will address psychology of disasters and crisis communication:  
 Check out Schaumburg, IL's video PSA announcing the launch of its emergency notification program: 
 Crisis communication expert Dr. Robert Chandler will run a message mapping workshop:  
 The Fight for Broadband Funds: 
 Former FBI agent Fred Miller will speak on "The Secret of Good Drills" at  
  Hi Donald. Hope you're enjoying the training! Are you with Rory?
   Perhaps, though I think we'll see an upswing as people get more comfortable with it. Maybe more for 
 Dr. Chandler's presentation on the 2009 H1N1 outbreak (Did officials cry wolf?) starts in 15 mins at booth 611 
 UPDATE: Dr. Chandler will speak at 3:45 pm today on 2009 H1N1 outbreak (Did officials cry wolf?), booth 611 at 
 Dr. Chandler will speak on the 2009 H1N1 outbreak (Did officials cry wolf?) Tuesday, 3/23, 2:30 pm, Booth 611 at 
 We look forward to seeing you at  next week. Please stop by booth 611 to say hello.
 The Internet and Availability: 
 The Chicago suburb of Mount Prospect uses Everbridge for crime alerts: 
 Everbridge announces 2009 results, incl. 130% growth rate over last 3 yrs and 23% increase in clients: 
 Network World's Mark Gibbs will speak on the role of social media in crisis communication at  
 Just added "Notification in a Heartbeat" slides/recording () about using notification for heart-attack patients.
 "Notification in a Heartbeat" webinar:   March 16 at 10 am PT. How hospitals get faster care to heart attacks patients.
 It's Severe Weather Awareness Week in  Read how Kentucky Farm Bureau managed an ice storm: 
  Welcome to the team, Roger!
 It's U.S. Flood Awareness Week. Read how Bank of Hawaii manages communications () during floods and natural disasters.
 Get crisis communication webinar slides and view recordings at   Topics include winter weather, H1N1, rumors, and more.
 Everbridge keeps Garfield County residents in the know during rockslide, other emergencies:  
 Updated agenda for Everbridge Notification World:  Speakers include AirTran, Marathon Oil, City of Glendale, and more.
 RT  DRJ Info Update - March 9, 2010 - Free Winter Communication Resources -   
 Webinar: How to use an emergency notification system with social media (for colleges).  March 18 at 10am PT.
 Read Everbridge's take on communication differences in  and  post-earthquake:  What do you think?
 AirTran Airways is providing Notification World attendees with a small discount on airfare. More info: 
 Notification World qualifies for Continuing Education Activity Points (CEAPs) toward DRI certification: 
 "Notification in a Heartbeat" webinar:  March 16 at 10 am PT. How hospitals get faster care to heart attacks patients.
 NORCOM 911 talks about its initiative to alert the community in emergencies and its purchase criteria: 
 "Disaster Man" (Dr. Matthew Davis) and Dr. Robert Chandler will be keynotes at Notification World: 
 Want to help with Chile earthquake relief? Here's text message donation info and links to charities: 
 Get crisis communication webinar slides and view recordings at  Topics include winter weather, H1N1, rumors, and more.
 WHO determines no change in pandemic phase, updates recommendation of "Intensify" to "Maintain": 
  Glad you enjoyed the class!
 Dr. Robert Chandler shares thoughts around erosion of public trust in traditional authority and media: 
 RT   Congrats. Everbridge was named in the Lead411 Hot 90 So Cal list - see .
 Here's a free tool for auditing your pandemic communication readiness: 
 Read how Beebe Medical Center used Everbridge during the blizzards () to keep physicians and personnel informed.
 Dealing with bad weather? Get communication tips from Dr. Robert Chandler. View the webinar recording. 
 Sign up for The H1N1 Outbreak of 2009: Did Officials Cry Wolf? webinar () to hear Dr. Robert Chandler's analysis.
 Read how Promise Regional Medical Ctr uses Everbridge to provide faster care to heart attack patients: 
 Download severe weather communication best practices slides from Dr. Robert Chandler and our weather response kit at 
 Scott Sullivan just joined Everbridge's team as CTO and is already doing great work. Read the release at  via 
 Read "Words Count in Emergency Notification" (DRJ) by Marc Ladin for tips on writing effective emergency messages. 
 Get free winter weather sample messages. Download the Everbridge Winter Weather Response Kit at 
 Here are ways you can help Haiti earthquake survivors: 
