 Solly's Grille Butter Burger recipe unveiled for Food Network Magazine! 
 RT  Join us today from 11:30-1pm in J-Shore for JCC Mini Maccabi Games -A mini-Olympic style afternoon, complete with... htt ...
 RT  Wednesday's Flavors: Mint Chip & Heath Bar® 
 RT  Don't Forget! Today's Flavors are: Turtle Sundae & Pomegranate 
 RT  Square Kids until 1.30 today at JShore
 RT  Friday's Flavors: Butter Pecan & Chocolate Malt 
 RT  Don't Forget! Today's Flavors are: Spumoni & Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough 
 RT  Come enjoy today's concert in the Town Square at Noon-1:30pm & 6-8:30pm! Today's concert is Marcell Guyton a...  ...
 Glendale area residents..what are you doing to beat the heat?
 New post on welcometoglendale.com! ....
 Sprecher makes its debut in the restaurant biz!! Congrats to Glendale's favorite hometown brewery! 
 Better see you out at Glendale Days this weekend!! www.welcometoglendale.com/news
 This weekend!! Glendale Days - a fourth of July festival - taking place July 2, 3 & 4 at Kletzsch Park in Glendale....
 Have you checked out our new Facebook page?! Friend us! 
 RT  Join us tomorrow for Harry & Rose Samson Family Jewish Community Center's Sing-a-long/Storytime in Bayshore Town... http ...
 The City of Glendale has a new Facebook page! Check it out...
 RT  Don't Forget! Today's Flavors are: Mint Chip & Midnight Chocolate Cake 
 RT  "Tango in the Town Square" Saturday, September 10 from 6:00 pm to 9:00 pm. Don’t miss the beauty and... 
 
 RT  Don't Forget! Today's Flavors are: Grasshopper Fudge & Rum & Coca-Cola 
 RT  Come to "Dueling Pianos" Friday, July 29 from 6:00 pm to 8:30 pm.
 A beautiful day for strolling the Square at 
 RT  Wisconsin Beer Lovers Festival exactly one month away. Early Bird tickets available until 5/31! 
 RT  Check this video out -- 2011 WISCONSIN BEER LOVERS FESTIVAL  via 
 We can't wait for the WI Beer Lovers Festival!! Get your Early Bird tix while you still can (16 days left to save $$) 
 RT  Only 16 more days to get your beer festival tickets at the special Early Bird rate! 
 Loving the sunshine in Glendale today....perfect to stroll around  and check out the spring sales!
 RT  Bebe hosts the Va Va Voom Event today at noon Clients will be treated to a fun and exciting shopping... 
 This Saturday AM - Glendale's very own Solly's Grille to be featured on MPTV channel 36! Tune in! 
 RT  Frank Lloyd Wright exhibition  ends Sunday. It should not be missed. 
 Just announced! Early Bird Rates for June 18th Wisconsin Beer Lovers Festival....
 RT  Suites still available this weekend starting at $99, breakfast, a rose for Mom on... 
 Yankee Candle Taste a Scent event....learn more!  
 Cinco de Mayo in Glendale! Celebrate the Mexican holiday with authentic Mexican cuisine at COA - Bayshore Town Center
  We're celebrating Father's Day with you! Twitter followers should join us at the Beer Lovers Festival 
 Sprecher Brewery Specials all month long! Tomorrow visit Sprecher for free chips and salsa!  
 RT  Don't Forget! Today's Flavors are: Peach Melba & Reese's Peanut Butter Kupps 
 Soaring Gas Prices – Stay close to home, make Glendale your destination! 
 What is Sur la table?  The Art & Soul of Cooking.
 Sur La Table now open at Bayshore Town Center  ....
 
 Sur La Table, the Seattle-based kitchen products retailer, will open May 20 at Bayshore Town Center...
 Annual Easter Egg Hunt this Saturday 4/23 at Noon at the Kletzsch Park Pavilion in Glendale! 
 Join Sprecher for its Good Friday Fish Fry Tour - April 22 - Book today to reserve a spot! 
 The Wisconsin Summer Solstice Beer Lovers Festival returns to Glendale this June 18th! Click on for event details: 
 RT  Join us June 18th at the Wisconsin  Beer Lovers Festival in Glendale, WI: 
 Join Sprecher for its Good Friday Fish Fry Tour - April 22 - Book today to reserve a spot! 
 Join Sprecher for its Good Friday Fish Fry Tour - April 22 - Book today to reserve a spot! 
 Win an exciting getaway to Glendale courtesy of Discover Wisconsin! 
 Networking opportunity featuring Sprecher products ,full cash bar,  access to the Sprecher gift shop, brewery tours 
 Sprecher Brewery to host business networking event with 123 tomorrow, 4/13, 5:00 p.m. at Sprecher Brewing Co. 
 Sprecher Brewery to host networking business  event with 123 tomorrow, 4/13, 5:00 p.m. at Sprecher Brewing Co.  
 Join Sprecher for its Good Friday Fish Fry Tour - April 22 - Book today to reserve a spot! 
 Sprecher Brewery hosts Easter to Remember - get your pic with the Easter Bunny Sundays April 10 and 17. 
 We love this site 
 Join Sprecher for its Good Friday Fish Fry Tour - April 22 - Book today to reserve a spot! 
 Why not watch the  at Bar Louie in Glendale?! Great bar atmosphere!
 Teach me how to Bucky! Sun.April 3, get your groove on with the UW-Madison Marching Band  Nicolet HS! Click & scroll 
 Teach me how to Bucky! Sun.April 3, get your groove on with the UW-Madison Marching Band  Nicolet HS! 
 Teach me how to Bucky!  Sun.April 3, get your groove on with the UW-Madison Marching Band  Nicolet HS! Click  & scroll 
 SUNDAY! Band Together event featuring UW-Madison Marching Band  Nicolet HS...see the post on the News page...
 Mark your calendars for Band Together - Sun., April 3 at Nicolet High...featuring the UW-Madison Marching Band! 
 New posts on our news page!  Are you up to date?! 
 RT  Don't Forget! Today's Flavors are: Double Truffel & Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake 
 Mark your calendars for Band Together - Sat., April 3 at Nicolet High...featuring the UW-Madison Marching Band! 
 Mark your calendars for Band Together - Sat., April 3 at Nicolet High...featuring the UW-Madison Marching Band! 
 Join Sprecher for its Good Friday Fish Fry Tour - April 22 - Book today to reserve a spot! 
 Today Beer Lovers love St. Patty...June 18th they'll love the WI Summer Solstice Beer Lovers Festival in Glendale! 
 Mark your calendars for Band Together - Sat., April 3 at Nicolet High...featuring the UW-Madison Marching Band! 
 Join Sprecher for its Good Friday Fish Fry Tour - April 22 - Book today to reserve a spot! 
 Mark your calendars for Band Together - Sat., April 3 at Nicolet High...featuring the UW-Madison Marching Band! 
 St. Patty's day is Thursday!! Have you tried the Sprecher Irish Stout? Get it now while supplies last! 
 Join Sprecher for its Good Friday Fish Fry Tour - April 22 - Book today to reserve a spot! 
 Mark your calendars for Band Together - Sat., April 3 at Nicolet High...featuring the UW-Madison Marching Band! 
 Vote City of Glendale by March 15th!! 
 Vote the City of Glendale  as one of Wisconsin's  Best Towns!! 
 Beer Lovers unite at the Second Annual Wisconsin Summer Solstice Beer Lovers Festival this June in Glendale, WI! 
 Band Together with the renowned UW-Madison Marching Band!! April 3...
 Band Together - April 3rd - An event and concert to benefit Nicolet Unified School District Foundations!
 Purchase a ticket for Band Together! Learn more...
 Sign up your business as a partner in our Passport Glendale Community Card Program!! 
 Brand new posts on our News & Events page! 
 New posts on our News & Events page....check em' out, then sign-up for our E-newsletter: 
 You have got to sign up for our newsletter! So many fun stories and great offers!  
 RT  Beer Lovers unite at the Second Annual Wisconsin Summer Solstice Beer Lovers Festival this June in the Glendale, WI! ...
 RT  It's Boneless Thursday at Buffalo Wild Wings! All boneless wings are just 60¢!
 RT  Beer Lovers unite at the 2nd Annual Summer Solstice Beer Lovers Festival this June in the Glendale 
 Always something to do in Glendale!  
  Fatty.
 RT  Wisconsin Summer Solstice Beer Lovers Festival returns to Glendale this June 18th! Event details 
 RT  Factoid: according to Guinness, a pint of beer is lifted about ten times & each time about 0.56 mL is lost in a beer ...
 Still mulling over what to get your V-Day Sweetheart? How about some pampering   
 Have you signed up for our E-newsletter? If not you're missing out on great deals and the latest up and comings! 
 The Spring Destination Glendale E-newsletter has officially been released and includes GRRRREAT deals? Register TODAY! 
 Have you checked out our website lately? ... We'd love to have your feedback! Tweet us!
 
 Hey Glendale! Consider yourself a BEER LOVER? Taste a wide array of the best craft beers in the state  
 The City of Glendale will host the 2011 Wisconsin Beer Lovers Festival! Save the date - 6.18.2011 - 
 Glendale is for Beer Lovers....Love Beer? Learn more!....
 Glendale in the News: Sprecher Releases Small Batch Black IPA...
 Glendale News: Sprecher Brewing Co. kindly helps sponsor  Milwaukee's 165th Birthday Party to be held at Potawatomi...
 Learn what's new in our favorite quaint Wisconsin city...
 Consider yourself a BEER LOVER? Save the date and taste a wide array of the best craft beers our state has to offer...ttp://bit.ly/aXGUpe
 Consider yourself a BEER LOVER? Save the date and taste a wide array of the best craft beers our state has to offer...ttp://bit.ly/aXGUpe
 Have you been to our website lately? Check us out and spread the word ... 
 Happy New Year from the Glendale Visitor and Convention Bureau! www.welcometoglendale.com
 Planning a weekend getaway for sometime in 2011? Why not visit the City of Glendale? View our Top 10  
 RT  Shopping season: Many merchants are in good spirits with residents making effort to Shop Locally 
 Looking for a place to dine this New Year's Eve? Visit one of the wonderful eateries  
 Still needing to finish some last minute shopping?! Bayshore Mall is open until 10 PM tonight! 
 Still looking for a last minute stocking stuffer? Visit the gift shop  - you'll find something for everyone on your list!
 Are you finished with your holiday shopping?! If not, join us at Bayshore...extended hours!... 
 Need help wrapping all of those holiday gifts? Visit J Shore at Bayshore Town Center! See our calendar for more info...
 What's cooking at Bayshore Town Center?! Get in the know...
 Get in the holiday spirit at Bayshore Town Center...check out our calendar for this week's activities! 
 Searching for the perfect stocking stuffer? Try the Sprecher gift shop! Affordable treats for everyone on your list!  
 Getting in the holiday spirit at Bayshore Town Center....have you checked out the calendar of activity? 
 Bayshore has extended its holiday shopping hours...
 Santa Claus is coming to town,  & he'll stop at Sprecher for a tasty Root Beer...share a soda with Santa this Sunday...
 Ho! Ho! Ho! Santa Claus is coming to...SPRECHER! Meet Santa every Sunday leading up to Christmas! 
 Ho! Ho! Ho! Santa Claus is coming to...SPRECHER! Meet Santa every Sunday leading up to Christmas! 
 Bayshore has extended holiday hours!! Get shopping! 
 Get the scoop on all of Bayshore's current sales and specials! 
 RT  Make sure to check out  on Dec 10 and 18 for delicious Nutcracker-themed custard! Dec 10-Nutcracker, De ...
 Countdown to Black Friday...Visit Bayshore Town Center Mall & get your shop on! Sales begin  7 a.m. 
 Have you checked out the Glendale community and visitor website lately? Visit  today! 
 DANNY GOKEY SPOTTING IN GLENDALE WISCONSIN!! 
 American Idol Danny Gokey in Glendale tonight! Tweet  to find out where!
 Tis the season (and the weekend) for Holiday Tree Lighting!! Tonight, Bayshore Town Center, 6 p.m. 
 TONIGHT! 6 p.m. Join us at Bayshore Town Center for the annual Holiday Tree Lighting Extravaganza!!! 
 Mark your calendar for the Holiday Tree Lighting this Friday  the Bayshore Town Square, 6 p.m.  
 Join us this Friday  Bayshore Town Center for the annual Holiday Tree Lighting! 6 p.m., read more: 
 Join us at Bayshore Town Center this Friday for the Brilliant Night, Dazzling Lights Holiday Tree Lighting! 
 Sprecher raises $4000 for Gilda's Club of SE Wisconsin after 80 local residents participate in Sunday's spa day! 
 Holiday Edition E-newsletter out now - Have you signed up to receive it yet? Register to get in on exclusive  promos! 
 Say what?! Holidays deals and promos in the Holiday Edition E-newsletter?! Sign up and reap the benefits!! 
 You follow us on Twitter, but do you receive our E-newsletter? Register today and stay connected! 
 RT  RT  Please help us spread the word--MONICA & DAVID airs tonight on HBO2 at 7p CT... 
 Glendale Holiday Edition E-newsletter comes out tomorrow....includes area biz promos...register to receive your copy!! 
 Sunday, 11.3, join Sprecher from 12-4 p.m. for its 3rd annual Breast Cancer Awareness Spa to benefit Gilda's Club ...
 RT  Deal of the hour: Anchorage - $25 Gift Certificate, Your Price $15  
 Sign up for the Glendale E-newsletter to learn about our little Gem of a City... + deals and promos coming soon!
 RT  Friday's Flavors: Turtle Sundae & Maple Syrup And Pancakes 
 Find out which new retailer will be added to the Bayshore Town Center mix come Summer 2011:  
 Say What?! A NEW store coming to Bayshore Town Center?!?! Find out which retailer will make its debut next summer...
 Mark your calendar for Sprecher's 3rd annual Breast Cancer Awareness Spa, 11.7.2010. Learn more here: 
 When was the last time you visited our website? New features, news bits & upcoming events added weekly! Check it out!! 
 Why not spend your weekend in Glendale? Learn about all the wonderful activities our great City has to offer: 
 Visit Glendale for Sprecher Brewery's 3rd annual breast cancer awareness spa. Reserve a spot now for the 11.7.10 event! 
 Sprecher's raising $$ for the Breast Cancer Coalition with a limited edition brew!! Find out where you can try it: 
 Do you have your Passport Glendale community card? If not, request a free copy: .
 Sprecher's raising $$ for the Breast Cancer Coalition with a limited edition brew!! Find out where you can try it: 
 RT  Sprecher's raising $$ for the Breast Cancer Coalition with a limited edition brew!! Find out where you can try it: http:/ ...
 Make a toast with a Sprecher Awareness Ale this October and help the fight against cancer...
 Celebrate the first of October with OKTOBER FEST in Glendale!! It's your last weekend to join in the festivity. 
 Tomorrow, 10/1/10: The 1st of October and the start to the LAST weekend of Glendale's Oktoberfest. Get your OKTOBER on this weekend!!
 Do you have your Passport Glendale community card? If not, request a free copy: .
 Do you have your Passport Glendale community card? If not, request a free copy today!: .
 Only one weekend left!....What's your favorite Oktoberfest activity? Tweet   your answer!!
 Say "GCC" at new Glendale Buffalo Wild Wings - get exclusive offer - but hurry!!
 Sprecher Brewery to unveil Kriek Lambic brew, made with organic malt & Door County cherry juice! Don't miss the party!! 
 Sprecher Brewery celebrates its 25th anniversary Saturday...live music, games, food and drink...event Details: 
 3 days  until Sprecher's 25th Anniversary Bash!  Saturday 9.25, 12-10 pm  Sprecher Brewery in Glendale: 
 Gear up for Sprecher's 25th Anniversary Bash happening this Saturday 9.25 from 12-10 pm  Sprecher Brewery in Glendale: 
 Buffalo Wild Wings Grand Opening Today!!  Come to BW3's for food and festivity. Located next to bd's Mongolian Grill, Bayshore Mall!!
 Hey Wing Fanatics! Today marks the Grand Opening of Glendale's Buffalo Wild Wings!! Located across from Trader Joe's! 
 BW3's coming to Bayshore & Sprecher’s Anniversary Celebration!  
 Celebrate Oktoberfest this weekend in Glendale!! Read up about the festivity:  and See you there!
 New Post Alert: Oktober"fest" your knowledge, authentic recipes and more!! 
 Get geared up for another weekend of Glendale's Oktoberfest by following the link to Oktober"fest" your knowledge! 
 Get geared up for another weekend of Glendale's Oktoberfest by following the link to Oktober"fest" your knowledge! 
 Have you read the fall WelcometoGlendale.com E-newsletter? Sign up, and receive yours today!!: 
 Have you read the fall WelcometoGlendale.com E-newsletter? Sign up, and receive yours today!!: 
 Have you read the fall WelcometoGlendale.com E-newsletter? Sign up, and receive yours today!!: 
 Have you read the fall WelcometoGlendale.com E-newsletter? Sign up, and receive yours today!!: 
 Have you read the fall WelcometoGlendale.com E-newsletter? Sign up, and receive yours today!!: 
 Kickin' off this weekend in Glendale: the oldest and most-authentic Bavarian Oktoberfest in the Mid-West. Join us!! 
 Check out the latest edition of the WelcomeToGlendale.com E-Newsletter and read up on all of our upcoming fall events! 
 Did you receive Glendale's Fall E--Newsletter? Sign up & receive the latest news on what's happenin' around YOUR block: 
 Spice up your weekend with Mexican Fiesta  Henry Maier Festival Park. 
 Playing tonight: The Big Lebowski for Fish Fry & A Flick  Discovery World, 5 pm, movie begins  dusk .
 Attention Hot Dog Lovers: this October Dr. Dawg is coming to Glendale.  What's "Dr. Dawg"? Read more about it here: 
 Do you have your very own "Passport to Glendale"? If you don't yet, you can find out how to obtain one here: 
 Flavor forecast for Glendale's  -  Chocolate Malt or Red Raspberry - OR pair 'em for an explosion of  malted-berry wonderment!
 Dinner and a Movie? Try Dinner with the Movie - Ovation and iPIC team up for an ultimate movie-while-dining experience: 
 Glendale's own Sprecher Brewery  to brew 2 custom-crafted "SPiN Milwaukee" brews! Read more:  or: 
 Read what  had to say about Glendale's 60th anniversary!! 
 Learn about how you can add your business to the WelcometoGlendale.com directory!! Become a member today: 
 Sign up for the Glendale E-Newsletter and receive news on the latest events and happenings around town!: 
 Glendale celebrates its 60th! Follow link for exclusive photos of the coverage! 
 Glendale celbrated 60 years of history on 8.4 with a special edition Sprecher brew: GlendALE. Read on!: 
 RT  Square Kids ~11:30am-1:30pm Today in the Food Court!
 Live in the area? Want a $75 gift card to  Participate in a focus group: 
 Keep the kids entertained at  with the Summer Children's Movie Series - Every Tues.  9 a.m. 
  's Anthony Bourdain ( experiences a Solly's burger in  
 RT  Want a $75 gift card to  Participate in a focus group: 
 Want to participate in a focus group? Chosen participants get a $50 gift card to Bayshore! 
 Want to participate in a focus group? Chosen participants get a $50 gift card to Bayshore! 
 RT  Count down to 1st ever All-WI Summer Solstice Beer Lovers Festival has begun- get your tickets now! 
 RT  If you go to Bayshore to get an  you'll have company. Pics included. 
 RT  JCC to open center  Bayshore ... 
 RT  NE  tix bought 2day on can b picked up  the entry gate under purchaser's last name: 
 Find out the latest news from the Glendale Chamber of Commerce:  
  make sure u check out the hotel packages for  Shuttle service, discounts & more: 
 RT  MKE JS: 8 great beer meccas are within a day's drive of Milwaukee (including  
 The patio is open at the HIlton Milwaukee River & The Anchorage - overlooking the MKE River. Make ur reservation 2day: 
 RT  Like us on FB & u could win free tix 2 WI Beer Lovers Festival - 6/26 in   drawing Fri.
 RT  RT  Check out Skeleton Crew and see them at the Beer Lovers Festival on June 26!
 RT  Have you gotten your tix yet? The WI Beer Lovers Festival is right around the corner! 
 RT  Read all about us in the  
 Check out the new menu at glendale's Anchorage restaurant: 
 Check out this week's  for a great piece on Glendale-based Sprecher Brewery! 
 Welcome to Twitter  we look forward to your tweets!
 Vote for Solly's, right here in Glendale! Best Burger in Milwaukee - Have you voted?  (Via 
 Want to know the latest news about all things Glendale... including  Make sure you check out 
 Tix for ECLIPSE of the Twilight Saga now available at Ipic!  
 Want to know what's going on at  Check out the latest news : 
  thanks for the RT!
 Hey MKE Go to COA on Cinco De Mayo & get a free mini margarita. Just become a fan of COA on Facebook. 1 per customer. 
 RT  Win 2 free tickets to this summer's Beer Lovers Festival!   - Deadline 5/7  noon! Pls RT
 RT  Want to win 2 free tix to  Wisconsin Beer Lovers Festival? Make sure you follow  & Stay tuned
 RT  shout out in wkly travel column "Roads Traveled: Brewers, vintners serve up homemade delights" 
 Make sure you stay up-to-date with the latest news, events, deals and steals in Glendale: 
 Glendale-based Sprecher Brewery launches a new venture: 
 RT  Will u b at   Make a wknd of it & come 2 the  in  on 6-26 
 It's your one-stop shop! RT   BAYSHORE!! THEY'VE GOT DEVON'S, CALIFORNIA PIZZA KITCHEN, MONGOLIAN GRILL, BAR LOUIE...
 RT  Beer Lover pkg at the Radisson - $209 stay INCLUDES event tickets and free beer!  ...
 RT  Enter to win tickets to  in  through  
 Check out the upcoming events at Glendale's own Bavarian Inn: 
 RT  Don't Forget! Today's Flavors are: Tiramisu & Bear Paw 
 News from the Glendale Chamber of Commerce: 
 RT  Mke Tweeps: cnt wait til 5pm? Looking 4 fun plans? Join us at Bayshore iPic 4  Tweetup 
 RT  Selk'bag 2 invade Erehwon Outdoor Expo  Bayshore Town Center May 15-16 in  
 Glendale's own Sprecher Brewery's famous rootbeer featured in  
 RT  At ths time nxt week, U could B heading out 2 iPic 4 the  tweetup! Get in on the fun: 
 RT  RT  wlkng distance 4 us-BONUS! RT  C U  in Glendale 
 Glad U enjoyed! RT  Rumor floated ystrday that the 3G iPad was in so ran 2 the Apple Store. Consolation prize--great dinner  COA.
 Spring = gardening & lots of lawn-mowing...no worries w/ a Glendale Community Card u can save  Wagner's Garden Center 
 Check out Bayshore's Weekly Email for what's going on this weekend in Glendale:   (via 
 Don't forget your Glendale Community Card - Solly's has a great deal! RT  takes new guy Shawn for a burger at Solly's.
 Thanks to    for stopping by Solly’s for their famous butter burgers! See the video: 
 RT  Attention MKE business professionals: Wednesday April 7th is our next Visitor's Day at Bayshore Town Center Profession ...
  have you registered for a Glendale Community Card? You can pick one up at Bayshore's Guest Services: 
 RT  I'm at Gyro Palace (5336 N Port Washington Rd, Glendale). 
 RT  Have you checked out all the breweries that will be at WI's first Beer Lovers Festival this summer?  ...
 Do you have your Passport Glendale Community Card? If not, request a free copy: .
 RT  Wisconsin hosts first annual beer lovers festival 
 Escape to Neverland at Bayshore this Saturday with   
 Looking for something to do this week? Check out all of the events happening in Glendale:  
 If you are running errands in Glendale this week, don't forget to pick up your Community Card for added savings! 
 Looking for the perfect Easter brunch? The Bavarian Inn is the place to be this Easter: 
 In need of a new ‘do' or maybe just a trim? Styles by Sandy has a new promotion when you show your Community Card 
 Do you have tickets? Daddy Daughter Date-The Tale of Snow White Friday  Check out more events: 
 Bayshore Town Center’s April events now on WelcomeToGlendale.com : check them out 
 Rock & Bowl 80's Style! Tonight  7 p.m. to Close-only $1 a game! 
 Have a Glendale business you'd like to see on the Community Card? Let us know!  
 Do you a Passport Glendale Community Card? If not, request a free copy:
 See the red planet at International Sidewalk Astronomy Night tomorrow-7p.m. at Bayshore!  
 Battle Andy Schlesinger in a slider eating contest to benefit Make A Wish Foundation  w/ burgers provided by 
 It’s a Charity Chowdown  today at 7 p.m.!  
 Tonight at the Bavarian Inn – Check out the Brew City Big Band Open Rehearsal from 7:30 to 9:30 p.m. 
 RT  Rapid review: Sprecher Brewery Tour 
 FREE ADMISSION! Musical guest Daniel Nathan at the Bavarian Inn tonight at 7 p.m. 
 Mark your calendar for the 4th annual Fitness Fashion show at the Northshore WAC on April 22!  
 Celebrate St. Patrick’s Day with Rince Nia Irish Dance Performance with two performances  on Sunday, March 14  1:00PM and 2:30PM  Bayshore
 Tonight at the Bavarian Inn:  Günter’s Good Times fish fry, from 6 to 9 p.m.!
 Meet the Milwaukee Bucks High-Flying Dunk Team THE RIM ROCKERS!- March 13, 1-2PM - Live  the Bayshore Town Center Rotunda!
 Free Tango Dance Lessons at Bayshore Town Center - March 13, 5:30-6:30 
 Strongman Contest tonight at 7pm at the Bavarian Inn – Hold a liter of beer at arms length the longest - record is 3 ½ min! $5 to enter!!
 Stein Club Appreciation Day at the Bavarian Inn TODAY! Stop by and enjoy 1/2 price beers in your stein all day & $1 off Jägermeister shots!
 Have a Glendale business you'd like to see on the Community Card?      Send us a Direct Message!
 If you are running errands in Glendale this week, don't forget to pick up your Community Card for added savings! 
 Check out the Brew City Big Band at Bavarian Inn tonight! Rehearsal is open to the public from 7:30 to 9:30 p.m.
 IPic to go 3-D on Friday!  
 NorthShore WAC now on WelcometoGlendale.com's business directory!
 It's almost time for happy hour at the Bavarian Inn!  4-6 p.m: $2 domestic pints, $3 rail cocktails: 
 Tuesday happy hour at the Bavarian Inn! 3-6 p.m. $2 domestic pints, $3 rail cocktails: 
 Friday fish fry + brewery tour now at Sprecher: 
 Drink beer to lose weight?Finally!  names Sprecher Light a top beer to trim your waist line 
 Thirsty?  Enjoy 10% off all beer and soda now at Sprecher with your Glendale Community Card! 
 Get $5.50 off your IPic VIP Tickets for the 7:20pm showing of 
 Yummy weekend special at COA! mahi-mahi in a banana leaf w/ mushrooms, onions, serranos, sweet potato puree w/ goat cheese...$14.95
 Check out the newest Sprecher Brewing promo available with your CommCard: Buy one tour, get one free - More info: www.WelcomeToGlendale.com
 Have you picked up your community card for great local discounts? 
 New business on WelcometoGlendale.com!
 Fun things to do with the family this weekend: Ko-Thi Dance Co. at Bayshore! 
 Sprecher commemorates The Tripoli Circus on  Feb. 25-28, w/ limited edition root beer label & free ticket offer. www.WelcomeToGlendale.com
 FAT TUESDAY at IPic at Bayshore Town Center! Come join us for New Orleans style King Cake and Jambalaya ,$2 Bowling and $3 Hurricanes!!
 Enjoy a 15% discount from your total bill at The Anchorage with your community card. For more info: Visit www.WelcomeToGlendale.com
 MKE Urban League 5th Dating Game & Date Auction tonight  8pm! Bavarian Inn Grand ballroom! Info at tmulyp.com or welcometoglendale.com!!!
 Solly's Grille: Order one Solly Burger & get a second burger  50% off menu price w/ CommCard. Get your CommCard  www.WelcomeToGlendale.com
 Elite Nutrition Vitamins can help improve your health! Check out the Comm.Card promo w/ major savings www.welcometoglendale.com/passport.php
 Tuesday, February 9th – The Rhythm Aces Jazz  Bavarian Inn from 6 – 9 pm with a $5 cover charge. For info: www.welcometoglendale.com/news/
 Interested in getting a personal trainer? Check out the great deals available with your Comm. Card: www.welcometoglendale.com/passport.php
 Sat. Feb. 6 – Bavarian Soccer Club & DANK Costume Ball
 Sing Along w/ Willi tonight  the Bavarian Inn in our Rathskeller at 8 pm. For  info visit: 
 Thursday, February 4th – Brew City Big Band Open Rehearsal at Bavarian Inn
 Want a FREE Glendale Community Card?? Visit WelcomeToGlendale.com and sign up to get yours! www.WelcomeToGlendale.com
 Check out the newest offer from Penzey's Spices for Community Card holders: 
 Looking for a place to Celebrate Valentines Day? Check out this amazing offer at IPic at Bayshore: 
 Bavarian Soccer Club & DANK Costume Ball - Sat., Feb. 6  8 pm! Admission $12, $8 for students. More info or to book a table: 414-422-1385
 Check out new discount offers on ! Sign up to get your FREE Community Card & enjoy the savings in Glendale!
 Glendale Residents: How are u helping w/ the Haitian Earthquake Relief Effort? Let us know & we'll spead the word on WelcomeToGlendale.com
 River Hills pushes for dismissal of Green Tree Road lawsuit -More information available: 
 Get your FREE Passport Glendale and Community Card for great discounts at Glendale retailers!! Want one? Visit www.welcometoglendale.com
 1/27/10 YP Impact networking event  IPic from 6-9 pm. Event is $10 for non-members for bowling, shoes & apps. Register: www.ypimpact.org
 Get the latest news and updates on Bayshore Town Center with the Bayshore iPhone application: More info: 
 WI Connections Academy Virtual Public School Info Sessions Thurs. Feb. 11, 11am   Radisson North Shore in Glendale. ConnectionsAcademy.com
 Traffic Analysis & Design recommends W Green Tree Rd remain open to E- & W-bound traffic through River Hills: 
 Glendale Common Council Mtg. tonight, January 11, 2010 at 7:00 p.m. at 5909 N. Milwaukee River Parkway. Agenda: 
 Wed., Jan. 13, 2010 - Be sure to check out Masskrugstemmen "A Bavarian Strongman Contest"  The Bavarian Inn! Info  www.bavarianinnmilw.com
 Join the MKE River Work Group’s MKE River Greenway Master Plan ikick-off n Glendale - Jan. 20, 7-8pm. More info: protectmilwaukeeriver.org
 On-line registration available for Nicolet Recreation Department! Visit  for more information or to register!
 Help out the North Shore Fire Dept. and "Adopt A Hydrant" near your home keeping snow-freeduring the winter! For details: www.nsfire.org
 Glendale Senior Citizen's Club Meeting  pm, Jan. 13  Senior Center at Glen Hills Middle School at 2600 W. Mill Rd. More info:540-2100
 Welcome to the City of Glendale’s new twitter account! Check out our new website: www.WelcomeToGlendale.com- for the latest info.
