 YW! Have a happy Friday you two! and best  wishes too!  
  yw! YOU rock! Happy  too!
   so cool that  is talking Handmade local tonight, that fits right in with Made In America! xoxo
 RT   Tonight is  with  is in Ireland-tuf life!) Topic? Handmade and local. 5 ET!...
 We proudly sell  a 5 generations strong Made In America company. Here's some gr8 info: 
 We proudly sell American Made Furniture like  made in upstate NY. We saw this:... 
 We proudly sell American Made furniture like  ~Do your clients care about made in USA? Do you as an interior designer?
 RT  Share your favorite   items for the home on  Thursday, 5pm ET (BYOL: bring your own links)
 Does made in the USA mean anything to you as a designer? How about your clients do they care?
  TY! Happy  Go team!
    yes we think Michael 
 awesome! TY RT  www.doodlehome.com! :) RT 
 We want to know what comes to your mind when we say luxury furniture....?
  here we come! Watch out! A shopping day is in order! Let's go!!!
 Tysm! We love ur art!!! RT     
 Check this out if you are on twitter... 
  very nice
 Ty! RT  Looks awesome! RT   showroom featuring  chair  
 We adore the new 125th Anniversary edition wallpaper book from Thibaut. Here is a little history: 
 Shah family built in's w/ our Thibaut fabric on her new pillows for her recliners!  
 Two wallpaper sales in one day! Woot woot!!! keeping  busy even on a day off!~ LOL We love wallpaper, don't you?
  TYSM!~ pics posted soon to fb & twitter!
 YW! RT  Good morning and thanks for the      
 Thibaut room pic w wallpaper & fabric shown 
 Thibaut fabric & wallpaper pic of the day! 
  showroom featuring  chair & Deb Reardon's art 
 Ty! RT          
 GM!   love to a beautiful blogger ~we love her nesting stories! ;)
  Ty! Happy Friday!
          
           
 A4 we found a cocktail table cheap and "fixed it up" ourselves  loves it ~so retro and mcm and cheap! 
 RT  QUESTION 4 What is your favorite 'low' design find for your home?  cc 
  yes! so fab to pull everything together and add finishing touches.... Plus getting paid is great too! ;)
  yw! sweetheart! We love  chat!
 RT  This is a good time to remind  fans to follow the new faces you see here!
 How the wallpaper & fabric might look in a room! 
 New Thibaut book 125th Anniversary edition -our wallpaper pic of the day! 
 Ty! RT           
 RT           
 ;) RT   Yes here's 2 Friday another day closer!  Wanna see an install pic?   
 Yw! RT  Tx  &  4 great Wolford Ba Remodel   
 Happy Independence Day!
 RT      De-cluttering is a great idea! But let's call it "Editing" for the faint...
 .  we appreciate all you do to help us complete our projects too! Let's Go team! Let's enjoy the holiday!!! Happy 4th
 Tysm! Ur a fab writer! We need to brainstorm again! RT  Designing women...   
 Client install today! Two trucks full! Let's go team!
 TYSM! fun chat! fun covos! See ya next   
 Yay!!! RT  Next week High/ low decorating and design. 
 OH wow! RT  It's just like being in Tuscany  don't you think   Design disasters!
 :) RT  RT  I'm sorry even "new" flocked wallpaper gives me hives in a home. 
   me too! LOL big time! Hi ladies! good to see u for 
 Not checking the cost correctly of a consigned piece of furniture can def lead to disaster for your commission check! Olivia learned this yr
 RT  RT  awesome!!!! RT  Join us in 1 hour as we co-host w  for a very interesting...
  
 Lewis Mittman Keynote Presentation - "Fabric 101" July 14th 
  yw! Happy Monday!
 Love the birght green side table for a pop of color   
 A3 Olivia loves retro turquoise yellow and gray while Nancy prefers blues with coral and brown undertones... 
 RT  I recently had to go beyond my comfort zone with color for new pieces as I tend to be conservative! ...
 RT  RT  Q2: In bedrooms, coloured scallop or embroidery lines on white sheets to tie in other colours in...
 RT  Q1 Color is BACK! We're seeing it in decor publications everywhere - how do YOU bring it in wout looking trendy 
 RT  It's just about 5pm, and  is almost on! Remember you can follow the conversation here: ...
  adore the new avatar!!! Great photo of y'all!
        < big belly laugh! Coffee shop?
 let's start planning :)       
 Cool! RT  Wolford ba remodel 50's cottage look subway & marbl tile + e* fixtures 
 We know the GotoGrls 4 Social Media Marketing would love pillows like this!!! 
 Tick tock  Mart shopping 
 Ty RT   New suggestions for you:  and  More  
 We should have a tweet up! ;)       
  we were there yesterday too! Shopping cash & carry! Took home a beautiful tea cart for a client! Lots to show client today
 Looking forward to it! RT  So great to hear folks planning for July Market!  
 Shopping today at the Mart  
 Yw! ;) RT  New blog posting     THANK YA'LL SO MUCH
 YW!  Happy Friday y'all!       
 77 is a perfect temp! Enjoy!!! xo      
  love         
 Gr8 chat         
  you go! Happy Weekend y'all!     
 what a fab chat! <3  Tysm!  love to y'all!   
  love & Happy Friday!      
  tysm for the mention! Happy Weekend!
 We think they are gorgeous! RT   - look at my art framed! also  rustic table!  RT 
  that sounds perfect! Olivia was just thinking it's time for her pedi just b4 the beach trip coming soon! ;) Happy Weekend Renee
 Yw! RT  Spending the cooler mornings gathering wood/vines for my line of    Featured by...
 RT  Absolutely excellent point  Advertising in digital reaches influencers globally. If U want 2 reach global KEY
 RT  RT  Like  is saying, dont feel the need to follow the trad magazine model....
 RT   Q2 Is there a chance of the market being over run with virtual design mags? When is enough enough?
 We use our print magazines for ideas for clients all the time. Even make our own w/colors from  attached. 
 Gr8 topic ;) RT   takes on the topic of Virtual Magazines, today in just 5 min!
 Yes! RT  A3 Tweet a lot, build relationships with bloggers, reach out to fellow artists and luxury brands, etc. 
 we use social media as a part of our marketing & we've done home expo shows in neighborhoods b4 too! Referrals are a staple! ;) 
 :) yep RT  Tweeting? :-) RT  Q3  What are you currently doing to attract clients to your business? 
 RT  Q3  What are you currently doing to attract clients to your business? 
 Woot! RT  Read this NYTimes article  It's the  topic at 5pm today
 We've got    wood table displayed in our  showroom:  Gorgeous! cc: 
 Happy Thursday y'all!    
 Enjoy the day!    
  YW! Hope we can make it today! Happy Thursday!
 You too! Happy Thursday!  
 GM! RT   morning!  
  TYSM for the RT! we are huge Ben Moore fans been working out of one of ur stores for 2 years now! Great paint & stains
 RT      will you join us on  tomorrow? Topic: shelter mag story you...
 Cool waterborne stains by  on the  this morning!
 We are looking forward to July!  
 TYSM for the RT! Hope you have a good week ladies! 
  TYSM for the RT!
 TYSM for the  mention! back at you and all of these too! xo      
 We hope to get to ADAC more this year! Check out there great list of events:... 
 We are thrilled to feature this artist at the  ReardonsArt - Home  via  
 hope we can pop in :) RT  Off to a meeting but I'll be back in time for  Timeless Design and YOU! live at 5ET.
 Good morning  how's everyone this beautiful Thursday morning?
 Kim Bartholomew is a dear friend of Niche... Here is one of her blogs on art:... 
 RT  Whats your favourite part of your interior design world? 
  you are so very welcome! Happy Tuesday! Can't wait for Thursday. Hope to get the girls of Niche together for  chat
 How was your Tuesday that felt like a Monday? Get ready for some exciting news from us tomorrow here! Happy Summer time it's hot hot hot!
 RT  Thursday's  is about decorating your home in a timeless manner-what does timeless design mean to you? 5pm ET
 TYSM!!!!  We are thrilled she is joining our team and hope she'll be tweeting w us all soon! xo   fab!!!
 We will officially be welcoming  to our team on fb tomorrow but wanted to let u tweets know early so you could start followin now
  nice to tweet you too! You can also find me  this is my business account and Kathleen Olivia Kim & I all tweet some
  TYSM! Hope you had a great day back at it! Go team!
         -fabulous Tuesday wishes y'all!
 Yw! RT          Thx 4 sharing...
 RT  Casting!  We're Looking for Couples in the New York City Area to get a Room Makeover   ...
 ;) RT     <that is so cool! i am a part of a family biz as well!  is my dad &...
 Wallpaper History! Kathleen Toner latest blog post here:  
 RT  RT  Good morning & happy  We'll see you Thursday at 5pm for  Enjoy your holiday!!
 "Wallpaper History"   ~A great new blog post from Kathleen!
 Happy Memorial Day!
 good morning!  Let's make this day fun!!! Looking forward to BBQ ribs this evening!
 How are you spending your memorial day? Have a happy one!
 Good Morning! Happy Memorial Day weekend! How are you celebrating? Do you have the day off?
 beauty RT  NEW on ABCD Design: Mercury Glass Lanterns {Memorial Day Weekend Decor}   
  just a few minutes now!  ~fun topic ahead!
 RT  RT  Just a 1/2 hour away from  where we ask the question 'What design trends are over for you?"...
 Print this google ad coupon out and we will honor your discount! Wallpaper coupon!... 
 RT  New time! Luv it! RT What home decor ideas are you completely OVER? Think about it, then chime in today...
 Brand new offer online coupon from us! Check out the details here:  Print this out and bring in for your discount!
 RT  Live in  or planning to visit?  Check out these tips from   
 RT        So much fun!  want's to know what desi ...
 RT  "Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you.", Jesus Christ
 Samples from several great fabric and wallpaper companies just ordered! Can't wait to share what we are doing w/them! Pics soon!
 We can order you some gorgeous fabrics and wallpapers from this fine company!... 
 Free Paint Color Sample -  Paint Color Sample Coupon 
  yea! Go team!
  yw! What's going on for you today? Hope to get in on your site & figure out how to join in soon ;)
  did u have ur tissues handy? Olivia was crying goodbye tears! Nancy & Kathleen didn't even watch it. Hope ur Thursday :)
 Did you watch the last Oprah show today?
  hope you had a happy Wednesday!
 RT  Let us remodel your kitchen custom wood cabs&floors+granite+e* appliances Tx  our interior designers...
  yw! Hope you had a fab Wednesday!
 TYSM! RT  Thanks for the morning cheers,  Day going well... busy already! Launching this week! Good luck at your...
  yw! Has & always will be one our of favs! Beautiful & such great content every single post! <3
 RT  What makes blogs stand out 2 me,  is if I see authenticity between what they say on TW & FB & what is on their...
  ~we still think your blog is still one of the very best out there!  
 Good morning! Happy Monday! Hope you have a creative day!
 Ty! RT  RT  Kathleen just pressed publish on her blog! Her exciting new series on wallpaper: 
 Tysm! RT          
 Check out Kathleen Toner latest blog post on wallpaper here:  
 Kathleen just pressed publish on her blog! It's been a while! get ready for her exciting new series on wallpaper: 
 RT  Hey y'all  is looking 4 luxury interior designers 2 feature!  Launch is Mon!  
 RT  This weeks  is a special edition:  week wrap-up discussing   and 
 Happy Monday  what's on ur agenda today?
 Tysm! Nancy had a great idea from her garden! RT   broccoli
 Food & pretty decorations for the conference room Nancy & Tina talk after the party 
 What kind of flower is this? 
 Friends who joined us for Our  grand opening 
 Leon & Sharon listening to the dedication of the  
 Our newest designer sitting in our showroom  
 See the new drapes behind Joy & Cameron 
 Getting some work done 
 Nana & Mimi  -so much great food! Yum! Fabulous party today! 
 Allison Gayle's art from The Upstairs Gallery in the library at the new  
 The new sign -graphic design  by Suzanne of gotogrls.com 
 Sisters w Kathleen's Angel watching over them :)  Grand Opening 
 Olivia Nancy Melissa all dressed up for  Grand Opening! 
 Just found this great site  thanks to  how cool is that custom fabric! 
 woot!!! RT   main purpose for fun & 2 get the word out about   new location + lots...
 YAY!!! RT   Ur Grand Opening 4   design ctr! YAY! With u there it will be grandest of...
 Sneak peek of Grand Opening tomorrow 
 Tysm! RT    it's   event ;) hope you can come by Will be fun & want 2...
 Would be lovely to have u! Ty! RT   we'll try to make it ~ keep you posted!  
 Good evening! Yw! ;) RT  Good Morning & TYSM      !
 RT  Tomorrow!!!    on May 13. RSVP      please  ...
 Ty RT  Chalmers Construction Grand Opening of  New Design Build Center (May 13  Marietta GA 30066) ...
 RT  Our new COLLABORATIVE, EDUCATIONAL interior design community of MENTORS is LIVE! ...
  
 good morning! 
 Good Morning!!! RT  good morning all ! 
 will you join us? RT  This Friday!!!!   on May 13. RSVP   
 RT  RT   fab! RT spread word  faucet giveaway!  (value of almost...
 RT  It's getting closer! Who is going to join us?  ChirpWdstck on May 17. RSVP   
 You won't believe how gorgeous this paper is until you come see it for yourself at the  ~getting ready for our... 
 John Blake finishing up the wallpaper install for our  ~He's one of our top wallpaper hangers. He can install... 
 Shah built-ins facia going up 
 Thanks to The Kaleidoscope Partnership Leslie Carolthers for sharing this photo of Nancy & Olivia together at High... 
 We r having a Grand Opening  n Marietta GA ~tweet  at us 4 a chance 2 win $500 off ur remodeling project from 
  oh no headaches!!!! do understand those things! hope they go away quickly! Blessings on the new arrival! xo
 RT  RT  My heart is planted with  Pls. RT  sister is printing our tweets &...
 RT  Blessings 2  during this tough transitional time.  We'll be your strength. 
  Congratulations!!!!
 RT  Note to self: ordering into the garbage can at a drive-thru gets you nuthin'. << rofl!!!! :) xo
 TY RT  Let our  team create your dream   -    Contact our design team
 "We will never forget" God Bless the USA
 :) tysm! Yes now i remember! Gorgeous! RT   
 Ty RT  Ty RT  Thank you      
 Yeah! RT  Paint & so much more! Even furniture from    Northside Decorating  
  yw! Happy Friday!  these two for all the latest on 
 Ty! RT  A Royal         
  RT  Thank you       
  no I missed it! Would love to see it! Will google it! Have a Fabulous Royal Wedding Friday!
 RT  Join us Monday on  We're talking  dilemmas in your home. Bring your questions &   issues....
 RT  RT  Oh... did we tell ya that we have a new, HUGELY fab  that will be announced Monday on...
 Want to decorate a bed & breakfast in classic English country elegance, or perhaps a pub with lot's of wood and... 
 It really is a beautiful day for a  -who's feeling inspired!  ready to decorate in plaid & English antiques! Navy blue drapes
 RT  Attn: Women, Roswell is holding a personal safety class tomorrow. 
 This is too cool not to share from High Point Market! ‘Day in the Life’ - Interior Designer Video 
 Yw ;) RT  Come by and visit our new  Center --> Tx  our designers  
 Alright! ;)  :) we've got clients to keep happy! Checking on orders & getting details together for client meeting tomorrow.
 Read any good blogs on color lately? Check this one out from Kathleen our Color Jedi! 
 Good morning Louis!  How are you this Wednesday?
 :) RT  U RT  TY for convos/mentions on      
 Yw! ;) RT  TY for convos/mentions on      
 :) RT  DELAYED wave back!         
 RT  RT   if your home makes you happy - that is the MOST important thing!  <agree!
 so proud of one of my first big projects for a client! 
 I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "Bedroom before & afters by Olivia" 
 Got your mug ready? Olivia does! 
 Happy Easter Weekend!
  &  first meet  tweet up! Can't wait to meet again! Fun   
 Memories from   still love this gorgeous Julie chair~! xo 
  yw! Happy Tuesday Louis! ;)
 RT  God Bless our home state of NC as they recover from the storms and tornadoes this weekend!
 Good Morning twitterville!
 Tysm! RT         
 beautiful Sunday to you!       
 happy Sunday!       
 ;) RT  Happy day!RT        
 Ty RT         
 Things are getting done over at the  
 Granite installation Berry kitchen. Let us create your dream kit w/ custom cabs. Tx  
 Did you have a favorite new picture from our  Spring 2011 album?
 RT  Look  threw out 1st pitch at Braves' home opener!  Game update (hint: we're winning): 
 RT  Have 2 share,  Bought yr latest issue 4 flight home today. Read cover 2 cover >  LOVED seeing your 20...
 Come by and visit our new   Center 2513 Shallowford Rd 30066. Tx  our designers   
 RT  Very cool. 10 Best ad campaigns - "Life's Too Short For The Wrong Job": 
 I posted 26 photos on Facebook in the album " High Point Furniture Market Spring 2011" 
 Currey & Company  sneak peak many more to share 
 Olivia w Ty Pennington from Extreme Home Makeover 
 RT  RT  OMGOSH! It's time for live tweets from  today on  !!! What have YOU got show us?
 Ty! RT  Doing it ATL!      
 RT   cont'd        
 Happy Spring! 
 Design Build Team at work today measuring for our clients built-ins 
 RT  Need some tips on picking trim color?  Check out these 7 sanity restoring rules-courtesy of our friend 
 Looking forward to a week of fun and shopping for clients in High Point NC. The next 6 days that matter!  
 Love that sunburst mirror 
 Nancy found the perfect niche for these mirrors 
 We still have a few things left but her room is getting close to finished 
 Accessories designed by Nancy -client found many of her own items! We let our clients talents shine too! 
 Client shelves fresh painted room before we accessorize paint color selection by Kathleen Toner of Northside... 
 What a team! 
 Come join us!  
 What are you looking for from us? We are thrilled to have 205 likes, we wanna know what you want! Share with us here! Happy Weekend!
 RT  Don't judge what other people do. Worry about what you do.
 High Point Market is on our mind! It's getting even closer! What can we find you there?  
 RT  RT  TY  4 tip 2 FC article! Did U know of collab between  &  launching...
  how was your Tuesday! We shopped all over town today for clients had client meetings Hope urs was great too
 Ty RT  Let our  team create your dream   -    Contact our design team
  yw! Happy Monday louis! Let's make it a Great week!
 RT  A little inside scope on me 
 RT   absolutely marked in calendar RT plan to come to our  party   May...
 RT  Home Energy Efficient "Interior Window Shutters"       . Contact...
 RT  RT   local friends      
 RT   local friends & fam       
  Happy weekend! Can't wait to see how those floors turn out at the new  in East Cobb GA. :)
 Go! Yay! ;) Congrats!!! ;) Design Week - Deb Reardon: 
 Check out these beauties by: Nancy's sister: deb Reardon's Art - Home  via 
  Thanks for all you are doing to help us get up and running at the  xoxo
 Good morning! Making a shopping list for several clients. Some shopping here but very excited to shop at  this April!
 Is anyone thinking about the things we can find you at High Point Market coming this April? We are! Making a list!... 
 We are so excited to see some of the new things  has this Spring for  anyone else love them too?  
 Speaking of Saddle Up your horses!  Here's the song:  Yes it is a Grand adventure indeed! WOOT!
 Its going to be a  Wednesday preparing for a complete  (design build center) to open!  Let's make it great!
 oh yea!  Looking forward to seeing JF fabrics this morning 1st thing. Are you seeing any reps today?
 yeah! Ty! Happy Tuesday to you too!  Let's go!
 RT  RT   is  6:00 am PST. Tonight's topic: The Handmade & Design Community: Working Together....
  Happy Monday Louis!
 Sneak peek at our DBC w/   a pic of our new wall color for the showroom:  we will have hardwood in soon
 Can you guess where Chalmers Construction and we are moving to? They are having a contest.  To enter comment on... 
 We move into the  in East Cobb today! Lots of hard work left before we are ready for our Grand Opening, but so pleased w this spot!
 Shopping Finds in ATL via  
 Hey  was a great day of work! Showing  catalogs to 2 different clients! they like the American made quality they see
  busy indeed! Have a great night! Let's go team!
  hope your Thursday was fabulous!
 Yay! RT  Our new Color Gallery is now LIVE! Check out the endless possibilities  and 
 RT  Brands seeking a way to increase your leads for 2011? Find out how your biz can sponsor our next 
 RT  Family Day Discount-This Sunday, Friday Jazz, and Culture Shock - 
 I wonder how long it's been since Nancy was so busy she's booked 3 weeks out? We are so busy! It's a blessing! How's your biz going? 
 RT  "Eco Pug Wants You To Save The Oceans"  I love pugs, so let me squeeze this one okay?
 RT  RT  Let's work our  chops a bit, shall we? Announcing The  Interior Design...
  fantastic! On to a busy Tuesday! Estimates to finish & drawings & fabrics & wallpaper & shew! We can pull it together! :) xo
  awe! Such a fun age! Yes Olivia's son just turned 11 a few weeks ago! "don't blink" like Kenney Chesney sings is so true! ;)
 yellows are back, often mixed with grays and charcoal! Gorgeous pattern with birds! 
  wishing you a fabulous Monday! :)
  Hope your weekend was wonderful! Happy Monday! :)
 Did you hear all the great things said about Wallpaper on  chat today on  We were listening! One... 
 :) RT    wallpaper is back! We are ready! I think I've found two or three I love for my home! xox 
 We couldn't agree more! YES! RT  Yes! RT  Powder Rooms call for wallpaper. Its like being a purse. 
 Good morning! Have a creative Monday!
 RT  RT  RT  So we're talking  Solutions for your  on Monday's  Who's going...
  let's go team!
  TYSM for the mention! Happy Friday!
 TYSM!  Happy  to you!
 TYSM for the fabulous  wishes  right back at you!
 TYSM  for the  Back at u!
  TYSM for the  Michelle :)
 RT  Helpful! RT    asked 4 info on all  related chats. wants 2 make a list 2 help...
 woot! go grl! RT  Made an amazing furniture sale today! Woot! Great news for  &    Northside...
 :) love this! RT  Exactly!  Not just two bubba's & a truck! Haha! Happy Saturday! Design led just makes sense!
 . that is a very good set of questions Louis. Good Morning to you! Why don't you share some details w us? We'd love to know!
 GM!  How's your Tuesday? Any clues for the contest your thinking of having? We are ready to start guessing!
 Just opened up the Spring 2011 Furniture Preview from  Woot! These really are the next 6 days that matter!
 Just saw on facebook that it's the first day of pre-market at  ~any one else getting excited about Spring Market?
 Who else is getting excited about going to High Point Market this Spring?
  TYSM! Happy  to you!
 Yes  sounds interesting -design build means u have the help of an interior designer vs. Just opinion of contractor to guide
   yes sounds like a great idea! Tell us more about it? Where would be a good central location?
  Happy Friday! You rock remodeling all day long! Let's go! We can do this! Happy Friday to you too!
  we try to have fun no matter what! Realize that fun helps creative energy flow easier! When we are enjoying it we work better! xoxo
  we had some room planning mixed with color advice, wallpaper pick up, & some fun time in between. Going to have news to share soon
  we are pleased to be so busy that we are two weeks out. We are seeing quite a change. B4 were hesitant, now say go4 it and now! :)
  sounds lovely! we go from client to client as well, Kathleen offers color advice and Olivia shops and finds fabrics & wallpaper.
  TYSM for the mention! How's your Wednesday looking? Have estimates to do? Working on kitchen designs?
 Hey!  Good morning! Happy Wednesday ~yw= you're welcome :) What's on your agenda today?
  TY! we have some great before and after shots on facebook too! How's your Wednesday going?
 RT  RT  ...luxury lies not in richness and ornateness but in the absence of vulgarity.  ~Coco Chanel
 We are excited about Chalmers Construction's upcoming news and contest! See the facebook page for more info soon!... 
 Have you checked out our website lately? Here is the link:  ~we have pictures and info about our services there!
 YW!  We so enjoy taking part in the  chat and getting to know great designers like you two! Happy Tuesday! ~o
 Ty 4 the mention!  Have a fabulous day!
 yw!         Happy Tuesday all!
 RT  I think there's a big thing that's missed by a lot of designers which is: setting boundaries for mutual respect during...
 Yes! RT  Brilliant words. RT  Projects born from the heart R always more successful than those born of the...
 telling friends about us! RT  Chime in! RT What's the greatest complement a client ever paid you?  via 
 RT  RT   Don't follow trends. Classic, lasting beauty translates in to value for clients. Become priceless to...
 we agree!!!! RT  yep! RT  A master coordinator = Designer.  
 great idea! RT  You COULD start with the 5 senses, for one-R RT    top 5 tips? 
  RT  yep! RT  A master coordinator = Designer.  
 Yes! RT  gr8 :) RT    a good assistant helps with that if youre busy 
 RT  a great designer also has to help a client not get in his own way!     -R 
 We sell shutters! What a great blog on advice of the what the cost should be from Kudzu: 
 RT   11:30 eastern, every Monday!  <hope to make it in for a bit today! :)
 We are so busy! What a fun problem to have! Are  you looking for the right interior designer? Come see us inside... 
  ok sounds like a plan! Exciting news soon! :D YAY!
  TYSM! Yes we are in the ATL area! Originally from NC & SC too! Hope your Friday was fantastic! Happy weekend!
 yw!  Are we going to talk about our newest idea yet or keep it under wraps till we are sure?
  Ty for the mention!!! Happy Friday! Lets do this!     we got it covered! ;)
 TYSM for the  love!!!  Right back at ya! Happy weekend too! ;)
 TY! RT  A Forever Young  to      
 RT  Claim your 2011   deduct + 30 %  $avings  with E* improvements   &  
 Good morning! Happy Friday! What interior design dilemma are you having? How can we help?
 yes!  we can take care of the design of the kitchen while you make it happen! What a great team we make!
 ordering wallpaper for a client Olivia went to see over a week ago! Woot! Gonna have a pretty new powder bath!
 ;) RT  My best advice is to identify what is lacking out there, ask: can you fill it?, that is your niche market, then go fill...
 Noise and mess -construction on sidewalks almost complete here in front of our store inside Northside Decorating:  
 A house full of window treatments! New project! Olivia has lots of pricing to do now! Go!  
  just received our packet in the mail! talking about you today! We can't wait!
 TY! RT      contact us if interested in  a home 4 sale...
 You're welcome kindly! Hope you had a fabulous day! xoxo 
 we agree! YW! RT  TY  for the RT! All manufacturers that use client  's soy ingredient in their...
 RT    look over here!  <great avatar you two! :D
 RT  SO happy  2C yr upholstery, where all foam contains  's soy ingredient on  now!...
 . Good Morning! Time to remind everyone it's the last day to get your sassy Valentines at our store in Roswell GA! :D
 :) RT  Don's website - Wildlife art, face woods spirits sculptures - more  check it out! 
 Happy Saturday! Great weekend to you! 
  TYSM happy Friday Louis! Go team go! :)
 Tysm Sweet RT  A Be My Valentine  to      
 TYSM! gorgeous! :D RT   They will have it. Just a peak at their tile. 
 So excited we sold our first "Sassy" Valentine today  we are having so much fun offering them to our regulars and contractors :D
 RT  A new blogpost shares how to make the right choices in   If nothing else, read the great quote......
 Styled my profile with a sweet theme using Themeleon by   Love it?
  TYSM for the suggestion! Small mosaic either grey green tone or a soft blush. Will ck into it! Happy Thursday!
 Yw! We think you rock! ;) RT   Thank you for the RT! You guys rock!
 RT  Greg just posted our Carbon Footprint Reduction for 2010  Increasing our  each...
 RT  It's 73 F in Palm Beach County today. <<<sounds like heaven!
 We love how  helps us in our research save time! TY    for your answers! :D
 TYSM! RT  Recommend looking at Ann Sacks  RT: Researching 1920's style mosaic tile blush or grey...
  scratch that I think i meant ceramic, we are looking for the look but not necessarily real vintage tile :D
 I think porcelain but maybe glass too? Want that art deco look.... We are remodeling and using a pedestal tub... it's gonna be hot! 
  TYSM! will do!
 Researching 1920's style mosaic tile ~looking for blush or grey green tones. Anyone have a link to share with us? ~sg
  Good Morning Louis! Let's make it a fantastic Wednesday! We can get it done! :D
 Good Morning! How's your Wednesday? Let's make it great ;)
  sounds very interesting! Will check into it! Ty for contacting us! Have a fabulous Wednesday!
  yw! Fabulous day 2 u! ;)
  tell us more about what you offer!  We R listening! ;) Ty
 RT  I have your cards  out at Northside Decorating in Roswell! Here's a pic of them:  ...
 yay!  Good morning &  says Hey & how is  doing? Hope you both are happy tweeters now! ;)
