 Yes! RT  You can watch Mercury Men NOW on  at  or on  at 
 The Man! 
 Another new ep! RT  ElfQuest fans rejoice! New Mediacracy w/  +  
 Using Mac OS X Lion it's immediately apparent that the mouse era is over.  Touchscreens and trackpads are it.
 My pointless drink of the day: decaf espresso. Double shot. 
 RT  The best, funniest  video about Siskel & Ebert I've ever seen.  From Nostalgia Critic 
 New couch coming, so we decided to give away our old one and 3 chairs.  Gone in 30 mins. 
 RT  New Mediacracy returns! All new episode w/   + 
 Congrats!  Ladies and gents, we're now in the top 10 of YouTube - thanks to all of you for your support! We'd be nowhere without you!
  don't think i've seen it, but i'll check it out, thanks!
 Lovely, intimate wedding. Congrats to  and  
 3000th hit for Derek Jeter is a home run. Best pressure player of this generation.  
   many thanks! times are good. cc: 
 RT  Happy 4th of July! Or as my cats like to think of it, the Apocalypse.  
  our fav place, as well. Dinner for 4 is in order. :) cc: 
 Fabulous anniversary dinner with  at Chaya Venice. Kobe, arugula, lobster ravioli, paella, triple banana dessert, espresso... 
 Web series taking over.  
 Tackiest restaurant ever.  
 Dear  thanks for an incredible 22 mins of television tonight. Your pal, 
  congrats to new dad and mom, and welcome to Kyla! 
 RT  An offer I couldn’t refuse (AKA, my new job.) 
 RT  Speaking of  here's their new book:  Launch event tonight in DC featuring  . ...
 Halloween Vlogfest 2006! RT  Anyone who was  Halloween Party for  can appreciate 
 Good rule of thumb for emails that need to be more than a sentence or two: make bullets with short summaries. 
 Trying out Carousel, a desktop app for Instagram.  Really liking it.  
 RT  Big ups to YouTube stars  Their new TV show debuts on  tonight: 
 Peter Falk died. Bumping into him at a cafe when we first moved to LA was really memorable
 Zadi's office at Disney 
 At the DIMG Innovation Space opening.  
 I discovered Hell: driving from Santa Monica to Burbank at 5pm. 
 RT   I looked at my dashboard this morning and went," huh....so thats what a $12cpm looks like".
 Congrats! RT  Our first series is live!! Cat Deeley in Yahoo! Web Series, The Hollywood Reporter 
 RT  In about 2-3 hours, we will be releasing a preview of my new music video produced and directed by  Do y ...
  congrats on the Break deal!
 Amen. RT  Congrats to all involved w/GAME OF THRONES, and HBO for letting me watch it on my iPad on a mountaintop in Utah.
  why should you and my mother be any different?
  oh, man.  that blows.
 RT  Just added a fun cameo to Wed's Mortified LA show! Community star  Tix:   ...
  just finished 2 trips to NYC in the past 2 weeks, but I'll be back again in August. :)
 45 minutes on the tarmac waiting for a gate. 
 Awesome! RT  So proud of my little  Awesome article on Wired :) 
 Terminal 2 at SFO is nicer than most upscale suburban malls. 
 After tomorrow and Thursday's flights, I'll have logged 13,000 miles in the past 12 days. Brain is in a fog.
 RT  Just watched "Network" and they mentioned a $4CPM for tv and I thought, "holy shit, TV had a better CPM than me 35 years ago?"
 Photo of the precious tweet: 
 Standing at 140 S 4th St, Bklyn 11211. There's nothing but a giant hole in the ground where  and I spent 7 years building our lives.
 Early dinner in Union Square after a good weekend with the family and before a flight back to LA.
 At the American Airlines terminal at LAX there are two Starbucks literally within sight of each other. 
 The amazing  Pettis and  on Colbert Report from last night!  
        that was the web video woodstock!
 I'm hiring a Content Partnerships Coordinator at blip.tv LA: 
 Page 1 biz! RT  Meet a Web video maker that's making real money, thanks to  in my NYT story: 
 Kent Nichols and Sarah Nichols! 
 About to stand up with  at his wedding in the beautiful foothills of the Sierras.
  happy birthday, you king of virginia.
 The last 24 hours have taken me from the streets of NYC to the rural farms and sequoias of central California.  What will tomorrow bring?
 RT  Video: Darth Vader goes to Disneyland (cc  
 It's alarmingly early to be in a cab on the way to the airport. Also: the effects of last night's party are still evident.
 Think of the mileage on this group... 
  :)
 Thanks for the congrats, everyone!  Big day for us, bigger ones in store for the whole industry.  :)
 Big press conference starting! Live stream on the  blog - .  Look for the press release, as well!
 Easy to forget NY humidity when you live in Santa Monica.  Here for 10 mins, I already need a shower.
 Instead of a BBQ I'm getting on a plane for a week in NYC for some big news. 
 Every once in a while  tears thru her closet and tosses almost everything. Today is that day. 
 That giant bowl of granola and yogurt *might* have been a mistake. 
  never got the email, homeslice
 Apparently every single person and company I work with has decided they are clearing their desks for the weekend.  Hundreds of emails!
  Pennsylvania Ave between 26th and Stewart in Santa Monica.  :)
 Food trucks as far as the eye can see! 
 Always a good group for   writer's group (at  LA). 
 RT  I'm hiring! Regional Sales Director at blip.tv - Greater Los Angeles Area  
 Internet going down in the office may be a sign that it's time to call it a week. Either that or the apocalypse has begun.
 People filing in for the  meeting here at  LA.
 Excess 
 RT  blip.tv design is a success. Went to watch ONE video, ended up spending TWO HOURS down the rabbit hole of web series.
 RT  LA producers:  and myself will be at the  meetup tonight if you want to talk about blip.tv and 
 RT  I mean, I like you but I don't Facebook "like" you...
 Indeed! RT  Congrats to  and  on joining forces at digital-entertainment powerhouse The Collective
 Brent Spiner stopped by :) 
 Best thing about the new  site launch is that it has enabled  to rejoin the world of Twitter! 
 Really blow away by all the tremendous response to the new  site.  It's incredible how hard everyone worked to push this out.
 RT  From Tubefilter, one of the most in-depth articles yet: Blip.tv Redesigns Itself, Curates Original Web Series  ...
 Nuthin' much goin' on today. Just this:       
   haha, sweet!
 What women hath wrought 
  congrats on completing your Master's Degree, fine sir!
 Gearing up for next week.  Six months of work and plenty of blood, sweat, and tears by the whole  team.  ;)
 Fun times at the Pirates of the Caribbean 4 screening. Lesson: beware mermaids.
 Congrats to  &  on the beautiful new arrival! 
 Great people at this company. RT  EQAL Seeks Department Coordinator, Partner Content & Communities 
   great to hear!  :)  lots to come.
  that was a yuck move done to you and many others.  I reciprocated as a result.
  that was a nice touch. Felt like they did justice to the characters and didn't take it too seriously.
 Thor-oughly enjoyed Thor. The ladies in the audience thoroughly enjoyed shirtless chris hemsworth.
 RT  blip.tv is hiring a Senior Product Manager, Producer Products 
 RT  What it was like to be on  The  has video:  w/    ...
 $64.53 fill-up at the gas station.  New personal record. 
 About to head over to my panel at Digital Hollyweird.  Hope to see you there! 
  hahaha.  I know the feeling all too well. 
 Really nauseated by the intellectuals tweeting their disdain. If you were in NYC or DC on 9/11, you would feel differently.
 RT  Magnificent address by the President. And magnificent operation. This is his finest hour.
 Sunday homicide in Venice! 
  you rock, paul!
 IAWTV writer's group at  LA 
 Lovely dinner downtown with  and Sarah, of the Hatfields.  Yes, those Hatfields. 
 It is completely ridiculous how fast the weeks are going by. 
 Unreal.  247 people dead from storms in the U.S. South: 
 Well played. RT  Now that we have Obama's Birth Certificate... when do we get to see Sarah Palin's High School diploma?
 RT  Donald Trump is hair's first attempt to grow a sentient being.
  sorry to miss the party last night, we were under the weather.  how long are you in town?
  we're not involved in the project at all, just donated to it. still hoping it manifests itself. cc: 
  if it's a web series, that's great. sign up at blip.tv and go nuts.  :)
 Nice chat with  about his Fresh Hell series:  .  Good to see people diving into this thing!
 RT  . Season 3 is live & it's nominated for     ...
  thanks, steve!  been too long!
   thx. lucky breaks are lucky.  :)
  other than 320K when it first went up, all in the last 4 weeks or so.
  I hear ya. WSJ is $9/wk. People pay for financial news, but they don't assign as much value to the rest. I'm in for $3-4/wk.
 I was a daily reader of NYTimes.com. It was my primary news resource. Since they threw up the improperly priced pay wall they lost me. Sad.
   you never know when something is going to catch fire. e.g. 
 This will blow up this week. No doubt! RT  um amazing! RT  Wow. This kid is unbelievable 
 One of those amazing Santa Monica days that robs you of all ambition.
 You know you're done for the night when you're looking at the Google doc you're working on, and absolutely nothing makes sense. 
 Hahaha this is awesome. RT  I audition for SNL with Andy Samberg.  100% for reals!   
 RT  so its $35 to buy Portal 2 on Amazon & get it in a box, dvd, manual, & delivered in another box by a few trucks but $45 to ...
   stop it, you guys are making me crave ice cream!
 Game of Thrones makes my Sunday night awesome again.  :)
  buying The Jaws Log for my Kindle right now.  :)
  you certainly do get around, you!
 Today was a totally sane, productive day. 
  email me at steve at blip dot tv with any questions.  :)
 . amazing article in Ad Age! 
 RT  Still haven't completed the new show page wizard? Check out  rules 4 logo/poster design,then go fill it out! http ...
  yes, pretty much. you have to choose to work on projects that introduce you to new networks of people over and over.
 It's a new New Mediacracy! We're joined by writer/director  and of course  and  
  only way to know is to jump in the deep end of the pool.  :)
 The new ESPN baseball commentating team is... not good.
  also, at a certain point you have to reconcile what you're really good at, and what you want to do. They aren't always the same.
  you can work on more than one project at once, and to be honest, it's way easier than directing!  ;)
  directing has the most material impact on a project from an artistic standpoint. but i probably enjoy producing more.
 I shall not give in to this sore throat. I shall not give in to this sore throat. I shall not...
 RIP to one of the true greats of film, Sidney Lumet.  From theater to live television to classic films. Read his book, it's incredible.
      appreciate it!
 Some days you get lucky.  RT  This is where  usually parks his car. Could've been bad. 
  the old URL will be in effect until we roll out the new show pages.
 RT  Attention show producers! We like your assets and would like to see more of them. Please head to  for mo ...
 RT   &  amazing interview from sxsw - so much awesome advice for show producers...
 Apple lost me as an iPad2 customer.  Still no stock?  There goes my interest.
 Fun  shoot at the  LA office tonight with  And while they shot, got my inbox down to 5. 
 Chinatown? In HD? Perfect.
 This one-hit wonders show from the 90's on VH1 right now is like a trip back to high school. 
 My Playstation and MLB.tv force me to take 20 minutes to download updates before watching a game. Set top boxes have a long way to go.
 This is a good gig. RT  I am looking for a hungry showrunner for a real time live news show... referrals only (DM)
 Late Night with Jimmy Fallon is a ton of fun.  You guys have really found your stride,  and 
 RT  For those of you that want to watch at home here is the link: 
 At the sold-out screening for   Great job by the organizers! :)
 Amazing!  RT  It's a boy!!!! This is life changing. 
 Congrats! RT  WCB wins Best Reality Series and Best Directing in a Reality Series at  
 Awesome! RT  Really nice write-up in Adweek about  's creative services! we're official! 
 RT  Remember when geeks ruled  Then the celebs came, which is cool, but some people hated it. That's going to happ ...
 RT  Did you hear?  named one of  10 Most Innovative Companies in Video:  Yay, congrat ...
 Ha, this is awesome!  I got the opportunity to direct  &  - 
 New episode of New Mediacracy! The Dark Side of Web Video with     - 
 Crazy rain! Internet out, DirecTV out... I may actually have to talk to a human being.
 RT    because...umm..I'm co-producing it and it's awesome.
 Only thing I know about this weekend is that it involves a few hundred bucks and an iPad.
 RT  Quoting  IRL: We've finally found the cure for Bieber Fever, but unfortunately it's the Rebecca Black P ...
 Have people not received the memo about fanny packs? 
  thank you, m'lady. :)
    thanks very much!!!
  only 36 hours, then back on a plane to LA. Great seeing you in Austin!
 After 8 hours of flying it's good to be in NYC. Off to seek dinner.
 RT  For each retweet  will give $1 to Japan quake victims up to $100K. More ways to  
 You know the interactive geeks are leaving Austin en masse when the wifi gets super fast and your cell phone has data again. 
 RT  Check out  11am panel with   +  on Indie Collaboration  Hilton C goo.gl/D64pd
 Maybe it's because this is the first  in many years that I'm not in hyper-production mode, but this has been the best. 
 It's official: I danced my ass off.
 RT  Dancing machines   and  
 RT  Dancing machines!!  and  
  everyone's in
 Warming up for Diplo at the Vimeo party.  This place is HUGE. Fear no line, all will get in. 
  diplo spinning at the vimeo/cnn party. gonna be, as the kids say, off the fuckin' chain.
 Ah, Austin. 
 Just incredible. RT  Haunting ground-level tsunami footage: 
 RT  Photo: Come see  talk at Hilton 4th floor! (Taken with Instagram at Hilton Austin Hotel)  ...
 Talking about  at  with  
  OMG classic!
  :)
  pics or it didn't happen! ;)
 Our intimate group in the Hilton lobby is growing quickly.  :)
 Post-party cooldown and conversation 
 RT  Behind the scenes  - nurf guns, group lunches & more! 
 Stubbs / Diggnation party was great, as it is every year. Now a cool down conversation in the Hilton lobby bar with some rockstars.
 RT  Good times with      and  at the  workshop.
 For anyone who might be confused, I'm NOT signing a book about movie special FX and stunts on Monday: 
   just saw your tweet now, unfortunately. i'll be around tomorrow AM, lemme know if you wanna meet up.
  awesome talk.  you live quite the awesome and fascinating life.
 DeFranco speaks   
 RT  Speaking at  today 4-4:15pm on my research: technology & migrants in China - Ballroom E ACC
 Unconferencing   
 The  meetup has turned out to be really interesting.  Great mix of creators here -- TV, YouTube, web series, all repped. 
 Talking about Canadian production tax credits at Clive's. 2PM  meetup. 
  dammit, sorry I missed it.
   you, too, mark!  sxsw is like a big extended family. ;)
  heading over to the conv center shortly
  most definitely!
 Taxi driver, meet deodorant.  Deodorant, this is taxi driver.  There, now we all know each other.
 Touchdown Austin. Where's the beer and BBQ?
  negative re: groupme requiring fb connection. there's also textplus.
  done and done.  :)   
   I believe that can be arranged.  :)  cc: 
  yup, see you there?
  definitely. in Austin on Friday. :)
 Big congrats to    and all of  on the YouTube acquisition!
 I prefer full-grown gorillas in my coffee 
 Accidentally ate two too many donuts.
 Congrats! RT  and the ring makes it official :) i'm in love with  and getting married!!!  yay!
 RT  RT  Lost our Dp, need a new one. We've got a ton of gear. Send reels to scottmbrown   ...
 RT  Are you KIDDING me!? I am as tall as Ru's nipples! Next Monday on Logo- I am a judge on  !  ...
  it was a pleasure. you were as generous with your knowledge in person as you are on your blog. :)
 Makin' calls, playa 
  The "Unrecordable" New Mediacracy, After Dark.  ;)
 New Mediacracy after the mic stops rolling is simply the best. Unbelievable stories, just awesome. 
 Most expensive fill-up ever. 
 Doing a New Mediacracy tonight with     with any questions for him.
 Are you following   If you are a web show creator or interested in the industry, you should be.
 We can do a show from SXSW. Come ON. RT  Fun night w/     So bummed I won't be in SXSW!
 It's a new New Mediacracy! Talking vision and prod values with     
 RT  Very happy to announce Here's Some Awesome, a collaborative video curation blog by    and me! http: ...
 Looking fwd to Tony Bourdain's livetweeting of the  premiere tonight on  thx to  and 
 RT  The Gregory Brothers "songify" the movies  
 Drove through a snowstorm, yes a SNOWSTORM, on the way to Las Vegas. 
 RT  Mike Tyson has some script notes for 127 hours.   (via 
 Next time I think about ordering mac and cheese for lunch, please, Internet, reach into the ether and smack me in the face. 
  Happy birthday!  Few can wear a suit as well as you and remain douche-free.  :)
 RT  Just watched the BEST. OFFICE. EPISODE. EVER. Please release "Threat Level Midnight" in theaters!  ...
 Anyone looking for a definitive resource to follow events as they unfold in the Middle East, follow 
 Nothing like the smell of a new car.
 RT  Check out  heading on the road with  !! 
  good to see you!
 Impressive turnout for the  meetup.  Lots of positive, hopeful energy in the air.  2011 is our year.
  how about CreDepenWorkBoration, Inc.?
 I'm excited for Dragon Age 2, not just because  is doing what looks to be a kick-ass web series for it!
  we <3 you, too, fine sir!
 RT  HR1 Bill, which eliminates funding for Public Broadcasting, is in Congress this week. Speak Up: 
 Fun new ep of New Mediacracy with     
 Nice to have  home from her trip to Paris! 
 RT  I wish had respected the Grammys at some point, so I could say I just lost all respect for them after they snubbed Guru  ...
 Enjoyed  running commentary as his movie Private Parts wraps up on HBO. You rule, Howard.
 What's happening in the world?  Been such a busy week I have no idea.  I hear something happened in Egypt??
 The White Collar Brawlers and Blippers in LA. With whiskey. 
 Very cool morning  
 Good to be back in the mix with a new New Mediacracy recorded tonight.  Thx to    and 
 OH: All roads lead back to Justin Bieber.
 RT  Need a teenage looking actress to play a dead'ish body tomorrow morning- afternoon! Anyone?
 I love being able to work on flights. Such a productive time. Assuming, of course, I have enough room to open my laptop. 
   so sorry about your dog, guys.  :(
 Just finished dinner with my two oldest friends, all the way back to kindergarten. Tons of laughs and a great steak.
 Watching Superman 2 while I get some work done. Damn, I love Netflix.
  thanks, eric!
 Taking it up a notch. :) RT  LoveMakers is out! Kind of! Check out the pitch site, and the promo: 
 Definitely not Santa Monica 
 Man, everyone on this flight is in such a pissed off mood. Very unsettling. Arguing like crazy. Guess no one wants to fly into a snowstorm!
   I'll be dreaming of Mai Tais when I'm ankle-deep in slush in about 36 hours.
 100% chance of snow forecast in NYC for Tuesday. My flight? Tuesday.
 RT  I couldn't name a town more primed for disruption. Sweet home LA.
 RT  Video: It Takes Two to Make a Thing Go... Wrong. (or do not interrupt  dancing) 
  tv everywhere is this kind of initiative. so is what hulu is trying to do with hulu plus. marketplace is evolving...
  but there will also be a mobile player tied in, app-style, to let you watch wherever you want, whenever you want.
  my guess is that this tool you seek will wind up being a television with tivo-like software and unskippable media ads.
  so what you are presenting us a is product and technology challenge vs perceived demand.  chicken vs. egg.
  and, this universal subscription tool has to provide a great experience for the viewer, anywhere and everywhere.
  the show has to be able to make money from this tool or there is no incentive. right now different models everywhere.
  sounds like you want to be able to subscribe to any show on any platform and have it aggregated into one place, yes?
 Life in a Day on YouTube was poignant and moving. A testament to why many of us chose a life of video. Bravo to all. 
 Very cool!  Google will be just down the street from where we live! 
 For anyone with playback issues of the new New Mediacracy in your web browser, a fix will be up in about 7 mins.
 New ep of New Mediacracy! Past and Future Empires w/     and  
 I think the people upstairs from the office are blasting Wilson Philips.  WTF.
  you totally wrecked it.  Loved it when you dropped their jammer like a sack if potatoes. 
 Amazing space! RT  Just posted video of the new TWiT Studios First Walkthrough 
 Here to watch Mickispeedia wreck shop:   
 Saturdays 
 Congrats! Culmination of a great journey! RT  I can FINALLY share the news,  is coming to 
 Come have a beer with us at the  penthouse! Link in a previous tweet! 
 RT  Exciting New Mediacracy recording tonight w/   +  - any questions for anybody?
 Blip tech team at the Getty! Cold in NY? ;) 
 The Blip party link should be working now.  Drinks tonight at the Blip house (not the office): 
 Who's up for drinks tonight?  Spread the word, party at the Blip house! 
 Big thanks to Sean from  for stopping by the Blip LA office to o some lunching with the dev team!
 RT  Awkward Talks with Girls 3.1 feat.  Diaz hits 10,000 views in less than a week on YouTube!  htt ...
 Today is the kind of day people move to SoCal for. 75 and sunny in January. 
  glad your flight wasn't canceled!  see you soon!
 Watch  cross the line with  in part 2 of his Awkward Talks With Girls: 
  Mookie Blaylock! Also played for the NJ Nets!  What a pull, sir!
 Just ate a bag of gummy bears in under 10 minutes. SO READY.
     that guy's been around forever and this is what he does. pay him no mind.
 For comedy fans, this is just an incredible interview with Bobby Lee by  
 Such a funny video with  and  "Awkward Talks With Girls" 
 Futuristic new conference room table at Blip LA assembled!  
 With the temperature of this country approaching the heights of crazy, sad to say I am not at all surprised about this shooting.
 Some good stuff going on with The Partners Project. Great interview with Mystery Guitar Man: 
 After serious consideration I've concluded that Southwest's idea of not providing seat assignments is a poor choice. 
 OH on my cab's radio: "Las Vegas convention center, 400 people in line and no cabs. Get over there, people! We need a lotta help over here!"
 $4.17 at LAX. This is the small bottle. 
 Really Southwest? A 3 hour delay for a 1 hour flight? 
 Yes! WTF podcast in The NY Times: 
 Congrats!! RT  I have an announcement! Starting Monday I will be Director of Buzz Social Media for 
  thanks for reblogging that interview and your kind words!
 Word! And to the other winners! RT  Congrats to     on their Clicker Awards! :)
  appreciate the response. service drops during video chats, consistently and repeatably. very frustrating.
 I showed up on this week's Blip on Blip!  Note, man in interview is happier than he appears! 
 Dear Time Warner Cable in Los Angeles, you offer just amazingly poor service for residential customers. Can't wait til my contract is up.
 Really impressed with the speed of Parallels 6 running Windows 7 Pro on my MBP. Huge improvement over the past couple versions.
 Giant Happy Birthday to  the single most generous, kind, talented person I know.  <3
 2011 is going to be an incredible year for online video. Sustainability and production value are going to meet interactivity in a big way.
  you had a right fookin' New Years and never you mind the mess!
 Had an excellent, quiet New Years with laughs and good people.  Only problem?  Not nearly drunk enough. ;)
  same to you, Tom!
 Really appreciate all you guys that are following this Twitter. Not sure why you are, but I do appreciate it! :)
 Epic! RT  L.B. RAYNE'S LATEST MUSIC VIDEO from 1982 is out! "The Groove Grid - The Lost TRON Theme Song" 
  that episode is one of the great hours of television in the last decade imo.  :)
   these guns. each have. a SAFETY. 
 The LA office is exceedingly well-armed.  is the initiator.  took it to its logical conclusion. 
 Know what happens when you don't write code for 3 years and then dive back in? Brain no work so good no more. 
 Commandeered my old 30" monitor from  for the night.  Wow, did I miss this puppy. 
 For any of you Epic Fu fans out there, important announcement about MIX! 
  appreciate the kind words about New Mediacracy.  :)
 RT  Just watched a "movie" called Sea Beast on the SyFy Channel starring Corin Nemec.  Apparently Parker Lewis can lose.
 Black Swan. Wow.
  we didn't hang out cuz we're a bunch of fogeys!
  oh that fateful day in June 2006! hope you and  enjoy some time off!
  too kind, sir.  Our pleasure to have you and  in our lives! :)
   congrats guys!
 Check it out!  New holiday episode of Epic Fu that brings a ton of fun back!   - going to build some steam for 2011!
 Early X-Mas present: new New Mediacracy with      - 
 One other quick  related note: if you have long videos on Blip, you can now set up to 6 mid-rolls and enjoy awesome CPMs!
 For your show creators out there, blip has really high CPMs through the end of the year. Really recommend making a push if you can!
 Just finished one of the best New Mediacracy episodes we've ever done. Thx    Up in a couple days.
  wow, congrats!
  appreciate your listening the whole way.   will be called upon to answer for his "high school drama" comment.  ;)
  no, sir!  CentOS on the web server.
  appreciate it, Tom. :)
   the show itself doesn't have to end, just my running it. maybe we get a rotation of moderators to come in.
  Really appreciate you listening that far! I have one left in me for tomorrow night, then handing the reins to -- ?
 Nothing like a server restart to make everything nice and snappy again.
 Um, WOW! RT   I named my baby after you. :)
   Trying to watch Killspin, cannot get into Lockerz.  Captcha just keeps reloading.
 In the new New Mediacracy ep:      
 Massive rundown of the year in online video... it's a new New Mediacracy! 
 Evernote, Dropbox, and Google Docs -- I don't really need much else anymore.
 Agreed, really well done. RT  Congrats on    - as always, great writing! 
  Ha! Great job, guys!  cc 
 Thanks,  <3 from  LA 
 Anyone going to Digital Media Summit today? On a panel at 11:30.
  2010 wrap-up more or less
 Recording a new ep of New Mediacracy tonight -  me with questions/topics you would like us to address.
 I mean, it's still $100M+, so no one is starving.  But taking up to $40M less is unheard of.
 Pretty shocked, amazed, and think it's kinda cool that Cliff Lee took SO much less money to go where he wanted to go.
 Nice interview with  in  5 Questions With... series: 
 Saw a special on NetGeo this weekend -- there are 20,000 lions left in the world.  Expected to be extinct by 2020. 
  80 degrees in LA today.  just sayin'.
 Very awesome to the the  guys in the Sunday New York Times! Photo:  Article: 
  me, too!  
  4th Indy was a disaster, as well.  somehow the ignorance of Temple of Doom trumps it for me, though.
 Temple of Doom is one of the all time tentpole disasters. Pretty much unwatchable.  Also, the movie was banned in India for racism.
 The past 7 months has caught up to me in the form of a massive cold. Video games and movies are the only cure. ;)
 New Radnerd show with  as a guest! :)  
 RT  My favorite new webseries = Killspin  I heart 
 RT  violince ep. 7 feat.  &  is finally posted! hope you enjoy it! 
  this is unreal.  going to have to go back to the office.  they appear to be throttling my uploads.
 Its actually impressive how lousy Time Warner residential Internet is in LA.  I mean, you almost have to try to be this bad.
 Pretty sweet -- blip.tv URLs now display the blip player in  
  for this one, probably just the Devil. ;)
  that's awesome!  will be so glad to see you in the community again!
 Getting ready to do the TV 3.0 Panel. I plan on saying disruptive things. 
 Hell of a day for a Monday! :)
 New FU! Some casual online games for you non-gamers: 
 Must have been a massive problem at Tumblr to be down for nearly a day now. But remember, Twitter was down for nearly a *week* in 2008.
  can't wait to see that!
 Watching Get Him To the Greek on a plane is a tough choice for the older couple sitting next to me. They'll get over it.
 Dinner and dessert at Arthur Ave in the beautiful Bronx 
 End of a great week in NYC. Seems like I blinked and the week was gone. Chillin' with mi hermana, then back in town in a month.
 Truth. RT  "She held herself very straight, like Audrey Hepburn, whom all women idolize and men never think about."
  Happy Birthday!!!
 RT  Hey! It's a  Christmas Carol! In which <gasp> I sing.  
 Wandering the streets of New York in deep nostalgia mode.
 Really hate flying, but looking forward to NYC 
 Listening to the new Brett & Craig podcast. I did not, in fact, have chicken for Tgiving. cc  
 Nothing like having to check your damn carry-on. Thanks, Delta! 
 I gotta hand it to the Disney marketing execs, they are killing it with Tron Legacy.
 Just noticed that netflix.com now redirects to movies.netflix.com.  Hmm, wonder what's in the pipeline.  :)
 Oh, bummer.  RIP Leslie Nielsen, one righteously funny bastard.
  but when i get back to LA we will set up a year-end roundup of online video episode, which was  idea.  :)
  i'm off to nyc for a week, but i'll try to round up a gang in my hometown to record a new ep.
 My  support weekend day is winding down.  Not too bad, aside from the person accusing blip of hacking into her email accout. 
 Chained to my desk until everything on my catch-up list is done.
  thanks, Lewis.  love to hear how the web video industry is growing in New Zealand! cc  
  happy birthday!  see you very soon! :)
 OH from  "I love  like I love a person."
 Yes! RT  You can watch Mercury Men NOW on  at  or on  at 
 The Man! 
 Another new ep! RT  ElfQuest fans rejoice! New Mediacracy w/  +  
 Using Mac OS X Lion it's immediately apparent that the mouse era is over.  Touchscreens and trackpads are it.
 My pointless drink of the day: decaf espresso. Double shot. 
 RT  The best, funniest  video about Siskel & Ebert I've ever seen.  From Nostalgia Critic 
 New couch coming, so we decided to give away our old one and 3 chairs.  Gone in 30 mins. 
 RT  New Mediacracy returns! All new episode w/   + 
 Congrats!  Ladies and gents, we're now in the top 10 of YouTube - thanks to all of you for your support! We'd be nowhere without you!
  don't think i've seen it, but i'll check it out, thanks!
 Lovely, intimate wedding. Congrats to  and  
 3000th hit for Derek Jeter is a home run. Best pressure player of this generation.  
   many thanks! times are good. cc: 
 RT  Happy 4th of July! Or as my cats like to think of it, the Apocalypse.  
  our fav place, as well. Dinner for 4 is in order. :) cc: 
 Fabulous anniversary dinner with  at Chaya Venice. Kobe, arugula, lobster ravioli, paella, triple banana dessert, espresso... 
 Web series taking over.  
 Tackiest restaurant ever.  
 Dear  thanks for an incredible 22 mins of television tonight. Your pal, 
  instead of brains, I am an email zombie.  emaillllzzzzzz
 You can really get a shitload of work done if you go straight through til 1:42AM.
 OH from  "I love  like I love a person."
 Yes! RT  You can watch Mercury Men NOW on  at  or on  at 
 The Man! 
 Another new ep! RT  ElfQuest fans rejoice! New Mediacracy w/  +  
 Using Mac OS X Lion it's immediately apparent that the mouse era is over.  Touchscreens and trackpads are it.
 My pointless drink of the day: decaf espresso. Double shot. 
 RT  The best, funniest  video about Siskel & Ebert I've ever seen.  From Nostalgia Critic 
 New couch coming, so we decided to give away our old one and 3 chairs.  Gone in 30 mins. 
 RT  New Mediacracy returns! All new episode w/   + 
 Congrats!  Ladies and gents, we're now in the top 10 of YouTube - thanks to all of you for your support! We'd be nowhere without you!
  don't think i've seen it, but i'll check it out, thanks!
 Lovely, intimate wedding. Congrats to  and  
 3000th hit for Derek Jeter is a home run. Best pressure player of this generation.  
   many thanks! times are good. cc: 
 RT  Happy 4th of July! Or as my cats like to think of it, the Apocalypse.  
  our fav place, as well. Dinner for 4 is in order. :) cc: 
 Fabulous anniversary dinner with  at Chaya Venice. Kobe, arugula, lobster ravioli, paella, triple banana dessert, espresso... 
 Web series taking over.  
