 Rolling down the street smokin' endo.
  Lmao he my nigga so its cool.
  You hype.lol
 RT  I've turned into an insensitive monster.... 
 I like titties. I love ass.
  >:D
 Post it.! RT  I might post the Imma Boss rmx from Meek Mill w Hov Swizzle beats Birdman that ish heat rock trynna clean it now!
 The only time she wear Burberry is to swim.
  lol ask Dayana.
 RT  Vick gave this city credibility RT  Ever since A.I. left Philly been fucked up.
  >:p
  Suburban Station.
 Ever since A.I. left Philly been fucked up.
  CTFU.!!
  lol alright. You should come to my job.
 RT  love.
  <3
 You scared motherfucker.? Keep it real with me.
  Ctfu wack ass.
 Who is gassin' 'em.? Fuck outta here.!
  stfu.!
  You sure.?
 I'm so far ahead of my time.
 My one of a kind self, gets stoned everyday like Jesus did.
  Lol Thuglife.! You'll be cool...or I'll kill someone.
 Last night I had a dream and thoughts were racing through my head, felt so real to me....
  its cool...anyway wyd today.?
 I tweet from the toilet seat.
 Rigamortus.
 Your irrelevant.
 She dead weight.
  me.!!
 I'm fly bitch, I should poke you in your eye bitch.!
 Hahaha people be so angry. S/O to everybody whose not smiling right now.
  FUCK YEAH.!!
 S/O to  she got the boom boom bap.haha
  swag bitch.!haha
 Cheeaaaa  got the pimp juice....I think she need to let it loose.lmao
  Lmao Pimp juice.
 RT  XXLMag.com: Kanye West on the Set of "Otis" Music Video [Photos]   
 Gimme the mic.
 RT   
  lol yup. I was pissed.!
  is fucking beautiful
  Lol This happened like 3 days ago and it wont come off. She even poured it in my hair. -__-
 Where do Naeema and Nulan be though.? I'm trying to kick it like FIFA.
 She's a BB.
  Smh Rocky poured glitter all over me. Its still on me.
 
  Downtown where Rocky and Dayana come to torture me.haha
  Working...-__- I wanna see "you know who" but I have to go to the hell hole.haha
  Lmao hahahaha...good morning Emyral Johnson.!! >:D
 RT  I quit smoking
 This is hell.
 3, 4...5, 6, 7, shit, 8 is the bullets of you say no after all this.
 1, 2, Your the girl that I want...
 In the back of my mind I'm writing songs about we.
 I'm bickin back being bool on the Eastside.
 F23$C0
  LOL.! I had a few...
  Ctfu.!
 You've been on this Earth for a little while now...what can you say you've done here.?
 RT  Ladies ... Do better ... Drama it's for the birds!
 I'm an overachiever.
 All you fucking lames don't have to like me, the Devil doesn't wear Prada...I'm clearly in a fucking white tee.!
 Life's a cute bitch full of estrogen.
 Put this middle finger in your ear.
           
  >:-*
 RT   My Love  <3 <3
  lol its not that "hard".
 Oh, stop trying.
 RT    his dougie on a bean
 Triple 6 Gang.
 Your about as hard as a dykes clit.
 Disregard bitches.
 We got the Angus....
 Some people just won't get no where in life.
 It's amazing the amount of fuck I don't give.
  Ctfu what.?! That shit don't even make since yo...you probably high.
  Smh fuckisup yo.?
  Tell her its on sight.
  Ctfu I'm about to kick that hoe in the face. Fuckisshe.?
 sheesh.!! RT  36-26-44 
  Ctfu what the fuck was she talking about.?
 Jailin crazy though. She was snapping on me though. What the fuck for.?!
 LOL She was basically tweefin' with me...Haha
 >:D RT  I look good in boy shorts;)
 Ctfu yo I just peeped  Yeah going in on me lowkey. Shaggggggg my nigga. WOOGIE.!
 Huh... The fuckery is this.? RT  Well fuck you to then willy-um
 Slow down son, you killin' 'em.
 Dooset daram jeegar.
 All my women fly as shit, why your bitches scared of heights.?
 Your position is pending.
 -__-
 If niggas feel some type of way...fuck 'em then.!
 RT  You pushed me off every time I tried.
 Flat ass butt...fuck outta here.
 I ain't right.
 Motherfucker please...
 Trick please...
 Hoe please...
 Bitch please...
 Nigga please...
 We probably smoking flavors bumping Tyler, the Creator.
 You be kissing ass...that's why you can't say shit.
  lol I got you.
  Listening to music watching my cousins play NCAA.
 Swagg off the hook you can't use this phone.
  LOL.! See your so fucking awesome. I love you. >:]
 UFO bitch yeah that's that shit.!
  Wyd.?
 Pop Tarts are fucking awesome.!
 I remember when people said I was lame for having a skateboard.
  >:/ fuck.
 She let me in her jungle, I hit her with that rattle snake.
 Smoking on that "oh yeah".
 I can't trust this chick.
 I love 
 I know you my nigga, your not about it.
 Your girl know who we are.
 
 All this for what.?
 RT  O.F. on the 9th, The Throne On the 10th!???? FUCKING SWAG!!!!!!!!!
  They dont know how how to upgrade.
  REALLY.?! Well I don't mean her...she's not a "ghetto bitch".
 I'm observant.
 You don't have an ass...so I pass.
 Your bitch is old news.
 People these days are a trip.
 So  lied to us. Smh...
 NuggetHead <3
 RT   laugh is the fucking worst!!!
 This bitch....
  Mo Mo.! >:D
 RT  some dreams stay dreams, some dreams come true.
 You sweat her...and I ain't talking bout a Coogi.
 RT   just dropped something earlier bro! Tune in when you get a chance.  "LOOK4DALOGO"
  Lmao you dont even call back.!
 When is  putting out some more music.?
 Puff puff then pass...don't fuck up rotation.
 I ain't in the Klan but I bought my hood with me.
 You motherfuckers better do your job and roll up...
 I can still smell the sweat that shit hardly works.!
 Why every ghetto bitch gotta smell like "Love Spell" or that God damn cucumber bath & body works.?
 Lord, lord, lord.
 I ain't stopping for you niggas like yellow cabs.
 RT  My new wallpaper :)     
 Girl you the baddest I promise I’m picky, and even if we fuck I promise that you ain’t fuckin with me.
 Nigga I’m at the tippy, I run my city, then run in the club they bringing my liccy, I pull down her zippy, I’m all in her viccies. >:]
  Definitely.
  Sheesh. Your supposed to be Juan Bama.
 RT   RT  Who has some DS sneakers.?
  Ctfu Yikes.!
 Condoms.?! RT  fuck everyone.
 S/O to  cause she ride with no handbars.!
 People want what they don't deserve.
 Subliminal tweeting ass bitches.
  You was in the shower.!! Alright next time I'm coming and and opening the shower just go say bye my nigga.
  Any luck with talking to them people.?
 Who has some DS sneakers.?
  wear a UFO shirt when you do.Haha
 Pussy is the shit, that don't mean I'm gone pamper y'all.
 RT  RT“ I love a girl that thinks a lot...Cause sex with me is mental.”b<---whoot whoot, tweet of the ce ...
 I love a girl that thinks a lot...Cause sex with me is mental.
  LMAO.! Your the one that audition for the SunDrop soda commercial.
 I was cool before uncool became cool.
 Some niggas say I'm bullshitting but they don't be important.
 I just be in the cut. My nigga Neosporin.
  the white one.
 Relationships should never rewind.
  Your a horny one aye.lol
 M&M's ain't in this bag bitch.!
  lol I know that. I was just like -___- Davidson.haha
  I love you.
  Lmao Davidson.?!
 RT   Zoe Kravitz
 <3 RT  
 Zoe Saldana or Zoe Kravitz.?
  Definitely. DM your number Bro.
 You obviously care if you say "I don't care".
  >:D
 This NFL shit don't seem real. Everybody's going to the most random team.
 RT  THE CREW & I THANK YOU   <--This Video Of (cont) 
 RT  RT  RT  All My Tattoos have Meaning '!
  lol cause Xandalee don't know that shit.
 SMACKED.!
  She don't know about that.
 People are phony.
 Don't ask me about mine, nigga.
 You big in here.
 Shimmy shimmy.
 RT  Agreed RT  House Parties > Club Parties
 House Parties > Club Parties
 Fuck is on your tomato.?
 I'm not a businessman, I'm a business-man...
 I don't think my mental is safe.
 RT  My team always workin!!!!
  >:]
  lol Don't "ew" me.
 RT  We ain't savin' hoes, we swappin'!!!!
  Lmao that's from working no sleep partying then back to work.haha
 Ya mom. RT  Who sleeps like this ?  
 Up, up, and away...
  is beautiful.
 Success is tangible don't wait for fame.
 Haha copycat ass nigga. RT  I say nigga a lot...even if you not black.
  Lol. Fuck.! I'll try calling back when I get in the house. My shits about to die anyway.
  This shit doesn't get off of You.
  O_o call back.
  Yup. >:/
 I hate glitter.
 RT  It was in three text of fuck this fuck that, and the last thing was Fuck You I was ctfu he's (cont) 
  You Nigga.!
 I remember  said this girl who I think was pretty breath smelled like "Get back bitch".Haha
  shut up nigga.
 Six Flags is so fucking wack.
 I say "nigga" more than 100 times a day.
 I see you pimp.
 She might say your name...but she yelling mine.
 >:D I see RT  UFO Sighting<3   
  Come to Aunt Leslie crib tonight....
    definitely is a lot.!
  I need that Shit.haha
 RT  No women , No cry.
  FUCK.! That lucky ass nigga.
  Did you see it.?!
 Ctfu  you just don't want me to shake you down my nigga.
  The leopard print one with the gold.
 Don't rush into a relationship just to fill that void.
 RT  Far from the usual .
 I hope your ass bigger than Wilona and Thelma.
  The one I want is like $1500 haha
  Sheesh. How much was that one.?
  >:D good. Which one are you getting.?
 Steven Jo is my nigga.!
  Get the backpack.!!!
 Paybacks a bitch and you've been living debt with me.
  Same here. Just work.
  LOL.!
 RT     "TONY MONTANA"IN STUDIO RECORDING VIDEO!! (cont) 
  Hey, what have you been up to.?
 RT   are so damn STUBBORN! But then it just for their own protection
 RT   know to be patient but once they had enough it can be like a volcano. Unexpected & cold like a stone afterwards
 Haha people do this though. They even use Facebook. RT  You're not cool if you NEED twitter in order to find friends.
 Haven't talked to  >:/
 Smh at Alexia. NOT even going to mention her.
 Haha I love me some Awesome-ass  .
 S/O to  just for her avi. <3
 RT  lauryn hill, jill scott, and erykah badu are the realest chicks i know.
  lol boredom gets to me.haha
  lol my bad.
 Should I stop.?
 Your breath smells like "get with it or get lost" my nigga.
 Your whole "everything" sucks.
 You just a funky ass motherfucker yo.
 Your the type to buy that new Gucci bag and forget your baby formula.
 So you got a 52nd St. Louis bag but act like its the real thing. O_o
 You got more bodies than the morgue, Bitch, shut up.
 Some nigga piped you up now you think you Kim Kardashian pretty.
 Your just, okay.
 Your not ugly...but your not as pretty as you think you look are.
 Your nobody.
 I'm cold as penguin pussy.
 I love you. RT  Still up watching Disney Channel and texting my Hermano,  <3
  I love you more.!haha
 I LOVE My Shorty Pancakes 
  You can't hate me.!
  lol *raises hands higher* can you get it.?
  Thanks. >:D
  Lol Awwwh your little legs tired.?haha
  >:] I love my sister   
  >:] I love my sister 
 Go die.
  Lol Well at least you got your exercise. What how long did It take you to walk it.?
  what were you on Kelly Drive for.?
  The fuck.?! You was on a hike.!haha
  LOL I love you more.haha
 Once upon a time there lived a shortstack of pancakes named 
 RT    yeah and  said wassup, yall don't want none foreal.
  Definitely.
  Word tell Lil Cuzzo I said what's good.haha and Yeah I'm Chilling.
  What's good with you Cuzzo.?
 RT  S/o my nigga  das my boy... His clothing line too 
 Fuck you want a cookie, bitch.?!
 >:D RT   i fucking love your awesome ass WAY more!
  What's wrong with you.?
 Real nigga shit. RT  if its viintage its new. !
 Swag.! RT  Btw I'm k234y5h4wn
  ME.!haha
 RT  i love me some white girl yo :)
 That wasn't bubble gum she was chewing.haha
  >:D
 RT  fashion...whatchu know about that?
  Lol yes they are.HAHA
 Sheesh... RT  rap niggas flippin' my bars, jackin' my slang.
  They are.!!lol
 Social Networking sites done got to your head yo.
 INKKINGZ.!!! RT  NEW WORK BY SHAWNA  
  I love you.
 Sheesh.
 Wtf.? This nigga  kinda dissed my nigga 
 All the lines...she crossed 'em.
 I smoke a lot of weed to keep them bitches off my mind.
 RT  50 Men's Fashion Trends That Never Should Have Happened | Complex  via 
  I've been here. Where have you been.?
 Not bad huh, for some immigrants
 Sheesh haven't talked to  in a while.
 Friends ask what's groovy, I tell them "I'm living".
 RT   the Power Rangers weren't lame.
 I ask myself a lot of questions.
 A female can be your best friend, wife, worst enemy, or your worst nightmare. It all depends on how you treat her.
  Did you get the pictures of the tattoo silly.?
 If I give you this heart of mine, promise me you'll never break it.
  -__-
 People care too much about what other people think.
 I'm capable of staying committed to one person. I just don't want it to be the wrong person.
 RT  philly rap can't stand having someone that'll do and say whatever. they're too worried about (cont) 
 I don't want to think of you this much.
 Sometimes I hate having feelings...
 I fucking love your Awesome-ass.! RT  I want some pop tarts o.O 
  Lmao he needs to make another album.!
 If she loves you now, what else matters.?
 Where's Justin Timberlake been.?
 Someone special call me.
 I just wanted to be at peace with you, and if I gotta settle for a piece of you, then I gotta say peace to you.
 Where's my NuggetHead.?
 Do not disagree with me its best if you just concur.
 RT  I love The Fray.
 Everyone goes through the same problems. Just not at the same time.
 Conservative for the most but outspoken still.
 When you look for love you often go for something that was never there. Lust.
  love you, too.
 R.I.P. to the girl I used to see...
 Goodnight  >:] <3 hope your okay.
 Don't ask permission just ask forgiveness.
  Seriously though. Text me now yo.
 Your mistakes are costly.
 Show me where your tatts is....
  >:D we out Yo.!!
 My voice stands alone.
 I'm an asshole. Wipe me down bitch.
 I got my heart right here.
  Smh...
 Sigh.
 Fart.
 Doink.
 Splat.
 Smack.
 Burp.
 RT  I gotta do what i gotta do.
 I'll make you eat your words.
 Fighting over pussy is pointless.
  LMAO.!!!!!
  Lol your bullshitting me.
 Goodnight text to the woman of my dreams.
 You wanna be high for this...
  lol you gotta do it though.
  huh.?
  Lol When you wanna go.?!
 RT  Will looks like he slaughter niggas with this flows.
  we gonna record it.
  When can you get this glue off.?
 This chick must've tripped and bumped her head more than once.
  No you don't, battle me.!!
  Right Fuck this show.
  Yo, my nigga what's good.?
 AmandaPLEASE.com
  No it wont. I'll get it with you.!haha
 This nigga Corey ate 7 meximelts, a Mexican pizza, 2 plates of spaghetti, 3 chicken sandwiches, 2 double stacks, sausage-egg/cheese...
 S/O the dick friendly bitches.!haha
 RT  Bitches get the fuck on my nerves.
 Yup they do. RT  Bitches lose they virginity and get all dick friendly.
 RT  Some people just really don't need to be in your life.
 RT  Waiting for something that won't happen.
  DO IT.!
 RT  Girls don't got no fuckin respect for each other, and niggas not the fuck loyal.
 RT  !!!! RT  I rememba da episode wen Kenan moved away n Kel got dere 2 late. Dat (cont) 
 Bored as fuck.
 RT  You get what you give,
 I'm still hungry though.
 RT  You niggas get a tumblr, and go crazy yall make sure twitter see every post keep that shit on (cont) 
  I was downstairs. Lol
  I'm hungry as shit at aunt Leslie crib.
  fuckyoudoin.?
  I got some popcorn nigga.! >:D
  lol yeah you wont do nothing.
  lol when.?
  De nada.
  Same thing.haha
  Yeah try me.haha
  Haha.! You think so.?
 Aye.! RT  Is there any Theodore Grams listeners in my followers?
 Your a joke. The opposite of dope.
 Feliz cumpleanos  <3
 Where I'm from the dopeboys are the rockstars.
  you must want to fight.
 Everybody wants to be the star of the show.
  LOL.! What.?!
  Where you about to go Cuzzo.?
