 Risk & Responsibility - JMR Portfolio Intelligence  via 
 Our newsletter Risk & Responsibility is out!  via 
 RT  Seth's Blog: What does 'pro-business' mean? 
 I am Predicting the Future . . . Maybe 
 Massey Energy Director Elections: A Landslide or a Mudslide 
 Why Say on Pay Doesn’t Matter 
 CyberRisk: Lessons from the GhostNet Report 
 The Independent (NOT!) Chairman At Morgan Stanley 
 Corruption in America is alive and well. 
 The Commission and Access: The Interrelationship with Delaware Law  
 India lifts Blackberry ban threat - Central & South Asia - Al Jazeera English  
 Graft-Fighting Prosecutor Fired in Afghanistan - NYTimes.com  
 Pentagon’s cybersecurity plans have a Cold War chill  
 Reports of mass rape by DRC rebels - Africa - Al Jazeera English  
 When Republicans and Jihadis Agree… - Nicholas D. Kristof Blog - NYTimes.com  
 Intel’s purchase of McAfee highlights cybercrime fears  
 “E-Personation” Bill Could Be Used to Punish Online Critics, Undermine First Amendment Protections for Parody  
 Karl Rove-Linked Conservative Group, American Crossroads, Adapts to New Campaign Finance Landscape  
 Human Rights and Malware Attacks  
 G.O.P. Sees Mosque Near Ground Zero as Campaign Issue - NYTimes.com- don't let substance get in the way here  
 News Corp. Gives Republicans $1 Million - NYTimes.com - so much for democracy  
 Russia’s FSB Receives Decrypted BlackBerry Messages From Mobile TeleSystems  
 A Deductive Proof About RIM And Government Monitoring - The Firewall - the world of security - Forbes  
 India threatens Blackberry ban - Business - Al Jazeera English  
 BP to pay fine for Texas refinery - Americas - Al Jazeera English  
 Crisis-Shaken Executives Sharpen Focus on Risk -  - FINALLY!
 Seriously? Eric Schmidt Thinks There Should Be No Anonymity Online?  
 The Future of the Internet  
 Imprisonment of Judge Reflects Poorly on Venezuelan Justice - IPS ipsnews.net  
 Is cyberwar lawful?  
 ‘John Doe’ Who Fought FBI Spying Freed From Gag Order After 6 Years  
 Appeals Court Rules Against Secret Police GPS Tracking  
 Obama's Surveillance Power Grab | The American Prospect  
 News AmericasIraqis to sue US firm at Abu Ghraib 
 Iraqis to sue US firm at Abu Ghraib - Americas - Al Jazeera English  
 NACD News 
 U.N. Chief Warns Big Business to Play by Ethical Rules - IPS ipsnews.net  
  Congress punts proxy access to the SEC.  Not clear if anybody wins yet.
  Where do things stand on proxy access in the final bill?
 Painfully Funny  
 Run It By Tom! (Special Numbnut Edition)  
 BP and the Gulf of Mexico oil spill: How to create corporate... 
 From Beit Shemesh, a Cry to American Jews  
 Lying About The Gaza Flotilla Attack  
 The Need for Reform of the Director Nomination Process  
 Is Israel Drifting Toward Civil War?  
 Nigeria's Agony Dwarfs the Gulf Oil Spill. The US and Europe Ignore It | CommonDreams.org  
 Israel attacks Gaza aid fleet - Middle East - Al Jazeera English  
 What You Can Do To Bring Wall Street Under Control  
 Goldman Sachs Abroad: Helping the rich get richer—By Ken Silverstein at Harpers 
 Critics of Access and Congressional Action: The Boomerang Effect  
 Vietnam: Stop Cyber Attacks Against Online Critics  
 Foxconn suicide toll mounts  
 Israel faces child-abuse claims  
 RT  I am Predicting the Future . . . Maybe 
 Bank Cornered over Financing Israeli Settlements - IPS ipsnews.net  
 $MEE Massey Energy attacks union recommending vote against 3 directors. Changing the subject doesn't erase the problem Mr. Blankenship.
  Massey wants to kill the messenger here. THe core issue raised by CtW is Massey's incompetent board of directors.
 $GS Shareholder E. Davis calls for Blankfein to resign. He declined the invitation.
 $GS The gadflys are in force at the Goldman meeting today. Blankfein shops at Walmart? WTF!
 With all due respect to Tim Smith of Walden Asset, board diversity is a sideshow to the debacle brought on by Goldman.
 $GS Evelyn Davis, the perennial gadfly is wasting space lambasting Lloyd Blankfein. What a waste for shareholders.
 $GS Goldman Sachs annual meeting seems to be playing out without much fanfare
 Goldman braces for shareholder fury  No doubt a fun time will be had by all.
 Massey Energy $MEE - It's time for CEO Blankenship to go. He's digging in his heels. An irrational leader. Can the board step up here?
 WSJ.com - Massey Board Probes Safety Responses Over Two Years  - Time to get CEO Blankenship out as Chair of the Bd
 Friday Options Brief: MEE, CSTR, SMH, RTP -- Seeking Alpha  - Time to cancel the CEO's contract shareowners!
  Seems it's time for the Massey board to do a bit of CYA. It's also time for shareholders to vote them out!
   Time to get rid of CEO Blankenship. If you invest in the co - vote against all directors.
 Proxy Tip: Is the CEO also the Board Chair? Vote No for reelection.
 Proxy Tip: Ratify Outside Auditor? Check outside fees first (READ PROXY STATEMENT-Auditor Ratification)
 Say on Pay: What is it? Simply put, a proposal to require shareholder approval of exec. pay. What a novel idea!
 Proxy Tip: Do the Audit Committee members have financial experience? If not VOTE NO!
 Proxy Tip: Is a director employed for an institution receiving company funding? VOTE NO (See proxy statement for details)
 Proxy Tip: Are all directors on the Comp. Committee independent? If not, VOTE NO for those members (See proxy statement for details)
 Proxy Tip: Director Votes - Are 2/3 of the board members independent? If not, vote against all insiders.
 Proxy Tip: How do your mutual funds vote their proxies? Check ProxyDemocracy.org for voting details
 Proxy Tip: Shareholder proposals calling for company reports improve transparency. VOTE FOR SUCH REPORTS!
 Proxy Tip: Look at directors' attendance records. If a director attends less than 75% of the meetings, VOTE AGAINST THAT DIRECTOR!
 Proxy Tip: Shareholder Response to Outsized Bonus Pay - VOTE OUT COMP COMMITTEE MEMBERS!
 Proxy Tip: Does an Outside Auditors non-audit fees exceed 20% of its audit fees? VOTE AGAINST RATIFICATION OF OUTSIDE AUDITOR!
 Proxy Tip: Is corp performance down while executive comp is going up? VOTE AGAINST ALL COMP COMMITTEE MEMBERS!
 Proxy Tip: How many other boards does a director sit on? 3 or more? Too many. VOTE NO
 Proxy Tip: More than 15 board members? VOTE NO for the entire slate
 Waddell and Reed: Hyperbole as a Measure of Performance 
 Waddell & Reed: Is Hyperbole a Measure of Performance? 
 Proxy Tip: Shareholder proposals calling for separating the chair and CEO positions should be supported. VOTE FOR!!!
 Proxy Tip: Term limits for directors aren't good for companies. Vote NO against such proposals.
 Proxy Tip: Lead directors are a stop-gap for separating Chairman and CEO positions. Vote FOR but only when no other option exists.
 Proxy Tip: Never support a stock option plan that allows repricing. This rewards failure. VOTE NO
 Proxy Tip: Only support option plans that are truly performance-based. Premium priced options are their way to go.
 Proxy Tip: Grant reloading (replenishing grants already doled out) overcompensate executives. VOTE NO
 Proxy Tip: Can't understand what a stock option plan says? VOTE NO
 Proxy Tip: Golden Parachutes (severance agreements for executives) should never be permitted. Did you get a bonus when you were fired?
 Proxy Tip: Study your proxies carefully. Look for unusual perks given to executives. Find one? Vote against Comp Committee members.
 Proxy Tip: Increase authorized common stock? Why? If for general purposes, VOTE NO
 Proxy Tip: Supermajority voting requirements? This makes it virtually impossible for shareholders to challenge management. Vote NO.
 Proxy Tip: Dual class voting proposed? What rights go to which class. If you get stiffed on your rights VOTE NO
 Proxy Tip: Confidential voting remains an important tool for keeping management from influencing shareholder votes.
 Beyond Director "Independence": Are most of the company's directors CEOs by day? This is a problem of the like-minded watching the store.
 Proxy Tip: If a director has too many other board seats (3+), VOTE NO.
 Executive pay out of control at Wells Fargo. Share price flat while CEO skyrockets to $23M in 2009. VOTE NO against all directors $WFC
 Director Responsibility: A director should commit 100-250 hrs. a year to his directorship. If HE is a full-time CEO, this is a problem.
 New link: ProxyAnalyst 
 Director Overload: So do the math - A director sits on 4 boards. 250hrs a yr each board plus a full time job. VOTE NO!
 Board Diversity: When voting, consider if all board members are white males. Can be a measure of board passivity.
 Proxy Tip: Shareholder Rights Plans can protest the company from unwanted takeovers but they can also entrench management.
 Proxy Tip: You should oppose requests to authorize preferred stock if the board has unlimited rights to set the terms of shares.
 Proxy Tip: Generally, disapprove requests to "approve other business." This is a license to take action w/o shareholder approval.
 Proxy Tip: Does a company's option plan dilute shareholder value? Divide option shares by shares outstanding - 10% too much!
 Proxy Tip: Does an option plan allow for repricing? Vote against the plan.
 Proxy Tip: does a company want to increase outstanding common shares? Ask why. If for general purposes, VOTE NO.
 Corporations and Politics: Why Political Disclosure is Irrelevant 
 RT  Corporations and Politics: Why Political Disclosure is Irrelevant 
 Proxy Tip: Vote against any director if he is not independent and serves on any key committees - Learn more  $$
 Proxy Tip: Look for specific reason for increases in common stock. If lacking, vote AGAINST proposal - Learn more at  $$
 Proxy Tip: All directors should be elected annually. Vote FOR board declassification 
 Proxy Tip: Shareholders should carefully consider management plans for creating "poison Pills" - Read why  $$
 Proxy Tip: Sustainability reporting is an inexpensive means for improving environmental transparency - Learn more  $$
 Proxy Tip: Controlling Executive Pay - Recommendations for Shareholders  $$
 Ernst & Young: Enron Redux? 
 RT  Ernst & Young: Enron Redux? » Governance Notes 
 RT  Patience is the companion of Wisdom. It is bitter, but its fruit is sweet
 Lessons from the Bear Stearns Collapse - a GREAT READ! 
 RT  Seth's Blog: But it's better than TV 
 Black and Decker: Will Shareholders Take the Money and Run? 
 Proxy Tip: Does a preferred stock issuance grant supermajority voting rights? VOTE NO
 Proxy Tip: Support "Say on Pay" proposals. Reign in excessive exec. comp.
 Low Shareholder Approval of Directors leads to better responsiveness by directors and CEOs according to studyhttp://cli.gs/RQ66A
 RT  Black and Decker: Will Shareholders Take the Money and Run? 
 Black and Decker: Will Shareholders Take the Money and Run? 
 Proxy Tip: Does a director sit on too many other boards? Vote him (or her) off the board. (See proxy statement for details)
 Performance-Based Proxy Voting 
 RT  Performance-Based Proxy Voting 
 Proxy Tip: VOTE YOUR PROXIES - Low vote approval of directors results in lower comp and higher CEO turnover, study shows.
 Proxy Tip: Any politicians or rock stars on the company board? Let them legislate and gyrate someplace else. VOTE NO!
 RT  KB Homes: Where is the Compensation Committee? 
 Proxy Tip: Plurality votes for uncontested directors means they need only ONE VOTE TO WIN! But a substantial No vote can sway the company.$$
 KB Homes: Where is the Compensation Committee? 
 Political Spending Post-Citizens United: Keep an eye on regulated industries (defense, telecom, energy, transport) Danger lurks.
 Proxy Tip: Own a banking stock? If it receives TARP funds, YOU get to vote for or against comp packages. It's your choice.$$
 $KBH  ALERT: Vote against Dirs. Bollenbach, McCaffery, Nogales and Finchem - CEP pay out of control
 Warren Buffett on Shareholders, Directors and CEOs 
 Proxy Tip: Voting on an option plan? Look at performance criteria. Can't understand them? VOTE NO.$$
 Proxy Tip: Is a director really independent or just on paper? Actions speak louder than words - job performance on the board matters. $$
 Proxy Tip: Greenmail imposes excessive costs on shareholders and potentially entrenches management - Read why  $$
 Proxy Tip: Look for excessive non-audit compensation when ratifying the outside auditor - Read why 
 Proxy Tip: Support proposals calling for a majority vote standard for the election of directors - Read why  $$
 Proxy Tip: Performance down while exec comp is up? Vote No against all directors. Check performance at Google Finance  $$
 12 Factors to Consider When Voting on a Board of Directors 
 RT  Andrew Carnegie and Lessons Lost 
 Andrew Carnegie and Lessons Lost 
 RT  Seth's Blog: Losing Andrew Carnegie 
 Proxy Tip: All directors should be elected annually. Vote FOR board declassification 
 Is Wall Street Taking On Too Much Political Risk? 
 Proxy Tip: The board Chair should ALWAYS be independent. Vote FOR proposals separating the positions of chair and CEO 
 Proxy Tip: All key (Comp, Audit, Nominating) committees should have no inside directors. 
 Proxy Tip: Did a board adopt a shareholder proposal? If not, vote AGAINST ALL DIRECTORS 
 7 Things to Look For in a Proxy Statement 
 Proxy Tip: The Outside Auditor should have no other business with the company. If so VOTE NO for ratification. 
 Proxy Tip: Support Board Diversity - Studies show it helps improve board performance 
 RT  Executive Bonuses Tied to Something! 
 Proxy Tip: Board Too Big? More than 15 directors is too much. Vote off some directors. 
 Proxy Tip: Don't allow limits on outside auditor liability. VOTE NO. 
 Proxy Tip: Does company disclose why it changed auditors? If not VOTE AGAINST auditor ratification. 
 Executive Bonuses Tied to Something! 
 Mutual Funds and Proxy Voting: A Rough Road Ahead? 
 RT  MSCI to Acquire Risk Metrics 
 MSCI to Acquire Risk Metrics 
 RT  Citigroup Directors Get Expelled But the Frat Party Continues 
 Citigroup Directors Get Expelled But the Frat Party Continues 
 Board pay: Unchecked and out of hand  via 
  I hope this gets some traction. It's a hoot!
 Proxy Voting: The Movie 
 6 Reasons to Vote Against Your Mutual Fund 
 RT  6 Reasons to Vote Against Your Mutual Fund 
 WSJ Comments on Proxy Access and Commie Plots 
 Director Accountability: The 5 Worst Mutual Funds 
 RT  Director Accountability: The 5 Worst Mutual Funds 
 RT  An Ancient Fable for Post-Modern Times 
 An Ancient Fable for Post-Modern Times 
 Barclays Needs to Detox 
 Proxy Tip: $DIS Walt Disney - Vote FOR Item 8 - A shareholder advisory vote on executive pay. A MUST HAVE! 
 Proxy Tip: $WFMI Whole Foods - Vote FOR Item 6 - Adopt a Succession Planning Policy for the CEO 
 Proxy Tip: $LLY Eli Lily: Vote for item 6 - which prohibit CEOs from serving on compensation committee 
 Barclays Bonuses Deferred: The Shell Game Continues 
 Citizens United and the Pharma Industry 
 Proxy Tip: Does company disclose why it changed auditors? If not VOTE AGAINST auditor ratification. 
 Proxy Tip: Don't allow limits on outside auditor liability. VOTE NO. 
 Proxy Tip: Board Too Big? More than 15 directors is too much. Vote off some directors. 
 Proxy Tip: Support Board Diversity - Studies show it helps improve board performance 
 Proxy Tip: The Outside Auditor should have no other business with the company. If so VOTE NO for ratification. 
 Proxy Tip: Did a board adopt a shareholder proposal? If not, vote AGAINST ALL DIRECTORS 
 Proxy Tip: All key (Comp, Audit, Nominating) committees should have no inside directors. 
 Proxy Tip: The board Chair should ALWAYS be independent. Vote FOR proposals seperating the positions of chair and CEO 
 Proxy Tip: All directors should be elected by a majority of votes. Support Majority Vote Proposals 
 Proxy Tip: All directors should be elected annually. Vote FOR board declassification 
 Lions and Christians and Proxies 
 RT  Lions and Christians and Proxies 
 RT  Proxy Democracy Relaunches! 
 RT  Morgan Stanley and Executive Pay 
 Proxy Alert: Williams Controls $WMCO - Vote proxies before 2/24/2010 meeting.
 $GS - Will Blankfein's Payout Irk Investors? 
 Proxy Tip: Look for specific reason for increases in common stock. If lacking, vote AGAINST proposal - Learn more at  $$
 Proxy Alert: International Game Technology $IGT - Vote proxies before 3/2/10 meeting.
 Proxy Tip: Vote against any director if he is not independent and serves on any key committees - Learn more  $$
 Morgan Stanley and Executive Pay 
 Proxy Tip: Controlling Executive Pay - Recommendations for Shareholders  $$
 Proxy Tip: Sustainability reporting is an inexpensive means for improving environmental transparency - Learn more  $$
 Proxy Alert: Warner Music Group $WMG - Vote proxies before 2/23/2010 meeting.
 Proxy Tip: Shareholders should carefully consider management plans for creating "poison Pills" - Read why  $$
 Proxy Alert: American Pacific $APFC - Vote proxies before 03/09/2010 meeting.
 RT  ProxyAnalyst Launches its Fan Page on Facebook 
 Proxy Alert: Navistar International $NAV - Vote proxies before 2/15/10 deadline
 Proxy Alert: Pepsi Americas $PAS - Vote proxies before 2/17/2010 meeting.
 ProxyAnalyst launches its beta-site. Check us out at 
 Proxy Tip: Performance down while exec comp is up? Vote No against all directors. Check performance at Google Finance  $$
 ProxyAnalyst Launches its Fan Page on Facebook 
 Proxy Alert: Deere & Co. $DE - Vote proxies before 2/24/2010 meeting.
 We've launched ProxyAnalyst, which is a resource for individual investors looking for proxy voting advice 
 Corporate Political transparency: SEC must require shareholder approval of corp. contributions.
 Proxy Democracy Relaunches! 
 Proxy Tip: Support proposals calling for a majority vote standard for the election of directors - Read why  $$
 Proxy Tip: Look for excessive non-audit compensation when ratifying the outside auditor - Read why  $$
 Proxy Tip: Greenmail imposes excessive costs on shareholders and potentially entrenches management - Read why  $$
 Proxy Alert: Applied Materials $AMAT - Vote proxies before 03/09/2010 meeting.
 $CIT: Will CEO Thain pull the company back from the brink? More importantly, can CIT directors keep Thain's hubris in check?
 Proxy Alert: Burlington Northern $BNI - Vote proxies before 2/11/2010 meeting.
 Proxy Tip: 5 reasons to Vote Against a Director  $$
 Proxy Tip: Is a director really independent or just on paper? Actions speak louder than words - job performance on the board matters. $$
 Proxy Alert: American Capital Ltd $ACAS - key vote on stock issuance - vote before deadline on 2/11/10
 Deere & Co. $DE - Recommend vote to reduce CEO pay disparity 
 Shareholder Action: Demand that companies set business rationale for all political spending. $$
 ON2 Technology ($ONT): Battle between shareholders and management re: sale to $GOOG. Is management dealing for shareholders or themselves?
 Proxy Tip: Voting on an option plan? Look at performance criteria. Cana't understand them? VOTE NO.$$
 $AAPL Apple shareholders need to support sustainability efforts. Support Proposal  calling for sustainability reporting.
 Proxy Tip: Own a banking stock? If it receives TARP funds, YOU get to vote for or against comp packages. It's your choice.$$
 Political Spending Post-Citizens United: Keep an eye on regulated industries (defense, telecom, energy, transport) Danger lurks.
 Proxy Tip: Plurality votes for uncontested directors means they need only ONE VOTE TO WIN! But a substantial No vote can sway the company,$$
 Ptoxy Tip: Any politicians or rock stars on the company board? Let them legislate and gyrate someplace else. VOTE NO!
 Bill de Blasio makes the point that disclosure is the way to go to reign in corporate political influence . Maybe
 $TSN Tysons Foods annual meeting on Friday. Vote your proxies online - NO for all directors.
 After Citizens United: Will corporate political transparency suffice when the U.S. Chamber can launder the political money?
   If investors want to vote their proxies, go to MoxyVote.com. A good platform for voting online.
   Thanks for the thumbs up. A real motivator on my end!
 RT  Look out CEOs! Tough proxy season ahead on executive compensation - 
 RT  Minow testifying-Wells Fargo CEO got 522% salary raise. Clawback should apply no matter what.
 An Ugly Fact: The U.S. Chamber of Commerce outspent both the RNC and the DNC in political activity last year.
 BofA Bonuses Spread Out Over 3 Years: CEO incurs less investor rage when excessive payouts spread over three years.
 Citizens United Worst Case Scenario: Defense contractors buy the government through unlimited political spending.
 Morgan Stanley CEO to Reduce Pay Ratio: Pay to Revenue ratio last year was 62% Compare to Goldman this year - ratio at 36%
 AIG Bonuses Set: Payouts drop by $20M to a mere $175M for 2010. Investors watch your pockets!
 Tysons Foods: ProxyAnalyst issues its Vote Recommendation report. Read it at 
 Low Shareholder Approval of Directores leads to better responsiveness by directors and CEOs according to studyhttp://cli.gs/RQ66A
 Proxy Tip: VOTE YOUR PROXIES - Low vote approval of directors results in lower comp and higher CEO turnover, study shows.
 Proxy Tip: Support "Say on Pay" proposals. Reign in excessive exec. comp.
 Reynolds American ($$RAI): Vote for board declassification.
 Proxy Tip: Does a preferred stock issuance grant supermajority voting rights? VOTE NO
 Proxy Tip: does a company want io increase outstanding commoan shares? Ask why. If for general purposes, VOTE NO.
 Rite-Aid: Severance at the company out-of-control. Vote against the Comp Committee.
 Rite-Aid: As noted in footnoted.org severance at the company is out of control. Vote against the Nomination Committee.
 Proxy Tip: Does an option plan allow for repricing? Vote gaginst the plan.
 Proxy Tip: Does a company's option plan dilute shareholder value? Divide option shares by shares outstanding - 10% too much!
  What's the view in the UK on this? I think its an ego play by the Kraft CEO. Think AOL-Time Warner.
  Not familiar with that. Let me look...
  Ahhhhh. Saurday morning and my first cup-o-java. That and a gud FU gets me going in the am. Now let me get the paper....WTF!
 Citizens United and Corporations: Free speech doesn't convey the right to spend. Tell that to the Corruption Court.
 Citizens United and Corporations: WIll Max Headroom become the new voice of America?
 Citizens United and Corporations: Transparency International alludes to trouble on the corruption front here in the U.S.
 Proxy Tip: Generally, disapprove requests to "approve other business." This is a license to take action w/o shareholder approval.
 Proxy Tip: You should oppose requests to authorize preferred stock if the board has unlimited rights to set the terms of shares.
 footnoted.com has some juicy revelations today. Note the Applied Signal vacation policy payback for execs. What the hell!
 Goldman Sachs: What is the comp. committee's view on setting pay for executives and others? This is the question shareholders must ask.
 Corporate Political Transparency: Does contribution disclosure work? Probably not. A feel-good solution but "So what?"
 Has anybody seen an example of corporate greenmail recently? Let me know...
 Proxy Tip: Shareholder Rights Plans can protest the company from unwanted takeovers but they can also entrench management.
 SEC Meeting on Sustainability Disclosure: First meeting attended at SEC. Recommendation passed 3-2. Commissioners Casey and Paredes votd NO.
 SEC approved an Interpretative Release to provide public companies guidance with respect to climate change impacts in a 3-2 vote.
 Citizens United: E J Dionne's idea is a requirement that all political ads include a CEO statement: "I approved this ad." YES!
 Board Diversity: When voting, consider if all board members are white males. Can be a measure of board passivity.
 The Nexus between corporate Political Giving and Banking Regulations 2010: Will corps. buy their way out of the fix they're in?
 Corp. Political Transparency: Disclose business rationale for all political giving.
 Corp. Political Giving: Disclose all trade-association giving.
 Corp. Political transparency Pt. 1: Disclose all direct and indirect political giving at all levels of government.
 Shareholder Rights: SEC Must demand transparency for all corp. political giving.
 Proxy Tip: Corp. political transparency is a must. Support all proposals calling for political disclosure.
 Corp. Political Giving: Post-Citizens United, the risk of corrupt business practivces will take a quantum leap.
  Yeah, me too. Liked the purple more than the red thing. But the glasses are FAB! (I fell a FU coming but, WTF)
 Interesting post on CorpGov.net about the Supreme COurt's Citizens United case and it's impact on shareholders 
 Another Tysons ex-CEO Tollett gets a lifetime $300k for his short stint at the company.
 Former Tysons CEO Bond is one year into a 10 yr consulting deal paying $758,000 for the first five yrs, and $379,000 for the balance.
 Manifest reports that Tysons Foods lavishes consulting contracts on former CEOs of the company. COmp Committee needs a wake up call. VOTE NO
 Why Diversity Can Backfire on Co. Boards - An interesting article in today's WSJ. Speaks volumes to board functioning. Worth a read.
 International Update: The Norwegian Ministry of Finance has divested from 17 companiesthat produce tobacco from the Government Pension Fund.
 MeetingWatch: Digi International - Directors Millard & Priesmeyer up for election. Received less than a majority in last election. VOTE NO!
 At its Jan. 27th meeting, the SEC will consider publishing guidelines for companiesregarding their disclosure obligations on climate change.
 Intel has backed away from a plan to hold an online-only annual meeting this year after shareholder activists expressed concern.
 Edison International, ConocoPhillips, and State Street all have agreed to conduct advisory votes on executive compensation.
 Director Overload: So do the math - A director sits on 4 boards. 250hrs a yr each board plus a full time job. VOTE NO!
 Director Responsibility: A director should commit 100-250 hrs. a year to his directorship. If HE is a full-time CEO, this is a problem.
 Proxy Tip: If a director has too many other board seats (3+), VOTE NO.
 Beyond Director "Independence": Are most of the company's directors CEOs by day? This is a problem of the like-minded watching the store.
 Cadbury Craft Deal: According to Warren Buffett," I'd vote no...I have alot of doubts about this deal."
 Cadbury Kraft Deal: Kraft shares currently undervalued. Using it's stock to buy Cadbury short changes Kraft investors.
 Cadbury Kraft Deal: As a child CEO Rosenfeld aspired to be president. Now she wants to be Willie Wonka. Investors take note.
 Morgan Stanley: Company raises pay on losses of $1 per share. Should line employees take the brunt of management incompetence?
 Cadbury Kraft Deal: As I noted several days ago, this transaction remains suspect as a value-add for Kraft shareholders.
 Cadbury Kraft Deal: Buffett sees takeover as "bad" for shareholders. Is this another "ego" deal by an uncontrolled CEO?
  Glad to hear this. Keep up the good work. You're the only one out there doing this stuff.
  In regard to the giraffe thing: I would be more concerned if they get sore necks... a big business for masseurs here.
  Can't find your earlier Tweet. In answer to what ProxyAnalyst is about: we provide analysis for shareholder proxy voting.
 AIG Bonuses: Chuck Grassley (R-IA) howls about former AIG Gen. Counsel getting a severance package. Good point Chuckie...
 AIG Bonuses: OK, I get the fact that AIG has to uphold its contractual obligations to its employees. BUT, why should taxpayers pay the bill?
 Cadbury Kraft Deal: Should Kraft shareholders approve this deal? What added long term value does this provide Kraft shareholders?
 Cadbury Kraft Deal: Ok, Cadbury shareholders get a premium but what do Kraft shareholders get? Alot of debt, diluted shares and a happy CEO.
 JP Morgan Chase profit surges to $3.28 Billion but bonuses paid totalling $26.9 Billion. What the ....
 JP Morgan Chase: Chairman of Comp Committee is former CEO of ExxonMobil. Is there a problem here?
 The compensation stench at JP Morgan is getting worse. Why did the Comp Committee let this happen? Oh, they are all CEOs too! DUH!
 For those of you paying attention, ProxyAnalyst can be found at 
 Hope to go live with our ProxyAnalyst web site in the next few days. Stay tuned.
 Proxy Tip: Confidential voting remains an important tool for keeping management from influencing shareholder votes.
 Proxy Tip: Dual class voting proposed? What rights go to which class. If you get stiffed on your rights VOTE NO
 Proxy Tip: Supermajority voting requirements? This makes it virtually impossible for shareholders to challenge management. Vote NO.
 Stock Tip: Increase authorized common stock? Why? If for general purposes, VOTE NO
 Proxy Tip: Study your proxies carefully. Look for unusual perks given to executives. FInd one? Vote against Comp Committee members.
 Proy Tip: Golden Parachutes (severance agreements for executives) should never be permitted. Did you get a bonus when you were fired?
 Proxy Tip: Can't understand what a stock option plan says? VOTE NO
 Proxy Tip: Grant reloading (replenishing graants already doled out) overcompensate executives. VOTE NO
 Proxy Tip: Only support option plans that are truly performance-based. Premium priced options are ther way to go.
 Proxy Tip: Never support a stock option plan that allows repricing. This rewards failure. VOTE NO
 Proxy Tip: Lead directors are a stop-gap for seperating Chairman and CEO positions. Vote FOR but only when no other option exists.
 NY TIMES REPORTS IN "A Window Opens on Pay for Bosses" about new exec pay requirements - Stay tuned ... 
 The WSJ reports the banking industry will pay out a record $145 billion in bonuses. That's your money America. Vote your Proxies!
 Proxy Tip: Term limits for directors aren't good for companies. Vote NO against such proposals.
 Proxy Tip: Shareholder proposals calling for seperating the chair and CEO positions should be supported. VOTE FOR!!!
 Proxy Tip: More than 15 board members? VOTE NO for the entire slate
 Proxy Tip: How many other boards does a director sit on? 3 or more? To many. VOTE NO
 Apple Inc:Vote FOR Proposals 6&7 - Bring transparency to sustainable business practices
 Will companies try to reprice options this year? JUST SAY NO (If you vote that is)
 Proxy Tip: Is corp performance down while executive comp is going up? VOTE AGAINST ALL COMP COMMITTEE MEMBERS!
 Proxy Tip: Shareholder Response to Outsized Bonus Pay - VOTE OUT COMP COMMITTEE MEMBERS!
 Citigroup: Is there a disconnect between bonuses and performance? Probably. It's time for shareholders to act at the ballot box.
 Proxy Tip: Option Plans - Does shareholder dilution exceed 10% (Total Options/Total Outstanding Shares) - VOTE NO!
 Proxy Tip: Stock Option Plans - Do payouts increase while performance lags? VOTE AGAINST THE PLAN!
 Proxy Tip: Does an Outside Auditors non-audit fees exceed 20% of its audit fees? VOTE AGAINST RATIFICATION OF OUTSIDE AUDITOR!
 Proxy Tip: Look at directors' attendance records. If a director attends less than 75% of the meetings, VOTE AGAINST THAT DIRECTOR!
 Bankers Report Earnings & Compensation: Washington shreiks, pundits howl, shareholders snore if history is any indication.
 Proxy Tip: Shareholder proposals calling for company reports improve transparency. VOTE FOR SUCH REPORTS!
 Proxy Tip: How do your mutual funds vote their proxies? Check ProxyDemocracy.org for voting details
 WSJ waxes about Goldman employees taking a hit on compensation. The problem lies in how we got here. Boards and Consultants are the culprits
 Executive compensation promises to be a big topic this proxy season: Watch BofA, Amex, Citi, Goldman Sachs and others this Spring!
 Proxy Tip: Director Votes - Are 2/3 of the board members independent? If not, vote against all insiders.
 Proxy Tip: Are all directors on the Comp. Committee independent? If not, VOTE NO for those members (See proxy statement for details)
 Proxy Tip: Is a director employed for an institution receiving company funding? VOTE NO (See proxy statement for details)
 Share the Pain Wall Street: Shedding tears for employees while exec pay goes unabated  is duplicitious and screws shareholders.
 Proxy Tip: Does a director sit on too many other boards? Vote him (or her) off the board. (See proxy statement for details)
 Will shareholders be Lemmings in 2010 with regard to M&A activity? Approving a merger because of "good synergies" doesn't cut it.
 Proxy Tip: Do the Audit Committee members have financial experience? If not VOTE NO!
 The Chattering Class (CNN) is bloviating about executive bonuses but it's shareholders who must act. Vote out directors PEOPLE!!!
  We have provided proxy voting advice to institutional investors for many years. Individuals need similar support.
  Our service will be for free.
 Say on Pay: What is it? Simply put, a proposal to require shareholder approval of exec. pay. What a novel idea!
 Proxy Tip: Is a director a consultant for the company? VOTE NO (See proxy statement for details)
 Europe's FSB warns banks must link exec pay with sane performance measures: "Johnny, don't eat it all now, you'll get sick!"
 MoxyVote offers voting recommendations from Activist Groups for individual shareholders. www.moxyvote.com
 Just finished Bob Monk's book "Corpocracy." An interesting indictment of the current corporate governance system. A "must read."
 WSJ and FT awash with compensation articles. Shareholders up in arms over pay. DUH! If Dillinger gives back the $, is there still a robbery?
 RT  Classified Board Elections 
 Thanks for pointing out the broken link. I think it's fixed now.
 Proxy Tip: Ratify Outside Auditor? Check outside fees first (READ PROXY STATEMENT-Auditor Ratification)
 Proxy Tip: Is the CEO also the Board Chair? Vote No for reelection.
