 Excited to officially announce that I will be joining the senior leadership team at Sigma House of Springfield.  . 
 is at Missouri State Universities Hammons Hall, anxiously awaiting Barbara Pierce Bush's presentation on Global Health Corps. 
 We Are This Close To Changing The World - A powerful video from Rotary International.  .    
 Hello fellow Tweeps!  Please join me in welcoming  to Twitter!
 RT  Checking Google maps. RT  The  is visiting places around NYC. Can anyone tell it how to  ...
  is a PR Genius...yes, I said it! Enjoying her "Be A Media Star" presentation at the GO LEAD Nonprofit Media Bootcamp. 
 Facilitating the GO LEAD Nonprofit Media Bootcamp at KY3 Studios in Springfield.    
 Facilitating GO LEAD: Professional Development for the Nonprofit Sector at Missouri State University.  
 RT  Is your board stepping up or are they ready to walk away?   
 "Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad."
 Listening to  share his thoughts on leadership with the participants of GO LEAD at Missouri State University.  
 Facilitating GO LEAD at Missouri State University. Assistant MO Attorney General will join me later today fo a special announcement! 
 Enrollment Now Open for the Upcoming GO LEAD Board Development Series at Missouri State University. .  
 RT  Special Report: NPT salary & benefits study, 2010 salaries inched up past inflation 
 IRS Error Leads to Form 990 Inaccuracies on Guidestar. . 
 Top 5 Things Not to Do on Facebook. . 
 Plan to attend the 2011 Public Affairs Conference at Missouri State University! .  
 Learn how to tweet like Kanye West! An attention-grabbing article on the importance of Twitter. . 
 Off to the Springfield Area Chamber of Commerce Annual Meeting! Ah, the anticipation of who will be named Springfieldian of the Year! 
 Facilitating GO LEAD at Missouri State University. Excited to see Missouri's nonprofit leaders engaged in the new year!  
 Godspeed Sargent Shriver. Thank you for your many gifts. Learn more about his life and accomplishments at .
 Great Read - "Connected: The Surprising Power of Our Social Networks and How They Shape Our Lives" .  
 Panera opens third pay-what-you-can cafe. .   
 "Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree." - MLK. Make a difference, TODAY!  
 Hello Tweeps!  I am excited to be back after the holiday break!  What are you doing in observance of MLK Day?   
 A Few Good Online Donations Tools. . 
 Facebook Privacy for Nonprofit Organizations. .  
 Texas nonprofits a true economic force. .  
 Celebrities giving back through multiple venues. . 
 Anyone can be a philanthropist. Including these University Students who have pledged to "Give What They Can". . 
 Create the change you want to see. Remember the number one reason why people do not give is that they simply were not asked.  
 A refreshing idea! Please join me in supporting Project SNaP by casting your vote each day! .  
 What do service and dating have in common? .   
 Virtual Red Kettles and Plastic Cash. .  
 The Two Non-Ask Mailings You Should Be Sending Each Year. .  
 Study Explores Charitable Habits of Entrepreneurs. .    
 'Giving Pledge' Not Without Critics. .  
 RT  Nonprofit resource Rethinking the Way Nonprofit Organizations Work 
 Why Hasn’t the Giving Pledge Attracted More Donors? .  
 Saddened to learn of Elizabeth Edwards death. What a remarkable woman. May you rest in peace.  
 Happy Holidays from GO LEAD: Professional Development for the Nonprofit Sector at Missouri State University. . 
 Is Your Organization Truly Effective? .  
 Procrastinator's guide to year end  Free webcast from  .
 "Volunteers do not necessarily have the time; they just have the heart." - Elizabeth Andrew  
 Watching the series finale of Little People Big World. Thank you  &  for welcoming us into your home, family and farm.
 Explore these great gift ideas that give back. .   
 How the economy is hurting nonprofit donations. .  
 Holiday giving expected to total $48 billion. .   
 5 Personal Branding Points That Impact Your Organization. .  
 Causecast and ACM Lifting Lives Introduce Salute to Service: A New Online Hub in the Service of Veterans. . 
 Are you a nonprofit leader? Follow  NP guru, on Twitter for relevant nonprofit news, trends, tips and tricks!  
 "To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe" -Anatole France  
 Social Media in Crisis Communication: A Lesson Learned. .   
 Obama Administration Watchdog Planned for Online Privacy. .  
 Faith, Hope and Charities. .  
 A draft of the Philanthropic Facilitation Act of 2010 is available to view on the ACD website. .  
 Lower salaries may keep nonprofits from recruiting the best people. .  
 Strategies To Reduce No-Shows At Your Next Charity Auction And Ensure Guests Are Present To Bid. .  
 RT  Nice article in the post about online and text giving.  
 RT  What will Congress accomplish this week? New policy issues happening in your state? Read Nonprofit Advocacy Matters: ...
 A fresh look at diversity and boards and how to start your board's discussion on this topic. .  
  Board Governance - Special Edition Webinar, presented by  Free webinar, Dec 7th, 1 pm EST. .
 Tax Standoff is Affecting Charitable Nonprofit Organizations This Year. .  
 GuideStar USA, Inc. Launches CEO Compensation Checkpoint Report. .  
 Avoid the Black Friday craze, and empower your loved ones to give! .   
 Spend the day after Thanksgiving learning more about someone in your life. The National Day of Listening: . 
 389 years ago, the Pilgrims paused to give thanks at the end of harvest time. We continue that tradition.  Wishing you a Happy Thanksgiving.
 Submit your organization to GlobalGiving and increase your awareness and fundraising outreach. .  
 Foundation Directory Online gives you info on 2.2M grants plus grantmakers, companies & 990s. .  
 Attending The Science of Social Media Webinar with Dan Zarella   
 Nonprofit Creates  Venues for Homelessness Awareness. .   
 Downloaded the iOS 4.2 software update for my iPad. The verdict is still out. Hoping this is a true fix for Multitasking.  
 It Never Hurts to Ask…Bigger! .   
 Top Business Books for November 2010. .   
 Currently Tending:  Formulate a clever plan  to use this hashtag and promote your  cause on Twitter!
 The world, and the way people engage with it, is changing. 2010 Civic Health Assessment. .   
 10 Things to Know About Applying for a Nonprofit Job. .   
 Currently Tending:  Challenge yourself to use this hashtag to promote your  cause on Twitter!
 Evidence that the recession increased the cost of raising money for charities. .  
 Congratulations to the dedicated folks  now Harmony House, on wonderful event to unveil their new image! . 
 Today we recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Nonprofit Executive Directors. .   
 Interesting article on "do good" ads via  . Nonprofit  
 Just back from the Expedia/Hotels.com ribbon cutting ceremony. An exciting indicator of job growth in the Springfield area.  
 Happy National  Executive Director Appreciation Day!
 Watch the latest broadcast of The NonProfit Times TV. .  
 Surviving the first year as CEO. .  
 2010 Nonprofit Employment Trends Survey. . 
 Facilitating GO LEAD: Professional Development for the Nonprofit Sector today at Missouri State University. . 
 7 Basic Steps to Create a Corporate Volunteer Council. .  
 Consumers Say Corporate Responsibility Matters! .  
 Despite the flood of new devices, the laptop remains the most critical tool to run your business. .  
 Considering volunteering overseas? The Underground Guide to International Volunteering.  .   
 How improving your online experience can make users want to give. Free webinar, Nov 18th, 10 am PST. . 
 StoryCorps' launches moving animated shorts series, sure to stir your emotions. .  
 Make the most of your next  event with tips from the  free eBook. 
 Congrats Julie Conway, AFP Outstanding  Professional of the Year. Celebrate Julie's accomplishments Nov 19th! 
 Seven in ten Americans trust  organizations more than the government or businesses to solve society’s problems. 
 Today I join all Americans in expressing my heartfelt gratitude to our veterans, America's Heroes, for preserving the freedoms we hold dear.
 A Growing Number of Americans Don’t Give to  Poll Finds. . 
 Be inspired! Submit your project! Progress Report: The  Refresh Project. Watch the video at . 
 Is your  organization active in  Make sure your not subject to the unrelated business income tax. 
 Survey: Corporations Should Do More To Help. .   
 A free and valuable tool for any nonprofit exec!  Access your files from multiple computers. .  
 Exploring the notable absence of young voters at the polls.  and young voters ignored by  candidates. 
 RT  Happy 95th Birthday to Sargent Shriver! Founding director of the  founder of Head Start, VISTA, Job Corps ...
 Matt O'Reilly presents "The  of  during the Second Annual Sustainability Conference at MSU. 
  Best Practices for  Organizations. 
 RT  We asked: With the rise of the iPad and kindle, can physical books survive? Join the conversation 
 RT  Make sure to show your shelter some love...It's Nat'l Animal Shelter Appreciation Week! 
 RT  Interesting  white paper from MO DED on S-L role in  of communities  .
 From a conference call, to our very own kitchen table, we all continue to discuss the impact of job loss in America. 
 Crafting Winning Appeals is Back! Share Your Advice! .   
 Make Twitter work for your  organization!  Twitter Jump Start - The Complete Guide for Small Nonprofits. .
 21 Ways  Can Leverage Social Media. 
 5 Causes of  Board Burnout. 
 Missouri State University to commemorate and honor veterans with first cascading taps ceremony on Veteran's Day. 
 Congrats Julie Conway, AFP Outstanding  Professional of the Year. Celebrate Julie's accomplishments Nov 19th! 
 How to make your  writing efforts more efficient and more effective. Free webinar, Nov 9th, 10 am PST. . 
 View the 2010 Missouri Civic Health Assessment press conference video at . Download the full report at .
 Join  in shining light on men’s health issues by ordering a pair of  Corduroy Shoes! Check it out, .
 How would you rate Springfield's civic involvement? Vote online at sbj.net! . 
 I have neatly tucked my razor away to participate in  Join me and spread awareness for men’s health issues! Let's Rock the Stache!
 Election will bring changes to congressional oversight of  
 Does Size Matter? How  Can Stretch a  Reach. Free live online discussion, Tues, Nov 9 at Noon. .
 Civic Participation in the Show Me State: Challenges and Opportunities. The 2010 Missouri Civic Health Index. Online at .
 Join the Association of Fundraising Professionals for the National Philanthropy Day Luncheon, Nov 12th. For more info .
 Mobile giving tools offer promise, but challenges still remain. 
 The polls close at 7:00 pm, if you have not voted, you still have time to engage in YOUR FUTURE!  Vote! 
 Visit Springfield McDonald’s Nov 1-21 to receive a FREE coffee or hot choc for a donation of food to  
 Today is the day to let your voice be heard! Embrace your right to vote! See you at the polls! For more info, www.electionland.com. 
 Likes seeing all the little goblins on Halloween. Excited by all the family friendly events to enjoy in Springfield on this holiday weekend.
 Off to Rutledge-Wilson Farm Park, in search of the great pumpkin!
 New Deep Breath Dudley Scare-Me-Not plush toy. Proceeds benefit the National Kids Sleep Disorders Foundation! 
 Loves the new Deep Breath Dudley Scare-Me-Not plush toy, www.ScareMeNot.com. Proceeds benefit the National Kids Sleep Disorders Foundation!
 Congratulations to the well deserving inductees to the Springfield Public Schools Hall of Fame! Thank you for your commitment to education!
 Meeting to discuss the 2011 Walk For Wishes, to benefit Make-A-Wish! Ask me how to get involved!
 My thoughts are with the Presley family as they lay Branson legend Lloyd Presley to rest. May you find comfort in the many lives he touched.
 Set up my Nixel account! A great way to get up to date mobile information about YOUR local government. Visit www.nixel.com and Get Involved!
 Enjoyed today’s “Civic Engagement 101” event hosted by The Network and Leadership Springfield! Get involved in your community! Give Back!
 Is excited to join the world of Twitter!  My mission, to Tweet with purpose!
