 Interest growing in the  model of care delivery   
 Popsicle stick reference - it's nada, or a regulated tongue supressor depending on how usage is positioned- FDA needs to check itself, ...
 ...  bring down burden for lower risk devices  => 
 Will the FDA mobile health regs stifle innovation? Havasy says no, though it may change the model   
 Difference between patients and consumers, but all can benefit from  - Rob Havasy, Partners Center for Connected Health 
 FDA accepting comments on draft regulations for  app development   
 DC-to-VC: CMS promoting  by bringing policy makers and innovators together 
 Back in the  saddle again this morn! Wil Yu from CMS up now  
  rollout requires team effort, flexibility    
 Met more than a few smart, impassioned  advocates and provider IT leaders at today's  Summit in Boston
 RT  Humana: Bike tracking and talking teddy bears   (morning keynote at  ) 
 RT  : Center for Tech & Aging: $447K in  grants    
 RT  FLASH! West Wireless Health Institute Vice Chairman Dr. Eric Topol to Deliver Keynote Address at the 2011  Su ...
 RT   *must* go rural      
  app tapped for serious  treatment    
 Mark your calendars! HIT Exchange LIVE CHAT w. UPenn Med CIO Andre Jenkins: Wed, 8/3, 11:30ET     
 The cost of the fire on the horizon RT  ICD-10 Is Gonna Cost Me How Much?  
 Video interview w.  and  provides intro to the  & other  tech, trends  
 RT  Telemedicine, What Is It All About? | RT: For Decision Makers in Respiratory Care:   
 RT  Top 10 tips for securing medical records  /via    
 Lessons learned from a   UPenn Med  implementation case study     
 RT  Hospital of the future - Today: US hospital introduces palm scanners to ID patient   
 Hope it's all going great! RT  UCLA Health Sciences, Denver Health, & More to Discuss BI in Denver Today  
 RT  Beacons will record, share health outcomes in evidence network,     
 A second chance to avoid penalties if not  by 2011       
  health app tapped for serious  treatment    
 Making  systems palatable to      
 Anyone attending the  Summit this wk in Boston?  and I will be there!    
 Data security opens up  possibilities     
 Five reasons why  is essential for     
 RT   RT   mobile medical app guidelines get everybody talking   
 RT  Long time coming: Kaiser Permanente launches first iPhone app    
 A second chance to avoid penalties if not  by 2011       
 Next big thing for hospitals: Cloud-based document mgmt systems (DMS)      
 Congrats and well deserved, Erica! RT  [MG] Another Ad Hoc  Award    
 RT  RT  VA will allow iPhones and iPads to connect to its network this fall...    
 RT  Another item to note for  - Young Patients Want to Connect w. Docs Using Technology  
 RT  Halamka makes 'tough decision' to leave Harvard | Healthcare IT News    
 Prior authorization: Impact on providers due to  transition    
 RT  Mayo Clinic builds next-gen    
 RT  FROM THE BLOG Health Information Technology Tweeps to Watch: The  List   
 RT   Thanks for your time/effort on crowdsourcing the  A great list of innovative, creative, and caring hea ...
 RT  AAFP provides portal 2 members 4 patient satisfaction data capture+reporting I  I  
 RT  Latest Keynote on   &  ~  |    MU  
 Ditto!    Hey  Tweeps &  crowd, I’m open to linking up via LinkedIn 
 RT  Getting money from the   Incentive Program    
 RT  Congratulations to the 118 'Most Connected Hospitals'      
 The next big thing for hospitals:   document management systems (DMS)    
 RT  RT  RT  Round up Fall HIT Conferences      
 RT  Not sure which  prgm to choose? See "Notable Differences b/t  &  EHR Incent..." 
 Congrats to the  rock stars!        OF THE CENTURY
 RT  Please echo this  as loud as you can!  The  winner is  w. 39 votes!   
 RT   OF THE CENTURY:        
 RT  7 medical phone peripherals you should know    
 RT  New blog from  "Meaningful Use: Clinical Summaries"  via   
 For   users,  and data exchange low priorities?   
   Data security opening up  possibilities     
 RT  Panel advances standards for clinical quality, hospital discharge meds | Government Health IT  
 More           
 Happy HOT  Stay cool everyone        
 What do 'bof fry flew' and the ONC's  education videos have in common?     
 RT  Tips for  orgs as they contract w/a      (Part 2 of 4)
 RT  Recent series on  &  Some risk, but almost endless possibility  (Pt 1 of 4)
 Understanding the human factors in consumer       
 RT  RT   security issues and suggestions:  |  
 The   Data security opening up  possibilities     
 If you want to change the  culture, start with the children -- Great post by   
 RT  John Halamka to pass CIO baton at Harvard Med School:       
 RT   Implementation: How to anticipate what needs to change    
 What do 'bof fry flew' and the ONC's health education videos have in common?     
 For cloud  users,  and data exchange are low priorities    
 States won't be checking all those Medicaid  incentive criteria after all   
 How great to come back from vaca to making the  list -- what an honor! Thank you!    
  My  vote goes to  
 Behavioral health agency sees benefits to online word processing  
 For nurses, the advent of ACOs a viable alternative to primary practices    
 RT  ICD10Watch Friday! "Week in Review: The state of medical coding as we plan for  implementation" 
 RT  Six Missouri Hospitals are recognized for their  and  investments as "Most Wired." 
 Ditto! RT  A BIG  to  for his tireless dedication to  and to the  project! Rock on!!
 TY! RT  Great clarifications. RT   stage 2 delay would only affect certain providers 
  stage 2 delay would only affect certain providers      
 RT  iPad EMR Apps: A Guide to Electronic Medical Records    
 RT  Congrats   inclusion well deserved :-)  is working overtime on getting the info out!
 RT   looking to have a role in facilitating communication w/  Community via  - excellent!  
 RT   expand to 255 to meet health system changes  from  and    
  sensing technology helping to track seniors' health     
  stage 2 delay would only affect certain providers     
 What's driving  adoption? Macs,   apps, and device-independent EHRs    
 RT  Mayo Clinc researchers close to securely mining info from all EMRs - FierceEMR:  
 How  technology &  impact the clinical coding workflow  
 RT  ICD-10-AM: 7 things we can learn from Australia's ICD-10 implementation    
 RT  Survey Finds Hospitals Making Progress on  Adoption -  
 Macs,   apps, and device-independent EHRs driving  adoption    
 RT  New eHI blog post from member Laura McCrary who is contributing an ongoing series about building an HIE in Kansas: http:/ ...
  for peace of mind RT  Great use of tech. CA hospital lets parents see preemies from home  
 RT  Great summary of  progress RT  Happy 1st Birthday,    
 RT  Happy First Birthday,       
 Congrats! RT  At  conference, Mostashari called our RI  model this morning "brilliant and creative!"
 RT  Greg Freiherr discusses using mobile devices to bridge the gap between  & patients  
 RT  Re-engineering the  Workflow       
 Vein-scanning: Coming to an ER near you! RT  NYU Medical Ctrs Implement Biometric Patient IDs   
 Improve workflow and  usability via single sign-on technology    
 TY, Nate! RT   IT Notes:  Implementation Tutorial  Looks like a helpful  tool! 
 RT  Implementing  in the  - U of Chicago medicine program gives blueprint |   
 RT  RT  Learn how ONC's RECs help providers transition to  in new video   
 RT  Platform Wars! PowerPoint from the Healthcare Unbound conference.       
 RT  SHARP project developing suite of computing tools to identify and sort digital health info from any  
 Four more on the 4th: AZ, CT, RI and WV begin  incentive program     
 RT  RT  Bold statements from Chris Belmont, System VP/CIO, Ochsner Health System   ...
 RT  "Impact of delaying work on ICD-10: Latest recommendations on Operating Rules”   
 Niiiice! RT  Here comes Schoolhouse Rock for  -  will create animated videos to explain  
  testing new reimbursement models for  and  dual eligibles  
 RT  50% of U.S. Physician Groups Plan to Invest in Ambulatory  Solutions -- $3B Market Opportunity  
 RT   States' health insurance exchanges flexibility creates complexity for payers.   
 Four on the 4th: States begin  incentive programs     
 RT  RT  178 days until the   compliance deadline! Start testing ASAP!  
 TY! RT  RT  Closing the digital divide: Promoting  adopt in minority serving communities 
 TY! RT  RT  How  technology &  impact the clinical coding workflow   
 Promoting  adoption in communities serving minorities to close the "digital divide"    
 RT  New KLAS Report: Total  Live  Exchanging Data More Than Doubles in Past Year   
 Building on SANs: Getting the most from virtualized storage    
 Using single sign-on (SSO) technology to improve  usability, workflow    
 RT  Live Webinar: iPhone vs. Andoroid for the Health Care Professional   
 RT  Tale of Two Exchanges Shifting Gears in CA  "If they build it, we will take it" - D. Maxwell-Jolly   ...
 RT  Re-engineering the Coding Workflow using  CAC and    
 RT  New Blog Post:  Creating a Self-Sustaining Business Model for    
 RT  1 yr after father’s death from  daughter discusses how  helped 3-month prognosis turn into almost 4+ yrs: ...
 Kudos to all recognized! RT  HHN has named its list of 'Most Wired' hospitals:    
 Scaling up South Africa’s  system via    
  testing new reimbursement models for dual eligibles   
 Closing the digital divide: Promoting  adoption in minority serving communities in TX   
 RT  After Much Scrutiny,  Releases  Exchange Rules     
 HL7, IHTSDO continue health care interoperability efforts     
 RT    Expand Collaborative Efforts   
 RT  CMS will host a teleconference to walk through the basics of the   program:  
 RT  How hospitals address patient experience via mobile apps    via  
 RT  HHS must address confusion over   group says   
 RT    adoption and  : How they impact coding workflow   
 EHR vendors: Watch first, code later     
 RT   health system settles privacy breaches case |  Finance News  
 RT  Desire For Integrated  Driving Purchases | healthsystemcio.com    
  I'm jealous! I am a big Porter fan
 RT   Michael Porter (cont'd) ... 6. Create an enabling  platform.   
 RT  What a treat to watch Michael Porter teach a case to  participants!  
 Thank you!!! RT  Congrats on being mentioned in this article  
 How  technology and  impact the clinical coding workflow    
 EHR vendors: Watch first, code later     
 Google Health, code blue -- now what? What’s next in the  space      
 RT  How Hospitals Address Patient Experience via      
 The Federation of American Hospitals on bringing   & data analytics together - via    
 RT  Dr. Mostashari/  We Agree to  Stage 2  Delay. Allows  to prepare for "robust" set of Stage 2 criteria
 Social media serves as a powerful tool for patient disclosures & community support   
 RT  News 7/7/11: Natl. Coordinator Farzad Mostashari MD concurs with the  Policy Committee’s...  
 RT  Opportunities for  and Older Adults.     
 RT  My latest now posted on Hospital Impact: Getting to know  standards    
 EHRs,  & data analytics: How the FAH is bringing “IT” all together - via     
 RT  RT  News Alert:   Centers Seek To Participate in  Incentive Program via   http ...
 RT  How  helps  disclose & discuss  raises privacy concerns  
 RT  Video: Mobile medical devices &  bring healthcare to remote patients:   
 RT  ICD-10 Training: The good news is that mappings can help    
 RT   study reveals  costs will be more predicted by   |  
 RT  RT  Report on roles new players are adopting in  market   
 RT  More docs are using  tablets to access medical data:     
 RT  Social media serves as a powerful tool for patients disclosing illnesses   
 You're right,  Preliminary nominee list by  is what  was referring to   
 Google Health, code blue -- now what? What’s next in the  space      
 RT  RT  The value of intelligent  to the patient-centered medical home  
 RT  Taking over where  Health left off, Cerner jumps into the  game  
 For state  patient opt-out a thorny tech issue     
 RT  Army CIO outlines AKO phase out   
 Top 10 must have  technologies for surgeons     
  Kinect's official push for     
 RT  AMA to draft model legislation on information exchanges ::    
 Consider it done! RT  I invite volunteers to publish the  list in their blogs once the abstraction is completed.  
 RT  The Future of Hospital Apps:  <-Simplicity & streamline GUI are mandatory for the future  
 RT   tweetchat on Thursday at 12:30 ET will focus on   |   
 RT   Speech Recognition as the Accelerator of Electronic Health Info  Important in  &  -- 
 RT  popHealth:  relieves EP  vendors biggest headache: Quality Measures:     
 RT  Have a moment? Take our survey and tell us how you are using  in   
 RT  Why state  leaders face an uphill journey to     
 RT  Some  champions are ....:         ...
 RT  cont.      ...... much more to come!  
 With private  architecture, slow and steady wins     
 Highmark / West Penn Allegheny deal sends  message to industry, delivery models    
 RT  Avoiding Inaccurate Patient Identification for  Services    
 RT   dies but  and  market still growing   
 Highmark / West Penn Allegheny deal sends  message to industry, care delivery models   
 RT  Tracking the giants: The top 10  companies of 2010 | EHRoutlook |      
 RT  RT  Utah Telehealth Network, University of Utah launch  pilot:  
 RT  Payers getting ready for switch to    
  My advice -- Befriend the hotel CRM and get the code :)
 RT  RT  Final "Red Tape" rule from HHS expected to save billions -    
 RT  RT  ACO Summit Day 2 transcript here:      
 RT  RT  Miss ACO Summit Day 1? Transcript here:      
 RT  RT   Regulatory Coalition Releases Software Proposal for FDA Regulation   
 Highmark acquires West Penn Allegheny Health -- A “quality" partnership?    
 RT  How  is poised to improve  for older Americans    
 And a few more  -- thanks for the RTs and have a great wkend!     
 More   -ers! :         
 Happy 4th weekend          
   implementation tutorial: From vendor selection through maintenance     
 RT  RT  Docs embrace  in Ohio hospital system     
 RT  RECs progressing, crafting long-term sustainability plans     
 Infrastructure,  and networking considerations for  &  devices     
 RT  VA hospitals poised to go mobile     
 RT  Streamlined Processes in MA  - SAFEHealth focuses on automating key process into  & workflow 
 RT  Online physician access key to future patient communications    
 How mobile health technologies can benefit older adults     
 RT  Thx Jon, that's high praise RT    for adding his voice to many convos &  for his ...
 How dentists are using  w/help from  to address     
 RT  Toolkits: eHI Releases Updated Health Information Exchange Toolkit     
 RT  HFMA: Kaiser Details $4B Investment in Health Management Tools: The population health mgmt tool...  
 RT  More  Cloud Challenges: Outsourced Storage and Content Management Technology  
 RT    healthcare apps prepare for next wave of features      
 RT  RT  25% of docs now have both tablet + smartphone     
 RT  Most common cause of health data breaches is theft of computing gear    
 Dentists and  IT coming together to treat chronically ill patients    
 Network and infrastructure considerations for  and  devices     
 Right physician leaders execs, & tech infrast: RT   Physician leadership is key to integration 
 Our  implementation tutorial: From vendor selection through maintenance     
 Linking consumer health info to  and      
 RT  Remote monitoring potential of ultrawideband for hospitals too large to ignore   
 RT  New blog post: Payment reform with ICD-10    
 RT  RT   tweeps plz join us   Tuesh RSVP     ...
 RT  T3: Google Health evaporating has little, if any,impact on EHR.  success big impact on PHR eventual success. 
  Ha, my apologies for the broken record!
 Agreed. RT  For  s to become successful, physicians must recognize the value & encourage their use.  
  I think that shows the impact of when providers educate and help engage patients  
 That's the bus I'm on! :) RT   When there is an elephant in the room, it is best to identify it early... :-) 
 Same here. RT    I was about to say same! No one in my circle of friends has heard of this. 
 Haha, guilty -- I couldn't resist! :) RT  Didnt take long for Google Health to come up in relation to  ;-) 
  I think an interesting  engagement consideration is parents and managing their child's health
 Related, do you think the demise of Google Health was more in relation to the product/business model, or consumer engagement issues? 
 Hi everyone! Jenny Laurello, Community Manager of SearchHeallthIT's Health IT Exchange signing in :) 
 RT  Exchange of Clinical Information: Redux -        
 RT   will begin in 3 minutes! Are you ready to chat  & tech? Jump in the convo… 
 Ten reasons why  based  are a must in       
  speaks about  at the Mobile Health Expo 2011    
  Breach Notification: What's the trigger?    
 RT  Webinar June 30! "How Advocate accelerated  adoption using speech recognition: case study" Register: 
 RT  ONC Collaborates With   Group on  Initiative. Will help patients connect 2 docs. -  ...
 RT  Study:  Systems Can Boost Coordination in Medical Homes:    
 RT  Patient “Leakage”: Rethinking Two Field of Dreams Assumptions About  s   
 RT   member Ferdinand Velasco tells  how Texas Health Resources earned $19M for  Stage 1http://tiny.cc/xo790
 Google Health shutting down in 2012 -- business model to blame?      
 Top 10 reasons why  based  devices are a must in health care      
 Google puts the breaks on   and what it means for MS     
 See how  funds scientists’ quest for smartphone app to help    via   
 What are APCDs and what types of reporting and data sharing efforts do they enable?     
 RT  IT needed to support medical home functions  Healthy reminder! Need more collaboration in 
 RT  Download the Military Health IT Strategic Plan and follow our progress!    
 RT  Microsoft sees a role for Kinect in healthcare  (via    
 RT   Gone Wild: HHS HITECH Act Proposed Rule Calling for On...: health care providers who conduct... 
 RT  CIOCHIME: Bill Spooner comments on alignment in today's   CIO SmartBrief   
 An honor- TY!!!          
 More thanks and           
 Thanks for the RTs this wk!        
 RT  RT   funded  Teaching Materials Now Available to the Public   
 RT   opens  direct portal - can safely share patient info w/ colleagues ( )  
  IT considerations for payers : Claims processing and      
 Linking consumer health information to EHRs and PHRs      
 RT  Very !  RT  How integral is  in supporting   
 RT  iHealthBeat: Health IT To Play Role in HHS' National Prevention Strategy    
 RT  eHealth Initiative issues report on  and care coordination   
 Calif. providers question value of  in  systems    
 Our Joplin report, from a health IT/disaster planning "lessons learned" perspective     
 Gaps in how current IT assets can be used to meet  reform mandates     
 RT    sustainability sell to various stakeholders who might contribute $$$: Give them the WIFY (whats ...
 RT  Electronic Health Records Prove to be Invaluable After Crisis     
 RT  RT  Blog: "What’s driving your  adoption?" |  IT News   
 RT   and the Generation Gap  Lots of good tips here for  adoption! Implementers, take note! 
 What an honor! That's truly some great company to be in. Right back at you!    
 EHR adoption and engagement: Part science, part art      
 Interested in the "Importance of Data and Hardware Encryption"? Join the Virtual Seminar -- session starts  1:35 ET 
 RT  This is the most complete Directory of HL7 Tools & Resources:     
 Report reveals IT gaps between here and health reform       
 RT  New research shows RFID key to leaner hospital supply chain  via  
 Claims processing and ICD-10: Focus areas for payer organizations     
 Physician adoption and engagement of EHRs: Part science, part art     
 Providers question value of tracking info changes within  systems    
 RT  Care coordination enabled by EHR resulted in improvements for type 2 diabates and heart disease patients...Check it out!  ...
 RT  Medicare is deploying screening technology similar to what is widely used by credit card companies to head off fraud ht ...
 RT  FROM THE BLOG Tweetup at the AHLA Annual Mtg in BOS 6/28 530pm  Join Us, all   
 RT  Calif. providers question value of  in  systems    
 RT   AHA, HIMSS & others propose 5 recommendations for greater success in meeting Stage 1   
 RT   Yes! State CIO types talking how they need to share information, winning grant strategies, etc in re ...
 RT    State, federal speakers here all claim health reform has been the biggest boon to  ever.  ...
 Creating a health care cloud infrastructure without borders    
 RT   discusses how many  are unsure about  due to risk & liability    
 RT  10 things payers and payees need to consider for  implementation   
 CMS announces $42M in grants to support FQHCs as medical homes        
 RT  ...and finally, Mostashari thinks companies that assist  orgs in fulfilling quality goals will be common as laser ...
 RT   ONC's Farzad Mostashari just compared  to Groupon: "$50K of tech support for $5K!" That's the sell.
 It's an  software bull market --  Growing to $6B by 2015    
 My         -- top influencers in  
 Success of  model hinges on clinical data analytics     
 I vote Morgan Freeman! RT   I would like my health data presented to me in narrative form by Jeff Bridges 
 RT  Richard Gilfillan, MD at Healthcare Innovation Summit |    
 Miss our live chat w.  &  leaders? Transcript here! ->      
 RT  HITECHWatch: "HIT as a practical solution "     
 CMS announces new grants to support FQHC as       
 EHR software market to exceed $6 billion by 2015     
 RT  Its contagious! Best Buy investing in mobile health  via    
 Five tips for making the  transition more than a mandate      
 RT  RT  ONC's popHealth automates  reporting for docs |   
 RT  The latest from CDT President  "Don't Tread on My Cloud"    
 Physician practices still not in 5010 ballpark as deadline looms    
 If All Payer Claims Databases (APCDs) were a fashion trend, they'd be “all the rage”    
 RT   Q&A: "Mostashari on the innovations electronic data will spark"   
 Lessons from abroad: U.K. health org's data breach affecting 8M shows PHI encryption is key    
 ACO adoption will require some heavy  lifting -- success hinges on clinical data analytics   
 Transcript from 6/15  Exchange live chat w.  &  leaders found here:     
 What an honor :) RT  Congrats to these  rockstars! 2011 Mid-Year Report     
 Worth a read: Connecting  recent tornadoes tragedies & an HBO documt.  by   
 Transcript from yesterday's  Exchange chat w.  &  leaders found here:    
 If All Payer Claims Databases (APCDs) were a fashion trend, they'd be “all the rage”    
 RT   reports: " Providers still waiting on vendors for  5010 updates"  
 Five tips for making the ICD-10 transition more than a mandate       
 RT  Infrastructure, security key to private health care      
 LIVE CHAT now going on! Leaders from S. FL  PA  & Dir. HIE, RIQI -- Ask your Qs before it ends!   
   Agree completely -- real, effective  can't happen if not! (And thanks for the RTs!)
 Get your Qs ready! LIVE CHAT  ET w.  and  leaders on the  Exchange     
 Patients as the foundation of health information exchange     
 Join us today at 11am ET! LIVE CHAT w.  &  leaders on the  Exchange     
 All the cool kids are doing it:  Exchange LIVE CHAT w.  &  leaders - tom., 6/15, 11 ET   
 What are you doing  11ET tomorrow? LIVE CHAT w.  &  leaders - 6/15 on  Exchange    
 RT  Tracking a Single Patient in a Connected Healthcare Environment     
 Still using paper workarounds? You might be helping your       
 RT  RT   provides clarification of  certification misinterpretations  
 For Kaweah Delta, using the  a natural extension of  network    
 Views from the top: On health information exchange and RECs       
 How an  initiative is using prizes, challenges to spur  innovation   
 Mark your calendar! LIVE CHAT w.  &  leaders -- Wed, 6/15 on  Exchange     
 RT  Mayo "is not going to participate in a  accountable care organization under the circumstances proposed." http ...
 Five reasons why  computing is essential for      
 DoD rolls out global  for 9.6M patients    
 RT  Mad knowledge on the latest   contests & cash awards    
 RT  PWC Study: In 2010, health providers spent $88.6 billion on   other  initiatives. 
  program uses prizes and challenges to spur  innovation      
  offers insight into  attestation -- 4 new FAQs added       
 RT   &  are key topics for the future of successful  adoption. Key news and tools in one spot: 
 RT   officially launched   Incentive Program:     
 RT  ONC looks to incentivize IT innovation  now this looks intersting     anyone up  ...
 RT  Sister site  is hosting a live chat on  and  6/15 at 11 AM Eastern  with  ...
 RT    offers intriguing options for  
 Capturing patient information: Options for data capture, management       
 Views from the top: On health information exchange and RECs       
 RT  Great summary of  regs and issues in CA newspaper   
  offers insight into  attestation -- what counts, what doesn't       
 Will my  vendor survive to complete  Stage 3?    
 How does  8 stand to impact       
 Adopting  for chronic care mgmt -- Where can  add the most value?    
 The future of capturing patient information       
 RT  More  Cloud Challenges: Outsourced Storage and Content Management Technology 
 RT   is an enabler of health reform | Health Populi      
 Hospitals eye wireless networks to boost satisfaction, connectivity     
 How Catholic Healthcare West is integrating wireless networks to boost satisfaction, connectivity    
 RT  Webinar: Kansas Health Information Network Discusses Finding Success in a Large and Diverse Multi-State HIE 
 RT  Payers are leading the meaningful exchange of health info says  Read more:   
 What will  8 bring to the  arena?     
 RT  Brief Survey: 10 Key Readiness Indicators for Exchange of Health Information  
 RT  RT  Proposed Rule Would Open Up   for Public Reports -   
 Verizon updates partner, security management programs for health care    
 RT  SIIM: Rads expand utility w. structured reporting, search tools  via   
 How a learning health system could improve population health     
 RT  Learn how the South Carolina REC is fostering  implementation across the state .
 RT  RT  How Maine primary care practice uses  to improve workflow  
 RT   cloud offers some risk, endless possibilities w/  member Bob Buchanan   
 Not new, but still key: How a learning health system could improve population health     
 Physician Assistants want a piece of the  incentives pot     
 Making clinical data publicly available to patients and providers     
 Health care cloud -- Few risks, many rewards   
 RT  "Do laws control the clouds?" Find out what HITECHWatch Editor Jeff Rowe thinks: 
 RT  NaviNet Blog: Look to Payers for Innovation in Health Information by     
 RT  Physician Assistants want a piece of the    incentive pot   
 Next addition, Go-Go Gadget arms? RT  ASUS announces the Padfone: Smartphone plus Tablet combination 
 RT  Usability of health devices leads to acceptance and compliance by    
 EHR adoption: No “good” argument for sticking to paper    
 RT  First the EHR incentives……then the Audits?    
 RT  Today's EHRWatch: "Proposed  Privacy Rule Change Give People Right to  Report"  
 RT  ONC seeks input on EHR certification:  via    
 Telestroke services connect specialists, patients more quickly than ever     
 Are ACOs eating  for lunch? Considerations to chew on re: the recent  regs disdain    
 HIPAA 5010 testing: Benefits of a rules based testing approach    
  Yes -- thankfully!
 RT  HealthVault breaks free from the desktop!  via 
  Well, I guess eventually,  yes, that too! But no, specifically as a practicing physician. (Based in MA, so it's adopt, or get out!)
 After I did, my doc said he's quitting   Who was first to broach topic of  and its benefits? You or your doc?
 What happens if I lose all or part of my network in a disaster?    
 E-prescribing rule update open for comments until 7/25     
 RT  209,000 Doctors At Risk For E-Prescribing Penalties,     via 
 Breakdown of  new accounting of disclosure rules for  Privacy Rule       
 RT  ONC s Fridsma Joins HL7 Board 
  attempts to harmonize  rule for docs in  incentive program     
 MA's Gov. Patrick on personal health information management     
 Q. Application interface strategy: How can you ensure key, critical legacy apps are interfaced back to  /HIS?  
 What's the best solution for securing mobile  devices?     
 Something to chew on RT  Why a  Isn’t Likely  <via  
 RT  "Quality Reporting From  column by  member Ferdinand Velasco, CMIO Texas Health Resources 
 RT  Breaches of patient information creates push to protect medical data     
