 AdFarmer  presenting  on  during  with     What a great event!
 Fantastic California cheese plate at grange in dwtwn  Thanks farmers.   
 Account extraordinaire  and   enjoying an AdFarmer  evening 
 And yes  is here too in  Digital strategist. 
 This is  creative genius for our team enjoying an evening in  
 Thank you  for helping tell how we stay connected to the  Love this blog post:  
 Look what  has to say! "Nothing sexier than a corn field" 
 RT  Winter wheat in central MN looks ready for harvest. Surprised to see after such a long, cold, wet spring.
 Dr. Brad Ruden talking about disease mgmt. We have a different focus: we are now optimizing fungicide use. 
 We work hard to keep the  in agricultural communications. A blog post about that commitment:  
 Ted Jackson takes stage at    
 A busy Info Expo at  in   
  Looking forward to having you join us w/  Exciting work with  and can't wait to talk 
 Watching  give great tips on revving up readership - bullets alone don't make lists scannable
 Lunch and networking - thanks National  Board!    
 Wrapping up a great Welcome Party at   thanks  
 Mardi Gras World!    
 Lowery: agriculture needs to get internationally sophisticated  
 Great presentation from former NFL star and Harvard grad Nick Lowery  
 Great having Brandon as a part of our team. Way to go! RT    career last lesson : love what you do.
 RT    career lesson 6: your first job. You're not that special. You will need to prove yourself, ease into it...
 Local farmers are supplying for school lunch programs. But all farmers are needed to make it work.  
 Today, we learned about Planalytics and their application. Fred will be speaking at their event in Kansas City today. 
 Visit  to learn more about Planalytics and read testimonials. 
 RT  Follow Fred's farming adventures updated by farmer Jane 5x a week here on our blog  
 We are now discussing business weather intelligence and marketing during  - What are Planalytics and how do they influence you?
 Higher growing season moisture can increase the risk of white mold. 
 The  soybeans are raised for seed. These crops are held to a higher standard to produce high-quality plants later.
 Soybeans are incredibly resilient crops -- can recover from up to 30% hail damage. 
 Curious about soybean production? Tune into  and follow along on  to learn live!  
 August in the yield-defining month for soybeans in  This depends on many factors. 
 Livestream update on AdFarm North Dakota Farm soybeans 12pm CST   
  is opening a new  office in central  to serve  &   (client)
 AdFarm intern  talks about the lessons she learned while working with young agriculturalists:  
 Which social networks are wasting your time? Relevant read for your social media strategy.  via 
 Are you connecting with the right people on social media? Why  should be social with their policy makers:  
 Just a little reminder:  will donate $5 for each tweet using  to  1/acct.  (clnt)
 Happy National French Fry Day! We'd like to send a hearty "thank you" to potato growers everywhere.  
 Help our client  raise $  relief. Tweet  & they’ll donate $5 /each new twee… (cont) 
  announces a new  herbicide in testing stages at  It’s called TCM 4-Way.  (client)
 Touring field plots with  and learning about  from   at 
 Digital strategist  guest blogs for  today . Good read on SM success for 
 RT  RT  Farmers of All Ages Embrace Social Media | AGWEB.com:     
 RT  RT  Excellent article on the  "humanely" raised egg debate via    ...
  report  shows  land values not in a bubble. via    (client)
 RT  Farmer Engagement Must Move Beyond Feeding the World  
 We hope everyone had a safe & happy 4th of July! For many, there was no time for a holiday break. Thank you farmers and ranchers! 
 Happy Canada Day to all those celebrating today! We hope you enjoy a safe and happy holiday.
 What can you learn from visiting a   
 This is a fav topic for us! RT  Hey  how's your leadership in connecting, engaging and empowering your community?
 RT  What is it really like on working hog farm?  had the chance to find out:   
 RT  Did someone say bacon? What you can learn from visiting a hog farm   
 What you ever visited a  farm?   
 What can you learn from a hog  Take a look at what  shares in this video:  
 RT   Traveling Times, Spooky roads, bikers, and sharp curves   
 New blog post & video RT   What you can learn from visiting a hog farm 
  Just iMovie on the iPhone was used for the video. Quite easy and a great way to share.  
 We have a new   created & edited this video on his iPhone today about Ohio's hog farms 
 What does  do at dinner when on the road? He makes imovies on his phone. Video blog soon. 
 Talking to a  He didn't grow up on a farm but today farms w/ his father in law. 
  fun to hear the video helped create discussion. Cc  
 True   checkin weather app on  cc      
 Now this is the type of place we like to visit on a   Sabina, Ohio. 
 Exciting Enzyme News coming from  Announcement here: 
 Congrats Zweber family cc  RT  Hannah Marie Zweber born this morning 7lb 10oz and 20" long. 
 Working with Connie today. Her family has been farming in Ohio for 200 years. She's a  
 Thanks for having us! RT  Next to pig barn.  Shooting a video.  
 This is why it's best to start a shoot early. It's worth the 4:30am wake up call today. 
 Our team is on site! RT  Getting ready to shower in to see some mama pigs. cc   
 Be Social. A favorite video w/  &    
  In honor of Bring Your Dog 2 Work day   is going 2 the dogs.Thxs for the chair  
 A working lunch in KC.  
 Listening to  talk  for business. Are you listening on what is being said about your business and industry? -kp
  Awesome that you are using the video! Thank you. Keep us posted on how it goes.
 RT  Getting ready for SM presentation nxt week. Borrowing  video by  &   ...
 Read about how the oldest  in  is incorporating research & innovation on their farm?  
 Learn from  in a new blog post on Tradition & Innovation from     
 RT  Conventional vs    AWESOME post.   
 But if you do a good job with various key words. You can own search.  on 
 "If you are inspired to write something, write it. Don't get so hung up in the key words"  says on 
 AdFarm team of     are doing   training tomorrow in Bakersfield. See you there?
 Thanks for sharing! RT  RT  Five take homes from AdFarm social media strategy session  
 RT    We enjoyed  alot!  Thanks for the 411.  Looking forward to Sept. event.
 RT  It was great meeting everyone that attended the   event this morning.  I had a great time!
 RT  hey,  welcome to  ! So happy to have you on board!
 Thanks  for connecting today. What did you think of  's presentation?
 RT  Learned about augmented reality at the AdFarm  session
 RT  Great  event for  Tx 4 the invite  Have a great afternoon. 
 RT   very good session by  - good case study examples & look at newer things gaining SM ground. Thx  ...
 Talking   RT  RT  Expert panel discussion today at  w/ experts   
 Welcome to  Int'l Floriculture Expo with     
 Awesome! RT  Heading to  in  for some coffee and talk of social media.
 Thx for joining us! RT  Invited 2  in  for a morning of Q & A about 
 RT  On my way to Guelph for a social media session with  and  Nice day for a tour across 
 Go  RT  Developing a sound social media strategy w/  - 10am today at Guelph Place! 
 RT  Congrats! RT  Today's the big day. I officially become an AdFarmer today!  
 We are tracking our newest Sacramento intern as she drives across the country to join us. Safe travels 
 (w/ link!) Sensationalized or science based sustainability? Greenpeace founder weighs in w/    
 Interesting campaign by farmers defending their industry. Well done, or would you treat it differently? 
 Celebrating two great  treats after a busy week!    
 Crazy! Marketing/digital agency that LOVES ag. Revisit AdFarm 2010 farm tour  Stay tuned for 2011 info!
 RT  Great  video link sent by   This video's message is for ANY business out there!   ...
  is story telling on steroids say  Be social. Our new video   
 RT  RT  This applies to  too! RT   why should YOU care?    ...
 RT  My girls watched  soybeans being planted by my brother directly into corn stubble.   ...
 Exciting for AdFarmers. We are growing soybeans & they are finally in     
 RT  RT  social media - why should YOU care??    
 Is  just fad? Why train for it? Listen in to  &  on this new video 
 RT  This time next week, I'll be halfway across the country on my way to California and 
  w/  If US’s gr8 ability meets Ghanas need 4 ag dvelopmnt, that'll b good 4 humanity-& 4 biz too 
 Canadian wheat farmers will FINALLY own the grain they grow. CWB monopoly to end next summer. Big news: 
 Catch this  recap of  today on our blog with the Ustream video   
  next time we'll have to get you to join us for  We know you love your home state! cc 
 RT  “ Sipping coffee, enjoying the  I won & browsing my new book from the seminar with  ...
 What did  learn from  at  Read these great  tips   
 Did you miss  during  Read the blog recap & see the Ustream video. 
  on a panel discussion with    
 RT  Doesn't matter what industry you're in, if you're in social media you're in the storytelling business. 
 Agriculture and the food industry need to move down the humanization highway   is a great example 
  Consistently and fast learn to say "thank you" and "I'm sorry" in  says 
  Thanks for joining us Ria! 
 RT  Make your blog bigger than you. Via  
 RT  RT  "Measure behavior, not aggregation."     
  just throwing an online shout out from  at the  event in Sacramento. Holler back!
  Thanks for joining us 
 Absolutely RT  RT  What do you do with your followers/likes is more important than the number.  
 Gotta give  a shoutout for  MT   just told us  is from south dakota   
 RT  ROI time! You need solid success metrics.  
  Thanks for joining us 
 RT  ADFARM LIVE & JAY BAER NOW RT  live broadcast with      
  with   
 Social media = the canary in the coal mine  
  talks  for 
 t-minus 10 minutes until our live broadcast with Jay Baer.    
 Only about 20 minutes left before we start a live broadcast of Jay Baer. Grab some popcorn & a pen, and get ready!  goo.gl/ZOQAb
 RT  Check out the live Ustream of my  preso today courtesy  4pm PST  
  looking forward to having you at  this afternoon
 Set you reminders > LIVE social media event TODAY // 4pm Pacific time // AdFarm and Jay Bear. Be Social.  
  team is suited up for our  tour - or space walk!    
 Ghana leads western Africa in business opportunities for US agribusinesses; country looks for  
 RT  I want an omelette right now.     
  taking in egg farm tour. Tweeting eggs!   
 LIVE social media event TODAY // 4pm Pacific time // AdFarm and Jay Bear. Be Social.  
   farm tour with  almonds   
 "The best thing about wine grape growing is family and the family's take on the grape." -  
 Check out  wine club. Personalized, quarterly, all new releases, 20% of all wines 
  winery tour learning sustainable wine making  &    
 We're goin' farming  
 Showcasing beautiful  crops in our Sacramento office! 
 Wonder what's all this action about Ghana? Watch the press conference here: 
 “As we move from subsistence ag, we need machinery, tech & know how 2 use them.”Ghana launches  show, Farm Channel 
 Ghana delegates focus on processing...sugar processing! They visited with American Sugar 4 lessons on infrastructure. 
 From Ghana press conference: 1 big takeaway from US trip is to teach our people that farming isn't just a way of life, it can b a business.
 One take away for the Ghanaians is to see  as a business. They want to have a strategy & a plan. 
 "For Ghanaians to look at agriculture as a profession, not just a way of life. What value can we add to the produce we're growing?" 
 What is the take away that the Ghanaians are taking back from  to Ghana?
 RT  Love learning from Ghana Ministry Food & Agriculture & how they aren't trying to reinvent the wheel but learn American ag. ...
 From Ghana press conference: There's no need to re-invent the wheel. The U.S. is the best in ag, and we want to share that expertise.
 From Ghana press conference: Our goal is to move from subsistence ag to commerical ag.
 Ghana ag leaders want to learn how they can modernize farming through  A new  post  
 Ghana  leaders are AdFarm guests this week & met with  Sen Hoeven  
  in STL wait out the tornado warning.  
 Ghana  leaders met Sen Hoeven yesterday, discussed desire 2 modernize farms by connecting w/ US tech & expertise 
 Blogging isn't for everyone.  loves Twitter & Facebook.  
 Ghana delegation of  &  leaders spend Day 1 of U.S. trip in DC., meet with  
 Love hearing  talk building bridges in  and Know A California Farmer 
 Two cases of  just arrived in Sac office for next week! 
 Interested in following 6 farmers from Ghana as they visit us this wk? We'll be keeping you updated with a big week planned. 
 The Ken man cometh. Welcome to AdFarm Ken. Thrilled to have you on the team!   
 RT   I wish you were here already! So much to do for  event!
 RT  Social Media -informal session in Guelph on June 15th , hosted by AdFarm .Who's interested in 90 minutes of insight for busi ...
  Thanks Ken. Look forward to seeing you next week.
  Thanks for the opportunity talk  to wine grape growers.
 RT   I heart 
 Red Trail Vineyard article features AdFarmer Susan Hogen & hubby Rodney  N.Dakota -the NEW wine country?
 So many questions!      
 The  team is having fun at adwars!   
 Farmer Varel Bailey at   : Ag policy is created in the short term. I am forced to assume risk (loans, etc.) based on unknown policy.
 RT  Wintersteen talking about commonsense of Iowa farmers much better than regulatory action from DC. 
 FDA can recall food. The USDA cannot. Tho USDA is responsible for the safety of meat, poultry, eggs, etc. (insert confused look here)
 Farmer Varel Bailey at  : I'm reminded everyday that my farm is not to big  to fail.
 Dr. Wintersteen at  Ag is based in a fragile, biological system. In just a few days, things can go to hell .
  Pres/CEO notes value of employees leading charge to bring sustainable ag ed to urban communities  (client)
 per  90% of farms are owned/operated by individuals, 3% are corporate.
 Sustainability means many things to many people. In Fred Yoder’s case, it means reducing soil loss through no-till practices 
 RT  Catherine Bertini points out that int'l ag development programs like Feed the Future will help build markets for US prod ...
 if retailers and food processors don't know where their food is coming from, the brand is at risk: Kai Robertson 
 Interesting debate with Robert Kenner from  experts 
 More than half of attendees at  work in Ag
 Robert Kenner thanking  for having him here for dialogue 
 tweet questions for Robert Kenner to  or to 
 Robert Kenner: Dozens and dozens (close to 100) wouldn't speak to us during the making of "Food Inc." Hard to create balanced docu 
  probably got stuck in your junk mail. We'll be re-reaching out ! :)
 RT   Plus,she said it's a food security, nutrition & economic bill. It's time 2 broaden the conversation on  ...
 Senator Stabenow at  : 16 million   jobs in the US. The farm bill is a jobs bill. We should be talking about it as a jobs bill.
 2011 N.D. Farm Plan Announced!  
 AdFarm's Kim McConnell leads insightful discussion with Cargill Chairman and CEO 
 RT   AdFarm’s Kim McConnell leads insightful discussion with Cargill Chairman and CEO  /via  ...
 A beautiful day in KC.  
 Join us June 1 in Sac for genuine fun w/  RT   I am super jealous about your nacho bar.
 Just posted quote Jim Sumner at  said of Dr. Nina Fedoroff on our  page: 
 I believe we have to be civil to each other. Crack a joke. Don't be mean. -Frank Luntz  
 Show the generations of family farmers. 1 picture counters hundreds of activists. -Luntz (sounds like Know A California Farmer)  
 Tell the stories of American family farmers. Your answer to counter anti-ag activists is to tell the stories of farmers. -Luntz 
 Are your visuals as powerful as the message you have? -Frank Luntz, political consultant and author 
 21 words for the 21st century include Imagine, Value, Peace of Mind, Respect, Cleaner, Safer, Healthier  -Luntz What do you think?
  Fire away. Yes share with  what you think is the greatest challenge of agriculture.
 Just asked by Frank Luntz at  "What is the greatest challenge of agriculture?"
 RT  24 of us are solving the world's problems. It rocks. RT  Enjoying  dinner with  and lots of ...
 You know its a good  when time stops (RIP Sacramento) :)
 Celebrating  in the St. Louis office with a homemade nacho bar! 
 RT  You can't change everyone's mind but you still have to participate in the conversation. 
 You think women aren't   is the rancher and her husband works off the farm. Oh she has 5 kids too. 
 On animal rights movement "This is a hate movement. I've gotten passionate since 1989." -dog breeder Patti Strand 
 I love a skeptic. I absolutely love, love, love a skeptic. - Teresa Platt, Fur Commission 
 With limited resources, how can we grow more food to feed a growing population?   
 After hearing Dr. Frank Mitloehner speak at  we are empowered to help change the convo on greenhouse gas emissions. 
 We are doing an awful job at educating the public, all of us.   Dr. Frank Mitloehner
 5 Mexican cows to produce the same amount of milk than 1 California dairy cow. General public doesn't know this.   Mitloehner
 Best speaker to hear on agriculture emissions, air quality, carbon foot print? Dr. Frank Mitloehner  
 Is there any more important mission other than the church's than feeding the world?  -kp
 Senator Pat Roberts talking about 08 farm bill. Instead of 10-12 Congress members a part of the process there were 61.  -kp
 RT  "When I look at farmers across the country, I see the passion they have for what they do. That passion is what we need." - ...
 Checking in at United We Eat at the Animal Ag Alliance Stakeholder's Summit 
  Can't wait to hear more about what is being shared about  at  
  Thanks for the RT, Hilary!
  Thanks for the RT! Enjoy your day.
 What is the impact of  in  A new  post from our media director featuring  
 Is Content Curation the New Community Builder?  via  /via 
 RT  About 99% of today's agricultural production depends on only 24 different domesticated plant species.  via  ...
 Does Canada have a  strategy? What will happen post elections? A good read for all  &  
  Thank you for your tweet. We are sorry for any problems there are. Please DM your contact information.
 RT  I am so honored by all the congrats! It has been a humbling few weeks 
 RT   got a copy of  from  and  2day. Fun with your co-author in  ND.
 RT  This is how all agencies should treat trophy hunting...The awards "trough" at  in Fargo.  
 RT  The internet was down this morning at WDAZ.  It was awful.  Everyone had to think.
 RT  RT  It's KNOW social media panel time!  
 It's about culture.  doesn't work well at a bayonet point.    
 Break  down into components. 1 person shouldn't do it all for a company. Make it a granular approach.  
 It doesn't matter how many fans on  or followers you have. It matters if your fans and followers are engaged. 
  Missing you in  to be a  groupie this morning.
 Love it! RT  What if we hired educators that way? RT  Hire for passion, train for skills.   
 RT  Need to start focusing on how to BE social not just Do social. 
 RT  Companies need to be faster, smarter and more  says  
 The  oven is way too hot to not have structure in your  strategy. 
 Hire for passion. Train for skills.   in   talking 
 Thanks for your kind words! RT     Congrats to  from his friends 
  you're booked in Sac with farm tours! :)
 RT  Well deserved props to  leader and friend Roger by   Fun to watch. 
 A celebration to honor  just featured  speaking on just how unique Roger is.
 What does delivering  almonds have to do with building community in  Learn in a new blog post 
 RT   Convince and Convert...Greatest business card ever. Nice to meet you at  event last night.
 A fabulous  event in  honoring  tonight. So proud to be a part of the ag   
  How far north? Today we talked 79 day corn for the  AdFarm farm.
  We'll ask  and let you know when corn needs to be in the ground!
 How are you helping build community in   shares in a new blog post   
  opens new  financial office in Thomasville to serve Southeastern      (client)
 When is the drop dead date that our soybeans have to be in the ground?  is looming. Absolutely by May 28 says Fred Lukens.
 In  Mother Nature rules. Rain, frost, hail. Timing is everything. -Fred of  
 Soybeans are our crop we raising this year. It costs us less than corn or wheat. Break even point is less this year for us.
 Farming helps us truly understand about the decision making involved in farming from financial challenges to seed selection. 
 "Farming is a marathon, not a sprint." -Fred Lukens,   sharing with AdFarmers over lunch today. 
 Any guesses on what our non-irrigated corn bushel avg per acre were in our NorthDakota AdFarm farm last year? 
 Today all AdFarm offices are engaging in farming with Farmer Fred of  What are we growing this year?
  The one swoop at all of agriculture is what is most disappointing from  More positive stories to tell of 
 Sad to see  article take a swipe at innovation in agriculture  They could've been objective.
 Common ag practices framed as moral issues to elicit consumer reaction?  takes a closer look  
 How are you building community in  Connect with us on Facebook and let us know.  
 RT  Photo of  with  during  St. Louis Social: . Sorry I missed it.
 Thanks  for this blog post featuring our  event w/   
  Thanks for posting! Can you join us June 1 in Sac?
 Common ag practices framed as moral issues to elicit consumer reaction?  takes a closer look 
  will join us in Sac in June! RT  Thinking thoughts of St. Louis and Sacramento today. Not long, 
  Absolutely listening in social media with a thick skin is required!
  Thanks for joining us for the  event.
 Thanks Jay! RT  Thanks so much to  for the outstanding event. Great to see the Ag peeps at  tour!
  invite went by email to you. We'll send another invite this afternoon. Hope to see you next Thursday in Fargo!
  enjoyed the time with you in St. Louis. Thanks for joining us and presenting at AdFarm today!
 This group of gals    just said they miss  not being here. 
 RT  "if you don't love  you suck at  OH   
 Katie Pinke  talks social media in ag on a panel discussion with  
 Remember when typing used to be a job? How about running the copy machine? 
 Today  is a job. In the future, it will be a skill. 
 You gotta have your antenna up in 
 RT  "if you don't love  you suck at  OH   
 RT  In  you earn the right to promote by being helpful first. 
 4 magic words in social media: thank you, I'm sorry 
 Social Media is infinitely trackable. Success metrics are based on your company's objectives. 
 Social impacts all aspects of your organization. 
 All information in social media is good info says  
  has the crowd listening and laughing at our St. Louis Grand Opening!
  Businesses need talent they can trust to respond to social media customer commentary.  
 Even the food and drinks can't distract AdFarm visitors from the  presentation.  
 RT  via  "Every customer is now a reporter!"  
  nxt wk! RT  Hearing folks at  intro  Been cautioned on spoiler alerts for the CA crowd! 
 AdFarmers  and  are listening in on  strategy for businesses in our  office 
 RT  How people deal with customer service has changed dramatically in past 3 years. Reviews on the go
 The crowd is engaged!  presents at AdFarm STL.  
 Author of the number 3  blog in the world  is talking now on  in  
  is presenting at the AdFarm St Louis office grand opening.  
 We have a guest in the house and his name tag rocks!   
 Great crowd to hear    book tour speak at AdFarm STL 
 Welcome  and  to  in   is up now! 
  knows how to throw a party.   
  wish you were here!  
 Grabbing some food before the Jay Baer event.    
  We ready to kick off  in  See you this afternoon.
 RT  In  seeing  colleagues & tomorrow hosting  for  Can't wait to see tweeps!
 RT  Says  "Now, social media is a job.  Soon, social media will be a skill." Need to read  !
 Kicking off an exciting day with many joining us in our new St. Louis office today at 3pm for  and 
  You are missing a fantastic evening of hail, beer, rain, wind, beer, peanuts, tornadoes and beer.
 Waiting through hail and wind for baseball  &  
  you are missing a fantastic storm at the game!
  we sure could use some rides home around here!
 Long night in St. Louis at Cardinals game. Hail, wind, rain, temp dropped 30 degs.   
 RT  Looking forward to seeing all the  folks in STL this week, and excited to have  stopping by as well.
 RT  St. Louis, here we come.  
  Thanks for the mention and for reading our blog!
 Have you read   is coming to  to speak at our office about the book.  
  Are you coming to STL tonight? We'll take you to the Cards game.
  Greet the genius Art Froehlich from all of his AdFarm US colleagues in St. Louis where we are gathered for internal meetings.
 Lots of activity in our St. Louis office today as we prepare to host  on Wed. as part of his  book tour!
 We need to look past the farm gate into other aspects of the food system  Step out of the comfort zone.
 It's time for agri-food to step out of the comfort zone  new post from the OnTraceability 2011 conference
 Great night out with AdFarmers and clients at   
 Sustainability is like a trip 2 the dog park. U end up talking 2 people u would never expect 
 Enjoying listening 2 AdFarm client Tracy Barfield as part of ag sustainability panel 
 RT  The  stream fairly quiet this year. Thank you to  & others who are sharing. Ur our ears out there!
 Jason Dorsey RT   who is talking about Gen Y? Similar convo earlier this week. Working on a project ... 
 Most important day 2 market 2 Gen Y: their birthday! 
 RT  I'm reading  tweets about generation Y and as a gen y member I agree with every one of them!
 Tagline 4 Gen Y: as unique as you are 
 Frequency loses 2 content in Social Media with Gen Y 
 Gen Y is completely outcome driven 
 Gen Y believes they become adults at age 30 
 Gen Y feels entitled b/c they've been saved by their parents 
 Technology is only new if u can remember a time b4 it existed 
 Most important generational trend is: parenting style 
 Generations r powerful clues on how 2 influence people 
 A generation is simply a group of people born about the same time and raised in about the same place 
 Adfarm's Roger Reierson graciously accepts AgriMarketer of the year award. Congratulations Roger! 
 Congratulations to Roger Reierson - NAMA Marketer of the Year! 
 GREAT presentation from Sally Hogshead at 
 Use your natural fascination 2 your advantage to persuade actions 
 Harness the first 9 seconds - put your best out there first 
 7 factors that trigger fascination: power, passion, mystique, prestige, alarm, rebellion, trust 
  Sally Hogshead; she's definitely keeping the crowd awake this morning!
 4 categories of Social Media: products, proof of value, behind the scenes, beliefs 
 The trick of Social Media is 2 reach your network's network 
 Great brands make us fall in love and fascinate us 
 Marketers bring meaning to meaningless objects 
 In a competitive environment, the most fascinating option wins. 
 Attention spans used 2 be 20 min. long. New technology has reduced it to 9 seconds! 
 Technology and choice are the two most important ingredients for growing more abundant and sustainable food 
 Ag as an industry needs to speak out in a more personal way to show its passion 
 Ready for the opening session of  Lots of good info will be heard over the next 2 days. Over 1200 attendees this year!
  Let us know your thoughts & insight after reading 
 RT  You can learn something from everyone you follow on Twitter although it's more fun to follow those who make you think ...
 RT   Keep the  updates coming! SO sad I'm not there. Have a drink(s) for me, and say HI to the rest of the  ...
 Proud of the hard work done by  and team on the AdFarm corp ID as it received first place at  awards.
 Fun night with AdFarmers and clients at the  awards in beautiful KC.
 RT   hmmm, maybe they need 
  is in full swing! Lots of catching up with "old" friends and meeting new ones!
 Be Human. Listen & Respond. Know Your Audience. 9   Lessons from   -->We agree! -kp
 RT  Will the farm boom last? 
 From field to fork- organic foods from a former inspectors point of view. You getting what you pay for? 
 RT   Is it about the social or about the media? Here are 5 Dangerous Realities of Social Media for Business.
 When marketing to millennials, what role does digital play?  via 
 RT  RT  Ever wonder how a $100mil football player can miss a perfectly thrown ball? Simple: Lack of focus.  ...
 How are you telling your story? Do you speak out in your community? Share in social media outlets? Talk to your legislators?  
  Thanks Jordan. We look forward to staying connected.
 Are sunflower seeds a fav snack?  discusses health benefits of them & we love the farmers that raise them. 
  releases report on US ag implications  of Japanese disasters. Via  
 Rust Never Sleeps 
 new  report: U.S.  need 2 plant a record 237 mil acres of 4 major crops this yr. Deets via  
  Thanks for the RT! We love wheat  
  Thanks for the RT and helping empower farmers and ranchers to tell their stories! 
 RT  RT   it's  bday today. You'll meet a few  folks at   eve ...
 RT   Sounds exciting - Congrats! We follow  - will be awaiting great things from you there
 Tell your story. Don't wait for someone else to tell it for you. Engage. Thanks   for helping empower farmers!
 RT     Nice! See you soon!
 Congrats to  on your bday! Both  &  have presented this year to farmers active in  
 RT   gives check to Great Plains Food Ban, for $2560 = 2800 meals. 1 in 11 individual ht… (cont) 
 Corp clients & industry friends, good advice from  3-types of self destructive corporate tweets 
 RT   GMO wheat still years away from farmers’ fields  /via 
 67% of agrimarketers are using or plan to use social media in marketing to ag producers   via 
 Waiting for optimum weather to seed? Don't hold your breath  
 Woo hoo!  joins the AdFarm Sacramento office. Lucky us! 
 RT  Had a great time presenting  strategy to lots of the Guelph  folks and their great clients.
 Robert Kenner of Food Inc. spoke at the Ag Issues 2011. Read this op-ed & engage to share your story   
  Thanks Kelly! Excited to hear you enjoyed  share  strategy today in Guelph.
 Lee Rivenbark, Bayer CropScience speaking about reputation and great experience of Hornbeck Seed Co.     
 Preparing for chat with  media re:  acquiring Hornbeck Seed Co.  
  Thanks for engaging!
 RT  Just learned about Augmented Reality at a great social media session - thanks 
  Thanks for the RT! Enjoy your day.
  Travel safe & thank you for your years of energy & commitment to AdFarm. Excited to have you w/ 
 CAMA talks about inbound marketing  
 RT   likewise!   thanks for the intro!   Sacramento is growing
  Thrilled to be partnering with you, telling your family farming story on sustainability & potato production across the USA!
