 Using  for my wedding tux rental. So far, 1 jacket wrong size, 1 pants wrong size, 1 late, 1 delivered to wrong state.
 RT  The First Zombie-Proof House... 
 RT  Tax the Super Rich now or face a revolution - MarketWatch:  via 
  Thanks for the rate hike. Seriously how does this new plan make sense?
 RT  Why is the Tea Party suddenly obsessed with light bulbs?   
 Sigh. RT  House approves $649 billion defense bill 
 RT  Google Earth captures airplane mid-takeoff 
  I do what I can. Happy Tuesday!
  I think you'll enjoy this, a brief history of AMW, from your friends at The Onion. 
 RT  Facebook Sees Big Traffic Drops in US and Canada as It Nears 700 Million Users  via 
 World's Toughest Blender Vs. World's Toughest Phone 
 Heading downtown soon to run in the JP Morgan Chase Corporate Challenge. Somehow I got tricked into this...again.
 Put on a Jerry Lee Lewis  station. How is it possible I know all these songs from the 1950's?
  why no  iPad app??
  Super late reply, but yes. How could they do this?! Who will get the slimebags?
 My current  station should be called Rock Band. I think every song in the last 20 minutes has been from the video game.
 I'm at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport (PHX) (3400 E Sky Harbor Blvd, btwn S 24th & S 44th, Phoenix) 
 Wow. 6 hour flight to Phoenix, no entertainment or wifi on US Airways. However, our 1 hour flight from Phoenix to Vegas has wifi. Go figure.
 RT  Social Design Strategy from  
  just recommend the House theme. No idea it was a real song with lyrics. Pretty solid.
 Love rewards statements from companies that get sent out monthly to let me know I have zero rewards.
  Never thought I'd learn Osama was killed from you. But thanks for the good news.
 RT  RT  It has to be Brady, they've been building up this ladylike persona while he's had advanced milit ...
 RT “ Look at Obama's face when Seth Meyers made the joke about Bin Laden last night. ”
 RT  CONFIRMED: White House secured Osama Bin Laden death with a 2 terrorists for 1 Groupon deal.
 Do you think they held this news to now just so they could interrupt The Apprentice?
  how long before we get an official response on Ed malloy's call in the celtics game? Bet you only use twitter for PR, so wouldn't dare.
 RT  Don't miss Will Durst's latest column: Birther Bozos Need a New Nose   
  haha. Delayed response, but glad that made me follow worthy.
 Can every member of Congress please fax me their birth certificates? I mean, do you have something to hide? Then get on it.
  That is where it is made, direct shipping from the factory.
 My iPad 2 finally cleared customs in China! Woo hoo. That was just mean of them.
 Yum. ( Cognac Bistro) 
 Ad just served to me on  "NOW THAT'S NEW JERSEY: Vacations that blow you away." Are they referring to blow outs?
  Now following so you can send me a DM.
  Sure. I have many times. But the ad isn't going to change behavior. Flight prices will.
 My new iPad is being delayed by customs in China. 
  just launched campaign for love button on FB. Only users who have used it so far have work, testing, or sapient in their names.
  2nd week in a row with no Sunday Globe. 4 in the last 9 weeks missed. Phone rep last week promised it wouldn't happen again.
 Why does Logan Airport need to pay for radio ads?
 Article in the Boston Herald this morning describes mapquest as a hot mobile app. Really? When did that happen?
 I'm at South Wellfleet General Store (1446 Route 6‎, LeCount Hollow Road, South Wellfleet) 
 iPad finally shipped! Woo hoo.
  How do I get in on the eCheck deposit test group? This feature may finally get my drop  altogether.
 Internet and power out at office. Even the coffee machine won't work. Pretty scary stuff.
  Third missed Sunday delivery in the last 8 weeks. What is going on with you guys?
 Just discovered MacGyver on Netflix streaming. Just as awesome as I remembered.
 I'm at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) (1 Harborside Dr, Boston) w/ 61 others 
 Jealous of the the six year old next to me on the flight who has an iPad. Why won't mine ship faster!?
 I'm at San Francisco International Airport (SFO) (275 S Airport Blvd, San Francisco) w/ 85 others 
 Heading to San Francisco. ( Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) w/  
 Let's play Words With Friends. My username is 'adrosenb'. 
 Just got an email from  asking me why I hadn't logged-in for awhile. Because I use your iPhone app instead. Shouldn't they know that?
  Hey man - enjoy Boston! Wish we could catch up, but I'm actually heading out of town myself!
 Just got glasses. Feeling old, but man are things crystal clear now.
  Gah. Who would have thought I'd be annoyed to be in possession of a large Apple gift card?
 Finally gave up trying to get the iPad at the store and ordered it online. If I had done that 3 weeks ago, it might be here now. 
  I see you no longer promote your online savings account on your own homepage now that your rate is 1.0%.
 Why would FB have an ad in my Gmail (which has lots of emails from FB) that says "FB helps you connect and share with friends Sign up today"
 Seeing Sir Elton John. ( DCU Center Arena & Convention Center w/ 16 others) 
 Considering 1-2 day layover in Zurich. Would you recommend as a city for a few days of exploring?
 Just saw a top down convertible in Boston. Probably a bit early, but I'll take it.
 Bowling  ( Kings Bowling) 
 If you haven't bought the Fandango Living Social deal yet, use my link and help me get them free! 
 twitter feed all ipad2 right now. haha.
 Woah. iPad 2 is thinner than the iPhone 4.
 Seeing The King's Speech. ( Regal Cinemas 13 w/ 4 others) 
 Sneaky.  links to Yelp page for Woodward restaurant with highest ratings first. Switching to date sort shows recent lower ratings.
 Can I register for an iPad 2 for my wedding?
 Birds chirping when I walked out the door this morning. Is it spring yet?
  Must be people looking for tips on Rome.
 RT  What's *really* destroying America? 
  Wow. Just saw your Super Bowl tweet. Have to agree, celebration in Campo at 5am.
 Oh boy. Looks like the iPad 2 will be coming out  soon, wonder if this will be a refresh or an overhaul. Either, I think I'm gonna get it...
 Google's social search continues to get more interesting:  - But is it really social search without Facebook?
  offering Barnes & Nobles today. Is this their answer to  Amazon deal?
 Just passed scary accident on Mass Pike. Flipped car, eastbound lanes totally closed from Newton to Weston tolls
 It's pretty funny to Google home loan information and see results from 5 years ago. Careful what you read on the interwebs.
 The  recent activity from FB friends is like a who's who of my liberal friends.
  BLOCKED - I love it.
  Do they complain a lot?
 I think  has partnered with half the sites I use. Wonder which is the best deal. Though surprisingly, none from  yet.
 I'm at Bradley Beach Bowl and Rec Center (1217 Main Street, Bradley Beach) 
 The Jersey shore is like the day after tomorrow. Multiple feet of snow and cars abandoned on the main roads.
 RT  Wish friends could help plan your trips? Now they can! TA launches  Instant Personalization: 
 RT  TripAdvisor and Facebook get friendlier with "instant personalization" 
  man, that sounds scary. Hope you're doing okay.
  haha. Somehow jealous isn't the word that comes to mind.
 RT  Five Boston Consumer Web Companies to Watch 
 Still can't believe Lee didn't sign with the Yanks and the Red Sox got Crawford and Adrian. Great week.
 How is  so clueless as to do a redesign and leave the custom image upload as an item on the list of things that will get done late?
 Is it possible FB got the idea for their new messaging system from WUPHF?
 I'm at MITX AWARDS w/ 9 others. 
  how amazing was that? Hated that episode except that part though.
  Your IPhone app isn't updating for me. So frustrating!
  FB app crashing with election results. 
 I'm at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) ✈ (1 Harborside Dr, Boston) w/ 62 others. 
 The ads they put on printed etickets for US Airways remind me of of web ads from 1999.
 I feel like half the ads I see these days are for  clones.
 I'm doing the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society's Light the Night walk. Please consider making a donation to help save lives. 
 Does  use info from my FB profile to target ads at me? I just got one that seemed uber targeted...
 Proud to see the  social team's work as an  Interactive Award finalist again. 
  Thanks! Just did. I can't believe I hadn't read that anywhere yet!
  How was The Social Network? Still need to see it.
 Still haven't gotten Facebook groups turned on yet. Anyone who has want to invite me into a group so I can get the feature?
 Seeing Roger Waters perform The Wall. ( TD Garden w/ 40 others) 
 Seeing Louis CK. Still miss his HBO show. ( Wilbur Theatre w/ 12 others) 
  Community Service Day ( Mass Audubon Boston Nature Center and Wildlife Sanctuary) 
  Do you use their gmail plugin?
  I was one of them. Hartley just saved me.
 Damn you marketing. You somehow got me to watch The Event tonite. Actually kinda intrigued, tho I have a feeling the answers won't satisfy.
 Another Sunday Groupon. ( Museum of Fine Arts) 
 Anyone celebrating the return of it's always sunny tonight with some wine in soda cans?
 When the same products, hotels, restaurants show up across different deal sites, it makes me wonder. 1 sale is a promo. 5 is desperate.
 mmm. leftover coffee is sorta like iced coffee, as long as the air conditioning is pumping, right?
 This is seriously the first line in a story by ABC News: "Lacking a "statutory rape" option for his relationship status on Facebook"
 Love TiVo. But no idea why it recorded  a sitcom in Spanish as a suggested show for me.
 Taking my Groupon helicopter ride. ( Hanscom Field (BED)) 
 Thinks Apple should pay for any damage I do to my iPhone while I wait 6 weeks for the case it should have given me the day I bought it.
 Check out the new site SniqueAway. Like Groupon for hotels. All featured hotels have 4 or 5 star rating on TripAdvsior 
 Sort of in love with gmail's new priority inbox. Don't think I could ever go back.
 Just got a capthca that said: but holle
 Layover fun. ( Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) w/ 96 others) 
 I'm at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport (PHX) (3400 E Sky Harbor Blvd, btw S 24th & S 44th, Phoenix) w/ 28 others
 I'm at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) (1 Harborside Dr, Boston) w/ 25 others. 
 Uh oh Just realized US Airways has my name on the ticket as my first and middle without a space. Do you think they will hassle me? Adamdavid
  Not as of yet. I'll let you know. Only using mine to squeeze.
  I love the idea of a standing desk. Let me know how it goes if you do it.
 Love my new stress ball. Thanks 
 I love  But how does Sweat by Inner Circle make it on my Rolling Stones station?
 RT  The Situation stands to make $5 mil in 2010. And I want to shoot myself. 
 Like this quote from  "A click is a click, but a like is a lead."
 RT  Coca Cola Village uses real life "Like" buttons that fed real world "likes" to Facebook.. 
  Might want to update your latest post - FB just announced it is removing all profile tabs within a few months. 
 I'm at Fenway Park (4 Yawkey Way, Boston) w/ 36 others. 
 I'm at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) ✈ (1 Harborside Drive, East Boston,, Boston) w/ 30 others. 
 Lightning = good time to save what I'm working on.
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Beacon Hill Athletic Clubs on  
 I just unlocked the "Gym Rat" badge on  
 Upgrading from standard RCN DVR to new RCN Tivo DVR. Goodbye worst interface ever.
 What did people do before white boards? I don't think there were chalkboards in offices, were there?
 Is this heaven? Nope, it's Iowa. ( Des Moines International Airport (DSM) w/ 3 others) 
 I just unlocked the "Photogenic" badge on  
 I guess Farvre is still pretty popular in Wisconsin. I have seen a bunch of jerseys at the airport.
 Layover on the way to Iowa. ( General Mitchell Int'l Airport (MKE) w/ 11 others) 
 Funny fact of the day: RIAA paid its lawyers more than $16,000,000 in 2008 to recover only $391,000 
 How can a hotel room be $1000 a night and not be an all inclusive?
 Crossing things off my list. Ready for a long weekend at the beach!
 Well, that was worth a try. AT&T store only had like 5 32gb iPhones. The wait continues.
 Trying to get an iPhone, but there are a bunch of people in front of me. ( at&t) 
 Why does a senator get to dress casual  during a parade on a hot summer day, but their security has to wear suits?
 Looking forward to the  happy this afternoon. 
  Why couldn't users just see their friends "likes" on TripAdvisor, right next to the anonymous reviews?
 "Just avoid holding it that way." Haha - photos of Apple promos holding the new iPhone the way Steve Jobs says not to. 
 I just ousted  as the mayor of Papa Gino's (Newton) on  
 Should I even bother stopping by the Apple store tomorrow?
 RT  RT  What your email address says about you - hilarious stuff 
 RT  New blog post: TripAdvisor Launches Social Q&A Service Powered By Facebook 
 Last minute tickets. ( Fenway Park w/ 32 others) 
 Seth Godin event this morning. Looking forward to seeing him in person. ( John Hancock Hall w/ 15 others) 
  Yup. I hopped right on it.
 "A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it." - Bob Hope
 Looking forward to seeing Seth Godin tomorrow morning in Boston. Should be great. 
  Haha. You must be special. So what do you think?
 I don't think the front desk guy at my gym should be allowed to eat a large peporoni pizza within a few feet of the treadmills. 
 Anybody else in Boston attending the Seth Godin event this Thursday?
  I think because owls are wise.
  Yup. Haha. How come?
  Glad you think so. We sure do.
  You can send a message or do a wall post to all friends. It's fun to go from city to city and see which friends have been there.
 The project I've been workin on the past few months launched this morning. Check it out and let me know what you think. 
 RT  Blog: trip planning in the age of Facebook, first look at new  "trip friends" feature: 
 Had one more thing I wanted to get done today and while I was doing it I got the blue screen of death. Fail. 
 RT  Love the pagination at the bottom -- 
 Yea, I think I'm in for the new iPhone. So now the question is...white or black?
  But it's so shiny. I think I am going to crack.
  The only better reason is need. But when it comes to Apple stuff, I want.
 Should I get the new iPhone? I know I don't need it, but I want it.
  I honestly don't know what I'd do without  Truly is my soundtrack.
 I need someone to create a site that aggregates all my Groupon like deals I buy. I can't keep track of them all.
  how was turlington the mayor?
 Did you know Yahoo deletes all your email if you don't check an account for 4 months. Then  they offer to not do it again if you pay $20.
 I'm at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) ✈ (General Edward Lawrence Logan International Aiport, Boston) w/ 19 others
  can't drive through south Carolina without a stop at south of the border.
 I'm pretty sure I just saw Bob Saget at the airport in Philly getting on a plane for LA. 
 I'm at Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) (8000 Essington Ave, Philadelphia) w/ 15 others. 
 Overheads full, so they just put someone's bag in an empty first class seat, but the bag owner has to sit in coach. Ha. 
 I am that guy. Forgot my license. Thank god my AMEX has my photo. ( Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) ✈ w/ 24 others)
 Why is price gouging during a during a disaster not allowed, but when I need to change a flight by a few hours they want to charge $1000?
  Haha. Seriously. How effective can it be if everyone uses it?
 I wonder who was the first marketer to use Dads and Grads together.
 Dinner at an Italian place tonight for friend moving away. Just what I want on a 90+ degree day, a nice heavy Italian meal.
  Very jealous. Haven't had Zingerman's in a long time.
 RT  Adrien Brody "stars" in Charlie Bit My Finger - The Movie.  (via 
 Had a problem with a gift I got on  They responded to my email the same day with a full refund. Great customer service.
 I think I need a vacation somewhere tropical this summer. Never done the all inclusive thing before. Any suggestions?
  Who would dare litigate against the Google?
 Wonder how many minutes have been wasted today by Google's Pacman homepage.
 AT&T moved my iPhone upgrade date up 6 months to June. I wonder if they are trying to get me to sign a new contract before it's on Verizon.
  Your site is down. El Preisdente, you're losing money!
 I just became the mayor of My Place & Co on  
  Congrats! Nice work.
 Today's graphic that will make your head explode - Facebook's 170 privacy setting options. 
  Argentine judge orders Facebook to shut groups created by students to organize mass truancy 
  I find the worse my day is - the more I need to exercise, but the more likely I am to opt for a drink.
 RT  Where's Paco!? Delta loses dog, issues $200 credit via The Consumerist - 
  did you get any cupcakes?
 Two brawls in the Fenway bleachers tonight. Must be the cold weather.
 I'm at Fenway Park (4 Yawkey Way, Boston) w/ 29 others. 
 RT  we'll give $1 for each RT of this msg thru 5/9 (up to $10k) to   (Nat'l Domestic Violence Hotline)
  Was everybody in his friend network a prince?
 First game of the season. Lots of homeruns. ( Fenway Park w/   
  Love Ally. Wish I could have them as my only bank.
 Glad to work in an office on the border of the water problem. Just an extra 5 minutes to get some iced coffee.
 Second City show. Thanks Groupon. ( Boston Center For the Arts) 
 My Dad writes emails that look like a site from 97. Bold, underline, highlights, multiple colored fonts. The only thing missing is blinking.
  So how was the double down?
 Loves seeing in my Facebook newsfeed that someone "likes the Wall Street Journal and Mike 'The Situation.'"
 I'm at Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) (General Edward Lawrence Logan International Aiport, Boston) w/ 5 others
 I'm at San Francisco International Airport‎ (San Francisco International Airport‎, San Francisco) w/ 19 others. 
 I'm at Facebook HQ (1601 S California Ave, Palo Alto) w/ 12 others. 
  Find it funny we both checked-in to dinner without the other knowing it.
  Had dinner with  tonight, let him know about all our suit vs. creative battles.
  It's been fun. TripAdvisor was a launch partner, we're excited about the new features on our site.
  See we just checked in to the same hotel on foursquare. I used to work with  Small world. Coffee in the morning?
 RT  We're at the f8 conference - integration of the "Like" button on TripAdvisor was  announced today! Check it out:  http: ...
  You were always special. But now you're extra special.
 Check out FB's new like buttons on www.tripadvisor.com on cities, hotels, restaurants, and attractions. We're a launch partner - like away.
 I just unlocked the "Swarm" badge on  
 I'm at f8 (635 8th Street, San Francisco) w/ 38 others. 
 I'm at Inside Social Apps 2010 w/ 4 others. 
 I just became the mayor of Annies Dry Cleaners on  
 Looking forward to  tomorrow.
 I'm at San Francisco International Airport (SFO) (Highway 101, San Francisco) w/ 7 others. 
 Off to San Francisco for f8. ( Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) w/ 4 others) 
  iPad?
 At least somebody things I'm classy, but sorry Aardvark, I don't know anything about opera.
 Just checked in for a flight on AA.com and had the option for a mobile phone boarding pass, pretty cool.
 I just unlocked the "Animal House" badge on  
 I just became the mayor of Sunoco on  
 I just unlocked the "JetSetter" badge on  
 Off to Toronto. ( Boston Logan Airport Terminal B AA Gates) 
 Wonders if everyone listening to their Led Zeppelin  station is getting MBA ads. Do potential MBAs love classic rock?
 Embarrassed to say I just found out I won my NCAA pool. Thought I had no chance since I had so many wrong. Here's to sucking the least.
 RT  RT  The moment you've all been waiting for: Will It Blend? - iPad 
 According to recent research by U of MO Prof Kevin Wise, FB users look at profiles of “friends” they either really love or really hate.
  Congrats Scott. Best of luck!
 Geno's vs. Pat's.  I vote Geno's. ( Pat's King of Steaks w/ 2 others) 
 I'm at Geno's Steaks (1219 s Ninth St, at Passyunk, Philadelphia). 
 I'm at Liberty Bell Center (526 Market St, 6th St, Philadelphia). 
 I just became the mayor of Homewood Suites on  
 I just became the mayor of Jamjuli on  
  Now you get the jokes?
 RT  The TA-Schrute Farms phenomenon: reviews for an agrotourism B&B that doesn’t exist, via  
 I'm at McGolf (150 Bridge St, Dedham). 
 Restaurant week steak. They know  how to take the reservation. They don't know how to keep the reservation. ( Ruth's Chris)
 Just registered for  Interested to see what Facebook will be announcing there.
  If only it were as exciting as actually playing Battleship and not just us reading blogs.
 Noticed a new "From the makers of  image on the  homepage. Shouldn't it be "From the acquisitions of 
  If someone walked into my living room, it would look like my girlfriend and I are playing battleship. Separate couches, laptops open.
 Continue to be impressed with  - man do I love this company. A personal response from CEO  to an issue I had. Very cool.
 Sometimes I hate my old car. But yesterday I got my excise tax bill. Today I love it.
  I went skiing with a greenman this weekend. He did pretty well considering his face was covered.
  You feel you are neglecting your twitter account lately.
 I'm at truly yogurt. 
 I'm at Killington Ski Resort (Killington Rd, Killington). 
 I'm at Jax (Killington). 
 "We wander for distraction, but we travel for fulfillment." - Hilaire Belloc 
 Got through about five emails this morning before my computer crashed. I think that's a new record. 
  Are you allowed to bet? I mean isn't that like insider trading?
  Can I short films I think will tank? That seems a lot easier.
 I can't imagine what I have entered on Aardvark that would make them think I am an expert on "crutches." 
 RT  Contest Entry | Vacation Sweepstakes - Free Sign Up 
 Back to reality and the internets after in awesome week in Rome.
 I'm at Terminal E - Boston Logan Int'l Airport (BOS) (Logan Terminal E, Boston). 
 Heading out to Rome. ( Terminal E - Boston Logan Int'l Airport (BOS)) 
 I just became the mayor of Sol's Barbershop on  
     Thanks guys!
 Off to Rome tomorrow to celebrate my engagement!
 $55 for a One-Day Lift Ticket at Killington Resort - 
  Totally agree. I don't like combining email and the stream. Too much info in a place I try to keep organized.
  Free Kindle for Amazon Prime users? Should I sign up? 
 Not sure I can take Lost seriously with Mac from It's Always Sunny as a new character. 
 Boston due for  a snow storm tomorrow. How should I prepare? I'll just check with my friends in DC and see what their strategy was...PANIC.
 What should I watch tomorrow night? 
 Staying in a motel tonight before a day of skiing tomorrow. Cheap motel (no matter how bad) near the slopes beats waking up at 5am in Boston
 Got 1,000 Places To See Before You Die daily calendar. I've already saved 9 days to use for planning. Already overwhelmed, 11 months to go.
 I continued to be amazed by Ally Bank. The level of service is unreal.
  Haven't gotten any deal alerts, so not great. But I'm not in a rush. I already have too much stuff on the DVR as it is.
   = awesomeness.
  That sucks. Tow trucks can be ruthless sometimes.
  I lucked out about a month ago and was able to get some. Even able to get 8 together in the bleachers. Should be a fun night.
 Spring suddenly seems a lot closer, I got some Red Sox tickets in the mail yesterday. 
 I owed Kim. ( JP Licks (Newton Centre)) 
 Bruins ( TD Garden w/ 13 others) 
 Some of the birthday reminders on Facebook are more reminders of friends I have on Facebook that I probably shouldn't be friends with.
 Wait, Greenday has a musical? Really?
 I just became the mayor of New England Mobile Book Fair on  
 Love when I see the same stock photo used for two completely different companies for completely different messages.
 Wanted to check-in to a bunch of places in Vermont this weekend on  , but  crappy service prevented me.
  Perfect. Thanks for the help!
 Love  when  's super saver shipping that is supposed to take 5-9 business days takes only 2.
  When do all banks, etc have to have mailed tax stuff by? I want to do taxes but want to wait until everything has arrived.
  I think I need a copy of your calendar. I get worried when you aren't on the internets.
 If you want to know what happens when a chairlift breaks down and there are people on it, ask me. I now know firsthand thanks to 
  Late reply, but not convinced I need it.
 I just became the mayor of Citibank (Newton Centre) on  
 Avatar finally! ( Verizon IMAX 3D Theater) 
 Microsoft is sponsoring the share on FB, but I think it looks pretty funny next to the headline. 
 RT  Can't afford an iPad? Have a very small baby hold your iPhone for a similar effect.
 Finally going to see Avatar tonight. Decided to wait until I could get tickets to see it on IMAX. 
 Who could possibly think that the gym locker room is the right place to cut dead skin off your feet and let it just drop to the floor? 
 I just became the mayor of Castle Bar on  
 Just heard a new phrase: "Irish Sports Pages." aka the obits.
  Well, you aren't the boss of me!
 Just had a cupcake forced on me by  . What torture! Thanks for sharing and Happy Birthday!
  Was that an invitation for an attack?
 Scott Brown ads are following me all over the internet! Wish there was an "already voted" button I could press.
 Did Scott Brown buy all the ads on TechCrunch? (I know they are IP targeted, but still)
  Perhaps I didn't have enough characters. That is the excuse I'm going with anyway.
  Same here. Seeing some Scott Brown posts in my Twitter and Facebook feeds that I did not expect.
 My chair seems to have a mind of it's own this morning.
  Snow in the eye is okay for Twitter, but toothpaste in the eye isn't? What gives?
 I think it's funny to see articles like "Watch your walls, employers check Facebook." Is that a reprint from 3 years ago?
 Voting ( Easton School)
 Just tried frog legs for the first time. Yum. ( Spark) 
 I'm at Cliff Walk (199 Narragansett Ave, Newport, RI 02840, USA, Newport). 
 witnessed crazy people complaining over nada, trying to get free food at Nikolas Pizza in Newport.  I'll write a positive review to counter
 Anybody have the Roku? I'm considering grabbing it. Lots of stuff on Netflix streaming I'd like to easily be able to watch in HD.
  I just have a very extreme lifestyle and my iPhone needs to adapt to it.
  Just dropped an iron on my iPhone.  Screen protector destroyed.  iPhone screen fine. Normal wear and tear. Screen protectors rule.
 One tv at the gym is Haiti coverage, the one next to it teen cribs. Something wrong with this picture.
 Just got robocalled to vote for Coakley. Wonder what the conversion is like on these calls. 
 Cool to see  donating $1 of every lift ticket this Sat. to the Red Cross. Interesting to see many people say it should be more.
 Not shocked to open twitter and see  trending.
 RT  Chew on this: Every dollar invested in promoting healthier eating yields $5 in health-care savings 
 RT  "It’s not Google that’s withdrawing from China, it’s China that’s withdrawing from the world" 
 The Gatorade G2 orange flavor should be retitled "orange jello from your childhood."
  No idea. It's like they are being run by Alec Baldwin's character on 30 Rock.
 If the rest of the internet is anything like my twitter and FB streams right now, everyone is behind Conan and nobody is with NBC.  
  Do you want an invite? And what's privacy is that like one of those ZIP drives you were talking about before? Never heard of it.
 Just joined  thanks to  Not sure how I feel about it yet. Seems like it could be interesting with the right settings.
  I'd like an invite. Not sure how I feel about them yet, but I'm interested.
 RT  Photo: Nestography: Screenshots of retro Nintendo games coupled with poignant statements. (via jennydeluxe)  ...
 Bought a skis from Evo Gear online in August. Just got an email from them asking for a review. Very smart.
 Proud to live in a ZIP code that doesn't have Mall Cop in  the top 10 rentals, tho Twilight managed to squeeze in   
  I would totally do it, but I don't think my girlfriend would want to.
  Will you and Baby O be attending?
  There is a difference between scratch and crack. I've dropped mine on stuff that's cracked the protector, but not the screen.
  Happy to bring you down with me. Welcome to me latest addiction.
 Great snow. Better than watchin the pats... ( Killington Mountain, Vermont) 
 Enjoying the wood stove at  's Killington chalet.
 Yum. ( Tasca Mediterranean Tapas) 
 RT  hahahaha hilarious!! love it! RT  Sports: Everyone At Hospital Already Hates Wes Welker 
  I suppose you could just complain. But who would only complain?
  Crazy, huh? Mine  was Tuesday.
  Haha. I did that last week. Do you just say that you're awesome?
 The word connect seems be used more & more. Email offer from AMC: "Buy a large popcorn and connect with a free drink." Facebook Connect? 
 Thanks for the recommendation  The rice was perfect! 
 What is  thinking?? A car that reads your twitter stream to you. This reminds me of the Simpsons when Homer designed a car.
 To me anyway, this sounds incredibly dumb. RT  Ford making way for Twitter built into new cars 
 New favorite FB ad. "If you are 26 and male you're eligible for $250 in free gas." OMG - I am 26 and male!!! How lucky am I???
  Lost without  I see.
 What to do if your front door is blocked by snow? Turn your front door into a beer cooler. 
 Getting toothpaste in your eye burns. Probably not something they need to put on the warning label. But somehow I managed to do it this AM.
 Watched King of California tonight on demand. Liked it more than I thought I would.
  Haha. Love the finger pointing cartoon. Could be soon followed up by cover your ass.
  Youth in Revolt, "cute enough?" Doesn't sound all the convincing...
 I never thought I'd achieve such happiness from hitting dismiss on reminders in Outlook I have completed.
 RT  TA Business Listings are here, shortening the distance b/tw hoteliers & travelers to just one click: 
  At that price point, just not sure what makes it better than a inexpensive laptop..but of course I haven't seen it yet.
  Thanks. I'll take a look. Anything special going on MLK weekend? Best places to eat in the winter?
  Yes. Just kidding. Now AMW story. That I know of anyway...
  $1000 though? I don't get it.
  That's why I picked up a helmet this season.
  SitterCity? Oh, I think we did an AMW case about that...
  Thanks Yury. Sounds like enough for a relaxing weekend.
 Looking for a getaway for MLK weekend. Thinking about Newport, RI. Anyone been there in the winter? Any other suggestions?
 Looking at a room on Hotels.com. What do you think "View of Elevator Guest Room" means?
 Watching B roll footage on the news of Yemen Arabic language school. I guess they have Ikea there too. I had that desk in college.
  Then off to synagogue?
 RT   - great story on Obama's 30yo speechwriter - 
 I just got called from someone's pocket. The only thing I could hear was "please turn off all electronic devices for takeoff." Fail.
  People don't remember things anymore, they just assume  is correct.
 Just realized the final season of Lost is now less than a month away. Sweet. 
  y10k?
 According to TV show Seaquest, which was set in the future, the Marlins win the World Series in 2010.
  Ooh congrats. Heels! Baby O must be so proud of her Mom.
 I am a lot better at candlepin. ( Bradley Beach Bowl and Rec Center) 
 RT  RT  Is google the all-knowing Multivac of Isaac Asimov's fiction? 
 RT  Goodbye 2009. 2010 will be a much better year by just omitting "Jon & Kate" from our vocabulary  
  I'll have to pick up some UFO and give it a try.
  Check out my New Year's drink.  
 Working from a snowy Jersey shore. No signs of Snookie.
  That's a lot of revenue.
  Ha. Fair enough. But you will get my money each time you have ski groupon.
  Hanging out at the Panera in Needham?  will not be happy with you.
 Heard on wbz - bootleg sports merchandise can support terorrism. Uh oh.  Are all those Yankees suck shirts supporting al Qaeda?
  How did it go from so warm to so cold so fast? Oh, Boston.
 RT   I will know  has gone mainstream when homeless in SF approach me with iPhones asking for my credit card
