 Ophthalmologist Helps Develop Device For Monitoring Degenerative Eye Disease 
 Link found in   + Eye Disease 
 COACH readers too!  
 PRADA  
 PAUL SMITH anyone?  
 RT  A Trip to  Part Two is picking out frames, the funnest part! 
 RT    indeed. kicking off my modeling career with   moving onto chippendale ads next.
 Cataracts are no joke. MIT's MediaLab has created a small portable tool that bolts to a smartphone. Diagnosis-on-the-go 
 It's sunny out there today  You may need these: 
 RT   Download my new single    N.O anthem
 RT  Cool! RT  Waiting  & look what the reading material is-   w/ my article htt ...
 Love them! RT  oops I meant  
 Ray Ban's kicked up a notch!   
  Can u call/email directly w more detail? I'd like to try and help. Just have a few questions. erica Thx!
  So sorry. How can we fix?
 What is a healthy eye? 
 Learn more about  and how you can detect early. Our high tech equipment detects 7 years in advance 
 May is HEALTHY VISION MONTH... Have you had a check-up lately? Our state-of-the-art eye exam requires no pupil dilation 
 Here we R kicking off 2nd week of   at our  booth ~stop by for some SUNNIES!  
 Setting up our booth at the Fair Grounds. Going to be a beautiful  
 RT  today's your last chance to like  on FB to win a free pair of  tix. they'll be choosing a  ...
 Which St. Charles Vision do you frequent? Did you know we have 6 locations in the Greater New Orleans Area?  
 Thanks  Contest ends today at 1pm. Winner announced tomorrow AM  
 RT   deathly afraid of the eye doctor. Fortunately my next trip will be to  so high tech t ...
 LAST CALL to win 2 FREE JAZZ FEST TICKETS. Cut-off to enter is 1pm CST today. Just LIKE our FB page: 
 Did you know there are  benefits to wearing sunglasses as well?   ++  
 RT  .   It will definitely be a fabulous event - famed body painter Craig Tracy is hosting a body  ...
 Fun! RT   our next event is for Earth Day on April 21st! Join us for cocktails!
 RT  Don’t miss  today  ! 
 Reminder of our Facebook promo: "LIKE" our page to enter a drawing for 2 FREE JazzFest tickets good 4 any day. Please RT 
 LOVE! RT   How to steal  from Hunter S. Thompson, Mick, Keith, Bowie and more: 
 Super hot!! RT  I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "2011 Editorial: As Seen On" 
 Terry2 by Face a Face makes TREND ALERT in Eyestylist 
 Do you have trouble wearing contacts? You need to try ClearKone by  ~ this is a game-changer!  
 Agreed! RT  Yeah, so the Season 2 premiere of TREME needs to hurry up and get here!!!!
 Have u heard of our in-store promotion? Purchase a pair of shades w value of $149 + get a FREE  ticket  
  Thanks guys! 
 RT  a heads up yall:  is giving away a free pair of JF tix (for any day!) to a random FB fan:  ...
  Sorry for delay... The promotion is for Sun Wear only!
  Thanks lady!
 RT  Free  tickets from  w/ purchase of sunnies of $149 or up. Great deal y'all! 
           
 Who are you looking forward to seeing at  O-O>> 
 Our  promotion is live! Get a FREE ticket to any day of the fest with a purchase of $149.99 or more! 
 RT  Need glasses? Get a replica of Gregory Peck's spectacles from  
  We are giving away a FREE  ticket w purchase of $149.99 or more. Offer is good until supplies run dry!
 Who are you looking forward to seeing at  O-O>> 
 Have you CUBED your schedule for  yet   
 Thx!! RT  Get "right" w/ spring thanks to these fun tips on   cc:  
 Meet our latest INNOVATOR Andrea Chen [  = ability to maintain sense of possibility. O-O>>  
 ClearKone by  specifically designed for patients with  gives back... 
 Are you experiencing runny, puffy, itchy eyes? Yep, allergy season is here... 
 How do you know if you are having serious eye trouble? 
 Loving Eva in her GUCCIS... 
 Oprah being fab in FENDI... 
 Sarah Jessica Parker sporting ALEXANDER MCQUEENS: 
 RT   Blogger Panel: Creating A Compelling Voice-  took notes at  the discussion read them here:  h ...
 RT   FW was an amazing success! A Fall event is being discussed, a decision w/b announced in the nxt co ...
 RT  THANK YOU SO MUCH! - Please visit Lux Photography for images from all of the runway shows. 
 RT  Sandalwood! :-) RT  What color of Wacks is the model wearing in your spring 2011 campaign photos? I w ...
  Jewelry inspired FASHION SHOW at  Accessorize!  
  Ottilie Brodman FASHION SHOW at  
 View the whole schedule for  on   
  Are you planning for a Fall event in 
 Beautiful! RT  Biking downtown for a  meeting w/  then on to the  blogger's panel!
 RT  Are you a blogger? Come down to the Martine Chaisson Gallery for NOLA Tidbits presents Creating a Compelling Voice htt ...
 RT  Prepping for the blogger's panel at Martine Chaisson Gallery. Come discuss with us! 
 More behind-the-scenes shots with  EDUCATIONAL SEMINARS...  
  How are the events going at  
 Tonight is  INDUSTRY ENGAGED NIGHT at  
 Elizabeth Taylor a true style + fashion icon appearing on magazine covers such as Vogue, Time, Esquire, Vanity Fair ++ 
 How was last night's NIGHT ON THE TOWN? Check out pics posted by    
 LOVE! RT  Preparing the Summer Collection for the website. Blue Havana color just knocked my socks off! 
  is underway! Are you going to tonight's NIGHT ON THE TOWN?  
  No problemo. We love your space!
 Can you guess what this mean...?  O-O>>
            
  gives the scoop on   
 St. Charles Vision team at the  for Cooper Vision cocktail party last night. Fun stuff!  O-O>> 
  Vintage Collection at Studio 450 via St. Charles Vision team in NYC. More color!   O-O>>
 Backstage pics from   
 St. Charles Vision team at Skyline Studios in NYC checking out new Face à Face frames. I'm loving the colors here! 
  officially kicks off tomorrow... Who's going and what are you wearing? 
 You might be at risk for Computer Vision Syndrome via  
 RT  cant wait for the fashion show  march 15-18. Just waiting for contact from designers for fittings. Very ex ...
 RT   will be in touch today. Excited to have  on board w/ 
 RT  Enter the chance to win 2 tickets to  !!! Go to    Good luck!!!
 RT  Check out  's fb page (www.facebook.com/NOLAfashionweek) for your chance to win two tickets to  runway show!
 RT  Thanks,  for the great story of the budding fashion scene in  
 RT  RT  Just had the group from  (March 21-26) do a walk-through. Top notch talent organizing it & des ...
 RT  Live now on ELLE, every look from today’s  runway show in Milan!  
 RT   vs Fashion Week? W has the best of both, the latest from the runways  & your fave nominees http:// ...
 Are you prepared for this  season? Coozie, check- Sunblock, check- Sunglasses, check? 
  lookin' good in those Ray Bans! Thanks for playing along!  
 Extreme innovation in eye care brought to you by  World’s first pair of glasses with auto-focusing lenses 
 Loving the shades on the runway at  (via  on nola.com)... 
 RT  Be sure to grab the latest issue of  to see what  &  have to say about  http ...
 More glasses on the runway   +  + 
  "Floor-skimming dresses were styled with wide-brim hats and nerdy chic glasses" 
 Have you been following  in  during Fashion Week? You should!   
 It is not too late to treat your  Perhaps some ultra cool retro style frames (as featured in this month's WISH). 
 RT   digging the new ads! They're cool
 Thanks all! Shade look great on  cc  
 RT  Congrats on winning & huge thanks to  -- RT  Had an awesome time at the  and won a  ...
 RT  Rodent of the Week: How omega-3 fatty acids promote eye health 
           
  So sorry to hear that you had a bad experience. If you DM us, we'll be happy to try and fix. Thanks.
 So glad! Thx so much! RT  Our latest iheartnola.com feature is St. Charles Vision. GR8 service & selection 
 RT  Check out Allen Eskew in this month's  for  Ad! What an awesome picture of him too
 RT    Runway Shows will be held at the  on March 25th & 26th!
 Nice! RT  The time to buy your tickets to  's design-inspired workshop has arrived! 
 Did you catch our 2nd  innovator in  this week? Allen Eskew- a true visionary (cc  
 Anyone see  this week? Loving the VALENTINE'S GUIDE esp bc our Azure Ray Ban Caribbeans are featured  
 RT   VIDEO SHOOT: Problem solving last minute light diffuser = scarf + 2 Trumpeters + 1 client (cc  ...
 Our very own, Dr. Herman, will be on Baton Rouge's NPR station,  in just a few minutes. Listen Live here: 
 Tomorrow morning our very own, Dr. Herman, will be on Baton Rouge's NPR station,  Listen Live here: 
 Nice! RT  For everyone who did not get to see my performance last year on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno...
 Check out these two groups creating FASHION WEEK in   ( +  Looking forward to this!
 What is your definition of VISION  We asked  here's what he had to say: 
           
 RT   Thx for the  love. I am wearing my glasses now w/RX from dear Dr. Glaser...:D
 RT  Did you hear the good news!? 2011 Jazz Fest lineup will be released at midnight tonight. BRING IT!    ...
 RT  Anne Hathaway is a bronzed goddess in Armani Prive 
 RT  Halle Berry is a sexy siren in Nina Ricci 
 RT  Claire Danes wears springs hottest hue in Calvin Klein Collection 
 Annette Bening won BEST ACTRESS for Comedy/Musical. According to  she also takes home a GG for BEST GLASSES 
 RT   Thank you. I'm a sucker for a cutie in glasses!
 RT   Fashion Week begins March 15th! Check out our website for designers and events www.fashionweeknola.com
 RT  Remember, Ginger Rogers did everything Fred Astaire did, but backwards and in high heels. -Faith Whittlesey 
  I am too thx to a family history... Be sure to get annual exams and tested for  specifically!
 RT   Oak Street Peeps:        ...
          
 RT           ...
 Scroll mid-way to find a list of vitamins that enhance overall eye health: 
 Great article on why  is the thief of eyesight on  
 RT  Meet the newest trend in skirts...but will you wear this new "midi" length?! 
 We offer advanced GDX + OCT testing that detects the earliest signs of  5-7 years prior to vision loss  
 Do you know about  It is known as the, "thief of sight" for a reason! Learn more here: 
  Great! SEE you then 
  RT  Massive inventory in a tiny space? New virtual product wall unveiled by Intel + Adidas 
 Don't overlook your FLEX PLAN... 
 Thank you  -  best wishes to you and your friend.
 Have you seen our ad in  this week? Featuring one of the great innovators in    
 Check out our TOP PICKS for 2011 in sunglasses and eyewear  
 Martin in Crystal by SALT. OPTICS is Chris Yarbrough final pick in eyeglasses for 2010... What is one of your... 
 Check out these sunglasses + eyeglass top picks from 2010... What is your pick?  
 And Oliver Peoples Eyewear makes another appearance with their Denison Matte in Military. Thanks for the round-up... 
 Robert Marc Eyewear was another hot item in 2010... Chris Yarbrough recommends  (color = smoky): 
 CHANEL  by Chris Yarbrough... Model  in Tortoise 
 And now onto top 2010 picks for eyeglasses... Chris Yarbrough goes for 2 CHANEL frames... Pictured here is model... 
 And last, but definitely not least, is the final of Chris Yarbrough's top 2010 sunglasses pick... The Terry by... 
 Second top 2010 sunglasses pick by Chris Yarbrough... Ray-Ban 2132 in Tortoise. Rachel Bilson pictured here and... 
 Chris Yarbrough shares a few of his top 2010 picks for sunglasses... First up is the Sheldrake, Flip-up, Clip-on... 
 New from Ralph Lauren... Foldable shades! [CC  
 Very Cool! RT  Hermes New Paris Boutique   
  shares their Top 10 Gift Guide... We carry a few! 
           
 Round sunglasses predicted to be a hit in 2011...Lady Ga Ga is ahead of the curve! 
 Johnny Depp totally sporting the vintage nerdy frame A+ 
 RT  Here Comes The Sun: Q&A with eyewear designer Jérémy Tarian 
 Cat eyes are back! Actually, I don't think they ever went anywhere...  
 Yet another great  tee by  RT New from Dirty Coast . . . Our Take on Mucha and Absinthe // 
 RT   "Sexy librarian" never goes out of style,but it's good that frames are getting some love again. Time fo ...
 Come on in! Do you have any FSA $? RT  Sounds cute! I really need some new glasses mine are so old!
 Did anyone catch the frame segment on E! News the other night? Bold frames, smart colors, sexy librarian ++ are... 
 Did anyone catch the frame segment on  the other night? Bold frames, smart colors, sexy librarian ++ are the looks for 2011 
 What are you looking forward to in the new year? 
 Shop w us this weekend. Perfect gift for a loved one or treat yourself! Prada, CK, Guess, Oliver Peoples, David Yurman, Polo, SALT ++ 
 Now this is indeed luxury (cc Oliver Peoples Eyewear)... 
 Now this is indeed luxury  (cc  
 Last call for the TRUNK SHOW!  Ends tonight at 8pm. Thanks to all who came to visit.  O-O>>
 I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album "2010 Trunk Show - Uptown" 
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "December 2, 2010" 
 We wanted to give a BIG THANKS to all the brand reps working at our TRUNK SHOW yesterday, so we bought them goodies from  
 We wanted to give a BIG THANKS to all the brand reps working at our TRUNK SHOW yesterday, so we bought them... 
 Way chic... Another great spread, this one from DITA  
 Check out this display of FRAMES ANNE ET VALENTIN. Love the colors and shapes! 
 A few fashionable happenings around town  
 The ANNUAL TRUNK SHOW is underway at the Uptown and Metairie locations.  20% OFF (with lens purchase) of such... 
 The TRUNK SHOW is underway. Shop 4 yourself or others. Brands such as     ++ 
  Do you know about our ANNUAL TRUNK SHOW tomorrow + Thursday?  Come on by!
 Here's a juicy TID BIT  
 Thanks for the love! RT  Tomorrow and Thursday in Louisiana: Trunkshow at  locations! 
 RT  Slow Southern News:  trunk show, Green Light Dist. shopping &   mafia holiday  h ...
 More details on our ANNUAL TRUNK SHOW here:   Starts tomorrow, ends Thursday. Lots of savings + experts on-site 
 Gambit Weekly breaks down some shopping news for this week.  Yep, the TRUNK SHOW is included!  Huge discounts on... 
 Great addition  RT  YOU HAD ME AT SAY BRAH // 
 Nice! Rober Downey, Jr in  RT Benedict via   
 RT   13 days until Hope for the Holidays - December 2nd : 6 PM - 11 PM - 8118 Oak St, 70118 -  ...
  What's your favorite brand of 
 Attention BLOG enthusiasts... RT  Vintage Frames Company Wants Your Vote!   
 Don't forget to mark your calendars for Dec 1 + 2 - the annual TRUNK SHOW.  Lots of discounts. Available only at... 
 RT  RT  Join us at our Magazine shop from 4-6 today for complimentary Sazeracs w us &  to kickof ...
 RT  Brandon
  boasts its GREAT DISCOVERIES  
 Gambit Weekly boasts its GREAT DISCOVERIES... 
 We will be at  Arabella Monday conducting FREE VISION SCREENINGS. Come by! 
 Custom Computer Lenses. Use not as a replacement for everyday glasses (driving or reading), but for wearing while on the  
 RT  Computer vision syndrome grows with smartphones  - 
 Have you ever experienced   It may be due to Computer Vision Syndrome 
 RT  Reserve Brewhaha Beer Sampler Cards now. Get'em before they sell out:      ...
 RT  I have a new website. // 
 Love the Cat-Eyes! RT  At Dior, sailor hats and tropical prints and cat-eye glasses. Spring collection: 
 RT  Purple is the hue du jour. Reasons we love it: 1) It's regal 2) it's fun 3) it's fabulous!   ...
  highlights "Breakthrough in Eyeglasses Lenses" 
 Do you know about  at St. Charles Vision  
 RT  So awesome! RT  French eyewear master, Alain Mikli, demonstrating the process of creating handmade eyew ...
 RT  OMG - what a SICK pic!!  RT  Some light reading- new XXL, Kanye rockin the Daddy B....  ...
  Find out more about the  Revolutionary 3D Custom Digital Lens available at St. Charles Vision 
 Last day... FREE kids vision screenings end Sept 15th - any of the 6 St. Charles Vision locations in the Greater  area
 RT  We are happy to announce that the OFFICIAL PO-BOY PRESERVATION FESTIVAL as you all know and love will be on OAK... http:/ ...
 FREE kids vision screenings end tomorrow, Sept 15th - any of the 6 St. Charles Vision locations in the Greater  area
 Great photo shoot yesterday with Timolynn Sams , Timolynn Sams , Liz McCartney ( St. Bernard Project ), Allen... 
 St. Charles Vision- Severn, St.Charles Vision-Uptown, West Bank, Harahan, Mandeville + Chateau Estates are all... 
 Check out Shopping News in   - FREE KIDS VISION SCREENINGS 
 RT  Sunglasses for Children - Fashion or Necessary Protection for Young Eyes? 
 RT  Sun time as a kid led to eye surgery in adulthood:  (this is why we want you to wear sunglasses!)
 Thanks! RT  St. Charles Vision is offering FREE kids' vision screenings   
 RT  Revolutionary contact lens `could change the way we live` - Contactlenses.co.uk   ...
  Depends on your style, face shape, skin tone. But we have a huge selection + 6 locations in  My favs R the RED Ray Bans!
  Come by, we'll walk you through it!
 Do U have trouble wearing contact lenses b/c of an eye condition?  + Dr. Leach from SCV  explain: 
  's MEG FARRIS to cover  ClearKone Contact Lens.  Awareness Month prevails! 
 Tune in tonight:  10pm News as MEG FARRIS discovers  care advancements at St. Charles Vision 
 We are joining forces with Coca-Cola and offering FREE vision screenings tomorrow to  employees and their families!
 FREE KIDS VISION SCREENINGS through Sept 15  (appointment is necessary)... 
 Great to meet  with  - stay tuned for air time + day!
 RT  The ClearKone™ lens was featured in the NKCF Fall 09 Newsletter:  ...
 RT  Article: FAQs on Hybrid Lenses for Keratoconus:  ...
 Unhappy with your PROGRESSIVE LENS?  talks about FREE FORM lenses (avail at St. Charles Vision) 
 Have U ever had DRY EYE (cue Ben Stein): light sensitivity, gritty sensation, itching, redness, blurry vision...? www.stcharlesvision.com
 We are at the Arabella  in  now holding FREE vision screening until 12:30pm.  Stop by! 
 Thanks  - Come on in! we have several locations throughout the  area 
  Moving in to the Digitally Surfaced Lens  
 Do u suffer with  St. Charles Vision has been classified as a "Platinum Fitter" for  
 Tired of wearing your  + reading glasses?  contact lenses offer users both near and distance 
 The doctors at St. Charles Vision specialize in the treatment of DRY EYE  Do you have any questions?
 RT  Tonight's the night! The inaugural  at  Delicious food, gift bags, prizes, drink specials & new ...
 Schedule a Free Kids’ Vision Screening Now Through September 15th at any of our 6 locations 
 RT  Sitting in  seminar on social media for health & wellness industry presented by   of  ...
  Names Best Buys + Bargains in   FREE vision screenings at  on Monday 7/12 
  in her RED  shades... Do you have yours for the 4th?  
 Look who else shares the love of RED  sunglasses  
 July's CUE is out -- all RED  shades for the 4th of July... Available at  - Thx  
 Ray-Ban REDS (via Gambit Weekly) 
 
 As mentioned last week in  We are selling a stash of designer vintage frames (totally 80s)  
  gives props to pops...  Check out their pick for eye wear:  Dixon in brown  
  We have 6 locations and have favorites in each neighborhood!  Hard to narrow though...
 Nice crowd Whole Foods Market Louisiana Arabella - Come SEE us for a FREE vision screening. 
  is at  Arabella Store  administering FREE Vision Screenings until 1pm  
 RT  wow - what a gorgeous vintage frame!! xo RT   oliver peoples m4
 RT  Kate Hudson wears HOLLIS in the upcoming flick 'Something Borrowed'!     
 This Monday at  (Arabella  we will be giving FREE Vision Screenings, 10am-1pm.  Come SEE us!  
 On Saturday we'll be at  Wellness Expo in Lakeside   - FREE Vision Screenings 
 RT  Rockin w the mayor w  Of you're in NOLA, you should visit Loa and  Trust me on this. 
 RT  Refreshing cocktails and retail therapy? The SALT Optics fitting party brings out the best!   
  What's in these Summer Sensations?  Yum!
 RT  The SALT fitting party is looking beautiful. Welcome       ...
 Thanks for the RT     
 What's in a Summer Sensation 
 RT  Tonight we welcome back SALT Optics - a fitting party, sure to be resourceful AND refreshing! Summer Sensation Cockta ...
 RT  The SALT of the earth: Sunglasses often meet any number of grisly fates. Whether they end up hurled from vertigino... ht ...
 Thank U! RT   Carrera & Ray-Ban of course.....thanks to St.Charles Vision for taking care of the blind girls lol.
 Thanks! RT  Salt Optic, cool So. Cali-based co., holds trunk show Thurs., 5:30 at Loa. Free cocktails, fittings + 20% discount
 Thanks to  for posting about the  Trunk Show in  tonight, 5:30pm at Loa 
 Can you pass the SALT. please?  Trunk Show tonight at Loa, 5:30pm 
  Fashionista cover our  Trunk Show this Thurs. Cocktails, free fitting, discounts... 
 Save-the-Date: June 19th  Loa in   Trunk Show with discounts, cocktails + 2010 Summer line 
  is Vision Health Month        
 Have you been tested for   Our high-tech equipment can detect as much as 7 years in advance 
  that May is  Vision Month? 
 You still have time to shop for   Check out  picks: 
 Day 4  - Come see us if you need some  - between Food area 1 and 2
  Sorry for delay. YES! We carry  and can order any Re-Edition frames you'd like at the Uptown + Severn locations
 Anyone need sunglasses at  Come check out our booth... Between Food Area 1 and 2   
 Anyone need sunglasses at New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival? Come check out our booth... Between Food Area 1 and 2: 
 Yeah! RT  Love a spontaneous  tweetup at the  tent w/   
 RT  Slow South News: sunnies and free fest tickets,  t-shirt tutorials, shop fest, and more
 BEFORE shot of our booth  - Soon to be filled with many, many pairs of sunglasses!  We still have some FR 
  Will you be at  Come stop by our tent- between Food areas 1 and 2.  
 Thanks for the RT all:    
 Do you know about our  promo?  FREE ticket w/ purchase of  (or any purchase w/ value of $149)  
  fashion tips from New Orleans Tidbits...  
  at    
 RT  Just checked out the map for  So much happening! Can't wait for it to start. 
 RT  OMG - Jessica Alba steps out in the WILDER!  I LOVE this summer frame!   
 Check out the  map... We will be right in between Food areas 1 and 2.  Get your FREE ticket at any of our 
 Check out the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival map... We will be right in between 
 FREE Jazz Fest ticket... What?!? 
  you have a FREE Jazz Fest ticket 
 FREE  ticket... What?!?  
 RT  Gerard Butler in Farrell  
 RT  Much thanks to  Elijah Wood wearing his O'Malley in a Danko Johnes video! 
 RT  Get Nerdy!   
  - Does Christina Ricci wear Nina Ricci?  Nope... Looks like  to me.
 RT  Scroll through the pics and you'll see John Travolta at the Australian F1 Grand Prix sporting one of our shades htt ...
 What is your favorite pair of shades  ??
   Vintage shades make a come back.  Just released this month!   Available at SCV 
 April's WISH  highlights one of our super   the 'Jackie O' by  
 RT  New Orleans  to 
  - Hangin' at the  Month Out Press Conference. We will be there with a great sunglasses collection - Count
 Check out all these celebrities sporting Robert Marc Eyewear  
  - Last photo from our amazing weekend in NYC... Javits Center Underground: Robert Marc Eyewear new releases are ab
  - New  frames - NICE! Any thoughts out there?  to 
 RT  Hugh Jackman is a huge SALT Optics fan. He pulled his Schroeder's out of his pocket, put them on during Leno.  ...
 In  checking out NEW  bevel , and Face A Face (from Paris). Get ready  coming back with... 
  - St. Charles Vision crew is in  checking out new  Bevel, and Face A Face. ... Will be coming back
 On ur  today bc of this beautiful weather?  is part of the   program 
 Taking pics of some   today with   - 
 More on CVS from  Treating computer vision syndrome 
   THX FOR THE RT!
 Did you know that Computer Vision Syndrome is a very real thing? Learn more...   
 RT  April is "Women's Eye Health & Safety 
 Nice RT  Sponsors of Desert Smash 
 Nice!  Maui Jim at Desert Smash 
 RT  Scott Fujita's parting gift to  
  Come on in - we have 6 locations in the GNO area: 
  How about us:  www.stcharlesvision.com Thanks!
 RT  FastCompany.com: Why You Should Start a Company in... New Orleans  (via 
 Gearing up for our annual trip to   What    would you like to see us come back with?  
 Did you know the  ( is an actual issue... The doctors   are here... 
 Looking forward to  +   There is still time to run out to one of 6  locations.  I think... 
 Thanks  for the mention on  - 
 Thanks  - Great  coverage here: 
 RT   Help  win $1M on Facebook w/ Chase & rebuild NOLA *Only NOLA/Katrina org in contest* RT!  ...
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "SALT.optics" 
  featured St. Charles Vision's Dr. Jeanne Herman in this recent article regarding VISION HEALTH - check... 
