 Kiss Phins season goodbye! RT  Kyle Orton deal is dead barring something unforeseen. All systems ahead with Henne as starter.
  Like I said, I don't think he should be allowed to be paid by the NFL - he should be banned. That's how disgusting his behavior is
 Finally! One of my favorite NFL guys is on Twitter! Welcome! :) RT  Thank you all for the warm welcome to twitter
  The Sports Hub listed his entire rap sheet yesterday on radio and it's too long 2 Tweet. You have to find it online. It's there
  Rapes were never proven, as sad as that is, and Haynesworth paralyzed a human being. I think that is worse. There's more too.
  He stomped on someone's head, for starters, and has been suspended multiple times for conduct detrimental to his teams. Look it up.
  Big Ben not even CLOSE to having same criminal record as Haynesworth - look it up. You can find all his information online.
  Yes, he is a disgusting human being.
  Has nothing to do with what team he plays for, I fully believe he shouldn't be allowed to play in the NFL at all. It's not funny.
  Yes, more reprehensible than Pacman. Look up Haynesworth's criminal record and you will see what I am talking about.
  Jan, look at incidents both on/off the field. Look at all the SH*T he has done. He is a disgrace. He is a worthless piece of crap
 Haynesworth is the most disgusting & morally reprehensible human being allowed to have a job in all of professional sports. Makes me sick!!!
  Don't compare 2. Moss not even close to being as disgusting of a human being as Haynesworth. Moss looks like a Saint next to AH
 In addition to being a lazy, fat slob & having no respect for the NFL Haynesworth also paralyzed someone after going over 100 in his Ferrari
 Happy day because he's a billionaire, crappy day for fans with no good QB RT  Happy day for Steve Ross as training camp opens
  Who Haynesworth? Like I said, anyone who has respect for him or who thinks he belongs in the NFL should have their head examined
 RT  Titans reach agreement with QB Jake Locker on a four-year deal worth over $12 million. Rookie holdouts becoming irrele ...
  Well that's been the Phins MO for the last several years.
  Yes we have...Phins just keep going round and round in the same circles...it's like Groundhog Day!
  I've always liked Ochocinco, but Haynesworth is reprehensible human being, and has no respect for the game of football.
  Belichick should be disgusted w/ himself for signing laziest, most disrespectful fat slob in NFL. He shouldn't be allowed to play
  I disagree, I think as an Owner of an NFL Team you have a responsibility to put the best product on the field for your fans.
  Chad Henne is NEVER I repeat NEVER going to do anything for the Dolphins or any other team. Not enough talent. Easy to see.
  Yea which means the Dolphins won't take him - because anytime they have a chance to do the right thing = EPIC FAIL. Poor ownership
 Like I said, I would not waste $ on Dolphins tickets this season, at best they will be 8-8. If they tank this season to get Luck even worse.
  Agree 100%. He can throw, but not very accurately. Too many interceptions.
  And what makes you think the Dolphins will use their Draft pick to get Luck? They have NEVER done the right thing in past 10 years
  I'm not convinced Henne will turn things around. He hasn't shown me anything that proves he has guts/talent to get it done.
  Why so they can mess up another Draft?!? Phins have proven they don't use picks wisely. What makes you think it will change?
  The point I am making is Sparano, Ross know their QB sucks and still did nothing about it - sign of a poorly Coached and run team
  Like I said, it happens and Dolphins D is much better than most people think. Not going to win with Henne. Orton increases chances
 At this point, I would take Mark Brunell over Chad Henne. RT  Wait, Brunell just got released! SAVED! ;)
  Teams get to SB's without elite QB's...not all time, but it happens. Have to give your team the BEST chance. Henne doesn't do that
  Anyone is better than Henne, I wanted them to trade for Orton - he is a proven winner, perfect fit for the Phins. Can't predict SB
 I hate both of those teams, but keep him out of AFC East - go to Cowboys please RT  Nnamdi is either going to be a Jet or a Cowboy
 The way I look at it signing Reggie Bush was just a PR move to get the fans excited/sell tickets only 2 take 10 steps back by not getting QB
 Disagree 100%! Henne is NOT answer. Not cut out for job RT  Well, Henne deserves another year. Most QBs take time to develop.
  No he doesn't he's had 2 years already and proven he can't handle the offense. He is NOT their future, not a franchise QB.
 There were QB's available in the Draft /FA/trades and the Dolphins did NOTHING. If I still lived in S FL I would not waste 1 cent on tickets
  Miami fans are disgusted, they have needed a QB for the last 10 years and have never addressed the issue.
 So after all Kyle Orton talk, the Dolphins settle on Matt Moore and he will compete with Chad Henne? Doesn't matter who, all their QB's suck
  Yes no kidding. Hence why the Dolphins will NEVER compete with the Pats & Jets because they are too cheap/stubborn to get QB
  Saw that earlier but refused to admit to myself the Dolphins could be SO stupid as to think Matt Moore is the answer.
  They are so ignorant...they think Matt Moore is the answer? I am so disgusted I may not even watch this season.
  Why is Ross saying they are confident in Henne now?? WOW, I am disgusted. I think he needs to get his head checked.
  And I care why? He isn't a starting QB or a franchise QB.
 If the Dolphins Coaching Staff/Owners are both A. Too stubborn and B. Too cheap to get a QB, they will never compete with Pats & Jets. NEVER
  With Orton still in Denver and no signs of moving anytime soon a lot of Dolphins fans are calling for Vince Young. Thoughts?
  Of course he looks much better than Tebow, don't know why Denver Coaches ever thought differently. Now Phins may not get him GRR
 Justin Bieber and  together for the first time on the practice field via  » 
 Nice to see Gregory Campbell taking Lord Stanley back to where it started   - 
 Well No one else has confidence in Chad RT  Ross: "We have a lot of confidence in Chad. We'd upgrade if anyone is available."
  Yes he is, were you not around over the last few years to witness Young's tantrums in TEN???
  Ha ha ha ha! Great  thanks ;)
 With Vince Young likely headed to Eagles as backup (head case) really hope when I get up in few hours Dolphins will get deal done w/ Orton!
 20 million guaranteed to Kolb & he has played 20 NFL games. That's $1 million per game. 11 touchdowns, 14 interceptions. 
 WOW. Good luck to Kolb! RT  Deal is done. Kolb will sign a five-year extension for over $63 million with over $20 mill guaranteed.
  Ha ha ha that sucks! I would rather watch hockey anyday than the Raiders! ;)
  6 years old when you started liking the Raiders? I can deal with Elway and the Colts ;)
  I don't believe in jinxes...
 And as I say that, Billy Butler (not to be confused with Marlborough, MA native Bobby Butler of the NHL) crushes a 3R HR off Beckett. Sigh.
  As I say that, he gives up only his 3rd home run at Fenway this season...DOH!
  LOLOLOL true story!
 Josh Beckett continuing his amazing season today...just dirty. Downright dirty.
 Wow, I'm sorry to hear that! LOL, I'd be more excited about Oilers if I were you ;) RT  my very first NFL team was Oakland
  Thanks AVD! GO RED SOX!!!! :)
 Saw  throw a perfect spiral when I was 10 and got hooked! RT  hey Amy doll how is it a NE girl cheers for the fish
  This is a beautiful sight, Lord Stanley + Niagara Falls! Dan Paille and Stanley Cup take a ride:  
 Agreed! Now defenses have to account for Brandon Marshall and Reggie Bush... RT  Reggie Bush great fit with the fins!
 Text of day from Pats fan: Fat Albert is a lard a$s w a sexual misdemeanor. Way to honor Myra Kraft's memory BB by trading for this f*cktart
  Didn't say it wasn't a "steal" said he is a useless fat piece of sh*t who has no integrity/respect for game. That is the truth.
  I've liked Reggie Bush since his college days and I am excited to see what he brings to an offense that sucked last year. Will help
  Don't even put AH in same sentence as Reggie Bush. One actually plays & respects the game of football. One does not.
 Can't wait to hear what  has 2 say about Haynesworth 2 Pats, because I know he will be REAL, just like he always is about life
 RT  He's 1 of the guys that feels he's above the law. If Pats fans think hes gonna be the new savior their mistaken 
  He's going to help the Dolphins offense tremendously, all I care about. Don't care what you think of him. ;)
 Happiest day as Dolphins fan in a long time. Now sign a QB!! RT  What do y'all think about Reggie Bush coming to Miami???
 Definitely! RT  Haynesworth did a good job of doing the worm in the game aganist the eagles. That's gotta be worth $41 million.
  Be honest with yourself, even most of Patriots fans who follow me on here can't stand Haynesworth. They are being real about it.
  Ricky doesn't love football, but he was honest about that from beginning even since college at TX. He's a very weird individual.
 RT  Last season, we were all killing Fat Albert for being the worst... teammate... ever. I'm sure public sentiment will swing ...
  Thank you DA!!! As always, keeping it real and not acting like Haynesworth is all of a sudden a GOOD guy, because he's not.
  From a guy who KNOWS sports: RT  But let's be real here: He's been a lazy, stubborn, overpaid jackass for the Redskins.
 Life is not complete without lobster raviolis from Legal Seafoods! :) RT  Never had toasted ravioli, but I will saturday...
  Is it October yet? Sick of hearing about these day-to-day hangnails/bumps/bruises for Red Sox that hockey players laugh about.
 With  joining the Dolphins, my tradition of screaming "R" names at games stands...RUN RICKY RUN, RUN RONNIE RUN, RUN REGGIE RUN!
 He is a disgrace to the  Shield. He should retire and eat away his $ RT  You go Amy love it! Glad to see him go from my Skins
 How about giving 0% for $41 million?? Now that's classy! RT  God forbid an athlete doesnt give 150% every second.
 Apparently,  didn't get the memo!! RT  um wow, anybody who follows the NFL knows he's a disgrace.
 A Patriots fan honestly just asked me how Albert Haynesworth is a disgrace...I've seen it all now. 99% of guys in NFL think he's a disgrace.
 He collected $41 million, sat on his fat ass, refused to play diff style of D. That's how he's a disgrace RT  He's a disgrace how?
  He refused to show up to training camp, practices or play after collecting $41 million - that is HIS fault. His actions. LOSER!!
  Ha ha ha...finally catching up on the morning's news?? Your'e way behind ;)
  He respects the game in the sense that he keeps his body in shape, shows up for training camp, practices and utilizes his talent.
  Don't put Vince in the same sentence as Albert. Vince is one of most respectable players in the game. Haynesworth is a DISGRACE!!
  Perhaps. Laughing to myself how many fair-weather, pink hat hypocritical Pats fans are sugar-coating Haynesworth trade bc he's a DOG!
  Hyde says even though he can't confirm Dolphins are willing to give up a 3rd rounder. Don't think they will get him for less
 $41 million not enough motivation RT   expected to speak. DO NOT underestimate his potential to motivate Albert on D-line.
 Did Randy Moss collect $41 million, sit on his a$s, get out of shape and do nothing? NO. He respects the game. Don't compare to Haynesworth!
  If I were the Dolphins, I would be willing to give up a 3rd rounder, they haven't had a QB in over 10 years. Time to step up
  Dolphins want to give Denver 3rd round pick, correct?
 On the phone dictating to Haynesworth his 1st workout RT  Bill Belichick running a bit late for his first news conference of camp.
  Hey, like I said, I have tremendous respect for the Patriots and BB, but this move is definitely one that everyone will be watching.
  Yes, I worked for Dolphins for a year too then for CBS for 3 years...I lived in South Florida for 7 years after college.
 Dumber than a 4th grader RT  Image of haynesworth standing by himself like a 4th grader in timeout during a D meeting on sideline
  Welcome to Miami  Happy day for Dol-fans ;)
 RT  Last hurdle to a trade between Saints and Dolphins was cleared when RB Reggie Bush reached agreement on a new 2-year c ...
  I used to live right near Davie, worked for Regent Bank, I live back in New England now.
 And 5 million worth of food! RT  Worst case they are out a 5th round pick and 5 mil of cap space
 Bill Belichick press conference: Let a fat lazy slob who has no respect for the NFL come play on a Super Bowl Champion team. Nothing to lose
  Never said you should be worried, but Pats fans being VERY hypocritical right now, ripped Skins last year, now he's one of yours
 Most people gain weight in the winter here in NE :) :) RT  I hope that the Bostonian winter will make him cool, give him poise...
 So here's what I've concluded from Pats fans who were RIPPING Redskins last yr about Haynesworth: BB is a God and stupid trades don't matter
  3 Super Bowl Titles means you can make stupid trades and no one cares...you're right. Hope Haynesworth passes the conditioning test!
 Finally an honest Pats fan. Thank you RT  I'm more concerned by his on field and off the field behavior... Got a lot of troubles...
  3 Super Bowl Titles means you can make stupid trades and no one cares...you're right.
  Ha ha ha, well then be honest about it and rip him because I can't stand "fake" fans!
  Only talent he has is shoving food down his mouth and collecting his paycheck while he refuses to play a new style of defense!
  He is the best Coach in the NFL, I agree, but I don't believe in God, so that argument is lost on me.
  I think you are lying to yourself. And I think Pats fans would be mocking any other NFL team right now, in fact I KNOW they would
  Comparing Reggie Bush to Fat Albert is like comparing a Mercedes to a Kia. Come on now, even you are smarter than that Dan.
  Just pointing out that any other NFL team would be the laughing stock right now for making this trade. He's a lazy fat slob!!!!
  Again, same old "Bill Belichick" is a God response. At least Randy Moss cared about his body & was in shape. HUGE difference
  He's the laziest guy in the NFL and he's already been paid over 50 million and did nothing after he got his $. He's not in shape!!
 I can't wait to see how all my Patriots friends spin this trade...because if Dolphins had just signed Fat Albert, I would be getting KILLED!
  Come on LZ I hope you're not apologizing for Haynesworth who really is a big lazy fat slob, just like Ryan Whitney said. NO RESPECT
 Big and round? RT  What kind of shape is Haynesworth in right now, after 6 months away?
 Yes as soon as they get QB (hopefully Orton) I will be happy RT  Dolphins doing what's needed to keep with Patriots and Jets
  One sack does not make or break a season...keep things in perspective.
 Doubt it, Twitter actually requires intelligence and exercising fingers RT   have to be careful he may have Twitter!
  He's been given over 50 million to have a shot ALREADY. Ryan Whitney said it best, what a lazy slob! Hope he tanks NO respect
  Any other NFL team signs Haynesworth, they get crucified, but because BB is involved, it will be considered a brilliant move.
 RT  I can't believe the Patriots traded for possibly the laziest, biggest idiot in pro sports.  Albert Hayneswortth is a slob.
  As always, thank you for keeping it real. Last year Boston media destroyed Skins for their deal with Haynesworth...now what?!
 Can't wait to hear what   have to say about Haynesworth becoming a Patriot!! 
  Huge difference, Randy Moss ALWAYS kept himself in playing shape, worked out, cared about his body. Haynesworth - not so much
 How long before Bill Belichick & Albert Haynesworth are doing a promo video/ad for Pats where they both actually pass the conditioning test?
  Ha ha, sorry, for me it's Bobby Orr...greatest defenseman who ever lived.
  He has never proven he wants to work, stay in shape or do anything since he got a big paycheck from Redskins. I disagree 100%
 Kyle Orton: 41 touchdowns & 21 interceptions over the last 2 years. And last year 20 with 26th-ranked rushing game & league's worst defense
 Any other NFL team takes a chance on Albert Haynesworth & they are crucified but because it's Patriots, will be spun as brilliant move by BB
 MIA & NO discussing deal for  As a lifelong Dolphins fan this makes me smile. No RB has more receptions in NFL since 2006 
 Laser Show extends his hitting streak to 24 games...longest ever by a Red Sox 2nd baseman and  gets his 1000th RBI 
 Better against Casey Anthony  RT  Security investigating threats made against Jerry Meals' family 
  Ha ha ha ha...since the Bruins won the Cup they can and will buy EVERY tab put in front of them!!! 
 RT  The Dolphins' pursuit of Orton may now hinge on ability to renegotiate his contract. Pricetag probably will be about a  ...
 NO NO for Angels' Ervin Santana - congrats! What a game.  
 Carlos Beltran will soon be teammates with Big Time Timmy Jim...  
 That's why you have 4 brown kids :) :) :) RT  Y does  have the prettiest blue eyes I've ever seen?
 With the economy down, Heinz is reaching out to new markets! Mmmmmm  
 That and Ovechtrick ad needs to go RT  Capital One needs a new ad shoot w/  Can't use this ad anymore 
 Just last week I asked  about the longest  game he had ever been a part of...today that answer is updated ;) 
 RT  Own a piece of the  Stanley Cup victory! Bid now on the carpet used during the  Presentation!  . ...
 Red Sox lost but Laser Show's hit streak still intact 
  Great point...Dan Snyder is probably the worst owner in the NFL
  Would love to see both of you on the course at the same time :P
 Amazes me that the Vikings are about to acquire McNabb for a 6th rounder in 2012 with a conditional 6th for 2013 to the Redskins. WOW. 
  Frosted mini wheats and orange juice??? 
  Ha ha ha, I will try, but that tweet was WAY too easy to poke fun at! ;)
 In a 19-inning game, mistakes happen, but more proof for instant replay RT  Home-plate umpire with an astonishingly blown call.
 In related "Who Cares" news, I just had Honey Nut Cheerios.  Raiders resigned their long snapper. I'm pumped.
 With Hasselbeck agreeing to multi-year deal with Titans and unofficially McNabb off to the Vikings Dolphins main focus still lies with Orton
 Another reason hockey > baseball. These guys can be such babies! Is it October yet? RT  Ellsbury night off, Youk nursing leg
  Ha ha ha ha!!!!!!! Nice ;)
  Be careful Garrett! I'm going out for sushi with my best girlfriend who I haven't seen in months. We need to get together soon!
  For now...he appears to be the front-runner
 Not again...ughhh RT  BREAKING - Tornado warning issued for parts of Mass. 
  How about his knee injury that he never really recovered from drove the suck into him...not the same QB. Brady is VERY lucky...
 My 87-year old grandmother is sexier than Snooki RT  Bugs Bunny in drag is way sexier than Snooki.
  Don't really think you can compare Pedroia to Jeter - like apples to oranges.
 Pedroia on  now - such a classy guy, classy player. Red Sox fans appreciate having a guy like him on the team!
 Sounds like a perfect night! RT  Out for dinner then copious amounts of vodka infused cocktails!  
 Yes RT  I'm a VY fan but between the 2, no contest. Plus Orton has a better arm, better decision making & has good chem w/ 
   Where are we going???
  He's valuable to a team like the Dolphins who are in desperate need of a QB.
  If he is such a great teammate, he will finish out his contract - 1 more year - and stop acting like a 5-year old. Grow up!!
  Like I said, Bengals President making a point & I respect him for standing strong. Palmer can waste away in retirement or play.
 For me, it's no contest between K. Orton or V. Young because Orton isn't a mental case and has proven he can be a man on and off the field.
  Completely disagree, with Vince Young, Dolphins have a chance to sign yet another head case and create locker room problems.
  And let's be honest, Palmer hasn't been ame QB since his injury and he probably never will be. His value has greatly decreased.
  I applaud Bengals President/Owner for standing ground. Too many players dictate what they want & refuse to finish their contracts.
  Well he apparently doesn't want to "rip up" Palmer's contract. And again, I applaud him for not giving into pre-madonna ways
  Ha ha no worries, just giving you crap...I can't play golf at all! But I can drink on a golf cart ;)
 Gotta love Bengals owner standing strong on Carson Palmer, not going to reward him for wanting out of contract. Either play or retire. 
  Denver has already said they are trading him - yes. So technically not a FA yea
   at the top! RT   Player Rankings are updated and 6 Red Sox are in Top 30: 
  Nice! Maybe we can meet up for a drink or 2! Let me know...I usually have Fridays off
 Tell him to come back to Miami please. Love, Dolphins fans ;) RT  Wes Welker chats with reporters. 
  Problem is, they aren't getting UP in the morning, maybe if they had more sex they'd be less volatile ;)
  Ha ha...I have been eating so much chocolate lately...but been too hot to eat much else so my pants keep getting looser 
 Dan Marino - oh wait. Kyle Orton RT  The free agent I want my team to sign is _______. Who's going to make the difference for your team?
 Being a Lions fan anywhere kinda sucks  :) RT   I know... I know. It doesn't help I'm a Lions fan in upstate NY either.
  He's going to remain on with the Red Wings Front Office for now
  Wow, that's surprising! I've already been to 3 Super Bowls...you need to catch up with the times!
 Much better than when Thornton was chilln' with Lord Stanley after Ducks won in '07 RT  And a break^BISH 
   I drink more Pumpkin beer and eat so much pumpkin pie for 2 months I don't have an appetite for anything else!
 As of right now, Orton & Hasselbeck are on the top of Dolphins list, with Vince Young being near bottom. DEL QB Pat Devlin will be  backup
  And you can bring up the 0 rings by Marino all you want, OLD NEWS...come up with something original if you want to talk sports.
 Good job by  going over current Dolphins situation on Sports Center. He needs to do more in-person interviews 
  No sh*t sherlock, but the teams who make the playoffs every year have good/elite QB's. 
 RT  Draper: I would like to thank Bryan Murray and Doug MacLean for making that whopping trade with Winnipeg to acquire ...
 Shipyard Pumpkin! RT  all of this football talk gets me pumped up for fall! Time for pumpkin spice latte's from  yet?
 RT  Cancer survivor & former  LB Mark Herzlich agrees to contract with  
   Miami needs someone better than Henne if they have ANY hope of competing w Pats/Jets. Orton/Kolb/McNabb all better
 Times have changed RT  Jim Kiick says contract he, Warfield & Zonk signed with WFL was "$3 million for 3 people for 3 years"
 Rangers rank third in the AL in runs behind Yankees and Red Sox, and put up 20 runs on the Twinkies Monday night. 
 There's more behind Carter/Richards trades than "partying" trust me. If every NHL player who partied too much was traded teams would be busy
  Looks like Kolb may be going to Arizona but Denver is ready to trade Orton, I think he would be a good fit in Miami. You??
 In just about 30 minutes NFL teams can sign undrafted rookie free agents and can also negotiate with, but not sign all free agents! 
  I wish I could tell you what I knew about Carter/Richards besides partying from another unnamed NHL player...explains a lot more
   Yes, good move for the Dolphins - they need a QB and I think Kolb is headed to Arizona
 I wonder if  is doing a secret "Beltran Dance" to increase Braves chances of landing him...makes more sense for ATL than PHI/TEX
  Ha I have never bought anything from Sky Mall! Not a good flyer so I like to drink & listen to iPod loud so I can't hear noises!
  RT  Did u know that when  was ten, Marino gave her a pair of his mittens. Been a huge dolphins fan ever since.
  Weird, because I'm not Pats fan...did you see my Twitter name?? WOW, Hello.............McFly??!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I suddenly have the urge to blast Hank Williams, Jr. and dance around in my Dolphins gear - ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL??!!
  Same here, woke up this morning with CMT on but hot country guys...Jason Aldean and Luke Bryan...
  Alex Ovechkin - Spy Island
 I honestly love the new Britney Spears video/song "I Wanna Go"   - she looks amazing. 
 RT  lockout ending on 7/25/2011? just so happens to be Walter Payton's birthday...somewhat fitting. RIP SWEETNESS
 Yes they do, love Sox fans :) RT  Kuroda is a good pitcher but I don't think Yankees really need another past-prime & aging veteran
  What are you getting today? I'm ready for an iced raspberry/mocha with a turbo shot! 
  Right here!!!!!!!!!! :)
  Yea I mean all McNabb did for Philly was take them to FOUR NFC Championship Games and 1 Super Bowl. 
   I will always think of Thurman as a Bill, not a Phin - for the record. Just need to talk to intelligent football fans
  LOL, but it's the truth!!! And you can handle it...that's what the BLOCK button is for! ;)
  No flying and tweeting ;)
  Ha ha he seems like a good guy, I think the people in Philly were WAY too hard on him, worst fans in the country live there.
 Agree 100% RT  Try to get Kolb, even tho he hasn't started a full 16 games. He's still young, and cld develop with Marshall
  I can't talk about it with anyone right now, I hope you understand! But soon ;)
  I have lots of Bills fans following me now thanks to 
  Ha ha ha ha, that won't make the season ticket holders very happy...no one wants to see a team tank the season for a  pick
 I can start planning my fantasy football draft parties now...doing at least 2 leagues again this year, maybe 3. 
  Ha ha ha the Dolphins can't wait that long! If you were Miami, would you want Kolb, McNabb or Hasselback?
  Brett Favre bonus clause - no more retiring/unretiring or texting pictures of his package.
 Since I didn't get this in yesterday, Senior Open not nearly as fun to watch as British Open, esp because no  & Adam Scott!
  You going to come out of retirement if Dolphins can't sign Rickie and Ronnie??? :)
  Ha ha very true! Now those same fans are walking around Boston with Stanley Cup Champions hats and acting like they knew all along ;)
 Jason Bay misses Fenway Park :) RT  Finally Jason Bay RBI single.
  Just FYI, Entourage premiere was VERY disappointing. You didn't miss much, but True Blood just gets better and better!
 Pedroia's hit streak at 21 games & Red Sox are 16-3 in July, best record in MLB. Where are all the Boston fans who were panicking in April?!
  Completely agree, I wasn't impressed with the Entourage premiere. Do you watch True Blood? LOVE that show.
 NFLPA is going to approve the new deal today, just a formality at this point, that being said, Dolphins better get to work on signing a QB!!
 With lockout ending, anyone who wants a concise, accurate timeline for NFL Owners/Teams/Players - follow  
  Chobani Greek yogurt and Reese's dark peanut butter cups 
 RT  Saw a man in his 30's today with his  baseball glove going to the Red Sox game.  Thats socially unacceptable after the ...
  What's good Ned...you still watching Bachelorette? Who do you think she is going to pick? Entourage/True Blood tonight, HBO = MONEY
 Grey Goose and Season 8 Premiere of  - life is good.
  Great point :)
 At what point do you start feeling bad for the Mariners? What a bomb by Youkilis, crushed that fastball. Green Monster still looking for it!
 Congrats to Terry Francona on winning his 1,000th game as an  Manager. 715 of those wins have come with the Red Sox. No too shabby!
 RT  Heard about what happened in Norway. Awful news. Thinking about the people who were affected. 1 persons actions can ru ...
  Oh boy...are you special!!!!!!!!!! My parents said you bought a house...congrats! ;)
 Looking forward to Joey Votto vs. Freddie Freeman! RT  Reds,Braves 8 ET on ESPN. Reds havent won b2b games since June 13-15.
  Yes, Pedro had one of the best seasons ever for a pitcher in 1999 ;)
  BORING! I only watch the World Cup, not even a big soccer fan in general. If no USA, then I'm not interested.
  Sounds fun. Just remember, your old man may be able to beat you at golf but he couldn't take you in NHL Skills Competition!
  definitely my favorite right now too  RT  " Who's your favorite country artist?" Jason Aldean
  Too funny! Seems like Twitter has a knack for bringing out the worst grammar in people! Would never win the  spelling bee
  Seems like players have won the cat/mouse game...they got rookie pay scale lowered, no 18-games, no 2-a-days & more $$ for retirees
  I'm going with the classic rattail...too funny!
 Bruins old school victory jacket that was awarded to player appointed MVP after each playoff game will be framed & hung in B's dressing room
  Just fly into Logan - only airport in Boston & as far as hotels let's wait and see as it gets closer, because online deals pop up
 Last Sunday I had the British Open, Women's World Cup Soccer and the Red Sox to cap it off...today a little more quiet in the sports world.
     From A. Schefter Deal is getting done NFL is coming back 
 Agreed. He's 100% healthy. RT  would almost look like Pedro '99 numbers if he had run support (sans Pedro's unreal K/IP ratio)
 Beckett looks like the Beckett who went into Yankee Stadium in 2003 and shut out one of the best lineups in baseball to win the World Series
  Still 95 in MA...been this way all week...afraid to see my bill next month 
  Yes, but I am a Red Sox fan, so other pitchers don't matter to me ;)
  Yes we do! Didn't you say there is one game in November when CBJ come to Boston? Let's plan on that game! :)
 Josh Beckett would have at least 4 more wins if Red Sox gave him any kind of run support this year...he is having his best season yet. 
 WOW RT   now outscoring their opponents 93-33 in the 7th after 3 there. They scored 5 in Friday's win.
 Found out about Amy Winehouse at work from Amy1...I'm sure I will get crap for this but she was her own worst enemy. Drugs. Alcohol. 
  Anytime the Sox can get a win from Lackey you know things are going their way...or is it just bc they played Mariners? 
  Another man down...apparently he didn't listen to  advice 
 RT  We need to get the NHL to let me write next years skit! Couldn't you see Getz and pears in the front seat and me in the bac ...
  I finally saw Transformers and it was amazing in 3-D...not sure Captain America is for me but everyone says it's good.
  Ha ha ha ha! I miss The Smurfs! Can't wait for the movie to come out ;)
 Did you use a loofah??  RT  Def. Just washed myself w shampoo b/c I ran out of body wash. Nice job me.
  Ha ha ha sorry I work a lot!!!! Finally had 2 days in a row off to enjoy myself! Now I'm broke ;)
 Best thing that could happen for Jason Taylor/Dolphins is for him to sign 1-year and end his career where he belongs in S Florida. 
  Saw the new Transformers last night...amazing....
 RT  Congrats to Jared Knight  on signing his deal with the Bruins. dont be surprised if you see him making some  ...
  Couldn't agree more...and I casually dated one and it drove me nuts...NEVER again!
 Agreed, smoking SO NASTY!! RT  I thought I saw my future husband this morning... then he pulled out a cigarette. :| 
  Well I guess that's that! Jobs are hard to come by right now though
  Great point by you EJ!!!! Hope your summer is going well...I miss  so much!
 RT  Yo  fired your long time caddy? Guess loyalty was never your thing.
  LOL just be careful...people have been fired for comments like that
 Hopefully your boss doesn't follow you on Twitter :) RT  My boss is having his yearly episode of being a bigger a$shole than usual
  Very good point Craig...kind of sick if you think about it...have some respect.
  Agreed, she is SMOKIN' I wish I had those legs that never end!!!
 RT  Heavy hearts this AM 4   family today as we pay respects to Myra Kraft who will forever be ...
 Crazy stat RT  71% of Americans (age 12+) are NFL fans, which means 185 million people anxiously await the end of the lockout!
  I think she's just as hot at Megan Fox, if not hotter. Just my opinion.
  We did see it in 3-D...
  Well said Mike G. How's your summer going so far?
 Cameron Maybin with a sick catch against his former team, robbed  of a HR!! Tied his career high with 4 hits & stole 2 bases.
  Freddie Freeman!!! 6th HR in eight games against Colorado this month 
 European Cup Vacation RT  New Puck Daddy: Chronicles of Stanley: Kaberle gets medieval; Krejci Cupbomb 
 Transformers: Dark Of The Moon is insane! Special effects are worth it alone and the new chick is SUPER hot, but Optimus Prime is THE MAN!!!
 Perfect hot summer night to go see a movie...Transformers here I come!
  LOL yes it would ;)
 I love that I am learning Spanish from JB - never knew how to say sweep! RT  Bariiida!! Ahora a seguir la racha en TX! 
   CLASSIC
   Maybe Mother Nature is a transvestite...
 It's so hot outside if Joan Rivers spent more than 2 minutes in the sun at least 3 parts of her face would melt...
 Her balls are sweating right now RT   for a woman, Mother Nature sure has some balls.
   I love all good red wines...not a fan of whites
   Ha ha ha this is hilarious...sushi, tacos, steak and beer...we all have different tastes ;)
  You must be extra tired from hitting that amazing walk-off homer the other night 
 When you're as good of a hitter as TT can get away with it RT   Troy Tulowitzki just walked out to Baby by Justin Beiber
   If you put sushi in front of me I can out eat just about anyone - Saki helps too! :)
 Hotter outside than Pedroia's bat RT  Barnes Field in Westfield MA (west of Springfield) has reached 101 degrees so far today.
 Had to be 4-5 eggs...ridiculously good! Turkey, cheese and mushrooms RT   impressive...that looks to be about at least 4 eggs!
 Tiny girls have appetites you know! I don't deprive myself ;) RT  such a tiny girl eating all that
 I ate almost all of it :) 
 Going to get the biggest omelette ever...or maybe some chocolate chip pancakes...can't decide 
 Gotta protect billionaires  RT  Guy on train asked me how I thought NFL Owners would vote. I said Republican.
 Just the  parading around with Lord Stanley, melting hearts of Canadians everywhere! RT  Brutal heat wave in Canada
 Still confused about Tiger firing his caddy...isn't that like firing your mechanic because you refuse to lube your engine and drive a KIA?
  My feedback is late but I respect your opinion about no more long albums, shorter EP's...iTunes has changed everything 
  Bluebirds hanging tough RT  Toronto's Brandon Morrow is 6-0 with a 2.85 ERA in last 7 starts (15 ER in 47 1/3 IP).
  But they have good beer at Coors Field 
   Classic! Drinking coffee now & waiting for "Did You Know's" as we speak, hopefully at least one will mention Red Sox!
  Ha ha ha...could be the tweet of the month!!!! Bruins fans love you even more now for saying that. 
  Great picture, pretty sure your dog is bigger than me ;)
 Perfect day for  mocha iced coffee w/ turbo! RT  FB4cast: Have you heard it's going to be hot today?! ;) 95-100.
 RT  Suck On That O.J.
 Sox win matinee game behind Miller. Dustin Pedroia is EN FUEGO has an 18-game hit streak, in last 17 games: .378 Average, 7 HR & .743 Slug %
  Hey Lesley!!!!!!!! Ha ha ha yes we both should have bought the $11 yoga pants at VS...just got home will text you now! ;)
 Heading out in my yoga pants to do some shopping and get a pedicure... would be proud 
 So what do my  followers think of DVD? Reviews? Shawn Thornton will be at Dick's Sporting Goods in Danvers from 6-8pm signing copies.
 Couldn't be happier for  & Lightning..classy organization, classy player. Now Bruins fans can stop he's not coming to Boston!
  Beautiful new avatar :)
 Ha ha RT  Osgood retires! Thank god. That guy gave me fits. Heck of a career though. Congrats to him.
  You can look at your list of followers and go back to the first page (it takes a while) and see who was first.
 Very sad day in New England. Wife of Patriots owner Robert Kraft, Myra Kraft has passed. She was very influential with team/charities in NE.
  Red Sox still in first...so I'm happy too...Pedroia is en fuego :) :)
 I bet  is happy this morning! Freddie Freeman hits 14th HR & now has 16 RBI in his last 12 games. Braves won 18 of last 24 games
  Agreed, I tried to tell  Logan Mankins wouldn't be back with Patriots but he didn't believe me.
 This Rupert Murdoch scandal just gets more disgusting, first whistle-blower is found dead...he should step down as CEO. So many lives ruined
 Blake Wheeler officially a member of the Winnipeg Jets...2 year contract: $2.45 million and $2.65 million as per 
  Is that because you feel so out of shape next to Marchand with his shirt off???? ;)
  This summer has been the best one ever since the Bruins won the Cup!!! Boston has been amazing to be around ;)
  I would be amazingly happy if McNabb ended up with the Dolphins!!!!!!!!!!!
  I tried to tell you the Patriots would lose Mankins but you didn't want to listen...blinded by your affection...use your head ;)
 After winning 1-0 less than 24 hrs ago, Red Sox & O's combine for 2 touchdowns as Boston wins 15-10, a sure sign NFL lockout is about to end
  Perhaps maybe if/when football actually starts again...and I don't mean preseason/training camp. Regular season
  I'm especially going to love it on my girlfriend's 109" projection screen TV!!!!!!!!!!! Watched Game 7 on that too.. 
   Getting up early to buy the DVD before I work today...can't wait to see it!!! There was a pre-order online too.
 The Finnish Flash 'N Stache! RT  Well Teemu is Finland's top moustachioed jock! gotta appreciate this one 
 RT  "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up."
  My Mom & I both have Masters Degrees and collectively we can't put together a "space-saver" I bought for towels in bathroom.
  18 years she picked his career over hers...about time Eric Taylor returned the favor!!! 
  Not too bad. Check out this video of ex-Av Joe Sakic winning $1 million with a hole-in-one on the weekend 
   - You guys should go to show tomorrow! RT   &  to appear on Tuesday's 
  Thought last night's Sox/Rays game would never end...16 inn 5 hours, 44 minutes! What's the longest game you've been a part of?
 RT  New Puck Daddy: Gallery: Boston Bruins Bear Photoshop Contest Roars Ahead 
  That doesn't bother me just happy 1st rd picks are getting 40-50% less, that always bothered me. Haven't proven a damn thing
 Classic RT   I give you the most embarrassing moment of my career. Even more embarrassing then money pic. 
 Team Jacob, but Edward isn't too shabby. Dark hair wins ;) RT  Seriously guys? No twilight fans!? Pure team Edward! 
  I think it means they are down to the small stuff, but could be interpreted either way...Jerry Jones is a tool anyways.
 This morning's Red Sox game 1-0 win vs. Rays (started last night) took 16 innings: 5 hours, 44 minutes. Longest 1-0 game in Red Sox history.
 Really bites! RT  Jerry Jones says  agreement is down to "circumsizing mosquitoes." That's good, right?
 Boys are done golf time for girls to shine!        
 RT  If u don't get choked up watching darren clarke win- something is wrong with u!! That is what makes sports!!
   Yes and why this country is the most obese country in the world...people drink and eat way too much.
  Logan is a great kid and great for the NHL. He will get in touch with you. He would look awesome in those pants, so does Rickie ;)
  I'm sure  would be happy to send you the same pants  is wearing today! What about the lid? Sick...
 Hard to believe Clarke is only 42??? He looks much older...I know both him and Mickelson have been through a lot but Phil has aged better.
 People like greasy breakfast food RT  What does it say about America that IHOP & Waffle House trend almost every weekend day?
 Dustin Johnson is not out of this...Mickelson is going to look back on missing those short puts...will be the reason he may not win this.
  British Open, Red Sox and USA Soccer! But go Jays!! Beat the Yankees!! And I hope  gets back in the lineup soon...
 TSA-Holes!!!!!!!! RT  If you don't think this Horton Cup story won't give me a window to snipe at airlines... You're wrong.
 RT  I hear the TSA's been having a field day taking pics with The Cup, glad they cut short a player's time with it. LOVE  ...
   Then don't butt into our Twitter conversations! ;)
 Really enjoyed yesterday when they paired  &  together isn't same today. 2 great young future stars of the game
 Lord Stanely has been located at Logan Airport but delay will cost Horton some time today with it...according to 
  Nowadays, I would suck him dry ;)
 I want to see what's under the orange outfit dammit! ;) RT  Agreed! I wanna see that orange outfit, dammit! Lol
 LMAO! I love creamsicles...would lick them dry as a kid ;) RT  Your boy Fowler looks like a walking creamsicle
 Happy for Clarke & Mickelson right now, but because they've separated themselves from rest of group, less Fowler coverage, BOO! 
  They need to show Fowler more, sick of these old men ;)
  And it's Rickie not Ricky ;) ;)
 WOW RT  According to Horton's wife,  Stanley Cup is lost in Boston & Horton's day may be cut short as a result
 Don't be jealous...he can wear anything and look good! ;) RT  Nice pants, Ricky Fowler.
 Up early watching the guys in the Open Championship...yesterday was wet 'n wild...today's conditions much better. Rooting for Rickie Fowler!
 And more antics from Lackey...ho-hum RT  Papelbon: 2.95 ERA in save situations, 5.51 in non-save situations. But  win 9-5.
 How can you not love  rain gear - always golfing in style  
 RT  Check this out.  is now on twitter. Supporting the goalie union!!! 
  I love watching the Majors...the British Open has been particularly interesting because it's such a tough course.
  He would look good in a burlap sack!!!! But his California style definitely attractive, love the flowing locks and attire ;)
 Watching these guys play through wind/rain in British Open makes things so much more interesting/dramatic. Rickie Fowler looks hot as usual!
  You will love this! Li'l  throwing out the first pitch before the Blue Jays' game ...  via 
 Happy Birthday! I'll leave predictions 2 experts RT  A windy and rainy birthday awaits Adam in another 2 hours. Predictions?
  Why do you hate golf? I only watch the Majors for the young and upcoming hotties like Rickie Fowler, otherwise boring on TV.
 RT  Well I'll probably have rain gear on all day...it's going to be a wet and windy one!! 
  Couldn't be more proud of Kaberle and rest of Bruins for bringing Cup back to Boston after 39 years. Wish him the best in CAR
  Yankees have given up 23 runs in their first 2 games to the Jays Muahahahahahaha   
