 Google+ Has Mark Zuckerberg's Attention, Shouldn't It Have Yours?  via 
 We're looking to hire a few good men (and even better women!) Could it be you? 
 Want to win a trip to Paris?  There's still time to get in on the  Referral Challenge! 
  We apologize for the frustration.  This should now be fixed.
  In looking at your account this morning and see you were able to cash out.  Sorry for the frustration!
 Exactly!  RT  Why Companies Must Create Online Communities  via 
  Thanks!  We're pretty excited.
  Well said!
 IZEA Acquires Magpie Twitter Advertising Network - 
 “To be persuasive we must be believable; to be believable we must be credible; credible we must be truthful.” ~Edward R. Murrow
 Awesome sauce!  RT    What r the odds of this popping up in my life? Coincidence? <3 
  Absolutely!  We love visitors.  ;)
  How fun!  Let us know how it goes. :)
  How fun!  Let us know how it goes. :)
  Great question!  Posts should always be in your own words.
  The URL is the address where the homepage of your blog is located.  It should begin with http://
  You're right that the old PPP used to have a referral program, but that article is from 2008. The current system does not.
  This link should help! 
  PayPerPost does not currently have a referral program, sorry!
 RT  Got to change the  LinkedIn profile from private company to public company today. That was really fun. :)
  Sorry about that!  Pete is no longer with IZEA, but you should hear back from Kate shortly.
  Whoa! Those are some pretty harsh words & generally not the case.  Is there something we can do to help sort this out?
 Stayed tuned for  big announcement this evening! 
  Fun!  Can't wait to see it.  :)
  Great!  The best person to contact really depends what the idea pertains to.
  We DO love skip day!  When is it this year?
 RT  If you love  live in the Charlotte, NC area & want to be on TV July 13th, please contact kateb
 Can't wait! RT  Connect with    &  a few more contrib. sponsors of 
  Are you interested in being a Publisher or an Advertiser?
  Please be sure to reach out to the team at 1-877-525-izea and thy will be able to provide you feedback on what we can do.
  Wonderful!  Have a great weekend.
 Just  a reminder that the IZEA offices will b closed Monday July 4th in observance of the Fourth of July.
 RT   Are you a fan of Sponsored Tweets? Be sure to like us on Facebook! 
 We'll be headed to  in Chicago in a few weeks.  If you're there make sure to say 'Hi' to 
 W00t! RT  Just picked up some swag for attendees of  Thanks  &  for items!
  As long as you have not added your blog as an Opportunity, we can switch this. Please send a ticket via the 'Customer Support' link.
 Want to win a trip to Paris?  Join the  referral challenge. 
 Congratulations  you are the Tag4Cancer.com iPad2 winner!!!  Please be sure to DM us your email for more details.
 RT   Bloggers that offer advertisers access to google analytics make 8.5X more dollars. ted.cm/iHPHQD
 RT  Morning, Oinkers! If you live in the Denver, Colorado area, love WeReward & want to be on TV please contact kateb
 Last call for  to claim your iPad! If we don't hear from you by 5PM EST 6.15, we will have to pick a new winner.
 We're looking for an HTML/CSS ninja to join our team  in Orlando. If you are interested, please email ted
 Congratulations  &   You have both won an iPad from the tag4cancer.com contest.  Please DM your email for details.
 Great stuff!  RT  The Real Numbers Of Social Media [VIDEO] 
 Awesome!! RT      I saw this and thought of you guys! 
  Yes, you are our winner!  We got your information & will be sending details via email this morning. Congratulations, again!
 Next up...Congratulations to   You are the latest iPad winner!!! Please DM your email address for more details.
 Want to find out how much a tweet is really worth? The 2011 social media sponsorship survey is up - 
 Great blogging tip, too! Use Stories to Persuade.  (via 
  Wish we could!  We've got all these legal contest rules we have to follow.  :)
 Last call for  DM us your email information by 5PM EST Wednesday 6.01 or we will have to pick a new iPad winner!
 And we're back!  Did you enjoy your long weekend?  We sure did!
  If it was for a campaign, there should be a specific address to contact.  If not, you can always reach out to am
  Wonderful!  Glad to hear it. :)
  We all miss you, too!  Hope you're having fun.
 What's been one of the most creative  you've seen recently?
 RT  Just read a blog that went the entire width of my computer screen. Margins, people. They make a difference.
  You wouldn't think so, would you?! Just need one simple response to a Tweet!
 Dear  Can you please DM us. You are an iPad contest winner and we need some info from you. Thanks...and congratulations!
 Enjoy,  Hope it's a great event for you. (cc: 
  No on  Most likely for  (that's the week after  New York).
 RT   please remember social media for restaurants's more than just coupons...engagement w/consumer is king! 
  Good to know!
 One last try,  Are you out there?
  That sounds like it could get incredibly confusing!
 Great site for bloggers, newbies and seasoned alike: . What are some sites you enjoy w/good blogging tips?
  Glad you received it! Thanks for all you do for our Community! 
 RT  What your favorite time to blog post?   <-- Good question!
  That's hilarious!
 Too funny, 
 Thanks for the  love,   Have a great weekend!
 Final attempt to reach  If we don't hear from you by 5pm EDT on MON re: iPad win, we'll have to select another winner. Thx!
  That's probably the case for many people!
  Did you try the 1.877.525.IZEA number? Perhaps with the time difference it was after hours?
 RT  Tip on Getting More Opps in SocialSpark: Check Your Account! 
  Thanks for that act of selflessness! ☺
 RT  Bloggers Don’t Predict the Future 
  Perhaps this will help: 
 Here's another one       .
 Thanks       for feedback on QR code useage. Great convo!
  Glad to hear all is well. Stay safe!
  Are you referring to  If so, then it means just that: link only in the post.
  Your article looked to be promising but unfortunately the bit.ly link doesn't work.
 RT  Customer Stalking – When Is Your Twitter Response Too Fast?  <-- Interesting conversation. Good points!
 RT  In case you missed it: SocialSpark Referral Challenge Hawaii Winner: Trip Photos  (cc: 
  Yes. And you're doing better?
  Props! Are you referring to  Tweetup in Orlando next month?
  LOL - nice try! ☺
 Hi,  Just a reminder about winning our iPad contest. If we don't hear back we'll have to select another winner. Thanks!
  We try to make birthdays at IZEA fun!
  Now THAT is clever. And a great opportunity on H&M's part to generate more revenue. Thanks!
  Yes, we saw the Old Navy one. That was a pretty fun use of QR codes.
  Just sort of piques interest that way, right?
  Yes, that one was very cool! Remember seeing that one floating around. (cc:  
  That's pretty creative. Do you think most people knew what they were there for? (cc: 
 What's been the best use of a QR code you've seen? 
 Thanks for the include, 
 Reminder to "social media specialists": Social Media is larger than just Facebook and Twitter. (via 
  Nice piece ()! Thanks for sharing.
 RT  Congrats to  You won a free  pizza from   and  Look for a DM soon.
  We'll be sure to keep that in mind! ☺
 Dear  Can you please DM us (we are Following you). You are an iPad contest winner and we need some info from you. Thanks!
 RT  11 Incredibly Simple Tips To Spice Up Your   /via   
  We don't provide Skype support. You can get help at , or by clicking on ''live chat'' at PPP.com.
 RT  Successful blogging starts with one question: How can I best educate & provide value to customers?
  Yeah, it was way too cloudy. Couldn't see it.
 It's so fun that we can see shuttle launches from the roof of our offices! We are lucky.
 RT  Blogger begins restoring posts as outage continues
 Back at ya,  You know we love our Peeps!
  You never know when we might be watching!
 Awesome,  We try to bring a little fun to Fridays.
 This week's ''Cheeky Tweets'' courtesy      and more! 
 RT  Thankful to the wonderful people behind  who've given me many wonderful opportunities. Love  family!!
  At least you have a plan. We just hope we stay on your good side!
 RT  Dont start a blog til you're damn good & ready to start a blog. It's a BIG commitment.  
  That's funny! Happy Friday to you.
  Sounds like a blast! What time should we be there? ☺
 We think Fridays are pretty cool! What are you planning on doing to make this one awesome?
 RT  My dog loves Rachael Ray's Nutrish we're trying it out thanks to  <-- Woo hoo!
 RT  Social Media Has Changed My Life and Ad Agency New Business 
 Bloggers: Some good tips for post writing! RT  Can you write a blog post in ten minutes? 
  Of course! We're always here if you have questions or need help.
 Do you pay attention to the Twitter lists you're listed in? What value have they brought you?
  No. Not even quite sure how that would happen! Each link should be a separate Opp. 
 Dear,  Can you please Tweet or DM us at your convenience? You were a winner in our recent Gemvara contest! Congrats!
  From two different Advertisers?
  You should be receiving something in the mail sometime early-to-mid next week. Keep an eye out!
 RT  Coming Up With Fresh Topics To Blog About  <-- Some good thought initiators here!
 5 Social Media Etiquette Mistakes to Avoid  (Great reminders for newbies and veterans alike, via 
 PRO Accounts Price Reduction in Sponsored Tweets  (If you have a  account, please read!)
 RT  Celebrities on Twitter: 30 Famous First Tweets 
 RT  If you're using  have you added tags to your blogs? Could mean getting more Opps for you! 
  Well good luck to you in your final push!
 How's it working out for you so far,  Getting lots of entries?  
  Awesome! Some of our folks will be there, so see ya in a few weeks.
  Well, that really depends on which platform you're referring to. If  then yes.
 Central FL Peeps: In town 6/1? Consider joining our friends at this Tweetup!  (cc:  
 What are your thoughts on Microsoft acquiring Skype?
  Thanks! Feel free to reach out if you have any questions!
  Are you having a specific issue? Have you submitted a support ticket? (cc: 
 Woah, thanks for all the love! We love our Community!   
 RT  Want more Opps in  You should add tags to your blogs!  
  Now Following!
  DM your address and size, and we'd be happy to send something your way. (cc: 
  Thanks for the shout out! Have a great weekend.
 The sweet smell of bacon is permeating IZEA Headquarters. Chops is one happy pig! (cc: 
 How Female Influencers Communicate Online  (via 
 IE Splash Pages Released 
 Growing Your Audience: Playing to a Sold-Out Show  (Got any other suggestions? Feel free to share.)
  Always! Thanks for the update, and good luck with your contest.
  Great! Thanks for the update!
  If you're still having issues, we can work with you on the Opp. Just let us know! (cc: 
 RT  6 ways for leveraging Twitter for your company  
 RT izealove: Have a lifestyle/general/entertainment/food blog & want FREE pizza? Email Freschetta Sorry, no Mom blogs this time!
 Received your DM,  and we'll be in touch via e-mail. Thanks, again!
  Done and done! Thanks!
 Dear  Can you please Tweet or DM us your e-mail address? You were selected as a winner in the Gemvara contest!
  We'll definitely get to it. Thanks! (cc:  
  Gladly!
  Thanks for the inclusion! We're honored.
 Hey,  and  did you see our Tweets about winning the Gemvara contest? Need some info from you ASAP! Thanks!
 Pretzel Crisps twitter outreach and humanizing their brand  (via  <-- Very clever, 
  So are we! Have you ever checked out our ''Cheeky Tweets'' that we collect and send out every Friday? Keeps us entertained....
  Unfortunately we stay away from those types of products/services.
  You bet! Thanks for continuing to be awesome.
  Ok - we will!
   - Now that you've had a little time to spend with it, what do you think?
 RT  7 Tips For Making Your Blog Posts More Readable - 
 Love your Twitter handle, 
 How to Engage, Attract, and Understand Customers  (via 
  Was interested in your link but it appears to be broken.
  Or are funny....
  Great - good to know. Have an awesome week!
  Is the PPP sign in still an issue for you?
  That's too bad! Please feel free to let them know they can contact us if they have any issues/concers with 
  And you as well!
 Cheeky Tweets for you on this Friday! Enjoy! 
 That's very nice of you,  We love hearing that sort of feedback. We'll be sure to let Anthony know.
  Yes, it is! If you ever pay a visit to Central Florida be sure to stop by and say hello.
 Protecting Your Personal Brand 
 Good tips for bloggers! RT  Five Tips to Make Your Writing Sparkle 
 Why thank you,  We're happy to be on board that train!
 RT  much love to the people at  !! <-- And back at ya!
 RT  The 3 Biggest Stories in Social Media & Tech This Morning 
  We are, indeed, located in Orlando. Downtown. You?
 Introducing PRO Accounts for Sponsored Tweets ( 
  That's funny. Very, very funny!
 That's hilarious,  We'd watch.
 RT  Great content with awesome SEO ~ a hybrid of the two is the winning combination. (via 
  Going well, our friend! What bad reviews? 
 Thanks very much for the support,  Back at ya!
  That's awesome! Happy we could be part of the celebration. (cc:  
  Your wish has been granted - we're now Following you!
  Now Following!
 Dear     You've won the Tweet contest for Gemvara! Can you DM us with contact info?
  Great to hear! Thanks for the update. (cc: 
 RT   We apologize for the delay. You should see all payouts caught up by the end of the day.  cc: 
 Thanks for including us, 
  Thanks for the love!
  Yeah, we'll just have to extend. No other choice, really. Hang in there!
  What campaign is it for? 
 RT   I would give Amazon a swift (insert foul rant here) for messing with my day via  and  ...
  Still nothing. Wish it were something within our control! (cc: 
  So true! Fortunately you avoided all the cryin' and buyin'. Enjoy the rest of your day!
  OK, that would've been an iFail...followed by an iCry!
 Vote for the Best Business Blog Awards (courtesy of our friends  and  
 RT  Now that the three big social media channels are quite cluttered, knowing how to stand out is even more important.
  Hey, we just like it when we land! ☺
 RT  Great music playing  today and a day off tomorrow! I'm a happy izean. :)
 Technical Issues with IZEA Sites 
  Glad you found the humor in that Tweet!
  Of course! Particularly when building/strengthening relationships with one's community. Thanks for the feedback!
 You've very welcome,  We wish you the best of luck! Keep us posted.
  Agree with most of those. A little confused about no. 6, though. Can you elaborate?
 Can you give some love to our Peep  and vote for her here?  
 Now Following,  Check DMs at your convenience.
 IZEA Closed for Good Friday (that is, ''Good Friday'' NOT ''for good...on Friday'') ☺ 
  Thanks for the info! We appreciate that you're staying on top of it!
  We'll definitely keep you posted, though! Hope your little doggie(s) enjoy! 
  The samples will be going out next week. You must be looking at the ''interest'' e-mail - we haven't sent official offers yet.
 RT  “Think like a publisher, not a marketer.” – David Meerman Scott, marketing and leadership speaker
 RT  Top Ten Mistakes to Avoid When Scheduling Social Messages 
  That's true. And it should be mutually beneficial for both the customer AND the business (not just the business). Thoughts?
  Well, thanks for including us!
 RT  Any Oinkers in the Jacksonville (FL) area who'd be willing to take part in a TV opportunity later this week? '' or DM us!
  Don't necessarily think that's true for all. We use it to connect with our Community. Any other benefits are just bonuses! ☺
  Well that makes much more sense! You can check out any openings we have here: . 
 RT  SocialSpark Referral Challenge Hawaii Winner! 
  Fantastic! What platform(s) are you interested in using?
  We can certainly do that! Would you please e-mail ashley[at]izea[dot]com with your addy/info?
 DMd per your request,  Please check at your convenience.
  Are you an Advertiser or a Publisher?
  You should head down south and visit us here in Florida!
   Thanks, guys!
  ☺
  Great! Thanks for getting back. Have a fantastic weekend!
 Ditto,  And we do what we can. 
 Well thanks,  Right back at ya. Did you get your issues resolved, by the way?
  Thanks for the continued support! We ♥ you!
  Why, thanks for the shout-out! Don't forget about  if you have a smart phone!
  Done! Now Following you....
  Thanks for including us!
 RT   I love WeReward  <-- We'll ''just say that'' along with you!
 RT  don't worry - most businesses make at least 1 or 2 of these Twitter mistakes at first   - Good tips!
  Were asking if you'd hot dog babied someone? Since you're now obviously a fan! Happy Friday!
  Have you HDBed someone today?
  Your wish has been granted! Now Following.
  It's babies dressed-up as hot dogs! :)
 It seems the IZEA offices are being infiltrated with Hot Dog Babes today! Have you ever been hot dog babied?
  Not quite sure we understand your question.
 You know you want one! At  Stop by our Booth (2534) and pick one up - we'd love to see you! 
  You bet! Happy to help.
  We've got our awesome Customer Love team ( looking into this for you.
 If you're at  San Francisco, please stop by Booth 2534 in the Exhibit Hall and say hello!  
 Thanks! RT The Alessandro Sordi Daily's out!  ▸ Top stories today via    
 Tweets that made us chuckle recently, courtesy of     and more! 
 Best wishes to our Founder & CEO  and his fiance  as they prepare to be wedded next week!
  Thanks for the mention! We're definitely in good company.
 RT  Thanks  for your wereward app and all of the pizza monies that I receive <- Love hearing it. Pizza - yum!
  It will certainly not be your last....
 Great way to start a Friday! RT  Pre-wedding cakeplow! 
 Yes, thank you! RT  Thank you  for a great massage  today!
 The Face Behind the Brand 
  All depends on the Advertisers currently using the system. One thing you may want to do is use less ''general'' keywords.
 RT  I am on the hunt for kick a$% web/mobile ui designers to join our talented team.
  That would be exciting, for sure!
  Now if only Twitter had a ''Like'' feature....
 IZEA at ad:tech San Francisco next week. Will we see you there? 
 Thanks for the feedback,   It's always good to hear what different practices work for people.
 It's diva day (music) here at IZEA Headquarters. Ever had one of those?
  Nasty earlier in the day, but has turned out to be fairly decent. How about in Mexico?
 How much time per week would you say you spend blogging (including brainstorming, writing, photographs)?
  For sure! We'll be sure to let you know if anything changes; thanks for your continued support.
  Better to chase than try to outrun, no?!
 RT  The *KC Kool * Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     
 Gee, thanks,  - rain again today here in Central Florida.
  And to you as well! Like that way of thinking.
 It suits you! Congrats on the Rockstar of the Month! RT  Loving the new Rockstar trophy! Thanks  
 RT  Social networks now surpass search engines as the most visited group of Websites.   
 RT  Love  Get Satisfaction boards! It's easy to get assistance when I need help, minor as most of these instances are.
    Thanks for the shout-outs!
  Sure did. And yourself?
  Thanks for sharing that info. We can all identify with that issue.
  Thanks! And yes...we did have fun!
 RT  Check it out  of  is today's Florida Trend Must Know Floridian, read his insights about social media...
 ''Sunscreen.'' RT  Turns out I have fair complexion. My arms, legs and face hate you right now wekiwa island (
  And you as well! Thanks for the love!
 Just a reminder we're closing our offices a bit early today.  Have a super-fantastic weekend!
 You're lucky,  We're expecting full sunshine here today though! 
 Glad to hear it (on both counts)! RT  My blogs' PR are back to what they should be in InPostLinks! I love 
 IZEA Offices to Close Early 4/1 
 Thanks for sharing those,  Great points that are often misunderstood. 
   Sounds like you guys are some of the few seeing rays today! (cc:  
 Is anyone in the US seeing sunshine today?!?! 
  Caffeine, caffeine, CAFFEINE!  
 Oh the disappointment! RT  Vote now for your favorite Location Based Service:   
 Gotta give a huge shout-out to this month's Featured Publishers: . They are    Nice work!
  We love them, too! 
  Thanks for sharing that link. (cc: 
 RT   Congrats on being featured by  <-- Right?! 
 Yes,  Our awesome  Team will be sure to respond. Thanks!
 Thanks,  Right back at ya. Have you submitted a ticket about your issue?
  That's a great list! Any that are more faves than others? 
 Sounds like you're making some progress,  Can't wait to see/hear! (re: Z =/= S)
 Casting Call: Nutrish (for SocialSpark Bloggers with dogs)   
 Comment Approval or Moderation? 
  That could be the name of a new product! 
 Just forwarded,  Let us know if you have any questions. Have a great weekend!
  Don't believe it's posted, but we can provide it to you. What's your e-mail (can DM it if you don't want to make it public)?
 RT  Any bloggers out there in Indianapolis? Or any of you know someone?
 You will be greatly missed,  Thanks for everything you'd done for this company, and good luck to you!
 RT  Any Oinkers in the Philadelphia area who'd be willing to take part in a TV opportunity?  or DM us.  
 Casting Call: Express (Yup...THAT express!)   
 Thanks for including us,  Unfortunately we could never get the audio to play. 
 Central FL Peeps: In town 6/1? Consider joining our friends at this Tweetup!  (cc:  
 Good content! RT  Sunshine Rewards Today's out!  ▸Top stories via    
 A Pier 1 Tweetup Coming to Your Area: Look out Atlanta and New York City! 
 ☺ RT   love four rivers BBQ! And their wereward pts aren't bad either 
 The smell of   has officially permeated IZEA Headquarters. If you've never experienced it, you're missing out.
 Thanks for sharing our post,  (cc: 
  OK, good to know! Thanks, again, for coming out and supporting both us and 
  How so? But it was an enjoyable experience, right?
  So did you enjoy being involved with the  yesterday?
 IZEA and ImageShack Partner to Form Largest Global Sponsorship Network 
  Fantastic! We had two in Dallas yesterday, and have a couple coming up in Atlanta very soon.
 We're happy to answer any questions you might have,   Just let us know!
  Thanks for co-hosting our  in Dallas last night!
 Cute...and colorful! RT  Fun stuff for outdoor eating & picnicking!    Pier 1 Imports 
  Thanks for the shout-out anyway! Wish we coulda seen you.  (cc: 
 RT  15 reasons you’ll never have an A-List blog 
  starts shortly! If you're in Dallas, will we see you there? (5pm CDT, Dallas Parkway) (cc: 
 Thanks to all who came out and supported the first  in Dallas. See you guys at the next one at 5pm! (cc: 
 laurie_pooh:  Okay. Just checking! There'll be lots of gift cards & goodies to entice you! ;-)  <- Yeah there will
 Have you given our Facebook Page a little love lately? 
 Hey,  Did you see our posts about the  headed your way next month? Come out and meet us?!
 Well if you're that close,  you have no excuse! Besides, you COULD win a nice gift card! (cc:  
 Looking forward to it! RT  So excited for the  in  tonight! You should join me! 
 Loving this! Looks like Spring is in the air at   (
 Thanks for the Tweet,  
 Gearing-up for  today in Dallas! Who's with us? (12pm CDT, Medallion Center) (cc: 
  Of course! Whenever you can make it. We're giving away prizes, just FYI (must be present to win). 
 Facebook's iPhone App To Let You Check In to Events  (via 
 RT  I heart  and  I just got an amazing opportunity! :) <-- Love hearing stuff like that! ♥
 Looking forward to our Pier 1 in-store Tweetups in  today! If you're in the area, join us?! 
  Simple Geo Checkins 
   You guys are too funny!
 Casting Call: Nutrish 
 Great weekend,  Yourself?
 RT     I'm sure we can loop in  and convince him to pay for a  party bus in Rio
 RT  Join me &  on 3/22   for fun & prizes from 5-8 PM. RSVP:   
 just gave away a handful of our t-shirts to a charity org at  It's for a good cause!   
 Great,  We'll keep you posted!
 We've filled it for now,  but will let you know about future Opps!
  Forget your green today? Stop by our booth (207-209) and pick-up a fancy green t-shirt...on us! Last day! 
 Yup! RT   How cool! Those  folks are super rad. When someone tells you to get on the bus, get on the bus. Haha. ;)
 Hey,  We received your nice e-mail, and are happy to now have you as part of our Community! (cc: 
  OK  - thanks for letting us know!
 RT  We're hiring  
 Thanks for the love, 
 If you're at  be sure to stop by our exhibit space (207-209) to earn 100  points by taking a photo of the booth!
 Dear You may contact our Sales Team at the toll free number listed on PayPerPost.com. 1.877.916.POST. Thanks!
 A Pier 1 Tweetup Coming to Your Area: Look out Dallas, Atlanta and New York City! 
  Glad to hear it! Thanks for joining us. (cc:  
 RT  WeReward Announces Integration with Leading Email Service Provider  - 
 That's one colorful bunch! RT  The IZEA crew at  
 MEATZEL! RT  Hey I am having lunch & someone here has  schwag!! I want. cc: 
 Thanks for the support,  Hope you're enjoying 
 If you're at  download the  App and check-in for 100 points. That's $1 just for letting us know you're here!
 Word! Thanks for joining! RT    booth is cool. their bus is rad! win:win  
 Thanks for the love,  
 RT  10:30 pickup here we come  the Omni Austin 
  Thank you very much for your feedback. It truly is important to us, and we'll look into this.
 Hi,  Any chance you can elaborate about this advertiser? You can DM if you'd like and we'll look into it for you.
 Setting up at  If you're here stop by and see us (trade show opens tomorrow)! 
 Have a great weekend, Peeps! Don't forget if you're in Austin for  stop by our booth next week and say hi. Or give us a hug. Or both!
  Thanks for the ''fantastic-alness'' today. You made our Friday!
  Thanks! Glad you found it useful.
  Great...and awesome! You should get that on video - we'd love to see it.
 Still Relevant: Marketing, Branding, and Networking FTW! 
 Do you keep your visual brand consistent? Do you even think it's important? 
 WeReward Simple Geo Checkins coming very, very soon! Details here: 
  Great! We'll look forward to seeing you at the 5th Avenue  next month then!
  Late April! Details are on our company blog at . 
 Thanks to all who came out and supported our  Tweetups in Orlando today! Up next: Dallas, Atlanta, and NYC. 
 Big shout-out, again, to  for helping us out at the Millenia  earlier this afternoon! Fun times!
 Congrats to Carmella who won our first Hunter's Creek  You go, girl! 
 First gift card giveaway at Hunter's Creek  in 20 minutes! Must be present to win.
  Will take note of that!
  Next time?! 
 Gearing up for 2nd  of the day. If you're in Central Florida stop by the Hunter's Creek store to say hello - we have prizes!
 Look at this great table  put together at  Millenia  Nice!
 Congrats to our two gift card winners at the Millenia  So exciting! 
  Wish you were here in Florida. You could come join the  for your chance to win!
 Giving away our first  gift card at 1pm, Millenia Tweetup! Must be present to win! 
 RT  Tweet Up time come on out for your chance to win $50 Pier 1 gift cards (  (Yay!)
 Come visit us at the Millenia  today from 12-3pm! Bloggers! Prizes! Oh my! 
  You're in good hands.
  Of course it is. But...it's true!
  Your best bet is . Or there's a toll free number on the website!
  You would be silly not to! 
 Five Lies About Social Media Marketing  via 
  You can find our support forums at help.izea.com or reply with your question here.
 Wow!  Haven't seen that in a while.  :) RT     look familiar? 
  I asked around and see you have already been in touch with jaimieg so you're in good hands.  :)
