 RT  Making  mobile with ITS Trucker, check it out at itsmobileappstop.com
 Internet Truckstop will be heading to Dallas, TX for  on August 25-27th at booth  Will you be there?
 Have you checked out the smartphone apps that we have available? Check out  for more information!
 Load & truck availability dipped this week according to our Trans4cast Newsletter. What is your prediction for next week? www.trans4cast.com
 Our Trans4cast Newsletter states that the Market Demand Index shot down from 14.71 to 11.00. What does this mean to you? www.trans4cast.com
 Introducing CACCI - Internet Truckstop is proud to announce the launch of 'CACCI', an insurance monitoring product t... 
 Internet Truckstop is proud to announce the launch of CACCI, an insurance monitoring product!  Click here to read more: 
 We are at the  Truckers Jamboree today! Stop in & say hello to our very own Pat Dickard & get all of your ITS questions answered!
 Did you notice which 10 states had the most load availability last week? Ohio was one of them! To see the other 9 go to www.trans4cast.com.
 Load availability plunged 22% this week. Do you have a strategy to find good loads when availability drops? Check out www.trans4cast.com
 Learn how to be precautious with suspicious emails. Read this IT Internet Truckstop Magazine article today!  page 8.
 Join us for today's webinar: Finding Freight at a Better Rate & Beating That IFTA Tax Deadline! Click here to register: 
 Load availability decreased 3% this week, will this affect you? If you would like to read more trends head to: www.trans4cast.com
 Internet Truckstop wishes you all a happy 4th of July weekend! Drive safe & relax!
 Get the inside scoop of how FedEx Truckload Brokerage builds strong relationships with their carriers! Read it here: 
 The ITS Market Demand Index dropped 3% last week. Do you have any tips for those that may be effected by this? www.trans4cast.com
 Happy Friday! Our May/June  IT Magazine is now available online, featuring the FedEx Logistics Team! Click hereto read: 
 Have you noticed our new addition to the load line, PC Miler?  How valuable is this to you?
 Hey Carriers! In your experience, what is the average time it takes to become paperwork approved by a new broker? 
  Thank you for your comment! That is great to hear!
 Have you checked out 'PC Miler' on our load line yet? It was introduced to truckstop.com two weeks ago! What are your thoughts?
 Are you able to find the lowest fuel on your route? If not, we can help with FuelDesk Plus! Call & ask about this product at 800-203-2540!
 Last week load availability dipped down but this week made up for it by shooting up 25%! To see more trends go to  www.trans4cast.com.
 To learn tips & tricks to succeed when availability is low, stop in and visit with Pat Dickard at our booth  at 
 Tomorrow our very own Pat Dickard will be at  booth  Stop on in & get all of your ITS questions answered!
 If fuel prices have got you discouraged, let us help! Click here to register for today's webinar: 
 Our very own Pat Dickard has a special invitation for you! Click here to see what he's up to: 
  Great! Can't wait to see you there! We will be at booth  Stop on by!
 Load availability lowered 12% this week. Will you be affected by this change? For more transportation trends head to www.trans4cast.com.
 Next week ITS will be at the Great West Truck Show  in Las Vegas, NV! Will you be in attendance? We hope so! 
  Hi there! ITSTrucker is available for the Android! Check it out at ! Thank you for the inquiry!
 Improvements Deployed On Truckstop.com - This week was a great week to deploy some fantastic enhancements requested ... 
 Are you having trouble finding and qualifying shippers? We can help! Click here to register for today's webinar: 
 With truck availability down, finding a truck is harder than usual. Join our 'Finding Trucks' webinar starting  CDT: 
 We hope that everyone had a great weekend! Truck availability took quite a dip this week, lowering 11%. Find out more at www.trans4cast.com.
 We wish everyone a happy Memorial Day weekend! Stay safe driving on the busy roads!
 Load availability dipped .01% from last week. See which 10 States had the most load availability at www.trans4cast.com.
 Do you wish that you could see a Broker's "Days2Pay" while for loads? Call 800-203-2540 and ask for more information on CreditStop®  Broker!
 Tomorrow's webinar is "Finding Trucks." Let us help you & your business! Register here while seats are still available: 
 Equipment rates decreased this week, but by only 1% to $2.16. See more transportation trends at www.trans4cast.com
 Equipment rates rose 4% last week. Will the rates continue to climb or go down? Find out Monday morning at www.trans4cast.com.
 Today is your last chance to attend our 'Carrier Clear' webinar! Click here to register while space is still available: 
 Truck availability rose 5% this week compared to last week! How will this affect the way you do business? See more at www.trans4cast.com.
 New enhancements updated to truckstop.com this week! - The launch of the new truckstop.com (ITS2)was a year ago yest... 
 Did you know that ITS & Pro-TREAD have teamed up to provide you with computer-based driver training? Click here: www.truckstop.com
 Great new enhancements were deployed to truckstop.com yesterday! Check it out on www.truckstop.com
 Hi  Can you call us at 800-203-2540 ext 110 to report this issue or better explain what is happening? Thank you!
 An article in our ITS magazine (pg. 10) has great tips to help you establish good business relationships! 
 The ITS Market Demand Index decreased by 1% this week. We can expect a plateau as we go further into May. For more information & trends,...
 The ITS Market Demand Index decreased 6% last week- will it continue to go down this week? Find out on Monday! www.trans4cast.com
 Having difficulty finding trucks? We can help! Join us for a webinar today at 1:00 CDT! Click here to register: 
 The ITS IFTA webinar begins in an hour and a half and registration is almost full! Click here to save your spot: mhttp://bit.ly/i7E3Lj
 Have you filed your IFTA taxes yet, the deadline is in 4 days! Click here to register for the ITS IFTA webinar: 
 Load availability declined 6% this week, did truck availability go up or down? Check it out here: www.trans4cast.com
 Truck availability grew 2% last week! Will it go up, down or plateau this week? See for your self on Monday: www.trans4cast.com
 The March/April edition of the IT Internet Truckstop Magazine is available online! Read it here: 
 The ITS Market Demand Index declined this week to 13.47. What is in the forecast for this upcoming week? Find out here: www.trans4cast.com
 We are in Cincinnatti, OH for  until tomorrow! If you are in the area or are attending, stop by booth 544!
 Don't forget to tune in today for the "Coverage While On The Road" webinar! Click here to register: 
 Tomorrow we are offering a webinar on 'Finding Trucks' for ITS customers! Click here to register: 
 The ITS Market Demand Index decreased 10% from last week, but continues to stay at a high number! See more trends at www.trans4cast.com.
 The ITS Market Demand Index grew this week 7% from last week! Will it continue to grow? Find out on Monday: www.trans4cast.com
 Introducing ITS Trucker & other new enhancements! - Introducing ITS Trucker! ITS Trucker is a smart phone applicatio... 
 ITS Trucker is now available for the iPhone & free to ITS customers! Why wait? Try it today!
 The  was a great success this year & we had a great time! Did you enjoy  2011? How did you like our booth?
 We will be heading to the Papa John's Pizza Party starting  tonight at MATS! Look for the truckstop.com shirts in the crowd!
 Lindsay Lawler is performing at our  booth  & will be here until 2! Stop in & watch this amazing performance!
 Day 2 at  Stop by our booth  to learn about our new products, meet friendly people & gear up to watch Lindsay Lawler at Noon!
 Look for these signs hanging in the N. Wing to help you locate our booth  See you at 
  We are at MATS and ready rock! Come check us out at booth 
 ITS Trucker is now available for the iPhone & free to ITS customers!   Download yours today!
 Katie Moser, uDrove, Leigh Foxall, ITS & Bob Lee, Roady's Truck Stops with Dave Nemo at the studio this morning! 
 Who will be at our booth at  Zack with ITS Mobile Stop, who will be selling phone accessories!   See you there!
 Internet Truckstop will be on 'The Dave Nemo Show' tomorrow at 8:35 a.m. Eastern Time! Tune in to see what we have been up to!
 Check out this video of Pat & Laura as they gear up to head to   
 Who will be in our booth at   Laura will be showing of new products & truckstop.com! See you at the 
 The famous Idaho Spud bar!   stop by booth  at MATS and try this unique treat!
 Who's in our booth  at   Meet Debbie & Karma! They will be showing you the benefit of D&S Factors!
 What's new with truckstop.com this week? - Another week and a few fantastic new enhancements were pushed to our site... 
 Who will be in our booth at  Meet Ian McDougall, ITS Dispatch! Stop by to learn about ITS Dispatch & say hi to Ian!
 Who will be in our  booth? Meet Pat Dickard: He will be showing you how our products can increase your profit!
 Linsday Lawler will be in our booth  at  | April 1st from 12-2| Stop in for an incredible  performance, autographs & giveaways!
 Internet Truckstop is gearing up for  next week! We are looking forward to seeing everyone in our booth  Will you be attending?
 Internet Truckstop had a great success at  If you missed us & we will be at  starting March 31st at Booth 
 Come by the Internet Truckstop / uDrove booth  at TCA to hear Lindsay Lawler, country recording artist! 
 We are in sunny San Diego at  & are very excited to have Lindsay Lawler performing at our booth  today! Stop by and say hello!
 We are here in sunny San Diego at  & very excited to have Lindsay Lawler performing in our booth  today! Stop in & say hello!
 TCA is only 2 days away! We are looking forward to the warm weather and visiting with you at booth 801. Don't forget to stop by!
  Thank you! We think so too! We appreciate you letting us know & thank you for your support! Enjoy the new look!
 New polished look at truckstop.com! - The new polished look of truckstop.com has been unveiled! Based on customer fe... 
 Internet Truckstop will be deploying a new polished look to truckstop.com today! Come see us shine! www.truckstop.com
 Internet Truckstop is the only load board with an instant messaging feature! Stop in to truckstop.com & try ITEX today!
 No more busy signals, no more wasted dollars, no more lost time! Try ITEX, our new instant messaging feature today! 
 Salute to Women Behind the Wheel at MATS! - Internet Truckstop is looking forward to the Mid-America Trucking Show f... 
 Performing in our Booth  on March 13th at TCA is Lindsay Lawler! We hope you all will join us in San Diego! 
 Have you read our January/February issue of the IT Internet Truckstop Magazine yet? Check out Sherri Fronko on the cover! 
 Who will be performing at our Booth  at  on March 13th? Hint  This picture might help:   Any guesses?
 Who will be performing in our Booth  March 13th at TCA? Hint  She sings the song "Highway Angel!"
 Who will be performing at our booth  at  March 13th? Hint: She sings the song "Highway Angel!"
 An affiliate company to Internet Truckstop, uDrove, is now on Facebook! Check them out here:  & like them!
 Stay tuned next week to see who will be performing in our booth  on March 13th at the Truckload Carriers Association Annual Convention!
 We are happy to have renewed our corporate membership with    We are looking forward to your reception at 
 ITS is offering 2 great webinars this week to customers: 'Finding Freight' on Wed. & 'Finding Trucks.'  on Thur.  1 CST. See you there!
 We will be at  -Booth  March 13th  - 15th & at  Booth  on March 30th - April 2nd! We hope to see you there!
 We will be at  the Truckload Carriers Association Annual Convention, March 13th -15th at Booth  801! Will you be attending?
 Join us today for an ITS Business Development Webinar: Finding & Qualifying Shippers and Negotiating Rates! Click here: 
 Do you check weekly equipment rates as a negotiating tool? www.trans4cast.com
 Tomorrow is the last of our 6 week ITS Business Development Webinar Series!
 Join us for the ITS Business Development Webinar Series! Our next session is tomorrow! Click here for more info: 
 Have you registered for Wednesday's ITS Business Development Webinar? For more information click here:
 Internet Truckstop presents a free webinar series! Click here for more information : 
 We will be at the  on Oct. 16th & 17th! Come visit uDrove & Internet Truckstop  Booth  Hablamos Espanol!
 The  is only 3 days away! If you are in the Pomona, CA area, we would love to see you! Booth  352
 New enhancements were made to ITS2 yesterday & Auto Match is here! Try it out & let us know what you think!
 We will be at the Golden State Truckng Expo on Oct. 16th & 17th AND at ATA October 17th & 18th! Hope to see you there! 
 Internet Truckstop is heading to  2010 Oct. 17th & 18th! We are looking forward to meeting new people & seeing old faces!
  We are absolutely looking forward to another 9 years, plus! Thank you again for taking the time to come visit us!
 Thank you for 9 years of business with us  We were honored to have Aaron & Charles in our building yesterday!
 Is there anything we can help you with today? Find Freight Fast with Internet Truckstop!
 Roadys Truckstops!
 Preparing for the  Hope everyone is going great & finding freight as fast as possible!
 We are heading to Pomona, CA for the  - Oct. 16th & 17th! Will you be there? We will be at booth 
 Is there anything we can do to help you today  Or any questions we can answer for you about truckstop.com?
 Happy Thursday  We are hoping the roads are safe & you are finding freight quickly!
  Thank you! We couldn't do it with out you!
 Thank you all for a great, successful  See you next year! 
 We're at  & our booth  has something pretty cool in it! If you are a NASCAR fan, you won't want to miss it!  GATS Day 2!
 Our sister company, uDrove is with us at  booth  Check out today's press release:
 We will be at GATS in 2 days at booth  Can't wait to see you! Register for our ITS Roadshow : www.truckstop.com/ITSRoadshow 
  Thank you so much Gustavo!
 Did you check out our new blog post yet? 
 We have a new blog post up! 
 We will be at  booth  Come stop by & get a demo of our load board!  Aug. 26th - 28th!  
 We are preparing for GATS! Don't forget to stop by booth  Also the ITS Roadshow will be there too! www.truckstop.com/ITSRoadshow!
  Thank you for your comment! We appreciate you & your business!
 On July 24th,1995 we started w/ 0 searches & 0 loads.Now we have the largest loadboard & the most freight!Thank you for 15 yrs!
 Photos are up of our Open House & 15th Anniversary Celebration! Enjoy! 
  Were you all able to make it to the Open House on Saturday? How is everything doing in Boise! :)
 Our open house was a success & we are proud to say that we have been in business for 15 years! Thank you to our customers!!!
 Keep up to date on truckstop.com site enhancements and ITS news at news.truckstop.com
 We can't say thank you enough to our customers! We appreciate your business! Thank You!
 Did you mark your calendar for July 24th? We are opening our doors to the public & would like you to celebrate our 15th anniversary with us!
 Did you look at our ITS2 Spanish Tutorials? Hopefully you found them helpful!
  We don't have any postitions open at this time. Keep an ear out though, you never know when one will open up!
  Not quite! We are having an Open House on July 24th from 10-2! After that we will be up & running there!  You should stop by!
 We now have our tutorials in Spanish up! They are located with the original tutorials! Let us know what you think!
  I'm so glad you guys will be coming! It will be great to network with you! Can't wait!
 Join us as we celebrate 15 years in business! Our doors will be open on July 24th from 10-2! Come say HI! Tweet for directions! 
 We wish you all a safe and happy 4th of July weekend!
 4th of July weekend is almost here! Anyone doing anything fun?
  Thank you for the  We appreciate it!
 Check out  for a list of the enhancements we made to ITS2! Please comment with any questions!
 Deployment is now complete! Enjoy the new features!
 ITS customers with Oasis Bonds- please contact us! We have valuable information that we would like to share with you! 
 ITS Customers with Oasis Bonds: We have very important information about your bonds. Please contact us immediately for more information.
 Here's your chance to come visit! Internet Truckstop is opening it's doors to the public! Come visit us July 24th,10-2 in New Plymouth, ID!
 We are attending another great webinar with   
 Have you been waiting for a great opportunity to visit our office in New Plymouth,ID? Stay tuned tomorrow to see what that opportunity is!
  No problem! Glad it helped! Let us know if you have any more questions! Have a great day!
 Are you paying MORE for a load board with less freight? The most freight, the most value! truckstop.com 800-203-2540 ext. 110  
 Are there any questions we can answer for you today? ITS2, product curiosity, Roadshow inquiry? We are here to... 
 Are there any questions we can answer for you today? ITS2, Product Curiosity, Roadshow Inquiry? We are here to... 
 Are you in the Minneapolis area and want to attend a user conference presented by Scott Moscrip, CEO of Internet Truckstop? Let us know!
 ITS Roadshow 2010 is headed to Minneapolis, MN! Register here: www.truckstop.com/ITSRoadshow 
 Do you live close to Minneapolis, MN & will be in that area on June 29th? Scott Moscrip, founder & CEO of Internet... 
 Do you live close to Minneapolis, MN & will be in that area on June 29th? Scott Moscip, founder & CEO of Internet... 
 Did Flatbed rates go up or down this past week? www.trans4cast.com 
 Find out what the MDI is for this week, which State has the most load availability & lowest fuel prices & MUCH MORE! www.trans4cast.com
 How do you like the new features we added to truckstop.com last week!? How is ITS2 treating you? 
 How do you like the new features we added to truckstop.com last week!? How is ITS2 treating you? 
 A new blog post is up! Find out what new enhancements were added to ITS2 yesterday!
 A new blog post is up! Find out what new enhancements were added to ITS2 yesterday!
 A new blog post is up! Find out what new enhancements were added to ITS2 yesterday! 
 A new blog post is up! Find out what new enhancements were added to ITS2 yesterday!
 Did you go to the ITS Roadshow in California yesterday? What did you think? 
 New features have been deployed to truckstop.com, so you should not be experiencing any more interruptions! Thank... 
 New features have been deployed to truckstop.com, so you should not be experiencing any more interruptions! Thank... 
 We will be at booth  on the Great West Truck Show starting tomorrow! Hoping to see you all there! 
 Internet Truckstop is currently pushing updates and feature enhancements to truckstop.com. You may experience minor... 
 Are you in the Ontario,CA area today? It's not too late to register to the ITS Roadshow 2010 presented by Scott Moscrip 
 We have a new Meet The Team employee! Meet Jaime Escobedo! 
 We have a new Meet The Team employee! Meet Jaime Escobedo!  
 Ontario, California ITS Roadshow 2010 is tomorrow! If you are in the area & want to register go to... 
 The Ontario, CA ITS Roadshow 2010 is tomorrow! Are you registered? www.truckstop.com/ITSRoadshow
 2 days left to register for the ITS Roadshow 2010 in Ontario, CA! Check out our amazing presenter !
 Check out our new presenter of the ITS Roadshow 2010! You won't want to miss this! 
 We are unable to access our FB ITS page today so if you have any questions regarding truckstop.com please tweet them! We are here to help!
 Aún así frustrado con ITS2? Tutoriales en español estará disponible la próxima semana! Por favor llame al 800-203-2540 extencion 110!
 Will you be in Ontario, CA  on June 16th & would like to receive training from the man who founded Internet Truckstop? 
  If not I'll make sure we call you!
  Hi! If u go to Multi-State when searching, & click "region map" it will pull up a map of the regions! Is this what you need? :)
 Still frustrated with ITS2? We provide free training! Call 800-203-2540 ext. 1517 today! 
  Hi ! Was it Pintac, Visiload or the map option in searching? We are working on improving a few new features with the maps!
 Well, it's been over a month since ITS2! How are you all doing with it? If anyone has any questions, suggestions... 
 The new presenter of the ITS Roadshow 2010 is... Scott Moscrip, founder and CEO of Internet Truckstop! Scott will... 
 The new presenter of the ITS Roadshow 2010 is... Scott Moscrip, founder and CEO of Internet Truckstop! Scott will... 
 The new presenter of the ITS Roadshow 2010 is.... ( We will tell you this afternoon! ) 
 Good Morning! Are you on the road today? Do you need to find freight fast? www.truckstop.com has what you need!
 Happy Monday! Later on today we will be announcing the new presenter of the ITS Roadshow 2010!!! Any guesses before the reveal?! 
 Monday is here and later on today we will be announcing the new presenter of the ITS Roadshow 2010!!! Any guesses before the reveal?!
 How can foursquare become a benefit to rural communities? 
 Happy Monday! Did anyone have any guesses as to who the new presenter of the ITS Roadshow will be?
 A new presenter will be leading the ITS Roadshow 2010, and you may recognize their name! Any guesses? 
 A new presenter will be leading the ITS Roadshow 2010, and you may recognize their name! Any guesses?
 A new presenter will be leading the ITS Roadshow 2010, and you may recognize the name!  Any guesses? 
 Someone new is leading the ITS Roadshow  from now on and the name may sound familiar! Any guesses?
 RT   is looking at hiring some .NET devs if you're interested DM me and I'll send you the specifics
 ITS will soon be on the road again! We are headed to Ontario, CA on June 16th for another ITS Roadshow 2010!   
 Internet Truckstop now has a group on LinkedIn. Feel free to become a member! 
 Good Morning All! :) We hope everything is running smooth with truckstop.com!
 Our deployment is complete! Check out our Facebook discussion to see some of the updates!
 All ITS users: We are deploying new updates and features, so you may be experiencing glitches on our site. This... 
 Great job everyone! Keep up the amazing work! 
 How is everything running on truckstop.com today? Is there anything we can help you with? 
 Hoping everyone had a great, relaxing weekend! For those that worked, we hope you got at least a little rest! :) 
 Hope everyone had a great, long weekend! If you worked over the holiday, did you do anything fun while traveling? 
 Wishing everyone a safe & happy Memorial Day wknd! We hope everyone is taking a break & if not, are finding what they need w/ truckstop.com!
 What does everyone think of uDrove sponsoring the Humanitarian Bowl? I know everyone here can't wait for December... 
 What do you think about the new Humanitarian Bowl sponsor? 
 RT  uDrove to be title sponsor of Humanitarian Bowl 
 Check out this article announcing that uDrove will sponsor the Humanitarian Bowl!  
 Here is an exciting announcement about uDrove, especially if you love football!    
 If you all haven't heard, our sister company uDrove has made an exciting decision! You all will love it if you like... 
 Here is an exciting announcement about uDrove, especially if you love football!  
 ITS Seattle Roadshow is almost over! Next stop: Minneapolis, MN! Register at www.truckstop.com/ITSRoadshow   
 RT  Daily  Tidbit: A gallon of fuel weighs aprx 8 lbs, so we've got to be aware of our fuel level on heavy loads.
 Today was the Seattle ITS Roadshow! How did it go if you attended? Register for Minneapolis, MN Roadshow at www.truckstop.com/ITSRoadshow
 Did you get to see the Trans4Cast Newsletter on Monday? If not, it's not too late! 
  Sounds like a good weekend! :)
 Half way through the week! Is everyone taking a break for Memorial Weekend or are you working away? 
 Hope the travels are going well & everyone is finding the freight/trucks they need! 
 When you are on the road, don't you wish you could know where the cheapest fuel was located? Fuel Desk Plus will do just that! truckstop.com
 Tuesday is already here! How is everyone this morning? 
 Same social media survey with a new question! We are looking to you for ways that we can improve! Your opinion is... 
 RemoveInternet Truckstop Same social media survey with a new question! We are looking to you for ways that we can... 
 Happy Tuesday!  - THANK YOU ALL!!! We appreciate your hard work!
  Hey there, I realize we are late  getting back to you, SORRY! Did you find a load or get the help you needed? :)
 Same social media question with a new question! We are looking to you for ways that we can improve! Your opinion is... 
 Same Social Media survey but one added question! We want to be better & want your opinion : 
 Internet Truckstop is on the road again, this time we are headed to Seattle, WA! Check out our blog to see why:... 
 New blog post! Internet Truckstop is on the road again! 
  I think you caught a little "Twitter Virus" that's sending spam DM's! Just an FYI :)
 Blog post at ITS News: We are interested in your trucking experience & stories! 
 Happy Monday! Where are you headed today?
 Happy Monday all! I hope everything is going well! Does anyone have any questions about ITS2, or are we starting to... 
 Have a great weekend!
  Awesome! It's definitely a different look & feel! Let us know if you need anything & thank you for sticking with it!
 Meet Dawn on ITS News! 
  I hear you and know the frustration! Is there any way we can help make it easier for you?
 We have a new "Meet the Team" blog post today! Meet Internet Truckstop's Dawn Painton!  
 Happy Friday everyone! I hope the day is going great! Have you checked out the new face of truckstop.com yet? What do you think?
   We have a corporate trainer who does training for free in about an hour! Call 800-203-2540 ext.1513 so we can get u started!
 Are you an ITS customer & will be in the Seattle area on May 26th? The ITS Roadshow is coming your way! Register : 
 New blog post : We are interested in hearing from you! 
  Is there anything we can help you with?
  very cool! great to hear!
 We have a new blog post at:   and are interested in hearing from you! :) 
 New blog post at ITS News: We are interested in your stories!  
 How is the day going so far? Where are you located today? Are you on the road? Finding loads? Finding trucks? :)... 
 Good morning! Are you curious about our value added services? Ask us what what services we have that would make your ITS experience better!
 Did you know that 30% of fraud in the trucking industry occurs by identity theft & a company posing as another company?
 Did you know that 30% of fraud in the trucking industry occurs by identity theft & a company posing as another company.
 Thank you to those of you who responded to our survey! You can still respond! ... 
 If you haven't taken our social media survey, your feedback is much appreciated! 
 How is Internet Truckstop doing with our social media? Feedback is much appreciated! 
 How are we doing? If you have a minute, please fill out this survey on how Internet Truckstop is doing on the... 
 Happy Tuesday everyone! How is ITS2 working for you all? 
 I am hooked on ITS2. You no longer have to renew your searches, it is real time with live postings. I am thoroughly impressed!"
 Have a wonderful weekend everyone! 
 Good Morning! Another reminder: If your ITS2 is running slow please go to news.truckstop.com - and go to the post... 
 Great job everyone! You have already made it through a week of ITS2! Keep us posted on likes and dislikes! We... 
 Great webinar on tweeting your press releases!  - We would be interested in continuing to network with participants!
  Yes! I am loving it! :)
  Thank you for posting Topify.com- I couldn't hear what Joseph said or spelling!
 How is ITS2 running for everyone today?
 Listening in on  webinar!
  You are awesome! Let us know if you have any questions or can't find anything on the new site! THANK YOU!
  We love that! It was time for a change! Thank you so much for your happy words! :)
  Thank you so much! That is great to hear! :)
 What social networking sites do you use?  
 You all are doing WONDERFUL on ITS2! We are so impressed! Great job everyone! 
 Good Morning! How is everyone doing today? Does anyone have any questions we can answer for you about truckstop.com? :)
  Good Morning! Were you able to get the help you needed yesterday?
 How's everyone doing with ITS2- for a fast help response go to: facebook.com/internettruckstop
   Hello! Were you able to talk to someone & get help on ITS2? Can I do anything to help? :)
 We have a new blog post up you might find helpful! news.truckstop.com
  Good Morning - I will make sure someone calls- What time zone are you in? We can help you on F.book too! :)Help is on the way
 We are working our way through this transition! You all are doing wonderful & have been so positive! WE LOVE OUR... 
 Great job today everyone! You all are wonderful & have kept positive! Thank you all for choosing us & giving ITS2 a... 
 Great job on ITS2 everyone! We are so greatful to have such amazing customers! THANK YOU!
 Happy Monday all! :)
   Hi! I'm sorry our twitter was down! Comment on facebook.com/internettruckstop &  I can go into detail! :) Help is here!
 How is ITS2 going today? We have heard that it was slow this morning, but hopefully this issue was resolved! Does... 
 Just a reminder: When searching for trucks or loads, please push the plus sign on the left hand side, next to your... 
 Good Morning all! We will respond to all of your questions right away! So sorry for the delay! You all are awesome! 
 Day 2 of ITS2 is almost over! You all have been so wonderful during the change! We appreciate you! Great job! We... 
 Day 2 of ITS2 is here! We are still, always available to take your questions on Facebook! 
 Great job on ITS2 today everyone! You all worked hard at learning something new & we appreciate all of the... 
 Great job on ITS2 today everyone! The switch went great! We are lucky to have such amazing, supportive customers! You all are AMAZING!
 We are receiving a lot of feedback that ITS2 is slow! Part of that is due to the major jump in site usage but there... 
  You are exactly right! Keep us posted! We love to hear what the cust. is seeing! :)
 How's it going ITS2 users?! :)
 How is ITS2 working for everyone!? I am still here to answer any questions & take feedback! You all are wonderful! 
 The new, additional server has now been updated and we should be running fast & smooth once again! We apologize for... 
 The new, additional server is up! ITS2 should be running faster! We apologize for the inconvenience!
 You all are awesome! We are putting in an extra server to help with ITS2 being slow! Should be fixed asap! We will keep you posted!
  I know & I'm sorry!We r putting in an additional server right now to help. Should be fixed asap! U are awesome!Stick with it! :)
 Currently on truckstop.com there is an excess amount of usage that may be causing our site to be running slow or... 
 Just a reminder that there are online video tutorials available on ITS2! We realize that they don't cover... 
 ITS2 is here! If you need any help with ITS2 don't hesitate to comment! We have employees ready to answer your... 
 ITS2 is almost here! We are ready and available to help! Tomorrow please comment & ask any questions that you need... 
 We are so proud of all of our customers who are embracing ITS2 and getting training before the launch later today!... 
 We are giving users a Cinco De Mayo present: A new load board!  ITS2 will be here today at 5 MTS!!!
 1 more day until ITS2 has arrived! We will be taking questions and concerns via Twitter, Facebook, blog & phones all day on May 6th! :)
 If you are feeling unprepared for the launch of ITS2, have questions, or need to be walked through the site, please... 
 New Blog Post! We are trying to prepare our customers for the launch of ITS2! Check out news.truckstop.com & post any ?'s you want answered!
  Thank you for the  We appreciate it!
 We have a new "Meet The Team" employee showcased on the blog today! Get to know us! bit.ly/9XpE6G 
 We have a new "Meet the Team" post! Get to know Internet Truckstop's Blayne Marples! bit.ly/9XpE6G
 How to use ITS2 Video Tutorials are now available on truckstop.com! Login to ITS2- scroll down- push "tutorials" & play!
 Today there will be a few new features on ITS2! We will have free video tutorials on how to use ITS2! What else? www.truckstop.com
 In today's blog post we talked about the ITS2 launch coming soon, and what we are doing to help! Check it out:... 
 New blog post is up at news.truckstop.com! We are excited to be providing you with online tutorials that will walk you through ITS2!
 Did you hear Internet Truckstop's Joel McGinley on the Dave Nemo show this morning? What did you think?!
 What do you think of our new blog? We would love to hear feedback! 
 We have a new blog post up & would love your input   
 14 days until ITS2 launches!
 Today's new blog post : 
 Internet Truckstop now has a blog! Keep up to date with everything going on with Internet Truckstop, get to know... 
 16 days left until ITS2 is on truckstop.com! We offer free training for ITS2 and other products! Call 800-203-2540 ext. 110 for help!
 New blog post! 
 NEW! Internet Truckstop now has a BLOG! Keep up to date with us! Check it out & leave a comment if you like it! 
 ITS2 will be here in 20 days!!!
 TIA was a great success and this Saturday we 
 21 days left until ITS2 launches!!!! www.truckstop.com
      Thank You for the  Tuesday shoutouts! :)
 Good Morning!   begins in 4 days! Will you or representatives from your company be there? We would love to say HI!
 We will be at  in Cincinnati, OH, April 18-20th! We will also be hosting a user conference there! www.truckstop.com/itsroadshow
 TIA was a great success and this Saturday we will be in Cincinnati,OH for NPTC! We are also holding a Roadshow &... 
 TIA was a success! Attn. Brokers!  and Internet Truckstop have created an exclusive program just for you!
 It's official! ITS2 will finally launch MAY 5th, 2010! ITS2 will be your new landing page at truckstop.com in 26 days!
 RT  Take a look at some of our offering, we will have some fun stories to come... ...
 See who's looking at the loads you post with BROKER BING! Now, when you post a load, you can view what carrier's... 
 See who's looking at your loads w/ BROKER BING! New Release on ITS & ITS2, you now get to view carriers info. when they look at your load!
 Did our Market Demand Index go up or down last week? What do those results mean for the trucking industry and for you? www.trans4cast.com
 Internet Truckstop's Joel McGinley will be on the Dave Nemo show every Monday  6:00 a.m. Mountain Time!
 RT  RT  Thank a Truck Driver -   
 RT  We want to hear your thoughts on the show, share your experience at   
 Did the ITS Market Demand Index (MDI) rise or fall this past week? Find out here: 
 Preparing for TIA’s 32nd Annual Convention and Trade Show April 7-10 in Tuscon, AZ. Will you be there? (  )
 I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "TCA-2010" 
 Did anyone see us at MATS? We had a great time seeing new & familiar faces! 
          Happy Tuesday!
 Lost your copy of the March/April edition of the Internet Truckstop Magazine? Flip through it online!  
 Happy Tuesday Everyone! It's raining in New Plymouth, ID today! What's the weather like where you are driving?!
     LupieAyah      Happy Tuesday!
 RT   - It was Great to see all these Women Truckers Honored, they deserve it 
 Hope everyone had a great time at  2010! It was great to talk to so many amazing people! See you again next year!
 If you are heading to the autograph signing of John Anderson and The Grascals stop by our booth and say hi! :)  MATS 14125
 RT  John Anderson and The Grascals signing autographs in Mobil Delvac's booth  in North Wing in 1 hour (2 PM)   ...
 RT  Seminar: "CSA 2010: What Drivers Need to Know" starts in 45 min. (12 PM), Rm. B-104, South Wing,   ...
 What did you think of  or  today? What did you think of our booth-   We would love to hear feedback!
 We are at  booth  Dave Nemo will be at our booth from 1-2! Ask how you can get an Idaho Spud Bar, a Leather Jacket or a Hat!
 MATS is here!!! Come say Hello! Also, Dave Nemo will be at our booth signing autographs today!!
 MATS is here tomorrow! We will be giving away Leather Jackets or an Internet Truckstop hat for anyone who signs up... 
 This is a great article about the new Diamond Broker Program! Thanks 
   - Great picture! Looking forward to see you there!
 Preparing for  Hope to see you all there!
 Thank you  for this great article on ITS Finanial Services!
 If you are an ITS user & are at MATS stop by our booth, say Hello & get a delicious Idaho Spud Bar! :)
 Are you a fan of Dave Nemo? Thursday, Dave will be at our MATS booth signing autographs! Come say HI! 
 THURSDAY: Dave Nemo will be at our booth at MATS to sign autographs! Come say HI!
 Going to MATS? New sign ups for Internet Truckstop at MATS will receive a LEATHER JACKET or a BASEBALL CAP! See you there!
 Do you drive for a living? Check out this great article about our sister company who just launched their new... 
 Registration is close to closing- Register for our ITS User Conference & Roadshow- open to anyone! 
 MATS is next week! Who will be there? 
        
  showed us this great article today! Help raise awareness for  : 
 Valuable information about the Trucking Industry and economy here! : 
 Getting close to  If you will be there & are an ITS user-we are putting on a conference for you! 
 Did truck demand go up or down last week!? Find out at 
 Did load availability rise or sink this week? Find out here :
 What delicious chocolate treats are we famous for giving away at MATS? :) Check out the magazine online to see! 
 What delicious chocolate treats are we famous for giving away at MATS? :) Check out the magazine online to see!... 
 Have you registered for our User Conference in Louisville, KY during MATS? Hands on training & Great People! 
 RT   Truckstop® and TIA Launch Exclusive Marketing Program
 We are getting excited for MATS! Does anyone know the chocolate surprise that we hand out at MATS? You'll have to stop by our booth and see!
 Valuable info about the economy & trucking industry released yesterday Is load availability up or down from last week? 
  Because of you,Victoria is putting together a user conference in  Boise!I'll let you know when we get date & place!Great idea!
 In the Louisville, KY area? Register for this great user conference open to users and prospects! www.truckstop.com/itsroadshow
  Just Seattle May26th!We do provide training via phone for ITS2! I know how rough the transition is!Glad your sticking with it!
 Anyone going to MATS or live in the Louisville, KY area? We will be there in 2 weeks! Stop by & say HI: www.truckstop.com/itsroadshow
  Sorry! She is putting on a user conference while we are at the MATS! It's the 1st of many! www.truckstop.com/itsroadshow
 Our Tech Department has once again been working hard and launched more great features to ITS2 today! Check it out at 
 Our sister company just joined Twitter! Help  get started! If you are a Truck Driver check out their new iPhone, B.B and Android app.
 10 States had the lowest gas prices at an average of 2.69 a gallon. Which States where they? 
 We will be at the Mid America Trucking Show, March 25-27th! Are you going? We would love to meet our Twitter friends in person!
 If anyone has Twitter our sister company uDrove has just joined! Follow them  ! For those that don't know... 
 Our sister company  has just joined Twitter! uDrove is a new application for your smart phone that replaces in-cab paperwork!
 We are almost done with the Truckload Carriers Association Conference! Did anyone come say hi?!
