 Tips on Writing an Effective Social Media Marketing Request For Proposal (RFP) 
 Saying "thank you" is the next killer business strategy 
 The Social Divide | Digitaria  via 
 BMA Chicago's Biz Bash happening this Thurs. 700 marketers from around the nation. 
 RT  Glad to see that  changed their photo ownership terms. 
 RT  Indeed. RT       now this is a nightcap 
 RT  How to Follow SOBCon Leadership and Loyalty Online 
 RT  To lead is to show the way Terry Starbucker     at the Summit Executive Center  ...
 RT  Thanks for helping us create and awesome website  check it out at www.cartoncraftinc.com
 Chris Brogan's Getting Roasted - Chicago, Wed. May 11, 2011 
 RT  Some businesses just don't get the internet 
 World of Faith graphic. Really interesting.  (
 Ooops? Oooops é tropeçar no palco! Essa mulher deu foi uma barrigada! Não queria estar na pele dela nem morta!! 
  If somebody wanted an answer, they got it! Tweet of the day (
 WOW :O  Loved it! (
 Chris Anderson and The power of internet and video! 
 And can't forget this other super invention:  Super iWatch! :)
  or  Both super cool inventions! (
 Tweet of the day:  "That's not the real fight!" The Real Battle for Mobile
  Just try to shoot the bear. I said try, because you might not do it. Just sayin'...
 Google instant search and channel flipping.  (
  Another tweet of the day! Just great.
 How Google translator works?  (
  Samsung's Viral by Viral Factory. Amazing catchy dance! (
 Great app! "How many friends do u know?" Give it a try and let me know! 
  "Should you give up gadgets for a day?" I'm so sure about it! Of course it's NO! (
 Now, Tweet of the Day! Brought to you by  
 I don't know the source of the image, but this is awesome! SM monopoly. 
 Do you remember this:  Maybe history repeats itself:  "TPB AFK" documentary
 ROI: is this the measurement framework we’ve been waiting for?  (
 Social media monument in NY! Times change.  (
 Jason Falls (again! why not?) The Problem With Empowering The Customer 
 The paradox of social media tools - Jason Falls 
  Nondigital Ctrl V, Ctrl Z e Ctrl X. (
 ChatRoulette lives! Lionsgate promotes "The last exorcism". Great idea! 
 Today is Photography day! Celebrate & take pics.  (
 It's probably old, but it's first time seeing it. Great lesson.  ( spanish
 LG "Life's Good Lab" Manifesto! Putting consumers and LG even closer 
  2,770 pictures = 1 video!
  How Lady Gaga changed Pop and reinvented brand management
  A lovely cliche!
 Our Daily (late) Loop:  Comment! Let us know what you think about the relation of social media and employees.
  faceplant--yet another new way to connect
  Social media or social life?
  LXD - Legion of Extraordinary Dancers
 faceplant--yet another new way to connect   
  New Apple Store in Shagai! Check out the pics.
   Facebook offline - Facepark - Be Stupid by Diesel
 unGeeked e'lite Social Media, Marketing, & Branding Retreat - San Francisco  
 RT  unGeeked e'lite Social Media, Marketing, & Branding 3-Day Retreat 
 This company just surpassed 2 million registered users in under 2 yrs. Who are they?  
 Can you get today's DailyLoop? It's a lesson in going Viral 
 Happy           
 We are so sorry  couldn't make it! Get better soon! (Ana Laura)  
 We had an awesome time! Great nite. Special thanks 4  to make it possible! (Ana Laura)  
 For the ones we didn't mention, sorry! We couldn't find your twitter. Reply so we can connect!  
 Thanks 4 coming (2)!     
 Thanks 4 coming!           
  first off, only need to post the same message once! [wink, wink] really glad you came!   Talk soon!
 Thanks for speaking 2nite!           
 Hey  How is the meetup going?
 Great speach by  Thank you!  
 Now,   
 RT       great job everybody! Let's keep doing it!  
 RT   Luanne rocking!  
 RT  Happy Social Media Day! -  
 It's the last chance to join everyone tomorrow night at  for  
 RT   Clay Sharky TED Talk. Free time + WEB 2.0 = Great Production. Worth seen it!
 RT  Check this video out -- Camera+, The Best Photo App for your iPhone   is awesome
 RT  Gals to  - check out their Passions and Obsessions    Please RT
 RT  See us at Ivy, Wheaton, IL, June 30th at 5:30pm     
 Check out this Mashable Meetup - 
 We're amazed at   growth! 
 Did you know  deemed June 30  ?  at Ivy in  to celebrate!  
 Apple--such a tease! 
 This platform isn't even a yr old and it's got over 12M accounts and has logged over 700M posts-Who are they? 
 RT  1 QUESTION, re: customer service, help me send a message to this company.  
 RT  RT  Delivering Happiness on FOX Business 
  thanks. you too susan!
 From your phone to the world: The journey of a Tweet 
 WTF is HTML5? 
 Need a speaker for Mobile user experience?  will captivate and enlighten. 
 Need a dynamic speaker to make plain english of Social Networking & Twitter? Contact  He's sure to engage and entertain.
 Need a fascinating speaker? Contact  Impressed everyone at  Milwaukee, they're still looking at their elbows!
 RT  RT  I think I am having an inbound marketing-gasm.  (LOL)
  got a grade of 98.9/100 on   Check it out:  
 RT  I have to say,  is one of the most well produced SM events I have been to yet. Quality quality quality.
 RT  - yep.  is the book, coming out with   Pre-order now at  ...
 RT  Engaging with  at  Great presentation. He covered the importance of having a social media policy!
 RT   Scott, great 2 finally meet u Scott. Looking frwrd 2 your session later today & reading your book! Dig the ...
 check out  - to manage brand online - pushes content and measures ROI thanks  Jason Weaver
 Check out  - to backup social media activity. Thanks 
 RT  Squarespace -  a billion dollar example. If you're still using Joomla, Drupal, Wordp ...
 RT  SEO, Social Media & Marketing Case Studies that Prove ROI 
 RT  RT  I'm going  this week! Will you be there? 8 of social media's finest in Milwaukee,  midwest ...
  thanks ;) found it seconds after the post...how's India today?
 RT  Twitter Status - Follow bug discovered, remedied. 
 Just rated  Mobile on Android Market and could win a Nexus One! 
 I signed up for RescueTime to see where my time goes. Where do you spend yours?: 
 Healthcare may be conservative but statistics show they've gotten more social 
 Hospital's have a 53% social media adoption rate. Has your hospital gone Social? 
  looking forward to providing some power SEO knowledge to our clients. Let's chat to firm up dates next week.
  are you going to be at  
 Just added myself to the  twitter directory!
 RT  See what happens when you try to take over the world? RT  facebook's site is down!
 RT   ...
          thanks for the listing!!
   either way you're all crawling...you need to be walking and eventually running...tweet tweet ;)
 RT  HP said it saved $10 million in call center costs by infusing social listening into customer service.   ...
 RT  RT   Chgo ppl 2 C 5/13-15       ...
  in 1st  3rd, but 1st in ratio  trailing in 2nd   behind :( come on ladies ;)
  I was a dancer for many years and still am (at heart) so staying on the toes is no problem. ;)  Quick and nimble.
  have a great weekend! I'm sure you'll be awesome as always!
  your YouTube success is inspiring - great case study for social media success! Love the Product  
  unable to change interests/activities/company name once the page feature took over on Wed.  Will that change soon?
  I'm not convinced this pages idea was a good one, seems really messy to have unstructured interests as a page.
  in the lead  needs a pick me up  trailing in 2nd   in last place :(  come on ladies ;)
  get engaged....tweet tweet ;) only 16....
  joined  so proud! good job ;) nice use of hashtags. great to see you getting engaged.
          
   thanks for the 
  yes will have slides in our extranet area for next week for members/attendees.
  thanks Jenn will do.   is a great social media case study! Keep it up!!!
  changing at the speed of light...facebook rolled out a bunch of changes just after our training.
  powerful video 
  hope lunch gave u enough energy 2 make it through the rest of the sessions!  Looking forward 2 following up on your take aways
  Have a plan. I hope everyone walked away realizing that was step 1! Thanks for the tweeting some good take aways ;)
  Best for Business? No tool is a silver bullet, it's how you use it. LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, & YouTube very powerful!
  thanks for all your help! Everyone at Internet Marketing 101 was glad to have you available for hands-on tech support.
   Just saw you both on the  Live interview. Thank you for the book offer!
 RT  40 of the Best Twitter Brands and the People Behind Them    
 5 Ways for Small Companies to Better Engage Reporters    
 HOW TO: Boost Your SEO with a YouTube Channel 
 RT  HOW TO: Track Social Media Analytics    
 Dear Foursquare: This Is Not the Right Time to Sell 
 6 Best iPad Apps for Business Users 
 Ning: Failures, Lessons and Six Alternatives 
  "must not by iPad" ??? Why?
 Full Day of Internet Marketing Strategies to Grow Your Business $199 at IIT Wheaton  "tweet" saves 10%
  VC Panel     moderator-  - Great Job to the Panelists! Thanks.
   Great panel discussion. Like the shirt ;)
  thank you for the live feed of   Will you replay the conference? The site was down/unavailable for a couple segments.
 RT  RT  Even if you're not at  you can watch it live thanks to Justin.tv: 
  has 105 Million + Registered Users and growing 300K a day.
 RT  Promoted Tweets, the unveiling:  More info to come later this week  Stay tuned!
  Happy Wed. hmmm nuts and coffee ;) way to end the day.
  you rock! thank you.  watch for a DM.
  re: Eckhart  on Namaste Radio today   - His books are excellent!
   you're most welcome. btw: video contact??
   thanks for the  hope all is well - have a rock'in week!
   sure thing ;)
  We've heard that from several of our international contacts. Glad to connect.
  Thanks for the follow. L'Italia é bella! Would love to do some training events or business outings there.
  Love the business concept! Great outreach. Thanks for the follow.
        Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to sharing.
  agreed. thanks for the follow. have a great weekend.
 RT  The possibilities are endless once you quit putting up limits. Think BIG, drink some passion punch and GO FOR IT!
   We're in! Thanks for the follow. Have a great weekend! Hope to connect more.
  thanks. have a great weekend!
   Happy Friday from the Web Design and SEO gals of Winfield Illinois
  thanks. ditto. if you're ever interested in collaborating, drop us an email.
  Love Nutella <grin>
          thanks for the listing!
      
  hope you had a great birthday celebration - Happy Belated.
  keep me posted, now I'm curious.
  we're looking for analytical yet creative types with an entrepreneurial drive. social and fun also a requirement ;)
  we like to keep the chicago peeps easy to find. ;)
  good guess, or correct guess ;)
  Internet Marketing for 2010 is Tues., April 20th 8:30-4
  website design is great, concept on SM agreement a good one ;)
  Are all your listings within a given area? Chicago proper, zip code, etc.
 RT  Awesome stuff happening in BlackBerry land. Read about the new official Twitter app  .
  my guess...social media marketer ;) lol
 Internet Marketing 2010 - Grow Your Business! 
 RT  What's the fastest browser? 
   my kids still love "Charlie Bit Me," I however, am a Blendtec "Will it Blend" Fan (glowsticks, iPhone) - 
 Blendtec reaches new heights with iPad. 1.4million 1st 24hrs. 
 Social Media Bootcamp Schedule updated: view  for the calendar and online registration.
 Our company is growing, if you're interested in career, affiliate, or partnership opportunities please contact me directly.
 Just as expected 18 mo. after CS4 released CS5 is due out 4/12/2010 - 
 publish Free on Issuu.com, , menus, newsletters, magazines, etc. check it out.
 Attended a  (The Alternative Board) event Friday. Effective  Event and Great 
 The Power of the Peer Advisory Board | Forbes |  
   to  3 sources 3 different answers.  please get your products to produce the same conversion.
  was released in Oct. 2008. Based on history they should be due to release  anytime now. Has anyone heard anything??
 RT  Proactive blog post Social Media Strategies: Ravit Lichtenberg at OMS10 
 RT  Tutorial: Tumblr: An Introduction Guide For Microblogging – Part 1. 
 RT  Ning CEO Gina Bianchini Stepping Down -  
 As Shops Transform, Marketers Must Adapt Too 
 Marketing: Time to Rewrite the Brand Playbook for Digital 
  are you referring to your FB landing page or the Static FBML(facebook markup language) capabilities in general?
 5 Things Every Entrepreneur should do for 2010: Training  
  great talking with you this week. Look forward to future dialog.
  thanks for the  added you to our pr/writers resource list. Have a great week ahead.
 How is Social Media Working For You? 
  thanks for the follow. So mytay.com is a search engine?
 RT  Most Companies Don't Have a Social Media Policy   Need a policy & training contact Unicatis Marketing
 Cool People          	
 RT  RT  TY Listers!        ...
 When you're in luv everything is amazing RT  Amazing,Extraordinary,Tremendous: 3 Minute iPad Keynote [VIDEO] 
 RT  Apple Adds Official YouTube Channel with iPad Video, is  Twitter Next? 
 Access Your Desktop via Citrix from anywhere w/the   (link correct this time)
 Much of internet activity is a security risk. This is why training is so important. There are landmines all over, so train your troops.
 RT  Now trending on Mashable: "Social Networks Are Becoming a Security Risk [SURVEY]" -  
  let me know how vip works for U, I've heard it sends annoying & repetitive tweets. Interested in your experience KeepMePosted
  Hi Luanne, U rock Twitter&Facebook both look'n good. BTW: need 2 send U invite to Feb.9 Social Media Training 
  Yes, it was  that I saw you. Cool site & a needed service 4 many. We provide backgrounds free 2 our customers too.
 RT  Google to Retire Gears in Favor of HTML5 
 RT  Shock Artistry: Lady Gaga’s Social Factors of Fame - 
 RT  Starting Today, Facebook Apps Can Ask You To Hand Over Your Email ... 
  yes TrueTwit might have been a PITA, but it did keep away the bots. Amazing how many there are.
  online affiliate programs can also be very effective, depending on how they are executed.
 RT    Message: Stand w/  support comprehensive clean  leg. & keep  alive: 
 RT  My take on Social Media Gets Pepsi’s Money over Super Bowl  Whats yours?
  compared 2 kindle, + video, gaming, & 3G internet capability absolutely. 2nd version might b better. Awesome step 4 technology
  I thought that too, but the more I think about  the more amazed I am. I love my iphone & look forward to the day I get an iPad.
 I'll lead by example, inspiring late adapters to enter the 21st century & others to go paperless  
  via  Thanks for the  Have a great weekend.
  My last stats indicated 17% IE.  Amazing how things change, since not too long ago IE was king. Thanks... 
  agreed, but until IE accepts the protocol I've been hesitant to run with it. Opinion changing as IE user  are going down. You?
  What do u think of HTML 5? I've noticed stats on IE users r waning, Chrome while in beta is picking up market share in our reports.
 (RT  i-pad! Glad I didn't commit to kindle!) I totally agree. Looking forward to an i-pad purchase this year!!
  do u have another company that makes backgrounds? I saw your avatar...social media makes the world seem a little smaller ;-)
  thnx we'll have a lot more great quality content to come...we are still in pre-launch for the professional training series.
 RT  How to get a free apple ipad. 
  new business challenges, would be happy to help if you need it. 
  have you downloaded Chris Anderson's "Free"? Excellent
  very excited about your Chicago showroom. Tesla has our support - hope you rock it here!
  I trust that too.
  love the official pet photography site slide show...great photos.
  might be able to help (or connect you). If you want to discuss email me angel.oakley
 Social Networking Takes Flight at NASA - Companies using Social Networking Internally - 
 Does Social Media Require Archiving for  Use?   
 Six Social Media Trends for 2010 - The Conversation - Harvard Business Review:  via 
  I need to switch to  I keep hearing so many good things about it.
  pods is a downloaded plugin right? Does your co. host the sites you design? What do you do for Analytics?
  of course, got to keep the peeps organized ;-)
  thanks for the shout out.
  Kindle? haven't gotten 1 yet, have used my cousin's and it's awesome. Really impressed! Should have had that on my xmas list.
  has signed up for  a business networking site. Have you tried it? 
 4 a professionally designed site that incorporates your blog, provides stats, & CMS (you can easily update) - contact me. Starting at $500.
 Publish your documents online w/a print feel, check this out. Free basic account, if u need pro services contact me. 
 Can't decide if TrueTwit Validation is worth it...sometimes seems like a hassle, but does protect you from bots. What say you?
  we've worked w/WP, Blogger, & SquareSpace. I personally like SquareSpace best (for it's CMS features). WP was my 1st blog exp
  we have a foursquare addict in our home and we've added several of our clients to foursquare. love it.
 RT  CSS-Tricks Forums • View topic - wp enqueue 
 RT  How To Use Social Media to Connect w/ Other Entrepreneurs  (via 
 I recommend  for  Entrepreneur, CEO, SBIZ list on Listorious  because...she's innovative
  Thank for the forum link. What blog format do u incorporate in your sites (wp, blogger, squarespace, typepad,moveable type)?
 RT  Deadline Thurs: Show the FCC there is strong public support for  Sign the petition. 
  is a great way for businesses to manage their various social media accounts - only one dashboard.
 Perhaps  should try  for the new  website 
 RT  How to reach the teen market - 
  Actually a pretty brave move.  Polaroid totally needs to reinvent, and like her or not Gaga knows how to get the attention.
 RT  My latest Examiner.com article: Lady Gaga named Creative Director at Polaroid - 
  Doesn't this cross the line of invasion of privacy... mind-reading for security purposes.
  Paula Bronstein's images are moving.
  nice we marketers can share the pain. Clients should b reminded socialmedia isn't the be all end all - just another medium.
 RT  Is that an immersive brand experience you’ve got in your pocket…?  
 Just added myself to the  twitter directory under:      
 For Social Media News get acquainted with  
 If you're still not entirely sure what social media is - start here: 
  For Businesses - Great Resource. 
 Who's managing your companies  profile - you or your customers? Find out 
 Has your location made it on  and   or  Find out, and get listed if your not.
   offers Mass Email Marketing Services eliminates need for a    or 
 Get your LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, & Email Contacts into 1 place +export the data!   We luv it! Tell us what u think.
