 Style Hive update Get The Winning Look From Our 'Mob Wives vs. Basketball Wives' Poll!: 
 Real Housewives' Taylor Armstrong and Hubby Together Again—in $1.5 Million Lawsuit!: This probably i...  
 David Beckham Shows Love for Baby Harper With New Tattoo: It's safe to say Harper Seven is going to ...  
 Is James Franco Not Returning to General Hospital?: James Franco is a pro at keeping people on their...  
 Kim Kardashian's Hubby-to-Be Makes Bachelor Party Plea: "Give Me Some Freedom": When Kim, Kourtney a...  
 Prince William and Kate Middleton Help Kick Off Zara Phillips' Wedding at Royal Yacht Party: Just a ...  
 Style Hive update ... And The Winner For Our 'Gadogado Dress' Giveaway Is ...: 
 Jayde Nicole to Crystal: "You Don't Want to Pick a Fight With Hef!": The bunny ears are flying!
 Style Hive update Payday Splurge (Stripes)!: 
 Nicky Hilton Splits From Longtime Boyfriend David Katzenberg: We thought this one would last.
 So True? So False? Did Amy Winehouse Really Reach Out to Dr. Drew in Her Final Days?!: Given Amy Win...  
 Teen Vogue Fashion: The Webster: Teen Vogue x The Coveteur: Fashion Market Editor Mary Kate Steinmiller shows Th... 
 TV Update: Ian Somerhalder. Naked. Covered in Bubbles.: Happy Friday, indeed. At Comic-Con, fans wer...  
 Which True Blood Vampire Just Married His Boyfriend?: Another bloodsucker is off the market.
 Seventeen's Latest Try a Fruit Facial!: Eating fresh fruit is one of the best parts of summer. It'...   fashion
 Seventeen's Latest Win $1000 Worth of Goody Products!: Summer is the perfect time to try a new hai...   fashion
 Crystal Harris Sorry to Hef for "Two-Second" Sex Diss to Howard Stern: Crystal Harris kissed and tol...  
 So Bromantic: Which Harry Potter Star Is Wearing His Love for Tom Felton?: Why try and squeeze all y...  
 Teen Vogue Fashion: Q&A with Nikkie of NikkieTutorials: Nikkie of NikkieTutorials gives us the inside scoop on h... 
 Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries Do Lunch, Cops Called: The same day their fancy wedding invites we...  
 Kelly Osbourne, Mark Ronson Pay Jazzy Tribute to Amy Winehouse: It's just shy of a week since Amy Wi...  
 Denise Richards Talks Boobs, Babies and Dating: I Want To Get Married Again!: Denise Richards doesn'...  
 George Clooney Pals: Elisabetta Canalis "Not" Stuffing His Fridge: We were the first to tell you Geo...  
 Project Runway Premiere: Is There a Scandal Brewing Already?!: After about a month of looking at Hei...  
 Live at So You Think You Can Dance: Judges Predict Who Will Be the Final Four: It's Thursday...boo! ...  
 Sick! Woman Wins iPod for Predicting When Amy Winehouse Would Die: Talk about sick.
 Movie Review: Crazy, Stupid, Love All Kinds of Crazy, Stupid Fantastic: Review in a Hurry: Steve Car...  
 True Blood: Seriously, What's the Deal With That Creepy Baby?!: If you are a fan of movies, TV shows...  
 Could Lady Gaga Cause the Next L.A. Riot?: We're still not over the craziness that erupted on Hollyw...  
 Time Warp: Spy Selena Gomez in Her First Film Role: It may be hard to believe, but there was a day w...  
 Check Out Kim Kardashian's Elegant (and Official) Wedding Invitation!: You are cordially invited…no,...  
 Ian Somerhalder Speaks Up for Species Preservation: Ian Somerhalder has no trouble showing his altru...  
 Rachel Zoe: Dirty Diapers Are Amazing?!: Fashionista Rachel Zoe knows her trends. And according to h...  
 Five Stars Who Regretted Their Tattoos (Unlike Kat Von D): So, OK, Kat Von D's  cute tattoo of the L...  
 Style Hive update Daily Obsesh - LeSportsac Cosmetic Case: 
 So True? So False? Did Jenny McCarthy Dump Oprah Winfrey?!: Uh O.
 Adorable Shot of the Day: Pink Takes Baby Willow Public: Cuteness alert!
 Five Things to Know About Riot-Causing Electric Daisy Carnival Rave Flick: They were yelling, battli...  
 Olivia Wilde to Play Porn Star Linda Lovelace?: Olivia Wilde as a porn star?
 Kat Von D Bails on E!, Cancels Remainder of Promo Tour: "I Don't Expect People to Understand": In re...  
 Paz de la Huerta Admits to Smackdown With The City Star, Ordered to Sober Up: This Boardwalk Empire ...  
 Seventeen's Latest Style Council: Dani's School-Girl-Chic Outfit!: Hey, Seventeen readers! Daniell...   fashion
 Seventeen's Latest New Products from gloProfessional!: GloProfessional
 David Beckham's Underwear to Be Sold at H&M: Finally! David Beckham has revealed the secret to getti...  
 Scarlett Johansson Temporarily Stops the Madness, Turns Down Marine Ball Invite: The few. The proud....  
 Han Solo and Chewbacca Reunite! (Thanks to Jimmy Kimmel): Now this is what we call Cowboys & Aliens....  
 Seventeen's Latest New York City Summer Street Style: Daryl, 23: New York City
 Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Star's Latest Deadly Sibling Rivalry: Why on earth is Kyle Richards...  
 K-11 Keeps Working Kristen Stewart Connection!: And so another game of he said/she said concerning o...  
 Seventeen's Latest Style Council: Chelsea's Bold Back-to-School Outfit!: Hey girls! Style Council ...   fashion
 The Bachelorette's Men Spill Their Thoughts on This Season: As the final episode of The Bachelorette...  
 Jesse James' Ex-Wife Arrested for Harassment: Things seem to be going swiftly for Jesse James (sans ...  
 Playboy Club Gets Spanking From Parents Television Council: Sorry, Eddie Cibrian, that smile won't w...  
 Denise Richards Pal Dishes on New Baby: Move over, haters!
 Call the Maternity Ward! Grey's Anatomy's Sarah Drew Is Pregnant!: Somebody's TV character might hav...  
 Does Jennifer Aniston Think Prince William Should Get a Hair Transplant?: Prince William is losing h...  
 Evangeline Lilly Takes Out the (Still Nameless) Baby—and He's a Cutie!: We don't know his name, but ...  
 First Look! Hotties Liam Hemsworth & Josh Hutcherson Are Set for the Hunger Games!: It's here!
 Will Amy Winehouse's Fashion Line Continue Without Her?: Turns out, Amy Winehouse's posthumous back ...  
 TV Update: Idol Finalist Haley Reinhart Signs Record Deal: Don't you wish when you came in third pla...  
 Style Hive update Daily Obsesh - Lurex Cartwheel Hat: 
 George Clooney & Ryan Gosling Go Head-to-Head for Ides of March: At first glance, the new poster for...  
 Seventeen's Latest Product Obsession of the Day: geoGirl Kewl Magic Face Refresher: Usually, my sk...   fashion
 Be sure to go to our Sidewalk Sale this week: Up to 75% off - July 28, 29 and 30th 
 Tat's It! Kat Von D Storms Out of Interview That Dared Mention Jesse James: Touched a nerve, did the...  
 Seventeen's Latest New York City Summer Street Style: Gabrielle, 20: New York City
 Julia Roberts and Christy Turlington Ads Deemed Overly Photoshopped, Banned in Britain: Maybe she's ...  
 The Summer of the Broken Celebrity Engagement: Coincidence…or Curse?: So much for the long, hot summ...  
 Style Hive update Beauty Pick Me Up - Best Bargains Under $20: 
 Oops. Kat Von D Gets Jesse James Tattoo Just in Time for Split: Talk about bad timing for Kat Von D....  
 Something Old, Something Ill-Timed: Bride-No-More Kristin Cavallari Models Wedding Dresses: Timing i...  
 Hef's Tweeting Mad After Crystal Harris Disses His "Two-Second" Sex Skills to Howard Stern: First sh...  
 Amy Winehouse Was Planning to Make Music With Cee Lo?: Although there were reports earlier this year...  
 Teen Mom Recap: Barney Is Damaging My Calm!: It is a stressful time for our Teen Moms, and they need...  
 New Year's Eve Trailer: Who Isn't in This Movie?: Remember the movie Valentine's Day, where there we...  
 Show Runner Frank Darabont Walking Out on The Walking Dead: Frank Darabont, creator and executive pr...  
 Brad Pitt and George Clooney Get a Full-Body Wax: Weeeeeeeird.
 Is Neil Patrick Harris Planning a Wedding or Not?: Now that New York has legalized gay marriage, wil...  
 Inside Kim Kardashian's Classy—and Racy!—Bridal Shower: You didn't think Kim Kardashian's mom and si...  
 Alexander McQueen Left His Dogs How Much Money?!: It looks like a good chunk Alexander McQueen's est...  
 Amy Winehouse Blowback: Keri Hilson Apologizes for "Best Tribute Ever," Glee Project Bleeps Ryan Mur...  
 Teen Vogue Fashion: Ultimate Back-to-School Bag Guide: A new year, a new bag—be prepared for all the school year... 
 Selma Blair Gives Birth to a Baby Boy—and His Name Is...: Selma Blair has burst.
 Did Amy Winehouse's Funeral Violate Jewish Law?: Is it true that Amy Winehouse was Jewish? How can t...  
 Syfy-E! Comic-Con Party: Red Carpet Arrivals!: Who's ready to let loose tonight?
 Kristen Stewart's Out of K-11, but Was She Ever Really In?: Looks like Kristen Stewart won't have to...  
 Teen Vogue Fashion: Personal-Style Blogger Trend: Pleated Skirts: From long maxis to schoolgirl minis, our favor... 
 Happy New Year! Tobey Maguire Wanted in Court in 2012: Tobey Maguire is fighting it, but for now he ...  
 How Much Did Nicki Minaj's Criminally Potty Mouth Cost Her?: Nicki Minaj is going to have to put her...  
 Like Son, Like Father: Matching Tattoos for Justin Bieber and Dad!: Justin Bieber's father didn't ju...  
 Christopher Schwarzenegger Home From Hospital After Surfing Accident: That's two pieces of good news...  
 Jesse James and Kat Von D: Anatomy of a Split: The romance is over, but they'll always have the tatt...  
 Amy Winehouse's Father Details Singer's Final Hours: "She Passed Away Happy": As with any parent who...  
 Style Hive update Daily Obsesh - Honey Bronze Shimmering Dry Oil: 
 So True? So False? Does Bob Dylan Really Have a Rapping Grandson?!: Bob Dylan is, of course, a music...  
 Seventeen's Latest Chinese Laundry Donates Shoes to Needy Children: Did you know that one of the g...   fashion
 Ben Affleck's Baffling Justin Bieber Haircut Explained: In case anyone out there thinks that grown m...  
 Arnold Schwarzenegger Backtracks on Stingy Divorce Demands, Tweets Update on Son's Condition: Let th...  
 Seventeen's Latest Nicki Minaj and Ricky Martin Get Glam With MAC!: What do Lady Gaga, Fergie, Chr...   fashion
 Pink Has a Ball With Her Post-Pregnancy Workout: Pink has been busy getting the exercise party start...  
 Mark Ronson, Kelly Osbourne Among Mourners at Amy Winehouse Funeral, Cremation: Finally, some peace ...  
 Amy Winehouse's Home "Looked Like a Bomb Site": It's a horrible story, made even more horrible by th...  
 Jesse James and Kat Von D Are Dunzo: And here we thought they'd be together forever...guess not.
 Bachelorette Shockers! One Comes Back, One Bolts...and Then There Were Two: Ashley Hebert has met th...  
 What Will Become of Amy Winehouse's Music and Millions?: I hear Amy Winehouse had a ton of unrelease...  
 Justin Timberlake: Singing at Gay Wedding?: While it may be some time before Justin Timberlake relea...  
 Spoiler Chat: True Blood, Glee, Vampire Diaries and More!: Holy scoop, Batman! Do we have tons to te...  
 Denise Richards' Star-Studded Baby Shower: Just a few weeks ago, hot mom Denise Richards suprised us...  
 Teen Vogue Fashion: Ten Best Dressed: Week of July 17: Mila Kunis, Hailee Steinfeld, Emma Stone, and more make o... 
 Adele: Amy Winehouse "Paved the Way for Artists Like Me": Thanks to Amy Winehouse, Adele is no longe...  
 Jennifer Lopez and American Idol: Where's the New Contract?: Jennifer Lopez had more than her birthd...  
 Today Makes a Creepy Amy Winehouse Mistake: We all make mistakes, but...really?
 Blimey! Car Trouble for Kate and Pippa Middleton: Guess not everything Kate Middleton touches turns ...  
 What Really Ended Kristin Cavallari and Jay Cutler's Quickie Engagement?: Looks like Lauren Conrad w...  
 Watch Lamar Odom Pays Special Tribute to Deceased Cousin: Lamar Odom is a basketball star and, thank...  
 Style Hive update Daily Obsesh - Deena and Ozzy Quilted Stud Wallet: 
 Amy Winehouse Fans Get Apology From Microsoft After Tasteless Tweet: Following Amy Winehouse's passi...  
 Leighton Meester Targets Mom in Blistering Lawsuit, Claims She Used Bro's Medical Fund for Botox, Ha...  
 Seventeen's Latest Tweezerman Launches Harajuku Lovers Designer Series: Tweezerman is bringing eve...   fashion
 Lauryn Hill Welcomes Baby Boy After Brief Delivery Scare: Lauryn Hill welcomed a bouncing baby boy o...  
 Style Hive update Street Style - The Wild Side of Summer: 
 Coroner: Amy Winehouse's Death Not Suspicious: It was sudden. It was shocking. And it was tragic. Bu...  
 M.I.A., Big Boi Pay Tribute to Amy Winehouse in Song—Listen Now!: Tributes for Amy Winehouse continu...  
 Top 10 Biggest Comic-Con Jaw-Droppers: We went, we saw, we reported.
 Caught! Amanda Seyfried Gets Glam, Acts Like a Diva!: As much as we love the über-adorable Amanda Se...  
 Weekend Wrap-Up: Amy Winehouse Dies, Captain America Battles Harry Potter, Comic-Con Scoop: Missed t...  
 Amy Winehouse "Died Alone in Bed," Says Rep: Just one day after her passing, some details of Amy Win...  
 Seventeen's Latest Sponsored: Seventeen and JCPenney Present "Haul Nation" Contest!:  {
 True Blood Recap: Who's (Finally) Smooching Who?: Last week's episode left us with Sookie (Anna Paqu...  
 Amy Winehouse: What Made Her Happy, Rehab Requests and More in 2007 Interview: Amy Winehouse's music...  
 Kristin Cavallari and Chicago Bears' Jay Cutler: The Wedding Is Off!: Is Kristin Cavallari back on t...  
 Seventeen's Latest Win a Scooter From Radio Flyer!: Have you been looking for a fun way to get fro...   fashion
 Did Amy Winehouse Suffer the Curse of the 27 Club?: Jim Morrison died at 27, like Janis Joplin died ...  
 Amy Winehouse's Family Speaks Out: Amy Winehouse's father flew back to London as soon as he heard th...  
 Fail Brittania?! Captain America Stuns Harry Potter: Comic-Con and Captain America may just be the p...  
 Kim Kardashian Crashes Kris Humphries' Bachelor Party: So much for not seeing each other in Sin City...  
 Watch the (Hilarious, Amazing) Cowboys & Aliens Red Carpet Premiere From San Diego Comic-Con!: Atten...  
 Watch Live! The Spectacular Red Carpet at the Syfy/E! Comic-Con Party: Don't worry if you're not in ...  
 The Life of Amy Winehouse: A Timeline (Sept. 14, 1983 - July 23, 2011): Amy Winehouse passed away tr...  
 The Killing's Joel Kinnaman: Fans' Season-Finale Rage Was "Very Funny": Still burning over that oh-n...  
 The Life of Amy Winehouse: A Timeline (September 14, 1983 - July 23, 2011): Amy Winehouse passed awa...  
 Celebs Remember Amy Winehouse On Twitter: The music may be over but her memory lives on.
 Style Hive update Hot Roundup - Websnob Weekly Hot Picks: 
 Amy Winehouse Found Dead in London: In tragic news, Amy Winehouse was found dead in her London flat ...  
 Joshua Jackson Hospitalized After Suffering Allergic Reaction: All that jumping back and forth betwe...  
 Seventeen's Latest Protect Your Eyes from the Sun (in Style!): Before a day at the beach, there is...   fashion
 Dave Chappelle's Stand-Up Falls Flat At Miami Charity Event: Don't call it a comeback…just yet.
 Five Things You Gotta Know About Cowboys & Aliens: Cowboys & Aliens' Comic-Con world premiere is nig...  
 How to Get Channing Tatum to Smack You in the Face, and More Comic-Con Highlights: Channing Tatum's ...  
 Who's Had the Best Year So Far: Adele, Lady Gaga or Katy Perry?: Who has had a better 2011 so far: L...  
 Weston Cage Checks Into Rehab With Parents' Support: Weston Cage may have had his fair share of trou...  
 What's Better Than Twilight? Underworld, According to Some (Including Kate Beckinsale): Kate Beckins...  
 Fashion Police Show: Joan Rivers Bonus Clip: Jennifer Lopez was so inspired by Mila Kunis, she's goi...  
 Amazing Spider-Man Villain Revealed!: Who was that annoying fan who just had to ask a question befor...  
 Geeks Unite! The Big Bang Theory Brings Nerd Power (and Scoop) to Comic-Con: No sex might be a commo...  
 Leo & Blake: Going Strong as They Get Their Shop On!: Hmmm, we totally thought this couple was down ...  
 So True? So False? Is Reese Witherspoon Baby Bumpin'?!: Oh, Paris, land of l'amour.
 Warners Clamps Down on Leaked Footage from Woeful Wonder Woman Pilot: Everybody's favorite Amazon fa...  
 Kristen Stewart: Being Pregnant With a Demon Baby Was "Very Relatable": Breaking Dawn director Bill ...  
 Style Hive update ThisNext and Lucky Magazine Honor Jessica Alba!: 
 Steven Spielberg: Jurassic Park 4 Coming in "Two or Three Years": Steven Spielberg made his first-ev...  
 Comic-Con Shocker! Peter Jackson Drops in on Steven Spielberg, Talks Tintin and Hobbit: He showed!
 Teen Vogue Fashion: Q&A with Alexa of SmokeyPinkLeopard: Alexa of SmokeyPinkLeopard spills about her favorite ma... 
 Style Hive update Daily Obsesh - Zara Wide Stripe Bikini: 
 Arnold Schwarzenegger and Maria Shriver's 13-Year-Old Son Hospitalized After Surfing Accident: As if...  
 Sheriff Slams Duane "Dog" Chapman for Dropping Off "Injured, Contaminated" Suspect: Colorado law enf...  
 Live From Comic-Con, Day Two: True Blood, The Walking Dead, The Big Bang Theory & More!: 
 Seventeen's Latest Product Obsession of the Day: Clean Freak Refreshing Dry Shampoo: I'm always lo...   fashion
 Seventeen's Latest Cute Pic of the Day: Taylor Swift: Taylor
 Ginger No More! Katy Perry Goes Blonde: Katy Perry is no doubt breathing a sigh of relief.
 FBI to Talk to Jude Law About Phone-Hacking: Jude Law wants justice. And the feds apparently wants t...  
 Why Did the Glee Kids Have to Learn of Their Termination Via Twitter?: How is it possible that the t...  
 Nikki Reed's Peeps Put the Kibosh on Wedding Talk: You would think that someone who announced her en...  
 Dexter Attacks Comic-Con: Get the Roundup and Watch the Killer New Season-Six Video!: Set your DVRs ...  
 Watch Out, Chicago! LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian Are Comin' for Ya!: Is it that surprising?
 Live at So You Think You Can Dance: Top 10 Drops Two in a Tear-Filled Elimination: Another Thursday,...  
 Five Awesome Things We Heard From the Twilight Stars at Comic-Con: That Robert Pattinson is such a c...  
 Kim Kardashian & Kris Humphries' Engagement Party: Check Out the Pics!: Kim Kardashian and Kris Hump...  
 First Look: Drew Barrymore's Ad for Neiman Marcus: Look at Drew Barrymore work it!
 Justin Timberlake Surprises Comic-Con Crowd, Then Admits: "I'm Just an Ordinary Guy!": How do you to...  
 Movie Review: Captain America May Be Ripped, but His Movie's Still a 98-Pound Weakling: Review in a ...  
 Teen Mom's Jenelle Evans Violates Probation With Drug Use: Could Jenelle Evans be the reality star v...  
 So True? So False? Did Giuliana and Bill Rancic Really Sleep Together on Second Date?!: By now maybe...  
 Kim Kardashian's Wedding Gown: What Might It Look Like?: As another day passes, we are reminded that...  
 Man of Steel Delayed—Will It Join the Five Superman Movies That Never Got Made?: What's harder to ma...  
 Is Casey Anthony Hunting for a $1 Million Payday?: The question on everyone's mind after her acquitt...  
 Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson Get Naked for Breaking Dawn's "Hard-Core" Comic-Con Sneak Peek!...  
 Miley Cyrus, Ten-Hut! Star Nets Next Invite to Marine Ball as Linda Hamilton Picks Up Betty White's ...  
 Reese Witherspoon & Jim Toth: Honeymoon in Paris: Better late than never, right?
 Will Eva Longoria Be Getting Naked on Desperate Housewives?!: A sexy celebrity working out? Not the ...  
 Arnold Schwarzenegger: Hasta La Vista, Spousal Support?: The last action hero is firing back.
 Style Hive update VOLCOM Spring 2012 Fashion Show: 
 Lindsay Lohan: Judge Gets Tough, Orders Starlet to Start Therapy, Do Community Service Now…or Else!:...  
 Kim Kardashian Talks Wedding Shower and His & Hers Las Vegas Bachelor Parties: Kim Kardashian and Kr...  
 So True? So False? Did Spice Girl Mel B Really Call Madonna a "Bitch?!: Scary Spice doesn't think mu...  
 Watch Live! Lindsay Lohan Back in Court for Progress Hearing: What's this? Lindsay Lohan is going to...  
 Bridezilla Alert! Shannen Doherty's Wedding Gets Real: Our friends over at The Soup might want to cl...  
 Teen Mom's Amber Portwood: "On the Road to Recovery"...and Nashville?!: Could Amber Portwood wind up...  
 Weston Cage Caged Again for Domestic Violence: It appears "Cage rage" is taking on a much darker mea...  
 Jennifer Lopez, Ukranian Wedding Singer?!: We're thinking the last thing you want to do after announ...  
 Tom Cruise "Brought His F--king Game" Filming Rock of Ages: If Katie Holmes was blown away by hubby ...  
 Seventeen's Latest Win Britney Spears Perfume & See Her on Tour!: Is there anything Britney Spears...   fashion
 Katy Perry's "E.T." and "Firework" Have a Blast With MTV VMA Nominations: Looks like the nominations...  
 Toddlers & Tiaras' Olivia Sounds Off: "I. Don't. Like. You.": Toddlers & Tiaras finally features the...  
 What Does Selena Gomez Want for Her Birthday? A Day Off!: It must be tough to be Selena Gomez.
 So True? So False? Is Jessica Simpson Preggers?!: Is that a baby bump we spy on Jessica Simpson?!
 Which Reality Star Is Rockin' Rainbow Hair?: Sometimes you just need a little bit of color in your l...  
 Pulling a Paris: Five More Celebrity Interview Walkouts: Even Chris Brown stayed put (that is, until...  
 Kris Jenner's Plastic Surgeon Cuts Marriage With Model Wife: And another one bites the dust.
 Teen Vogue Fashion: What to Wear With a Denim Shirt: A reader reaches out for advice about what to wear with a c... 
 So True? So False? Did Britney Spears Really Get Sued Over Excessive Farting?!: Britney Spears has b...  
 Seventeen's Latest Help Break a World Record!: This is your chance to be a part of history! On Sat...   fashion
 Comic-Con Preview! Breaking Dawn, Spider-Man, Snow White and 12 More Huge Movies: Remember when Comi...  
 Who's Hotter Bald: Jake Gyllenhaal or Matt Damon?: Maybe bald really is beautiful.
 Teen Vogue Fashion: Ballet-Inspired Yoga at Home: Want to get your Black Swan on? Try this amazing ballet-inspir... 
 Style Hive update Daily Obsesh - MinkPink Behind Enemy Lines top: 
 So True? So False? Did Zach Braff Just Come Out as a Gay Man on His Website?: Just because Zach Braf...  
 Move Over, McSteamy, Alexander Skarsgård Officially Becomes the Hottest Doctor Around: Guess McSteam...  
 New Spider-Man Trailer Officially Released Day After Leak—Is It Amazing or Not?: Score one for the I...  
 Demi Lovato: "I'm Singing About Some Issues That I've Never Even Spoken About": Ex-Disney starlet De...  
 Grey's Anatomy's McSteamy, Eric Dane, Enters Rehab: McSteamy is getting McSober.
 Fauxdashian Alert! Kim Kardashian Sues Old Navy Over Campaign Clone: Not so super c-u-t-e now, is it...  
 Seventeen's Latest Win a $1000 Worth of Swimwear from Sofia Swimwear!: Just because you're startin...   fashion
 See Paris Hilton Walk Out of TV Interview: Paris Hilton is mighty sensitive to suggestions she's so ...  
 Hugh Grant's Awfully Big Phone-Hacking Victory: It's not quite a pie in the face of a nemesis, but H...  
 Michelle Obama to Guest Star on Extreme Makeover: Home Edition: When it comes to lending a hand, Mic...  
 Style Hive update Beauty Pick Me Up - The Ponytail Three Ways: 
 Kate Middleton: Does Prince William Worry She's Too Much Like Princess Diana?: With that skinny figu...  
 Glee's Mark Salling Talks Lea Michele, Chris Colfer and Cory Monteith's Exit—Is Puck Next?: By now y...  
 Rupert Murdoch's Not Alone: Five Other Pie Attacks Caught on Film!: Rupert Murdoch got pied.
 Does James Franco Have a Man Crush on Robert Pattinson?: You had better watch your back, Kristen Ste...  
 Teen Mom Recap: Law, Have Mercy: Well, that was an unsettling episode of Teen Mom. 
 Ryan Dunn's G4 Buds Pay Tribute to Late Jackass Star: Ryan Dunn is gone, but not forgotten.
 Who's in the Super-Skimpy Bikini? Oh Yes, It's Coco!: Ice-T isn't the only one who's loco for Coco.
 Who Will Get Max and Emme: Jennifer Lopez, Marc Anthony—or the Nannies?: Will Jennifer Lopez get the...  
 Teen Mom 2 BFF Becomes a Teen Mom Too: OK, so maybe she's not a teen mom (she recently turned 20), b...  
 Kendall & Kylie Jenner Ready to Date? They Guess!:  Kendall and Kylie Jenner may be young, but wow a...  
 David Beckham: Harper Seven Makes Debut on Daddy's Pink Cleats: Oh, David Beckham. There's something...  
 Justin Bieber Just Says No to Driving Under the Influence of Cell Phones: Justin Bieber wants you to...  
 Prince William & Kate Middleton's Summer Vacation Plans Are Fit for a Queen: Prince William and Kate...  
 Are Ryan Gosling's Crazy, Stupid Abs for Real?: By now we're all well aware that Ryan Gosling is fla...  
 Green Mile's Doug Hutchison & Teen Bride Courtney Stodden Talk Virginity, Surgery and That Age Gap: ...  
 Angelina Jolie Dishes on Her Kids' Exotic Snacks, Including Crickets!: Move over, Andrew Zimmern—Ang...  
 Rob and Kristen Don't Hold Back on a PDA-Packed Shopping Date: A little fender bender ain't keeping ...  
 16 and Pregnant Star Aubrey Wolters' Shocking Weight Loss Explained: A Giant Tumor!: 16 and Pregnant...  
 Five TV Shows That Overhauled Their Casts—and How They Fared: When Glee graduates Lea Michele, Cory ...  
 Kate Hudson Hits the Beach—but Where's Baby Bingham?: Has Kate Hudson somehow managed to lose a guy ...  
 Style Hive update GIVEAWAY! Bring The Exoticism of Bali To Your Wardrobe!: 
 The New Hunger Games Poster Is on Fire...Literally!: If The Hunger Games truly wants to be the next ...  
 Watch Murdoch Men Get Grilled (and Pie'd)! Claim Sienna Miller Hacking Was Tabloid's Tipping Point: ...  
 Teen Vogue Fashion: Fall 2011 Runway Trend: '80s Prints: Look forever young in these street-wise, playfully prin... 
 Style Hive update Daily Obsesh - Jen's Pirate Booty Natural Shell Ring: 
 Will Harry Potter Eclipse Twilight Saga? Teen Choice Tackles Epic Battle: Daniel Radcliffe and Co. a...  
 Seventeen's Latest Vanessa Hudgens Debuts New Short 'Do!: Vanessa Hudgens has traded in her signat...   fashion
 Emma Watson Conjures Up a Beauty of a Post-Potter Role: There's no time like the present to think ab...  
 Seventeen's Latest Win a $1000 Limo Service!: Ever
 Seventeen's Latest New York City Summer Street Style: Sarah, 24: New York City
 Khloé and Lamar Tweet Condolences to Teen's Family Following Fatal Car Accident: This is a particula...  
 Home Sweet Palace! Kate Middleton, Prince William Move Into Royal Digs: It's moving day at Kensingto...  
 New Amazing Spider-Man Trailer Leaked—and Yanked: This bites!
 Lady Gaga's Drug Confession to Howard Stern: Cocaine Is "The Devil": There seems to be nothing Lady ...  
 Brad's Friends Insist Angelina Is "Calling the Shots": In case you folks missed our little lesson bo...  
 Selena Gomez Reveals "Boring" Birthday Plans: Do They Involve Justin Bieber?: Happy birthday, Selena...  
 Five Things You Gotta Know About Captain America: The problem with the summer of the superhero movie...  
 Nikki Blonsky Called Out: She Was Working at Shoe Store, Insists Former Boss: Someone had better tel...  
 Can You Handle Hollywood's Sexiest Geeks?: Think the geek world is one reserved only for the guys? O...  
 Neil Patrick Harris Explains Origin of His Twins' Names: Sure, it's all joyous and exciting to find ...  
 The Bachelorette Goes Home With Four Guys, but Only Keeps Three Hearts: Family visits on The Bachelo...  
 Will a Twilight Baby Beat Harry Potter's Box Office Record?: Please tell me that the last two Twilig...  
 Prince William and Kate Middleton Not on Team Potter?!: In an effort to live out their vow to stay l...  
 Spoiler Chat: Get Scoop on True Blood, Community, Bones and More!: True Blood fans, you've been wait...  
 Semper Forget It: Betty White Turns Down Date to Marine Corps Ball: The Marine Corps Ball just got a...  
 Whose Celeb Kid Is Model Material?: They grow up so fast!
 Forget Planking, Hilary Duff Shows Off Her Owling Skills!: Planking is so yesterday.
 Is Newly Svelte Katie Holmes Getting Scary-Skinny?: It's been all about pool parties and bikinis for...  
 Rebecca Black's New Video: Is It as Awesome (or Awful) as "Friday"?: Rebecca Black is looking to pro...  
 Jersey Shore First Look: The Situation and Snooki's Smushing Smackdown: Season four of Jersey  Shore...  
 Teen Vogue Fashion: Ten Best Dressed: Week of July 10: Chloe Moretz, Emma Watson, and Whitney Port and more make... 
 Teen Vogue Fashion: Natalie Suarez of Natalie Off Duty: Natalie Suarez of Natalie Off Duty spills her secrets ab... 
 Behind the Breakup: Marc Anthony Had "Jealousy Issues" With Jennifer Lopez: Yes, Jennifer Lopez is "...  
 Vanessa Hudgens vs. Ashley Tisdale: Whose New 'Do Is Worse?: Best friends and costars Ashley Tisdale...  
 Will Indian Jones Be Cracking His Whip Again Soon? Here's What Harrison Ford Says...: One thing is c...  
 Style Hive update Daily Obsesh - Leather Festival Purse: 
 So True? So False? Did Jennifer Lopez's Music Video Hunk Play a Part in Her Divorce?!: Well, it woul...  
 TV Update: Rachel Berry's Mom Returning to Glee!: Hey, Glee fans. Do you remember that one time Quin...  
 The Mystery of Lady Gaga's YouTube Shutdown: And she's back! Um, almost.
 Demi Lovato's Secret Hookup? Ryan Phillippe!: She's 18. He's 36.
 Is Selena Gomez the Next Angelina Jolie?: It's no secret that Selena Gomez is multitalented.
 Russell Brand and Katy Perry Headed for Splitsville?! Couple Hit Back at "Trash" Tabloids: Oh, to be...  
 Seventeen's Latest Win a $1000 Urbanog.com Gift Certificate!: Urbanog.com is one of the cutest bou...   fashion
 It's Official: Charlie Sheen Ready for Anger Management: Well, this ought to set therapy back 100 ye...  
 So True? So False? Is Ex-Pussycat Doll Nicole Scherzinger Engaged to Cars 2 Star?!: She's got The X ...  
 Jennifer Who? Marc Anthony Flirts With Fans: "They Say I'm a Single Man": Three days after dropping ...  
 Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Crash Malibu Wedding: When it comes to Justin Bieber unexpectedly dro...  
 Another Marine Proposition! First Mila, Then Justin, Now...Betty White?!: What can we say? The heart...  
 Style Hive update Street Style - How To Wear The High-Waisted Trend: 
 Is Harry Potter Finally Too Big for the Oscars to Ignore?: Harry Potter was very, very good to Holly...  
 Weekend Wrap-Up: Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony Split, Harry Potter Rules and Lots of Babies!: Too ...  
 Feast Your Eyes on the Hunkiest Hotties of Sci-Fi: Sci-fi movies have always been an epic part of ou...  
 The Walking Dead's Smashing Sneak Preview, Plus Scoop From the Brain of Creator Robert Kirkman: If w...  
 True Blood Recap: Sookie Attracts Abtastic Men!: Yeah, there was a little women's soccer game this S...  
 Khloé Kardashian's Husband Lamar Odom Involved in Car Accident: Khloé Kardashian Odom's hubby Lamar ...  
 Ivanka Trump and Husband Welcome Baby Girl!: Ivanka Trump can now add being a mom to her résumé. 
 Cute Alert! David Beckham Posts Pic of Sleeping Posh & Harper: If a picture is worth a thousand word...  
 Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony's Reality Show Still a Go Despite Split: Just because they couldn't ...  
 Real Housewives? "We're Better Than That," Says New Big Rich Texas Star: Move over, Real Housewives....  
 Seventeen's Latest Win a $1000 HTC Phone Bundle!: This is the ultimate freebie for any gadget girl...   fashion
 Harry Potter Rules! (The Dark Knight and Carmageddon Schooled!): The boy who lived went out on top.
 Beyoncé Goes into Orbit With Space Station Shout Out!: Girls may already rule the world, but Beyoncé...  
 Jennifer Lopez: Post-Split Plans to Leave the Country!: Jennifer Lopez isn't letting her just-announ...  
 Jane Fonda Rips QVC After Her TV Appearance Gets Scuttled: Jane Fonda is fighting back.
 Style Hive update Hot Roundup - Websnob Weekly Hot Picks: 
 Seventeen's Latest Win a $1000 Worth of Abbey Dawn Clothing and Accessories!: Avril Lavigne is kno...   fashion
 Harry Potter: History-Maker!: How big was Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2's opening day?...  
 Justin Timberlake Accepts the Call to the Marine Corps Ball: Looks like Mila Kunis won't be the only...  
 Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony: Anatomy of a Split: Consider us taken to the floor.
 Vanessa Minnillo and Nick Lachey Tie the Knot!: Nick Lachey and Vanessa Minnillo are officially husb...  
 Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony Call It Quits: Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony are headed to splitsv...  
 Teen Vogue Fashion: Lauren Conrad On Her New Fashion Line Paper Crown: The reality superstar and former Teen Vog... 
 Paris Hilton's Alleged Stalker Isn't Making This Easy: The world according to Paris Hilton's stalker...  
 Joss Stone Dishes on the Royal Wedding and Her Foiled Kidnapping Attempt: Joss Stone hasn't let the ...  
 Teen Vogue Fashion: Runway Beauty Trend: Colored Hair: From pretty pinks to red-hot reds, we are over the rainbo... 
 Ryan Seacrest Gives Back in a Big Way, Opens Broadcast Center at Children's Hospital: Seriously, is ...  
 Style Hive update Daily Obsesh - Floral Engraved ID Case: 
 Taylor Swift Launches Her First Perfume: As if dominating the country music scene weren't enough, Ta...  
 Seventeen's Latest Beauty Smarties Video: Kat's Audrina Patridge Inspired Look!: Looking for a new...   fashion
 Harry Potter Eclipsed Eclipse at Midnight by How Much?!: Not that the Harry Potter franchise is ever...  
 Seventeen's Latest Win a $1000 Torrid Gift Card!: 
 What the Bingham? Kate Hudson's Baby Daddy Explains New Son's Name: When celebs pop out offspring th...  
 So True? So False? Does Nikki Blonsky Really Work at a Shoe Store?!: It's not like we haven't heard ...  
 Seventeen's Latest Taylor Swift Launches a Fragrance!: Taylor Swift is the ultimate girly-girl (sh...   fashion
 Style Hive update Payday Splurge (Shop Through Carmageddon)!: 
 Celebs Put Their Kids to Work: Nepotism Never Looked So Good!: While Suri Cruise won't be making her...  
 It's Carmageddon! Top Five Traffic Movie Scenes: Usually, the four horsemen of the apocalypse would ...  
 Bristol Palin Can't Stop Talking About Losing Virginity: Here we go again.
 Does Lindsay Lohan Really Think She Deserved Natalie Portman's Oscar?!: Should every young actress w...  
 Hugh Grant Sets Sail in The Pirates! Band of Misfits: Hugh Grant may have no sympathy for hackers, b...  
 So You Think You Can Dance Elimination: Did Your Favorite 10 Make the Cut?: Heading into tonight on ...  
 Sharon Osbourne Reunites With Family Jewels Thanks to Crimewatch: Losing jewelry is devastating to a...  
 Movie Review: Relax! They Didn't Screw Up Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2: Review in a ...  
 Brad Pitt: A-List Actor Turned Pro Athlete?: Good news for Brad Pitt.
 Chris Colfer Talks Surprise Glee Exit and "Sweet" Emmy Nom: Ryan Murphy sure knows how to run a TV s...  
 How Much for Lady Gaga to Work Your Sweet 16?: How much do you think it would cost to have Lady Gaga...  
 Watch Kris Jenner Go Under the Knife to Prep for Kim Kardashian's Wedding Day!: Who says the "someth...  
 Victoria Beckham Expresses Her Love for New Baby via Twitter: When it comes to her new bundle of joy...  
 Can Sarah Palin Beat Harry Potter?: Sure, Sarah Palin believes she can beat President  Barack Obama ...  
 Style Hive update Daily Obsesh - J. Crew Metallic Linen Sweatshirt: 
 Seventeen's Latest Guest Blog: Beauty Tips from Miss Teen USA!: My
 Seventeen's Latest Win a $1000 JC Penney Gift Card!: Who doesn't love a style bargain? JC Penney a...   fashion
 Seventeen's Latest Beauty Smarties Video: Kat Gets Inspiration From Seventeen's New Book!: Ever ge...   fashion
 Teen Vogue Fashion: How to Get Emma Watson's Gorgeous Bob: The star's very own hair stylist Rodney Cutler shows ... 
 True Blood's Alexander Skarsgård Transforms From Vampire to Viking!: The only thing better than Alex...  
 Jake Gyllenhaal's Close Call—Gets Caught in South L.A. Gang Shooting!: First the Icelandic wildernes...  
 Were Scotty and Lauren the Kiss of Death for American Idol at the Emmy Nominations?: American Idol's...  
 Did House's Hugh Laurie Go Too Far to Snag an Emmy Nomination?: Going into today, Hugh Laurie had be...  
 Did the Emmy Nominations Cut Lea Michele, Too?: The big TV news late yesterday was that Lea Michele,...  
 Emmy Nominations! Did Glee Suffer a Sophomore Slump?: Last year, Glee was a whiz kid—the series newc...  
 Why Won't the Glee Crew Make Even a Peep About Chord Overstreet?: Ever since the shocking announceme...  
 Potter Mates Puzzled by Daniel Radcliffe's Drinking Problem: We're all for admitting your Vices, Dan...  
 Who Are the Top 10 Harry Potter Villains?: The end is here! And with Harry Potter and the Deathly Ha...  
 Live at So You Think You Can Dance: Mixed Reviews Leave Everyone Guessing Who'll Be the Bottom Two: ...  
 Toddlers & Tiaras: "I'm Kinda Confused About a 20-Year-Old Beating a 7-Year-Old": Well, that was a d...  
 Kendra Wilkinson-Baskett & Hank Baskett Talk Baby Milestones: Swimming, Talking and…Saying "S--t"?!:...  
 Which Harry Potter Stars Will Be Big After It's Over?: You predicted the acting careers of the Twili...  
 Are Giuliana and Bill Looking for a Surrogate?: Giuliana Rancic still wants to have a baby. Even so,...  
 Sharon Stone Falls Victim to Jury's Basic Instinct: Sharon Stone's total recall wasn't good enough i...  
 Sister Wives Family Fights for Right to Live Like Polygamists: The family that stays together, sues ...  
 World Premiere! Demi Lovato Is Stronger Than Ever in "Skyscraper": Who needs bells and whistles when...  
 First Look: Hugh Hefner's Shocking Revelation to Holly and Kendra in Runaway Bride Special!: Our hea...  
 Halle Berry's Unwanted Visitor: I'm No Stalker!: Halle Berry's unwanted houseguest didn't make any g...  
 Teen Vogue Fashion: What To Wear Camping: Trek the trails this summer with the trendiest camping gear. While the... 
 Cops Believe in Bloody Nicki Minaj Smackdown, Even If Nicki Doesn't: Nicki Minaj can probably be pre...  
 Teen Vogue Fashion: Personal-Style Blogger Trend: Crop Tops: If you've got it, flaunt it! Our favorite personal-... 
 So True? So False? Does Zac Efron Really Have a Third (or Fourth) Nipple?!: You'd think with the amo...  
 Hugh Grant: Rupert Murdoch "Terrified" Police and Politicos, Talks Possible 9/11 Phone-Hacking Victi...  
 Daniel Baldwin's Double Whammy: Divorcing and Restraining Wife!: Not a banner week in Baldwinland.
 Foo Fighters' Dave Grohl Kicks Fighting Fan Out of Concert: Um, hey music lovers? Foo Fighters is a ...  
 Scarlett Johansson? Charlize Theron? Who's Ryan Reynolds Dating Now?: When you're dubbed People's Se...  
 Nude Pics of Gavin Rossdale's Model Daughter Coming to Playboy: Gavin Rossdale had better shield his...  
 Style Hive update Daily Obsesh - Urban Outfitters Delicate Agate Slice Pendant Necklace: 
 Khloé Kardashian Odom Planning Super-Dirty Bachelorette Party for Kim!: Break out the penis straws a...  
 Violence Erupts on Jerseylicious: Olivia Kicks Tracy in Head During Bar Fight: The fighting between ...  
 Seventeen's Latest Lady Gaga's Crazy Hair Look of the Day!: Aren't you just green with envy lookin...   fashion
 Demi Lovato Gets Brutally Honest, Talks Rehab, Cutting and Rebuilding With "Skyscraper": Demi Lovato...  
 Seventeen's Latest Win a $1000 Umbra Gift Card!: Looking for a way to give your room a bit of an e...   fashion
 Look Out, London! Kelly Osbourne Fights Crime, Looks Good Doing It: Turns out, it's not just fashion...  
 For Robert Downey Jr., New Sherlock Holmes Movie Is a Real Drag: If you ever wondered what Robert Do...  
 Did Nicki Minaj Really Get Smacked Down by a Man? Hell No! (Just Ask Her): Note to men everywhere: i...  
 So True? So False? Is Charlie Sheen Dead?!: Calling all warlocks, we repeat, calling all warlocks! G...  
 Why Didn't America Get to Witness the Epic Glee Live! Same-Sex Kisses?: During the swan-song perform...  
 Style Hive update $200 Sephora Shopping Spree! Show Us Your Best Summer Beauty Look!: 
 Five Best Brady Bunch Episodes Ever: Rumor has it, The Brady Bunch didn't start out as a rerun.
 Teen Mom Recap: Home Is Where the Heart Is...As Long as You Don't Live in Tennessee: They may not ha...  
 Play Ball! Justin Timberlake and Brad Pitt Toast America's Pastime: Justin Timberlake may prefer gol...  
 Ted Danson Joins CSI (But What About Bored to Death?!): CSI's newest star isn't a lawyer, but he cer...  
 Neil Patrick Harris and Jayma Mays Reveal Their Smurfland Alter Egos: So, we may not have been the b...  
 Victoria Beckham's New Baby Stroller Cost How Much?: Leave it to Victoria Beckham to order a very po...  
 Watch The X Factor Sneak Preview: Are You Excited?!: Simon Cowell has promised that the U.S. premier...  
 Harry Potter's Emma Watson "Pushes the Envelope" in New Sex, Drug Flick: Say goodbye to good old Her...  
 Soccer Studs Congratulate David Beckham on Baby Girl: We can imagine the rush of congrats messages V...  
