 Just completed a 3.51 mi run - Close to race conditions. Bit longer than i think the full length is.  ...  
 Nine year-old Chinese girl doing the shuffle. AMAZING. 
 Original polaroid.  
 Great post: Can’t Find a Technical Co-Founder? Do It Yourself | Vinicius Vacanti  /cc 
  Nice work dude!
  awesome that you're going too - first time?
  yes! I would definitely love an intro: burningmanrides
  it's delicious! Also good to run into you again. How are things?
  someone is drunk tweeting =)
  hahahah - nice
 RamenChili. Part of a complete and balanced diet.    Awesome Town 
  yeah! I've been good. Started a startup w/ 2 friends. Living the dream! Working out of the apt, looking to change the world. =)
   congrats on getting hitched!
 Great post by my friend  Lack of Criticism in Philanthropy Causing Failure 
 RT  AP Finally Learns that You Can Link to Other Sites on the Internet  ()
  yikes. Let me know if your skin starts peeling.
   fair. It's not all ready yet. Sorry for unaligned expectations
       hell yeah! Go 
  - are you looking for a roommate? I have a friend who might be able to help. Just connected him with 
 Exactly my experiences as I've grown my blog: The Art of Ass-Kicking - Legacy Projects and the Love of True Friends 
 Damn. RT  20 hours after posting an ad for a room on craigslist, we have 95 replies. insane housing market, indeed
 RT  20 hours after posting an ad for a room on craigslist, we have 95 replies. insane housing market, indeed
 RT  20 hours after posting an ad for a room on craigslist, we have 95 replies. insane housing market, indeed
 A former colleague texted me out of the blue: “Positive cash flow is one of the hardest f—ing things in the world.” 
 RT  41 Blog Post Ideas for Your Company Blog 
 RT  My buddy  wrote an ass-kicking overview of 'The Anatomy of a Great Email Introduction' 
  I agree - that's a pretty 1337 setup. Let me know when it's up!
   hootsuite. When I mean social media, right now that's just twitter. I'm sure it'll get more complex along the way
  It *was between 20 and 24 but I would settle now for between 24 and 27, haha. 
 Love it. RT   
 Amazing. Is that even safe? RT  Showering with cascade dishwasher detergent. Startup life at its finest. 
 Just completed a 3.10 mi run - Decent. Thought I was done at 2.88. Had to keep going on empty tank. K ...  
 RT  Caltrain may be the only public transport in world where all 3 parties next to u are all talking about funding/valuation ...
  I see you're blogging again. Congrats!
  hootsuite
 Just picked our social media dashboard provider. Shit just got real. 
 Cute little music video featuring Emma Watson. Catchy song too:  PS - watch all the way to the end!
  is that fisherman's wharf? How are you liking SF?
 Planning a company showing of "The Social Network" sometime. It's like the startup version of watching "Miracle" or "300" before a big meet.
  thanks. Got on board the other day. How long will it take to do the first backup? I'm using like 200 gigs
 Startup Fitness Advice from Battle-Hardened Entrepreneurs  
   how do you have it set up? Never heard of content creation via ifttt
    preferably female too then, no?
  is that a good or bad thing?
  why not just list on eBay? Probably get more for it
 RT  switched my terminal colors back to the matrix style green on black so i can feel more hardcore, magenta on beige wasn't  ...
  longing for something out of the ordinary - where the rules have changed. I read tons of fantasy as a kid - it's less appealing now
 I'm learning lessons in patience every day.
  Crazy right? I can't believe it's gotten so dramatic...
  to others, bccing cofounders
 RT  RT  How Major Tech Companies Got Their Names 
 The Anatomy of a Great Email Introduction | The Art of Ass-Kicking 
  Thanks Ana! I love yr blog name -  Ender's Game was amazing. Btw, have you met my roommate  He's doing cool 3d stuff.
  no, just bcc's to all which goes to all of us
 RT  The Internet needs a word or phrase that signifies "I don't know, but can find out using the Internet."
 I think my emails are better b/c I know my cofounders will read them. Makes me more careful with wording & how I phrase things. 
 RT  Anyone have a friend who has migrated a huge wordpress blog from a shared to dedicated server & would be willing to help m ...
    working on TBA startup w/ friends from  &  Will need yr job match product someday!
  For sure. Social pressure is great for me. But also just a personal commitment to close the deal. What are you working on? =)
  Honestly, if they're important and you really want to get them, you should remember! =)
  Write them down, send an email to close friends, set up a biweekly call w/ someone, set a reminder on your phone
   Great coaches have taken athletes way farther than they personally have ever gone.
  Pick your 6 mo goals and start gunning. Alternatively, map out backwards what you need to achieve the biggest long term goals
  Thanks for those. Was trying to help my friend identify good places to work.
 RT   Kiva, Dlight (started at Stanford), and my fav: samasource
  Bummer! I'm getting backblaze today!
  good to see you on twitter!
 My kind of man. "I approached cancer as if I were preparing for a game against a tough opponent" - Coach Jack 
 Great article on unemployment that combines clear data & analysis with soul-tugging personal experience. 
 What are some examples of well run social good ventures (for-profit or not) that operate in the Bay Area? Know any good ones?
 Solid advice for job seekers in the tech industry: The Secret Formula To Never Being Unemployed 
  lemme know where your team's hot tub is and I'm there!
 A birthday at a wine vineyard - pretty much the coolest thing ever. Lots to drink and a pool too! 
   aw thanks guys. Appreciate the love. Let me know if I can do anything to help you out!
  Glad you liked the post. Thanks for sharing!
 Advice from Somewhere  
  Glad it did something for you. Will do!
  haha awesome - thanks for that
 Whoa!! 
 My buddy  recommended I use  for my  blog. It's been working out so far. Check it out! 
  out on the town or at a costume party?
 Double disappointment tonight: no Dark Knight Rises trailer at the HP showing AND after finding the trailer online - it kind of sucks
 Just saw a  commercial at the theater. Interesting...
 It all ends, tonight. 
  right? Great perspective to have.
  glad you liked it!
  thanks for sharing!
  you're damn right.
  I'm glad you found it useful! It was such a pain to set things up the first time...
 Great little short story: The Egg 
  what were you waiting for?
  Amazing right? The  hashtag was made popular by  who always knows what's hot
  Thanks dude. I've got a lot of follow up emails to send.
  This is a great idea
 I'm pretty sure this is the hardest I've ever worked my network for leads. It's coming along pretty damn well.  /cc 
  Hey! How are you getting there? Are you riding with a group? Driving? Not sure? DM your email - I'm working on something cool
  cool awesome man
  good luck!
  haha thanks? Is that a response to something? Also I think you spelled "you're" wrong
  pretty recently. They've been working on the redesign for a while, and it's finally here. I'm pretty sure we'll all get used to it
 Anyone going to Burning Man this year? I want to talk to you! =)
 So the guys over at  pulled an awesome stunt - isocket ads on the blog of  CEO. Hilarious. 
 New post: my buddy  shares some powerful thoughts on holding a mindset of possibility: 
  yeah i just read that actually off  tweet feed. Hilarious! Did you just buy an ad on his blog using FM itself?
 If you liked this  comic on 3d printing, () then you'll looove my friend  new startup: 
  I see you've changed your avatar... I like the new pic! =)
 The Power of Having a Mindset of Infinite Opportunity [guest post] | The Art of Ass-Kicking 
 They're serious about building a 100 year company! Wow... Evernote Gets $50 Million in Funding 
 Trying to manage contacts w/  Highrise but it doesn't quite do what I want... wish I could edit multiple entries on one pg!
 So true! RT  "The asset I most value, aside from health, is interesting, diverse, and long-standing friends" - Warren Buffett
  thanks for sharing!
  I'm being careful don't worry! Thanks for looking out
  haha glad you enjoyed it!
 New post - my best negotiation story to date 
 Just completed a 1.80 mi run - Intervals. Hot out. Blew load on 1st half of 1st sprint. Haha. .  
  Cool - that'll be interesting to see
 RT  . if you rollback your redesign I'll rollback to Digg v3...
 Look, I know you just want us to see that you're top 4 =P RT  seeing some cool updates to anyasq.com -- great site, check it out
  Yeah I agree - everyone gets upset and then it blows over ... unless you actually suck
  Enjoyed your post on Google+. If only more hackers thought abt their product / competitors so carefully... What's next for you?
 Love using  photos, notes and social contact profiles for Gmail. Saves me tons of time in looking up ppl 
  yeah it's a tough spot to be in. I hope you're at least doing A LOT of strength this summer
  oh wow. Are you going in right away? Might be worth training a year, getting stronger, learning new skills ... Just a thought
  cool. Keep up the good work. You thinking about doing college gymnastics?
  my pleasure! How old are you / what level are you in?
  not bad. Gotta get tighter, esp on the Russians. Push down on the rings on yamakwakis so you get height & don't bend yr arms.
  nice work dude. You're becoming a touch typing monster! Rar!
   sweet! What did you guys talk about?
  No app but I have a feeling if you do this, you won't have many problems finding a good one:  =)
 RT  Dinner with      and 7 other awsme entrepreneurs. /cc  we're driv ...
  It's not too late ;-)
 Using Facetime to help visualize the back of my head as  trims. Photo credit by  
 I’m Running a 5k | The Art of Ass-Kicking 
  Like.
 RT  MixRank blog, "We are officially launching" 
 RT  No one ever posts a missed connection for me on craigslist. 
  just pop open a window with streaming video and crack open a cold one at your desk. 
    looks way too excited in that pic
   yummm
 RT  Mentions the Startup Fitness article  & I wrote! RT  A Weekly Round-Up of Small-Business News  ...
   Don't send me this & tell me he reminds you of me. I hope I create more value than that.. 
 Just completed a 1.93 mi run - First run in a week. With Kalvin. No brace. Felt ok. .  
 Just finished cutting the video. You'll like it. =) /cc        
 I promise. =) RT   don't let me see you like this. 
    hahahha. Love it.
  Right? I'm just searching for "Dubstep remix 2011" on youtube and finding some great gems
 Listening to Turntable.fm has gotten me really into Dubstep. Eg: This Katie Perry remix: 
  hot
  hor
  thanks dude! How's it going with you?
 Further Thoughts on Getting Chewed Out [guest post] - The Art of Ass-Kicking 
  It's true. Lots of celebrities aren't bright but there are def some very sharp ones out there (JayZ, Eminem, Damon, Jolie, etc)
  This is great! I signed up for future updates. I do similar email quarterly for my personal network. You've been added.. =)
  Hahah - a little ironic?
 Looking at the supreme art of our age.  
  apparently  found him on fb. They went to MIT together.  Haha 
 "It's not good enough that I should succeed, others must fail" - Kevin Chang  /via 
  I like it.
  just sent you a note about this gig!
  think I added you via mailchimp app but accidentally wrote Jason shen as name & can't change it. Sleeping now, can fix in morning...
  SF is great - lots of work ahead for us, but an exciting direction. Also no more Google+ invites. They took them away.. =(
  hahaha - you're already in dude! =P
 Sending a really cool opportunity to my email subscribers at: . Subscribe before the morning and you might catch it!
  I like it. It's true - too many people like they need permission to do something interesting & only "special" ppl succeed
 Want To See Which Ads Perform Best? YC-Backed MixRank Is A Spy Tool For AdSense  via 
  you're neither a father nor an inliner skater. Iffy about the diabetic...
  pretty cool. if I wasn't starting something of my own I'd be sorely tempted =) Have fun!
  DM your email and I'll send you one =)
  crazy right? this thing might actually take off. best launch I've seen Google do in years
   is this a vacation or are you going to work out there too?
  thanks dude!
  tried artsy editor just now. I know I was skeptical about the need but it looks like you've put together pretty slick. nice!
 RT  Am I enough of an authority figure to self-sign an SSL certificate? I'm having trouble convincing  that I'm r ...
  haha - thanks! glad you're liking the blog. How did you stumble across it?
  that's fair. It's meant to push the envelope a bit.
  thanks! Glad you enjoyed it!
   Thanks for checking out my stuff. I know it's pretty out there. Curious - what do you find problematic about it?
 A letter to a friend on regaining confidence after they've lost it - 
  interesting! Will watch out for it!
  Found you via:  when are you planning to write more about entrepreneurship? Saw no posts yet =P
   I thought people said good things about SVB? We're with BoA for now but probably will switch down the road?
  haha - no unfortunately not. you?
  I have it but I don't think I've actually earned any money yet. Why?
  Weird. Try this: 
 Getting Your Groove Back | The Art of Ass-Kicking 
  Haha - I really do think it boosts my mood (once it's over!)
   Glad we could be useful! =)
 Me and  are at it again: Start Up Fitness: An Entrepreneur’s Guide to Working Out. 
  Just finished Before I Go to Sleep in 48 hrs. Riveting! I love stories that relate to memories - core part of our identities...
 Proud Thai.    Osha Thai Noodle Cafe 
 Just completed a 3.14 mi run - Broke 30 mins on 3 miles! Cold day helped. .  
 Gripping - it's like Memento as a novel... Before I Go to Sleep: A Novel by S. J. Watson 
  gross
  What kind of workouts do you do? Maybe alternate hard / light days?
  sorry to keep you up but thanks for the message! Hope the soreness gets worked out of the system!
 A New York Times Candle That Smells Like Newsprint  /cc   
 Just completed a 1.71 mi run - Ran with Kalvin through Saratoga high. Light day but held a 8 min pace ...  
 The world has changed: People Are Spending More Time In Mobile Apps Than On The Web 
 RT  OH: "I don't care what anyone tells you, your chances of funding are slim if you aren't in SF or NYC" - 
 Distribution is the new currency. I'd rather have a friend who was generous with his twitter/blog following than one generous with his $$.
 New post: Love the Hate 
  Thanks Robin! Glad you liked it.
 If you do good creative work, you will get people hating on it. Here's what I think about that. 
  yeah I didn't notice that! Not sure but it worked out well!
 "I'm someone who can't save," she said. "I just want to win the big money." 
 Just completed a 3.05 mi run - Longest run ever. Training for the 5k off to a good start. Slightly sl ...  
 "Pretty soon you find out, you're just filling the space around the ads."  /cc  
 After 7 years of living in the Bay Area - finally got my CA driver's license.    Awesome Town 
 Stunningly beautiful HD video of San Francisco 
  tethering is truly amazing.
  sweet! Awesome to hear it!
 RT  Threw out all of my socks. Bought 1 dozen matching new ones. Slept for 12 hours. 
  that's awesome dude!
  We're going to have a party in early July. You are definitely invited! /cc 
  yeah no problem!
 From Me To You. Photo-animations = Really cool. 
  haha. Is that your fault or the cat's?
  sorry to hear it. I'm loving runkeeper - keep up the great work
 Word. 
  fail
  Congrats! That's so awesome!
 Tim Ferriss's Life Hacks | Mental Conditioning | OutsideOnline.com 
 Haha. RT  I'm most intrigued by the quotes around free 
 Just completed a 2.36 mi run - A few days off. More walking and faster run pace. In city. .  
  at my peak on the rings? Maybe 15-18.
 "The secret to internet reputation is to write more. If you aren't writing 
 What do you do now? Does your trivia knowledge help at all?  
 Answered: "What kind of strength training did you do?" 
   glad you guys found it useful! Good luck at your next conference!
 Interviewed the awesome  about social entrepreneurship, being an eagle scout and staying high energy. 
  oops - happens to the best of us! =)
 The secret startup weapon of me &  
 Got sent this awesome video on how tough cold showers can be when you're not prepared. Hilarious and very real. 
 An Embarassed Eagle Scout: Ted Gonder in Kick Ass Interview 5 - The Art of Ass-Kicking 
 What's the ultimate vision for AnyAsq?  
 Answered: "Why did you stop?" 
  crushing it so hard we missed our call =(
 RT  Comparing X-Men: First Class to The Dark Knight is like comparing The Village People to Seal Team 6.
 Answered: "Can you tell us a bit about your diet? Was this monitored/administered by the school?" 
 RT  Every Fucking Pricing Page -  
 I'm at Awesome Town (Howard, 8th, San Francisco) 
  picture please!
  btw I saw alicia and her husband and explained the honey-do-list. He was like "and why would I do these things?" haha 
 Nice! RT  Just had 1st cold shower after reading a bad ass article by  Hyper ventilated a bit but feeling awesome after.
 What lessons from your EMT experience to you bring to your life today?  
 Answered: "Was training in college more intense than in high school? What was the typical training day like?" 
 Remember what you were doing a year ago today on Facebook? I just signed up to find out at 
 Just completed a 1.20 mi run - Paused midway to do pushups. Intentionally slower paced. .  
 Rare interview with Bill Gates on his family, his foundation and his role at MSFT today.  /via 
 Is Quora the new blogging platform? I didn't realize people did this! 
  oh man, bummer!
  you gotta give it a try! Takes a little getting used to but it's totally worth it. =)
 Inspiring article for non-technical folks like me: Why Everyone Should Learn to Program 
   ??
  aw thanks! I'm glad you're finding it useful. Blogging definitely takes time but I think it's worth it.
 I’m using  to *tweet* from Gmail!  Get early access here:  :)
  awesome! you should try runkeeper - I love it.
 People around the office have started to talk in hashtags — ‘Hashtag sorry I’m late,’ or ‘Hashtag bad day.’ 
  the farthest I had to run in competition was 90 feet down the vault runway, which I stopped doing since the injury 4 years ago.
  hahahahah I never could run a mile that fast. This is the difference between a former soccer player and a former gymnast.
  interesting. I've avoided intervals *b/c* of the bum knee. Sprinting = more pounding. My vibrams really help - No pain w/ barefoot!
 Make it happen! RT  Taking Cold Showers - The Art of Ass-Kicking  via   off to try that! \m/
  alright deal. What's your pace for a 1.5 mike run? (my schedule is longish run, shorter run, no run just pushups)
   But I'm not 100% sure what the point of the network is / why folks should get involved. Can you help clarify?
   hey girls, just checked in with  again, see that you're now a network of gen-y bloggers. Sweet!
  this is the problem with writing these kinds of articles. Your persona becomes larger / more hardcore than your actual self.
  I like to do the reverse of the James Bond - cold right away then warm up. To each their own. Thanks for giving it a shot!
  Nice find!  looks really sweet. Hey  anyway you can fast-track my invite? =) =)
  hahaha - you know what, I'm starting out with this running thing and that is not the motivation I need. =P
 Just posted a 2.22 mi run  
  did you give it a try? what did you think?
 Answered: "Did you ever think of training for the Olympics?" 
 Answered: "What apparatus was your specialty?" 
  thanks - glad you liked it!
  look at the tweet I replied to. You mention never imagining you'd find an article that talks about you
  Wait - I talked about you?
  also - my friend is re-launching a product geared toward new moms - can I connect you two? (it's around baby photos)
  Yup! Ran the Stanford Daily for a yr post-grad. Launched email digest, twitter feed, built sales team, cut expenses. Tough gig!
  heeeeey
  yeah but it's also a friend's project
 This story is amazing. What are you doing now? Are you still in technology?  
 I was a nationally competitive gymnast for 10 years. Ask me anything. 
  I use bitly pro - and hooked it up to a domain I bought: jshen.me. Did it after coveting  custom link shortener.
  yeah keep telling yourself that =P
  For sure. Sometimes the folks on HN just get really bitchy / nit picky about stupid details. The main point being "go do hard sh*t"
  yeah - my coach used to have us do that. When the training was really rough, we would go in the ice whirlpool. It was TERRIBLE.
 "You don't need permission anymore. What you need is a group of people who want to do it." - JJ Abrams 
  thanks Scott! I was surprised at the response but I'm glad people like it!
 My new laptop.  /cc   
 RT  I just tried taking a cold shower, thanks to the advice of  5 seconds I whipped back to "Hold Me" Hot. 
  hahah cold can be a bitch huh?
 I see you  RT  FITTY GRAND FOR TEH FAST & FURIOUS 
 Larry Sanger Blog » Is there a new geek anti-intellectualism? 
  wow that's really good! The stat I read was $3k avg bill for Americans. How do you track? Paper/spreadsheet or web/mobile app?
   where are you guys now? Aol?
   sad. Yeah we're heading there now.
  yes. Is your phone on? Texted you. We're already done.
  I'm ok with it. I often get your logo mixed up with the HN account I'm following on twitter. This helps.
  maybe they were ok with that if it meant verizon would be more willing to help them take on apple?
  I see. Good luck! Let me know how that goes. Awesome that Robert is coming out.
  nice! How are those future plans coming along? Whats next for Mr. Woods?
  Interesting... what motivates you to do this? Have you considered web apps like fuelly.com or mobile apps to help you with this?
 Go the ____ to Sleep. A hit book for parents of young children.  
 Do you have a friend who's crazy about saving gas? Like tracks their gas expenditures / their fuel economy etc? I want to talk to them... =)
  interesting - didn't think of that but makes sense
 Skywriting in SF: "Forget the fruit - go tabco www.whoistabco.com" Apparently a new tablet maker. 
 Where I discuss why cold showers might be secretly awesome: 
 You gotta make sure those adults don't hurt themselves or get abducted!  
  doing good. Starting up a company in SF with two buddies.
  helping people overcome fear, procrastination and fatigue to live more ambitious and productive lives. 
   oh that's cool! what's their process like? I thought they started already? What do you get if you get in?
  haha too late!
  its where he's sleeping but he's not actually in the picture.
 Went to Vegas for my birthday. Made it back alive. Here's the video: 
 My cofounder is sleeping for the next few months in the space between my bed & the wall.   
 RT  Answer on Quora: Stanford is compared to Gryffindor, Caltech to Hufflepuff, MIT to Ravenclaw and Harvard to Slytherin http:/ ...
  Hey Jeff - friend of Emily Chen - grew up in Boston area. I'm now in SF, just started something, she mentioned we should connect.
  What's wrong with WP? Posterous or tumblr might be good choices. Unless you want a self-hosted solution?
  ahaha awesome. I'll be sure to add a filter for you. How have you been?
 Priority inbox has pretty much become my personal inbox. If you don't get the yellow tab, you are probably not getting a response.
  haha thanks
  I think a big thing is frequent breaks and moving around. Sitting for hours is terrible for you even if you're exercising.
  bodyweight exercises. Recently started running a tiny bit (just did my first 2 mile run) and I like it
  not drinking alcohol and not eating junk food or overeating at meals seems to help but I'm sure you knew that. Do a lot of
  not sure I'm the best person to ask. Was only trim when I was training 24 hrs a week. Now just trying to stave off a belly
  isn't it great? Pretty much sums up my approach to life. Congrats on graduating. What's next?
        Thanks for all the support guys! I really appreciate it!
 The amazing  is looking for a great 1st engineer at her startup  You should check it out: 
 At the  offices. Not sure if we're going to get in though...   Justin.tv Inc 
 Hey guys, I'm starting something new. 
  hahaha - is that a big part of your life right now? that's unfortunate. when do I have to buy you a drink?
 RT   walking (not running), talking to others to looking through a visual scrapbook/moodboards.
 RT   best idea hacks: 1) riff on exiting ideas 2) take two disparate ideas and combine them 3) break down into  ...
 RT   Best hack for idea generation for me is to talk to people.
 What's your best hack for generating new ideas? Doing some blue-sky brainstorming. My techniques: shower, random stimuli, asking others
 Turning thoughts into words into actions into habits 
 Why Chewing People Out For Mistakes is a Bad Idea - The Art of Ass-Kicking 
 So did your burn rate. RT  Arrived in San Francisco. My startup's value just doubled.
  endow a bunch of NCAA gymnastics programs at colleges across the country.
  haha - I'm not sure there is something I could start right now that would solve that problem. Best chance is to make $$ then
   nice! I've started running as well - with vibrams. And  says you're a 5 finger fan! They're so sweet
  I'm not sure how that metaphor works for me - can you explain that? I'm starting something new too but not much to share yet!
  didn't want that spreading? =)
 At  house w/  & see an old middle school photo of  as a tan, spectacled 7th grader.  /cc 
 RT  You will often be miserable if what fuels your passion and what fuels your ego do not align.
  I'm glad you found in valuable! You've got an interesting premise there on your blog - what are you trying to do?
 Madison, Wisconsin: last leg of the journey. Celebrating a marriage.    Wisconsin State Capitol Building 
  Just pay for the extra gigs - it's totally worth it. I've done it for a year now - makes gmail run faster too!
 Alright just one more: "Literally Unbelievable" 
 Amazing: Accidental Chinese Hipsters 
  STOP PUNCHING YOURSELF IN THE FACE THEN
  Tough situation - law was made with good intentions but... =/ Also gotta love the comment thread on the article too.
  Maybe not as an app but maybe you can access gmail in the full site version and see it?
  try using rapportive! Its pretty good.
   I think it is a bad idea for 99.9% of kids. Which is fine for .1% but we shouldn't encourage most ppl to do it.
 The awesome  reviews my about page on  in her Impact Assessment: . What do you think?
  Yeah - it was great opportunity to see old friends. We saw KA - an amazing show. I've seen Blue Man in Boston - also great!
 Can't wait to hear updates! RT  Starting the 6-week 100 pushup challenge  . I'll finish it in 4 though.
  haha gotta keep people on their toes! allergies?
 According to the yelling outside my window I'm assuming the Miami Heat won the game?
  stayed in the imperial palace (across from Caesars)
 Just finished 4 epic days with 6 friends - we've known each other for over a decade. Looking forward to what the 10 years brings.
  definitely. No way you can that fly. There's a reason why it's *your* apartment. Some things are off limits.
   says he's up $75. I'm down $120
  I read that b4 Lady Gaga blew up, she had her heart massively broken by a drummer in a local band. Puts quote in perspective.
 Breakfast of Champions.  
 RT  6 different casinos in one day and we're just getting started ;)  
  yessir. With   & others from the crew.
 Tilt shifted monorail.    Imperial Palace Las Vegas 
  sounds good. Just sent my first. =)
 Home of $5 blackjack.     Hooters Casino Hotel 
  hahah - if I see her I will definitely make fun of her. Thanks for the tip! Where is she staying?
 Wheels up BOS -> LAS. Destination: Imperial Palace. ( Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) w/ 72 others) 
  of course! Glad to put a smile on your face. =)
  Haha - awesome. Just tried to commented but failed.
 Interviewing the awesome  - creator of www.SkimThat.com - summarizing top HN articles: 
 Inspiring manifesto on health, happiness and fitness by the ridiculously awesome
 New Rejection Therapy Podcast: interviewing Sarah, a high school senior who wrote her senior thesis on confidence & RT: 
  Congrats! That's awesome.
 Summarizing the Best of Hacker News - Michael Khalili of SkimThat.com 
 I spy a Life After College book by the lovely  at the Harvard Coop! =)  
 Fantastic afternoon at the  offices with the totally rad 
  fun times. Keep up the good (if challenging) work!
  What happened?
  I think if that person wasn't sure the default would be Mr because it's probably worse to assume a male is a Ms or Mrs. You know?
  Would you be willing to share your story in an interview on my blog?
  Wrote 6 major blog posts on gymnastics:  and also like to interview ppl.
 “But I have a one-two punch: ambition and drive.” - Lady Gaga 
  you feel like being open about how you feel has had some negative consequences?
 OH: "The thing about your industry [startups] is that from the outside it looks like a bunch of guys circle jerking each other."
  I've been running on grass and hope to graduate to concrete. Plus just like being barefoot outside (gymnastics and all that)
  hahaha
  yeah I saw that earlier - damn media mail! =(
 Happiness is new books waiting to be read.    MIT Press Bookstore 
 If you don't like how a project or activity is going, you can do three things: try something different, keep doing the same thing, or quit.
  I don't! But I am now. Have done a couple one milers w/ the vibrams and my knee doesn't hurt! (my calves are sore though!)
 Wiggling Their Toes at the Shoe Giants - NYTimes.com  / got some Vibrams recently and am loving them!
     I'm down. What does mgym need us to do? I'd love to collect stories of exgymnasts.
  yeah. Just been chilling with the fam.
 ...and to all those who through the art of politics seek a new a   John F. Kennedy Presidential Library & Museum 
 Just got: The Humble Indie Bundle 3 (pay what you want for five cross-platform video games)  via 
 My buddy  writes how striving to be exceptional often gets you labeled "crazy". And why you shouldn't care. 
  Also you might have a typo in your bio ("who tis curious")... just a heads up!
  Thanks for sharing!
 This Girl Will Crush You – Mari Asp in Kick Ass Interview  | The Art of Ass-Kicking 
  yoiks. Sometimes honesty is unsettling.
  so many things awesome about that tweet
