 Conference on Voluntourism is taking place right now in Denver! check it out 
 a new week, a new chance to volunteer!  Find something that inspires you and take some time to volunteer!
 Currently at Our House Working Shelter dropping off the supplies!
 Tons and tons of donations plus a two door civic equals donation overload, thank you everyone!
 A great collection of donations for Our House at the CSPS graduation!  Congrats class of 2011!
 hope everyone is getting excited about the upcoming graduation season! I know we are excited about the donation opportunities!!
  a quick mention to say that I checked out Cauzoom.com and loved it.  sent you an email to discuss potential positions
 Thank you to Gretchen and the Little Rock Convention and Visitors Bureau for making us such a large part of their marketing program!
 it is a beautiful day! don't waste it! find an org that inspires you and go out and 
 have you signed up for Citizen Effect's NCAA tournament?  You are already picking a bracket why not contribute to... 
 thank you to everyone who came out to the Arkansas Governor's Conference on Tourism!
 enjoyed speaking at the governors conference on tourism in Little Rock, AR.  thank you to everyone who came and listened to the presentation
 get out of work early today, enjoy the warm weather and go volunteer to clean a park!
 Happy Valentine's Day!
 enjoying the warm saturday? take some time and repay the karma by volunteering!
 what a warm and sunny day! looking for forward to the weekend, very excited to be volunteering!
 check out the great blog post from    
 We are speaking at the Arkansas governors council on tourism on march 8, 930 am!!!
 looking for something to do this weekend? find places to    
 Friday is here, time to Volunteer!
  thank you!
 please be careful in the snow today, if you are really cold think about those who don't have adequate winter... 
  visiting the natural state any time soon? check us out: www.volunteertosee.com
 did anyone  to volunteer for Martin Luther King Jr day? 
  on the rise:  
 Happy travel Tuesday! Any big departures coming up? 
 Thank you to everyone who is making this a day on, not a day off!
 happy friday, remember to that this weekend is MLK weekend, honor his memory by 
 friends coming in from out of town? help them  while you're at work! good for you, good for them, good for the community!
 great meeting with the Riverfest committee exciting possibilities taking shape!
 like us? show it! like us on facebook: 
 know what warms up the cold days? big warm dose of 
 we are trying to make conventions a cause for good! help us, help you help the community!  
  we made it! the coffee shop is full!
 nice story about  in thailand and helping homeless dogs:  
  this is how we are working to help people  on  volunteertosee.com
 RT  Got volunteer opportunities for  in NYC??  Me or DM me!
 should we brave the cold, ice and snow for coffeehouse work date?
 thank you to Feeding America for posting this story,  great story showing support for... 
 happy snow bound 
 thinking warm thoughts about  in    
 Let it snow, let it snow!
 RT  The Year in Review |  <Did you meet your  goals this year?  
  There is so much snow everywhere!  Any tips on curing cabin fever?
 for those of you with a little bit of money and a big heart, here is a blog about Luxury   
 a safari in Kenya and you get to volunteer! yes please!    
 strategic plans are about as much fun as the dentist, what do you travelers do when you are stuck on the inside doing paperwork?
 looking to save money on travel this year, check this out from the New York Times:... 
 RT  Getting Stuck on the Road: How to Avoid (or Embrace) It  - 
 RT   Writers: Need  stories by teens 4  National Eating Disorder Awareness Month Hlp others w/ your story RT  ...
 we are reaching out to other cities, if you know of a city with a great big heart of volunteers and a lot of excitement, let us know!
 how is everyones hump day going? we're on the downward slope looking forward to getting out this weekend!
  thanks for the RT!
  get out there and see the world! better yet while you are doing that 
 Voluntourism will continue to be one of the fastest growing travel trends of 2011:... 
 President Obama signs Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act into Law!... 
 learn about Human Rights Day: 
 article on  just a brief introduction,   
  in the Galapagos, yes please!  
 Happy Human Rights Day!
 are you stepping out this weekend to shop? why not pick up an extra jacket or scarf and donate it to a homeless shelter? 
 RT  More          ...
 does anyone know of twitter contests/promotions to help benefit charities  during the holiday season?
 Why do u   The warm feeling in your stomach? The resume building? The joy of helping others? 
 RT  Good read! RT  9 Ways to Take in the World’s Most Beautiful Vistas    
 Public speaker series still one of our favorite FREE activities in 
 good article, looking into the debate on   do you think its good or bad?
 holiday coat drive at the zoo in Little Rock:  
 half way through the week and everyone is already thinking about the weekend, make this weekend more interesting: 
 RT  Find the perfect gift at the Habitat for Humanity Store: 
 great article on paid  trips:  thank you to Pink Pangaea for posting this! 
 what kind of travel plans do you have for the holidays? 
 Looking to make a difference this holiday season? Donate some of your holiday time to a local  by volunteering!
 get up, get out and go 
 RT  To love something or someone makes us see the beauty of it, not the wrong. Unknown Chief
 Happy Monday!  How was the weekend?  Full of volunteering and traveling?
 brrrr it is cold!  Try to imagine that cold without a coat, help make the holidays better and participate in a coat drive!
 well what does everyone think about  decisions? seems like some exciting traveling coming up in the next decade!
 RT  The price of electricity is also going up. Flip the Switch Instead of Flipping Out ...
 big christmas holiday travel plans? add some holiday cheer by  
 small article talking about the joys of   
 thank you to everyone who brought donations for the Send a Christmas, we were able to help build a Christmas for 24 kids!
 have you ever used  to make a difference?  donated gifts or times?
 happy  twitter world!
 Traveling on  ahh the irony, don't get lost in the holiday shuffle! Remember the important parts: family and friends
 to the competitors coming from Ozark Bouldering Gym, Big Rock Climbing Gym, and Rocktown Climbing Gym, to the... 
 competition plus co-operation equals a Christmas for kids in developing nations:  Operation Christmas Child
 Thanksgiving travel is quickly approaching! take some time out this holiday season to  
 the donation box at the Little Rock Climbing Center is slowly filling up, but we could use more gifts, stop by any... 
 happy 
 happy follow friday! hopefully everyone has some big weekends planned!
 support the online march of the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America:  
 are you vet? get a free dinner at Applebees for your service:  
 support the online march of the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America:  
 bid on Beetle Bailey merchandise and original comic strips to help support Veterans:... 
 are you vet? get a free dinner at Applebees for your service:  
 Thank you Veterans!  We appreciate all that you do! 
 do you  because we have partnered with LR Climbing Center to help host an  
 should we end  in orphanages?  
 volunteer tourism at Sandals in the caribbean, white sands, iced drinks and helping the community, love it!  
 get 30% off at Gap and 5% goes to  how cool is that? 
 RT  Happy 235th birthday,  Thank you for your bravery and service to our country.
 shop at Gap this weekend, get 30% off and 5% goes to Feeding America, that is a really cool idea:... 
 what up wacky Wednesday???
 add some variety to the family holiday trips, find a soup kitchen and help serve Christmas dinner: www.volunteertosee.com 
 who is excited for thanksgiving? who is not excited for thanksgiving travel? 
 where have you been in the last year that has reshaped your thinking on the world? 
 Little Rock Climbing Center is helping us give a Christmas to children in need! We are collecting donations at the... 
 RT  RT  On   giving free food and drink to Active Duty Military & Veterans http:/ ...
 enjoying the beautiful fall weather and warm coffee at community bakery in 
 RT  "No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted." -Aesop 
 just got off the phone with the City Parks Conservancy, great organization and excited about the LR marathon: 
 RT   struggle to survive and maintain services, Washington Post, 
 happy  make something of your next trip and 
 Beautiful Monday to think about a beautiful weekend! How did u help save the world?
 On the open road on a Friday!  Is there anything better than the excitement of a road trip?
 TRAVEL SERVE SEE www.volunteertosee.com   
 do you runs  check out how we're partnering with the Little Rock Marathon 
  is it a good thing or a bad thing? thoughts? 
 have you signed up to volunteer this weekend?
 we just created the page about our partnership with the LR marathon, check it out: 
 happy friday! where are you  this weekend?
 have you voted yet?  don't care how, don't care for who or for what, just get out there and exercise your rights!
 try to love one another right now! oldie but goodie and for some reason stuck in my head!
 someone should challenge all of the politicians raising millions of dollars to donate to charities!
 Wednesday the middle, the hump, the day where the weekend can officially be "almost here" so what will you do with your weekend? 
 if you could go anywhere in the world to  where would it be? 
  did you see this on espn.com, talking about education, athletes and their scholarships not covering all of it: 
 Beautiful fall day enjoying the river views from downtown 
 Listening to all the great ideas and features about the rivermarket in 
 Thank you to Rebecca for a wonderful tour of Our House Shelter, to learn more about their great programs and to... 
 being up late means working late!
 RT   Tweet your support of  and you will receive a $5 gift code to donate to a school! http: ...
  SWCBA "bridging the gap" making a difference with donations!
 Donation bins are slowly filling up! A BIG thank you to the Southwest College Bookstore Association!
 How did u help change the world this past weekend? Volunteer? Donate? Hug your kids?
 happy       
 very excited about the donation drive this weekend! Thank you Southwestern Bookstore Association Vendors! 
 tips on voluntourism: 
 a convention turned into hope for school children! 
  500 places you can go to make difference!
   visiting soon? check out how to make your trip better! 
 we recommend a slice of volunteering to be added to your vacation desert!  
 get out there and 
 vendors are bringing change! they will be bringing school supplies for the  school children! 
 learn about what we've done and where we're going! 
 vendors are bringing change! they will be bringing school supplies for the  school children! 
 looking to make a difference on your next vacation? check out how we can help! www.volunteertosee.com  
 attending the Southwest College Bookstore Association Regional Meeting? Check out the donation drive: 
  signed up to attend a conference? gather some school supplies bring em with, make a difference! 
 RT  Little Rock Marathon training meeting tonight at Crowne Plaza 6:00. Free and fun info for people interested in next Marc ...
 attending the Southwest College Bookstore Association Regional Meeting? Check out the donation drive: 
 Southwest College Bookstore Association Vendors are donating school supplies this weekend during their convention... 
 RT   directs, translates, and does everything a traveler needs. Now on the  
 If you could take your parents anywhere in the world, where would it be? 
 Happy   Looking forward to your next trip? You know we are!
 RT  Three RI organizations awarded $17K in grants to combat domestic violence 
 we are excited about the upcoming donation drive for the Southwestern Bookstore Association Vendors: 
 we are excited about the upcoming donation drive for the Southwestern Bookstore Association Vendors: 
 back to the grind, already missing vacation!
 member of the Southwest College Bookstore Association? you should be proud of your vendors: 
 member of the Southwest College Bookstore Association? you should be proud of your vendors: 
 learn how to volunteer on your vacation! www.volunteetosee.com  
  this is our asset page:  tells about what we do, how we do it and what we've done!
 a new week a new you! get out there and make something with the great fall weather!
 loving the view of the Appalachian mountains!  excited about the upcoming week, a lot on the plate, working on some big donation drives!
 great monday morning! how are all the travelings going? have you found your way back to your desk or are you out living life?
 Man it feels good to be on the road! Traveling is one of the best feelings in the world!
 thanks for the bow tie, excited to wear it! Thanks 
 volunteer vacations 101 from CNN fun little read about  
 make a difference this weekend, get out and 
 happy wednesday!
  check out how we can make your next vacation better: 
 traveling to an event? learn how to make it better!   
  check out how we can make your next vacation better: 
  what are some great travel memories? sunsets? dinners? romantic evenings?
 happy  any exciting travel plans?
 hope your weekend was great! tell us your volunteer stories or travel stories!
 happy friday! the time to go out and see the world, weekend style!
 Thursday, one more day to the weekend!  How are u spending your time?  
 Excited for meetings about proposed donation drives with the little rock marathon and the rivermarket!
 TRAVEL SERVE SEE www.volunteertosee.com    
 not a bad gig, volunteering while in the philippines!  
  thanks for the RT!
 a rich history, good foods, southern charm,   
 learn what we are about:    
 ever wonder what happened to those sunglasses, that sock, the one flip flop, or your beanie you lost on a trip? 
 looking to make the most of the weekend?  
 RT  I posted 7 photos on Facebook in the album "Golf for Food 092010" 
 happy  any good  stories?
 learn what we've done, do and can do...     
   learn how to turn your next trip to the natural state into a great memory! 
 learn what we've done, do and can do...     
 another great post from  
 voluntourism doesn't have to be traveling across the world, it can be as simple as taking time out of your next vacation! 
 how was everyone's weekend?  good   accomplishments?
 visiting   this weekend, looking for something to do?   
 visiting   this weekend, looking for something to do?   
 happy follow friday!  everyone excited for the weekend?
 TRAVEL SERVE SEE www.volunteertosee.com  
 baby sea turtle rescue while on vacation? sign me up! 
 article from Express Travel World about  and  plus the food sounds amazing! 
 RT  Washington Monthly's must-see, public-interest-based, 2010  Rankings. Fascinating guide to higher ed: http:/ ...
 Weds hump day! Thinking about the weekend? Think about volunteering it'll make it the weekend the best one of the fall!
 have you ever traveled to   
 feeling sleepy after lunch? learn more about us and wake up with thoughts about   
 happy  read about our latest blog post: 
 RT  An online soccer videogame aimed at changing attitudes about gender roles in Africa 
 what a beautiful day!
 TRAVEL SERVE SEE www.volunteertosee.com   
 what a cool website, read about all the incredible things people are doing to make the world a better place 
  doesn't mean leaving the country or even your state, learn more here:  
 how did you honor the fallen this past weekend?
 thanks to all the help from  for the recent guest blog:   
 heartwarming tale about a nurse in Guatemala:   
 new guest post about how we came to be:    
 "Voluntourism a Manifesto" new blog post on where the idea for Volunteer to See came from:... 
 own a  then take it on a  trip! 
 a small amount of  work on your next  can make a HUGE difference: 
       
 RT  LITTLE ROCK:  I have a  friend who has gotten into transitional housing, but desperately needs groceries.  ...
 happy friday!
 TRAVEL SERVE SEE www.volunteertosee.com 
 pretty cool twitter contest from travelocity! wanna get a grand to  and  
 5 resorts that make  fun! 
 RT  Headlamp havoc tonight  10 pm. $5 donation to the ARCC is all you need!
 check out our friends blog post about working in New Orleans post-katrina:   
 have you read our guest blog post yet? 
 putting together ideas for a donation drive for the upcoming holiday season, any thoughts?
 it's almost the weekend! which means the time of the weekend warriors is almost upon us! where are you  this weekend?
 have a group? how bout a reunion? check out how they can be turned into a force for good: 
   visiting this weekend for the hogs game? get here early and  
 we're fresh off a trip to  check out this great  package from marriot: 
  planners turn your next convention into something that will spark people's interest and their imagination: 
 RT  RT  seriously cool twitter contest by Travelocity:   
 what a rainy wednesday! perfect time to stay inside and think up a great  trips for the weekend!
 tell us a tale of  anyone  to  over labor day? 
 where did people  this past weekend? it was a lot of time off to do a lot of good!
 seriously cool twitter contest by Travelocity:   
 Roaming Gnome's Trip to Montana and your chance to win a $1000  grant! 
 RT   John and I picked up trash on the shore of the lake we stayed at in AL this weekend.  Travel Serve See? ...
 RT  JetBlue offers "Summer's End" fares from just $39 + tax:  
 how was everyone's labor day?  We had a great trip to 
  amazing how can i sign up!
 lets make the most of this weekend!  www.volunteertosee.com
 always fun when we see our work on the  google alert!
 RT  It's Hunger Action Month! Feeding America shares 30 ways to make a difference in 30 days. Volunteer! 
 rainy day, good day to cozy up with some warm coffee and figure out what kind of fun adventures you'll have over labor day!
 another gulf oil rig explosion and Hurricane Earl heading towards the coast, everybody stay on their toes to be ready to help!
 half way through the week! hump day is upon us and that means we can start thinking about Labor Day weekend! plans? 
 RT   On average, we grant a wish every 40 minutes. Thank you for supporting wish kids & their dreams to soar.
   coming soon to see the hogs play? get here early and get rewarded! 
 What a beautiful day to be outside swinging a hammer with Habitat Pulaski County!
 RT   love your article on voluntourism.
 hosting a  want to make it a memorable experience for everyone? let us help! 
 RT  More from our  — six phrases you need to know while traveling:  
 RT  The  Daily is out  - featuring    
 thanks to  for letting us be a guest blogger: 
 we've published the CheapOAir blog to our site check it out! 
 check out our guest blog on cheapOAir.com:  
 we were asked to write a guest post for cheapOAir.com, check it out: 
 RT  "The Emerging Field of “Voluntourism" in today's guest   by  -   ...
  question of the day: chicago deep dish or NYC thin crust? 
 happy 
 TRAVEL SERVE SEE www.volunteertosee.com   
 commemorate the destruction, the chaos and the heroes from  by volunteering this weekend!
 RT  RT  Be The Change, MTV-Style 
 this weekend commemorates the five year anniversary of Hurricane Katrina, have you  there? have you helped rebuild?
 RT  Remember Hurricane   RT  
 visit   see where a president and civil rights history were made! 
 a team building exercise that doesn't involve awkward name games or speeches: 
 RT  How do  find the time? They watch 8 fewer hrs of TV/week! Check this out: "Making the time count"  ...
 Probably the best weather day of the summer, hope you are enjoying it!
 Great meeting with Joshua from  great to have his support!
 TRAVEL SERVE SEE www.volunteertosee.com   
 learn about how we can make your next   or  better! 
 CEOs brings pencils, accountants bring notebooks, HR brings pens add it all up and your event makes a HUGE difference: 
 disaster relief kits that can be given to people to help rebuild their homes after natural disasters: 
 Wednesday, hump day, looking forward to something on Saturday? How bout 
 RT   SIC vols are prepped for their experiences living and working abroad 
 TRAVEL SERVE SEE www.volunteertosee.com 
 RT  LOVE this new video about volunteering in the Vietnam orphanage program.  It looks sooo cool: 
 see how something as simple as an orientation can be turned into a force for good: 
 confused on where to  in   let us help: 
 have you given any thought to  your weekend  plans? maybe our widget can help! 
 exciting times we are living in!  on the rise!  
 what is your favorite  blog?
 updated post about all the great work that the Clinton School of 2012 did at the Rice Depot: 
 currently researching  blogs, looking for partners to link with, any suggestions on a great blogs about traveling?
 thank you so much to  for posting us on their blog roll! 
 welcome back to the working week, how was everyones weekend?
  a boring way to waste a weekend? or a great way for your company to get energized? 
 TRAVEL SERVE SEE www.volunteertosee.com  
 find places to  in  
 150 disaster relief kits assembled, a ton of rice sorted, packaged and made ready to be distributed, all thanks to... 
  a great way to discover new people to follow, I am going to challenge the people who are spreading the love to include an NGO
 great job yesterday to the Clinton School Class of 2012 for their incredible efforts at the Arkansas Rice Depot!
 happy friday twitter world!
 TRAVEL SERVE SEE www.volunteertosee.com  
 an event held at a school, held at concert, held during an art show can be a great way to do something for the community: 
 want your next convention or event to be a success? then add a volunteer event!   
 almost a ton of rice was packaged and bagged for families in needs, on bag would feed a family for four days!
 175 buckets of disaster relief kits were assembled today by the Clinton School Class 6 students, great job!
 RT  Clinton School class of 2012 volunteering this a.m. at Ark. Rice Depot through  founded by Clinton School alu ...
 Learning about the  mission 
 today, thirty Clinton School students took time from their orientation to give back to the community, they are... 
 thank you to all of our followers, we appreciate the support, discussions, and ideas that you share!
 tomorrow is the day that dedicated Public Servants help out at the  
 TRAVEL SERVE SEE www.volunteertosee.com  
 come experience southern charm and frontier adventure in   
 confused on  opportunities in  check out our widget to help you! 
 RT  9/11-Remember the lives of our heroes by becoming one!  Sept 11- Register  for  9/11   ...
  thanks for the retweet!
 looking to  more? why not start on vacation! volunteertosee.com
 the end of summer is coming, have you gotten all of the traveling in that you wanted? 
 have you ever  while on  
 welcome to Little Rock and the Clinton School, thank you to the class of 2012 for signing up to volunteer: 
 City Limitless,    visiting? staying for a weekend? join us in volunteering!
   why not combined the two and get rewarded!   
 learn more about what we can do for your next  or  
 happy 
 a big tip of the hat to the students from the Clinton School who will be volunteering next week:  
 Learn about us and how you can make a difference on your next vacation or trip!    
  planner? we can help  you add a great team builder to your next event: 
 City Limitless   visiting? passing through? extended stay? we can make it better! 
 City Limitless   visiting? passing through? extended stay? we can make it better! 
 Learn about us and how you can make a difference on your next vacation or trip!    
  planner? we can help  you add a great team builder to your next event: 
 a big tip of the hat to the students from the Clinton School who will be volunteering next week:  
 City Limitless   visiting? passing through? extended stay? we can make it better! 
  planner? we can help  you add a great team builder to your next event: 
 a big tip of the hat to the students from the Clinton School who will be volunteering next week:  
 Learn about us and how you can make a difference on your next vacation or trip!    
 attention Class of 2012 Clinton School students, get ready for a fun day of volunteering!... 
 we get a kick out of traveling! we have arrived in  to spend a week with family, looking forward to cooler temps!
 STUFF THE BUS, this weekend! this is a great program: 
 visiting   this weekend? learn how to make your trip amazing: 
 get out and  this weekend: learn how to get rewarded for your efforts: 
 what are you looking forward to about the 
 Happy Friday! get excited for the weekend! Big  plans? Big  plans?
 we are enjoying the surf sand and sun here at the  located Avon, NC.  busy work week while at the beach tho!
 RT   Both! Though, leaving a lasting change IS a great memory :)  
 have you made a difference today?
 learn about a group of grad students turning their orientation into something magical! 
 what is more important to you when travel? taking great memories or leaving a lasting change? 
  this is what we do to make your  better!  
 what is up wednesday? time to start thinking about the up coming weekend and what you'll be doing!
 Travel Serve See www.volunteertosee.com   
 enjoy the sights and the smells of  we are at a beach house off the sound in Avon, NC loving life!
 this is what we do!  travel, volunteer, make a difference on your trips! www.volunteertosee.com
 learn what we are all about:   
 teenage kids doing good while travelling, wish they had programs like this when i was in school! 
 the kickball jerseys have been ordered for the All Star kickball team "suggested" by 
 this is our new "Assets Page" let us know your thoughts: 
 enjoying a nice  you should probably  and make it better!
 very excited at the possibilty of hosting another school supply drive this october, check out what we did in may: 
        
 Little Rock'n in the USA or come visit!   
       
 JUST GOT WORD THAT WE WILL BE HOSTING A SCHOOL SUPPLY DRIVE IN OCT! WOOHOO
 Travel Serve See www.volunteertosee.com   
 friday is upon us, the weekend is at the door knocking loud and proud! what are your weekend plans?
 ugh coding a website is stressful! any advice?
 RT  Please RT - Have you clicked the yellow button to feed the  for free today? 
 i think the United States to embrace the sietsa! i miss that from last summer, beautiful lunch followed by a beautiful power nap!
 visit some place new,  while you are there and get rewards in the form of meals and discounts:  
 RT  RT  Got clothes? Bring 'em by tomorrow 6-8p at 1423-C South Main in downtown LR. See you then!  ...
 working on an assets page, kind of like a virtual press report, very stressful!
 good morning twitter world!
 if your  take you to  let us help make your trip better:    
 RT  RT   seeks an architect with MacGyver-like chops and construction experience to move to Hait. ...
  what's worse packing for a trip or unpacking from a trip?
 our eyes are going numb from working on the latest page for the website, we'll let you all know when the update is done!
 have you  on vacation? 
 would you be willing to pay the extra $30 to take an extra suitcase of donations to a needy community on your next trip? 
 if your  take you to  let us help make your trip better:    
  visit some place new,  while you are there and get rewards in the form of meals and discounts: 
 RT  Check the conference YouTube channel to watch some of the inspiring moments of the 2010 conference!... 
 so happy that the Daily Show and Colbert Report are back!
 good morning twitter world! excited to read about 
  i support the Chipotle yearning as well, but nothing compares to an iced coffee from DD! so good!
 good report on  from hospitality.net: 
   volunter + discounts and rewards = a great convention or vacation! 
 TRAVEL SERVE SEE www.volunteertosee.com  
 looking to find a place to  this week in   check out our widget
 where are you  this weekend?  
 take a break from the work and learn about ways to give back: 
   come visit the historic capital, spend a few hours  and get rewards! 
 find ways to make your next event better: 
 working on our letter campaign, drinking coffee, trying to wake up on this sleepy 
 learn about our  programs:    
  thanks for the love! what kind of event are you hosting?
 one hot afternoon, some cool deals will cool you down, check it out: 
 on a day like today, the afternoon really just requires iced coffee!
 happy lunch time!
 attention  make this years event memorable for more reasons than crab cakes:  
 discounts on gifts for the kids, tasty desserts, why wouldn't you    
 our designer is up and running, working on our  materials: 
 any big plans to  some place exciting and fun this weekend?
