 On deck at the 6th Annual Rare Disease Leadership Summit: updateson the 1983 Orphan Drug Act,  guidance clinical trials   
 Today, team CryerHealth attends the 6th Annual Rare Disease Leadership Summit, Washington, DC  
 RT  Physician Use, Responsibility, and Opportunity in the Time of Social Media     
 “The first wealth is health.” Ralph Waldo Emerson 
 RT  Why People Participate in Second Life Social Support Groups     
 RT  Generics Changing The Economics Of Treating Chronically Ill Patients:       
 RT  Health Care Companies Slow On the Social-Media Draw     - correct in trial recruitment
 RT  Is your hospital's social media plan having unintended consequences -    
 RT  First Google+. Now Mayo Clinic launches a (healthcare) Facebook   
 RT  Time to Give Up on  and Social Media? (by  -   *Thought-provoking!
 RT  How to make your conference social: hashtag?     <- My take: 
 RT  Wow ... "Toronto hospitals get with the times: Patients to use computer tablets"   
 RT  About time: More Medical Schools Are Screening Applicants Closely for People Skills -  via 
 RT  New hope for new medicines WSJ    
 RT  With HHS regs coming out today, map shows where states are in developing insurance exchanges  
 RT PANEL: Assessing Future of Single Use Systems & Moving Towards 100% Disposable Facilities  
 CryerHealth CEO 1st woman to be chair of the ALF. News on Women  
 RT  Science of the Sexes: Why hasn't infectious disease research reflected differences in women and men? 
 RT  Most popular on rwjf.org: Directory helps you compare local hospitals & physicians 
 RT  Healthline Allergies Make Your Doctor’s Appointment More Productive 
 RT   are government mystery shoppers will help improve the quality of care? Share with us.  
 RT  Calling all  Patient Advocates !!! | DCPatient  Spread the word on this free FDA opportunity July 15!
  blog post: Government needs to do more to engage patients in policy making 
 RT  RT  Interesting data --> Patients pick hospitals for their social media presence   
 RT    Privacy and Health     
 RT  Four physicians share must-know tips for those new to   
 RT  RT  Web First: Smaller Practices And The Patient-Centered Medical Home - tinyurl.com/3wgucfl
 "Health is the greatest possession."  Lao Tzu 
  blog post: Washington, DC,  Care Hiring Microcosm: 
  blog post: Racing to   
 Via  To Friend Or Not: The  Facebook Challenge For Doctors | 
 Donna Cryer of  discusses The Ultimate Patient-Centric Solution: 
 *new* blog post CryerHealth blog "Racing to     
 Charity, With Entrepreneurial Spin (WSJ)   "Giving away money is much more difficult than it sounds"
 RT  RT . Web First: Smaller Practices And The Patient-Centered Medical Home - tinyurl.com/3wgucfl
 RT  Social Networking On The Front Line Of New Modern Medicine by   
 Advocacy in Action: A Video Story  via  
 RT  Calling all Cancer Patient Advocates !!! | DCPatient   Please spread the word on this free  FDA opportunity!
 RT  Donna Cryer of  discusses The Ultimate Patient-Centric Solution: 
 RT  cngrts 2 member Donna Cryer  on becoming Chair of the Board of the American Liver Foundation  
      Thanks, HBA!!  HBA Board experience has given me a great foundation for this new role.
 Only 24% of published studies in CV report separate data on women. We need to demand better from our researchers and the journals.
 Fabulous  MidAtl Health Leaders breakfast w/ Dr. Janine Clayton Dep. Dir.  NIH Ofc of Womens Health Research  
 RT  A warning for caregivers of preemies!   
 RT  RT  -- ASHP Press Release: Pharmacists' Influence Grows in Hospitals 
 RT  Pharmacist can act as health resource for patients 
 RT  Are you diagnosing yourself? Be careful. 
 RT   iPad App Eases Patient Registration in Doctors' Offices:  from MacPractic... 
 RT  Check out today's tweets from the national meeting of RWJF's Aligning Forces for Quality meeting. Search 
 RT   Check out:  2morrow 4 video of the Beacon Brookings event
 RT   Caremark to pilot electronic prior authorization |  IT News   
 RT  Empower pts, improve care, & lower costs: Free Webinar on  Shared Decision Making 2day at 2pm ET! 
 Exciting to be presenting today at Genentech. Thanks  for inviting the patient voice into your meeting.
 RT  shld ths B Jamie Oliver's nxt new target? RT  swing tax? charging kids 2 use playground? . 
 RT  RT  Featured Physician Executive: Farzad Mostashari, MD, ScM 
 RT  Interested in  care  issues? Follow  on the new blog:  h/t 
 RT  2day kicks off National Nurses Week. Do U have a nurse 2 thank 4 for tkng care of U & yr family? 
 CryerHealth Establishes Personalized Medicine Practice to Support Companies 
 RT   Sign up soon 4 Transforming  Transforming Lives Workshop if U're near   
 RT  Care abt advancing medical progress? Follow  on Facebook & stay on top of industry dvpmnt. 
 RT  Caring for the Chart or the Patient?  blog  Need for better nursing workflow in EMRs
 RT  Some great views RT  Can a social media manager convince doctors to get online? 
 RT  RT    Day 2/28! Read abt "The Power of Patient Stories" on SirenSong: 
 RT  In breaking bad news 2 pts, its beneficial 2 spend time listening. we cn hear wht the pt needs 2 know  
 RT  New Blog Post from   Patients' Rights come to the   
 RT   on clincl decision mkg: diagnosis must srt w/ the  practical judgment   
 RT  Blog post on popular  hashtags lk     &   
 RT  The FDA approvals of 2010.  There are 21 of them, but no drugmaker has more than one.
 RT  Lowering drug co-pays increases adherence, study finds:   
 RT  Wisdom Rx from the trenches.  A prescription for sustained EHR use.  
 RT   SmartBrief: 2x weekly news digest on med research & science policy. Read  & subscribe  
 RT  Eli Lilly, BI launch collaboration 2 develop diabetes treatments - Yahoo/AP Tue, 01/11/11 - 12:... 
 RT  Cost of Obesity Approaching $300 Billion a Year   
 RT   will be at  School of Nursing on April 2, 2011 in New Haven, CT     
   Thanks for the compliment and the informative tweets. Keep up the great work.
 RT  RT  New Medical School Model: Adopt A Family To Treat.  Community-based curriculum 
 RT  RT  Chasing unicorns? The future of ACOs.  ^ My related post today:  
 RT  Stop by Booth 3222 in the North Hall at  to say hi and learn about our newly released Revitalize You! program. 
 RT  HeartMath will participate in the Digital Health Summit news conference tomorrow at the LVCC, North Hall, N253.  
 RT  Have you been keeping up with biobanking in the news? Don’t worry, find the latest news here! 
 RT  IMO  facilitates / brokers / accelerates relationship & idea development - kinda lk an eBay 4 ppl &  !
 RT  The health-2-0 Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories 2day by    
 Please tell the  patient or  in your life abt  GI monitor  Fabulous example of patient-driven innovation
 RT  Expect a request 4 comment on draft Meaningful Use stage 2 recommendations in the nxt couple of weeks
 Back from a restful vacation. Ready to start 2011! Happy Monday everyone and wishing you a great start to your year!
  Attending wound healing conference. ths AM hrd added scientific basis 4 stress impeding healing. U shld present nxt yr.
 RT  RT  Report to the president: Realizing the full potential of  to improve healthcare (pdf) 
 RT  Check our new issue brief on employer & consumer issues in the health reform law -- 
 RT  ECRI Predicts 2011's Top Health Technology Hazards  (HDM Breaking News)  
 RT  Midwives, learn how 2 secure federal funding 4 yr practices in  FREE Webinar Dec 13, 2 - 3:30 pm EST 
 RT  RT   seeks consumer/advocate "intent to participate" in follow-on biologic user fee discussns. 
 RT  Cool Technology for Pharmacy  via J. Fahrni
 RT  Interesting report on the performance of academic medical centers  |    
 RT  American College of Physicians  video shows how patients will be hurt by scheduled Medicare SGR cuts 
 RT  Check out the first From the Experts article, where  explains the role doctors play in OTC safety: 
 RT  RT  500m people will be using healthcare mobile applications in 2015 
 RT  Nursing shortage explained: Q&A with J&J’s Campaign for Nursing:     
 RT  We collaborate with minority groups such as the NMA, NHMA and local advocacy groups.  or call 800-250-2839
 RT  Great to see companies hiring! RT  Search our more than 175 open positions here:  
 RT  RT  American Nurses Assoc 2010 Hall of Fame inductees 
 RT  Tomorrow 9pm Eastern, we're having another 
 RT  10 top medical apps for iPhone & Android:  (Please RT!)     via 
 RT  When and how to share personal genetic data with study participants...  Genome Technology Nov 2010 (sub)
 RT  AMA meeting in San Diego follow  for tweets
 RT  innov vid ethnography at Kaiser Permanente, shrd decisionmaking integrated in2 care by  
 RT  The Health Is Social Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today by    
 RT  Congrats to Massachusetts Medical Society 4 making the Globe’s Top Places to Work 2010!!  
 RT  RT  2morrow 9pm ET is another  If U have topic suggestions, submit them:  
 RT  New Blog Post: What Patients Want From HIT     
 RT  RT  Inspiringdiscussions ths wkd at Assoc of American Medical Colleges DC mtg. Follow     
 Thx to all attendees of    breakfast w/FDA  Patient & Health Professional  Liaisons
 New  twitter account     
 RT  Online  programs should account for gender differences (   
 RT  7 easy ways to help family caregivers  via  ShelleyWebbRN  
 RT  Medical Journals Have Their Own Conflicts Of Interest 
 Just invited 2 present pt/consumer perspective at American Academy of  conference . thx 4 reaching out 2 foster patient/RN prtnrshp!
 Fabulously productive mtg! Thx RT  Special guest  Donna & Dennis Cryer! ( Clinovations World HQ) 
 RT  Patient Centered Medical Home: The Regional Extension Center (REC) and Beacon Communities 
 RT  RT  Blumenthal:"committed 2 having pts control their health data."  
 RT  ‘You’ve Got Mail’ — But Not From Your Doctor! Only 7% Are Emailing Patients 
 RT  New iPad App for the Health Care Reform Bill 
 RT  Dedicated-Doctors w          
 RT  My thoughts on  post re: Atlantic's "Lies, Damned Lies, & Medical Science" 
 RT  Did u attend  Look 4 the black jump drive in yr swag bag - it has a gr8 ebook on it, courtesy  !
 RT  America's "Other Drug Problem:" How Pharmacists Can Help With Compliance -   
 30 million Americans w/ liver disease; 300 million Americans w/ a liver. October is Liver Awareness Month: Learn more - 
 RT   did you see the recent report on nursing that the Institute of Medicine put out?  
 RT  Hooray 4 skool health! HHS gives $100 million 2 construct, renovate skool-based health centers. 
 RT  Patient Advocates for Pharmaceutical Social Media  Patients  should ALWAYS be at the table
 RT  Does Pharma rlly have anything 2 offer in social networking?    
 RT   Home dialysis is cheaper than clinic or hospital dialysis.  So why do only 8% of kidney pts use it?
 RT  Social Media Stats Which Will Help You Increase Patient Volume 
 RT  RT  Num of electronic prescriptions triples in past year & cuts down errors    
 So many awesome "finally mets" at this wonderful conf.       
 Physician/patients are doubly effective as advocates with uncontested command of the science 
 We heart RNs RT         
  is a gr8 example of bringing U epatient self 2 yr industry position.Let us all know how we cn advance ths model. 
 RT  Awesome question from  What did Novartis have to do internally to pull this off? 
 Important admission from  that current clinical trial process is "unsustainable"  How can e-patient help?
 RT  University of North Carolina creates MedWatch app for adverse event reporting:    
 Great question: where in a company should digital media reside? marketing, communications ? 
 RT  wnt 2 know all the pharma & healthcare company uses of social media out thr?  
    for  recommendation!  Have a great week.
 Presenting tomorrow A.M. at the American Academy for the Advancement of Science on  Epatients and personalized medicine then off to 
 RT  2 MA hospitals deal w/ state reducts in bad debt reimbursement :  not sure how happens in all states
 RT  Payers, patients replacing physicians as stakeholders 
 RT  Thx for sharing this story.  RT    Lessons to be learned from clinic that only takes 
 RT  Find out about research challenges with comparative effectiveness and personalized medicine  
 RT  Bristol Myers Squibb Begins Tender Offer to Acquire ZymoGenetics, Inc 
 RT  Check out iPad for health and PHARMA.  
 RT  Doctor-Nurse Relationship: How to Energize  & Engage the Doctor and Nurse Team  via 
 RT  Chronic disease + mobile may kick participation up a notch acc to  research: 
 RT  Markets signal approval of Sanofi's Genzyme tilt [Reuters] 
 RT  J&J collaboration w/ UN to improve the health of women & children-video:   (via 
 RT  Almost a quarter of junior doctors dropping out 
 Via  In Young Kids, Lack Of Sleep Linked To Obesity Later | 
 RT  Personalized Genomics in the News: 
 RT  Learn just about everything there is to know about allergies. 
      
 RT  post by Pharma Reform: Are Pharma Executives Hampering the Ability of their Companies to Change? 
 RT  Medical Records: Stored in the Cloud, Sold on the Open Market (Wired)   
 RT  RT  The Flow of Social Media -   
 RT  Patients enhance health sites     
 RT  StumbleUpon New Tools to Increase Patient Volume 
 Dr. Harvey Cushing's (neurosurgery) Patients, slideshow via NYTimes: 
  Inside Neurosurgery's rise: 
 RT  Many drugs for U.S. kids tested in poor countries  
 RT  White House makes health reform case to doctors  
  a few socialdocs and doc resources     
 RT  RT  Number of Doctors and Nurses on Twitter  by Health is Social 
 RT  Our member  companies      R helping the  via  drug savings program.
 RT  How the health law will change health care options for the homeless:  (via 
 RT   Launch Party   auction to provide $ assist complex illness  tix avail Sept1 
 RT  RT  Roche issues Social Media Guidelines to employees - this is Big.  
 RT  IBM talks about smart devices for healthcare      
 RT  Scientists have evidence that repeated blows to the head may cause nerve diseases like Alzheimer's  --> NFL?
 RT  PhRMA Statement on Burden of Cancer   
 RT  Chopra: DOD and VA adoption of innovation will be catalysts for commercialization of new tech 
 RT  Great talk with  from  - looking forward to working with you :)  We Love ReachMD!!!
 RT  RT  Saw TV ad by  re:  usage at their hospitals.  Will your hospital promote EHR adoption?
 RT  A list of CEOs who "get" twitter: Tweets from the Chiefs - BusinessWeek 
           
       
 RT  Q3  hope to see some pharma use sm beyond corp & mktg for clinical trials recruitment, innovation, prod safety etc.
 Running a hospital: Toussaint and Gerard tell us how to get on the men... 
 RT  RT  RT  Patients may be the unifying factor. They dont care about boundaries. ~ generally speaking? 
 RT  Great  video: Marc Overhage of the Indiana Health Information Exchange   
 RT  Pretty amazing health lineup for  
 RT  Google's  on the advantage of online health info searching (and finding): 
 RT  18-49 yr-olds are more likely than those age 50+ to view a lack of broadband as a major disadvantage in getting health info
 Please vote for my SXSW Interactive presentation on Patient Advocacy 2.0. Thank you!!!
 Texts and tweets help an M.D. connect with her patients | Article | Homepage articles:  via 
 RT  RT    posts good survey of the week's hot news in socmed in healthcare    ...
 RT In Healthcare, Experience Matters: 
 NYTimes provides resource to help decode the  room bill 
 NYTimes story provides insight into India's safety net and potential changes in social services 
 RT  Baltimore hospitals tweet, friend and blog their way to new patients  
 the diva and the emcee , real-time MRI by Krishna Nayak via vimeo: 
 RT Story of Caring from Lori.TV  
 RT  iPad's health care prospects: Three steps forward, two steps back ... 
 RT  Ingenix has unveiled a special version of its CareTracker PM/  system  
 RT  FDA Center for Tobacco Products Stakeholder Discussion Series Sessions Announced   /via 
 RT  New Blog Post on my CMS presentation --  My Birthday Wish: Patient-Centric Reimbursement 
 RT  Need some  or  inspiration on a Friday afternoon? Here's a big list of smart ideas: 
 RT  Implications of FDA’s Warning Letter to Novartis Regarding Facebook Share Widget   
 New blog post  blog: Mobile Health in Action    
 Today's  a mix of  and        
 RT  Got time 2 watch 4 episodes of the show "ER" ? That's the average wait time in the average hospital ER- 
 RT  70,000 children/teens go 2 the E.R. each year 4 injuries & complications from medical devices  via MSNBC
 Can y'all alert me to those interested in severe allergies and anaphylaxis, please?  thx
 RT  Obesity should not require specialists to manage 
 From CDC,  success stories from    
 From CDC   disease successes /opportunities for prevention/control in populations 
 RT WSJ - The New Nutritionist: Your Grocer  - more options..  
 WashPo, 12.July.2010,  Manchester, Kentucky obesity rate as high as 52% for adults ----> future of  disease? 
 Preventing  conditions fact sheet , Center for Studying Health System Change 
 Diabetes Prevention Program, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, National Institute of Health, 10/1/2008 
 New Webcast/Podcast briefing from AllHealthReform "The $174 Billion Question: How to Reduce Diabetes and Obesity" 
  Sheena Iyengar The Art of Choosing who should choose if life support is removed, doc or patient's fam: 
  fave, Jill Bolte Taylor, brain researcher, analyzes her stroke while having her stroke *powerful*  
 RT  If you are interested in being evaluated for liver donation please contact CLDT at 1-877-LIVER-MD (1-877-548-3763)
 RT Doctors Don’t ‘Get’ Their Patients:  ---> says patients mst ask ?'s but what if doc feels threatnd by ?'s
 RT  IPC and UCSF launch hospital medicine leadership fellowship 
 RT  Healthcare: What it means to you? Tuesday Business Program Keynote with David Cutler, Harvard Professor, 2010   ...
 RT  External appeals: Health plans to shoulder most of the costs; severe limits on patient burden. 
 RT  A  community must-read convo  post + comments including from    ^NC
 RT  A look at NIH's effort to spur drug development in  sector 
   Sending out such love and admiration for  you after reading Let's change the Face of health care 
 RT  Genentech merger so far so good for Roche bottom line:   
 RT  Surgeon general addresses black health  website helps pts take control of health care HealthCare.gov
 RT  Live webcast of  Closing Session going on now.  
 RT        
      
 RT  My new blog post: "Hospitals Go Green"  
 RT  Social media can enhance the doctor-patient relationship 
 RT  A community "pampering" program uses  to help  patients relax.  
 RT  New Post: Organ Donors, Thalassemia, and Appropriations   r  
 RT  Reducing healthcare disparities affecting people with diabetes 
 RT  Impact of the health care reform and White House revenue proposals on high-net-worth taxpayers, 
 RT  Fish eaters show lower risk of age-related eye disease  
 RT  Health tweeps digital footprint dashboard for healthcare unbound conf ~  
 RT  U.N. urged to probe U.S. trade stance on generic drugs  
 RT  S.Africa eager to see speedy roll-out of AIDS gel  
 RT   health tweeps have you seen?  'Speaker Rate' ~ 
 RT  Lots of emphasis on the shift to consumers driving much more of the health technolgies market. 
 A bone marrow drive for an 11-year-old "Lion King" star with leukemia  Huffpost -
 CH blog post discussing need for integrated HIT for health reform efficacy: 
 HITECH Act  $$ Nationwide Health Information Network (NHIN) & national standards 4 certification of EHRs—$64.3 million source: Deloitte
 HITECH Act includes Grant $$  for up to 15 Beacon communities to illustrate community-wide use of HIT—$235 million. source: Deloitte
 RT  only 21% of HH/Hospice providers using telemedicine 
 HITECH Act includes $$ for State health information exchanges—$564 million. source: Deloitte
 Under HITECH ACT hospitals eligible for grants based on volume and discharges starting at $2 million and going up for EHRs
 Under HITECH ACT  physicians eligible 4 as much as $44,000 via Medicare & $63,750 through Medicaid for EHRs. source: Deloitte
 7/13 Criteria released for hospitals & physicians to access $27.3 billion in stimulus  to  implement EHRs source: DeloitteHealthReformMemo
 RT  RT  Watchful waiting may be appropriate for most prostate cancer cases 
 RT  call TRxA to learn more about their  program for those w/out  800-966-0407  
           
 RT  Health Insurance Exchanges & Affordable Care Act: Key Policy Issues - The Commonwealth Fund:  
 Kaiser deploys digital mobile clinic to Hawaii - FierceMobileHealthcare:  via 
 RT  What We Can Learn From Mobile Health Care - Newsweek 
 Dramatic ROI could make mobile clinics a health reform standout:  via 
 RT  Purdue Pharma Launches New Facebook Community for Pain Management Advocates:   
 RT  NYTimes: Standards Issued for Electronic Health Records  today 20% of docs & 10% hospitals use
 RT  Synageva pushes back on CW tht payrs balk  impct of drugs 4  pts. commn disease costs mre likly 2 break the bank
 RT   about Chronic Inflammatory Immune Demyelinating Sensory Polyradiculoneuropathy,  
 RT  RT  Gershkowitz- be science driven and patient focused ; recognize every disease is a family disease 
 RT  Gershkowitz - Every disease has its own personality based on effects 
 RT  RT  Follow  2 C  &  insights from the Rare Disease Leadership Summit 
 RT  Residents of Broome County,  now have help for the      (via  )
 Cryerhealth ceo attending  leadership summit. day 2 focused on patient advocacy as business strategy
 RT  Patients who e-mail with doctors see health improvements -  via USAToday
 RT  RT     NPs are needed as partners in health reform 
 RT  blog post:1st unified protocol to provide primary care to rare disease patients  
 RT  Niche busters -- orphan blockbusters  is this the new world order? 
 RT  Health care vs. venture capiital: "there's a problem in that..." vs "there's an opportunity in that!" 
 RT  RT  On June 10, 2010, 23andMe received a letter from FDA BLOG post:   
 CryerHealth a sponsorof 2day's Rare Disease Leadership Summit.Accelerate orphan drug development thru partnership w/pts 
 RT  RT  25 iPad Apps Revolutionizing Healthcare (via  World of DTC Mktg) 
 RT  We have new programs playing all this week - and new changes happening at our website 
 New blog post  blog, Healthcare Happiness: Key to Creating a Patient-Centric Healthcare Organization: 
 RT  Health secretary urges insurers to plug gap  
 RT  Thinking about: Health 2.0 Developer Challenge:  (my take: ) 
 RT  Talking touchscreens aid patients 
 RT  Health Reform: Questions abt the Temporary High-Risk Pool - KFF:  via  
            
 RT  Emergency room waits grow as more people become insured 
 "patient shuld understand he/she mst tke chrge of own life. Don't tke your body to the doc as if he were a repair shop." Quentin Regestein
 RT  Great overview of Big pharma's iPhone apps by  (articles 1-3):   (via 
  Access to basic quality health care is one of the most important domestic issues facing our nation. Ed Pastor
 Hlth is the greatest possession.Contntmnt is the greatst treasre. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non-being is the greatest joy. Lao Tzu
  Time And health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted. Denis Waitley
  America's healthcare system is neither healthy, caring, nor a system. Walter Cronkite
  The only way to do the human rights thing is to do the right thing medically. Paul Farmer
 Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading. Thomas Jefferson
  Without health life is not life; it is only a state of langour and suffering - an image of death. Buddha
 The devil has put a penalty on all things we enjoy in life. Either we suffer in health or we suffer in soul or we get fat. Albert Einstein
 The health of the people is really the foundation upon which all their happiness and all their powers as a state depend. Benjamin Disraeli
  "It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver." Mohandas Gandhi
  "The first wealth is health." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
  Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. -Buddha
 RT  US Outlines Plan for IP Protection and Securing the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain: 
 New blog post  Mapping Chaos: U.S. Healthcare Viewed from Abroad 
 From NY Times, "Patient Voices" migraines: 
 What happens when you turn off lights, tv, still can't  When Good Sleep Habits Aren’t Enough - 
 Study links certain genes 2 a long lifespan 
 RT  Antioxidants Improve Cardiovascular Health In At-Risk Patients 
 RT  Kidney stone pain, as experienced by a man and a woman 
 RT  FDA recruiting patient reps 4 device cmtes. Contacts, hips, stents, etc.    Interested?  Apply now!
 RT  RT  Grove on How to Make an American Job Before It's Too Late.Amazing,important read: 
 RT  RT  RT  Mobile apps will lead health innovation   
             
 RT  A practical guide to understanding health reform from the ACP. Recommended: 
 “Lord, by such things men live; and my spirit finds life in them too. You restored me to health and let me live.” Isaiah 38:16 NIV
 RT  Good morning! Start off your day with one of these 7 perfect meals made in 5 minutes or less: 
 RT  HealthEd taps Alterian for social media mining     
 RT  Family-centered rounds more common, obstacles remain   from American Academy Pediatrics
 RT  Smoking around kids exacts a high toll: studies   2nd hand smoke drops significantly in homes since 90s
 RT  From M.S. Patients, Outcry for Unproved  Treatment - 
     check out our recent posts re asthma triggers for 4th July; may also want to follow 
 RT  Disease and Therapy Review: Asthma Now Available at ReportsandReports: DALLAS, June 29, 2010 /PRNewswire/ --
 RT  Health-care overhaul's costs to Virginia and Maryland (and most states) unclear 
 RT  Brief History of Motivation 
 RT  Chain of transplants gives 14 kidney patients new life 
 4th of July asthma tip from aafa.org: Keep your rescue inhaler with you at all times
 4th of July asthma tip from aafa.org: Take your asthma controllers as prescribed by your doctor
 4th of July asthma tip from aafa.org: Keep a safe distance from the barbeque grill & choose a picnic spot upwind from it.
 4th of July asthma tip from aafa.org: Sit upwind at fireworks shows.
 4th of July asthma tips aafa.org: asthma symptoms are frequent because of unexpected trigger: smoke from fireworks and barbeque grills
 RT  Study of websites and Google descriptions for 100 top-selling drugs of 2009 to examine impact of text and imagery  ...
 RT  G8 Nations Commit $5B For Maternal, Child Health; Additional $2.3B Committed From Other Countries, Foundations http: ...
 Presenting today at FDA Workshop on Acute Anti-body Mediated Rejection in Kidney Transplantation on PatientCentered Clinical Trial Design
 New post  Money Alone Won't Fix Primary Care 
 RT  *A Pacemaker Wrecks a Family's Life* Can faith in medicine be restored?   - › When the surgeon asked...  ...
 on my way to the American Liver Foundation board meeting today
 RT   is in less than 1 hour from NOW!!   
 RT  RT  My estimate of no of physicians social networks worldwide  - abt 70. Physicians using - at least 3m
 RT  The biggest mistake leaders make is to lose their focus & start majoring on minor issues.Every distraction is a temptation.
 CryerHealth execs enrolled in new program   – Revitalize You! ™ HeartMath’s System for Building Resilience and Transforming Stress
 RT  Low-Allergy Peanut in Development 
 RT  Peanut Allergy - Peanut Allergies | Best Allergy Sites: Food ... 
 RT  Facebook Campaign for Peanut Allergy Friendly Cubs Games: A reader wrote to me to share the link for a Facebook Ca.. ...
 RT Comments being accepted by U.S. DOT On Federal eRulemaking Portal click "Submit a Comment" provide the necessary information.
 U.S. DOT: Who should be responsible for ensuringepinephrine auto-injector is available on a flight: the passenger w/allergy or the carrier?
 U.S. DOT: How likely is it that a passenger with allergies to peanuts will have severe adverse health reactions...?
 U.S. DOT: How should peanuts and peanut products brought on board aircraft by passengers be handled?
 U.S. DOT soliciting on:3.a peanut-free buffer zone in the immediate area of a passenger with documented severe allergy to peanuts
 U.S. DOT soliciting on:2.Banning serving of peanuts/peanut products on flights where passenger has requested a peanut-free flight in advance
 U.S. DOT soliciting on:1.Banning the serving of peanuts/peanut products by both U.S./foreign carriers on flights covered by disability rule
 U.S. DOT soliciting on:1.Banning the serving of peanuts/peanut products by both U.S./foreign carriers on flights covered by disability rule.
 RT "should airlines ban peanuts?" 
 28.06.2010 WHO hosting  discussions about the results of and methods used to generate the 2010 Access to Medicine Index 
  measures: medicine management, policy & influence, R&D, pricing/distro, licensing/patents, capability advancement, & philanthropy
  is a ranking of world´s largest pharmaceutical companies on their efforts to increase access to medicine for societies in need
 More on Access to Medicine Index (AMI) 
 RT  Europe's drugmakers beat U.S. on access for poor   info re the Access to Medicines Index (AMI)
 Supported the United Cerebral Palsy and Capabilities Scotland at the British Embassy with fmr. H&K pal Armetta Parker and celebvocate Chery…
  attending United Celebral Palsy event at British Embassy with Cheryl Hines, fabulous celebvocate 
 RT  A.M. Vitals: Medtronic& New Heart Device; Medicare & Fix& 
 RT  eHealth blog post on Curing Cancer Clinical Trials - the IOM report and NEJM editorial 
     
        
 gr8 nite at the British Embassy supporting the United Cerebral Palsy & Capability Scotland.  20 year anniversary of ADA
 RT  Healthcare Execs Divided over Reform as Opportunity or Threat  
 RT  Paying patients to be compliant. What do you think?   
 RT  Google Android versus the iPhone for medical apps: 
 RT   made  Top Health Blogs list . CryerHealth posts health & patient  info.
 RT  I'm guest moderating  tomorrow night in  stead. Please join us at 8 pm EST.  
 RT  RT  FDA unveils new website 2 communicate safety monitoring 2 patients & HCPs: 
 RT  Lung Summit: Innovations in Pulmonary & Critical Care Med -Aug 19-20, 2010, Cleveland Ohio 
 Sara Collins Commonwealth Fund, health reform law (video): mms://kaiserfam.wmod.llnwd.net/a2355/o23/2010/041610_alliance_newbill_collins.wmv
 Alliance for Health Reform, "Covering Health Issues," Health Reform Chapter: 
 “Covering Health Issues” Alliance for Health Reform guide to health policy, w/reform info www.allhealth.org/sourcebooktoc.asp?SBID=3
 7th Annual World Health Care Congress (May 16-17), early registration deadline approaching: 
 RT  FDA to regulate genetic tests as medical devices  
 RT  Walgreen's and CVS playing "chicken" in Dispute Over Filling Prescriptions   
 RT  HLC's Mary R. Grealy nominated - 2010 Modern  100 Most Powerful People in Healthcare - 
  The Health Transformation Institute- a 'Do tank' as opposed to a think tank - Patrick Soon-Shiong 
 RT  Pfizer & Epocrates partner 2 give HCPs access 2 medical info specialsts    
 RT  RT  New Blood test 92% accurate for Ovarian cancer FDA approved   
  "Social Media Listening, Measurement, & Engagement Primer"     
 RT   & community engagement: The Traveling Medicine Bag & What's holding us back?  
 Fantastic HBA Health Leaders Breakfast this morning with Medco Health Solutions Barbara Cosgriff  most innovative firm by Fortune (2008)
 RT  RT  20 incredible ipad apps that will revolutionize nursing  
 Thanks for the  recommendations  
 RT  Alt Career Paths:Bedside nursing isn't the only career.wht other pathways R availbl? How cn we prep grads' paths? 
 RT  15 minutes until  - consider using  or 
 RT  RT  Self-service check-in kiosks at the hospital? Does it improve the pt experience?  
 RT  The antidotes to the 3 most common traps of leadership are Integrity, Humility & Generosity.
 I am featured in Gienna Shaw's post on E-patients in the online edition expansion of this month's print theme Putting …
 RT  RT    makes big strides in year one  
 RT  RT 
 RT  RT  78% of CDC Twitter followers were able to change their health behavior via CDC content/posts- nice s ...
 RT   Melissa created and taught web2.0 class to ENTIRE Mayo Clinc. Would love to teach that at the Cleveland Clinic
 RT  RT  FDA has a new  acct:  - FDA Device Safety & Consumer Information.   
 RT  RT  American Heart Association teams up with Wii      
 RT  68% of ppl w/ chronic conditions go online. 21% of consumers willing 2 use  2 get care  
 RT  RT  New FDA Campaign Targets Detailing, Trade Shows    
 RT  10% of fathers showed signs of moderate or severe postpartum depression.  classic post
 RT  Major depression was associated with greater problems with mobility and usual activities, pain and discomfort, lower q ...
 RT  NIH: study showed women taking vitamin E & ≥65 yrs old had 26% decr.in nonfatal heart attack & 49% decr.in CV death rates
