 RT  RT  Shout-out to    and the (cont) 
  4Our party 2Nite feat: B-day girl  Also taking the stage   
 It's going down 2NITE  4  B-day! Taking the stage:   (cont) 
 Labor day weekend...... ;) RT   im great and they're great...when is the next time u'll b in Atl?
 Happy Birthday Baby!!!! 
 RT  Can't wait 2C    take the stage 2NIGHT  Passyon Outlet. So bring them SINGLES. 
 RT  We  just KILLED our performance. See you guys at Passyon tomorrow  
 I been great!! How's you and the family? 
 Hey boo....long time. Miss youuu :) 
 We are Indeed!!!! RT   girl me      (cont) 
 Ladies....when your heels start sounding like your tap dancing when you walk it's time for some new caps for those shoes. 
 Can't wait to c u all 2morrow! This indeed will be a certified banger!     
 At Benihana......do a lil shopping.....then go get a mani & pedi.....
 RT  " FRIDAY JULY 29     "
 RT  RB & THE BENSON TWINS PRESENTS *STRIPPERS GONE WILD*"FRIDAY JULY 29th  
 Hell you slipped up.....you just slipped up. Smh......
 Smh it's sad, some men don't claim they child/fail 2 even mention anything about having 1 just 2bn good grace w/some1 they have interest n.
 Thank you :) RT   NXS just checked out your Facebook page... hot pics!
 Omg...why am I still up? Smh
 When were you here? Smh..... RT  had a ball in Detroit --- shouts out to the homie Mike Bonner
 I liked a  video  How To : Eye Brows .... My Way :)
 RT  RT   the 
 RT  RB & THE BENSON TWINS PRESENTS:*STRIPPERS GONE WILD* "FRIDAY JULY 29TH" (cont) 
 Heeeey :) 
 That's you lol RT   Hey Superstar!
 Hey sweetie RT   hey madam what's up
 Heeey 
 Stupid....lol RT  wtf is up with all these small ass avi's??? I cant see yall hoes lol
 Smh....  got me up at Lucky's and we just ate at Beans & Cornbread. 
 It was nice sleeping in. Now it's time for a nice bath, take care some biz, and a great work out.
 RT  RT  ROCKING THE POLE. A MUST SEE VIDEO! 
 US ROCKING THE POLE....A MUST SEE VIDEO!! 
  (benson twins) rocking the pole 
 Thanks baby :)) RT   You're the hottest dream that life came in the form of reality, kisses for you.
 RT   You're the hottest dream that life came in the form of reality, kisses for you.
 RT          
 Relaxing....u? RT   hey whats goin on gorgeous
 Good afternoon....it feels great laying in bed and not having to get up and go to work today. ;) 
 Great port sweetie 
 Hey sexy :) RT  S/O to  >> Hey boo.!
 Wow...since when did 2 hair scarves become an outfit. Smh... 
 Okay sweetie I'll check out your port. :) 
 RT    ORDER 2DAY  HIT  (cont) 
 I thought I was....got you now :) RT   follow meand i will dm u info for the feature
 No not yet sweetie RT   HAVE U HAD A FEATURE ON GGURLS YET
 Thanks sweetie....I will. ;) RT  now following  hello .. keep in touch
 THE BENSON TWINS  ROCKING THE POLE....A MUST SEE VIDEO!! 
 RT  Good Morning EVERYONE!!!!! 
 3pm RT   me too lol what time you done today?
 Omg at work sleepy smh lol RT   how's you're morning ging. Kinda was missin you lol
 Hey Loh RT   good morning
 GM :) RT   morning beautiful
 Hey GM RT   good morning!!
 Hi Jooooei RT  "   Goodmorning :)
 
 Goooood Evening Everyone!!!!! Hope you had a great HUMP DAY. ;)
 RT     the bestie of    ★ |  |   ...
 RT   the bestie of    ★ |  |  |  |  ...
 RT  BE AT 007 2NIGHT WITH SPECIAL GUEST PERFORMANCE BY US "The Benson Twins".....S/O 2    ...
 How you doing? RT  Hey girl heeeey!! RT  Heeey 
 Hey what's up RT   what's up
 Heeey 
 You still have to ask lol RT     ;)
 As long as you can cook.....lol RT  RT  I'm a heel & lingerie freak that loves (cont) 
 Lmao at myself. Looking to see who's coming out the bathroom stall to determine if i'm going to use it after her. Smh....
 I'm a heel & lingerie freak that loves to clean.........
 U right....only in Detroit. I went poling n ATL...no problems at all. It was no, "U have to take a class with us 1st" lol  
 Everyone think they're better then others. When they all should just come together. Smh... 
 Not worried. It's just funny. I'm good, My dad is my patient. RT   I dont let it get 2 (cont) 
 It's sad how the pole studios in the Detroit areas are so divided! Smh...2 much hating going on. But hey can't expect 2 much from em. 
 Haven't been to Cali in a min. Looking forward to this weekend. ;)
 You need to teach others...SMH RT  Never been the bragging type-everything is just obvious-I NEVER SAY MUCH..........
 Great and you? RT   how u today beautiful
 Glad you made it in safe & sound lol RT   I didn't get in til like 5n the morn fucking with them lol
 Some night lol RT   niggas losing car keys at the greektown casino lol wer got iut in a Nikkis
 GM RT   good mornin
 I'm sooo sure. Sound like you all had a ball
 In addition, if itisn't business I don't give out my number sweetie. 
 I don't use text as an serious form of communication. I'm old fashion!  RT   can i text u
 Smh....get up lol RT   being lazy recovering from last night smh
 Hey sweetie RT   wassup
 Nothing much....at work. You? RT   wats good?
 GM Shawn RT   goodmorning
 I'm sooo sure RT   I'm dealing with the samething wow that's to funny lol I'm a RN and (cont) 
 I never knew how much people lie about the smallest things just to get ahead....until I start working with this lick ass male nurse.
 Thanks again.....work is cool. RT   that's what's up. Very down to earth. How's work going?
 She tweet more then me. Smh lol 
 She finally learned lol RT   are u tweeting urself? Or did  finally learn how to tweet!? Lol!!
 I know lol... Love you too RT   lol good one!!!! Love you
 I am lol ....RT   that's whas up. I like you tho lol seem fun to be around!
 Stop watching the clock RT  They say "time heals all pain" 
 Same here ;) RT   5 that's good. And that's all I know!! I love what I do!
 5pm...Make that $$$ RT   what time you done? I'm on my way to work now another double today smh!! All I do is work!!
 Get a follow sweetie.....why are you rushing me to follow you back????? RT   Of course you can what?
 RT   2  I hope you have a blessed Sunday & please don't 4get 2 follow back. I'm 1 of ur biggest fans.
 RT   to  I hope you have a blessed Sunday & please don't forget to (cont) 
 RT   -   Looking forward to having you as a follower. xoxoxoxo. Peace
 Good Morning Joei Joei RT   Good morning...
 I'm at work now... 
 Okay, thank you. :) 
 Good morning to you too. Thanks for the follow. Of course I can. 
 Okay I guess lol....i had to work until 11pm. RT   hey baby!! How was you're night?
 Well with my reg job, teaching pole dance/tricks and traveling doing pole performances. I'm not sure. Hopefully soon. 
 GM sweetie RT   good morning!
 Oh okay cool :) 
 Thanks....you too! RT   Have a nice day
 GM....I'm good and you? RT   good morning... How r u this sunday
 Thank you :) RT    And good morning to you also
  ;)
 Mmmm home from work, hot shower. These sheets feel amazing!!!
 Nothing but work RT   wassup
 Nope lol RT   Me to can u give me 1 first lol
 Thanks for the follow baby....  :) 
 I can soooo use a massage right now.....
 Next month and I'll be back down in Sept. RT   when your coming in to shoot
 Niceee :) RT   Going well..releasing soon! Launching a few business ventures..
 Yea it will be. Yea, staying busy is always great. How's the music going? 
 Thank you....I was about to talk shit. RT   Ok we both need to better, we can leave it at that...
 We wish we were down there rolling with you all :(. 
 I Love when it Rains....
 Ah Negative and you know it. RT   Yea your right, but still your more of a Stranger then me :(
 Ur devices isn't broken either lol RT   Only if you stop being a STRANGER...
 Lovely and you? RT   how u been
 Shut up lol RT   u moan to loud
 Lol... :) RT   shooting til I seen your avi
 Cool... :) RT   ok bet on its way
 Give me a piece...lol  RT  Oh you mean so much to me...
 Work that's about it.....you? RT   what's good
 Yes sir....signal at work sucks. Send it to TheBensonTwins paypal RT   hey u get my text?
 Thank you :) RT   sexy avi
 Only out of skate when they have the big skate parties. RT   lol yall still go in this weather?
 Oh just checking....*cutting eyes* lol RT   when it cools down. It's too hot right now
 Ha ha lol. RT   and  is on the list too. Dang   are nothing but trouble.
 I was in Mexico for a lil bit and when I got back it was Work work work. A lot me ME time. Miss ya much though 
 Why we have to be beefing? Are u in Chi or NC? RT   we are beefin'. I was about to send SEAL team 6 for you.
 Thanks Loh....when you gone meet us at the rink? Lol RT   sexy avi D
  Buieeee lol
 We have a performance that night. Maybe we'll try & come B4 RT   please I need all the pretty fems on deck
 Omg....lmao RT  Hey......... YOUR DICK IS LITTLE!
 Lol... RT  You're 8, and you have a phone! Who are you gonna call? Barney?
 But of course work kept me here. I'll just see them all in Atlanta the first weekend in Sept.
 I sooo wish I was in Chi town burning up the wood (rollerskating) with my skate fam. A 3 day weekend filled with rolling and hanging out.
 Thanks for the invite. I'm going to try.... 
 Yep...we're looking forward to Cali. :) RT   I'm good!: ) I see my girls goin national! : )
 RT   I'm good!: ) I see my girls goin national! : )
 I been around...if I'm not working I'm at home chillin or not in MI. RT   Don't here we go me. Where have u been?
 I would like that 
 RT   would love to feature u as a top model on twitter "top twit pic" 
 Should have ended it with BIGGEST LOSERS lol RT  RT  Sometimes the ones who seem (cont) 
 Lovely and you? RT   How u doing on thes nice morning?
 Good but even better when I get off work. And you? RT   you're welcome. How you making out today?
 Oh okay that's cool. Good luck to both. Same here, staying focus as well. :) 
 Here we gooo lol RT  " Good luck!!!! RT  Game in Cleveland today, (cont) 
 Thanks sweetie :) RT   just was admiring youre beauty. Love the pic!!
 RT   just was admiring youre beauty. Love the pic!!
 GM....long time. How you been? RT  Goodmorning.
 Good luck!!!! RT  Game in Cleveland today, gotta get this win...
 Hey sweetie, GM ;) RT   goods morning
 Awww, how you been? RT   Stinky Pooh!!! I was just thinkin about u guys the other day!: )
 Making up lol RT  RT        (cont) 
  long time. How you been?
 RT  This time next week we'll be in the Bay area......Looking forward to rocking them poles out there.
 Good morning, have a lovely sat. RT   Good Morning
 Morning sweetie RT   Morning
 :) RT    < morning!
 Good Morning my lovely tweeties!!!!! ;)
 Omg...don't even lol. *wink* RT   -_- liessssss .. you just do me so wrong *cries*
 Don't laugh at her silly ass lol. We need to go down and see her.  RT     Lmao....ha!
 Omg......I haven't been on in a min. I still love u boo :( 
 I miss you tooo. The end of the month would be great. 
 Hey boo....busy working. How are you? RT   - where oh where has my girl Nita been?!?
 Okay......soooo who's next to wear a big ass bird on they shirt? 
 3rd MJ jacket i've seen tonight. Smh.... 
 Sucking his thumb.....lol 
 I seen it at the end. He been sucking to many years lol 
 RT  you guys are killing me with these  tweets....lol
 Okay soooo Alexandria O'neal couldn't borrow any teeth for the 
 Oh wow....it's been a long time. RT   for a min...prolly since 2002 right? Or 03
 Fantasia? Lol
 RT  the media so sneaky..  2 chris brown nominees / 2 rihanna .. 
 Busta so happy to be on stage.....lmao
 Lol..show her! RT   lol she got one...she just don't kno how to use it  lol
 Lol...you crazy. RT  Ewwww .. that body twist on the hip was to gay !
 I c...tell her to get a twitter acct lol. RT   LOL SHE N RARE FORM TONIGHT LOL..SHE SAID HEYY BABY I MISS YOU TOO!
 Lmao...tell mom she's a clown! I miss her RT  my momma said...this nigga mic is wearing a scarf lol
 Kevin Hart is the same height as the kids.....lmao
 RT  GO HEAD ANITA BAKER!!!! 
 Clooown!!! Lol RT  Mary sounds like she outta breath with that belt on.
 With her classic hairstyle......lol RT  I still love Anita baker voice 
 You wrong Lmao.....RT  N DEN MARY GOT ON *ORTHOPEDIC* SHOES SMH
 Come on Mary...why you sound like you out of breath. Smh
 They all do the same shit on stage......bounce around, grab crouch, etc. lol smh
 I know lol 
 Yes I am....smh. Didn't expect to much from this show. Lol RT   :) how are you? U watching this madness? Lol
 Here you goooo lol RT   don't hate
 I do but not that piece of 12inch on the side of her head. I could just hear u now if some1 came in the club like that. Lol 
 Yep lol RT   now watch everybody gone b at the beauty shop sayin fix my hair like keri's was on the awards lol
 Great and you? RT   hello! How u doing?
 Hey sexy.....lol RT   lmaooooo hey boo
 I thought I was the only 1 that seen that. Lol RT  tracy wusup with your left (my right) lash? (cont) 
 Why Keri have that one piece of 12inch hair in her head? Smh 
 NOT!!!! Lol RT  Diggy Simmons had the best performance on the 
 Lmao....clown for that one. RT  Auto tune should be illegal o_O
 NOT!!! RT  Thats a helluva dress rocsi 
 Lmao....RT  mc lyte looks like lil mama 
 Lol....idk. Is that Sequins? Was not feeling his performance at all. RT  Does Miguel have on a Micheal jackson Jacket lmao
 Happy Be-lated b-day 
 Wonder what size is Rick Ross beater? Lol 
 Lmao.....RT   lmaooo Fuck Yeaaaaa
 Terrence shit was tight. He had to unbutton it. Lmao RT   Terrance And Nick Cannon Hot Ass Shit With Them Suits On
 Lol....right. She look like she about to go ice skating 
 Ha ha I just said the same lmao RT   Hahahahaha The B2k Like Shit
 Is that B2k...lmao 
 We are indeed! RT    ;) Its goin down on the 4th hope yall ready!!!
 That's always....how long we've been knowing each other? Lol RT   I'm good just staying busy
 Thanks baby :) RT   avi.......nice
 Nite nite!!!! Muaaah
 Getting ready to Rock the pole!!!! Boney's Night club Tonight.....it's going down!!!!
 Great thanks for asking :) RT   im fine u
 GM...how u doing this morning? RT   goodmornin
 Great and you? RT   thanks babe ;-) how have you been!?!?!
 You've been hit by a "Smooth Criminal"  -MJ
 I love you too ;) lol RT  I love you :)
 Martin 12:00am-2:00am 
 Can't wait RT   ok U WILL..
 Ha ha.... RT   We gone keep going there damnit...
 Some people need to delete their Twitter and facebook accounts, get a note book, and start writing.
 Here we goooo lol RT  " Yes it is lol RT  Its time for me to go to sleep..."<- Shut up Stranger...
 Yes it is lol RT  Its time for me to go to sleep...
 Oh okay....i see.  I have to see that look. 
 Yall always do! ;)  RT  Just Did Our First show with Estelle..It was dope, We Killed it & she loved it! Next show n an hour LEGGO!
 Hey sweetie RT   hey boo
 Would u rock that? RT   U right...u gotta have Style...
 Nice.....not to many can pull that off. RT  Dare to be different  
 I see ole school lol RT   I'm cool chillen. That's ole school for I'm fine lol
 Hey.....my last tweet wasn't mean. Lol 
 It wasn't lol.....i'm great and you. RT   dang that's mean lol how u?
 RT  if u know and cool wit  u would know she dont fake shit out, she madd cool
 Right lmao RT    that shit was crazy, he coulda bought a stand, (cont) 
 Smh lol RT  ghetto shit 
 To my stalking followers.......i'm not mean at all. I just don't fuck with you like that anymore.
 Better late the never. Hey baby, thanks for the follow. RT   
 You are indeed!!! Lol RT  Burn to Earn...I'm so focused right now...lol URIV 
 Me on the right :) RT  Us and the Sexy  before or performance "  she HOTT!!!
 I don't be on there like that. I don't like FB like that.  RT   I GUESS U DONT WANT TO BE MY FRIEND ON FACEBOOK
 Yea lol RT   I had no idea y'all were professional pole dancers. Checked out some footage the other day
 Yep....i'll be there. RT   Boney's... And yeah, its been too long
 Okay and you? RT   hi how u doing sexxy
 Idk....depend on where your going to be. Wow its been a while. RT   so I'll c u Saturday
 I know...its been a min. RT   good bumping into you the other night. Literally. Lol!
 Awww and I still love you too. ;) RT   still love ya
 I'm cool and you ? RT   how art thou
 Hola, buenos dias RT   hola
 If you call busy brand new.....i guess you be busy too. ;) RT   yeah u be acting brand new :( no love for Ant
 I been great. It's been a min. Wanted to say Hi ;) RT  RT  Hey Anthony.how u been? - im good how u been?
 Hey  you been?
 Heeey GM RT  “ Goodmorning Tweeties!!!!”--- GM
 Hey sweetie.....long time. How you been? RT   Hey Gorgeous
 Goodmorning Tweeties!!!!
 Lmao RT  “  play dough boys cash out all day.....she will be good then” <-- lmfao
 RT  Check this video out -- PHILLIP LOVING PROMO.mp4  via 
 Omg....i soooo been trying to nap for the past 2 hours. Smh
 Lol...oh Wow RT   I saw one yesterday at the gas-station, her hair line resembled Lebron James!!  lol
 Seen a bad one in Mexico this week. Smh lol RT  RT   buy her a lace-front 
 Good night Tweeties!!!! Muaaaah
 I'm late. I guess so some of em were mines. Lol RT  Thank you sis  4 helping me with ALL my grocerys! :) 
 Good Morning all!!!!!
 Vacation.....was so needed! RT   awesome! Why were u in Mexico.
 Back from Mexico....back to work for the next 4 days.  & Pole Performances
 Home from Mexico.......what a great vacation!
 Mexico have been great!!!!! I have to go now.
 My Mexico trip is coming to an end......;( 
 RT  Aries may seem arrogant, but thats just cause they know what they want
 Still smh at the black drunk lady trying 2 fuck these gay white man.. She would have came out better sleeping with her homegirl 
 Enjoy  not to think about going back to work while I'm here.
 RT  RT  If ya n detroit,sat. June 25th,join us  Boneys Niteclub-summer sexy party. Pole (cont) 
 The balcony of my hotel room has a shower and a jacuzzi  ..... loving my vacation already.
 Awww poor baby....get well! :) RT   I sprained my ankle =(
 And we're off.....
 Well u have a point lol RT   No excuse. Its my b-day. Plus, really who goes out when they're n Detroit Not u or me
 I'll be back wed night RT   - imma make dat happen :) ...when u comin back?
 Girl I never see you....that would be a waste. Lol....thank you :) RT   Bring me something back. Have a safe trip!
 Only if u coming to Detroit to get it lol *wink* RT   - safe travels babes!! Bring me back a souvenir ;)
 Only black people on this flight to Mexico....smh. Lol
 Wed night RT   how long will u be there
 Thanks babe....never that.  RT   don't drink the water..lol They love Coacoa Senioritas!
 But extremely sensitive!!! Smh RT  Cancer is the sweetest of lovers
 About to board my flight RT   What you doin
 Who you? Lol RT   nice
 Oh gawd...I'll wait 4 u. I'll b all ova the place lol. RT   miss ya too! Have a shot of Tequilla on me n Mexico!
 RT  A horny Aries will hunt you down
 I got you :) Okay RT   may need some assistance on styling for a shoot soon too!  Keep u posted!
 This isn't my first International flight silly. Miss u much! RT   U miss interna'l now, flyin all arnd the world
 Hi sweetie RT   Hello
 When you send for me :) RT   must be nice to be u!  When u coming back to Miami?
 GM sweetie :) RT   Hello GM
 On my way to Mexico...RT  Thanks  what u and twin got going on today, killing the ppl there as usual
 Thanks great Baby :) RT   its goin well, we got  Celeb B-day Bash 2night, so it will be crazy!
 Thanks Shelley Ann :) RT   have a safe trip Benson
 Same here......how's business going? RT   good, just a relaxed day, gone hit the beach and chill a bit
 Hey babe RT   hey boo!
 Heading to the airport..... 4hr flight 
 Great on this lovely morning and you?   Good Morning, How are u Babe?
 Thank yooou :) RT   and a good morning to you as well..
 Good Morning baby :) 
 Gooood Morning!!!!!
 What wrong? RT  Kinda hungry but not Tryna fcuk with this fcukin ankle
 I guess I'll pack for my trip when I wake.....
 Finally nap time!!!!!
 You aint gone do shiiish....I dare you? Lol RT   dang!!! Don't make me text you girl!!!
 Ha ha...lol. Yeaaa yo shit *side eye* RT   Yessssss!!!! Damn.. my shit tho!!! Lol...
 Ummm maam did you get your shit? Lol 
 RT  Is it just me or does Detroit has some of the sexiest promoters hands down!!!
 I just got a pair ;) RT  I smell a new pair of earring in the near future. 
 Hey girl RT   hey
 I leave sat and won't be back until wed evening....fri or sat would be cool 
 This wine got me feeling some kind of way.... Mmmm
 Awww that means I have to get the new one when it comes out.  tab 
 Heey night owls
 Get a life!!!! They know who I'm talking to. 
 Get a life!!!! They know who I'm talking to.
 Smh at  that's been stalking me on Twitter. I didn't even tell you I was going to Mexico nor did I post it on FB
 Sat morning......okay RT   when? Call me!!!
 Nap time before work......talk to yall later.
 RT  Women ♥ Me...
 Yes I am....:))))) RT   you bout to go to mexico?
 I use to have a crush on  
 Boy o boy.....after I get back from Mexico it's WORK WORK WORK. 
 Thanks sweetie. It's okay lol RT   IM GOOD JUST CHECKING ON YOU I MISSED YOUR TWEET THE OTHER DAY
 Naked on the balcony under the moon in Mexico....can't wait!! 
 I been great and you? Okay I will RT   how have you been lady???? 
 I won't be one if you don't be one lol...... 
 Great seeing you last night on the boat.....
 RT  RT        (cont) 
 Thanks Sexy....Following you back ;)RT   now followin
 RT  Aries may seem arrogant, but thats just cause they know what they want
 RT  Aries control the direction of the relationship
 Heeeeey boo, how you been? RT  I need something to do tonight!...
 You making me hungry lol.....i'll tell her. ;) 
 Long time....hope all is well. 
 Pretty much all of em. The dog is my Fav!!!! Mmmm RT   Which 1 you like I enjoy their Raisin pretzel wit sweet glaze
 Mmmmm.....my fav RT  Oh what I'm doing right now - Snackin on a perfect soft pretzel made by Auntie Anne's
 OMG......why did I let you drag me downtown.  
 Lmao....Shout out to all my Ex's that's going through BS with their currents.
 OMG....I just made the best salad!!!
 RT   is the natural born leader of the Zodiac
 Good night!!!!
 If course!!! ;) RT   gotta connect with ya sometime in the near future
 Hi....where's your photo sweetie? RT   hi denita :9 how are you??
 Heeey RT   wuddup wuddup wuddup?
 Those Tweets was for 
 If the person your dealing with doesn't support your Love, career, and passion. They need to bounce. Love doesn't pay the bills!!!!
 I'm my worst Critic! I believe presentation is everything!!!
  let's shoot later. ;) 
 RT  RT  Leaving Bayz  rock it out !!! Up next Pleasure of Passion June 25th   Gyrlz Ent
 RT          
 RT  The ladies leave our class with 5 more pole tricks......including some spins and getting over the fear of using a spinn ...
 RT  A Special Shout Out to the Exotic Dancers that's taking our private classes. They're stepping they game up!!!!!   ...
 RT  Check this video out -- DJ LISH present THE BENSON TWINS  BAYZ  via 
 Anyway.....thank god the weekend is almost here. Next weekend I'll be laying on the beach in Mexico. 
 I'm the one that should have the attitude for two reasons.....I had to ask for my shit back and two you have the nerves to have one.
 People kill me when they owe you money and have for a long time....when u approach them about it they wanna get an attitude.
 It's sad negative attention is the greatest attention ever to some. Smh....
 Lovely and you? RT   hiii stranger... how are you ???
 Good Morning Peoples :)
 I'm right here lol.....no I have not forgot about you. RT  Oh where, oh where can  be? She has forgotten me....... :(
 Lmao.....silly RT  Everytime my grandma fart she say: "umm gas"
 Anytime before 6pm RT   what time is the pole session today
 No....i turned the flash and silents my tab when I took it. Lol RT   lol did he hear u taking the pic ?
 HAPPY MEMORIAL DAY EVERYONE!!!!!! XoXoX <3
 RT  yall are straight up sexi women  
 Lol RT  RT  Only n   <lol if they pulled me over I'd run, they can't catch nobody
 I know tight.....lol RT   wooooooooooooooow lol
 Lmao....same shit I said. You should gave seen me trying to take that. RT   lmao Wat is that a braid tupay
 Lmao...then act like they don't speak english. I then hit they ass with "Volver más tarde" (Come back later) 
 Smh....some shit you should just   
 Thanks ;) How u been? RT  Checking in to see that all is well. 
 A special Good Afternoon to my new followers!!!! Muaaah ;)
 Good early afternoon everyone ;)
 Yay ;) RT   im there next week!
 Hey sweetie RT  Hello there Ms. 
 RT  RT  RT        (cont) ...
 RT  RT           
 RT           
 I got you whenever you ready lol....promise I will not kill you. 
 RT   Hey girl!!!! I'm coming to get some of that sexersize!!!!!!  I'm ready don't kill me though I'm not sweet ...
 Good evening......it's still raining :-(
 Thanks sexy.....following back *wink* RT  ~ now followinq  <<< Niiiiiiice.
 Okay....I will. Miss you :) RT   BFF Check Out My Photography Website www.EyeROptical.net
 I favorited a  video  Martin Is So Almondy As Almond Brown (Best Quality)
 Aye RT   Aye?
 RT  If I don't learn how to work the pole like  &  I'ma blow up somebody house ! They're such a ...
 Thank you honey ;) RT   Good Day My Love!  Hope u have a great day!
 Okay :) RT   Hi ok got u
 TheBensonTwins 
 RT   Lady you have set me off with that avi pic, love it...blood pressure rising!
 That's cool. Need some hot pole dancers with MAD skills Look us The  up for your next event :) 
 Don't work 2 hard RT   I am super great. working on parties n shows everywere an doin lots of promo 4 artist&models
 Thank you sweetie.  I'm doing lovely and you? RT   hi nice picture how u doing-do your thang
 Thank you baby ;) RT   dam! avi off the chain mama! ;)
