 New!  the OLIVE Flower Necklace: olive green faceted glass petals & creamy pearl center :) 
 Just listed!  PACIFIC Flower Cocktail Ring: giant wire wrapped flower ring :) Save 20% w/code "MTV2011" 
  Yes!! I love custom orders!! Go ahead and send me an Etsy convo or email here: chewlry at gmail dot com :)
 Just listed!  HONEYSUCKLE necklace: wire wrapped flower in amber, tiger's eye, + mustard yellow :) 
 New giant cocktail ring! The BRITTANY flower: light blue glass, mocha jade + white pearls :)  
 ATTENTION  Jewelry, + Sale lovers! Get 20% OFF Your entire order at Chewlry w/ coupon code "MTV2011" :) 
  It's a previous item of ours, but we can make it again if you like! Some of the smaller flowers may be a little different.
  Thank you so much for RTing!! :)
 NEW on  the ELECTRIC necklace: wire-wrapped flower pendant in neon green + sapphire blue! :) 
 Just listed!  LILAC necklace: wire wrapped quartz flower in purple w/pearl center :) 
 New on  Tiger's Eye Flower Cocktail Ring! A giant wire-wrapped flower ring -  - featured at the MTV movie awards!
 Just listed!  The MANDARIN Necklace: Small wire wrapped stone flower in yellow and orange! 
 Punked Out Guns & Roses Cocktail Ring - Green & Black      via 
 Awesome Fancy Skeleton Goddess Cocktail Ring- Featured in MTV Movie Awards Gift bag to celebrities!!!   via 
 White & Antique Silver Kitch Skeleton Ring. Hot!     via 
 Purple Skull Cocktail Ring w/ Bow!     via 
 24K Gold & Silver Filigree Cabochon Cocktail Ring by chewlry  via    
 Red & Black Rockabillly Rose Ring!! by chewlry  via    
 Bright Pink w/ Bow Skull Cocktail Ring itshalloweentime  via    
 MEMORIAL DAY SALE White Skull w/ Purple Flower Cocktail Ring by itshalloweentime  via    
 MEMORIAL DAY SALE Skull & Bow Ring by itshalloweentime  via     
 MEMORIAL DAY SALE Femme Fatale Cocktail Ring by itshalloweentime  via     
 Does anyone know that one site where you can submit your  shop sale to get listed on their site??
    thanks so much for RTing my sale!! :)
 Memorial Day SALE! Everything in the  shop is 25% OFF -  TODAY only!! :) 
 Check out my shelves on Goodreads: 
       Thanks for the mentions!!
 Athens Cocktail Ring  Grecian Goddess Portrait Cameo by chewlry  via    
 Cute Little Boy Cameo Cabochon Cocktail Ring by chewlry  via    
 Red Rose Bud Cameo Cabochon on Vintage Silver Ring Setting by chewlry  via    
 Black Tie Cocktail Ring Black & White Flower Cameo on Black Filigree Ring by chewlry  via    
 Unicorn Cameo Cocktail Ring in Black & Ivory by chewlry  via    
 Holly Hobby Ring - Cute Little Girl Cameo Cabochon by chewlry  via    
 Tenacity Cocktail Ring Black & Red Skull Cameo by itshalloweentime  via     
 Tranquility Dangle Earrings Tiny Metal Bow & Mookaite by chewlry  via    
 Tinker Earrings Bright Olive Green & Black Beads Dangle by chewlry  via    
 Chunky Dangle Pearl Earrings in Silver & White by chewlry  via    
 Button Stud Set Tan White Red Cabochon Earrings by chewlry  via    
 Flower Stud Earrings Tiny White Resin Rose Cabochon by chewlry  via    
 Sunny Stud Earrings in Bright Orange by chewlry  via    
 Starfish Stud Earrings by chewlry  via    
 Horizon Stud Earrings Bronze Metal Base w/ Palm Trees by chewlry  via    
 Dazed Stud Earrings Bronze Metal Base w/ Orange & Blue by chewlry  via    
 Green & Purple Skull Flower Ring by itshalloweentime  via    
 Contrast Cocktail Ring Black & White Rose Cameo  by chewlry  via 
 Huge Floral Filigree and Pearl Earrings on  by chewlry  via 
 Chunkyl Anchor Cocktail Ring- Nautical  by chewlry  via 
 Lady Jane Cocktail Ring Navy Blue Vintage Lady Cameo  by chewlry  via 
 Feminine Twist Cocktail Ring - Pink Lady Skeleton on Fancy Filigree Ring  by itshalloweentime  via 
 Ashes Cocktail Ring Lady Skeleton Cameo Cabochon on Ornate Antique Silver Ring   via 
 Fluent Cocktail Ring Black White and Gold Flower Cameo  by chewlry  via 
 Holly Hobby Ring No 1 Little Folks Cameo Cabochon Cocktail Ring  by chewlry  via 
 Femme Fatale Skull Cocktail Ring Large Sage Green Stone  by chewlry  via 
 Lady Jane Cocktail Ring Navy Blue Vintage VICTORIAN Lady Cameo  by chewlry  via 
 Little Miss Skeleton Bow Cocktail Ring Skull Cameo  by chewlry  via 
 Vintage Flower Cameo Cocktail Ring featured in MTV MOVIE AWARDS celebrity gift bags!  by chewlry  via 
 Amiss Necklace Stone Skulls Faceted Glass in Earthy Jewel Tones  by itshalloweentime  via 
 Black and White Skulls Bracelet Carved Stone and Crystals  by itshalloweentime  via 
 Midnight Glamour Cuff Bracelet Stone Skulls by itshalloweentime   via 
 Rainbow Skulls Bracelet Carved Stone Skulls by itshalloweentime  via 
 Skull Ribbon Bow Bracelet Chunky Stone Skulls and Pearls in Hot Pink & Grey by itshalloweentime   via 
 Delightful Cuff Bracelet - Brown, Tan & Ivory Wide Memory Wire Wrap Bracelet new on  by chewlry  via 
 Wondering where I've been? follow  I started a book review blog :) My latest reviews: 
 I'm donating items to this SILENT AUCTION for friends coping w/ infertility. Wanna donate or buy something pretty?! :) 
 Pink Stone Skull with Grey Resin Flower Cocktail Ring "La Femme Fatale" by itshalloweentime  via 
 Wholesale Discount Value Pack Femme Fatale Skull Flower Cocktail Rings- Choose Your Own by itshalloweentime  via 
 Just listed!  the RAVEN Cluster Earrings: steel gray pearls topped w/tons of mini hematite stones :) 
 Also, just created my 1st lens on Squidoo: Bright, Whimsical, & Handmade Fashion Jewelry! Floral prints & more :) 
 Only 7 hours left to vote for CHEWLRY on Heartsy! Help us get a featured deal & you can get 50% off our  shop!! :) 
  thanks for the  :)
 Want to get over 50% off the CHEWLRY  store? Vote for our deal on Heartsy!! We need you! :) 
 Thank you all so much for the mentions!! :)       
 Shelly Chunky Dangle Earrings Carnelian Orange and Matte Ivory Pearls by chewlry   via 
 Donna Earrings Chunky Blue Stones and Dark Silver by chewlry   via 
 Weeping Willow Ring Creepy Tree Filigree Cocktail Ring by chewlry   via 
 Stormy Seas Cuff Bright Blue Wide Nautical Inspired MEMORY WIRE Bracelet  by chewlry  via 
 Hi Seas Cocktail Ring Navy Blue Nautical Anchor by chewlry   via 
 Princess Choker Pink Pearls Ivory Stone Skull by itshalloweentime   via 
 Big Chunky Olive Green and Brown Fancy Earrings by chewlry   via 
 Renew Ring Big Chunky Funky Green Cocktail Ring by chewlry   via 
 Bronze Peace Earrings Huge Chunky Texturized Metal by chewlry   via 
 Wide Stone Skull CUFF BRACELET in Blue, Black, and Brown!  by itshalloweentime  via 
 Candice Bracelet Stone Skulls in Hot Pink and Black Pearls  by itshalloweentime  via 
 Overboard Necklace A Unique Wire Wrapped SKULL FLOWER pendant  by itshalloweentime  via 
 Margaret Bracelet Pastels in Every Color and Metal Flower  by chewlry  via 
 Deep Waters Bib Necklace Layered Statement in AQUA BLUE  by chewlry  via 
 Sparkle and Shine Choker Layered Statement Necklace in BLACK AND WHITE  by chewlry  via 
 Black & White ZEBRA STRIPED 2" Wide Cuff  by chewlry  via 
 Chunky Lariat Necklace in Hot Pink, Black and White!!  by chewlry  via 
 Jumbo PURPLE resin rose filigree ring!  by chewlry  via 
 Vanquish Ring Unique Black Braided Cocktail Ring by chewlry   via 
 Purple, Red, & Brown Button Stud Set $11.50!  by chewlry  via 
 Roxbury Necklace Long Chunky Red Necklace of Strung Stones & Glass  by chewlry  via 
 Breezy Ring Simple Little Pink and White Square by chewlry   via 
 Fresh Ring Simple Little Lavender Purple Cocktail Ring by chewlry   via 
 Marlene Necklace Fancy Chunky Beads and Huge Resin Rose by chewlry   via 
 HUGE Resin Rose Flower Filigree Ring!!  by chewlry  via 
 Rustic Ring Huge Polished Agate Stone in Dark Brown and Black   by chewlry  via 
 Frills Necklace Giant Mesh Metal Bow Long Beaded by chewlry   via 
 Dragonfly Cocktail Ring  by chewlry  via 
 Melinda Earrings Antique Bronze Fleur De Lis with White Flowers  by chewlry  via 
 Green and Brown Sparkly 2 Inch Wide Cuff! Crystals and Pearls!  by chewlry  via 
 Thriving Ring Simple Black Cocktail Ring $6.50  by chewlry  via 
 Big Chunky Purple Stone Cocktail Ring $8.50! by chewlry   via 
 Dreamer Necklace Wire Wrapped Flower Pendant in Purple, Green, Teal & Black by chewlry   via 
 HUGE Chunky Resin Rose Ring in Latte by chewlry   via 
 Gwen Ring Filigree Flower in Bronze with a Light Green by chewlry   via 
 Tiny Red Rose Lariat Necklace!!  by chewlry  via 
 Ocean Tide Ring Huge Chunky Stone Cabochon in Swirls BLUE AND GREY  of by chewlry  via 
 Sentimental Necklace Sweet Simple Pink Rose Cameo by chewlry   via 
 Button Stud Earring Set-Grey, Pink & Teal Small Round Resin Cabochon by chewlry   via 
 Forever Rose Ring in Grey-A Fantastic Oversized Chunky Cocktail Ring  by chewlry  via 
 Deep Waters Cuff Bracelet-BLUE AND GREY 2 Inch Wide Wrap Around by chewlry   via 
 Dante Ring - Huge Chunky Stone in Creamy Tan and Ivory by chewlry    via 
 Chunky Tropical Skull Stretch Bracelet by itshalloweentime   via 
 Huge Purple Wire Wrapped Cluster Ring by chewlry   via 
 Lanette Lace Ring Blue Rose Cameo Cabochon on Ivory by chewlry   via 
 Lady Skeleton Lace Ring in Green and White by itshalloweentime   via 
 Creepy Kitty RingBlack and White Retro Cat  by itshalloweentime  via 
 Flower Stud Set - Red and Latte Small Resin Flower Post Earrings on  by chewlry  via 
 Red Cosmic Skull Earrings on   via 
 Black & White Lady Skeleton Cameo CHOKER Necklace by itshalloweentime   via 
 Black and White Lady Skeleton Cameo Ring by itshalloweentime on  via 
 Rainbow Beaded Skull Necklace! Cosmic Long Beaded Necklace by itshalloweentime on   via 
 Lilith Choker - Sweet Skull Ribbon Necklace by itshalloweentime   via 
 Want a special coupon for CHEWLRY JEWELRY in honor of Mother's Day?  Check out our FB page for details!!  
 Pristine Rose Stretch Ruffle Ribbon Bracelet  by chewlry  via 
 Cool Retro Kitty Cat Ring in Black&White!  by chewlry  via 
 Aw, man! No "Parenthood" tonight... :(
 Jane Cocktail Ring Large Ivory on Navy Blue Vintage by chewlry  via 
 Cleopatra Bib Necklace Layered Statement of Fancy Jewel Tones!  by chewlry  via 
 Red Pearls & Rose Necklace!! on  by chewlry  via 
 Flower Stud Earring Set Roses and Cream on  by chewlry  via 
 Sixers v. Heat... awesome game!!!
  :)
 Happy Easter, everyone!! :)
 Sweet Goth Skull Ring  Ruthless Cocktail Ring  Black and Ivory Skull by itshalloweentime  via 
  Wow!! Thanks so much!! :)
 Has anyone seen that movie "Super" w/ Rainn Wilson from 2010? It's listed as Not Rated... ?
  Me too... can you believe it???
 This shop is selling free business card designs taken from VistaPrint.com!! 
 New! the FEMME Fatale Lariat Necklace  Sweet skull pendant topped w/hot pink resin rose on gunmetal :) 
         My fav  / creative / Twitter friends! :)
 So Cute! Purple Skully w/ flower Ring!  La Femme Fatale Skull Cocktail Ring by itshalloweentime  via 
 Just Listed~ Gothabilly Skeleton Lady Lolita Short Pendant Necklace! Layla Necklace by itshalloweentime  via 
 New on  the RENEGADE Necklace - giant wire-wrapped flower pendant in this double-layered piece :) 
 Just listed! the DARK CHOCOLATE ribbonette bracelet: Giant brown PEARLS & silky ribbon :) 
 New! the EMERALD Ribbonette Bracelet  Double-sided satin ribbon & white pearls :) 
 Want to get a special coupon to my  shop? Sign up for our mailing list! Emails go out 3-5 times monthly :) 
   Thanks to your two for the RTs!!! ;)
 Rainbow Stone Skull Wide Wrap Bracelet! New on  Cosmic Cuff Bracelet by itshalloweentime  via 
 New!  the POP Charm Bracelet... the name says it all! :) Still 25% OFF w/coupon code "SpringBling" ! 
 Just listed! the LYDIA necklace  Filigree butterfly pendant paired w/shimmery crystals & pearls :) 
 New!  The META Jumble Charm Bracelet: cool tangle of Czech glass cubes, crystals & chunky chain ;) 
  hahaha totally good timing, I just saw that one from you as well! :) and it's no problem at all... you're too sweet!!
 25% OFF sale ends tomorrow in the  shop! Use code "SpringBling" to save big on over 150 jewelry items ;) 
  Just sent you an email! :)
 WOW! the Ocean Tides SPRINKLES Charm Bracelet is just $12.75 w/coupon code "SpringBling" :) 
  That's a great idea!! I'll have to try that out sometime ;)
 New!  TESSA Necklace: 99.9% pure Hilltribe Silver & Grade A freshwater pearls :) 
 25% OFF entire Handmade Jewelry Site! Coupon Code "SpringBling" on  Handmade Jewelry with Bite by CHEWLRY  via 
 Long Chunky Necklace in Jeweled Tones!! ON SALE 25% OFF on  Washed Up Necklace A Long Beaded by chewlry  via 
 Just listed!  FUN FINDS bracelet: a steampunk charm collection of gadgets + industrial components :) 
 New!  MARINA Bobby Pin Set: wire-wrapped crystal + stone bobbies :) Get 'em 25% w/code "SpringBling" 
 Just listed!  FLYING EAGLE necklace: colorful brights surround amazing military-issue pendant :) 
 Dark Grey Goth Flower Ring! So Punk on  Ravishing Little Roses Ring by Crysta Liu  Small Dark by chewlry  via 
 2" Wide Wire Wrap Cuff Bracelet in Browns & Golds!  Maribel Cuff Bracelet by chewlry  via 
 RED on BLACK Rose Cameo Ring!  Sweet~! Innocence Cocktail Ring by Crysta Liu  Black and Red by chewlry  via 
 Hot Black on Black Rose Ring. Goth Chic! :)  Ravishing Little Roses Ring by chewlry  via 
 Red Rose and Pearls Necklace!  Relic Necklace by Crysta Liu  A Classic Pearl Necklace by chewlry  via 
 Black and White Rose Cameo Ring on  Contrast Cocktail Ring Large  by chewlry  via 
 New!  Tie It With a BOW Locket Necklace :) Pretty bow tops a heart-shaped locket :) Get it 25% off w/code too... 
  Aww that is so sweet!! Thank you so much!!! ;)
 SALE SALE SALE!! Everything in the  shop is 25% off w/code "SpringBling"! Save now till Wed. 4/20 :) 
 NEW! the ELIZABETHAN Statement Necklace on  triple-stranded masterpiece in oxidized silver :) 
 The DESERT BELLE Choker necklace (new on  Wire-wrapped mookite flower + double strands of pearls & stone :) 
  welcome ;)
  haha Thanks so much Bethany!! Send me an Etsy Convo/email about the dragonfly piece... I love custom orders! (chewlry[
 New -  the BRIONY Butterfly Necklace: cluster of pearls, sweet butterfly pendant, & triple chains! :) 
 New!  the TAFFY earrings: I almost kept these for myself... peach flowers + creamy pearls :) 
 Just listed!  the Rose Marie Stud Earrings: pretty antiqued gold filigree circles for a classic look :) $8.00 - 
 Just listed:  the TEEN SPIRIT Sprinkles Charm Bracelet - tons + tons of black, gray & red pearls! :) 
 New on  The DAYDREAMS Flower Cocktail Ring: wire-wrapped stone petals around a cluster of freshwater pearls :) 
 Just listed!  The MARGUERITE Charm Necklace: layered bronze pendants on long chain give a vintage feel :) 
 New Black & Green Skull Flower Ring in Stone! :)    via 
 Pink Skull Cocktail Ring w/ cute flower!!   via 
 New in the  shop! The Peony Ribbonette Bracelet: mauve pearls on peach satin ribbon w/ pretty resin rose :) 
 Just listed! The LEAFMEAL Necklace  5 layered metal feathers + leaves in a bib-style masterpiece! :) 
 New on  REBECCA Necklace w/ strands of pearls, crystals, satin raspberry ribbon + a bejeweled brooch :) 
  I love Heartsy too! Isn't it amazing?? ;)
 New in my  shop! The OYSTER Necklace: wire-wrapped gray pearls form a sweet pendant on vintage chain :) 
    Thanks for the mentions and RTs! :)
 Black Pearl & Crystal Wire Wrapped Cluster Cocktail Ring!    via 
 Who likes PINK?!  the Mandy Ribbonette Bracelet: giant pink pearls on hot pink satin ribbon... 
 Lavish Lolita Lacey Stretch Cocktail Ring by itshalloweentime   via 
 Just listed!  The LAYLA Ribbonette Bracelet: black satin ribbon w/ cobalt blue freshwater pearls :) 
 Hot Goth Punk Black Rose COCKTAIL RING!   via 
 Just listed:  the CLAIRE bracelet: Flat, chunky chain woven together w/ turquoise satin ribbon + dainty charms :) 
 Cute Necklace! Gunmetal Bird w/ Black Green and Yellow Chunky Beads. :)   via 
 New!  the GARDEN PARTY Necklace: Colorful lampwork glass + pearls frame big antiqued bronze locket :) 
  Thanks for those RTs! :)
 Huge Stamped Metal Butterfly COCKTAIL RING by chewlry.    via 
 Ravishing Little Roses Ring by Crysta Liu  Small Latte by chewlry   via 
 Punked out Purple Skulls w/ bows Earrings.   via 
 Tiny Scary Earrings in Pink & Bronze!   via 
 Fuchsia and Gunmetal Hot Goth Earrings!   via 
 Cute Creepy Tiny Earrings in Turquoise!   via 
 Dressed up Skull Earrings in Red!   via 
 Apple Green Skulls w/ Bronze Bow Ties! Whimsical Creepy Earrings.   via 
 Cute & Creepy Earrings by itshalloweentime  via 
 Pumpkin on Gunmetal Skulls & Bows!  Earrings by itshalloweentime  via 
 Blue Skulls Earrings w/ Silver Bows!  Creepy Earrings by Crysta Liu   via 
 Forrest Green on Dark Antiqued Silver!  Creepy Earrings by itshalloweentime  via 
 Purple Skull Earrings with Gunmetal Silver Bow Ties!  by Crysta Liu   via 
 Orange Skulls and Bronze Bows!!  Creepy Buddies Earrings by itshalloweentime  via 
 Apple Green Skulls and Gunmetal Bow Ties!  Creepy Buddies Earrings by itshalloweentime  via 
  Femme Fatale- Simple Stone Skull Necklace by itshalloweentime  via 
 Huge Wire Wrapped Cluster Cocktail Ring w/ BLACK STONE SKULL!!  by itshalloweentime  via 
 Wire Wrapped Stone Skull Flower Ring!!  Creepy Buddies Flower Ring by itshalloweentime  via 
 Hot Black & White Skull Flower Ring!  La Femme Fatale Skull Cocktail Ring by itshalloweentime  via 
 Teal Resin Rose on Antique Gold Filigree Ring!!  Ravishing Little Roses Ring by chewlry  via 
 Red on Black Resin Flower Filigree Ring!!  Ravishing Little Roses Ring by chewlry  via 
 Dear Windshield Wipers, Can't touch this. Sincerely, The Little Triangle.
 Just listed!  GRANDMA's PEARL EARRINGS: Classic vintage style stud/dangles in antiqued gold + cream pearls :) 
  Thanks so much for RTing! :)
 Hot Pink Stones and Bronze Rose Charms! New on  Summer Garden Earrings by chewlry  via 
 Crystal and Pearl Chandelier Earrings!  Delirium Earrings  Antique Copper by chewlry  via 
 New on  The OCEAN TIDES Sprinkles Charm Bracelet: Dazzling pearls in ocean blues + sandy yellows :) 
 SLINKY BRACELET? Crystals & Pearls, Purple, blue & green!  Rival Spirits Cuff Bracelet by chewlry 
 Great Purple Stone Skull Ring w/ White Flower!  La Femme Fatale Skull Cocktail Ring by itshalloweentime 
 Briliant Purple Stone and Bronze Swirl Charms! New on  Unabashed Earrings by chewlry 
 Stone Skulls and Huge Bronze Bows!  Larabell Earrings by itshalloweentime 
 White and Silver Sparkley Wrap Bracelet!  Long Engagement Cuff by chewlry 
 Love DARK AND FABULOUS?  Midnight Charm Earrings by Crysta Liu  Draping Black by chewlry 
 Just listed!  the SPRINKLES Charm Bracelet: Oodles + oodles of colorful pearls to brighten any day! :) 
  Thanks so much! :)
 New RAVISHING LITTLE ROSES- Resin Roses on Filigree Rings. Only $10.95 on   
 Just listed!  MEDUSA Statement Ribbonette Choker: 2 strands of giant pearls in teal blue + double ribbons :) 
  Thanks so much! Me too ;)
 Working from home today. I've got a terrible migraine! :(
 Okay... I've been outta the loop for awhile. What is the Etsy Circle limit & why is it makin' me feel like a chump?!
  That's really sweet :) Congrats!
  ooh yummy! :)
 RT  The Kirsty Bell Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     ...
 Brand New! Chain, Pearls, Rhinestones in Black & White.  Cinders and Ashes Cuff Bracelet by Crysta Liu by chewlry 
 Pst! Have you seen the $5.00 CLEARANCE section in our  shop?! No joke... everything's 5 bucks here :) 
 Just listed! the STORMY SEAS Ribbonette Necklace  Azure blue agate + jade beads woven into steel gray ribbon :) 
 New!  The SCARLET Ribbonette Bracelet: white pearls + red satin ribbon make this classic piece! :) 
 New on  the CURRANT cocktail ring w/ wire wrapped cranberry + mauve pearls on aged bronze filigree :) 
 Just listed!  the PEONY dangle earrings in pale gold filigree w/resin flowers & dyed jade in pretty peach :) 
  Thanks so much! My sis (Crysta Liu) LOVES these skullies & has made tons of cute stuff with them. ;)
 I love this skully! Just listed:  LA FEMME FATALE Skull Cocktail Ring in white w/a sweet metal bow :) 
 Just Listed!  Fancy Layered Femme Fatale Statement Necklace by itshalloweentime 
  K, that totally reminds me that I need more business cards, lol!! :)
  Oh awesome!! That WOULD be perfect ;)
  ... mount them on ring bases that are larger upon request! :)
  Totally! On this link:  - the green + white w/red flower are the bigger ones. We can also...
  Oh they totally would! We can make them with either small or large skullies :)
 People are going crazy for these cute SKULL rings w/ resin flowers! What do you think of the Femme Fatales?? 
 Just listed!  The DAYDREAMS Necklace: Shades of aqua, copper & teal frame a butterfly pendant + grosgrain bow! 
 WE'RE BAAAAAACK!!! :) 1st new  listing: The Mermaid Sparkles CUFF Bracelet in crystals & pearls: 
  Yes!! Yes for being a reader and YES for putting Brightly Woven on your to-read list. I loved it so much! :)
 Are there any other big YA / Teen Lit readers out there?? I just discovered a new favorite... :) 
 One of my handmade flowers made it in this beautiful TEAL treasury!  :) 
 If you're a fan of Hist. Fiction, Romance + Fantasy, PLEASE read this book! "A+" to "Poison Study:"   
 Just posted on my new Book Review Blog! BRIGHT MOMENTS - A Review of "The Dark Divine" by Bree Despain: 
  thanks so much!! :)
 Just listed!  the MARABELLE Ribbonette bracelet in satin orange ribbon + cranberry pearls :) 
 Just listed!  the TIFFANY Ribbonettes Necklace: tiffany blue grosgrain ribbon + steel gray pearls :) 
  I know... I've taken about 5 min each day to feel guilty for the laziness, but mostly I'm just self-indulging & it's wonderful :)
  hahaha seriously! that must be the reason! plus, we're totally rare and uber hot too ;)
 I just started a book blog!! I'm so excited!! Follow me  to check out my reviews ;)
 Just listed!  the TUXEDO Ribbonettes Bracelet - A reversible black/white pearls & ribbon bracelet! 
 Just listed!  the DARE Ribbonette Necklace: candy apple red pearls w/black satin ribbon :) 
 Just listed! the PRISCILLA ribbonette bracelet: fancy ribbon/pearl look in purple purple purple :) 
 Started reading "Little Bee" by Chris Cleave over the weekend and I literally couldn't put it down. This might be my new favorite.
  Seriously! Including its own employees, huh?
  That sounds great up there, I'm sure it's good to be away from the awfulness! :)
  Is that where you live now?? Sounds awesome, but I'm pretty set on warmer weather. Would telecommuting be possible?
 I'm on the job hunt for employment in sunny Southern California, particularly the Orange County area. Anyone have suggestions for me??
 So.. I'm a college graduate. I'm also unemployed. Isn't there something wrong with this picture??
 Marked as to-read: The Daykeeper's Grimoire by Christy Raedeke 
 Marked as to-read: Failing Test by J.M. Pierce 
 4 of 5 stars to Brightly Woven by Alexandra Bracken 
 Marked as to-read: Salvaged by Stefne Miller 
 Marked as to-read: Sing Me to Sleep by Angela Morrison 
 Marked as to-read: Nightshade by Michelle Rowen 
 NEW & on   HIMALAYAN WANDERER: chunky stone beads, colorful skulls & giant rose pendant :) 
 "Waiting for Godot" by Beckett is by far the weirdest thing I have ever read.
 RT  The ShortHairedGirl Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today by    
 Sale! the ELIZABETH earrings  plum purple filigree rounds & wire-wrapped briolettes :) Save 20%! 
 Sale Sale Sale! 20% OFF the darling Becca Flower Ring on  now only $10!! :) 
  sale! the CHESHIRE sprinkles ring in colorful PEARLS is now only $11.00!! :) 
  oh wow thank you so much!! :)
 CHRISTMAS HOLIDAY SALE!!  20% off everything all jewelry in my shop!! Discounts already applied! 
 Final papers. Final exams. Robinson Crusoe, Nathaniel Hawthorne, Geology, Joy Harjo, Sherman Alexie, The Castle of Otranto. Oh my!
      thanks for the FFs last Friday!! :)
 Has anyone else read the Jaz Parks series by Jennifer Rardin? I'm on the 2nd book now & I think I'm hooked!!
 Marked as to-read: The Healer's Apprentice by Melanie Dickerson 
 Marked as to-read: Vixen by Jillian Larkin 
 Cyber Monday sale! ALL jewelry in my  shop THE TREND is 35% off w/coupon: holidaymania2010 - 
  thanks so much!! :)
 Save 35% off EVERYTHING in my  shop, Ribbons & Petticoats!! Coupon Code: holidaymania2010 
 Just finished Hush, Hush & Crescendo by Becca Fitzpatrick. WOW. Loved, loved loved them!!! Best YA Fiction I've read in awhile!!
 4 of 5 stars to The Blithedale Romance by Nathaniel Hawthorne 
 4 of 5 stars to The Silver Kiss by Annette Curtis Klause 
 The Immortals series by Alyson Noel is so disappointing. Oh well... I gave it a chance, right??
 5 of 5 stars to Crescendo by Becca Fitzpatrick 
   thanks so much for retweeting my sale! :)
 HOLIDAY  in my  shops! 35% OFF your total purchase! Use code holidaymania2010 :) 
  hahaha!!! that's crazy about the coupon codes!! I just decided to have a black friday / cyber monday sale, so good timing ;)
  I know, I've been seriously Etsy, Facebook and Twitter truant over the last few weeks! Anything exciting happen while I was gone?
  no, I've never heard of 'em, but I'll definitely check it out, thanks!!  :)
  yup!! So so good! Now moving on to Hush, Hush and Crescendo which are also amazing. :)
 4 of 5 stars to Blood Promise by Richelle Mead 
 4 of 5 stars to Shadow Kiss by Richelle Mead 
 4 of 5 stars to Vampire Academy by Richelle Mead 
 I've been going a bit book crazy lately... read the entire Mortal instruments and Vampire Academy series. 8 books in all!!
  wow. I am so incredibly honored!! thank you so much!!  :)
 Marked as to-read: Afterlife by Claudia Gray 
 Finished reading the 3 books in Cassandra Clare's "Mortal Instruments" series yesterday. To be honest, didn't do anything else all weekend!!
 New! GRANDMA'S PEARL EARRINGS  gorgeous wire-wrapped pearl & crystal studs w/a timeless look :) 
  oh ok, well I guess I'll find out cause I'm def. going to read the next ones!! Thanks: )
  yup, it is! Just finished the first one... have you read them?
  just finished  having problems w/ Jace & Clary being siblings. does it get better? am I the only one weirded out?
 Just finished "City of Bones" of the Mortal Instruments series. Am I the only one freaked out by a brother / sister love story? Help!
  good tip, thanks!! :)
  I know, I just finished it, going out first thing tomorrow to get the next one!!
 Started the 1st book in the Mortal Instruments series today, "City of Bones". 6 hours later I'm 373 pages in & can't stop!!
 New in my  BEAD shop: Large Skull Beads - 6pcs - Colorful Dyed Howlite Turquoise Stone - 
       thanks for the  :)
 EVERYTHING discounted! 10% OFF plus Free Shipping in the US! :) Shop creepy HALLOWEEN jewelry on  
 On sale!  the OPPORTUNIST creepy buddies SKULL flower ring in amber brown & lime green :) 
 On sale for the Halloween season  SWEET + SCARY Skull earrings in bone white + purple, only $11!! 
 Check out this amazing 2" memory wire bracelet my sister made: the BLACK CURRANT cuff on  
 Just listed! RASPBERRY BARK earrings  chunky dangles in burgundy, tiger's eye & raspberry pink :) 
   thanks so much for retweeting! :)
 Just listed! BRYNN necklace  fancy copper butterfly pendant paired w/burnt orange & yellow stones :) 
  thanks!! :)
 Here's my little cutie Scout, cuddling in the blankly on this cold cold day!! :) 
 NBA season opener for the Jazz!! Super excited, but man how I hate the Nuggets.
 I'm feeling super inspired right now to make some new jewelry. Not good to get this rare of a feeling when I have a science test to take :(
 I want this jacket AND the dog that's wearing it!!!  the Westerly Trench by Rover Dog: 
  thanks for the RT!! :)
 SALE in my  shop! SCARY SKULLY earrings: colorful dangles complete w/creepy little skulls :) 
 Check out our new line of flower rings on  the CREEPY BUDDIES! Wire wrapped w/ cute SKULL centers :) 
 Watching Teen Witch on TV right now!! One of those classic 80's cheesers... gotta love it!! :)
 Just listed! the CASSIDY necklace  a funky, chunky layered pendant, so bohemian chic! :) 
  thanks SO much!! :)
  Wow, thank you so so much!! :)
  thank you for the RT! :)
 Just listed! the NALA Flower Necklace  a funky, chunky, but edgy bohemian chic piece :) 
 Just made these soft, delicious SUGAR COOKIES! So so yummy!! :) 
 Everything is ON SALE in my new HALLOWEEN  shop!! 10% OFF + Free Shipping :) 
   thanks so much for RTing!! :)
 Just listed! SCARY SKULLY earrings  bright dangles w/cute black skulls; sweet & spooky :) 
  thanks so much!!
 Just listed! DIAMOND in the ROUGH cluster ring  unique wire-wrapped cocktail ring w/skull center :) 
  thanks for the rt!!!
 Just listed!  Sweet & Scary SKULL earrings!! Tons of cute colors to choose from :) 
  thanks so much!!! :)
 Just listed!  the HEREAFTER necklace: chunky black chain adorned w/dead lady cameo & pearls :) 
 BWA HA HA!! 25+ items now uploaded to our new  shop: tons of colorful skulls & other creepers :) 
  thanks so much!!! :)
 
  Thanks so much! We have tons of skull stuff in our new halloween shop :)
 Yay! Sold & relisted: the Rowanda Creepy Buddies SKULL flower ring on  :) what do you think? 
 Last chance for some awesome HALLOWEEN jewelry in our new  shop!! :) 
  oh ya, I think we did see that, but it's definitely been awhile!
  ooh, ok, i'll check those out!! thanks!! :)
  ooh, never seen hide and seek and secret window ia definitely a good one!!
  oh ya, I forgot about that one!!
  ooh, I love that one! First one I thought of too, we watched it last night :)
 
  Mmm, probably new-ish I guess!
 I need help finding some scary movies to watch!! Something suspenseful, not cheesy, little or no gore please...
  hahaha, ok good :)
  aww... Thanks so much!!!
  Ok, so I thought it was September... pardon my brain fart! lol
  woo hoo! congrats!! not bad for only a few weeks on Etsy ;)
  I totally agree :)
 Just listed! the BECCA ring  teeny tiny wire-wrapped flower ring in bright red! :) 
  aww thanks so much!! I'm obsessed with pearls :)
 Just listed! the SQUARED necklace  tons of glass square shapes form this geometric piece! :) 
  that's freakin' cute!! :)
 What?? My Chemical Romance has a new CD coming out?!?!
  it was incredibly stressful, not very rewarding, and I doubt I'll be doing another anytime soon, but thx for asking! :)
  no prob ;) have a great day!!
 Thanks Friends! :)          
 Hmm... I should probably get ready to take pics of the dozens of new items I have, but I think I'll read MOCKINGJAY instead ;)
  ooh, that's a good idea. I'll probably take that advice! Plus I'm calming down now, distracting myself w/beads :) thanks so much!!
  I know. I'm so surprised that they haven't yet!!
  ...... yes. makes it a more difficult situation by far!!
    Seriously. I'm so SO mad. Don't really know what to do about it yet. Send an email??
 It's super nice when you refund a customer FULL PRICE for something they claim is "unwearable," then see a pic of them wearing it. Awesome.
  super duper cute!!! :)
  Oh no!! Hope it wakes up!! :)
 MAD. Really really mad.
 Thirsty Thursday at Coldstone baby!!!
 Re-reading the Hunger Games books now. I seriously cannot stop reading even during my second time through.
