  We'd love to feature you in an upcoming publication and find out how ANYTOWN has made you who you are today!
 Congrats to Deshawn Adams and Guilford County Schools, both featured in the latest issue of Urban Educator. 
  It depends. Primarily Anne, but Rosemary helped with the AT tweets.
  delegates are boarding the buses! We're sad to go, but ready for the change they’ll encourage off the mountain.
 Yellow, black, white, red, or brown/it makes no difference when you come down to  ANYTOWN. 
 Can’t believe it’s our last breakfast together as an  family! 
 Talent Night!  
 Each One, Teach one! Ask your special ANYTOWN delegate what they learned/taught!
 Time for breakfast! Excited to see what the day holds for our community at ANYTOWN! “Our visions begin with our desires.” –Audre Lorde
 Sorry for the late post. Wednesday  pics posted here: 
 Looking forward to some interesting and creative culture presentations by our  delegates!
 Discussion groups! So thrilled about the community forming at  “Inclusion isn’t a buzzword; it’s a way of thinking.” –Ed Pokonzie
 Busy day at  talking about the things that divide us and how we can come together for inclusive communities.
  Thanks for the RT!
  Thanks! We're having a great week.
 New  pictures are posted! 
 Had a good breakfast, and now we’re about to pass out the mail! Have you written to your special someone yet at 
 Campfire! Reflecting on the day at 
 We’ve been busy getting to know each other, and now it’s free time at  Karaoke? Basketball? Yoga? We have it all!
 Discussion group! “Responsibility to yourself means refusing to let others do your thinking, talking, and naming for you.”-Adrienne Rich
 It’s a beautiful day in the neighborhood! Heading to breakfast and getting our first day at  started.
 ANYTOWN Session I photos are posted! Check back daily for more. 
 Are you an eagle, owl, bluebird, or hummingbird? That's what  delegates are deciding tonight about their own leadership styles.
 We are from  give us a cheer; you’ll be so glad that you met us here! Delegates have arrived safely!
 OK, grads, thanks for the great songs! Here's another one - what advice can you give to this year's  graduates?
 Hey  grads: What's your favorite ANYTOWN song?
 Congrats to Katie Rowlett, an ANYTOWN, ANYNIGHT and ANYDAY grad, who has received the Kimberly Susan Bates Scholarship from Greensboro Day.
 The rainbow of faces is getting more colorful: US census shows white babies are now in the minority. 
 Congratulations to ANYTOWN grad and counselor Adrienne Flippin, who has been chosen as a Laurels Scholar at UNC-Asheville!
 Just five more days until  2011! Who's excited?
  I think we missed it - who was featured?
 Congrats to ANYTOWNer Deshawn Adams,  rated "Most Likely to be President" by the News & Record. We're proud of you!
 Congratulations to Kiara Hinton-Griffin, 2011 Miss Jaberwock and 2009 ANYTOWN delegate!
 "Making things better is not for the short-winded, but for those who are willing to keep working for change." - Justice Henry Frye
 Awesome day at the Faith Summit. Thanks to everyone at the WRLP for a terrific event.
  It has been our pleasure. Thank you for giving back so much to your school and our community. Congrats and keep in touch!
 An interesting article that touches on NCCJ's history and importance in American life and culture. 
 The 2011 Citation Award goes to Dennis W. Quaintance for his commitment to diversity and inclusion. Honor him on 11/3 - 
 A must read - this is why NCCJ's ANYDAY, ANYTOWN and adult programs are so important. 
  It was great to see you! Looking forward to working with you next year on ANYDAY!
 Sunday is the early bird discount deadline for ANYTOWN Session I, 6/26-7/1. Spots are filling up fast! Register now: 
  Thanks for the RT Ketsia!
 Get your ANYTOWN questions answered at our info session on 5/5, 6-7 p.m. at the High Point Neal Austin Library. See you there!
 RT  Every teen should see this video. If you are one or have one please watch/show it & pass this on! 
  Thanks for the RT, Deshawn!
 YLC is featured on GCSTV2 and will be on ABC 45 this Friday am. Thanks to GCS for great coverage! 
 ANYTOWN registration is now open! Apply now for early-bird discounts, or come to an info meeting 4/12 at our office. 
  Thanks for the RT!
 Join us (and bring a friend) for an ANYTOWN info session next Tues, 4/12, 6-7 pm, 713 N Greene Street, GSO. 
 ANYTOWNer Thomas Gooding speaks out 
 High Point Enterprise - THOMAS GOODING Some day Anytown will be all towns  via 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Culture Night 2010, Session One 
 I subscribed to ezekielb1's channel on YouTube. 
 I subscribed to cmlovely13's channel on YouTube. 
 I subscribed to rosemarj's channel on YouTube. 
 Today is the last day of ANYTOWN Session One!  Pick up is at Smith High School at 5:45 pm today.
 We need your continued help to reach the top 200!  Please click and vote.  It only takes a minute to vote for NCCJ and…
 I just voted for National Conference For Community A... to win $250k on Chase Community Giving!
 Chase Community Giving 
 Please participat e in Chase Community Giving and cast your vote for the National Conference for Community and Justice…
 'NCCJ News & Notes':  via 
 'NCCJ in the News':  via 
 June 1 is the early bird application deadline for ANYTOWN delegates.  Get your application now www.nccjtriad.org
 RT  Panel discussion on "Sustainable Communities & Civil Rights" at  2morrow, 5/4 at 1:30 pm.  Event is free. h ...
 There are two ways of spreading light ...To be the candle, or the mirror that reflects it. ~Edith Wharton
 Interfaith Calendar-April 21-May 2 is Ridvan- commemorating the declaration of Baha'u'llah to his followers in 1863. (Baha'i)
 RT  Human Rights Campaign Remembers the Life of Dorothy Height 
 Diversity Breakfast, April 22- sign up at 
 ~ Diversity is the one true thing we all have in common. Celebrate it every day. ~
 Today- NCCJ at Eastern Guilford Middle School for Changing in the Middle.  We Open Minds.
 is working to resolve our email problems.  If you need to reach us, please call 336.272.0359.  Thanks!
 Justice is the firm and continuous desire to render to everyone that which is his due.
 We have received LOTS of ANYTOWN staff applications today.  You still have 2.5 hours if you haven't turned yours in.
 ANYTOWN staff applications are due tomorrow.  Go to nccjtriad.org to download your application.
 RT  Museum celebrating  in dwtn  w food, live music & extended tour hrs! 4/2, 6-9pm. Last tour starts 7:30  ...
 The right way is not always the popular and easy way.Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.-M. C. Smith
 'NCCJ News & Notes':  via 
 You only have seven days left to submit your ANYTOWN counselor or advisor application.  What are you waiting on?????????
 Hope will never by silent.- Harvey Milk
 Ready for the Faith and Fairness Town Hall with afternoon with 
 We Open Minds....www.nccjtriad.org
 Thanks to the ANYTOWNers that attended the reunion today.  Great to see you all!
 Dr. Mengesha at Bennett College spoke to the NCCJ group about her experiences and discrimination against her as an African Jew.
 'News from National Conference For Community and Justice of the Piedmont Triad, Inc.':  via 
 is inspiring young leaders at Bennett Middle College today!
 is at Penn Griffin Middle School in High Point for Changing in the Middle-a leadership development program designed to create social change.
 Interfaith Calendar-Today is 1st day of the Baha'i Nineteen Day Fast period-observed by adult Baha'is in good health from sunup to sundown
 NCCJ needs volunteers for the Faith and Fairness Town Hall.  March 18, 5 pm, First Pres in Greensboro. Contact aosborne
 Today is Hola Mohala - a day to honor the valor&bravery of the Sikhs.  3-day festival consists of mock battles, music&poetry reading. (Sikh)
 Interfaith Calendar- Today is Holi (Hindu). Holi is spring festival, a carnival occasion featuring bright colors, pilgrimages and bonfires.
 Interfaith Calendar- Today is the first day of Women's History Month.
 “Truth and love and kindness and caring won out over hate. It restored my faith in humanity.” Mayor Rita Mullins
 Thanks to everyone who came out to the Youth Interfaith Tour yesterday. See the pictures on our facebook page- NCCJ of the Piedmont Triad.
 Why NCCJ?    antidote- programs to promote respect among all religions- The Greensboro Youth Interfaith Tour, Feb 21
 'NCCJ News & Notes':  via 
 Interfaith Calendar- Today is Ash Wednesday, the beginning of Lent (Protestant Christian, Roman Catholic).
 I am strong and I will be heard
 Interfaith Calendar- Today is President's Day (federal holiday), Clean Monday/lent Begins (Orthodox Christian), and Nirvana Day (Buddhist).
 Interfaith Calendar- This week, February 14-20, is Brotherhood.Sisterhood Week.
 Interfaith Calendar- Today, NCCJ celebrates St. Valentine's Day and the Chinese New Year.
 RT  Today the NAACP marks it's 101th Anniversary! In 1908, a group of A.A. leaders joined together to form a permanent ci ...
 If you're still interested in the GSO Youth Interfaith Tour (2/21/10), we can add you to the waitlist- contact the NCCJ office 336.272.0359
 RT  We just finished a informative Leadership Nonprofit Lunch at NCCJ. Think about joining us next week!... 
 "Prejudice rarely survives experience."  Eve Zibart
 GSOYouth Interfaith Tour is full & registration closed. Later, we'll announce new date for the HP tour, along with registration details.
 Why NCCJ?  Because all men and women are created equal -- but everyone does not have the same access or opportunity.  www.nccjtriad.org
 Check out the ANYTOWN Video!!
 Check out the story on the Greensboro Youth Interfaith Tour in Saturday's News and Record. 
 Come to "The Human Race" Saturday, March 20 from 9:00 am to 12:00 pm. Join Us for the Human Race-... 
 Why NCCJ?  Because our nation is becoming more diverse and we need to strengthen intergroup relations.  Join us at www.nccjtriad.org
 read more about the Greensboro Youth Interfaith tour in today's Greensboro News and Record
 The Human Race is March 20.  Please join us!
 Why NCCJ? Because stereotyping & bias influence policies, practices & laws.  You can fight bias, bigotry and racism-join us at nncjtriad.org
 Buying a gift for your Valentine? Use www.goodshop.com, choose NCCJ & up to 30% of your purchase will go help fight bias, bigotry & racism.
 From the NCCJ Interfaith Calendar- February 1-6 is Clergy Appreciation Week.
 Why NCCJ? Because anti-immigrant billboards tell new residents they are unwelcome. Help elminate bias, bigotry and racism-www.nccjtriad.org
 RT  School will be closed for students Wednesday. It will be an optional teacher workday. Central offices will operate on a ...
 NCCJ celebrates African American History Month.
 HP Youth Interfaith Tour is postponed.  You can still register for the Feb. 21 GSO tour at ww.nccjtriad.org
 RT  Civil rights museum now speaks for the Greensboro Four 
 High Point Youth Interfaith Tour is still on.  If we have to cancel for snow and ice, we'll post it here.  Thanks!  See you on Sunday.
 RT   A private donation will help  expand its human relations project to all GCS middle schools to support c ...
 Why NCCJ?  Because people who "look" Arab are stopped at our borders as terrorists.  To get involved, www.nccjtriad.org
 Why NCCJ?  Because hatred's voice is loud on the Internet.  To get involved, visit www.nccjtriad.org
 Why NCCJ?  Because youth suffer from prejudice and fear violence.  Get involved at www.nccjtriad.org
 Why NCCJ?  Because swastikas deface overturned gravestones.  Get involved at www.nccjtriad.org
 Why NCCJ?  Because the KKK is still marching.
 Donate or Walk for NCCJ in the Human Race- 
 Do you get the NCCJ newsletter? 
 Have you signed up for the Youth Interfaith Tour?  
 "We are more alike, my friends, than we are unalike."  Dr. Maya Angelou
 We look forward to seeing many 2009 ANYTOWNers today at Youth Ambassador Training.
 "Everybody can be great because everybody can serve.” — Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
 Special thanks to the ANYTOWN alums that celebrated the legacy of Dr. King by volunteering at the MLK breakfast this morning!
 GoldenRule-Zoroastrianism-That nature alone is good which refrains from doing another whatsoever is not good for itself.Dadisten-I-dinik94,5
 Living the Golden Rule-Taoism- Regard your neighbor's gain as your gain, and your neighbor's loss as your own loss.(Tai Shang Kan Yin P'ien)
 Today is Maghi(Sikh).Maghi commemorates the battle in which 40 Sikhs(the Immortal Ones)laid down their lives for the guru(Guru Gobind Singh)
 GoldenRule-Judiasm-What is hateful to you,do not do to your fellow man.This is the entire Law;the rest is commentary.Talmud,Shabbat 3id gold
 Living the Golden Rule- Islam- No one of you is a believer until he desires for his brother that which he desires from himself.  - Sunnah
 Living the Golden Rule-Hinduism "This is the sum of duty; do naught onto others what you would not have them do unto you."Mahabharata 5,1517
 "Do not do to others what you would not like yourself. Then there will be no resentment against you,either in the family or in the state."
 Living the Golden Rule- "All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye so to them; for this is the law and the prophets."
 NCCJ is Living the Golden Rule in 2010.  Buddhism- "Hurt not others in ways that you yourself would find hurtful."  Udana- Varga 5,1
 In 2010, NCCJ is focusing on Living the Golden Rule.  "Don't do things you wouldn't want to have done to you." - British Humanist Society
 Did you know that you can earn money for NCCJ every time for shop or search online?  www.goodsearch.com
 RT  Activities Planned For MLK Day In Greensboro 
  THANKS!!
 Learn more about the High Point Interfaith Tour- 
 RT  Triad area nonprofits need a free new Web site? Extreme Nonprofit Makeover nominations open   ...
 Interfaith Calendar- January is National Poverty Awareness Month
 Interfaith Calendar- Today is Christmas Day (Orthodox Christian)
 Interfaith Calendar- Today is Epiphany 
 We are getting ready for the High Point Interfaith Tour, Jan. 31. Registration is open- 
 ANYTOWN applications are now available at www.nccjtriad.org
