  Cap > Thor
  I do have a soft spot for tin lunchboxes.
 Let me just place this Batman Arkham City "statue" next to my Precious Moments "Kids playing hopscotch with Jesus" figurine.
 I imagine the unboxing of collector's edition videogames being filled with equal parts shame and regret.
 RT  Forget Spiderman and Batman, "The Legend of Korra" is all I really care about: 
  Definitely a good influence.
  Rent one of those awesome old houses in Ferndale.
 The best part of Alan Wake is the ending. It's too bad you have to play it to get there.
 Most frequently referenced games by my students during their design pitches: Pokemon and Monopoly.
  A true 'merican.
  I'm with ya.
 Just thought about Bennigans for the first time in about five years. Apparently, the place still exists.
  
 Best/worst part about exercising at home: the look on my cat's face.
   What size was the audience?
  And two FNL links:  
  
  Best gimmick of all time: no belt, jeans, tucked shirt.
  Thankfully, no. Just have to finish this damn main storyline.
 Playing Alan Wake solely to get it out of my life. This is my burden as a completionist.
  "Add another person to ur dwindling circle of sociality bred by ur sense of alienation & lack of ability to relate emotionally."
  Forging ahead in solidarity!
 Need to create a social network just for self loathers. Foreveralonebook.
 Sometimes I dislike the internet for surrounding me with people who think themselves awesome.
 Out of everything new I attempted this semester pedagogically, having students play Tedium worked best: 
  Done it MANY times. Find the restroom with highest volume and most space. Let chaos be your shelter.
  
 RT  e.g., “when all the trending topics are dominated by black people, it’s time to go.” 
 Astounded by game design concepts students generated in groups today. Some seriously clever procedural rhetoric. I want to play them.
 RT  Is Netflix killing DVD like Apple killed floppies? 
 I've never seen anyone more miserable than the dogs surfing on CBS right now.
  Not a gold member.
 RT  Man this Grantland Friday Night Lights piece is so totally good  (URL is kind of hilarious, tho)
  No ESPN :(
 After a trip to the mall, I have determined that this summer's hottest fashions are ear feathers and nudity.
 One man. One game. One month of his life.  
 RT  ‘Friday Night Lights’ TV Show Could Continue As A Movie 
  I will check it out. What's Khan system?
  I like it better reversed. But either way is nicely aphoristic.
  No. We could use your star power as Gail Simone's BFF.
 Who's gonna be our ODB? RT   I'll be the Method Man to your RZA.
  The Wu-Tang model would be a bit more palatable then, some solo work but a core collab. effort that drives the work.
  Thinking of something grounded more in collab. rather than just shared mission. Frankfurt didn't produce much together did they?
 I want to form a Wu-Tang that creates scholarship instead of albums. Who's with me?
 RT  The Dwayne McDuffie tribute  International wouldn't print: 
     WHAT? I CAN'T HEAR YOU?
  It's happening because I say it is! ;)
 What you can't see is the young girl in the backseat. Yes, it is very likely this man has reproduced. 
  I know people who are teaching with it but no one doing research.
   What helped me was watching beginner's tutorials on YouTube. And also referencing the various crafting wikis.
 Minecraft usurping Second Life as the go to academic sandbox fills me with joy.
  Happy to report my class "got" your critique and seemed to agree (well, those that had played it.)
  Excited to hear more!
  Will do.
  When it comes to baby Prysby...
  My class is reading your LA Noire review for class tomorrow. 
  Maury trends here every day.
 Click on trending topic. Feel like a genius.
  Noticed huge increase incl. new genres of sticker when I came to CA. Attributed it to car culture.
 RT  New post: Tiny Tower: FAIL - 
  Oh the simulated TV thing with commercials?
  Twin Peaks on tap over here.
  Cliff Burton. See his solo Anesthesia on the album Kill Em All.
  The misc. forum on bodybuilding.com has its own culture and memes unto itself. Not sure if you've taken a look.
  Liked how it placed the player in difficult positions. Had an air of mystery that is wholly ejected for the main plot.
  Same. It's shorter length allowed them to weave a tighter story, that was more resonant than the rest.
  A different game I would have rather been playing.
  Haters gonna hate cat.
 RT  Get this guy a job with The Onion, or the Colbert Report  (Guy who supports ...
 Podcast convo. between Marc Maron & The Onion's Todd Hanson re: depression is deeply moving, esp. if you've struggled: 
  Better get it all finished by July 12.
  Jus' tryin' ta keep cool.
  Honestly, have no idea how you deal.
 Been in cafe for 30 mins., weather mentioned five times. Make that six AS I WRITE THIS TWEET.
  Oh! I met him at a conference awhile back.
 RT  Faculty brain drain from UC's to private universities, incl mention of Wendy Brown's possible move to  . ...
  Purchase that man a beverage.
   ELEVATOR SPEED UPGRADE TOTALLY WORTH IT.
  Don't have a Mac but when I do I am getting Scrivener.
  Butler is, by far, the most complained about critic from my students and colleagues.
  Even as a Bon Iver fan, I am perplexed why he is suddenly America's Darling. Only reason I can think of: Kanye anointed him.
 Tiny Tower people please add me. I would like to marvel at your phallus. Name: fearv. cc:  
  Seize control. This is your moment.
  Wordpress! Wordpress! Wordpress!
 ATTN Media Molecule: Finite lives are incongruous with the spirit of Little Big Planet. Sincerely, Tanner and 
  I am still afraid to play because I lost 20 hours to a corrupted save.
  That game is disastrous. So much promise drowned in a broken mess.
 RT  The lesson of the TREE OF LIFE "no refunds" sign: Movies have ruined us to the possibilities of what movies can do. ht ...
 LA Noire finished. Great tech demo. Decent first few hours. Rest was dull.
  The wizard academy didn't hold my interest. Loved the intro., tutor (esp. descrip. of magic), and draccus though.
  You're right. I like it but Antlers is superior.
  Certainly some toxic mix of the two.
 Call of Duty convention to set record for most energy drink cans smashed into dudebro foreheads in a 48 hr. period. 
 RT  A touching, beautiful tribute. RT  Springsteen’s Eulogy For ‘The Big Man’: 
  That implies some precision.
 RT  At the Predator "Firing a minigun into a forest" stage of thesis writing.
  No one commented on it. I made sure to point it out, though.
  Haven't. I will look into it.
  Richard Fung "Looking for My Penis" and this review 
  Yes. It's actually working out well. Calls attention to some issues of interpretation I wouldn't have dealt with otherwise.
  Not trying to say it's problem free. Rather certain moments which are not stereotypical they expect to be and see that way.
 Google tries its hand at social networking again. Google+ allows users to target different groups of friends with info 
 Showing students Harold and Kumar. Interesting how they want to read film in terms of stereotype even when it's countering them.
 RT  Lovely piece on nostalgia by  
  
   There's no way I would ever pay that.
 "Before commenting on this online news story, please provide two proofs of bigotry."
  And MY axe.
  ...I made the mistake of reading the comments.
  The same old: drugs, porn, mayhem.
  Certainly is a huge factor here considering how a ruling the other way would have been devastating to retailers. Still, happy.
  Happy.
 Supreme Court votes down proposed California law that would prevent videogame sales to minors: 
  He's a Detroit OG.
 Maury's theme music should be Kanye's "Power."
  Sunday is moving day.
  You're moving out of Claremont at the exact time I am moving in. Must not take this personally.
  Report in on contents of parcel.
   My summer class has thus far been a dream. So focused.
  Prepare yourself because SoS > Clash > GoT. It gets sooooo good.
  Yeah. I think I am in the minority, too. So don't get too worried!
  Still teaching during that time unfortunately.
  When are you going to be in Vegas?
 Listen people, I don't know what else it will take to convince you cats are awesome. This is my last try: 
 Designer forced to pay $32k to photographer of Mile Davis cover for 8biting photo for chiptune project. 
  LOVED the beginning of the book and was bored to tears by most of the last 2/3.
 RT  How is  not this year's Shit My Dad Says?
  Where the demons dwell and the banshees live and they do live well.
  Definitely added context. Articulated to me better howbit is more of a concept album about schizophrenia, religious doubt, & love.
  Did you see him live this year? Was more akin to an art piece than a concert.
  I saw pretty split reviews and very few people I knew listened to it. Maybe it's just my own experience.
  That album is horribly underappreciated.
   Most people I know who have left, for various stints, did so out of frustration with their "friends'" inanity/politix
  4e just breaks itself in higher levels. too much math. PCs overpowered.
 Sammy Davis Jr. expresses the joys of whiskey in a way no one else can: 
  Hard for me to imagine someone not enjoying the series.
  Since I know you are a fellow P&R fan: 
  On my twitter feed last night  was saying the same thing re: Storm of Swords twist. Brutal.
  Well you have managed to avoid the worst class and miss the best.
  
  check it: 
  Yeah. Lucked out.
 . on Duke Nukem's audio: "It's like someone playing everything in your .wav file folder."
 As always, D'Angelo's "Untitled" video (dir. Paul Hunter) delivers the best class discussion. 
  www.toms.com buy a pair of shoes and one gets sent to developing country. Has become very trendy for young people.
  I think everyone is unanimous that FATE > 4e
 RT  Robert Reich lays it down righteously 
  Yes.
  Have your favorite characters changed on the second read?
  That is...impressive. Watching the show & reading speculations about Dance has me realizing how much depth I missed on my first pass
  I'm so due for my second run through all the books.
 I trust that all of the people who claimed Game of Thrones didn't have solid fem. characters feel as wrong as we book fans knew they would.
 Over course of 12 years, Richard Linklater quietly shoots documentary of boy's life.  via 
  Depends on delivery method and the state of your dignity prior to said meal.
  It's a tech demo.
  Ugh. Hope they don't kill Elena. But sounds like they find the women more expendable than men. As usual...
  As a fan of the books I would love to hear your speculations.
  I think you just designed my outfit for tomorrow's class.
 Took me a couple hours on campus but finally spotted a student not wearing Toms shoes.
  Just don't turn into Patton Oswalt from Big Fan.
 Can someone come over & finish the last few hours of my LA Noire game while I half pay attention?
  Did you warm up to Friday Night Lights?
  YES
  Was all about Comix Corner on Auburn in Rochester for me. Or Time Travelers in Berkeley.
 RT  New Games Criticism? Fuck that. Let's have some old games criticism. 
  So the History channel has given up and just turned into SyFy?!
 "In 10 or 15 years, Göbekli Tepe will be more famous than Stonehenge. And for good reason." 
 RT  Love the game, but this is priceless. - Real Life L.A. Noire Highlights Cole Phelps' Idiosyncrasies 
  Definitely but I think the woman's point was more that black hair, beyond SES, is more elaborately maintained and styled.
  LACE has a good exhibit just starting about re: tech and identity.
 Sick of eating food that isn't properly anthropomorphic? Put your hot dogs in an iron maiden!  h/t/ 
  It's like an iron maiden for meat tubes. 
 When paper books are a rarity, this guy plans to be our Library of Alexandria. 
 OH: "The money is in black hair. White barber makes 6 bucks, black barber makes 20."
   Boys under 18 make up a mere 13% of players. Adult women, for one example, make up 37%.
 "Yeah Green Lantern...sure why not." 
  They are videogames *pounds gavel*
 RT  I wish that Duke Nukem Forever ended with Duke finally coming out to his parents and ending the charade.
  Sigh. I had that worry. Still have to see it though.
  Doin some pre-move cleaning. Uncovered these.  
 My cat has adapted a rotisserie technique for getting her entire body massaged during petting sessions.
  Wheatley.
  Excellent work Doug. Keep it up!
  Definitely worth reading at least the intro of that book.
 Surprised to see Super 8 continue trope aligning blackness w/ technoscientific anxieties from Kevorkian's Color Monitors 
  It makes you feel like a super genius.
 Detroit MC Elzhi's mixtape is a must listen:  h/t 
  Wow. This mixtape is killer. How have I not heard of this guy?
  Storytelling is poor.
  Doubt doesn't require proof, only lying.
 Playing through arson desk in LA Noire and completely disinterested. Botching cases for the hell of it. Driving like a maniac. Rebelling.
  fascinating how CODMW has become the exemplar of agentive loss given its narrative subject matter: soldiers as pawns.
 . For me, on-rails games are more an analog for theme parks than cinema.
  Better have some shawarma and pickled turnips in the mix.
  Hmph. Looking for the website I just realized her "pre-existing condition" is going to be tough to get around.
 Anyone have experience with pet insurance? My cat has a newly diagnosed condition that requires regular medicine. Looking to cut costs.
  There's only one bad song. The rest are excellent.
  Have you listened to the new Antlers? It's in the running for album of the year for me.
 RT  REALLY hope it's real. RT  $20 indie games portable console to undercut overpriced mainstream platforms: h ...
 Investigated NOT IF Ian McShane won an Emmy for Deadwood, BUT HOW MANY only to find out that the answer is 0. 
  Both are worth playing.
  Portal 2.
 The dazzling joy of a thoughtful and intellectually propellant blog comment.
  It will take the Thunderdome to decide that.
 Videogame playtime per day 8-18 yrs. old by race--Whites :56, Blacks 1:25, Hispanics 1:35, Asians 1:37. 
  I have faith. They fixed so much of the bad between ME1 and 2 that I trust they will continue the trend.
  I am with  but, if foots are not an option, then 1.
 Lengthy, but worth it, look into the man who made Fox News a conservative propaganda machine: 
  Got it. Thanks.
 Experienced Kill Screen writers, is the submission form (with 400 word pitch) the way to go?
  It's all about Chase Mii.
 RT  Read this -> The $2.5 Trillion Tragedy: What America Has Given Up For 10 Years Of Bush Tax Cuts 
  I enjoyed the celebrity homes tour. Much to my surprise.
  Exhaustion gets a pass.
 Friends: if I ever sit in the car while pumping gas, please give me a stiff talking to.
 Saw Chase Mii demoed on Gamespot. Wii U is making more sense. It's like Pac-Man but Wii-ified. Great use of controller. I want to play it.
  You hosted the All Caps funeral, er I mean gathering.That's worth a chapter in your biography.
  Exactly. But I wouldn't mind telling my console to open Netflix when I enter the room. I want to live that Star Trek dream.
  Which basically means I wouldn't mind the Xbox 720 to retain that functionality. I have a use for it unlike waggle.
  I do see some utility in Kinect. Possibilities for interface navigation that are less gimmicky and more functional.
  Yeah and Nintendo has become a master of manipulating consumer affect. Wii U doesn't need good games, just a good impressions.
  Not at all. My position re: Nintendo since SNES has been ambivalent. More fascinated by marketing aura they have created.
  seems to be their marketing strategy: deliver something so wild and gimmicky that it has to be purchased by detractors & devout.
 This press conference was emblematic of Nintendo's strategy. Sell possibilities and barely deliver actual applications. 
 Just got word from Iwata that Wii U is a new console: it's 32 bit and has a FX chip and stereo sound. Also plays VHS with Gremlins in box.
 Nintendo, in an effort to make games more accessible, releases revolutionary new console: a deck of cards. 
  That should be the name of your punk band.
  I thought I was the only person who knew that show existed. Just wait till you see the episode with a guy who tunnels underground.
  each player sees a different image when viewing
  Me too. I have noticed Twitter snark has all but disappeared. Oh and UC3 > entite MS presser.
 Only thing that could make Uncharted more exciting is if I could run in place and shout commands alongside a creepy Hollwlywood rent-a-son.
 LAPD: "There's been an escape from the Kohl's catalog! All units respond to the LA convention center. They're giving a...press briefing."
 BREAKING: Footage of me in bed while watching the Microsoft press conference.  
  Corny dialogue and flat performances just made it unbearable. Some great exchanges between X and Magneto though.
  Definitely. Fassbender alone was better than that entire movie.
  Neck and neck with January Jones' stilted performance.
 McAvoy & Fassbender are competing for the "Best Actor in a Crappy Movie Who, Through Force of Will, Made It Bearable" Oscar this year.
  With Tarantino directing.
  I was just going to tweet that. Without them, that movie is unbearable.
  cringeworthy
  Sort of shocked that it persists.
 RT   It would be a spoiler if he didn't. 
 Spoiler alert: the black guy dies in X-Men. Quickly.
  Depressed about  prospects?
 RT  Interesting article on the "economics" of Groupon:  (via 
  Going tonight.
  I agree. If I was to build a tutorial it would be terse and cryptic. Encourage experimentation, wonder, and help from friends.
  But the lack of tutorial forces players (at least those who don't just quit) to seek help from the community. That's a good thing.
  Love Minecraft's simplicity too but only out of nostalgia. If I am being practical, it could benefit from slight nudges early on.
  Yeah. Prohibitive. Got in last year. My prestige has dwindled!
  I applied for a pass and was turned down...
  My summer is planned.
 My reaction after first episode of Deadwood: Eh? Ok. After second episode: YES YES YES.
 RT  The quality of a person's taste in music is inversely proportional to the volume at which they inflict it on others.
  I *never* understood the appeal of his voice.
  Most, I would say.
 Eddie Vedder and a ukulele: neither please, and certainly not in combination.
  
  But it's a different type of game. Very fun putting evidence together. Fun "reading" faces. Nice slow, methodical pace.
  The "open world" is stale. Would've been better as a linear adventure. Action scenes boring. Main character cliche.
  It is such a strange game. I don't think it is great but it scratches an itch. So it is highly playable but disappointing.
  Love that game.
  Didn't even know he had a stroke.
   
  Morrison on a Superman ongoing would be awesome.
  I am enjoying Flashpoint as standard as it is. Gave up on Fear Itself. Thoughts?
  have you watched the Brett Hart Story? Great doc. available on Netflixbstreaming.
  Brian Massumi has a wild and dense chap. on Reagan in his book. Might be useful if it is a grad. class.
  I think you're the favorite.
  I used to love finding the hidden character in every episode of She-Ra. Not sure if you remember that.
 RT  Look, remember when McDonald's first made the McRib and all those people died? Then the survivors loved it? This is like ...
  For the first time in my life I am engrossed in an infomerical.
 Marketers following marketers following marketers following marketers following marketers following marketers following marketers following
 As free time dwindles with age, so too does tolerance for media. Spartacus on TV and 100 Rogues on iPhone each lasted 3.5 mins.
  interested
  Saw GL trailer before Hangover 2. Not even sure I want to go to the theater to see it.
 . Playmobil is for humanists. Lego is for scientists.
 Family refuses to declare gender of child. 
  
 "You know what our methodical and immersive detective thriller needs? A balance beam mechanic!" 
 Me and my partner solving some cases in LA Noire.  
  I know someone who didn't realize Steven Colbert was satire.
  
  BTW your MInecraft blog got a footnote in my dissertation tonight. Feel free to put that on your CV, it's a huge honor.
  She has to finish Portal 2 first, though.
  Been trying to get the girlfriend to play for that very reason. One of the select games she saw me play and demanded to try.
  Oh! He knocked me over the head while I was snooping.
  I...don't know. But it happened. Hence why Heavy Rain is so interesting!
  Well he took me to his dungeon and I flubbed the QTE.
  I refused the drink and then promptly died. Damn that's smart. And also shows brilliantly the good and bad things about that game!
  Prepare for that feeling to overwhelm any sense of accomplishment from obtaining a doctorate.
  I think you just have to channel and showcase the things you are confident about.
 Chinese prisoners forced to farm gold in WOW:  h/t 
  Nothing quite like a raw forearm covered in cat saliva.
  You ever see this thing I wrote?  I find myself CONSTANTLY referencing her play with sexuality.
  Yeah, and the thing I am referencing, you will LOVE. Trust me.
  Well, now that you put it that way, both, but I can't stand her new album.
  I dig it.
  Jody Rosen needs to listen to Mos Def ASAP: 
  Wat.
 Publishers/authors who include only people in an index must be punished.
  Radio silence ACTIVATED.
 Seriously people. It will be awesome if you do not know about it beforehand and it is in many of the previews.
 If you love Bioshock, I highly recommend avoiding all info. re: Bioshock Infinite. Had game event spoiled that would best be a surprise.
  If that motel goes under I will be sad. Not even joking.
  
  
  Dare I say MGS4 is underrated?
  I am with you. My days of spending 20 hours on a prologue in a JRPG are long gone.
  I was bored early in too, but now finding it more interesting. Cases get more nuanced.
   As most people are saying, it's a neo-adventure game.
   I am finding it more interesting the more I play. Was a bit bored at first, but now sucked in.
  It's definitely compelling, but, yes, very slow paced.
 Blowing a case in LA Noire stresses me out. I don't know if that is a good or bad thing.
  Best smirk on TV.
  
 RT  Devastating & powerful post on the plight of the UC system, "one of the greatest democratic experiments in history": http ...
 Katy Perry's concert rider: "ABSOLUTELY NO CARNATIONS." 
 New blog post thinking about the pitfalls of appeals to representational equity in games: 
  I....don't know. Need more time.
  Yeah for me it was a slow build. Was suspicious early on.
  And the games take a significant backseat in latter seasons.
  Football is always there, but it's a family drama. I despise melodramatic sports film and TV and love FNL.
  Give it time!
  And more patient.
  You are a smarter man than I.
  I have been reading that. Great beginning but tapers off. I have been chasing the high of A Song of Ice and Fire.
  To my knowledge no one has written about it. It has just been something I have been thinking about.
 Taken aback by the quality of Roseanne as I revisit it on Netflix two decades later. Not sure a similar show has been made since.
 My students this semester disagree about every issue except the Dream Act. Universal desire to see it passed.
  K-Mart has a deal going on: 
  My copy JUST arrived.
 If an edu-game gets made, and no cares to play it, does it still get funded?
  We've found the Citizen Kane of games! It makes games just like Citizen Kane!
 RT  A must read rant by Roseanne on how Hollywood hates feminists, labor and working class women: 
  This would be a much better design: 
 Desperate Housewives is still on the air.
  If only more games were as intellectually provocative as Bayonetta.
  I will not lead you astray.
 My favorite track of the year so far:  "I Don't Want Love" 
  I don't think of it as a scam. The students are willing to pay ANYTHING to avoid intellectual engagement.
  What is the chance Stafford makes it through the season? I say 20%.
   This is for you, re: consumer culture convo. yesterday: 
  Provides a great starting place to think through what a feminist game could look like.
  It's definitely a fascinating game to think about. And it incites debate in a productive way, whether intentionally feminist or not.
  Thanks for the reasoned and sensible rebuttal. You do know you're on the internet right? You're supposed fire ad hominem attacks.
  I'd go with Huizinga's Homo Ludens.
  Play in general or just videogames?
  Solid chance I will be impaled by a sharpened hockey stick when the world goes full Mad Max in 10 years.
  50 seems so close...
  I wonder the % of plastic surgeons that have had work done.
 It's like a wax museum of the bourgeoisie in here. 
 At dermatologist and EVERYONE is here for anti-aging except me. Should we even be giving these people MDs anymore? Maybe CyberDs.
 RT  Awesome theory on Portal 2 storyline (warning: MEGA-spoileriffic) 
  I imagine not. It would be in keeping with the visual preference.
  Do you know if the games will be playable at the Smithsonian?
   I think we're discussing two different things. The thing I tweeted was about NEA funding for games.
  MY WINGS
  With any luck this MIGHT stop idiots from arguing about it. Doubtful, though.
 Whew. Was getting worried. RT  RT  Games officially art, according to Nat'l Endowment for the Arts: 
  Make sure to have a midi playing in the background and A LOT of animated .gifs.
  And to Amblin era Spielberg.
  You'll need a feature length script before you touch down, and a trust fund.
  I would be interested to see what percentage of the population even knows what they are.
  I am curious if anyone would identify as an architect.
 George R.R. Martin in reference to planning before writing: "There are two types of writers: gardeners and architects."
  Felt like a well tailored suite. I am envious.
 Just sat in a Steel Case office chair at Crate & Barrel. It's like being blind for all your life and then seeing the Amazon rainforest.
  Same here.
  Bruno Mars. Can only stand 3 secs. of anything he has ever done.
 Forget Citizen Kane, we need the Killer of Sheep of videogames.
  ANYTHING Jimmy Buffett.
  Blue Spotted Tail, a lonely summer night, and scotch is all anyone needs to get by.
 Thanks for all the suggestions earlier. You all made it into my presentation. Academia's highest honor.
  Meaning: ideas are half-baked and notes are rarely pretty or composed.
  I think many see notes as a vulnerable moment of the research process.
  I haven't seen someone do that before (at least in a wiki), so it's new to me!
  That would make a good blog post for 
  Very good point.
  Trying to do a little bit of everything.
 Giving a talk today about creating an online presence for scholarship/teaching. Any best practices/suggestions?
  Pecknold needs to let his voice go wild more like he does on Bitter Dancer.
  I think I set fire to my mancard in 1996 while listening to Depeche Mode's Violator alone in my basement for an entire summer.
  That's high praise. NETFLIXED.
 NBC should sell Friday Night Lights brand tissues, call them "Clear Eyes and Full Hearts." I'm going to need them for this final season.
  Brilliant as usual.
  definitely worth playing. It's jut not as perfect as the first game.
   Yes, there are spoilers.
  Wonderful Portal 2 critique.
 RT  So  knocks one out of the park with his critique of Portal 2:  "Too much airplane, not enough ...
 Has anyone used a Dazzle card to grab screenshots from consoles? I have it hooked up but wondering how best to take the screenshot.
  Can't comment yet. Only one listen. Hasn't grabbed me but not writing it off.
 Pretty sure I was just Google Street Viewed. My Volkswagen is now world famous.
  I've heard that it was good from a decent source. I don't know how that makes me feel.
 RT  Out of Osama's Death, A Fake Quotation is Born 
 Wondering if anyone across the globe has played Kinect or Move in the past few months.
 Osama Bin Laden's last act of terrorism was making Twitter suck.
  I insta-delete most UCR mail.
  The roundtable? It was at UCI.
 Andddddddd Oblivion doesn't work on my ancient laptop.
