 RT  Guess what,  If the wireless device has stopped functioning, making help link to a web page (vs. giving a pho ...
 RT  My favorite new quote by  "Don't try to win over haters. You're not the jackass whisperer."
 RT  "...but it’s in our hands to determine what PR means to us." - 
 Now accepting a limited number of marketing, PR, social media, and website clients. email: info
 RT  How would ad companies brand marijuana? 
 RT  Kids, do not agree to divide up your candy with Goldman Sachs families. You'll end up with none and also owe candy.
 I tweet since 06 Jan 2010. My  followers:      
 RT  Anti-WalMart group wants to create major traffic jam Saturday to show exactly what WalMart will bring to Heights area. ...
  the K-x is the entry level model, and the K-7 is the higher end model. they are coming out with others
  personally I'm leaning towards Pentax. they have some good offerings worth considering
 RT  U have bigger problem if all u worry about "I am giving them another outlet to complain to me" by coming on social ne ...
 Okay... spring 2011 may have been overly pessimistic. In fact, that's actually the worst case scenario now. Aiming for end of November now
 RT  Suicide-hotline ads projected on to the water beneath Belgrade's most notorious suicide bridge. 
 Spring/Early Summer 2011
 RT  Client treats its PR firm to a spa day and a limo. Won't see that very often:
  batter up!
 RT  Most awesome twitter uname evar! 
  just wondering when the agenda will be posted? soon, I hope?
 RT  [rantroulette.com] New post: Shocking and revolting: an unjust attack on Houston's all-electric jitney 
 RT  I am posting this link with tears streaming down my face. This is deeply upsetting, but it needs to be seen:  ...
 RT  We found a lost Yorkie last night. PLEASE RT this Craigslist post: 
 RT  Ordering pizza. How did we manage this before the Internet? I KNOW I'VE ASKED THIS BEFORE, BUT NONE OF YOU ANSWERED.
 Just joined the Public Relations community to keep track of the best experts. Join me here: 
 RT  Random question for the day: Does anyone in Houston know a FARMER or similar who has ACTUAL LIVE SHEEP?
 RT  PROUD to announce Houston's 1st  Aug 7th at  Keynote by  creator  
 Launch may be pushed back closer to the end of the summer due to some unfortunate snags. Expect a "save the date" for launch party soon.
 Official launch coming soon (late spring/early summer)
