 Tom Brady-the most winnigest QB in the Super Bowl Era- was the 199th pick in the NFL Draft. My point? NEVER give up on your dreams!
 Newest collection coming soon. Next line of shirts are gonna really seperate us from everybody else. Believe that.
 Short Sleeve Dress Shirt = Death of men's fashion.
 "Worrying is like a rocking chair. It gives you something to do for awhile, but it gets you nowhere."- Van Wilder
 RT  Heart 2 Heart Charity Happy Hour 3/3 at Jin Lounge. sponsored by    RSVP http:// ...
  has turned into 'that Uncle' you have to warn your girlfriend about the first time she meets your family.
  Yessir. Many a wise words from a decent man.
 Don't quit when the road gets rough. Like IceBerg Slim once said, "It's not the come up, its the come back."
 If this were the 1980s, Ric Flair would only wear Instructions. At least I hope he would, lol.
 Rise and Grind!
 "Its better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation."- Michael Jackson
 Sunday may not be Easter,but this is indeed a Good Friday.
 It's called hump day for a reason! Get up, Get Out, and Get Something!
 If my life had a soundtrack, I'd want Curtis Mayfield to produce the album.
 Luck is a function of preparation meeting opportunity... And you can create your own luck. Think about it.
 "Men cannot afford to be careless."- Vito Corleone. Act (and dress) accordingly.
 www.theartofdressingwell.com
 Unfortunately, we live in a world where people judge a book by its cover. Make sure your cover looks good. 
 RT  RT  Men's Fashion Advice & Style Tips » How to Wear Jeans to Work 
 RT  Photo: Pharell on fasion 
 Challenge...yourself...Instructions Apparel
 Thanking all of our new customers and followers...on board to make this month better than the last...Instructions Apparel
  looking for like-minded people. Figured you'd appreciate what we do over here. Check our site. www.theartofdressingwell.com
 In the Godfather, Vito Corleone says, "Men cannot afford to be careless." Treat everday and everything in it with that phrase in mind.
 Treat your clothes like a woman. What do you want on your arm? A cheap thrill or that special somebody? Exactly. Dress accordingly.
 "On top of the world stands a well-dressed man."
 Hope you haven't given up on your New Years Resolution yet.
 
 I officially miss the old Kanye, classic...
 Whenever you get frustrated on the path to success, remember that the night is always darkest before dawn. 
 RT  A few good reasons every man should wear purple...or lavendar 
 Everybody in the DC area get home safe.
 We had a great time and enjoyed being sponsors at  last night. Congrats to  and all of the winners!
 Shout out to  for a great inaugural event last night! Joi and the gang put on a great presentation.
 Often times, the loudest one in the room is the weakest one in the room.  The same works for clothes. Dress accordingly.
 One of the marks of true style is being able to wear the same thing after 5pm, that you wear between 9am-5pm.
  Co sign that. Definitely.
 If you are over 21, there's no reason not to own a good fedora.
 Everybody has an opportunity to be great and everybody should try.
 JETS, how about some run defense on Mendenhall please
  you definitely want to avoid a RedWing boot or anything bulky. Your best bet is a motorcycle style /or dress boot.
  Something like these would look best with skinny jeans 
 Martina McBride went to work on the National Anthem
 Celebrating 800 followers...thank you!  Ready to add many more...Instructions Apparel
 RT  RT  The Style Blogger "Winter Essentials" Reader Give-Away:GOOD LUCK!
  Needs to get really cold and break off
 Service hiring college students to run your errands...gotta respect the creativity 
 RT  “Your heart is free. Have the courage to follow it.”- Sean Lawlor
 Its Friday, if you haven't done so already, do something different today...Instructions Apparel
 RT  The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
 In life the material things are often forgotten, its the memories that you create that last a lifetime
 Sunny Thursday in the District...take a second to simply look up at the sky
 Tap into your creative juices...think outside the...box...Instructions Apparel
 Moral victories are for minor league coaches. Don't let mediocrity be an option. Get up, get out, and get something!
 RT  Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.-Thomas A. Edison
 End your week on a good...note...
 RT  Happiness is an attitude.  We either make ourselves miserable, or happy and strong.  The amount of work is the same ...
 Monday off is definitely better than Friday...Thursday is...here
 Looking for an inspirational song to get me moving for the night
  Not stellar...
 RT  How do you stand apart from the "crowd", in image And mind, and give the presence you need to succeed?  ...
 RT  AG Jeans, Converse, Fred Perry by Raf Simons, Sneaky Steve, Maui and Sons, SmoothCo. & More,  
  Answerrrr
  is back in business...where is Simon?  Someone needs to be mean!
 Nobody has the right to pass through this world without contributing something to it. 
  Calling you in 10
 RT   Honors Dr.King's Style:  ...
 MLK had a dream so that we could all have an equal opportunity to live out ours. Dare yourself to be great today!
 A friday night just isn't a Friday night without Miles or Coltrane. Especially if you're an old soul inside a sonic youth. 
  One step at a...time...Instructions Apparel
 RT  if the commentators are gonna be talkin about the Melo trade all game... you might as well put the TV on mute and blast s ...
 7 tacky things in mens fashion...
 I think the gray is...classy, not to these guys...
 Milan...mens fashion week is under way...
 You don't wear torn underwear underneath a $1,000 suit even though nobody sees your undies. The work nobody sees u do is JUST as important!
 If you'll work like no one is willing too, you'll get to live like no else can either. You gotta bring ass to get ass.
 Funny how as soon as you stop looking for something, it pops up right in your face...
  You braved the cold...kudos!
 As I get older i'm happy just being...me
 Take one day for granted? Naw, not even a chance...Instructions Apparel
 Sometimes I just find the need to read up on a topic that I would normally care less about.  Its good to be...well rounded
  Another classic one is, "He's a nice guy, but..."
  Until the end of the month yes, the code is: humpdaysale
 Today is hump day. The week is halfway over. Do something during the last half of the week to get out your dream. Make it happen. Period.
 Start your day off ...right...
 Light snow in the District, rubber boots on, ready to make the most of the day...Humpday...Instructions Apparel
  Absolutely. Something many take for granted until something eye-opening occurs.
 If you want better, do better.  Get to it.
 RT  The big secret in life is that there is no big secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you're willing to work ...
 RT  Good Morning all! Have a great Tuesday! :)
 Moral victories are for the minor leagues. Be major. All the time.
 Personal fave...blue polka dot tie...versatile and classy 
 RT  RT  CEO Lisa Bruckner tells men what women really want them to wear. 
  Thanks a lot Grant!
 RT  To be successful you have to have heart in your business and your business in your heart-T. Watson.
 Time for sweat therapy...gotta keep things tight...mentally and physically
 Celebrating 700 followers and looking to add many many more...Thank you...Instructions Apparel
 Life is short, find your passion and...maximize it...Instructions Apparel
 Ready for this Championship game tonight. I'm sure ill be counting sheep by halftime
 Lunchtime music therapy...absolutely necessary
 Quitting is the easy thing to do. If it doesn't take hard work, wouldn't everyone be doing it too?
 Just came across some hot$h!t.. 
 Replace "Mad as Hell" with "Motivated" Monday...New week, new goals, new accomplishments...Instructions Apparel
 RT  RT  Redefining the Gentleman for contemporary society. Do manners maketh the man?
  We are currently an online retailer.  Although, if you need to check something out just let me know
 Why men dress nicely...
 Its Monday and I am feeling like Power...Red...
 If it were easy wouldn't everyone be...doing it...Instructions Apparel
  Absolutely!
 One of a...kind...
 New ideas, new followers, new customers, new feedback...newness should never get...old
 Ready to get this week started!  Refreshed and energized from this weekends work
 A few options to add to your closet... Apparel
 Manny Harris is ballin with 23 but Phoenix is still raininggggg these 3's!
 Pain is weakness leaving the body.
 Wonders who's cooler to play for Rex Ryan or Pete Carrol?
 Long day of work = Long night of...play...carpe diem...Instructions Apparel
 Great meeting and planning today with our brand consultant...motivated...Instructions Apparel
 Start your day off right...
  Thanks alot!
 www.theartofdressingwell.com/store/pages/photoshoot
 Sometimes in life we have to stand alone. Shop  so you look good while doing it.
  Absolutely necessary
 More than convinced that every mishap or bad thing that happens in life is teaching me a lesson or setting me up for something even better
 3 more hours...50% off of all merchandise along with a free tie clip...www.theartofdressingwell.com...code is: humpdaysale
 Ohio State is cleaning up on these verbals...Michigan is not in anyones top 3
 Under Armour All-American game...the next NFL stars
 New year, new customers, new followers...newness should never wear off...Instructions Apparel
 Time to work out then back to the office...catch you in a bit tweeps...sweat therapy
 www.theartodressingwell.com  humpdaysale is the word...gets you 50% off all items and a complimentary tie clip...Celebrating Wednesday!
 Miami Heat calling themselves the Heatles...hilarious!
  this guy is impressive!
 Wonders how many people wait to take a lunch break so when they come back its later in the day? Lol
 RT  “Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new” ~Albert Einstein  via 
 Create Your Own American Dream...Instructions Apparel
 RT  "There are 2 great days in a persons life. The Day we were born and the Day we discovered why" ~ William Barclay  &g ...
 www.theartofdressingwell.com Its Wednesday and we are celebrating..50% off along with a free tie clip..epic! Remember the word: humpdaysale
 RT  Good mornin friends. Keep in mind today that...
 RT  love the layering with the jean jacket  
 Tie clips are...essential. Today get 50% off and a complimentary tie clip. Code word: humpdaysale...www.theartofdressingwell.com
 www.theartofdressingwell.com...the word for today; humpdaysale...gets you 50% off all merchandise...epic!
 Don't live for the weekends, celebrate each day...Instructions Apparel
 50% off today...let's celebrate Wednesday! Code is: humpdaysale
 Wednesday...50% off sale starting now until midnight tomorrow.  Free tie clip with each purchase...Epic!  Code is: humpdaysale
 RT  "When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." ~H ...
 Somewhat pocket quarterback, running game, what Umich has been missing...
 Terrelle Pryor should get some reps this spring at receiver...make him more versatile for the NFL
  Nice!
  Stays in those sweater vests
   got it right back though
  Agree
 Gotta love Tressels sweater vest...dude definitely has his own identity...
  He'll have the same draft stock/make the same money this year or next.  Id stay another year and enjoy college.
 Wow!  That was a lucky TD
  Absoloutely...nerves got him
 Take time each day to just think, no cell, tv or  internet...absolutely...necessary
 50% off sale starting now until midnight tomorrow.  Free tie clip with each purchase...Epic!  Code is: humpdaysale
 When you feel like calling it quits, do one  thing...don't...Instructions  Apparel
 Whats your motivation?  Money, daily freedom, saving the world?
 Ready for this Ohio State vs. Arkansas game...love bowl games!
 
 
 
 
 Its almost Wednesday...50% off sale starting now until midnight tomorrow.  Free tie clip with each purchase...Epic!  Code is: humpdaysale
 RT  The Style Guide- Men's Fashion Basics 
 Positive energy is necessary when making positive moves...Instructions Apparel
  Culkin had the nineties on...lock.  Home Alone 3 and 4 weren't hitting that hard
 New Years Resolution is simple...work harder than last year...Instructions Apparel
 Hopefully nobody has broken their New Year's Resolution yet. Happy Monday to all those headed back to the office today.
 You don't get a second chance to make a first impression. Do your part and look the part. 
 Don't wait to next year. Everyday is a chance to make a resolution to do and be better.
 Everybody has that one must have meal that when they go home for the holidays...mines is grandmas cornbread...all world!
 www.theartofdressingwell.com
 Instructions Apparel...always enjoys giving positive words and keeping you...stylish. Absolutely fantastic!
 RT  RT  Life is about who makes it, not who makes it the fastest. Arrive at your destination in style. Sh ...
 As much as the holidays are about the gifts, its the memories that we remember for a lifetime...Instructions Apparel
 Life is about who makes it, not who makes it the fastest. At least arrive at your destination in style. Shop 
 Quiznos lowest calorie sub for lunch. Gotta keep it right until Saturday. Saving up for cookies and egg nog!
 Take advantage of the knowledge around you. On any given day it may come in...handy
 Create Your Own American Dream...Instructions Apparel
 If the meek wanna inherit the Earth, they better get at the end of the effin' line! 
 Two things that people should always want to associate you with: class and hard work.
  Eve, ill be eating/making cookies for Christmas Day
 RT  Looking to wear something other than a cocktail dress to the next holiday party? Check out these outfits for ideas! h ...
 Shirt $32.50 , tie $15.  $50 for an Instructions combination...priceless...Instructions Apparel
 Holiday season brings out the warmth in us all; egg nog, bad eating, presents, nye, couldn't ask for more...Instructions Apparel
 Everything on shelves is 50% off (gasp for breath)...Instructions Apparel sale running until 12/27...epic!
 The same way my dad intro'd me to Marvin Gaye's 'What's Goin On', I'm going to play Kanye's New Album for my son when he's coming up.
 If you haven't done something for someone besides yourself, you ain't done much.
 Do something different today...break the monotony...Instructions Apparel
  all of the lessons learned will make the relationship with the  that much...better
 There's a formula for everything...wants you figure it out, you are...golden. Instructions Apparel
 Jay Cutler's arm...cannon!
  Hill was in a class of her own in the late 90's
 Constructive criticism is...necessary.  Accept it and make the changes where needed...Instructions Apparel
 RT  I cant wait to see 'Little Fockers' lol.
 Wondering if people enjoy getting Christmas cards or people just feel obligated to send them?
 Great meeting tonight...still making the plan...precise.
 Create your own American...Dream...Instructions Apparel
 When the coach is not around, what are you doing to make yourself better. Practice makes...perfect. Instructions Apparel
  Couldn't have said it any better...excellent words.
 In life, hard work always beats talent if talent doesn't work hard. If you're talented AND work hard, like B.I.G said, 
 When passion is involved, the work...never...stops...Instructions Apparel
 Sunday Morning, coffee and breakfast ready...just about ready to start working...Instructions Apparel
 Make the right choice this Holiday Season...Instructions Apparel...
 5 Things to know about Giorgio Armani...
  Lee should have some say so on trades, free agent signings and brand image. Court side seats for 20+ years=ability to give an opinion
  Absolutely...great times with great people!
 Red sweaters, red hats, red socks...a red tie...absolutely necessary...
 Thanks to all of our new followers and customers.  This holiday season has been one for the ages...Instructions Apparel
 50% off until 2 Days after X-Mas...Epic!  Ready...Set...Go! 
 2 Happy Hour Drinks = 1 Instructions Tie...No tip necessary...
 Power Red Instructions Tie and Santa Hat to the office on Friday? Survey says: Two Enthusiastic Thumbs Up!
 RT  RT  big shout out to     for connecting at Monarch ...
 Save the lattes for a couple of days and get...Instructions... off
 Candle, vino, view of the city covered in snow...some of the best things in life are...free...Instructions Apparel
  TNT in 3 minutes Clarence
 When is snows in the District, people go...crazy!
 Glad to be a part of a winning, passionate team.  Some things just can't be done...alone...Instructions Apparel
  We are in Washington DC
 Relaxing night at home this evening, snow is so beautiful from the indoors
  Not necessarily, gateway is a solid buy.
 RT  RT  Luck is a function of preparation meeting opportunity. Do something today to make your own luck!
 Luck is a function of preparation meeting opportunity. Do something today to make your own luck!
 Black or gray slacks, black shoes, tie clip,  through the holidays...$15...Instructions Apparel
 Pink shirt, , gray slacks, black shoes, tie clip...Instructions Apparel
 50% off of everything...ready...set...go www.theartofdressingwell.com/store/
 Its Thursday, I'm going Polka...Dot...
  Mac?
 Take nothing for granted...anything can be taken away from you...Instructions Apparel
 Thanks to model  our photos from the shoot turned out....epic!
 When you feel like giving up, dig deep and give it one more push.  Don't...let go of your...dreams...Instructions Apparel
 Today's Temperature in DC: Witch's Titty.
 I listened to  new album. I'm definitely on the last train to Paris. That album is so 3010. Bananas. Go get that!
 Today is the tomorrow that you were so worried about yesterday. 
 Work everyday to make sure that the best of your yesterdays is the worse of your tomorrows.
 Rise and grind! At 8 am, the day is halfway over! :)
 Nobody believes you're a tough guy. Especially in a (Non-Instructions) shirt and tie. 
 Even a broken clock is right even twice a day. Get up, get out, and get something.
 Today is the tomorrow you were so worried about. Stay thirsty for success!
 Christmas just isn't Christmas without snow. Last I checked, Santa aint wear a tank top and shorts.
 Wearing a Santa Hat with my Instructions Shirt/Tie
 Thank  for stopping by our Holiday Bar & Bazaar at  Check out the pics here! 
 Thanks  and  for the great night...carpe...diem...Instructions Apparel
 Showing the love to all those that came out tonight.  Thanks  and DivaStateMind for the shout outs!  Epic evening!
 Thanks to everyone who came out tonight. Great times.
 Join us right NOW. 2030 M Street  Lounge. 50% of ALL shirts and Ties. 
 Thankful to be able to follow my dreams and passion, take a risk and just do it...Instructions Apparel
 Thanking all of our followers and supporters this holiday season...Instructions Apparel
 Everybody dies but not everybody lives...seize the day...Instructions Apparel
 Holiday sale starts...now...www.theartofdressingwell.com
  Haha...thanks you for the follow as well.  Hope we can lend a helping hand!
  No problem!  We offer mens shirts and ties for the active professional.  Giving a little...Instruction...along the way.
 RT  Never let lack of money interfere with having fun ~ Unknown
 If you are outside in this 25 degree weather...
 Shirts and ties for the holidays...sale...starts...midnight: www.theartofdressingwell.com
  is to not take one...day...for...granted...Instructions Apparel
  is to spread my passion for life with others, while learning something along the way...Instructions Apparel
 Daily relaxation is good for the soul...shut down the lights, light a candle, look out of the window...therapeutic...Instructions Apparel
 Keep yourself in the presence of positive people with positive...energy...Instructions Apparel
 Not sure what the number thing is today but I do know that 12/8  is...going down...rsvp: theartofdressingwellevents
 RT  Get fab men's clothes from Instructions Apparel ( while supporting a great cause! DC Event Dec 8 http ...
 RT  Get fab men's clothes from Instructions Apparel while supporting a great cause! DC Event Dec 8 
 Thanks  for the write-up on our upcoming Holiday Bar & Bazaar with  See you on Wednesday! 
 Great morning, finishing up last minute details for 12/8. Coffee has me hyped! RSVP details at www.theartofdressingwell.com
 Holiday Bazarr with  at  on 12/8/10.  RSVP asap...www.theartofdressingwell.com
 Gotta love the holiday season..brings together family and friends, memories are restored and most importantly created...Instructions Apparel
 Men want clothes...more than gadgets... Apparel has you covered
 Breakdown of fashion by age group...I like...
 Excited to showcase Instructions Apparel on 12/8/10   December just got even...better!
   Thanks!  We appreciate your warm welcome
 Instructions Apparel Holiday Bar & Bazaar on 12/8/10  supporting 
  Yes we are.  DM me for more details.  Thanks!
 Thanks Keri! RT  You're Invited: Instructions Apparel Holiday Bar & Bazaar    
 All the "Home Alones" aired today.  I must say that "Home Alone" 3 and 4 were just...not the same
  and success go hand-in-hand...Instructions Apparel
  Yup!  They stood by it tonight...that hurt!
  Up by 3 with 2 minutes left.  Perimeter D, protect the paint, take open shots,  they may be good!
 The holidays are about family.  Make the most of the time that you have with them...Instructions Apparel
 Come on  hang in there for 2 more minutes!
 Congratulations  you are our Thanksgiving Giveaway Winner. Send an email to customercare
 We are taking entries until 2:30. Tell us our what you're thankful for to win a free shirt & tie combo!
 RT   most thankful to know,hear and have a relationship with Christ
 What are you most thankful for this year? Tell us to win a shirt & tie combo of your choice. Winner picked at 2pm!
 In for the eve...work hard, sleep harder...Instructions Apparel
 Wear Instructions Apparel Responsibly...
 RT  Never fear Failure.."The only person that never makes mistakes is the one  who never tries anything!" 
  the simple things in life; days off, a cool breeze, spending time with the ones you love...don't over complicate..Instructions Apparel
 Basketball break...Rudy Gay's game winning shot against the  
 Sunday...I   suit, white pocket square, tie clip, black shoes...Instructions Apparel
  of the day, "Are tie-clips back in style?" Absolutelyyyy...Instructions Apparel
 Instructions thanks our new customers in  and   Retail ready and stopping for...no one...Instructions Apparel
 Dream big, work hard, embrace your passion...Instructions Apparel 
   Trendy look for a trendy guy...Instructions Apparel 
    solid suit, pocket square with silver, tie clip, black shoes...Instructions Apparel
   Apparel
 Positive energy around you is imperative...the negative will...bring you down... Instructions Apparel
 You can be anything you want in this world, but be prepared to work your $%$ off for it...Instructions Apparel
 Live hard...love hard...work hard...Instructions Apparel
 Need a model in the District, I definitely refer   Professional, punctual, experienced...A+ service
 Epic...Instructions Apparel 
 
 Shout out to  for a great shoot today.  Print or runway...hes...your...guy
 Instructions Spring Shoot done...epic.  sneak peak 
  suit, pocket square with white, tie clip, black shoes...Instructions Apparel
 College hoops, College Football, NFL, NBA, brisk weather...Priceless!
 Pants made for Thanksgiving dinner... Classic!
  Thanks Rich, excellent article.
 Celebrating with Pamelas Punch...Happy Anniversary!
 Work hard...sleep harder...Instructions Apparel
 Great partners meeting tonight...Instructions Apparel
 Alright, its game time, its what makes Monday so great...Skins vs. Eagles...Instructions Apparel
 Pink and paisley...A+++...
 Personal fave here...goes with red stripe shirt, light blue w/ white collar or navy check...
 RT  The older you get, the more you look like yourself - Cornel West
 Too many choices...ill just give you 2...Instructions Apparel 
 There's only one way to live each day...like its your last...Instructions Apparel
 Can you go wrong with any...of...these...three...Instructions Apparel 
  Thank you for the positive words, we appreciate it....Instructions Apparel
 Wear with a grey pinstripe suit and a pocket square with lavender...Instructions Apparel
 Monday option number...2...
 RT  Life is not living for what you hope will be it is enjoying what is.
 Thank you to all of our new customers in the month of November...Instructions Apparel
 When you feel like giving up...keep...pushing
 Find your passion...make it work for you...Instructions Apparel
 Gucci Loafers with no socks...a personal fave...Instructions Apparel 
 Monday combination...I suggest...stripes... 
 RT  Art, Jazz & Ambrosia Young Benefactors Group Fundraiser!!      ...
  Agree!
 RT  Dropping Your Phone, Hurts Your Soul.
 Retail ready and stopping for...you got it, NO ONE...Instructions Apparel
 11/20 Spring Line photo shoot...Yesss...Instructions Apparel
 Creating your own destiny is a must, for it wont be created for you...Instructions Apparel
 Montreal for business...always make time for pleasure...Instructions Apparel
 Lunch time...looking up at the clouds...Instructions Apparel
 Its Autumn, but i'm feeling springy...Lavender...
 Creat Your Own American Dream...Instructions Apparel 
 Simple but bold...
 If you want it, go get it, it wont come knocking at your door...Instructions Apparel
 Obamas Ivy League attire attire...
 A sneak peak of the new collection...as good as advertising...Instructions Apparel 
 Good luck, nice to meet you, talk to you soon, how have you been...cliche...Instructions Apparel...nuance
 Time waits for...NO one...make each day count...Instructions Apparel
 What moves you...money, power, family, thrill of the chase...determine whats most important to you and give it 110%...Instructions Apparel
 Its Friday, lets do gray and pink paisley tie with a pink pocket square...oh yess...Instructions Apparel 
 Its Friday...go somewhere new for lunch, take a different way home from work...do something different...Instructions Apparel
 Minimum effort produces minimum results, if you do it, give 110% everytime...Instructions Apparel
 Wear this, not that...
 Its Thursday, i'm going green...gray suit, pink pocket square, tie clip of course and...black shoes...Instructions 
 Dream big, work harder to make it a reality...ready to take on all that Thursday has in store...Instructions Apparel
 Rainy in the District...perfect sleeping weather.  Work hard, sleep harder...Instructions Apparel
  Aghhhh...What are the popular tie styles there in Atlanta?  Paisley, plaid, stripes?
  with you on the church's...
  100% agree.  Black shoes are must but the browns are just as imperative, especially when adding that extra flair.
 A dark suit with brown shoes always adds a little something extra to the ensemble...Instructions Apparel 
 Its Wednesday, if you didn't do anything different this week...tomorrow is the day...Instructions Apparel
 Instructions is retail ready and stopping for...you guessed it...no one!
 Women like their men in red...Instructions knew that...
 Instructions photo spring line photo shoot...11/20...better than advertised...
 Always intrigued by unique garb, for both men and women...a large part of style is...confidence...Instructions Apparel
 Want to get better at something...practice, its not just for sports...Instructions Apparel
 RT  Movember is here - grow your moustache for a good cause! 
 Scruffy for a cause...
 Don't wait for a special occasion to celebrate...sieze the day...Instructions Apparel
 Work, meetings, conference calls, sales calls...ready for what the day has in store...work hard, play harder (later)...Instructions Apparel
 FYI, its just as good as advertised...
 Celebrate the small things in life; waking to enjoy another day, being in good health, having a place to call home...Instructions Apparel
 Another day in books...work hard, sleep harder...Instructions Apparel
 While we are on the topic of Burgundy...classic Instructions combo... 
 Doing what you love will never feel like work...find your passion...Instructions Apparel
 Wednesday, I like the RICH burgundy...Hump day...Instructions Apparel 
 Love shoes, but $38K....Hmmmm...
 RT  Mens Fashion... A Great Fall Shoe For Men - I love this shoe. It's a rich, chocolate brown with just a touch of cont... ...
 Be original, be a trend-setter, you'll be a winner everytime...Instructions Apparel
 Taking it in for the evening...work hard, sleep harder...Instructions Apparel
 From the days of dressing for Sunday school, men love to dress up 
 RT  A slice of pie and a glass of wine... Good night
  haha...yessirrr, we had Matt looking crispy!
 Shouts out to all of the San Francisco Giant fans out there...epic...Instructions Apparel
 RT  Pants of the Day: Stephen Colbert's Star-Spangled Legs 
 RT  Men's Fashion Tips For a First Date | Education Review: When it comes to choosing clothing for an event, most men ...  ...
 Mad Men trend, celebrate...
 Yup, as great as advertised...
 Travel lightly, but with style...
 Don't take one day for granted, the next is not promised...make each one count...Instructions Apparel
 Tuesday, I'm going conservative...also, have to show some maize and blue support...Instructions Apparel 
  Thanks for checking us out!  We appreciate your positive words...Instructions Apparel
 Great meetings this weekend!  Monday...hmmm, gonna go conservative, white shirt, red tie, navy suit, black shoes.. 
 Wanna do a little more...here you go; Black shoes, black watch silver tie clip...A+++ 
 Its Friday, I like slide 8; brown shoes, brown watch, silver tie clip...
 Started as a workday, now its the weekend...don't go straight home, enjoy the rest of Friday...Instructions Apparel
 Fri. = casual attire..., no tie, dark blue jeans, brown shoes
 Lights out....work hard, sleep harder...Instructions Apparel
 Great t-shirts showing positivity for the city of Detroit...gotta show love...www.imaganationstore.com
 Want something, got get it...it won't come knocking at your door...Instructions Apparel
 Obama gets a fashion nod...
 Good example right here... 
  Oh no, clip on ties are a no-no...tie clips are essential in my book
