 Learn to build a plastic boat! On Wednesday, August 3, Dr. Marcus Eriksen will share hints for building your own... 
 In this week's post on the "Simple & Sustainable" blog, learn more about how making a rain barrel can save you... 
 I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "Balto Interactive Display" 
 Another glimpse of the animals in our wildlife center. This raccoon was taking a shady rest yesterday! 
 There are two new baby skunks in the Perkins Wildlife Center! Their names are Willow and Lilac. They will be... 
 It's Summer Show & Tell today in the Smead Discovery Center, beginning at 2:30pm. Today, learn how you can make a... 
 Don't miss another great Creature Feature video, this time featuring the red-tailed hawk. A magnificent bird! 
 The Climate Change exhibit is OPEN! Check out this story on Cleveland.com about the exhibit, including a brief... 
 Check out this gallery of photos taken by an astronaut aboard the International Space Station as the space shuttle... 
 Check out this gallery of photos taken by an astronaut on the space shuttle Atlantis as it re-entered Earth's... 
 Climate Change opens TOMORROW, July 23 at The Cleveland Museum of Natural History. Explore the science behind this... 
 Explore Pennsylvania's "gorgeous gorges" from 8/26 to 8/28. Museum naturalists will lead this 2-day adventure to... 
 Climate Change is coming...get a sneak peek here: 
 Prominent theoretical cosmologist Sean Carroll chose "Einstein's Telescope," by CMNH Executive Director & CEO Dr.... 
 It's hot outside, but the PNC SmartHome is a cool and comfortable 70 degrees inside! A perfect day to take a... 
 This story discusses creative storm water management techniques. The PNC SmartHome's storm water management... 
 CMNH has a new blog called "Simple & Sustainable." Click the link to read the last few posts on simple steps you... 
 These Junior Medical Campers had a great time this summer. There are still a VERY few spots left for JMC2, August... 
 There have been reports of wolf and mountain lion sightings in areas of Northeast Ohio. Have you ever seen any... 
 Mark your calendars for August 3, when Dr. Marcus Eriksen, director of project development for the Algalita... 
 Check out this story on the upcoming PNC SmartHome Art Tours July 20 and August 17! You can register for the art... 
 The Cleveland Museum of Natural History has partnered with several other local arts and cultural organizations on... 
 Tune into WCPN 90.3 for "Around Noon" today, when CMNH Director of Wildlife Resources Harvey Webster will discuss... 
 Three girls from the US won the top prizes in the Google kids science fair! Science education is important - and... 
 The Museum's Mueller Observatory houses a 10 1/2 inch refracting telescope built by Cleveland's Warner & Swasey... 
 On Wednesday July 20 and Wednesday August 17, you can take a specially guided art tour of the PNC SmartHome.... 
 This is a great opportunity for someone! The Museum's Wildlife Resources department is looking for interns. These... 
 I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "Coral inside Climate Change Exhibit" 
 Did you watch the shuttle launch? Do you remember the first shuttle launch in April 1981? Have you ever seen a... 
 You can watch the launch of the space shuttle Atlantis live at this link. 
 Come on over! There is still time to visit the Museum FREE today until 5pm. A great time to play in the Discovery... 
 I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "Discovery Center Geology Program" 
 I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "Climate Change Exhibit Sneak Peek" 
 Don't forget there's a Target Free First Thursday Afternoon THIS week - Thursday, July 7! Free admission at CMNH from 1pm - 5pm.
 Did you see the International Space Station last night? Tell us!
 Look up! According to CMNH Observatory Coordinator Clyde Simpson, tonight may be the best passage of the... 
 Check out the mention of this great upcoming trip on Cleveland.com today. Want to go? Call 216-231-4600 ext. 3505... 
 Lots going on at the Museum tomorrow, including a home improvement workshop featuring rain barrels and rain... 
 Don't forget: The Museum will be CLOSED next Monday, July 4 - but Thursday, July 7 is a Target Free First... 
 Very limited spots still available for this great trip to Cedar Bog State Nature Preserve! Cedar Bog is known for... 
 Here's a sneak peek at the next Creature Feature video: the red-tailed hawk! 
 The Little Builders is exhibit is already very busy this morning. Kids 2 to 7 will love this interactive exhibit... 
 Yesterday, CMNH Curator of Botany & Director of Conservation Dr. Jim Bissell received the 2011 John C. Oliver... 
 RT  Check it out tonight! RT  Foursquare users: You can check in at the PNC SmartHome when you come for a tour! /via  ...
 RT  Marveling at   event in Cleveland that featured a 90% more efficient home! 
 RT  New exhibit at  shows how energy-efficient home designs can save up to 90% on energy bills 
 Wildlife center wish list: The Perkins Wildlife Center relies on donations to help care for the animals at the... 
 PNC SmartHome Cleveland is everywhere! This article appeared in the Kansas City Star yesterday. 
 Foursquare users: You can check in at the PNC SmartHome when you come for a tour!
 What a great day to visit CMNH! Explore the Perkins Wildlife Center and stick around for a tour of PNC SmartHome Cleveland.
 Come to "An UnNatural Affair - Havana Happy Hour" Friday, June 17 from 6:00 pm to 10:00 pm. Join the Museum's... 
 Who attended Parade the Circle this weekend? What was your favorite thing at the event?
 Parade the Circle today! Here are some CMNH "chicks" getting ready for the big event. 
 Help us reach 10,000 fans on Facebook this summer! Spread the word about CMNH online: 
 It's going to be an exciting summer at CMNH! Our goal is to reach 10,000 Facebook fans, so recommend us to your... 
 Learn more about the sustainable and locally sourced art inside PNC SmartHome Cleveland at The Cleveland Museum of... 
 Get a peek at one of the fledgling peregrine falcons at the Terminal Tower in this video. Keep up with the falcons... 
 RT   Congrats on the debut of PNC SmartHome  at The Cleveland Museum of Natural History!The house is amazing and a  ...
  : Thank you!
 RT   Congrats on the opening of the SmartHome!
 RT  Check out the PNC SmartHome Cleveland at The Cleveland Museum of Natural History! 
 RT   We can't wait to check it out on a field trip this summer!
 RT  RT correcting tag: Congrats to one of Cleveland's many gems  on opening of the SmartHouse... 
 RT  Loving the  PNC SmartHome, and can't wait for the tour! First Passive House in Northeast Ohio, only public Pas ...
 RT  Headed off to the ribbon-cutting for the innovative PNC SmartHome at 
 RT  Today is the Grand Opening of the  PNC SmartHome Cleveland!  
 A few pictures from the opening of PNC SmartHome Cleveland at The Cleveland Museum of Natural History! 
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "PNC SmartHome Cleveland - Grand Opening!" 
 Employers and managers! Looking to create or improve a wellness program? Tomorrow is the FINAL DAY to register... 
 Free admission to the Museum after 1pm today! It's a Target Free First Thursday Afternoon.
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "PNC SmartHome Cleveland - Close to completion!" 
 Tomorrow is a Target Free First Thursday Afternoon at CMNH! Free admission from 1pm-5pm. Come and check out the... 
 Interested in learning best practices for keeping employees healthy? Register for the upcoming Wellness 
 Come on down and visit CMNH staff at the NEOHCC Hispanic Business Expo! All are welcome at this networking event... 
 Learn more about the peregrine falcon with CMNH wildlife specialist Melissa Terwilliger! 
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "CMNH Big Day Spring Migration Field Trip" 
 Video of the ducklings (and mama) in the courtyard at The Cleveland Museum of Natural History. Come and visit us... 
 I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Ducklings!" 
 Great opportunity for an educator! The Museum is hiring a full-time, seasonal instructor for our popular Junior... 
 I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "Banding peregrine falcon chicks, 2011" 
 The Cleveland Museum of Natural History has an opening for a Marketing Intern. This is a volunteer position.... 
 If you missed Wildlife Resources Director Harvey Webster on "Around Noon" yesterday, listen here! 
 Only TWO spots left for this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity: exploring forests, coastlines and tide pools in... 
 We need your input! Part of our summer exhibit "Climate Change" will focus on local initiatives for reducing our... 
 On Wednesday, 5/11, Dr. Lawrence Berman of the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston will discuss "A Complete Cosmos: The... 
 This afternoon from 1 to 5pm, you can visit the Museum for FREE! It's a Target Free First Thursday Afternoon.... 
 It's that time again: Don't forget to take part in The Museum's Native Plant Sale! This sale is offered only to... 
 More video of PNC SmartHome Cleveland construction! 
 Attention Future Scientists alums! The Future Scientists program at CMNH will celebrate its 50th anniversary in... 
 Today is the 226th birthday of John James Audubon - The Cleveland Museum of Natural History's Harold T. Clark... 
 Tomorrow, 7pm at The Cleveland Museum of Natural History: In recognition of Earth Day, join panelists David Beach,... 
 Help us build our next exhibit! Part of our summer exhibit "Climate Change" will focus on local initiatives for... 
 Are you visiting the Cleveland Clinic Earth Day Expo today? Stop by the Cleveland Museum of Natural History's... 
 New video! Learn a little bit about Bob and Bitty Kitty, the bobcats who live in the Perkins Wildlife Center at... 
 More time-lapse video of the PNC SmartHome Cleveland being constructed on the grounds of The Cleveland Museum of... 
 Help us build our next exhibit! Part of our summer exhibit "Climate Change" will focus on local initiatives for... 
 Check out this new video of raccoons at the Museum's Perkins Wildlife Center. It's snack time! 
 I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "CMNH Student Naturalists & Spotted Salamanders" 
 Great opportunity for high school-age youth: Acadia National Park Camping Adventure! A once-in-a-lifetime... 
 Interesting in helping the wild residents of the Museum's Perkins Wildlife Center? You can donate much-needed... 
 I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "PNC SmartHome Cleveland Construction - April 6, 2011" 
 The Cleveland Museum of Natural History is hiring a coordinator for PNC SmartHome Cleveland. This is a full-time,... 
 The March 11 earthquake and tsunami in Japan caused major damage to nuclear reactors, which is still raising... 
 Have you entered the Extreme Mammals photo contest? Click the link for more details and a coupon good for... 
 Ready for a free afternoon at the Museum? This Thursday, April 7, admission to the Museum is FREE from 1pm until... 
 Learn about a rainbow of birds! Designed for kids in grades 1 through 4 and their parents, "Color the Sky with... 
 Did anyone attend the camp-in on Friday? Tell us about your favorite activity of the night!
 Tonight, Museum members will be having fun at the "Extreme Overnight" camp-in! To get access to unique events like... 
 Watch time-lapse video of the early phases of SmartHome Cleveland construction on the grounds of The Cleveland... 
 LAST CHANCE: Registration for the members-only Extreme Overnight Camp-In ends Wednesday, 3/23 at 5pm. Don't miss... 
 THE DATE IS SET for the Amphibian Alert! Join Museum staff for the amphibian migration at Mentor Marsh State... 
  : Thanks for visiting! You had a prime view of the SmartHome construction!
 Construction is underway on SmartHome Cleveland at CMNH! Stay tuned for many more updates, pictures and video as... 
 Today is Picture A Museum Day on Flickr! Visit CMNH today and add your pictures to the  group on... 
 View a video of Museum curator of archaeology Dr. Brian Redmond, who will speak Wednesday, April 6 about current... 
 Amphibian alert! Register now for notification of an amphibian migration at Mentor Marsh State Nature Preserve.... 
 FRIDAY, 3/18: Don't miss the next Explorer Series Lecture! Paleontologist Dr. Daniel C. Fisher discusses... 
 TONIGHT at 7:30 pm: The Cleveland Archaeological Society presents "Magic and Religion in Ancient Corinth." Free... 
 Don't miss Frontiers of Astronomy this week! On Thursday, 3/10, Dr. Elizabeth J. Barton from the University of... 
 Register now for the Members Only Camp In! 
 Come to "Members Only Museum Camp In: Extreme Overnight" Friday, March 25 from 7:00 pm to 10:00 pm. Explore... 
 Come to "Trout Club Dinner Meeting" Wednesday, March 16 from 6:00 pm to 9:00 pm. Enjoy fishing? Know someone who... 
 Educators! Register today for upcoming workshops at the Museum's Science Resource Center. Flying WILD Educator... 
 TONIGHT at 7pm! The Curator's Forum lecture series continues with Dr. N'omi Greber, Curator of Archaeology. She... 
 Visit us on Thursday...free! This Thursday, March 3, is a Target Free First Thursday.
 FYI to anyone visiting us today: MLK Blvd is still closed from I-90 to University Circle, so please consider an alternate route.
 The Cleveland Museum of Natural History will be closed today, February 25, due to severe weather.
 New photos! Check out these pictures of CMNH Wildlife Specialist Joe Dell'Anno working with bobcats Bob and Bitty... 
 Curator's Forum kicks off tonight! Dr. David Saja will discuss "California and the Pacific Collide: Folding Rock... 
 Visit an opossum this morning here in the Museum's Discovery Center. Today is also a great day to enjoy a... 
 Spend part of your long weekend at the Museum! Little ones can meet a biologist in the Discovery Center on Monday.... 
 Looking forward to doing some filming with our bobcats next week! We can't wait to share what Bitty and Bob are up to.
 Interested in joining the Museum's Trout Club? Plan to attend the March 16 dinner meeting for just $5. Guest... 
 It's a nice day for a stroll through the Perkins Wildlife Center - there are a few hours left to visit the... 
 Hard to believe it's time to start thinking about spring break! The Cleveland Museum of Natural History's Spring... 
 Members: This year's Museum Camp-In will be held Friday 3/25 - Saturday 3/26. Bring your sleeping bag and get... 
 The Explorer Lecture Series continues this Friday with Dr. Chris Lintott, presenting "The Science of Galaxy Zoo:... 
 Educators: Think spring! Register for Flying WILD to learn about migratory birds and their conservation needs, as... 
 Attention parents & scout leaders! Saturday, February 19 is Scout Day at the Museum. Don't miss this opportunity... 
 Get ready to Mambo with Mammals next Saturday, 2/19, at the Museum. Pizza, snacks, tours of the Extreme Mammals... 
 Have you been playing in the snow? The otters here at the Museum took a few minutes to enjoy their snowy habitat... 
 Learn more about the upcoming "Climate Change" exhibit in this month's issue of CBC Magazine, featuring CMNH... 
 The Curator's Forum series kicks off this month with Dr. David Saja, Curator of Mineralogy. Learn about the plate... 
 RT  Our February issue is out!  This month's cover features  Executive Director & CEO, Evalyn Gates. 
 Last year's Dino-Dance party was a huge hit. On Saturday, 2/19, you can mambo with mammals! This fun and... 
 It's cold but sunny, and the Museum is OPEN today! Come and visit us.
 Due to severe weather, the Museum will be closed today, February 2, 2011.
  : We're glad you came to visit! Thank you!
 Registration for summer camps at The Cleveland Museum of Natural History opens TOMORROW, February 1, at 9 AM.... 
 Groundhog Fun-day is coming up this Saturday, 1/29, from 11am to 4pm here at the Museum. See Lake Erie Eddie and... 
 It's that time again! Bring your old timepieces to the Museum for Clock Day on Saturday, 2/5 and find out if... 
 RT  Monsters game tonight! Still time to buy tix to support  Tix as low as $16: www.theqarena.com/groups/cmnhlemMail
 A story from WKSU about the Museum's SmartHome, on exhibit this summer. 
 RT  RT  Stories of how Cleveland Conserves: Each New Year brings a resolution to improve.. 
 CMNH is building a house! SmartHome Cleveland will be about 90% more energy efficient than a typical house - and... 
 We're hard at work putting together some exciting things for this summer and beyond! What kind of exhibits would you like to see someday?
 Families are welcome at the Museum's annual Groundhog Day Hike on February 2 from 10 am to noon. Register today! 
  : Such a great exhibit. Glad you had fun, join us next month for Let's Get Active!
 Thanks to everyone who came out today! We had a great time!
 Who's visited the Museum today? What was your favorite display or exhibit?
 Lots of activity at the Museum already this morning...many tables of neat items to see and learn about...lots of... 
 If you don't have work or school on Monday, January 17, visit us for Discovery Day. Admission is FREE and parking is $5 for the day.
  : Thanks! That's our goal. Here's a rundown of some of the activities for Saturday! 
  : Great! We look forward to seeing you. We love our young visitors...there will be lots to see and do.
  : Thank you, and thank *you* for watching!
 Get ready for some Groundhog Day fun at Groundhog Fun-day, Saturday January 29 at The Cleveland Museum of Natural... 
 Curious about the effect of road salt on native plants? In this video from WKYC TV3, Museum curator Jim Bissell... 
 Been hearing about changes to your astrological sign? View this Fox 8 video for some scientific perspective from... 
 Want a quick history lesson? Look back at the Museum's 90 years of discovery in this short video. 
 Another picture of Eddie, the groundhog. Meet him here at the Museum on Groundhog Fun-day on Saturday, January 29... 
 Here's a picture of Eddie, the Museum's groundhog, in milder weather than what we're experiencing today. 
 Doing some filming today with our groundhog, Eddie, and the Museum's wildlife resources staff. Stay tuned to learn... 
 Join us at the Museum store for the Read! Soar! Explore! book club next Wednesday, January 19 from 4-7 pm. Get... 
 Who visited us for Target Free Day today? What exhibits did you see?
 RT  Cavs partner w/  in honor of Extreme Mammals exhibit. Might call Varejao an extreme mammal... 
 You have two opportunities to visit the Museum free of charge this month! Tomorrow, January 6, is Target Free... 
 Start 2011 on a high note with a visit to the Museum...free! Thursday, January 6 is Target Free First Thursday,... 
 Have a break from work and school? Visit the Museum this week!
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "December 21, 2010" 
 Still shopping? Consider giving a gift membership to the Cleveland Museum of Natural History. Call 216-231-4600 or... 
 Tune in to WCPN 90.3 right about now to hear CMNH director of wildlife resources Harvey Webster discuss activities... 
 Paleontologist Dr. Darin Croft appears this week at The Cleveland Museum of Natural History as part of the... 
 The Cleveland Museum of Natural History is CLOSED today, Monday December 13, due to severe weather.
 The Museum's Explorer Lecture Series continues next Friday, 12/17, with paleontologist Dr. Darin Croft! 
 Frontiers of Astronomy tonight! Free and open to the public. 
 Watch Museum curator Dr. Michael Ryan discuss the Koreaceratops! 
 Dr. Michael Ryan, curator and head of Vertebrate Paleontology at the Museum, discusses his role in the exciting... 
 RT  It's cold outside, but it's Free First Thurs  Spend a lovely day learning naturally historical awesomeness.
 Free admission at the Museum today! Target Free First Thursday is a great time to visit us.
 Is your company healthy? Get the recognition you deserve in the Wellness Awards. Deadline EXTENDED to 12/17/10! 
 Do you work for a healthy company? Enter Wellness Deadline extended to 12/17! 
 Getting ready for a big week at the Museum...Thursday, December 2 is a Target Free First Thursday with FREE admission!
 A reminder: The Cleveland Museum of Natural History is closed tomorrow, Thanksgiving Day. We will be open Friday,... 
 The Museum will be open Thanksgiving weekend! Friday 11/26, Saturday 11/27 and Sunday 11/28. Visit us with the whole family!
 CMNH Research Associate Dr. Darin Croft and Director of Wildlife Resources Harvey Webster will be interviewed live... 
 Teachers: Learn activities that will help you teach students about the science of climate change. We will discuss... 
 Teachers: Learn activities that will help you teach students about the science of climate change. We will discuss... 
 TONIGHT at 7:30pm: The Explorer Lecture Series continues with Dr. Ryan W. McEwan, environmental ecologist and... 
 Tonight's Frontiers of Astronomy event is free and open to the public! Featured speaker is Dr. Charles Lada of the... 
 New video! Join Dr. Darin Croft of CMNH and Case Western Reserve University for a quick tour of Extreme Mammals. 
 Tomorrow at 7:30pm, join CMNH for a screening of "No Impact Man," free with Museum admission. For more information... 
 Tonight: Don't miss out on a screening of "No Impact Man" at 7:30pm, free with Museum admission. Learn more about... 
 Welcoming lots of school groups today! Did your class visit the Museum when you were in school?
 Reminder: The Museum Store is closed today to prepare for tomorrow's Morning Lark shopping event! Details at the... 
 Have you seen the new colony of naked mole rats in the Extreme Mammals exhibit? Yesterday the colony welcomed new... 
 Did you know? Wild boar and feral pigs have been spotted in Ashtabula County. Tonight's Audobon Society program is... 
 The News-Herald featured an article and short video about the Extreme Mammals exhibit on Saturday, November 6.... 
 Have you stopped by to visit Indricotherium yet? This ancient relative of the rhinoceros was the largest mammal to... 
 It's Monday and Extreme Mammals is OPEN!
  : The dinos are fun for all ages - lots to see. There are plenty of activities in the Discovery Center, geared to little ones!
  : No RSVP is necessary. We hope you can join us!
 Who's planning on checking out the opening of Extreme Mammals, TOMORROW at CMNH? We're excited to share this... 
 Today is a FREE ADMISSION day at The Cleveland Museum of Natural History! It's a great day to visit us.
 Just got a glimpse of the naked mole rats that will be on display in the Extreme Mammals exhibit opening Saturday.... 
 Did you know? The smallest extinct mammal ever is the Batodonoides, which weighed less than 1/20 of an ounce -... 
 I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "CMNH Owl Banding" 
 CMNH is hiring: Click the link below for more info on the position of Climate Change Resource Specialist. 
 Don't forget that this Thursday, November 4, is a FREE admission day at CMNH!
 Check in on the progress of set-up for the Extreme Mammals exhibit, opening THIS SATURDAY, November 6! 
 Check out our Owls & Howls Kidcam for a kid's perspective on CMNH's children's Halloween party. 
 Are you ready for Bones, Bugs & Dead Animals? Join the Nature League for the city's best costume contest and... 
 Tomorrow night the Museum's Explorer Lecture Series features Mentor native Katie Spotz, who early this year became... 
 We do, and his name is...Radar! RT  Can't believe I missed this!  has a new barn owl! 
 The results are in...our new barn owl's name is Radar, which garnered 39% of the popular vote. Thanks to everyone... 
 Interested in
 Interested in fantastic travel opportunities? Come to the travel preview night TONIGHT at the Cleveland Metroparks... 
 I posted 12 photos on Facebook in the album "Owls & Howls Children's Halloween Party" 
 Whooooo came out to Owls & Howls on Saturday afternoon?
 To get the latest updates on the night sky & planetarium programs at  follow 
 RT  Going to  to pick up pumpkins for tomorrow's  event at 
 Keep up with the Shafran Planetarium and astronomy programming at CMNH via Twitter! 
 CMNH is excited to introduce our first Creature Feature, starring the black rat snake! Director of Wildlife... 
 Another sneak peek at how we assemble a major exhibit at CMNH. Extreme Mammals opens November 6! 
 FYI: There is no Cleveland Geological Society meeting tonight at the Museum. Meetings will resume next month as usual!
 RT  Owls and Howls  this Saturday from 11am - 4pm:  via 
  : Great idea - will pass this along. I am sure others are having the same experience!
 CMNH staff are moving in the last of the crates for Extreme Mammals - we'll have more behind-the-scenes video soon! 
 Ever wonder what it takes to create a huge exhibit at CMNH? Get a sneak peek of the behind-the-scenes set-up for... 
  : Sorry to get you such a late answer! On free days, admission is free until the Museum closes at 5pm. Join us on Nov. 4!
 Looking for a late autumn adventure? Check out CMNH travel programs, like the upcoming Sandhill Crane... 
 Plan your CMNH visit by taking our virtual tour, now online. If you're out of town, this is a great way to pay us... 
 CMNH's Natural History of Food series kicks off with The Natural History of Pumpkins & Squash, 11/6. This event... 
 Get a sneak peek at Disease Detectives, now open at The Cleveland Museum of Natural History! 
 Saturday is Earth Science, Archaeology and Astronomy Day at the Museum. Visit us for special hands-on activities... 
 Come to "Bones, Bugs & Dead Animals - The Nature League Halloween Party" Saturday, October 30 from 8:00 pm to... 
 Have you solved the mystery yet? Sharpen your sleuthing skills at the Disease Detectives exhibit! The exhibit is... 
 Free admission at the Museum today! Come and visit us!
 Busy tomorrow? It's Target Free First Thursday at The Cleveland Museum of Natural History. Free admission!
 Curious about snakes? Join Museum educators for Snakes on a Saturday! Celebrate these mythologized & misunderstood... 
 Listen to an interview with CMNH Executive Director & CEO Dr. Evalyn Gates, which aired yesterday on 89.7 WKSU. 
 RT  Evalyn Gates '80 Creates a New Type of Natural History Museum  
 There's still limited space available for next Wednesday evening's Teacher Workshop, "Portable Planetarium... 
 The Explorer Lecture Series kicks off TONIGHT! The featured speaker is the Museum's Executive Director and CEO,... 
 Big trucks unloading at the Museum today in anticipation of the Extreme Mammals exhibit, opening November 6. In... 
 Don't pass up a special chance to meet the Museum's new executive director and CEO, Dr. Evalyn Gates, who is the... 
 Come to "Natural Areas Wine Tour" Saturday, October 2 from 10:00 am to 6:30 pm. Tour begins at 10am with hiking in... 
 Take science into your own hands! Learn how to operate our Portable Planetarium. 
 Come to "Owls & Howls Children's Halloween Party" Saturday, October 23 from 11:00 am to 4:00 pm 
 CMNH is also looking to fill other part- and full-time positions at the Museum: 
 JOB POSTING: The Cleveland Museum of Natural History is hiring a marketing assistant! Details: 
 Curator of Ornithology Dr. Andy Jones was interviewed by WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland along with CMNH volunteers... 
 Great idea & a popular choice! RT   How about a percentage off at the gift shop? 
 RT  We're up for  Emerald Award tmrw night at  More info here: 
 CMNH is hiring! Position available is full-time marketing assistant. For more info on requirements, job duties &... 
 CMNH Curator of Vertebrate Paleontology Dr. Michael Ryan was interviewed live this morning by Canada AM on CTV... 
 Museum fans: Do you use Foursquare? What kind of incentive would you like to earn for check-ins at the Museum? Let us know!
 2010-2011 Explorer Lecture Series announced! First up on Friday, 10/1 is Cleveland Museum of Natural History... 
 Ride, walk or take the bus and join GreenCityBlueLake for a Party at Progressive Field celebrating sustainable... 
 A rainy day is the perfect time to explore the Museum! Come visit us and stay dry while you explore the new climate pod exhibit.
 Extreme Mammals and the Science of Climate Change: What do these have in common? 
 Enjoy 7 short environmentally themed films at the Wild & Scenic Environmental Film Festival. Last year's event... 
 Don't miss the Wild and Scenic Environmental Film Festival!  via 
 I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "Climate Pod at CMNH" 
 Don't forget to vote today...and then, vote to help us name our new barn owl! 
 Come to "Urban Ecology: Nature in the City" Thursday, September 9 at 7:00 pm until <br />Saturday, September 11 at... 
 Don't miss "Tapped" at the Capitol Theatre with special guest Congressman Dennis Kucinich. Tickets are $2, grab... 
 School's back in session! Learn more about the distance learning programs at CMNH with program coordinator Lee Gambol. 
 Free admission at CMNH today! Come on down and visit us.
 Remember, you can visit CMNH for free tomorrow. It's a Target Free First Thursday!
 Come to "Wild & Scenic Environmental Film Festival on Tour" Saturday, September 11 from 6:00 pm to 11:30 pm.... 
 Don't forget to vote for your favorite name for our new barn owl, a species that is endangered in some Midwestern... 
 I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album "Birds, Beasts, Brats and Beer" 
 Help us name our new barn owl! Watch a video featuring Director of Wildlife Resources Harvey Webster to learn more... 
 We're hiring! 
 Now hiring: The Cleveland Museum of Natural History is seeking a Graphic Interactive Designer for the Exhibits... 
 It's time for Birds, Beasts, Brats and Beer at the Museum this THURSDAY, 8/26 in the Perkins Wildlife Center &... 
 There's still time to register your boat for The Great Lake Erie Boat Float on 9/11 at Edgewater Beach. Put those... 
 It's time for Birds, Beasts, Brats & Beer at the Museum! Come mingle with other young professionals and get a... 
 Coming up: Wild & Scenic Environmental Film Festival On Tour! Environmentally themed films from two minutes to 64... 
 Come visit us today, and stay for Wade Oval Wednesday! 
 Last chance to register for "Wildlife of the Pantanal: A Journey to Brazil". From 9/27 - 10/6, join Museum... 
 Want to get a taste of rock-climbing adventure? Join Museum scientists and educators for the Whipps Ledges... 
 Tune in to 90.3 WCPN ideastream® tomorrow morning at 9 a.m. to hear Museum Executive Director and CEO Dr. Evalyn... 
 Are you an educator, or do you know one? Check out the Science Resource Center at the Museum! 
 I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "Nap time!" 
  : Saw your follow-up Tweets. Could you share source of info on Blossom expedition? We'll consult our archives, too!
  : Thank you for the info. What is the link? Bit.ly link did not work. Thanks!
 Listen to the archived edition of yesterday's "Open Air" broadcast with host Dee Perry on 90.3 WCPN ideastream®.... 
 Check out this album of beautiful images by CMNH Wildlife Specialist Michelle Leighty, who co-led the recent... 
 Planetarium show schedule for today: Kids' show at 11:30 am and 2 pm (Come Fly With Us); and regular show at 12:30... 
 Admission to the Museum is free today, so...come on down!
 I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "Checkers" 
 Come to "The Kelley Cup Golf Classic & Health, Wellness and Fitness Play" Monday, August 30 from 7:30 am to 5:00... 
 Ride your bike to the Museum! CMNH has a brand new bike rack by the front entrance, plus, bike riding is healthy & Earth-friendly!
 Still time to register for an affordable night out with the family - CMNH's Wild Music Family Fun Festival. Music,... 
 A calendar correction: There is no Cleveland Geological Society meeting this evening. Stay tuned for updates on... 
 Don't forget to register for the Wild Music Family Fun Night at the Museum! $20 per family members/$25 per family... 
 Great write-up and pictures about the member preview of the Museum's freshly updated, state-of-the-art Shafran... 
 Sunday, 7/18 is a Target Free Arts & Wonder Day. Families enjoy free admission to the Museum - come and explore!
 Register now for the Museum's next family fun night in the Wild Music exhibit! Music, dance demonstrations, light... 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 This just in: 5 new baby ducks in the Museum's courtyard! Keep an eye out if you come to visit us.
 CMNH executive director and CEO Evalyn Gates is featured in today's Plain Dealer. Check it out for some GOOD news... 
 Watch video of Spaulding the gray fox with the scented towel he received for enrichment yesterday afternoon!... 
 The front desk on the front lines! Our admissions staff greeted lots of visitors on the most recent Target Free... 
 Last week, there was an Anthropology category on "Jeopardy"...did you see it? One of the Museum's most famous... 
 Yesterday, CMNH interns entertained the Wade Oval Wednesday crowd in colorful costumes from Parade the Circle. Did... 
 Admission to CMNH is FREE today! Come and see us!
 The summer is flying by! It's already time for another Target Free First Thursday at  Make some noise at... 
 Read "Evolutionary Road," the cover story in the new National Geographic Magazine, which discusses Ardi and other... 
 The Museum's Curator and Head of Physical Anthropology Dr. Yohannes Haile-Selassie will be interviewed on NPR's... 
 Take a peek at what's happening at the Museum's Smead Discovery Center! 
 Video of earthquake coverage aired on 19 Action News, featuring the Museum's seismograph recording of yesterdays'... 
 Check
 Lots of activity here this afternoon as news crews gathered to cover the earthquake. Watch for segments on the 5pm... 
  : Many here felt the quake, and we had lots of calls for comment/info. There's a pic of the seismograph on our Facebook page!
 If you felt the earthquake, you can tell the US Geological Survey by using the linked form. 
 Here's the scoop on the earthquake: 5.5 magnitude, epicenter was 38 miles north of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. There... 
 View a video of Curator and Head of Physical Anthropology Dr. Yohannes Haile-Selassie discussing and displaying... 
 More on the Kadanuumuu announcement from Cleveland.com. 
 Special announcement: Dr. Yohannes Haile-Selassie, Curator and Head of Physical Anthropology at the Cleveland... 
 The Museum is open on Father's Day, so come on down and explore the Wild Music exhibit, outdoor galleries and... 
 I posted 12 photos on Facebook in the album "CMNH Staff Field Trip, June 2010" 
 Keep busy at the Museum's Discovery Center this summer! On 6/23, learn about "upcycling" by taking found objects... 
 Listen at the link below to hear an interview with Curator of Vertebrate Paleontology Michael Ryan on the CBC radio... 
 Register now for Wild Music Wednesdays! Join us at the Museum for musical activites designed for kids in grades 1... 
 Don't forget! Join the Museum for An UnNatural Affair THIS FRIDAY, 6/11 at 6pm. Enjoy a drink ticket, Indian fusion... 
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "Linus & Lucy" 
 Don't miss the Nature League's Bollywood Party on the Museum's
 Free admission to the Museum today, so stop by and check out the new Wild Music exhibit! It's also a great day to... 
 Tomorrow is a Target FREE First Thursday at CMNH! It's a perfect time to explore the new exhibit, Wild Music:... 
 
 Listen to this week's interview with CMNH's director of wildlife resources, Harvey Webster, on WKSU! Harvey... 
 One of this morning's pictures of the three falcon chicks at the Terminal Tower downtown. For more, visit... 
 Get ready to go wild when Wild Music: Sounds & Songs of Life opens 5/29. Join us on Wild Music Wednesdays for... 
 I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "Ducklings!" 
 I posted 40 photos on Facebook in the album "Perkins Wildlife Center & Woods Garden" 
 Don't forget to check in on the daily doings of the peregrine falcons and their chicks via the Falcon cam. The... 
 I posted 13 photos on Facebook in the album "CMNH falcon cam & banding the falcon chicks" 
 Thanks,         
 4,000! Thanks, everyone! Stick with us for updates on upcoming exhibits and other great summer activities. www.cmnh.org
  : Soooo close!
  : Thank you! We appreciate it!
 Two more FB friends and we're home free! Help us finish the week strong!  CMNH
 Come on now - just three more followers & we can end the week on a triumphant note! 
 Just for the fun of it, let's see if we can get to 4,000 FB followers today:  Join us!
 Spots are going fast...but there's still time to register for the Natural Areas Wine Tour on 5/22. Click for details! 
 For those of you who enjoy the bird cams, an update on the Phoebe Allens hummingbird cam: There are babies in the nest! 
 Come to "An Unnatural Affair - Bollywood Party" Friday, June 11 from 6:00 pm to 10:00 pm. Don't miss the Nature... 
 Stork cam! A CMNH staff member shared this link to a Poland-based stork cam. 
 Get your planetarium fix! Check out CMNH classes & programs at the Shafran Planetarium before it closes for new... 
 Busy day at CMNH...preparing for a new exhibit coming soon, Wild Music: Sounds & Songs of Life! 
 Lots of families enjoying free admission on this beautiful day - come and experience our outdoor galleries, meet... 
 Come visit CMNH on your lunch hour today - admission is free and we'd love to see you! 
 Don't forget! Tomorrow is a Target Free First Thursday at the Cleveland Museum of Natural History. Visit us - free... 
 Keep checking in on images from CMNH's FalconCam! Keep up with the falcons and the three falcon chicks at the link... 
 Attention Future Scientists entering grades 9-12! Join Museum educators to conduct a small mammal survey in the... 
 Thank you! RT          
 Thanks! RT          
 Feeling the need to get outside? Join a garlic mustard pull tomorrow! Garlic mustard is a highly invasive plant;... 
 Last chance! Get to CMNH this weekend to check out Balto & The Legacy of the Serum Run plus Amazing Feats of Aging.... 
 Check out the Museum as part of Family Fun in CLE+! Activities for kids of all ages - and grown-ups, too. 
 Register today for CMNH's Natural Areas Wine Tours! Explore nature, taste great locally produced wines & enjoy a... 
 News from the CMNH FalconCam! Check out the site to see the latest pictures of the NEW baby falcons! 
 CMNH Director of Wildlife Resources Harvey Webster will be interviewed
 GreenCityBlueLake Institute director David Beach will be interviewed on the radio tomorrow morning! Tune in to 90.3... 
 Don't forget "Down to Earth" Earth Day, tonight from 4-9pm. Fun and informative crafts for kids & families... 
 I posted 14 photos on Facebook in the album "Tropical Field Biology, Spring 2010" 
 CMNH Wildlife Blog updated! Check out a short video of Huxley the red fox as he really dials in to an enrichment... 
 Feeling the need for a getaway? Join one of the Museum's upcoming travel programs & get a unique experience... 
 Are you a smartphone user? What kind of app would you like the Museum to offer? A guide to NEO plants & birds?... 
 Tonight at CMNH: The Audobon Society of Greater Cleveland presents "The Rare & The Beautiful: Dragonflies &... 
 Get down to earth at CMNH's "Down to Earth" Earth Day celebration on Wednesday, 4/21. Fun and informative crafts... 
 RT   Fair on the Square exhibitors incl     
 There's still time! Register now to go canoeing for garlic mustard on the wild and scenic Grand River, Saturday... 
 Each year, CMNH honors a local teacher involved with conservation education. Nominate your favorite teacher by June 1! 
 Curious about the natural history of your favorite ingredients? Learn all about balsamic vinegar at a 7-course... 
 Curious about the natural history of your favorite ingredients? Learn all about balsamic vinegar at a 7-course... 
 It's beginning to look a lot like spring - what new signs of nature have you noticed in your own yard? New buds?... 
 CMNH scientists assist in the refurbishment of the 116-year-old Cuyahoga County Soldiers' & Sailors' Monument. 
 Tomorrow's a great day to explore at CMNH: Enjoy free admission on the inaugural Target Free First Thursday! 
 This spring, treat yourself to wine tastings with a wild side! Register now for our Natural Areas Wine Tours,... 
 We've been alerted to so many birdcams (including the Museum's Falconcam). Are there others you like? What other... 
 Falconcam is back! Follow the activities of two peregrine falcons at their home base on the 12th floor of Terminal... 
 No fooling: First Thursdays of each month are free at CMNH beginning April 1! Click to learn more about Target Free... 
 Harvey Webster, the Museum's director of wildlife resources, was interviewed by the Plain Dealer about the Smart... 
 Getting ready to garden? Pre-order by 4/6 for the Natural Areas Native Plant Sale at CMNH. This sale is exclusively... 
 Listen to an interview with David Beach, director of the GreenCityBlueLake Institute at the Museum, on WCPN 90.3... 
 Listen to an interview with David Beach, director of the
