  what! Momma(Freda)can't say nothing when she get home but we both know she'll find something wrong when there's nothing lol
 RT  RT  My sis  paid me for something I like do! (cont) 
 Who talkin bout get higher that high tonight? We can blow sweets til we past out
 My sis  paid me for something I like do! 
 I got so high after work, came home took a shower washed my laundry washed the dishes cleaned the house and now I'm about to smoke lol
 RT   lol wtf?<What u mean wtf?
 You call that head? And you ain't licking my balls? You better eat this dick like its your last meal
 What's good witcha 
 You can laugh with dick your mouth 
 You need some dick, you need some dick, you need some dick, you need some dick & in ya mouth and you ma'am.... need to be dicked all over!
 You really think you all that? Smh.....I know u got a mirror, look in that mothafucka again and stop gassing yaself up!
 Followed some bitches and its already fuckery on my TL! Hoes just be bumpin and don't know shit about a nigga....
  smh.....
 RT  I feel like getting freaky like REAL freaky but aint got nobody to get freaky with (cont) 
 RT  I might just be a lost cause cuz I can Show u better than I can Tell u  
 RT  lmao it's kinda like  LOL idk if you'll be able to>I can maintain
 At this hour the only thing I wanna entertain is that pussy! U wanna be entertained play with a dog or watch cartoons
 RT  Where are the cool ass nighas at man ?>We're around....its just not many of us
 In the club I won't try to holla at ya, I'll just make eye contact *shrugs*
 I don't even worry about what a female thinks about me anymore, whatever you think I am I am!  I'll just agree and keep living
 So that's why its so hard to find a Latina......
 Wanting to fall asleep between  thighs, that would be great
 Sober chic > drunk chic.....for many reasons
 RT   - Lmao, I know. Just ignore me, I'm bored.<I am 2, really can't go back since my sis woke me up
 Ashley is so damn funny!!
  lmfaooo you look white, you know I wasn't talking about you crazy lol
 RT   I have arthritis in my knees, NO HEAD FOR YOU EVER!!<Now that's some bullshit lol
 Why do you flirt with me? You know I'm a freak and wanna take a peak of that thang when it leak
  guess I gotta believe ya
  doesn't look white but supposedly she is *shrugs*
 Naaaah.....she ain't freaky enough
  you really just wanna lay there lol u ain't trying to throw it back you just wanna take it
 RT    uh oh! This convo gettn too real.. *logs out*<ain't nothing gon pop off
 RT  I wanna have sex. Idc if I'm doing all the work, lemme get mines.< -_- riiiiiiiiiiiiight..... and my name is Big Bird
 Smh yall laugh then abbreviate shit....idk if yall being sarcastic or mean I don't understand all those letters and what they stand for lol
   fuck that bathroom, shake that ass for me! I'll be the judge
  I won't, just wanna see u dance like a stripper while u gon off that liquor
 RT  Ayyyyyeeeee ! Im gone off dat liquor !< O_O
  you don't think she would trip if she found us in the shower
  if she wants to, its up to her to wanna watch it! I would be down
 RT  Is it ok for girls to watch porn?<Yeah
  maybe if she found both of us in there probably lol
 I really wanna believe  got that feeling I shouldn't though
  she ain't worth the energy, tired of explaining myself to simple minded females!
 She actin like she never had dick, I can't stand that shit
  why? I'm sure she knows, she'll get the fuckin drift
 She be like "why u don't fuck wit me?" I said I just be chillin doin my own thang... she's just a bullshitter so I don't fucks wit her
 If  call my phone imma just let that hoe ring, she don't be wanting no dangalang
 From AM to PM you get horny call me up you can have it
 I don't know too many chics that's a fool on the dick
 Hard as rock baby that's how u gon get it, just like a banana I'm gon split it
 Do you have a fresh pair of panties on?
 You stop fucking wit me and now u gotta dude that don't treat u right, so u hit me up for some late night to try and make it right
 If I send you text this late, you know what I'm trying to do
 I got ya legs spread all over the place and ya hands clinching the sheets so tight
 U wanna get sexed, u wanna get tied up?
 That's my body calling ya name and I can hear yours saying the same
 I can't explain how I'm so into you now....imma do whatever just to keep a smile on you now
 And if u let me go down I'm gonna taste
 Its hard not to think about you, but now that we here in front of each other let's do what we do
 I wanna you know what to your to you know what ;)
 I keep on going going like I'm racing
 I got what it takes to swim up in it all day
 I ain't coming up to you screaming I give up when I go under
 I'm gonna do it so right, you gonna want me to do it all night
 Girl you the one but too bad I'm not a cuffer
 Niggas get a charge and wanna go snitch and tell....what kind of shit is that?
 I ain't changing my ways, $ can only do that!
 You don't see the big deal in smoking, then its just not for you! But don't knock me cuz my lungs be full of good smoke on a daily
 RT  If she cant use your comb, dont bring her home...<If she can use a brush don't bring her home lol
 Sweets I put out I call em Now and Laters
 Don't waste ya time, find you some weed now! Break it down, roll it up now its time to get fucked up
 Its hard keeping my finger nails clean breaking down all this green
 After a hard day of work she wanna lick nuts like duck sauce off some Timmy Chans chicken
 I'm higher than mothafucka how bout you?
 I take shot of Hennessey and I'm ready for the world
 Have u ever layed in the bed and the chic farted?? They act like its nothing! Lol
 I need my belly rubbed, its on swole!
 RT  I'm on ONE! Ugh I'm buring purple flowers its burning my chest!<Pass that shit
 Have you ever kissed somebody that can't kiss?? Its the worst, just fucks up everything lol
 I'm full and high lol I just wanna go to sleep 
 She brought me my wallet way from Katy and she didn't even have to!
 Sausage and Shrimp Spaghetti for dinner, damn those burgers!
  is moving away to Asia.....she needs to come see me so I can get some of that pussy cause I won't be able to see her again
 RT  Ha! Ha!   im getting just ox tails soulfood ha.~grrrrrr....
 That  hit the spot
  but u don't know what time
 Why when you riding in the car and the police get behind you everybody in the car get quiet and stiff? Lol
 RT  Weed isn't good! 
 What you got in them jeans is what I need
  lol ol hungry ass
 Wet ground + Today's heat = 
 RT  RT  I'm making burgers tonight!! ...after you eat em' come to  nigga!
 Dark clouds and not a drip drop yet.....
 I'm making burgers tonight!!
 Put ya coins in now so you can cash them in later!
 She says "yeah I found your wallet, but what you gonna do to get it back?"......I wonder what she wants me to do *shrugs*
 Am I not Turtle enough to be in the Turtle Club??
 I gotta start paying more attention to these females! Just looking at that ass ain't gon get it no more! I need to know where ya head at
 RT  2 white cups & I got that drank<save me 1! I'll come after work and get
 Man got damn! Will this woman text me back already......this is important shit
 She like to do it with the lights on, I like em on or off it don't matter me!
  you can bet that
  I got a 40 for you right here
  its ok, glad I didn't have to bond u out
  my day was good mama
  I been drinking and I'm feeling it
  my day was good, could be a lot better
  I'm good, over here trying to maintain.....*Im horny* lol
  what's good mama
  what's going down mama
 RT  RT  A horny  gets what they want... always
 RT  Turn up the lights in here baby!<Keep em off, I just wanna feel
  what I be saying? I'm a Christain man..... Lol
  I don't be saying nothing crazy lol
  lmao yea I know, you ain't read nothing yet lol
  no I'm not lol well maybe a little
 I lick it real soft and slow
  hell naw! Not on ya tippy toes going in circles! Maybe if you was on ya tippy toes twerking hell yea I would throw that money lol
 I'm the type of nigga, just not your type of nigga!
 When I'm eating thang its gon turn into a Vanilla smoothie
 I'm in that thang wit my dangalang lol
 Baby girl you turning heads but not mine! Give me something to look at *takes off panties and bra*.....now that's something to look at!
  lol I've had days like that, that's when gotta get ya phone out and see what's up wit everybody lmao
 Bitch I'm just chillin doing me so just let me smoke 
  nothing worse than a boring off day
 I don't wanna start being mean to females again, I was getting past that but I feel it coming back
 RT   lol I knew that o_0 so ummm how was your day<my day was good mama, preciate ya I don't get that question a lot
 I'd rather be around a chic that wants me and not a chic that just likes me! Big difference!
 She really wanna fuck wit a nigga but she so hesitant.....smh that shit is just putting her further and further down the poll
 These bitches need to cool off, they getting themselves mad  over their own stupidity and negligence, go play wit yaself!
 Then females be trippin  when u tell em you about to go do something & they wanted 2 do with u! O_o  I can't fuck up my fa sho pussy!
 Why do females get mad when its not there turn?? Fuck wit a nigga on the regular and not when u feel like it you'll be waaaay better off!
 She told me I suck because I don't wanna chill wit her and have drinks....she can only be mad at herself! She's the bullshitter not me!
 So you mad cause its not you?? That ain't my fault! She buying she gon suck & she gon pop! You ain't bout doin that shit for me so just stop
  smdh......just lazy! I know u not seriuos though, you can't be! That's just horrible lol
  ROTFLMAO!! I was talkin about a sweet loser, whatever u put in yo mouth besides a sweet is your biz lol
 RT   lmao I started last week<just like a nigga lol
  stop hating and put 1 in ya mouth lol
 RT  im bout to jam nd bounce my asx wit my main!  =)< O_O
 RT  get up on stage at a stripclub and start doing ballet. ^_^<you will be the brokest stripper in Stripper's History lol
  you stay on top cause you get it beat up if you on the bottom lol
 RT  All  tweets be directed toward  he's lying ladies, I love yall  Lmao
 At the krib bout to roll up.....haven't smoked all day and its time cuz I'm full and its time to get high, ya feel me? BBQ ribs was good
 RT   she workin for them people<you think so?
 RT   u knew she was in the witness protection program so y r u trippin<lmao I hope not
 Stop blaming  He's helping, not hurting us! Bush the one that started this silly shit & fucked (cont) 
 O_o....never in my life have I met a chic that has 3 different numbers for her in less than a month! Something ain't right about her......
  imma try texting you  again.....
 Out of towners are fucking annoying! Go back to where u from, your bullshit ain't welcome in Houston!
 If you didn't grow up out here in Houston and surrounding areas do us all a favor and stfu! We know our city better than u ever will!
  do you ever answer your phone?
 RT  Damn, everybody gay!
 Idk why females think I just be lying  that's bad for my health! I get my info from just experiencing shit! Its called living life
 Every girl is that type of girl, you just gotta bring ot out of em! 
 RT   Lol where u getting ur info from u crazy !!<I get my info from my dick, its called fuckin them!
 Believe me! She won't make u drive way out there for a blank trip! You will be happy u went to go see her in Cypress/Katy, well worth it!
 If you can get you a Cypress/Katy chic! SUUUUUUUPER FREAKS!! They bored as hell out there surrounded by white people & they just wanna fuck!
 RT  Lmao everybody going in on fortbend, west and hisd hoes and Yu don't hear or see nothin (cont) 
 Sometimes when I get off and get home I be bored as hell and would rather be back at work
 People better start appreciating the jobs they do have or the ones that are available cause once u lose that mofo u might not find another 1
 I really do hope we do get back our tax returns in 2012.....I'm looking forward to them
 If you not saving money might as well start ASAP! The government is about to try and squeeze for all our juices and berries!
 So if we not getting tax returns back shouldn't they stop taking taxes out of our check??
 RT  Who missed me????!!!!!»I did, I ain't gonna lie lol
  what kind of dog is it
 RT  This may sound mean AF ... but Why the FUCK is the Government supporting these bitches who lay (cont) 
  but he sucks at that!! He play like he in high school with all that fancy juking and it gets his ass lit up everytime
 RT   He just got resigned SMH»man got damn! Wtf is wrong with them? They know that nigga Jacoby Jones suck
 How are you supposed be all you can be, when its hard just trying to be what u wanna be?
 I don't wanna move out and be roommates with a friend! I don't wanna turn into enemies
 This hoe talking out her neck! Talking bout she Christian......
 Man I'm glad that sorry ass nigga Jacoby Jones is a free agent! Get that trash ass nigga off the Texans team!! Idk y he stayed this long
 I promise I'll be gentle and I won't kill it......
 When she on that Goose she gets loose and her pussy produces a lot of juice
  never too early for me lol
 Which hole you want it in baby? Eeny meeny miny mo, the pussy hole!
  is being a fat ass lol give me some of those snacks lol
 RT  Fucking or making love?»Fucking
 RT  An***»??
  when?
 Rolled up a sweet to try and fall asleep.....forgot I have work in the morning
 RT  Bald pussy or a lil hair pussy»either 1 is sexy
  but do you want that? Can you handle the way I wanna handle ya?
  but you know I love you girl lol
 This 1 chic, imma keep her til the end! She don't give a fuck about no lady or none of my friends she always (cont) 
  that's a bet....might have to see what else I can do for ya
  u like it...
 I be wishing I could call you up and come fuck ya
  don't have to cook but it would be nice
  what? I was talking about you
  what?
 I've had some college bitches, I want some stripper hoes!
  its all good, I fucks with both but I'll bring us a Doe Doe sweet to put in the wind as long as u make breakfast lol
 Haters should be sleep and the freaks should be geeked! 
  I haven't forgot about you either, we gon chill & smoke good next week
 Little does  know I'm for real.....she just don't know!
  can have it her way, if she just stop playing the games that she play
 I send her freaky texts at work just to make her wet and horny and I send her a text every morning
  I wouldn't know, I coulda seen them if you woulda hit me up for  session
 RT  Real women swallow.  em know!
 Hoping  get some cherries on her breasts or her thigh so I can lick em!
 My Pearland chic she was too damn fine, her pussy stayed wet all the time
  you getting some ink done?
 Talking bout you shy, you ain't gon be shy no mo! Once I close that door them panties gotta hit the floor
 Imma hit her with the Hammer, have her calling me Handy Man
 I like hearing you moan and watching you squirm as my tongue rubs across your clit & pussy lips
  I thought u was sleep, gotta put up my freaky tweets til after 2am lol
 I know I still can drive her crazy cause of the way I ate her
 I remember the freaky shit you whispered in my ear when I was inside of you
 RT   lmfao ummmmhmmm yea! be ready i rock soxs>you would be the 1st to rock socks lmao get ya toes done girl
  you rock socks, I rock the bed ;)
 She got me turning into Mr Telephone Man, talking on the phone for long hours makin a nigga sweat and horny gotta keep taking cold showers
  I wouldn't be ready? Ha! I'm ready on standby...
  whenever u ready.....I'm ready for the show
 Girl you know I miss ya, everytime I get a bone its because I thinking of us kissing
  let the games begin
 Wish I could fuck you everyday, touch you in every way but you stay so many miles away
  do whatever is necessary to get it ready for ya
  you for real? No you not lol
 She a nasty girl! She'll take it out her pussy and put it her mouth, that's that freaky shit I'm be talkin bout
  just a little, might be needing your help
  to  for looking out, she knows Critta loves the animals lol
 RT  So these college kids were having sex on the top bunk, that bunk fell on top of the guy under (cont) 
 You can get the dick whenever you want it, you talk so freaky I be wanting to come thru the phone and fuck the shit out ya lil wet pussy
 Laying in bed thinking about you, wishing I was next to you rubbing yo booty and kissing ya lips
  you have a nice 1 too but I already told you lol
 I wanna taste you and lick u up like some ice cream, put you in a zone you never been in! Let your juices run down my face and lick it up
 Imma fuck you balls deep, I don't wanna stop fuckin until I gotta go to work the next morning! I just wanna make u cum all night
 We fucked that 1 time....we need to fuck again
 Closed mouths don't get fed and legs don't either....
 I haven't beat it or eat it in a while, I need to come and see you.....
 Drunk sex > high sex
 Weed > Cocaine
 Brown skin chic > light skin chic
 RT  Drink, Fuck, and Smoke. It’s all good; the only thing that makes it bad is over dosing. Just do it in moderation.
  yea I know I thought I was gonna have the time
  aiight I think I got something else brewing up too but I will let you know
 Bout to watch this Nightmare on Elm Street, I didn't see it when it came to the movies! DVR is the shit and its in HD
 RT  Getting tatted :)»grrrrr.....
 Football highlights on ESPN!! 
  I just got a feeling u don't lol
  -_-...no you don't lol
 Good laughs and good smoke wit my niggas  & 
  yeah I know, especially when its nobody to help you with it
 RT  I'm horny at the most inconvenient times, like now ....<Nothing wrong with that, I have that problem too lol
 RT  ... I have this Bra ^_^   <I want these in my face right now
  lmfaooo when I saw that I was like "awww got damn, wtf??" If that's what old pussy look like I don't want it lmao
 Would you beat it up? Lmaooo this shit is so fuckin nasty and  
  aiight that's a bet
 RT   how long yall gon be there<all day my nigga getting high
  session wit my nigga Rello
 Waiting on  to ☎ me....meanwhile I'm bout to spark this sweet
 RT  RT  I wanna date a scorpio, they are huge freaks :)<yea we are, we'll bring the freak out ya
  <--Ms Romance Novel looking ass lol
 I am high as hell! I thought I poured me some water in a cup and I was just carrying the cup like I had water in and tried to drink smh.....
 RT  Fuck loud & make noise.
 RT  RT   where u at | ... the feds watching.»*whispers* where u at??
  yea I know I could tell that's why I laughed at u lol but you know its all love
  where u at
  can I have some??
 Imma sleep good tonight but I could sleep better if.....
 I'm on the way 
  is texting me and don't even know who the hell she talking to.......smh crack kills! Lol
 Had to grab some Timmy Chans, I gotta cure these 
  what did you cook
  yeah its the jam
 I forgot Snoop was on there too
  Hollywood Divorce--Outkast ft Lil Wayne
 RT  People be tryin hard to get their names in mentions like "RT if u have legs" of course u gonna get mentions.»Lmfao
  I always do lol
  I ain't teasing nobody lol
 Rolling up another one.....then we gon load up the bong wit fire doe doe and be blowing purple smoke
  well I'm here now yea in the rain...I'm like 7 minutes from Katy
  lol no I wouldn't, u weak lol
  I ain't mean that was just the truth lol I really don't where u be and stuff lol imma be on the west in a few though....
 Captain will save em all day but not this nigga
  All About U--2Pac "no matter where I goooo I see the same HOoooOE!"
  lol here you go I'm on the other side of town and I don't know your whereabouts so how could I invite you? Lol
 Niggas wanna be who they can't so bad and that's whack
  lmao wth? You are a trip lol
  Stir it Up--Bob Marley....of course I'm smoking lol
  oh ok well in that case, eat all the ice u want lol
 RT   lol I like smoking and cooking and eating my food high so BOOP! lol<did you just fart in your tweet? Lol
 RT  I kinda wanna start cookin but I need some weed!!<I didnt know you needed weed 2 cook, I thought u needed food *shrugs*
 RT   lmao, i like iiiice!<You like smiling too don't you? Lol
 RT  Ok..back on the clock I go. These over-priced clothes won't sale themselves.<They will if you mark them down lol
 RT  I'm an ice chewer.<Better stop that bad habit before you be rockin Dentures before 30 lol
 RT  Sexy lady! RT    - <she's being a lady not showin the cooch
  that's not mean, she got 8 fingers and 2 thumbs just like I do! Fuck her and her sometiming ass
 I haven't talked or texted 2  in a minute! Really don't give a damn cuz if I ain't hit her up by now, I'm not! Might as well delete her
  lol no they don't, u weak lol
 My name is Chris but the ladies call me Lil Freaky
 2 bitches behind me in Escalade...*rubs chin* wonder if they're down for a Sexcapade....
 I don't trip on hoes, too many walking around
 She got on boy shorts I said "you go girl" she said "I wanna take em off" I said "its your world!"
 Fuck these shorts, I'm ready to see chics back in boots with fur! Its been a 
  no you ain't right!
 RT  The pain never really goes away; u just elevate and get used to it by growing stronger.
  oh! Well Taco Bell broke you in right lol
  <----sleeps 22 hrs out of the day! I ain't even bullshittin lol ask her when the last time she seen daylight
 RT   nooo I get up late prob bout 5>and be sleep right back at 6!
 She a head hunter she like sucking dick! That's all she wanna do and I'm cool wit it
  smh....you gotta live a little! Try a burrito or something, just don't eat in front of me! My mind may wonder into the gutter
 Down to Earth chic > a Bougie chic
 Head Hunters > Freaks
 Let me hit from the back & side to side
  I think I've tried almost everything up there except for the Diet Fresco tacos  they look good too though lol
 Latinas  > Snow Bunnies
  oh hell yeah I like tacos! Taco Bell got me hooked to them
 RT  My moms just over here talking interrupting my nap time ..guess its time for me to get up>well it is past 3pm lol
  lol I can't complain about Taco Bell, it hasn't did me bad lol
 Coporate bitch > bad bitch
 Strip club > the club
 You thinking imma fall off? Only you can imagine that
  you don't like Taco Bell
 RT  S/O to all my new followers! :)
 Naked w/heels > T-shirt w/no panties
 RT  Coffe was a bad idear**>too hot for that
 RT  Coffe was a bad idear**>too hot for thay
 Shipleys > Krispy Kreme
 Sonic > McDonalds
 Taco Bell > Jack in the Box
 Who you think has the best Dollar Menu?
 Have a good day at work 
 Get out the shower dripping wet, baby I'll lick you dry
 RT  Right cheek;; left cheek;; Right cheek;; left cheek;; **does dance**>TwitVid it!
  you gotta start inviting me
  started what early
 Hit her with that Hammer, call me Handy Man
 She a thick chic I know she wanna take some dick, phat ass booty and she got a pierced clit
  ;-)
  aww shit....you gon cry in the car? Lol
 I want that pussy all the time, she say I'm a needy nigga
 They love to hate me to love me again! 
 RT   n wat dat sposed 2 mean?»Just don't be surprised ;)
 You think imma miss some money, you crazy!
 RT   yeah after i curse a few bitches out.»Noooooo, woooooosah wooooooooooooosah lol
  I warned you.... lol
  aww shit, jope u have a good day  I'm sure things will get a lil better
 Just a small breakfast of scrambled eggs sausage shrimp ribs & toast! Thank you  for the Cheddars!
  good but I'm still gonna take you there lol
 RT  i dont see nothin wrong.....»I never did
 Oh damn!  is on a rampage! Yall know its Monday, stop fuckin with her! You know she gon chop yall asses up like a Ginsu
 I think its time to  Its past 12 I'm late getting my mind right
  to  preciate ya, don't get too hot and bothered by the freaky tweets lol just fuckin witcha
 If you're my girl I wanna see and talk to you as much as I can! Nothing like being around someone that wants you around!
 The chic be looking so guilty! Dick in her hand, mouth open looking back like she was caught by the police lmao
 Have you ever walked in on a chic giving a nigga some head? That is the funniest shit eeeeeever!! The chic always says "oh my god" lmao
 I know u like it when I rub on ya tits suck on ya nips and lick on ya clit
 You getting wet just the thought of me beating and eating the pussy up all night
 Stress is never good, come get a massage and let me relax your body from all the bullshit
 When u eat that pussy make her stand up and see how long she can last......I'll give her 3 minutes tops b4 she starts to collapse from it
  lol my bad
 Let me come suck on them titties and pussy
 You like it when I talk dirty to ya, especially when u at work huh? You lil freaky thang...you can't get enough
 RT  _A dying cat can hold a tune better than me. I should really stop being so confident by singing so loud.»Lmfao got damn!
 Somebody fuckin call me! I'm bored but brush your teeth 1st, don't wanna smell what u was sucking on last night lol
  lmao, yes I won!
 I owe  an ass smacking, she didn't hit me back last night
  idk about the whine but we do like the attention when yall rub our Frank and Beans
  what do we have in common with babies
 Why do us guys always wake up with Woodies? I need to Google that shit cuz its just amazing how I'm sleep and wake up like that lol
  yep I just found you on there, but they say they won't be ready to serve you to me until later.....I'm ready to eat ;)
  smh well that's just a crazy way to get attention, women and babies have something in common lol
 I wanna text her but I don't want no bullshit this early in the morning.....I think I'll wait
  yeah, I don't see on the menu though......you must be under the "Sweet & Thick" section ;)
 I want me some  for breakfast, you think I'll get full?
  but great?? Why great? Lol us Scorpios are the kings in that area
 RT  RT   if you not playing hookie, u must be running late lol • no (cont) 
 RT   with ciroc in it»that's extra nigga lol
 RT  RT   is a great lover»
 RT   u can enjoy it»thank you, I owe u a Happy Hour slush from Sonic!
  if you not playing hookie, u must be running late lol
  you're welcome, its nothing lol
  I wanna enjoy my off days like you did, can I do that or are you gonna make it hard for a brotha?? Lol
 RT  TRUE STORY  »that cartoom is true! Some people be showing some off the wall shit
  is he gay?? Your normal seven year old doesn't say "weak" shit like that lol 
  hating on a brotha early in the morning lol I just wanna enjoy some off time too lol
 Just waking up but I'm the lucky 1 today cuz I'm off today enjoying cold sheets and Swisher Sweets
  O_O oh really? I wouldn't wanna stop touching you either lol
 RT  Welp these buns ain't gon rub themselves.... -____-<ok ok....*gets Baby Oil* you ready?
  imma say nah, you could be smooth and not soft lol
  is in her zone
 RT  Scared money don't make no money.!<So come and get this money
  idk I was just fuckin witcha, I know its stops itching and smoothes skin! Idk about making you soft lol
 RT  I'm FUCKIN soft asf right now. i can't stop rubbing myself. ^_^<did you bathe in Oatmeal??
 RT  i wanna go chill on top of the moon<jump in my shuttle, I'm going there now
 RT  Ass out, legs up <--- It be like that sometimes<O_O
  you don't wanna be put in a dark room with me.......you gon need a whole new body after I'm through with you ;)
  lol I can't see you being shy
 RT  Wen I love, I LOVE HARD!<That can't be healthy for u lol
 Rollin up so I can lay it down, its been a long day and I'm still not tired!
 Got damn! Ain't nobody up.....but me & you! Let's turn the lights off and do what we wanna do
  no you not, u can tell another nigga that I ain't fallin for it lol
 I want u to slurp me up and slob me down
 "I'm shy".......Shy my ass! lol
 It was hard for me not to say anything sexual but I kept my cool and kept it G
 Headed back to the Mo
 I do wanna link up some old peeps though.....just see what it do
