 If you don't have a photo, "like" your favorite. 
 Send your photos in to Initial Boutique's Facebook page at 
 Last week for the First Ever Initial Boutique Photo Contest!!
 Beat the heat. Relax inside with a chilled glass of wine in our Monogram Stemless Wine Glass 
 Post the photo to the Initial Boutique Facebook Page. 
 Simply post one of your Initial Boutique product photos to enter the Initial Boutique First Photo Contest!!
 More details about the Photo Contest at 
 Enter the Initial Boutique First Photo Contest by submitting a photo with one of our products, and enter to win a $75 gift certificate.
 The Initial Boutique First Photo Contest Contestants! 
 We have our first entry for the Initial Boutique Facebook Photo Contest!! 
 You could win a $75 gift certificate just for submitting a photo!
 First Photo Contest on the Initial Boutique Facebook Page! 
 Don't be stumped by which Wedding Gift to choose. 
 Monogram Winestoppers ON SALE NOW at 
 I love to go online shopping on   RT if you agree!
 We are currently have a 50% off Closeout Sale going on. Make sure to check it out at 
 Wonderful Winestopper Wednesday. Check it out! 
 FREE SHIPPING on orders $40 or more!! 
 I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "Products" 
 Visit us at  to check out some of our Monogram items.
   they have awesome collegiate stuff! 
 Tell us what you think! 
 Winestoppers, Flags, Trivets, OH MY!
 We are getting a makeover!
 Were having a storewide sale!  
 RT  25 Amazing HDR Photos around the world 
 Free Shipping on orders $40 or more during this week! 
 Watch our video about Monogram Flags:  
 5 Social Shopping Trends Shaping the Future of eCommerce - from  
 I love all of my tweeps.  You guys share the best information on the net.  Thank-you!!
 A beautiful accent for your family home, vacation home, business
  aw thanks for the reference!  Let me know if you need anything from me.
  omg, that was hilarious.  Thanks for sharing!
 New Product Photography:  
 Stoppers on sale!  
 Flags on sale!  
 Premium Coconut fiber mat with an eco friendly recycled mat traps dirt and water at your door and adds an elegant... 
 Hey guys, here is our very first email campaign.  There is a free shipping offer in here:... 
 The new site has been launched!  Check it out...we also have free shipping this week! 
 I wish they had a thumbs down option for the new "like" option! 
 Hey folks, thanks for becoming a fan.  Hope everyone has a great Friday! 
 RT  Life is a sum of all your choices.~Albert Camus  
 Hey gang, we are going to be posting some great sales and promotions here.   There will be online exclusives, give... 
  you are on my list of favorite tweeters!  =)  Thank-you for all of the inspirational posts!
 RT  ☀ 90 Absolutely Stunning Long Exposure Photographs  ❙RT   
 Our monogrammed ceramic mugs are a great way to stop office theft!  Not many people will steal your coffee cup... 
 Our new elegant logo. 
 I just wanted to say hi and thank-you to all of you tweeters out there.  I really enjoy the interesting interesting posts and links!
  oh yea, that is a dying industry i'm sure!
  Wow, those pictures were amazing!  I had to share them with our entire graphic design department.
 RT  27 Super Cool Pictures of Detroit:  ❙RT    
  I can't believe that's how velcro was invented!  (I looked that up too)  I'm learning a lot today!  =)
  I don't think that is going to work, you better just forget about it. Let me know if you come up with any other ideas, tho!  ;-)
  That is great!  Congrats on your wedding!   Yea, we try to stay very competitive with our prices.  *~All the best to you~*  Cheers!
  
 Hope everyone had a great Easter! If you are planning for your next party, monogram place settings (like the one... 
 
 Hope everyone had a great Easter!  If you are planning for your next party, monogram place settings (like the one... 
 Hey gang, having a sale today!  Check out the goods.  =) 
  I'm so jealous of you right now. =)
  great articles and links!  I just watched a slide from note and point off your your CSS snack link, it changed my life!  =)
 RT  How a Web Design Goes Straight to Hell  from 
 "Count your age by friends, not years Count your life by smiles, not tears."  -- John Lennon
 Hey guys, thanks for following, I really appreciate it!  =) 
 We are in the process of a website redesign.  Any comments and suggestions are welcome and appreciated.  Thank-you! 
  thanks for all of the great resources you have been sending my way.  I can feel myself becoming more efficient!  ;)
  thanks buddy!
  Hola!  Good to meet you.  Jason said that you are pretty knowledgeable in your craft.  I look forward to your tweets!
 Weekly sale from Initial Boutique! 
 Happy Monday! Here is some funky stuff from Foxy Wine Decor! 
 Hey guys, here are some cute things for your garden....spring is on the way!  
  OK, check this out:   Have you heard of this site?
  pretty sweet!  What did you use to create that?
  good, I'm really good!  I just got an extension on a project that was really stressing me out, so I'm super good!  :D
  well, we aren't really in the market to purchase anything for the site right now....if you want to do it anyways, that is ok!
  hey, I just got back from a trip to sunny Florida!  I'm downloading your animation right now, I'm excited to see it!
 Hey peeps, we are having a sale again!   - - - ch-ch-ch-check it out.
  lol, I like how you made that correlation!  Very clever!!
  aw, see how sweet you are!  You are quickly becoming my favorite tweeter.  :D   "Virginia is for Lovers" is very accurate!
  Hey Rascal, whats shakin today?
  Thanks dear!  I appreciate that!
 Google analytics is the perfect way to start the day!  :D
  awesome!   THANK-YOU for all of your tips and tricks!!!
 Hey gang, we are having a storewide sale.  Have a look around!  
 Hey guys, we are thinking about doing an entire site redesign  www.initialboutique.com  let me know if you have any suggestions!
 Check out these great deals 
 Hey peeps! Were having a sale, check it out!  
  ok, so, did you read the part about how the magnets in the MRI machine were actually pulling the forceps through her skin? omg!
  that is the best part!!  :D
 good Valentine's Day deals: 
 Valentine's Day Sale: 
 Hey guys, were having a sale for Valentine's Day: 
  lol NICE!  haha just send me the link!
   lol!  cute picture!
  me!  :)  I will  you back, I promise!!  =) =)
 Hey everyone, it's Follow Friday...... me and I will  you!
  yep!  Its right here on my profile!
  its kinda scary, right?
  lol ok
  what do you need?  Do you just want some printable invites?
  cool background pic
  gotcha!
  got you back!  Happy Friday!
  omg hilarious!!
  hey thanks again, I've gotten like 10 followers from you!  Let me know if there is anything that I can do for you!
 RT   chk out www.lap-rap.com for valentines day promo affordable,beautiful & lasts 4ever cool idea lasts 4ever i ...
  lol that's the truth!
 working on some Valentine's Day promotions
 Hey kids,  and I will  forever!
 RT   you follow me back   
  it will take me a little bit to look through it all, but so far I really like it!
  is that your blog?
  was happy to see I had a few additional peeps this morning, thanks dear!
 *yawn*
  aw, thanks for the shout out girl!  I'm just trying to get a couple of followers on my page so I don't look like a loser.
  I'll follow you forever if you follow me!
 Hello to the giant Twitter world!  Anyone there?  *echo*
