 Tennessee is ready for the weekend!  RT  The cask is set.  
 Tis the season...  RT  Start planning your fantasy football draft at Wow Uptown.
 Good times in Tennessee! RT  Just tapped the Abita Triple Haze! We are the only place in Middle TN that will have this.
 Online Ordering = awesome! RT  Order Online And Get $10 Off   code ONLINEJULY
 One of the most fun WOWs in New Orleans RT  39 cent wings all day and all night :)
 RT  Cask night this Friday with our friends from  Join us! 
 NOLA-area WOWs, our Daily Specials are still going strong - Tuesdays, Kids Eat Free w/ purchase of adult entree 
 Get $2 off any salad from  for the entire month of July!
 Love WOW? Vote for us in the Best of New Orleans 2011 Readers Poll! 
 Today's menu spotlight: Buffalo Chicken Wrap. Crispy fried chicken, cheese, Buffalo sauce & Bleu cheese dressing:  
 Great idea! RT  Found a use for this Buffalo XIII sauce from   - hot sauce in leftover red beans.
 Sounds like a plan! RT  Try an ice cold WoWRita today at WoW!
 Thanks to  for this great review of our Woodstock, GA location! 
 More new sauces coming this Fall! Like BBQ Ranch - a sweet hickory barbecue combined with creamy buttermilk ranch.
 What's for lunch? How about a Covington Salad. Fried chicken atop lettuce, veggies, croutons w/ your choice of dressing: 
 Join  in Frederick, MD for Happy Hour today featuring  beer from 3p to close.
  Thanks for choosing WoW! How was your lunch this afternoon?
 How does a Sea Salt & Vinegar dry rub sound to you? It's just one of the many new wing sauces and rubs we have in the works.
 Check out  at  drawing Pet Portraits and signing his book Best Of Today's Dogg. Tonight 6:30-9:30p.
 All you can eat wings all day all night with one dollar draft PBR- Gotta love it! (via 
 Great events at  this weekend: Fri 7/8 Shadz Of Soul Sat 7/9 Proper Utensils Sunday 7/10 Be'la Dona... 
 We're headed back to the National Buffalo Wing Festival over Labor Day Weekend. Which sauce do YOU think we should enter?
 This Fall we're opening several new WoW locations. Stay tuned, we may be coming to your town soon!
  Thank you for choosing WoW! How was your visit?
 Have a safe, fun and delicious 4th of July!
 Win a sleeve of WoW golf balls just by 'liking' this post on Facebook -> 
 A great deal at all Greater New Orleans WoW locations today - $5 burgers with your choice of side!
 We're cooking up some new sauces here at WoW! Stay tuned for some new tantalizing flavors to come this Summer...
 WOW Cafe & Wingery Coupon in Rome, GA   (via 
 RT  Guess what today is?  Yep!  ALL YOU CAN EAT WINGS $9.99 AND $1 DRAFT BEER
 Thank you! RT   Miss those fried pickles!
 Join  for a GO GREEN PARTY! Sat 6/25 4-6pm! 
 The NBA draft is tonight! Come by at 7pm EST and watch it with us at WoW. $5 burgers and fries at all Greater NOLA WoW locations.
 It's $0.39 Wing Night in New Orleans! That's $3.90 for 10 wings and $7.80 for 20 wings. What a deal! 
 WOW Café & Wingery in Warner Robins, GA is now on Facebook! Keep up with them here: 
 WHOA!!!!!  All you can eat wings for $9.99 and PBR only $1 all day all night at 
 WOW Cafe & Wingery from New Orleans is confirmed for the National Buffalo Wing Festival 2011  (via 
 Thanking for coming in! RT  $3 top shelf margaritas? YES PLEASE ( Wow Cafe & Wingery w/ 2 others) [pic]: 
 Today's Menu Spotlight - Buffalo Shrimp!   Try it with out Paradise City sauce.
 WOW Cares Night at  - Tonight 5p-8p for AAU Frederick Basketball League.
 Which quesadillas do YOU prefer - Chicken, Steak, Shrimp, Cheeseburger, or Veggie? Weight in on Facebook: 
 Only $10 for $20 worth of food and drink at select New Orleans WoW locations, today on  
 We're giving away a FREE sleeve of WOW Golf Balls on Mon! All you have to do is like this Facebook post to be entered: 
 Today's Menu Spotlight: the Buffalo Wrap. Tasty chicken wrapped in a tortilla w/ cheeses, Buffalo sauce, BC dressing  
 Discounted gift certificates now available for  
 Great pic! RT  WOW CAfe' Crew!!!!! 
 Get a coupon for a FREE appetizer with purchase of an entree at  in New Orleans here -> 
 At all Greater New Orleans WoWs - All You Can Eat Wings all day today for only $9.99! (via 
 The beer is cold and the AC is on. Come get your weekend started right with Happy Hour at your favorite local WoW!
 Gumbo   Wow cafe and wingery  (via  
 Join our friends  to celebrate the release of Southern Wedding Cake coffee at the PJ's on Canal, 11am. Free coffee and cake!
 Today is Tuesday..that means Kids eat free all day today at Wow Uptown (via 
 Happy Memorial Day! Today we honor all of the brave men and women, past and present, for their service on behalf of our great nation.
 Check out the photos from our first annual golf tournament:  Thanks to  Photography for the great shots!
 WHOA!  39 cent wings all day all night. Crazy!!! (via 
 Wow Cafe & Wingery Coupon in Covington, LA   (via 
 So glad to hear! RT  Lunch at WOW Wingery and Cafe was really nice we must do it again!!!
 Visit our newest location in Biloxi, Mississippi at 921 Cedar Lake Rd. Hope to see you there!
 Our first annual golf tournament is this Monday! Hope to see you there! 
 $5 Burgers all day today! How many can you eat? (via 
 Don't forget Kids Eat Free at WoW Tuesday! (via 
 There's just one more week until our first annual golf tournament! We still have a few spots left, sign up details here: 
 Today's menu spotlight - Garden Fresh Quesadillas. Mixed cheeses and veggies with your choice of sauce: 
 Tonight's Greater New Orleans special - $5 burger and golden fries. WoW! (yes, pun intended) 
 Trivia Tonight at  - games start at 7:00 and 8:00 - Fun, Prizes, and learn something new!
 Great specials are coming to Greater New Orleans WoWs all week!  Tonight: $9.99 All-You-Can-Eat Wings
  Yes! There's a WoW located at Texas Southern Univ.
 Celebrate Cinco de Mayo at your favorite WoW. Extreme Nachos, Sauza Margaritas, Sizzling Fajitas, and of course, lime-stuffed Coronas!
 WoW fans in Mt Juliet, Tenn - Check out this great deal on  today: 
 Email coupons for free appetizers are flying into inboxes this morning! Are you on the mailing list? Sign up here: www.wowwingmail.com
 More $1 drafts for the NFL Draft ! Come on by your local WoW and see who your favorite team picks tonight.
 WoW will be serving food at the Zurich Classic this weekend! Come and see us in the Harrah's 19th Hole Tent.
 Who are you pulling for the  to pick up tonight! 
 Enjoy $1 Bud Light Drafts during the NFL Draft this Thursday, Friday and Saturday at your local WoW!
 Tomorrow night - the Hornets look to even the series with the Lakers, watch it happen at your favorite WoW!
 Tomorrow night - the Hornets look to even the series with the Lakers, watch it happen at you favorite WoW!
 There's still spots left in the first ever WOW Golf Tournament - call now and reserve your spot! 
 We've got $1 Bud Light drafts this weekend for the NFL Draft at our Greater NOLA locations
 Fridays at WOW's Corporate Headquarters  (via 
 Yes Saints fans, that's Deuce McAllister! The Deuce is loose with  and  today at WOW Headquarters: 
 Have you had a chance to try our Maple Cinnamon Sauce at the Hwy 21 store in Covington? Great on wings and sweet potato fries!
  is offering a $50 gift card to the first person to predict the score of the next Hornets game. Enter here: 
  Absolutely! To sign up for the tournament, please contact Kim or Colleen at (985) 626-5710. More info here: 
 To celebrate WoWs 1st annual golf tourney on May 23, we're giving away a sleeve of WOW golf balls. Like this post to win: 
 Aww, shucks ;) We miss you, too! RT  the thing i miss the most about new orleans is 
 Menu Spotlight - Louisiana Combo Catch - Half Shrimp, Half Catfish. A great seafood dish, perfect for a Lenten lunch! 
 We'll be serving up wings at A Taste of Mid-City in New Orleans this Friday, April 15th. More details here: 
  Sorry to hear about that. Which location do you usually dine at?
 So glad you enjoyed it!  is right :) RT  Eating a burger and fries from WOW wingery! Yum!!! 
 We know you guys love chips and salsa and our queso, too. Who would be interested in a guacamole dip as an appetizer, too?
 Celebrate the Frederick Keys Season Opener at Wow Café & Wingery tonight in Frederick, MD at  
 Our 1st Annual Golf Tournament benefiting Safe Harbor w/  is coming up on May 23rd. More info & details: 
 $15 for $30 of Food at WOW Cafe & Wingery Uptown ( -  (via 
 Thanks for participating in the WOW Bracket Challenge! If you're in the top 3, email your address to reid to redeem your prize.
 Join us tonight for the big game - Butler vs UConn for the NCAA Men's Basketball Championship! 
 News from the WOW bossman: "We are working on some great new sauces and rubs. A new sauce we are testing is maple cinnamon!" (via 
 There's one weekend left in the WOW Bracket Challenge!!! Where do you stand? 
 Come on in for a Lenten lunch at WoW! Just one of many choices, the New Orleans classic Shrimp Po'Boy: 
 Our last email blast included a free appetizer w/ purchase of an entree. Are you on the list for the next offer? 
 This week at  MD '- Mon 3/28-$7 Lunch Specials, Happy Hour 4-8p & .99 wings, Tue 3/19 FREE Live Comedy.. 
 Glad to hear! RT  That sonoma sandwich from  was on point!!!
 Come out and watch the Madness with us and see which four teams move to the Elite 8 this evening! Who are you cheering for?
 Which do you prefer when snacking during the Madness?  Fried Pickles? Loaded Nachos? Maybe even a big Covington Salad? 
 So...where are YOU on the WOW Bracket Challenge Leaderboard after week 1? 
 Happy Anniversary to  We would like to thank all of our customers - Help us celebrate: 
 So...where are YOU on the WOW Bracket Challenge Leaderboard after week 1? 
 RT  March Madness at Wow Uptown. Come eat and drink with us!
 enten Menu Spotlight - Fried Shrimp. It's great with any of our sauces! 
  Thanks for choosing WoW last night! How was your visit?
 So happy to hear! RT  Just had some awesome wings from  
 MADNESS begins in less than an hour! Get your picks in NOW! www.wowbracketchallenge.com
 RT  Corned beef and cabbage at WOW Cafe on St. Patty's Day, which 
 Sign up for the WOW Bracket Challenge and YOU could win $1 million dollars: 
 Menu Spotlight - Shrimp Fajitas. A great dish any day of the week but the perfect choice for a Friday lunch during Lent: 
 Have you tried a WoW signature drinks lately? The Chalmation,Texas Two-Step,Key West Lime Drop... so many to choose from! 
 Spend a lovely Lundi Gras dinner at  - All you can eat wings for $9.99!
 Celebrate Mardi Gras with one of WoW's New Orleans inspired entrees:  
 Love it, thanks again! RT  MAGAZINE COVER - WOW Cafe & Wingery  For Foodservice Equipment & Supplies
 Can't wait for March Madness? Start making your pics for the WOW Bracket Challenge presented by Pepsi! 
 Glad you enjoyed them! RT  Great in Jamaican. (Boneless Wings  WOW Cafe & Wingery) on  
 Vote WOW Cafe' for "Best Wings" & "Best Sports Bar" at www.bestofcharlescounty.com  (via 
 Are you on Foursquare? Many locations offer exclusive deals for multiple check-ins and for mayors. Be sure to check in! 
 Waldorf, MD WoW fans, check out  Calendar of Events for March 2011! 
 UFC 127 is this weekend and many of our stores are ordering the fight. MMA fans be sure to call your local WOW or check their Facebook page!
 Events at WoW In Mt. Juliet, TN: RT  Wow Cafe presents! 
 March Madness is just around the corner!  We're pleased to bring you another year of the WOW Bracket Challenge, more details coming soon.
 RT  OMG.....Incredible lunch specials at Wow Uptown every day!
  Thanks for choosing WOW! How was our visit last night?
 So exciting! RT  Traveling to Erie, PA w/ Director of Development Ryan to our grand opening of WOW CAFE at Edinboro U! 
 RT  Go to www.bestofcharlescounty.com vote for WOW Cafe' in Waldorf, MD for the BEST WINGS!
 WOW's Bracket Challenge will return next month, so watch all the college basketball you can from now until tourney time so you're ready! ;)
 See you this Fall, University of Missouri-St. Louis!  
 Today's menu spotlight - the Buffalo Chicken Wrap!   
 Awesome! RT   just served me the best chicken quesadilla to date. Mmmm
 Would you like to join one of the nation's top 50 fastest growing chain restaurants of 2010 (that's us!)? Learn more here 
 Tonight at  Special Black History Month Comedy Show-Feat. Sampson McCormick &... 
 WoW at the Clearview Mall is Hiring EXPERIENCED Servers & Bartenders today! \ (via 
 Yollar Deal O' Day: $15 for $30 at  Clearview WoW Cafe & Wingery:  (via 
   Enjoy lunch today! Always glad to have you at 
 Menu Spotlight - Bangkok Salad! Fresh lettuce, crispy wontons, cucumbers & spicy thai peanut vinaigrette: 
 Thanks for the kind words, glad to hear! RT   i always love my visits to WOW Mt. Juliet - owner BRAD is a great host!
 Tonite at  MD - Ladies try something new for the Spring: Minx Nails!!! Minx & Moscato for only $11 
 Would you be interested in trying some new Dry Rub seasoning on your wings? Or do you prefer to down your wings with your favorite sauce?
 RT  WOW Cafe & Wingery and Q102 are giving you the chance to see Justin Bieber: Never Say Never... 
 What a great game last night! Thanks to everyone for spending their football season with WoW!
 Dinner on the brain?  How about some fresh chicken tenders from WoW?! 
 Super Parties for Super Bowls need Super Food Options. Luckily, we got ya covered. Just be sure to get those big carryout orders in soon!
 Lafayette WoW fans! RT  Fox 15 is hosting a SUPER BOWL viewing party Sunday, Feby 6th at WOW Wingery!!! 
 Super Bowl is approaching. We got the Game Day special for you! $24.99 for 50 wings, $49.99 for 100!  /via 
 RT  Kids 12 and under eat free tonight! 
 WoW is proud to sponsor Tulane's National Signing Day Party tonight!  Get all the details here: 
 RT  ALL YOU CAN EAT WINGS FOR ONLY $9.99 TONIGHT
 WOW Cafe and Wingery may get first liquor license in Picayune  (via 
  Thanks for the feedback!
 The Super Bowl is just around the corner! Have your party catered by your local WOW. Call today to place your order!
  Thanks for choosing WoW! How was your visit yesterday?
 Happy Hour time!  We miss football too, but the beer's still cold an the wings are hot here at WoW.  Time to get this weekend started right!
 Join  MD this weekend while we welcome Faycez U Know Band w/DJ El Boogie on Fri and Sat: 
 Menu Spotlight - Queso Dip! Warm, cheesy deliciousness to get your meal started or snack on while watching the game: 
  Glad to hear, and thanks for the feedback!
 Want to be WOWed for this year's Super Bowl? Get your game day orders in today!
  Thanks for choosing WoW! How was your visit last night?
 "BACK BY POPULAR DEMAND " Friday night party at  MD. This Friday Jan 28th 9pm-1am (via 
 WoW Cafe and Wingery is proud to sponsor Tulane football's National Signing Day Party next Weds 2/2: 
  So glad we could be a part of your wonderful weekend!  And thank you for the compliment!
 Jets vs. Steelers, Packers vs. Bears, Wings vs. Tossers, Pints vs. Pitchers. So many great matchups this weekend to watch at WoW!
 WOW Karaoke TONIGHT at 10pm at  in Manassas, VA! TGIF!!
 RT  Join us on Fri 1/21 (Signature Live Band w/DJ City), & Sat 1/22 Trouble Funk w/DJ 'EL' Boogie!!!  
 Are you on Facebook? So are we! "Like" WoW for mouth-watering meal ideas, discounts and giveaways: 
 Which do you prefer - the Mexican Rice Bowl or the Asian Rice Bowl?  Both sound good to me about now!
  Awesome, happy to hear! :)
 Only 1 hour left to enter to win FREE tickets to the New Orleans Hornets game against the Thunder on Jan 24! Enter here: 
  Thanks for choosing WoW! How was your visit today?
 Have you entered to win free Hornets tickets yet? What are you waiting for?! Visit WoW on Facebook right now to win: 
 Want to go to a New Orleans Hornets game for FREE? Tell us why on Facebook for your chance to win! 
 Happy MLK Day! Let's never stop pushin for our civil rights! Give Thanks... (via 
 Menu Spotlight - Greek Caesar Salad. This delicious salad is topped with tomatoes, olives, cucumbers and feta cheese  
 Join  tonight Fri 1/14 (Marcus Young Band w/DJ Gus), & Sat 1/15 Chanell London w/DJ Gus!!!
 Yes to all!  RT  Cold outside?  How about some Gumbo? Delicious Enchilada Soup? 
  Thanks for the feedback :)
 Who do you tend to go to WOW to spend more time with - family or friends? We want to know! 
 You're always eating fresh when you choose WoW.  Our wings are fresh, never frozen, and hand battered to order!
 RT  All you can eat wings for only $9.99 all night tonight!!!!!
 Sneak Peak of this week at  - Tues 1/11 Movie Nite (showing Happy Feet at 6:30pm), Wed 1/12 WOW Girls... 
 Exciting news: WOW will be opening 3 locations in the next two months! Coming soon to Miami, Alabama and more Georgia. (via 
 Tigers + Ducks + Wings = Tonight's BCS National Championship Game. Who's excited for the last college football game of the season?
 Wise words from the bossman! RT  Our customers are what make us the company we are and I thank you for the support.
  Oooh love to hear that! :) Hope your weekend was a blast!
 RT  LSU! LSU! LSU!  Freakin' crazy drink specials during the game. Come drink with us!!!!  Tonight at 7
 Finally Friday!  Who's ready for a weekend full of NFL showdowns? Visit your local WoW to see how it all goes down!
 Not sure what to do for lunch today? 
 RT  GRAND OPENING!!!! January 8th, 2011 from 11am to 4pm
 This week at  MD - Movie Nite Tonight (showing Toy Story at 6:30pm), WOW Girls Wednesday... 
 NOLA Food Delivery is now delivering  straight to your home!  (via 
 Need a Mt Juliet, TN Town Planner? Get one at WOW Wingery, Willie Nillie, etc...  (via 
 College Football at WoW continues! We've got the Orange Bowl tonight, the Sugar Bowl tomorrow, and the National Championship next week.
 RT  I posted 8 photos on Facebook in the album "NYE Weekend w/Chuck Brown" 
 WoW fans in VA - Don't miss NYE at  in Manassas! Free wing buffet  10:00 Champagne Toast at midnight... 
 We're watching bowl games and toasting to 2011 tonight, join us!  And a Happy New Year to all!
  Thanks for choosing WoW! How was your visit today?
  Hope you enjoyed your late lunch today!
 Have friends and family visiting for New Years?  Treat them to a delicious New Orleans inspired entree from WoW! 
 WOW Cafe & Wingery is NOW HIRING Kitchen Crew (Metairie Clearview Mall)  (via 
  Such a great deal! Hope you and your gang enjoy your visit!
   What a great Saints victory last night! How was your visit for the game?
 Weigh in on Facebook - Which do YOU prefer - our crispy delicious Chicken Tenders or our saucy Chicken Tossers? 
 Saints & The Dirty Birds on MNF! Come join  for $20 All You Can Eat Wings & Beer!
 Watch the Saints game with  tonight. 16 TV's and great specials during game. Special surprise for halftime!!!!  ;)
 WOW Cafe & Wingery is NOW HIRING Kitchen Crew (Metairie Clearview Mall)   (via 
 Merry Christmas from the entire WoW family to yours!
 Lots of exclusive deals coming in the new year that you can only grab from being on our email list. Sign up today! 
  Hope you're enjoying your trip to New Orleans!  Thanks for coming in last night!
  Thanks for choosing WOW!  How was your visit last night?
  Thanks for your feedback!
 What's more important in your dining experience - good food or good service?
 Join  MD on tonight for our last "COMEDY SHOW" of 2010: 
 After the new year we've got several new WOW Cafe & Wingery locations opening.. can't wait to tell you where!
 RT  Great Stocking Stuffers! 
 It's Monday! That means All You Can Eat Wings for $9.99  
  Thanks so much for the  Right back at ya!
 Looking to feed your team or office? Let WoW cater your event!
  Thanks for choosing WoW! How was your visit last night?
 Not sure about dinner tonight?  How about these Cheeseburger Quesadillas from WoW: 
 What Thai flavored sauce do you prefer - the smooth Thai Peanut or the spicy Paradise City?
 Thanks for the kind words, so happy to hear! RT  Some of the best food in Towne Lake! ( WOW Cafe & Wingery)
 WoW girls at   ttp://fb.me/LGPlHP8Z
  Thanks for choosing WoW! How was your visit last night?
  And what a great game that was!! We're always showing MNF so come on by next week!
 This week at  Monday Nite Football (Baltimore vs. Houston), Tues Movie Nite showing "AVATAR"... 
  Congrats Mr. Mayor! :) Thank you for choosing WoW!
  Thanks so much, that sounds great! Please DM me details and I can put you in touch with the right person.
 Happy Hour time! Head on over to your local WoW for a seasonal Sam Adams Winter Lager.
 Why did the chicken cross the road? 
 Tonight starts a great weekend of live performances at  MD - Fri 12/10 "PEACE BY PIECE... 
  Yippee, enjoy! And thanks for choosing WoW!
  Thank you so much for the  Right back at ya :)
 Today's menu spotlight - a warm tasty bowl of Red Beans and Rice:   A New Orleans classic, done right!
 Just a little something to get you in the mood for lunch: 
 Give the gift of WoW this holiday season! Get free sauce w/ a $25 gift certificate. See your local WoW for details: 
  in Waldorf, MD is now serving Samuel Adams Winter Lager. Try it with a Paradise City Saucy Shrimp Dish! 
  Well thanks!  So happy to hear!
 It's Movie Nite  Tonite we are showing "The Incredibles" and Kids Eat Free w/ Adult meal purchase. 
 Aw thanks! RT  i miss when i used to work at  .... the best food in the world!! =)
  Nice! Thanks for choosing WoW, look forward to having you back again soon.
 It's not too late to enter to win a FREE bottle of sauce! Visit our Facebook page to find out how: 
 Tonight! Monday Nite Football  Maryland - N.Y. Jets at New England 8:30p. $6 Martini's! 
 Want to win a FREE bottle of our award-winning Buffalo II sauce? Tell us your your favorite thing about your local WoW! 
  Glad we can fill your Louisiana food craving! What did you go with last night?
 RT  Changing the way you drink beer... one tube at a time! 
   Thanks for the 
  Thanks so much! Happy to hear :)
 Tonight! RT  The return of the Friday night party at  in Waldorf, MD Dec 3rd 9pm-1am 
  Nice!  How was your visit last night?
 Oh my delicious: 
  Thanks for the kind words! We appreciate your support.  And cheers right back at ya!
 WoW continues to grow! 
 Yum! What's the verdict? RT   sampling veggie burgers and cajun fried chickens for lunch!
 December 2010 Calendar of Events   Lot's of surprises... Check it out :) 
 Awesome! RT  Tulane Head Baseball Coach Rick Jones and former New York Met Ron Swoboda visit WOW Uptown! 
 What's your favorite  inspired entree - Red Beans and Rice, Gumbo, Louisiana Catfish, or Fried Gulf Shrimp?
  It's closed for now, but there is still a possibly that the Severn location will re-open.
  Thanks for choosing WoW last night!  Hope you enjoyed your visit.  Did you try any of our local brews on tap?
 Don't miss your chance to win free sauce! Head over to Facebook now to find out how: 
 What were you thankful for over the holiday weekend? Tell us on Facebook to win a FREE bottle of our Buffalo sauce! 
 Wishing you and yours a very Happy Thanksgiving! Thanks for being a part of the WoW family!
  is open Thanksgiving Day!!! !
 Tulane basketball coaches radio show will debut on Monday: Show will be taped at WOW Wingery  (via 
 Not sure what to do for dinner tonight?  How about a fresh Asian Shrimp Bowl from WoW!  
 Do tell! What's your favorite type of Quesadilla - Garden Veggie, Shrimp,  Chicken, Steak, or Cheeseburger? 
  Thanks for checking in today! How was your visit?
 What WOWed you this weekend? The most creative reply will win a FREE bottle of BBQ sauce! Entries must be in by 7pm EST. 
  Congrats, Mr. Mayor!
 Today and everyday! RT  WOW is ready for your ballgame takeout orders! Try the Paradise City saucy shrimp! And the Acadian wings!!
 Come watch the games with us at  Great drink specials all Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. $10 beer... 
 Sign up at  to get a special offer in your email! (via 
 Teaser alert!! RT  Heading back from Tallahassee - new Wow announcement will be coming soon!!!!
 The return of the Friday night party at WOW in Waldorf MD Friday Dec 3rd 9pm-1am  with FAYCEZ U (via 
 Interested in owning your own WOW? Learn more in the "Own the WOW" tab of our Facebook page. 
  Thanks for choosing WoW! How was your dinner tonight?
 RT  Eat for half price at WOW Cafe & Wingery on Magazine Street. 
 Check out  photos from Halloween 2010! 
 What's your favorite Texas Toast burger - Philly, The Big Easy, Texas, El Paso, or Crescent City?
 WOW Cafe & Wingery in The Clearview Mall is Hiring Servers & Hostesses (Metairie, LA):  (via 
 Don't miss your chance to win free sauce!  Head over to Facebook now to find out how:  
 RT  Having fun this month with lots of events planned to start off the holidayz!!! 
  Thanks for choosing WoW! How was your visit yesterday?
 Head to Facebook and tell us how our BBQ wings taste. Be creative, and YOU could be this week's winner of free WoW sauce! 
 Only at  WOW Cafe', Waldorf, MD will you be able to party with the CONCLUSION BAND on Fri 11/12! 
  Thanks for choosing WoW!  How was your visit last night?
 RT  Business is good! We ar hiring! We have immediate openings for 3 hostesses and 2 servers! Come in and apply!
 WOW NOW in Manassas, VA: Saturday Night "Live" every Sat starting at 10 pm. Live Bands!  
 WOW! Wingery just signed up as vendors for Sunday w/ the Sirens! This Sun. 2-6 pm  2nd Line Stages. Music by Anders Osborne (via 
 RT  wishes everyone a Happy Veterans Day. As a thank you for our freedom Veterans & active Military eat free 
 RT  Veterans and our current Military Men and Women eat FREE at WoW in Waldorf, MD - We thank you for your service!
 Veterans Day! Veterans & active military eat free at WoW today. Call your loc to ensure participation. And thank you all for your service!
  Thanks for coming in for dinner last night! How was your visit?
 RT  Don't forget tomorrow! Veterans eat free at WOW Clearview. We our a Veteran owned business. Support our troops!
 Waldorf, MD WoW fans - Join  on Wed 11/10 for "KAROAKE"!!!  Teachers nite as well, with DJ "City"...
 Tomorrow - Veterans and our current Military Men and Women eat FREE at participating WOW stores. 
 RT  November 21st WOW Cafe' welcomes "Even the Score" for the Redskins vs. Tennesse game! 
 This Friday is the "WOW ITS HIP HOP" show at WoW Wingery at Tulane University. It's free and there's an open mic!!!!!! (via 
 This Thursday Veterans and active military eat FREE at WoW! (Select locations only, call yours to ensure participation) 
 We're proud to sponsor tonight's premiere of "Glory Days" at NOMA. Get tickets and watch the trailer here: 
 Tuesday's at WoW Waldorf are not just "Kids Eat Free" nite - but now they are also "MOVIE NITE"!!!   (viav
 What should we name our fun wkly sauce giveaway? Best answer on Facebook wins a bottle of our award winning Buffalo sauce 
 RT  Veterans Dine for Free on Veteran's Day - at WoW Cafe & Wingery Clearview Mall... 
 Weekly Sauce Giveaway begins today! Each Monday you can win a FREE bottle of WoW sauce by answering a ques on Facebook: 
 Wow Cafe & Wingery Gift Certificate in Covington, LA  (via 
 RT  Wingery Veterans and current military members get a free meal at WOW Cafe in Frederick for Veterans Day!
 It's almost happy hour time! Head over to your local WoW for great drink specials to get your weekend started right.
  Thanks for the  Right back at ya :) Hope to see you soon for margaritas!
 Shadz of Soul will be performing live at WOW Cafe' in Waldorf. Friday, Nov 5th, show starts at 9:30p.  /via 
 RT  It's getting cold outside - WOW Cafe is giving $1 off for gumbo and Red Beans and Rice all month
 Awesome! RT  John Fourcade visits WOW Uptown! 
 Yes! RT  Veterans eat free on Veteran's day! Call for details!
 Veterans and current military members get a free meal at WoW for Veterans Day! Select locations only, call yours today. 
 Can't wait to see it! RT  Headin back from new WOW CAFE at TUskeegee University in Alabama.  Great new store.
  Thanks for choosing WoW! How was your visit yesterday?
 RT       showing at all WOW Cafe and Wingery locations
  Awesome! The West Coast Veggie wrap is a personal fave, too :)  Look forward to seeing you soon in Frederick!
 What's your favorite WOW wrap - Sonoma, West Coast Veggie, Buffalo, Kentucky, or Memphis?  
 Get ready for the WoW HIP HOP open mic event at WoW Wingery on Tulane's campus next Friday! No cover, starts at 8p via 
  Thanks for choosing WoW last night! Hope you enjoyed those fried pickles. (mm I'm dreaming of some now...!)
  Fantastic! Happy to hear :)
 Keep in touch with all your favorite WoW locations and employees, follow our "Team WoW" list here: 
  Thanks for choosing WoW!  How was your visit last night?
 Halloween was a blast at WoW! 
 RT  Let's Get Out & Vote Today! 
  Yummm! Our red beans and rice are a personal favorite, too.  And so cool that they taste just like Aunt Marcia's :)
  Awesome, thanks! What's your go-to menu item?
 Stop by your local WoW for drink specials all weekend long!
 In Manassas, VA! RT  Halloween 2010.. are you ready? WOW is! Ice Luge, Real Psychic, Costume Contests, DJ and lots of specials!
 Upcoming events at  Fri, 10/29 Signature Band + Sat, 10/30 Halloween Masquerade Party! 
 On Veterans Day, November 11, we're inviting veterans and current members of the military to come EAT FREE at WoW! 
 RT  Have a little surprise waiting for our customers at 
 Remember that hint to sign up for Groupon yesterday? Today's deal is $15 for $30 worth of food at WoW in NOLA! 
 RT  Got a case of the Mondays? Come join us for a $3 Margarita!
 WoW fans in Waldorf, MD: Save over 50% off!  (via 
  Thanks for choosing WoW! How was your visit last night?
 Baseball fans, the ALCS and NLCS continue today, root root root for your home team at your local Wow!
 What's your preference - homemade chips, french fries, or sweet potato fries?
 So happy to hear! Glad you enjoyed your visit. RT  Man this margarita is bangin! 
 Happy hour time! Stop by your local WoW for drink specials to get the weekend started right.
 $10 for $20 Worth of Saucy Wings and More at WOW Café and Wingery in Mt. Juliet, TN  (via 
 Stop by Tulane's LBC Quad today 12-2pm for free food from WoW & music from Glen David Andrews!  (via 
 Wings + Beer + Football = Awesome Monday Nights.  Head over to your local WoW for all the action tonight.
 We're looking for a PT Marketing Assistant to work out of our corporate office in Covington, LA Details and how to apply: 
  Great pic! Hope you enjoyed your visit to WoW!
 Menu Spotlight - Baja Chicken Enchilada Soup. The perfect way to warm up now that the weather's getting cooler: 
 WoW discounts and coupons straight to your inbox:  Join today!
  Great to hear :)
  Sounds so lovely! How was your visit last night?
 Menu spotlight - Sweet Potato Fries. A fantastic side item that can be a heck of an appetizer w/ ranch dressing! 
  Sounds like a great night! Hope you enjoyed your visit.
 It's Monday night! Who's up for some beer, wings and football at your local WoW?
 Interested in working at your local WOW? Apply online: 
  Thanks for coming in to  for dinner last night! How was your visit?
  Hope you enjoyed your lunch today!
 We would also like to congratulate our 2010 Rookie of the Year, Stephen Klein of 
 Lots of awards to announce today! First up, many congrats to the the 2010 Franchisee of the Year, Guy Thomas of 
 Time for another great Monday night at WoW: Beer + Football + Wings Hope to see you there!
 The talk on  We're awarding our Franchise of the Year today. Which store do YOU think deserves to bring it home? 
  Sounds like a good day! :)
 Looking forward to having our whole WoW family in New Orleans, our annual franchise conference kicks off tonight!
 WoW fans in Rome, GA - Get $10 for $20 worth of food at the WoW Cafe in Rome! 
 Monday Night Football! Wings + Beer + the Champion New Orleans Saints vs. the San Francisco 49ers = an awesome way to start the week off.
 It's happy hour! Enjoy your choice local brew with a fresh plate of chips and salsa. Yum!  
   Thanks for choosing WoW! How was your visit last night?
 Enjoy quality and taste... WoW's award-winning signature sauces are made from scratch with the finest ingredients in the world!
 Give us your feedback: 
 Not sure what to do for lunch? How about a 100% USDA Angus Beef Texas Toast Burger... mmmm 
 Looking for a place to watch Monday night football? Come on by your local WoW for a classic combo of beer and wings!
 Half rack of ribs and a pitcher of beer for only $9.99 at the Uptown WoW today!
 Time for happy hour! Hope to see you out there tonight.
 WOW Cafe wins again (and again and again) at National Buffalo Wing Festival! Great story on NewOrleans.com - 
 See ya in Championship Square! 
  Hehe, very nice :)
  Thanks so much, you too!
 What a blast at the Wingfest, Santa Fe Chipotle won for best Creative Spicy Wing Sauce! We're bringing this home: 
 RT  NJ Restaurant Menus: The menu for WOW Cafe and Wingery in Newark, NJ has been added  
 Anyone else up there in Penn?  A Wow may be coming your way... RT  In Erie, Pennsylvania! Checking out a campus for Wow Cafe!
  Nice! It's always fun to switch it up sometimes :)
 Talking quesadillas - What kind do you prefer: chicken, shrimp, steak, cheeseburger, or garden fresh veggie? 
 Come out this Tuesday, August 31st, to WOW Wingery in Waldorf to laugh with Alycia Cooper, Khai Morgan, and Pat Brown!!!!  (via 
  So happy to hear!
 New Orleans Saints fans christen Champions Square. Stop by the WoW for some wings and
 Menu spotlight: Southwest Eggrolls. Chicken, pepper jack, jalapenos, black beans, spinach, corn, cilantro & garlic. YUM! 
 Our sauce lineup for the Natl Buffalo Wing Fest: Buffalo II, Buffalo XIII, Kansas City, Paradise City, Acadian, Santa Fe Which is your fave?
 Counting down the days until the National Buffalo Wing Festival! 
   Thanks for choosing WoW! Hope you enjoyed your lunch!
 It's finally Friday!  Stop by WoW during happy hour for great drinks specials and lots of beers on tap.
 Menu spotlight: Buffalo Chicken Wrap with a side of cool blue cheese   Come on in and try one for dinner tonight!
  Congrats to the newest  mayor! Glad to hear you enjoyed your victory glass of Blue Moon last night.
 UNO's Restaurant Recovery research team talks to WoW CEO  "Paul Ballard, A New Orleans Inspired Wingman" 
 We are so excited about our newest New Orleans location in Champions Square! Geaux Saints!
  Ooh the Acadian sauce is quite delicious, and so representative of Louisiana! Thanks for your input!
 Bossman  is deciding what sauce WoW should enter in the National Buffalo Wing Fest in two weeks. What do you think?
 Wow Cafe and Wingery Gift Certificate in Frederick, MD    (via 
 Want to thank Patrick and Chris and Jeff and team working hard opening 9 WOW cafe stores over the next two weeks!! (via 
 So glad to hear! RT  Love the wings ( Wow Cafe And Wingery)
