 Post Edited: What Do I Charge? ()
 Post Edited: Time Management for the Spirit-Based Business ()
 New post: Love Is Controversial ()
 New post: Step Away From The Troll ()
 Dropbox. It goes to 11. 
 New post: My Apologies for My Absence ()
  I followed your link - it didn't go anywhere
  teaches us to be sacredly self-centered - Women's Spiritual Leadership Teleconference 
 Check this video out -- Managing Massive Change with Kelle Sparta 
  Missed this when you first sent it - thanks!  I like it a lot! (Derricknym)
 Creating Relationships On The Web - How to Dive Deep With People You've Never Met - Teleclass, Apr 12, 13, & 14 - 
 Creating Relationships On The Web - How to Dive Deep With People You've Never Met - Teleclass, Apr 12, 13, & 14 - 
 Creating Relationships On The Web - How to Dive Deep With People You've Never Met - Teleclass, Apr 12, 13, & 14 - 
 Creating Relationships On The Web - How to Dive Deep With People You've Never Met - Teleclass, Apr 12, 13, & 14 - 
 Did you miss it? You don't have to! - Get the Recording (MP3) of The Women's Spiritual Leadership Conference - 
 Create Community with  - Women's Spiritual Leadership Teleconference 
 Women's Spiritual Leadership Teleconference - Voice the Love with Coach Minx Boren 
 Empower Teens to Become Powerful Women - Women's Spiritual Leadership Teleconference with DeAnna L'am 
 BE JOY - Barbara Kline tells you how - Women's Spiritual Leadership Teleconference 
 Leadership from a Place of Pleasure and Desire w/ - Women's Spiritual Leadership Teleconference 
 Women of Power, Here is Your Community! Women's Spiritual Leadership Teleconference 
 Vision the New World With Top Women Leaders - Women's Spiritual Leadership Teleconference 
 Women Workshop Leaders - Join the Conversation - Women's Spiritual Leadership Teleconference 
 Find BOTH Power and Peace with  - Women's Spiritual Leadership Teleconference 
 Purposeful Evolution with  (ALisa Starkweather) - Women's Spiritual Leadership Teleconference 
 Women Coaches - Join The Conversation - Women's Spiritual Leadership Teleconference 
 Connect with Other Women - Women's Spiritual Leadership Teleconference with  &  
 Women Speakers - Join the Conversation - Women's Spiritual Leadership Teleconference 
  - can't find your phone number anywhere online - please call me re: podcast 508-243-6257
 Nurture Your Connections the Feminine way with Juanita Brown, author of The World Cafe -  
 RT  35 Tips Tricks To Manage and Handle Multi-Author Blogs | Wordpress 
 Voicing the Love with Minx Boren - The Womens Spiritual Leadership Teleconference - 
 I love these workshops and they are having intros in Boston and NYC soon - check it out! 
 RT  The Energy of Money: Master the Art of Making Money & Doing What You Love w/ ? ...
 Learn To Connect with Other Women -Women's Spiritual Leadership Teleconference with  &  
  - Love the new pic!  You look fabulous darling!  I sent  your way - hope you two connect!
  My pleasure!
  Thanks!  I'm glad you liked it!  (I'm even happier it worked!)  ;-)
 "Sometimes you have to take the leap, and build your wings on the way down." -Kobi Yamada
 New post: What Do I Charge? ()
  I'm doing awesome thanks!  How about yourself?
  glad to hear it!  I knew you two would get along!  :-)
 Sorry for all the updates. This post has been freezing in Wordpress & I had to totally repost it. I've deleted the duplicates from the feed.
 Post Edited: Why You're Not Making Money - And How You Can ()
  make sure you look up Adela Rubio - you'll be glad you did - she's our kind of people.
 Audio File Uploaded for "Why You're Not Making Money and How You Can" teleseminar recording!  
   you're right, that building is a disaster for new construction!
 Attending Chellie Campbell's Financial Stress Reduction Teleclass next week.  Been wanting to for years!  Join me!  
 Finally posted the interview with Chellie Campbell from last month.  You're going to love this one!  
 Post Edited: Training to Different Generations with Yvonne F. Brown ()
 New post: Building Your Speaking Business - An Interview With Chellie Campbell ()
  Give me a call - right now tomorrow and Friday look good.
 “That’s Just how I Am”, Why you may want to change before mainstream media runs away with you:  via 
  Thanks, Wendy!  You made my day!  (Give me a shout soon and let's chat!)
  Relief Efforts - text HAITI to 90999, and a $10 donation to the Red Cross will be added to your cell phone bill
  Wendy - thanks for the mention- looking forward to hearing from you too!  Don't miss the teleseminar today-it's going to be awesome!
   Sometimes you have to take the leap,and build your wings on the way down.  -Kobi Yamada
 New link posted:  
  - To get more than one use out of what I do, they start as a teleconference. Eventually, they'll be a product. Planning good.
  My podcast is a combination of educational programs that I teach and interviews that I give.
  The teleconference BECAME a podcast.  If you missed it live (or didn't want to sign in), it's on my feed now as a recording.
 Speakers know your audience or pay the Price.  Get smart with these 5 pitfalls.
 Speaking with Yvonne F. Brown about inter-generational speaking.  Want to get the podcast?  
 Post Edited: Upcoming Workshop Business Skills Teleseminar with Chellie Campbell ()
 Post Edited: Training to Different Generations with Yvonne F. Brown ()
 Post Edited: Why You're Not Making Money - And How You Can ()
 Just Got a Testimonial!  "Kelle delivers the goods with a powerful 1-2 punch: rich content and humor. Glad to uncovered this treasure!"
 Psst - did you know I'm also a top speaker in the real estate industry?  Here's my solution to the housing crisis:  
  I LOVE Richard Bach!  His book, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah, is my favorite book ever.
  Kathleen Norris: Prayer is not asking for what you think you want, but asking to be changed in ways you can't imagine.
 I get organic produce delivery and they sent me purple potatoes this week. So I'm making purple mashed potatoes. It's an adventure!
 Been doing tech work for two days - one of these days I'll take my own advice and hire it out - but only if they can do it as fast as I can!
 Post Edited: Holding Space Without Wearing Yourself Out ()
 Post Edited: How Do You Want It To Feel? ()
 Post Edited: Time Management for the Spirit-Based Business ()
 Post Edited: Getting More Referrals ()
 Post Edited: Retreat To Greatness ()
 Post Edited: Sample Speaker Contracts ()
 Post Edited: Why You're Not Making Money - And How You Can ()
 Post Edited: Upcoming Workshop Business Skills Teleseminar with Chellie Campbell ()
 Post Edited: Training to Different Generations with Yvonne F. Brown ()
