 Does your church make a good first impression? 
 Church admin isn't glamorous but its important. Download this FREE resource & help your staff handle documents properly 
 Leadership lessons from Mumford & Sons: How a British bluegrass band demonstrated effective institutional leadership.  
 Does your ministry really have a Christ-centered mindset? Read this article and perhaps reevaluate… 
 The church's commitment must remain to the building of the local church. 
 Church admin isn't glamorous but its important. Download this FREE resource & help your staff handle documents properly 
 The church's commitment must remain to the building of the local church. 
 RT  Jasmin's Daily Hug is out!  ▸ Top stories today via   
 The church's commitment must remain to the building of the local church.
 Going on a short term missions trip? Here's a guide to managing risks of short-term missions to dangerous destinations. 
 RT  John Stott died from complications related to old age. Obituary on a key architect of evangelicalism:
 Learning to Lead from Mumford & Sons: How a British bluegrass band demonstrated effective institutional leadership.  
 Download this FREE guide to provide basic training and orientation for your adult Sunday school teachers for fall 
 Psalm 13:5 But I trust in your unfailing love; my heart rejoices in your salvation.
 American culture tends to favor extroverts over introverts, but not everyone called to lead in ministry is extroverted! 
 Hunger makes you weak, but purposely going hungry is a powerful experience: finding power in weakness through fasting. 
 Have you developed a strategic plan for your church? (Fall is fast approaching!) Get tips on what to and not to do: 
 How could our ministries be transformed if we allowed God, through his Word, to fill us, change us? 
 Do you pass out children's bulletins? Download and print these to save time and teach children the gospel 
 Margaret Feinberg on why social media is NOT optional if you are a leader in ministry: 
 Have developed a strategic plan for your church? (Fall is fast approaching!) Get tips on what to and not to do: 
 RT  Untrained leaders are a major cause of problems in ministry.....
 Download this resource and we'll send you a free Bible!
 RT  Thankful shoutouts to          ...
 Hospitality should not be under-valued: ten mind-blowing facts to fuel your hospitality ministry. 
 Get these helpful articles to launch a lay counseling ministry in your church. Minister to those who are hurting. 
  Glad you've found it helpful!
 Hospitality should not be under-valued: ten mind-blowing facts to fuel your hospitality ministry. 
  American culture tends to favor extroverts over introverts, but not everyone called to lead in 
 Go Deeper With God with this free Bible study! Download now and enjoy some quiet time later on: 
 American culture tends to favor extroverts over introverts, but not everyone called to lead in ministry is extroverted! 
 The importance of passion as a ministry leader: Let your enthusiasm and joy become contagious. 
 Have developed a strategic plan for your church? (Fall is fast approaching!) Get tips on what to and not to do: 
 The importance of passion as a ministry leader: Let your enthusiasm and joy become contagious. 
 RT  Good words by  on why social media is NOT optional 4 church & ministry leaders  / via 
 Do you pass out children's bulletins? Download and print these to save time and teach children the gospel 
 Margaret Feinberg on why social media is NOT optional if you are a leader in ministry: 
 The importance of passion as a ministry leader: Let your enthusiasm and joy become contagious. 
 This Monday morning, let's focus on why we can always count on God. No matter what. 
 Engaging Pop Culture:Culturally savvy Christians follow a path of neither the cultural glutton nor the cultural anorexic. 
 Margaret Feinberg on why social media is NOT optional if you are a leader in ministry: 
 RT  A free resource to help strengthen your heart & understand how it specifically affects leadership  
 Women leaders: here's a free resource to help strengthen your heart & understand how it specifically affects leadership 
 How one church can design a leadership training plan w/ resources from us!    
 10 ideas for summer outreach: simple ways to open the door for conversation 
 Engaging Pop Culture:Culturally savvy Christians follow a path of neither the cultural glutton nor the cultural anorexic. 
 Do you pass out children's bulletins? Download and print these to save time and teach children the gospel 
 Keri Wyatt Kent on the importance of regular, devotional Bible study. 
 RT  Q & A: Bristol Palin on abstinence, her "come to Jesus" moment & why her mom "has God on her side." 
 How could our ministries be transformed if we allowed God, through his Word, to fill us, change us? 
 Engaging Pop Culture:Culturally savvy Christians follow a path of neither the cultural glutton nor the cultural anorexic. 
 Engaging Pop Culture:Culturally savvy Christians follow a path of neither the cultural glutton nor the cultural anorexic. 
 Women leaders: here's a free resource to help strengthen your heart & understand how it specifically affects leadership 
 Engaging Pop Culture:Culturally savvy Christians follow a path of neither the cultural glutton nor the cultural anorexic. 
 Download this resource and we'll send you a free Bible!
 10 ideas for summer outreach: simple ways to open the door for conversation 
  Thanks for the 
 RT  Q&A: Francis Chan on Rob Bell and Hell | Why 'Erasing Hell' was his most difficult book. 
 Hunger makes you weak, but purposely going hungry is a powerful experience: finding power in weakness through fasting. 
 Is your church discipling? Download this free guide to assess and reflect on your efforts toward fostering growth. 
 10 ideas for summer outreach: simple ways to open the door for conversation 
 In  taking time to notice each child's specific strengths helps pastors and teaching develop better leaders 
 For a limited time download Teaching God’s Story, & we’ll mail you a complimentary copy of the new Common English NT! 
 RT  Why is "Social Justice" a dirty phrase for many evangelicals? 
 There are so many angles w which to address it, use this resource to think biblically ab social justice in your church 
 If you're a ministry leader, you should know these: Four Myths About Senior Adults 
 Our newest blog post: What if there was a reality show for leaders? 
 Church admin isn't glamorous but its important. Download this FREE resource & help your staff handle documents properly 
 Women leaders: here's a free resource to help strengthen your heart & understand how it specifically affects leadership 
 Women leaders: here's a free resource to help strengthen your heart & understand how it specifically affects leadership 
 RT  You have to be honest with yourself before you can be honest with others. 
 Voiceless Children: Kids in need of the greatest care are often the quietest kids. Watch this 2 minute video article 
 Download this resource and we'll send you a free Bible!
 For a limited time: download Teaching God's Story and we'll send you a FREE Common English New Testament Bible!! 
 Download this focused training resource & prepare your new leaders for long-term success in ministry. 
 American culture tends to favor extroverts over introverts, but not everyone called to lead in ministry is extroverted! 
 Does your ministry really have a Christ-centered mindset? Read this article and perhaps reevaluate… 
 Check out this sample of how one church can design a leadership training plan with resources from us! 
 Church admin isn't glamorous but its important. Download this FREE resource & help your staff handle documents properly 
 Are you equipping your church volunteers for what's in store for them this summer? Take this assessment to find out: 
 American culture tends to favor extroverts over introverts, but not everyone called to lead in ministry is extroverted! 
 Check out this sample of how one church can design a leadership training plan with resources from us! 
 One young man shares the value of young people participating in short term missions: learn from his experience 
 David Staal's fun little story makes a very big point everyone in children's ministry should take to heart.2-min video: 
 Our tendency is to shield children from the painful stories of the Bible. Teach the whole story, & God's faithfulness: 
 9.	"When the tree stops growing, the fruit starts to rot." How to Last as a Leader: Never lose the spirit of a learner 
 Senior &  pastors: ever find it challenging to connect 2 church ministries?Read these tips to stay connected 
 Church admin isn't glamorous but its important. Download this FREE resource & help your staff handle documents properly 
 American culture tends to favor extroverts over introverts, but not everyone called to lead in ministry is extroverted! 
 For a limited time download Teaching God’s Story, & we’ll mail you a complimentary copy of the new Common English NT! 
 How can church staff members support each others' ministries? Gary Fenton answers this question: 
 RT  What could happen if churches decided to B the community instead of just trying to attract the community? 
 Harness the power of story to teach God's truth:Get Teaching God’s Story & we’ll send u a free Common English NT! 
 Is your church in transition? Download this free resource to organize & effectively carry out a pastoral search process 
 70% of youth leave the church by the time they are 22.Resist complacency, read Reaching Millenials Who Leave the Faith: 
 Psalm 25:1 "In you, LORD my God, I put my trust." Trusting God will keep us from the sin of worrying. 
 In  taking time to notice each child's specific strengths helps pastors and teaching develop better leaders 
 Why churches don’t grow: is one of these 5 barriers to church growth affecting your church? 
 1.	RT  why is it necessary to belong to a local church? "The Church Alone: Part 2." WATCH: 
 Happy Friday & start of a long wknd! Download this free resource & spend some time in contemplative prayer this weekend 
 RT  New post: “Seven Rules for More Effective Meetings.” Your meetings don’ have to be a waste of time  
 For a limited time download Teaching God’s Story, & we’ll mail you a complimentary copy of the new Common English NT! 
 RT All Ministry Is Local | Out of Ur | Conversations for Ministry Leaders 
 Check out this sample of how one church can design a leadership training plan with resources from us! 
 Agreed! So important -- good stuff! RT  The best question a leader asks to evaluate...new post: 
 Church admin isn't glamorous but its important. Download this FREE resource & help your staff handle documents properly 
 Download this NEW 1-year Bible study track for teens & encourage teenagers to spend time in the Word. 
 Get a complimentary copy of the new Common English New Testament when you download Teaching God’s Story!  
 Build the team BEFORE the trip. Important tips for short term missions trips: 
 Are you equipping your church volunteers for what's in store for them this summer? Take this assessment to find out: 
 Does your everyday business allow for spiritual laziness? A temptation that's hard to avoid... 
 The spiritual practice of trust helps us obey the command against worrying, but it's much easier said than done. 
 Download this free resource and spend some time in contemplative prayer this week. 
 Harness the power of story to teach God's truth:Get Teaching God’s Story & we’ll send u a free Common English NT! 
 What are your church goals this summer? Download this FREE resource 2 assess & reflect on efforts for fostering growth 
 For a limited time download Teaching God’s Story, & we’ll mail you a complimentary copy of the new Common English NT! 
 What are your church goals this summer? Download this FREE resource 2 assess & reflect on efforts for fostering growth 
 Our tendency is to shield children from the painful stories of the Bible. Teach the whole story, & God's faithfulness: 
 Need volunteers for this summer? Develop and train volunteer who will stick with the ministry with this guide: 
 Seek God's wisdom for when to stay and when to leave a church. 
 Ask yourself these 5 questions w regards to your church growth & evaluate opportunities for improvement 
 One young man shares the value of young people participating in short term missions: learn from his experience 
 Happy Friday Afternoon! Download this FREE resource w practical ways 2 guide your church into more effective evangelism 
 Our tendency is to shield children from the painful stories of the Bible. Teach the whole story, & God's faithfulness: 
 Do we tell our children Jesus’ promise that in this world we will have troubles? 
 David Staal's fun little story makes a very big point everyone in children's ministry should take to heart.2-min video: 
 RT  Thought-provoking words about us as "consumers" & "leaders" in & of our worship of God 2.5min vid 
 How to help leaders maintain focus & enthusiasm on the vision & values of your church? Leith Anderson sheds some light: 
 RT   Amen! (from a toddler teacher) We *all* need to know *all* God is in the Bible. 
  piece: Christian Microfinance Stays on a Mission 
 Psalm 120:1 I took my troubles to the Lord; I cried out to him, and he answered my prayer.
 What are your church goals this summer? Use this free resource to assess & reflect on efforts toward fostering growth 
 Our tendency is to shield children from the painful stories of the Bible. Teach the whole story, & God's faithfulness: 
 RT  The Post-American Church: Part Dos - The American church still has enormous influence to steward 
 Senior &  pastors: ever find it challenging to connect 2 church ministries?Read these tips to stay connected 
 Keep yourself & your team nourished  RT  Sign of approaching burnout: your fuse is shorter than normal.
 One of the most startling and challenging commandments of Jesus is this: do not worry. 
 Download this free resource to help you teach the Bible to children & learn some new techniques to use this summer 
 What are your church goals this summer? Use this free resource to assess & reflect on efforts toward fostering growth 
 How can church staff members support each others' ministries? Gary Fenton answers this question: 
  Thanks for the 
 Happy Friday & start of a long wknd! Download this free resource & spend some time in contemplative prayer this weekend 
 How can church staff members support each others' ministries? Gary Fenton answers this question: 
 Do you pass out children's bulletins? Download and print these to save time and teach children the gospel 
 Psalm 25:1 "In you, LORD my God, I put my trust." Trusting God will keep us from the sin of worrying. 
  thanks! saw your great booth at 
 Is your church in transition? Download this free resource to organize & effectively carry out a pastoral search process 
 Summer can B a chaotic time at church. Download this free resource 2 help boost connections within your church family. 
 Prayer leads to a girlfriend?! Watch this free video article from David Staal. 
 Have you considered a membership to our site? Join today and get over $5,500 worth of resources for only $149.95! 
 RT  God's command to stop worrying via  
 Hi Katie, I saw your tweet. I do marketing for BCLcom and you can email me if you'd like -- sskinner Thanks!
 How do you build an evangelistic church? Check our our FREE resource for practical strategies and tips 
 One of the most startling and challenging commandments of Jesus is this: do not worry. 
 Is your church Discipling? Use this free assessment to guide your progress and help you set goals. 
 RT  Today at 5p ET  on Generation Ex-Christian on The Paul Edwards Program | 
 It can be challenging for the senior and  pastor 2 be on the same page in ministry, but it's invaluable  
 Download this free resource  to assess and reflect on efforts toward fostering growth in your church please RT 
 What are your church goals? Download this FREE resource to assess and reflect on your efforts toward fostering growth 
 One of the most startling and challenging commandments of Jesus is this: do not worry. 
 Creating a Christ-centered mindset to grow a gift-based ministry in your church: 
 Some great tips on how to keep church leaders on the same page, specifically  and  pastors  
 RT  It’s better to obey the Lord & have only a little than to be very rich and terribly confused 
 Leadership Lessons from a High School Prom 
 Senior &  pastors often struggle 2 connect. Strengthening the relationship helps both lead more effectively 
 By unpacking our life story we see the truth about God, our actions, and the world around us. 
 RT  Why senior pastors and youth pastors are disconnected. My interview with  
 Reading the Bible as a story can teach you things you'd never recognize otherwise. 
 Transport listeners into Bible stories and allow them to experience the Bible in a way that most have not. 
 New blog post! How to ward against worry 
 How do you know when someone is ready to lead? Wayne Cordeiro responds in our Ask the Experts discussion 
 Mel McGowan says our ministry uniquely gives a zoomed-out, global perspective from a Christian worldview. Watch him & other leaders:...
 It can B hard 2 see potential 4 church outreach, but new ministry opportunities are all around us if we know how 2 look 
 Check out this Father's Day Special Offer for Men of Integrity devotional guide: 
 Sadly, ppl are often quick to criticize a church: 7 ?'s you should ask yourself when ppl are disappointed w your church 
 Happy Monday, download this free Training Pack: Help your team work together for maximum impact. 
 RT  The StrongLeadership Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via 
 This Father's Day give a great devotional guide to all the men you know: 
 Does your church make a good first impression? 
 Reach out to a generation that is leaving the church in unprecedented numbers: Reaching Millennials Leaving the Faith 
 Christ, a con-man? James Walters explains: 
 Hunger makes you weak, but purposely going hungry is a powerful experience. Discover Power in Weakness. 
 As we think about how Jesus led his people here on earth, we should think a/b ourselves. Are you a shepherd leader?  
 Embracing Death (of a different kind) During Holy Week 
 Click to vote in our poll: what is your favorite thing about observing Easter in your church? 
 Psalm 86:11 "Teach me your ways, O Lord, that I may live according to your truth! Grant me purity of heart, so that I may honor you."
 Time to Sharpen the Blades, What areas in your life need a little extra attention? 
 From our Ask The Experts section: Clint&Penny Brag shed light on how pastors can preach more effectively about marriage 
 Streamlining Church Programming  RT  The local church is not in need of a new item on the menu of programs.
 As schools continue to cut programs and eliminate positions, your church faces an incredible opportunity for service. 
 Sam Rodriguez thinks it’s good Christians disagree & our ministry gives a model for disagreement with love & civility: 
  Skye Jethani: Redefining Radical
 Develop and train volunteers who stick with your ministry 
 Blog post! The Multitasking Trap: Multitasking actually kills leadership. 
 Blog post! The Multitasking Trap: Multitasking actually kills leadership. 
 "Upon the palms of my hands I have written your name" Isaiah 49:16
 RT  Just posted a response to  "Is Curriculum Necessary." 
 The Annual Easter Challenge: Finding fresh ways to tell an old story 
 Any big ministry changes in the near future? Vision Casting & Planning:Evaluate your vision and communicate it clearly. 
 New blog post: The Discipline Dilemma, Ken Sande explains how to confront a member's sin. 
 Skye Jethani says our ministry serves as the rallying point evangelicals gather around to advance the Gospel mission: 
 What voices to kids believe? Our newest video article -->  
 How do you reach out to 20-somethings? those still in the church -  and those that have left - 
 Engaging Pop Culture. Culturally savvy Christians follow the path of neither cultural glutton nor the cultural anorexic. 
 Engaging Pop Culture. Culturally savvy Christians follow the path of neither the cultural glutton nor the cultural anorexic....
 Some Friday afternoon encouragement: Psalm 73: 23-26 
 Do you ever realize that the only time you've been reading the Bible lately has been to prepare a lesson?  
 Articles ab handling chrch conflict  RT  amzing what leaders will turn a blind eye 2 whthr immoral,illegal
 Discover worship ideas for Palm Sunday, Maundy Thursday, and Good Friday. 
  is not just a stepping stone to the main event... 
 Revolutionary Prayer. 
 Happy Tuesday. Today we're serving up a piece of humble pie. 
 Is there someone that always debates you or exposes your faults? resist pressure with Leadership lessons from Daniel 
 Have some summer weddings coming up in your church? Help lay the foundation for strong, God-honoring marriages. 
 RT  Church Pastors Daily is out!  ▸Top stories today via    
 Become a shepherd leader: 
 RT  Seeking freedom from homosexuality? There's an app for that. Well, there used to be... 
 Using Your Strengths Against You: Leadership lessons from the life of Daniel. 
 The annual Easter challenge: finding fresh ways to tell an old story 
 The unique challenges of 4th and 5th grade ministry  
 Download this resource to prepare for Easter: Leading to Easter, Searching the Soul 
 RT  Youth Ministry News is out!  ▸ Top stories today via      ...
 Do you have a desire to know God, or impress him? 
  RT  How ab in  we move frm focusing on how mny kids come 2 events 2 how many leaders we are equipping?!
 Thanks!! RT  Love love love this contest from  Pastor & Celeb Look-A-Like 
 Free video article: what voices to children believe?  
 Some great tips for maximizing ministry leaders' gifts  RT  encourage and uplift leaders and volunteers
 Worship Rap? Rising rap star Lecrae seamlessly blends gospel-saturated lyrics with the hooks of southern style hip-hop. 
 RT  Christianity Today's Reader's Choice articles:  Happy to see "The Leavers" made the cut!
 If you could see your church from the eyes of a visitor, what would you see? 
 Praying for those affected by the tsunami last night and this morning...
 The annual Easter challenge: finding fresh ways to tell an old story 
 RT  The Church Pastors Daily is out!  ▸Top stories today via    
 Is your youth group going on a missions trip this summer? Get a free handout with tons of  fundraising ideas! 
 Praise God! RT  7 students cane to Christ this morning including a Hindi girl.
 This free handout lists specific helpful ways to develop a relational style of youth ministry:  
 Eugene Peterson,  & William Willimon share on what Jesus might write in letters to churches today. 
 Listen to this clip as Eugene Peterson talks about how pastors should respond to therapeutic expectations in the church 
 How do you prepare your congregation to observe Easter? 
 What does the Bible say about media consumption? 
 Culturally savvy Christians follow the path of neither the cultural glutton nor the cultural anorexic 
 Interesting perspective on worship, specifically through song, in youth ministry  
 Are you gearing up for spring and summer weddings? Our top seller so far in 2011: Premarital Counseling 
 What Do Wisconsin and Egypt Teach Us About Leadership? 
 Heaven, Hell, and Rob Bell  What do you all think?
 Grow young leaders into spiritual maturity: Discipling Teens  
 Thanks for the tweet! RT   Christians Engaging in Pop Culture, 
 It's so important to get teens involved before they graduate  RT   //I would love a convo on this
 Thanks for the shout out! RT 
 Have you started planning your summer missions trips yet? Currently editing a new download on Building Long-Term Partnerships...great stuff!
 Resources on Engaging Pop Culture up next week. Today, some pre-Oscars reading for church leaders from  
 So excited about our newest download on Discipling Teens--important for all in the church, not just youth workers! 
 Ministering to teens is tough; this free handout shares specific ways to develop a relational style of youth ministry: 
 Has your ministry experienced an "epic fail"? New blog post! 
 Our Pastor Celebrity Look-a-Like contest ended yesterday, congratulations to our winners! See the winning entries here: 
 Have you seen the new  digizine? Essential reading for anyone in small-group ministry, pass it on! 
 How can church leaders balance privacy and transparency in a Wikileaks era? 
 How do you encourage newcomers to start getting plugged in? Ken Fong responds in this week's Ask the Experts column: 
 Have you started your tax preparation?Find everything you need to complete your 2010 tax returns including the 2011 Church &Clergy Tax Guide
 Vote for your favorite pastor celebrity look a like! Time is running out... 
 Want a good laugh? See our Pastor Celebrity Look-a-Like contest&vote for your favs!(And submit yourself or your pastor) 
 RT  If a leader can hold their work with a loose grip and find their true satisfaction and security in God not their job, s ...
 Thanks for the post!  & Tony Soprano? RT Does Your Pastor Have a Celebrity Look-A-Like? 
 RT  Does Your Pastor Have a Celebrity Look-A-Like? 
 RT  My submission to  Pastor Look-a-Like contest--James MacDonald & Dr. Phil! 
 What about Howie Mandel?  RT   That's hilarious! Hmmmmm... not sure who I look like?
 What if we saw leadership as a function of a community that develops people and creates a context where it can occur? 
 Do you think we can get   or  to enter our pastor celebritiy look-a-like contest?? 
 RT  Dane Ortlund asks scholars & pastors "What's the message of the Bible in one sentence?" Fascinating. 
 John Koessler offer his expert advice on how can your church help a bi-vocational pastor establish priorities: 
 How can your church help a bi-vocational pastor establish priorities? John Koessler offers his expert advice: 
 Enter to win a free subscription to BuildingChurchLeaders.com with the Pastor Celebrity Look-a-like Contest! 
 Have you taken advantage of our January discounts? 25% off all top sellers in 2010, get your discount today! 
 Church leaders, kick start 2011 by equipping yourself and others to serve effectively! Get 25% off --> 
 Happy New Year! Kick start 2011 by equipping church leaders to serve effectively! Get 25% OFF 
 Happy New Year! Get 25% off of all of the Top Sellers from  in 2010, for a limited time only - 
 Merry Christmas from all of us at Christianity Today International! Click to get your free gifts & see our xmas Video! 
 If you haven't seen our CT Christmas card yet, you're missing a $10 gift code for a Bible study: . Share link w/ friends
 How is your church is giving back this Christmas? Click to share and get a discounted download! 
 Get some ideas on how to reach out to your community and spread the joy this Christmas 
 Share how your church is giving back this Christmas and get a discounted download! 
 New blog post! How can you respond better to humiliation? 
 Happy Cyber Monday!! Enter code CYBMON to get ALL downloads in the store at HALF OFF--  only thru midnight! plz RT!
 New blog post on the complexities of pastoring the pastor's kids: 
 Are you losing sleep over your church's finances? 
 CNN reflects on the fate of the megachurch: 
 Four practical tips to help make your church a place where service is expected, honored, and rewarded. 
 The needs of baby boomers are changing...is your ministry to them? Check out this week's new download! 
 RT  What are the key requirements for those hosing a small group?  Tell us what you think!
 Why are ministers less trusted to provide accurate information about important issues than politicians? New blog post: 
 Develop and train leaders for children's ministry in your church 
  on the alarming statistics about Millennials leaving the church 
 Young ppl are leaving the faith in record numbers, how should the church reach out? Or prevent them from leaving at all?
 Young ppl are leaving the faith in record numbers, how should the church reach out? Or prevent them from leaving at all?...
 Be transformed by Christ; incorporate spiritual disciplines in everyday life  Discounted Focused Training Collection!
 Be transformed by Christ by incorporating spiritual disciplines in the everyday life of your church 
  Interesting, and very true, article.
 RT  Blogging & The Power of the Personal Ask | Christian Web Trends Blog 
 Visit YourChurchResources.com by Oct 21 & receive 30% off your purchase in appreciate of Church Administration Day. Coupon code: cad30off
 Dick Towner on the common misconceptions in the church about financial stewardship..and what you can do to address them 
 We've updated our site so it's easier to find everything you need! Everyone check it out at  plz RT!!
 All-new download! Are you a Simple Church? Streamline your church's programming so you can focus on what you do best 
 If your ministry has more slots than people to fill them, could the problem be not too few workers but too many slots? 
 It's pastor appreciation month! Give you pastor this guide at 30% off with code 4MYPASTOR!!  
 RT  BuildingChurchLeaders.com just got a facelift! Now you can get easier access to our articles and resources.  ...
 Great article on why installing elders too quickly can kill your church from  --> 
 It's Clergy Appreciation Month! Encourage your pastor &give this:  get 30% off with coupon code 4MYPASTOR!!
 Putting the finishing touches on this week's all-new download, Streamlining Church Programming. Look for it on the site tomorrow!
 It's back! Due to popular demand, we are reintroducing our membership option!  Join now for total access to BCL: 
 Have you checked out  today? New, improved organization and search features just went live!
 What are the pros and cons of multi-site vs. single location churches? Watch this video and share your thoughts! 
 RT  Driscoll and MacDonald defend multi-site to Dever.  // Is multi-site for your church? 
 "We are not as likely to be moved by Scripture when it reinforces what we already thought." 
 Are you a curious church leader? How can curiosity improve your ministry? New today on the blog: 
 Pew Forum says atheists know more about religion than religious people. Help improve your church's biblical literacy 
 New today: Brandon O'Brien on identifying the cultural assumptions we bring to a text 
 New resource this week! Haddon Robinson, D.A. Carson and more help equip lay leaders for expositional teaching 
  wifi wasn't working so I couldn't live tweet for you, but here's a favorite moment via  
  video on why expository preaching is important:  // Look for our all-new download on this subject tomorrow!
 See The Blind Side? Register for the FREE Live Webinar on 9/28 -- an interactive session w The Blind Side’s Sean Tuohy! 
 What it looks like to "pray without ceasing" 
 RT  Dan Allender  'the gospel is not an antidote to death-the gospel is a bold entering into death  foot of the ...
  loves expository preaching  // And so do we! Prepping next week's NEW download: Expositional Teaching
  (Chuck Warnock) posted 10 Books That Changed My Life and Ministry:  // What are yours?
 Busy day today as I prepare to head out to  tomorrow. Anyone else planning to be there?
 Join the discussion on  is it wrong to have age-segmented worship? 
 The SBC has targeted Wisconsin (!) as a "mission field." 
 Nancy Beach on the importance of regularly evaluating worship. 
 Free live webinar 9/28 with The Blind Side’s Sean Tuohy on “Living the Giving Life.” Register now! 
 What's the most important thing church leaders can do to preserve their marriages amid the busyness of ministry? 
 New blog post! Discernment: is there an app for that? (Hint: try prayer.) 
 In a CNN article on the faith of American teens, Kenda Creasy Dean advises churches and parents to 'get radical.' 
 RT   If you're introverted, this is an excellent post by  - 
 Preparing next week's new download, on Cultivating Team Unity. Great wisdom from  and more.
 RT  Pastors, now is a great time to try PreachingToday.com. New site, inspiring ideas for your sermons, & 30-day free tr ...
 How do you lead change in a small church? Chuck Warnock with five practical tips 
 New blog post: What can children tell you about your ministry's effectiveness? 
 What is your church's Apgar score? Take our free assessment 
 Silly Bandz in the church? New blog post at Off the Agenda: 
 Nancy Beach on when a person's level of gifting should restrict the arts ministry opportunities open to him or her 
 NYT follow-up on reasons for clergy burnout: "Churchgoers increasingly want pastors to soothe and entertain them" 
 Enjoying all the great tweets coming from Willow Creek Global Leadership Summit. Be sure to check out  for a round-up!
 NYT on growing problem of clergy burnout:  How have you dealt with it?
 Looking for ways to grow in your preaching? New download available now: Developing Your Preaching and Teaching Style 
 Are you preaching to the whole choir? On the blog, Kevin DeYoung asks how preachers and teachers might do better 
 Free sample: Dave Kraft explains why having passion is important for ministry leaders and gives ways to cultivate it 
 Leaders, like trees, need to keep growing, says Dave Kraft of  "When the tree stops growing, the fruit starts to rot."
 RT  J.I. Packer answers your Bible questions in a free, live webinar on August 4 
 From the archives: "Teaching a Church to Pray" 
 Thoughtful post by Brandon O'Brien on  "Is Ministry a Job or Vocation?" 
 Now on the blog: the video of our recent webinar The Strengths of a Small Church 
 Bob Kauflin addresses how worship leaders can point the focus in the right direction during worship: 
 On the blog: Kevin DeYoung distinguishes between "godly grief" and "worldly grief" 
 Our newest free sample, "Annual Direction Diagnostics," gives 8 signals for knowing it's time to move on in ministry  
 RT  Want to launch a missional church movement? My review of Exponential, the new book by Dave Ferguson: 
 What is a calling? "It's sort of like being in love. You can't explain it, but you know when you've experienced it." -Dave Kraft
 Our friend  is doing a live webcast interview with  in 30 minutes. It's free to attend: 
 New on the blog: Is it more authentic for churches to be casual? 
 By  The importance of accountability for your church's Sunday school classes & small groups 
 New free sample: Guidelines for organizing your benevolence ministry 
 Galilee, the Scandal of Particularity, & our ministry: 
 3 myths about marriage in the church, and how to deal with them: 
 RT  Record your mission trip experience & share it with others! Sign up to win a Flip Video Camera (a $279.99 value): h ...
 From  Understanding your calling as a church leader who is introverted 
 Keller: "In a small town your pastoring sets up your preaching...in a big town your preaching sets up your pastoring." 
 On his excellent blog Practical Shepherding, Brian Croft shares 5 reasons pastors should love doing funerals: 
 Congrats to  winner of a $20 Starbucks gift card in our re-tweet contest. And thanks to those who participated.
 Thks to Brandon &  for a great webinar on Small Church Strengths. We've put a detailed recap on our blog: 
 Our free webinar on The Strengths of a Small Church begins in 20 minutes: 
 RT  I'd encourage you to post this interview w/ pastors on how to help w/  on your blog:  RT
 Register for May 26“Prevent Embezzlement” webinar for tips to improve internal controls and better protect your church. 
 On the blog: Is it okay for church leaders to attend a second church? 
 What's a house church? 
 Free webinar this Thursday: The Strengths of a Small Church. More info:  RT for a chance to win a $20 Starbucks giftcard
 People are saying it can be hard to be an introvert in the church today. Extroverts, do you face hurdles too? Want to write about it? DM me.
 Help us know your ministry needs by taking a short survey. You'll get a $10 coupon to BuildingChurchLeaders.com. 
 Cartoon: An awkward Church Anniversary Sunday 
 RT  We are exploring new ways of making Leadership available on the web, take a survey and get a $20 gift cert to  http: ...
 Their church disbanded, so they took a year to visit 26 local churches. Here's the perspective one couple gained: 
 RT  Are church leaders setting a poor example when it comes to lawsuits in the church? Ken Sande (Peacemakers) elaborates: ...
 Why is there such a rapid turnover of pastors in our churches? Listen to Ken Myers's take: 
 RT  Thanks, Redeemer Pres in NYC. I didn't know it was this easy. 
 Shouldn't introverts tend to fear preaching? No, says  b/c preaching "is in a controlled setting." Dialogue, though, is harder
 Prompted by  when should you ask people to leave your church? 
 New audio: Eugene Peterson talks about how pastors should deal with therapeutic expectations in the church: 
 RT  5 myths about fundraising for short term missions: 
 Interviewed Efrem Smith about justice ministry & evangelism. His top 3 influences in his thinking on this: John Perkins, Tom Skinner, MLK
 A classic from the archives: Eugene Peterson tells pastors "our primary work is to make saints" 
  I spend 15 minutes every morning pruning the ole sweat gutters for this?? Unbelievable.
 "Good corporate prayer is like good conversation." Wise words from Ben Patterson on praying with others: 
 7 questions for leaders to ask themselves when people in their church are disappointed:  courtesy of Kevin DeYoung
 Sign up for our free e-newsletter and get our resource Spiritual Disciplines for Busy Church Leaders for free: 
 Christianity Today International is surveying attitudes about sex offenders in churches. Tell us what you think: 
 Worship leader stereotypes:  The Mystic and Philosopher are my favorites. But read on to Parts 2 & 3 for good advice.
  happy birthday! In your honor, today we posted our interview with you:  (okay, maybe we didn't plan that)
 Watch  talk about our free webinar The Strengths of a Small Church, coming May 6:   
 An Eats, Shoots & Leaves fun fact: A shopkeeper in Bristol would intentionally put grammatical errors on his signs to lure in complainers.
 We've just released our case study pack on church budget pinches:   Great exercises in decision-making, we hope!
 Looking for contributors: Are you an introverted pastor/church leader? Do you have insights to share from that experience? If so, DM me.
 Back in the office this week. It's good to be within striking distance of   and  again
