  Thank you for visiting! If you'd like to receive our monthly email newsletter with special offers, go to 
 RT  Top 10 most popular white paper: A Facebook Page for Your Restaurant by  
 Just applied for  Roaster of the Year award. Remember to submit by Friday, roaster friends! 
 We'll serve coffee & espresso at the Chris Elliott Fund's 10th Annual Celebrity Golf Tournament on Monday, supporting brain cancer research.
 Great news! Boyds Coffee is now available in all QFC locations. Find us in the ground coffee section.
 We're going mobile! Read the details on our blog: 
 Selling lots of Ethiopian Sidamo 2 after  called it this month's "most relevant ‘find.’” 
 We're a PDX Concerts in the Park sponsor (schedule: ), and we'll have free coffee  Sellwood & Kenton.
 RT  From the Publisher: Coffee Prices: Cyclical commodity cycle or fundamental shift?  
 Coffee Review: Ethiopian Sidamo 2's "impressive price-to-value ratio" makes it "the most relevant 'find'" this month. 
 Our Ethiopian Sidamo 2 tied for Coffee Review's top score this month. Read the article:  Purchase: 
  We agree!!
 From CSP: It's enough to make a coffee guru weep: Customers rate coffee additives as more important than coffee. 
 RT  Annual NCA Market Research Reveals  Strength Across Coffee Category 
 Riding in STP this weekend? We'll have hot and iced espresso-based drinks at the end of the ride in Holladay Park (next to Lloyd Center).
 Consumers go to convenience stores specifically looking for coffee or other dispensed beverages, The NPD Group finds: 
 Happy  We're serving coffee and more all day at  all sales benefit the Fort Vancouver National Trust. Come say hi!
 We're pouring free coffee samples all weekend long at the grand opening of the new Mi Pueblo Food Market in Vallejo, CA.
  Nice to see you again! Enjoy your walk. -- beautiful day for it.
 Nice choice! RT  Just met Fred Armisen and Carrie Bronwnstein of Portlandia. Fred got a Technivorm. Great taste, that guy.
 This month's drink special: 16 oz. of Island Mist® fresh brewed black iced tea for $1.50. Rumored to guarantee a sunny day!
  It's actually been around for a few years and is one of our best-sellers -- people like its extra jolt of caffeine.
  Hey, no worries, we make decaf too. :-)
 July's featured coffee brings the fireworks: 
  Yep! Just print it and present it at Elmer's ... and enjoy!
  Thanks for checking in! If you'd like to receive our monthly email news and offers, visit 
 Our friends at Elmer's Restaurants are offering you a free cup of joe from Boyds Coffee! 
 In the last 5 years in restaurants, coffee sales have held steady & iced coffee sales have increased: 
 At 9:30 a.m. today at  we're the presenting sponsor of "Recipe for Great Away-From-Home Coffee" with SCAA instructor Dan Streetman.
 View a slideshow of our coffee origin trip to Brazil: 
 Thanks; glad you like it! RT  Today we're enjoying SCAA member Boyds Coffee's Ethiopian Sidamo (floral, sweet, smooth)
 Love to see this: A recycling station at a Brazilian  certified coffee farm. 
 Thanks,  Our Brazil trip has been wonderful. We'll share more pictures soon.
 Coffee dries on a table at a small coffee producer in Brazil's Caxixe Quente region.  
 Mountain-side coffee growing in Venda Nova, Brazil.  
 Honored to be a part of this good cause. RT  Coffee Companies Raise Over $145,000 for  
  Enjoying iced coffee is a great way to celebrate the first day of summer.
  Unfortunately that coffee is only available for foodservice. For home, try our Tuscany or Breakfast blends -- they're similar!
  Thanks for the shout out!
  Thank you for visiting! If you'd like to receive our monthly email newsletter with special offers, go to 
 Today we're at the lab of one of our coffee suppliers in Varginha, Brazil, cupping a new crop of specialty Brazilian coffees.
 RT  Green coffee: What's driving the increase? 
 Sumatran Royale and Ethiopian Sidamo 2 are Roastmaster's Cup coffees, benefiting  Learn more: 
 New: Ethiopian Sidamo 2 has a floral bouquet and sweet, smooth finish. It comes from the Watadara Coop, and it's a medium roast coffee.
 New: Sumatran Royale is a medium-dark roast coffee from the Koperasi Permata Gayo Cooperative with sweet, smoky, chocolate notes.
 Today we visited Saint Cecillia farm in Brazil, where 15-20 percent of the harvest is in.
  How was it?
 Coffee drying today at Fazenda Santa Helena, Brazil.  
 This morning we toured a coffee farm in Araguari, Brazil, on a harvester. Video on our FB page: 
 RT  Green coffee: What's driving the increase?:  via 
 Join us for a free coffee art day, 1-3 p.m. Saturday at our downtown locations. A fun craft for Father's Day! 
 RT  Why  Certified coffee? Farms protect water, wildlife & forests - home to 2/3 world's plants & animals ...
 We're off to Brazil to meet with some current and potential coffee-growing partners.
 We had the winning bid on five bags of Yemen Mocca Sanani in yesterday's  auction! We'll have it available next month.
  Thank you for visiting! If you'd like to receive our monthly email newsletter with special offers, go to 
 Join us Saturday from 1-3 p.m. for a free coffee art day!    
 It's down to the wire in the   Last year the coffee we bought was outstanding. Hoping for similar results today!
 More coffee news  Boyds Coffee is owned and operated by the Boyd family, 1900-present. :-)
  Thank you for visiting! If you'd like to receive our monthly email newsletter with special offers, go to 
 It's a gorgeous day to reveal new Coffee House Freezers® flavors: Root Beer Float and Chocolate Caramel Macchiato: 
 Happy National Doughnut Day! Did you know that dipping a doughnut in coffee removes all of its calories? :-)
 RT  Is "latte" your blood type? You could win free  for a year: 
 Give blood, enter to win free coffee for a year: 
 Who's ready for iced coffee drinks? Two of our baristas share their cold-brew tips and recipes: 
  Stay tuned; we're talking to Google Offers, too.
  Thanks, Nancy. :-)
 And in other breaking news in Portland's coffee industry, Boyds Coffee remains family owned and operated since 1900. :-)
 We're highlighting a decaf coffee this month, Delizia Decaffeinated, because decaf drinkers deserve great coffee, too! 
 It's a little bit hard to write a blog post about cold-brew coffee when it's 52 and rainy! Here's hoping it's nicer where you are.
  Thank you for visiting! If you'd like to receive our monthly email newsletter with special offers, go to 
  Thanks for the tweet! Cafe Rojas is one of my favorites, too. Glad to hear you enjoyed it!
 RT  Up to date with the World Barista Championship news? Join us starting June 2nd to cheer on US Barista Champ Pete Li ...
 Bloomberg: Food-price inflation to quicken (including coffee) 
 Thanks! Bonus points for sustainability! RT   I enjoyed hanging out in your cafe today.  I had a cuppa in a mug...
  Hmm, I don't see your form. If you DM me your email addy, I'll make sure you're added (and that you get a free drink coupon!)
  Thanks for checking in! If you'd like to receive our monthly email news and offers, visit 
 Congrats to Laurie G., winner of the Technivorm in our newsletter's trivia contest. More contests to come! Sign up at: 
 Reuters: Global demand for coffee is set to keep climbing even as costs rise. 
 RT  FACTBOX-Recent history of coffee price moves - Reuters 
 Here we are, fueled by nothing but coffee on National Bike-to-Work Day on Friday!  
   :-)
 Tough to decide what to bid on in the 5/31 auction.
 We cupped the best 22 Colombian coffee micro-lots of 2011 today as part of the Cup of Excellence® ... amazing!
 We're off to the  (it's a restaurant show, not a gun show!). See us in booth 4342 to taste our latest and greatest.
 In case you missed our e-newsletter, here's a link. It contains an online coupon code and an *awesome* trivia question. 
  Thank you for visiting! If you'd like to receive our monthly email newsletter with special offers, go to 
  We took a bit of liberty on the name to capture the flavor description; it's a mix that makes a creamy hot drink.
  LOL :-) Hi-Rev products *are* a little addictive, aren't they?
  It's a new dry mix from our Coffee House Cappuccino line that makes a creamy hot drink ... and yes, caramel definitely belongs. :-)
  Thanks for checking in! If you'd like to receive our monthly email news and offers, visit 
  Yes, but we'd need to charge the shipping cost (it's ~$45 to send 8 -- they're heavy). Call Lesa at 503-907-2575 if interested. Thx!
 RT  Sunday is World Migratory Bird Day! See great bird pics from  Certified farms where habitat is protect ...
 How does a nice cool glass of Huckleberry Peach Iced Tea sound? That recipe and more on our blog ... 
 Reminder that we have free empty burlap coffee sacks in our coffee shops. Do you need any for your garden? Come get 'em! :-)
 Ta-da! We're unveiling a new look for our Island Mist® Fresh Brewed Iced Tea. What do you think? 
 Interesting. RT  Robusta Coffee Demand May Be Outpacing Arabica, Price Gap Shows... 
 Come on, Portland ... we are ready for some iced tea and iced coffee weather!
  Tasting crepes all day sounds amazing. If only we could merge that with our job of tasting coffee all day! Jealous!
 Mother's Day is Sunday, May 8. Need a gift? Show or mention this tweet for $1 off a pound of beans in our retail stores, valid through 5/7.
  You sound pretty knowledgeable about coffee to us! :-)
 A Shot in the Dark is perfect for when you need an extra pick-me-up, and it's only $2 this month in our coffee shops! 
 Green coffee prices continue to climb; coffee futures closed at 305.10 cents a pound today, the highest price since May 1997.
 You bet! Thanks for coming in. RT   Thanks for the iced tea!
  Thank you for visiting us again!
 Ha ha! RT   - you sort of have to love that they're playing Gold Digger during the Brewer's Cup.
 Round 1 of the 3rd Annual U.S. Cup Taster’s Championship is about to start in Activities Hall E! 
 RT  Top scoring coffees from the spring '11 Cupping for Quality event!    
 We're also introducing the Technivorm Moccamaster Grinder to grind beans to the brewer's perfect size. 
 We're introducing the Technivorm Moccamaster Homeline Brewer (an entry-level model) at   
 At  Technivorm Moccamaster’s founder/designer and managing director are joining us in booth 1400.  
  Thanks for checking in! If you'd like to receive our monthly email news and offers, visit 
  Look for an airtight container and store it in a cool (but not refrigerated or frozen), dry, dark place.
  Thanks for linking to our brewing guide. It's amazing what a difference proper brewing makes!
 Meet Technivorm Moccamaster’s founder/designer in our  booth,  & see the new Homeline Brewer and Grinder.
 RT  Katy Boyd Dutt from Boyds Coffee is on the cover of our May Main Ingredient featuring ProStart. Photos: 
 RT  96% of 400 attendees express concern or high concern about climate change, 94% about impact on their business. 
 RT   production in C4 countries >60%
 RT  Attending  this week & looking for great places to grab a cup of joe? Our roundup: 
 We're going to be introducing two new Technivorm products at  Visit us in booth 1400!
 Looking for recommendations: Which Houston coffee shops should we visit while in town for 
 Save $3 on orders containing a  coffee, through 4/30;  use coupon code RAINFOREST. 
 RT  Get free resources to ramp up sustainability efforts in your restaurant on our  site 
 A video from our friends  and   How small action can lead to big change: 
 Did you know? Every day, our coffee shops offer 10 cents off if you bring your own mug (or 25 cents if it says “Boyds”).
 In this blog post, we share three ways for coffee drinkers to celebrate Earth Day every day: 
  Some of our customers use the Toddy Cold Brewer at home; it works best with a dark roast and coarse grind.
  For iced coffee, we suggest pouring double-strength coffee (1 oz. of freshly ground coffee per 10 fl. oz. water) over ice.
  Yes, we'll be at  in full force.
 Congrats to our customer, Gold Coast Dogs, for making this delicious list! "America's Best Airport Food" 
  Thanks for checking in! If you'd like to receive our monthly email news and offers, visit 
  Thanks for checking in! If you'd like to receive our monthly email news and offers, visit 
  Thank you for visiting! If you'd like to receive our monthly email newsletter with special offers, go to 
 Our Organic Rip City blend was flying off the shelves today! Go Blazers!
  Thank you for visiting! If you'd like to receive our monthly email newsletter with special offers, go to 
  Thanks for checking in! If you'd like to receive our monthly email news and offers, visit 
  Well of course -- this way you will be alert for people watching! :-) Thanks for coming in.
 Yes, we'll have "green frog seal" specials! RT  Earth Day in 1 week... Will you celebrate w/  Certified java?
 We're honored to be among Royal Buying Group's Vendors of the Year. Thanks  
  Thank you for visiting! If you'd like to receive our monthly email newsletter with special offers, go to 
 We're hiring a Business Intelligence (BI)/Data Warehouse Project Manager: . See all openings: 
  Breakfast Blend is a solid pick! You might also like our Organic Rip City -- it has a similar roast level but more intensity.
   is right; Portland has an amazing coffee scene! You're in for a treat. Enjoy!
  Thank you for visiting! If you'd like to receive our monthly email newsletter with special offers, go to 
 Our director of marketing shares why she is a passionate supporter of ProStart®: 
  Thanks for the RT on the job posting!
 Want to join us? We have several job openings, including "Marketing Manager - Coffee, Tea and Beverage." View all: 
  Thanks for the mention! Bahia Emerald was a small roast and is sold out now (unfortunately -- we loved drinking it!).
  Thanks for checking in! If you'd like to receive our monthly email news and offers, visit 
 Whether you're a professional or a hobbyist barista, here are tips for making espresso () & milk ().
 New how-to article: 11 steps to texturing and steaming milk for hot drinks 
 Our drink special for April is the “Marshmallow Bunny Mocha,” inspired by everyone's favorite Easter treat. Recipe: 
  Why, yes it does! And it's hand-delivered by heavily tattooed bike messengers wearing sexy glasses.
  You've inspired greatness. 
 How "Portlandia" inspired us and reinvigorated our commitment to bird-friendly, shade-grown coffee: 
 RT  RT   heading to Cali early tomorrow morning!  proud to sponsor culinary cup!
 Gardeners, crafters & artists: We give away free empty burlap coffee sacks in our retail stores  Any project ideas/stories out there?
  We recommend a coarse grind on a Toddy cold brewer. (It seems backwards, but it will actually prevent overextraction.)
  We suggest a dark roast like our French No. 6 because the coffee’s brightness is mellow & the flavor won’t degrade as quickly.
 Agreed! RT  Martha Stewart says to look for the little green frog on  Who are we to disagree?  
   Awww, thanks! There's nothing better than roasting and brewing coffee that makes people happy.
 We'll be brewing lots of coffee and tea at the  in Portland this weekend (booth 761). Will we see any of you there? 
  Sure, we will be there every morning at 6:30! ;-)
 Congratulations to our friends  on the announcement of a Vancouver store:  
 At   spilled the [coffee] beans: We're building a mobile truck! Yes, it's true!
 13 steps to brewing perfect espresso: 
  Thanks for checking in! If you'd like to receive our monthly email news and offers, visit 
 We had a great time  Washington state this weekend. The student chefs' talent and dedication is inspi… (cont) 
 RT  The coffee market now and then - 
 Some roasters will use more lower-cost robusta beans in their blends, but the majority of our coffee is 100 percent high-quality arabica.
 We're quoted in this Reuters article about rising coffee prices: 
  Sorry -- not for now, but we'll  reply you if that ever changes. We do have sealed filter packs: 
  Thought you might enjoy seeing our Roastmaster's price book from the 1977 peak:  
  Thank you for visiting! If you'd like to receive our monthly email newsletter with special offers, go to 
 RT  Demand for sustainable coffee grows... 
  Thanks for the welcome! We're excited for  We'll have coffee and espresso to start everyone's day right!
 Our St. Patrick's Day espresso drink recipe combines the flavors of hazelnut and Irish cream 
 RT  As weather shifts, coffee farmers struggle to protect crops... 
 RT  Studies Show Coffee Drinkers Get Health Perks: 
 Don't forget to "spring forward" tonight. An extra cup of coffee in the morning will help!
  Thanks for checking in! If you'd like to receive our monthly email news and offers, visit 
 We're attending  -- will you be there? Friendly reminder: early bird registration ends 3/13. 
 From  excellent coverage of the global coffee market, from climate change to "peak coffee": 
 We've posted a photo album from our East Africa coffee origin trip. There were some beautiful sights! 
 We visited East Africa, where coffee growers are improving their quality and yield. View photos: 
 RT  Coffee hitting $3 soon on C market is a big discussion, but it hit $12.21/lb in 1977 (in today's dollars). (via 
 This Bloomberg interview explains why food prices continue to go up on wholesale & consumer levels. 
 Coffee "C" prices are on the rise once again, getting very close to the $3 mark.
 We sponsored a FastCasual.com guide to help foodservice operators: "Specialty Beverages in the Restaurant Industry" 
 RT  Good summary of  expectations re: price increases  We expect a 2.5% increase.
 If you're at the International Home +  Show today, visit booth L13053 to taste coffee brewed with a Technivorm Moccamaster.
 For  users  we've posted some sweet new deals for our coffee shops: 
 We're brewing coffee with Technivorm Moccamasters in booth L13053 at the International Home +  Show. Come taste the difference!
  Thank you for linking! We also just got back from Tanzania, Burundi and Rwanda -- photos coming soon!
 You never know who you're going to meet on a coffee origin trip!  
 Video dispatch: Traditional coffee brewing in Sumatra | 
 RT  Amazing photos from our friends at Boyd's Coffee recent trip to Indonesia, including some  Certified f ...
 We posted a photo journal of our recent coffee origin trip to Indonesia: 
 Our featured coffee this month is Blend Caribe, a smooth, mellow, dark-roast coffee: 
 Congratulations to our friend and partner  on earning  (SCAA) Golden Cup Award for their coffee!
  Enjoy your coffee!
  Thanks for checking in! If you'd like to receive our monthly email news and offers, visit 
  Thanks for checking in! If you'd like to receive our monthly email news and offers, visit 
 RT  America's Top 20 Best Coffee Cities from Travel & Leisure... Did your fav locale make the list?? 
 Ever wonder how coffee prices are determined? Read our new blog post, "Coffee buying: The importance of differentials" 
 Introducing a fun new beverage topper caddy for restaurant operators. Let your customers release their inner baristas! 
 We posted a video of a coffee-growing nation on Facebook, and no one has identified it yet. Can you? 
 Here's a photo of the first-place Bend High School culinary team in action. Next up,  nationals! 
 Congrats to Bend High School's culinary team on winning their 7th straight state title! Good luck at nationals! 
 Good luck to all of the students participating in the Oregon ProStart High School Culinary Championships on Saturday! 
 Sigh. RT  RT  Coffee prices perk up towards 14-year highs - ft.com - 
 Here's a snapshot from Indonesia. (We were visiting organic coffee farms in Aceh Provence, Sumatra, this weekend.) 
 Treat your sweetie: We're offering BOGO drinks in our coffee shops for Valentine's Day -- just show or mention this tweet.
  :-) Congrats on your trivia win! We're the Boyds on 10th, & also for our Pearl and Gresham shops.
 Valentine's espresso drink recipe: Cupid's Delight 
 Stay in school, kids! RT  Received 10% discount at Boyds for knowing who Argus was. See, it's important to know mythology
 We're in Indonesia this week and next week to visit coffee farms. Pictures and details to come.
 RT  Technomic's view of economy & implications for   biz  Topline revenue growt ...
 Why Burundi's former prime minister told us he's optimistic about his country's coffee-producing future: 
 Blog post: Burundian delegates visited us to say they're optimistic about their country's future as a coffee producer. 
 RT  There are a lot of opportunities to be more engaged in the coffee industry coming up. Check them all out here: http ...
 Our Coffee Buyer, Michael Boyd, is now a Licensed Q Grader. Learn about the CQI's Q Coffee System at: 
 We have a Groupon today for our three retail stores: $5 for a $10 purchase, or $20 for 4 lbs. of coffee: 
 Today we are enjoying a visit from Burundi coffee delegates. More details to come.
 Our February drink special combines the tastes of strawberries, chocolate and espresso - yum! Details and recipe: 
 Hey Portland friends, our coffee shops have a great deal on Groupon today! 
 ... and read our behind-the-scenes account at 
 RT  Check out  Certified coffees on pg. 6 of CoffeeTalk Magazine ...
 Our Hi-Rev products have quite a following, so we're adding a new product to the line: Hi-Rev Dark coffee! Read more: 
 RT  Come to "Oregon ProStart High School Culinary Championships" Saturday, February 19 from 8:00 am to 3:00 pm.... . ...
 RT  Coffee Climbs to the Highest Price Since 1997 on Supply Concern... 
  Congrats on your trivia win! Handing out the prizes is one of the highlights of our baristas' days.
 (Here we go again.) Bloomberg: Coffee Futures Surge to 13-Year High in N.Y. on Supply Concern 
 The National Restaurant Association predicts an improving economy in 2011, but food prices that remain elevated: 
 RT            ...
 RT  Ever wonder how coffee is transformed from "cherry" to "bean?" 
 RT  Have you seen the  attendee brochure yet? Check it out! It's got all the info on what's going down at  ...
 Come on in for your free coffee until 4. The lines are speeding along!
 Happy National Coffee Break Day! It's true: We're giving away free coffee from 2-4 today. Locations: 
  We highly recommend  Spanish Coffee!
 Nice  article by   Don't miss the embedded '80s NCA video -- awesome!
 Thursday (1/20) is  Day! We'll give away free coffee from 2-4. View all events: 
  Well, ours, of course. :-) . Also, not quite a blog, but we enjoy this NYT section: 
 From our blog: Green coffee prices continue to climb 
 RT  RT  Tour a certified coffee farm with Rainforest Alliance President, Tensie Whelan:  ...
  Loved your tweet! Hey, did you know that Hi-Rev® has its own Facebook page? 
 RT  Coffee Roasting Industry Event Calendar   
 One week until the National Coffee Break! We're participating by giving away free medium coffees, 2-4 p.m., 1/20, 
 An HBR article that might interest our friends in hospitality: To Groupon or Not To Groupon: Research on Profitability 
 Good luck to the students participating in the culinary events! RT  State ProStart competitions start this week 
 Congratulations to the 4 finalists for  Sustainability Award! 
 New blog article | Saving women’s lives in coffee-growing communities,  
 Mark your calendars for a National Coffee Break on Jan. 20. We'll be giving out free coffee from 2-4! 
  That's awesome! I think you're our first customer to get the "Fresh Brew" badge.
  friends: Have you earned your "Fresh Brew" badge? Boyds check-ins count toward it! 
 RT  Brazil set for largest-ever 'off-year' coffee crop  
    EVERYONE likes Boyds Coffee. :-)
 RT  Nice piece in the  Tribune about the  industry 
  Thanks for coming in today!
 RT  Congrats to Mark Shimahara for taking first place in the CQI's 2010 photo contest, supported by  htt ...
 We suggest following  a new  account specifically for Rainforest Alliance Certified™ coffee.
 Our January newsletter contains 2010's best sellers and a coupon code for online orders. Happy New Year! 
 We're hiring for a Customer Service Representative and a Software Developer/Systems Integrator. 
 A true survival guide! RT  How to Say Coffee in Over 60 Different Languages 
  Thank you for the review, Jamie! At Boyds, we're all a bit in love with the Bahia Emerald. Glad you like it, too.
 Review: Bahia Emerald From Boyds Coffee  via 
 New blog post | Troubleshooting your cup of coffee: 
 We had a small contained roaster fire this morning, but everything's OK. We'll still be roasting coffee with no service interruptions.
 If you haven't fanned us on Facebook yet, now is the time! Free bumper stickers for our fans at .
 We're selling these great  calendars in our coffee shops ... get 'em while they last! 
 RT  Stop by  for a warm winter drink, buy a wish star to support   
 We're excited to announce that our 12 oz. ground coffees are now available on www.alice.com, and Alice offers free shipping on all orders.
 Our Coffee Buyer's notes from last week's Rainforest Alliance “Cupping for Quality” event: 
 Glad to hear you liked it! RT  Just had one amazing cup of  from  A Roastmaster's Cup of Bahia Emerald.
 Bloomberg: Coffee futures surged to a 13-year high on mounting concern that global supplies will trail demand. 
 RT  Pay Attention to the Price of Coffee - Wyatt Investment Research 
   a nonprofit preventing cervical cancer in coffee-growing regions , the  women's cancer killer there.
  Thanks for coming in today!
 Try our new Roastmaster's Cup blends until 4 p.m. today at SW 10th & Jefferson  
 Free coffee tasting event today  Try our new limited-availability coffee benefiting  2-4 p.m., SW 10th & Jefferson
 Join us for free pour-over samples of our new coffee, 2-4 p.m. Thurs., to support  
 On Thursday, enjoy complimentary coffee samples & support Grounds for Health:   
 The Atlantic's Kitchen Gift Guide says Technivorms brew "the best cup of coffee I have ever had in a private home." 
 Many thanks to all who attended our Roastmaster's Cup premiere night! We just posted photos from the party: 
 We second that! Thanks for visiting. RT  Got my pastry fix in the form of  happy hour. Heaven is two maple bars.
 Coffee Companion gives its highest rating for an automatic drip coffee machine to Technivorm. Video review: 
 So glad you joined us! RT  Very much enjoyed tonight's cupping with  benefiting  
  Thanks! We're really excited about the opportunity to raise awareness for Grounds for Health.
 We entered! RT  Don't forget about the photo contest being hosted by the CQI &  
 Coffee-producing countries expected to earn a record $16.5b from exports due to rising prices, even as volumes decline. 
 RT  The Rainforest Alliance’s holiday auction ends this Fri at 1pm EST - Bid now on unique holiday gifts & support our w ...
 It's  time at  Their website has a BOGO offer (and a Boyds Coffee contest!). 
 Glad to help spread the word & raise funds for you! RT  Can't wait to taste your Bahia Emerald Blend. 
 The labels of our new Roastmaster's Cup coffees:   and 
 Our new Roastmaster's Cup Bahia Emerald and Black Pearl blends are available for a limited time. 
 If you are watching "A Walk in My Shoes" on NBC tonight (8/7c), keep an eye out for Boyds! 
 RT  Tune in to NPR's Morning Edition tomorrow to hear Miles Small discuss the Real Story behind supply issues in coffee.. ...
 RT  Everyone here in the SCAA office is completely ecstatic about the 2011 Event Registration opening today! See you th ...
 Introducing new Dark Chocolate Cherry flavored coffee, available for a limited time during the holidays: 
 RT  National Restaurant Association reveals hottest menu trends in 2011 (survey of  chefs): 
 Cool project: The sewer stitched together Boyds Coffee® in-room packages from hotels. Sustainable and stylish! 
 Characteristics of traditional coffees used for blending: 
 Behind the scenes at the Sintercafe coffee cupping competition in Costa Rica: 
  We're doing 20% off online orders (coupon code HOLIDAY10) -- the response has been great so far!
 Happy Cyber Monday! :-) We're offering 20% off everything in our online store with coupon code HOLIDAY10. 
 We won't make you wait until  Here is our holiday gift guide and our biggest coupon of the year (20% off): 
 Read about how professional coffee tasters use  standards to rate coffees: 
 "Confessions of a coffee cupping judge" - behind the scenes as our Roastmaster sniffs, slurps, spits & assesses coffee: 
 Technomic's 2011 predictions: “Mad Men” retro cocktails, food trucks & the rise of Korean barbecue. Sounds good to us!  
  Excellent -- we look forward to warming you up!
 If any of our friends  are up for braving the cold, all giftware in our retail stores is 25% off today and tomorrow.
 A big "thank you" to the KOIN news crew and everyone else who is working outside  today. Stay warm!
 RT  Love the boyds coffee guy..Stopping to give Kohr Harlan a hot cup of coffee during his live shot on side of the road in  ...
 RT  Big shout out to Boyd's coffee; field service tech w/ a coffee drop DURING our live shot; good free pub; coffee hit the  ...
 Slightly sweet, medium-roast coffees are the best matches for pumpkin pie. More Thanksgiving coffee advice: 
 It's Make-A-Wish time at our coffee shops: 
 We visited coffee producers in Costa Rica last week, and their sustainability efforts impressed us. View photos: 
 The naked truth: We like our coffee black! 
 Thanks  for featuring our deal today! We appreciate you and all of our Forkfly customers.
 RT  Today we are highlighting  which has the best coffee I have ever tasted! Get $1 off any drink here:   ...
 How to judge a cup of coffee: 
 We're back from Sintercafe XXIV in Costa Rica, where coffee pros to discussed coffee pricing/availability and much more. More to come...
 Introducing our new tool for businesses: an online coffee profit calculator. Explore menu prices, brew ratios and more. 
 RT  Is coffee the new wine?.... 
 We're setting up for this weekend's  culinary event. Will we see any of you there? Info at 
 Roastmaster Thanksgiving tip: Bring out the sweetness of pumpkin pie with slightly sweet, medium-roast coffees. More: 
 RT  Congratulations to Grounds for Health on selecting Frank Dennis as their new Chair of the Board. We're sure that... ...
  You might be interested in our blog post on pairing Thanksgiving desserts with complementary coffees: 
 The New York Times' "Tipsy Diaries" takes on spiked coffee drinks: . Do you have a favorite coffee cocktail?
  Thank you for visiting us today!
 To those who buy our coffee in U.S. Military Commissaries worldwide: thank you for letting us offer you a little "taste of home!"
 Today and every day, we thank our veterans, those who are currently serving and their families.
  Thanks for the RT!
 How to pair coffee with Thanksgiving desserts: 
 RT  Want to know what a Rainforest Alliance Certified farm looks like? Watch this video of Caffe Sanora's farm in Hondur ...
 Tasting a Panama/Brazil blend that's lightly roasted and absolutely incredible. Unfortunately, we only have 300 lbs of it.
  Thanks for making us part of your Saturday morning! :-)
  Thanks for the Yelp review!
 Myths and facts about organic coffee: 
 Fun coffee event this weekend  Coffee Fair at the World Forestry Center, 10-3 Sat. and Sun. 
  Glad to hear you enjoyed your visit! Thank you for coming in.
  It's so hard to pick a favorite, but most of our employees start their day with our Organic Ethiopian Sumatran.
  You're probably right ... but we just love the holiday season so much that we couldn't wait!
 Why organic coffee is good for growers and great for taste: 
 We set up a Facebook Places Deal and wrote about how other businesses can create their own: 
  Facebook Places Deals are open to smaller businesses, too -- we wrote about creating ours: 
 We created a Facebook Places Deal! Since Deals are so new, we wrote about how to use them and how to create your own: 
  Coffee and romance ... two of our favorite things. :-) Thanks for choosing Boyds for your meeting!
 How to judge a cup of coffee (part two): 
  Read about FoodPress on Mashable -- very cool! We recently launched a WordPress coffee/beverage blog at: 
 November's featured coffee is our Gourmet House, a medium-dark roast coffee with a full and honey-like flavor. 
 Honored to be a finalist for  macro Roaster of the Year. Congrats to the other finalist,  and winner 
 RT  The CQI is so close to 1000 fans! Help them reach their goal of promoting quality coffee!!   ...
 Our oh-so-spooky ad for the program of Portland Opera's "Hansel and Gretel," opening Nov 5.  
 Green coffee prices rose sharply again today.
 RT  Certified sustainable coffee is recognized for outstanding quality at Rainforest Alliance Cupping for Quality Event: ...
 We agree -- great way to start the morning! RT  Pumpkin Spice Cappuccino ...  mmm. That hits the spot!
 Today's PDX Groupon for the World Forestry Center () can be used for the Coffee Fair, Nov. 6-7 ().
  Can your Groupon deal today be used for admission to your Coffee Fair?
 RT  A Brief Guide to Food and Coffee Pairing    
 RT  Damaging fungus caused by months of heavy rains hit Costa Rica crops 
 Thanks for sharing! RT  How pleasant, my favorite mom-'n-pop place sells  Darjeeling. Pleased it wasn't Lipton.
  Thanks for coming in today! We hope you enjoyed your tea and doughnut.
 Arabica coffee bean prices surged to a 13-year high today due to fears of lower supply from key producing nations. 
 Foursquare friends: We have a new offer! Check in 10 times for a free drink, and our mayor gets 30% off food/drink purchases every visit.
 New coupon code: enter WARMTH10 for $10 off $40+ online orders until Oct. 31. 
  We're curious: Which coffee reviews/ratings do you think are most credible? (In addition to your own.) :) 
 Coffee friends: Which coffee reviews and rankings do you trust, and why?
 RT  You Docs: Moderate amounts of coffee can help lower your blood pressure -
 Foodservice news: Technomic says dessert (including after-dinner coffee) is more popular than ever: 
 This month's featured coffee, medium-roast Organic Ethiopian Sumatran, is bold and earthy, with jasmine notes and fruity, intense flavors.
 The  market on Hawthorne opened today, and it looks fantastic! We're proud that our coffee is sold there.
 At the Governors' Gold Awards, benefiting  we mingled with Puddles the Duck (and Benny Beaver, too)! 
 RT  Two-thirds (66%) of Americans drink at least one coffee daily, but only 27% of consumers 18 to 24 drink coffee daily  ...
 At lunchtime today  sample coffees and vote for your favorite roaster to benefit  
 RT  See u and others tomorrow    coffee   Good luck!   ...
 In an interview with Willamette University, fourth-generation family member Michael Boyd discusses his MBA and career: 
 We launched our newest beverage at the  today ... Introducing Coffee House Roasters® Dark Chocolate Cherry Cappuccino!
 Booth 8723! RT  Hey,  where's the booth? I need some hi-rev coffee to get my day started! (on my to  now!)
 It's a coffee taste-off  for YWCA of Greater Portland! Pioneer Sq., Friday, Oct. 8, 11-2. 
 We're launching a new beverage at the  next week. If you're going, stop by booth 8723 and tell us what you think!
 Study: 54% of Americans would rather give up their cell phones than their daily cup of coffee. (Agreed!) 
 Nice!  takes on "espresso" versus "expresso." 
 RT  It's National Coffee Day! Who's your fave roaster in PDX? U decide on Oct. 8 at YWCA Sip.Coffee for a Cause.   ...
 RT  Perk up your day with a cup o’ Joe 
 We've enjoyed seeing regular and new customers for our National Coffee Day BOGO drink offer. Thanks for celebrating with us!
  The taste-off is Oct. 8, not today ... hope to see you there!
 Coffee taste-off  10/8, 11 a.m. - 2 p.m., Pioneer Courthouse Square. Benefits the YWCA. 
 Happy National Coffee Day! Visit our coffee shops () today for buy-one-get-one-free drinks.
      Thank you for spreading the word about National Coffee Day!
 Tomorrow, 9/29, is National Coffee Day! To celebrate, all drinks will be buy one, get one free in Boyds Coffee stores.
 RT  Stop by Fox Business for an article on coffee prices rising featuring our own Executive Director, Ric Rhinehart: ht ...
 We suggest providing them with excellent coffee. :) RT  Top 10 ways to motivate your managers 
 We chose the Technivorm as the best home brewer in the '80s and still think so today. RT  What is your favorite coffee maker?
 Our Race for the Cure team (pictured here) had a great time this weekend. Nice job, everyone! 
  Thanks for coming in today! Hope you saw that we offer discounts to foursquare users.
  Hey there. Thanks for coming in to see us today!
 We've completed a $250,000 upgrade of our blending room, in its current footprint, without supply interruptions. 
 However, supply is expected to increase for the 2010/11 crop, especially in Brazil, so we might see lower prices at that time.
 From our coffee buyer: Green coffee prices hit 13-year highs this month and are expected to stay high for the near-term.
