 my hair was feeling icky... added some Orchids Oil to it... that did the trick! now it's soft and shiny again :)
 learn more about the Brazilian Blow-Out Recall here 
 RECALL 4 Brazilian Keratin Treatment!? Good thing we use Coppola Keratin! Formaldehyde FREE! 
 RT  was trying to decided whether I should cut hair, googled pixie cuts, came across Justin Beiber pics... instantly deci ...
 What was Kat Deelay's hair stylist thinking?! her hair looks like a birds nest!!!
 The new website is finally up!! YESSSSSS
 the stylists are at a cutting class today =) wonder what new tricks they're learning
 guys: if you go 2 salon with your girl, offer your opinion when asked. Don't say things like "We've been gowing it out for months"... weirdo
 getting an AWESOME tax return!? come in and pamper yourself with a new cut & color, deep conditioning treatment, or keratin straightening!
  Hey!!! I cut off about four or five inches... went with a '70's Bob typa deal =) LOVE IT!!!
 hopefully the restaurant next door will open soon, then our parking lot won't be all crazy, and there will be yummy goodness in my belly :)
 quote of the day, curtesy of the today show: (about Tiger Woods) "...If I was one of his handlers..." my sister: "Tiger has Handlers!?" LOL
 the only downside to my short hair is that I HAVE to do it everyday. I can't just throw it in a pony tail bc I'm lazy or don't have time :(
 alllright.... chopped my hair off and I couldn't be HAPPIER!! Bring it on summer!! =)
   - ohmygoodness.... I love fresh guaca =) wish I was there right now
 welcome back sun!!! missed you old friend =)
 Happy St. Patricks day!!! Are you wearing your green??
 yessss....the sun is back..and my new highlights look so goooooood :)
 love the rain...hate that it ruins my hair :(
 Are you a fan yet???  
 Enjoying  Vacation? Our salon is open all weekend! Come on in and get a new cut & color to surprise everyone Monday! 520-326-8137
  “I <3 UA BookStores”!
 raise your hand if you need your split ends trimmed!! I'm getting mine done today...when are you getting yours trimmed? hmmm? 520-326-8137
 hurray! The sun is back!
 just booked a Keratin Hair Complex Straightening for Friday morning...be on the lookout for amazing before & after pics Friday afternoon
 super rainy...hopefully it doesn't rain all week! otherwise what am I going to do with my hair?! :) 
 back to the grind tomorrow...hope everyone had a great weekend! even though it was so wet!
 back in Tucson and it's rainin cats and dogs! wah!
 sprinkles up in Phoenix... how's Tucson lookin?
 watching Shawn White get his GOLD medal! That boy has a TON of hair...a ton og GOOD hair...mmmmmm ... GO USA!
 RT  Have you SEEN  Jolie's NEW  Check it out! 
 Doesn't always understand them, but LOVES the new Old Spice body wash commercials!!!
 Just got 3 New Sergino Products in! Moisturizer, Mousse & Hair Spray! All in Stock!... 
 3 New Sergino products! Mousse, Moisturizer & HairSpray! We have all 3 in stock! 
 it's Monday = I'm not doing my hair
 why is the  closed already?!?!?! I didn't get to go =( LAME
 wooo! speed skating tonight!!! come on Apolo! we need a medal!!!!!
 good mornin! good mornin! we've talke the whole night through. good mornin! good mornin to you!
 someone is getting yelled at RIGHT now for that door not opening...I wouldn't want to be that guy right now
 indeed! RT  : Whoa! Awesome hair lady...
 i definitely felt like i would've enjoyed that even more if i had been on some type of drug lol RT  : Are we at a rave?
 isn't William shatner Canadian? thy should have had him do this poetry ish
 did Canada invent the laser light show? because they just took it to a whole new level!
 oh I get it...the skaters with lights are supposed to be like cars right? lol
  lol right???
 mount doom? where's frodo at?!
 oooooh!!!! THUNDER!!!!
 and what's up with the random Peter pan happenings???
 why are they bringing it down with the Joni Mitchell? depressing!
 I want some tap shoes with fire shooting out of them!!! let's get'em!!!!
 RT  : They are totally lip syncing! He started singing b4 his mic was up to his face. I just said the same thing!!!!
 RT  : Ahhhh the USA has cute wintery hats!
 LOVE shawn whites ling hair! guys can looked good with long hair! his is good because it's CLEAN :)
 props to the lone Jamaican athelete for repping his country, but maybe next time he could do his hair?
 I don't know if I love or hate ireland's NEON green pants... what do you think?
 LOVED britains opening ceremony outfits...super cute hats
  thanks to you too for the tweeeeeet!
  thanks for the tweeeeeeet!
 nice shorts Bermuda....LOL
 VERY excited to see all the fashions of the Opening Ceremonies of the Olympics!!! one more hour!
  WOO WOO!!!! lol
 today feels like a coffee day...
 OOOOH Check out these awesome Shiny Hair Tips! 
  that email address doesn't work
  why do they need a new home? is there a re homing fee?
 Too bad all the people who know how to run this country are busy running taxicabs or cutting hair. 
 after spending the weekend by the CA ocean, I'm convinced the desert is killing me. my hair and skin felt SO much happier in CA
 yes! Lady GaGa just announced her next tour will be inspired by the Wizard of OZ!!!! Can't imagine how amazing the hair will be!!!!!
 ahhh just washed my hair...hooray for clarifying shampoos!!! bye bye product build up!!!
 happy Friday!!!!!!
   - LOL I Feel ya! Just because I live in the South West doesn't mean I drive truck YA KNOW!
 I'm not offended by all the dumb-blonde jokes because I know that I'm not dumb.  I also know I'm not blonde.  ~Dolly Parton
  right back at cha!!! thanks!!!
 agh! choices choices... continue growing my hair out so it's big an sexy? OR chop it off and color it so it's short fresh and fun? aaahhhh!
 FREE YOURSELF FROM HARMFUL CHEMICALS with ONESTA which is now IN STOCK!!! 
 RT  : Funny: my grandmother said that if it has tires or testicles, its gonnal give you trouble! LOL
 Bat dog!! du-na-du-na-du-na-du-na BAT DOG!!! (Bruno mid-bark)
 We stock Onesta Products! Naturally derived ingredients & organic botanical extracts! 
 If you want that sexy-I-crashed-on-freaky-island-of-bizarreness look, pop in an get the PBH Beach or AQ Gelade = perfect beach hair. 
  starts tonight! yessss! I know if I was stranded on an island I would want my hair to look as good as Kates or Juliets!
 to bed. perhaps listening to Lady GaGa while sleeping will give inspiration for amazing new haircut/style/color which is no longer boring
 RT  The legendary Bill Murray courtside for the game today at McKale Center...His son, Luke, is a graduate assistant on ...
  Awesome advice! Def will check it out! THANKS!
  why was Bill 
  last year I only made to the places by the Holiday Inn on Palo Verde. lots of good stuff. is there any map w/descriptions?
  mostly I like the strands of predrilled stones that you can make your own jewelry with, and some of the finished pieces
 
   - *****BILL**** hehe sorry
  can't wait to go! probably be there Wednesday. anyone know the best spots to hit yet?
   - The guy with the white hair looks lik Bull Murray LOL
 salon is closed today....which means... !!!!!!! YEAY!!!!
 be careful driving if you're coming to the salon today!! The roads are really wet! 
 I LOVE THE RAIN!!...but...what am I supposed to do with my  I suppose I must stick with a ponytail, otherwise I'll be a poof ball
 color correction sone with just  
 did a color correction today at the salon just by using a special shampoo! pics up tomorrow. dm me if you need this service too
 Woo hoo! Finally got the Facebook up! 
 I'm missing the  but am loving the behind the scenes updates from 
 excited for the Golden Globes tonight!!
 very excited for the Golden Globes tonight!! can't wait to see some fierce styles and hot messes :)
 Pop in the  and get a  like the 1st ladies!
 Do you like Michele Obama's new do? 
 be careful if you're coming to the  in  today! There's a giant hole in the parking lot bc/of the restaurant next door! AH!
 Personally, I like  O'briens hair. I think it's fantastic! And would love to see it stay at it's current time slot.
 Roffler has updated & improved it's Thickening  Check it out! 
 on days like today, mostly  I wake up and wish my hair was already done
 FAB RT  : Hat Hair- 
 why is it that women with curly hair want straight hair, and women with straight  want curly hair?
 Have hair extensions? Keep yours from looking trashy by using 
 Kate Gosseling is on the cover of  with some REALLY bad hair extensions...have you seen it yet? poor thing...
 RT  : Gray hair is a blessing - ask any bald man.  ~Author Unknown
 Happy New Year! Get a new look by coming into the salon! We can give you a makeover to start 2010 with a new fresh fierce you!
