 NIGHT OUTFIT with  tonight! Deep cuts. Free valet. Get some. 
 Robert, Damon and Cory are behind the bar tonight! Who's in the mood for a cocktail?
 If you can't take the heat then get out of your kitchen and come to Loring Kitchen!
 Due to kitchen mainenance, Loring Kitchen will be closed next Tuesday, August 2nd, until 1pm.
 "Night Outfit!"  Drink Specials  Loring Kitchen   ESPADA!
 RT   here is some music to tide our friends over: 
 RT  Remember: You must RT at least 1 clue to win. First follower to RT & find me is going to U2! 
 Come check out Espada after the Tour de Fat.  Party Bus to funky town! 
 Oh yes oh yes.RT  Tonight I'm djing at  9-12 | FREE valet | drink specials in full effect. 
 RT  RT   first time I've ever been in town for it :) "Night Outfit" at  "Hella sexy i ...
 RT  Tomorrow: "Night Outfit" at  9-12 dj set by: Espada Great specials on food and drink. 
 RT   I'm at  that night 9-12 come through.
 Due to the extreme weather conditions, Loring Kitchen will be closing the kitchen at 9pm. Sorry for any inconvenience....
 It's so hot they might repeal the smoking ban.  "It's Hard Trivia" starts at 9 along with tasty drink & food specials!
 If you can't take the heat, get out of the kitchen and come to the Loring Kitchen! $5 Martini Monday with Lounge... 
 Walleye Fish Tacos tonight! DJ Agent Orange playing at 10pm!
 What's your favorite Patio bev?
 What's your favorite patio wine?  
    a bit muggy out so I'd say the Steak & Bleu Salad or the Seared Tuna w/Sweet Potato. nice n light
 Check out Minneapolooza!!! Loring Theater's Indoor/Outdoor Music Fest.  tickets on sale now! 
 Meatless Wednesday Special is The Loring Kitchen Sink, a fabulous veggie casserole with cognac cream sauce,... 
 Come to Loring Kitchen at 9pm tonight for happy hour, some fabulous trivia madness AND to celebrate Erin Suek's... 
 Stop in for great summer whites like Lincourt Steel Chardonnay! 
 St. Basil's Martini + Patio = Perfection.....
 Meatless Wednesday special, Linguini Pomodoro with kalmata olives, bell peppers, portabella mushrooms, fennel and... 
 We got Trivia tonight!  Hosted by our very own Ken Anderson!!!  starts at 9pm.  Win a Loring Kitchen Gift Card or... 
 Tonight!  8:30pm we have Patriot Karaoke.  Kenny Loggins, John Cougar, The Boss!!!  Let's Go!
 Come celebrate the 4th with our late night happy hour and sit on our NEW Parkside Patio to watch the fireworks!
 Here's another good photo of Pride at Loring Kitchen! 
 Come check out the NEW Parkside Patio!  Pairs nicely with a Mojito and grilled shrimp avocado salad! 
 Post your favorite photos of Pride at Loring Kitchen !!!
 It's a hot one today! Cool down with 21st Amendment's new beer, Hell or High Watermelon. Don't forgot The Loring... 
 An amazing appetizer tonight! Three bacon-wrapped scallops with smoked heirloom tomatoes and roasted red pepper cream for $15!
 RT  Don't forget our favorite girls  perform on Sunday after the parade at Loring Kitchen on Willow
 Thanks to    CLPC,  & Johnson Brothers for their support of the Official TCPride Block Party
 Tonight is the Inaugural  Block Party at Loring Kitchen & Bar.  Featuring  and  of Far From Falling! 6pm
 Wrecked Wheelhouse at 6pm tonight.  Sick of Sarah at 8pm.  Drinks & Food!  The First OFFICIAL TWIN CITIES PRIDE BLOCK PARTY!!!
 If anyone would like to participate in the Pride Parade and be on the Loring Kitchen float let us know!
 Tickets are still for sale!  Wear a sweater and bring your four-legged friend! 
 The calm before the storm.....Meatless Wednesday special Linguini Pesto Alfredo with sundried tomato, shallot,... 
 it is coming!  It is Coming!  It Is COMING!!! 
 We'll be serving up Doggie Lover's Pasta, Rib Snacks [ give your dog the bone ] and the Muttini!  Tickets are $10... 
 Tonight's Trivia Rounds are: Birthday Suit, Happy Pride! and Oh Baby, Oh Baby!!!!  Come eat some pasta and use your noodle.
 You don't need your kitchen when you have the Loring Kitchen! Trivia tonight!
 Tuesday Night Trivia!!!  Come down with your smartest friends to try to win a Loring Kitchen & Bar Gift Card or... 
 It's another gorgeous day and the patio is open! Omlette of the day....sausage, peppers and pepperjack. See you for lunch!
 Check out what Pride Weekend at LK&B is gonna be like!  via 
 Come to "LK&B // THE OFFICIAL TC PRIDE BLOCK PARTY // LK&B" Friday, June 24 from 6:00 pm to 9:00 pm. Loring... 
 Come to "LK&B // THE OFFICIAL TC PRIDE BLOCK PARTY // LK&B" Friday, June 24 from 6:00 pm to 9:00 pm. Loring... 
 Tonight is $5 Martini night!!  and Lounge Lizard Karaoke starts at 9pm!
 10pm Tonight we have NIGHT OUTFIT featuring Damien Espada Vasquez on the tables.  downtempo funk, soul, and... 
 Bring the old man [ or young man ] down to Loring Kitchen on June 19th for a delicious brunch buffet.  Traditional... 
 Meatless Wednesday! Southwest Chipolte Alfredo also Gazpacho are the specials, they would go with our new beer... 
 Tuesday Trivia.  Starts at 9pm!  get in here and flex your brain.  also drinks are cheap.
 Lounge Lizard Karaoke Starting at 8:30 tonight.  $5 Martinis ALL NIGHT LONG!  LKBLKBLKB
 Wag your fine tails over to Loring Kitchen & Bar on the Thursday evening before Twin Cities Pride and jump-start... 
 Trivia starts in under one hour!  Rounds tonight are bad behavior, Whodunnit,  and Are you smart enough to be a... 
 Tuesday Trivia!  Rounds tonight are Take it to the Bank, Sloppy Seconds, and Phil Er Up, plus the music round. See... 
 Learn how to make $ 50,000 a year from home! Tired of low wages and dead end jobs. I work ten hours a week from... 
 Loring Kitchen & Bar
 Learn how to make $ 50,000 a year from home! Tired of low wages and dead end jobs. I work ten hours a week from... 
 Weather Channel says she rain is going to miss us! So come enjoy the patio and a drink.
 Don't forget we have Lounge Lizard Karaoke tonight with $5 martinis!
 The patio is sunny, the doors are open.....what are you doing?
 It's going to be a fun night with $5 martini's and Lounge Lizard Karaoke!
 Don't forget tomorrow is Dining Out for Life! We have a couple reservations left for either 5pm or 9pm! We are also participating for lunch!
 Come hang with Auggie & the LK&B Crew for Monday Night Karaoke!
 Added the  Summer Ale on tap earlier this week.  Already on our 3rd Keg!  Guess it means people are ready for summer.
  of  will be  for NIGHT OUTFIT tonight!  10pm, Drinks Specials, Free Valet, Deep Cuts
  glad to hear you had such a good time.  I'll pass on the good word.  see you next time
 Tonight!  Espada returns to NIGHT OUTFIT at Loring Kitchen!  10pm, Drink Specials.
 Meatless Wednesday!  Tonight we are serving up Pappardelle with a white wine cream sauce, artichokes, zucchini,... 
 Trivia is going to be fun tonight! Categories are "Stevie Wonder", "You've got to have friends", "Name that... 
 Hey  Ladies Social will feature DJ Crystal Mann Tonight! 10pm, No Cover, Free Valet, Drink Specials!
 Night Outfit tonight will be held down by Nick Lambert aka DJ All Bugs! 10pm,  Drinks Specials, Free Valet!
 Make a reservation for Easter Sunday.  Our Buffet pairs perfectly with superior service. 
 Ok kids,  today is the LAST THURSDAY ALL DAY HAPPY HOUR until next winter.  Get in here and knock LK&B off its foundation.
 Get in here quick if you want to score a patio table for lunch today!
 This is what all day Happy Hour looks like! 
 THE PATIO IS OPEN!  chairs and tables arrived from storage today.  it's full already. 
 Fun Trivia tonight, the categories are I Dream of Jeanie, The Good The Bad and The Ugly (80s fads), Ladies Locking... 
 $5 Martini Monday all day! Plus Lounge Lizard Karaoke starts at 9...see you then!
 Come to "NIGHT OUTFIT // ESPADA // Loring Kitchen & Bar" Tomorrow from 10:00 pm to 1:00 am. ESPADA LK&B and YOU... 
 The benefit rolls on into happy hour.  $3 Taps, House Wine, Loring Buns, Fries.  $6 Pizzas, Martinis.  Do good for cheap.
 Chef Junji Umezu is preparing a special japanese dinner for our benefit for  Tsunami Relief. Proceeds will be donated to the Red Cross
 Tonight we are hosting a Benefit for the Japan Tsunami Relief Efforts.  Proceeds will be donated to Red Cross to... 
 Today is the last day to vote for City Pages Best of....Did you vote yet?
 Question: Who will be coming out to Trivia night to win a $40 gift card?
 $5 Martini Monday! We've made some new fun drinks for you to sample while singing Lounge Lizard Karaoke. See you at 9!
 The New Saturday Night residency featuring DJ Agent Orange!  10pm to 2am, NO COVER, FREE VALET, DRINK SPECIALS! 
 This morning we're serving a cornbeef hash omelet.  Put it together!
 RT  RT  I'm playing tunes  tonight. 10-1 come through. 
 Come hang with Damien Espada Vasquez and the Loring Kitchen & Bar crew at NIGHT OUTFIT 
 HAPPY HOUR ALL DAY & NIGHT!  
 Meatless Wednesday!  
 one week until our tsunami relief night.  Chef Junji Umezu will be presenting a special japanese menu,  proceeds... 
 Come to "NIGHT OUTFIT // LORING KITCHEN & BAR // DJ ESPADA of Wants VS Needs" Friday, March 25 from 10:00 pm to... 
 Starting tonight, Loring Kitchen and Bar will be adding a speed round for Trivia starting at 8, then our standard... 
 Don't forget to come in tonight for Lounge Lizard Karaoke with Auggie, sing your favorite Dolly Parton song!
 City Pages is doing their "Best of" issue, vote for Loring Kitchen and Bar! Best happy hour, patio or neighborhood bar perhaps?
 For Reals.  This morning we are serving a very nice Smoked Salmon, Cream Cheese & Spinach Omelet.  $5 AYCE... 
 Come in and say "Hi" to some of our new employees...we have Jesse at the host stand and Cory behind the bar!
 Loring Kitchen and Bar will be hosting a fundraiser for the American Red Cross to help Janpan on Wednesday March... 
 whatever you gave up for  LK&B has it... and they're good at keeping secrets.
 RT  so, instead of doing laundry and grocery shopping. I spent the evening at  . . . DAMMIT!
 Damien Espada Vasquez of Wants Vs. Needs is celebrating his birthday tonight at Loring Kitchen & Bar by doing what... 
 Happy Saint Patrick's Day Folks.  We got happy hour All  day today!  $3 taps, house wine, rail drinks, loring... 
 Meatless Wednesdays!  tonight we are serving Linguini in black garlic alfredo, baby spinach, sun blushed tomato,... 
 Join us for trivia tonight! The categories are "First names for last names", "All things Irish", "Famous Dicks"... 
 HELP JAPAN!!!! WE WILL BE HOSTING A TSUNAMI RELIEF DINNER AT LORING KITCHEN AND BAR. MORE INFORMATION TO FOLLOW... 
 Another fabulous night tonight with Auggie hosting Lounge Lizard Karaoke and $5 Martini Monday! Sing alittle CCR????
 Blue Marlin for our special tonight with asian veggies and coconut cilantro broth for $26. It's Sarah, Damon and Ken on the floor tonight!
 Blue Marling is our special tonight with asian veggies and coconut cilantro broth for $26. It's Sarah, Damon and Ken on the floor!
 Happy Daylight Savings! Stop in for a vegetable hash including zuccini, mushrooms, corn, leeks, asparagus and... 
 $5 All you can eat Pancakes til 11am.  FREE VALET til 1pm!  Breakfast is served!
   oh yea...a flight, a 'tini, and a dish from every category [cheese,char-cut,pasta,meat,starter] share   
 NIGHT OUTFIT at LK&B 2nite!    of   will be down. Roca Jams, Beebop grooves, slice n dice beats, vintage deep cuts. 
 Come to "NIGHT OUTFIT // LORING KITCHEN & BAR // DJ ESPADA of Wants VS Needs" Today from 10:00 pm to 1:00 am. Roca... 
 Little birdie says "LK&B has Happy Hour All Day Thursdays!"  Be a little birdie and tell your friends!
 Meatless Wednesday!  tonight we're running an Isreali Cous Cous, Marcona Almonds, beech mushroom, cherry tomato,... 
 Celebrate $5 Martini Monday and sing your favorite Elvis song with Lounge Lizard Karaoke startig at 8:30!
 It feels like we're in a snowglobe! Really gorgeous to watch with a glass of wine....
 Happy Hour every day and night now with new items added!
 Mmmmmmmm Lamb Sugo....yes please.....
 "Good Morning. May I park your car for you?"  That's what our Valet will say when you pull up.   FREE VALET FOR SATURDAY & SUNDAY BREAKFAST
 If you fixing to come out tonight and don't best have a reservation, you ought to check out Open Table. Happy... 
 RT  This Friday Mar 4th   "Night Outfit" w/ me of  ... 9pm to Midnight Go! 
 We Retrofitted our Happy Hour.  $3 Taps, Wine, Rails, Fries, Loring Buns and more!
 Happy Hour All Day Today!!!  3 Taps, House Wine, Fries, and Loring Buns!
 Come to "NIGHT OUTFIT // LORING KITCHEN & BAR // DJ ESPADA of Wants VS Needs" Friday, March 4 from 10:00 pm to... 
 Meatless LK&B!  tonight we are running Cranberry Beans, with Spice roasted cauliflower, shaved carrots, shallots,... 
 Another beautiful day and a perfect time to take your loved one to Loring for Date Night! By the way, the french onion soup is delicious!
 It's a beautiful day and an even better night at LKB! Auggie is back with Karaoke starting at 8:30 plus $5... 
 We're getting ready for our Oscar party! Chef Junji is making  Beef Oscar appetizers as well as waterchestnuts... 
 Bottomless Mimosas at Loring Kitchen this morning.  The Breakfast Club and another Mimosa at Loring Theater at 2pm!  Perfect Sunday.
 Stop in for Bottomless Mimosas this morning!  Then at 2pm head to the LoringTheater Minneapolis for the Matinee... 
 We've got three great specials tonight!  Enjoy!
 What's for  ?  Croque Lardon: Scrambled Eggs, Ham, Roasted Red Peppers, Swiss, Fresh Tomatos on French Baguette. 
 This morning we are running a Croque Lardon.   Scramble eggs with roasted red peppers, swiss cheese, ham, and... 
 Chef Junji just made an amazing special for tonight! Lobster, crab, scallops and shrimp tossed with tomato,... 
 RT  Tonight!  and  present "Night Outfit" w/  10p-2a. Happy Hour Specials All Night.
 Oscar Night at LK&B  via 
 Tomorrow Night is NIGHT OUTFIT AT LK&B!!!  Crazy good jams of Damien Espada Vasquez, cheap drinks, and free valet. 
 Vegetarian Wednesday Kick off!!! Starter  Pappadew pepper and goat cheese tart with saba vinegar  Entree... 
 Come to "NIGHT OUTFIT // LORING KITCHEN & BAR // DJ ESPADA of Wants VS Needs" Friday, February 25 from 10:00 pm to... 
 Don't forget! It's Date Night every Tuesday and we have some new items we're featuring. Also we have trivia starting at 9, come and play!
 Unfortunately due to the weather, karaoke won't be playing tonight but will resume next week!
 Happy President's Day! We have a great new soup, parsnip and ginger. Very tasty and perfect for a snowy day like... 
 Staying in tonight?  You can still get great bites from Loring Kitchen & Bar through Restaurant Connection Minneapolis 
 Tonight's special! Gnocci with spicy chorizo, jumbo shrimp, fennel and porcini with sun blushed tomatoes.....we... 
 We decided ro run some Huevos Rancheros this morning.  That goes great with our $10 bottomless mimosas.  For Real.
 We decided to run some Huevos Rancheros this morning.  For Real.
 In honor of the thirsty thursdays we're running Happy Hour all night long, so you don't have to wait til 9pm to... 
 We are working on making the new pizza of the week, Mexican Pizza! Plus don't forget trivia starts at 9,... 
 Staying in this weekend?  You can still get Loring's finest by ordering through Restaurant Connection Minneapolis. 
 Chuck, our cook, is expressing his inner anguish through pancakes this morning.
  Weekend at LK&B Bring your special someone or ditch them and come get crazy  via 
 Tonight we are pleased to play host to Jim Tonjum of Tonjum Cellars.  He will be in house from 7 to 9 answering... 
 RT  Bacon Cream Cheese Stuffed French Toast:  
 It's Thursday!!!! Half Priced Drinks after 5pm Today!!  Chris and Robert behind the bar; Shawn and Sarah running the floor!
 Feb. 11 to 14 is Valentine's Weekend at Loring Kitchen & Bar. We are serving Aphrodisiac Specials, and will unveil... 
 Feb. 11 to 14 is Valentine's Weekend at Loring Kitchen & Bar.  We are serving Aphrodisiac Specials, and will... 
 A fantastic Greek pizza or a bowl of cream of asparagus soup while playing trivia perhaps?
 Stop by tonight for Karaoke!  We get great singers! and cheap drinks are always a plus
 RT  Friday at  I make my return to Night Outfit | 9-1am and alllllll my favorite shit is getting played. 
 In honor of the pack we're running a Salmon Benny on Brioche with Dill Hollandaise & Spinach.  If you are already... 
 Holy smokes we're runing the Bacon Cream Cheese Stuffed French Toast again this weekend.  That's smart!
  of  is holding down night outfit right now at loring kitchen! Where are you?
  of  will be holding down our Night Outfit DJ Series tonight at 10pm.  Super Banging!
 Night Outfit tonight!  Featuring So Gold of Wants Vs. Needs!  Drink Specials! Free Valet!  10pm get some!
 In case you missed our Bar Manager Chris Brawner on Kare 11 yesterday [shame on you]  here is a link to the video.... 
 A nice little mention of our Aphrodisiac Menu that we will be serving February 11th to the 14th! 
 Thanks Lavender Magazine & HRC for a super fun Night!
 Come to "Super Bowl Alternative // Loring Kitchen & Bar" Sunday, February 6 from 5:00 pm to 8:00 pm. Sunday... 
 Hump Day!  tonight's half priced special is beef shortrib sugo over pappardelle $14. come and get it!
 FYI Our bar manager Chris Brawner is going to making another appearance on Kare 11's morning show at 11am. Check it out!
 Our new pizza of the week has been unveiled! Come in and order the chicken, asparagus and sundried tomato pizza... 
 Time to head to  Theater for Pricilla Queen of the Desert.  $10 gets you a ticket to the 2pm showing and a Mimosa.  So cool.
 Spend your Sunday in Loring Park.  Mention this post to get a free mimosa with a breakfast or lunch entree.  Then... 
  We don't but I'll talk to our distributors and get some in for you!  love 
 RT  Night Outfit w/  tonight  10-2 food & drink specials. Espada brings the funk.
 Make reservations for Valentine's Weekend! We're serving Aphrodisiac Specials and are debuting our new Sparkling... 
 Two For Ones All Night on Everything!  $60 Scotch or $3 Premium you're getting two of em!
 Come to "NIGHT OUTFIT // LORING KITCHEN & BAR // DJ ESPADA of Wants VS Needs" Friday, January 28 from 10:00 pm to... 
 It's Hump Day! To Celebrate our half price specials will be Arctic Char for $14 and Scotch Eggs for $5! 
 Start your night off with a date night dinner then you and your loved one can team up for trivia! You could win a... 
 Karaoke with Auggie is tonight!  8:30pm at Loring Kitchen & Bar.  We got some special guests to flex their vocal... 
 Just to let everyone know, Loring Kitchen & Bar will be closing at 7:30pm tonight for our Annual Employee Party.... 
 This Morning we have Bacon Cream Cheese Stuffed French Toast and Western Benedicts [ham,peppers,onions] with Chipotle Hollandaise.
 Bacon Cream Cheese Stuffed French Toast will perform an encore today, next to the ever lovable Western Benedict:... 
 Neighbors of Loring Kitchen and Bar, come in after 10pm for our Stumbling Distance Party!
 If you live in  Stop by Loring Kitchen Tonight! We're hosting the 1st Stumbling Distance- DISCOUNTS FOR NEIGHBORS
 Today we are serving Bacon & Cream Cheese Stuffed French Toast to help you live a smarter lifestyle.
 2nites specials:  Mussels in cilantro curry broth.  & Rainbow Trout Stuffed with Crab Salad atop Lobster Risotto.  it's what's for 
 Tonight's Specials are...  
 Two for ones Roll On all the way through Late night!
 Ok guys... Here it comes... 2 for 1's on all drinks all day Thursday! Bar area only. 
 Ok guys...  Here it comes...  2 for 1's on all drinks all day Thursday!  Bar area only.  Let the rowdiness ensue!
 We're trying something new.  Every Wednesday at Loring Kitchen is Hump Day Dinner featuring HALF PRICE DINNER... 
 Question: What fabulous restaurant has trivia every Tuesday night starting at 9:00 with Ken as the host?
 Come to "Monday Night Karaoke at Loring Kitchen & Bar" Today from 8:30 pm to 11:30 pm. Show us what you got!  Over... 
 Monday Night Karaoke!  Show us what you got!  starts at 8:30.  DRINK SPECIALS
 Celebrate the Golden Globe Award show Hollywood style with Ken, Damon and Sarah tonight! Dinner specials include... 
 We're doing a roasted vegetable frittata this morning with asparagus, spinach, tomato, mushroom, zucchini and swiss cheese!
 The snow looks beautiful outside of the portico windows.  Enjoy the view while you enjoy a roasted vegetable... 
 Here is this weekend's breakfast special!  Home-made biscuits and Gravy.  to die for...
 Tonight's Special: Seven Spiced Seared Wahoo [flaky white fish], baby bok choy, crysanthemum, shiitake,... 
 RT   - "Night Outfit" f.  of  tonight  10-2 drink specials free parking!
 Night Outfit is tomorrow night at Loring Kitchen & Bar.  Don't miss it! 
 "Night Outfit" at LK&B tomorrow nite feat.  of   Ultra chill & mind expansive jams.  Free Valet, Drink Specials, 10-2
 Come to "Michele's Going Away Party!" Wednesday, January 12 from 4:00 pm to 7:00 pm. Our Leader, Founder and... 
 Come to "NIGHT OUTFIT // LK&B // DJ ESPADA of Wants VS Needs" Friday, January 14 from 10:00 pm to 2:00 am. Come... 
 Frank151 gave Damien Espada Vasquez, our Friday Night DJ, a great write up! 
 
 What everyone needs today is a good benedict.  Rob in the kitchen is whipping up a Wild Mushroom Benedict on Brioche!
 Espada's mixes are so chill & mind expanding you'll get a brain freeze.  10 pm tonight!  NO COVER, FREE VALET,... 
 B Boys & Lovers Unite! for Night Outfit at Loring Kitchen & Bar! 
 Dreading another dreary Wednesday? LK&B can help you get over that hump with a smile. Join us for happy hour tonight starting at 4:00 pm.
 Spice up a chilly January evening with your special someone - it's date night at LK&B, and we've got a table for two! 
 Order a dinner entree in the next hour and a half & receive a complimentary tap beer or house wine!
 Specials for the Evening!  Pan Seared Hawaiian Ono with rice noodles, or a Foie Gras Torchon with Cracked Pepper... 
 Post-holiday letdown starting already? Cheer up with us at "Unwind Time" tonight - happy hour starts at 3:30pm! 
 Omelet of the Day:  Chicken, Asparagus, Cream Cheese.
 Break your New Year's Resolutions with a Bacon Potato Omelet, or a Sausage Omelet at Loring Kitchen & Bar!!
 Celebrate New Year's Eve at Loring Kitchen & Bar! We're serving a Prix Fixe, Hi-Fi / Lo-Fi Disc Jockeys  will... 
 Celebrate New Year's Eve at Loring Kitchen & Bar!  We're serving a Prix Fixe, Hi-Fi / Lo-Fi Disc Jockeys will... 
 Planning an event and looking for a caterer? Loring Kitchen and Bar takes catering to a whole new level! Call 612-843-0400 for more info.
 Don't forget about date night! Send out the old year right with a special dinner just for two. Check out the menu here: 
 Anybody who comes in and orders dinner before 9pm tonight gets a free house wine or tap beer!  Must be 21 years of... 
 Celebrate New Year's Eve at LK&B  via  Make reservations at 
 Come To Loring Kitchen & Bar for New Year's Eve. We're serving a Prix Fixe,  Hi-Fi / Lo-Fi Disc Jockeys will... 
 Send 2010 out with a bang! Our New Years Eve party will be one to remember - special menu, DJ, and a champagne toast at midnight!
 This Morning's Specials: Spinach & Leek Omelet or Sausage Pancakes!  Breakfast served til 2pm folks.
 Come To Loring Kitchen & Bar for New Year's Eve. We're serving a Prix Fixe and Hi-Fi / Lo-Fi Disc Jockeys will... 
 Come To Loring Kitchen & Bar for New Year's Eve.  We're serving a Prix Fixe and Hi-Fi / Lo-Fi Disc Jockeys  will... 
 Tonight we have Espada DJing from 10 to 1. NO COVER, DRINK SPECIALS...  and you already have work off tomorrow!
 Make plans for New Years Eve with us!  DJ Hi-Fi Lo-Fi will be spinning all night! Call for more details 612-843-0400
 Treat yourself to a pre-holiday night out - relax, enjoy the snow-covered park, and let us do the cooking for you! 
 Friday  Night "Night Outfit" at LK&B Tonight featuring: Hi-Fi Lo-Fi. 10pm NO COVER - FREE VALET - DRINK SPECIALS
 "Night Outfit" at Loring Kitchen & Bar  Tonight!  Featuring Hi-Fi / Lo-Fi Disc Jockeys  [Eric Lovold  of  The... 
 Going to be out at the last Holidazzle parade? Stop in and warm up with our special Tuaca Cider after the festivities! 
 Want to stay up-to-date on what's going on at Loring? Sign up for the newsletter, get the latest delivered to your inbox! 
 Don't forget about date night tonight. We've got your table for two - give us a call for reservations or more info! 
 Our view can't be beat! Come and have lunch and enjoy the beauty of the park with a fresh blanket of snow - it's beautiful here!
 Update:  Due to the amount of snow we cancelled Salsa Nigth tonight.  We ARE SERVING DINNER and plenty of liquor.  Come stay warm.
 Snowbird Special: Duck A L'Orange with roasted fingerlings, fennel and chanterelle. Goes great with a Tuaca Cider!
 New Drink from the Bar Masters? Try this.  Bermuda Winter: House-Spiced Dark Rum,  Rum Chata Horchata Liqueur, splash of soda.
 It's crazy outside.  Stop by and find some comfort in a bloody, toddy, or benedict.
 Spend New Years Eve with us by the park. We'll be hosting a DJ, a special New Years menu and a champagne toast at midnight!
 Come to "NIGHT OUTFIT // LK&B" Tomorrow from 10:00 pm to 1:00 am. Espada is settling in at Loring Kitchen.... 
 Come to "Wine Flight $20 Loring Kitchen & Bar" Monday, December 13 from 5:30 pm to 7:00 pm. Quality Wine & Spirits... 
 It's a beautiful day to enjoy a delicious meal while watching the snow fall in the park - come and have lunch with us! 
 Planning to "Light up Loring" tomorrow night? Stop in for a hot buttered rum and warm up after your carriage ride! 
 Making plans for New Years Eve? Come and spend it with us! We're featuring a special menu, DJ, and a champagne toast at midnight!
 Be watching for more information about our Wine Tasting charity event, planned for December 13th to benefit the Loring Park Community Group!
 2nit Specials: Pork Osso Buco w/creamed spinach,whipped potato, jus. Black Angus Ribeye, Fingerlings, charred Asparagus, peppercorn demi
 Tonight s Dinner special, Herb crusted Black Angus Ribeye with roasted fingerlings, charred aspargus, peppercorn and 5 herb demi.
 Business meetings, reunions, holiday parties...looking for the perfect place to host your get-together? Give us a call! 
 Looking to unwind on a chilly 'hump day?' Stop in for one of our happy hour specials and try our special menu items too! 
 It's Tuesday, you know what that means: Date Night! Bring in your sweetheart for a special menu made for two!  
 This Friday Night is the Inaugural Friday Fun Zone at Loring Kitchen & Bar!  DJ Espada at 10 pm.  NO COVER, FREE... 
 Come to "Friday Fun Zone at Loring Kitchen & Bar" Friday, December 3 from 10:00 pm to 1:00 am. Friday night at... 
 Come to Loring Kitchen to unwind after all your Black Friday Shopping or to escape your family.
 Thank you to everyone who stopped in yesterday for our Thanksgiving Buffet! We certainly enjoyed your visit.
 RT  Not your grandma's Thanksgiving -  (c) talks Thanksgiving buffets (via  
 Chef Junji's Turkey Tips on Showcase MN. 
 Salsa Fiesta at Loring Kitchen & Bar every Saturday Night! 
 Don't forget our Thanksgiving Day Buffet on November 25th from 11am to 7pm. For reservations visit www.loringkitchen.com!
 RT  Here's the recipe & Turkey tips form Chef Junji from his apperance today on  MN Showcase! 
 See nature's own ice sculptures in Loring Park today instead of skidding through traffic! We've got a great window on the park for lunch.
 Our own Chef Junji on Fox 9 this morning demonstrating how to brine a Thanksgiving Turkey! 
 Find our own Chef Junji's recipe for brining your Thanksgiving turkey at WCCO! 
 Reserve your seat for our Thanksgiving Day Buffet! Traditional and new selections - from 11am to 7pm on Nov 25th. Call us at 612-843-0400
 Did you know we have event space? Let us host and cater your holiday party! Call our Events Coordinator at 612-843-0400 for details!
 Early winter walk in Loring Park is quiet and relaxing. Stop in for a warm-up before heading back to the office today!
 Thanksgiving Day Buffet from 11am-7pm on Nov 25th! For reservations visit www.loringkitchen.com or call us at 612-843-0400
 Executive Chef Junji Umezu was on WCCO this morning with Angela Davis showing everybody how to brine a turkey for... 
 Our own Private Events Coordinator and Manager, Sarafina Schwartz is identified by the Pioneer Press as a 'Mover'! 
 Tonight starts our Date Night evenings! Bring your significant other for a dinner for two, starting at $40.
 Planning a holiday party for the office or friends? Give our events manager a call at 612-843-0400 for more details!
 Tomorrow is Date Night! Our special evening for couples includes Salad, Entree, Dessert starting at $40! Reservations: 612-843-0400
 Enjoy a relaxing evening at Loring Kitchen with your better half.  $40 pre-set couples menu every Tuesday night.  
 Winter has arrived, at least the first real snow has! Enjoy the views of a snow-covered park over lunch!
  Isn't the park great with a fresh blanket of snow? Thanks for stopping by!
 Don't forget, Date Night is just a few days away. Bring your sweetie in on the 16th for a special menu offering just for two!
 Catch breakfast Saturday morning with unique items from our special breakfast menu, served from 9am to 2pm! 
 Still time to reserve space for our Thanksgiving Buffet on Nov 25th! Call us at (612) 843-0400 or visit us at www.loringkitchen.com!
 RT  wcco filming a brining segment w chef junji ( Loring Kitchen and Bar) 
 Chris Brawner's St. Basil's Martini got picked up as the drink of the week by Saint Germain! 
 Ideas for lunch? How about our take on the classic Rueben or Rachel? More on our lunch menu (PDF) 
 We only have a few pleasant days before the snow sets in, why not stop in and enjoy lunch overlooking the park? It's beautiful here!
 We're planning a Thanksgiving Buffet for Nov. 25! Reserve your seats now at (612) 843-0400 or visit us online at www.loringkitchen.com!
 Happy Monday! Another great autumn day in the park! Stop in for lunch and enjoy the view!
 Our new 'Date Night' starts Nov 16th! From $40/couple with great dessert and wine options available for $16 extra!
 Taking reservations for our Thanksgiving Buffet! Call us at (612) 843-0400 or visit online at www.loringkitchen.com!
 A great day for a mid-autumn lunch by the park! Great selections on our new menu like The Thanksgiving!
 Bring your better half in for Date Night on November 16th! Specials include an appetizer and two entrées for $40.
 The mad scientist at the bar are creating some great new drinks.  Sake, cucumber, vodka, basil oil?  yea they did.
 Reserve your seat for our Thanksgiving Day Buffet on Nov. 25th! Visit www.loringkitchen.com or call (612) 843 0400!
 Our No-Hassle Halloween Party tomorrow night from 9pm to 2am! Costumes optional, masks at the door, free valet & appetizers, no cover!
 Friday Night Happy Hour at Loring Kitchen & Bar.  $3.50 Taps $6 Martinis $6 Pizzas!
 Wrap up your week with lunch by the park with us! Great items on the new menu like The Thanksgiving sandwich!
 L.A. Niks Hallowen Party!! Join us Saturday night from 9pm! More info: 
 Treat yourself tonight! Half-price on select red & white wines during dinner every Tuesday!
 Late autumn in Loring Park. A cool day, a good candidate for Chicken Noodle Soup with a great sandwich for lunch.
 Start planning for our Halloween Party on Oct 30th! Great food, friends, and L.A. Niks! Costumes Optional! 
  Glad you and the family had a great time on Friday. Thanks for stopping in!
 Need a little 'Unwind Time'? Happy Hour by the park is the place for it! Join us from 4-6pm this evening.
 Catch L.A. Niks at our No_Hassle Halloween Party on Oct 30th, 9pm. 
 Hey Folks, We're having a FREE No-Hassle Halloween Party on October 30th, 9pm to 2am. Costumes Optional,... 
 
 I posted 8 photos on Facebook in the album "Loring Kitchen & Bar" 
 Hey Folks, we're having a FREE No-Hassle Halloween Masquerade on October 30th, from 9pm to 2am.  Costumes are... 
 I posted 7 photos on Facebook in the album "Wall Photos" 
 Another gorgeous day in Loring Park, and we're happy to share it with you! Stop by after a walk, or for lunch.
 Tempting lunch items off the new menu: Truffle & Herb Risotto, a classic Reuben, or a Beet & Arugula salad!
 Did you know we have onsite private event space with full catering? For both corporate and group events! Details: 612-843-0400
 Happy Monday Loring neighborhood! We're enjoying the cool autumn weather in the park, have you?
 Enjoy breakfast by the park, a great start to every Sat & Sun morning from 8am-2pm! Breakfast menu (PDF): 
 Great write-up of the Twin Cities Book Festival being held this Saturday near Loring Park. 
 Cool days need good food! Our Loring burger or Classic Pepperoni Pizza fit the bill nicely!
 Our half-priced specials on select red & white wines every Tuesday! Take dinner by the park tonight on the patio!
 Did you know we have event space? For corporate events or holiday parties - give us a call to learn more! 612-843-0400
 Great weather again today, another great day in the park. Come for a walk, stay for lunch!
 Last day for restaurant week! Come in to get a taste of the beet salad, arctic char, spicy chocolate gelato...  oh and the beautiful weathee
  Glad you stopped in to share the afternoon with us! Another great day outside for sure!
 It's been another great week in the park, join us for happy hour from 4-6pm tonight to round out the week!
 Dinners off the new menu - Arctic Char w/cous cous, Pappardelle w/pink Vodka sauce & sun dried tomatoes, and a Double Bone Pork Chop!
 Catch autumn in the park over lunch today, we've got a great view! A Walleye sandwich would be perfect today!
 Another fine day today! Tonight we've got select red & white wines for half price! Enjoy with dinner on the patio!
  Wonderful! Always loved Aunt B :-)
  Thanks for visiting on Tuesday evening! Sounds like your podcast went well! :) 
 Stop in for our restaurant week specials.  Roasted Chicken on focaccia, beet & Arugula Salad, Arctic Char on Isreali Cous Cous, and gelato!
 It's Restaurant Week! LUNCH - Roasted Chicken, spiced pear jam, brie, arugula on foccacia, followed by spicy... 
 Another beautiful day by the park! Pick a new menu item to enjoy on the patio!
 We have a ton going on right now.  Rolling out some new menu items for the weekend! Crab Croquettas, Truffle &... 
 Some items on our new menu: Beet & Arugula Salad and The Thanksgiving Sandwich! Fun new things to try!
   Thanks for stopping in for dinner! Glad you had a good time! :-)
 Come in and check out our new menu! Some great new items to dazzle and delight a dinner by the park!
  Hope you both enjoyed the  the other night! Thanks for stopping by!
    Thanks for stopping in yesterday!
 View from the patio today! 
  Thanks for stopping in! Have fun!
 Watching Loring Park begin to change with the season. We're looking forward to autumn and love to share it with you on the patio!
 Today could be the last good patio day of the year.  ya better get in here for some happy hour!
 Another beautiful day in the park - a great one for lunch on the patio! Gotta love Minneapolis in the autumn!
  Glad to be participating on the  list! Thanks!
 Cold and rainy today - warm up with dinner tonight! Perhaps some Seared Scallops or Pan Seared Salmon!
 Something warmer for lunch as autumn approaches - Basil & Tomato Pizza is a good one, or a Beer Can Chicken Sandwich!
 Our Tuesday 1/2 priced wine special is tonight! Try select red & white whines for half price during dinner!
 Love the different seasons in the park, like summer fun  and winter starkness 
 Check out The Love Knot at the Music Box Theater starting this Thursday (9/24)! 
 Catch some 'Unwind Time' this evening on the patio! Happy hour specials from 4-6pm, and a great view to match!
 Summer in Loring Park is changing to Autumn, slowly but surely. We love sharing the view from our patio with you!
  Glad we had  on hand then. Thanks again for stopping in!
  Glad that you had a great visit with us!
 Every Tuesday is half-priced wine! Check out specials on select red & white wine with dinner tonight!
 We had a great time with everyone on our 1st anniversary this past weekend! Thank you!
 Today is the day, our one year anniversary! Celebrate all weekend with us! 
 Our One Year Anniversary is tomorrow [Sept 9]  and we are going to be partying all weekend with live music [fri &... 
 A beautiful day should be rewarded with a great view and a great lunch! Stop by the patio for something off the grill!
 Happy Tuesday! We'll have 1/2 off on select red & white wines tonight with dinner after 7pm!
 It's chilly out, but the grill is hot!  Come get some!
 Don't forget our 'Unwind Time' happy hour from 4-6pm M-F! With specials on beers, wines, and great snacks! PDF--> 
 Cooler weather is upon us today, a great day for a Loring Burger or maybe a Chicago Dog for lunch!
 We love the park! Friends of Loring Park has 3 Board Member positions open - learn more here 
 Quiet in the park during the fair - a great time for a walk and lunch! Beer Can Chicken on the patio would be perfect!
 Today's lived up to it's reputation. So unwind and treat yourself to dinner tonight on our patio with great views of Loring Park!
 Make lunch special - try a Grilled Portobello or a Walleye sandwich! We've got unique options to customize it to your taste!
 After a day at the fair, spend the evening with us and The Neighborhood Trio live tonight!!
 The Neighborhood Trio tomorrow night on the patio! Another great Friday evening in the park!
 We're looking forward to celebrating our 1yr anniversary by the park! Planning now, so watch for more details!
 Sitting through tastings of our upcoming new menu. :) Its fun developing new things! Watch for news soon!
 Great day out there today, might be a good day for lunch on the patio by the park! We'll keep a seat for you.
 Tonight would be a great evening for dinner overlooking the park! Cracker Crusted Walleye or a classic Tenderloin? 
 Looks like a quiet day in the park - great for a quick walk, or enjoy a great lunch & view of the park on our patio!
 Stop in Aug 24 for dinner and then catch the last of '4 Nights in Loring' with band Red Pens and the film 'Nobody'. 
 Don't forget we have 1/2 price on select red & white wines this evening at Loring Kitchen and Bar!
 We're looking forward to hosting The Neighborhood Trio on August 27th! Mark your calendars and stop in.
 Finally, some truly beautiful weather outdoors today! A great day for lunch in the park again - stop by our patio enjoy the afternoon!
 Check out our salads and other great summer fair on these hot August days! The patio is calling! :)
 Congrats! --> Loring Park memorial artwork receives Minneapolis Arts Commission award 
 RT   signature adult candybar libation is in fact called the Almond Joy! via 
 Made it though the storm yesterday? Maybe a nice salad on the patio for lunch is for you today!!
 Tonight we have half-price on select red & white wines! Have one with dinner tonight on the patio by the park!
 B-Team Rocking it tonight at LK&B!!! get in here for some happy hour
 Looking forward to another great week in the park! Our patio is open for lunch, weather permitting, and today looks like a great day!
 Tonight we are please to have Molly Dean to entertain us.  She starts at 9pm it's going to be great. 
 Summer walks in Loring Park on Fridays is a great stress reliever - along with a refreshing rest on our patio! We'll see you there!
 Molly Dean, a soulful acoustic folk artist will be on the patio tomorrow night!  More great music in the park to enjoy!
 Gorgeous outside today! Maybe one of our salads like the Asian Chicken Salad or the LK&B Chop Cobb for lunch!
 We'll be hosting Molly Dean, a soulful acoustic folk artist this Friday, August 6th on the patio! You're welcome to join us!
 Don't forget about the Loring Park Art Festival this weekend! August 7th & 8th! 
 Yesterday, our own Julie Wengler spent time at KARE 11 crafting some of our Cool Summer Cocktails! 
 Tune in to KARE 11 right now (10am) to catch our bartender showing our signature summer cocktails!
 Cloudy, a bit overcast, but still a good day for a quiet, relaxing lunch on the patio. Stop in after your walk in the park.
 RT  Cocktail Tour Part 4  serves up some fancy schmancy libations! (Thanks  
 Hey Molly Dean fans, we'll be hosting Molly on Friday, August 6th! Check in on the SongKick site 
 Looks like another winner of a day on the patio! Stop by and enjoy our view of Loring Park during lunch!
 Loring Park Art Festival is coming up on Aug 7&8 - a great time to spend in the park! Stop by and try refreshments on our patio!
