 Is Social Media Ruining Students?  
 Getting Social with eBooks  I'd love to see a study of retention rates, shared vs. non-shared reading.
 Failbook: Oh, Dad…  Love.
 How Can You Not Be Angry?  It'll take more than profanity, but good point about G+.
 Phone Booth 2011  Reminds me of War Games, if only I had a soda pop tab.
  From a globl perspective, is it that diffclt to see how we're going from a chaotic to a more ordered/universl educational state?
  Increasingly more keep saying things like this. Big changes for teachers, many will need to be willing to transition to online.
  You too, brother. Good stuff.
    Good discussion tonight, thank you. Nice to see healthy conversations not wholly confined to G+. :-)
   I certainly think so.
  Weaknesses w/in the system were easily & locally hidden. Increases in global collab gave rise to increased need for standards.
  In a word, yes.
    Seems like a healthy target to me.
 .  And I emphatically proclaim that a system w/o standards breeds chaos and reckless abandon, rarely bearing substantial fruit.
  Personally, I'm not a fan of the meta-analysis. You know, where you tweak the parameters so you get just the results you want.
  Maybe.
  Administrations, on the other hand, might be punitive when teachers don't perform to the administration's liking. 
  Standards themselves aren't punitive, they simply provide teachers with a target for performance and ability.
  I didn't even know they existed until after I left the classroom.
  I agree that NETS are often ignored in schools. Who's fault is that?
  will be more able to guide students through a learner-center curriculum than free-thinking teachers with no boundaries.
  I'd argue that a cadre of teachers capable of performing within NETS standards...
  With respect, you seem to be confusing teaching with learning...
  Furthermore, when resources are limited, standards help a group to leverage its collective power.
  I don't always agree with Marzano, but subscribe to the effectiveness of "defined autonomy." 
 . I agree with you about the Macbook, but disagree about standards.
 We've been cranking away at documentation materials for  soon-to-be-released data dashboard. Progressing nicely. 
 RT  Digital Oxytocin: Fun piece from  looking at our findings about trust & social media 
  Not yet but got a demo just the other day. We're considering LightSpeed as a district now.
  I'm interested in knowing what you think about it. How much do you think teachers will use it?
  Too many teachers and administrators fall for the sales pitch, without seeing the big picture and thinking things through.
   Agreed. Videos for instruction can be good supplements, but will never replace a skillful teacher.
 The Wrath Against Khan:  Why Some Educators Are Questioning Khan Academy  Interesting summary.
 Dear ISTE: How about NETS TL?  I'll bet  gets them, but it may take  a year or two to deliver.
 How to Burn a Lion Install DVD and Create Bootable Thumb Drive  Have you upgraded yet?
 A Brief Note to K12 
  So it's built into the SIS. That's good. We're using Skyward right now, and their grad tracking features are weak.
  Thanks, but I can't seem to get to the link.
  Thanks. Is there a link you could share - or a way I might see its features?
  What system are you guys using for your SEOP tracking?
 Looking for SEOP systems, will be sharing findings here.  What system does your school use to track student course plans?
  Got Lion yet?
 Apple Does Away With the MacBook  Until they bring it back in two years like they've done before.
  Doesn't surprise me at all. Apple's heavily invested in Twitter with the ios5 rollout.
   I think moving learning to the hallways in addition to traditional spaces, as long as hallways can sustain it.
   Students at all levels need structure most of the time, but can also thrive in what many adults might call chaos.
 Words Matter | Hallway  Many excellent what-ifs here by 
  Awesome! Glad it's working well for you. I'm a card muncher, too now, you know. :-)
 College Students Can Now Rent Textbooks Electronically From Amazon  I love this idea for colleges, wondering about k12.
 National Curriculum and Use of Technology  What are your thoughts on edu-netglow?
 5 Myths about Virtual Schools  Good list of myths and truths.
 High school lies about college 
 Creating ePubs: A Model for Multi-District Collaboration  I'd be happy w/ multi-departmental or multi-school. Good model.
 internet as transactional memory, atrophying individual memory? 
  Still hangin' in there?
 Zac And Shira’s Summer Jam  I'm a lot like Zac, but my name is different.
  I think the hardest part of opening a school is often arranging logistics; but in our case, cultural shifts have been hardest.
  Opening a school is hard. Opening a district, harder.
  So does Harry. Doh!
 A complete guide to web, Facebook, Twitter, and Google Plus privacy and security!  Nice work 
 I hear it all ends tomorrow. Luckily some will get to preview HOW it ends tonight. 
     
 New email this morning from Apple. Sad that they don't consider Twitter an app that should be used *during* studies. 
 What's your take on My Big Campus? Are you using it in your school?
 Just finished teaching a Continuing Ed session on Internet Safety at our local public library. Small group but healthy discussions.
 I love this shot of  jamming old- and new-school style at  
 Data  Interesting bundle shared by 
 Social Learning Analytics  Why not put learning analytics in the hands of learners & teachers alike?
 “School Libraries: What Next?” Ebook Project  I love seeing librarians pave the way by example! 
  11 or 12 points extra credit, but I think we should stick with 2. The rest can fit in mine.
  People are more important than things. How many more might we fit in that office? ;-)
  I just checked to see if you'd put a couch in your office. 
  Thanks, glad to be done!
  Just glad to be done and have it paid for! :-)
 Arrived today: Most expensive document I've ever had delivered. 
 Been using PDFpen and Formulate Pro to edit pdfs on the Mac. Anything better out there now?
 Have you considered how the definition of "book" is evolving?  Note Matas' use of the word.  
  I tried to leave a comment, but couldn't get past your captcha...
  The only legit reason I can think of for wanting circles.  Still, I prefer to avoid silos. 
  Dropbox.
 ImageToText iPhone app: Software that once cost $100, now comes free and fits in your hand!   
 The Hypocritical Part of the Argument  'Nuff said here on 
 “Uncle!” I’m done.  Until we can agree on the definition of learning, we'll never agree on how to achieve it.
 Living in a Swipe World  Interesting discussion of emerging literacies by 
  I'm in the same boat. Naturally, I added the same people to + that I follow on Twitter. I do think circles mean more silos.
 Space Exploration: 9 Private Companies  I hope this privatization leads to more public education not more privatization.
  The  are my favorite team in baseball!
 Top 50 Ways to Ruin Your Job Interview  I've seen every one of these as a job interviewer. (Good advice via 
  I thought 10 would show up, but 5 would carry their lamps without any oil. Either way, those are nice looking lamps.
  How was it? My guess is more of the same.
   All excellent advice for very common online teaching behaviors.
 Why Would Any Child Listen to Us?  When indulgence loses out to sacrifice, then will the future look bright.
 10 miles up the canyon, a few miles of dirt road, 2 miles of hiking. Perfect spot for a July lunch! 
  The crazy thing is that this year July looks a lot like "normal" Mays.
  Oddly, body soap tastes like gin and tonic.
   I dunno. Pacemakers that work and microwave popcorn are kinda nice. (And I love the Honda Pilot!)
  That type of solid past just might be better than  pant-less future. 
  Words matter. Seriously. I still want to buy the book (or booklet of you must).
  No autopost to all three that I know of, but I'm a curmudgeon, too, not wanting to add another network.
  Still thinking about your question, and forced to land on "lots and lots of plaid." 
  This picture's from this afternoon in the mountains near my home. 
  Yes, the snow season's over, but there's still a lot of snow!
  Did you get in to +? I sent another invite.
  Meshing personalities, understanding Principal visions & trying to accommodate, balancing security & support w/ EdTech hopes.
  Thanks Pam. It was great to see you at ISTE!
 Making significant progress on our  Virtual High School. Very excited for its potential. Opens Fall 2011!  
 What if there really were Google+ to Twitter/Facebook auto-posters out there but Google was hiding them in their search results? 
 RT  Google+ is now open to anyone with a GMail account: . 
  Sure. What's your gmail?
 Tried to put "Twitter" and "Facebook" on my G+ "Places Lived" profile, but Google Maps couldn't find them. 
 I remember when "hanging out" was done in person. You know, physically. Now we're becoming Googlified.  
  We're gonna need your help on Monday to find the questions teachers and principals will ask when using the system.
  I missed you at  How's your quest to become the Sec. of Transportation coming along? (You've got my vote!)
  I'm still Journey/Foreigner/Night Ranger jealous of you. Just sayin'.
  What's your favorite part? 
   My favorite tweet so far.  
  Congratulations on your appointment. You'll be great!
  Yes, I'm good now, thanks!
 I submitted my Dilemmas of Openness presentation for  I also submitted another on information workflow that I'm very excited about.
 Reflections  Nice shot of City Hall in Philadelphia, and a bit of deep thinking from  
 iPads Impact Instruction  Very helpful resource created by   and   
 The Connected States of America  "Community now extends as far as your cellphone can call."
  Google + 
  I'm not sure you could pry the iPod out of your son's hands. :-) How did  shots of him turn out, anyway?
  Personally, WebOS is growing one.
  Agreed about size. Kids prefer the smaller screen. Teachers and Admins here seem to prefer the iPad.
 Researching open online courses  I'll be following this closely.
 How to Make Burgers From “Salt & Fat”   from 
 Celebrating “The Power of Open” 
  As an IT department, we've tried Android in multiple flavors, WebOS, Kindle, & others, but few outside prefer anything but Apple.
 iPads and ISTE  Our district is seeing the same iPad acceptance as 
 15 Steps to Safer SN for Your Child  Volunteered to give an online safety gig at local library. Might discuss this.
 All of South Korea's Textbooks to Go Digital by 2015  Comfortable time-table, but ALL is a big word. (via 
 Pi is Wrong  I missed Tau Day, but guess this shows just how bored math researchers are these days.
 Still lots of snow for July. 
 On this scorching day, I made it through ISTE's new white-paper on coaching & community.  Still digesting, but pleased.
 Shun the non-believers  Yes, I think we're almost to that point.
 David Labaree’s Three Rules For New Education Researchers 
  It was nice to see you at ISTE. Thank you for your help in addressing our Skyward issues.
  ...and empty words result in a nation of frustrated educators. We may be discovering a pattern here. ;-)
 I like this def of learning & wonder if a common definition might help the MOOC discussions of  et al. 
   Agreed, but the national Ed Tech plan does show vision. However:
  Why wouldn't we move this way in our coming 1:1 schools? HS will be easier than MS   
 I like  vision & article in L&L  ...but like  honest take even more!  
  I didn't realize that was you. Next time, turn around and introduce yourself. :-) Was a great conference, wasn't it.
 Stop the tech-snobbery  Great advice for teachers at  and elsewhere (via 
  I also think we'd do well to quickly create a framework that would improve cross-field collaboration. 
  I think we have more to learn from those outside our field than within.
 Gooey Looies in South Philly. At second place remains The Philadelphian, in Central Sandy. 
 And the winner of  goes to...
 Had a nice  with  followed by a decent cheesesteak at Jakes to end the Philly run.
   Yes, definitely. It also depends greatly on the relationship between & personalities of the teacher and the observer.
  That's all I was trying to point out. Maybe hidden cameras in classrooms would help you observe more covertly. :-)
  Well, if you take the Heisenberg principal at face value, you believe that merely observing an experiment changes it's outcome.
  I realize that, but think your mere presence shifts instruction. Sometimes that can be good.
  We miss you here, brother.  did a great job!
 "Let us never forget that it's people." -  
 For the record, I'm much better at failing than I've ever been at winning. More practice does that. (Never give up!)  
 "They don't want to be told what to think. Agency." -  
  Incredible poem and demonstration of human learning and the power of thought! Thank you!
 "Because we haven't realized that placing kid after kid in cages isn't very useful." Wow.  
  Better personalize technology support efforts for  schools. 
  Improve networking among and for  students, staff, and patrons. 
 Yogile - Easy photo sharing! 
 TodaysMeet - Great for quickly-created back channels. 
 Happy to be the first to use the  hashtag.  Which also means I  the  and  games.
 The alternate profession of   Teddy Bear... cc://  
  How do you plan on observing the teachers that you lead, without also (adversely) impacting instruction? 
 Storyrobe: Simple, but effective iPhone app for digital storytelling. (via 
 Ahhh, the things you can learn from  Great work at  and free haircuts, too. 
 Great to see  and  in action during their session on student podcasting!  
 Impressed by the thinking of  and enjoying his  presentation with  
 Red Sox nation is out in full force tonight, but the Phils are up 2-0. Go Phillies! 
 Pinstripe suit with flip flops. Really?   
 "It shouldn't be called 1:1. It should be called 'Building a network' b/c the power is in the network!" - 
  Take good notes. I'd love to hear what he/you think!
  Right on!
 "Kids today don't know how to storyboard, and the planning's important!" -  
  Still here. :-) Just caught  presentation on cloud computing...
 Look Before Leaping   (Drape's Takes)
  One of my favorites!
   How'd that work out 4u? Newfound form of babe magnetry... or repellent? Tried being  the other day. Not pretty.
 Yes, w/o abandoning f2f. RT  PD in HD...teaching PD with video conferencing. Should our district move in this direction? 
 It was fun watching  work the crowd.  
 They were winding around the corner to get in to Dr.  next session on open source software!  
 Huge thanks to  for joining in from Australia! (Sorry the audio was so bad on our end.)
 Just finished a successful  poster session w/  on best practices for globally attended PD. Many great conversations!
 Why the Best Innovations Are Incremental, Not Monumental  Reminds me further of shifts from blogging to simpler media.
 Newsflash: The economy in the  sector is on the up and up. Check out the size of this  vendor floor! 
 "Without sharing, there is no education."  quotes  
 I absolutely agree that we must do a better job teaching kids to talk to strangers. Ed's present/future is filled w/ teachers we don't know.
 . is calling for a non-standardized curriculum. W/ respect, I disagree b/c I believe there is some knowledge all ppl should have.
   But Barry Manilow still keeps the passion alive. 
  Regarding passion-based learning, is there value in requiring students to focus diligently outside of their passion? 
  FWIW, I think TPACK has real merit, and think we should be using it as a framework more for the PD we offer.  
 Learning, to me, is increased understanding and ability. Learning also comes with an increased capacity/potential for future performance.
 "Own your identity." -  I really like how this idea is trending toward authentic rather than anonymous online identity. 
 Back-channel for   session. 
 Like the   uses     
 Looking forward to hearing  take on curriculum shifts. 
  I only go there for the food.  
 Told you there'd be qrcodes at   
  They don't want to let me in. 
 The smartest person at  is in this shot. ;-)     
 Packin' it in at the Blogger's Cafe for the opening keynote at  
  Thanks, and I will. But everybody knows the best cheesesteaks in the US are sold in Sandy.  but 
 Great work here from  RT  Get the Common Core Standards on Your Mobile Device  
  Missing you here, too. Thanks for holding down the fort while we're away.
 Diehard  attendees still call it NECC.
  Late run to Target last night produced no bags of taffy but it was worth a shot.
 The longer we sit here, the more that cougar on our wing starts to look like the devil. Could just be the Dramamine talking.
  In Denver now although we probably flew over you about an hour ago. Grounded with bad sensor.
  Sounds like we're on the same flight.
 En route to  and an hour out of Denver we got to turn back around to fix faulty sensor. I love flying Frontier.
  I still really like that post. Great to share honest feelings in a non-threatening way. 
   The social part's great, but I do think it's important to not be afraid to try something new, stretch, and think.
  Agreed. Not trying to knock human nature, but some people have a hard time making it beyond the social. 
  I've just used the rss feed from Diigo. Works great and most Diigo pages have feeds.
  Looking forward to seeing you too. :-)
  I sure hope so, but it all depends on the learner's drive. You usually get out of it what you put into it.
  Btw, I read your blog. 
  I'm afraid you're only "hearing" 1/52 of those that will be attending 
   
  Commercials are so 2007.
  I'd like to shake you're hand.
  Where's his ring?
  How?
   What kind of food will be served in the Blogger's Cafe.
  Fine. I'll make it 50.
  You're welcome. Thank you for participating in the conversation.
  ...in order to keep the common person down?
  I'm still chewing in your ideas. Are you saying you think ed leaders deconceptualize learning through assessments...
  I don't blame  for switching, either (makes sharing easier, more cnvenient). Also know Tumblr can be used for long-form.
  I'll give you $20 if you set ifttt to tweet Chicago's weather every half hour and a picture of me when Apple's stock drops .05%.
 I think many educators are satisfied with fast-food delivery of content when we could all be enjoying a greater feast. 
  So then your take is that the concept of learning is so ambiguous, that it's impossible to measure & really know its occurring?
  I like this history, tracing inst technology back to the Elder Sophists.  Not sure if inst = ed tech.
  Funny how our paths of thought often cross. I've been working through an article where I ref the def and history of ed tech.
  I get that measuring impacts learning  but how do you know when learning is even taking place?
  So then your traditional and MOOC courses are just free-for-alls? "Learn" what you want, don't worry about measuring progress?
  Yeah, probably. But apparently so is directed learning in a MOOC.
  Why not mimic topics in MOOC and trad., share assessments, and compare scores or even qualitative measures for both courses?
  You have specific topics you "cover" in your trad. courses, right? And probably specific means for learning those topics?
  No hay problema. :-) How are you using ifttt?
  It would help ppl to know if the learning benefits of MOOCs outweigh the lack of complete curriculum control.
  On both, yes.
  I'd like to know how post-course retention levels compare between MOOCs and traditional courses.
  No, I set that up a while back using Feedburner and the list's RSS feed. You could do it now just as easy with ifttt.
 The Continuing Shifts of Online Writing, Reading, and Thinking  (Drape's Takes)
  Looks interesting and I like the name. What will be the topic of your MOOC?
 Clarifying My Feeling Toward MOOCs bit.ly/jagxU4 Excellent & grounded take by  I would add that MOOCs favor the well-motivated.
 Fascinating peak-times for student use of NovaNet, according to Pearson. When do students study?   
 8 Great  Talks About The Future Of Education  Unsure how I missed this the first time around, but excellent list.
 What not to do at ISTE  Excellent advice from  for  n00bs and pros alike. I'm packing my telegraph now!
  I mostly agree but have found that education opens doors to opportunities that never before would have been available.
 A Taxonomy of Reflection: Critical Thinking For Students, Teachers, and Principals  Good stuff for PD. (via 
  Thank you. Clearly you'll be preparing people for their future and not our past. 
    
  Awesome. I hear the Gates Foundation got involved, too, and threatened to sue if Pearson used their trademark. 
  We've all sold our open 21st-Century-digitally-charged souls to provide networked intervention for digital native PLNs, haven't we.
 9 Key Implementation Factors for Successful 1:1 Laptop to Student Deployments   
   Agreed, but I think open has become a buzzword that even closed entities hope to exploit.
 How do you feel about Pearson using "open to learn" as a catch phrase? Are they really open?   
 Teaching w/ learners, learning w/ teachers.
 Enjoying the 2011 Online Learning and Virtual Schools Solution Summit today. Pearson show, been solid so far.
 My take on 21st Century  for   No pedestrians were harmed in the making of this film.
 Change a Culture and You'll Change the Future  I've updated last night's post to include additional examples. 
 The Internet: Where Anonymity Goes to Die  Absolutely true, but what does no online presence say about a person?
 Character occurrence in passwords 
 Change a Culture and You've Changed the Future  (Drape's Takes)
 They keep coming back.  I wish every teacher understood this well. 
 Are Your Presentations Powerful Or Pathetic? 4 Persuasive Presentation Preparation Tips  Good tips from 
 The Rise of Informal Knowledge and the Teacher’s Evolving Role  Shift still happens. 
 Best Day on the Job  This shows that students will rise to the expectations we have for them. 
 Wondering Vulnerably in Public  So important, but only if we're willing to forgive!
 Nice new "Apps for Teachers" section in iTunes. 
 The Hashtag Economy  Very interesting history of  and how they've had a cultural impact on society.
  The UASCD conference will be Nov 3 & 4 this year in Park City. I think it would be worthwhile to send a team. 
 Enjoyable and productive Board meeting today for  Should be a great conference in the fall.
   Maybe they don't yet realize radar screens are now available? ;-)
  I wonder if few citations suggest that researchers prefer tech-related discussions remain online, rather than in academic journals.
  I hadn't come across the article you wrote w/ Richardson until you referenced it this week. It's sad that academia passes over tech.
  Great find, btw, with the dearth of tech-related articles on ed leadership. Haven't read article yet, but look forward to it.
 I voted for  and think you should, too.  If you can't have 1:1, "centers" can be a great way to improve reading.
  Can you share some of the strategies you use to help cultures shift?
  I guess I just feel it's time to move beyond talk and really strike at the heart of the matter.
  Good points, and I think you've done and have been doing a great job with urgency and pointing out facts for years.
 Social networking sites and our lives  I'm still fascinated by these findings. (via 
   Gates has shown his cards now, though, and we'll know better in the future.
  You're right: schools and Ed leadership programs absolutely must change. I just think there must be better ways now to progress.
  I think it's now time we carefully examine cultural change theory to make significant progress with schools.
  thinking that yelling at people is all it will take to "make" them change.
  I thought your article was very well written! However, I also think we continue to blow off cultural and other obstacles...
 Gates Ed-Tech Winners Announced  Only 1 of 19 winners comes from public K12.
  When I dance, it's the opposite of contagious, but has been known to make people sick.
  I love watching you gear up for  Your excitement is contagious!
 The Problem of "Pedagogy" in a Web 2.0 Era  "This is not about tech, but how humans use our new tech." (via 
 A Technology Broadside Against School Leadership Programs  True to form,  pulls no punches.
 "I guess we didn't anticipate this kind of, what appears to be, hostility," Stephenson said.  Hmph.
 Apple iCloud vs Google vs Amazon Cloud Drive vs Dropbox vs Microsoft SkyDrive  Hard to pick the *one* best.
 "Edublogger happiness is a wack sack of comments." - 
 Social Crack  Bring it!
  Absolutely. For improved balance, I see no other way. (Last one in the pool's a rotten egg!)
 Beach bums have less trouble going "off the grid?"  Excellent suggestion for improved 
 Save the Dates - Announcing the Worldwide Library 2.011 Virtual (and Free) Conference  N.ice!
 Our State Suprntndnt is happy to see tech integrated effectively.  I'll be happy to see $1M grants dist to all schools.
 Alone in the crowd  I'm afraid we'll see a lot of this behavior at  too. (via 
 Twitter finds a place in the classroom  We learned this yrs ago experimenting w/ the backchannel during PD. (via 
 Everything I learned in Kindergarten  Great advice from 
 I hope you’ll search (with skill): a revised letter to my grads  Very good work from 
 My Email Canary  Smart, but will all people in the future have to be geeks just to be safe?
 The OfficePOD  The classroom of the future? (I hope not.)
 Airigami: The Fine Art of Balloon Sculpture by Larry Moss.  Cool and kinda creepy at the same time.
 School Owned iPads  Comments here are as helpful as the post. Following Apple's VPP adds complexity. 
 The E-Book Non-plan  I missed this the first time, but really like Doug's reasoning.
 Well, today was an interesting day. 
 In today's world, change is the constant we can always count on. - 
  You're always welcome in our home. 10 miles from BYU.
 Nice list of  sessions at   (via 
  Do you mean about Khan and the attention economy or planking?
 Making Your Online Students Feel Connected  Sometimes the best strategies for improving online learning aren't online.
 Everyone's aflutter about Salman Khan  Also note that in an attention economy, there's no such thing as negative press.
 Latest web oddity, 'planking,' takes hold in schools  +10 pts to the first Ed Tech to plank the  vendor floor.
 My  session was accepted. :-) I'm excited to be back in the presentation saddle again, with two coming at  too.
  You've got that right. Also, I think there's a lot to your old motto of working hard to make it look easy.
  Of course. My tweets are CC licensed. :-)
 Peter Suber on the 4-star openness rating  I agree completely with  on this one.
 Understanding 
 I look forward to the day when having a PLN goes from cool to common. Still too geek for most, & even mentioning can cause division. 
 Interesting how our first reaction now to Facebook setting/policy changes is to undo what's been changed. 
 State Ed Tech Directors National Trends Report  Infrastructure, support, innovative learning models, college/career prep.
 Hmph. Only 41 pages to the iTunes Store's new Terms of Service, but I can't seem to find the iBooks version.
 App Review: iChromy  Trying it now, glad it's not called iCrummy.
 What Mac owners need to know after today's WWDC announcements  Good summary, even more helpful than Apple's site.
 RT  Steve Jobs to Google, RIM & MSFT today at  I am altering the plan. Pray I don't alter it further.
 Is it just me, though, to think it feels a little dirty to have Twitter built right in to the OS? 
 Not news to you, I'm sure, but I'm impressed with iOS 5's new features. Nice to see Apple's been listening. 
 The Magical World of the Upcoming Mac iOS  I'd still like that weather app.
 Getting the most from your tech dollar 10: Stuff without training is money wasted  Good series.
 State Ed Officials are Targeting the   Sad to see USOE officials incapable of moving beyond the split.
 What College Degrees Are Really Worth  Nice overview here. (via 
  Danke, mein freund. Maybe this summer I can add more to the set.
 Need MORE Proof that Testing is Destroying Education?  I'm still stuck on the choice I'd make if I were in Jill's shoes.
  AirPrint Activator. Did you get my email?
 Contacting Principals today about slight adjustments in Tech assignments for next year. Sometimes difficult, but important conversations.
  I think you've inappropriately shortened the title of my post. I wrote specifically about  not online learning in general.
 LMS Comparison Tool  Good list of key components. Do you know of a better tool?
 What about Forgiveness?  Another "best post of the year." Thank you 
 I'm fascinated by how the term 'book' has transformed. Are apps now books?
  Thank you for the TED talk recommendation. I watched it this morning, fascinating!
 Starting off at the CAB for the 4th day in a row this morning, apparently attempting to take up residence. 
  Oh, I don't think it's you're fault. I agree that it's an immature format, still in progress.
  Btw, I like your use of links in the ePub (but really wish iBooks would open them inline!).
  I've dug into your book and hope to write a chapter. Thank you for sharing.
 No idea why, but this still makes me smile. RT  …
  How have you been? Thank you for serving our country.
 Pedagogy in a Box: Don't Underestimate the Messiness of eLearning  Or, reasons why non-educators just don't get it.
 If you were on Twitter  Great post, but feels so wrong to be sharing this on Twitter.
 Gamification in Education: What, How, Why Bother?  Interesting ideas, and quite the trend. 
 What is Google +1 and Does It Matter for Educators?  Very nice primer.
 I love to see that  ePub  workshop is sold out! 
   Can you believe the cover? (That yearbook teacher's got some guts!) Personally, I love it!
 My daughter's Jr. High yearbook, with hidden  slap.     
  Done (DM). Let me know how else I can help! :-)
  Exactly. These researchers blame gaming and passive screen-time on lower scores, but the real problem is parental involvement.
 Study shows computer time is taking over reading  But computer time *can* be reading time. The trick is 
  I prove myself wrong all the time. ;-) Looking forward to chatting at 
  Amazing to me how that goal has eluded so many colleges for so long. I understand the knowledge generation piece, but still...
  Earn their trust and teaching HS kids is the best!
  I really like to see this trend! It's a huge win that demonstrates how well most librarians have adapted. 
 New Rating System Targets Media's Education Potential  Move in the right direction, but can they do it accurately?
 Changing the Way We Teach: Making the Case for Learner-Centered Teaching  Good advice and solid justification. 
 Subcommittee Finds Charter Schools Succeed  Further evidence that any committee can find any "result" it wants to find.
 What Are Mobile Devices Teaching Your Kids?  And what are you doing to lead them in their learning? 
 Acceptable Use Policies in Web 2.0 & Mobile Era  Interesting list. 
 Connections: A Free eBook  Added to my summer reading list.
  Awesome solution(!) but I wonder now how we'd get all the garbage there.
  If past -> future, thn in 5 yrs, Twitter will feel like an old pair of shoes: still good for mowing lawn, but not going to church.
  Those  aren't that low (it's all relative). For communication, Twitter's simply another avenue, no more distracting than email.
  Thank you, and yes. I'm really looking forward to another trek to  Mecca!
 13% of online adults use Twitter, as of May 2011  Nice intimate crowd or today's modern stalkers? (via 
  Tackle the obstacles, one at a time. 
 The problem with handing devices to students...   Agreed. Are you surprised, upset, or unbelievingly of this fact?
  Which kind of policies and procedures are you looking for? These have worked well for us... 
 This Guy Has My Macbook  Great story. :-)
 School librarians identified as “go-to” person for digital content    
 Shorten your own dang URLs  Cool, but with another  win.
 Intel’s Museum of Me  For those still trying to find themselves? 
 I'm thankful for the time I have today to spend with some of the people I love. People matter, gadgets don't. 
 There's something about a hockey champion coming from Florida that just doesn't feel right. Advantage: Boston. 
 How to Be Irresistible at Any Age  Life Well-Lived 101
 Möbius Ship | Indianapolis Museum of Art  I love  
 Caring  Great advice for organization 
 U.S. Reforms Out of Sync With High-Performing Nations, Report Finds  
 What Will You Learn this Summer? 23 Professional Development Resources  Nice list of free summer PD. 
 Google flashes its new credit card app, Google Wallet  Cool.
 Just completed a very helpful discussion and tour of Park City's Ecker Hill Middle School (1:1). Thanks  for arranging the show!
  Thank you for the article about ipads in the CSD. Next up:  How is this not incredibly important news? 
  Exactly. If we saw how much some countries were spending on health care, their education numbers wouldn't seem so great.
 U.S. Education Spending and Performance vs. The World [INFOGRAPHIC]  I'd like to see spending on poverty & health, too.
