 Dodgers fireworks 
 Go Dodgers! 
  last tuesday/wed i went to bed at 5am coding, woke up at 8am... jumped right back into coding for a 10am presentation ;-)
  haha, i've totally been there.
  as stressful as tight deadlines are, i kind of like the multiple redbull days
 Caffeine is a magical drug
  I hear ya... somehow August 1st is the magic date for all of the projects on my plate
 working from  today, drinking espresso, trying to get through a programming sprint...
  that's never any fun.  hopefully it wasn't *too* bad.  i'll wait to hear the details and see if I can help
  do you know what language it's programmed in? DM me the details or give me a call
 Very clever gmail bashing by  microsoft: 
  you have the right idea Jim... Looks so relaxing.
 Thanks to   and  for a very informative talk on the state of PHP this evening. Lots of good stuff.
 after a chat with  today, I think I'm going to start using the  approach on future projects
 RT  The Web & Business Tools Startups Use Most [INFOGRAPHIC]  via  ^EF
 RT  Most important body part of a true leader? ......... Ears
  I noticed the same thing today, drive me crazy :-/
  i just had my first one about 3 weeks ago. It was awesome. Chowing down a nice traditional torta right now.
  happy early bday
 rSync is pretty freakin' fast for what it does...
 hanging out with my wife at  getting some work done while she's in a meeting
 RT  I propose Boehner and Obama have a $49.99 cage match on pay per view all money goes towards 14 trillion deficit.
 today got away from me, just got down to sit at a computer now.  looking forward to a power-packed evening.
 iOS 5 beta 4 downloading...
  that's my fav part, in my opinion worth the $29 alone
 Does anyone know a keyboard shortcut for launchpad on Lion?
  ice contemplated the same for the 405
 Stepping away from the desk to get a little work out in, today has been productive :-D
 Totally missed a webinar I really wanted to attend.  EDT, you got me on that one!
 I'm really liking Mail.app on Lion, a much needed refresh.
 I succumbed to the Apple marketing machine today
  thanks! My sanity resumes...
 local apache/php/mysql not affected by the Lion update... pleasantly surprised and very gracious.
 What's up with the inverted scrolling in Lion?  I like the rest of it, but this will get some getting used to...
 I've downloaded half a Lion... is that a cub?
 nevermind waiting...
 Waiting on Lion, I don't need my local web server crashing like last time with Snow Leopard. When I have time, I will.
 RT  If your web guys is unreliable and gives excuses full of jargon. Most likely he is full of crap and leading you on... get a new ...
 Tonight I feel like Forrest Gump, just replace running with walking
 Got distracted by  great job  crew... now back to work....
  for what?
 Would not want to be the system admin for The Sun right now...
 The heck with SEO, just get  to redirect a prominent home page to your twitter feed...   www.thesun.co.uk
 RT  The Sun's homepage now redirects to the Murdoch death story on the recently-owned New Times website. Can you spell success, ...
 I love when the web app you're building starts to feel "appy"... Devs know what I mean? 
 RT  developer prank - Put this in your co-worker's user stylesheet: * {-webkit-transform: rotateZ(-.1deg); }
 trying  pretty cool
 RT  a web developer walked into a bar. But quickly left when he saw the table layout.
 RT  Santa Clarita Valley Sheriff's Department to Conduct DUI Checkpoint: A DUI Checkpoint will be conducted on Frida... ...
 Dangers of short URLs.  Check out all the redirects.  Ends up at google like nothing ever happend.  
 Just started using  2 hours ago, already a huge improvement.  Why wasn't I using this months ago?
 in search of a good PHP IDE.  I've been using TextMate as an editor, now I'm liking what I see in Aptana Studio 3.  Any suggestions? 
 Cowboy coding 
 accidentally sent myself 133 emails 
  either long response times or Error 324 (net::ERR_EMPTY_RESPONSE): The server closed the connection without sending any data.
  is the grid having issues? sanduskycabinets.com is acting up.
 Dear  thanks for the customers, signed  // haha, i love it
 Who else is pissed at 
   I'm canceling mine and doing hulu plus and redbox
 RT                                         RT this.̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̸̨̨̨̨̨̨̨̨̨̨̨̨.̸̸̨̨If you thought your scr ...
 RT  Sequoia & friends blew $41M on Color, six months later 2 out of 3 of the founders are gone:  
 denormalizing data on a Sunday afternoon
  and beef jerkey
 wanted to see a movie tonight that I purchased through  and  is failing me...
  i'm having a problem with my order, is there an actual human i can talk to??
  thanks, i'm in... 
 ok, the new  theme is growing on me...
  maybe it was eaten by the google monster?  apparently they gave out too many invites and took some back. thx! i'll keep waitin
 Anyone got any Google+ invites? I think I'm the last one that's not in...
 Need a privacy policy on your site? Guilty of copying someone else's and tweaking it?  Use this: 
 Restarting my windows box to continue my Internet Explorer battle  
 debugging a drop down menu issue in IE 7 = wants to shoot self in face
 RT  Six years ago Newscorp bought MySpace for $580 million. Last week they sold it for $35 million. Today I saw it on eBay  ...
 today's workload = July 4, 5 and 6 -- Thoroughly enjoyed my mini vacation though, much needed before the little one comes.
 Check out  and  in Foundation 07.  Gave me a lot of inspiration and hope for the future. 
 RT  Being a programmer is really not about coding—that's a mere implementation detail—it's really about problem solving.
  I'm with you on that one... Mighty Mouth would do as well
    Thank you for all you put into it.. looking forward to Kreativ 2.0 somehow in the future...
 I'm at Beach House Tacos (San Buenaventura (Ventura)) 
 Snack time ( Garlands) 
 I'm at Pismo Beach 
 4th of July weekend w/ Raelyn's grandparents ( Shell Beach, Pismo Beach, California) 
  thanks, the request  is 1223804
  cool, will do.  thx!
  xfering from friends mt acct to mine.  is there a way to seemlessly xfer zone files, or do we delete from his and add to mine
 DJing in the Friendly Valley Social Club room. Come hang out. Now playing Flux Pavilion: Bass Cannon ♫♪  
 Anyone have a Google+ invite to spare?
 permissions are blowing my mind right now...
 Anyone have any Google+ invites?
  I feel ya on that.
 RT  Amazon Web Services Data Transfer Pricing Changes Effective July 1, 2011  
  "Good Luck" // in thick lithuanian accent
  I had a suspicion, I'm excited!
  where is this?
 just walked into a code explosion... had to step away from turntable.fm to concentrate :(
 Going to bed early, a loong week awaits
 DJing in the electro//house//dance//party room. Now playing Unknown  
 Wonder if Starbucks free wifi has a data cap... downloading 3.7GB file
 if i'm looking to hire you for web work and you have a flash intro on your website, i skip you...  
 I'm at Little Hammer Studios (29527 Louis Ave, Sierra Highway, Canyon Country) 
 I'm at Jasmine Thai BBQ Cuisine (26879 Bouquet Canyon Road, Seco canyon, Santa Clarita) 
 Also longurl.org is a great resource for URL expansion
 RT  Nothing says I'm out of ideas for my product like "custom skins."
 Pro tip: add a "+" to the end of a bit.ly link to see where it goes and basic stats
 Second wind ( Jack in the Box) 
  thanks, Ive never heard of them. Im super happy w/  but it's occasional work on godaddy hosting thats frustrating
 i despise GoDaddy hosting and all of the discontinuity across their services :(
 just put a fan in my office. it has "breeze" mode and simulates a non-steady, outdoor breeze.  never seen that in a fan before.
  happy father's day to you, Hasnain. I hope you had a great day.
 Decided I was going to teach myself ruby last night // awesome resource: 
 Raelyn's pregnant cravings are finally paying off for me as well... 
 RT  Terrible vulnerability in PayPal. Please let us all know via the  hashtag when PayPal responds. 
 Really Time Warner? Support Google Chrome por favor  cc:  
 Ben's in recovery :) ( Cedars-Sinai Medical Center w/ 5 others) 
 off to Cedar Sinai... please pray for my friend, Ben, who is having a cancerous tumor removed from his brain today.
 for anyone doing HTML5 video or audio,  is *really* awesome
 playing with html5 audio and  : - )
 Not a tea drinker, but I had an awesome cup of Egyptian tea tonight.  Accidentally drank the herbs too.  Current status: wired.
  congrats! looks really nice.
 My wife makes lunch better than I ever would on my own... 
 relatively low volume of email today, don't know if that's good or bad.
   good luck
 The Best Daily Deals in Fandango: Two Movie Tickets:  via 
 I'm at Starbucks (19435 Soledad Canyon Rd, Camp Plenty Rd., Canyon Country) 
 if i had the extra money, i'd be so tempted to get a Mac Dev account to give Lion a test run
 ✔ iOS 5 on my 3GS
 RT  .MsoNormal:after {
  very true... i once heard someone say: "it's ok to reinvent the wheel, if all the other wheels suck"
 now that WWDC is over, time to get some work done
 RT  How badass would it be if the keynote ended with a full grown lion coming on stage roaring, then Steve rides out on it's bac ...
 is it just me or is apple blatantly ripping off RIM and Android this morning for iOS 5?  feeling underwhelmed.
 RT   agrees to purchase  
 Tons of work to catch up on today AND WWDC keynote at 10am // Apple keynotes are always a wrench in my productivity.
 bummed i didn't make the  last night, happy that I saw my dad do some Aerosmith "Dream On" karaoke
 chrome > firefox > yellow pages > carrier pigeon > internet explorer
 no matter how much time it takes you to write up a contract for a small job, it's value is priceless when you need it to fall back on
  haha, that happened to me with some really nice pajama pants I got last Christmas.
 paypal sandbox is the death of me
 RT  A quite unpractical, but still interesting experiment: CSS colour codes with meanings - 
 RT  “Leads are like salad. The difference between salad and garbage is timing.” - article from   ...
 Sometimes I gauge time based on domain name renewals. Time flies.
 for businesses that need a chat-based sales rep to answer customers on their website, this looks promising: 
 Sprouter - Expert startup advice 
 If you add your significant other's house on foursquare, you better be the mayor 
  I'm looking forward to this
 How I've been feeling all day  RT  I can't wait to close this chapter and open the next.
  jealous... lol
 sick -- throat.  no voice = no fun
 Workin on a Saturday :-( ( Kreativ Cooperative Workspace) 
  Just keep it iced -- now enjoyable 4x longer.
 where's everyone at  today, did you all get raptured?
 my coffee is super potent today, it's like the bacardi 151 version of coffee
 RT  People are making Rapture jokes like there's no tomorrow.
 Just converted my  workbar space into a full fledged workstation 
 Pirates 4 ( Edwards Canyon Country 10) 
 A photo Raelyn took of  was nicely incorporated into his new website!  
  congrats on the nomination!
  why?
 Go Cache Go! 
 curve balls
 architecting a web-based file management system for a large property management company 
 Exotic car sightings today: Porsche Carrera GT and a new Mercedes SLS :-)
  Need a bookkeeper? 
  completely agreed! I'm in the same boat.  The phone gets stuff done, email just drags it out.
 note to self: never leave the WHERE clause off an UPDATE query when you're on a live site with no test server... 
 all of the pieces work, why not the whole thing? WHY!? 
 heading out to lunch and then catching a few hours of work at 
 this just made my day: 
 this sprite of today's Google logo really blows my mind: 
 RT  Residents in the Castaic & Santa Clarita communities should expect to see smoke coming from this area (5 Fwy past Hwy 126) du ...
 RT  LACoFD, starting tomorrow and lasting to July 1st, will be holding LIVE Fire Wildland training  Wayside Honor Rancho: http:/ ...
 Curiosity piqued. Time for bed. Goodnight.
 Now that South Point is gone, can Rio Lobo come back? 
 I bought a gift certificate for South Point right before they went out of business. 
  if it was closer, I'd contemplate doing it just because it sounds like so much fun. I haven't ran a 5k in over a year.
  That's quite a 5k there. I got tired just looking at the obstacles.  Have fun with it, that should be a lot of fun...
  I feel your pain, I just paid $4.27/gal :-(
  Congratulations! My baby girl is due up in 3 months. I can't wait! :-)
 Decided to use the golden ratio on a new site I'm working on.  No regrets.
 Got 2 hours of sleep last night. Trying to squeeze in one more. 
 RT  ☑ Saddam Hussein☑ Osama Bin Laden☐ Internet Explorer
 if you use a mac, you should check out 
  thanks for the follow, looking forward to using your devices when I revamp my external storage situation
 We have 96 followers on Twitter. Who will be our 100th? 
 We have 96 followers on Twitter. Who will be our 100th? 
 installed  yesterday and I'm loving it
 why do the MySQL gods hate me right now?
 Editing Photos from the Santa Clarita Street Fair!  www.santaclaritastreetfair.com
  have you seen  I'm thinking about going that route for backups sometime soon.
 does this mean Jack Bauer can come back to the USA with a full pardon for killing bin laden?
 RT  Do you think Obama said, "FINISH HIM!" in his Mortal Kombat voice? Because I totally would have.
 Jack Bauer finally got Osama
 RT  I can't believe Bin Laden fell for that phoney evite to the Royal Wedding.
 RT  sudo rm -rf /bin/laden
 RT  I'll believe OBL is dead when I see the long form death certificate.
  man I'm really sorry that happened. If it means anything, I saw the video the other day and it was really moving to me
  Tool - Lateralus
 i've had my headphones on my head for about 20 min and just realized I'm not listening to music 
 I am not a carpenter, even by ikea standards
 lunch time, finally
 so rookiedraftt is a dribbble clone for everyone in the hopes of getting drafted to dribbble? ah, i see... i think.
 woke up and had the inexplicable urge to setup  on my mac, now that's checked off, onward toward clearing off my plate
 international shipping is EXPEN$IVE!
 Kogi line is sooo long
 Kogi!
  local radio show love   
 kicked off the Easter weekend with a sedar meal last night at  looking forward to  service tonight
   great landscaper, hard worker, knowledgeable and in SCV
 time for bed, finally
 If you're thinking about doing version control, I have to recommend  - it just saved me a ton of time
 merging files like a boss
 Thank God for time machine. I just obliterated a directory and got it back like magic..
 now that my desk is clear, i'm working on clearing off my plate
 The date matches the price of a gallon of gas... And it's 4/20!?!?
 Congratulations Kreativ! 
 Finished editing photos from my Photo Shoot with Eddie Reynolds Worship! 
 .  showed me  today. I'm super excited for everyone involved in pulling that off. It's going to be great!
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 .  is experiencing an issue with their name servers, causing intermittent problems across web and email services.
 Back to back to back to back to back to back meetings... How did this happen!? 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "Photography- Eddie Reynolds" 
 Photo Shoot with Eddie Reynolds Worship today.  He wore this necklace by Intentionally Me - Hand Stamped Custom... 
 Photo Shoot at the Undergrounds today!
 just signed up on about.me: 
  do it, you wont regret it.  i went from aluminum macbook -> iMac -> MBP.  They're beastly little machines.
 RT  Juggling. Balls are dropped sometimes.
  
 you know you've lived in scv too long when you're coding and "fgetcsv" keeps ending up "fgetscv" 
 Good morning twitterverse
 this week's goal -> write more beautiful code
  thanks so much, exactly what i was looking for
  how do you disable local mail service for a domain in plesk 10? w/ my old dv server, i could just turn it off in plesk. thx!
  ah man, get better soon...
 It just poured rain then got really warm, the water on the ground is evaporating quickly making this really cool effect. Wish I had a camera
 had 4 hosting servers up last night, just consolidated to 2, next step down to 1 :-)
 ever send an email to the wrong person? i just did! :-0
  loving the new dv 4.0 server
 UK to hire "twitter czar" >  
 Migrating IMAP email boxes through Mail.app in OS X.  It's a little slow but works rather well.
 <-- man, anyone else get tired of their own twitter icon? I need to think up something new and fun.
 so many tabs open right now, next one will open a parallel dimension...
 So much fun shooting with  and  today.
 RT  Just got done shooting our first episode of Kreativ Insight :) 
 About to watch "Sicko" while I'm sick...
 Habit shakes > in n out shakes
 Drinking emergen-C like a boss.
 getting over whatever the heck hit me yesterday, about 70% right now...
  I'm not sure but I just confirmed it by going to Apple.com and searching the job postings.  Its going to be at the mall.
 Valencia is getting an Apple store!! :-)
 Emergen-C time before bed
 RT  If Butler shot at Tupac back in 1996, Tupac would still be alive.
 RT  EXTREME LOGGING IN 
 RT  Hey, it's 4/04. TODAY NOT FOUND. 
 feeling sick... blah
 RT  Great entropy! “ Q: How to generate a random string?
  oh white people
 .  alert for scv people.  apparently they're off plum canyon today.. random.  check their website for the address.
 I love it when craigslisters say "cash money"... What other type of cash is there?
 iMac for sale: 21.5" 3.06 Ghz Core 2 Duo, 4 GB Ram, 500 GB hard drive.... $850 anyone interested?
 Reading docs and came across this: There is also a "Space-Delimited"(*.prn) type.  Who came up with that file extension?
  nice, but have you seen Google Motion yet?
 Google Motion.. I LOVE IT:  hahaha
 .  only needs $85 to be fully funded.. do it, you know you want to 
 RT  Random lady in phoenix: "you're tall you should play basketball" Me: "Ehh I dunno" lady: "no really!" me: "ok I guess  ...
 God Bless Army Specialist Rudy A. Acosta.  Thank you for your service and ultimate sacrifice for our country.
 Photogs: do you prefer the term "take a picture" or "make a picture?"  I've heard both, what's your take?
 RT  I have increased my overall efficiency by 65% by finally staring at USB connections long enough to know by sight whic ...
  my soul weeps because I wasn't a "chosen one"
 anyone going to  at brave new world comics tonight or am I the only kogi junkie in the house?
 who is hitting up  at brave new world tonight?  if you've never had it before, try something new tonight.
 dissecting wordpress
 A good website is never truly finished, it's a perpetual work in progress
 RT  Dear MBAs: Right now, while you are still writing your business plan, a team of hackers somewhere is just launching their site.
 RT  Last week for  to raise their Kickstarter funds. Help them out! 
  maybe i'm missing something, but I don't see any contact info on your website, what phone  should I give people?
 I'm in love with alerts in FireFox 4  :-) 
 I posted 23 photos on Facebook in the album "Santa Clarita Street Fair" 
 Everyone check out the Santa Clarita Street Fair today!  I took some photos there this morning, the food trucks... 
 At  and just had a  crepe for the first time. Really good stuff, both the crepe and the fair
 Loving my mStand for my MacBook pro   Little Hammer Studios 
 Kickstarter - Kreativ - A Cooperative Workspace: 
 Brain = mush... I need what the guy in Limitless took
 Today: Finance reporting deadline + SQL queries = mind boggling
 Yesterday was Thursday, today it is Friday.. We so excited. 
 Everyone should go to  and support the cause.
 Watch Firefox cubs get treats when people download firefox 4.  
 Can't wait for  to open!  Check out the new creative workspace in SCV.  
 FIrefox 4 is out.... loving the new app tabs. 
 RT  RAIN DAY STATS:TODAY FROM 5AM-12PM THERE WERE 482 CRASHES OF ALL TYPES IN LA CO COMPARED TO 82 CRASHES ON 3/16 FOR SAME ...
 RT  400 Pound Sumo Wrestler Attempts To Set World Record In LA Marathon ...  ... what did you do today?
 Everyone near SCV- Check out this cooperative workspace- perfect for editing photos, programming, design, and... 
 RT  No great product/service ends up the way it was originally envisioned. You don't need a great idea. Start with ANYTHING, piv ...
 Taking bets: boy or girl? Hopefully finding out soon.
 RT  Japanese nuclear worker on the news: "I am prepared to die to avoid meltdown."  Say it with me--I will not complain ab ...
  I wish, that'd be awesome. No, the creator of Ruby on Rails is...
 BTW..  came out last night.. normally I'd be scared, this time I'm happy 
 i love when my web designs goes over well, it make me feel all warm and fuzzy 
 tried out the new personal hotspot feature on iOS 4.3 last night... crazy slow but a good option to have in an emergency
 RT  I'm racing the  car at Sebring this week:  -- follow  for live updates.
 RT  Internet Explorer 9 launches tonight, we've got your early look 
 One of those dual laptop kind of days   Little Hammer Studios 
 late night system adminin'
 RT  Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today  
  me too, really want to go next year 
 RT  Twitter tells third-party devs to stop making Twitter client apps:  /via 
 RT  Potential good stuff happening with  exciting stuff //  looking forward to see how it all plays out
 I posted 18 photos on Facebook in the album "Photography- Cal-West Landscaping" 
 Photo Shoot with Cal-West Landscaping this morning.  The photos are beautiful!  Cal-West did a fantastic job on... 
   newsletter was clean, sharp and pro... kudos...
 heading out to  
 I have just extracted some  from   
 RT   and  have actually sold ice to an eskimo.  
 RT   is Red Bull's secret ingredient. 
  you should do a custom decal for 
  congrats on the new laptop. our new macbook pros are bday buddies.
 Creatives out there: is there a better way to manage brushes in Photoshop or am I missing something? 
 What I like to hear! - "I have a new ultra high power VM with 128GB memory and 17 TB RAID-5 due to arrive any day, I put you on that one"
 IPad 2 today...
 It's my  birthday today.  :-)
 Who else is sick of seeing the same stock photos everywhere. 
 Anyone want to buy my truck? 2004 Toyota Tacoma, blk, auto, 4 cylinder, single cab, 79k miles... $7k  Please RT.
 Power's out... Anyone else with me?
 and God bless those techs faced with massive DDOS attacks...
 getting my sys admin skills on, nothing like a little DOS attack to get the blood pumping.
 The weather man says it could snow this weekend in Santa Clarita again.  Post your photos of the snow in your yard... 
 Anyone want to buy a 2004 tacoma? 
 Wow, borders is closing, wonder whats going to take its place 
 Best buy buy back program obviously banks on the fact people don't know about craigslist.
 How would you like your graphic design? 
 And the winner according to random.org is.... 
 The winner will be announced later this evening!
 just had to get my sys admin skills on.  that got the blood pumping a bit.  crisis averted.
 If your friend enters the free photo shoot contest, because they heard about it from you- add your name again with... 
 The winner will be announced later today!
 Why am I still up? 
 can't believe the cavs 26 game losing streak ended on the clippers.  i still love you blake griffin.   
 my wife accuses me of stealing food from the baby now when i eat off her plate.... sometimes i wish i could use that excuse
 sometimes i'm so anti HTML tables that I forget how useful they really are when applied correctly.  no need to reinvent the wheel
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 I posted 16 photos on Facebook in the album "Ryan's Fire Truck!" 
 I posted 16 photos on Facebook in the album "My Neighborhood" 
 I am extending the free photo shoot contest until Saturday evening! Be sure to post a link to my page and add your... 
 RT  Uninstalling dictator in progress ... ███████████████████████████░ ...99.9% complete    
 Breaking: Mubarak set to make a statement live 
 To win a free photo shoot all you have to do is:
 The new camera arrived today! I'm going to hold a contest for a free photo shoot!
 I posted 10 photos on Facebook in the album "Photography- Intentionally Me" 
 I posted 12 photos on Facebook in the album "Photography- Portrait" 
 I posted a new photo to Facebook 
 Title of future book "Do it, Dammit! Confessions of a Procrastinator"
 RT  You too can have your own Slash for only 3 payments of $79.99! But wait, call now and get your own off-key Fergie while  ...
 slash has redeemed this halftime show.... sort of...
 green bay, wow
 Canon Rebel T1i + 18-55mm lens + 8 GB sd card still for sale if anyone's interested... $580 firm. Please RT.
 anyone looking to buy a Canon Rebel T1i + 18-55mm lens? or a 13" aluminum macbook (late 2008 model)? hit me up...
 basecamp mobile is actually pretty nice  
  freshbooks
 Part of a rotating blackout to ensure everyone else has power? What!? I need to work 
  getting my power restored :-/
 Power outage!? Really!?
 All nighter or few hours of sleep? 
 I just gave 5 stars to a Meetup for The Los Angeles PHP Developers Group (LAPHP) 
 Started a new tumblr today for the techies out there: 
 the apple store is down... what could it be?
 RT  Searching for rockstar jQuery or similar JS library programmers. antonio[at]artificestudios.com
  enjoying Venu's nosql & SQL talk, thanks!  
 I'm going to a Meetup with The Los Angeles PHP Developers Group (LAPHP)! 
 RT  There's no spec for humans.txt! I can't validate it. There are no tools! This will never catch on! Ohhhhhhh… I get it. http: ...
 RT  The greatest minuature golf shot of all time: 
 Looking forward to see what  has in store.
 RT  Oh, well, okay... HTML5 has a new, W3C sponsored, superhero logo -   (via 
 no water all day today... they're replacing the pressure regulator for our water district
  everything seems better now with tumblr
  FYI, seems tumblr is crashing your homepage on artifice
 why does godaddy  have so many cnames pointing to mail services? e, email, mail, imap, pda, mobilemail, webmail... is this necessary?
 got a wireless remote for our Canon Rebel T1i yesterday, i'm having too much fun placing the camera across the room and snapping pics
 latest website to go live  // did the design, I helped out with some programming
 RT  MySpace lays off nearly half of its staff 
 Was considering Ruby on Rails until I found out 37signals uses PHP for their main site.  now I'm confused
 Really liking 
 Follow my personal twitter account   Making a better effort to separate work and play.
 Kernel panic :-o
  what was that todo list app you showed me today?
  I know a full charge bookkeeper that's really good. I'll ask her if she's a CPA tomorrow when i see her.
  is just what i was looking for in the realm of organizing my notes.
 RT  Homeless guy with an incredible radio voice  
   for scheduling tweets
 the new  website looks really nice
 Mission: Tie up loose ends.  After Jan 1st, the dam is set to break loose.  All good stuff :-)
 Deciding to step it up this new year.. I think I'll expand my horizons and learn C and maybe Python
 Little Hammer Power Meeting  The Habit - New protocols coming in 2011 to make us more efficient, professional and fun to work with :-)
 busy week... just launched , by far one of the most intense launches I've ever done.. case study to follow soon.
 thank you  for an amazing lunch!
 One last day of Christmas vacation: Universal Studios
 Merry Christmas to all, and to all, a goodnight!
 RT  Christmas Eve Giveaway: 
 RT  As a sequel to last year's Christmas geekery, I offer "Walking in a Startup Wonderland": 
  merry Christmas to you as well!
