 RT  Excited to announce support of free market warrior  Join our fight for liberty, RT:  
 RT  Rick Perry doesn't cry wolf. He makes Wolf Blitzer cry. (
 RT  Pls let's all help these Houston children whose parents were killed 2 wks ago! 2 of 3 children left paralyzed http:// ...
 RT  A $2.4tril debt limit increase would come on top of nearly $4tril debt Obama already added. That's $6trillion+ in new de ...
 RT  MUST READ: Krauthammer absolutely destroys Obama on the debt ceiling in his Pulitzer-worthy Friday WaPo column -- htt ...
 RT  If today's 9.2% UR isn't enough of a "wake up," check out this video from   
 RT  New EPA ruling could seriously jeopardize the use of Texas lignite for power generation, killing jobs and raising e ...
 RT  Ted Cruz on Obama v. Texas Showdown 
 RT  Thank you for supporting our campaign to defend liberty on Twitter. Will you also join us on Facebook? . ...
 RT  A Senate vote to repeal ObamaCare may come as soon as this afternoon. RT if you support repeal.  
 RT  I'm running for U.S. Senate to fight for economic liberty and defend the Constitution:   
  says AG  "quietly leading the charge" in fight against feds. Full interview here: 
 Biennial Revenue Estimate '12-'13 was just released by  Check out the details:  
 Gig 'em Aggies!  
 Congrats to the 3 new TX GOPers in Congress:   &     
 This piece discusses AG  efforts to protect Texas from federal overreach: .  
 Please join us in welcoming Natalie Riser as our firm's new executive assistant.  Read about her here: 
 The story political junkies have been waiting for... TX to gain four congressional seats -- most of any state. 
 We're hiring an Executive Assistant! Supports our lobbying, political consulting. . Resumes: resume
 Our prayers are with  for a full, quick recovery! (Had double bypass surgery). 
 RT   just released new report I co-authored: “Reclaiming the Constitution: Towards an Agenda for State Action.”  ...
 RT  RT  RT  Today is the day Fed Up! by Rick Perry is ready to launch.  www.feduptheboo ...
 TX House District 48 was decided by 16 votes. Statewide, only 37.47% of registered voters turned out in the election. Every vote counts.
 Our sincerest condolences to Chairman Kuempel's family and friends.
 Chairman Kuempel was a true Texan and public servant. His warm smile, good humor, and great personality will be missed at the Capitol.
  got the most votes of anyone in Texas (among contested races). Winning with 64% and 3.2 million votes. Job well done! 
 Looks like three Congressional GOP pickups in TX: Flores beats Edwards.  Canseco beats Rodriguez. Farenthold beats Ortiz, Sr. Congrats!
 Let's hear it for Representative-elect  Here's to returning real conservative representation in HD85!  
 Our math shows between 13 and 22 GOP pickups in the TX State House?  Are we missing something here??  
  You bet. And let's hear it for  defeating Abel Herrero! Great victory! 
 RT  AP Calles the race! VICTORY! Thank you all for your support and I look forward to a 2nd term!
 One of the big surprises in TX so far: US Rep Solomon Ortiz headed to defeat against Blake Farenthold in CD 27.  
 AP calls it for    
 RT  RT  With 58 of 88 pct. reporting, Connie Scott leads incumbent Abel Herrero, 10,576-9,491   ...
 RT  AP calls US House District 17 for Republican Bill Flores against Democrat Chet Edwards.
  re-elected!  headed for strong re-election. QuorumReport predicts GOP to pick up 13 State House seats.
 Republicans are up big in early voting across the state. Amazing!  
  won early voting 56.6-43%! 1,786 vote lead.
  won Lynn Co. early voting 325-130. In 2006, he only won that county by 14 total votes.
 First TX results in!  takes big lead in very limited early vote returns. 74-23 with 3 precincts reporting... stay tuned.
 Congrats to Senator-elect  Job well done by  and the team.  
 KY does the right thing. Let's hear it for Senator-elect    
 First Exit Polls...AP analysis plays it safe: Economy, dissatisfaction with Obama dominant issues for voters. 
 Let's go  and  Know anyone in Corpus or W. TX, pls urge them to vote today. 
 RT  Please VOTE TODAY if you haven't already & urge 5 friends. Support strong conservative candidates like  and  ...
 Be sure to follow us for the latest Texas election results tomorrow night.   
 If you live in Congressional District 23, be sure to vote for  tomorrow and urge a friend!   
 Polls are open tomorrow from 7a-7p. If you haven't voted, here's your polling place: . Remind a friend! 
 RT  RT  1 day until we HIRE Bill Flores, RETIRE Chet Edwards & FIRE Nancy Pelosi --  ...
 RT  One day before election day and the momentum keeps building -- the Tyler Morning Telegraph, Corpus Christi... . ...
 RT  And the voters act tomorrow:  RT  60 days till largest tax increase in American history, unless POTUS and Con ...
 Where will you be Election Night? Regardless, be sure to join us here virtually for the latest news, commentary and analysis. 
 Country song to close it out for  . Vote today until 7:00:   
 Poll shows rough night ahead for Democrats, according to  Perry 49, White 37. Full story by  
 Have you joined our email list for election news, commentary and analysis? Sign up:    
 Good move by  betting with Whitman instead of current CA gov. Go Rangers!   
 2 days of early voting. Locations: . Follow us for latest election news, commentary. FB: 
 Wow-  opponent received by far the most Houston personal injury lawyer money. RT to support Jim. 
 Heflin rated in "Extreme" danger of losing seat to  Burka says GOP could pickup 10+ seats. 
 Early voting til Fri! Vote  (Statewide),  (Corpus),  (W. TX).   
 Candidates: Use social networks to drive early voting turnout, then GOTV on Election Day. It's one of the main values. Now's the time!
 Good news for  as 2nd week of early voting begins: up 50-40 in new UT/Tribune poll. Have you voted? 
  Thanks for the RT... keep spreading the good word!
 Burka: Cook rating Flores-Edwards race as "Republican favored" basically means the race is not competitive. 
 Please  these great conservatives:    And vote early!  
 Corpus folks, pls support  . West Texans, vote for   
 Do you want the latest political news, commentary, online strategy and client updates. "Like" our FB Page: 
 Want to get involved in the election? Check out the  volunteer action center to help anywhere TX:  
 Great to see  endorse  for state rep in HD85. RT to keep momentum going!  
 RT  First day of early voting in TX. RT if you're energized to vote early & stand up for liberty. Locations: 
 Another big endorsement for  Plainview Daily Herald: Need conservative GOP voice representing district. 
 Early voting begins today! Convenient way to let your voice be heard. Map to locations across TX:  
  continues to gain strong momentum for re-election. Endorsed by Amarillo Globe-News.  
 RT  NRA recently honored me with its 2010 Freedom Fund Award. Featured in Oct issue of several NRA publications.  ...
 RT  "Texas is beating California...again." 
 RT  Here is a link to my page. Go suggest my page to 50 of your friends today! We still need 270 more fans to reach... htt ...
 Texas GOP leadership looking at possibility of moving up primary to become "a bigger player in 2012." Good move? 
 Great news for  Endorsed by  PAC as only pro-life candidate in HD85 race. 
  for TX State Rep has a redesigned website! Pls have a look, join her email list, RT. Thx! 
 RT  FIVE QUESTIONS with Jim Landtroop ( candidate for TX House Dist 85     ...
 In case you missed our report on TX House candidates' fundraising. Some revealing numbers...   
 RT  We're on TV!  via 
 Our analysis of total $ raised by R and D TX House candidates and total $ on hand. Are Ds holding their cards? 
 Saw this coming...Breaking: DCCC Cuts Back Ad Buy for Chet Edwards --    (via 
 RT  Holy cow! Perry cash on hand = $10M. White cash on hand = $2.75M. Perry raised $8.26M, White $4.68M.
 Reception this Wed, Oct. 6 in Austin for TX Ag Commissioner  For more info: ashley or 512-480-0006
 Registered to vote? . If yes, pls RT this. If not, today is the deadline...make sure you can let your voice be heard!
 check out Gov. Perry's funny new ad on Bill White  
 congratulates Sen. Ogden on his endorsement from Empower Texans PAC, the political arm of Texans for Fiscal Responsibility!
 congratulates Sen. Ogden on his endorsements from the Texas Farm Bureau and TX Alliance for Life!
 congratulates Rep. Mark Shelton on his endorsement from Empower Texans. 
 congratulations to Sen. Ogden on his Young Conservatives of TX endorsement!
 AP projecting...Brown will win! Coakley throwing in the towel, has conceded.
 66% Reporting: Brown 53%/Coakley 46%....could it be happening?
 52% Reporting: Brown 53%/Coakley 47%....
 25% of Mass vote counted, Brown at 52%
 21% of vote counted in Mass., Brown up by 7%.....
 In the News: Majority Would Vote Against Obama 
 Follow Senator Ogden on Facebook: 
 Video of General Abbott's Hannity interview: 
 General Abbott will be on Fox News live tonight, 8:30 pm CST, to discuss the potential constitutional problems with HR 3590 (Obamacare).
