 Video: Dollar resumes its decline, reaction to my unemployment blog 
 Video: Unemployment compensation — the new early retirement & 3rd rail of American politics 
 Video: The markets and the Fed 
 Government Stimulus, One Year Later - Last week marked the one year anniversary of the American Reinvestment... 
 Rather Than Learn The Lessons Of The Crisis, The Administration Is Plunging Full-Speed Ahead On The Same... 
 Video: The REAL Change in Washington 2012! 
 Video: Competition Bad for Health Care? 
 Photo: Our Kids Don’t Have an Obesity Problem… 
 Video: Sovereign Debt Crisis? 
 RT  Jon Stewart Defends Ron Paul Against Fox News: My biggest criticism/question of the "Tea Party" ...   ...
 RT  The Fed's "Exit Plan" Is Just Another Secret Gift To Wall Street by  
 RT  Americans Says "No" to Keynes: According to a recent Rasmussen poll, 70% of Americans think that...   ...
 Wow, 500+ followers!  Thanks everyone!  Can we get 100 fans on Facebook? 
 Video: Keynesian Predictions vs. American History 
 [Download] Mises and Austrian Economics: A Personal View - Ron Paul deserves a high place in the history of... 
 Government is Not the Solution - One of the most common misconceptions on the United States economy is that... 
 Video: Peter Schiff (Austrian) debates David Epstein (Keynesian) 
 Fed Independence - Excerpt from The Case Against the Fed, by Murray Rothbard The standard reply of the Fed... 
 The Simplicity Test: A Simple Policy Guide for Job Growth - By Mark Cuban, BlogMaverick The simplest way to... 
 Video: Peter Schiff Interview 
 Instead of Seeding the Soil for a Real Recovery We Are Setting the Stage for a Prolonged Depression - In this... 
 Become a fan of  on Facebook 
 RT  Is surprised that she is reading about  for one of her classes as a theory of development.
  thanks, tumblr's been great so far! (and it's free)
 How To Fix the Jobs Problem - by Llewellyn H. Rockwell, Jr. 
 The Only Way to Get Money Out of Politics: Strip The Government of its Power - by Sheldon Richman 
 Video: The Unemployment Game Show: Are You Really Unemployed? 
 Video: Schiff: State of the Union 
 Video: Ron Paul vs Paul Kanjorski on Bernanke reappointment 
 The Great Recession: How We Got Here and How We Get Out - Dean Baker, Center for Economic and Policy Research... 
 Legalize Competing Currencies - Much has been made recently about the supposed economic recovery. A few blips... 
 Video: Ron Paul on Larry King w/ Keynesian Robert Reich 
 Video: “Fear the Boom and Bust” a Hayek vs. Keynes Rap Anthem 
 Illusions of the Age of Keynes 
 The Fallacies of Another New Deal - As the financial panics on Wall Street seem to be never-ending, a lot of... 
 Why Did the 'Stimulus' Fail to Help the Economy? - When Congress was debating President Obama’s proposed... 
 Video: Applying Economics to American History 
 Video: The Core of What Economics Teaches 
 Video: New bank regulations, China, and the dollar 
 Ron Paul: State of the Republic Address - (Parts 2 & 3 after the jump) 
 Video: Ron Paul on Competing Currencies 
 Krugman-in-Wonderland 
 "It's Not Our Fault" - 
 Video: The State of the Nation 
 Government Is Too Big to Succeed - Last week, the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission kicked off their first... 
 Video: American Samoa: The real story 60 Minutes missed 
 Those who are labeled as Keynesians in the video (Bernanke & Krugman) ar... (YouTube )
 Keynesianism Delivers a Decade of Zero - This past week we celebrated the end of what most people agree was a... 
 Video: Jobs-Jobs-Jobs (via SchiffReport) 
 Video: Ben Bernanke (via SchiffReport) 
 I uploaded a YouTube video -- Keynesian Economics vs. Austrian Economics 
