 Laying down tryna go 2 sleep
 twitter will mess u up.
 Do wat it do
 Smh
 Up
 Wide awake
  yea..
  spades nigga
 Done playing but not sleepy
 Oh well..
  yes! Tell em lol
 So who still up?
 Put the team on my back tho
 8 books by myself!
 Set them by myself
 Pounds rarely happen 2 me when I'm on the table. Dare 2 say I'm unpoundable?
 Spades
 I'm usually the slow 1 lol
 I want a ____
 Feeling a way 2night
 RT  Falcons are gonna have a good season 
 Cheap n smooth Great combo
 Found my new favorite vodka
 Pretty sucky summer had it's ups and downs
 Tired of mess
  lol ok
  no just being protective. Hope u find at ur looking 4
  yay lol
  they know wat u got and will still pull u in and strike u before u strike them
  that's not a good thing 2 b. Especially wit these guys out here
 Those where the nastiest chips doritos have ever invented
 RT  RT  I havent been to the club all summer
 Not good 2 have sexual tension 4 someone
 RT  so I need a massage....BADLY!! any takers??
  lol
  yep u sexy :)
 Waiting 4 her 2 remind me of her sexy ways
  know she sexy smh
 Lean lean lean
  galax gun!!!!
 These chips r nasty
 The life of the wife is ended by the knife
 RT  RT  RT  Its a great feeling when feelings are mutual. But not just heard through (cont)  ...
 RT  Females are so possessive its a shame ..... and its all females and they dnt even know it ....
 If u plucking in ob coming 2 the crib.
  :-/ lol
  I want some 2
 RT  Wat happen 2 my texin friends
  idk depends on Ellis... Doubt it right now
  wats good man
 Wat are the pluckers doin 2night?
 So who in the burg?
 Fresh out the shower
 Just leaving the gym
  o ok
 Tired
  u dnt know how 2 play? I got u
 No hard feelings
 Feel anti-social 2day
 
 Off 2 the gym
  lol
 Thank god it's Friday
 2day will b a productive day
 Good morning everyone
 You may have unrealistic expectations about an investment or a... More for Aquarius 
 Got cha
 Lol wrd
 A massage + fellatio = one happy camper
  lol dnt know if it will still b here
 RT  Wish I had the company of oomf right now
 RT  It's hard to talk to females sometimes...
  ok kool playa playa lol
 RT  Twitter will get you caught up
 lay ur head on my pillow
  wats wrong
 RT  my body hurts..
 RT  so when ppl take a year and a day to txt back i lose interest in the conversation
 Somebody stop txtin me back
 Lol LB has 1 to many lol
 Shots can go with any game ANY
 Brand new
  lol smh
 Smooth
  come on lol
 Who tryna go shot 4 shot?
 fellatio>>>>
 Kunnilingus
  I see lol
  -__- yeeeaaaa right lol creative imagination u got there
  u watching Troy 2
  just saying lol
  idk just made me laugh. Look like u was tryna look sexy haha
 <----- Lmbo   avi lol
 Smh
 Pizza liquor card sounds like a good combination
 Pizza
 Feel like playing some spades
 Damn that taste good surprisingly
  __ loathe__
 Fresh out the shower
  I will later on I will
  big bottle of vodka it's super smooth
 
 Need a drink
 definitely might open this bottle 2night
 An educated professional shouldn't go off he say she say when dealing wit ppl money
 Pissed
 Tired AF
 Wat a workout
 
 Time 2 hit the gym
 And a :-) 2 one of my twitterless friends who really need it
 sending a :-) 2  look like they need it
 Let me find a spam nigga on the streets. Gon be O V over
 Spam nigga have no F'in life
  I see smdh... Lol
 Unemployed mom earns $4397 per month work from home jobs online. read it now at 
 Romantic Venus enters your 7th House of Partnerships today, sw... More for Aquarius 
 Every time I come around the city bling bling
  lol u wish lol
 Fish taste great bout 2 destroy this food 
  a drink look it up
 Use 2 play baseball so I can definitely catch hints
 Guess I'll cook up this flounder and some rice
  kool
  ok
  aiight lol wat y'all on 2night
 Thats wats up
  kool make sure u get a jägerbomb
 East side ob where the tree is the most green
 Trapaholics
 Never heard someone articulate a sneeze lol
 Pressed like pants lol that's funny
 Me and my bish bout 2 go Miami just 2 go swimming.
 Ninja!!!!!
 Nothin new tho lol
 weird
  ...umm ok? Lol
 Lol happens everytime
 :-/
 Dman tho
 ..... burr
 Show n tell
  where u goin
 Thinking bout some baked or fried fish 4 dinner
  4...
 Y'all boys tryna hoop? 
 My town home sitting on 1 acre! Who the neighbors! This aka from jamaica now that's paper
 My town home sitting on 1 acre! Who the neighbors
 All dis liquor
 I'm good how's everyone else?
 Guess I'll b making a trip on campus later on
 Smh
  I still dnt trust Chinese chicken when it's mixed in rice..
  lol u right
 Can u imagine gas prices sky rocketing on her period? Lol 
  I would move 2 Canada if we ever get a female president
  girl need 2 get the kitchen and cook butt ass nake 4 there man on the regular  wouldn't have no problems
  females can't play no ball like that lol
   look like a anorexic white girl wit Chinese ass
  harsh
  this nigga better pick up the phone
  that's all u do lol
  some black women have the body of a goddess, white women have the body of a comfortable table (cont) 
  mexicans know how 2 build the mess out of some houses.
 Good morning everyone
 Your key planet Uranus forms a superconductive trine with the ... More for Aquarius 
 RT  the music on Doug b ON IT! i LOOOVVEEE The Beats!!
 RT  Too old for games
 Damn lol
 Niggas
 Smh  
  hells kitchen
 Eastside orangeburg all day
 Serving up ass whoopings all night wit a side of sh!t talkin
 I hope  n  dnt try 2 run from there ass whoppings. twitterless ls joann 2
 RT   sexy AF
  tryna kill a nigga on the road twice
 Spades tournament my house 2night 8:00 bout 2 find out who the best of the burg is. might need drinks 2 so if u tryna put in hit me up
 Can home 2 these nigga on the sticks. Whoop ass time 
 Attention orangeburg pluckers: Going 2 the store round 6 if u coming 2night and tryna drink hit me up other wise b sober
 Dnt workout before u eat something u asking 4 trouble
 Should have this morning
 So damn tired... Good workout tho
 Phone blowning up wit sh!t talker lol ppl got stuff 2 prove
 Nigga talkin big sh!t I cant wait lol
 Time 4 the gym
  u look like a fruity drinker lol ok we b mixing so ull b good
  well least cut the middle man out and tell me wat u would like and dnt drink
  watever y'all put in and ask 4 gotta make a run 2 the store cause I dnt have nothin at the moment
  wrd 8:00 my house hit me up if u tryna drink
 Dude thought he won on price is right 
 Spades tournament my house 2night 8:00 bout 2 find out who the best of the burg is. might need drinks 2 so if u tryna put in hit me up
 Spade tourney 8:00 at my crib. The orangeburg pros will be in attendance. Also some rookies hopefully cough cough lol
 Dream crusher tournament 2night make sure  n  and who ever else believe that can play are there.
  :-)
  :-)
  lol
  u invited 2. I need a bowl 2 catch y'all tears
  think imma make this call and get u and ur partner personally escorted 2 this ass whoopin
 They call me dream crusher on the table cause I make u realize u have no game
 This sorry nigga  making me wanna have a spades tournament 2night 2 crush some dreams e
  the day I come 2 a rookie table is when pigs fly that's like a NFL team coming 2 Oliver C Dawson 2 destroy state
  ignore
  shit u ain't said nothing but a thing 1 call and spade pros will be at my house 2night
 Damn lol that new mcdonalds commercial messed up
  watever hater lol
 aww man if my  cuzo  give the thumbs up then i gotta do it
  I'm tweeting the truth. Still got that youngin spade breast milk on your lip
  ok will do
 Who wants to start this DREADful process? Lol
 So I'm thinking bout getting dreaded up
  me 2
  real game recognize real game and u smell like a rookie. I'm a season spades pro and wit a good partner I'm invincible
 Think imma send a smile to all the females that RT that tweet. It's a beautiful thing y'all doing lol
  word. Y'all niggas need 2 get on a real table 1 day heard bout the rookie games y'all b playing on campus
 I need a secretary
 No calls 4 me any time soon lol
 Phone bout 2 die...
  wats it called
 S/o 2 all the females that sleep in the nude.
  u welcome :-)
  if she is worth the trouble then they will and take the bruises she dishes out
 Never 2 early lol
  we know 2 duck n cover lol
 HA! I SEE! how some ppl wanna b lol
 Look on my TL -__- really
 She's fine 2 but I want u
  *looks in the mirror, whips his eyes* oh that's me! good morning! Lol
  ok I feel ya.
  already got a nice lil fro so mines bout ready 2 get dreaded up where u at?
 Well this app atleast
 Phone messing up
  naw F that do that sh!t I'm thinking bout starting some 2 bruh
 Good morning everyoneb
  no.. That's like saying r all women the same
 You are buzzing with creative ideas today, but all your innova... More for Aquarius 
 Everybody tweet bout  is it on???
 Lot of these girls out here are opportunist quick 2 jump at something that seems promising. if u got the right bait go fishing
 Whooping ass n taking names
  not really watching it.. It's a rerun the new 1 come on 2morrow.
 Bored at the crib
 Came from left field.....
 Ok Obama good points but if yo ass ain't bout 2 put on a apron and cook yo ass need 2 get off the air...
 Y a presidential address have 2 come on now...
 Noooo
 Can't b serious lol
 Smh lol
 Females
 This mix girl on hells kitchen can get it! I think it's her lips and the fact she can cook
 RT  Gridiron Kings > Basketball Wives
 Hells kitchen
  u do 2
  u sorry
  naw but I'll get it 2morrow 4 u
 need a massage...
 Soar
  I hope u get ur stuff worked out
 Feeling tight feeling right
 Just leaving the gym
 Nobody here
 
  wats wrong homie?
 Feeling good feeling great
 Good morning everyone
 Wat a way 2 wake up!!
 You could be asked to offer your impression about someone you ... More for Aquarius 
 Time 2 get off here later tweeps
 Slim Jim dare. Sounds good
 They got a new slim Jim out! Gotta try it
 Smack it flip it rub it down.
 Give it 2 me baby!
 Lmao!!
  ohh me so horny
 
 When I was young I never needed anyone. making luv was just 4 fun those days are gone.
 RT  "lay it low..and spread it side"
 Ah man lol
 I like surprises
 U know it lol
 DMs Only. A=Let's date. B= You're cute. C=Wanna be more than friends. D=We should chill sumtimes. F= you're ugly, unfollow
 Whao!!! Good answer! Lol
  lol wat u laughing at
 Oh boy... Lol
  9:00 I think on fox. and hells kitchen come on before that at 8
  o ok make sure u watch master chief 2morrow that's way better show
 
 Imma hit this azz up like it's my last
  I want 1
 Good answer good answer lol
 I see ya lookin wit cha lookin ass
 DMs ONLY!!!!!! Finish this sentence: Me and you should _________ ... Post this as a tweet and see what responses
  lol jk it's gon b off the chain cause imma b there
  it's gon b lame lol
 Whooped ass in  nothing new
  so! Better get some lol
  yea that sound good bring me a piece lol
  no it's not cause that sound nasty actually lol i would have went 4 the pound cake and ice cream
  pie crust, pound cake, ice cream wit a piece of candy on top mmm lol
 Cops
  lol ok
  bring ur butt 2 ob lol
  lol
 Well at least 5 of us lol
 8REAL in this bish
 Where is  ?
 Damn son where u find this!!!
 Here come the rain
 Can I talk 2 u? Comfort u? Let u know I care for u
 going wit the flow of life
 wat to do?
  he say alot but I was talkin bout next yrs band any i dnt even know if I'm marching... Dnt have time 4 that sh!t
  yea u do. Think I'm goin up there Monday so he can tell me face 2 face
  just talking in general bout how he reducing/taking scholarships from over half the band 2 give to the freshmen.
  mines 2 but i got a letter bout scholoarships so wat that mean?
  just talking in general about him reducing niggas scholarship 4 them and they not that good.
 thats like a NFL trading and reducing there best players pay to get a 5th round rookie. they not going to the Superbowl no time soon
 so Ellis sh!t on his upperclassmen for these freshmen. they bout 2 have the worst year ever smh. crawling cross the tracks
 zone out the world and enter my own
  to the c.o.l.o.u.r.s album d-_-b
 2011 bout 2 be a intersting year
 no matter wat i smile
 I love music and it loves me back
 music feeds my soul
 mood = down
 Sly fox
 Bday S/O to  have a good 1
 Gladiator is on
 Always in the wrong..
 
 Ppl be frontin lol
 Such a beautiful day in the neighborhood
 Good morning everyone
 There's a certain safety in holding on to the past or trying t... More for Aquarius 
 Wat a night
 Time 2 whoop ass
  u swinging by the crib
 Playing spades
 RT if ur bored in the burg
 RT  where all the pretty women at in oburg?????
 check out this article! I made $280 today! 
 Nobody in this world is 2 good 4 nobody. Close minded thinking like that will cause u 2 b alone in life hands down.
 Oh u fancy huh?
 Time 2 get some food
 Game/karaoke night 2night 7:30 my crib. Come have a blast  the palace
 check out this article! I made $290 today! 
 check out this article! I made $360 today! 
 Game/karaoke night 2night 7:30 my crib. Hit me or mark up if u tryna drink. Come have a blast  the palace
 So ppl wanna have a game night lol aiight
 Who in orangeburg and tryna hoop?
 Feel like hooping
  o ok? Lol naw I'm talkin bout something else
  lol wat u talking bout man?
 LB lol
 Morning
 Everyone is playing a part in your movie now that the dramatic... More for Aquarius 
  wat r u talking about? lol
  idk
 Hasn't been the best day
 Thats wats up tho...
 RT  Trying to stay positive
 Can't judge me if u dnt know nothin about me. But sadly ppl do it anyway 
 feel like play a game or something feeling competitive
 RT  2 things that's overrated.....going out partying and drinking alcohol
 RT  RT  I'm  at school...the best way to be. 
  Mr. Carter - Wayne
 need some motivation
 Hungry time 2 go find some food
 RT  An  personal magnetism is so damn strong and they always attract appreciation, affection, and attention
 tired and alil sore. Need a massage. not from these slack followers lol where my massage chair?
 
 Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
 I like unexpected txtes 
  lol
 RT  I wanna go 2 carowinds
 Fresh out the shower and the rm clean. Mind much more clear now
 
 My life's story I tell ya..
 Wanna go on a dinner date 
 RT  Better Days Are On The Way
  wrd! If I can make it up there I will definitely  be there
 So wats the move 4 the ppl in the burg 2night?
  wrd!
  hey!! Lol better pay a visit
 <---- The villain
 Bout 2 murder this sub at the house
 Good workout 2day.. Feeling better
 Time 2 hit the gym and clear my mind
 ....
  brand name
 Didn't wake up the best and it's not getting any better
 RT  when one door closes, another one opens!
 Morning ppl
 The energetic Aries Moon buzzing in your 3rd House of Communic... More for Aquarius 
 Did this cartoon on nick just curse?
 Phase 10 when we get home. The champ is here
  nigga said they wanted 2 have a game night then didn't show up
  shit idk. nigga say they wanna have meeting then bail when 1 come up
   not here  on the way
