 RT  "Fear causes hesitation ... and hesitation will cause your worst fears to come true."  ~ Patrick Swayze in "Point Break"
 RT  You may think there is a lot wrong with you, but there is also a lot right with you.  
 Joyce and Kevin O'Brien talk about surviving breast cancer and melanoma
 How to harness the Internet to market your small business, get more customers, leads - 
 Email marketing – a 3 step process to grow your business - 
 Wordpress websites for small business – 6 reasons to use it now - 
 RT  Check it out. Transfer big media files for FREE!  
 RT  New blog post: T Harv Eker - Act In Spite Of Fear  ...
 RT  Bill Walsh, John Assaraf, T Harv Eker, Luan Mitchell, Les Brown, John Gray, Marshall.. 
 RT  In America, any boy may become president and I suppose that's just one of the risks he takes. - Adlai Stevenson 
 RT  Virtue is persecuted more by the wicked than it is loved by the good.~ Buddha 
 RT  I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
 Top 1 Percent Control 42 Percent of Financial Wealth in the U.S. - How Average Americans are Lured.. 
 RT  Tell a man there are 300 billion stars in the universe and he'll believe you. Tell him a seat has wet paint on it and  ...
   Great sound. Get yourself on Pandora Radio somehow.
  I couldn't agree more about random search phrases
 "Morality, like art, means drawing a line someplace." ~ Oscar Wilde 
 "May you mature before you grow old, baby" ~ anon  
 RT  “The problem with socialism is that you eventually,
 RT  "Adapt, don't adopt. Learn from everyone but stay true to your authentic self"
 RT  Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
 RT  Mahatma Gandhi had bad breath, calluses on his feet & was frail. This made him a super calloused fragile mystic hexed b ...
 "Who would have guessed reading and writing would pay off!" ~ Homer Simpson
 "Half the money I spend on advertising is wasted; the trouble is I don't know which half." ~ John Wanamaker 
 RT  "If U can solve your problem, then what is the need of worrying? If U cannot solve it, then what is the use of worryi ...
 RT  "In the end, we decide if we're remembered for what happened to us or for what we did with it." ~Randy K. Milholland  ...
 RT  "The best way out is always through." ~Robert Frost 
 RT  "Take your life in your own hands and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame." ~Erica Jong 
 RT  "Knowledge is good." ~ Emil Faber 
