 Lucky Thirteen on Lucky Street! We've got 13 drink specials tonight!
 Our new Dessert menu is ready for your sweet tooth! Save room after Dinner for one of our savroy new desserts.... 
 Friday Fish Fry: it's a beautiful summer day in Grafton! Come out for a fish fry and sit out on the sunny patio overlooking the river!
 Drink while you think...It's Trivia Night! Come in for the Quizmaster trivia night at the Milwaukee Ale House/Grafton.
 Happy Hour specials starting in 30 minutes. I don't condone leaving work early today but...it IS almost the weekend!
 Catch up with the Ale House in the news 
 Mmmmm...Beer + Cheese = Today's Soup! Now that is a Wisconsin Soup! Start with the soup and indulge in today's special - a BLT Pizza.
 Dine Out: Fight AIDS. The Milwaukee Ale House/Grafton is participating in Dining Out for Life. Stop in today & 20%... 
 Meeting friends for lunch, dinner or drinks? Make sure to Check In on Facebook!
 Dine Out: Fight AIDS. The Milwaukee Ale House/Grafton is participating in Dining Out for Life. Stop in on July... 
 $1.50 Pabst and Highlife Cans tonight, throwback style!
 "We will return, as the beer is very good, staff is great and atmosphere is awesome" Jennifer C., a yelp... 
 80 degrees and sunny! Feels like vacation weather...try the Ale House Hawaiian Pizza (pepperoni, goat cheese,... 
  Did you make it in for the specials? Hope to see you there soon!
 12 oz Craft Brews for $1.50 tonight - Beautiful Night for Beers on the River!
 Made dinner plans yet...How about an 8oz Hanger Steak with Roasted Red Potatoes in all topped with a Wild Mushroom... 
 Bert's Blowouts! $2 Bock Bottles today!
 THE LATEST!  
 Mmmmmm French Toast! There is nothing like buttery French Toast and maple syrup on a late Sunday morning.
 It's Saturday Night Live hosted by the Milwaukee Ale House Grafton! Tonight's guest...The Velveetatones (9:30p)
 BRUNCH!!! Saturdays and Sundays are perfect for a relaxing and delicious brunch overlooking the river.
 13 drink specials tonight!
 From the Kitchen: Co-Owner Mike Stoner tells us what he loves about the restaurant biz. "It's a very time... 
 Happy Friday! Finally some cool down rain. Stop in for a Friday Fish Fry and top it off with a cool Stout Beer Float.
 RT  Quiz night gets underway shortly at  $2.50 pints all night!!
 Last weekend, Grafton High School hosted their 25th Reunion Party here at the Ale House. They partied in our... 
 Not your everyday BLT! Today's special is a BLT PIZZA: Our Pizza Crust with Bacon & Tomato in a Garlic Olive Oil... 
 Milwaukee Brewing Company Mug Club - $2.50 Craft Brews All Day. Best way to end this HOT day is with a COLD local brew.
 Get in the habit of Checking In on Facebook! Let your friends know where you like to hang out!
 Velveetatones are playing at the Milwaukee Ale House/Grafton at 9:30pm on Saturday. Mark your calendars to stop... 
 PBR me ASAP! Pabst and Highlife Cans for $1.50!
 Chef Duffy O'Neil loves basil this time of year! "There is always room for fresh basil in the daily specials."... 
 Chef Duffy O'Neil loves basil this time of year! "There is always room for fresh basil in the daily specials."... 
 "Had a 25+ party there, over Thanksgiving weekend, with 1 waitress and she rocked it! I believe her name was... 
 We've got air conditioning! It's a cool 72 degrees at the Ale House. Take a break and cool off with a piece of ice cold Mud Pie!
 Support the Craft for only $1.50 - 12 oz Craft Brews for $1.50
 Looking for a low priced IPA? Bert's Blowing Out $2 Bottle of Milwaukee Brewing Company's IPA 
 Looking for a low priced IPA? Bert's Blowing Out $2 Bottle of Milwaukee Brewing Company's IPA 
 Lunch Time! Start with a cup of Corn Bisque. Today's lunch special is a Buffalo Shrimp Sandwich topped with a Celery Relish.
 Latest edition of our newsletter is posted!  
 13 drink specials!!!
 13 Drink Specials Tonight!
 Our new Dessert menu is ready for your sweet tooth! Save room after Lunch for one of our savory new desserts!
 Friday is the day for a long lunch break. Take in the river views with a Beer Battered Fish Fry
 Check this out! Mark your calendars! 
 Last weekend Grafton High School's 25th Reunion was a hit! We have fabulous riverfront views & a great catering... 
 The Quizmaster is back for more. Join us for dinner, drinks and trivia!
 RT  Upstairs at  tonight is quiz nite. Starts at 7 with $2.50 pints!!
 Happy Hour Specials starting at 4pm tonight
 There are many benefits that come with the union between Milwaukee Ale House/Grafton and North Star American... 
 An old time favorite done Ale House Style: today's lunch special is a Swiss and Cheddar Patty Melt. Topped with Fried Onions and Sour Cream!
 Milwaukee Brewing Company Mug Club - $2.50 Craft Brews All Night!
 Meeting up with friends for dinner and drinks? Don't forget to CHECK IN to Milwaukee Ale House/Grafton on Facebook tonight
 From The Kitchen: Chef Duffy O'Neil weighs in on summer inspiration: "I always forget how fresh & flavorful basil... 
 Kingfish is playing at the Milwaukee Ale House/Grafton at 9:30pm on Saturday. Mark your calendars to stop in for... 
 PBR me ASAP! $1.50 Pabst and Highlife Cans tonight
 RT  Quiz recap from  last week - 
 "Great food, stellar atmosphere and modest pricing." - Chase (a yelp reviewer). Enjoying your Ale House... 
 Support the Craft for only $1.50 - 12 oz Craft Brews for $1.50
 An 8oz Bacon-Wrapped Sirloin Steak & Tiger Shrimp served with a Lemon-Butter Sauce with Whipped Mashed Potatoes &... 
 Looking for a low priced Bock? Bert's Blowing Out $2 Bottle of Milwaukee Brewing Company's Bock
 Check out our newest edition of the Milwaukee Ale House/Grafton Newsletter   
 13 on 13...13 drinks specials tonight! Don't miss the live band - Charles Walker Blues Band at 9:30p
 Live tonight - Charles Walker Blues Band at 9:30p
 13 Drink Specials Tonight!
 Friday Fish Fry - Perch and Cod Sandwiches all day!
 RT   night at the  about to start!
 Happy Hour Specials starting now! Come in for drinks & a FRESH QUIZ LEAGUE with the Quizmaster tonight starting at 7pm!
 Start your dinner out tonight with a summer perfect vegetable...the Tomato! Tonight's soup is a Tomato-Basil Bisque.
 Mug Club! $2.50 Craft Brews All Day!
 $1.50 Pabst and Highlife Cans - Feels like Summer in Milwaukee!
 Today for lunch, it's a bacon lovers special...Bacon Wrapped Meatloaf Sandwich
 $2 IPA, ALL DAY!
  Thank you so much! See you soon!
 Happy Fourth! Bacon Wrapped Meatloaf is our special for dinner tonight; served with Mashed Potatoes, Asparagus and a Mushroom Cream Sauce.
  Hope you enjoyed your visit! Beautiful day!
 SIN night! 13 on 13 starting at 9 tonight!
 A classic yet modern Bacon Wrapped Meatloaf is our special for dinner tonight; served with Mashed Potatoes,... 
 Today's Lunch special: Cowboy Burger! Cheddar cheese, bacon, BBQ sauce, avocado with an onion ring on top
 Fish Fry Friday Special All Day! Cod & Perch deliciously battered & fried, enjoy!
 RT  $2.50 pints all night at the  Quiz league finale upstairs from 7pm onwards!
 Tonight's special is a Blackened Chicken Pasta complete with Summer Squash & Tomato
 RT  League finale, meaning 5 prizes to give away during trivia at the Milwaukee Ale House on Lucky Street at 7pm. $2.50...
 Happy hour starts in 40 minutes...4pm to Close!
 Dinner tonight...Blackened Chicken tossed in an Alfredo Penne Pasta, complete with Zucchini! Perfect night for an al fresco meal
 Support the craft...Mug Club! $2.50 Craft Brews All Day!
 BBQ Salmon Salad today; filled with crisp romaine lettuce, avocado, goat cheese and dressed with citrus... 
 RT   Did u know that  followers receive one free domestic beer anytime they visit?! Just...
 Remember the old commercial, "PBR me ASAP!"? Tonight's drink special is throwback style with $1.50 Pabst and High Life Cans
 Decadent and Flavorful treat for tonight is a Blue Cheese Cream-Sauced Fettuccine Steak Pasta...enjoy
  try  if you're in the area! Beautiful river view seating & fresh menu! Have a great day.
 Lunch special for today...Pot Roast Sandwich: cheddar cheese, crispy onion strings - all on a brioche bun!
 Monday night beer special in Grafton...12oz Craft Brews for only $1.50!
 Treat yourself to the Grafton Ale House Surf & Turf Special: 4oz Pub Steak & Tiger Shrimp with Blue Cheese Mashed Potatoes & fresh Asparagus
 Bert's Blowout - $2 MBC Bock Bottles! Say that three times fast...
 Today's lunch special is the Tuna Melt - served open faced on an English muffin with provolone and tomato!
 RT  $2.50 pints all night long at the  Quiz nite is upstairs from 7pm onwards!
 Attention hop heads! We're blowing out bottles of IPA for $2 today!
 My mouth is currently watering for our new Waldorf Salad. What are you currently craving?  
 Bert is Blowing out $2 bottles of Bock today, perfect for this spring weather!
 It's official! Our menu has changed! Check out all the goodness  
 Yellow, Fizzy, and Tasteless: Further Analysis of the Brewing War | Twitter Beerclub 
 The Delta Jets will be playing on our stage this Saturday at 9:30! 
 Bert is blowing out $2 of Baltic Porter today, I can't think of a better way to cool down...
 Our sister restaurant needs your help! Find out what's going on here:  
 The weekend is approaching, come in for a fish fry tonight and the Bluetones tomorrow!
 RT  $2.50 pints upstairs at the Milwaukee Ale House on Lucky Street. Games begin at 7pm
 Are you a  fan? See what might happen in   
 Beautiful weather to eat out on the deck!
 We have $2.50 craft brews for all of our mug club members today!
 TGI Fish Fry Friday...
  it's hard to be sorry about something so awesome! Cheers!
 RT  Quiz night rolls on upstairs at the Milwaukee Ale House on Lucky Street at 7pm. $2.50 pints all night!
 Staying in town this Memorial Day weekend? We have Back Alley Band playing for us Saturday at 9:30, with our 13 on 13 drink special!
 I love Block Parties!!
 1st Annual Lucky Street Music Festival goin on today Noon to 10pm
 RT  Many thanks to Milwaukee Ale House-Grafton for their generous donation to the silent auction and raffle. New to... ht ...
 Fish fries and New England clam chowder, can you think of any other way to start the weekend?
 Bert is blowing out $2 bottles of Baltic Porter today! Come in and try it out!
 Test your knowledge with the Quiz League Finale tonight with  at 7:00
 The Steelheads perform a blend of blues & classic hits at 9:30pm.  Grab a pint & celebrate Milw Beer Week with us!
 RT  No quiz tonight at the  in Grafton. Returns next week! Stop in tonight for 
 Watch for owner Jim McCabe on  at 8:15 this morning!
 Our partnership with North Star Bistro adds new & exciting "Foodie"  opportunities!  Watch for menu changes...
 No change to coupons, Groupons, gift cards etc! b/c of change.
 Changes for us here in Grafton. 
 BIG news!  North Star Bistro takes ownership of Grafton Ale House & the kitchen at the Milw Ale House. Read about it here 
 Jack Daniels BBQ beef melt w/ smokey Gouda cheese apple wood bacon , crisp onion shreds & jalapeño on thick sour dough bread get some !
 Happy Easter!  We are closed today.
 Dance the night away with Dirty Boogie starting at 9:30 tonight.
 Good Friday is here get some almond crusted tilapia and your favorite ale to go with it cheers
 Did I hear $2.50 pints?
 Bert is blowing out $2 bottles of Baltic Porter! Cheers!
 Chicken bruschetta sandwich w/ melted smoked Gouda cheese and fresh tomato and basil on crisp ciabatta bread 
 We got an awesome hearty Reuben soup with those great crispy rye croutons and Swiss cheese 
 Back Alley Band plays high energy Blues that spans decades tonight at 9:30pm.
 Back Alley Band plays high energy Blues that spans decades tonight at 9:30pm.  Godzilla now on tap!
 feeling the love for some jumbo shrimp pasta and a fish fry tonight stop by and get some say no to doing dishes tonight cheers !
  yep! We have a cod and a walleye fish fry, then we'll have another seafood special!
 Come in for a lunch fish fry! Or maybe some clam chowder with a BLT?
 RT  Stop by the  at 7pm for $2.50 pints during quiz night!
 Cheers!  RT   has their "Godzilla" beer at 9.8% ... It's awesome
 RT  Thanks to the  for brewing my Weizenbock last Saturday! Had a great time! Can hardly wait until it's ready to..
 Bert is blowing out bottles of hoptoberfest for $2 today. Stop by to get your fill!
 WAMI award winner Alex Wilson Band 9:30pm. Be here!
 Cajun smoked turkey sandwich on 7 grain bread for lunch today so tasty!
 Cajun smoked turkey sandwich on 7 grain bread for lunch today so tasty .
 Sesame crusted tuna steak w/ wasabi aioli and jasmine flavored rice so ready for Friday night cheers!
 RT  $2.50 pints all night long at the  Quiz starts upstairs at 7pm!
 Go Brewers!   
 Russian melt w/ corned beef & roast beef w/ cheddar & provolone cheese w/ creamy slaw on rye get some !
 ball park Bock knackwurst & potato soup its a home run !
 Tyler Traband live in Grafton at 9:30pm!  Don't miss it.
 Rainbow trout with caramelized onions & roasted red peppers the fresh fish is looking amazing tonight cheers!
 RT  $2.50 imperial pints for all ye quizzers at the Milwaukee Ale House on Lucky Street (Grafton) at 7pm!
 Tuna melt with cheddar on rye for out lunch special today!
 Rotisserie chicken dinner special tonight, maybe with a pullchain?
  Unfortunately, we don't, but they still have it every Tuesday  it starts at 8 and is $6
 Attention Mug Clubbers, are you coming in today for $2.50 craft brews! Hope so!
 Feta burger for lunch today! Now what to get on the side?
 Starting at 7, $1.50 Pabst and Highlife cans, come and get 'em!
 Today we have a Steak Fajita Wrap for our lunch special with Chicken Bean and Cilantro soup!
 Thank you to all that purchased a Groupon.  We sold 6725!  We are looking forward to seeing & serving each and... 
 Thanks all who purchased a Groupon. We sold 6725!  We look 4ward to seeing each & every1 of u!  Check out our menu here 
 Grilled portabella  mushroom sandwich with baby bok choy , smoked gouda cheese , sirachi mayo on seven grain bread 
 Last chance to get your Groupon $15 for $30 at the Ale Houses. Do it here  . Available till midnight.
 Last few hours to get in on this deal! 
 October Soul w their infusion of rock, country, blues & original styles LIVE at 9:30pm.
 RT  Milwaukee is fastest craft market share growth in US! Woohoo 
 RT  TONIGHT!  October Soul is performing at the Milwaukee Ale House Grafton!  Let's PACK this place and have ourselves a  ...
 You can still purchase a Groupon for the Ale House all weekend!  $15 for $30.  Check it out 
 Did you purchase your Ale House Groupon yet? 
 Did you purchase your Groupon yet?   $15 for $30!
 Classic rock with 33 RPM Band at 9:30pm!
 RT    fans in the Grafton area - come out to wacth the game at the  tonight!
 RT   + Groupon = 
 RT  Live Classic Rock in Grafton tonight!  plays at  
 
 Check out our Groupon!  $15 for $30 at the Ale Houses! 
 RT  Pub quiz continues upstairs at the Milwaukee Ale House on Lucky Street (Grafton) at 7pm sharp! $2.50 pints for all :)
 Plz RT  will match $1 per tweet (up to $1000!) to  when you mention  
 Are you a Mug Clubber? $2.50 craft brews all day! Can't beat that!
 RT  DINING: It's Bock Fest this week at  (233 N Water St). Sample 4 different Bocks, enjoy German food specials and more!
 $2 bottles of IPA tonight for Bert's Bottle Blowouts. Make sure you come down to try it out!
 German food specials this week for lunch and dinner! Try the pretzel app, sausage plate or the knockwurst sammy... 
 Welcome Spring with Bock Fest all this week at the Ale House. Featuring German Food, Milwaukee Brewing Co Bock &... 
 Bock Fest at   &  featuring German Food  bock & dopple bock + guest bocks! Check it out all week.
 9:30pm The Steelheads bring their blend of blues & classic hits to Grafton!
 RT   in the Grafton area, join us at  for  tonight!
 Celebrate St Patty's w Ogham a high-energy Irish dance music duo starting at 9:30 tonight!
  yup we got the good stuff today! 
 Great food & drink specials with games on the big screen! Happy St Patrick's Day...drink local!
 RT  There's a special St. Pat's themed quiz at the Ale House (Grafton) tonight. Here are some hints: counties of... http ...
 New partnership! We all welcome Jim Hughes to the family! 
 Come out & catch a traditional, high-energy, electric blues show by Perry Weber & the DeVilles  9:30pm
 Congress unites over BEER bill 
 Pan fried white fish,  walleye and cod great start to the weekend 
 RT  Quiz night hits the  at 7pm. New league begins with $2.50 pints all night!
 RT  New trivia league kicks off at the Milwaukee Ale House on Lucky Street (Grafton) at 7pm. $2.50 18-oz pints all night!
 Come and join us for some Marquette watching fun at 8pm. Grafton ale house was picked as one of the chosen... 
  one of the chosen game-watching sites by Marquette University. Tonight's game is at 8pm!
 Come get our Jambalaya and famous Gumbo today all day!
  come get our Jambalaya and famous gumbo today all day
 Hello! 
 RT  Bert's blowing out bottles of IPA for $2 at  and  Stop by to try it out!
 RT  7pm. Quiz league finale  with $2.50 pints! Five tabs to give away!!!
 Stout BBQ beef melt w/ all the ingredients to love Bacon, cheese , onion shreds ,sour dough get some!
 Stout BBQ beef melt w/ all the ingredients to love Bacon,  cheese , onion shreds ,sour dough get some!
 WAMI award winner ALEX WILSON BAND 9:30pm. Don't miss it!
 Tonight   7pm …. $1.50 pbr & High Life cans
 14th Annual MidWinter Brewfest photos are up. Tag yourself!  
 Thank you to the patrons, brewers, & volunteers  14th Annual MidWinter Brewfest. Great time had by all! Kudos to all for hanging in...
  right now heavens judgment
  we got our fish fry tonight and a spanking new recipe for jalapeno & goat cheese beer battered poppers get some !!
 Chicken chimichangas tonight get some! Don't forget happy hour 4 to the party stops
 RT  Good news ... 	Women who consume one beer each day have improved mental health.  Cheers!!
 Whether you're with your sweetheart or a group of friends, The Ale House is a great place to share your love.... 
 Congrats to the Packers!  Way to go boys!
 Pop open a MBC brew and cheer on the Pack.  
 Pop open a MBC brew and cheer on the Pack.  
 Tyler Traband tonight at 9:30PM!!  Get that pre-game on and lets get pumped for our boys in Dallas!  GO PACK!  Happy Super Bowl weekend!!!
 RT  It's easier than ever to find party information on ale-house.com, host your next party  or 
 Extended Happy Hour 4-10pm. $2.50 18oz Imperial Pints as well as Bert's Blowouts featuring $2 IPA bottles!!  Happy... 
  asian chicken sandwich w/ pineapple , cucumber , spring mix,  chile mayo & smoked gouda cheese on 7 grain bread get some.
 Stop in for Bert's Blowouts and get $2 IPAs tonight. Also, enjoy extended Happy Hour until 10PM!!
 Maple Road is playing live after the Packers tonight!
  showing the love for some beer battered lake perch tonight see you here 
 RT   (well, technically Grafton's) only quiz night is  at 7pm. $2.50 imperial pints people!
 SPEW for Devils Advocate Wed Jan 19th 6pm!
 SPEW for Devils Advocate  on wed jan 19th !! 6pm
 SPEW for Devils Advocate  on wed jan 19th !!
 Perry Weber and the DeVilles are proud to announce that their latest CD “The Riot Act” made it to  on the... 
 Registration is OPEN! 
 RT  Tonight. 7pm. Quiz Night  $2.50 pints. $45/1st place. $20/2nd place. $10/Best Team Name. Fun all round!
 RT  Only only quiz tonight is at the Milwaukee Ale House on Lucky Street (Grafton) at 7pm. $2.50 pints. QM Ryan Wickens  ...
 Congrats to the Packers on making it to the playoffs.  We look forward to cheering them on to the Super Bowl! ~
 Come on down and join us as we cheer on the Badgers!  Go Bucky! ~
  will be ringing in the New Year with us!  Starting at 9:30pm
  will be ringing in the New Year with us!  Starting at 9:30pm~kw
 New Years Eve: Rock with Old Mil at 9.30pm Second Floor Party!   13 on 13 drink specials all night. ~
 New Year's is nigh!  Stop by for an evening with Old Mil and toast off the New Year with one of our delicious... 
 Check out an interview with one of our brewers, Nick VanCourt on  
 RT  Happy Holidays from  and   Last night's  charity raised over $14,000.  Glad we could  ...
 We're open for lunch today 11-3pm. Beer makes a delicious present :) Every $100 in gift cards gets you $20 FREE! ~
 RT  $2.50 pints during quiz  at 7pm. Christmas-inspired film quotes bonus round, stop in and play!
  Rib eye steak wrap w/ Dijon horse radish mayo cheddar cheese lettuce tomato red onion get some!
 Piano Brew playin 
 Piano Brew dueling pianos tonight at 9:30pm~kw
  tonight Mahi Mahi Grilled to perfection w/ roasted red pepper cream sauce jasmine flavored rice & fresh house veggies .
 RT  $2.50 pints during quiz league finale  tonight. 8pm start
 Check out the latest Vlog on our YouTube channel about our Devil's Advocate. Music provied by local act Fable &... 
 Check out the latest Vlog on our YouTube channel about our Devil's Advocate. Music provied by local act Fable &... 
 Ryan Ogburn Bluegrass Quintet playing LIVE tonight at 9:30pm
 Ryan Ogburn Bluegrass Quintet playing LIVE tonight at 9:30pm~kw
 Come to "13th Annual Mid-Winter Brewfest!!" Sunday, February 20, 2011 from 1:00 pm to 5:00 pm. It’s that time of... 
  Dijon dill crusted salmon fillet  w/ lemon wine butter wild rice pilaf & green beans get some !
 Quiz night tonight with Milwaukee Quizmaster Trivia at 7pm. $2.50 pints, prizes for 1st, 2nd & best name! ~kw
 Mid Winter Brew Fest on Feb. 20 at Milwaukee Ale House . $40 Tickets on sale now at the host stand at the Milw Ale... 
 MidWinter Brew Fest  Feb 20. Tickets on SALE NOW $40 at Milw Ale House 414-276-2337. Get yours before we're sold out!
 RT  Check out the  at 7pm tonight for trivial fun! $2.50 pints all night long!
 Oh, beer and football...  Stop in for both!
 The Mission River Band live tonight at 9:30pm
 Mission River Band plays tonight  9:30PM!!  Swing in and rock out to some classics with us.  Craft beer and live... 
 HOMEBREWERS: It's time to start brewing for the Midwinter Homebrew Competition! Mid-winter Brew Fest is Feb. 20 at... 
 HOMEBREWERS: It's time to start brewing your batch now for the  Homebrew Competition.  The Mid-Winter... 
 HOMEBREWERS: Start brewing for the Mid-Winter Brew Fest Homebrew Compeition today! Coming  Feb. 20.  
  Thursday night hints of the Milwaukee Ale House on Lucky Street: The Trashmen, CFL teams, Bicycyle Race (Queen song).
 RT  $2.50 pints for all non-Russians at the  during trivia at 7pm. Let's drown our sorrows together ( ...
 Hey Mub Members..Next SPEW! ..Wednesday Dec. 15th 6pm ..Introducing "Increase Amber Lager" See you all there! Cheers!
 What are you up to, this Hump Day?  I heard $2.50 Imperial Pints from 4-7PM are the in happening.  Hey!  Just so... 
 RT  We're looking for hot music from local bands to feature in our Vlogs. Check out our videos at  . DM if ...
 Check us out!  We're crusin' at the Grafton Christmas Parade 
 Meeting of the minds over at Milwaukee Ale House .  Any questions, comments, or concerns be sure to leave a... 
 Coming up Sat Dec 4!   book signing at Milwaukee  AleHouse 5-8pm
 So, what are ya doing for the games?  Might I recommend a Milwaukee Brewing Co beer to go with your football... 
 Back Alley playing live tonight at 9:30pm
 Happy Thanksgiving to all of our loyal customers. We are thankful for you. Gobble, Gobble!
 THIS JUST IN!! the phrase "Ale's What Cures Ya'" to a favorite Ale House Bartenders and... 
 THIS JUST IN!! the phrase "Ale's What Cures Ya'" to a favorite Ale House Bartenders and receive a complimentary...
 Give the Gift of Beer! Make your house into the Ale House on Thanksgiving Day! Six packs and... 
 Give the Gift of Beer! Make your house into the Ale House on Thanksgiving Day! Six packs and Growlers available! Your...
 Come on out to  for some pre-Thanksgiving fun! Live Music with the Bluetones at 9pm...Ale's What Cures Ya'
 Go Pack Go!
 Tonight at 9:30...Radio Radio, a New Wave cover band
 Cajun catfish awesome!! a must have forget 13 drink specials starting
   southern fried catfish  w/ remoulade sauce jalapeno cheddar mashed sweet potatoes with green beans 
 Quizmaster 7pm and 2.50 20 oz craft brews all night!...great combination!
 Rotisserie chicken  every Wednesday..Tasty!
  pizza burger w/ pepperoni , marinara , roasted red peppers , mozzarella cheese , fresh basil on toasted ciabatta bread  .
 Perry Weber & The DeVilles at 9:30pm
   Rainbow Trout grilled & topped w/ a herb garlic butter served w/wild rice pilaf and green bean  almandine
  Rib Quesadilla with avocado and soup o day is beer cheese. Its so yumm - alicious!
 Tis the season to book a party  Private or semi-private. Or make your house into the Ale House with our carryout beer...
 Chris Brandenburg and the Bluetones at 9:30 tonight!
 Now Introducing Grafton Ale House Mug Club Rewards Program!! Monthly Bonus Plans!  More visits. More rewards! Join the Mug Club Today!
 Surf & Turf..8oz fillet with 4 beer battered jumbo shrimp joined with mashed potatoes and green bean almondine...yummy!!
  tonight we have our cheesy chicken enchiladas  and our jumbo steak burrito get some !
  Italian Turkey club w/ smoked Gouda pesto apple wood Bacon & pepperoni get some!
 Tonight at 9pm Back Alley!
  shrimp carbonara  with linguine , smoked apple wood bacon and shallots  tossed with heavy cream and Parmesan cheese .
 RT  $2.50 pints as usual  at 7pm during trivia. QM Kevin B steps in for me!!!
  creamy pea & ham fall is hear I love it !!
  feta cheese burger w/ baby spinach , roasted red peppers , fried onions , and cucumber sauce on ciabatta bread get some !
 3rd Encore live tonight starting at 9:30pm
  tonight we have sweet pan fried lake perch , along with our beer battered walleye and codfry dinners .
 RT  $2.50 pints tonight during trivia  7pm start, get involved!
  tonight our home made lasagna huge slice w/ garlic bread & side salad  forget about it .
  BBQ chicken sandwich w/ smoked gouda cheese , apple wood bacon & crisp onion shreds get it while its hot
  Caribbean pork  the perfect blend of spices get a big bowl
  prime rib club sandwich thin sliced w/ provolone cheese , horse radish dijon sauce ,  apple wood bacon , get some !
 Charles Walker Blues Band tonight at 9:30pm
 RT  'thxs!'  good times at your place last night!  The place was packed for ROCK BERLIN & $10 rounds were...
  tonight at 9pm
  sesame crusted Tuna steak w/ wasabi  aioli  jasmin rice and saute vegetable blend so ready to eat this tonight .
 RT  $2.50 pints  tonight during quiz night. 7pm start!
 Be a fan of us on Facebook!  
  capicola Ham Burger smoked Gouda cheese baby spinach tomato,  Caesar dressing on toasted ciabatta get some
 The Cheap Shots playing here tonight at 9:30pm
 RT    because it's a happenin place that is busy busy for this little hub..'thanks!'
  sword fish w/ chili garlic  butter w/ mashed potatoes &  green beans saute w/ shallots & apple wood bacon get some !
 RT  $2.50 pints  tonight. Game begins at 7pm!
  we got chicken enchiladas tonight get some
 RT  German Berlin Rock Band   ..
  we got a prime rib quesadilla layered  w/ cheese in a crisp tortilla shell  beer cheese get some
 RT  Bottling Louie's Demise video new from Bliss! 
 Mug Clubbers: SPEW tomorrow at 6pm.  Abbey Normal! See you there.
  Chicken bruschetta sandwich  stout french onion w/ croutons & smoked gouda cheese get some
 Alex Wilson Blues Band tonight at 9:30pm
  Seafood Marinara w/ scallops , mussels and shrimp tossed with linguini gotta love pasta cheers !!
 We hope to see you at  Food Slam tonight. Or visit  at the  Eve concert  tonite!
  $2.50 pints during quiz at the Milw Ale House on Lucky Street (Grafton) tonight at 7pm. Hints coming right up...
  is on Youtube. Check out tour videos, vlogs and brewing tips! 
 RT  Come to "The Cheap Shots at  Saturday, October 9 from 9:00 pm to 12:00 am 
 Live Music from Piano Brew tonight at 9:30pm
 Last chance to vote for us on the A List.  Help us retain our title!  Thanks 
 $2.50 pints tonight on Lucky Street during quiz night with  Starts at 7pm!
  pan cooked lemon pepper chicken breast topped w/ smoked gouda,  apple wood bacon & fried onions  
   tilapia topped with brown butter  w/ wild rice pilaf & green bean almandine also our beer battered cod and walleye is...
  tonight our delicious chicken enchiladas Thursdays only get some
 RT  $2.50 pints all night long  tonight! Trivia begins at 7pm, Get involved!
 Craft Brewers Week in Milwaukee! 
  chili is back on the menu for the season and it is delicious get some
  chili cheese burger w/smoked gouda cheese, pico and sour cream  kielbasa & pea chowder get some
 Will Allen from growing Power huge event at state fair grounds we killed it with Lamb ragu  
  Dijon dill crusted salmon fillet with lemon wine butter wild rice pilaf and green bean almandine tgif.
 RT  $2.50 pints all night long  tonight! Quiz starts at later time of 8pm (this week only)
  prime rib & goat cheese melt w/ dijon mayo red onion & baby spinach on sour dough  Caribbean pork get some
  tonight spicy thai chili garlic shrimp & mussels with jasmine flavored rice and chilled cucumber salad  clam...
  steak pita with glorious feta cheese and cucumber sauce  creamy tomato and wild rice
 Aaron Williams and the Hoodoo tonight at 9:30pm.  Plus drink specials starting at 10pm!
  lobster ravioli with a delicious champagne cream sauce tonight also featuring classic fishfry
 RT  Thursday hints for Trivia on Lucky Street (Grafton): U.S. paper currency, countries at the 2010 FIFA World Cup!
  smoked Ham melt with Gouda cheese Dijon Mayo lettuce and tomato on rye   chicken & corn chowder
 Service Industry Night starting at 9pm...stop by after work for great deals.
 Backalley playing live tonight in Grafton! Starting at 9pm here on Lucky Street. 13 on 13th drink specials too.
 13 on 13th drink specials tonight starting at 10pm!
  fresh grilled rainbow trout with wild rice and green bean almondine get some along with our cod & walley
  hosting Trivia tonight starting at 7pm.  $2.50 pints all night & $1.50 PBR & High Life cans.
 $2.50 craft beers tonight!  C'mon down and enjoy one along the river.
 RT  Mug club party at  ! 'Wooohooo!'
 Enjoy $1.50 PBR & High Life cans till close!
 Hi their twitterverse anyone looking for a fun job working in the kitchen stop by and fill out an app holla back
  deluxe BLT w/ smoked gouda pesto provolone cheese apple wood Bacon so tasty get some be about it.
 RT  Photos from the  are up! Tag yourself! 
  Glad Evan was such a gentleman!  We hope to see you again soon Miss Twirly Girl!
  gotta love Evan
  will do!
  we got the tastiest water in town get some
  I wonder what time they start playing and if I can get an autograph oh the excitement is too much!
 Tonight at 9:30, Alex Wilson Band. Come rock out!
  yes Alex Wilson band at 9:30pm
  southern fried catfish fillet w/ jalapeño cheddar mashed sweet potatoes &green beans try our beer battered walleye and cod...
  zesty cheesy chicken enchiladas tonight big favorite come and get some
 RT  $2.50 pints all night  Quiz begins at 7pm
 RT  Vote for us on the A-List. We were just added & need help catching up! 
 Right now in Grafton $1.50 PBR & High Life cans till close!
  Today we are brewing our 200th brew, Milk Stout, for our timed release series! 'Cheers to that!'
 It's a beautiful day to enjoy a pint along the Milwaukee River. Come down for lunch or dinner. $1.50 craft 12oz start at 8pm.
  playing fresh music, you drinking live beer! Tonight at 9:30pm.
 RT  Grafton Ale House tonight- just in the nick of time! Get your groove on with a non-blues band.
 Friday evening...our 13 on 13th drink specials are going on now!
 Celebrate International Beer Day with $2.50 20 oz Craft Beer Pints starting at 4pm today! Cheers!
 RT  New!  Bottling pictures   Become a fan on facebook!
 Today is International Beer day. Raise a pint & celebrate in style! Get down to the Milwaukee River and enjoy some craft beers!
 RT  RT  Yes!  sold at  was a  Louie's Demise! "Kick Ass!"
  We do take reservations! Give us a call at 262-375-2337!
 Swing Dancing tonight starting at 8pm.  Get lessons for only $6. Open Dancing to follow!  Plus it 's Mug Club Day w. $2.50 craft brews.
 Mug Club Day…. $2.50 Craft Brews ALL DAY.  Rock it here on Lucky St!
 $1.50 PBR and High Life cans 7pm-close tonight!
 RT  Check out our Brewmaster (& Chef) Bert! And a recipe with the  ale we brew! 
  Headed to  in Grafton tonight with the girls! Yum.'Sounds good, have fun  with ur girls!'
 $1.50 12oz Craft Brews 8pm til close tonight! Come and relax on our patio on the Milw River.
 RT  Photos posted from  . Become a fan on facebook & check 'em out & tag yourself.  
 RT  How about lunch or dinner  before or after ARTS  ? 
 C'mon out and see  tonight at 9:30pm.
 13 on 13th  Drink Specials starting at 10pm tonight!
  jumbo shrimp & Mussel pesto pasta also featuring our beer battered cod and walleye tonight 
 Happy Hour starts at 4, $2.50 20 oz Craft Beer Pints.  Trivia starts at 7pm.
 RT  Have you registered yet? How about lunch  then stop by? 
