      (via 
 Do it!        (via 
         (via 
 More Cool Tweeps to Follow!         (via 
 Follow My Favs!         (via 
 You know it!  Wow Bao is getting ready for  you? 
    Thank you for the RT! <2
 Amy Winehouse...Alcohol Withdrawal? 
  <-- FREE Admission Coupon to VIP's Gentlemen's Club!
  Happy Thursday to ya!
 Woot! Congrats!!  We made the list of Chicago's Must-Try Dishes!  
 RT  Thursday Specials: Vienna Polish, Fries & Drink $5; 6 pc Wings & Fries $5; Two Large 1-Topping Pizzas $30... http:/ ...
 RT  Just as a reminder, we will be closed until 7pm today for a private party.  Hope to see you guys later!
 Uh oh...look out!   just took my twitter off private.
 Sippin on my  Iced Venti Decaf Soy Latte w/1 Sugar in the Raw packet. Good stuff.
 RT  If you're not coming to Manbque because it's raining, you probably don't belong at Manbque
 RT  Cocktail features artist Shanna Lemaire! - Hosted Wine & Cheese Reception Friday July 29 6-8p 
 Join the VIP Text Club! Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers from VIP's Gentlemen's Club.
  Happy Humpin Day by the way! <3
  Agreed. Sometimes I don't even see the point of watching the non live show days.
  everyone. huge house meeting. started with kalia and brendon. then kalia and jeff and then finall… (cont) 
  I agree. BB wouldn't be worth watchin if it weren't for the live feeds!
 Join our VIP Text Club! Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers from VIP's Gentlemen's Club!
  I was watching the live feeds this afternoon....omg HUGE fight. Hopefully they put it all on tomorrow nights show.
 RT  $8 bourbon flights every Wednesday after 4pm featuring our exclusive Eagle Rare and Buffalo Trace s ...
 RT  Tequila Avion dinner party? Yeah? We've got you covered at Salud Tequila Lounge. Still seats available for...  ...
 Join us tonight for Fantasy Night...where every Wednesday is Halloween!  <-- FREE Admission Coupon.
  <-- FREE Admission Coupon to VIP's Gentlemen's Club.
 RT  It's that time of week again! ENJOY 
 RT  $2 taco tuesday! choice of seasoned ground beef , griddled chicken or black bean - each with sour cream, lettuce & p ...
 RT  After two days of being closed due to water damage we are OPEN!! Join us tonight!
  Happy Tuesday back at ya! <3
 RT  Rooftops and patios are now open an hour later!
 RT  Come in tonight for a one of our Hand Crafted Cocktails and Crab Cakes!
 RT  Half off the menu starts now!
 Text ROXY to 25827 for FREE Admission tonight to VIP's Gentlemen's Club!
 Woot!  Half off the ENTIRE menu from 4-8 pm! 
 Yep, yep...that's what I was thinkin.  It's definitely "Something" O'clock! RT  Is it Wine O'Clock yet?
  I like your thinkin!
 Is it Wine O'Clock yet?
 RT  Cool off today at Glenview with our new Grilled Vegetable Gazpacho special! Served chilled, this refreshing soup... ht ...
 RT  Please RT Subscribe For Healthy & Delicious Recipe Ideas! 
 Bummed. 
 RT  You deserve a delicious meal after working so hard this week! Treat yourself to our Shrimp Po' Boy for just $7! htt ...
 I love me some Karaoke!  Karaoke Tonight! It's going to get crazy up in here. Come and sing you… (cont) 
 Want FREE Admission this weekend to VIP's Gentlemen's Club? Just Text ROXY to 25827
         (via 
 Not gonna ask twice!         (via 
 Do it or the puppy gets it!          (via 
 Some of my favorite Tweeps!         (via 
  <-- FREE Admission Coupon to VIP's Gentlemen's Club!
 RT  Thurs Specials: Vienna Polish, Fries & Drink $5; 6pc Wings & Fries $5; Two Large (18") 1-Topping Thin Crust Pizzas  ...
 Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers from VIP's Gentlemen's Club.
 RT  If Kim Kardashian is allowed to sue Old Navy b/c a model looks like her, then Khloe Kardashian should expect a lawsuit fr ...
 That's what I'm talkin about.   when i follow you, that means you follow me too..there is no alternative
 Sounds like perfection.  The perfect summer appetizer, Grilled Baby Artichokes…  served with ch… (cont) 
 RT  Ever since Casey got out of jail, everyone's asking "where is she"...Too bad no one ever asked where Caylee was
 Is it just me or does anyone else ever have a problem reading the text websites ask you to type in to prove yo… (cont) 
 I used to eat those all the time! Buttered Popcorn Jelly Bellys!  I heart popcorn flavored jelly beans   
 Woot! Another BB Lover!      --  we are breaking  in… (cont) 
  I think she's into him...I don't think he's really that into her. He likes Cassie. He was actuall… (cont) 
  My eyelids were sweating on the way in this afternoon. HOT!
 Nice one! I love that you used Nutella.  Proof that you don’t need a recipe to make Granola 
 Join our VIP Text Club. Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers!
 Aww. :(  Feel bad for the pug after like one block he's dying. Sun's killing the little guy
 RT  $16 pitcher of Berghoff beer and our Berghoff chili and chips. Great for a groups of 4. Every Thursday after 4pm  ...
   Unfortunately Cassie is going. I wish it would have came out that Shelly lied about her vote las… (cont) 
 Nothing like getting off the bus and thinking you're standing in front of the hot exhaust and then reality hit… (cont) 
   Thank you for the RTs!! <3
 RT  **RSVP ONLY EVENT** this SAT.  THE SHRINE!!!! DRESS SEXY!! MUST RSVP 4 ENTRY RSVP HERE |-->  <--| ...
  winning HOH tonight I mean.
  I think Lewon might have a good chance at winning.
  I think tonight a newb will get HOH. It's majority rules questions tonight...like...which HG i… (cont) 
 Ugh, so hot!!  96 degrees in Chicago!
 RT  Our Salads are so big, bring a friend with you to share!! Try our Telegraph Salad Mixed greens, chopped beets,... http:/ ...
 RT  Please RT Cheeseburger Lettuce Wraps: 
 RT  It's easy to enter our Lollapalooza ticket giveaway! Just share a photo in front of one of our locations on our... htt ...
 RT  Weber Grill Restaurant invites you to a
  I cannot stand Brenchel!
 Make it a VIP Night!  <-- FREE Admission Coupon.
 It's Fantasy Night at VIP's where every Wednesday is Halloween! 
 RT   so sorry for your loss. RIP Fred Koehler, here's to you. Cheers!
 RT  It's lunchtime  Be there and BE SQUARE!  that is! Check-in with us & receive a free guacamole!  ...
 RT  Doors open at 4:30pm and we have 1/2 off bottles of Wine! Why wait for Wine Wednesdays! 
  I don't wanna! These are the days I wish  delivered.
 Bummed that all Borders stores are closing. 
 RT  Please RT Sweet Spiced Roasted Chick Peas. A great substitute for Honey Roasted Peanuts! 
 RT  Tues Deals: 2 Dogs, Fries & Drink $5; Large 1-Topping Pan Pizza $15; Free 6pc Wings w/ A $25 Order. (312)243-3735 M ...
 RT  We were always taught to always give 100%. So forgive us when we say tonight is 50% off bottles of Wine. . ...
 I feel water logged. Just chugged a huge amount of water. Hydration....does a body good. Still feel bloated though...
 RT  Spend your lunch break with us and one of our Original Stuffed Burgers and your choice of a side dish all for just  ...
 RT  Make tonight a wine and cheese night with our Artisan Cheese Platter and a bottle of our Santa Margherita Pinot Grigio.
 RT  Announcing our  tix giveway rules today 3pm! Fan us for details  6 lucky winners this year!
 RT  Enjoy 50% OFF DINNER! Buy 1 Dinner Entree and 2 drinks at Regular Price,  Get 2nd Dinner 50% off!... 
 RT  TICKETS ARE GOING FAST! Get your tickets now for the biggest Illini Bash of the summer!  (cont) 
 Woot for Taco Tuesday!  Tues: $2 tacos - $12 el jimador carafes - $6.50 Infusion Vodka Cocktai… (cont) 
 Stop on in to Chicago's only Full Liquor Topless Cabaret Tonight! 
 Yay, Twitter is back up!
 RT  Please RT For Healthy Recipe Ideas Visit My YouTube Channel! 
 RT  "Coming Soon" 
 Join our Text Club! Just Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers from VIP's Gentlemen's Club.
 RIP  RT  In the Land of  Obituary and Service Information for Fred Ko… (cont) 
 RT  Benchmark will be closed today... Check back for updates all week. Thanks!
 RT  Remember Tuesday night is industry night.  50% off of everything for all of our industry friends!
 RT  Please RT Sweet Spiced Roasted Chick Peas. A great substitute for Honey Roasted Peanuts. 
 Happy Monday back at ya!  Happy Monday! Hope everyone had a fantastic weekend!
 RT  $3 bar bites appetizers  every Monday after 4pm!
 You should be   Wow I am ranked  on all of  -- I am really shocked -- :)
 RT  $1 grilled cheese sandwiches  Cocktail! (add a bowl of soup $3) Get your fix every mmm…monday 4-10p
 RT  Specials/Events for Today: $5 macho borracho burgers or chicken sandwiches.  served with fries.  
  Happy Monday sweet cheeks!
 RT  Please RT Sweet Spiced Roasted Chick Peas: 
 RT  Headed to the Paul McCartney concerts at Wrigley Field? We've got a pre-game food/beverage package for $50!  ...
 RT  $3 PBR - $6.50 Infusion Cocktails - $1 Grilled Cheeses - the gardens – Outside Dining 4-10p | Recover w/ reX & Total ...
 RT  Hey Beach Buddies we are kicking off our  ticket giveway contest this week! Stay tuned   ...
 Make it a VIP Night!  <-- FREE Admission Coupon to VIP's Gentlemen's Club. Chicago's only Full Liquor Topless Cabaret.
 RT  Tell your friends to go like my page and get a free...uhhh...I don't have anything to give you. Just do it.  ...
 Nice one!  Please RT How To Make Healthy Spinach Dip: 
 RT  $5 Chicken Tender Buckets, $5 for 3 Mini Sandwiches. Hungry?
 RT  The Heard will now be playing the 3rd Thursday of every month in our back room! We're excited to have these Wild... htt ...
 Stop on in tonight! Text ROXY to 25827 for FREE Admission and Exclusive Offers from VIP's Gentlemen's Club! Open until 4am.
 Got a great crowd in here tonight!! Join us! Just Text ROXY to 25827 for FREE Admission! Open until 5am.
 RT  Visit our booth for great summer wines at the Taste of River North today and Sunday. 
 RT  Please RT Yummy Healthy Snack for Movie Night! Chipotle Hummus: 
 RT  We're Open 6pm-5am Every Sat! We're your Pitchfork Fest Hydration Station All Night! 1111 W. Chicago Ave. (312)243- ...
 RT  Sitting at home reading this tweet? Then get up and come to Joe's for  Show starts at 9, followed by an awesome 8 ...
 Join our Text Club! Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers from VIP's Gentlemen's Club!
 Join our Text Club! Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers from VIP's Gentlemen's Club!
 RT  Calling all Illini -- Don't miss out on the biggest U of I bash of the summer!! Get your tickets now!>>  ...
 RT  Happy Friday! Come in this weekend and try one of our new entrees, the Francese. Your choice of chicken, veal, or...  ...
 RT  RT Turkey Bacon Wrapped Asparagus Spears: 
 RT  It’s Friday, why not stop on over to Vertigo, we open early today!
 RT  Will you be boating this weekend? We can deliver to any boat harbor! Here is our menu ... http ...
 Woot! Happy Friday Everyone!!
           (via 
 You know what to do!        (via 
 Follow or the puppy gets it!          (via 
 Join us all weekend long! 
 RT  Look what we got smokin' today! Come in at 5 for some BBQ right off the smoker!  
 Bring it on in to VIP's tonight! 
 Woohoo!! Love Cheap Trick!!  my song of the day is -- Surrender by cheap trick    
 I think my TweetDeck is on crack.
 RT  The Dance Monkey Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via     ...
 RT  Here's my segment on ABC TV's  today!  Share all the FUN things to do! Cool?? RT
 Nice one!   RT How to make Cheez-Its!  One Ingredient!
  Thank you for the Shout Out!! <3
 Join our Text Club. Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers from VIP's Gentlemen's Club!
  Thank you for the RT! <3
  Thank you! Happy Humpin Day to you too! <3
 Stop into VIP's tonight for Fantasy Night with a FREE Admission Coupon! 
 RT  Did you know  our signature menu goes on until close?Join us in  and  and experience a late n ...
  Yay! Another BB Fan!
  Thank you for the RT!! <3
 RT  
 RT  Please RT Mini Breakfast Frittatas Vid: 
  I think I've  only seen one Bachelorette season.  I'm all about Big Brother though and the live feeds!
 RT  Who is up for Social Media night? Show us you like or follow us after 7pm tonight and receive 50% off food and drinks!
 Join our Text Club! Just Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers from VIP's Gentlemen's Club!
  oh dang that sounds good!!
  I need to figure out what I want for lunch. My first priority is running across the street and getting some Starbucks.
 RT  Who's ready to come out tomorrow and eat some good ole' BBQ off our Smoker??!?
  I'm good! I survived yet another Chicago storm. Woot. Go me! LOL How are you doing?
 RT  Tues: $2 tacos - $12 el jimador carafes - $6.50 Infusion Vodka Cocktails - $3 PBR 16oz cans | the gardens - outside  ...
 RT  Lox, Pastrami, and Bagels Oy My!! Join  for lunch today! It's a perfect day for the patio!
 Hope you guys are back up and running soon!  Hey Folks, We will be closed once again this evening due to the power outage.
 RT  Hugh Hefner is not dead. But his wives are, on the inside.
 RT  Book your table for the weekend or your next upcoming party now at Sopo! Contact us at party or call 77 ...
 RT  Lunch Special "Mini Trio" of r Chicken Salad, Egg Salad, & Tuna Salad on King's Hawaiian Mini Buns + choice of side $6.99
 RT  Tues Specials: 2 Vienna Dogs, Fries & Drink $5; Large 1-Topping Pan Pizza $15; Free 6pc Wings w/ $25 Order.(312)243 ...
 Join our Text Club! Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers from VIP's Gentlemen's Club!
 RT  Joe's Bar is currently seeking fun and energetic waitresses and door guys. Apply in person any day after 3pm!
 RT  GIVING AWAY 2TIX to Pitchfork MusicFest! Pick'n by Weds5p from all who Retweet this!  giving 2tix also!
 RT  Monday Specials: $1 Off All Salads; Meatball Sandwich $3; Appetizer Combo $7; Free Delivery! Call 312-243-3735 Menu ...
 Make it a VIP night! 
 RT  Smoked Fried Chicken, Crawfish Roll, Oysters w/ Eastern North Carolina Vinegar Sauce, Cornbread, Strawberry Shortca ...
  <-- FREE Admission Coupon to VIP's Gentlemen's Club!
 Follow or else!!         (via 
 More cool Tweeps!        (via 
 My Favorite Tweeps!         (via 
 RT  Make tonight Italian with our Lemon Scented Gnocchi for dinner and Cannoli for dessert!
 RT  We're almost at a 1,000 Followers!!  Thank Q to all of U!
 RT  $5  build ur own burger $3 basket of fries
  Jurors are saying there wasn't enough evidence....but on all counts? seriously? only thing tha… (cont) 
 RT  This just in, our patio can now stay open til midnight.  Come by and join us!
 RT  the gardens – outside dining & carry out 4-10p | $1 Cocktail Burgers - $3 PBR 16 oz cans - $12 Infusion Vodka Carafes
 RT  Thurs Specials: Vienna Polish, Fries & Drink $5; 6pc Wings & Fries $5; Two Large (18") 1-Topping Thin Crust Pizzas  ...
 I'm glad I had a protein bar before I jumped on here..these tweets would make me hungry otherwise.
 RT  
 RT  It's National Macaroni Day, so this calls for an order of our Cheesy, Mac and Cheese!! We deliver too!...  ...
 RT  Need more of me -- yahoo group members-- free to join ----  -- check it out ox
  Ugh, the verdict was just sickening! I was seriously in shock. Then today's sentencing...she gets out on Wednesday...wtf?
  <-- FREE Admission Coupon to VIP's Gentlemen's Club. Print it and come on in!
  Thank you for the RT!! <3
 Join us tonight for Fantasy Night where every Wednesday is Halloween!  <-- FREE Admission Coupon
 Make sure to join our Text Club! Just Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers from VIP's Gentlemen's Club!
 Not guilty.....whoaaaa!
 OMG...jury comin in
 RT  Wanna get away?  Ciroc is giving someone a trip to the Hamptons!  Sign up here -->... 
 Verdict for the Casey Anthony case will be read at 1:15pm CT.
 Join our Text Club! Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers from VIP's Gentlemen's Club!
 Oh, wow. That was quick. Can only mean one thing.  Casey Anthony verdict will be read at 1:15 cst.
  Mm, Potbelly's does sound good!
 Oooh, Sangrrrria!!  Specials/Events for Today: $5 sangria pitchersDJ Bobby Lovelock spins soul… (cont) 
 RT  Social Media pays off for you tonight! After 7pm show us that you either Like or follow us and receive 50% off your ...
 RT  Tues: $2 tacos - $12 el jimador carafes - $6.50 Infusion Vodka Cocktails - $3 PBR 16oz cans | the gardens - outside  ...
 Woohoo!!!  It's 87 degress today Chicago! Get your tan on, grab some cocktails and order some grub in our 
  Good. I was sick all weekend. Stupid summer colds!! :( Started feeling better last night.
 Yum!!  Take a look at our Grilled Spring Vegetable Pizza:grilled artichokes, spring onions, ov… (cont) 
  owie. maybe soak them in some epson salt.
 Stop on in to VIP's tonight with your FREE Admission Coupon! 
 RT  Today's Specials: 2 Vienna Hot Dogs, Fries & Drink $5; Large (18") 1-Topping Pan Pizza $15; Free 6pc Wings w/ Any $ ...
 Join our Text Club! Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers from VIP's Gentlemen's Club!
         (via 
 Don't make me ask twice!         (via 
 Do it!           (via 
 RT  If you haven't yet tried Chef Jimmy Jr.'s calamari and fregola with basil, it's time for a visit! 
 RT  Taking orders now for the 4th of July weekend!  Great weather for some Q!
  Thank you for the RT! <3
 RT  The crusty layer of cheese on the bottom of the  pot is called "la religieuse" & is considered a delicacy.   ...
 RT  Hey Chicagoans it was a beautiful day today, why not extend the day into the night and join us for a cold beverage!
 Make it a VIP Night!  <--FREE Admission Coupon.
 Join our Text Club! Just Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers from VIP's Gentlemen's Club!
  that and when they just make weird noises. I watched one once where the chick was making a honkin… (cont) 
 RT  Tonight at  - THE LINCOLN LAWYER 6:30pm - SOURCE CODE 8:30pm - THE BIRDCAGE 10:00pm - $3 Lite & High Life D ...
  Happy Hump Day Cutie!
 RT  HAPPY BIRTHDAY to  THX all for ur visits & support!!!
 RT  Today! BBQ, Buffalo & Grilled Chicken Sands $5; Chicken Parmesan Sands $6; Lrg (18") Gourmet Pizzas $20. (312)243-3 ...
 meeting ova....
 waiting on my meeting to start....
 RT  Wed – the gardens – outside dining & carry out 4-10p | $6.50 Infusion Cocktails -  $3 PBR 16 oz cans | Good Times w/ ...
  Thank you for the RT!! <3
 That sounds amazing!  The  Veggie - Seasonal vegetables, Swiss cheese and plum sauce on tomato focaccia bread
 Make sure you use the FREE Admission Coupon to head in tonight for Fantasy Night! Where every Wednesday is Halloween!
 RT  Party with us July 14th     
 RT  Today is Secret Word Wednesday. Checkout facebook.com/hotasianbuns for today's word. Repeat it at any Wow Bao & get a free bao
  <-- FREE Admission Coupon to VIP's Gentlemen's Club. Enjoy!
 RT  Specials/Events for Today: 1/2 price appetizers 
 RT  Is everyone enjoying this amazing sunny  weather? Our  is open! Grab a cocktail and get your tan on!
 RT  VIDEO: Karaoke Fridays are returning this week at 9pm! “You’re The One That I Want” from Grease is a classic  ...
 Happy Hump Day! How is everyone?
 Haven't joined our Text Club yet? That's okay...we still Love You! Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers from VIP's Gentlemen's Club!
 Diet Coke?  What should you NOT order to drink at your office happy hour?
 RT  Take me out to the ballgame...Buy me some peanuts, crackerjacks & Bao. Wow Bao is selling bao at US Cellular, section 138, ...
 RT  If you aren't thinking of ending this beautiful day on a patio, you should be... hint hint ;)
 Love 'em!         (via 
 Do it!          (via 
 My Favs!          (via 
  <-- FREE Admission Coupon to VIP's Gentlemen's Club!
 RT  Come discover the art of Mixology at Salud hosted by Don Julio Tequila. Free apps,  flight, welcoming... http:/ ...
  I liked to watch Steven to see what he was going to say that would make the guys in the control booth scramble.
  I actually liked watchin J-Lo on there too but her in Steven Tyler judging wise were interchangeable.
 Sweet!   Have you scanned the QR codes at Wow Bao? Different deal everyday !!!
 Hmm, I have a craving for some coconut water.
  We're fine!! Thank you for asking...that's so sweet of you! <3
 It's Fantasy Night at VIP's Gentlemen's Club where every Wednesday is Halloween!
 RT   boys new pay2view page 4 your hot  goodies      ...
 RT  Do you prefer meat, veggies, fruit, or a combination on your pizza? Give us ideas!
  How about instead of using meatballs on a pizza using mini falafel?
  Uh, married a 16 year old? What the frick?
 Make sure to join our Text Club! Just Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers from VIP's Gentlemen's Club!
 Check in with us on Foursquare  for FREE Admission to VIP's Gentlemen's Club this weekend!
 I never knew that! Very cool!  Did you know that Geja's Cafe was the first   in  (cont) 
  LOL So funny....I was just thinking it was getting time for a cocktail!
 RT  In the mood for a refreshing cocktail after this long week?  Come in for our Red Champagne Cocktail to start off the weeken ...
 Make sure to Join our Text Club! Just Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive VIP's Gentlemen's Club Offers!
 *hungry* think it's time for some lunch. Umm, I guess I should say brunch.
  LOL I was just saying I've been slacking lately on the  Making a resolution to to attack  like a bunny from now on!
 Anyone who's anyone follows  
  Eep, actually I'm a lady. LOL
 RT  Wow what a beautiful day! Perfect for sitting on the patio - serving lunch until 2pm and dinner starts at 4pm.... http:/ ...
 RT  Here are our drink specials for today: All Effen Vodka drinks - $5; Sierra Nevada and 312 Pints - $3.75  ...
 You know what to do!       
  Yep, you done good this week. LOL Kidding. I really was just slacking last week. I admit it.
 Even Brangelina Follow them!       via 
 Not gonna ask twice!      via 
 Do it!!          via 
 Join our Text Club! Just Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive VIP Offers!
 RT  Hey guys I don't work on  or a  line -I am independent  girl- just DM me your email address I se ...
 RT  DINNER PARTY! Call SaludTequila LoungeChicago at 773 235 5577 for reservations
 Nice!!  We are dipping chocolate covered bottles of wine today! 
  OMG I haven't been to Lindy's in years. Memories!!
 RT  Have you dined with us yet  Take a look at our site and see just how hot things will be this summer!  ...
 Fantasy Night tonight at VIP's! Check In with us on Foursquare for FREE Admission! 
 Join our Text Club! Just Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers!
  LOL I was thinking that yours sounded better!
  Mmm, pizza. I had chicken lettuce wraps.
 RT  Visit our Twitter page at 2pm today for a chance to win a free dinner of all our new menu items for u & a friend on ...
  I got lucky....my meeting today was only 35 minutes. Woop!
 Nice!!! RT  It's Deli O'Clock! We have Great Summer specials for your Boating events! We delive… (cont) 
 Oooh Mojitos!! RT  Specials/Events for Today: 1/2 price apps, 1/2 pice mojitos and select mar… (cont) 
 RT  Wed – the gardens – outside dining & carry out 4-10p | $6.50 Infusion Cocktails -  $3 PBR 16 oz cans | Jazz & Food S ...
 RT  Wed Specials: BBQ, Buffalo & Grilled Chicken Sand $5; Chicken Parm Sand $6; All Large Gourmet Pizzas $20. All Speci ...
 RT  Dine-in or Carry Out 2Night   Seasonal Dinners Return  Budget bar & $1 PBRs : )
 RT  We'll be sipping on $3 16 Oz Coors Light Cans while we watch the  vs  in  Game ...
 RT  Need more of me -- yahoo group members-- free to join ----  -- check it out ox
 RT  Do u crave dirty  talk? Our ladies have VERY open minds.  866-894-TALK
  Thank you for the RT! <3 and Happy Humpin Day!
  Doing great!! How about you? What was for lunch?
 It's Fantasy Night Tweeps!! Where Every Wednesday is Halloween at VIP's Gentlemen's Club, Chicago's only Full Liquor Topless Cabaret!
 RT  Make your reservations for Father’s Day here… Dad will thank you. 
 RT  Today's Specials: Two Vienna Hot Dogs, Fries & Drink $5; Large 1-Topping Pan Pizza $15; Free 6pc Wings w/ Any $25 O ...
 RT  Mi Casa, Su Casa Tuesdays! $3 Coronas & Pacificos, $10 dos amigos, $2.50 tacos and $5 frozen margaritas- enjoy the.. ...
 Join our Text Club! Just Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers!!
 RSVP HERE -->  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest <-- PLEASE RT
 Industry Party/Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest Tonight! Join the Party. Join the Fun! 9pm-4am.
 GUEST LIST ->  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest <- PLEASE RT
 GUEST LIST >>  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest << PLEASE RT
 Please RT >>>  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest
 Details + Map -->  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest
 RSVP HERE ->  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest <- PLEASE RT
 Click 4 Details >>  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest
 MAP + DETAILS >>>  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest <<< SPREAD THE WORD!
 GUEST LIST -->  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest <-- PLEASE RT
  Ooh, I've been wanting to do that Dr. Pepper thing with chicken for awhile now. I need to definitely try that out soon.
 RT  5 minutes if FREE  phone sex Read details on my latest blog post 
  LOL You're on!
 RT  For tables and guest list email info 
 I would just like to say I was not the first to mention food tonight  <--- she was
  You definitely need to stop in and say hi!
  Hah, I miss my tweets too. I need to make a new week resolution for next week....more tweeting!
  Mac & Cheese bites? Yum!!
 Follow or get a smack upside the head!       
  I've been good. Just super busy lately which interferes in my social media experience! :( How are you?
  LOL It's more that I've been a big slacker today. I was trying to do a cheat 1 today. Sssh, ur not supposed to call me out!
 RT  Text me 847-774-1551 and come party with me tonight!!!!!!!!!!!
  Thank your for the RT!! <3
 My Favorite Tweeps!!         
 PLEASE RT ->  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest <- SPREAD THE WORD!
 Guest List >>  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest
 Guest List >>>  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest
 RSVP HERE -->  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest <-- PLEASE RT
 Details + Map ->  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest
 3 more days until VIP's Industry Party/Amateur Bikini Contest is back! Sunday, June 12th 9pm-4am! Join the Party. Join the Fun!
 Please RT >>  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest
 Guest List >>>  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest
 CLICK 4 DETAILS -->  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest <-- SPREAD THE WORD!
 Join our VIP Text Club. Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers!! <-- Do It!
 RSVP Here ->  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest
 Head on in to VIP's tonight for Fantasy Night. Where every Wednesday is Halloween! 
 Click For Details >>  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest
 the one night I actually wanted to catch The Voice and my DVR didn't kick in. Lame.
  You're welcome!
 Been in to VIP's lately? Why not Yelp about it? 
 RSVP HERE >>>  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest <<< PLEASE RT
 RSVP Here -->  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest
 GUEST LIST ->  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest <- PLEASE RT
 LOL Yep....I know...who'd a thunk it?   shocking! :-) 
 RT  The Joynt is on Dearborn & Erie with valet parking.  We have live music every night of the week and DJs on the... h ...
 I'm feelin munchie. Hmm.
 My money is on you!  I have a feeling windows newsgroups and I are going to have a fight-- haha
 RT  A day like today calls for FRO-YO!!! Wow Bao WaterTower has really good fro-yo. Won  "Best In Show" 
 Hmm, I'm thinking it might be a tad on the "warm" side outside today....
 Join our VIP Text Club! Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers!
 RSVP HERE >>  Midnight Amateur Bikini Contest << PLEASE RT
 On a side note...I'm loving my new sour vitamin chews. Mmm, does a body good.
 I was watching a bit of the MTV awards earlier....I only made it past the 3rd award. Makes me wonder if  th… (cont) 
  That is probably the only downfall of a vacation....the accumulated work you come back to. Florida...*jealous*
 Rawr!!  No pain no gain...
  Hope you had a fun vaca!
  Welcome back!
 Join our VIP Text Club for Exclusive Offers! Text ROXY to 25827
 RT  Take a walk along the river and stop in for a cocktail at Bar Novo tonight!
 Join our VIP Text Club! Just Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers!
 RT  Steamy outside..Wow Bao WaterTower has cool tart fro-yo   
  Happy Monday back at ya!
  Thank you for the RT! <3
 RT  $3 House Cocktails & $15 Domestic Buckets tonight!
 Sunday, June 12th 9pm-1am....the return of VIP's Industry Party/Amateur Bikini Contest....get ready for it!
 Join us this weekend!!  <--FREE Admission Coupon for VIP's Gentlemen's Club!
  Mm, actually pizza sounds pretty dern good.
 Join our VIP Text Club! Just Text Roxy to 25827 for Exclusive Offers...like FREE Admission, Drink Specials an… (cont) 
 My Fav Tweeps!!          
 Join our VIP Text Club! Just Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers!
  OMG you had me at Goat Cheese!
 RT  Join us again tonight at SaludTequila LoungeChicago for$1 $2 $3 Thursdays with My Boy Elroy! Cheap apps, $3...  ...
  Who said I didn't miss you?!! I'll punch them in the head!
  Hey...I missed you yesterday!
 RT  My Website  and my personal yahoo group     
 Need a little sexiness in your life? Join us tonight at VIP's Gentlemen's Club!  <--FREE Admission Coupon
 Have you joined our Tex Club Yet? It's okay we still love you! Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers!
 RT  Did you know that all our locations serve late and offer special industry discounts?Check out our site online for details ...
  <---- Follow them or else!
 RT  Looking to get more followers, help us out!
 Also make sure to join our Text Club! Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers!
 Join us tonight for Fantasy Night!  Just Check In with us on Foursquare for FREE Admission!
 Yay!!  It's Wednesday, do you know what that means? 1/2 off martinis ALL DAY!  
 RT  Wanna play? What's your kink? Open ur mind & explore Private line: 1-973-692-8257   ...
  Thank you for the RT! Happy Humpin Day!
   Aww, thank you for the shout out!! <3
 RT  Please Follow & ReTweet:         ...
 RT  Another amazing day on the patio at Mickeys! Stop by for $3 Summer Shandys, $5 Summer Coolers, $6 Frozen Drinks,...  ...
 Happy Humpin Day Everyone! Remember Hump Day means Fantasy Night at VIP's! 
 Join our VIP Text Club! Just Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers!
 Have you joined our VIP Text Club yet? It's okay...we still love you! Just Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers!
  <-- FREE Admission Coupon to VIP's Gentlemen's Club!
 RT  $3.50 Pints & $3 Burgers for  tonight!
 RT  Today's Deals: Two Dogs, Fries & Drink $5; Large 1 Topping Pan Pizza $15; Free Wings w/ Any $25 Order  ...
 RT  BREW-HA-HA returns to  TONIGHT! - Your source for late-night open mic comedy! - 
 Join our VIP Text Club. Text ROXY to 25827 for Exclusive Offers!
 Mmm, Chips & Salsa!  I'm at Uncle Julio's (north av, Chicago) 
