 Be sure to join  at brianculbertson.com for a 1-year Anniversary Celebration Webchat for XII! Tomorrow, 7/20 at 7:00 pm EDT!
 Win a trip to Las Vegas, New York and more! Rewarding YOU for helping spread the word on  Facebook 
 RT  Attention Facebook Fans!  Today, we are launching a contest to reward YOU for helping us spread the word about... http ...
 Tom Wopat will be chatting on Twitter tonight! Follow him at  to ask your questions and log on at 11pm EST / 8pm PST.
 RT  Can't wait until the fall to see  Enter for a chance to see them THIS SUMMER on our Fb page!  ...
 Attention  fans! Matt kicks off his spring tour TONIGHT at Joe's Pub in NYC! Great tickets still available: .
 Check out  as he gets interviewed by Sandy Shore at Seabreeze Jazz Fest 2011!!!! 
 Want updates about "15 Minutes" & video/music clips from  His Facebook page is THE PLACE to find them! 
 RT   actually  and I (jokingly) discussed making lifesize replicas of SNC. we could make this dream a  ...
  Please DM us the name 2 hold tix under & an email address.
 Congrats - you are the winner!  RT  I want to win a pair of Matt Dusk ( tickets 
 Thank u! RT   is coming 2  & giving away  tickets 2 his show! Click here 2 win 
  Not yet Vanessa - will announce the winner today!
  please RT!  is coming 2  & giving away  tickets 2 his show! Click here 2 win 
  please RT!  is coming 2  & giving away  tickets 2 his show! Click here 2 win 
  please RT!  is coming 2  & giving away  tickets 2 his show! Click here 2 win 
  please RT!  is coming 2  & giving away  tickets 2 his show! Click here 2 win 
  please RT!  is coming 2  & giving away  tickets 2 his show! Click here 2 win 
  please RT!  is coming 2  & giving away  tickets 2 his show! Click here 2 win 
  please RT!  is coming 2  & giving away  tickets 2 his show! Click here 2 win 
  Thanks Laura! Just sent you an email with more details. Enjoy  :)
  Please DM us the name 2 hold tix under & an email address.
 Congrats - you are the winner! RT  I want to win a pair of Matt Dusk ( tickets 
 Thank u! RT   is coming 2  & giving away  tickets 2 his show! Click here 2 win 
  please RT!  is coming 2  & giving away  tickets 2 his show! Click here 2 win 
  please RT!  is coming 2  & giving away  tickets 2 his show! Click here 2 win 
  please RT!  is coming 2  & giving away  tickets 2 his show! Click here 2 win 
  please RT!  is coming 2  & giving away  tickets 2 his show! Click here 2 win 
  please RT!  is coming 2  & giving away  tickets 2 his show! Click here 2 win 
  Thanks Meredith!  Just sent you an email with more details.  Enjoy 
  Please DM us the name 2 hold tix under & an email address.
 Congrats - you are the winner! RT  I want to win a pair of Matt Dusk  tickets 
  BRING ON TOMORROW is on the BBC Radio 2 A List for the third week in a row! 
 Casting Directors, James & Jodie just returned from an audition in Chicago. Next stop, Las Vegas! Click to see (cont) 
  was awarded with SIX Oasis Awards this past weekend at the Seabreeze Jazz Festival in Florida!! Congratulations Brian!
 Barry will be on QVC for a Q Session Live at 8pm on May 26 to introduce his album, 15 MINUTES. Be the 1st to order it before it hits stores!
 The MAIL on Sunday did a feature on  this past weekend!! Read the full interview here: 
  Please DM us the name 2 hold tix under & an email address.
 Congrats - you are the winner!  RT  I want to win a pair of Matt Dusk ( tickets 
  Following you now - thanks!
  Please DM us the name 2 hold tix under & an email address.
 Congrats - you are the winner!  RT I want to win a pair of Matt Dusk ( tickets   
 Thanks 4 sharing ur  pics from the show! RT    via 
  Please DM us the name 2 hold tix under & an email address.
 Congrats - you are the winner! RT  I want to win a pair of Matt Dusk  tickets 
 Have fun!!! RT  Yay! Thx for picking me for the  contest!
  Please DM us the name 2 hold tix under & an email address.
 Congrats - you are the winner! RT  I want to win a pair of Matt Dusk ( tickets 
 RT    is back from Vegas & touring in Canada now! Win tix in your city (& a CD)   
 Matt Dusk ( is back from Las Vegas and touring in Canada now!  Win tix in your city (& a CD)  
  auctioning off a signed bottle of Oakville Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon (2003). Profits (cont) 
 RT  Barry is on the A LIST!  His new single, BRING ON TOMORROW, from his upcoming album, "15 Minutes," is on the BBC 2...  ...
  is giving away a hotel stay and tickets to see them live in Atlantic City! Visit  to enter today!
 It's the beginning of the month, which means a new video from Barry's vault of personal archives was added to www.manilow.tv! Check it out!
 New Manilow Music Project fan page! LIKE the page so we can work together to put instruments into students' hands 
 RT     Congratulations to Barry 3rd yr win Best Celebrity in the Valley mydesert.com ht ...
  just came out with his new video for "It's Time"! Check it out! 
 Do u live in Seattle? Lucky for u,  is finally coming back to Jazz Alley July 14-17! For tickets: 
 RT   The song is more beautiful with each listen. Pure Barry at his finest!
 Download a free song from  debut album PLACES TO GO at 
 Barry performed his first single, BRING ON TOMORROW, on THIS MORNING in the UK! If u missed it, listen to it at www.manilow.com
 Harrah’s has invited  back! New show called: "Back to the Shore: Songs of the Decades & More”! Details: 
 RT   All the Chasers agree that  should be the ONLY entertainment (anthem&halftime) for the 2012 Super Bowl
 Have u checked out  blog?  Even watch their live performance of "Stayin' Alive"/"Very Superstitous!"
  fans, u don't wanna miss this!  & the band will be performing in LA on March 18th & 19th! 
 Did u catch Lorna on CBS’ EYE ON THE DESERT last week? If not, check out her interview & performance right here: 
 Want to tune in? Barry's first UK stop is THIS FRIDAY, March 11 at The Chris Evans Show on BBC Radio 2!
 The rumors ARE true, Barry's headed to the UK to hit the air waves! He'll talk about upcoming concerts at the O2 Arena, 15 Minutes & more!
 Congrats   Everyone make sure to catch him in The Hurly Burly Show!
  joins THE HURLY BURLY SHOW in London from March 3–May 1. Tix are available now at . Buy yours today!
  just announced his tour with  next year! We can't wait! More details here: 
 check out  's new jam "Open Up to Me" 
 don't miss out on seeing  at the McCallum theatre on Valentines day!  to win tickets!
 RT  Tune In To See Us On Cold-EEZE's Skate for the Heart * Sunday, January 16, 2010 
 RT  RT  Straight No Chaser are touring Canada in February! Win tix in your city (& a CD). 
 Lorna's in NYC performing  Feinstein’s & is stopping by THE JOY BEHAR SHOW! Tune in to Headline News tomorrow at 9PM or Midnight to see her
 Listen and download  haunting version of “You are My Sunshine” here! 
 Barry Manilow will be featured on the “CBS Early Show” on Monday, December 20 sometime between 7 and 9 AM!  Set your alarm and tune in!!
 Barry Manilow blew the roof off of the emotional and very moving Nobel Peace Prize Concert in Oslo, Norway on Saturday 
  thanks Helen :)
 congrats to  - this video is great!  The 12 Days of Christmas [Fan Edition] 
 RT  I adore when nights sneak up on you and surprise you."Leftover cuties"just transported me 2 heaven tonight. Felt like new york ...
 Hunger is a real story for 50 million Americans. Play a role in helping  end hunger. www.facebook.com/FeedingAmerica
 so...  have release two new Christmas songs – click here to add them to your holiday soundtrack now! 
 RT  want to hear a NEW DEMO and get a free DL? check the front page of  to get "If I Told You" R ...
 RT  FILTER Magazine - News - Weekly Picks 10.25.10  
 RT  Come to "KCRW Masquerade" Saturday, October 30 from 9:00 pm to 2:00 am. KCRW Event is here:... 
 VIDEO: Manilow Music Project Puts Instruments in the Hands of Kids  
  thanks for helping spread the word!
  -  arrives on the scene
  -  arrives on the scene
  -  arrives on the scene
  -  arrives on the scene
  -  arrives on the scene
  -  arrives on the scene
  -  arrives on the scene
  - Setting up for a Manilow Music project donation at Valley High School in Las Vegas 
  did you know  is coming to Dallas on 10/13?  TIckets still available here -  RT please!
  is coming to Dallas!!  Tickets still available at 
 Tickets still available to see  in SF on 10/20!   
  coming to the Palace of Fine Arts on 10/20!  Have you heard?     
  is playing a show in San Francisco on 10/20! have you heard?     RT please!
  is coming to San Francisco on 10/20!  have you heard?     tickets starting at $25! RT Pls
 sorry meant to say 
 Make sure to follow     while you're at it
  the Straight No Chaser guys!  and  are racing to 1,000 followers! Also pls welcome  to Twitter.
 Stiletto is happy to welcome Leftover Cuties to the fam! Listen to their music at  - 
 RT  I'm a fannilow! RT    was Barry Manilow. I was 5 or 6 & loved every second. Stil ...
 live web chat with  in 8 minutes!  should be streaming from his home page www.brianculbertson.com
  is going LIVE in London in a few weeks!  Check it out here  and on www.spencerday.co.uk
 Check out this special message from Barry Manilow!    
 Jason Priestley wins best actor award for "Call Me Fitz"   did all music/soundtrack for the show!  RT please!
 Stream New County’s full EP now exclusively at   
 New County is part of the  Soundtrack for the Summer! Download "Impossible" for free here now:  
 tune into  's album release day U-stream NOW! 
  's new album comes out tomorrow!!! 7/20!! Join us for a live U-stream event at 5pm PST (8pm EST) 
  will be performing on the “10 Show” on NBC tomorrow (July 13).  The “10 Show” is on from 10 – 11 AM.  
 Barry and Jason Alexander hangout back stage after the show at Paris in Las Vegas 
 Showroom at Sea auditions this Sunday!  Click here for more information:     
 Larry King  and Barry Manilow after Barry's 7/3 show at the Paris in Las Vegas   
 Check out Barry’s “Up Close and Personal” interview with Luxury Las Vegas! <>
 behind the scenes with  at Harrah's Atlantic City getting ready for their summer run by the shore!! 
 please vote! www.americansmoothjazzawards.com - click "Vote Now" on the left. Artists to vote for: Spencer Day, Matt Dusk, Brian Culbertson.
 Barry Manilow named "Best Strip Headliner" by Las Vegas Weekly!! RT Please 
 Don't forget to go see Sara Gazarek  Cafe Metropol in LA this weekend! June 4th and 5th... get tickets here: 
 Don't forget to go see Sara Gazarek  Cafe Metropol in LA this weekend!  June 4th and 5th... get tickets here: 
  thanks for the FF!
  thanks for the shout!
 Check out the teaser for Raining and OK's upcoming video 'SHADOWS' - the band made this completely on their own! 
  Stiletto's talented employees      
 More Manilow Paris Las Vegas tickets available on Saturday at 10 AM PDT at: www.manilowparis.com!
 Audition Alert: Los Angeles, CA! Sunday, May 23, 2010... www.stilettoentertainment.com for details!
 RT  New Blog and new MUSIC - www.myspace.com/TheGoodnightAnthem download "How Will I Know" FREE at www.purevolume.com/TheGoodni ...
 RT  Going to see  tomorrow in Anaheim with      and some  ...
  New Blog + new MUSIC - www.myspace.com/TheGoodnightAnthem download "How Will I Know" FREE at www.purevolume.com/TheGoodnightAnthem
  going to try and keep more good stuff coming on a regular basis!
  thanks for the RT!
 RT  here's a pic from our shadows video set. this is the "fire" scene!  
  a cool photo from  's "Shadows" video set
 LIVE ON U-STREAM!!!  will be chatting with fans12pm LA Time!! tune in straight from www.brianculbertson.com RT Please!
 LIVE ON U-STREAM!!!  will be chatting with fans12pm LA Time!! tune in straight from www.brianculbertson.com  RT Please!
 sweet video!! RT  Check out this video teaser about making my new record!  RT Please!
 Las Vegas Weekly's Best of 2010! Vote Barry Manilow for A+E Strip Headliner!! 
 STILETTO is holding TWO separate auditions in Las Vegas on April 30 and May 2!  
 RT  Spencer is Going Coast to Coast! : 
 live web-chat with  in 5 min!!! www.brianculbertson.com streaming from the home page
 RT  Straight No Chaser - Live from Harrah's Casino - TUNE IN NOW! 
 STRAIGHT NO CHASER PRESS CONFERENCE LIVE NOW 
 Audition Alert:  Los Angeles, CA! March 28th!!! 
 RT  Really enjoying acapella group Straight No Chaser on PBS right now...its an art form and they're the real deal.
 download  's EP "Always Will Be" for FREE  
 carries Ryan's radio show... complete list found here:  6AM and 9AM!
 Tune in on Wednesday for Barry Manilow’s Interview with Ryan Seacrest! to 102.7 in Los Angeles or the radio station in your city that
 Audition Alert:  NC, TX, GA, and FL! 
 STRAIGHT NO CHASER WEB-CHAT LIVE NOW!!! www.sncmusic.com  RT Please!
 RT         -good luck with the live chat! ht ...
 RT  30 minutes to go! 
  LIVE chat on ustream tonight at 8pm EST!! 
 check out  's residency coming up at the Upright Cabaret in Los Angeles! 
 Audition Alert:  New York, NY and Philadelphia, PA! 
 Audition Alert:  New York, NY and Philadelphia, PA! 
 Straight No Chaser's  "With A Twist" new album cover 
 Spencer Day's Anti-Valentine's Day Music Video!  Check it out and Re-Tweet please!! 
 AUDITION ALERT: Oklahoma City, OK and Salt Lake City, UT! Feb 14th and 16th 
 did you all catch  on KMIR6?! 
 Rainy day in LA means staff pizza party for lunch!
 RT  I'm Yours / Somewhere Over The Rainbow (Live) 
 RT  Tempe! Our headlining show  The Madcap Theater is tonight! Starts at 7pm. We're going to play a few new songs tonight ...
 RT  Gettin ready for our show in Kingston ON.  Anyone on here coming?
 RT  Great blog about  new v-blogs which chronicle the making of his new album 
 RT  RT  Brian Culbertson Pulls Back the Creative Curtain 
 Barry Manilow's new album THE GREATEST LOVE SONGS OF ALL TIME debuts at  on the Billboard 200!!!  Retweet Please!!!
 This month, Barry has chosen to share his concert from Houston, TX at the Houston Rodeo on March 3, 2001!  www.manilow.TV free preview! RT
  made Pop Wrap's Top 10 Artists to Watch in 2010!  check it out! Please Re-tweet!
 Don’t forget to see Barry on the Rachel Ray show tomorrow!! (Friday, January 29) Click here for a Sneak Peak  RT Please!
 Don’t forget to see Barry on the Rachel Ray show tomorrow!! (Friday, January 29) Click here for a Sneak Peak 
 Places and Numbers  signed to Equal Vision Records -  - also one of our newest artists!  Check it out
 RT   - Look what I found in the warehouse!  On SALE now 
 A Cappella group called the Counterparts at the U-Penn performed Spencer Day’s “”Til You Come To Me”  check it out!
 RT  PHX! Tickets for the Feb.5  Madcap Theater show are avail.  . Get em' quick there's only 1 ...
 In case you missed Barry Manilow on Conan O'Brien last night... you can find it here! 
 AUDITION ALERT: Pittsburgh, PA!  calling all singers and dancers!! Click for more info
 RT  One simply CANNOT be in a bad mood while listening to Barry Manilow, it's just not possible. :)
 Barry Manilow tonight on Conan O'Brien... tune in!!  He'll be talking about his new album The Greatest Love Songs of All Time.  RT Please!
 RT  RT  Bigger Room for Mortensen Hall show in Hartford, CT!  
 Barry Manilow to be on the Tonight show with Conan O'Brien (could be one of the last guests) Thursday 1/21!   Tune in!!
 RT  RT  How about a hoodie?  
 RT   Barry Manilow was superb; great show. Loved seeing you in person, wish I'd had a chance to meet you, love  ...
 Manilow Media Frenzy... TONIGHT 1/20 Barry will be on Entertainment Tonight promoting his new album: THE GREATEST LOVE SONGS OF ALL TIME
  follow  Barry's management team for updates
 Spencer Day at the McCallum Theatre... Palm Desert, CA 2/13 www.spencerday.com
 AUDITIONS: Jan 17th for Showroom at Sea… click for details 
  "Signed, Sealed, Delivered, I'm Yours" (Live) 
  is playing in Birmingham, AL at the Library Theater tonight and tomorrow night! 
