 Spotify for  Think Again  cc: 
 RT  About to try out  If it works out, switching the company front office away from Windows. Beer and Lin ...
 RT   phones on my bed. im in the lobby playing with the new  release.  its pretty awesome
 RT  My Cr-48 still doesn't have offline Google Docs access. You know what has offline docs access?  Two has it.
 RT  Just switched to  for my 3 yr old netbook. Much faster than  & great Gmail/docs integration.
 RT  ..I've got Spotify working on my  laptop, I can see the benefit. Will be nice to access my music on the road.
 RT  Hack the planet!    
 RT  Seen on linuxjournal.com. || Peppermint OS: Cloud Oriented Desktop Distro 
 Excellent page, explains most all approaches to installing software with Debian based systems.    
  Yay !!!
 RT  So far, lovin'  EeePc much faster, esp on internet, and thus far no crashes.
 RT  Wow, just got off the phone with a customer who's a  user.  
  Make sure to post this in our forum... we'd love to tackle that  we have some others running  on theirs
 Very nice !! Team  was invited to speak to some Linux / IT classes at AB-Tech in  this semester 
  Rock on !!
  I have a feeling that  is looking into this.... stay tuned
  Have you addressed your issue on the Forum yet? I've done a dozen PMOS2 installs without a hitch 
 The  Two is on par for serving 1/2 Million downloads in the first 30 days. Not too shabby !!
 Thanks !! RT  ive been using  on a couple computers here at home. very nice work guys 
 RT  Screw Chromebook! Get  & have all the features of ChromeOS with the ability to do stuff offline too! 
  
  We are a "Hybrid OS" you can use it all Local, Cloud or in Combination without slowing it down. Give it a shot Will not disappoint
 RT  Nueva entrada en mi Blog: "Peppermint Two"     
 RT  Must be smoke break time on Peppermint Row.     Jongo  Java 
  Yeps...... the  is quite a talented lady
 RT  Check out Peppermint OS 2 Wallpaper by ~lexipixel on   created for the  wallpa ...
 RT   Really diggin'  2 right now.  Just installed it on a new  partition. Thanks to all the devs assoc ...
 Apologies for the mixup on our site with the backward torrent downloads. That has been resolved and thanks for reporting the issue
  apologies !!!!! We are on the scene
 It's official:  Two is now available: 
 Peppermint Two Now Officially Available   
 Got a Woodford Reserve and a high hoped IPA in a pre celebration for the  Two release. Its super sexy. Great job Team !!!
 You can order a fresh off-the-press  Two CD tonight if you'd like. Download release tomorrow !!   
 Everything still looks good. I'm going to skip the bar tonight and go straight home to start finalizing the website.
 A few more loose ends and  Two will be ready for public release. Hoping for Friday. Stay Tuned 
 The much anticipated Peppermint Two OS is ready !! We should have it available within the next 5-7 days. We will keep you posted :)
 RT  No thanks I will stick with  & Linuxmint RT  Windows 8 unveiled at  (cont) 
 All Peppermint web services are restored. Big round of applause for  - you guys rock !!
  DDOS cloud attack. It's been rectified. Servers should be restarted soon
 All  web services will be restored shortly.  engineers are working on the issue. Thanks for your patience
 All Peppermint web services are currently down.... we are looking into the problem right now
  :)
  very soon...... :)
 Desktop Linux: the final frontier   
  Sooon !! Sooooooon !!!!!!!!! 
 Google Is Serious: You Can Kill Chrome's URL Bar  via 
 Mad Science Headed from the Libre Graphics Meeting to Your Linux Desktop   
 Noice !! RT  Just measured the current  dev build at using 104 MB of RAM at idle. 
 Open Source Cloud Computing with Hadoop   
 FBCMD: Command Line for Facebook   
  :)
  I need the slide sizes :P
 Right on !! RT  Just installed cloud-based Linux  to dual boot with Ubuntu. Peppermint's wicked awesome fast!
 Using Firewall Builder on  to build Firewalls from Scratch  
 Thanks to all who submitted artwork for the  Wallpaper Challenge. Tough decision to make w/ so many great entries. Annc soon
 Giving Back: Lubuntu 64bit now Available   
 Giving Back: Lubuntu 64bit Edition is now available via team    
 Thanks to all who have submitted artwork. We have a tough decision ahead. Still time to take to take a shot at the prize 
 Deadline is Midnight for the Peppermint Wallpaper Challenge. Cash Prize. Details >> 
 RT  The  rewrite for  Two is complete. Now to get it in the repo.  
 Can't wait to see them !! RT  Working on ideas for the  2 wallpaper contest. Ahhhhhh so little time left! 
 RT  Doing the  app rewrite for  Making some VERY good progress. 
 RT  Hard at work for Peppermint Labs.    Jongo  Java 
 RT  Installing  Calendar on  ICE 
 eBook Publishing Using Linux Tools   
 2 more days to submit your entries for the Peppermint Wallpaper Challenge. Cash Prize.    
  Not sure what to say. We are not having issues, no reported issues, with any domains. DNS issues with your ISP [?]
  No reason. I can hit all of our sites just fine.... Clear your browser cache ??
 Peppermint review on MSN UK Tech & Gadgets   
 Graphic Arts? Photogs? 9 days left in the Peppermint Wallpaper Challenge. Cash Prize. All are Welcome. Please RT 
 RT  Much rather be working on  instead of my real job. More bugs shall be quashed tonight.
 Right on !! RT   Installed Peppermint  OS on 4G Asus Netbook.  Light and fast and impressive.
 4 out of 5 Stars:  a Rising Star of the derivative distribution charts...    
 All  merch is 10% use Code: MINTYFRESH at checkout   
 Why we need an Open Wireless Movement   
 Getting a webinar training on provisioning DIA PON's... more acronyms.... 
  Hit us up here I meant :D
  oh yeah  is around :)
 Drupal at Warp Speed. 30 minute Quick Start Guide    
 RT   w00t!  I love my  install on my netbook!  The very best OS for netbooks PERIOD!
 RT  Just got my first preview of  Two from  Its looking super sexxeh!!
 I'm on a date with Ms Daffodil on Cloud Girlfriend... very interesting. Fantasy game, part Dating Site with a Twist.. blog post tomorrow
 Rock On !! RT  The first packages for  Two are making their way into the repository. :) 
 Google slapped with $5M fine in Linux patent lawsuit  
  thanks for the exposure dude. much appreciated !!
 Photogs: ISO a default desktop image. Win some $$$ get global exposure, expecting 3-5 Million downloads in first month. 
 Getting a bunch of great art submitted for the Peppermint Wallpaper Challenge. All are welcome. Win some $$$ 
 RT  The return of the champs Peppermint OS THIS SUMMER!!! 
 RT  Peppermint Two Plans announced 
 Good morning Peppermint Nation !! How's the day treating you so far ??
 Graphic Artists: We're still looking for eye catching desktop art for our upcoming OS release. Cash Prize. All welcome 
 We've just surpassed 1000 followers on teh Twitter !! Thanks to you all :)
 Patience with the  sites. A full DNS propagation may have to happen for some of you. Sorry gang. Auto-Renew on  Epic FAIL
 Our apologies for the  sites being down. Major goof of or domain registrar. Lesson: Do Not Trust Auto Renewal. Period.
 Peppermint Two Wallpaper Challenge   
 Its Official: The Peppermint Wallpaper Challenge. Open to All.  
 Putting together a Wallpaper Challenge for the new version  Two - Cash and swag pack... getting the deets together now
 RT  just installed Peppermint from USB Thumb Drive 2 Fit-PC2i without a hitch. Thanks  P-mint. I'm in  also.  Nice work !
 Yahoo! joins the Linux Foundation   
 Thanks Rick !! RT   I am REALLY starting to love you guys  
 Subscribe to Peppermint Nation the Official YouTube Channel for    in-house produced content coming
 Good morning Peppermint Nation. How are you today ?? 
 Win a Free Pass to LinuxCon: Just Tweet    
 Linux Turns 20, The Future is Bright  
 The Coming Linux Admin Shortage   
 (e)PMOS : Peppermint OS (e)PMOS was promoted to Sr. Manager of the 'Software: Open Source' Index!   
 Good morning Twitterville !!
 Using  OS One on a Monday   via   
 Thanks  on the Verified status for  !!  
 Word !! RT   I'm definitely checking it out, thanks for the info!  
 Good morning Peppermint Nation.... How are you doing this morning ?? 
 Peppermint OS  ( is for sale on the world's only social media exchange, Empire Avenue  via 
 All  Gear is 10% Off this month. Use Coupon Code "MINTYFRESH" at check-out. Shirts, Hats and More  
 Word !! RT  If you're not up on Peppermint OS, then get up there.  
 RT  Does anyone in Silicon Valley care about Windows anymore? 
 All  Gear is 10% Off this month. Use Coupon Code "MINTYFRESH" at check-out. Shirts, Hats and More  
 Burn Studios Audiotool Lets You Mix and Make Music in the Cloud (via  
 RT  Dear Linux (specifically  ), My apologies.  You may have just saved a client's data.  
 RT  Installing LAMP and  on  ICE 
 RT  Been running  on a spare laptop for a few months - dig it! Clean, quick & easy to use - great  distro
  Celebrates its 20th Anniversary and the Story of its Roots [Infographic] 
 RT  Have replaced Ubuntu 10.10 Netbook Edition with  It's a lot better. Canonical should take notes.
 RT  Dialing in live image automatic login for  Two. :)
 RT   New Croatia IT magazine Vidi cc/   ;)
 RT  New Croatian IT magazine Vidi www.vidilab.com brings an excellent review on the   
  hrmmmmmmm....... Merry Christmas !! :)
 A father & son duo put together a nice YouTube channel for  tutorials. Nice work guys. Two thumbs up   
 Has anyone taken Chrome Lite for a spin ??  
  MD5SUM  !!!!!!!
 RT  Took an old PC 1/4 GB RAM; installed  hooked it to old stereo system; moved my music WAV files to it. Way cool!
 Gmail is on the move... try out Gmail Motion, a new, better way to communicate  via 
 We'd like to introduce our new tech partners, powering the next generation of  
  If you still having issues we can assist on our forum 
 RT  Rebuilding the Ice application in  with a nicer interface and added funtionality. :)  
 Peppermint Nation? How is everyone doing today?
  Yup, we will ship down under. Any issues just hit us up Cheers
 We now have  T-Shirts, Hats & Wares. Affordable. Use Coupon Code GRANDOPEN for 10% OFF. Ends April 30 
 Yes, this really is what  does every day.  ...    !!
 RT  Had fun adding a video and step-by-step directions to  ICE persistent usb flash drive - 
 On Sale SOON !! RT  And we have success!     
  That was a joke, miss..... :)
 RT  Technology is amazing. I am chatting with people on the other side of the planet in the  IRC channel.
 One today is worth Two tomorrows…   
 One today is worth Two tomorrows...     
 We've got some new developments here at  headquarters. More news later today. Stay Tuned 
 RT  Ruminations -  OS Ice on a Mac   
 RT  Seesmic Blog - Seesmic Hits Amazon's Appstore for Android 
 RT  Today we're releasing Firefox 4. Watch the launch day activities LIVE on Air Mozilla:  
 RT  Very happy to welcome  as a forum moderator for  :)
 The  keeps the Irish Hat in the NOC department.  !!    
 DropVox Records Voice Messages Directly to DropBox  
 RT  Getting Shutter to Work on  ICE -  
 RT  Modifying  ICE "Start" button 
 Dropbox Forms is the Easiest Way to let others send Files to your Dropbox Account  
 Goodnight Twitterville....... 
 RT   ice is still  getting ready to install on my macbook, replacing linux mint. Peppermint ice on all others! 
 When hurricane Katrina hit the US, the world came to our aid. Txt REDCROSS to 90999. provide $10 towards the Red Cross efforts.  
 Red Cross for Japan Earthquake Relief, just text REDCROSS to 90999. Each text will provide $10 towards the Red Cross’s humanitarian efforts.
 Peppermint One on 1GB memory.  at its Finest   great video by 
 RT  Take a look at this video -- Peppermint OS Ice Re-Spin March 2011 Distro Review  via 
 Japan Earthquake and Tsunami - 7 Simple Ways to Help  
 RT  Running WinXP on  ICE    
 Setting up  Ice as the Lone Ranger     
 Developers: Check out this in-the-browser IDE   [video] Super awesome. 
 The uber-geek CLI website of  CTO   ...   
 RT  Creating a Persistent, Bootable USB Flash Drive with  ICE on it   
 RT  Just resurrected an old 250MB RAM Toshiba Tecra using  ice-flavour ... easy logical install and good fast  ...
 Exploring Peppermint OS - Cloud-based and a Cinch!       
 Foursquare's Google Moment: Recommendations Launch Tonight by   via 
  RT   just installed it on my laptop.. Brought new(fast & amazing) life back into my pc!
 Thank you !!! RT  Peppermint OS is pretty tight
  We'd love to see   in action on that Lenovo. Pics? [both the CTO & COO are rockin'  ;)
 Thanks for the props. We really appreciate it !! RT   you have great tutorials!    !!
 Thanks a Zillion !! RT   Rating up...thanks for a great distro folks!
 Nice !! RT  Exploring Peppermint ICE on dual-booting Lenovo  Touchscreen works great!! Fast, too! 
 Rate: Peppermint OS Ice  Distro Ratings    
 Getting Started with Linux: The Complete Guide (via   
 RT  Dude!  installed on my desktop, and my desktop is actually running FASTER than Ubuntu now!
  Good thinking. We'll give it a shot. Might take a few days :)
 RT  Peppermint will go on my new Lenovo after the testing and config is done. My 14 yr old son likes the speed & security of Linux
  Correct !! 
 Peppermint Ice Re-Spin is Now Available   
  on its way
 Peppermint Ice Re-spin Announcement     
 As an early treat, the Peppermint Ice re-spin is now ready for download. Cheers ;)     
 New   re-spin will release on Monday March 7th 
  Team  :          
  Ice should be ready after the weekend sometime
  DUDE !! We didn't know you had the CR48 ?? Why didn't you say so ?? D:
 A Chain of Fools: Updating Windows from DOS to Windows 7 [Video] by   via 
 VPS.NET: New Site Launched! -  
 Don't recycle your old PC, give it    
 Dev team has a  Ice re-spin at the ready. One more look and we'll unload the candy. Coupla days away.   
  Its not necessary. Our updates push every so often. However many do re-install fresh just to get a clean slate to see
 Booyah !!   So,  Ice-DEV-039 looks like a winner for a respin. Uploading now. :)
  Good choice indeed
  Bring it ON !!
 RT   where do i get these 2$ stickers? I'll buy a few. Peppermint Stickers   
 Word !! RT   Make sure you have $2 to buy a  sticker! You're gonna want one ;)
 Awesome. Let us know if you need anything RT  Downloading 
 Getting Started with Linux: Why Install Linux? (via   
 Peppermint  OS featured in Linux Graphics Users     
 Right on !! RT  Currently running Peppermint.  
 Cheat Sheet: 10 Tips and Tricks for Dropbox  
 Chocolate-Dipped Beer Marshmallows  via 
 W00h00 !! RT  I LOVE PEPPERMINT ONE OS!!!!!
  Definitely not ignoring you :) We never heard you ask ? Where did you pose the question ?
  That shouldn't effect us in any way at all. Looking forward to  11
 Getting all the ducks in a row for  attending  June 10-12 in Spartanburg SC  
 Touchegg Adds More Multitouch Gestures to   
  Good man !!
  Seriously, hit the Forum. Lots of help there. Very little we can't assist with. Peppermint's too easy to work with
  We have very few blown installs. Head to the forum for more detailed assistance... better than 140 characters at a time :)
  Did you verify the MD5SUM of the ISO before you installed???
  Go into the "Sound Mixer" its probably muted or the Master Volume leveler is turned down. Common issue. Forum will help
 Rock on man !! RT  Alright, using the liveUSB of  Ice. I like it! I'm going to install!  
  Good luck, and thanks for giving us a try. Forum - we've got the best people to assist. We'll get you up and going. No worries :)
  For further assistance, see our Forum at  . Join up and you can get loads of help there. :)
  Thats because WinRAR is installed on your machine and *detects* the ISO file, which IS a compressed file. Just save the ISO file
  .zip files? There is nothing .Zipped. Are you downloading an .ISO from our site?? 
  Works like any other OS in offline mode :) If you *Need* an office suite, add one. Its stripped down so you make it your own. Cheers
 Word !! RT  Tykkäsin YouTube-videosta -- Peppermint Ice OS: Tiny Linux in the Cloud 
  Noted !! :)
 Linux Desktop Environments Explained    
  Way to go !! Thanks for the support. Cheers
 RT  Delivered a refreshed laptop back to what appears to be a happy new user of   It seems really fast now she says
 Presentation about social and digital trends with   founder  starts in 10 mins at 
 Very Nice !! RT  Testing out  Very impressed so far!  
 RT   The kids call the laptop with Peppermint OS 'the candy computer'  
 RT  WattOS on the road, heading to  territory .. we can hook up...drink beer & discuss  two great crafts.
 on Thursday night, Ron from WattOS  will be swinging by  HQ for a meet up. We are excited to chat with him...
 WIN !! RT  A new happy user of  OS. Old HP Pavilion dv5000 has finally found it's last OS. Runs excelllent now. 
 Lookin Good !! RT  Photo: 44/365: Playing with Peppermint Linux on an old Thinkpad. 
  I think there may be on that site itself on how to get it done. My understanding is its 2-click thing... on a PC anyway :)
  Yes you can. You can run it as a VM... OS One   OS Ice    
 Oh yeah! RT  Some plans have been put in motion for a really big  project! Here's hoping it all works out well
 Amen !! RT   Quick download, quick install, fast desktop: Peppermint rocks!
  Nice !!
 RT   after a short nap, I realize why I like your logo. It reminds me of the umbrella corporation and, resident ev ...
 Let us know what you think... RT  Peppermint OS   
 We approve !! RT  Tweeting the  with Peppermint Ice.    
 RT  Review: Peppermint Ice  ( Free,  ) 3.5 Stars !! 
 WIN !! RT  I think I convinced our security system tech guy to give  a try.
 Meet  &  from Team  at the UCLUG in Greenville SC tonight 630PM     
  Thanks !!!!!!  
 Bravo !! RT  Getting ready to go the Greenville, SC with  to do a presentation about 
  w00t !!!!
 Seven More Easy Ways to Integrate Your Google Apps  
 RT   Which is worse: Not knowing the diff between LXDE and Openbox, or recommending a distro w/o a release i ...
 RT   Anyone want to clue this, ahem "critic" in on what desktop he is looking at? 
 If you can't tell the difference between pure OpenBox & LXDE you probably shouldn't be writing  reviews. 
  Thanks for the props. We really appreciate it !!   and team
 RT   review of  on Everex Cloudbook   
 Google Offers $20,000 and a Laptop for a Chrome Hack  
  Right on !!
  Hit up the community support  
 Sweet !! Let us know if you need anything RT  trying  on my everex cloudbook
 Nice !! RT  Just installed  on one of my media centers. Surprisingly fast install.
  we have little issues with wi-fi. Have you asked in the community forum?? 
  Just saw that. Someone will check it out and assist.
 Hells yes !!!! RT  First tweet from the new laptop.  X201 
 Finally !! Chrome Cloud Print Extension Brings Print-at-Home Powers to Mac and Linux   
  We can address any problem you have on the community support forum 
 "I'm hangin' in there.... Like a hair in a biscuit" 
 RT  Got the official "go ahead" for a particularly dramatic change with the   ed. Details soon 
  Try  if you need assistance  Cheers 
 Password Sync Feature Added to Google Chrome  
 Awesome !! RT  Installing  Ice, want to check it out.
 Adding DVD support to  Ice    
  weird. earlier this AM, that link was down..... all good !!
  The link to the DVD support with  Ice is giving a 503 Error
 Word !! RT  Setting up a climbing buddies desktop with   So far things are going smooth.
  Give us a try. Peppermint Ice gets rave reviews on Netbooks... Let us know if you need anything :)
 Here's a great article  on the differences in  One & Ice  
 You have a CR-48 ?? Would love to hear about it !! RT   If I get some time I'll try to dual boot mine today.
  Let us address that in the community forum  if you haven't already. Lots of folks with answers
 Word on that !! RT  I wish I could get my hands on a CR-48... I'm curious to see how it'll stack up against Peppermint Ice OS.
   base. still chipping away
 Word !! RT  Just finished installing  on my girl friend's laptop. Astalavista    
 RT  Just finished installing  on my girl friend's laptop. Astalavista    
  Rock on !! Give us a try and hit the Forum if you need anything 
 RT  I can confirm that the PAE build of the  kernel in the  testing repo is running great! 
 Reading up on  as a  PaaS 
 Nice !! RT  Navegando pelo Firefox no  Muito bom! Sem contar que posso tweetar direto dele! 
 Time to take  to the next level. The initial email has been sent to kick-start this thing. More news later, kids 
 Netbooks Forever: Peppermint Ice OS [Review]     
 Using 'Minimalist Gmail' with  Ice   by    
 The  says 'Yes' :) RT   Testing for Minimalist Gmail went well then, I take it?
 Minimalist Gmail and Peppermint Ice  
 Word !! RT  Peppermint Linux rocks - the only OS where Firefox is actually fast :)
 Getting Closer: Google Takes Cloud Print Mobile  
  sweet !! I am going to check it out when I get home
  Nice !! Will be checking it out later. Do a write up on it ?? :)
 RT  Cisco's cloud CTO Lew Tucker on the Datacenter of the Future, "Many Clouds" Theory 
 Minimalist Gmail is the Best Gmail Tweak for Chrome Yet. We need a   & Chromium tester? Takers? :)  
  Its true. Gmail.
  !! RT  Planning improved language support for  in  One. :)
 WIN !! RT  Changed my netbook to  ice , Liking it :).    
 Give us a taste !! RT   After reading about it, this sounds like my next option, too! /cc
 WIN !! RT  Digging  for my netbook: It's attractive, it works, and it doesn't complain about my video hardware.
  Let us know if you need anything.... :)
 Install WordPress in Under 5 Minutes  
 Install  locally on  in under 5 Minutes    
  Rock on !!!!
 RT  woot finished another install of  on a second desktop, and peppermintice on a laptop. I love Peppermint  ...
 RT   After 15 days using Ice.... it really is awesome! kids main OS now for surfing the web and playin Mario on Zsnes
 Internet is up but our internal systems are down, a little difficult work sitch here
  !! RT  Just converted  to a  user :-D
 RT  Go to  and find out why I think  is THE best  distribution for netbooks!
  working on that as an option
 Thank you !!!! RT  I'm now officially in love with  !  Great work  & Co.
 RT  Again  hooked up my  to my 24" HD monitor, works very well thanks to  :-D
 Someone made a Peppermint OS *commercial* on YouTube. Feelin the Love !!  
 Peppermint Ice & Productivity   
 The 64-bit Question  
 WIN !! RT  Awesome my new  R101 works perfectly with  , total win!
 RT  pmOS installed and working great so far, and lets not forget it's FAST!!! Thanks a lot for a good lightweight distro :)
 Do It !!! RT   pondering installing pmOS on my brand new eeepc r101 I'm picking up tomorrow....
   RT  Just helped another classmate install  on his laptop.
 How to build programs from latest sources  
 How to build programs from latest sources  
 Hacked NES running  Very cool.   
 Team   snowed in at  NC   Holla at the Nick !!!  !!
 RT  Setzt auf Cloud-Dienste: Peppermint OS One-01042011  
 Good morning kiddos. I survived the birthday party. Now I'm getting some stuff done before work. Going to play with the new laptop shortly
 Peppermint OS One Re-spin is Now Available   
 Peppermint OS One Re-Spin Available   
  the email submit thing suckso unless you are in a pinch
 How To: Setup a Package Repository Using a Dropbox Account  
 Setup a Package Repository Using a Dropbox Account   
 At this time we are not sure RT   Lazy web question: anyone got ICE/One running on a Cr-48?
  Join our forum or you can send an email to support at peppermintos dot com
 How'd it go ?? :) RT   Downloading ICE right know! Wondering what surprises I'm about to find. :)
  Great post man !!
 Some concepts that I can get behind.  
 Community: The Driving Force Behind the OS   
  One Respin will be available in a couple of days. Stay tuned for more details 
 RT  It's official, expect a new  respin in a few days.  RT  Ship it!
 RT  My testing is complete.  is now testing  DEV-046.iso. I think we have the next respin on our hands.
 You go man... RT  About to test  DEV-046.iso.  
 w00t !! RT  downloading  right now... 450MB
 Watch a robot finish a Rubik's Cube in 15 seconds   
 Unhosted: Breaking the SaaS Monopoly     
 Merry Christmas from all of us    
 Noted. RT   Call them out at high noon in front of the water cooler!
 More Nerf weapons have made it into the office. I see an ambush in the near future
 Merry Christmas to  from    - Subscription to Linux Journal !! Udaman !!
 I'm ready for the festivities !! Alcohol tolerance has been boosted and everything. Lets get down with some celebrating !!
 Welcome to the Peppermint Tech Blog  
 Peppermint OS Tech Blog - Bookmark it and get ready for some great developer news and articles  
 Welcome to the Peppermint Tech Blog 
 RT  Gnome-Look.org: Peppermint OS Swirl 1.0 (GNOME Wallpaper 1600x1200) 
 Tonight I go straight home and wrap the rest of the presents..... :)
 The perfect distro for the Acer Aspire One?      
  YES !!! Join our Forum at  and contact us thru there, please
 Thanks !! RT   for the netbook I've been really liking  :)
 if you didn't know Trader Joe's - Irish Breakfast Tea is really tasty.... Mmmmmmmm
 down at the minis house, ankle propped up and hanging out
 Off to take the mini's down the mtn....
 Please connect with   on LinkedIn  
 Awesome animated presentation using only Google Docs   via 
  Yay !!! Rock on !!
 RT   Hope I got you some minty fresh new users tonight with my speech! I'm sad how little ppl understand Linux  ...
 Pianobar: Flash Free, Command Line Pandora Player for   
 Peppermint, Chrome and The Cloud…   
 w00t !!! RT  Gonna rock my class's socks off tomorrow talking abt  Maybe bribe teacher w/peppermints for an A?
 Today Google enabled "Email Delegation"  for Gmail Accounts  
 Cheers !!! RT  is downloading & installing  hopefully it should go smoothly!
 Glad I put on the thermal underwear today 
 Gmail Creator Paul Buchheit: Chrome OS Will Perish Or “Merge” With Android     cc: 
 RT  Now this is pretty cool -  Gingerbread will start using Ext4 
  The intention of  Ice is to run Google Cloud Print, so this is a sign that its almost ready for us..
 Dropbox 1.0 Release Candidate Includes Selective Folder Syncing  
 Google Cloud Print now available for Chrome Dev / Windows  
 it is just gonad shrinkin' cold outside  
 The techs are stripping down fiber-optic cable for garland on out IT Tree 
 RT    Hello.  I love how your OS doesn't come preloaded with extra programs I don't need.
   Christmas Tree  
  Thanks for the kind words !! FTW !!
 RT   Great product, I've installed your OS on several laptops and desktops. Brings older PCs back to life. Thank ...
 PeppermintOS.com & the Forum at .Net are now online. Cloud server must have farted or something. Thanks  - You're the best
 Ankle is doing better so I got up early and did some more unpacking. I need to get my ass in gear and finish cleaning out the house
 the servers for PeppermintOS.com and the Forum are down [if you didn't know already].  is working on getting us back online.
 Thanks  for pointing me to Easy Tether. Great app for  tethering for  Kicks ass w/  ICE
 supposed to get off work in 25 minutes but that looks doubtful, getting hit with a new wave of calls. All I want is a beer 
 How Ten Year Olds Explain Cloud Computing     
 Via  5 Cloud Oriented Operating Systems Available Now    
 We are super thankful for our sponsor  !! Scalable, Self Healing, Cloud Servers... The. Bomb !!
 Happy Thanksgiving from    !!
 Oh yeah.... RT  Really delighted that  works very well with Skype. Video and everything!
 If you missed it last night  and  interview w/  on Geotagging and Security 
 Tomorrow night WLOS 11PM News  &  interview w/  on Geo-tagging and security.. Tune In !!
 Word.... RT   Try  on it instead of Ubuntu. Much faster... 
  Working on the Broadcom front, we are well aware. Cheers !! :)
 RT  Follow Friday:  The OS of Champions!
  Please seek help at our Forum, lots of resources and people to assist 
 Either. ICE is snappier, IMO RT   which version of peppermint would better for a low memory laptop (256mb)?
 Awesome !! RT   I just installed on my netbook and love it... thinking about using it run my media center too.
 BOOYAH !! RT   +   = WORK BEING DONE, MAN.   
 Create a Highly Organized, Synch'd Home Folder w/ Dropbox 
