 You might be tested by today's expressive Leo New Moon's prese... More for Capricorn 
 Aebleskiver! ( The Red Viking Restaurant) 
 Just hanging out. ( Solvang Brewing Company) 
 Grubbing it up. ( Shoreline Beach Cafe) 
 It's cool and drizzly, but it's cute that people are still roughing it with tank tops and shorts. 
 If you are thinking about furthering your education, this is a... More for Capricorn 
 Trying this place out. ( Draughts Restaurant & Bar) 
 Buying stuff. ( Camarillo Premium Outlets w/ 2 others) 
 I'm at The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf®  (487 North Moorpark Road, Wilbur, Thousand Oaks) 
 Relationships may feel like they're playing out on a battlegro... More for Capricorn 
 I'm at McCormick 11 (14007-14009 Crenshaw Blvd, Hawthorne) 
  I will try to find out shat LA city's numbers are. I know they average about 550 transports a day.
  the county is cracking down on transport services, so I don't suspect it's that. Dont know about others. Interesting though.
  my agency projected a annual 5% increase in 911 call volume over this decade, but has actually seen a decrease. 
  I'm at work today, but I'll try put together a pretty comprehensive email for you.
 You may need to deal with a few surprises in your personal lif... More for Capricorn 
  kinda. I'll read the story tomorrow at work.
 Need to wake up at 4am for work. Can't stay up watching classic James Bond all night.
 I just became the mayor of Jason's Honda & Acura on  
 Keeping the car happy and healthy ( Jason's Honda & Acura) 
 It's my day off, but I'm working. I love my job(s) ( Lifesaver Education) 
  very happy that you like it.
  oh, thank you, sir. It's been on the back burner for to long.
 You may want to talk today instead of doing your work, but too... More for Capricorn 
  Of course. I'll contact you tomorrow. Have a good night.
 You are easily distracted today and may be unable to stay focu... More for Capricorn 
  140 characters is not enough for a appropriate response.
  all the time. as long as it's in the same 7 day period.
  nice. I sent them a DM. Wait and see now.
  lots of cool stuff just from poking around. But hoping to email or skype with someone from Zoll who really knows what's up
 Any one know how to tweak the Zoll rescue net system to it's fullest potential? We are going deep in the features today.
 You can find pleasure in nearly anything you do now, making yo... More for Capricorn 
 "hey do we have a stick or something to poke the DVD player with?" -John Cross. ^ we actually do, go figure. 
 First the OG  movie, now Batman, perhaps Labyrinth after that. Movie day at work  w/ 
 Having faith in yourself is crucial, but too much confidence i... More for Capricorn 
  thanks 
   thank you for the 
  thanks buddy. You too
  dude, my next day off is Tuesday.
 Helping a coworker out by coming in early for them is fine, waking up at 3:30am to do it... That's kinda rough. No traffic at least.
 You feel confident that your methodical approach will help you... More for Capricorn 
 Margarita specials! I agree with this. ( El Torito) 
 Airline tickets booked for  Expo in 
 The Moon's opposition to your key planet Saturn puts you in to... More for Capricorn 
  yeah, dude. For real.
   Hear, sheriff is tan and green. But Fire, EMS (which Is often fire) and police are all dark navy.
  haha! That's my other job.
  green jumpsuits?
  true. At least they thought u wad a cop and not security guard...
 Came home from work still in uniform, went out to get the mail, and was called "policeman" by two people. Yep... That's it is sometimes.
 After casual, all be it frequent exposure to  as of late, I have determined that the San Francisco Giants are the hairiest team.
 Lost of false structure fires, and long responses without transport. ( McCormick 11) 
 The hectic pace increases throughout the day, making it diffic... More for Capricorn 
 Night, peeps
 We are ahead of schedule thanks to another paramedic helping me teach. ( Lifesaver Education) 
 Go juice. ( Starbucks) 
 It's challenging to manage your schedule today as the diffusiv... More for Capricorn 
 In traffic ( 405 Freeway) 
 You aren't averse to floating around in the realms of your ima... More for Capricorn 
  sounds awesome.
 Freaking tired. And wanting another four day vacation.
 Painting and plastering.
 Two new EMTs in my class today. Nice. ( Lifesaver Education) 
 You could be a bit confused about your financial picture today... More for Capricorn 
 I'm at AMC Promenade 16 (6100 Topanga Canyon Blvd, Oxnard St, Woodland Hills) w/ 6 others 
 Personal trainer asked me, "is it bad when a client gets pale and can't breath?"... Err yeah, they should sit down. 
  that's great.
 “ I will be buried in a spring loaded casket filled with confetti, and a future archeologist will have one awesome day at work.”
 2nd class of the day. I hope this group does as well as the 1st. ( Lifesaver Education) 
 Teaching the physical rehab students. ( USC University Hospital) 
 You don't want to be caught up in a whirlwind of intense activ... More for Capricorn 
  No doubt the fine people of Lynwood were blessed by BLS yet again.
  nice use if the hash tags. And also. Fine work on the Moorpark incident this afternoon.
   “ UPDATE - The fire near Moorpark is now at 50 acres with 20% containment. ”
 RT  UPDATE - The fire near Moorpark is now at 50 acres with 20% containment. Full containment is expected about...  ...
 Great job from Firefighters & helicopter pilots of  and  who made quick work of a wildland fire near my house this afternoon
 Someone with authority may require your support today. Thankfu... More for Capricorn 
  I know. Don't think I'm going to make to this one.
 Big Thanks to  for hosting another great  podcast.  
 You might claim that you aren't trying to get ahead at work no... More for Capricorn 
 The  girls "bothering" the Hawthorne dispatcher.  
 The  girls came to the station :-) so cool. 
   can't wait to see what's next.
  oh, never mind. I thought you said "home team". 
  France?
  oh.. Alright then.
  I meant more like people thinking they should be "friends" when you put them as "accuantsnce"
  True. I like the feature  Any issues with potential politics/drama of who's in what circle?
  I think it's a good platform. Guess it just takes a little getting used to.
 Hello  I only seem to use you at work. And only for a token post at that. Run the metrics on that, Google...
 And we are already talking about  ( McCormick 11) 
 You are most content when your feet are firmly planted on stab... More for Capricorn 
  just teaching some CPR
 I'm at Lifesaver Education (1510 Huntington Dr, South Pasadena) 
 You may feel lonely today as loving Venus in your 7th House of... More for Capricorn 
   I know it's not easy at all.
  dispatch translation: traffic collision with persons trapped. = won't get out or open car door.
 Paradoxically, you may be very talkative today, even though yo... More for Capricorn 
  around the world in 80 days in my pants 
  mrs doubtfire in my pants 
  the king and I in my pants 
  no country for old men, in my pants 
   Clear and present danger, in my pants 
  your new favorite hash tag. 
   I know, right? ;:-/
   Batman begins, in my pants 
  that one is just... I don't know, unsettling
  well done, sir
  you are like 2min from my house. But I'm on shift today.
  not at the moment. But I guess this tweet contradicts that statement
 It's crucial to reestablish your center today, especially if y... More for Capricorn 
 You aren't happy about dealing with someone if you know that h... More for Capricorn 
 If you are a fan of the Long way round  touring Series, you  should check out, GlobeRiders.
 Instead of taking a STEMI pt to a cath lab 6mi down the road, they will be in a helicopter going 50mi to a county hospital. 
 9-5ers, en joy your weekend. I'll be here till Monday night. ( McCormick 11) 
 A close relationship can be a source of worry today, especiall... More for Capricorn 
 "Bourbon and beans, an explosive combination..." - Cpt James Kirk.  V
 It's rather unsettling if you're attracted to the exact same i... More for Capricorn 
 It's late, and I'm tired. But a good old friend and Ambu partner is moving to Reno tomorrow am. So I need to give him a good send off.
 Doing it big... Or doing something at least. ( McCormick 11) 
 Ironically, it's easier to have fun today if you also have res... More for Capricorn 
 I'm at Lenscrafters 
 Ah yes. :) ( Peet's Coffee & Tea) 
 I'm at Citibank (33 N. Moorpark Rd, Thousand Oaks) 
 So you may not really care where I'm running a round to today, but I want  points. Soooo yeah
 You're often the champion of organization and planning because... More for Capricorn 
  nice. Hope she finds a good gig
  why did she move out here?
  Near LAX. Crenshaw bl/Rosecrans ave if you know the area.
 Happy 4th! I want you to try really hard to not spend you holiday in the back of one of my ambulances, or starting the next major wild fire.
 Ah crap
 The Spiderman underwear clearly represent my level of laundry preparedness for this week.    
 You can comfortably demonstrate your competence today without ... More for Capricorn 
 RT  Rebels: don't think of it as "being thrown from the airlock", think of it as "Ghost Riding the Spaceship". 
   Its a very short story, and worth the read.
 Today you may be expected to manage a complex issue that invol... More for Capricorn 
 Two new books, and a fine end to a nice evening ( Borders) 
 
 Your somber attitude may be misinterpreted today as incurable ... More for Capricorn 
  that's a good question. I know I'll be in vegas for expo. Not sure about NorCal though.
  :-)
  EMS moms.     
 An overly emotional interaction with a friend or partner today... More for Capricorn 
 I see dead people... ( Lifesaver Education) 
 You don't like it when a friend or partner is holding out on y... More for Capricorn 
 Star Wars, and a glass of Spanish 	 Grenache'. 
  so true.
 Chilling. It's a good thing. 
 And boom goes the dynamite... ( McCormick 11) 
 Everyone at work may get on your nerves because no one is doin... More for Capricorn 
 I'm here for plastic storage bins. Not stretchy pants. ( Walmart) 
 Another BLS class today. Let's get pumping. ( Lifesaver Education) 
 No matter how tired you are today, almost nothing will prevent... More for Capricorn 
 At the grind house. ( McCormick 11) 
 You may be growing more certain that you're the only one who k... More for Capricorn 
 Home finally. 5hrs of sleep, here I come. Then back on the job.
 Yes please. ( Starbucks) 
 It isn't easy today to stick to your customary role of being t... More for Capricorn 
 Had mom (  ) and sis (  ) over for dinner tonight. 
  yeah, dude. Going home now. Only on a 12hr today.
  well done, you. Hope the night is kind to you
 So sleepy. :-/ 4hrs of sleep is not the best practice. 
 Anyone selling a baseball team? How much.
 You may be quite eager to get going today, but it's not yet ti... More for Capricorn 
  Thank you for the RT, Sir. :)
 My agency's band from ST 18. "Shock Advised" All EMTs and Paramedics. Show'em some Love  Hope you are watching
  just did. very refreshing.
 My agency's band from ST 18. "Shock Advised" All EMTs and Paramedics. Show'em some Love    Live right now.
 RT  Nitrous has to be the most expensive and inefficient way to get slightly high for a little bit. And now we just took  ...
 Pro to coming to this part of town at this time of day: lots of free parking. Con: lots of freaky Friday traffic. Oh look! A Ferrari.
 The worst seat at   
  wow. Too much for me. I start to boarder on palpitations after 16oz of coffee
 Three cups of tea really interferes with your anti-diuretic hormone...  
 You may be caught up in the stress of the moment as you consid... More for Capricorn 
 You may be stepping onto unfamiliar ground today as you strugg... More for Capricorn 
 Escorting the Pug on his nightly neighborhood urinations. 
 You may fool your workmates today by pretending to be busier t... More for Capricorn 
  oh no, sir. Never have.
 Sparsely armed with a smart haircut, worn in boots, and rolly chair of tolerable discomfort. I will do my part to protect this great land.
 
 A nurse from one of ERs I used to transport to is in my class.  ( Lifesaver Education) 
 Your key planet Saturn presents you with a complex dilemma tod... More for Capricorn 
 3 1/2 hrs left on shift, then back home. It's been a better day then expected. 
 I don't often listen to  , but when I do, I listen to Dragon Force. 
 Seeking pleasure while at work can also improve your self-este... More for Capricorn 
 Out with the lady, my dear friend, Tyler, and his son, Noah. Good times ( Islands Restaurant) 
 Good old train  
 Haven't been here in probably 20 years. ( Travel Town Train Museum) 
 I just unlocked the "Historian" badge on  
 I'm at Mambos Cafe (1701 Victory Blvd, Western, Glendale) 
 They might just be really drunk... Try to wake them up before starting chest compressions ( Lifesaver Education) 
 Teaching some CPR in the morning, then an afternoon out with, Daddeo
 You might be obsessing about a friend or partner today, whethe... More for Capricorn 
 An unexpected interaction with a friend today might reveal tha... More for Capricorn 
 Glass of argentine wine, and a classic episode of TopGear. Heaven on a couch.
 So Fro-Yo, Bro. :-) ( yogurtland) 
  "I tweet, there for I am."  
  if that's true, then for the time being, I'm one of them... :-/
 Have you noticed that people at the DMV (employees & customers) seem to exist only at the DMV, and nowhere else in society?
 Oh joy... ( DMV Pasadena Office) 
 Call 911, push hard and fast. ( Lifesaver Education) 
 Although obligations quickly fill up your schedule, you still ... More for Capricorn 
 You may run into a roadblock if you try to take responsibility... More for Capricorn 
 Home town goes green.  Goes Green with First-of-Its-Kind Hybrid Crew Carriers 
 Hello ( McCormick 11) 
 You typically handle your responsibilities early in the day so... More for Capricorn 
 The pursuit of love may be unsatisfying today if an unattainab... More for Capricorn 
 Home now. Pups walked, I'm fed and watered, PJ pants set to chillaxin, and I don't need to wake up 4am. Yes, and now for Netflix.
 Really looking forward to not needing to wake up at 4am for work tomorrow.
 You have enough common sense to recognize that one of your pet... More for Capricorn 
  it goes; "what's the worsted you've seen?" or "great, so you can save me".
  you and my Sup would get along very well.
 If I offered you a slice of cake for breakfast, you'd think I was crazy. But you'll eat two doughnuts without hesitation.
 Your ability to stay on course may be tested today, but you sh... More for Capricorn 
 Party of 6 at 7:30. Right now it's just me... I'll hang out at the pizza bar. ( Romano's Macaroni Grill) 
 The game of LIFE, Pirates eddition. nice way to spend an hour 
 "why does it smell like a Macy's in here?" -Q 
 Although it may be your day off today, your focus is still on ... More for Capricorn 
 *gulp gulp, munch munch :) ( Howies Bar And Grill w/ 3 others) 
 Finally home. Time for some R&R
  best I can do us say hi over twitter. Sorry I'm not there. But i hope you all have a great time.
 My sister  leaves for  in an hour. Wishing her well. Say hi if you're in town.
 Best to not rush in to quick, I'll be here all weekend. ( McCormick 11) 
 You're in for a bit of melodrama today as your plans stumble o... More for Capricorn 
 It's my been my heavy work load week. So I may have missed a tweet or two. Gnight, folks. Tweet ya tomorrow.
 Heard someone say: "so I was on Facebook minding my own business." that's just funny to me.
 Warrior Mars crosses swords with powerful Pluto in your sign t... More for Capricorn 
 Took the 101 to the 23 home today to see if it was faster... A nicer drive, but no. Not faster.
 Working...
 You are at a fork in the road and events at work may create a ... More for Capricorn 
 I'm at Costco (2660 Park Center Drive, Cochran St, Simi Valley) 
 It may feel as if your schedule has become so busy that it's g... More for Capricorn 
 So sleepy...
 Rock, Paper, Scissor tournament to choose a lunch gofer. ( McCormick 11) 
 6 more hours of  . Then I get to experience my new commute.
 Don't be afraid to ask for help navigating through unfamiliar ... More for Capricorn 
 So happy to be out with the family ( Don Cuco Mexican Restaurant) 
 Weird bringing in a patient to the ER off duty. So this is the waiting room... ( Simi Valley Hospital w/ 2 others) 
  LOL. Just the essentials.
  The last for me will actually be the boxes in the garage of my currant/old place. That's a an episode of trash or treasurer.
  It is. I'v done a lot in the last few days, But today is the heavy stuff. But I'm into it
  yo yo, whats good wid'it, Freddy?
 Waiting for my sister's friend to arrive with his truck so I can start the bulk of my furniture moving into my new place.
 You may be struggling today as you try to decide whether to sh... More for Capricorn 
 I'm at Chronic Tacos (collins, moorpark) 
 At least 2", and 100 per min or faster. ( Lifesaver Education) 
 You have quite a bit of work on your plate for the week ahead,... More for Capricorn 
 RT  If you're a decent gal and your boyfriend is on a 1st name basis with the cops from his many gang arrests, its time f ...
 Just got a check for $35 from the california EMS authority. Not sure why. No complaints though. Thanks 
 You may be annoyed today about having to deal with associates ... More for Capricorn 
 Random, but true thought of the evening: it would be pretty cool to be friends with, Michael Jordan. Good night, peeps.
 RT  CHPsouthern: New/expectant parents in Arcadia area can attend free child safety seat class hosted by…  ...
 Thats not suspicious... RT  Portland Fire responds to four overnight blazes across the city bit.ly/ipLj2s
 And another  to  .
 Big   to mi madre 
 Keeping the wheels turning. ( Jason's Honda & Acura) 
 It's not easy to remain serious today, even if you have critic... More for Capricorn 
 Apple pie, then bed. Hello four days off. Kinda...
 Been thinking. Which means I'll be  . Now to just find the time.
  very. I couldn't imagine.
  for sure. I'm exceeded just to hear about. Nice, Dude
 You may assume that shifting your attitude will be enough to m... More for Capricorn 
 It would be nice if my dad could text message. :-/
     thinking of you guys.
 Class one of two. Will be back here at 1730 today.  ( Lifesaver Education) 
 Setting your goals early today can help you be even more produ... More for Capricorn 
 *snif snif* I really hope my neighbor is smoking a cigarette. Because if he's not, that means my laundry might be on fire...
 Went in to use the bathroom, ended up playing ping pong with the crew for 20mim ( McCormick 11) 
  copy
  oohhh. I'll talk to him.
  ;:-/ umm, can I be fired from something I did not know I was on? This might need more the tweets to understand.
 RT    is known to some as "Decoration Day," as mourners honored the  dead by decorating th ...
  when what? When I'll be in TX? idk
  wow. Ok.
  I know. One question at a time.
  that's great! Big CONGRATS. Taking practice tests? Don't stress, you'll be fine
  sounds good. Not sure when I'll be out that way, but you'll hear about it.
  it is. Busy, some changes. But all for the greater good.
  oh, not at all, Sir
  i am well. And you?
 Topa tha mornin to ya . ( McCormick 11) 
 It's time to shatter another Capricorn myth. You may be the be... More for Capricorn 
  algorithms, ECG strips, and drugs. And no stress.
  find out what year guidelines you'll be tested on and learn that. Then learn the "neat to know" bits after the test
  AHA is the standard. If you medic book is < 5yo it should reflect the currant guidelines. Stick with it. ACLS is fun.
 Crazy ending to the  it's not over till you cross the line.
  for sure. It was a good move to bring  to Indy a few years back, so this should be good.
 Remember the CART Series? Those were the days. 
 Time for the  . open wheel racing in America really needs something. Ideas?
 Oh yeass ( Starbucks) 
 If you attended to your work when you should have, now you get... More for Capricorn 
   that's nice. Here it's just RINGGGG! :-0
  it's true. Sleeping   a HR of 60, to awake and HR to 100 +, it's tough. Then add a constant infusion of caffeine...
  yeah, that sucks. Really important to manage stress and keep a healthy lifestyle. And sleep.
 RT  Posterior leads V7-V9 FAIL  One more reason to take ST-depression in V1-V3 seriously!   ...
  thanks.. I can't unimagine that now.
 I'm at McCormick 11 (14007-14009 Crenshaw Blvd, Hawthorne) 
 You may believe that you don't have to follow every rule to th... More for Capricorn 
 Mmmm ( California Pizza Kitchen w/ 4 others) 
 Thank you for the     you guys rock :)
  ewww. Not the business, sir. I'd stay out even if it was open.
  looks like someone who may end up in, and or contribute to need for others to be in my Ambulance.
 "Why is it called a bag valve mask?"  Because it's a bag, a valve, and a mask... Start bagging! 
 The feisty Aries Moon battles with unrelenting Pluto, raising ... More for Capricorn 
  why the  rocks!
 It's tricky for you to balance your need to be creative today ... More for Capricorn 
  tru dat. Fixed it now. Was thinking red hot chili peppers.
 Picking up lunch for the dispatchers. ( In-N-Out Burger) 
 RT  Everyone gripes about it taking 10yrs to kill Bin Laden. Cobra Commander has been on the lamb for 25yrs! 
 Your methodical approach to work may not be as effective as yo... More for Capricorn 
 Ok. So this is cool 
  for real.
 Today I learned if you park your car on the street between 8am-10am on a tuesday you must give the city of  $68. 
 You don't know what to do as the Moon joins indecisive Neptune... More for Capricorn 
 Travel channel's new show, Off Limits is great. Loving the   episode.
 Home! :-)
 RT  High five a stranger... 
  oooo. Shiny. The new window to the future. 
  well done sir
 You are quite concerned with doing the right thing now because... More for Capricorn 
 Having a fun night out with the family. ( Islands Restaurant) 
 I'm at Americas Teaching Zoo (7075 Campus Road, Moorpark) 
 Coffee and cheesecake at  after an afternoon of looking at condos and apartments.
 You can grow anxious when you misinterpret what's happening in... More for Capricorn 
 RT  If you didn't think of a good rapture joke don't worry, it's not the end of the world.
 The sad part is that enough people actually made the mistake often enough that a sign was needed.  
 Snip snip, cut cut, buzz buzz. ( Baxter Finley Barber & Shop) 
 I don't know where you are, but it is s beautiful spring/summer day here. 
 CPR might be a good thing to know. Seeing as it's the rapture and all. ( Lifesaver Education) 
 You are still enjoying the pleasurable benefits of three plane... More for Capricorn 
 Ghost town Starbucks = :-( Jer  
 I'm in the fist aid office till 0030. come on down and say what's up. ( Los Angeles Convention Center) 
  socal medics and firefighters        
  the mayor of hotdog island. 
 You are at the top of your creative game today because your em... More for Capricorn 
 For reasons unknown, but without objection from me. There are  cupcakes in my fridge. 
 The Moon's monthly return to your sign today empowers you to e... More for Capricorn 
 Out with the ladyfriend. And on the start of 4 days off. ( Romano's Macaroni Grill) 
 EMT and Paramedic band from the boys out of ST 18 at EMS appreciation BBQ.  
 L.A county radio with direct line back to 1975.    
 Let's make it happen. ( McCormick 11) 
 Playing down your confidence is one way of sneaking in below t... More for Capricorn 
 Some late night nosh. ( In-N-Out Burger) 
   on a side note: on our run sheets  is the code for behavioral emergency.
 You may be overloaded with commitments because today's Scorpio... More for Capricorn 
 EMS appreciation week BBQ at HQ. Good times. ( McCormick 11) 
 Yup. ( McCormick 11) 
 Some people mistakenly think that you Mountain Goats don't kno... More for Capricorn 
  it was just like that, but folk music. There are some more raves coming up on the summer. We will meet again.
  yeah, dude. Hundreds of them. It was a sight.
  it wasn't so bad... For the first 6hrs
 Was off the interwebs today. Worked medical standby at a banjo festival, and there wasn't any cell/3G service. Hope you all had a nice day.
 Allow extra time today to acknowledge that your life is less c... More for Capricorn 
 I'm at McCormick 11 (14007-14009 Crenshaw Blvd, Hawthorne) 
 The radiant Sun and energetic Mars are now dancing through you... More for Capricorn 
 Just went over the pathophys of neonatal metabolic acidosis at the phone request of a friend and his wife.  goodnight, All.
 Back home, and I think the gym Is what's needed now.
  no opinion yet. We'll see.
 Learning how to work with the  rescue net system.
 Getting acquainted to my new station. ( McCormick 11) 
 You may be angry if someone sends you mixed signals today, ask... More for Capricorn 
 Good BLS class tonight. First class I've had where an M.D scored in the 90% range.
 A little CPR to wake me up. Hopefully ( Lifesaver Education) 
 Hike time. ( Lake Piru) 
 Someone may be very attuned to you today, but you could be so ... More for Capricorn 
     thanks guys. It's all good.
 In the last 48 hrs, I've  had some really stressful incidences on the job.  After a two meetings at HQ, I'm feeling much better now.
 Your friends might think that you're overreacting by turning a... More for Capricorn 
 Lots and lots of cookies! ( Panera Bread - Studio City) 
 Not a call all night. A really nice way to close out an honestly unpleasant day. Planing to make today much better. 
 Your anxiety runs deep now because you know how important it i... More for Capricorn 
  Big fire in south central/Vernon? Could see the header from LAX.
 Life seems overly complicated, especially if you're eager to s... More for Capricorn 
 Always full bars, Unlimited calls, 3G booster, and it was free. Now that's whats good with it.  
 Petrol for the car, RedBull for me. Two kinds of Go Juice with one goal, to get me home. Oh yeah, happy mothers day. 
 Pt got drunk, fell asleep on roof, rolled off of roof... Trauma. 
 The Moon's visit to your 7th House of Partners can bring a hig... More for Capricorn 
  no. But Come on down to lynwood though.
 Delicious. ( Tacos DF) 
 I just ousted Jessica M. as the mayor of Tacos DF on  
 Handling it. ( McCormick Ambulance: Station 8 (The Ocho)) 
 A close friend or partner may seem overly emotional today, pro... More for Capricorn 
 Some Real Time with Bill Marr, then off to bed. Gnight tweeps.
  standard... *shakes head*
 You may not be able to shut off your thinking now while ingeni... More for Capricorn 
 Management took us out to lunch today. It's really shaping up to be a nice shift. 
   thanks guys :)
  return of spontaneous circulation. (Got pulsed back) my partners an EMT
 Full arrest to start the shift off. Also, my partner's first ROSC. Great job, kev.   
 As a general rule, information isn't something you collect unl... More for Capricorn 
  my liver already hurts just thinking about it.
 Okay, Romper Stomper. You go do that... 
 Lets do this, people. ( Lifesaver Education) 
 It's often hard for others to argue with your sense of authori... More for Capricorn 
 Some episodes of  then off to bed.
 So I went to the beach today, and it's going to sound silly, but I forgot how sandy it is.
 I'm at Leo Carrillo State Beach (35000 Pacific Coast Hwy  at Muholland Hwy, Malibu) 
 Packing the car for an afternoon beach trip with the pups.
 You may express yourself without a lot of forethought today, b... More for Capricorn 
 Sometimes being a hardworking Capricorn really does pays off. ... More for Capricorn 
