 RT  . searched the web to see how easy it is to watch stolen films/TV. Answer: Easy.  ...
 Get the facts on PROTECTIP.  Content theft hurts creators, jobs, the economy    
 I like 
 RT  Our new fact sheet is great for sharing online AND offline. Print and display!     ...
 Cablevision amicus brief largely backs studios in Zediva case 
 Content theft hits home 0705onlinepiracy    
 I like   
 RT  Industry groups form anti-piracy org - from   
 RT  From the  blog: PROTECT IP Letter from Law Professors Didn’t Do its Homework 
   White House praises new agreement to protect creative content from theft.   
 RT  I told Congress to join the fight against content theft by passing the PROTECT IP Act.   ...
 RT  Content theft threatens over 2mil jobs in the film & television industry in all 50 states & D.C.   ...
 RT  A message to folks in the biz -- stop content theft. save jobs. join   
 RT  I support  America - the entertainment community united to fight content theft:   ...
 America’s Creators Join Together in New Partnership to Fight Content Theft  
 RT  Creative America launches today - an entertainment community-wide coalition against digital theft. A voice for content. http ...
 RT  Just got this from SAG - Creative America - The Entertainment Community United to Fight Content Theft 
 RT  I support  America - the entertainment community united to fight content theft:   ...
 RT  Creative America - The Entertainment Community United to Fight Content Theft   
 RT  “Coalition of guilds, unions and entertainment companies give voice to Creative America…  
 RT  SAG Partners with Entertainment Industry to Launch Creative America -- Initiative Aimed at Eliminating Content Theft h ...
 RT  Exciting step forward in the fight against content theft. Join  at CreativeAmerica.org and help 
 RT  Copyright industries are building broad support for fighting  including mayors & cities  via ...
 Nice piece on three good movies. NYTimes: Catch That Reference? There’ll Be a Quiz 
 RT  Creative Community Responds to New York Times on PROTECT IP 
 RT  Another step fwd for content creators    RT  Senate Panel OKs Felony Streaming Ac ...
 RT  LA Chamber Adds Their Support to  Act 
 RT  Straightforward rationale as to why we need to pass laws to protect creators from online piracy.   ...
 RT  Bipartisanship still happens. Both parties want to stop online theft & protect jobs.    ...
 RT  Cut off the blood supply to online pirates (who profit from their theft)//Follow the Money, Part II  ...
 RT  RT  Creativity comes in many forms, the Copyright Alliance writes    
 RT  Film and TV Workers to Wyden: Don’t Play Political Games with Entertainment Jobs    
 RT  4 entertainment union leaders ask AFL-CIO members to take action against content theft:   IP 
 RT  Excellent news report on ICE's Operation in Our Sites and the breadth of  
 RT  Key Senate Committee passes PROTECT IP Act!  Great news for creative community.   
 RT  Whether you get it on the street or on the Web, digital piracy & counterfeit products are not victimless crimes.  ...
 How to Generate Huge Petition Numbers Against a Bill that Protects American Workers and Businesses     
 RT  Constitutional Expert: ‘Copyright Violations Are Not Protected by the First Amendment’     
 RT  Want to know why online piracy is so out of control (hint $$$)? Watch -- Who Profits from Piracy?  ...
 RT   Google's comments also anger all the "little people" who are impacted by online theft (piracy) every day.  ...
 RT  Eric Schmidt says Google doesn't care what the Congress thinks:       ...
 China piracy cost US firms $48 billion in 2009: report | Reuters  via 
 Rogue sites a threat to small business and innovation | The Daily Caller  via 
 RT   Sen Whitehouse sponsoring the PROTECT IP act enabling unilateral web censorship by the DHS, RIAA, and MPAA  ...
 :  Sen. Leahy showing true leadership supporting  creatiive community workers and businesses  IP
 I like 
 Artists Against Digital Theft Educates, Arms and Unites Creators Online 
 RT  Check out the launch of our new "Rogue Sites of the Week" campaign! 
 And, They're Off: Washington's Big Weekend - Wilshire & Washington on Variety.com 
 Hilarious and thought-provoking article on file-sharing/printing money 
 Nice comments by Senator Dodd, MPPA chief, on Gregory Peck Commemorative Stamp 
 I like 
 Is PR the second most stressful job in the US? - PRWeek US 
 Mike McCurry -- Driving the Internet and the American economy forward - FierceTelecom  
 Online piracy: Bipartisan effort in Congress takes aim at online piracy - latimes.com 
 I like 
 Gregory Peck's "To Kill a Mockingbird" specs shine on stamp, and in a LA Library fundraiser   via 
 Chris Castle on so-called innovators who are really parasites. Can creators call 911?  via 
 Nice PSA on the impact of content theft on jobs in NYC YouTube - Antipiracy PSA:  via 
 I like 
 Nice piece: Pols, Hollywood Moguls Cheer 'Rio' And The State's Film Tax Credits - Courant.com:  via 
 RT  MPAA's Chris Dodd: Piracy Is "Single Biggest Threat We Face as an Industry"
 In contrast to media industry’s struggles, a boom for those who cover Congress - The Washington Post  via 
 I like 
 Interesting development.  European Public Policy Blog: Keeping counterfeits out of ads:  via 
 And The Winner Is… - Innovation Policy Blog:  via 
 Nice piece on tired rhetoric. The Copyright Alliance Blog » Blog Archive » Stuck on Rewind:  via 
 I like 
 Floyd Abrams Backs Proposed Anti-Piracy Law - Wilshire & Washington on Variety.com  via 
 
 NYTimes: Would the Bard Have Survived the Web? 
 RT  Today Senator Leahy launches his official Facebook and Twitter pages.  Follow him to receive timely updates on the iss ...
 RT  This is what blood libel means:  "I do not think it means what you think it means"  ...
 RT  A Sensible Compromise | The Harvard Crimson    Good, thoughtful piece.
 Ten American Whiskeys that Made the World News in 2010 a Bit Less Unbearable 
 RT Worth read "The Chilling Effect of Copyright Infringement" 
 Dianne Feinstein: Partisanship on New START treaty may hurt national security - latimes.com 
  Special Reuters report on Piracy and Counterfeiting in China
 WSJ.com - Building a More Resilient Brain   another reason to finally learn Spanish
 RT  Arts + Labs Statement on Google's Effort to Block "Rogue Online Pharmacies" - The ArtLab: 
 Check out Google Ads on Rogue Sites  
 Check out Opposing Blu-Ray Piracy  
 Nice piece on  John Stewart and the Daily Show   
 RT  Blogged: 'Copyhype' joins the blogosphere: Just a quick plug for the new copyright blog "Copyhype," by recent law ... h ...
  What's up, buddy?
 RT  Google, Microsoft, Sony etc. provide ad $$$ income  to pirates. MPAA where are you?      ...
 Great sendup on Blomkvist and Salander 
 RT  Copyright Alliance FINALLY gets on Twitter: 
 In effort to protect movies from theft, FCC Allows Movie Studios to Block Copying of New Video-on-Demand Releases  
 RT  AtlanticWire: A fresh way to look at the news.    Provides a nice way to keep up on the pundits!
 Good piece in the Atlantic on how journalism is being superseded by the quest for ammunition  
 George Skelton, LATimes:  best plan for modest, doable reform in California:  
 Interesting take on Sarah Palin's attack on "thin"  starlets who stand up for wildlife.  
 RT  Where is PR Blogging heading?  Brian Solis vs Steve Rubel   Interesting questions.
 RT  beautiful photos and narrative on nyc's high end pizza.  (  Great eating!
 GAO latest Federal Agency turning to social media to connect with public .  
 Is California "ungovernable?" or is there still hope?  
 Please join the campaign to support Aung San Suu Kyi, Burma's detained democracy leader, on her 64th birthday today  
 Good info especially  for Hill press folks on White House use of twitter/fb to spread word about Cairo speech 
 Have Nats vs. Mets tickets tonight.  Any clues on stopping the rain?
 Nice piece by Michael Wolff in VF on Obama press shop's relation to the media (feeding and friending he dinosaurs  
 Nice Kennedy oped in Boston Globe on healthcare reform.  The time is now! 
 Washington was at its best today - just beautiful.  Took a break for yoga at noon.   Went there on my bike.  Great day for being outdoors.
 Just read GQ story on Rumsfeld's religious briefings for President Bush. Troubling! Check out slideshow!  
 Looking forward to Star Trek tonight.  Have even started watching reruns on SciFi channel again.
 In California, filling the void left by downsized newsrooms   check it out
 RT  Could this B next SusanBoyle'sh feel good video?  Loved it.  Thanks!
 RT  alexconant:  Must watch interview of Sarah Palin on bear: 
 Half asleep at 5 a.m., hearing first mosquito buzzing of the season and realizing summer was here in DC
 Nice day, long walk with family and dog around Capitol Hill, capped off with margaritas and fajitas. Pleasure comes easy.
