 MT   Our1st campaign trail intvu w/   in OH w/ Romney tdy. 
 Just watching  now.  The jib cam shot of the Capitol is 
 Ummm. Having the Speaker ask you to leave a room and use your name to do it is pretty cool.  
 RT  New Boehner  bill from the CBO: 
 CBO estimates that the amended Boehner debt ceiling bill: "would reduce budget deficits by about $915 billion between 2012 and 2021."
 RT  30 min until  from   
 And now we're in a holding pattern for the new CBO numbers.
 RT  NBC’s been roaming CapHill tdy for  a 1-hour special this Sun. NYT's  explains: 
 Now I know how  gets his scoops.  That guy is always around a corner.  
  said to reporters after GOP Conference meeting that members are rallying around  debt ceiling bill.
 Oh and Nsync RT  Morning music selections included: florence and te machine, foo fighters and muse.
 Morning music selections included: florence and te machine, foo fighters and muse.
 Why isn't neil patrick harris my friend?
   called Asia for me & markets seem normal now. The 3% drop was from Monday (Shanghai time) because of a train crash.
 Ok as of 9:46pET the Shanghai Composite is only down 0.34% so take that as you will.  I'm getting out of the  business now.
 As of 9pET the Shanghai Composite is down almost 3%.  Now  explain what that means to the public.
 Waiting now for  response.  It will also be carried live by  on NBC. 
 Hoped he would tell the country where to text their answer on the q of compromise and reveal the winner after Boehner spoke.
 RT  If not by a TV for President Obama and Speaker Boehner speeches, here is link. LIVE VIDEO: 
 RT  POTUS promises not to bore us w/ all the various proposals. 
  MT  Brian Williams to report day-in-the-life on Capitol Hill: 
 MT   will carry both POTUS &  speeches live. 9pET. BWilliams,    rprt
 Larson and other Dems continued to speak out against a solution that doesn't raise debt ceiling enough to get past 2012 election.
 Rep. Larson accused GOP of playing "high theatre" with debt ceiling at a Dem presser earlier tdy. Said, "This isn't texas hold 'em."
 Here's your  tip:   
 DCCC Chair  joins  call for the Ethics Committee to investigate Rep. Wu's behavior.
 RT    says "we are putting together a $2.7 trill deficit reduct.pkg that meets Rs 2 major criteria.
 Hmmm Giant Pandas are actually from China, so we won't know how sad the  are until 9 or 9:30pET.
  We won't know how sad the  are until the markets open in Japan at 8pmET.
 MT  Thx to wknd Nightly News Exec Prod. Pat Burkey on his last night with us. Heading to weeknights w/Brian. Great work Pat!
 ...if a bill is posted by tomorrow night, the House would be on track to vote on a debt ceiling strategy Wednesday.
  reporting House GOP leadership goal is to have their version of debt ceiling bill posted online by end of day tmrw...
 CNN... You're cutting away from Joel Grey?  Really? 
 RT  about to air nyc mayor michael bloomberg marry two of his long-time aids in a same sex wedding live on    ...
 RT  Meep. meeep meeeeep meep meep meep 100 meeeep Meeeep meeep meep meeeeeeep meeeep meep meeep meep meeeeeeep - 
 NZ market up slightly. RT  Futures markets down forewarning how monday markets react to stalled debt ceiling talks
    When did ALL of you lose your ability to take a joke?  Is it THAT hot outside?
 Also my bf has to explain to me what all these numbers and letters are on the CNBC screen.  
 OH yeah, and the markets have opened in New Zealand.
 I am now watching Asia Squawk Box on CNBC World.  This is what my life has come to.
  Don't forget    takeaway.  It's important...
  Boehner spoke abt House GOP standing together, but feels like he was setting up a united Congress v. POTUS storyline too
 MT  & (3): Boehner made case to House GOPers that House GOP-only approach can't pass. That's pretty significant
  / reporting Boehner said on call, debt package should reflect "principles of Cut, Cap, & Balance. "
 Main takeaways from GOP Conference Call: (1) There is no deal. (2) Speaker hopes to have something to show conference by mtg at 2p tmrw...
  "at times"
 RT  Per Dem aide: topics for WH meeting this evening: 1) How Boehner plans to move 2) Reid's $2.5T plan ... the plot thickens.
 RT  Just to clarify, aides say the GOP leaders were not invited to WH meeting tonight.  Not a case of choosing not to go.
  and  Now hearing it's just Pelosi and Reid at the WH at 6pm.
 Source tells me there will be a White House Mtg at 6pm of the usual suspects:   ,  McConnell
 RT  "No deal" will be the message on  's call to House members at 4:30p.  Next step unclear.
  Things are tooooo quiet today though.
 MT  Q of day: Will there be dueling legislation on the Sen. & Hse flr this wk? Seems no compromise at the moment, so could be so
 And last but not least: Shenzhen - 2130 ET/India - 0330 ET (Monday) 
 Asian Market Openings: Japan - 2000 ET/Singapore - 2100 ET/Malaysia - 2100 ET/HK - 2130 ET/Shanghai - 2130 ET...
 Asian Market Opening Times: New Zealand - 1800 ET/1000 local / Australia - 1900 ET/1000 local  / South Korea - 2000 ET/0900 local...
 Well  I think that depends on how caffeine affects  writing.
 The Congressional leadership has not been called to the White House for another meeting today. Yet. 
 From our internal news wire: "Second Same Sex Marriage in NYC taking place now. LIVE ON NY REM 81 via pool feed. Marcos and Freddy"
   humpty reference inspired me.
 I'm doing the Sunday network bounce right now.  It's a lot like the humpty dance.
 Pawlenty just asked if the President was "chicken" when it comes to talking to the country publicly about entitlement reform on CNN.
 MT  We'll know for sure the Obama-Boehner deal is alive if they mt tdy. "Deal alive" talk might simply be for public consumption.
 MT  Boehner confirms he agreed to 800B in added tax revenue. Wallace doesn't ask follow-up: "Did Cantor agree, too?" (He did not.)
  explains that it's not a tax hike since rates wld be reduced & the $800 bil could be achieved w/ "fundamental tax reform."
 MT   says  "my last offer is still on the table" i.e. $800b in new revenues
  also says "this is about what's doable at the 11th hour" and that there is going to be a two-stage process. 
  on FNS: "I know the President is worried about his next election but my god shouldn't he be worried about the country."
 Based on all  of the stmts, it looks like everyone is at least on the same impasse page.   
  (Press Sec for  responds to Reid's stmt tonight: "A two-step process is inevitable."
 RT  The latest on David Wu, from   
 MT  High-level debt talks b/w WH & Boehner break down. Tmrw: WH CoS Bill Daley joins us LIVE on 
  stmt says impasse is from GOP "decision to walk away from 98% of the American ppl to protect the assets of the top 2%."
  RT  Artsy sideways pic. My cousin says I look like a cabbage patch :-/ 
 Yes, yes you should be following:   ,   and  for the latest on the debt talks.
  HAHA sent from your "palm Pre"
 RT  Meep meeeeeep meeep, meep meeep, meeeep meeeep meeep meep meep meep MEEP meeeeep 
 RT   has left the building, confirming they are looking at a two teired approach
 RT  RT  Boehner on Fox News Sunday tomorrow at 915 am et, right after Geithner
 Per   have left debt ceiling mtg.  Pelosi alluded to  making an announcement.
  I believe if the House posts bill text by Tuesday, a bill is passable through both chambers by Monday Aug 1. ( agree?)
  MT  MT   meeeeeeep: Meep MEEP meep Meeep meeep meep meep meep meeeeep meep mee...
   Great dim sum place, but the soup dumplings weren't nearly soupy enuf. Loved the dan dan noodles. (A&J's in Rockville.)
 More from  The goal according to the aide is to pass a debt deal and gavel out on Monday evening August 1st.
  reporting: Per GOP aide House plans to be in session for a week straight starting Monday. A Monday to Monday work week.
 I am out of bed right now because  told me there is a soup dumpling place in Silver Spring.  He best not be lying.
 The crews are coming back into House studio A for this presser with  7:15p go time. Live on 
 More from Boehner's letter: "I believe there is a shared commitment on both sides of the aisle to producing legislation..."
 From  letter to colleagues on debt talk negotiations: "A deal was never reached, and was never really close."
 RT  Achieving her secret lifelong dream  was able to use a  in a press release 
 2 more of the  embed team to    (fellow Texan!) &  (who I will miss dearly)
  the 2012 NBC embed team:        
 A little less than 20 Freshman GOP House members were just led onto the Senate floor by  to observe the cut/cap/balance vote.
 Does that "I want to transfer millions of dollars into your bank account" email scam even WORK anymore? 
 Though, to be honest, Nicole Kidman really does play the results the whole time. 
 I have to think Sting gets chills when he sees this scene too. 
 Oh gosh. Best scene ever of Moulin Rouge is on Sundance now. 
 NBC's  Sr Officials say Panetta/Joint Chiefs have certified military ready to repeal  Announcement tmrw
  and  have left the Capitol and are headed towards the WH.
 Told by one member in S&P meeting that use of the term "death spiral" was more for definition purposes than a consequence.
 Phrase of day from GOP mtg w/ reps of S&P & others is "death spiral," which was used to describe consequence of not raising debt ceiling
 MT  Four thoughts on the debt-ceiling fight provided by  :  (via  )
  points out  is on floor during this vote chatting w/ members. On the other side of the House: Pelosi chatting.
   The world can only wait and pray.
 RT  No deal RT  NYT NEWS ALERT: Obama and Boehner Close to Major Budget Deal, Congressional Leaders Are Told
 And  has not been presented with the Gang of Six-debt ceiling plan details yet.
  says there's a good chance the House leadership will be meeting again today on the debt ceiling. 
 I gotta say it.  has a beautiful sparkly jacket on today. I kind of want one.
 The chart on jobs has come out at the  weekly presser. We're in a holding pattern for the Democratic Leader.
 it apparently takes 2 police cruisers to pull over a Smartcar.
 That  intro had a Star Trek reference & the correct  of ppl it takes to pass a bill in the House under a rule (217).  
  TWO  appearances IN ONE DAY.  THIS IS JUST TOO MUCH.   (cc:  )
  reairing the Atlantis landing now.   is reporting live from KSC>
 Beautiful RT  Atlantis touches down at Kennedy Space Center Check it out!! 
 Mornin'  I think you should take into account that even if the House is not in session, staffers works constantly.
 RT  RT  Atlantis Completes Final Space Shuttle Program Landing at 5:57 a.m. EDT   
 MT  At a time when everyone feels pessimistic, we just lost 1 thing that inspired optimism. End of shuttle prog is a sad moment
 RT  On Thursday Obama meets with the heads of the NAACP and NUL. What’s up with that? Can’t wait to find out!
 RT  Asked about "pizza party" with Speaker, one GOP freshman in mtg Rep Dold says "not much of a party - meeting."
 I'm told some freshman gop members just completed a beer and pizza dinner with the Speaker. There was no official agenda. 
 Turns out the House is NOT in session this weekend.
 RT  Disagreements could cause FAA to shut down  (Via   and  )
 MT  House doc writes  is in "good overall health." Says her migraines "infrequent" & she doesn't take daily meds
  just did the first ever liveshot from the NBC House of Representatives booth on the  show.   It was glorious.
   Members of Congress unveil resolution to honor slain staffer 
 The resolution would designate HVC215 (a room here in the Capitol Visitor Center) as the "Gabriel Zimmerman Meeting Room."
 Bipartisan group of AZ Representatives  are introducing a resolution honoring Rep. Giffords' aide Gabe Zimmerman today...
  RT  So, I know it's hot. It's July, it's supposed to be hot, right? Let me know when it's cold in July.
    AM I THE ONLY ONE AROUND HERE THAT GIVES A S*** ABOUT THE RULES? 
 JOHN GOODMAN IS ON  I ADORE JOHN GOODMAN.  Could we get him to sing to me?
  RT  This  animation  kicked off  coverage of  wave 
 I have decided that the hardest receipt to keep hold of in the great quest to stay current with my expense reports is the Amtrak receipt.
 You know what feels great? Crossing things off of a list. I love that feeling.
 RT  Lively discussion about engagement, politics, and social media here:  
  WAIT WHAT?
 I believe I'm seeing the mp3 experiment occurring, but I'm not totally sure.
  I got my swimtrunks and my flippyfloppies.
 It's on the intertubes. No takebacks  Shawna Thomas Moves to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave - FamousDC  via 
 RT  Fireworks on the west side in honor of msnbc's 15th anniversary! 
 Oh. Yeah. I'm just on the roof of the Gansevoort watching fireworks in honor of   
   I got  in the divorce!    
 Melissa McCarthy... SO CUTE. 
 Oh Daniel Radcliffe. You just won me over with your reax to  introing the clip from the 1st Harry Potter film on 
 RT  About to do it live with   on  wake up and watch! 
 RT  GOP source mapped out their goals for $2.1-2.3T in cuts. Van Hollen told me that number was "grossly inflated."
 Also, will remember this weekend as the time  caused  to literally run away from my party. 
 On train to NYC.  I would like a breakfast item but now that I'm 30, I'm too picky to eat the train options. Fine. I'll just starve.
  RT  Everyone should be celebrating  's birthday today no matter where they are. Happy Birthday love!
 So that 30th bday thing is happening. Thanks to my work husband  for the awesome party. And thanks to  as well.
   question, why are you at the Apple store in Georgetown you hipster?
 Yeah well, I've ummm checked my Facebook page at LEAST 3000 times so, ummmm, there. 
 RT  There is nothing quite like a Jay Barbree shuttle "liftoff" live report.
  I usually enjoy your brand of humor.  But this is the SPACE SHUTTLE MAN.  Throttle back the sarcasm.
 I like when we get to do an NBC News Special Report for awesome reasons like this that allow people to dream.   
 "As it goes transsonic for the final time."    
 RT  No network covers space program like NBC: tune in to either  or  right now for two GREAT reporters: Tom Costell ...
 Leader Pelosi's presser's been postponed. Conventional wisdom says it's cuz of votes. I choose to believe she wants to watch the shuttle.
 Per NBC's Jay Barbree: "If there are no last minute surprises, the final shuttle will lift off at 11:26:46 a.m. eastern time." 
 RT  at 1030 POTUS will deliver statement in Rose Garden on the June jobs report, those numbers expected in 5 mins
  Ack. Can't drive with tears in eyes.
 I was thinking, if  scrubbed this launch, it actually would be a fitting act of this final launch play. 
  
 RT  A special  to see a unique view of today's launch -- Follow  and 
 My bberry cam seems to be permanently smudged, but I swear that's the Dalai Lama! 
 Progressive caucus circulating letter to   asking him to take cuts to Social Security etc off debt ceiling tbl. Abt 12 signers so far
 Wow. This  flight from Htown to DCA is surprisingly empty. I have a whole row to myself.  
  Awwww.  Best congrats thus far.  (Also, rest of world,   Trust me. 
  Wow. You've jinxed us.  (cc: 
 I'm sorry POTUS, but I can't put an  column on my Tweetdeck.  It's just too. many. attempts. at. wit.
 SO DARN JEALOUS. RT  Here we are folks!   
 RT  Hoyer: GOPers 'need to put everything on the table' 
 RT  Cantor tells reporters,  "isn't serious when he says  walked out of Biden talks bc of corporate jet tax breaks."
 Reid questions if GOP can govern; McConnell: No tax increases are 'common sense':  via  /
 House GOP will also follow  Twitter Townhall and encourage people to ask q's abt jobs. 
   But that lessens the ridiculousness of it. The beauty is Aliza would hate the tag of 
 Oh! In this preview Morgan Freeman has a beard! That means he's smart and special and not in a position of servitude. 
 Ok. Survived the bf meeting the 'rents for the 1st time without anyone being wildly insulted. Now, that debt ceiling thingy.
  Thanks for the suggestions! And breakfast tacos are a bust.
 Things you do when you're in Texas.   
 The bf and I are in Austin tonight. This is his first time there. Where on the 6th street should we go?
   RT    well, I guess the D-joke-ovic is on Nadal! Ha
 Which is good since apparently he is. RT  Today Djokovic played like the best player in the world.
  Well then you come to HTown and watch tennis with her.
 Nadal unamused.  Still mad at Djokovic for mocking him at that US Open years ago? 
 RT  I'm at the airport and its an unpleasant experience! 
 OH S*** Mixed Doubles is next!  
 My mother seems to have huge issues with the level of celebration in Djokovic's family's box.  
   DJOKOVIC WINS!  Throws racket into stand!  
 My mother just remarked that Djokovic has horrible parents.  I have no idea what that information is based on.  
  DJOKOVIC UP 5/3 4th set.  He wins this game he wins the match (cc: 
 I want Djokovic to win so badly, however I,  like the people in the stands want a fifth set.  
 GROAN. 
  Inserting actual lawyerly analysis in my Twitterfeed while Djokovic is kicking Nadal a** is just wrong. 
 Well Well Well  
  I'm not at a computer right now so no link, but 1 web example was  did a good breakdown on ABC news' blog.
  And one of the few things the GOP/Dems can agree on is that particular tax break is worth abt $3 billion over 10 years.
  the 100 percent depreciation in the '09 stimulus has a sunset already.
  (2) there's a bit of confusion on whether potus was talking abt that or the 5/7 year depreciation change from 80s.
  two things: (1) msm has reported that. That break was also a continuation (and expansion) of a tax break from the '08 stimulus
 Tweeps? RT   - my son is moving to DC for AU.he needs a 1 bdrm for around 1300/mo is that possible in DC? Where?
  1bedroom for 1300 is doable, may be difficult close to AU. Start the search on Craigslist unless you're paying for a broker.
 Mary Carillo, that comment made no sense.  
 And the directv is already tuned to  Perhaps this trip home will be somewhat bearable. 
  this flt has DirecTV! I get to watch  And by checking in, pretty much last, I got an exit row seat. 
 The highlights on espn from the Djokovic/Tsongas match are still making me smile. 
 RT  RT  Pic from briefing aboard Tahrir this afternoon  Stuck in Greece. 
  this is first time I've gotten an email alert about a gate change.  also 
 Sometimes I turn on C-SPAN2 and exclaim, "DUDE.  I rode to the WH Correspondents' Dinner Afterparty w/ that guy." 
   Interestingly, the House wireless blocks that website.
 Also  filling in as host! RT  Hey,  is going to be on Hardball today. Last segment. Check around 5:53.
  OH snap.  PRESSURE.  Unfortunately, I'll be on a plane for the Ladies Championship.  But, I'll be ready for Djokovic/Nadal
 I'm beating  in some random Washington DC Twitter ranking system by 2 places.  
 RT   will report $4.2 million in 2Q fundraising 
 Ok. I'm on your website.  You got me here.  Now why are you making it so hard to find the Beyonce performances?
 How did I not know about the street taco place in 400 N. Cap until now. Are any of you ppl on the Hill actually my friends?
 Tacos for lunch? 
  RT  NY Gov Release - Special Election Date for NY 9th --- Sept 13th, 2011 
  office out w/ preemptive press release. Says they'll work through the sched'd recess week of 7/18 if debt deal is reached.
 RT  This morning at 8:48 AM ET, Leon  was sworn in as the 23rd Secretary of Defense. His message: 
 I've become oddly familiar w/ section 179 of the tax code while waiting for my luggage at BWI. 
 Be sure to check out one of my besties,   on Countdown on Current tonight. He's talking 
 Y do I pay more for the added responsibility of an exit row? We should have to trivia it out for more legroom. Smartest person gets comfy.
 MT  Romney to have news conference in Allentown, Pa., tmrw at a business I visited w/ Obama in Dec. '09. It is now closed.
  with Federer out, who am I going to loathe in the Wimbledon finals?
 While I appreciated learning abt budgets and the economy, this conference really cut into my watching tennis while pretending to work time.
  which jet is your favorite jet and do you pay any taxes on it now?
 And the award for best POTUS presser-related newly created joke twitter account attempt goes to: 
 POTUS on debt limit: "This is not a technical problem any longer.  This is a matter of Congress going ahead and biting the bullet..."
 Want to know more about the ATF "Operation Fast & Furious" q at the   Check out Hse Oversight Rprt:  
  just added the line "I'm not going to make news on that today" to his list of possible answers to all journo questions.
 I have to admit, I'm a little surprised by the lack of email rapid response from my friends in the House of Representatives.  
 So did we get an answer to whether any of those things are Constitutional? 
 MT  Obama on LGBT issues: "I think we're moving in a direction of greater equality, and I think that's a good thing."
   Though he didn't REALLY answer  first q.
 MT  Received $raising appeal from Obama campaign as presser was starting. 'We measure our success not in dollars but in people'
 POTUS says he doesn't think US actions in Libya violate the War Power Act, so Constitutional question is moot.
 Well played  tying three q's (War Powers, gay marriage and debt ceiling) together w/ the Constitutional argument.
 "My expectation is leaders are going to lead." - POTUS version of adult-in-the-room comment 
  Is there anyone who likes the poor neglected, yet overrepresented honeydew?
 RT  13 Democratic senators unveil ‘It Gets Better’ video for gay youth 
  Oh no, the Bulgarian exchange student in charge of the berry bowl is multitasking & peeling grapes now.  
 RT  Just a big PR battle in the Senate on debt ceiling. GOP now pushing a balanced-budget amendment today
 How you know you're in a ritzy place: The berry bowl at the breakfast bar never runs out of blackberries. 
 MT  Guidance:Begin taking a Palin candidacy seriously if she cancels FOX contract, or FOX cancels it for her. Until then...
  eating ice cream is the best suggestion so far. I shall do that and possibly toss a football around w/ wind blowing in my hair.
 The late Sen. Ted Kennedy's boat. The Mya. 
 This is my first time in the land of the Kennedys. I'm not sure how to act. 
   Also, thanks for book suggestions.
  What I meant was I took statistics and research classes but didn't take a class that tied economy, politics and history.
  I'm not sure I totally understand your question, but we are discussing the debt ceiling here.
  I was too busy ACTING and also making out with boys.
 Currently at WashU's Weidenbaum Center Media Retreat:  Learning abt similarities of Great Depression & Great Recession.
 Wow.  I really should've taken an economics class in high school and/or college.
 RT  Bristol Palin says mother "definitely knows" whether she'll run in 2012. Okay then.
 Also thanks to  for bringing that ridiculously awsome  photo to our attention.
 MT   Don't Stop Believin', even if you lose at softball. Pic by   via 
  buy me a baby koala. 
 Was that some wiggle room I just heard from  on voting for the debt ceiling increase? 
  on  "I intend to have a 50-state campaign."
 I think  looks great in Iowa. Don't you? Next up after the  spot on  a  intv.
 Spent today learning abt statistics and polling data with this view from the window. 
 RT  Bachmann embraces Tea Party in presidential announcement 
 RT  Jury: Blagojevich guilty on 18 accounts. Rest of country: Oh yeah, that guy.
 RT  Yes, TPaw polling better than Huck was in IA 4 yrs ago, also worse than Tommy Thompson  
 Twitter, you're making me sad about 
 RT  Watch  formally enter the 2012 Presidential race live: 
  Cantor announces House will most likely take up a balanced budget amendment the week of July 25th. 
   Really guys? A Bachman–Turner Overdrive joke? 
 RT  Bachmann's campaign will be run out of Washington, not Minnesota 
  live on  with a story on   is on Today later.  
 Baghdatis is fighting for it. Wow. 
  Nope.  SIlver Spring!!! We beat the line!
 Palin to attend next week's documentary premiere in Iowa:  via 
 This rice noodle encased pork is for you  
 Oh snap. We got outta bed in time to get dim sum. This Saturday already rocks.
   oh I can rock it all but I lean towards the Bonnie Rait and Madonna catalogs. 
   it's not on my agenda yet, but do try to have a little fun without me.
   I know a great place for karaoke in Des Moines.    
  RT  So Michele Bachmann will announce for presi...OHMYGODSARAHPALIN
 RT  Democrats, Republicans at impasse on debt-limit talks 
  How 'bout on background?
 Libya defunding bill vote breakdown: 
 The bill to limit funding to operations in Libya fails with about a third of the GOP voting against the bill.
 Oh  you make me laugh.  Let's have beer.
 Boehner said during Libya debate that he's supporting the Constitutional authority of Congress because POTUS decided to challenge it.
 8 GOP'rs voted to support Libya mission: Dent (PA), Dreier (CA), King (IA), King (NY), Kinzinger (IL), McCotter (MI), Rivera (FL), Rogers
  Boehner challenges Obama on debt deal, tax increases 
 Rep. Kucinich (D) is given time to debate by the GOP side of the Libya debate.  These Libya measures are creating strange bedfellows.
 Hoyer is getting into it on the House Floor right now during the Libya resolution debate.  
 Boehner sets debt talk conditions w/ a stmt telling the POTUS what conditions must be met for a debt ceiling increase. 
 RT  Justice Sotomayor stops by Congressional Women's Softball Game  
 We're all nice right now, but when we really start playing. It's gameface.   
 The  approach the turf field. Ready to play. Ready to win.  
 Yes,  You practiced except for the weeks we weren't in session.  The Bad News Babes commitment does not stop for recess.
   Bad News Babes.  Our socks will prove our badness or something.
 Before I really get to some network-level softball-related s***talkin, I'd like to thank  for the shoutout this morn.
  I can neither confirm nor deny this. However, due to the fact that I'm half the age of most Members, my speed will save me.
 Reid also says the August recess may be in jeopardy if there is not more "progress" on the debt ceiling talks.
 Reid on debt talks: "With what Kyl & Cantor have done, I think it's in the hands of the Speaker & the President & sadly, probably me."
 Hearing from multiple parties that "significant" cuts have been found in the debt ceiling talks. But GOP isn't budging on revenue raisers.
 Hearing from multiple parties that "significant" cuts have been found in the
  EVERYONE'S INVITED.  As I told my non-news related friends: "Come see me embarrass myself."
 Women's D.C. Softball game: Press vs Congress. Lynn Sweet at bat - Lynn Sweet:  via 
  Thank you so much and it's not corny at all.  
 RT  Obama: 'We are meeting our goals' in Afghan war 
 Romney reax to POTUS: "Decision should not be based on politics or economics." Says he looks forward to hearing mil commander testimony.
 Intel Chair Rogers says POTUS trying to find "political solution w/ a military component to it, when it needs to be the other way around. "
 Chairman of House Intel Mike Rogers releases stmt saying troop withdrawal is "wrong move." 
  The President of the United States.
 Mentioning Congress' oversight job in statements can't help but turn some attention to the Libya situation. 
 Both Boehner & Pelosi point out in their stmts that Congress will continue to hold admin accountable/conduct oversight.
 Boehner: Congress will hold the Administration accountable for ensuring that the pace & scope of the drawdown does not undermine" progress.
 Pelosi: "Congress will continue to perform the oversight responsibilities critical to ensuring a successful withdrawal as soon as possible."
 Both Bpehner and Pelosi point out in their stmts that Congress will continue to hold admin accountable/conduct oversight.  
  reax: "It has been the hope of many in Congress...that the full drawdown...would happen sooner than the President laid out "
 "We must recapture the common purpose that we shared at the beginning of this time of war."  - POTUS
  full statement in response to POTUS:  The statement is supportive.
  reax: "It is my hope that the President will continue to listen to our commanders on the ground as we move forward. "
 RT  President Obama about to speak about Afghanistan... watch live on  or online 
 Also they'll "probably" meet on friday RT  BREAKING: VP Biden following debt limit meeting: "I got nothing to tell ya."
 Photograph of  talking to  today about Afghanistan. 
 Looks like House GOP is bringing a standalone bill to the flr this wk that limits use of $$ in Libya. Different from resolutions posted ytdy
 Florida Democrat Hastings faces ethics probe:  via 
 Florida Democrat Hastings faces ethics probe:  via 
 Durbin doubts Biden group can get deal done in time:  via 
 And the CBO's long-term budget outlook that was released today is, how do you say, unsettling.  
 House GOP Conference is meeting at 2:30p to discuss the two Libya resolutions we expect to be brought to House floor tomorrow.
 Dear CPSC, Perhaps a sign or a press release to Capitol Hill staff on the day you do your fireworks safety demo on the mall.  
 One must keep one's eye on the ball.
 RT  Greece parliament's cabinet confidence vote happening now
 Romney announces next 6 debates he's attending: 8/11-FOX-IA, 9/7-NBC-CA, 9/12-CNN-FL, 9/22-FOX-FL, 10/11-Bloomberg-NH, 10/18-CNN-NV.
 The Senate is voting on Panetta's confirmation as the new Secretary of Defense now.  
 Fellow Mormon Reid bashes Romney, favors Huntsman:  via  
  also says decision hasn't been made on what House resolution on Libya will look like, whether it involves pursestrings or not.
 "I don't see how multiple votes...can help get us to where we want to be." distances self from a shortterm debt ceiling increase
  Also, turns out, no more Space Shuttles for him command.
  on probable House resolution to defund US involvement in Libya, "It is inconceivable to me that we would...defund that effort."
  RT  GW: home of questionable academic decisions. 
 RT  McCain calls Obama Admin "failure of leadership"not seeking Congress approval led to"full scale revolt against Admin Libya p ...
 RT  .  on floor now to introduce w  "limited use of force " in Libya resolution. Says not perfect but is ...
 Thank goodness for twitter and  and  or I would never know when to turn on C-Span 2.
 RT  RT  Huntsman walked straight from the announcement to Sean hannitys set
 More from CBO Director on budget: "Under current tax & spending policies," debt would be abt equal to annual econ output by end of decade.
 "I don't think you need to run down someone's reputation in order to run for President." -  during announcement speech
 Excellent CBO Director post about the unsustainable path of the federal budget:  
 Watching  announce his presidential campaign live on  now.
 Reps like  should be more worried abt the debt ceiling than abt the  but only slightly cc:
 Yay! I remembered to bring a bra to work this morning! 
 I clearly haven't sat at home on a Monday night and watched not-news-related tv in a long time.  Is that Swoozie Kurtz?
 Just because you are a Disney Channel star does not automatically mean you deserve a recording contract. 
 A 90210 joke? Hmmmmmm. 
 Ummm. So I turned on RuPaul's DragU and I think I'm already more empowered.
 Weiner resignation becomes effective at midnight, Tues June 21st according to the letter he sent to the NY Sec of State/Gov. Cuomo.
 You'll get a SUPER SPECIAL mention in the weekly email.  RT   no problem, we'll DJ it with my iPhone
 I need to do a better job of memorizing the Congressional Facebook.  Like. For Realzies.
 What I Learned From My Dad by   | Parade.com:   
  must be Sunday morning drinking/freaking out right now. 
   and I couldn't finish that salmon omelet or many other brunch items at  
  I've said it before and ill say it again. 
 I love the fact that the  vs.  golf game is getting play on ESPN.
 Yeah Duh. (cc: ) MT  AFP TX state dir now on stg at  talking abt how awesome TX is. TXans of all stripes tend to do this
  cutaway sighting on C-SPAN!  
 After VP/debt ceiling mtg,  Cantor says the meetings will be longer next week and they'll probably have 3 or 4.
 That's how the real work gets done up here. RT:   for the WH Gnomes obviously...
 What or whom are these teeny tiny doors in the Capitol for? 
 Events continue at Capitol as Weiner resigns.  and other members honor Murtha. 
 NY Rep. Towns says he hopes Weiner can "bounce back" and "be able to run for something else." Calls him an "effective" legislator.
  will participate in a tree planting ceremony honoring the late Rep. Murtha at the same time Weiner is expected to resign.
 MT  Sources tell me Anthony  expects to speak for about five minutes and does not plan to take reporters' questions at 2pm
 "I don't feel relief. I feel saddened for he &his family."-Pascrell answering q abt whether caucus will feel relief over Weiner resignation
 Audio recorder retrieved thanks to Carlos in the office of  
 Hey fellow journos/staffers at the   presser, did someone take my sony audio recorder? It's black. And newish.
  confirms Weiner called Israel/Pelosi ytdy to tell them he would resign. Boehner tells us he isn't aware of decision yet.
 From  2 staff members/2 interns from Weiner's office lft around 9:20a. Arrived shortly after 9. Office appears to be closed.
 I learned, via House financial disclosure forms, that it appears that Real Time w/ Bill Maher pays their guests. 
 According to  financial disclosure form, her vineyard made between $5000 & $15000 in grape sales last yr 
 Tune into House Oversight Hearing right now. Cmte is delving into the practice known as "Gunwalking."   
 RT  Fmr UT Gov. Huntsman announces in NY he will announce in NJ, then HQ campaign in FL
 Today is the 236th birthday of the U.S. Army, and if the Twitters are to be believed, Flag Day. (Do you have a flag? )
 Pelosi reiterates push for Weiner's resignation; Boehner adds to calls:  via 
  I don't deal well w/ the INTERWEBS and the REAL WORLD colliding.  Makes online dating awkward.
 Former Chair of the Ethics Cmte, Rep. Lofgren says. She thinks  should resign as she walks into Dem caucus meeting.
 Happy Birthday to  who even when the media is annoying him, has a joke and a smile for us.
 Literally woke up this morning w/ beyonce's Get Me Bodied in my head.
 Check it out.  She has a website proclaiming "BACHMANN FOR PRESIDENT."  
  if there had only been lasers.
 My name is  I know EVERYTHING ABOUT NH.  
 Gates said Libya wasn't vital but, "we clearly have interests there, and it's a part of the region which is a vital interest for the" U.S.
 On  in March, Gates answered Libya/Vital interest q  (1/2)
  I GREW UP IN TEXAS SIR. 
 Trader Joes or Whole Foods 
 RT  Realized with Paul's Iraq-Afghanistan comment that we're 90 mins in and no nat'l security yet
 Correct. Look at cams. RT  the screen is clearly too high for the candidates - they look  looking UP to answer questions
 IMHO  is effectively using the Twitters.
 RT  Bachmann: "I stand for life from conception until natural death"
 I only started watching 45 minutes in, but I think that's the third foster children mention I've heard from Bachmann.
 Romney on  question: "Number one, we ought to be talking about economy and jobs."   
 Santorum makes point that any Constitutional amendment involves 3/4 of the states to agree on it.   
 RT  Romney offers big grin in announcing crowd-pleasing news that Bruins are up 4-0.
  Wait wait wait.  I don't think we can move on pizza crust that fast w/out more convo on Cain's Muslim comments.
