 Back on the mainland. Back to the hotel. Back to work. Back headed westward in the morning.
 Staring at the Galveston shore while the amazing  plays me songs from her upcoming album. Not a bad way to spend an afternoon.
 RT  Hangin in the condo w B-ill, the OG from LA who gave me the best review of my life right before he died in FL 
 Headed down to Galveston for lunch. Never been there before.
  does it matter? ;-)
 Spent all day amidst intense traffic and much of it amidst intense weather, but I'm off the road before sundown. Long live the summer :-)
 Just had to parallel park at a strangely laid out Texas rest stop. For a minute I thought I was already back in Hollywood.
 Clearly  and I have our ideological differences, but that dude did not deserve to get suspended from Google+
 Rain so thick I couldn't see the road. Held my iPhone 4 camera in front of me, and suddenly I could see clearly.  
 Good morning America how are you. About to depart the city of New Orleans and head further westward. Slow and steady.
 RT   is going live.,.  Dial-in: 1-712-432-3066 
  sure, of course. but tech headlines predicted a nationwide mass iPhone exodus from AT&T to Verizon, which was never going to happen
  I would try it, but there's one thing on your list that this guy can't do. Specifically, errands.
 The primary function of the Verizon iPhone is in rescuing Verizon customers who wanted an iPhone on Verizon but were stuck with a Droid.
 Exactly as I predicted: most existing iPhone users were okay with AT&T and saw no need to move to Verizon. 
 2% solution: Google+ invites quickly grab 1/37th of Facebook presence 
 Apple buys Hulu to kill it and position iTunes against Netflix: report 
 Amy Winehouse dead at 27 as Oslo student shooting frames tragedy 
  there's also website hacking involved, so it's not 100% clear. But it looks very probable
 RIP Amy Winehouse, if the widespread reports are true. Not a surprise, but sad nonetheless.
 Another day in New Orleans. Westward tomorrow. Taking this whole driving thing slow. Tonight's a worknight though, I suspect.
 Real story: Oslo terrorist was a conservative christian fanatic with ties to the tea party. Fox News: "Al Qaeda did it."
 :-)  
 Friday night. French quarter. For the second time in six weeks. Last time I was quite lucky. Tonight has yet to be written.
 Drove out of Florida today feeling mortal yet invincible. Road trip leads back home to the other ocean. Unsure what's ahead but I like it.
 RT  Biggest lie in recent US history: Cutting government spending and balancing the budget will generate more jobs and better w ...
 I can't believe I invested seven years in that Harry Potter kid only to find out he's a sociopath who likes to kill reptiles with his stick.
 RT  people are so book smart its amazing  they don't have common sense. Bill o reilly's views are representation of some one's g ...
  yeah but that's our little secret ;-)
 Google+ is now 2% of the size of Facebook. But watch the geek headline writers twist that into "Google+ surpasses Facebook" headlines.
 These past couple days were just what the doctor ordered. Now on the road to New Orleans.
  I think they still crawl the site headers. But if Google is removing/flagging "harmful" and "slow" sites, Flash should be too.
  "Jailbreaking" is a propaganda term they use to belittle mainstream iPhone users. They won't say that about their pet Android.
 Hackers and coders have been assaulting me all week because I said jailbreaking and flash are stupid. I guess it means they know I'm right.
  Flash was obsolete garbage long before Jobs opened his mouth. For that matter Flash was garbage even before it was obsolete.
  yep. reason  not to use it :-)
 Pro tip: saying "Flash works great on my Android" is like saying "I'm an a-hole" twice in the same sentence.
  you're using Flash, asshole. Even if it "worked" on all devices, it would still be obsolete shit that makes you look like a joke.
  sadly, trying to teach geeks about the real world is like mud wrestling with a pig.
  if you're gonna make this about mainstream relevance, our site traffic is running circles around you. Maybe if yours weren't broken.
  I bet you were that asshole who bitched about the iMac not having a floppy drive in 1998 too.
 Retweet this if you think Google should remove broken (read: Flash based) websites from search results.
  extensive use of Flash in 2011 is a sign of mental illness in a web developer. Could probably get him Baker-acted for that.
  like most geeks, you pretend the mainstream doesn't exist, you're irrelevant, and you're an ass with no manners. Now go away.
  when I joined Twitter in 2006, it was proper etiquette to follow everyone back. And you know what? Flash was obsolete back then too.
 Some flash-obsessed website developer tells me everything is fine because his "site works" even though his "content doesn't." His words. LOL
  "The *site* works, the *content* doesn't" - and yet you say that without seeing the lunacy in those words?
  and no one will care, because your current flash site has already destroyed your reputation among iOS users.
  that's because your site is broken on an iPad, genius. More iPads are now sold than Dell computers.
  and if Google didn't have its Android bias, it would be doing the right thing & removing broken sites like yours from search results.
  I know your "mobile" site is broken on 90% of tablets in use. Who cares what it looks like on the other 10%?
 Using Flash on your mobile site is like pouring gasoline on yourself. It stinks and you're sure to get burned by it.
  sorry Paul, but if it doesn't work on iPhone and iPad, it doesn't work on mobile. Ditch the flash bullshit. This isn't 1997.
 RT  In a 2011 interview with Beatweek, Perri revealed that her middle name is Judith
 Having a drink oh on the roof of a building, watching the sunset and listening to live music 
 Incubus: the Beatweek interview 
  Los Angeles misses you and so do I :-)
 If you were on this road trip with me, you too could be eating dinner at an Arby's inside of a Mobil station.  
 Life's a rollercoaster and I am not strapped in.
  what version of iOS are you running on it?
  give in to what?
 “  We are just waiting for the iPhone 5!” So am I :-)
  one of the trending topics is a geek whining about the Air's specs - claiming it's not suitable for anyone.
  for most mainstream users, yes. I'll stick with the Pro. But my usage is atypical.
 Ignore all the geeks whining today about obtuse specs. The new MacBook Air with Lion is the ideal laptop for most mainstream users.
 Beatweek hands on review: Spotify music streaming for iPhone and iPad 
 I'm tempted to add up all I've lost on this road trip (and it's deeper than I've let on). But I think I'll just be thankful for what's left.
  by the way, I checked out your new single. you and I will be having a conversation before you release the full album :-)
 Why do my opinions have no filter? I've never understood the notion of only speaking half the truth in order to get people to agree with me.
 Come on Mr. President, stop compromising with these republican a-holes. I never saw Superman compromising with Lex Luthor.
  so you've gone from the cult of mainstream practical quality to the cult of linux hacker crap. good luck to ya.
 Beatweek hands on review: Spotify music streaming for iPhone and iPad is an inviting app 
  hey, it happens :-)
  thanks, I'll check him out.
 Surprisingly enough, she's neither dead nor extra terrestrial... 
  we did that three weeks ago :-)
 Beatweek cover story interivews so far this year: Incubus. Avril. R.E.M. Kesha. Santana. I like this year :-)
 142% growth: iPhone 5 fall release date teased by Apple amidst $78 billion cash warchest 
 Moving from iPhone to Android and thinking of it as an "upgrade" strikes me as something Homer Simpson would do.
 If only they hadn't removed the phone number...  
 RT  This Apple bubble is crazy. When will people realise it is only being supported by awesome design and a relentless focus on u ...
 RT  Evidence accumulating that Fox News hacked the phones of Americans: 
  no kidding :-)
  sorry for your unfortunate setback. hope you recover soon.
 "I still have the iPhone 3G because I've been holding out for 4G and Flash" - most bizarre reader feedback I've ever received.
 Beatweek Magazine  Incubus interview, Google+, Ben Folds, Puddle of Mudd, iPad stereos and more 
 Incubus: the Beatweek interview – inside their most intricate album to date 
 Second mortgage: when the bank loans you money to fix up its house after having conned you into believing you own it.
 app review: Xtreme Wheels racing game for iPhone and iPad 
  I'm not really familiar with the UK side. All the good people I knew at the U.S. version have been laid off.
  they pander to the geekiest 1% of Apple users at the expense of the other 99% of Apple users. their loss.
  I could care less. Like nearly everyone else in tech, they're just pandering to the geekiest 1% at the expense of reality.
  I only got as far as the part where they called Beatweek "trash." They wanted me to pay money to read the full article LOL
 Macworld Magazine is now attacking me because I said jailbreaking is stupid. More proof that all tech journalism is just insulated geekwank.
 I can't wait until  hacks into Fox News and replaces the usual fabricated stories with accurate ones.
 Google is switching its short-URL to "g.co" and now you too can save fifteen percent.
  iTunes today :-)
 Elderly toll booth guy just asked me what happens when an elephant marries a rhino. He's probably been looking for the answer since 1952.
  iTunes today :-)
 Just heard the lead single from the new Chili Peppers album. Such good stuff. RHCP forever.
 The guy who blew the whistle on Fox News boss Rupert Murdoch was found dead today. Lead story on Fox News: flying cars.
 Bullshitproof: iPhone 5 design deters phony geek-fueled controversies 
 The sun also rises.
 RT  In Britain they seem to actually arrest powerful wrongdoers.
  you skipped 2007. flag on the play.
  Or even worse. Like 2008.
  I lived through the XFL. Once was enough.
  That works til you get to third down and remember you're not watching actual football
 How much do I miss football season? I'm watching something called the 2010 Insight Bowl.
 Dear FedEx: please stop running ads about airport security detaining people over boring business presentations. You're giving the TSA ideas.
 Tropical Storm warning off the Florida coast. Still no electricity. Looks like I didn't skip town quite fast enough.
  no but she's probably seen enough of MacGruber to get the idea
  I don't know, but this place is about to be in the dark of the moon
 When asked about Rupert Murdoch's downfall, Sarah Palin said "That's a trick question. Murdoch from the A-Team, or Murdoch from MacGyver?"
 All the UK politicians who were on Rupert Murdoch's payroll are resigning. If that happens in America, there will be no republican party.
 RT  Rebekah Brooks arrested, head of Scotland Yard resigns. Tomorrow on Fox & Friends: three hours of nervous laughter.
 That awkward moment during a thunderstorm when you hear a transformer explode and the power goes out and doesn't come back on. Doh.
 I'm not sure NBA players going to Europe during the lockout will work. "I'm taking my talents to South Greece" doesn't have the same ring.
 Smashing: Spotify invites available from Pumpkins frontman  Corgan 
 Chick-Fil-A donates to hate groups. Any time you spend money there, you should go home and donate the same amount to an equal rights group.
 I once tried to teach the puppy how to do yoga, but ironically he couldn't get the hang of Downward Facing Dog.
 Harry Potter took down Voldemort, Parliament is taking down Rupert Murdoch. Is there anything those Brits can't do?
 This week I've finally had the Florida vacation I intended before all the hoopla. But the wagon train rolls Monday. It's (beyond) time.
 You know what Harry Potter really needs? Prequels, with almost no existing characters in them, where Voldemort is disfigured by molten lava.
 Just had dinner with a dying friend. Puts things in perspective.
 RT  I just gave  +K about music on  
 First round of golf in awhile. Drove the green on a par four and then four putted. Ta da.
 Gmail and Spotify have merged into Gspot. It's right there in the app store, but most guys will spend all night looking for it.
 That awkward moment when Scotty accidentally says "I'm giving her all she's got, Captain Crunch" and Kirk pretends not to notice.
  actually there will be a full Spotify review on Beatweek.com this week - but not written by me :-)
  who cares? I want to own my music, not rent/stream/subscribe/sample/borrow it.
 Gmail and Spotify have merged into Gspot. It's right there in the app store but most guys will spend all night looking for it.
 Atlanta Braves get their 10000th win, and Rupert Murdoch gets busted. Ted Turner, you're having the best week ever.
 Sad to hear that Harold & Kumar are getting a divorce. Or have I read the trending topics wrong yet again?
 With the way the web has evolved, throttled-down cheap broadband plans in 2011 aren't much faster than dialup was in 2001.
 Since the hospital, I've fallen back in love with rock music and I drink hot tea. My blood transfusion may have come from Ozzy Osbourne.
 Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony own part of the Miami Dolphins. Here's hoping the team loses Tony Sparano in the divorce settlement.
 Retweet this if you can't wait to see the "fair and balanced" way Fox News covers the upcoming Rupert Murdoch trial.
 The weather outside is fascinating. Those clouds look like they could do anything. Like raining cows and tractors.
  yeah just came out. still installing. looks like it's primarily a security update.
 iPhone 4: $299. iOS 4: free. Being able to install iOS 4.3.4 today without hassle because hacking isn't my religion: priceless.
 Excellent day. Only took me five years to pin down that interview. You'll like it :-) The long trek back to Los Angeles starts this weekend.
  geeks are only mentioned in those instances where our mainstream audience needs to be warned about their actions.
 ...and if that means the geeks take violent umbrage against us even as the mainstream embraces us, so be it. I sleep great at night.
 Beatweek is one of the few publications to cover tech from a mainstream point of view instead of pandering to geeks - and it's paid off.
  hey, if they can be lazy enough to not put games on the air, I can be lazy enough to not watch them, right? ;-)
  we cover tech, but we're not a geek publication. if you're you geek, you won't find anything of interest.
  sure thing, man. you're just looking for conversation. as opposed to those other rabid dogs rolling in their own vomit ;-)
  as well as explaining why Apple is attempting to chase those folks off the platform altogether.
  ...I could care less. I was just warning mainstream folks to keep their iPhones away from people who want to hack them.
  heck, there are people on the Beatweek staff who've jailbroken their iPhones (and later undone it after regretting it)...
  no, these folks making threats are clinically mentally ill, just undiagnosed. I've worked with mentally ill kids. I can spot it.
  five years ago, Apple geeks' lives revolved around a headless iMac. now their lives revolve around jailbreaking. nothing new.
  anyone who threatens another's life over a tech article is mentally ill by definition. and those threats are in the 1000's now.
  nothing new. when I said the Mac mini would be a mainstream flop, mentally ill geeks vowed to "destroy" me back then too :-)
  and Cydia's self-serving log claims would be believable? yeah right.
  ...but there's no such thing as a geek who can fully understand the tech landscape from a mainstream point of view.
  but, like all geeks, you're not going to be able to see this issue from a balanced viewpoint. no offense...
  ...other than doing a headcount, which reveals less than 1% has ever even heard of "jailbreaking" - it's a nonexistent movement.
  whatever % the jailbreakers claim, the mainstream news just prints it. there's no accurate way to measure...
  also, I could care less. iPhone jailbreakers are among the least relevant geeks on the planet.
  these clowns are literally committing felonies by the second. I've done nothing. your point of view is clearly skewed.
  no it didn't I have no fear of exposing the phony "facts" these loons all swear by. their whole community is one big delusion.
  I've dealt with these clowns before. their leaders are dangerous anarchists who are just plain scary. you want no part of that.
  these lunatics have been threatening my safety, my life, and my family's lives. my reaction has been, if anything, understated.
  the threats you're making are just enough to make you criminally liable for anything your followers might do. careful now :-)
  and I'll appreciate if you never link to our publication again. we don't need that bit of traffic, and we don't want your kind.
  you and your dangerously mentally ill followers are not welcome on our publication, period. that's why comments were closed.
  the fact that you folks honestly believe you're anything more than a fraction of 1% of the user base is really needs to be said.
  there were no factual errors. unless you're counting the phony made-up dogma you and your kind have based your religion on.
  it was an urgent warning to mainstream iPhone users to keep their own iPhone out of the hands of those loons.
  our recen traffic uptick began 3 days before the jailbreaking article was published. before quoting stats, maybe look at them?
  the article was written as a warning to the mainstream iPhone user base so they know enough to keep away from your type.
  and for the record, that article got less than 2% of our site's traffic yesterday. you guys are of no mainstream relevance.
  more than 100 of your followers have made violent threats which would get them jailed if I reported them. try retweeting that.
  if you had any idea how slimy and unbalanced many or most of your followers are, you'd disavow yourself from them in a heartbeat
  and for the record, at least 90% of feedback from your followers has been of the violent, profane, mindless variety.
  only when dealing with the hacker/jailbreaker crowd. the rest of the iPhone userbase is infinitely more civil.
  comments were pre-emptively closed because we knew there would be death threats involved as usual, and didn't need the headache.
  should I forward you the lascivious hatemail, and threats of death and violence I got from your followers last night?
 review: iHome iP56 portable stereo dock for iPhone and iPod 
 Score.
  you know works best for with women? when I forget to mention that I write about technology :-)
 Since Google has been lying about Android activation numbers from the start, why would anyone believe them about Google+ user numbers now?
 Google says 0.16% of the world's population has joined Google+, well on its way to attracting the entire geekiest 1% of the population.
  so that's why they never got the iPhone there...
 For those wondering how the current deficit standoff will play out, see season five of The West Wing (hint: the stubborn President wins).
  shh, quiet ;-)
 Delaying my departure by a day so I can tend to a certain phone interview this evening. I've only been wanting this one for, well, ever :-)
 In protest of the NFL lockout, I vow not to watch or attend any NFL games until it's over. That'll show them.
 If guys on Foursquare are supposed to be so cool, how come you never see them "checking in" between a girl's thighs.
  if you saw the death threats I've received from jailbreakers since last night, you'd see these guys are already there.
  when anarchists become violent, I believe the word then becomes "terrorists"
 What I've learned: in addition to being fanatics, anarchists, and thieves, most jailbreakers are also the unevolved scum of the earth.
  the iPhone 5 will have the same dual-core (twice as fast, more or less) processor as the iPad 2.
 Google+ is like a new kind of phone that only lets you talk to other people who have that same kind of phone, and no one you know has one.
  I'd recommend the movie Trash Collector, but it's only playing on Monday and Thursday mornings. There, how's that?
 Google+ is like a new kind of phone that only lets you talk with other people who have that same kind of phone, and no one you know has one.
  next time watch the movie Trash Collector, it's... wait nevermind I don't have a joke.
  thanks. but that means I'd have to pay attention to teams and sports I don't care about. and that's most of them :-)
 Kobe Bryant says that if professional basketball teams are shut down by a lockout, in the mean time he'll play for the Clippers.
 Just got the hatemail of the day: It starts with "Your an idiot" and ends by calling me "Robert" instead of Bill. This one's a keeper :-)
 One thing I've learned: when hatemail starts off with "do some research" it's invariably coming from someone who has done no research.
 New Rule: websites which use Flash must come with an FDA warning sticker.
  on an article like that, I know enough to close comments in advance. but these threats were emailed to me. by more than one of them
  so you won't be outside my house with a pitchfork, along with the others? ;-)
 I equated jailbreakers to religious fanatics, and the jailbreakers have responded by vowing to "destroy Beatweek." Point proven, I think.
 Remember two things about the geeks who control tech headlines: They worship Google for being geeky, and despise Apple for being mainstream.
 Ben Folds tells Beatweek about his upcoming Cosmopolitan Las Vegas gig - 
  great talking with you today. can't wait to hear the rest of the album :-)
 Having one of those "Am I the only one who gets this, or am I the only one who doesn't get this?" moments. So far I give it 50-50 odds :-)
  she'll be on the cover of Beatweek Magazine in late July :-) it'll also be on Beatweek.com at that time.
  all Android apps are terrible. They're built on an unfinished OS made of quicksand. Just like Windows.
 Twitter for Android is just now getting multiple accounts, years after the iPhone. But Android geeks are too busy feeling superior to notice
  nothing that won't heal in time :-)
 Just had a great chat with Skylar Grey, and now it's time to head back to Los Angeles starting tomorrow. Tell the world that I'm coming home
 Looking forward to the Harry Potter 7 movie, but I'm not so sure about this new spinoff called "Snapes on a Plane"
  you love Apple and music? Why are you not a part of the Beatweek staff? :-)  
  no one in the real world cares about iTunes DRM or ever has. That's always been a geeks-only issue.
 I would buy every episode of Star Trek: Next Gen if it were in iTunes. But not from Hulu (junk), Netflix (hassle), or DVD (this isn't 1997).
 I've been practicing for the upcoming NFL lockout by not watching the baseball season. So far, I like this lockout.
 Here's what you're missing out on by not being invited into Google+ yet: 
 Looking forward to the Harry Potter 7 movie, but I'm not so sure about this Potter spinoff called "Planet of the Snapes"
  the idea w/Beatweek is to have tech writing mixed in with mainstream content, so mainstream folks will actually read it :-)
  my problem is I would love to discuss tech w/mainstream folks but they don't want to. and the geeks are all in delusion-land
  yeah, it was the  folks who gave me my first external exposure. until then I was just blogging for no one :-)
  heh. most of the people who attack me are Mac geeks. they hate me even more than PC geeks hate me. what does that tell you.
  ...because in the mind of a geek, the "modular open" Mac mini is the one true Mac, and the iMac is the devil.
  it's like when I point out that the Mac mini is a failure as a home desktop. they go nuts and call me the antichrist...
  no, these were Mac geeks who would attack me for making simple statements. Mac geeks are just as delusional as PC geeks.
  geeks refuse to acknowledge the mainstream exists because they think they ARE the mainstream. it's why they're insufferable.
  the new website design? no, it's a disaster. more clicks required to perform the same basic tasks. I refuse to use it.
  every geek out there swears by the same exact (obviously incorrect) set of "facts" about tech. there's just no hope there.
  in 2006 I could tweet a simple fact (Safari has 80-90% Mac marketshare) & geeks would label me controversial & demand proof.
  it's less of a "community" now because it's more open and mainstream. but it's infinitely more useful, and stomachable.
  I've been on Twitter since 2006. In the early days it was a waste. just a bunch of geeks being geeks. no real point.
  in my estimation, myspace's user count was about as legit as AOL or those Android activation numbers. Murdoch got duped :-)
  myspace was over before Murdoch bought it. and I was on FB early enough to see that it was nothing like the Twitter geekwank
  just like how Napster was never in mainstream usage. Most people were still on dial-up during Napster's supposed height.
  actually, no one drove myspace except media coverage. back to my point about it having only been mainstream in name only...
  and my point is that myspace wasn't mainstream just because the geek minority briefly embraced it.
  I don't have conversations about technology with geeks, period. It's delusional hell. So let's just end this.
  one in four Americans on MySpace ever. but back inside your bubble, you geeks can believe whatever you want, I guess.
  besides, anyone breathing real-world air outside the geek bubble knows from common sense that no way in hell were...
  no. 70 million worldwide. I know that stat. if LA times said otherwise, they misquoted it.
 Ben Folds talks about his Cosmopolitan Hotel gig in Vegas on July 15th 
 review: Westone 4 Quad-Driver TrueFit Earphone 
  MySpace topped out at 20 million U.S. users. That's 7% of the U.S. population. Mainstream my ass. The numbers don't lie.
  sounds like you're so insulated inside the geek bubble that you don't know the mainstream exists. no one was on myspace.
  nope. MySpace was the first social network everyone had HEARD of. but only a single-digit %of the population ever used it.
  that's like saying the Rio was a "mainstream" MP3 player before the iPod. most didn't even know MP3 existed at the time.
  it was the closest to "mainstream" in its era. but social networks were not mainstream at all at that time.
  Facebook was the first mainstream social network. Twitter could have overtaken it, but it was held back by all the geekwank.
  actually, MySpace never had a prime. despite the talk, it never had mainstream numbers. no one's parents were on it.
  nope, Facebook was flush with mainstream college users from the start. no geekwank, which is why it beat Twitter.
  but Google+ wreaks so thoroughly of geekwank, I believe the mainstream may turn up its nose and refuse to participate.
  no, Twitter changed when the mainstream arrived - and the Twitter geeks fought it every step of the way.
 I give up on Google Plus. 100% of the people in there are from the geekiest 1% of the population, and most have no idea the other 99% exists
 Finally did my three mile walk. Think I'll skip the hot tub tonight. Already did enough sweating in the midnight Florida heat :-)
  aha. that way Facebook can claim "millions of users have tried group chat!"
 In response to Google+, Facebook has placed a "Try this now" bar on the right side of ever page that you can't get rid of. That'll show em.
 My friends from  have published a fun book for under $6. Check it out on Amazon: 
  the recovery will be complete once I re-enter Los Angeles city limits. until then...
  so you're all set now? :-)
  I figured it had a 50-50 chance of working.
 Google builds Android OS on stolen iPhone secrets. HTC builds Android phones on copycatted iPhone technology. Apple sues, wins. Geeks whine.
  even better if you say 60-40 but then refuse to say which side you're leaning towards :-)
 10 minutes to shop, 45 minutes in line as cashier has long smalltalk session with every customer in front of me. Small towns are not for me.
 If someone asks you to predict something, just say 50-50. You'll be right either way, and end up looking wise for not speaking in absolutes.
  Uncharted is playing in Outback Steakhouse right now :-)
 Puddle Of Mudd interview: rockers help past music get re:(disc)overed 
 review: JayBird JF3 Freedom bluetooth wireless earbuds 
 Reeve Carney interview: Spider-Man on Broadway star talks U2 and his own band Carney 
 Those who cannot distinguish their politics from their religion are competent to discuss neither.
 Sometimes you just have to blame the rooster and move on.
  billpalmer
  did you not get yours yet?
 Anime Expo 2011: Beatweek on site report by  in Los Angeles 
 Twelve-day-old South Sudan has already established itself as a secular nation, something the U.S. has been struggling to do for 240 years.
  spend enough time trapped in a small town, and it'll rub off on you.
 Calling it a night. Every day grows closer to something.
 This upcoming week I may be able to begin the journey home. I've never looked so forward to anything in my life. Goodnight.
  your mommy has good taste in music :-)
  keep trying, we're told they're only allowing so many invitees to register at a time.
 We're giving out Google+ invites right now on our Facebook page: 
 I'm gonna sleep good tonight. Friday is upon us. I need this weekend for catch up work. So much fun stuff to do, so little time :-)
  iA100 is still my favorite among their alarms, but it's got quite a price tag on it.
 review: iHome iD9 portable stereo dock for iPad 
   my gut says he'll be a regular, but not necessarily the star in terms of screen time. which would be smart.
  thanks! DM me your email address so I can send you the invite. thanks!
  DM me your email address. thanks!
 David Cook says he's unsure if he'd have won American Idol with J-Lo, Steven Tyler judging him - 
  yep, but watchable. the characters of Jim Carrey, Will Ferrell, etc, were IMO unwatchable.
 Love the idea of James Spader on The Office. It just might work.
 I heard they're making a movie about the early days of Google+ and it'll be called The Anti-Social Network.
  those were good times. but we each discovered Twitter back then, we weren't pre-selected for it like some genetic experiment.
 Dear UK: if you take down Rupert Murdoch, we're even for that whole "saving you from Hitler" thing. Sincerely, America.
  and I believe that geekwank level is x10 in G+.
  we'll see. I believe Twitter's mainstream adoption was hurt/slowed by the geekwank going on back in the 2007-2009 timeframe.
  cartoons about how awesome it is that the mainstream isn't there, "Google+ 1st Generation User" badges? It's a joke in there now.
  ...but I think the geekwank fanaticism on G+ right now will scare the mainstream away if it's still going on by then.
  I agree that G+ already has arguably superior technical/functional groundwork in place over Twitter and Facebook...
  agreed, it's better than flat-out improper usage.
  most of what I see is "thank god the mainstream isn't here." what happens when it goes public and the geek cheerleaders revolt?
  "geek" doesn't mean techy, at least not by my definition.
 Scoble does a nice job of explaining why Google+ will never be more than an insulated geek hideout 
  really? When I use one I always feel like I failed at constructing a non-interrupted sentence.
  I would, but they're not currently allowing it.
 Pleased to announce that Beatweek senior editor  and her husband  are having a baby! Follow  for the scoop.
 Best part is where CNN changed my words about Zuckerberg's movie portrayal "autistic Darth Vader" to "robotic misanthrope" LOL
 Awesome. CNN just quoted Beatweek after what we wrote about Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg yesterday 
 I tried Google+ again. It's still mostly just geeks bragging about being early Google+ adopters. Still useless, for now.
 iPhone 5 August/Sept release date: five reasons it's worth the wait 
 Just walked three miles. Sitting in a hot tub.
 Mark Zuckerberg strikes back: Facebook plus Skype fights Google+ coup 
 review: iHome iD9 portable stereo dock for iPad 
 Wake me when Zuckerburg is done wasting time talking about dead-end browser based crap, and gets to the real apps.
 Zuckerberg just used the word "logarithm" on a slide. He's mistakenly speaking to the geeks in the room, instead of the world watching in.
 Mark Zuckerberg's press conference: "Please don't leave Facebook for Google+. They're even less trustable than we are."
 Beatweek is looking for one additional iPhone/iPad/iOS app reviewer. If that's you, inquire at billpalmer
 Beatweek app review by  : Craigsphone adequately brings Craigslist to iPhone, iPad 
 The Definitive: eclectic UK duo chats about upcoming debut album 
  yep, by George.
 Wow. I have more energy than ever. That transfusion must have included tiger blood and adonis DNA. 
 54 years ago today, two musicians first met in Liverpool named John and Paul. They later went on to become the Pope.
  Hi Linda, Beatweek Magazine is 100% digital. Our issues are available for free on Beatweek.com. Hope that helps. Thanks!
 Kill your kid? Go free. Expose corrupt government secrets? Go to jail. Slit your wife's throat? Go free. Steal your own trophy? Go to jail.
  you're not moving away from Hollywood, are you?
  that's why I always eat the second one first.
 It was good to be out and about today, spend time with family, & do something "vacation-ish" for the first time since I got here. Goonight.
 We had dinner and the restaurant didn't catch on fire. Now I think my luck's improving ;-)
 That awkward moment when your boat has to be towed to shore by another, smaller boat.  
 "This is weird and creepy. But mostly creepy." - my niece
 Actually, scratch that. The boat just ran out of gas a few hundred yards from the dock. NOT KIDDING.
 I just took a boat for a three hour tour and I didn't end up stranded on an island. I'd say my luck is improving :-)
   Google+ is, like all other Google products of late, a blatantly stolen idea made needlessly geekier.
 Nothing but blue skies and turquoise water  
 I'm on a boat. Don't worry, I'm not the one driving it :-)  
  nope. Facebook started college-only. Twitter did start geeks-only though.
 The lunatics still claiming there was an iPhone 4 "antenna issue" are no different than the lunatics claiming we never went to the moon.
 As it turns out, every day is in fact the Fourth of July. Either that, or this new iCalendar app sucks.
  alright I admit it, that was my stunt double. I only walked 1.9 myself.
  thanks! so far so good.
  make that two :-)
  thanks!
  yep :-)
 Fireworks should be every day 
 RT  Happy Independence Day. Or as dogs call it, Terrible Boom Boom Nightmare Day.
 Just walked two miles. I feel GREAT.
 Google says Google+ app for iPhone/iPad already in Apple's hands 
  nah, I'd love to attend. just not healthy enough yet to get on a plane to London this week :-)
 review: Altec Lansing MIX iMT810 portable boombox for iPhone and iPod 
 Just got invited to a Noel Gallagher press conference in London in two days. Dang. Not feeling THAT healthy yet ;-)
 Dining out for lunch and then back to work. So much to be done now. Never been so pleased to be working on a holiday :-)
 Google+ invites create timeline full of geeks bragging, plus little 
 Grilled burgers. Fireworks in the street. Not a bad way to end the day. Now it's time to sleep like a baby :-)
  actually, I ditched the goatee at the start of the year - but I've been careful not be to photographed since ;-)
 Google+ is just like Facebook, if Facebook consisted of nothing but geeks bragging about having their own social network to themselves.
  thanks Snaggy!
  thanks Antonio!
  thanks Elsa!
  thanks Elle :-)
  thanks Clint!
  thanks Brian!
  that's what they tell me. feeling pretty good though.
 The final word on my little health scare (it's all good): 
 Just walked out of the hospital. Feeling great. I'm told you get bonus street cred for surviving fatal experiences :-)
  it's noticeably thicker than the Air, but it does last longer. I think I gave you my Air last year LOL
  Mophie Juice Pack Plus
 Doctor: "You wanna go home today?" Me: Yep. Doctor: "By the way, where did you get that iPhone battery case?"
  like I can take over the world :-)
  thanks!
 They've moved me downstairs and, if the test results are good in the morning, I get to leave :-)
 By the way, don't let all this medical talk distract from the fact that David Cook is on the cover of Beatweek Magazine 
  well, if it's working for you, then that's a good thing :-)
 Here's a full list of what Unnecessary Roughness the TV show has in common with Unnecessary Roughness the movie: the name.
  appreciate it!
  getting there, thanks!
  so far so good. Thanks!
  thanks. I was only on it for one day, believe it or not.
  thanks. went smoothly, as you predicted :-)
  thanks!
  in this town? LOL. They've been good to me though.
  hey don't make fun of people in gowns right now LOL
  Freebird? ;-)
 Transfusion appears to be going well. Might still get out of here before the fourth of July. Looking forward to lunch :-)
 Looks like a need a blood transfusion after all. This just got real.
 Goodnight kids. Looking forward to tomorrow.
 Anyone ever seen Mark Hamill and Bob Costas in the same place at the same time?
  that's a good question :-)
  I know it's a lifesaver in extreme cases. But doctors are handing it out like candy. It was given to me for a mere root canal.
 Your mileage may vary, but Prednisone very nearly killed me after one dose. Best I can tell, it's a widespread thing. BE CAREFUL.
 Sobering thought: doctor just told me I lost half the blood from my body. Still hoping to be discharged today, though.
  thanks!
  long story. should be out of the hospital later today :-)
  thanks!
  thanks Daniel!
  thanks Brian!
  violent reaction to a drug my dental surgeon prescribed. Lost a lot of blood, but not so much to need a transfusion.
 I was able to stand up for two minutes today without falling down. That's progress from yesterday. The things you take for granted.
  can't wait to come see the Cosmopolitan myself :-)
  because rock music was still good, George W Bush hadn't yet destroyed us, and the fight was over what to do with the surplus.
 Call me sentimental, but I like the old Twitter Search better. Mainly because it worked and the new one doesn't. But other than that...
  I agree :-)
  thanks, glad you liked it! It was a fun conversation.
 Tomorrow I disappear into the lonely desert southwest for days, with home awaiting on the other side.
  also, with no chance of contention, might as well make it entertaining. Vince's fumbles and tantrums are always funny.
  this season is only "successful" if it ends in regime change. so if they want to bring in a bozo QB, I'm all for it.
  sadly, both would be an upgrade over anything we have now. so would McNabb, Vince Young, and for that matter a Kardashian :-P
 My conversation with  about her phenomenal new album: 
  hey, mine too. getting older, we are indeed.
 Nirvana's Nevermind has its 20th anniversary re-release this fall. Another 7 years, and Smells Like Teen Spirit will be older than Kurt was.
 On the first day of free agency the Vikings got McNabb, the Redskins re-signed Santana Moss, and the Dolphins signed one of the Kardashians.
 I finally figured it out: you're only allowed to run up the national debt and start wars for personal gain if you're also against abortion.
 San Antonio. Dinner. Oil change. Onward.
 When the inventor of the Segway realized it was being used primarily by tourists, that's probably when he decided to ride one off a cliff.
 How come Anthony Wiener had to resign because of his wiener, but John Boehner doesn't have to resign for being a dickhead?
 Windows Phone 7 is set for a major update in the fall. Congratulations to both of its users.
 You know America's in deep shit when pastors are telling their congregations that God wants tax cuts for rich people.
 How Google Maps suggested I get to Cracker Barrel. My location at the time: Cracker Barrel parking lot.  
 “How do I insert a CD to the iPad 2?” Apple support forums gone wild 
  yep, and Google counts it as five activations.
 How you know the Android era is fading: Verizon is already giving away the two-month-old Droid X2 ahead of the Verizon iPhone 5 launch.
 The walrus was Paul, the seether's Louise, and I still don't know who the real Spartacus was. Goodnight.
 Brett Favre must thinking if he can hang the NFL another ten years, Aaron Rodgers will retire and he can get his old job back.
 RT  In today's media, a so-called "balanced" debate is between someone who is rational and someone who is not.
