 I liked 'PIXIES' in the PIXIES App 
 Swami confirms...  RT  So...Hot Snakes Reformation?  via 
 Just donated to the The 2nd New Los Angeles Folk Festival fund on Kickstarter, they only need $100 to reach their goal 
 Been waiting for this... Music Discovery Platform exfm Goes Mobile With A Killer App For iOS  via 
 This is a really interesting nuts and bolts look into Spotify... RT  Spotify Technology: How Spotify Works 
 RT   are playing at 8 in downtown LA tonight! Malibu native and debacle mag art event with an open bar! 334 ...
 How fucking stupid is this?  These two things together make absolutely zero sense
 RT  Wanna read an interview with me??: Gary Copeland: SXSW Music Festival and Rock Photography 
 Jail Weddings Post New Video For ‘Tough Love’; Announce West Coast Tour Dates:  via  
 RT  Johnny O’Donnell & Sacramento “The Gothic Singer” Music Video 
 Premonition13.com, website 4 new band from Wino, under the hood it utilizes work of   & Keith Wood 
 Love instagr.am? Love cats? You'll love   via 
  yep, thanks again, will buy you a beer.
  Great!  thanks Syd!
  thanks Syd
  IE8, sorry, not skilled enough in js to suss the issue out myself
  I cant get the fallback poster image to load using yr jquery.videoBG plugin, when I look at yr demo on IE I don't get it either
 Chicago's Permanent Records opening a shop in Eagle Rock this summer? 
 Ditto that RT  Dear  bands not showing up till Tues/Weds: These  guys have lotsa money and THEY NEED GOOD MUSIC REAL BAD!
 AMEN! RT  Who Gives a Shit About Coachella? All the Best Dudes are Playing Austin Psych Fest - 
 I can't wait for this! RT  The new Love Me Nots record will be called "The Demon and The Devotee."
 RT  Mastering a batch of songs to come out on vinyl for Record Store Day (April 16th)!!! Keep your peepers peeled!
 Stoked on the  premiere of Wino's acoustic song, 'Hold On Love', thanks  
 Just picked all the Woodsman releases on vinyl, including the new one, Rare Forms 
 Dirtnap Records: How A Portland Label Became Denton Punk Rock's Biggest Advocate 
 Listening to the new Mind Spiders LP   The Marked Men, Riverboat Gamblers, Toys That Kill 
 Get a MOG subscription FREE for 30 days. I've had one for a while now and love it. 
 This review of the  line up is why I love  well this and his worship of Gail Simmons breasts 
   u guys r probably right, the guy is getting fat, did u see his live special earlier this year, hes packing em on
 Really? If so, that is kind of awesome... RT   man vs food guy is actually a vegan unless he's taping!
 If you have a pulse, that's all you need to get a job at Ikea.
 Love the Target employees that let their freak flag fly
 RT  Johnny O'Donnell supporting Troy Von Balthazar (Chokebore) & J. Irvin Dally at Bootleg Theatre TONIGHT, starts at 8: ...
 Flying Horseman on   Nick Cave, Sonny Vincent 
 More people need2get down w/this RT  New interview! The music of  retains a steady undercurrent of.. 
 RT  This is one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen -  
 I dig it, go get it RT  Check out the Podcast I made last night. The first of many! Buddyhead Radio Episode 01 
 It's not until you move that you realize you have too many records.
 RT  whooo hooo...  just confirmed for our xmas party on 12/9 at the Prospector with  and Hass ...
 Time Warner or AT&T U-Verse? Anyone got any opinions? Looking for both cable and Internet.
 I know we're on Beatles overload right now, but this LennonNYC doc on  is good
 Hi   etc, on Friday I will be sleeping in & then donating 2  4 friends/fam who dont need more useless shit made in China
 Proposing a RIYL Mog.com  for Twitter 
 Woodsman on   dreamy psyched out instrumentals -  ...playing in Irvine tonight!
 Nuce RT  I had a Bob Lefsetz moment:  I was skiing w/Felice in Chile when suddenly an Eagles song came on
 Yay! RT  SXSW in March, album due out March/April 2011
 About time people start talking about this... Fingerprints moving to downtown Long Beach; teaming up with Portfolio 
 Woodsman in LA this wknd, Irvine on Mon RT  Go peep our new session with WOODSMAN! good vibes for a sunny Friday! bit.ly/9KVFK4
 RT  Awesome episode of  this week feat. Torche. 
 RT  Know your "Zamrock"? Check the 3LP Zambian rock reissue from Now-Again, advance release via Stones Throw 
 Looks like it's a beautiful day in ATX RT  Needless to say  slayed  Great crowd 
  my brother tells me that Old Focals in Pasadena is great 
  Try PlainText (free), it's a Dropbox text editing tool, u can specify a specific folder & share it w/others 
 RT  At tonight's FREE Johnny O'Donnell  show w/John Carpenter, 1st 30 guests get a FREE copy of 'KOREAN DEBU ...
 I think they probably meant you  RT  I think that dio  is standing in front of me and 
 RT  LA 2nite! Valient Thorr/Red Fang/Green&Wood   Early show (6 PM doors), All ages! 
 Pre-order  "Love Is Lawless" from Insound.com & get a free CD featuring tracks from their out of print 7"s 
 RT  Next month we're premiering acclaimed neo-noir crime epic, Red Riding Trilogy, across three consecutive Sundays, st ...
 No iPod on my run this morning was excruciating, especially with a Katy Perry song stuck in my head... shoot me now
 New Valient Thorr video is a kick ass homage to TS's "We're Not Going To Take It" & Aerosmith/RunDMC "Walk This Way" 
 Home from a quick 22 hour trip to Portland to see  and hang w/Chris/  now scarfing down some Secret Spot
 In Portland for the day for Fall Into Darkness tonight... man there are a lot of white people here.
 KCET to cut ties with PBS 
 Hell muthafuckin YES! Get this right now, it will rock your Thursday... Wildildlife – “Give In To Live” 
 Good show coming up this Sunday (10/10/10) Residual Echoes / Mmoss / Catwalk / Haunted Tiger  The Smell ($5)
 RT  Jog my memory, is a "music blog" where they give away records for free or where they rewrite press releases?
 must leave work
 Honestly I'm surprised they made it this long RT  Noooooo :-( RT  Thank you LAPD. We're shut down for the time being
 Hello Portland, Fall Into Darkness fest - Earthless, Danava & Wildildlife at Berbati's Pan on 10/10/10 
  that pizza looks so good, where is Cruzer Pizza?
 RT  KICKSTARTED! The brand spankin' new trailer to our  campaign. WATCH IT NOW! 
 RT  NIN and Mogwai flims this weekend at the Art Theater in Long Beach.
 RT  Stream Tweak Bird's forthcoming debut album & watch an awesome live clip from Handsome Fest: 
  that's an artist issue and not a platform issue...yes add to iTunes is pretty irrelevant.
 Get on it son! RT  Why They're Called... Valient Thorr + MP3 Exclusive! 
 Love this band! RT  Family of the Year - Mondays in September - FREE! - 
  I went to The Blvd a couple weeks ago, really like the place, too bad most people prob wont go there cause it's in Boyle Heights
 Hanging at Warped Tour today,  are playing at 2pm on Punk Rock Legends stage, fffuucckk it's muggy out
 And  RT:  LA!!  and  now carry out full length record "Max Baker", go and get 'em!
 Packed  up with last of their 1st press of Reservations on vinyl for their tour starting on Wed. Now listening test of the new LP!
 Got the TIVO working overtime tonight, heading over to  to see 
 The Blank Tapes Hit Southern California This Week; Playing  100 Closing Party Tonight in Downtown Los Angeles: 
 Long Beach! TiVo Mad Men tonight and come to Que Sera to see Wildildlife & Emeralds, booked last min, not on club cal. Both from Seattle.
 Looking for something to do tonite Long Beach? Come to Que Sera to see Wildildlife & Emeralds, booked last min, not on club cal. Both frm WA
 Yep, we're at the fair 
 Night Marchers and Obits at  was fucking great... All Night Long!
 Obits are playing too! RT  RT  Night Marchers July 20 at  in Long Beach, CA.
  it's hot, sunny and rainy in SoCal this morning, it's like being on Warped Tour.
 RT  note to artists who give away a MP3 for an email address, 95% of the time i just want to stream the song, not download it
 New songs they played last time in Eagle Rock were insane... Night Marchers July 20 at  in Long Beach, CA.
  that's how I am too, don't think I've been to a movie since Dec. Btw, I will take care of those emails on Fri., this week crazy
 Looking forward to seeing this this weekend RT  "Inception." My review is now online. 
 LA meet up needs a location, ideas? RT  RT  LA Soundcloud Meetup 
 RT  RT  Re ASCAP's attack on  Challenging ASCAP President Paul Williams to a debate: 
 Long great day, 3 bands thru the office, saw a friend's new baby for first time and found out that another friend has one on the way!
 Just downloaded John Carpenter's "Fairy Tales Forgotten", just 5 bones, thanks  surfingonsteam 
  really excited about the possibilities of something like Flattr, if you could hook up an invite I'd appreciate it.
 Just as the game starts getting good, I have to go to work, I need  Slingbox
  on par with MobBase for low  of users/installs, but Sound Around's pricing tiers for high  of users/installs blow competition away
  re SoundAround, I did the Riverboat Gamblers app, features r still pretty lite, but interesting ideas on roadmap & open custmr ideas
  Also read  thoughts  - re: Pitchfork’s Altered Zones by Leor Galil 
 Be Still (feat. Janelle Monáe) by Big Boi: 
 RT  we were in the   on friday! here it is if u wanna see us on the other side of an interview 
 RT  1st edition of new monthly Mixtape Podcast assembled by new White Noise band  from London 
 This calls for  - RT  Victory   
  damn, if you don't have FTP access, I don't know what to say
  did you get the blank page fixed? Happened to me yesterday, it has to do with the wp super cache plugin.
 Just downloaded the  iphone app, now enjowing First Listen: Alejandro Escovedo 'Street Songs Of Love'-More at 
 Someone's getting stir crazy in the bus RT  "Drop your cocks and grab your socks":  circa 5 min ago /via 
 All LP's for $5 and most 7"s for $3 at MolSook Records, get Torche's self-titled reissue, Wildildlife, Genghis Tron 
  No, but my friend is a race car driver that gets car sick in regular cars. How fucked up is that?
 Had a dream last night that I met both Mick Jones & Mick Jagger. Jagger & I were discussing the awesomeness that is Dexy from 
 Spread it... RT  RT  Calling all LA music folks! 1st ever OpenMusicMedia LA this Thurs 19:30 
  do it, you'll only be able to use it when you are on wifi, cause otherwise you'll be getting charged up the ass for data
 Not really excited about the prospect of leftovers for dinner. Can it just be tomorrow already so I can watch World Cup and go for a run?
  grab clothes, shoot the shit
 Met  when he swung thru the office today, super nice guy, not that I was expecting different
 Anyone else see the new Big Boi video for Shutterbug? I'm digging the song and vid 
 After Orel Hershiser, Griffey was my favorite player when I was growing up RT  Ken Griffey Jr. Retiring At Age 40 
 They "trimmed" (totally topped it) the tree outside my apt, now the birds that lived there have find a new home...I feel kinda sorry 4 them
 Realizing almost eveything I ate today came wrapped in a tortilla... burrito overload
 It's a Thin Lizzy kind of morning, cleaning apt so I can have fun the rest of the weekend
 It's like the MC5 meets Sly & The Family Stone... only with a lot of more facial hair 
 Check this out from Valient Thorr  of their new song called DOUBLECROSSED - 
 Help raise awareness to the Gulf of Mexico oil spill by reading the info and deploying a social  at 
 New music so excellent i just happily paid 5 bucks for it, thanks for tip  
  RE The Pacific, stick with it, I was hooked by the 3rd episode when they get a short leave in Australia
  I don't think so, the flash issue, like the objective c req, is about controling the experience & providing best $ 4 Apl...iAds
 Dave James (frmr Noise Noise Noise owner) has opened Factory Records in old SoundTrolly space 440 E 17th St, Costa Mesa 
  I would think  would be just as appropriate as 
  awesome, guess some people must have misplaced their Internet manual
   thanks, they informed me the item that was backordered that i wanted cancel, has now arrived, been waiting since 1/12
 Photos from Kauai vacation last week 
  No idea if my CustomerService request went thru on BestBuy.com (blank white page after hitting submit), want to cancel backorder
 If you r a "publicist" pitching bloggers read this RT  4 Reasons PR Agencies Are Failing in Social Media 
 Nice and realistic case study... RT  Zero to 1,000 Fans in Under Two Months 
 Bummed... RT  King Sunny Ade's North American tour canceled 
 Finished my  shopping, went to  at 7am, got the Fela, Strummer, BMSR and Japandroids vinyl. Stuff was dissapearing fast!
 Wedding-ing it up, who decided suits were a good idea? They are so  impractical
 Just ordered up the new Magic Lantern LP and 7" (been waiting forever 4 these) and the new Sun Araw 2XLP 
 Totally just blasted this dumb PR person. serioulsy people, research who you let be your representative to the media b4 hiring them.
  download the mp4 Quicktime source file (right side of page) open in Quicktime pro and export as aiff, if no QT Pro try Google
 We at  r offering up  "Home Away From Home" for FREE for the next 30 days, it's fantastic 
 Pass it on RT  We're looking 2 hire an entrylevel associate Web & Social Media Developer, send us yr resumes 
 Melissa Auf der Maur at the Viper Room - March 30, 2010 
 Hangin with best dudes ever, 3/6 of Vaux, who now play in Melissa auf Demar's band
 Excited for  when Joe Strummer & the Mescaleros' Global A Go-Go and Streetcore, get their vinyl releases for the first time
 I wanna win KSA tix RT  Ticket Giveaways coming up! Diblo Dibala and King Sunny Ade live at 
 We came to your stupid fucking party, now come see our band! 
 Teenage death metal at Hoek's
  saved my friend's life tonight!
  at Threadgills 
 Hitching a ride on the Bing.com shuttle again heading to Threadgills to see  
 Welcome to Jam Rock
 Ahh, heaven... Jackalope's for a Geniness bloody mary.
 Bing.com shuttle from the airport to hotel, thank you! $20 extra now for the booze fund 
  can you put me on the list for your party tomorrow night? I forgot to do official rsvp. Reid Sheldon
 Where I'll be in Austin this week for SXSW   and  
 "Lemmy is God" Airheads (1994) 
 One shouldn't piss off God // RT  The lead singer of Motorhead is 20 people back in line. Noones letting him in. Buaaha (via 
 waiting for my  API key, yesterday you had to email them for it, checked back today, now it's an online form, hopefully they r fast
 OH at lunch in OC in today "thank God for Fox News"
 Just uploaded tracks from  &  artists whoR playing  2   group HypeCloud 
 RT  Robots May Break Your Heart music video posted! We also made the song a FREE download - 
 What is the position on giving people the finger during "No Cussing Week" this week? Just wondering, 'cause I'm having one of those days!
 CZ & I will be there! RT  2NITE  &  prsnt Free Energy,  Early Dolphin & Tomorrow's Tulips
 See  at  tomorrw night! RT  Download a brand new Blank Tapes song on  
 Just finished 2ndepi of "How to Make it in America", nice choice by  of Blank Generation as the credit song 
 RT  new write up at Now This Sound Is Brave, that includes a link to download the album for free 
 RT  Ebert's reaction to the Esquire article and why he gave so much access (via   /via 
 Finishing up the Esquire story on Roger Ebert, watched him on TV for so long, now just reading. Nice article. 
 Listening to Rebel Rebel by David Bowie, actually been listening to the whole album, Reality Tour, all day  
 Ok, who is going to Punk Rock Bowling this year? 
  oh yeah, and Happy Birthday
 RT  Attn people who email me to "check out their band no one's heard of"-there r still Neil Young records I havent heard, fuck off
  it's not spam, chill
 Nice, looking foward to it! RT  rehearsing with drummer & bassist, working on album, getting ready to play noise pop and sxsw!
 Custom Year Long Disaster Music Video Generator  (via 
 Downloading the Chop 'N Quench Fela Kuti re-releases from Knitting Factory Records, almost 1GB of music  
 RT  i won the over/under on Pete Townshends windmills during halftime, next bet, how long will it take 4  2 send an email
 Heading to San Diego for ASR for the day,  plays the  booth at 4, hit me up if yr gonna be there.
 This Spotify keynote with Tom Silverman is like a Larry King interview.  
 Just posted a blog/photo recap from  at Marquis Theater in Denver w/High On Fire, ASG & Kandi Coded 
 At  having at great time celebrating his 10 anniversary with  
 This deserves a company wide email: RT  Which one of you puked in our office last night?  is really gonna be bummed
 I got a free copy of Volcom's BS! & entered to win a trip 2 Hawaii for the 2011 Click here to enter
 What all that Blizzard Bizarre Tour hashtag business is all about 
 BlizzardBizarre Tour            
 New SUN ARAW song "Bump Up (High Step)" from a new 7" of the same name out now on Not Not Fun 
 Photos of the flooding where I live and work (Long Beach and Costa Mesa)... because who watches local news anyway 
 Reporter sees brief Costa Mesa tornado tweet, tracks down  for news piece 
 RT  Local LB Alerts -  Tornado Warning, Flood Advisory, Coastal Flood Watch, 
 RT  tornado touchdown 2 blocks away! ripped the skylight out of the roof of the warehouse. waiting for the 4 horsemen of t ...
 This chick next to me smells like she sleeps on a bar mat
 When did Harrison Ford decide to start doing TV movies?
 Heading to see Year Long Disaster at Spaceland soon, some dude named Wayne will be kicking out jams with them. YLD goes on at 11pm.
 w/  and  - RT  super fun dinner with   and  
 All sorts of new jobs posted for Volcom, of particular interest to most followers might be the Web Developer job 
 Back from NYC, my liver hurts. Had a fun time with the  people and it was great to see 
 Territory BBQ and Light In The Attic Team Up For Funky Soul Party Tonight 
  'cause you are secretly a prep
  yeah stuff gets going that day, but sxsw is so bloated that you are going to miss stuff no matter what
 At the  Christmas party, already been put to work. Bring me your unwrapped toys!
 TONIGHT - Avi Buffalo play The Prospector in Long Beach at 12AM (via 
 RT   Dam-Funk Leaks Free 12-Min Song on Twitter [MP3] - Los Angeles Music - West Coast Sound 
 RT  BuddyPress running on WordPress without WPMU:  Check it out!
 A few photos from last night's Jail Weddings show at Surf City Saloon down in Huntington Beach 
 With  in HB to see Jail Weddings and Woven Bones.
 Free  in-store performance at  in Long Beach, CA tonight at 7pm, call to rsvp (required) 562.433.4996
 help Railcars kick start their Kate Bush "Hounds Of Love" recreation project 
   all 8 episodes of Joe Strummer's London Calling BBC radio show are available on iTunes podcast 
 At the dog show in Long Beach, hoping for some moments right out of "Best In Show"
 Feb 3rd  Troub RT  U.S. Tour Announced with Prefuse 73 and The Gaslamp Killer! More dates soon! 
 RT  Cinespace is wilding! Save the date for dec 29th dam funk ( full band live set ) pase rock skeet skeet hosted by Daymeon!
 RT  RT  go rsvp to our christmas party before we fill up!! details are a click away! - 
 This is seriously awesome! The Muppets doing Bohemian Rhapsody, featuring cameos from all your favorite Muppets 
 Great article on the Lumberjack Mordem debacle RT  Got my new Razorcake in the mail! Do you read Razorcake? You should.
 This totally made my day - New Magic Lantern LP, Platoon, out next month, listen to excerpt on  
 Another photo from Jail Weddings at  last week  
 Jail Weddings at  last week  
 new Topspin platform update, oh the possibilities, so much to dive into!
 At  for Jail Weddings, Dutchess and the Duke playing too
 RT:  Tonite it's the must see band Dante VS Zombies feat. Dante/ Starlite Desperation, Gabe/ Jail Weddings w/ Tijuana Panthers!
 Hitting Red Room tonight  9 in LB to catch a showing of Flip's "Extremely Sorry" flick and a DJ set from soundtrack's producer, 
 RT  Benefit T-Shirt for Ian on sale this weekend / Fun Fun Fun Fest 
 RT   Get them before they are gone! | New Arrival Sun Araw - In Orbit (Cassette) - 
 How-To: Integrate  into Facebook  (via 
  thanks, stoked that everyone is catching on to these guys, good job man
 Hey  the download link from the Fools Gold lp isn't working for me, can you send me another link or something?
  in   see him   today  read interview in  
 RT   - Night marchers 
 RT  Ya know those band shirts where all the words are huge and take up the whole shirt? Those suck. Trend is over. Move on.
 RT  Kanye finally got hip to how awesome the album Never Better is by P.O.S. Check out the vid   
  I fig u might know this since  is using Topspin but this conversation is happening here too 
 Night Marchers in Eagle Rock for  FYF Fest show 
  did you not get your 3pm soda? Remember man, stay on schedule
 Why I don't mind my commute home 
  Riverboat Gamblers  and White Noise recs 
 ok, who's going to this tonight? RT  Jail Weddings Performing Tonight with Night Marchers & Night Horse 
 Testing the limits of the "if it fits, it ships" claim
 Commentors on AOL's Spinner apparently hate people on bikes, immigrants, the non-famous and heath care reform 
  she told me she used to deal she said she couldn't get to her records in storage (she was pretty immobile) try replying to ad
 anyone who looking to do a big buy of psych, fuzz & garage, try getting in touch with lady, said has a bunch in storage 
 Girlfriend not home so I got up early and went record hunting at garage sales, found some pretty decent stuff
 Making a quick stop on the way home at  for a little Friday record shopping
 RT:   are auctioning off a NOFX COKIE THE CLOWN 7" TEST PRESSING to help raise some money for Ian 
 RT  Google Music One Box: Makes Music Play With Hopes It Will Pay 
 RT:  Stream entire Extremely Sorry Soundtrack by Baron featuring Lemmy, Lombardo, Black Mountain, Early Man 
 RT  Dropping off records at Burger Records 
  not an Angel fan, my girlfriend is, my allegiance remains with the Dodgers. Hoping for freeway series though.
 Seafood paella is a success 
 Watching Angel game and making seafood paella, crossing fingers both turn out alright
 RT  Buy the new Kurt Vile album "Childish Prodigy" at Origami Vinyl and receive a free ticket to his show at Spaceland on 10/23
 Watching the Angel game with Liz, she keeps yelling at the TV. I myself am a Dodger fan.
 Best Buy hands down new first week sales threshold policies to CD distributors, effectively squeezing out indie lables 
 Dodgers couldn't rally, at Spaceland for Mack Winston, The Growlers, BLK JKS
 If your in long beach tonight, go see 60-watt kid at the  Best of Long Beach bash at Shore (pch & 2nd)
 Jail Weddings West Coast Tour Kicks Off Next Week:  (via 
 RT  EXCLUSIVE DOWNLOAD! Baron featuring Black Mountain from the Flip Skateboard Extremely Sorry Soundtrack 
 RT  Skeletonwitch...don't miss out this Sunday at 5PM! Come in and buy their new LP "Breathing The Fire" 
 I'll be at this killer show next week at  with BLK JKS, The Growlers and Mack Winston and the Reflections 
 check out  i sync work tower, laptop, mini & iphone... organization is the name of the game, 2GB acct is free 
 Long Beach's Free Moral Agents and El Paso's Zechs Marquise will hit the road for a short tour, no local dates 
 Nice,  to distribute  
 Great step-by-step walk thru of how/why to use Google Analytics tracking from  in Tracking for Dollars 
 Chewy 
 On October 10th SUN ARAW and MAGIC LANTERN will be playing the FRISCO FREAKOUT 
 2 live videos of Sun Araw in Spain on The Wire 
 Congrats to the new proud papa 
  at  
 At  for Tweak Bird,  is sick still
 Watching  slay it at 
 RT:  Fool's Gold Debut Video for 'Surprise Hotel', I'm looking forward to picking up the LP on Tuesday 
 RT:  RTX "Nature's Way (Spirit cover)" ♫ 
 RT:  Primal Scream "I Want You (Troggs cover)" ♫ 
 RT:  MCD Records is auctioning off a signed framed test pressing of the Upsidedown Insideout LP. Bid... 
  love  every one I have been to the employees are always so nice
 Good read...looking forward to seeing what Sean has brewing RT:  New post on SBDC: Blog Advertising is Broken 
 At the  to see the 
 RT:   Pearl Harbor plays tonight w/ Best Coast & Neverever in Silverlake  Territory Records/BBQ - 8pm - FREE!!!!
 "I love to Power Glove, it's so bad"
 RT:  Incredible Used LP's hitting the Bins/Wall Today!  Don't miss out on some great Psych, Jazz & More...
 Riverboat Gamblers are hitting the West Coast with Dillinger Four and The Arrivals, tour starts tonight in Seat... ♫ 
          
 Rt: DOWNLOAD THIS NOW from MAGIC WANDS  magic wands 'treasure' (demo) • FREE download •  (via 
 RT: PRIMAL SCREAM / RTX LIMITED 12" VINYL RECORD! BOOM!  (via  (via 
 RT: Goons of Doom tonight at the OC Tavern... in OC. San Clemente, to be more precise. You should totally go! (via 
 love Troggs' original, also def check out Primal Scream's take on it Troggs' "I Want You"   ♫ 
 love Randy California's original, also def check out RTX's take on it Spirit's "Nature's Way"  ♫ 
 kinda boring, but the girls in it are hot and bouncy RT: Silversun Pickups' Premiere Video For 'Substitution': 
  speaking of, you remember this one? 
 Woah, watchin P.O.S. on Cinemax on something called Tour Stories
 Ran by the BC walk in LB this morning, thought about my best friend from high school and his family
 Heading down to san diego for ASR, hit me up if you're going to be around
 Grab a couple MP3s: Mikki & the Mauses tour kick-off and album release show TONIGHT at The Smell:  (via 
 reason 687 not to attend a festival 
 Standing next to my bros out-of-diesel car in the sticks while my mom goes to find him & fuel, only 1 car has stopped, it's full of stoners
 needs this holiday weekend so bad!
  Omar!
 checking out RockDex  after reading  article that used  as an example 
 I plan on seeing  and  tonight at the Prospector in Long Beach: 21+, 10pm, $3 w/ the bumpers + rachael cantu!
 RT:  Q&A with Music Publishers Damon Booth and Tom DeSavia of Notable Music 
 definitely not feeling it today, hoping some Advil will help take care of this headache
 it's that time, time to head home
 YouLicense launches 3PM.FM mp3 dual over-the-air and computer download store, but rapes artists by taking 50% of sales 
 more re-enforcement from  - Are you wasting your money on PR? 
 new music site from former  music ed. John Payne  (via  (via 
 Jail Weddings Record Release Show Tonight:  (via 
 calling a T-O on the news, tivo season passes have been deleted
 Last day of vacation; Beer, pizza, nachos at the airport. I see a long a run in my future tomorrow
  I feel the same way, can we get a donotmail list. bedbath&beyond is the worst, I don't need the same coupon every week
 Anyone else notice the similarities: Erik Prince/Blackwater = Steven Newlin/Fellowship of the Sun 
 RT:  Audacity kick off U.S. tour this Thursday 
 Sam (KUCI) attempts to play 1 piece of music per country in the world until every country has been represented, DL 1st  
  get out here to california
 if in Long Beach tonight, head over to  to see The Blank Tapes around 8pm  
  new  API by  is pretty sly, after oAuth, tweet and follow but get nothing, sorry no thanks, now unfollow 
  liz is going to be jealous when I tell her
 With  at the mountain bar for blue jungle and bogie ogreton doing  stuff
 totally ripping! RT:  Check out Tool (Danny) / Tweak Bird (Ashton) dual drum solo for Lateralus 
 RT  Mikki and the Mauses: la-underground posted a photo: Sean Carnage 4 Year Anniversary at Women 
   i'm throwing my vote in for Santa Monica Fish place
 White Noise to release Terrors’ “Angelino Dread” this Fall:  (via 
  feels so good doesn't it?
 seriously not pumped about this whole Check Engine light that has nothing to do with emissions, is going to hold up my smog check & cost me
 Is there a DoNotMail list? Tired of getting BedBath&Beyond coupons addressed 2 to Resident evry wk Wonder how many forests they've depleated
 slept on this one, just picked up Food's S/T LP that came out in January, it's the record that almost never was 
 smog check, damn you dmv
 At The Lab about to take in an afternoon set by The Blank Tapes
 RT:  'We’d be a BK Turbo Joe.' - Audacity interview up over on  
  ♫   pick it up here: 
 listening to Heru Avenger's 'Magique Mistress' totally made my morning run, feeling real good right now
 check out the BS premier 2nite at Lido in Newport bch RT:  Win a copy of BS! and some super limited Volcom gear: 
 Donated guerrilla campaign promotes the Salvation Army  more photos here 
 Bogie Ogreton - No Good at Nothing: this song is fucking beautiful 
  you missed lunch today with me,   and  make it up to us on Friday?
 RT  Brand new Wildildlife song "Stormbringer" for VEVC0009 with Harvey Milk ♫ 
 RT  Brand new Harvey Milk song "In The Ground" for VEVC0009 with Wildildlife ♫ 
 add to the too many Darling bands list, Summer Darling, thanks  
 Free Blue Jungle and Bogie Ogreton show at Mountain Bar next Wednesday (7/29)  (via 
 too many darling bands; Darlings, The Darlings, Those Darlings
 cool interview with Greg Werckman of Ipecac Recordings 
 check it out, another new Sun Araw track, download The Message at 
  nice FREE example; Ikea is doing well while other home stores suffer, is offering free child care 
 would be nice if you could narrow Twitter Trending Topics to pull from just the people you follow, someone build that into an app please
 Going for a walk, the after dinner kind
  interesting, as in shitty?
  WTF? I can't believe there is an official gillette video for that
 not into Down, but RT:  $5 tickets: DOWN, MELVINS, WEEDEATER, DANAVA  the Wiltern (coupon code: subway$5tix) 
 Yes,  RT:  Any coincidence  deleted twitter account day tickets go on sale for final shows?
 feels slightly animalistic biting into a ripe pluot, juice dripping everywhere. hey give me a break im a vegetarian, that's all i got
 Half day Friday, home with beer chips and guac, a little laundry then prob walk to Fingerprints
 new Sun Araw song, "Heavy Deeds" from the album of the same name, download the mp3 
 Anyone notice in Safari 4 that when you click on a bit.ly shortened iTunes link, it freezes Safari?
 T Boone Pickens Scrapped the World's Biggest Wind Farm  Massive wind & solar farms are not the future 
 this reads like an Onion article 
 Chris Anderson's "Free" was the soundtrack to my morning run, up to chapter 3 so far.
 Welcome Mikki and the Mauses to the White Noise family:  (via 
 ok, just listened to RAA, wow, what a YAWN 
 30 shows a yr isNOT playing frequently & until now, ive never heard of RAA, but then again, I dont read P4K  (via 
 just downloaded up the Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic Zeros full length from itunes, I really liked the songs on the EP 
 ahh, just another reminder of how glad I am not to have to go on this tour anymore  (via 
 RT  For 48 hours only! Every SWA city is on sale $30/$60/$90 one-way! 
 heading home, leftover "chicken" fajitas are calling my name
 BackType Tweetcount Plugin for WordPress  (via 
 RT:  TWEAK BIRD to support TOOL on select U.S. and Canadian tour dates... 
 Bad idea: Hummer as a company car. Basically says, "we're assholes, don't do business with us"
 You're Gonna Miss Me, the Roky Erickson doc is on Sundance channel right now and again at 1:15pm, set your Tivos. This is a must watch!
  4 hours, find a comfy chair and a good snack
  just embrace man
 great Harold Ramis (Caddyshack, Groundhog Day, Ghost Busters) interview 
  felt the same way when i watched it, planned on breaking it up into two viewings, but got so sucked in I watched it straight through
 Break out the Sensei, Tweak Bird are going on tour with TOOL: 
 An explanation behind the inactivity on IFAN and moving forward… 
 watching American Masters - Garrison Keillor on  and updating  website
 Always On Tour: Audacity, Tweak Bird and The Blank Tapes announce new tours: 
 Next best thing about farmers market fruit and veggies, behind the freshness, no stupid stickers on them
 Fuck this intersection, PCH and 2nd, can't imagine what traffic will be link when build over the sea port motel
 just got some new Black Tusk songs, they sound really good, they'll be on a split with ASG coming soon 
 At  mega bbq/house party
  is the old guy stage the only thing that is going to keep you sane this summer?
 RT:  Gonna be a perfect day for a party; Audacity playing the Thud Piñata and Skate Party 
 Check out The Anasazis, debut 7" on I Hate RockNRoll out soon, playing The Smell on 6/30, RIYL: Strange Boys, Black Lips 
 With Pizza Hut becoming just The Hut (), all I can think of is this: 
  NYC: Party Lose Mind Maybe Ear 
 Watching USA v Spain at Great Mex, this game is insane
 mmm....beer
 Finally going to watch the first two episodes of Weeds this season
 Hawaii vacation booked, haven't been since I was in 9th grade, Liz was born there but has never been back
 You write about POS and Astronautalis a couple times and all of a sudden on a whole bunch of hip hop pr lists
 randomly opened a demo from a band called vagina panther, the album art was like what I would imagine porn in the Sims world to be like
 douche bag press photo overload 
 in post lunch food coma, listen to the new Dios 
  wish I was riding the Green Dragon right now
 At a Catholic wedding, wish I had a Kindle
  I am finally getting around to watching Backstage Passport
  can't wait to hear the new album
 1 more time RT: RIVERBOAT GAMBLERS cover Prince's 'Let's Go Crazy' for Spin Magazine's Purplish Rain tribute 
 RT:  check out Jason Lytle and Aaron Burtch (formerly of grandaddy) tonite in Long Beach at 2025 E 4th St. Long Beach Art Theater
 Division Day announce new release, new label and post new songs 
