 Just remembered tomorrow is the Indians game I've got tickets to, It'll be cool my son's first professional sports game and he doesn't know.
  I enjoyed homefront, but after playing BFBC2 so much that it drives me nuts in homefront I can't drive over a tiny fence.
 RT  RT for a good cause. Each retweet sends 50¢ to help kids in foster care. 
 Don't get me wrong bringing in other characters can be fun, still was wanting more normal mk fighters.
 RT  Freddy Krueger Slashes His Way into Mortal Kombat  you have to be fucking joking was hoping for mk fighters
    i'd be playing it right now except I'm at Cedar Point with the wife having a good time, can't wait
 I just completed Mortal Kombat's Arcade Ladder with RAIN in 13:21 minutes on BEGINNER.
  there is no good answer,as I dislike the idea of good job on being succesfull, providing jobs, working so in turn pay mre taxes.
 RT  One of my favorite movies of all time (Aliens) was released 25 years ago today. James Cameron = Genius!
  cool, get it for pc or Xbox either one as it is cross platform play. I have it on Xbox and do well even against the pc players
 RT  We are looking for our next Gamer of the Week tell us in 140 characters why you should be our next gamer of the week!
  had a pretty fun night on BFBC2 last night, I just wish more tvgp community was willing to give it a go. I think they would like it
  I'll post alice, and child of eden reviews today.
  classed base fps, that is cross platform between xbox and pc. Every character can upgrade things each round but start over pergame
  also should be super cheap like 10 bucks and under.
  game we could play is Shadowrun, good online play. You can either play it on PC xbox, since both platforms still play together.
  shadowrun does bots for offline and even online play.
 I just earned Best...Alternate...Ever! in Mortal Kombat.
 I just earned Tower Master in Mortal Kombat.
 I just completed Mortal Kombat's Arcade Ladder with KENSHI in 21:54 minutes on EXPERT.
 RT  DEAL ALERT! Don't have Child of Eden yet? For shame! You can correct that at Gamestop right now for just $29.99! . ...
 Anyone else want to play some mortal kombat tonight (xbox), I think I'll be playing some and want to play with some people.
  that sony tv shown at e3 does use 3d glasses, weird thing is they said the glasses won't be the same as the other 3d tvs
  added you.
  probably for the same reason I enjoyed the broken two worlds (1)
 I need to see this when it comes out. " Juan of the Dead.
  when playing borderlands in the zombie island dlc. Team mate died on final boss and came back and beat boss myself 
  when playing borderlands in the zombie island dlc. Team mate died on final boss and came back and beat boss on mt own.
  It's weird as I've never really had a major issue with lighting in my house with it. I wonder if it's a tuning and space thing.
  agreed, my wife and I loved him since season 1
  sorry to see you go, best of luck to you.
 RT  Casey Anthony was really found not guilty? Did the jury consist of 12 sad dudes that wanted to fuck her?
 Disappointed to find out the Kenshi did not release on Xbox Live today as it should have. Me and my Kombat pass are very sad panda right now
  Well worth it, and use the Kinect for it. I find it very good that way.
 Excited to get home, and if there is anytime left over tonight I will be playing some ,Mortal Kombat as Kenshi is released today!
 RT  Folks! It´s time for an awesome giveaway :). Retweet + follow and have a chance at winning an ATI Radeon 6970 card :) h ...
 I don't knw if this is normal but I see way more DS lite commercials in a day than I have for all 3ds advertisements.
 I just completed Mortal Kombat's Arcade Ladder with ERMAC in 22:48 minutes on MEDIUM.
 I just completed Mortal Kombat's Arcade Ladder with SKARLET in 21:52 minutes on MEDIUM.
  Wonder if it's something to do with the HTML used in it, and the distillers built into Outlook, Also would depend which version
  we could place the panda bears there so they are no longer hunted.
  Ahh crap, now I want to pull mine out of the garage and play some more Seaman.
 I think everyone needs to go out and try Alice Madness Returns. One of the best games to com out this year.
 Tried a bit (one round) of Uncharted 3 Beta, thought it was pretty neat. Never tried Uncharted online. I think I might give it another try.
  Can't help but agree, like I said personally one of my favorite games of this year. Only thing better so far was Mortal Kombat.
  yes finish it, it does make some sense towards the end. Love the game one of the best this year. Still nothing better than MK.
 RT  MK9 "Pong" mini-game starring Nightwolf, Johnny Cage and Kratos !
 RT  Here is the YouTube version of the Kenshi Vignette !
   Sorry to hear that, the amount of game packed in there for 60 dollars was already alot, and 15 bucks for 4 more not bad.
 RT  Any  fans out there? The spiritual successor -  - is on sale for $34.99 (X360) for TODAY ONLY at Amazon: ht ...
 RT  Deal of The Day: Child of Eden is $34.99 (Save $15) 
 RT  It is funny, because it is true. Org Charts for major companies: 
  Also of note, it is one of the hardest games I'm proud to say I have beaten. I guess to some extent I like punishment...
  Deadly Towers for the NES,The difficulty was so high, if the game could have, it would have smashed my balls w/ a ball peen hammer
 Came to the conclusion that E-mail Archive solutions should be a standard at organizations. Poor planning and funding makes our lives hell.
  Personally for guys I don't think there is such a thing as nice sandals.
 RT  *Great* job post title: "Sony Electronics is looking for a talented Sr. Application Security Analyst for our HQ in San Diego ...
 Holy smkes batman I literally just saw a guy on 8 south driving while wearing a full on batman mask.
  I think the cannon crabs are representative of the big burly sailors she was having problems with when they pulled from the water
  I love Alice as well. If you notice her reality blends into the wonderland. Like the water level and she was at the wharf in rain
  Believe so, as I I think it's in the options and just switches it all back over.
  personally love the game and would suggest a surround sound or really good headphones for playing. Love the kinect's use on it too
  not yet, make sure to get the cheevos for collecting items, and 100% purification.
  Looks like Kenshi will be a great addition to the game. Thanks for the continued addition of characters.
 RT  Alice: Madness Returns is on sale today for $39.99 
 El Shaddai is giving a $10 credit from amazon for pre-ordering it.  Now would be a good time to get a copy ordered.
 RT  If someone tells you they prefer cats to dogs, I'd say the odds are pretty hi that you are talking to about a dozen  ...
  cool, glad you like.
  they are turtle beaches though. You should try a pair out, I think best buy has demo units up.
  bjs
  hey 45 bones for a starter ps3 headset like I mentioned before. 
  thanks you!
 RT  Yuengling expanding to Ohio in October. America's oldest brewery continues its amazing renaissance. 
  Not sure call of cthulhu dark corners of the earth was a classic, it's 5 years and some months old though.
   Favorite song of the bunch has to be CNR great fun!
   Less then 4 dollars on Amazon, everyone should go buy the new Album!
   Not necessarily when we continue to increase the amount of those considered poverty and slowly erode the middle class
  really wish we could have heard something about yur current project. Any clue when we will know more.
 Commercial Popcorn Machine should be arriving at my house today. So begins the first of many things and work for my rec room/bar.
 RT  Just noticed that Amazon.com is now doing Release-Date Delivery for El Shaddai. PS3:  Xbox 360: http:/ ...
  enjoy child of eden, I love it and glad I already owned a kinect because it doubles the length of he game easily.
 Wow, so far not impressed by the new seesmic updat on my droid. Caused nothing but problems so far.
 RedBox starting tomorrow has $2 game rentals, interesting concept not sure how valuable that is unless you can plow through a story mode.
   Personally I've enjoyed child of eden so far. It is shocking to see it so short, w/ potential ok replay value.
 RT  Congratulations to  which celebrates its 100th Birthday today. A timeline of milestones  
 RT  2enter: RT "Help  reach 100k followers 4a chance 2win 1of5 1yr Gold Subs. by 11:59pm PST 6/19!" ^KN
 Cool little gadget for Kinect, wonder if it will work well and if there is a loss in fidelity (finger tracking) 
 7 days until Scarlet is released. I can't wait, my favorite game of the year just keeps getting better.
 RT  Skarlet will be available June 21st. So will the free Cyber Ninja skins.
 RT  Skarlet release date, free cyborg costumes, Rain? Wow... 
 I can't wait to play some Child of Eden today. It's been one of the games I've been looking forward to the most since last years E3.
  I can't wait to get it tomorrow, side note looks like my copy of Alice may have shipped early.
  giantbomb said microsoft said 40 dollars for halo anniversary. That could change though I guess.
 RT   just sayin' 
 RT  E3 exclusive: Transformers: Dark of the Moon (T):  Retwet for your chance to win a copy of the game! 
 Thinking on it though where is the Alan Wake reveal at E3 I thought there was more info on that coming soon.
  Thank you for all your Video/podcasts, they have been amazing and a really nice insight into the industry that I could never see.
   Glad to hear, and I think it's a nice pallet cleanser prior to Vegas. Enjoy!!!
   How has the US trip been so far?
 RT  E3 exclusive: Madden NFL 12 (E):  Retweet for your chance to win a copy of the game! 
 RT  There is a demo for El Shaddai ASCENSION OF THE METATRON now on the  Marketplace: 
  next question would be, do you think its a purchase for you?
  Glad to hear, I liked the combat because it was different and rhythm based instead of super mashy.The art and story my favs for it
 Just to be clear though, I played the demo yesterday and I really enjoyed my time with it. Can't wait until its released confirmed purchase.
 PSA to my gaming friends, El Shaddai has a demo on XBL. I would really like all of you to try it. I'm curious of what others think of it.
 I think one of the few exciting new IPS shown at any of the major press events was Cryteks Ryse game. If this offers some form of Co-op.
 I'm actually thinking of Buying Ghost Recon because of the E3 demo, all because of Kinect.. I've never before purchased a Ghost Recon game.
 Saying that I actually really enjoyed looking at the kinect games from Microsoft and I applaud them for the major push they are giving it.
 Looking at E3 so far and thinking I don't think Microsoft could have done much more.They sold 10m kinects they need to justify its existence
 RT  The wait is over -- the El Shaddai demo is available for download NOW on Xbox Live! 
 RT  E3 exclusive: Bioshock Infinite (RP):  Retweet for your chance to win a copy of the game! 
 RT  i don't think i'll need to remind you guys of how excited you were for 3DS because this is worse than i could have imagined.
  I'll admit it that I'm willing to give it a try, and I'm hoping that EA will show the undisclosed kinect game to be fight night.
  Not that you should be excited for it but Ryse was shown quickly.
 RT  E3 exclusive: Your Shape Fitness Evolved 2 (RP):  Retweet for your chance to win a copy of the game! 
 RT  E3 exclusive: Rise of Nightmares (M):  Retweet for your chance to win a copy of the game! 
 RT  Giant Bombcast: E3 2011 Day Zero 
  I love your e3 video opener and it helps I love The Life Aquatic.
  lol, last night. From what I gathered it was not too bad.
 RT  E3 exclusive: Ghost Recon: Future Soldier (RP):  Retweet for your chance to win a copy of the game! 
 Believe it or not out of the m$ conference I was most impressed with ghost recon's use of kinect. I knew it was coming but not like that.
  Agree I've been waiting on something for that game since TGS
 RT  E3 exclusive: Halo 4 (RP):  Retweet for your chance to win a copy of the game! 
 BLUE42!!!!!
 Fistbump!
  Microsoft's mobile streaming feed. 
  Also Giant Bomb did have a link on their website to every Conference adn the times, not sure how mobile friendly they are though.
  I'll look for one, I think Microsoft had one that they had already posted.
  sorry I could make the meetup, ended up having some family things come up. Hope everyone had fun this year!
  The art Looks great, I'm excited and can't wait for the game to come out.
 I'm getting pretty good at these crappy lines....or maybe not.
 Battlefield 3 has battlelog, and it sounds nice. 
 I like the cost of BattleField 3s Elite service called battlelog..FREE!!! 
  When and where can I pre-order the US release version?
 GiantBomb's QL at El Shaddai 
  Giantbomb also has a look at it as well, and the concept is pretty cool and something that is not normally touched on.
 El Shaddai comes July 26 in North America, I'm rather interested in it and will probably pick it up. 
 Crap more MK avatar stuff, the Baraka Helmet looks great. I must not purchase them  .
  Sorry to hear that, I guess it makes me feel slightly better. Still my wallet is in pain.
 Whew, I was beginning to miss paying $4 a gallon of gas.<sarcasm off>
 Mass Effect 3 Better with Kinect? 
  DarkWatch is a great game, and can be picked up cheap. Also note it is a game that is backward compatible for the 360.
 Thinking about it today, and it seems Warner Bros are becoming a good publisher, they've released Mortal Kombat, and picked up Bastion.
 DarkSiders 2 coming, which is great to hear and well deserved another try at it. 
 DarkSiders 2 coming, which is great to hear and well deserved another try at it.  www.gamercomet.com
 Currently at the memorial day parade waiting for my daughter walk through.
  Alan wake is a must one of the best XBOX360 titles made to date.
 Watching my kids play little big planet. Funny to watch them argue over how to solve the puzzles.
   Best of luck to the both of you.
  Really like the article's honesty, great job as usual.
 Lets try it again >Ghost Recon's future on kinect possibly revealed at E3? 
 Ghost recon future's on kinect possibly revealed at E3? 
 Looks like some more kinect games are coming as promised, maybe a crimson skies sequal? 
 In working with Exchange for about 10 years now, I can say that I have never seen as many problems with RUS then I have this week.
 RT  Oh that Portal 2 link also allows you to download the entire soundtrack for free! Pretty cool. 
 Not a big hip hop guy but I still can't stop listening to Watsky's album definitely worth looking into if you have not yet.
   The Klassic DLC is kinda annoying as I'm going to be repurchasing Ermac and Reptile. If only there was a better way
   I don't think they can give the klassic costumes out, as it would hurt those of us who bought kollectors sets.
  Can't wait, MK has been my favorite game this year.
 RT  MK DLC news coming TODAY !! (finally)
  I'm sorry, please keep in mind he does noot speak for all f us.
  4 player co-op campaign that last 8-10 hours long.
  really like the new layout of the homepage.
  Quan Chi where he beats them to death with their own leg.
  Tilt question: Stephen King vs Alan Wake. The dark twisted stuff coming from both with would be well worth watching.
    eternal sonata looks amazing also.
 RT  The Method and Madness Behind a Mortal Kombat Fatality 
 Crap now it looks like I'll be picking up the this DLC as well. This game is so darn good.
 RT  Looking for Scorpion, Sub-Zero, Reptile, Ermac, Jade, Kitana, and Mileena in their old school attire? Consider this ...
  Well the Frostbite engine is an upgraded one, and some of the in game video they have shown in Alpha build looks like real people.
  BFBC2 is great on my xbox, and the way the game looks I don't think I can afford the new PC just to play the game.
  oh goodness yes, I can't wait for battlefield 3. Picking it for the xbox 360 though.
 Battlefield 3 is my most anticipated game of   via 
 I shit you not I just heard a parent call their kid raiden as their first name followed by middle name then last name. WOW
 RT  RT  Recorded my first 4 hours- 8 to go. No spoilers, but it's even better than you think.   ...
 Well waiting on my daughter's girl scout bridging ceremony to start. Then home and some MK.
 I just unlocked all items in the Krypt in Mortal Kombat.
 I just unlocked Vampire Kombat from the Krypt in Mortal Kombat.
  sorry tweeted at the wrong person, silly phone and I was paying enough attention, Have a good weekend.
  would be, but wife wanted to visit family.
  I have to agree, the guy was one of the few who reached such a level. 
 RT  Everyone please play this video on loop all day today. 
 I'm going to go through some of my stored stuff I might still have the Macho Man wrestle buddy in my garage. 
 Please don't mind, but I will be using  for the remainder of the day.
  died in car accident, had heart attack while driving the crashed into tree.
 Wow Randy Savage this makes me sad, I loved watching him as a kid. My Grandmother even one year got me the Macho Man wrestle buddy, sad day.
 RT  IT COOL PEOPLE BELIEVE WORLD END TOMORROW! DRUNK HULK JUST MAD THEY NO USE SPOILER ALERT! DRUNK HULK LIKE GOOD SURPRISE!
  I don't think I have enough time for two fighting games, lol. I love mk dude the game exceeded my expectations. Justinwong is beast.
  I think they did a couple of videos on MK when it came out did you watch any of them? (not training videos).
    I chose not to just getting the collector's set instead as it will match the other versions I have.
  I'm throwing my support for Wayne Allen Root.
  personally getting my first 44% damage combo makes me want to play more mortal kommbat.
  ouch, that is no good. Hope its not serious.
  same thing.
 RT  Congrats to  for winning the $10k 1st prize and to everyone for making this a great event.
 RT  history isn't written by the victors. it's written by the nerds the victors hired to write history for them.
 I just completed Mortal Kombat's Arcade Ladder with ERMAC in 45:58 minutes on EXPERT.
 I just completed Mortal Kombat's Arcade Ladder with JADE in 13:30 minutes on BEGINNER.
 Want to be flown out to E3 to see the new BioShock Infinite demo? It could happen, on Irrational’s dime:  
 RT  PSN is up and running! 
 Not even sure how i'm going to get that out of there now which is what sucks the most.
 Yes it is friday the 13th, what else should I have expected. 
  Well I would suggest when you can pick up the game, it's great and not too mention the arcade collection coming soon.
 Oh crap thy have added avatar clothing for Mortal Kombat. I might actually buy some .
 Mortal kombat  on npd, with Portal 2 in a convienent 2nd place. Both well deserved (npd numbers do not include steam numbers).
 RT  To win 2100 MS points Follow and RT, we will give this final prize out once we hit 250 followers.
  kinect sports is a great and well deserved. Glad to hear it is successful.
  Personally not a tough decision, no interest in COD and my most anticipated game this year same day... I'll think I'll pick up BF3
 I think I'm going to have to get this one>.Quick Look: Jackie Chan in Fists of Fire - Giant Bomb  via 
 Ars posted an interesting piece on Brink  basically not reviewing it as review copies did not include day 1 patch.
 RT  Thank the Elder Gods: Mortal Kombat Arcade Collection Arrives Late Summer for $9.99 
 RT  Mortal Kombat Arcade Kollection takes gamers back to the arcades! Iconic arcade games will be available on XBLA, PSN &  ...
 I just completed Mortal Kombat's Arcade Ladder with JOHNNY CAGE in 13:46 minutes on BEGINNER.
 I just completed Mortal Kombat's Arcade Ladder with KITANA in 14:02 minutes on BEGINNER.
 Battlefield 3 is my most anticipated game of   via 
  Are you looking for a gaming desktop PC or just a good work PC?
   Cool and glad to hear it.
  Happy Birthday, enjoy your day!
 RT  Microsoft may have bought Skype for Xbox Live, but we just bought this kick ass surge protector for PSN.
 RT  New Alan Wake confirmed, but it's not 'Alan Wake 2' 
 I just completed Mortal Kombat's Arcade Ladder with SEKTOR in 13:04 minutes on BEGINNER.
  understand, i've yet to really dive into portal 2, been sucked into Mortal Kombat. Which is another great game!
  my personal favorite game of last year. Wish more games were like it, after completion had heavy discussion on what happens.
 Now hearing of more rumors on Alan Wake 2 All I can do is hope I see it at E3 this year. Not sure about the rumors of Kinect being added.
 RT  Alan Wake 2 shows up on CV - CGI team making something for E3? 
  I really want Alan Wake 2 to be more Alan Wake 1, not sure if adding Kinect will add anything of value to Alan Wake.
 RT  Alan Wake 2 Outed by LinkedIn Profile 
  not sure about the whole doing what its supposed to.
 RT  RT+Follow  by 11:59pm PST 5/8 2Enter to WIN 1of10 copies of the Triple Pack (Limbo/Trials HD/Splosion Man)! ^KN
 Interesting change not sure if its for the good. RT  PAX now requires a business license for your outlet to get media badges. Good.
   get you one to play with i'm assuming.
 RT   still has  for $29.99 ($39.99 on sale, $10 off in store coupon PLUS Kitana costume download!) f ...
   Never really realized that was the case, probably because I never use Games for Windows Live. Good point though.
 RT  Save $20 on Mortal Kombat. Today just $39.99 
  You could always play more Mortal Kombat, the challenge tower is pretty long (300 challenges).
  nope lost odyssey is one.
  no problem, enjoy the game one of my favorites of the year. Let me know if you need help somewhere else.
  Just remember to jump over the hammer throws when possible.
  Get on far end of screen, and use the low fireball over and over and over. It will dodge his spear throw and hit him.
 Battlefield 3 is my most anticipated game of   via 
 Just found out that Alice the Madness returns if pre- ordered from Amazon will include  the soundtrack. Can't wait for this game!
  Or maybe we're both junkies...... shoot just realized I've even watched videos of tournament play already.
  I don't see a problem, was thinking of picking up the tournament edition soon.
 Interesting read on Wire for the PSN security stuff 
 I'll admit it i'm happy for the mass effect 3 delay. Will make this holiday season a little easier on the wallet.
  Not sure if anyone else has pointed it out but Law and Order: SVU, is Amazon's deal of the day  $18.99
  nice, you'll love it.
  mk for 40 dollars, go get it. (Amazon has it) everyone should own this game, or be ashamed they don't own it.
 RT  Arrgh. Link fail. Here is a working Mortal Kombat link 
 RT  In addition to the Portal 2 deal () Mortal Kombat is also on sale today for 33% off   ...
 RT  This is a must buy deal in my book-> Portal 2 is $34.99 today only 
 My baby girl, she is amazing. 
    The game is well worth it.
 Just drove past gas station with $4.15 per gallon. Sigh
  Congrats on taking third place, Hope to see another tournament soon!
  Actually that is one of the reason I always by the point cards or game cards. Heck with Gamestop you also get reward points.
  YES Please!!!!
  Or on Sticky notes.
  Could you imagine the outburst if this was Microsoft in Sony's place? Personally people I think have been pretty easy on Sony.
  Great can't wait to see it, Love Mortal Kombat so far and can't wait to go home and play more.
 RT  Update on PlayStation Network and Qriocity: 
  Acquire the Colonel's Secret recipe, and access to a few gold bank deposits. Then move to a small island so I can live in comfort.
 RT  Robin, stop crying.
  Well glad your enjoying it, it is a great game.
  yeah those become fairly easy as all the characters moves are similar, for me its about being able to string combos and juggle.
  Trying to master Ermac, and Liu Kang. Online I lose more than I win but more practice and that should change.
  No worries, I'm not that good either online is still fun.
  No practicing for his mo-cap of the next Punch out video game.
  so now that you have played it, what do you think of mortal kombat?
 RT  Our production assistant showed me an iPhone game called "Fruit Ninja."  I feel I should be receiving royalties.  ...
    agreed
  I suggest you start on the story mode first. That way you get a feel for several characters.
  glad to hear its a great game!
  I'd take one of those  codes.
    I enjoy that Microsoft offers free xbox live this weekend coincidence?
 RT  while we all wait for Amazon to get its shit together, we should spend our time on this terrific tumblr. 
  Wish I could be home playing them right now, I'm at the office right now working.
  Yeah I've had some problems with keeping Pandora as well.
  nice!
  The one person in our King of the hill room was really good and was beating the snot out of all of us, would be better w/ friend
  Well played the King of the hill mode for Mk last night, and I thought it was good. There was a few small issues.
  will do, hoping to be able to try out party and everything else tonight. I wish I was home playing it right now.
  personally I think its worth a purchase, the amount of content is surprising i've yet to play online though, I will tonight.
 I must say froom about 3-4 hours of play on the new Mortal Kombat everyone needs to get a copy. This is now a standard for 1 player fighters
 About to get to the house where mk, and portal 2 wait on me.
  If you get a few extras I'd take them off your hands.
  Barracudas are great for the price. Currently using Tumbleweed appliances.
 Side note,was able to convince management to let me resize the disk for Exchange 2010, from 2 petabytes to 92 terabytes now. Very happy now!
 Side note, was able to convince management to resize the disk for Exchange 2010, from 2 petabytes to 92 terabytes now. Very happy now!
  as a guy who focuses on e-mail for a living, my life would be easier if they would just read the ndr.
 Amazing I want this out today even more RT  Buy the New Alice Game, Get the Original for Free  
  so excited for this game.
  I liked the demo, my copy for xbox should arrive today.
   personally amazon will deliver both to my doorstep tomorrow. Switched my mk copy to xbox though my portal2 is still ps3
  is there a drastic difference between the ps3 version and xbox360 version of mk other than the exclusive character.
  Nice, wish I was destroying some chickens 
  was listening to the podcast and actually shadowrun on xbox360 is cross platform between pc and xbox360 while playing online.
  Camping with friends is always a great activity.
  I'll be next for the  if you don't mind either.
  Me, I'm next if you don't mind 
  It would be better if the codes slowed down after I recieved one 
  Could I be one of them  code winners please?
  Nice, and lucky you. I'm excited for it just struggling with playing MK release day or Portal2 I have both pre-ordered.
 RT  Fawn Over Battlefield 3's Graphics Some More 
  Sad to say but I'd have to agree with you.
  OOHHH ME ME ME 
  I'm trying to keep them coming, it's hard to do while at work 
  Wish I could even try to enter the code xbox.com is struggeling keeps error page on me 
 Hope to get a  code while I'm away in a meeting  with my boss, need to discuss the Exchange 2010 upgrade vs Office 365 some more.
  Did you get a  code?
  I keep using it and have yet to win  some love this way would be great!
 Pick ME PICK ME 
 RT  Study looks at suicide and gaming. A little gaming each day tied to less sadness, fewer suicide attempts. . ...
   code would be great right about now.
  Actually meant to say any more  codes coming? rather.
  and more  codes coming, I want to smash some heads in.
  I did that as soon as it came up, great pic 
  and I'd be more than happy to use the  tag all you want today to get one, Heck I'll write a VBScript for it.
  I'm random enough I hope 
 RT  Want to help out the Portal 2 cause? I'll be giving away copies of AAAaaaaAAaa, Super Meat Boy, and Amnesia. Just RT an ...
   rdy  rather
  rdy
   Congrats on the  code.
 Holding on to hope to still get into the  early.
  Would be nice to have one tossed this way if you can find them 
  Shure I'm rdy 
  well I'm not one of those lucky people, but I'll take one none the less 
   Yes Congrats, Hope I can snag one  codes
  rdy 
  and the  brings the redeem code feature offline nice  
  I'd be more then happy to take one as well 
   Congrats on 
   will do that to a few people at least.
 Wonder if  voice will make an appearance in the  wouldn't hurt at all.
  Could be because of the  codes?
  I don't know about a bunny but I did see a chicken die in the  thanks to 
   Congrats on the  code and best of luck to you on the marriage been married almost 10 years now and its great.
  I'd happily take one from your hands for the 
  It would be nice if some in the community get the  now.
  I'd be happy to get the  sooner rather than later so who knows.
  Lancer, Gridlock  just to be sure.
 Just want to apologize to my friends today, all of my tweets will include  hash tag.
  Nice, I'm excited for 
 RT  Verizon profits in 2010 = $12b. 2010 taxes paid by VZ = $0. VZ Lobbying against  = $17m. Impact on net users  ...
 I have to admit it I'm really excited for Mortal Kombat to come out. Heck it's even the first game I've ever pre-ordered for my PS3.
  deadly tower due to its insane difficulty, Alan Wake for making me think, and interpret what happened.
  Old generation battle of olympus. Current generation I would say Shadowrun.
  I was just trying to think where would I even put that much disk let alone the cost.
  was looking at exchange 2010 storage and without thin provisioning i'm looking at about 2 petabytes worth of disk. Lol
  did you buy that san for yourself?
   one of the best movies of its time, netflix instant streaming has a decent hd version.
  Tablet King
  Jurassic Park! 
 RT  Want a free season of Telltale's Jurassic Park? RT, send me your drawing of a dinosaur, random winner gets games tonight!
  Does your car get checked every year for Environmental regulations?
  maybe i see a different web server and replication takes a minute. owell thanks for the chance maybe I'll hit next time.
  that is odd as i was hitting refresh constantly and it seems that some people still see it minutes before.
  Commanding Leader
 Avoid ohio 8 southbound, near cuyahoga falls. Parked right now due to traffic.
 RT  Rock Band 3 is $20 now. Forever. Buy that game. Now. Even if you already own it. Buy it as a gift for that special mus ...
  Robot Arms Rule
  Helmet Hair
  Congrats man, from what I hear that is a tough one to get.
 RT  Seeing an Oprah's Book Club sticker on a book you like is akin to finding out your office crush already did your bo ...
  crap, I thought that the answer was; that you can never have enough ninjas.
  a big fat picture of new york, there's a picture of new york.
  I love the dune series books, and weird ass movies. They are all crazy.
  for the price it should not be an issue at all, sorry to hear about it.
  is this a common problem? everyone else i've heard of has not had this problem.
  just picked up fruit ninja today on my android.
 Oh, shit! Swamp leeches. Everybody, check for swamp leeches, and pull them off... Nobody else got hit? I'm the only one? What's the deal?
  come to think about that might be the best.....
  horsetachio from viva pinata. Fatality would be feeding the opponent with it's candyosity untill they choke to death then explodes
 RT  More reasons to love DICE: they're making Battlefield 3's campaign around 12 hours long. Pacing will be key, though http ...
  what is more impressive that is your use of a stop watch, while said activity.
  the choice of the rachni queen in the first. It made me literally pause the game and think about the consequences of said choice
 RT  So, i've got a code for the new Mass Effect 2 dlc. You want it? Follow, RT, and tell me your fave ME1 moment in 140 and  ...
  hit me up psn id same as twitter and gamertag.
  play the warzone mode, best mode. great exp points also!
  agree w/ you killzone3 is great, I even enjoy the mp! Fantastic game!
  "but only slightly less well-known is this: "Never go against a Sicilian when death is on the line!""
 "but only slightly less well-known is this: "Never go against a Sicilian when death is on the line!""
  Live the Movies
  I know I don't help them cause I constantly tell them "to the cloud!"
  I've been in meetings with Microsoft for months now (cloud meetings) even their teams are starting to hate the commercials.
  I hate that word though right now, well no I change that I dislike Office 365, damn budgeting.
    Favorite movie of all time, and I'll admit it my son is named after the main character in the movie.
 RT  RT  We're now accepting sign-ups for the next  360 Preview Program. More details on my blog-> http ...
  agreed, it's pretty great on my Android!
  Thanks for the quick response.
  Do I need to constantly refresh page, or does the banner auto update.
 I'm going to find it and I'm going to destroy it. I don't know how yet. Possibly with dynamite
 Also tons of them at target for sale.
 Me and my son just played the 3ds and I was like everyone else surprised by it.
  The only thing that could have competed with WiiWare and DSIware, too bad Microsoft could never realize that.
  Cosmo Black and Aqua Blue 
  nope, I assumed at least one delay.
  lol, depending on how bad it is for him usually focus on red, green, yellow colors those are most likely his problem colors.
 RT  Don't be reckless with other people's hearts, and don't put up with people that are reckless with yours.
