 RT  Live in GA? Have a Republican representative? Tweet them and ask them to support a bipartisan compromise to deficit...
 Anyone using Kickstarter for a project?  How's it going?
 RT  Just 4 kids in an average classroom are getting enough physical activity every day. Sign up for our school e-news http:/ ...
 Target: sedentary behavior in tweens.  Check out the  project!      
 RT  To keep up with the latest  developments follow them on twitter! Background reading here:  
    Hi, thanks for the RT!  I find that "boredom" is an important part of the gestation of an idea.
    Boredom is good!  It just means the child hasn't yet found the next action to take.  Give it time.
 Being interviewed in a few minutes for a grad student's thesis on movement and dance therapy.  Sweet!
 Movement for Caregivers (To Reduce Burnout) - I'm giving a workshop TODAY in Stockton.  Come on by!   
 Great music! Stephane Grappelli, with my uncle the late great jazz guitarist Dave Goldberg, begins about 12 mins in. 
 RT  If the shoe fits... wear it? Facts and fallacies about today's trends for your tootsies. 
  Limon technique?
  Thank you for the encouragement to SIT and WRITE and work.... for the future! - Valerie
 Near Keene, NH? On 8/28 I will be offering a free early childhood movement class for parent, little ones. RSVP now. 
 Working on page layouts for our revised Games We Play And Sing book is not as much fun as playing the games and MOVING!
 RT  Just saw a guy walk into a pole while texting. Awesome.
 RT  3-D And Headaches: Why 'Avatar' Made Me Sick 
 Safe playgrounds are hurting our children!  A few bumps can teach lesson in spatial awareness, body geography, more. 
 Are your kids busy enough?  Too busy? Great article, via education.com.  
 RT  Hamsters run endlessly in a wheel only because they're caged.  Humans run endlessly on treadmills for the same reaso ...
 RT  Congratulations to Ronnie, winner of  weekend activity challenge!  
 RT  Ronnie earned 1425 Points by walking his dog, weeding his garden and doing chores. Wow! 
 RT  Caregiving in the Central Valley? I'm the speaker at the luncheon for HealingsInMotion Weds 8/27! 
 RT  Teachers & Studio Owners take note! There's still time to attend the DT Summit this weekend. Check out the awesome h ...
 RT  Interesting Article about Play 
  Hi, there... is there a link to the article?  Thanks... used your silks  this past month, leading movement!
 Home sweet home...office.  How pleasant to be at work at my desk, catching up with everything, altho' the teaching marathon was great, too.
 RT  Head Start toddlers on Pine Ridge Reservation need beginner pencils/jumbo crayons  Make a difference!  
 Hard surfaces or soft - what's better for runners?  Not so easy to say, via NYTimes. 
   Spacial Dynamics.  Big fun, most popular class around.  Hopefully will get to teach you guys next year! - Valerie
 Great photo up on my High School Teacher Training class in movement education class this week  
 Near Keene, NH? On 8/28 I will be offering a free early childhood movement class for parent, little ones. RSVP now. 
 Wonderful news for families in Westchester County, NY as the local Waldorf school opens an early childhood center. 
  Wish you had come by the Movement Room to say hello! - Valerie / Movement Ed teacher at RSC.
  Are you here at RSC?  Come by the movement room!  I'm there from 7:45 am - 11:15... then 2:00 - 4:00 this week, my 5th!
 Child development in movement from birth to age 18 - my course this week at Steiner College.  8 hrs not enough time!  
 Are your running shoes ruining your feet?  Another interesting article on one of my fave subjects - shoes! 
 Safe playgrounds are hurting our children!  A few bumps can teach lesson in spatial awareness, body geography, more. 
 Teaching "Movement Development of the Child From Birth to 18" at Rudolf Steiner College this week.  Lots of fun, questions too.
 RT  If the shoe fits... wear it? Facts and fallacies about today's trends for your tootsies. 
 Will we see more heading in youth soccer after the brilliant match in the World Cup yesterday? Are there dangers? 
 RT  The wise infant - develops healthy movement on his own, in this article about pediatrician Emmi Piklar 's...
 RT  Six Best Exercises You Never Heard Of «  Agile Aging 
 Six Best Exercises You Never Heard Of, my recent blog that can help you and yours change your health. 
 The wise infant - develops healthy movement on his own, in this article about pediatrician Emmi Piklar 's work.
 Spacial Dynamics grad Tami Ordonez just published her "Movement and Academics for Grades 6 - 8 - a Waldorf Approach" at 
 Dance and math -  this study is great news for teachers of all stripes, and movement educators. 
 Flip flops. Not sure why teachers think this is OK for our discus practice. Harsh lesson when one falls. Live & learn. 
 Dance in education - just got invited to write on this theme for Renewal Magazine... sweet! 
 Movement and Academics in Grades 6-8 - a Waldorf Approach, now available as a download.  Great stuff! 
 Over 200 Waldorf teachers in my classes this week.  We're having lots of fun with what's healthy movement for Grades 5 - 8, teachers too!
 Games We Play and Sing - my private event at Sophia's Hearth Family Center in Keene, NH 8/28.   
 RT  Moderate exercise can go a long way in managing diabetes 
 RT  Why Exercise Makes Us Feel Good 
 Sophia's Hearth Children's Center in Keene, NH is the host for our video shoot next month!  
 I'm home for the day after 6 days in Sacramento's heat, teaching many teachers all about movement - for the students, and for themselves.
 Dance and math -  this study is great news for teachers of all stripes, and movement educators. 
 Near the Berkshires? Tomorrow is Community Dance Day at Jacob's Pillow.  Check it out. 
  Thanks for the RT.  Great article! - Valerie in San Francisco
 Math and dance - great news for movement educators. 
 RT   Is Booming in China  Over one hundred kindergartens in only seven years 
 Excellent Wisdom of Waldorf Movement Education workshop just completed, with folks from as far away as Alaska!  "Boy, this is HOT!" 
 Sante Fe Waldorf School is looking for a Games/Movement teacher. 
 RT  I did it! I hit 50 years young and proud of it! Remember, thru this weekend, a FREE gift for YOU with any orders at SE ...
 RT  "Boredom is an essential gateway to discovery-rich, life-enhancing, imagination-generated possibilities."  ...
 Anyone an iTunes affiliate, posting your movement playlists on your website to link to iTunes for downloads?  Thinking of setting it up.
 RT  My birthday week, and in honor of me turning...ahem...50, every order through Sunday evening will . 
 Looking for a site to shoot our new video of movement games for ECE - in New England, weekend of 8/27, somewhere near VT, NH or Northern MA.
 RT  Even MORE health risks of extended sitting reported, via CNN Health, says she, while sitting. 
 RT  Dancing in rehab after stroke, TBI? Loving adapting my program for those who can't (yet) stand again. 
 Javelins, disci, swords, wooden staves, video gear loaded in car.  Dear Highway Patrol, really, I'm just a teacher. 
 Heading up to Sacramento today to begin teaching in the High School Teacher Training at Rudolf Steiner College.  Javelin throwing, anyone?
 RT  WHY NATURE? You Can't Run Uphill Indoors!    
 Unhealthy Competition - what happens to kids who specialize too early to much, via SFChronicle.   
 RT  Interested in a Natural Swimming Pool? See GreenWorks Environmental, ( in Allenwood, NJ 
 Medicine and fairy tales?  Grimm work, via NYTimes. 
 After a loved one's death, can you still stay in touch?  A lovely blog post by my friend and colleague Cordula... 
 Grow Outside - a terrific new blog by Richard Louv. 
 RT  Wheelchair dance from Axis, last night's real treat on SYTYCD.  Power, grace, sensuality, musicality... 
 Unhealthy Competition - what happens to kids who specialize too early to much, via SFChronicle.   
 RT  New on Body, Mind & Child: "Bad Behavior: When to Ignore, When to Intervene"    
 Meaningful work for toddlers?  Yes!  Check out this Simplicity Parenting blog.    
 RT  Life is the only dance there is. We are the dancer and the dance. We may stop dancing but the dance will go on
 RT  Emotions Expressed With a Glance 
 RT  Check out the new demo video on adjusting the tiltable desktop. 
 Will I teach in a new teacher training in China? Heck, yes.  Looks like 2012 will be busy!
 What is the nature of the space we move in? Space Is Human by British poet and gymnast Paul Matthews from Emerson. 
 RT  Your calf muscles are connected to risk of falling. Be sure they're strong and flexible as we age. 
 RT  95% of Italian men have never operated a washing machine.
 Do you teach Grades 5 - 12?  I'm leading movement for class teachers and high school teachers the next few weeks here. 
 Meaningful work for toddlers?  Yes!  Check out this Simplicity Parenting blog.    
 NeuroGym. just back from bringing some of my dance movement therapy for the mobility patients here.   
 Ideomotion... a great new video to illustrate a terrific concept in healing through movement and imagery. 
 RT  Playing games is social. TV=NO. Games=YES.
 Today is National Handstand Day!  Time to go upside down for a few minutes (it's good for your health!) 
 Will I teach in a new teacher training in China? Heck, yes.  Looks like 2012 will be busy!
 Taught about 250 teachers this week as they prep for the next school year. Movement education for THEM as well as the children!
 RT  For kids, spatial awareness is acquired through lots of trial and error with the world around them.   ...
 Want to live a long and healthy life?  Yes ? 
  Just gave you a nice plug to the 250 Waldorf teachers training with me this week-your book's in the bookstore too here  RSC
 More about the Movable Classroom - by popular demand! Folks are asking for more info... here you go. 
 Got hands? Hand-clapping games build brain development, says this study.  Wonderful news for teachers and kids too. 
 International Handstand Day is coming up on Sunday.  I'm sure you have big upside-down plans, right? Good for you! 
 Floating Down The River - lovely traditional singing/dancing game for Grades 1/2 - nice during a math block as first 2, then 4, then 8 etc.
 The move-able classroom - have you ever seen one? Made for movement, what about the desks? Take a look.  
 I'm meeting so many wonderful Waldorf teachers at this year's Art of Teaching conference! The young children are SO lucky to have them!
 Do you stretch before you exercise? Make sure your stretches are dynamic. More, via NYTImes.  
 I'm sitting in a cool Starbucks with 3 CHP officers next to me on their laptops and cellphones planning vacations with obvious delight.
 I'm teaching over 200 Waldorf teachers this week at Rudolf Steiner College (not at the same time.) Awesome privilege. 
 The moveable classroom - have you ever seen one? Made for movement, what about the desks? Take a look.  
 People flying - for real. Amazing video of the making of the flying in Transformers 3 (my son was on the crew.)   
 RT  Don't have a lot of time but need to get up and move for a few? Five minute exercise breaks: 
 The sun is Nature's optomotrist!  More reasons to play outside ('tho 103 today is a challenge!)  
 Did you know you can nominate your favorite PE teacher in California for an award?  
 Wisdom of Waldorf Movement Education - my workshop - folks coming from VT, NC, AL, and CA too of course! You? 
 RT  New post ~ Dreading Your Trip to the Dentist? Tips for Survival for TMJ Disorder Patients 
 The moveable classroom - have you ever seen one? Made for movement, what about the desks? Take a look.  
 Came home to San Francisco to cool off overnight but heading back to Sacramento for 103 in the shady Movement Tent - misters help some, LOL.
 People keep asking what shoes am I wearing for teaching movement ('cos they look so cool.)  They're BLOCH jazz shoes with a split sole.
 Got hands? Hand-clapping games build brain development, says this study.  Wonderful news for teachers and kids too. 
 The moveable classroom - have you ever seen one? Made for movement, what about the desks? Take a look.  
 People flying - for real. Amazing video of the making of the flying in Transformers 3 (my son was on the crew.)  
 Got hands? Hand-clapping games build brain development, says this study.  Wonderful news for teachers and kids too. 
 Hand-clapping games build brain development, says this study.  Wonderful news for teachers and kids too. 
 RT  Temple Grandin's Teaching Tips for Children on the Autism Spectrum   
 Guy next to me at Golds Gym SOMA was working the elliptical while reading a Bombing Something ebook on his iPad.  Impressive multitasking!
 Circle Round the Zero - one of the singing games I'm preparing for the upcoming Art of Teaching course in Sacramento this coming week.
 Packing for my week  Art of Teaching Grades 1-4 starts June 19th!    
 RT  "Shooting dancers, you are doing the same kind of movements they are, only not with quite the finesse."  
 On Facebook?  "Like" my page for lots of good links, community, news.  See you there! 
 Personal workout this morning at Golds Gym SOMA on elliptical, balance ball, free weights.  Feel super duper and ready for ... anything!
 RT  “ Next epidemic for teen girls - fragile bones. article about a real health risk.  
 The science of play, via NYTimes. 
 RT  Ur body is designed to function as a unit...so get caveman in ur workouts.
 RT  You know about the sitting disease, right?  Here's something for office workers - the sit/stand desk. 
 RT  Ways to keep your child occupied during car rides: 
 What is somatics?  Now here, via Wikipedia.  
 The Nature of Movement - my article based on Spacial Dynamics approach.  
 Love this. RT  Quote of the Day: "Today I have grown taller from walking with the trees." - Karle Wilson Baker
  Yes!  This research really opened my eyes to add LOTS more for the middle school and HS girls.  Tough to do, tho', some resist.
  Thanks for the RT!  Best wishes on your important work. - Valerie
 Dance Camera West opens tonight in LA!  Here's the trailer of wonderful film clips. 
 DanceIt in Seattle - 3200+ teens are swinging and salsa-ing because of this great program that could use your help! 
 Why-o why-o why-o, is Hootsuite making me crazy-o?  You too?  Third day it's wonky. Bummer.
 Thanks for RT   Next epidemic for teen girls - fragile bones. My article about a real health risk. 
 RT  Mental note: If a riot ever breaks out in the immediate vicinity, find someone to make out with. 
 RT  "Children dance before they know there is anything that isn't music" ~William Stafford. Have you danced with your ch ...
 RT  Here's a roughhousing approach that really helps a child who is lost in Unworkable Behavior Land   ...
 Self-enhancement through play - one of 3 findings in this research on learning by  
 RT  Tonight's  (Strawberry Moon) is awe-inspiring.  Check it out!
 RT  You're bored? Great! Boredom breeds Creativity!      
 Wisdom of Waldorf Movement Education - my workshop - folks coming from VT, NC, AL, and CA too of course! You? 
 I've just ordered from MOO.COM (don't be too jealous)! Get your own here: 
 Next epidemic for teen girls - fragile bones. My article for  about a real health risk.  
 My rondelay (action game done in a circle) for children ages 7 - 9.     
 RT  Walking Stories  <--great family activity!
 RT  Tips for pain-free hands, via Harvard Health, for office workers, especially.      ...
 Movement benchmarks for children ages 7 - 9. My compilation my surprise you.  (corrected link.) 
 RT  "Watch your habits, for they become your posture.
 Whole Foods parking lot.  Very funny video and song - at the WF in Santa Monica where I shopped last weekend! 
 "No TV" for kids? I just posted a comment on this article.    
 Broadway is not just for gays (and Jews) anymore! Neil Patrick Harris' funny opening number from the Tonys show. 
 Next epidemic for teen girls - fragile bones.  My article for  about a real health risk.  
 "Space Is Human" by British poet and movement educator Paul Matthews, here as a free download.   
 My rondelay (action game done in a circle) for children ages 7 - 9.      
 In praise of roughhousing. Love it.    
 Amazing movement artist, not just juggling.  Watch for delight! 
 Heading to  tonight for family birthday party. I hear it's a great place and location is good for us, too. 
 RT  Your Baby’s Dynamic Balance in Sitting 
 RT  Love watching parents dancing WITH their kids at Fit Hop Toz! Be a movement model for your kids everyday! 
 RT  Anyone who says that army training is what "makes you a man", should try working at a pre-school! I know, I've done  ...
 RT  Franklin Method's 4 steps: Notice where you are; set a goal for change; implement it; see & feel how you are differe ...
 RT  Fixes: "Mobilizing the Playground Movement" in  
 RT  Join the Gratitude Movement  
 What? So the kids don't get TIRED OUT? RT  Why Consider Youth Scooters As a Gift?  Real scooters are better.
 RT  Tree climbing tips for beginners [pdf] from     
 Cooling the brain to fix insomnia?  I might try this.. with a cool cloth? Already have open windows, fan.  
 RT  New research on air pollution causing DNA damage - relevant to autism. See my new post. 
 RT  Kids need to create a mental map of their own body in order to understand the space around them.  ...
 RT  {Got disappointment?} Pack your troubles away: Effect of physically enclosing objects related to unpleasant experien ...
 RT  ”The body says what words cannot.” - Martha Graham  => 
 It's so cold/foggy here in San Francisco we're heading south to the beach - to Santa Monica. Oh, and seeing our kids down there too.
 A few seconds of amazing tango will refresh you and get you moving into the day, via  
 My treatise, Dance As Movement History, now an e-download.  
 RT  RT  Something's wrong when homework doesn't allow for a balance of work, play, down time, fresh air & exercise. ht ...
 RT  Improve your posture and work on your balance with this stretching plan: 
 My husband is SO EXCITED to go to the  game tonight.  He's been reminding me for days, "Don't forget, I'm going to the game." Sweet
 My treatise, Dance As Movement History, now an e-download.  
 Should I prop my baby up to sit? No props for baby!  Independent sitting, here, from AmazingBabiesMoving. 
 A few seconds of amazing tango will refresh you and get you moving into your week, via JacobsPillow. 
 National Handstand Day is coming!  June 26 - what do you have planned? (It's good to go upside down now and then.) 
 RT  School in the forest? Don't miss this free online workshop on 6/13 w/  on educating kids in 
 What? So the kids don't get TIRED OUT? RT  Why Consider Youth Scooters As a Gift?  Real scooters are better.
 RT  Joining LA Fitness, to spy on them - Healthy Living - The Orange ...: Tweet Share When my 24 Hour Fitness member...  ...
 Six Best Exercises You Never Heard Of - and more for you and...  via 
 Ending "never-ever" bad behaviors in children. (Do you secretly think they're OK?) via Cortex Parent.  
 RT  Did you know the detoxifying effects of yoga can help slow the aging process? 
 Body language - how it boosts your presentation, via noboblog.    
 RT  "For young children time isn't real... They can't see it, hear it, taste it, smell it, or touch it." 
 Movement educators - pay what you can!  The Wisdom of Waldorf Movement Education workshop in Sacramento in July.  
 RT  It only takes 15 mins of exercise to improve your mood, according to a study in Journal of Sports & Exercise Psychology.
 Movement educators - you're invited! The Wisdom of Waldorf Movement Education workshop in Sacramento 7/5 - 7/8. 
 I'm working with my first spinal cord injury client - who thinks this company is SICK (meaning: excellent!)  
 Woohoo! 700 followers, thank you all so much! - Valerie at San Francisco Movement.
 Are we built to run barefoot? via NYTimes. 
 RT  Get up and get moving if you want to get out of the hospital fast, via NYTimes. 
 RT  5 reasons to stop saying "good job" to kids, via      ...
 Movement games for toddlers, via kidshealth.org.  I like this collection.     
 Games We Play and Sing - new movement plays for little ones with an adult, at our store.   
 Should I prop my baby up to sit? No props for baby!  Independent sitting, here, from AmazingBabiesMoving. 
 National Handstand Day is coming!  June 26 - what do you have planned? (It's good to go upside down now and then.) 
 RT  Feldenkrais on Twitter is out!  ▸ Top stories today via   
 National Handstand Day is coming!  June 26 - what do you have planned? (It's good to go upside down now and then.) 
 RT  Child's play. Barefoot. In nature. For grown-ups.    What's best 4 body, mind & spirit transcends age.  ...
 We love San Francisco!  Just back from a private tour with Dylan's Tours, sightseeing in our home town! So great.  
 Should I prop my baby up to sit? No props for baby!  Independent sitting, here, from AmazingBabiesMoving. 
 RT  Fight desk death. 10 Ways to Fight Desk Job Death & Stay Active at Work.   
 JustStand.org: Combat Sitting Disease and Join the Wellness Uprising!  via 
 RT  When kids order us around, they're asking us to lead.    via RT 
 RT  Just got a new book - "Smart Moves" by Carla Hannaford on children, physical activity and cognitive development. Any ...
  Yes! I'm a big fan of her work.  Also check out "The Out of Sync Child Has Fun" by Carol Kranowitz for tons of great games.
 Should I prop my baby up to sit? No props for baby!  Independent sitting, here, via AmazingBabiesMoving. 
 RT  Family Health Daily picked up my 6 Best Exercises You Never Heard Of and included it today!  Thanks! 
 RT  When it comes to playing with your kids, follow don't lead!     
 Swing for Japan!  High school teens dance to raise money for tsunami relief, in Seattle. Swing out!   
 RT  Six Best Exercises You Never Heard Of, my new blog post with tips that can change your life. 
 Another great blog from  a Feldenkrais practitioner in OR. Ideomotion Part 2: Corrective Movements: 
 RT  RT  Music, Movement Change Us. Watch faces & bodies. Love!  Flash Mob.The Sound of Music 
 You're invited! The Wisdom of Waldorf Movement Education workshop in Sacramento 7/5 - 7/8. Join us! 
 Others in my top book reports list: How Life Moves, FallProof!, The HIdden Dimension (my favorite) about culture and human spaces.
 Just completed 6 book reports for my Level 2 in Spacial Dynamics movement therapy certificate. Topics? Dance education, TMJ, Shoulders
 RT  RT  Why barefoot is best.... my article for    
 A few seconds of amazing tango will refresh you and get you moving into your week, via JacobsPillow. 
 Love  Best show on television. If you love music, love dance, love people, this is a great cast and great story to watch. Just sayin'
 RT  Dear iPhone, Please stop spellchecking all of my rude words into nice words. You piece of shut.  Every iPhone User
 Watch this!  Sound of Music Flash Mob - Huge dance surprise at a Belgian train station.  I love it, love it!   
 Kids - fixated by screens, and seemingly nothing else, via NYTimes.  Sad. I'd be more radical..NO TV, no screens. 
 RT  The Peter Lovatt Daily is out!  ▸ Top stories today via   
  Thanks, Peter!  Busy here today, doing video on some great new movement games and dances.  More to come!
 Another day of shooting video for   Rainy weather but lots of roses in the garden making it into vases to decorate the set!
 RT  Doctors prescribe the great outdoors to get patients moving - Healthzone.ca   
 RT  EXERCISE RULE(S): You can burn as many (or more) calories doing everyday activities than you would during workouts.
 Good  show tonight at Friday Night Waltz  Floor was slippery but I didn't fall, always a good thing to avoid.  Great partners!
 RT  We'll be performing 1920s era dances (Collegiate Charleston, 1923 Samba, and a Black Bottom Stomp) at Richard......
 No tornado could stop the delivery of my new dance shoes. Thank you,Tiptoes Dancewear, who got them to the FedEx truck during the MA storm.
 Getting ready to perform tonight in Danse Libre's last show of the season...20s dances - Collegiate Charleston, Black Bottom Stomp, Samba.
 RT  Viva Boredom! Let Your Kids Get Bored. (It's good for them.)   thanks for the title  :)
 RT  Do you consider yourself an Emerging Leader in the Arts of Silicon Valley? Looking for a Mentor to help. 
 Watch this!  Huge dance surprise at a Belgian train station.  I love it, love it!   
 RT  Forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair.  ~Kahlil Gibran...
 I'm supporting this project.  She's so close to her goal! The Iraqi Seed Project by emma — Kickstarter  via 
 Ping pong or table tennis?  It's the new rage, via NYTimes. 
 Ping pong or table tennis - it's the new rage, via NYTimes. 
  Thanks for the RT, Rae!  Let's kick off our shoes and run in the grass! - Valerie
 Why barefoot is best.... my article for      
 I'm supporting this project.  She's so close to her goal! The Iraqi Seed Project by emma — Kickstarter  via 
 These wool balls are VERY healing for hands. A miracle happened yesterday with a spinal cord injury client and a ball. 
 We're working late on our new edition of Games We Play And Sing, with more great games to play with little ones 3 - 5.  Target date: 6/15!
 Some healthy movement in the garden gave some yummy cilantro pesto for our dinner, with our own cilantro w/garlic, walnuts, cheese, oil too.
 RT  Violent video games trigger aggression 
 Dance and parenting have a few things in common: You must constantly evolve, learn from your mistakes, and know "perfection" is not the goal
 Stories to get kids moving! Our book with 4 seasonal tales in rhythm and rhyme, now an e-download, here.  
 RT  Put the  on the left! Why? Here's why:    
 Does Excessive Sitting Shorten Hip Flexors?  Another excellent post from     
 Does Excessive Sitting Shorten Hip Flexors?  Another excellent post from     
 Amazing Babies Moving - a great company.  Check out their trainings and publications.    
 RT  Your calf muscles are connected to...your risk of falling. Be sure they're strong and flexible as we age.  ...
 RT  Learning is Active; it involves Doing. It Connects, it doesn't Isolate. Check Out Transforming School Together http:// ...
 Simplicity Parenting's bookstore with great titles for you.  (Wish they'd tweet more, tho.)   
 RT  Looking for parents of kids with special needs to connect and  with other Moms:     
 Singing to children helps develop language skills, via Guardian. Great and encouraging.   
 Are you following  ?  Simplicity Parenting's Kim John Payne has great advice for families with young ones.  Recommended!
 Husband is washing dishes. I LOVE a man in the kitchen, especially cleaning up after my peeling the beautiful red and golden beets. 
 Movement Adventures Camp with me August 8 - 12. 1 week only this year, so special, for little ones in San Francisco. 
 Stories to get kids moving! Our book with 4 seasonal tales in rhythm and rhyme, now an e-download, here.  
 RT  Your June 2011 forecast is ready on Astrologyzone.com and it is HUGE! Please RT! Hope you like it!
 Reading all the tweets about cellphones and cancer and so just turned mine off for awhile.  You too?  How much is it just ON all the time?
 RT  We begin to lose bone density when we hit middle age. Here are 10 super foods to help you maintain bone mass.  ...
 RT  Use a wrist prop or keyboard tray to position your hands properly while working at the computer.
 Attend my Wisdom of Waldorf Movement Education - A Mentoring intensive for teachers ...  via 
 RT  A lack of routine causes stress for the brain ~  
 RT  Your calf muscles are connected to... your risk of falling.  Be sure they're strong and flexible as we age.  ...
 Just added myself to the  twitter directory!
 RT  Baseball is ninety percent mental & the other half is physical. -Yogi Berra
 RT   Also check out Are We Taking Playground Safety Too Far?  
 Whoa Nelly!  So many tweets coming in fast and furious, can't keep up and still do my work!  What about you?
 RT  Comfortable high heels...an oxymoron?  Can't wait to try some of these beauties, via SF Chronicle. 
 RT  The good news of the week, here. (Really, there is some!) via Salon.  
 Too young for kindergarten?  (And not developmentally ready) via NYTImes. Older is better, for all the grades.  
 Love to waltz, or wish you could?  Waltz weekend at Santa Clara U in CA in June will be wonderful, come on!  
  Hi, Lindsey, great to "meet" you, and welcome to Waldorf education!  If you're on FB, pls like San Francisco Movement too!
 RT  Gravity defying shoes.  Anyone try these?  Curious.     
 Your child's sleep - great article, journal suggestion as we go into summertime, via NYTimes. 
 RT   If we engage kids in meaningful work daily when they grow up to be in charge they may actually have a clue.
 Too young for kindergarten?  (And not developmentally ready) via NYTImes. Older is better, for all the grades.  
 RT  Help spread awareness of Sensory Processing Disorder by RTing the Red Flags of SPD -    ...
 RT  When you're little, the floor is your best, first playground! Why kids need room to move...  
 RT  DanceIt!  This successful Seattle program is free to the public high schools!  
 RT  Elders exercising at home? The Home Workout - Safety Tips, my new blog post.    
 What is play science? Great info, from the National Institute for Play. 
 So sad to learn that Will Norton, the young man who was sucked out the sunroof of his dad's car in Joplin's tornado, was found dead.
 RT  Special Financial Assistance for Summer 2011 
  Thanks for the RT!  DanceIt needs funding to make next year's program needs. Your RT will help get the word out!
 RT  E-W students featured! DanceIt!  This successful Seattle program is free to public high schools!  
 DanceIt!  This successful Seattle program is free to the public high schools!  
 Games We Play and Sing - for teachers/parents 1 on 1 with little ones 3 - 5. We're prepping a download of our little book with more games!
 Me too, for days now.  Bedridden friend so sad I can't play with her.  RT   having problems with iPhone app again
  Cool foggy and breezy here in San Francisco this morning.  What happened to spring?  Tomatoes are NOT happy.
 Love to waltz, or wish you could?  Waltz weekend at Santa Clara U in CA in June will be wonderful, come on!  
 I'm such a meanie! Teens who didn't come to rehearsal now need fix of their dance mess before the show opens tonight. Sorry, lesson learned?
 Organizers of the 2012 Olympics are seeking nominations for inspiring people from the UK to carry the Olympic flame. 
  You're welcome. Good luck with the camp! - Valerie at San Francisco Movement, 
 RT  . wrote an article for Huffington Post about bullying. I think it’s a must-read. 
 RT  Come to "Soccer Camp Fundraiser for Live Oak Waldorf School" Tuesday, June 14 at 9:30 am until <br />Thursday, ...
 Client just asked me for healthy movement for preschoolers in Marin, CA.  Anyone know something to recommend?  DM me, please and thanks.
 "Pay What You Can' for workshop, The Wisdom of Waldorf Movement Education - A Mentorin...  via 
  Singing games, simple ball handling, Crows and Cranes, simple tag like Cat and Mouse, finger games, hand clapping games.
  I'm also teaching at RSC from 6/20 thru 7/22.  Are you there?  If so, come on by.  .  Join my list.
 RT  Put the  on the left! Why? Here's why:    
 Attend The Wisdom of Waldorf Movement Education - A Mentorin...  via 
 RT   first, lunch later!    
 Attend The Wisdom of Waldorf Movement Education - A Mentoring intensive for teachers ...  via 
 A client just asked me for healthy movement for preschoolers in Marin, CA.  Anyone know something to recommend?  DM me, please and thanks.
  Hi, Jesper, what I choose for that age group will be different from most people... lots of singing games in a circle, clapping...
  Happy to help.. what age kids?
 Movement Education Update to my RSC students.  via 
 My July workshop: The Art of Waldorf Movement Education -Teaching with Intention, in July.  Here's the info. 
 Summer program where I'm teaching in June and July - Rudolf Steiner College.   
 New movement story!  Our artist, Cam, just sent us the first drawings of our new characters!  So exciting to see them! 
 RT  Never stop exploring! ... Keep on discovering new exercises and/or rethinking ways to workout...your body will than ...
 Check this out:  is Planking!  Famous design company is surely up to something, but what? 
 Check this out: IDEO is Planking!  Famous design company is surely up to something, but what? 
 RT  Artsy guys are healthier and happier than their less cultured counterparts | 
 Swish, Swosh, Swoosh. Just got permission from remedial speciaiist Ingun Schneider to use her lovely touching game in our new collection!
 Using  to print up some fast and beautiful postcards for my August kids' camp - the local schools want something on paper.
 RT  RT  Laughter is the Best Medicine ~ Health & Wellness Tip   
 Need teacher training or mentoring for your movement classes or school?  I have a small group forming for 2011-12. 
 RT  Is you school district providing enough PE hours?  ...
 RT  Origami cranes symbolise hope for Japan. 
 RT  I'm on fire! Just created 4 new movement activities with music, props! These will be videoed and available soon. Happy,  ...
 RT  What fits your busy schedule better?   Exercising 30 minutes a day, or being dead 24 hours a day?
 Stories to get kids moving! Our book with 4 seasonal tales in rhythm and rhyme, now an e-download, here.  
 The Impatient Child - great new blog post for parents, via     
 RT  New at DA: 6 Tips for Dancing Outside With Your Class - Dancing outside can be a fantastic teaching tool. The...
 RT  REGISTER NOW! Handcrafts Conference: Practical Imagination  via 
 A May tune to dance to, for little ones.  Listen to the chorus, "see" the moves.  "Heel and toe, jolly rumblelow!"  
 RT  The circus is coming to Marinwood this weekend 
 RT  "...the Mum in you is born in that rocking chair deep in the middle of the night."   
 RT  If you like  and appreciate  you'll love our FREE Film Festival! 
 RT  Dance and parenting have a few things in common: You must constantly evolve, learn from your mistakes, and know "perfec ...
 A May tune to dance to, for little ones.  Listen to the chorus. "Heel and toe, jolly rumblelow!"   
 A may tune to dance to, for little ones.  Listen to the chorus.  "Heel and toe, jolly rumblelow!"  
 Our movement stories, The Adventures of Uffe the Gnome, are now an e-book for only $4.99, see our button for lulu.com. 
 Wonderful day at Indian Springs in the Napa Valley yesterday, celebrating our wedding anniversary with sun, swim, massage. 
 Just had a great week teaching up at Rudolf Steiner College. Wonderful people there, training to become teachers. 
 RT  Believe it or not, spinning slowly is great for building balance!     
 The Balance Ball - I'm a big fan.  Here's a great link for good exercises.     
 My link to two Japanese hand-clapping game tunes. 
 Just updated my website.  Trying to add the live Twitter feed.... how to do that?  Seemed to work just fine on my other website.  Ideas?
 RT  Once again, our Agile Aging hand therapy really helped some tired and sore people this morning. 
 Would you like to train with me this summer in California?  One-time only Waldorf Movement Ed course for teachers. DM 
 Fantastic - Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival trailer for this summer's programs.  I'm going, are you?  
 Sacramento here I come! Waldorf teacher trainees get lots of movement education this week. Today's theme- gravity and levity, clarity.
 I'm teaching at Rudolf Steiner College next week- all full time teacher trainees get movement education again, near Sacramento. yippee!!
 RT  RT  1 of my 5 year olds told me today that there is a monster that eats dance teachers. Just warning y ...
 Copellia Mazurka, waltz Cotillion our Victorian set, with Dance of the Hours romp and a cancan I'm thankfully not in - lots of jumping!!!
 I'm dancing tonight in a couple sets of vintage ballroom dances onstage with Danse Libre. Last night's show was great, hope tonight is too!
 RT  Why spinning around & around & around is good for kids!        ...
 RT  Through the Move a Teen to Dance campaign, we hope to give scholarships to 1 in 5 teens. Click here to donate.  ...
  Yes today's parents are different: many have trouble being PARENTS instead of BUDDIES to their kids, a la "The Sibling Society."
 Former Waldorf student and comic actor writes about his childhood, growing up without cable tv! 
  Re 4 yr/o w/pacifier - the next day he tells me he has a milkie bottle every night!  I almost went nuts.Hello, parents?Anyone home?
 RT  Love this video clip of Fred Astaire demonstrating the golf swing and balance - posted by Sean of Linkedin Golfers - htt ...
 RT  Do you know about Sexhercise?  No?  If you're a woman, or love one, you might check it out. 
 RT  The girl in the Graham google doodle: Blakeley White-McGuire on "Why I Dance": 
 Henry Berg, leading ballet teacher in San Francisco, is featured in this month's Dance Magazine! 
 Double dutch?  Loved this. Super duper video of kids really moving, very heartening and well done.  
 Is the May Faire this Sunday in San Francisco going to be rained out?  Wish I knew.... silk MayPole ribbons are getting prepped right now.
 RT  Should Your  Play  (Guess what my resounding answer is?) 
  NO!!!!!
 RT  How many 58 yr olds can say this list when getting ready for work: dance shoes, tights, makeup, foot pads, costumes, pins...
 RT  Parents who shun fairytales 'miss chance to teach children morality'    
 Girl Walk - a new dance video with live event this Saturday in NYC. Looks amazing, you can get in on it!  
 RT  My mom complains that her ankles swell after 10 hours on her feet.  Hello? At 82 you need to sit with your feet up at times.
 Waltz Weekend at Santa Clara U is June 19 - 21, not July.  Almost full, though.  Here's the reg link.   
 Waltz Weekend 2011 in July near Stanford but at Santa Clara University.  Check out these photos! 
 This today: Google Honors Martha Graham With Google Dance Logo 
 RT  “The secret of getting ahead is getting started.” Agatha Christie
 Like jumping?  Loved this. Super duper video of kids really moving, very heartening and well done.  
 RT  Google Honors Martha Graham With Google Dance Logo 
 Loved this. Just back from mentoring at an inner city school and saw lots of great kids moving, but a lethargy too. 
 Lovely animation.  Happy Birthday, Martha Graham!  Check it out.  
 Why barefoot is best, my article at www.education.com.      
 Anti-gravity yoga.  Anyone try this?  Looks like fun, but hard,via NYTimes.  http:
 Need a job? There are more Waldorf movement educator job positions open than teachers. New trainings begin Oct in US. 
 One week only! Movement Adventures camp returns for 5th year, for little ones August 8 - 12 in San Francisco. 
 Why barefoot is best, my article at www.education.com.      
 RT  Just How Dangerous Is Sitting All Day? [INFOGRAPHIC] 
  Glad to commiserate... and that the media is spreading the stroller topic.  Next on my list:Today I saw a 4 yr old with a pacifier!
  Thanks, I agree.  A PT I know who work with back rehab teaches this to stabilize lower back before lifting.
